Peete te eae Set ee Pete a Ae SS Te Tae 
- mw Feo e ae tet 
ye “oe 


rs th arr 
poesa es erotensssstrsreyarer te taess 


pape ors 
, be ht — 
hee Rae Fe mee a 


SRI T ET 
per eke Saree ta 


pees nf hae 
Pitas 


os 
hy 
Ser ee 
—s 
a 
cS 


we Rage oy 
Sr eee 


oO mmm met 
ee ST ree Get 


<4 es 
Gate 
+ Tine Be ome TW - 
iad teh Pat Pe “ 
Sn 


an Fae Paw ton Gee nes Bel 


fete bab eh 
i POE CN Pace mT ee 
° ones ape en ~~ 
Fe ie Fgh a Ae Fie 
a ere Seen eta 


Fm Pra Beg ie na ta aes ® 
wt ae Pi ee A Ay 9 sae es 
5 0 ae tne Bat Cast 


deitbiar 


eat 


No 


me 


eae 


Pee ot 


etme B) ady 
eTene. 


6S 
me 


Hrom the Library of 
Professor Benjamin Breckinridge Warfield 
Bequeathed by him to 
the Library of 


Princeton Chenlogiral Seminary 


PS 2331 .A3 N6 | 

Lowell, James Russell, 181% 
1891. | 
Letters of James Russell 
Lowell 


at 
: Heyy; 
ie ro ve 


t ad BUA t vat 


iy 
eee ear 
Talia, at ve 


> 
7 
a 


ae 


<2 


sia oe 


4 


RSr4 


i. 


: idling 


~ 


u 


Sr 


| 


cE i a 


wv 
JAMES RUSSELL: LOWELL 


EDITED BY 


v 
CHARLES ELIOT NORTON 


VOLUME I. 


NEW YORK 
HARPER -&BRODRER SP OU BLISTERS 


1894 


Copyright, 1893, by HARPER & BROTHERS. 


All rights reserved. 


EDITORIAL NOTE 


IN making the following selection from the great 
mass of Mr. Lowell’s letters which was in my hands, 
my attempt was to secure for it, so far as possible, an 
autobiographic character. And, in the main, this has 
not been difficult, for few writers have given in their 
letters a more faithful representation of themselves, 
and of few men is the epistolary record more complete 
from youth to age. But portions of every man’s life are 
essentially private, and knowledge of them belongs by 
right only to those intimates whom he himself may see 
fit to trust with his entire confidence. Vulgar curiosity 
is, indeed, always alert to spy into these sanctities, and 
is too often gratified, as in some memorable and mourn- 
ful instances in recent years, by the infidelities of un- 
trustworthy friends. There was nothing in Mr. Lowell’s 
life to be concealed or excused. But he had the re- 
serves of a high and delicate nature, reserves to be no 
less respected after death than during life, and nothing 
will, I hope, be found in these volumes which he him- 
self might have regretted to see in print. Mr. Lowell, 
indeed, made to the public in his poetry such revelation 
of his inward experiences and emotions as he alone had 
the right to make, and such as may well suffice to 


iV EDITORIAL NOTE 


satisfy all legitimate interest in the spiritual develop- 
ment of the poet and in the nature of his most intimate 
and sacred human relations. Read together, his poems 
and his letters show him with rare completeness as he 
truly was. 

So many of his friends and correspondents have put 
me under obligations by intrusting to me the letters 
he had addressed to them, that I will not undertake to 
name them all. I beg them each to accept my thanks. 
One difficulty only I have felt in regard to the use of 
these letters. Some of them contained such expressions 
of affection for those to whom they were addressed, or 
of admiration for their work, as might seem intended for 
their eyes alone. And yet these expressions were so char- 
acteristic of their writer’s nature and of the regard in 
which he held his friends, that to omit them all would 
be to leave an imperfect and maimed impression of the 
quickness and warmth of his sympathies and the charm 
of his intercourse. If I have printed any letter which 
the person to whom it was addressed may regret to 
see in type, I beg him to pardon me for the indiscre- 
tion, on the ground of its exhibition of traits essential 
to the likeness of the self-drawn portrait of his friend. 

To one of my own as well as of Mr. Lowell’s nearest 
friends, Mr. Leslie Stephen, I am glad to owe so much 
as makes indispensable a special acknowledgment of 
my debt. The letter with which he has favored me, 
describing Lowell as he knew him, is a sketch which 
for its vital resemblance no other hand could have 
drawn. 

Some letters which I should have been glad to use 


EDITORIAL NOTE Vv 


have reached me too late; others have perished or are 
not now to be found. But it is a satisfaction to believe 
that, however much they might have added to the 
interest of these volumes, they would have afforded no 
new aspect of their writer. 


CHARLES ELIOT NORTON. 


SHADY HILL, CAMBRIDGE, MASS. 
July, 1893. 


TUN PRM gee 
Bhai 


\ d 
Ot) # 
if 
Foy al, 
1a , 


nein! She 
iy 


et 
8 


i 
, eae 

of fee LOY 

- val Boo Yi 


i) a i AN 
pee Fo ER) sve 
y iY A 0+ 9 
- ig ns} 
> 


' ay 


Phin 
bade sit 
a freee | 


- r 
AM 
pha! bn 
Neh 


‘ aes 1 
EO AT EY 


oH ayy ne 
Lei Wega 


A 


pital) 


CONTENDS: OF VOL 


o 


I 
1819-1839 
EARLY LIFE.—COLLEGE DAYS.—RUSTICATION IN CONCORD.—IN 
THE HARVARD LAW-SCHOOL.——-FIRST LITERARY VENTURES. -; 


LETTERS TO R. T. S, LOWELL, W. H. SHACKFORD, G. B. LORING, 
Cy U~. SKATES e . J s . e e e ° e e ° e e page I 


Ma 
1840-1849 


ENGAGEMENT TO MISS WHITE.—LAW AND LETTERS.—WRITING 
FOR THE MAGAZINES.‘ A YEAR’S LIFE.”’—THE P/ONEER. 
— ‘ pOEMS.”’ — ‘CONVERSATIONS ON SOME OF THE OLD 
POETS.” —MARRIAGE.—CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE PENNSYL- 
VANIA FREEMAN.— THE ANTI-SLAVERY STANDARD. — 
“THE BIGLOW PAPERS.”—THE ‘‘ FABLE FOR CRITICS.”— 
“SIR LAUNFAL.” 


LETTERS TO GEORGE B, LORING, WILLIAM A. WHITE, CHARLES 
F, BRIGGS, MISS L. L. WHITE, H. W. LONGFELLOW, EDWARD 
M. DAVIS, SYDNEY H. GAY, CHARLES R. LOWELL, J. T. FIELDS, 
MRS PRANCIS) GUSEUAW ile ahem Ui at hie Vash AN gage 


III 
1850-1856 
DOMESTIC SORROW AND JOY.—VISIT TO EUROPE.—DEATH OF 
SON AT ROME.—DECLINE OF MRS. LOWELL’S HEALTH.— 


Vili CONTENTS OF VOL. I 


RETURN TO AMERICA. — DEATH OF MRS. LOWELL, — LEC- 
TURES ON THE ENGLISH POETS.—APPOINTMENT TO PRO- 
FESSORSHIP IN HARVARD UNIVERSITY.—SECOND VISIT TO 
EUROPE. 


LETTERS TO C. F. BRIGGS, E. M. DAVIS, S. H. GAY, FRANCIS G. 
SHAW, C. E. NORTON, MISS ANNA LORING, F. H. UN- 
DERWOOD, MISS JANE NORTON, W. J. STILLMAN, J. T. 
FIELDS, JOHN HOLMES, DR. ESTES HOWE, MRS. ESTES 
HOWE ANG tA" le hl) 9 oe sr atlpel tue faye a aed Rie eee a ok me 


IV 
1856-1865 
RETURN FROM EUROPE.— ENTERS UPON THE DUTIES OF HIS 
PROFESSORSHIP. — MARRIAGE TO MISS DUNLAP. — EDITOR- 
SHIP OF THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY.—NEW SERIES OF “ THE 
BIGLOW PAPERS.’ — JOINT EDITORSHIP OF THE WORTH 
AMERICAN REVIEW.—THE “‘ COMMEMORATION ODE,” 


LETTERS TO H. W. LONGFELLOW, MISS NORTON, C. E. NORTON, 
C. F. BRIGGS, S. H. GAY, W. J. STILLMAN, T. W. HIGGINSON, 
O. W. HOLMES, THOMAS HUGHES, NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE, 
J. L. MOTLEY, W. D. HOWELLS, CHARLES NORDHOFF, J. T. 
FIELDS, MRS.) PRANCIS?*tG? SHAW...) 150s eae bee EOS 


Vv 
1866-1868 

LIFE AT ELMWOOD. — STUDIES. — LECTURES. — POLITICAL AND 
LITERARY ESSAYS IN THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW AND 
THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY. 

LETTERS TO E. L. GODKIN, E. C. STEDMAN, LESLIE STEPHEN, 
C. E. NORTON, H. W. LONGFELLOW, T. W. HIGGINSON, 
J. T. FIELDS, MISS NORTON, J. B. THAYER, T. W. PARSONS, 
WD HOWELLS 15 102) 1) SUS Parte ia es en en rene ee Ci 


APPENDIX: LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN «. « « - . 407 


LETTERS OF 


JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL 


1819-1839 
EARLY LIFE.—-COLLEGE DAYS.—RUSTICATION IN CONCORD.— 
IN THE HARVARD LAW-SCHOOL.—FIRST LITERARY VENTURES. 


LETTERS TO R. T. S. LOWELL, W. H. SHACKFORD, G. B, LORING, 
C. U. SKATES. 


JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL was born in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts, in 1819, on the 22d of February, a day 
dear to Americans as the birthday of Washington. 

There was a happy conjunction of stars at his birth. 
Family stock, parents, condition in life, time, and place, 
all were of the best. 

His father, the Reverend Charles Lowell, was a man 
of gracious character and rare personal qualities. His 
presence was striking and comely, and his looks and 
manners corresponded in their benignity with the sweet- 
ness and simplicity of his nature. As a clergyman he 
was unusually beloved, and he discharged his clerical 
duties with devout fidelity and with quick and tender 
sympathies. He was a lover of books, and he possessed 


more culture, both literary and social, than most of the 
I 


2 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1819 


clergy, his contemporaries. Mrs. Lowell was of an old 
Orkney family, and in her blood was a tincture of the 
romance of those solitary Northern isles. It was from 
her that her son believed himself to have inherited his 
love of nature and his poetic temperament. 

The home at Cambridge, called Elmwood, after some 
fine English elms that stood in front of the house, was 
about four miles from Boston, where Dr. Lowell’s parish 
lay. The house was spacious, built in colonial times, 
and had an air of comfort and of old-fashioned dignity. 

It stood in pleasant grounds, of no great extent, but 
ample enough for lawn and garden and orchard and 
pasture and belts of trees. The country back of it was 
a farming region, with large spaces of solitary woods 
and open meadows. Fresh Pond, the haunt of herons 
and other shy birds and land-creatures, lay half a mile 
away. The whole district, though so near the city, was 
not yet suburbanized, and its people retained a rustic 
simplicity of life and character such as has almost disap- 
peared, even in the remoter parts of New England, swept 
away by the flood of change during the last fifty years. 

Elmwood stood fronting upon a lane, between two 
roads. Between it and the village—as it then was—of 
Cambridge, was much open space, pasture-land or mow- 
ing, which afforded good roaming-ground for school- 
boys. To the right, looking eastward from the house, 
rose a low eminence, called Symonds’ Hill, overhanging 
the river Charles, of which a bright stretch could be seen 
beyond. 

In his “ Cambridge Thirty Years Ago,” Lowell has de- 
scribed the scene as it was in his childhood. Approach- 


1819] EARLY LIFE 3 


ing the village “from the west, by what was then called 
the New Road (it is called so no longer, for we change 
our names whenever we can, to the great detriment of 
all historical association), you would pause on the brow 
of Symonds’ Hill to enjoy a view singularly soothing 
and placid. In front of you lay the town, tufted with 
elms, lindens, and horse-chestnuts, which had seen Mas- 
sachusetts a colony, and were fortunately unable to emi- 
grate with the Tories by whom, or by whose fathers, 
they were planted. Over it rose the noisy belfry of the 
college, the square brown tower of the church, and the 
slim yellow spire of the parish meeting-house, by no 
means ungraceful, and then an invariable characteristic 
of New England religious architecture. On your right, 
the Charles slipped smoothly through green and purple 
salt-meadows, darkened here and there with the blos- 
soming black grass as with a stranded cloud-shadow. 
Over these marshes, level as water, but without its glare, 
and with softer and more soothing gradations of per- 
spective, the eye was carried to a horizon of softly 
rounded hills. To your left hand, upon the Old Road, 
you saw some half-dozen dignified old houses of the 
colonial time, all comfortably fronting southward.” 

The most stately of these houses was that known as 
the Craigie House, already illustrious as having been the 
headquarters of Washington in 1776, and destined before 
long to receive a new and not less enduring fame as the 
home of Longfellow. At the end of the New Road tow- 
ards Cambridge stood a line of six noble willow-trees, 
monuments of the stockade erected as a defence of the 
little settlement in its earliest days, and commemorated 


4 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1819 


by Lowell, when a young man, in his “ Indian Summer 
Reverie,” and again, in mature years, in his “ Under the 
Willows.” These two poems should be read by those 
who would gain a knowledge of the scenes familiar to 
his boyhood, and learn how the intensity of his affection 
for his native place deepened the sentiment with which 
he cherished the memories and associations of his happy 
childhood. 

He was the youngest of the household of four broth- 
ers and two sisters. He was a handsome boy and his 
mother’s darling. There was nothing precocious in his 
intelligence, but from his earliest days he was sensitive 
to the influences of Nature and a keen observer of the 
aspects of her life. He had the poetic temperament, 
which showed itself in his quick emotions and ready 
sympathies. His development was healthy ; he was full 
of boyish spirits, liking out-doors better than the school- 
room, and acquiring more through his unconsciously 
exercised powers of observation than through lessons 
conned from books. His first schooling was at a dame- 
school in Cambridge. 

Lowell has told some of his childish reminiscences 
in a little poem inserted in the Introduction to the 
First Series of ‘the Biglow Papers.” It is the record of 
conditions of childhood which have long since passed 
away, together with the simplicity of life which made 
them possible; but the record, as he says, will not seem 
wanting in truth to those survivors of the old time 
“whose fortunate education began in a country village.” 

His father’s nature was hospitable, and his family con- 
nection so wide that the boy had early the chance of see- 


1827] EARLY LIFE 5 


ing a pleasant side of social life. His knowledge of the 
world outside his immediate surroundings was extended 
by his being taken frequently as a companion by his fa- 
ther on his long drives to exchange Sunday services with 
his clerical brethren in country towns and villages—drives 
often a good day’s journey from home. It was on these 
excursions that he learned much of the characteristics 
of the then almost unmixed Yankee population of New 
England—a knowledge which was, later, to stand him in 
good stead. 

When he was eight or nine years old he was sent as a 
day-scholar to the boarding-school of Mr. William Wells, 
close to Elmwood. Mr. Wells was an Englishman, of 
good breeding as well as good learning. He carried on 
his school as nearly after an English fashion as was pos- 
sible under widely different conditions. His discipline 
was sometimes sharp and severe, but he made his boys 
learn Latin, and in after-years ‘‘ Parson Wilbur” showed 
the benefit of his instruction. 

Few of the boy’s letters have been preserved, and 
there is nothing in them to distinguish them from those 
of any happy and healthy child. They afford pleasant 
little glimpses of his life. Here are two written to his 
brother Robert, who was at the school kept by Mr. 
Bancroft, at Round Hill, Northampton: 


TO MASTER ROBERT T. S. LOWELL 
Jan, 25, 1827. 
My dear brother The dog and the colt went down 
to-day with our boy for me and the colt went before 
and then the horse and slay [sleigh] and dog—I went 


6 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1828 


to a party and I danced a great deal and was very hap- 
py—I read french’ stories—The colt plays very much— 
and follows the horse when it is out. 
Your affectionate brother 
James R. LOWELL. 
I forgot to tell you that sister mary has not given me 
any present but I have got three books 


TO THE SAME Nov. 2, 1828. 


My Dear Brother,—I am now going to tell you mel- 
ancholy news. I have got the ague together with a 
gumbile. I presume you know that September has got 
a lame leg, but he grows better every day and now is 
very well but still limps a little. We have anew scholar 
from round hill. his name is Hooper and we expect an- 
other named Penn who I believe also comes from there. 
The boys are all very well except Nemaise, who has got 
another piece of glass in his leg and is waiting for the 
doctor to take it out, and Samuel Storrow is also sick. 
I am going to have a new suit of blue broadcloth clothes 
to wear every day andto play in. Mother tells me that 
I may have any sort of buttons I choose. I have not 
done anything to the hut but if you wish I will. Iam 
now very happy; but I should be more so if you were 
there. I hope you will answer my letter if you do not 
I shall write you no more letters. when you write my 
letters you must direct them all to me and not write 
half to mother as generally do. Mother has given me 
the three volumes of tales of a grandfather. 

farewell 
Yours truly 
James R. Lowe tt. 


1834] AT HARVARD 7 


You must excuse me for making so many mistakes. 
You must keep what I have told you about my new 
clothes a secret if you dont I shall not divulge any 
more secrets to you. I have got quite a library. The 
Master has not taken his rattan out since the vacation. 
Your little kitten is as well and as playful as ever and I 
hope you are to for Iam sure I love you as well as ever. 
Why is grass like a mouse you cant guess that he he he 
ho ho ho ha ha ha hum hum hum. 


In 1834, when he was fifteen years old, Lowell entered 
Harvard College as a freshman. He was a shy youth, 
of genial disposition, of high spirits, of undeveloped 
tastes, but already feeling in himself the stir of powers 
of the nature of which he was stillignorant. He became 
popular among his classmates, and made friends with 
some of them, especially with one who afterwards rose 
to distinction in political life, the late Honorable George 
Bailey Loring. Outside of his own class he formed a 
warm friendship with Mr. William H. Shackford, three 
years his senior in college, and his letters to these two 
friends afford the best picture of his life in those days. 

The College was very different then from the Uni- 
versity of the present day. Its resources were narrow, 
its teachers and scholars comparatively few in num- 
ber. The four classes from. 1835 to 1838 counted up 
to but two hundred students in all. Among the profess- 
ors were some men of eminence, as, for instance, Pierce 
in mathematics and Felton in Greek. Ticknor was still 
professor of belles-lettres when Lowell entered college, 
but Longfellow succeeded him in 1836. The president 


8 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1836 


was Josiah Quincy, whose high and vigorous nature 
impressed itself on the little community over which he 
ruled, and to whom Lowell has paid an admirable and 
worthy tribute of respect in his essay on “A Great Pub- 
licn@haracter « 

Lowell enjoyed his college days. “Almost every- 
body,” he says in the essay just referred to, “looks back 
regretfully to the days of some Consul Plancus. Never 
were eyes so bright, never had wine so much wit and 
good-fellowship in it, never were we ourselves so capa- 
ble of the various great things we have never done.... 
This is especially true of college life, when we first as- 
sume the titles without the responsibilities of manhood, 
and the president of our year is apt to become our Plan- 
cus very early.” 


TO W. H. SHACKFORD 
Cambridge, Jan. 6, 1836. 

Dearest Shack,—...As for myself, I have had a very 
happy “new year’s day,” as far at least as presents go. 
I have been presented with a book, which I rather think 
you have heard me speak of buying, namely, Hilliard 
& Gray’s beautiful edition of Milton, very handsomely 
bound in calf or sheep, I don’t know which, for there is 
a diversity of opinion in the family about it, some say- 
ing one and some another; father says it’s calf, and as 
that is considered the handsomest, I of course agree 
with him. The xglish edition of Coleridge’s works 
has also been given me by my “paternal relation.” 
You see the editiomania has not left me yet. With 
some stray cash, I have purchased Butler and Beattie 


1836 TO W. H. SHACKFORD 
9 


also; these as well as Coleridge belong to the Aldine 
Edition of the British Poets. Did you ever read “ Hu- 
dibras”? It always was and always wzll be a great favor- 
ite of mine, an inexhaustible source of, mirth from begin- 
ning to end. Who but Butler would have thought of 
so apt and amusing a simile as this, 


** And now, like lobster boiled, the morn 
From black to red begins to turn’? 


...I1 am reading the life of Milton, and find it very 
interesting ; /zs first taste (as well as Cowley’s) for poetry 
was formed by reading Spenser. I am glad to have 
such good examples, for Spenser was always my favorite 
poctwmiclike the metre’ of the < Paery. Queene.’ ; Beat: 
tie’s “Minstrel” is in the same. Apropos of poetry, I 
myself (you need not turn up your nose and grin)—yes, 
I myself have cultivated the Muses, and have translated 
one or two odes from Horace, your favorite Horace. I 
like Horace much, but prefer Virgil’s Bucolics to his 
Odes, most of them. If you have your Horace by you, 
turn to the IX. Satire, 1st Book, and read it, and see if 
you don’t like it (in an expurgated edition). . . . You ad- 
vise me to attend to chemistry. I intend to; I always 
had a taste for it, as I have for everything experimental. 
Did you ever attend at all to the making of Latin poet- 
ry? I always wondered why they didn’t teach it here. 
I think it ought to be attended to here as much as in 
Europe. I shall study it, and the first attempt I make 
shall be ‘Ad Patrem optimum” ; the second, “ Ad caris- 
simum amicum Gulielmum Shackfordum.” If I write 
anything I'll send it to you. When my poems are pub. 


IO LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1836 


lished I'll send them to you. Does chemistry belong 
to your branch of instruction?* I like mineralogy as 
much as ever, but the snow covers the ground, so that 
I can collect none except from the mine. Hilliard & 
Gray are going to publish a beautiful edition of Shake- 
speare next month (price $14, 8 vols., royal 8vo), beau- 
tifully printed, which I intend to buy if I can afford it. 
I admire your seal, which, however, you unluckily for- 
got to make backwards. I got it off whole. Last term 
I made a few attempts at wood-cutting, and really suc- 
ceeded about as well as, if not better than, ‘‘ old Cax- 
ton.” Without looking, except in the “ booke of mem- 
orie,” can you tell me who he was? I am quite an 
antiquary, the pursuit of black-letter is very congenial 
to my tastes. By-the-bye, Milton has excited my am- 
bition to read all the Greek and Latin classics which 
he did. Your most affectionate friend, | 
JAMES RuSSELL LOWELL. 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, Feb. 1, 1836. 

... Lhe “deturs” have been given out, and I have 
got Akenside’s Poems. They are the best “deturs”’ 
that have been given out this long while, they say; they 
are bound most beautifully (all alike) in yellow calf, 
and—what I consider very appropriate—have the College 
arms stamped on the covers, in gold. They have a 
new stamp for the inside also. It has the College arms, 
and underneath the old inscription, with this addition, 


A 9? 


“ pro insigni in studiis diligentia. 


* Mr.-Shackford was, at this time, an instructor at Exeter 
Academy, N. H. 


1836] TO G. B. LORING AND TO HIS MOTHER II 


TO G. B. LORING 
Boston, 23 (?) Dec., 1836. 

My dear Friend,— ... Here I am, alone in Bob’s 
room with a blazing fire, in an atmosphere of “ poesy”’ 
and soft-coal smoke. Pope, Dante, a few of the older 
English poets, Byron, and last, not least, some of my 
own compositions, lie around me. Mark my modesty. 
I don’t put myself in the same line with the rest, you 
see. .. . Been quite “grouty” all the vacation, “ black 
as Erebus.” Discovered two points of very striking 
resemblance between myself and Lord Byron; and if 
you will put me in mind of it, I will propound next 
term, or in some other letter, “ Vanity, thy name is 
Lowellarbycs. 


“Vo solcando un mar crudele, 
Senza vele e senza‘sarte,” .).. 


» 


as Metastasio says in Italian, and which, transmuted 
into the good old vernacular, may be expressed in the 
words of Shakespeare—I am embarked “on a sea of 
troublesstsie”. Beli 
elieve me yours, 
Psh Boat bee 
TO HIS MOTHER 


Cambridge, Jan. 28, 1837. 
...J1 am engaged in several poetical effusions, one 
of which I have dedicated to you, who have always 
been the patron and encourager of my youthful muse. 
If you wish to see me as much as I do you, I shall be 
satisfied.* 


* In the summer of 1837 Dr. and Mrs. Lowell went to Europe. 
Mrs. Lowell wrote from Paris, May 27, 1838: “ Babie Jamie! 


12 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


TO G. B. LORING 
Cambridge, Elmwood, 1837. 

Dear George,— .-. What think you of the epi- 
eram and “effusion” I sent you in my last? Trusting 
they proved acceptable, and premising that they serve 
to fill up a letter, I send you another little piece, which 
I wrote (as indeed you will perceive by reading) in lit- 
erally a moment of leisure. It is addressed to our old 
horse - chestnut, whose protecting arms are thrown 
around the room in which I am sitting. It is the un- 
happy, but I trust not disconsolate, survivor of two, one 
of which stood at the other corner of the “ family man- 


bd 


sion,’ and expired last summer of a lingering, and (I 


should think from the groanings of its aged limbs in 
the blast) painful, disease. 


OUR OLD HORSE-CHESTNUT TREE 
i 


Long hast thou waved thy giant pride, 
Thou old horse-chestnut tree, 

Around that room, whose casements wide 
First brought the light to me. 


2 


And thou hast heard our merry shout 
(My brother Bob and J), 


your poetry was very pleasing to me, and I am glad to have a 
letter, but not to remind me of you, for you are seldom long out 
of my head. ... Don’t leave your whistling, which used to cheer 
meso much. I frequently listen to it here, tho’ far from you.” 
In later years, Lowell often recalled how, on his daily return from 
school, he used to whistle as he came near home, to announce 
his coming to his mother, who seldom failed to be sitting at her 
window to welcome him. 


1837] TO W. H. SHACKFORD 13 


When ’neath thy shade we played about 
In careless infancy. 


3 
Then, too, in boyhood’s prouder* day, 
Rocked on thy limbs to rest, 
We’ve listened to the song-bird’s lay, 
Or watched him build his nest. 


4 
Thou still the same thy trunk dost rear, 
Thy mossclad boughs dost wave; 
While we are changing every year, 
And hasting to the grave. 


If you can’t read it, ’tis not much lost. 


Your affectionate friend, 
jes aed Be 


TO W. H. SHACKFORD 
Cambridge, Feb. 26, 1837. 

My dear Shack,— . . . Since I wrote to you (not last) I 
was chosen into the Hasty Pudding Club. At the very 
first meeting I attended I was chosen secretary, which 
is considered the most honorable office in the club, as 
the records are kept in verse (sznd, I do not say poetry). 
This first brought my rhyming powers into notice, and 
since that I have been chosen to deliver the next anni- 
versary poem by a vote of twenty out of twenty-four. 
En passant, the honors seem to thicken around my ex- 
alted head lately, for I received a very respectful note 
from Mr. Amos Binney, to act as one of the marshals 


* « Prouder ”’ because, no longer in the trammels of petticoats, 
we “strutted superior” in a jacket and trousers. 


I4 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


at the ordination of Mr. Bartol, who is to be ordained 
colleague of the Rev. Charles Lowell, D.D. ... on 
Wednesday next, 1st of March. Think of that! 

I thought your brother Charles was studying law. I 
intend to study that myself, and probably shall be Chief 
Justice ot the; United states ain 

Your very affectionate and true friend, 
Aa oui 


TO G. B. LORING. 
Cambridge, Wednesday, April 5, 1837. 

Dear George,— ... This day, the very first of the 
vacation (a word which rings merrily in the ears of 
many on account of the relief it brings from study)—on 
this day, 1 say, have I, erst the most incorrigible of 
time’s fritterers, learned (or rather read, for it is very 
easy) twenty (!) pages in Cicero and eight chapters in 
Herodotus, and all this of my own accord, and it is not 
yet three o’clock. 

Truly, as you say, “the leopard as changed his spots 
and the Ethiopian his skin”! I would not have be- 
lieved it myself a year ago, but we grow wiser as we 
grow older, and not a day passes that does not add its 
share to our stock of wisdom and experience. For my 
own part I can say with Socrates, ynpdoxw & ales mroAnra 
didacKkopuevos, or better by a little alteration, 71Bacxea, 
etc.—if that may be a true Greek word, and I think it 
is. 

Well, I suppose you are at home,“ sweet, sweet home !” 
So am I, and it does my heart good. AsIrun about over 
the same familiar spots which I trod in joyous, careless 


1837] TO G. B. LORING Is 


infancy, my heart leaps again, and the innocent days of 
my childhood come over me like a dream. ‘ Oh, it 
sickens the heart” to be long from “home”; but it 
softens it, and even in the moss-grown trees we 


“Meet at each step a friend’s familiar face!” 
* * * * * 

“While long neglected, but at length caress’d, 
His faithful dog salutes the welcome guest, 
Points to the master’s eyes (where’er they roam) 
fis wistful face, and whines a welcome home.” 

CAMPBELL, 


“Mark yon old mansion frowning through the trees, 
Whose hollow turret woos the whistling breeze. 
That casement, arch’d with ivy’s brownest shade, 
First to these eyes the light of heaven convey’d !” 
ROGERS. 


Excuse my making such long quotations—but they are 
so much, so infinitely, superior to anything J could say, 
that they excuse themselves. Then, too, 


“ As through the garden’s desert paths I rove, 
What fond illusions swarm in every grove! 
Childhood’s loved group revisits every scene, 
The tangled woodwalk and the tufted green !” 

ROGERS, 


How exactly do these descriptions suit with my present 
situation! ‘Old mansion,” “ desert walks,” everything! 

To revisit the home of one’s childhood has much of 
joy, but it is a joy mingled with sadness. To think how 
soon those flowers that have bloomed, those fields that 


16 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


have smiled, and those trees that have so often arrayed 
themselves “in summer’s garb” for-you, may bloom 
and smile and array themselves for another ! 

You may think me a fool to talk in such a moralizing 
strain, but, George, I have lately talked less and thought 
more. I mean to read next term, if possible, a chapter 
in my Bible every night. Indeed, I mean to this vaca- 
tion. ‘Be wise ¢o-day, ’tis madness to defer,” and it is 
an old Spanish proverb, that “hell is paved with good 
intentions.” A propos, intend to satirize in my poem 
those foo/s that are ambitious of appearing to despise 
religion, etc.— ¢hzs, I think, you would not blame as 
“personality.” £2 passant, “impersonation ”’ is called by 
Stuart and Whately one of the greatest of the poet’s 
powers, and the most peculiar to him. 

I am seated before a fireplace big enough to live in, 
with a good soft-coal fire in a standing grate, in a chair 
the fac-simile of the one at my room. Speaking of the 
chair at my room puts me in mind of again, and 
he puts me in mind of a line in the ‘“ Bard of Avon,” or 
“Swan of Avon,” uz placeat, 


“A goodly apple, rotten at the core”; 


and filling out the couplet by a line of my own 
(though it be presumption to add to Shakespeare), it 
would read thus, 


“A goodly apple, rotten at the core,” 
A handsome fellow, but a deuced bore! 


"Tis pity his penetrating qualities were not as great in 
one sense as they are in the other. Truly, as Cicero 


1873] TO G. B. LORING 17 


says of Q. Fabius Maximus (Cunctator), who can tell, 
“quae scientia juris augurzz,” belongs to bas 


Your most affectionate friend, 
James RussELL LOWELL. 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, I don’t know the date. 
[April 10, 1837.] 

Dear George,— . . . I have written about an hundred 
lines of my poem (?), and I suspect it is going to be a 
pretty good one. AZ least, some parts of it will z¢ake. 
‘Tis a pretty good subject, but I find it enlarging as I 
progress. ‘Crescit eundo,” like the balls of snow we 
used to roll when we were boys. By the way, that’s not 
a bad simile. I might alter it into an avalanche and 
bring it into the poem, in which I intend to say how 
much beyond me the subject is. . . 

I am as busy as a bee—almost. I study and read 
and write all the time. 

I have laid my hands on a very pretty edition of 
Cowper, which I intend to keep. In two volumes. 

I have also “ pinned” some letters relating to myself 
in my early childhood, by which it seems I was a miracle 
of a boy for sweetness of temper. ‘“‘ Credite posteri”! 
I believe I was, although perhaps you would not think 
it ow. 

George, you are in a very dangerous situation. Sur- 
rounded as you are by temptations, with Miss K 
your next-door neighbor, and the eyes of Miss H 
blazing across but a small meadow, you cannot be too 
careful of yourself. You may trust my advice, for, in 

2 


18 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


common with Petrarch, Dante, Tasso, and Byron, I was 
desperately in love before I was ten years old. What 
pangs I have suffered my own heart, perhaps, only 
knows... .« 
Your most affectionate friend, 
LOWELL. 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, April 14, 1837. 

. .. You can’t imagine how delightful it is out here. 
The greatest multitude of birds of every description 
that I ever recollect to have seen. The grass is fast 
growing green under the kind sun of spring—that is, in 
southerly aspects. Every day that the sun shines I 
take my book and go out to a bank in our garden, and 
lie and read. ‘Tis almost as pleasant as 


“To sit on rocks, to muse o’er flood and fell.” 


This afternoon I read through Beattie’s “ Minstrel,” 
which I never read carefully before. It does not seem 
to me in most parts to possess fire enough—you can’t 
see the “kindling touch” of genius in it. I like the po- 
etry that sends a sort of a cold thrill through one (not 
an unpleasant one), and brings tears into one’s eyes. 
Such to me are some parts of Byron and Campbell. ... 

The gooseberry bushes are beginning to leaf out. 
Though this is not the season to admire the 


“Pomp of woods, and garniture of fields,” 


yet I think ’tis one of the most delightful seasons of the 
year. The birds now sing loudest, and the fowling- 


1837] TO W. H. SHACKFORD 19 


piece breaks “the quiet of the scene”’ less often than at 
any other time. Besides, ’tis beautiful to watch the dif- 
ferent steps of Nature’s toilet as she arrays herself in the 
flowery dress of spring. It almost seems as if one could 
see the grass grow green. Then, too, the sky is so clear! 

I keep my journal a/most as diligently as you can 
yours. But I have less time for it than you. However, 
we shall both have something to read when we meet 
again, when you come back to this “infernal hole,” as 
you politely style it. To me’tis not an “infernal hole,” 
I can tell you. It is my birthplace, the “home of my 
childhood,” and to me its fields are full as green and its 
woods as sombre as any in “less privileged earth.” 
Show me a place so sweet as that most delightful of 
spots, “sweet Auburn”?! Match me Fresh Pond! Your 
great fish-kettle is nothing to it! Show me any elms 
like the Cambridge ones! why, they’re celebrated! their 
“fama volat, crescitque eundo.” 

I have been reading “The Doctor,” among other 
things, lately. ‘Tis a capital book for a man to read 
who wishes to obtain a superficial knowledge of a great 
many subjects at an easy rate. No, I don’t mean to say, 
“to obtain,’ but to show off an apparent knowledge. 
I don’t mean to say that the subjects treated of are 
touched on superficially, except in as much as is nec- 
essary from the nature of the work... . 


TO) W..HasHACKKORD 
é Elmwood, Cambridge, July 22, 1837. 
My dear Shack,— ... My poem went off very well 
indeed, and, I hear, was very generally satisfactory. 


20 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL . [1837 


President Quincy said afterwards to one of my class 
that the performances were “ highly creditable.” 

I have been chosen, with others, to preside over the 
destinies of Harvardiana* during the ensuing year. 
This was somewhat flattering to my vanity considering 
that I’m one of the youngest in my class. . . 

. . . Shack, pity me! I am in love—and have been so 
for some time, hopelessly in love. Perhaps you know 
how to pity me. . 


Your affectionate friend, 
Bas Saat 6: 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Aug. 14, 1837. 

My dear Friend,— .. . I have just returned from an 
excursion into the country, where I have been engaged 
shooting and fishing and going through the usual rou- 
tine of country amusements. But I am glad to get 
home again. ... 

. .. To-day it is clearing up, and we shall have a speci- 
men of our pleasant weather, which is as delightful as 
any in the world—as Whittier says (and I shall always 
like him the better for “sticking up” for o/d New Eng- 
land), 


“My own green land forever!” 


Yankee-land, after all, is no place to be sneezed at, 
especially when ’tis one’s birthplace. Hath not Mont- 
gomery said, 


“There is a land of ev’ry land the pride, 
Beloved of Heaven o’er all the earth beside’? 


* The college magazine of that date. 


1837] TO G. B. LORING 21 


and something else too, which I can’t recall, about a 
spot in that land? And what are they—that land and 
that spot? 


“That land thy country, and that spot thy home!” 


Shack, how well I remember the first time I ever saw 
you “to speak to.’’ You were a haughty (not by nature, 
but rank) Senior, I an humble Freshman, too proud to 
wear a jacket and afraid to wear a coat! You spoke to 
me kindly—how astonished I was! In my bashfulness 
I had always considered the Seniors as a superior race. 
But now I saw that, like Southey’s “ Ereenia,” they could 
stoop to love a mortal. You were the first Senior I ever 
visited, and, if you recollect, it was no easy task to 
induce me to visit you, and then I did it stealthily 
“Eheu! jam satis!’ methinks I hear you exclaim, but 
they are (those days of Freshmanic innocence) 


“A something glittering in the sun 
For mem’ry to look back upon!” ... 


TO G. B. LORING 


Elmwood, Cambridge, 
Wednesday, Aug. 23, 1837. 
I 
I tak’ my pen in hand, dear Lorin,’ 
To write—tho’ I’m afraid o’ borin’ 
A chiel wha a’ his time is porin’ 
Owre™ grave design, 

Wi’ gems his mem’ry’s pockets storin’ 

| Frae learning’s mine. 


* “ Owre’’—O’er. 


22 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


2 


Yet, as I ane day hope to climb 
Thro’ some sma’ chink to realms o’ rhyme, 
I trust ye winna think’t a crime 
If I scrawl verse, 
But say I might hae wasted time 
In writin’ worse.* 


3 


Besides, I’m readin’ Burns the poet, 
And, as I wish’d to let you know it, 
I thought the brawest gate to show it 
An’ mak’ ye smile, 
Wad be (tho’ far I fa’ below it) 
To try his style. 


4 
Having set Pegasus agoin’, 
Wi’ weel-nibb’d pen, and’ ink aflowin’ 
While yet my rhymin’-fit is growin’, 
IseT stick it out, 
An’ let ye ken in stanzas glowin’ 
What I’m about. 


5 


At present, then, your friend’s reposin’ 

Upon a couch, his een half-closin.’ 

Sma’, common minds wad think him dozin’ 
Or aiblins fou,t 

While a’ the time he’s fast composin’ 
These lines to you. 


*Quaere. ‘In writin’ werse,” as Sam Veller says (?) thus—“ I 
might hae wasted time In writn’ werse’’—scil. verse. 

+ “Ise” —I will—I’ll. 

t “ Aiblins ”"—Anglice, perhaps. ‘ Fou ”’—corned. 


1837] TO G. B. LORING 23 


6 


You must excuse this ramblin’ letter ; 

Upon my word I canna better, 

For luve to thought’s an awfu’ fetter 
As e’er was seen, 

An’ ’twas but late yestreen I met her 
And—ah! those een! 


7 


Those liquid een o’ winsome blue 
(Like sparklin’ draps o’ heav’n’s ain dew), 
Those modest cheeks o’ changin’ hue, 
Are aye before me; 
Where’er I turn they meet my view 
An’ hover owre me! 


8 


To think o’ her an’ naething but her 

Puts my puir heart in sic a flutter 

That, troth! at last I canna utter 
Ae* thing aright, 

An’ aften scarce escape the gutter 
In braid daylight! 


9 
Fw’ aft I’ve talk’d o’ laughin’ girls 
An’ sparklin’ een and auburn curls 
An’ smiles disclosin’ rows o’ pearls, 
Wi mickle glee— 
But she, alas! my heartstrings dirls T 
In spite o’ me! 


* « Ae’’__ One, in contradistinction to “Ane,” which is used 
as in ‘“ Any one,” “ One says,” etc. 
+ “ Dirls ’—causes to flutter. 


24 


LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


Io 


Na, ne’er till now I’ve felt the sway 
Of een that mock pure Hesper’s ray, 
An’ voice as sweet as when in May 
The playfw’ breeze 
Sighs aft as if it fain wad stay 
Amid the trees. 


II 
10 o'clock P.M, 


Geordie, while I was up here writin’, 

This letter dull to you inditin’ 

(Duty with Inclination fightin’ 
Tovkeep me to sit), 

For rhymes my harmless goosequill bitin,’ 
I never knew it! 


12 


“Knew what?” you cry, “as I’m a sinner 

You know perhaps—I’m sure I dinna!” 

Why, Geordie, as I hope to win her, 
While I sat here 

She had come down to stay to dinner! 
Wasna /¢haf queer? * 


13 
How ilka word o’ hers I drank 
(You will not blame me if I’m frank)! 
How ilka slightest movement sank 
Deep in my breast! 
Methought this earth were a’ a blank, 
By her unblest. 


* Now she is gone my spirits, alas! have fled with her, as you 
may see by the dulness of my versification. 


1837] 


TO G. B. LORING 


14 
Oh! had I but ae lock o’ hair 
That now sae fondly nestles there, 
Just peepin’ out (her smiles to share) 
Frae ’neath her bonnet, 
For a’ life’s ills I wadna care 
While gazin’ on it! 


15 
The fact is, Geordie, I’m a fule, 
Tho’ nat accordin’ t’ony rule 
(As ’tis wi’ some) drumm’d in at schule 
By dint o’ thrashin’, 
But worse—I’m Cupid’s veriest tool, 
The slave o’ passion. 


16 


Yet, walkin’ wi’ her for a mile, 
Hearin’ her words, winnin’ her smile, 
Feelin’ the force o’ young luve’s wile 
In ilka dimple— 
Is quite eneugh the sense to rile 
O’ wise or simple. 


17 
Dear frien’, I charge ye ance for all 
Keep out o’ sight this silly scrawl, 
Or may auld Clootie* on ye fall 
_ W?’ awfu’ scratches, 
An’ roast ye in infernal hall 
Wi’ brunstane matches! 


* “ Auld Clootie’”"—the Deil—Old Nick. 


25 


26 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1837 


18 


May wee imps haunt your restless sleep, 
An’ when frae ’neath the claithes ye peep, 
Wi’ grinning face upon ye leap, 

An’ sair torment ye, 
Because ye didna secret keep 

The rhymes I sent ye. 


19 
Or, warse than a’, may certain lasses 
Cut faithless Geordie as he passes, 
An’ sternly eye wi’ quizzin’-glasses 
The luckless swain, 
An’ smilin’ walk wi’ stupid asses 
To gie him pain! 


Dear Geordie I end—TI trust you are well, 
And send the best wishes of 


Yours, TR 


Lowell did not find the regular discipline and required 
studies of the college course suited to his taste. Other 
interests were more to him than those of the recitation- 
room. Required by the system of instruction which 
then prevailed to pursue certain studies for which he 
had no bent, with excusable boyish folly he asserted 
his independence by neglecting the set lesson, often 
substituting for it something of more worth intrinsi- 
cally and for himself. But this negligence, persisted 
in, in spite of the remonstrance of friends, brought 
him finally under college discipline, and in the early 
summer of 1838 he was suspended for a period of 
several months, and was sent to Concord to carry 


1838] TO G. B, LORING 27 


on his studies under the charge of the minister of the 
town. 

The self-reproach for the pain inflicted on his parents 
by his conduct, and the recognition of his own self-indul- 
gence, were not embittered by the sense of any serious 
moral delinquency. The seclusion and tranquillity of 
Concord gave him opportunity for reflection. 

He found Concord dull. ‘It appears a pretty decent 
sort of place,’ he wrote, ‘‘but I’ve no patience with it. 
I’m homesick and all that sort of thing.” He was not 
yet prepared to know Emerson, who might have helped 
him; but he had been bred in an atmosphere of con- 
servatism in matters of the intellect and the spirit, and 
he shared in the then common aversion to Emerson’s 
teaching. 

In one of his letters he says: “I feel like a fool. 
I must go down and see Emerson, and if he doesn’t 
make me feel more like one, it won’t be for want of 
sympathy. He is a good-natured man in spite of his 
doctrines.” 

Of another Concord celebrity he wrote: “I met 
Thoreau last night, and it is exquisitely amusing to see 
how he imitates Emerson’s tone and manner. With my 
eyes shut, I shouldn’t know them apart.” 


TO G. B. LORING 
Concord(ia discors), July 8, 1838. 
... Everybody almost is calling me “indolent,” “blind 
dependent on my own powers” and “on fate.” Damn 
everybody! since everybody damns me. Everybody 
seems to see but one side of ‘my character, and that the 


A he) LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1838 


worst. As for my dependence on my own powers, 'tis 
all fudge. As for fate, I believe that in every man’s 
breast are the stars of his fortune, which, if he choose, 
he may rule as easily as does the child the mimic con- 
stellations in the orrery he plays with. I acknowledge, 
too, that I have been something of a dreamer, and have 
sacrificed, perchance, too assiduously on that altar to the 
“unknown God,” which the Divinity has builded not 
with hands in the bosom of every decent man, some- 
times blazing out clear with flame (like Abel’s sacri- 
fice) heaven-seeking ; sometimes smothered with green- 
wood and earthward, like that of Cain. Lazy quotha! 
I haven’t dug, ’tis true, but I have done as well, and 
“since my free soul was mistress of her choice, and 
could of dooks distinguish her election,’ I have chosen 
what reading I pleased and what friends I pleased, some- 
times scholars and sometimes not.’ I don’t care that my 
companions should be able to calculate the sine and co- 
sine of every step they take to serve a friend—not I. 


rue, 
“T have dreamed uncounted hours 


The visions that arise without a sleep,” 


careless if the wise did shake their divine heads (or. 
divining) and say, 

“Of such materials wretched men are made.” 
And up here at this infernal Concord I shall continue 


to, for I am lonely, and must live in the past and fut- 
fe. (a isscrue, 


“‘T deserved to feel wretched and lonely,” 


1838] TO G. B, LORING 29 


but that makes no differ; besides, Divine Will says or 
sings that man is a two-legged creature that looks be- 
fore and behind, and Divine Will is a better judge of 
character than I. These moonlight nights I spend most- 
ly in walking, and I don’t know a prettier scene than the 
two bridges and the hills by the river side. One longs 
to jump in, like Pewit in the German popular tales, and 
go to Elfland after the sheep which so excited the envy 
of his neighbors. How wags the world down in Cam- 
bridge? It'll be a long while before I walk the “ banks 
of Cam,” or take shelter from the sun znter stlvas Acade- 
mie. ‘Inter silvas academiz quaerere verum!’ True, 
'tis mostly seeking, for few ever find it. Poor Truth 
dodges about among the trees and tries not to be 
caught. How many fools, like stout old Sir Walter 
Rawley, go hunting after an intellectual El Dorado, and 
bring home naught but yellow (sand) gold-seeming dust! 
I’ve almost a mind to turn idealist, and believe with 
Emerson that “this world is all a fleeting show, for 
man’s delusion given.” ... 


TO THE SAME 
“Concord(ia Discors”), July 12, 1838. 
... Many a man goes about this goodly world (for it 
is a damned goodly one) whose inner garment of intel- 
lect might have blushed beside the worst of the two 
shirts in Falstaff’s regiment ; yet he conceals it deftly by 
buttoning himself up tightly, yea, almost impenetrably, 
in a good, stout, borrowed overcoat of other men’s ideas! 
Or, to make a more poetical illustration, many a man 
looks wise by reflecting the wisdom of another, even as 


30 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1838 


a stream, shallow in itself, seems, by reflecting a cloud, 
as deep as the cloud is high. 


TO THE SAME 
Aug. 9, 1838. 


I have been reading the first volume of Carlyle’s “ Mis- 
cellanies”’ [then recently published]. One article, that 
on Burns, is worth all the rest tome. I like, too, the one 
on German Playwrights. There are fine passages in all. 


One of Lowell’s occupations during his stay at Con- 
cord was the writing of his “ Class Poem’’—the poem 
to be read on Class Day, the closing day of college life. 
His suspension extended over the day itself, so that he 
was not allowed to read the poem to his classmates, but 
it was printed for their use, and the little pamphlet, his 
first independently printed production, has become one 
of the desiderata of bibliomaniacs. As a poem it is per- 
haps above the general level of such performances; but 
though it gives evidence of literary talent, it shows that 
its writer was untouched by the new intellectual spirit, 
of which Emerson’s was the clearest voice, as well as 
by the ferment in the conscience of New England, mani- 
fest chiefly in the self-sacrificing zeal of Garrison and 
the Abolitionists. Lowell was not yet among the 
“Transcendentalists.” In the autumn, having received 
his bachelor’s degree with his classmates, he returned 
to his home in Cambridge. 


TO G. B. LORING 
Elmwood, Sept. 22, 1838. 
.. » No man ought to be a minister who has not a 


1838] TO G. B. LORING ar 


special calling that way. I don’t mean an old-fashioned 
special calling, with winged angels and fat-bottomed 
cherubs, but an inward one. In fact, I think that no 
man ought to be a minister who has not money enough 
to support him besides his salary. For the minister of 
God should not be thinking of his own and children’s 
bread when dispensing the bread of life. I have been 
led to reflect seriously on the subject since I have 
thought of going into the Divinity School. Some men 
were made for peacemakers and others for shoemakers, 
and if each man follow his nose we shall all come out 
right at last. If I did not think that I should some day 
make a great fool of myself and marry (not that I would 
call 2/7 men fools who marry), I would enter the School 
to-morrow. Certain am I that it is not pleasant to work 
for a living anyway, but “we youth” must live, and 
verily this “money” is a very good thing, though on 
that account we need not fall down and worship it. 
The very cent on which my eye now rests may have 
done a great deal of good in its day: perhaps it has 
made glad the heart of the widow, and put a morsel of 
bread in the famishing mouths of her children; and per- 
haps it has created much misery: perhaps some now 
determined gambler began his career of sin by playing 
chuck-farthing with that very piece of stamped copper, 
etc. ..- 
Alas! I don’t feel as if I ought to have any time 
now “vacare Musis.”” And yet I hardly like to bid the 
“ swate deludering cratures”’ farewell. A plan has been 
running in my head for some time, of writing a sort of 
dramatic poem on the subject of Cromwell. Those old 


ag LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1838 


Roundheads have never had justice done them. They 
have only been held up as canting, psalm-singing, hypo- 
critical rascals; as a sort of a foil for the open-hearted 
Cavalier. But it were a strange thing indeed if there 
were not somewhat in such men as Milton, Sidney, 
Hampden, Selden, and Pym. It always struck me that 
there was more true poetry in those old fiery-eyed, buff- 
belted warriors, with their deep, holy enthusiasm for 
liberty and democracy, political and religious ; with their 
glorious trust in the arm of the Lord in battle—than in 
the dashing, ranting Cavaliers, who wished to restore 
their king that they might give vent to their passions, 
and go to sleep again in the laps of their mistresses, 
deaf to the cries of the poor and the oppressed... . 


TO THE SAME 
‘Elmwood, Oct. 11, 1838. 
I am reading Blackstone with as good a grace and as 
few wry faces as I may. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Oct., 1838. 

... Avery great change has come o’er the spirit of 
my dream of life. I have renounced the law. I am 
going to settle down into a business man at last, after 
all I have said to the contrary. Farewell, a long fare- 
well to all my greatness! I find that I cannot bring my- 
self to like the law, and I am now looking out for a place 
“in a store.’ You may imagine that all this has not 
come to pass without a great struggle. I must expect 
to give up almost entirely all literary pursuits, and in- 


1838] TO G, B, LORING 33 


stead of making rhymes devote myself to making money. 
If I thought it possible that I ever could love the law 
(one can’t make a lawyer without it) I wouldn't hesitate 
a moment, but I am confident that I shall never be able 
even to be on speaking terms with it. 

I have been thinking seriously of the ministry, but 
then—I have also thought of medicine, but then—still 
worse hi i40 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Nov. 8, 1838. 
ea Monday last I went into town to look out fora 
place, and was induced ez passant to step into the United 
States Court, where there was a case pending, in which 
Webster was one of the counsel retained. I had not 
been there an hour before I determined to continue in 
my profession and study as well as I could. 


Nov. 15. 

. . . The elections in our town have been going on for 
the last three days, resulting in no choice; so that the 
goodly, venerable, and literary town of Cambridge is 
very likely to go unrepresented in the next session 
of the General Court. I shall vote as soon as I come 
of age, which will be by the next election but one. I 
shouldn’t wonder if the peaceable young gentleman 
whom you knew in college flared up into a great polit- 
ical luminary. I am fast becoming ultra-democratic, and 
when I come up to see you, which I trust will be very 
soon, I intend to inoculate you with the (I won’t call it 
by the technical term of “virus,” because that’s too hard 
a word, but with the) principle. I live in confident ex- 


3 


34 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1838 ~ 


pectation of seeing that time when the people of Eng- 
land shall wake up and heave that vast incubus, which 
has full long oppressed religion, the Established Church, 
from their breast. Their slumber is already growing fit- 
ful and uneasy, and when they wake—“ woe, woe to the 
riders that trample them down!” Liberty is now no 
longer a cant word in the mouths of knaves and fools; 
too long have poets sung and heroes bled, too long have 
poor, paltry zenes fatuz decoyed enthusiasts into quag- 
mires. 

By the very last accounts from England, immense 
meetings had been held in all parts of England to peti- 
tion Parliament for an equal representation. At Man- 
chester Ebenezer Elliott, of whom you must have heard, 
a man of true genius, “the poor man’s poet,” was chair- 
man of a meeting where three hundred thousand were 
said to have been present! When such a meeting was 
held there once before they were fired upon by the 
troops, but now they were afraid to send the soldiers 
among the people for fear of desertion. Mark that. 
There is a great and pregnant change ominous of much. 
It almost brings tears into my eyes when I think of this 
vast multitude starved, trampled upon, meeting to fezz- 
tion the government which oppressed them, and which 
they supported by taxes wrung out of the very children’s 
life-blood. Verily, some enthusiasts have even ventured 
to assert that there are hearts, aye, even warm ones, 
under frieze jerkins! Gude sain us! what shall we come 
to when men venture to depart so much from the creed 
of their fathers? Seriously, I think that if we live the 
life allotted to mortals we shall see the throbs of that 


1839] TO G. B. LORING 35 


heart, and see perhaps that it has good red blood like 
“our own”! 

My dear George, there is no cant in all this, nor do I 
think you will suspect me of it, for I feel it all, and there 
is a hidden virtue in truth which recommends itself ev- 
erywhere. As for the two great parties which divide 
this country, I for one dare to say that democracy does 
belong to neither of them, and certainly to neither ex- 
clusively—so I care not which whips. The Van Buren- 
ites have the stoutest lungs and shout loudly of “ Jeffer- 
sonian democracy,” but fair and softly wins the race. 
A third party, or rather no party, are secretly rising up 
in this country, whose voice will soon be heard. The 
Abolitionists are the only ones with whom I sympathize 
of the present extant parties. I’ve only written two 
verses of rhyme since I saw you... . 

Your affectionate friend, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Jan. 7, 1839. 

. .. Lsometimes think that I have it in me, and shall 
one day do somewhat; meantime I am schooling myself 
and shaping my theory of poesy. I will read you when 
we meet (I hope soon) a fragmentary essay on poetry 
which I read at an A.A.®. meeting. It has some good 
things in it. I know, George, you won’t take any such 
speeches as that last for vanity or foolishness, but as it 
was meant, an outpouring of my thoughts to a friendly 
bosom. You know me too well to think that my harm- 
less vanity (“for who would trample at my side A few 


36 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


pale buds, my garden’s pride?’’’) is too deeply ingrained 
to be ever eradicated. J even am vain enough to think 
that I have improved since we saw each other. . 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Feb. 27, 1839. 


. . . | have written a great deal of pottery lately, but 
as I am at “the office” I can only give you such scraps 
as I remember.) If you ever see ‘the \/os7, there isva 
Yankee song of mine in it this morning, beginning, “ Ye 
Yankees of the Baystate.” I will give you enough in 
my next. I have finished ‘The Dying Year,” and it is 
pretty fait. ee 

I have quitted the law forever. So much for it. 
About lecturing in Andover. Do they pay anything? 
Would they like such an abstract lecture as I should give 
them? What time should you want me? I go to Con- 
cord on the first Wednesday in March—a week from 
next Wednesday. I hope to astonish them alittle... 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Friday morning, March 9, 1839. 

... The more I think of business the more really 
unhappy do I feel, and think more and more of study- 
ing law. In your letter you speak of my lecturing in 
Andover, about which I forgot to speak to you. Do 
they pay expenses? ‘They gave me four dollars in Con- 
cord. I wish they’d take it into their heads to ask me 
at Cambridge, where they pay fifteen dollars, or in Low- 
ell, where they pay twenty-five dollars!! What to do 
with myself I don’t know. I’m afraid people will think 


1839] TO G. B. LORING 37 


me a fool if I change again, and yet I can hardly hope 
ever to be satisfied where Iam. I shouldn’t wonder if 
next Monday saw me with “Kent’s Commentaries” 
under my arm. I think I might get to take an inter- 
est in it, and then I should not fear at all about the 
HVS aici 

I am certainly just at present in a miserable state, and 
I won't live so long. 


TO THE SAME 
Counting-Room, Boston, April 29, 1839. 

... I don’t know how it is, but I sometimes actually 
need to write somewhat in verse... . 

On Sunday, my work-day in the fottery business, I 
scratched off a piece of rhyme on Allston’s picture of 
Miriam and sent it to the Advertiser, in which, if it does 
not appear, it will be lost to the world, for part of it 
was only written on the sheet I sent, and the part that 
was written in pencil has lighted my lamp or cigar long 
since. It was scarcely half an hour’s work, and therefore 
is rather an undecided [sort] of a production—written 
too fast to be either very bad or very good. There’s some 
philosophy in that last remark. The piece on “Old Age” 
I think you will like. I am vain enough to suppose 
that, after the retouching I shall give it to-night, you 
can’t help it. I trust I shall gradually get over the fault 
which belongs to all young writers, and which I should 
[describe] as having too many thoughts and too little 
thought. .If a man builds his house on a rock it will 
stand; but if on a heap of little stones, mortar will 
hardly hold it up... . When will you come down to 


38 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


visit the Allston Exhibition? If you are inclined to be 
critical in such matters, you must go alone. I can’t 
stand it. Genius is to be admired and not criticised, 
and paintings must not (as is generally the case) be 
compared to our own conception, but with other paint- 
ings. What painter (excepting perhaps Raffaelle) ever 
came near his own conception or that of any other man? 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, May 9, 1839. 


... The“ Threnodia” has made its appearance in the 
Knickerbocker, and I shall, ergo, send on another piece or 
two shortly and solicit pay for the same. The “ Thre- 
nodia”’ “is considered”’ the best piece in the number. I 
rather think that my brother Robert thought I wrote it, 
for when I was sitting in his room last night and he had 
been running down the pieces, he said that the Thren. 
was very “pretty,” using a word which he thought would 
make my auctorial feelings roll me up into a literary 
hedgehog, or, in other words, raise my dander. But I 
coolly turned to the index, read every piece till I got to 
that, and then read off the page and turned to it very 
coolly as if I had never heard of it before, and put him 
off the ‘scent.7. 1..." R. animadverted on the Urrecular 
metre of the T., but, as I think, very unphilosophically 
and without much perception of the ¢rue rules of po- 
etry. In my opinion no verse ought to be longer than 
the writer can sensibly make it. It has been this sense- 
less stretching of verses to make them octo- or deka-syl- 
labic or what not, that has brought such an abundance 
of useless epithets on the shoulders of poor English 


1839] TO G. B, LORING 39 


verse. Methinks I see poor Poesy now with an epithet 
on either shoulder (like Robinson Crusoe’s cats), cram- 
ming her fingers into her ears to shut out their pro- 
longed caterwaul. Look at this, for instance, 


“And let thy genz/e fingers fling 
Its melting murmurs o’er my ear.” 


That is not a very good instance either; I can’t recall 
any just now, though, as I walked out of town yesterday, 
a great many came to my mind. I have not written a 
line since I wrote last to you, nor do I seem to have any 
call that way at present. I have many unfinished pieces 
which I must finish when Iam in the mood... . 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, May Io, 1839. 


I was agreeably surprised by the receipt of your letter 
this morning. I approve highly of your homily, and 
shall not [get] myself into such a scrape as poor Gil Blas 
did by attempting to criticise it. ... The dew, mine 
ancient mentor, falleth not in the aisle of the temple 
made with hands, but visiteth every little green-clad blue- 
eyed worshipper on the hill-side or in the green-wood. 
Hath not Holy Writ taught us how that Enoch “ walked 
with God”? And who are they that in our day walk in 
this holy wise? I fear me that those who walk unto 
the earthly temple walk with vanity, ostentation, and 
sinful lust oftentimes rather than with God. 


What is religion? ’Tis to go 
' To church one day in seven, 
And think that we, of all men, know 
The only way to heaven. 


40 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


But he that hath found, as the holy apostle did at 
Athens of the heathens, an altar to the unknown God in 
his heart, and who in a spirit of love and wonder offer- 
eth up acceptable offerings thereupon in the Temple of 
Nature, doth not he, of the twain, walk with God? 


“To him 
The morning stars are vocal as of old, 
And sing each day the birthday of a world, 
A world of love and beauty. Yea, old ocean 
Doth find a voice, and forests sing aloud.” 


In that fine old poet Herbert are as good arguments— 
the more pleasing for their quaintness—for church-going 
as are to be found anywhere. I remember one line of 
his which will be a good specimen. He says that even 
when you hear a dull preacher we should not go away 
uninstructed, for then 


“‘God takes a text and preaches patience.” 


I went last night to a concert given by the Brigade 
Band, and really heard some very fine music. They 
sometimes made a little too much noise for my taste, 
which is most decidedly for that sort of 


“Music that gentlier on the spirit lies 
Than tired eyelids over tired eyes ””»— 


as Tennyson says, more beautifully than any poet I am 
acquainted with. 

At Allston’s gallery yesterday I saw something that 
drove me almost crazy with delight. You know how 
beauty always affects me. Well, yesterday I saw the 
most beautiful creature I ever set these eyes upon. 


1839] TO G. B. LORING 41 


*Twere vain to attempt to describe her, and yet I must 
give you some faint idea of what sort of a creature she 
was. Her features were perfectly Jewish. Dark complex- 
ion, but one of those clear faces where every shade of 
feeling floats across like the shadow of a cloud across 
the grass. Eyes the largest and blackest and brightest 
and most spirit-like I ever dreamed of. Such eyes! 
They almost made me tremble. Across the room the 
outline of her eye was entirely merged in the shadows 
of her brows and the darkness of her complexion, so 
that you only saw a glory undefined and mysterious. 
Don’t dream that I am in love with her, for I am 
“to one thing constant ever ’’—and I should never think 
of aught but distantly adoring such a seraphic loveli- 
ness. Perhaps from her darkness I should call her 
better a fallen seraph—in whose face was not dark- 
ness but “excess of glory obscured,” as Milton beauti- 
fully says. She gave me more poetry than everything 
I have seen or thought this year. I must make her 
acquaintance, so that I may look into those two eyes. 
She is Southern, and is educating at Mr. Emerson’s 
school to be a school-mistress. I doubt if she remains 
so long. 

If I were to bless your vines, what think you would 
my slips of wild grape-vine say that I planted about a 
week ago? I should hear all around, “ Bless me, even 
me also, O my father!’ What a passage in the Bible 
that is! I never could and never can read it without 
tears in my eyes. Esau was the favorite to my boy- 
ish mind, and is still. I had a fellow-feeling with him, 
for he was a careless, scatter-brained, uncalculating sort 


42 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


of a fellow, in which respect some others are born into 
the world like him. | ) 
Your affectionate friend and jackass, 
HuGH PERCEVAL. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, May 20, 1839. 

Rejoice with me, for to-morrow I shall be free. With- 
out saying a word to any one, I shall quietly proceed to 
Dane Law College to recitation. Now shall I be happy 
again as far as ¢hat is concerned. 

... 1 am lazy enough and dilatory enough, Heav- 
en knows, but not half so much so as some of my 
friends suppose. At all events, I was never made for 
a merchant, and I even begin to doubt whether I was 
made for anything in particular but to loiter through 
LV Leh Se 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, June 4, 1839. 

... I begin to like the law. And therefore it is quite 

interesting. I am determined that I z7// like it and 

therefore I do. Idon’t know how to fill up this letter, 

and therefore will copy you a few thoughts which I 

threw into verse some time since, for of late I have had 
no call to write anything. 


I 


Must Love and Peace forever dwell apart, 
Holding no friendly converse in ove heart? 

As two sweet notes that sound on different keys 
Discord together, so, alas! do these. 


et ee oy | 


1839] TO G. B,. LORING 


2 
TIME AN HUSBANDMAN 


Strive not to hide the wrinkles on thy face. 

They should but add to thee more reverend grace; 
For noble fruits should follow where the plough 
Of time has dug its furrows on thy brow. 


3 
Do all in place, and all is then aright. 
Stars shun the day, but beautify the night. 


4 
CONSISTENCY 
He is a fool who would thy faith deride 
If youth’s opinions change before life’s close. 
Doth not thy shade fall on a different side 
When the sun sets than when his light first rose? 


5 
MIND’S PARADOX 
If that in trifles I take much delight 
Thou blamest me, thou doest not aright. 
Who deemeth small things are beneath his state, 
Will be too small for what is truly great. 


6 


The greatest truths may not be wholly true. 
Who would have sunshine must have shadow too. 


7 
Look not on all unsteadiness with fear, 
Nor idly wait till all things be made clear. 
Stars twinkle from the grossness of thine atmosphere. 


44 


LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


8 
Strive not for fame, but wait beneath the tree, 
And goodly fruitage will drop down to thee. 
Who shakes the bough to get it on the hour, 
Gets unripe fruit that turns his stomach sour. 


9 
On the frst cause thy mind’s eyes steadfast keep. 
Reflected stars make shallow’st pools seem deep. 


Io 


Error is not forever; hope for right. 
Darkness is not the opposite of light, 
But only absence—day will follow night. 


II 
OPINION 
If thy bark groundeth with the ebbing tide, 
Wait patiently the turning minds of men; 
Opinion’s wave full soon shall flow again, 
And proudly on its waters thou shalt ride. 


12 


Two north-lights are there in the Soul that beam, 
Truth’s steady ray and Fancy’s waving gleam. 
One shines by day, the other blesseth night. 
Scorn neither; though diverse, yet both are light. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, June 28, 1839. 


. . | found quite a treasure to-day—a small volume 


of about five hundred pages; not one of your attenuated 
modern things that seem like milk and water watered, 
but a goodly fat little fellow and full of the choicest 


1839] TO G. B. LORING 45 


dainties, viz., Hesiod, Theocritus, Bion, Moschus, and ex- 
tracts from Orpheus and some forty others, all with a 
Latin translation ad verbum._ There is some pleasure 
in reading such poets. How I do hate the modern cant 
about poetry and poets! Here is 


, ‘ creep-mouse 
to 


»’ who will tell me that some nonsensical songs 
of Goethe’s must be loved, because they set forth a feel- 
ing of his heart. Asif aman should say, “ Here’s a beau- 
tiful little piece, one which must strike a ‘responsive 
chord in every man’s breast’, or some such silly cant as 
is in vogue nowadays, and then read some such song as 
this: 

I am happy, fiddlededee ! 

The happiest man you ever did see! 

There’s no one can so happy be! 

Fiddlededido, fiddlededee ! 


I am sure that, for my single self, I always am a fool 
when I am happy, and, if I said anything, should say 
sillier things than the above song. If men had no other 
way of showing their happiness than by printing it—as 
grasshoppers and crickets can only do it by chirping— 
it would be all very well. JI am sure it would be much 
better if all our songs of joy were printed thus, and I 
have long thought so, viz., 


EinestOs a eck one Coke 


Oh 


Oh 


46 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


I am very sorry for the fate of the piece I sent to the 
Knickerbocker, for I have no other full copy of it and it 
was really worth saving. If I could get any bookseller 
to do it for me, I would publish a volume of poems. Of 
late a fancy has seized me for so doing. If it met with 
any commendation I could get paid for contributions to 
periodicals. I tried last night to write a little rhyme— 
but must wait for the moving of the waters. The nine 
goddess virgins who dance with tender feet round the 
violet-hued fountain of Hippocrene, and whose immor- 
tal voices drop sweetly from their lips, will not come to 
Meat 
Now I must stop and hear my pupil recite. 


TO THE SAME 
. Elmwood, July 22, 1839. 
... IfI live, I don’t believe I shall ever (detween you 
and me) practise law. I intend, however, to study it and 
prepare myself for practising. But a blind presentiment 
of becoming independent in some other way is always 
hovering round me. Above all things should I love to 
be able to sit down and do something literary for the 
rest of my natural life. If I don’t marry—and I hardly 
think I shall—it will take but little to support me, and 
when I wanted a decent dinner I could go to one of my 
opulent friends—Dr. Loring, or some other. ... 


TO THE SAME 

Elmwood, Aug. 4, 1839. 
... Since I talked with you when you were here I 
have wondered whether you believed in the divine in- 


1839] TO C. U. SKATES 47 


spiration of the old Hebrew prophets. Do you? I 
don’t. I once thought it an argument in their favor 
that, in all the world, there has not, before or since, been 
any writing that compared with theirs in poetic sublim- 
ity. Now that I am older, this very thing seems to me 
against them. I think that if you compare it with that 
of our Saviour (whose inspiration I would be more will- 
ing to admit), you will perceive my meaning. zs, you 
will notice, is prose ; thezrs poetic sublimity—and herein 
lies the difference between zuspzration, or perception of 


real truth, and exthustasm, or longing after ideal truth. 
# % % % % 


George, before I die your heart shall be gladdened by 
seeing your wayward, vain, and too often selfish friend 
do something that shall make his name honored. As 
Sheridan once said, “It’s zz me, and” (we'll skip the 
oath) “it shall come out /” 


LOCO UU ORA LES 
Cambridge, Sept., 1839. 

My dear Charles,—I am glad to see a more punctual 
answer to my last epistle than has heretofore been your 
wont. I sit down to answer your last with Time’s warn- 
ing finger pointing nigh upon the dead waste and mid- 
dle of the night. Business first. Do you suppose that 
a package put on board the Charleston packet and di- 
rected to you as usual would come to hand? For if I 
happen to have some cash anywhere within a reasonable 
time, I intend to cheer your exile by sending you the 
third and fourth volumes of Carlyle’s ‘“ Miscellanies,” 
which have been published here. 


48 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


I should love to be with you listening to the melan- 
choly voice of your friends (remember me to them) the 
breakers. Here I have no suchcompany. But the wind 
that comes from the sea has not forgotten their voices, 
and sings fine songs for me through the branches of the 
pine-grove under my window. 

I begin to like the law; but I shall let my fate be 
governed by circumstance and influence. There are 
those who would have a man act out himself ; it is very 
much a dispute about words. For is not this acting out 
ourselves, a man giving its due weight to every influence? 
A man should not only regard what is zz him, but also 
what is wzthout acting on that within. Evermore are 
these little circumstances busily at work building up 
their tiny coral stems in the heaving ocean of time, 
round which the ever-floating driftwood of opinion shall 
cling, till, in the next cycle, they become green islands, 
the abode of men like ourselves. Oh, for an hour’s talk 
and smoke with you! I have so much to say that would 
stare at you cold and meaningless from paper. But 
smoking is not what it once was. Weep with me, friend 
of my bosom, on the degeneracy of cigars! Man and 
cigars decline together. Synopsis as follows: Chap. Ist. 
General view, with an attempt to trace the fate of man 
to some connection with the subject—probability of suc- 
cess from the fact that all inquiries into the matter end 
in smoke. Chap. 2d shows that as cigars grow to draw 
less easily, so it is with men who grow restive in drawing 
the Car of State; hence we may account for the French 
Revolution. Chap. 3d. The filling of cigars now be- 
lies the wrapper. So with men: they have a very well- 


1839] TO G. B. LORING 49 


seeming outside of learning or ideas, but are not so well 
filled as of yore; if we look deep we will find but cab- 
bage leaves, etc., etc. 

Your letters and crabbed characters bring back many 
thronging recollections to me. Do you remember that 
night, most of which we spent in the burying-ground 
striving to raise ghosts? Truly, life were undesirable if 
we had not the power of looking behind as well as be- 
fore us—and Pluto imposed hard conditions on Orpheus 
in that he forbade him to do so. Mournfully as [echoed] 
the far-heard backward footsteps of Eurydice, do those 
of departing memories echo through the chambers of 


our hearts. 
% * * * % 


Write soon and remember your ever 
Affectionate friend, J. R. Lowett. 


TO G. B. LORING 
Cambridge, Sept. 18, 1839. 

... Among other plans that have been fermenting in 
my brain is one of writing a tale founded on the idea of 
a man’s having the power given him of seeing into the 
minds of other men and women, as Asmodeus did into 
their houses. Whether it will ever come to anything I 
know not. Another plan I have is that of writing a se- 
ries of communications for some periodicals, in the form 
of Eckermann and Boswell:—imaginary conversations 
with an imaginary great man, in which I can put down 
anything and everything of worth that occurs to me in 
the course of the day. 

There is a camp-meeting in operation over at Brook. 

4. 


iste) LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1839 


line, on the borders of the lake. Truly a glorious place 
to make men worship God—perhaps even without the 
aid of acamp-meeting! I rode by the place last night, 
and what do you think I saw? An empty reed shaken 
by the wind of hypocrisy or fanaticism? No! a party of 
eight or ten gamblers busily employed round a little ta- 
ble beneath the trees by the light of lamps or lanterns— 
a scene worthy of Rembrandt, who painted with a brush 
dipped in darkness, with a gleam as of hell-fire cast on 
his canvas by way of light. Well, whatever others were 
doing, this little band were toiling in their vocation. 
Truly, the good old Latimer was right when he said, 
in his honest way, that the devil was the faithfullest of 
bishops, going up and down continually in his diocese, 
and distraining for rent when his parishioners were on 
their death-beds, and that not for ¢7¢hes merely, but for 
the whole of his debtor’s eternal substance. His dioce- 
sans, too, are no whit less zealous than he. I enter- 
tain a high respect for you, O Sathanas! Ten like thee 
would have saved Sodom and Gomorrah, hapless cities of 
the plain ! 
“T’m laith to think o’ yon grim den, 
E’en for your sake!” 

Verily, I see you now in the shape of a great black bell- 
wether, leading the sheep away from the fold and the 
good Shepherd. And are you looking over my shoul- 
der even at this moment, auld Hornie? I doubt. For 
methinks such a heavenly moon and quiet stars as these 
were enough to drive Sin back to hell again, or at least 
to give you some such pang as [you felt] when the rapt 
Milton, sitting on the bank of 


1839] TO G. B. LORING 51 


** Siloah’s brook, 
That flowed fast by the oracle of God,” 


saw you looking at the happy dwellers in Eden. Ah, 
my old boy, stick your nose into my business, and 
you ll be [sorry] that St. Dunstan’s fiery tongs left any- 
thing for me to grasp! JOR ES 


TO THE SAME 
Bate Court, Dec. 2, 1839. 

... 1 went up to Watertown on Saturday with W. A. 
White, and spent the Sabbath with him. You ought to 
see his father! The most perfect specimen of a bluff, 
honest, hospitable country squire you can possibly im- 
agine. His mother, too, is a very pleasant woman—a 
sister of Mrs. Gilman. His sister* is a very pleasant and 
pleasing young lady, and knows more poetry than any 
one I am acquainted with. I mean, she is able to repeat 
more. She is more familiar, however, with modern poets 
than with the pure wellsprings of English poesy. 


* Miss Maria White, afterwards Mrs. Lowell. 


II 
1840-1849 


ENGAGEMENT TO MISS WHITE.—LAW AND LETTERS.—WRITING 
FOR THE MAGAZINES.—‘‘ A YEAR’S LIFE,.”’—THE PIONEER. 
— “poems.” —‘* CONVERSATIONS ON SOME OF THE OLD 
POETS.’’—MARRIAGE.—CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE PENNSYLVA- 
NIA FREEMAN.—THE ANTI-SLAVERY STANDARD.—“ THE 
BIGLOW PAPERS.”’— THE ‘“‘ FABLE FOR CRITICS.”’ — “SIR 
LAUNFAL.” 


LETTERS TO GEORGE B. LORING, WILLIAM A. WHITE, CHARLES 
F. BRIGGS, MISS L. L. WHITE, H. W. LONGFELLOW, EDWARD 
M. DAVIS, SYDNEY H. GAY, CHARLES R. LOWELL, JAMES T. 
FIELDS, MRS. FRANCIS G., SHAW. * 


IN the summer of 1840 Lowell finished his studies at 
the Harvard Law School and received the degree of 
Bachelor of Laws. His profession had become of unex- 
pected importance to him, for owing to a misfortune, by 
which the greater part of his father’s personal property 
had been swept away, he had now to depend on his own 
exertions for a livelihood. Moreover, in the autumn of 
this year he became engaged to Miss Maria White, with 
the prospect of marriage indefinitely postponed until he 
should be able to support a wife. His love not only 
made him happy; it also confirmed all that was best 
in his nature, quickening his powers into full activity, 
and rapidly developing his character. Miss White was a 
woman of unusual loveliness, and of gifts of mind and 


1840] LAW AND LETTERS 53 


heart still more unusual, which enabled her to enter with 
complete sympathy into her lover’s intellectual life and 
to direct his genius to its highest aims. Younger in 
years than he, she was more mature in feeling, more dis- 
ciplined in character, and to her Lowell owed all that a 
man may owe to the woman whom he loves. She, too, 
was a poet, and her poetry was the simple expression 
of tender feeling and sympathetic perceptions, and oc- 
casionally of delicate but genuine imaginative faculty. 
She possessed also, in large measure, the culture and 
the moral enthusiasm which were characteristic of many 
of the best New England women of the time. 

For a year or two now Lowell had been a frequent 
contributor of verse, under his own name or under the 
pseudonym of Hugh Perceval, to the Kuzckerbocker Mag- 
azine, the Southern Literary Messenger, and other peri- 
odicals. Much of it was crude and tentative, but some 
of it displayed an acquaintance with nature and a spirit 
of vigorous individuality rare in the verse of youth, and 
giving assurance of better things to come. He was al- 
ready acquiring reputation as a poet of promise, and in 
the autumn of this year he determined to collect his 
poems for publication in a volume to be called“ A Year’s 
Life.” It was scarcely a judicious venture for a young 
man just about to enter on the practice of law, and to 
whom the repute of being devoted to his profession was 
important. But the true interests of his intelligence 
were not to be sacrificed to prudential considerations. 
He cared more for poetry than for law or for money. 
The little volume contained, amid much of inferior 
worth, poems which at once gave Lowell the highest 


54 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1842 


place among the younger. American poets; and the 
reader of the ‘‘ Earlier Poems” in his collected works 
will find in them the accordant prelude of the fuller 
tones of coming years. 

For the next year or two literature occupied him 
more than law, and in the autumn of 1842, in the hope 
of bettering his fortune, he undertook to start a period- 
ical, a monthly journal, with the assistance of his friend 
Mr. Robert Carter as managing editor. Mr. Carter 
was a man of varied talents and acquisitions, but with 
little more genius for money-making than his co-editor. 
The Pioneer, as the magazine was called, had a short life 
of three months, and left its luckless projectors burdened 
with a considerable debt. 

The greater part of the winter of 1842-43 was spent by 
Lowell in New York, under treatment for his eyes, which 
had been giving him trouble. Boston and New York 
were then far more widely separated in time, and per- 
haps also in spirit, than at present, and the long stay in 
the larger city was an experience of value to the young 
poet. It brought him into relations with a new set of 
men, especially men of letters of his own generation. 
He saw much of Page, the painter, who was already his 
friend; and he formed a friendship, which soon became 
intimate, with Mr. Charles F. Briggs, who, like himself, 
was seeking a precarious support from literature, and 
was one of the most active contributors to the maga- 
zines of the day. Mr. Briggs was born in Nantucket, 
and retained through life a humor racy of his native 
island. He had had an adventurous youth, but he had 
now, for some time, been acquiring reputation as a 


1843] HARRY FRANCO—NEW POEMS 55 


writer of novels, short tales, and essays. A few years 
later Lowell described him in “A Fable for Critics,” 
under the name of the hero of one of his novels: 


“There comes Harry Franco, and, as he draws near, 
You find that’s a smile which you took for a sneer; 
One half of him contradicts t’ other; his wont 
Is to say very sharp things and do very blunt; 
His manner’s as hard as his feelings are tender, 
And a sortie he’ll make when he means to surrender; 
He’s in joke half the time when he seems to be sternest, 
When he seems to be joking, be sure he’s in earnest; 
He has common sense in a way that’s uncommon, 
Hates humbug and cant, loves his friends like a woman, 
Builds his dislikes of cards and his friendships of oak, 
Loves a prejudice better than aught but a joke; 
Is half upright Quaker, half downright Comeouter ; 
Loves Freedom too well to go stark mad about her; 
Quite artless himself, is a lover of Art, 
Shuts you out of his secrets and into his heart, 
And though not a poet, yet all must admire 
In his letters of Pinto his skill on the liar.” 


In December, 1843, Lowell published his second vol- 
ume of “Poems,” dedicating it to his friend William 
Page. It contained the best of what he had written 
since “A Year’s Life’’ appeared, and gave evidence of 
the rapid ripening of his powers. But they were not 
yet at their full. The volume added to his reputation, 
and made it clear that his life was to be given to liter- 
ature rather than to law. In the course of the next 
year he was busy with a series of interesting and dis- 
cursive essays, under the title of “Conversations on 
Some of the Old Poets,” and at the end of the year they 


56 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1844 


were published in a volume which has never since been 
reprinted. The poets who served for the main subject 
of his discourse were Chaucer, Chapman, Ford, and 
other old dramatists. The book shows his moral no 
less than his intellectual growth. It is full of the poetic 
ardor of youth, and of its moral enthusiasm. The criti- 
cism is sympathetic and of wide range, and the style 
already manifests those qualities which were in time to 
win for its writer a place among the masters of English 
prose. But the book is the work of a reformer and a 
radical quite as much as of a literary critic. It has the 
lavishness of a genius conscious of its large powers and 
possessions, together with the earnestness of a charac- 
ter deepened by love, and attaining through it a serious 
sense of the duties and claims of life. 

Although the income which he could derive from his 
writing was small and precarious, it seemed sufficient. 
for modest needs, and at the end of December, 1844, 
he was married. His wife’s health was delicate, and, 
for the sake of the milder climate, they at once, upon 
their marriage, went to Philadelphia, where they spent 
the winter in lodgings. Lowell was engaged as a reg- 
ular contributor to the Pennsylvania Freeman, an anti- 
slavery weekly paper, once edited by Whittier, but then 
in charge of Mr. James Miller McKim, a man of intel- 
ligence and character, with whom it was a pleasure to 
be associated, and for whom Lowell entertained a high 
respect and warm regard. 

Returning to Elmwood in June, the following months 
were spent peacefully and happily at home. On the 
last day of the year a new joy came to him in the birth 


1846] WRITING FOR THE ‘‘ ANTI-SLAVERY STANDARD ” 57 


of a daughter. Early in the summer of 1846 he made 
an engagement to write regularly for the Aztz-Slavery 
Standard, published in New York, the organ of the 
American Anti-Slavery Society. The paper was then 
edited with great ability by Mr. Sidney Howard Gay; 
but the editor was more or less under the control of a 
committee of the Anti-Slavery Society, who at times 
made his chair an uneasy seat. It was arranged that 
Lowell was to receive a salary of five hundred dollars 
a year for a weekly contribution of prose or verse. 
These terms were modified after the first year, but his 
connection with the paper lasted till the spring of 1850, 
nearly four years. The conditions of the time were 
grave, the events stirring, and Lowell, deeply moved by 
the steady and relentless progress of the slave-power, 
poured himself out from week to week in a succession 
of poems and articles in prose of rare vigor and effect. 
Many of the poems which he contributed to the Stand- 
ard were at once widely circulated, and attained a pop- 
ularity which they have never lost. Hosea Biglow and 
Parson Wilbur transferred their contributions from the 
Boston Courter to the Standard, and became widely 
known. Here first appeared the noble poem to Gar- 
rison and that to John G. Palfrey, the fine stanzas to 
Freedom, and others of the same order; but together 
with the poems expressly directed against slavery ap- 
peared others of different nature and tone, in which 
the poet spoke more as poet and less as citizen—poems 
which revealed his inner life, such as “ Eurydice,” “The 
Parting of the Ways,” “ Beaver Brook,” and “ The First 
Snow-Fall.” 


58 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1840 


The last of these is the record of the sorrow which 
had come to him in the death of his little daughter 
Blanche, in March, 1847, and of tremulous happiness re- 
newed in the birth of a second daughter in the autumn 
of the same year. 

The wide range of Lowell’s powers and his extraor- 
dinary intellectual facility were never shown more fully 
than in 1848. In this year the first series of “The Big- 
low Papers,” with its delightful introductory matter, 
was collected and issued in a volume, while the “ Fable 


’ 


bd 


for Critics” and “ Sir Launfal” were written and pub- 


lished. 
TO G. B. LORING 
Bate Court, April 22, 1840. 
.. . Lam at present engaged in the funniest job that 


ever fell to my lot. I have written (at his earnest and 
most unescapable urging) some damnable verses for a 
North Carolina lover to send home to his mistress, who 
has once refused him! To come to me to plead a cause 
which I never could gain for myself! Of course the 
lines are miserable stuff. How could Il write them? But 
there was no getting off. They employed my energies 
in writing and copying not quite an hour, and are now 
lying under this sheet as I write. They’d Ze most dam- 
nably wherever they were. Ten as pretty nonsense verses 
as ever lover writ upon his mistress’s eyebrow (Shake- 
speare says “ mistress’ eyebrow,” but he’s wrong). Here 
is a sample— 
“The hopes that I cherished, 
Alas, they are gone! 


In the budding they perished, 
And I am alone!” 


1840] TO G. B, LORING 59 


The man for whom I wrote them is, however, as noble 
hearted a fellow as ever trod. ... 

. . . By the way, I find quite a difference between 
this and my college life. I am become quite a popular 
man, and that without money to spend or going a step 
out of my way to any one. I am on the best of terms 
with “ Southerners,” “‘ Westerners,” 
If I ever travel through the country it will be of use to 


and ‘“ Easterners.” 


me. We have a fine set of men here now. ... 


3.30 P.M.—W has just left my room tickled half 
to death with the stuff. He swears if he gets his Dul- 
cinea that he'll “have me on to the wedding, expenses 
paid and everything else!” ... 


Yours, j-R.L. 


TO THE SAME 
Bate Court, May 17, 1840. 

. .. Lspent last evening at Watertown. Maria White 
(I can’t call her miss) zs beautiful—-so pure and spirit- 
like. To make a bull—she seems half of earth and more 
than half of Heaven. You ought to see her. I hada 
time, I tell you—and made a fool of myself to boot. 

My head aches horribly or I should write better. God 
bless you. 


TO THE SAME 
June 3, 1840. 
Thank Heaven! whatsoe’er the rate is 
At which some other things are sold, 
WVature is ever had “ free gratis, 
Children half-price,” as ’twas of old... . 


60 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1840 


TO THE SAME | 
Bate Court, Aug. 25, 1840. 

... 1am going to write a tragedy. I have the plot 
nearly filled out. I think—I kxow it will be good. It 
will be psycho-historical. I think also of writing a prose 
tale, which perhaps will appear in chapters in the Mes- 
senger *—if White will pay me. Goethe wrote his “ Sor- 
rows of the Young Werther,” and I will mine. Alas! 
the young soul is full of sorrows at that time, when it 
only sees written over the gate of life, ‘“‘ Per me si va in 
eterno dolore,” and has not yet found that, as the God- 
man ‘descended into hell, and rose the third day,” so 
for us this gate leads also to heaven. If I don’t die, 
George, you will be proud of me. I wz// DO somewhat. 


They tell me I must study law. 
They say that I have dreamed, and dreamed too long; — 
That I must rouse and seek for fame and gold; 
That I must scorn this idle gift of song, 
And mingle with the vain and proud and cold. 
Is, then, this petty strife 
The end and aim of life, 
- All that is worth the living for below? 
O God! then call me hence, for I would gladly go!... 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, Nov. 24, 1840. 
I shall print my volume. Maria wishes me to do it, 
and that is enough. I had become tired of the thought 


* The Southern Literary Messenger, published at Richmond, 
Va., for many years the chief literary periodical of the Southern 
States.. Its editor was Mr. Thomas W. White. 


1841] TO G. B, LORING 61 


of it.... “Irene” has gathered good opinions from 
many. Iam beginning to be a lion. 


TO THE SAME 
Jan. 2, 1841. 


... 1 know that God has given me powers such as 
are not given to all, and I will not “hide my talent in 
mean clay.”” I do not care what others may think of me 
or of my book, because if I am worth anything I shall 
one day show it. I do not fear criticism so much as I 
love truth. Nay, I do not fear it at all. In short, I am | 
happy. Maria fills my ideal and I satisfy hers. And I 
mean to live as one beloved by such a woman should 
live. She is every way noble. People have called 
“Trene”’ a beautiful piece of poetry. And so it is. It 
owes all its beauty to her.... 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Feb. 18, 1841. 

. . . My book, as you must know, is out. It has been 
received with distinguished favor, but as yet only two 
hundred and twenty-five copies have sold. JI am to be 
reviewed in the next Worth American. . . 


TO THE SAME 
Sunday, March 14, 1841. 

. . . My book does as well as can be expected. All 
the notices of it have been very favorable except that of 
your honest friend and fellow-politician the editor of the 
Post, who blackguarded me roundly. 


62 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1841 


The fost has blackguarded my book! 
But, then, ’tis understood 

That his most usual course he took— 
To sneer at all that’s good. 


Monday, 7/, past 10. 

I have just finished something which I ought to have 
done long ago. I have copied off a ballad of mine fora 
publisher of the name of D. H. Williams, who is getting 
out an annual. He will pay me five dollars per page, 
and more if the book sells well. Hawthorne, Emerson, 
and Longfellow are writing for it, and Bryant and Hal- 
leck have promised to—so that I shall be in good com- 
pany, which will be pleasing to groundlings. 

Three hundred copies of my book have sold. A new 
periodical in New York, Arcturus* by name, which is as 
transcendental as Gotham caz be, has given me a very 
pleasant notice, premising that they know nothing of the 
author but that he has written that book. 

Iam in Chas. G. Loring’s office—and am getting quite 
in love with the law. ... 

Since I have been in Boston, and in the office, I have 
written the best sonnets I have yet written, and one of 
the best (if not the best) lyrics, which last, as well as the 
ballad, I mean to print in the annual as aforesaid. 

I am glad of this, because I feared that the law would 
cover all the sunny greensward of my soul with its dust. 
But Maria will hinder all that. 


* “ A’ Journal of Books and Opinions,” edited by Evert A. 
Duyckinck and Cornelius Matthews, writers of some note in 
their day, but both alike, after striving years, fallen into the 
pleasant peace of oblivion. 


1841] TO W. A. WHITE 63 


TO W. A. WHITE 
39 Court Street, 


Boston, Nov. 2, 1841. 

My dear W.,— . . . The magazine* is published this 
morning (Tuesday, November second, in the year of 
grace one thousand eight hundred and forty-one), and 
notices are forthcoming in the daily journals. The “ re- 
spectable” Dazly + has a puff this morning which I have 
not seen. The covers are changed to a brownish free- 
stone color. The figure on the cover with wings, etc., is 
intended, saith the artist, to portray the Genius of Lit- 
erature. But how any man in his senses could set forth 
such a fat, comfortable-looking fellow as the vera effigies 
of what is hungriest, leanest, empty-pursiest, and without- 
a-centiest on earth I am at a loss to say. John King 
says he considers it as a flat number—but I think it is 
very tolerable, considering that it has not yet got under 
way. Iam going to write some criticisms on the Old 
Dramatists for some of the future numbers, which will be 
a cheap and convenient way of reprinting the best scenes 
and passages... . 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Dec. 9, 1841. 


My dear Will ...I1 have not been idle. I have 


* This was the Boston Miscellany, a monthly journal, edited by 
Nathan Hale, Jr. Mr. Hale was a man of marked ability; he 
was a college friend and classmate of Lowell. The Mzscellany 
was an ambitious attempt, and failed in the course of its second 
year of existence. It is now sought for by collectors, because it 
contains contributions by Hawthorne, Poe, Parsons, and Lowell, 
besides those of many less eminent writers who are not yet wholly 
forgotten. Lowell’s papers on the “Old Dramatists” have an 
interest as showing his early taste for and study of authors who 
were his familiars through life, and who were the subject of his 
latest writing in prose. 

+ The Dazly Advertzser, the chief newspaper in Boston at that 
time. 


64 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1842 


written some very fine sonnets, some of which, if you 
have the luck to encounter such periodicals as Arctu- 
rus, the Miscellany, or Graham’s Mag., will delight your 
eager vision—a vision than which I only know one supe- 
rior... . I have just come from spending the evening 
at ’s (where Maria is making sunshine just now), and 
have been exceedingly funny. I have, in the course of 


the evening, recited near upon five hundred extempore 


macaronic verses; composed and executed an oratorio 
and opera (entirely unassisted and, @ /a Beethoven, on a 
piano without any strings, to wit: the centre-table) ; be- 
sides drawing an entirely original view of Nantasket 
Beach, with the different groups from Worrick’s disport- 
ing themselves thereon, and a distant view of the ship- 
ping in the harbor, compiled from the ship-news of our 
indefatigable friend Ballard, of the Dazly, and making a 
temperance address; giving vent;,'moreover, to innumer- 
able jests, jokes, puns, oddities, quiddities, and nothings, 
interrupted by mine own laughter and that of my hear- 
ers; and eating an indefinite number of raisins, chesnuts 
(lradvisedly,omut thevots (cite etc. setcserca etc uci 
CLC el. CLG) aus 


TO G. B. LORING 


Boston, April 11, 1842. 
... I agree with you that, if possible, it would be 
best for you to settle yourself as near Boston as may 
be. It is always disagreeable for a man of education to 
be pitched into the midst of a set of barbarians. If you 
ever get into full practice, you will often be too weary 


1842] TO G. B. LORING 65 


to find solace among your books, and when you look 
around for the instructive companionship and quiet con- 
versation of men of letters, you feel your loneliness very 
bitterly. Near the city you can almost always find a 
few men in every town who have kept aloof from the 
general scramble, and found a truer wealth in the hearts 
of the old poets and philosophers which lie embalmed 
in their undying works. You say that life seems to be 
a struggle after nothing in particular. But you are 
wrong. It isa struggle after the peaceful home of the 
soul in a natural and loving state of life. Men are 
mostly unconscious of the object of their struggle, but 
it is always connected in some way with this. If they 
gain wealth and power or glory it is all to make up for 
this want, which they /ee/, but scarce know what it is. 
But nothing will ever supply the place of this, any more 
than their softest carpets will give their old age the 
spring and ease which arose from the pliant muscles of 
youths: 662% 
TO THE SAME 
April 20, 1842. 

... Lhe next number of the Democratic Magazine 
will contain five sonnets of mine, suggested by Words- 
worth’s sonnets in favor of capital punishment. They 
are very good—some lines in them are perhaps better 
than anything of the kind I have written. I shall have 
three sonnets in the May number of Arcturus ; and a 
sonnet, a little poem written in 1840, a sketch in prose 
called “ My First Client,” and article number two on the 
“Old Dramatists,” with my name [in the Boston Miscel- 
lany|. In Graham I shall unfortunately have nothing. 


5 


66 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1842 


I have lost two months by not sending early enough. 
There was twenty dollars lost outright. 


TO THE SAME 
May 11, 1842. 


I should have answered your letter before, but that I 
have been very busy reading and writing for my third 
article on the “Old English Dramatists.” But I have 
determined not to try to finish it for the June, but to 
print it in the July, number of the AZtscellany. The 
first two have been received with great favor — very 
great. ... All this is pleasant to me, because it seems 
to increase my hope of being able one day to support 
myself by my pen, and to leave a calling which I hate, 
and for which I am not we// fitted, to say the least. 

I mean to make the third article better than either 
of the others. The task of selection is the hardest part 
of it. I suppose I must have marked more than a thou- 
sand passages in Massinger’s plays, some of them quite 
long, and of these I can, of course, only extract a very 
small number. This is especially true in the case of 
Massinger, who has not so many strzkingly fine passages 
as many of the other dramatists, and yet has many of 
about the same merit. ... 

I shall be glad to see your articles against the slavery 
correspondent of the Fost. If men will not set their 
faces against this monstrous sin, this choragus of all 
other enormities, they, at least, need not smile upon it, 
much less write in its favor. What,in the name of God, 
are all these paltry parties, which lead men by the nose 
against all that is best and holiest, to the freedom of five 


1842] TO G. B. LORING 67 


millions of men? The horror of slavery can only be 
appreciated by one who has felt it himself, or who has 
imagination enough to put himself in the place of the 
slave, and fancy himself not only virtually imprisoned, 
but forced to toil, and all this for no crime and for 
no reason except that it would be zxzconventent to free 
them. What if the curse of slavery were entailed upon 
them by their ancestors, does this in the least affect the 
clear question of right and wrong? If this be so, then 
no barbarian can be ever reformed. But, thank God, it 
is not so. This is only the excuse which a pandering 
conscience, a terrified love of gain, invent for the slave- 
holders, and in which we Northern freemen sustain and 
encourage them. Are the slaves to be forever slaves 
because our ancestors committed a horrible crime and 
wrong in making them so? Only think for a moment 
on the miserable and outrageous lie and fallacy here.... 
TO THE SAME Mi lapiesreae: 

. . . We have been having temperance celebrations 
down here at a great rate, and some in which I have 
had a particular personal interest. Last Friday Maria 
presented a banner to the Watertown Washington To- 
tal Abstinence Society in the name of the women of 
Watertown. There were more than a thousand persons 
present. The meeting was held on a beautifully wooded 
hill belonging to Mr. White. The day was as fine as 
could have been wished. Maria looked—I never saw 
any woman look so grand. She was dressed in snowy 
white, with a wreath of oak-leaves and water-lilies round 
her head, and a water-lily in her bosom. There were a 


68 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1842 


great many tears ina great many eyes when she presented 
the banner. She did it as might have been expected. 
She said a few words in clear, silvery tones. She told 
them that the banner came from their mothers and sisters, 
their daughters and wives, and they must hold it sacred. 
The motto on the banner was excellent. It was this 
verse from the Bible: ‘My son, if sinners entice thee, 
consent thou not.” The next day Joe Bird (one of the 
musical ones), a great brown-faced, hard-handed giant of 
a farmer, overtook me and carried me part of the way 
into town in his wagon. He said: “I s’pose it’s super- 
fluous to tell you of it, but I never saw such a face as 
Miss Maria White’s in my life. There’s something su- 
pernatural about it. I dunnow what to call it but heav- 
enly and angelic. When she smiles, it don’t seem as 
though she smiled, but as if an actual lustre shone out 
Ottallfheruface: i Moverny wife as much as I know 
how, and always shall till I die; but, her to the con- 
trary notwithstanding, I must say I never saw a face 
that came anywhere’s near Miss Maria’s. When she 
was presenting the banner I couldn’t help crying, I tell 
you.” I could have hugged the great brawny, honest- 
hearted fellow. 

On the 4th I attended, by invitation, the celebration 
of the Cambridgeport W. T. A. Society. We dined in 
a fine large pavilion, which proved, however, quite too 
small for the multitude. So the children were fed first, 
and then we sat down. There were more than three 
thousand in all, it was said. Iwas called out, and made 
a speech of about ten minutes from the top of a bench 
to an audience of two thousand, as silent as could be. 


1842] TO G. B, LORING 69 


I spoke of the beauty of having women present, and 
of their influence and interest in reforms. I ended 
with the following sentiment, “The proper place of 
woman—at the head of the pilgrims back to purity and 
truth.” In the midst of my speech I heard many dem- 
onstrations of satisfaction and approval—one voice say- 
ing “Good!” in quite an audible tone. I was told that 
my remarks were “ just the thing.” When I got up and 
saw the crowd it inspired me. I felt as calm as I do 
now, and could have spoken an hour with ease. I did 
not hesitate for a word or expression even once. . . 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Sept. 20, 1842. 

-..Tamveryhappy. In the first place, I have Maria: 
in the second, I am growing slowly into favor as a poet; 
in the third, I have quite a reasonable prospect of get- 
ting into a lucrative literary employment next year, and 
the last cause of joy I will detail more at length. I have 
got a clue to a whole system of spiritual philosophy. I 
had a revelation last Friday evening. I was at Mary’s, 
and happening to say something of the presence of 
spirits (of whom, I said, I was often dimly aware), Mr. 
Putnam entered into an argument with me on spiritual 
matters. As I was speaking the whole system rose up 
before me like a vague Destiny looming from the abyss. 
I never before so clearly felt the spirit of God in me 
and around me. The whole room seemed to me full 
of God. The air seemed to waver to and fro with the 
presence of Something I knew not what. I spoke with 

the calmness and clearness of a prophet. ; 


70 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1842 


I cannot yet tell you what this revelation was. I have 
not yet studied it enough. But I shall perfect it one 
day, and then you shall hear it and acknowledge its 
grandeur. It embraces all other systems. : 

Nor am J at liberty yet to tell you my plan of literary 
support. If I could see you, I would tell it you by word 
of mouth, but I cannot bring myself to write it down. 
Apart from this, I think I may safely reckon on earning 
four hundred dollars by my pen the next year, which 
will support me. Between this and June, 1843, I think I 
shall have freed myself of debt and become an indepen- 
dent man. I am to have fifteen dollars a poem from the 
Miscellany, ten dollars from Graham, and I have made an 
arrangement with the editor of the Democratic Review, 
by which I shall probably get ten or fifteen dollars more. 
Prospects are brightening, you see. I am going to write 
an article on Marvell for the Democratic Review, and shall 
have a poem (a good one, too) in the October number. 


TO THE SAME 
Boston, Nov. 30, 1842. 

I do not write letters to anybody—the longer I live the 
more irksome does letter-writing become to me. When 
we are young we need such a vent for our feelings. Un- 
able to find a friend in the spiritual world, we feel more 
keenly the necessity of one in the material to whom we 
may pour out the longings that oppress us. But, as we 
grow older and find more ease of expression, especially 
if it be in a way by which we can reach the general ear 
and heart, these private utterances become less and less 
needful to us. 


1843] TO G. B. LORING 71 


But, dear George, I have been harassed more than 
you can well think with the duszmess of my magazine. 
I have staked all my present hope upon this one throw 
of the dice,and you may suppose that I have not felt at 
leisure enough to write. 

I have an article to write for my magazine of six or 
seven pages which requires care and toil, and I have but 
a day or two left to finish it in—and it is but begun. It 
is on the plays of Middleton, and ough to be interesting. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, June 15, 1843. 

. .. I have been very happy for the last day or two 
in writing a long poem in blank verse on Prometheus, 
the Greek archetype of St. Simeon Stylites, the first 
reformer and locofoco* of the Greek Mythology. It 
will be quite worth your while to read it when it is 
printed. I hope to see it in the July number of the 
Democratic Review, but fear it was too late, having only 
been sent on this morning. It is the longest and best 
poem I have ever written, and overrunning with true 
radicalism and antislavery. I think that it will open 
the eyes of some folk and make them ¢Azzé that I am 
a poet, whatever they may say. 

Iam now at work on a still longer poem in the oftava 
rima,to be the first in my forthcoming volume. I feel 
more and more assured every day that I shall yet do 
something that will keep my name (and perhaps my 

* The popular designation for some years of a portion of the 


Democratic Party in the United States; hence, used for a Demo- 
crat. 


72 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1843 


body) alive. My wings were never so light and strong 
as now. So hurrah fora niche and a laurel! I have 
set about making myself ambitious. It is the only way 
to climb well. Men yield more readily to an ambitious 
man, provided he can bear it out by deeds. Just as 
much as we claim the world gives us, and posterity has 
enough to do in nailing the base coin to the counter. 
But I only mean to use my ambition as a staff to my 
love of freedom and man. I wz2// have power, and there's 
the end of it. I have a right to it, too, and you see I 
have put the crown on already... . 


TO CHARLES F. BRIGGS 
Cambridge, Aug. 9, 1843. 

... My “ Prometheus” has not received a single public 
notice yet, though I think it the best thing I have done, 
and though I have been puffed to repletion for poems 
without a tithe of its merit. Your letter was the first 
sympathy I received. Although such great names as 
Goethe, Byron, and Shelley have all handled the subject 
in modern times, you will find that I have looked at it 
from a somewhat new point of view. I have made it 
radical, and I believe that no poet in this age can write 
much that is good unless he give himself up to this ten- 
dency. For radicalism has now for the first time taken 
a distinctive and acknowledged shape of its own. So 
much of its spirit as poets in former ages have attained 
(and from their purer organization they could not fail of 
some) was by instinct rather than by reason. It has 
never till now been seen to be one of the two great 
wings that upbear the universe. 


1843] TO C. F. BRIGGS 13 


I have sent another poem to O’Sullivan,* still more 


radical than ‘“ Prometheus,” and in some respects bet- 
ter, though, from its subject, incapable of so high a 
strain as that. ... The proof of poetry is, in my 
mind, that it reduce to the essence of a single line 
the vague philosophy which is floating in all men’s 
minds, and so render it portable and useful and ready 
to the hand. Is it not so? At least, no poem ever 
makes me respect its author which does not in some 
way convey a truth of philosophy. When Shake- 
speare says, “one touch of nature makes the whole 
world kin,” he has saved the need of a thousand vol- 
umes of metaphysics. And the beauty of it is that 
what a true poet says always proves itself to our minds, 
and we cannot dodge it or get away from it. I say 
this to show you (since you take an interest in me) 
what my aspiration is. It will be years before I get 
near it. 

Besides writing poems, I have raised the finest chick- 
ens in the neighborhood, and I advise you to get a few 
at Staten Island, if it were only that there is no sound so 
full of right-down country cheer as the crowing of that 
lusty bird the cock. If I can I shall see you this sum- 
mer, but I am deeply in debt for the Proneer, and feela 
twinge for every cent I spend. Give my best love to 
Page, and tell him that unless he has some good reason 
for keeping my portrait, there are a great many who 
wish it back—especially oze, who also sends her love to 


both of you.... 


* The editor of the Democratic Review. 


74. LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1843 


TO W. A. WHITE 


Elmwood, Sept. 19, 1843. 

... Do not attack the Liberty Party too fiercely. I 
think myself that they are mistaken in many things. 
But one should remember that ¢hey are only in error as 
to the best means of bringing about the Right, and surely 
deserve more sympathy at our hands than those whose 
Creed is wrong. I happen myself to know personally 
some very honest and very good men in that party, and 
belonging, as I do, neither to the old nor the new organ- 
ization, I can the more easily form an unbiassed opinion. 
Moreover, I would be very cautious of abusing the clergy. 
To most men’s ears this sounds like an attack on the 
religious sentiment itself, for the clergyman nowadays, 
to many a disciple of the cropt Genevan, stands instead 
of the images and pictures of old Rome. Show that 
they are mzstaken as much and as often as you please; 
but be slow to charge any man, and especially any body 
of men, with want of principle. I remember when my 
own eyes were as blind as an owl's to the Sun of Truth, 
and I learned charity to the blindness of others in the 
best school. One word more. Be most careful in stat- 
ing facts. If an adversary can show one misstatement 
(however small) in your argument, he has already con- 
futed you in the most effectual manner to nine tenths 
of those you are striving to convince. 

The doctrine of Fourier seems to be attracting a good | 
deal of attention in Boston just now. Brisbane and 
Greeley have both lectured there, and, as far as I can 
judge, with considerable success. Brisbane has begun 


1843] TO W. A. WHITE VAS 


a series of articles on the subject in the Courzer. Tome 
it is a very interesting one. There is a great deal of 
sound philosophy mixed up with much wild deduction 
init. At least we ought to give a respectful hearing to 
anything that earnestly proposes to make man more 
aware of his high destiny, and to show him the plainest 
Poadthereton.. | 

I am in treaty with Owen to publish a volume for 
me. He is a little afraid of the “speculation,” but is 
very desirous to publish it, and will probably do so.... 

I made a short trip down to Bangor the other day, 
and picked up a great deal of all sorts of things. I met 
an Ohio abolitionist on board the boat going down, who 
told me of his stumping a clergyman in a very neat 
manner. You might use it in one of your speeches. 
‘“‘ Says he to me, ‘I’m an abolitionist,’ says he, ‘but then 
if you set the niggers free they won’t work.’ Says I, 
‘You jist take a little walk with me, will ye?’ It was 
aboard the boat, you see, so he says, ‘Yes,’ and we 
walks along, and bimeby we’ met one o’ these ’ere black 
fellers a-carryin’ a waiter. ‘That ’ere feller’s black, ain’t 
he?’ says I. ‘Yes,’ says he, ‘sartin—black as the crown 
o’ my hat.’ ‘Wal,’ says I, ‘he’s to work, ain’t he?’ 
‘Yes,’ says he agin, ‘sartin he is... So we walks on, and 
pooty soon I see another on ’em emptyin’ slops over- 
board. ‘Ain’t that feller black?’ says I. ‘O’ course he 
is, sayshe. ‘Wal,’ says I, ‘e's to work, ain’t her’ ‘Sar- 
tin,’ says he, lookin’ as though he knowed what was 
comin’. So by that we’d got to the kitchen door, and 
I opened it, and there was six or eight on ’em tight at 
it. ‘Ain’t them fellers black?’ says I—wal, they stand 


76 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1844 


considerable, I tell ye. ‘Sartin,’ says he agin. ‘ Wal,’ 
says I, ‘they’re to work, ain’t theyr’ ‘Why, you see 
they be,’ says he, rather quick. ‘ Wal,’ says I, ‘I hain't 
nothin’ more to say to you.’ ‘Wal,’ says he, laughin’ 
good-natered, ‘you hain’t no need to say nothin’ more.’ ” 
A good argument, was it not? 


TO CHARLES F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, March 6, 1844. 

... You say that my birthplace here has no natural 
title to the name of “Elmwood.” Your delusion is 
only to be excused by the fact that you have never seen 
the grounds on which you pass judgment—a delusion 
which I hope may be dispelled by your visiting me next 
summer, when, if I do not show you elms enough to 
vindicate the title we have given it, I will agree that 
“ Bishop’s Terrace” has a sweeter Sound. 

I received the other day a little pamphlet from a Mr. 
Adamson (do you know him?) on-the subject of Interna- 
tional Copyright, and, if I knew his address, I should 
write to him to tell him that I think it the best writing 
upon that subject which I have ever seen.. It is plain 
and practical, and calculated to convince just the class 
of persons who need conviction, namely, those who have 
a repugnancy to ideas—a class much larger than is gen- 
erally imagined. If 1 did not heartily dislike Dean Swift, 
I should compare it with his political tracts. There is 
one consideration which has occurred to me, and only 
one, which I missed in reading it. I mean the great 
benefit it would be to our public libraries to be able to 
procure cheaper and yet readable editions of good books, 


1844] TO C. F, BRIGGS 77 


At present we have no good public libraries, yet these 
are positively essential to make decent scholars of us. 
That of our university here is, I suppose, the most com- 
plete in the country; but for that they are obliged to 
buy expensive English editions of necessary works, and, 
of course, are very much restricted as to number. A 
short time ago $25,000 was raised among our alumni for 
the benefit of the library, and that sum would have been 
probably worth twice as much if we had a Copyright 
Teawe) tee 

What are you doing now? And how many papers 
do you correspond with? or, I mean; I hope you do 
not correspond wztk any of them. Iam not entitled to 
the privileges of any reading-room, so that I cannot trace 
you out myself. New York letters are become very fash- 
ionable. You Gothamites strain hard to attain a metro- 
politan character, but I think if you /e/¢ very metropol- 
itan you would not be showing it on all occasions. I 
see that the exponent of your city, the Herald, speaks 
of the Philadelphia papers as the “ provincial press.” I 
saw a puff of Mrs. Child, extracted from that paper, in 
the Boston Courier the other day. I should think she 
would begin to ask herself what crime she had been 
committing. I suppose Willis will be publishing his 
epistles in a ‘ Mew Mirror extra” before long, in order 
that no well-educated family may be without them. 

My fowls still continue to be the flower of the neigh- 
borhood. There never were such strutters and crowers 
as my chanticleers, or such promzsing layers as my hens. 
My father has now reduced his estimate of the cost of 
each of my eggs to the moderate sum of ashilling. But 


78 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1844 


I hope to parade them all before your eyes when you 
come hither—as you must ere long. 

My Poems will soon reach a third edition of five hun- 
dred. About eleven hundred have thus far been sold, 
I believe. So I suppose I may get something from the 
book yet. If anything comes, I shall pocket it with a 
free heart, in spite of the shame which our anti-copyright 
gentlemen would fain lay at the door of an author who 


demands his wages. 
Your affectionate friend, 


A rd tay Be 
TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Aug. 30, 1844. 

My dear Friend,—I did not get your letter of the 19th 
until yesterday, or you may be sure that I should have 
written sooner to assure you (if words are needful) of 
my fullest and tenderest sympathy: Maria sends hers 
also, and there are tears in the eyes of both of us.... 

I agree entirely with what you have said of Death in 
your last letter; but at the same time I know well that 
the first touch of his hand is cold, and that he comes to 
us, as the rest of God’s angels do, in disguise. But we 
are enabled to see his face fully at last, and it is that of 
a seraph. So it is with all. Disease, poverty, death, 
sorrow, all come to us with unbenign countenances; but 
from one after another the mask falls off, and we behold 
faces which retain the glory and the calm of having 
looked in the face of God. To me, at least, your be- 
reavement has come with the softest step and the most 
hallowed features, for it has opened a new channel for 
my love to flow towards youin. More, it has made my 


1844] TO C. F. BRIGGS 79 


heart tenderer and more open to all, and I can even al- 
most believe that I love Maria better, as I forecast how 
she and I may be called upon to bear the same trial to- 
gether. The older I grow, the less am I affected by the 
outward observances and forms of religion, and the more 
confidingness and affection do I feel towards God. “He 
leadeth me in green pastures.” Trust in Providence is 
no longer a meaningless phrase to me. The thought of 
it has oftener brought happy tears into my eyes than 
any other thought except that of my beloved Maria. 
It is therefore no idle form when I tell you to lean on 
God. I know that it is needless to say this to you, but 
I know also that it is always sweet and consoling to 
have our impulses seconded by the sympathy of our 
friends. 


“We all are tall enough to reach God’s hand, 
The angels are no taller.” 


In your present affliction you have (according to my 
idea of poetry) the best right to pass judgment upon 
the merits of the poets. Those are, it seems to me, the 
great ones who give us something to lean upon in our 
sorrow, and something yet to look forward to in our 
deepest joys and our amplest successes. Neither Byron 
nor Scott does this. Shakespeare does, so does Milton. 
In a less degree so do Chaucer, Spenser, and Words- 
worth. So, I think, do Coleridge, Keats, and Tenny- 
son. If they give us nothing else, they give us at least 
a feeling of great-heartedness and exaltation which, 
if it does not lay hold of the hem of God’s mantle, at 


least 


80 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1844 


“the extremest skirts of glory sees, 
And hears celestial echoes with delight.” 


I know that it will please you if I copy here a little 
poem which I wrote in April, 1841, and of which I was 
reminded by what you said of Death in your last. It is 
crude in as far as its artistic merits are considered, but 
there is a glimpse of good in it. | 


Sin hath told lies of thee, fair angel Death, 

Hath hung a dark veil o’er thy seraph face, 
And scared us babes with tales of how, beneath, 

Were features like her own. But I, through grace 
Of the dear God by whom I live and move, 

Have seen that gloomy shroud asunder rent, 

And in thine eyes, lustrous with sweet intent, 
Have read that thou none other wast but Love. 
Thou art the beauteous keeper of that gate 

Which leadeth to the soul’s desired home, 
And I would live as one who seems to wait 

Until thine eyes shall say, “‘ My brother, come !” 
And then haste forward with such gladsome pace 
As one who sees a welcoming, sweet face; 

For thou dost give us what the soul loves best— 
In the eternal soul a dwelling-place, 

And thy still grave is the unpilfered nest 

Of Truth, Love, Peace, and Duty’s perfect rest. 


My now more mature judgment sees many faults in 
these lines, but I have copied them verbatim, since there 
seems to me to be a charm of simplicity and sincerity 
about them, which is their chief merit. 

I could not restrain my tears when I read what you 


1844] TO C. F. BRIGGS 81 


say of the living things all around the cast mantle of 
your child. It zs strange, almost awful, that, when this 
great miracle has been performed for us, Nature gives 
no sign. Nota bee stints his hum, the sun shines, the 
leaves glisten, the cock-crow comes from the distance, 
the flies buzz into the room, and yet perhaps a minute 
before the most immediate presence of God of which 
we can conceive was filling the whole chamber, and 
opening its arms to “suffer the little one to come unto 
him.” 

God bless you a thousand times and comfort you, for 
he only can... . I know not what I can say to your 
wife. Most lovingly yours, 


J.R.L. and M. W. 
I shall write again soon. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Sept. 18, 1844. 

My dear Friend,— .. . I have inherited from my fa- 
ther an intellectual temperament which would fain keep 
its hands soft. I feel the sorrows of my friends and 
their joys with as much intensity as human nature is 
capable of, but I too often remain satisfied with the feel- 
ing. Partly from constitutional indolence and partly 
from timidity, I sit in the corner with my heart full and 
let others speak and act. But, with God’s help, I am 
resolved to conquer this. I am too ready to leave things 
undone, because I am never satisfied with my manner of 
doing them.... 

You speak of our marriage as one of ‘“ convenience,” 
by which I suppose you mean that our means are such 

6 


82 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1844 


as to warrant us in being married at any time. This is 
not the case. My Pioneer debts will not be paid before 
January. ... My father would have assisted me greatly, 
but he lost a great part of his own property a few years 
ago, and his income will hardly keep pace with his gen- 
erosity. You will be glad to hear, however, that he has 
offered, without any hint on my part, to build me a cot- 
tage on a piece of his land here, if it can be done fora 
thousand dollars or thereabout. I think that I can put 
up quite a comfortable little nest for that sum, with a 
spare chamber for you and your wife whenever you 
may be able to pay us “ provincials” a visit. . . . Ihave 
already christened my new castle (though as yet an at- 
mospheric one) “ Elmwood Junior,’ much to the delight 
of my father, who is one of the men you would like to 
know. He is Dr. Primrose in the comparative degree, 
the very simplest and charmingest of sexagenarians, and 
not without a great deal of the truest magnanimity. 
Nothing delights him so much as any compliment paid 
to me, except the idea of building me a cottage. If you 
could see him criticising the strut or crow of one of my 
chanticleers with a child’s enthusiasm, or reading a re- 
view of my poems which he does not think laudatory 
enough (at the same time professing himself a disciple 
of Pope and pretending that he can’t understand more 
than a tithe of what I write), or pointing out the advan- 
tages of the site he has selected for planting the Col- 
ony from Elmwood Senior, or talking of the efficacy of 
prayer, or praising “the old Federal Party with Wash- 
ington at its head,” or speaking of Jefferson as harshly 
as his kind heart will let him speak of anybody—in 


1845] TO C. F. BRIGGS 83 


short, if you had a more than Asmodeus-faculty and 
could take the roof off his heart, you would fall in love 
with him. He has had far more sorrow, too, than most 
men, and his wounds have been in his tenderest part, 
. . . but nothing could shake my beloved and honored 
father’s trust in God and his sincere piety... . 
Most affectionately your friend, 
PRL: 


I have partly written a poem on Columbus, to match 
with “ Prometheus” and “Cromwell.” I like it better 
than either in point of artistic merit. 


TO THE SAME 
Philadelphia, Jan. 16, 1845. 
127 Arch Street. 

My dear Friend,—I received this morning the two 
numbers of your Lroadway Fournal, and am in haste to 
tell you how much I like it. I know all you wish to say 
about the difficulty of starting—of fulfilling all your no- 
tions in the first few numbers—but with all that I must 
say that I think you have succeeded in making a very 
interesting paper. Before I go further, I will find a few 
Fattele sm. 

I shall, I doubt not, have something to send you by 
the early part of next week. I mean in prose. As to 
the arrangement you propose, I know not what to say. 
In spite of your surmise, I am so little in the habit of 
measuring what I do by dollars and cents that nothing 
is harder for me than to set a value on my wares. In 
your case I am completely cornered. I know nothing 


84 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


of your ability, and I certainly should steer by that if I 
were better informed. I cannot think that my contri- 
butions will be so valuable as those of many others. You 
know best. 

I understand you to mean that the prose contribu- 
tions shall be anonymous. For “Columbus” I should 
expect more than for prose. But I hada thousand times 
rather give it to you (as it would be my natural impulse 
to do) than think you had paid me more for it than you 
could easily afford. I know that you would not think 
that you had paid too much for it—but for me, I could 
write a better poem, but could never get rid of such a 
recollection. I wish you to treat me asa friend. Ido 
not speak in a worldly sense, meaning that you should 
do the best for me you can, but that you should call on 
me to do the best for you that I can. 

You know our circumstances exactly. ... All I ask 
for is enough for necessaries. Graham will no doubt 
give me (as he has done) $30 for a poem; my new 
book * will pay me $100 for the first edition if it sells 
well; my volume of poetry may be called $50 a year 
more. ... Another source of revenue has opened to me 
since I have come hither. The antislavery Friends pay 
me $5 for a leader to their paper which comes out once 
a fortnight, making $10 per month while I am here. 
You see Iam not in want.... 

Yours lovingly, 
[Pel seial be 

Maria sends her love to you and your wife. 


* “Conversations on the Old Poets.” 


1845] TO C, F. BRIGGS 85 


TO THE SAME 
Philadelphia, Feb. 25, 1845. 


Amid infinite interruptions, I have at last managed 
to finish a poem for you which is better in conception 
than in execution.* I intended it to be one of the 
best I have ever written, but have a sort of notion 
that it is rather flat. It certainly is so (as all poems 
must be) compared with the conception. Written in 
the metre which I have chosen it is perhaps too long, 
but the plot would have sufficed for quite a long and 
elaborate poem, into which a good deal of reflection 
and experience might have been compressed. However, 
I think that you will “kind o’ like it.” 

To-morrow (Wednesday) I am going out into the 
country to spend two or three days with some orthodox 
Quakers, and to-day I have got to write a leader for 
the Pennsylvania freeman, which must be done before 
noon. 

I do not know whether to be glad or sorry that you 
have associated Poe and Watson with you as editors. I 
do not know the last; the first is certainly able, but I 
think that there should never be more than one editor 
with any proprietary control over the paper. Its indi- 
viduality is not generally so well preserved. You know 
best. 

The paper is highly spoken of by all who see it, and I 
trust will succeed to your wish.... 


* « The Ghost-Seer,” printed in the Broadway Fournal, March 
8, 1845. 


86 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


TO THE SAME 
Philadelphia, March 21, 1845. 

... 1 know, my dear friend, how hard a thing it is to 
get a paper under way. I know, by bitter experience 
in the Proncer, how many conflicting interests are in- 
volved and how impossible it is at first to make it all 
you wish it. 

I do not wish to see the Fournal a partisan. I think 
it could do more good by always speaking of certain 
reforms and of the vileness of certain portions of our 
present civilization as matters of course, than by at- 
tacking them fiercely and individually. It always goes 
against my grain to say anything ill of a man or men, 
and I assure you that (minister’s and conservative’s son 
as I am) I do not occupy my present position without 
pain. | ; 

If I do not help you efficiently when I get out of the 
turmoil I am in here—why, I shall add a large square to 
the paving of hell. 

Weare just about to start for the country, and I have 
no time to add anything more. ... 

You will be glad to hear that the first edition of my 
“Conversations” (1000) are gone already. I begin to 
feel rich. Owen owes me nearly $300 at this moment! 
I hope my wealth will not make me proud.... 


TO MISS L. L. WHITE 
New York, May 24, 1845. 
My dear Lois,—Yesterday, having been a day of ex- 
traordinary excitement and adventure in the wedded 


1845] TO MISS L. L. WHITE 87 


life of Maria and myself, seems to afford me an oppor- 
tunity of giving you Scripture measure in the matter of 
the letter I promised to write you from Philadelphia. 
Whether from Philadelphia or New York, however, 
matters very little, since my heart was as near you in 
one place as in the other. 

I shall begin my account of yesterday’s proceedings 
with a sketch of an interesting scene which took place 
in our chamber yesterday morning. It had been arranged 
beforehand that we should make an excursion to Green- 
wood Cemetery in the forenoon, and visit Mrs. and Miss 
P——, who live in Brooklyn (near the cemetery) on our 
return. Now, you must know that I am becoming more 
and more inclined to Grahamism every day, and on the 
particular morning of yesterday was indulging Maria 
with my views on that subject, when the following dia- 
logue took place: 

I. “I think I shall eat no meat after our return 
home.” 

M. “Why not begin to-day ?” 

I. (With heroic excitement) “I will!” 

M. “I’m sure we’ve had nothing in the way of meat 
here that has been very tempting.” 

I. “True, but we shall doubtless have a fine dinner 
at the P 5, And, on second thoughts, I believe I 
shall begin my reform to-morrow.” 

(Exeunt. End of 1st Act.) 


The next scene of this exciting drama is laid in Brook- 
lyn, where we sat waiting in a curious affair called an 
omnibus, and regarded as such with intense pride by 


88 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


the driver. My opinion in regard to this machine is not 
fully made up. At first I was inclined to regard it as the 
first crude idea of a vehicle which entered the creative 
mind; but afterwards I was more inclined to believe it 
to have [been] an instrument of torture devised by the 
Inquisition, and given by a Jesuit, in the disguise of a 
very benevolent old gentleman, to the proprietor of the 
line for the purpose of punishing such heretics as could 
not otherwise be got into the power of the Holy Office. 
It was dragged by two creatures who might have been 
put into any menagerie and safely exhibited as sea- 
horses, for all the resemblance they bore to the original 
land animal of the same name. While sitting waiting 
for these creatures to recover sufficient strength for a 
start, an Irishwoman, who had regarded us attentively 
for some time, exclaimed, “ Faix! it’s a long time it is 
sence I’ve seen anny beauty, but I see a dale of it now 
anny way!’ Maria has a private theory that the woman 
was looking directly at her when she gave voice to this 
inspiration, but I cannot but think that there was an- 
other individual of a different sex... but I will say no 
more. In either case the woman showed a great deal of 
discernment considering her limited opportunities. Now 
imagine us to have perambulated the cemetery for the 
space of three hours with no food but what is technically 
called food for reflection, suggested by the monstrous 
inventions which surviving relatives heap over the (prop- 
erly) mortified remains of the departed. It was now 
half-past four o’clock, and we had eaten nothing since 
eight in the morning. This was carrying the principles 
of Grahamism to a supernatural extent. Still, I de 


1845] TO MISS L. L. WHITE 89 


lighted myself with the reflection that this involuntary 
asceticism would cease on our arrival at the hospitable 
mansion of the P ’s. On arriving there we found 
that their dinner-hour had been recently changed from 
five o'clock to two! An entirely intellectual banquet 
had been prepared for us, the bill of fare of which I give 


below: 
IST COURSE 
Mrs. P and the Miss P 
town, who met us in the entry and accompanied us to 


who was at Water- 


the drawing-room. 
2D COURSE 


A tall Miss P 


Sea. 


who was engaged to somebody at 


3D COURSE 
A short Miss P who was engaged to nobody, and 
whose betrothed (if she had one) would be likely to go to 
sea and remain there. 


4TH COURSE 


A Mr. Charles P who had inoculated himself for 


the small-pox, to the great discontentment of his father. 


DESSERT, 


consisting of inquiries by the tall Miss P concerning 
our travels and relations, and startling revelations of her 
own perilous journeyings by the short one. This fra- 
grant repast was preceded by a Quaker grace, being a 
silence of ten minutes, and was interspersed at intervals 
(such was our gratitude and pious feeling) by similar 
golden pauses. The whole was followed by the agree- 


able exercise of walking a mile to the ferry-boat...._ 


go LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


If I ever am rich enough, I intend to erect a monument 
in Greenwood Cemetery to my hopes of dinner which I 
buried there. Exhausted nature here demands repose. 
We go to Staten Island this afternoon. How long we 
shall stay remains to be seen. We shall probably not 
arrive at home until the 4th or 5th of next month. 
Maria is quite well and has gone to visit Mrs. Child. 


Love to all. 
Affectionately your brother, 


A ES 
TO EDWARD M. DAVIS* 
Elmwood, July 24, 1845. 

My dear Friend,— ... If you had cast about for a 
hard question to ask me, you could not have been more 
successful than in desiring my advice as to a course of 
reading. I suppose that very few men who are bred 
scholars ever think of such a thing ‘as a course of reading 
after their Freshman year in college. Their situation 
throws books constantly in their way, and they select 
by a kind of instinct the food which will suit their men- 
tal digestion, acquiring knowledge insensibly, as the 
earth gathers soil. This was wholly the case with my- 
self. There is hardly any branch of knowledge in which 
I have not read something, and I have read a great 
many out-of-the-way books, yet there are many which 
almost every one reads that I have never even opened. 
For example, I have read books on magic and astrology, 
and yet never looked into a history of England. All 
that I know of it I have acquired by reading the biog- 


* This letter, with others addressed to Mr. Davis, was printed 
in Harper's Weekly, April 23, 1892. 


1845] TO E. M. DAVIS gI 


raphies of men whose lives are the history of England. 
So, too, I know more of the history of ancient Rome 
than I do of that of America. 

Having now proved myself to be wholly incompe- 
tent to give any advice (as is usually, though more un- 
consciously, the case with advisers), I proceed to give it. 
If I were in your case, I should read History. Hume 
and Smollett for England, Robertson for Scotland, Nie- 
buhr and Gibbon for Rome, Mitford for Greece, Ban- 
croft for America. Thucydides and Livy and Herodo- 
tus you can read in translations, also Tacitus. Read 
them always with a modern eye, and note how exactly 
alike men have been in all ages of the world as far as 
the external motives of life go. In the zxzternal you will 
find a steady progress. You will see men in every age 
and country with genius, self-devotion, high moral prin- 
ciple—in short, with zxspzration. You will see the masses 
always struggling with a blind instinct upward, but 
never so much as now will you find great principles dif- 
fused and forcing men into action. All history shows 
the poverty and weakness of Force, the wealth and 
power of Gentleness and Love. 

Read also the Reviews; they will keep you abreast 
of the current of modern literature. In astronomy read 
Nichol; in geology, Lyell. Michelet’s History of France 
(now publishing) is a good one, I believe. 

After you have once begun to read you will need 
no advice. One book will lead to another, and that to 
athird. If I think of any better books, I will mention 
them in another letter. But History must always lie at 
the foundation... . 


92 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


I blew another “‘dolorous and jarring blast” in the 
Courter the other day, which you will probably see in 
the Liberator of this week or next.* I was impelled to 
write by the account of the poor fugitives who were 
taken near Washington. I think it has done some 
good. At any rate, it has set two gentlemen together 
by the ears about Dissolution, and they are hammering 
away at each other in the Courzer. Tell Miller that an 
article for the Aveeman will reach him as early as Tues- 
davies earalewen: 

I remain, with true love, your friend, 


j Roe 


TO CHARLES F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Aug. 8, 1845. 

My dear Friend,—I have a remark or two to make 
upon your last letter before (if I may be allowed to 
write under the sign Taurus) I begin to answer it. 
What you say about the “unity of evil” is perfectly 
true, but you are worse than those “philanthropic eu- 
nuchs’’ you talk about if you consider the “unity of 
evil” as a sufficient reason for putting one’s hands in 
one’s pockets and sitting quietly down upon the fence 
in the sun. You are, like most men, satisfied with a 
single truth—you must cultivate your acquisitiveness 
in that direction a little more. I admit that when all 
these sore boils with which God hath smitten our social 


* The stanzas beginning 


“Look on who will in apathy, and stifle they who can 
The sympathies, the hopes, the words, that make man truly 
man.” 


1845] TO C. F. BRIGGS 93 


system spring from one disease, it would be idle to ap- 
ply external remedies to ove of them, meanwhile leav- 
ing all the rest to grow up to a more poisonous and 
incurable head. Nor is this the system of therapeutics 
which obtains among abolitionists. We believe that 
the only remedy for this terrible disease is the applica- 
tion of Christianity to life. We cry out most loudly 
against slavery because that seems to be the foulest 
blotch, and it is easier to awaken the attention of the 
worldly and indifferent to that than to any other. Their 
interest once excited, they may be safely left to them- 
selves; for Truth is like that stalwart Paddy at the gate 
of heaven—if she has been able to get her finger even 
into the crack of the door of a man’s soul, there is never 
a fear but she will make her whole body follow. For 
my own part, I had rather be eye-witness of all the cru- 
elty done upon the Southern plantations than see your 
poor harlots flaunting up and down Broadway. Besides, 
my dear friend, is it not better (even allowing that the 
abolitionists are one-sided) to be explicit and constant 
in our testimony against one sin than silent in regard to 
all? There is one abolitionist, at least, who seldom lets 
slip any opportunity for outspeaking against any insti- 
tution which seems to him to stand in the way of Free- 
dom. Absolute freedom is what I want—for the body 
first, and then forthe mind. For the body first, because 
it is easier to make men conscious of the wrong of that 
grosser and more outward oppression, and after seeing 
that, they will perceive more readily the less palpable 
chains and gags of tyranny. Believe me, my system 
is fully as unitarian as your own, and whatever extrav- 


94 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


agancies I may seem guilty of, you may be sure they 
have a philosophical bearing (in my eyes) upon the one 
great object I have in view. 

The next remark upon your letter which I have to 
make is, that if John Quincy Adams does receive eight 
dollars a day for his hatred of slavery, he does no more 
than any of the rest of us. If you were to publish an 
antislavery paper you would charge three dollars a 
year for it, and so should I. The paying of popular 
representatives had its origin in a good principle, and 
has been perverted no more than other good principles 
by the license of the times. The last English member 
of the Commons house who took pay was Andrew Mar- 
vell, the worthy friend of Milton and possessing even a 
purer mind than that of the great poet. I would not 
compare Adams with Marvell, for I think that there is a 
vast deal of humbug in the reputation of the former. He 
is not well seen in the very A BC of Freedom. Itisa 
good trait in us Americans that we are so fond of plaster- 
ing together an image of greatness to fall down before 
and worship—we shall be all the more ready to worship 
the reality when we are fortunate enough to get it. 

My next defence is about the “green ice.’* I did 


* In Lowell’s poem, “Toa Pine-Tree,” he had written: 


“Thou alone know’st the splendor of winter, 
Mid thy snow-silvered, hushed precipices, 
Hearing crags of green ice groan and splinter, 
And then plunge down the muffled abysses 
In the quiet of midnight.” 


In “ The Ancient Mariner,” Coleridge says: 


“ And ice, mast-high, came floating by, 
As green as emerald.” 


1845] TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 95 


not have Coleridge’s lines in my mind when I wrote my 
verses. Coleridge had a fine, true eye, and I would 
gladly accept him (if I wanted any aid) in confirmation. 
I dd trust my own eyes. When I was a boy, my favor- 
ite sport was sailing upon Fresh Pond in summer, and 
in winter helping the hardy reapers to get in their har- 
vest of ice, and never was a field of wheat in July of a 
more lovely green. You have doubtless seen ice-bugs 
(as most people entomologically pronounce it), and they 
may not be green, though I think they are described as 
of all colors. But my ice was fresh-water ice, and I am 
right about it.... 


TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 
Elmwood, Aug. 13, 1845. 

My dear Longfellow,*—I have been meaning to write 
to you now for some time (though I did not reckon on 
so very bad a pen as this), in order to make some in- 
quiries of you about Brattleborough while you are on 
the spot. Feeling a movement of the spirit to write 
this morning, I obey it—so if my letter be stupid, the 
spirit is to blame for it and not I. 

I do not wish to lay too great a burthen upon your 
already heavy-laden eyes, but I should like to know the 
expense of living and being watered, and also your im- 
pressions of Dr. Wesselhoeft and of the efficacy of the 
system under his management. 

I do not wonder at your being inspired to write a 
poem upon the summer rain up there, keeping as you 


* Mr. Longfellow was at the Brattleborough “ Water Cure,” 


96 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


do the sign of Aquarius (or a fac-szmzle) stationary over 
your heads like Joshua’s sun. As Canace’s ring taught 
her the bird dialects ‘ without a master,” I suppose your 
experience at Brattleborough will establish quite a new 
relation and bond of sympathy between you and the 
plants. You will be able to enter into all their feel- 
ings, whether in a drizzle,a long rain, a sudden, heavy 
shower, or under the artificial pluviosity of the garden- 
er’s watering-pot. After you have finished your forty 
days and forty nights there, you will be in good case to 
appreciate the situation of that Yankee Antediluvian 
whose interview with Noah Miss Martineau has related. 

Your poem, by the way, was published here at a very 
lucky season—just on the heels of a magnificent rain. 
The very morning before I saw it I was meditating 
some, verses on the self-same theme. /ereant qui ante 
nos nostra dixerunt, says St. Augustine (confound those 
who plagiarize from us before we were born!), a senti- 
ment which I recommend to Mr. Poe. However, though 
you have cut me off, I have the satisfaction of having 
poured out some verses on the subject six years ago, 
and, oddly enough, in the same irregular measure. My 
poem, however, was nothing like yours (having only 
two good verses in it), and I thank you for your timely 
intervention between me and a new attempt. I am 
glad you had a kind word for the dear, patient oxen 
who, as they wallow along through the furrows with 
the plough, are the only good commentary on Virgil's 
“Georgics.” But I do not (may I say it?) like the 
metre of your poem, and that for two reasons. Firstly, 
it does not satisfy my ear (which, to be sure, was not 


1845] TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 97 


your object in writing it); and secondly, it will prevent 
the poem from being widely popular. The zmages in 
your poem leave nothing to be said—they are a com- 
plete landscape, a true Gainsborough—and had the 
metre been a little more within the compass of the pop- 
ular ear (which, truly, is Zong enough to compass any- 
thing), you would have exhausted the theme. There 
would nevermore have been room for another poem in 
the same kind. Have I been too frank? Alas, if we 
could only be as frank in speech as we can be on paper, 
what a happy world were this! 

Charles Sumner’s oration* was published on Satur- 
day. I got it yesterday, and have not yet read it 
through, but I have read enough to honor him for it. 
I can warrant his having made one fast friend by it, if 
no more. I suppose he has committed a social felo de 
se by it. I look upon his fearless book as the tomb- 
stone of his consideration in the minds of nine tenths 
of this Infidel Community. Regarding it in this light, 
and remembering the subject, he might have borrowed 
a good motto from the Italian burying-grounds—Carlo 
Sumner tmplora pace. But he is secure of a resurrec- 
tion, and that before our mythological judgment-angel 
is put to his trumps. You blew a noble blast in the 
same key a year ago—it had never occurred to me be- 
fore that the Arsenal at Springfield could be of azy use. 
C. S. will find it of great moment to his character to 
have put himself among the martyrs. I have had a 
touch, now and then, of this mosquito-martyrdom of 


* On “The True Grandeur of Nations.” 


98 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


the nineteenth century, for my fanaticism of looking 
at things without the medium of our rose-colored social 
spectacles, and I only wish I had been pecked at a little 
more. Christ has declared war against the Christianity 
of the world, and it must down. There is no help for 
it. The Church, that great bulwark of our practical 
Paganism, must be reformed from foundation to weath- 
ercock. Shall we not wield a trowel, nay, even carry 
the heavy bricks and mortar for such an enterprise ? 
But I will not ride over you with my hard-mouthed 
hobby. 

Everything is safe at your house or else your chanti- 
cleer lied, for he crowed with a lusty satisfaction as I 
passed yesterday. I know he would not have had the 
heart if anything had been amiss. They have begun 
this morning to plough up your lawn. It would do you 
good to be at home and get a snuff of the fresh up- 
turned sod. 

I wonder if Mrs. Longfellow remembers (1 suppose 
she does not) meeting me at Dr. Channing’s once—it is 
now four years ago. I was then a bashful, shy youth (I 
am not much better now), and remember keenly the 
shivering awe with which I plunged into the responsi- 
bility of entertaining her. Yet in that conversation (as 
laborious to her, I doubt not, as to me) she made my 
heart warm towards her—and it will never grow cold 
again. She was the first stranger that ever said a kind 
word to me about my poems. She spoke to me of my 
“YVear’s Life,” then just published. I had then just 
emerged from the darkest and unhappiest period of my 
life, and was peculiarly sensitive to sympathy. My vol- 


a 


1845] TO C. F. BRIGGS 99 


ume, I knew, was crude and immature, and did not do 
me justice; but I knewalso that there was a@ heart in it, 
and I was grateful for her commendation. We do not 
know how cheap the seeds of happiness are, or we should 
scatter them oftener. 

Maria is very well, and we shall both be glad to have 
you back again for neighbors. I hope we shall see you 
oftener at Elmwood. 

I have written you a scrambling kind of letter, 
but I felt a motion to write, and, as that does not 
often occur to me in regard to letters, I made the most 
oft: 

Maria joins me in sending kindest remembrances, and 
I remain 

Affectionately your friend, 
Paice te, 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Aug. 21, 1845. 

My dear Friend,— ... Poe, I am afraid, is wholly 
lacking in that element of manhood which, for want of 
a better name, we call character. It is something quite 
distinct from genius—though all great geniuses are en- 
dowed with it. Hence we always think of Dante Ali- 
ghieri, of Michael Angelo, of Will Shakespeare, of John 
Milton—while of such men as Gibbon and Hume we 
merely recall the works, and think of them as the author 
of this and that. As I prognosticated, I have made Poe 
my enemy by doing him a service. In the last Broad- 
way Fournal he has accused me of plagiarism, and mzzs- 
guoted Wordsworth to sustain his charge. “ Armour 


100 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1845 


rustling on the walls on the blood of Clifford calls,” * 
he quotes, italicizing “ rustling” as the point of resem- 
blance. The word is really “vrustzng”—you will find 
the passage in Wordsworth’s “Song sung at Brougham 
Castle,” etc. My metaphor was drawn from some old 
Greek or Roman story which was in my mind, and 
which Poe, who makes such a scholar of himself, ought 
to have known. There is asimilar incident in Chaucer’s 
“ Knight’s Tale,” probably from the same source. Any 
one who had ever read the whole of Wordsworth’s poem 
would see that there was no resemblance between the 
two passages. Poe wishes to kick down the ladder by 
which he rose. He iswelcome. But he does not attack 
me at a weak point. He probably cannot conceive of 
anybody’s writing for anything but a newspaper reputa- 
tion, or for posthumous fame, which is but the same 
thing magnified by distance. I have quite other aims. 

If I had written for the praise of the newspapers I 
might have been satisfied long ago. But I have never 
yet (I may speak thus frankly to one whom I love) seen 
any criticism on my foerry (for I value that at a thousand 
times my prose) that went beneath the surface and saw 
the spiritual, and above all the present, application of 


* Lowell had written in his poem “To the Future”: 


‘As life’s alarums nearer roll, 
The ancestral buckler calls, 
Self-clanging from the walls 

In the high temple of the soul.” 


Wordsworth’s couplet reads— 


“ Armour rusting in his halls 
On the blood of Clifford calls.” 


1845] TO C. F, BRIGGS IOL 


what I have written since I came of age. Criticism now- 
adays deals wholly with externals. It looks upon every 
literary effort as a claim set up for a certain amount 
of praise, and answers every such claim accordingly. 
Though I have never yet done anything that was a fair 
exponent of the poetical abilities which I am conscious 
of possessing, yet I have confidence enough in myself 
(even if I desired fame greatly) to wait serenely and 
quietly for my time to come round. Yet Iam annoyed 
sometimes at being misconceived by meaner men—not 
as a poet, but asa man. My sorrows are not literary 
ones, but those of daily life. I pass through the world 
and meet with scarcely a response to the affectionate- 
ness of my nature. I believe Maria only knows how 
loving Iam truly. Brought upin a very reserved and 
conventional family, I cannot in society appear what I 
reallyam. I go out sometimes with my heart so full of 
yearning towards my fellows that the indifferent look 
with which even entire strangers pass me brings tears 
into my eyes. And then to be looked upon by those 
who do know me (externally) as “ Lowell the poet’’—it 
makes me sick. Why not as Lowell the man—the boy 
rather,—as Jemmy Lowell, as I was at school? 

Do not understand me as exaggerating the miseries 
which my lonhood entails on me. I have embarked in 
too many unpopular causes to be much of a lion yet. 
Nevertheless my name has begun to grow, and I would 
almost give half the rest of my life if I might shirk off 
upon somebody else all that is generally considered the 
pleasant result of a literary reputation, and keep the un- 
pleasant part to myself in my happy obscurity. One 


L102 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


reason why I have always felt drawn so strongly towards 
you is that you have never seemed to look upon me but 
as a friend, and that when we commune together you lock 
my authorship on the other side of the door, or admit 
it only as a third person. Now, how can I expect to be 
understood, much more to have my poetry understood, 
by such aman as Poe? I cannot understand the mean- 
ness of men. They seem to trace everything to selfish- 
ness. Why, B (the “ Sculptor,” as he is called) act- 
ually asked Carter how much Poe paid me for writing 


my notice of him in Graham’s Magazine. Did such 
baseness ever enter the head of man? Why, it could 
not get into the head of a dog, even if he had three 
heads like Cerberus. But I shall do something as an 
author yet. It is my laziness and my dissatisfaction at 
everything I write that prevents me from doing more. 
There is something, too, in feeling that the best part of 
your nature and your performance lies unmined and un- 
appreciated. Do I often talk so much about myself in 
my letters? If it is wrong, I will be more careful in 
future. Pay mein my own coin.... 


TO THE SAME 
Wednesday, Feb. 4, 1846. 
My dear Friend,—You must count this as two distinct 
letters, and give me credit accordingly. To tell the 
truth, I am very much taken up with the baby®* at pres- 
ent. It is true our enlarged means enable us to keep a 
maid, but I do not think Blanche safe in any one’s arms 


* Born ‘Decl 31,/1545; 


1846] TO C. F. BRIGGS 103 


but her mother’s and mine, and Maria cannot bear the 
fatigue of “tending” her a great deal. I belong to a 
class of philosophers (unhappily, I believe, a small one) 
who do not believe that children are born into the world 
to subject their mothers to a diaper despotism, and to 
be brought down to their fathers after dinner, as an ad- 
ditional digestive to the nuts and raisins, to be bundled 
up and hurried away at the least symptom of disaffec- 
tion or disturbed digestion. Unlike many philanthro- 
pists, I endeavor to put my principles into practice, 
and the result is that I find pretty steady employment 
and (to finish the quotation from the advertisements of 
serving-men’s Elysian Fields) good wages. Blanche al- 
ready, with a perverted taste, prefers her father to any 
one else, and considers me (as the antiquaries do what- 
ever they can’t explain in the old mythologies, whether 
it be male or female) as “ the personification of the mater- 
nal principle.” She is a very good child, however, and 
only cries enough to satisfy us, as the old Greek said, 
that we have begotten a mortal. The only portentous 
thing she ever does is to sneeze, and as it would be 
quite supererogatory in her to do this in order to procure 
a hearty “God bless you!” from all present, I incline to 
interpret it by Sir Thomas Browne’s theory, who, in his 
exposure of vulgar errors, after pulling to pieces the no- 
tion that there is anything ominous in it, proceeds to 
inform us that it is an effort of nature to expel any hu- 
mor that may lurk in the brain. If this be so, I should 
imagine, from Miss Fuller’s attempts at facetiousness, 
which now and then give a melancholy air to the 777z0- 
une, that she must be an unparalleled sternutator. . . 


104 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Feb. 18, 1846. 


My dear Friend,— . . . Transmitted peculiarities and 
family resemblances have always been a matter of inter- 
esting speculation with me, and I sometimes please my- 
self with the fancy that the motto of our family arms— 
Occastonem cognosce—may indicate a similar feeling to 
my own in the mind of the ancestor who first adopted 
it. Be that as it may, I never wrote a letter which was 
not a sincere portrait of my mind at the time, and there- 
fore never one whose contents can hold a rod over me. 
My pen has not yet traced a line of which I am either 
proud or ashamed, nor do I believe that many authors 
have written less from wzthout than I, and therefore 
more piously. 

... My calling is clear to me. I am never lifted up 
to any peak of vision—and moments of almost fearful 
inward illumination I have sometimes—but that, when 
I look down in hope to see some valley of the Beautiful 
Mountains, I behold nothing but blackened ruins; and 
the moans of the down-trodden the world over—but chief- 
ly here in our own land—come up to my ear, instead of 
the happy songs of the husbandmen reaping and bind- 
ing the sheaves of light; yet these, too, I hear not sel- 
dom. Then I feel how great is the office of poet, could 
I but even dare to hope to fill it. Then it seems as if 
my heart would break in pouring out one glorious song 
that should be the gospel of Reform, full of consolation 
and strength to the oppressed, yet falling gently and 
restoringly as dew on the withered youth-flowers of the 


1846] TO C. F. BRIGGS 105 


oppressor. That way my madness lies, if any. Were I 
to hang my harp (if we moderns may keep up the meta- 
phor, at least, of the old poets after losing their spirit) 
on a tree surrounded only by the very sweetest influ- 
ence of summer nature, and the wind should breathe 
through its strings, I believe they would sound with a 
warlike clang. 

I do not value much the antislavery feeling of a man 
who would not have been abolitionist even if no such 
abomination as American Slavery ever had existed. 
Such a one would come home from an antislavery meet- 
ing to be the unhired overseer of his wife and children 
and help (for I love our Yankee word, teaching, as it does, 
the true relation, and its being equally binding on master 
and servant), or he would make slaves of them that he 
might gotoone. Itis avery hard thing in society, as at 
present constituted, for a male human being (I do not 
say for a man) to avoid being a slaveholder. I never 
see Maria mending my stockings, or Ellen bringing the 
water for my shower-bath in the morning, without hear- 
ing a faint tinkle of chains. Yet how avoid it? Maria 
laughs when I propose to learn darning, and Ellen flies 
into open rebellion and snatches the pail out of my 
hands when I would fain assume half of the old Israel- 
itish drudgery, and become my own drawer of water. 
After prolonged controversy and diplomatic negotiation 
day after day on the cellar-stairs a treaty was concluded 
by which I was always to bring up my own coal, and yet 
on this very morning I surprised Ellen, in flagrant viola- 
tion of the treaty, half way upstairs on her way to my 
garret with a hodful. 


106 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


...1 read “ Margaret” * when it first came out, hav- 
ing seen extracted in a newspaper the account of Mar- 
garet’s first visit to the meeting-house. The book, as a 
whole, is clumsily constructed and not very well written, 
but there is a lovely aura about it which makes us love it, 
apart from its many glimpses of rare beauty and touches 
of genuine humor. Deacon Ramsdill is the first real 
Yankee I have seen in print. And this reminds me 
that I have always had it in my mind to write a New 
England novel which will astonish my friends if it ever 
gets delivered. Your amazement at a Puseyite Yankee 
is unphilosophical. The cathedral-and-surplice-mania is 
the natural reaction from the old slam-seat (do you re- 
member the racket after the “long” prayer, which the 
boys had established into as recognized a part of the 
services as the scarcely more harmonious noise of wind 
and catgut in the gallery, and which, being a free mo- 
tion of the spirit and a genuine enjoyment, I consider as 
real worship ?) meeting-houses and the-puritanical creed. 
Shut Nature out at the door, and she will in at the win- 
dow, says Sir Roger L’Estrange. If men have not 
enough spirituality to find an inward beauty in Religion 
(a creed within the creed—recognized alike by Gentile 
and Christian), they will begin to bedizen her exterior. 
You never heard of a poet’s sending a pair of ear-rings 
as a gift to his beloved (though he would find a lovely 
meaning in them if she chanced to wear them), yet it is 
a love of the same Beauty (though of a more savage and 
rude kind) which prompts such a gift in others. I had 


* By the Rev. Sylvester Judd—a book which still deserves to 
find readers. 


1846] TO EDWARD M. DAVIS 107 


reserved Blanche as the kernel of my letter, but I have 
filled it already, and she is so lovely that she will keep 
till my next. With much affectionate remembrance to 


you and yours, 
We remain your loving friends, 


her 
Maria Lowell, Blanche xX Lowell, and J.R.L. 
mark 


TO EDWARD M. DAVIS 
Elmwood, Feb. 23, 1846. 

My dear Friend,— . . . Had you known me before I 
had used the pen professionally, I might have over- 
whelmed you with long letters. As it is, I consider ev- 
ery poem I write (whether I publish it or not) as a letter 
to all those whom I hold personally dear. I feel that I 
have made a truer communication of myself so than in 
any other way—that is, that I have in this way written 
my friends a letter from the truer and better J. R. L., 
who resides within, and often at a great distance from, 
the external man, who has some good qualities, but 
whose procrastination is enough to swamp them all. I 
put off writing from day to day because I do not like to 
write a short letter, and cannot bear to send a long one 
which does not contain the very best essence and out- 
come of me. 

I was just meditating a long letter to you, as I told 
you in my hurried note, when everything else was driven 
out of my head by the arrival of a letter by the steamer, 
which made it necessary for me instantly to prepare an 
article which I had undertaken to write, and which I 
had postponed until I could be sure of its being needed. 


108 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


It is an affair which I wish you to keep strictly to your- 
self, as the knowledge that I am the author will destroy 
a part of the effect I wish to produce. I have engaged 
to write a series of articles for Dickens’s new paper,* on 
“ Antislavery in the United States,”’ of which the first 
has already appeared, and of which I am to forward one 
by each steamer till I have said my say. Of course, if 
it became generally known that they were written by a 
professed abolitionist, it would give them a taint in the 
delicate nose of the public. The first article is merely 
introductory, nor will any of them attempt to give any 
new view, but merely a sketch of the history of the 
movement without prejudice. ... 

I receive the Freeman regularly, and think that it has 
improved. It seems to have acquired new energy and 
spirit. I would gladly sometimes send you an article if 
I felt that I could do any good. I know that it seems. 
a mean sentiment not to be able to do anything for the 
Right without the reward of seeing an immediate effect. 
I do not need such bribes, but it seems to me that there 
are others better qualified than I. When I am writing 
a poem (like my. last, for example), I feel as if I were in 
my vocation, and though I never hear of it again (as I 
may truly say I never wish to), I am satisfied with my 
result. When I agreed to write for the Freeman last 
winter, I did it with fearful misgivings. I did not like 
to be paid for it either—though, indeed, I took the 
money from absolute necessity to maintain us indepen- 
dently, which I could not have done without it, and 
which I was resolved to do without assistance from 


* The London Dazly News. 


1846] TO E. M. DAVIS 109 


home, if it were only on bread and water... . Our little 
Blanche is everything to us. She almost hinders me 
from doing anything but tend her and look at her. 
She is said by everybody to be a very fine child. She 
could hardly fail of it with such a mother.... 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, April 16, 1846. 

... I know that I am unreasonable to expect you 
to leave your Maria and the children a minute sooner 
than is absolutely necessary, but I may take credit to 
myself for having thus much at least of the child sur- 
viving in me—that I often wish for unreasonable things. 
Indeed, what pleasure is there in the ordinary affairs of 
life in wishing for anything else? I never think of wish- 
ing for my breakfast, but I often wish that you and Miller 
would drop in to breakfast with me. In this way we 
get the better of time and space for a little, and can 
imagine a power of ubiquity in our friends which we 
should be slow to believe in ourselves. Yet I am some- 
times not wholly barren of such a gift, and have often, 
leaving but a mere shell behind me to counterfeit my 
presence in Cambridge, walked in at your door, or at 
No. 3 North Fifth Street, or Friend Parker’s, and by the 
richness and frequency of those spiritual visitations have 
feigned some plausible excuse to conscience for the pov- 
erty of my correspondence. It is true that on these oc- 
casions I leave no card, but the unsusceptibility of your 
own sympathies is to blame if you are witless of my 
neighborhood. How many a time I have met you com- 
ing down Arch Street, looking as grave as if you carried 


110 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


the weight of your whole warehouse upon your head, or 
were thinking of war or of slavery or of prostitution, or, 
in short, of society as it is, and could never get so much 
as a glance from you! ... How often have I encoun- 
tered Miller, buttoned up tight in the leader for the 
next Freeman (which, like a drunkard’s appetite, has 
doubled the frequency of the demand), fearing that 
slavery may be abolished before he gets it finished, and 
looking for all the world as if he had relapsed into 
Presbyterianism, and were just striving to put down an 
impudent doubt as to whether it were a necessary result 
of the fitness of things that he should be one of the 
elect! I have brushed by our excellent friend Charles 
C. Burleigh, looking like one of the old apostles who had 
slept in the same room with a Quaker who had gone off 
in the morning with his companion’s appropriate cos- 
tume, leaving him to accommodate himself as best he 
might to the straight collar and the single breast of the 
fugitive. Do not many Quakers go about in an apos- 
tolic garb which does not belong to them? Dr. Liddon 
Pennock has driven by me in his rockaway without 
once asking me to go out with him to Holmesburg, and 
I felt as if I deserved it for not having written him a 
dozen letters since I left Philadelphia. Friend Parker 
has never once given me one of her benevolent smiles, 
that make all the poor little friendless children she looks 
at in the street feel as if they had a mother, though I 
have walked through Fifth Street, between Market and 
Arch, many a Fifth-day morning to meet her on her 
way to market. As I think over all the slights I have 
received, I begin to feel like a dreadfully injured person. 


1846] TO SYDNEY H. GAY I1X 


But I will think of pleasanter matters. You will 
miss more than you are aware of,I assure you, if you do 
not spend the night with us, at least before the steamer 
leaves. Miss Blanche Lowell, in the freshness of her 
morning spirits, is, in my opinion, a sight well worth a 
journey from Philadelphia to look upon. Why, she 
laughs all over. You can see it through her clothes. 
The very tips of her toes twinkle for joy.* And then 
there is not a chanticleer in my numerous flock who can 
compare with her for crowing. She has another grace 
which I might in modesty omit, but I love truth! She 
is exceedingly fond of her father. As this is a taste 
which it is impossible she should have brought from 
heaven with her, it is only another melancholy instance 
how early the corrupting influences of earth begin their 
work. They plant, as we do, in the spring... . 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY. 
Elmwood, June 16, 1846. 
My dear Gay,—. .. I wish a distinct understanding to 
exist between us in regard to my contributions for the 
Standard. When Mrs. Chapman first proposed that I 
should become a contributor I told her frankly that it 


* A year later he wrote, in the anguish of loss, the little poem 
“The Changeling,” stanzas of which seem to echo the happiness 
in this letter— 


“To what can I liken her smiling 

Upon me, her knecling lover? 

How it leaped from her lips to her eyelids 
And dimpled her wholly over, 

Till her outstretched hands smiled also, 
And I almost seemed to see 

The very heart of her mother 
Sending sun through her veins to me!” 


112 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


was a duty for which (having commenced author very 
early and got indurated in certain modes of authorship 
and life) I was totally unfitted. J was satisfied with the 
Standard as it was. The paper has never been so good 
since I have seen it, and no abolitionist could reasona- 
bly ask a better. I feared that an uncoalescing part- 
nership of several minds might deprive the paper of 
that wxzty of conception and purpose in which the main 
strength of every undertaking lies. This, however, I did 
not urge, because I knew that a change was to be made 
at any rate. At the same time I was not only willing 
but desirous that my name should appear, because I 
scorned to be indebted for any share of my modicum 
of popularity to my abolitionism, without incurring at 
the same time whatever odium might be attached to a 
complete identification with a body of heroic men and 
women, whom not to love and admire would prove me © 
unworthy of either of those sentiments, and whose su- 
periors in all that constitutes true manhood and woman- 
hood I believe never existed. There were other consid- 
erations which weighed heavily with me to decline the 
office altogether. In the first place, I was sure that 
Mrs. Chapman and Garrison greatly overrated my popu- 
larity and the advantage which it would be to the paper 
to have my name attached to it. I am not flattering 
myself (I have too good an opinion of myself to do so), 
but judge from something Garrison said to me. It is 
all nonsense. However it may be in that glorious Here- 
after (towards which no man who is good for anything 
can help casting half an eye), the reputation of a poet 
who has a high idea of his vocation, is resolved to be 


1846] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 113 


true to that vocation, and hates humbug, must be small 
in his generation. The thing matters nothing to me, 
one way or the other, except when it chances to fake zn 
those whom I respect, as in the present case. Iam feres 
atque rotundus, a microcosm in myself, my own author, 
public, critic, and posterity, and care for no other. But 
we abolitionists must get rid of a habit we have fallen 
into, of affirming all the geese who come to us from the 
magic circle of Respectability to be swans. I said so 
about Longfellow and I said so about myself. What 
does a man more than his simple duty in coming out 
for the truth? and if we exhaust our epithets of lauda- 
tion at this stage of the business, what shall we do if the 
man turns out to be a real reformer, and does more than 
his duty? Besides, is it any sacrifice to be in the right ? 
Has not being an abolitionist (as Emerson says of hell) 


’ 


its “infinite satisfactions”’ as well as those zujfinz¢7¢ guat 


that Dante tells us of? To my mind 


“All other pleasures are not worth its pains.” 


In the next place (turn back a page or two and you 
will find that I have laid down a“ firstly ’’), if I have any 
vocation it is the making of verse. When I take my 
pen for that, the world opens itself ungrudgingly before 
me, everything seems clear and easy, as it seems sink- 
ing to the bottom would be as one leans over the edge 
of his boat in one of those dear coves at Fresh Pond. 
But, when I do prose, it is zzvztd Minerva. I feel as if 
I were wasting time and keeping back my message, 
My true place is to serve the cause as a poet. Then my 
heart leaps on before me into the conflict. I write to 

8 


It4 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


you frankly, as becomes one who is to be your fellow- 
worker. I wish you to understand clearly my capabill. 
ties, that you may not attribute that to lukewarmness 
or indolence which is truly but an obedience to my De- 
mon. Thirdly (I believe it is thirdly), I have always 
been a very Quaker in following the Light and writing 
_ only when the spirit moved. This is a tower of strength 
which one must march out of in working for a weekly 
newspaper, and every man owes it to himself, so long as 
he does the duty which he sees, to remain here impreg- 
nably intrenched. Now, it seems to me that we con- 
tributors should write just enough to allow you this 
privilege—of only writing when the wind sets fair. 

Having stated the poetical cons, I will now state the 
plain gros of the matter. I will help you as much as 
I can and ought. I had rather give the cause one 
good poem than a thousand indifferent prose articles. 
I mean to send all the poems I write (on whatever 
subject) first to the Standard, except such arrows as I 
may deem it better to shoot from the ambushment of 
the Courzer,* because the old enemy offers me a fairer 
mark from that quarter. I will endeavor also to be of 
service to you in your literary selections. 

I have told you what J expect to do. You must tell 
me in return what you expect me to do. I agree with 
you entirely in your notions as to the imprint and the 
initials. The paper must seem to be unanimous. Gar- 
rison is point-blank the other way. But his vocation 
has not been so much to feel the pulse of the public as 


* The Boston Courzer, an independent daily paper, edited by 
Mr. J. T. Buckingham. 


1846] TO SYDNEY H. GAY ied 


to startle it into a quicker beat, and if we who make the 
paper can’t settle it, who shall? I have one or two 
suggestions to make, but shall only hint at them, hop- 
ing to see you at Dedham on the 4th proxo. It seems 
to me eminently necessary that there should be an en- 
tire concert among us, and that, to this end, we should 
meet to exchange thoughts (those of us who are here- 
about) and to wind each other up. We ought to know 
what each one’s “beat” is, and what each is going to 
write. 

Then, too, would it not be well to have a Weekly 
Pasquil (1 do not call it Punch, to avoid confusion), in 
which squibs and facetiz of one kind or other may be 
garnered up? I am sure I come across enough comical 
thoughts in a week to make up a good share of any 
such corner, and Briggs and yourself and Quincy could 
help. 

You will find a squib of mine in this week’s Courter.* 
I wish it to continue anonymous, for I wish Slavery to 
think it has as many enemies as possible. If I may 
judge from the number of persons who have asked me 
if I wrote it, I have struck the old hulk of the Public be- 
tween wind and water. I suppose you will copy it, and, 
if so, 1 wish you would correct a misprint or two. In- 
stead of 

“To be cuttin’ folk’s throats,” 


* The first of “The Biglow Papers,” beginning, 


“Thrash away, you'll hev to rattle 
On them kittle-drums o’ yourn,— 
’Tain’t a knowin’ kind o’ cattle 
Thet is ketched with mouldy corn.” 


116 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1846 


it should be. . “ folks’s” . ., which you see is necessary 
to the metre. I believe (for I have not any copy) 
that instead of “ring this message loudly” it is printed 
“ sing”’—please put in the right letter. Give our best 
regards to your wife, and believe me 
Very truly your friend, 
J. R. LOwELt. 
I shall send you a poem next week. 


TO THE SAME 
Stockbridge, Berkshire County, Mass., 
Aug. 4, 1846. 

My dear Gay,—Here I am, quite domesticated among 
the mountains, and in the quietest little village I was 
ever in. I suppose Mammon is worshipped here also,. 
but it is in an “ upper chamber,” as it were, and merely 
on holy days. He has not here the advantage of a 
“Sabbatical year,” which, in the neighborhood of our 
metropolis, makes every day in the week equally set 
apart and private for his devotions. 

I am afraid you will begin to think that my bowstring 
snapped in shooting the first arrow, though perhaps the 
force of the discharge may not give warrant for such a 
supposition. I send you some verses, with the under- 
standing that I have better ones in store. I think the 
old proverb of putting the best foot foremost a fit sub- 
ject for a new chapter in Browne’s “ Pseudodoxia.” 

We intend being in Cambridge again before Septem- 
ber, and my address still continues to be at that ancient 
city. 


I remain as ever your friend, ie Ly 


1847] TO C. F. BRIGGS 117 


POLCT We Dict 
Elmwood, Nov. 13, 1847. 

My dear Friend,— .. . I do not know whether it isa 
common feeling or not, but I can never get to consider 
myself as anything more than a boy. My temperament 
is so youthful that whenever I am addressed (I mean by 
mere acquaintances) as if my opinion were worth any- 
thing, I can hardly help laughing. I cannot but think 
to myself with an inward laugh, ‘“ My good friend, you 
would be as mad as a hornet with me if you knew that 
I was only a boy of twelve behind a bearded vizor.” 
This feeling is so strong that I have got into a way of 
looking on the Poet Lowell as an altogether different 
personage from myself, and feel a little offended when 
my friends confound the two. I find myself very curi- 
ously compounded of two utterly distinct characters. 
One half of me is clear mystic and enthusiast, and the 
other humorist. If I had lived as solitary as a hermit of 
the Thebais, I doubt not that I should have had as au- 
thentic interviews with the Evil One.as they, and, with- 
out any disrespect to the saint, it would have taken very 
little to have made a St. Francis of me. Indeed, during 
that part of my life in which I lived most alone, I was 
never a single night unvisited by visions, and once I 
thought I had a personal revelation from God himself. 
I can believe perfectly in the sincerity of those who are 
commonly called religious impostors, for, at one time, a 
meteor could not fall, nor lightning flash, that I did not 
in some way connect it with my own interior life and 
destiny. On the other hand, had I mixed more with 


118 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1847 


the world than I have, I should probably have become a 
Pantagruelist. | 

I am perfectly conscious in myself (I may be allowed 
to say it to you) of finer powers than I have ever exer- 
cised or perhaps ever shall. The better qualities of my 
humor I have never shown except at home, and you 
would probably be astonished to find what an opinion 
of my wit obtains among my own family. This is one 
thing that draws me very strongly towards yourself. I 
think you have a vastly rarer humorous vein than you 
have ever put into your writings, and indeed than the 
majority of readers would appreciate. I mean that your 
power of humorous conception at present exceeds your 
artistic skill. I think that you have studied in other 
writers the humorous effect produced, rather than the 
how and the why. In the last chapter of “Tom Pep- 
per’ * I think the recipe Tom gives his sentimental 
friend for procuring an adventure is in the purest vein 
of humor. I feel that I cannot explain myself. What 
I wish you to study is (as the D.Ds. say of slavery) hu- 
mor inthe abstract. Perhaps I can explain what I mean 
by humor if I say (and I am sure you will agree with me 
in it) that Fielding has vastly more conception of humor 
than Dickens, and Dickens vastly more observation of hu- 
mor than Fielding. Dickens seems to me for the most 
part to be rather a sketcher of humoristic characters 
(characters in themselves humorous and as such noted 
by him) than himself a humorist. My idea of the dis- 
tinction between wit and humor is that wit makes oth- 


* A story by Mr. Briggs, entitled “The Trippings of Tom Pep- 
per, an Autobiography.” 


1847] TO C. F. BRIGGS 119g 


ers laugh, and humor ourselves cry sometimes. Waldo 
Emerson is an amusing instance of a (somebody has just 
interrupted me with a proof-sheet) man who is keenly 
alive to the incongruousness of ¢hzugs, but has no per- 
ception (or little) of ludicrous zdeas. I will copy present- 
ly a few verses from my satire about Ellery Channing, 
which will explain what I mean. 

As for Hosea, I am sorry that I began by making him 
such a detestable speller. There is no fun in bad spell- 
ing of itself, but only where the mis-spelling suggests 
something else which is droll per se. You see I am get- 
ting him out of it gradually. I mean to altogether. 
Parson Wilbur is about to propose a subscription for fit- 
ting him for college, and has already commenced his 
education. Perhaps you like the last best because it is 
more personal and has therefore more directness of pur- 
pose. But I confess I think that Birdofredom’s attempt 
to explain the Anglo-Saxon theory is the best thing yet, 
except Parson Wilbur’s letter in the Courzer of last Sat- 
urday (to-day week). The only further use I shall put 
Hosea to will be to stir up the Legislater at the next 
session on the subject of allowing women to retain their 
own earnings, etc. 

My satire* remains just as it was. About six hun- 
dred lines I think are written. I left it because I wished 
to finish it in one mood of mind, and not to get that and 
my serious poems in the new volume entangled. Itisa 
rambling, disjointed affair, and I may alter the form of 
it, but if I can get it read I know it will take. I intend 
to give it some serial title and continue it at intervals. 


* «The Fable for Critics.” 


I20 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1847 


I think my next volume will sell better than my others, 
for,as you say, Hosea has been a kind of advertisement. 
He, of course, has nothing to do with the book. He in- 
tends publishing a volume of his own before long... . 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Friday, 31 Dec., 1847. 

My dear Friend,—I have not time left to say much 
more than Happy New Year! I have been hard at work 
copying my satire, that I might get it (what was finished 
of it, at least) to you by New-Year’s Day as a present. 
As it is, I can only send the first part. It was all writ- 
ten with one impulse and was the work of not a great 
many hours, but it was written in good spirits (cox 
amore, as Leupp said he used to smoke), and therefore 
seems to me to have a hearty and -easy swing about it 
that is pleasant. But I was interrupted midway by be- 
ing obliged to get ready the copy for my volume, and I 
have never been able to weld my present mood upon the 
old one without making an ugly swelling at the joint. 

I wish you to understand that I make you a New- 
Year's gift, not of the manuscript, but of the thing itself. 
I wish you to get it printed (if you think the sale will 
warrant it) for your own benefit. At the same time I 
am desirous of retaining my copyright in order that, if 
circumstances render it desirable, I may still possess a 
control over it. Therefore, if you think it would repay 
publishing (7 have no doubt of it, or I should not offer it 
to you) I wish you would enter the copyright in your 
own name, and then make a transfer to me in “ consid- 
eration of,” etc. 


1847] TO C. F. BRIGGS 12% 


I am making as particular directions as if I were 
drawing my will, but I have a sort of presentiment 
(which I never had in regard to anything else) that this 
little bit of pleasantry will take. Perhaps I have said 
too much of the Centurion. But it was only the com- 
icality of his character that attracted me—for the man 
himself personally never entered my head. But the 
sketch is clever? 

I am going to indulge all my fun in a volume of H. 
Biglow’s verses which I am preparing, and which I shall 
edit under the character of the Rev. Mr. Wilbur. I hope 
you saw Mr. B.’s last production, which I consider his 
best hitherto. I am going to include in the volume an 
essay of the reverend gentleman on the Yankee dialect, 
and on dialects in general, and on everything else, and 
also an attempt at a complete natural history of the 
Humbug—which I think I shall write in Latin. The 
book will purport to be published at Jaalam (Mr. B.’s 
native place), and will be printed on brownish paper with 
those little head and tail-pieces which used to adorn our 


earlier publications—such as hives, scrolls, urns, and the 
like. 

I think my new volume an advance, though nothing 
like what my next will be. My pieces hamper me till I 
get them shut up in a book. Then I feel free of them 
and can do better. People are qualifying a rather un- 
willing recognition of me by talking of my crudeness 
and the want of polish in my versification. Now, I may 
be a bad poet (I don’t mean to say I think that I am), 
but I am a good versifier. I write with far more ease in 
verse than in prose; I have studied the subject, and I 


122 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


understand it from beginning to end. There is not a 
rough verse in my book that isn’t intentional, and if my 
critics’ ears were as good as they are long, they'd per- 
ceive it. JI don’t believe the man ever lived who put 
more conscience into his verses than I do. Good-bye. I 
want your opinion on what I have sent immediately.... 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Monday, Feb. 1, 1848. 

My dear Friend,— .. . Of course I am perfectly will- 
ing that you should use my name to the publisher. I 
could not help laughing as I read your proposed disposi- 
tion of the expected finances. To look at you in the 
character of Alnaschar was something so novel as to be 
quite captivating to my imagination. Not that I have 
any fear that you will kick over the basket, but I am 
afraid the contents will hardly be so attractive to the 
public as to allow proceeds of the sale to be divided 
into three. It is really quite a triumph to be able to 
laugh at my practical friend. However, I will not im- 
poverish your future, but will let you enjoy it as long as 
it lasts. 

A visitor has just come in, and I must say what I 
have to say quickly. I have now, in addition to what I 
sent you, and exclusive of Emerson, etc., about a hun- 
dred lines written, chiefly about Willis and Longfellow. 
But, in your arrangements with the printer, you must 
reckon on allowing me at least a month. I cannot 
write unless in the mood, and I am taken up now with 
my review (it is on Browning), which I have to weigh 
well (in the critical part) and which I do not wish to be 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 123 


duller than its predecessors. Bowen* seems to regard 
me as the wit of his Review, and I must keep up my 
character if I die for it. 

The new poemt I spoke of is a sort of a story, and 
more likely to be popular than what I write generally. 
Maria thinks very highly of it. I shall probably publish 
it by itself next summer. 

io. Bestulave: to, Pages. Chanktyow for your. com. 
bined broadside. I love to have the kinder notices of 
me appear in such out-of-the-way places. It is the true 
way to begin at the bottom. I shall work up into the 
stupid quarterlies in good time. I liked the notice very 
much, but you know that I knew before what you two 
thought about me. I will try to deserve it all one of 
these days. 

: Most affectionately your friend, 
Jakes. 
TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
Elmwood, 1848. 

... 1, for one, came into the antislavery ranks after 
the chief burthen and heat of the day were over, and I 
would always bear in mind that excellent saying of old 
Fuller, that “there is more required to make one valiant 
than to call Cranmer and Jewell coward,” as if the fire in 
Smithfield had been no hotter than what is painted in 
the Book of Martyrs. There is in this the unerring 
wisdom of a kind heart. Yet I would qualify it with 
another of the same author. “One may be a lamb in 


* Professor Francis Bowen, then editor of the Worth American 
Review. 


oSit launials 


I24 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


private wrongs, but in hearing general affronts to good- 


? 


ness, they are asses which are not lions.... 


TOSCO BRIGGS 
Elmwood, March 26, 1848. 

My dear Friend,— ... Now about the “Fable.” 
Since I sent you the first half, I have written something 
about Willis and about Longfellow—and I am waiting 
for pleasanter weather in order to finish it. I want to 
get my windows open and to write in the fresh air. I 
ought not to have sent you any part of it till I had fin- 
ished it entirely. I feel a sense of responsibility which 
hinders my pen from running along as it ought in such 
atheme. I wish the last half to be as jolly and uncon- 
strained as the first. If you had not praised what I sent 
you, I dare say you would have had the whole of it ere 
this. Praise is the only thing that can make me feel any 
doubt of myself. Those poor fellows who provoke you 
so by attacking me in the magazines are throwing away 
their time. They go the wrong way to work. Let them 
applaud, and it might keep me silent foratime. Saint 
Austin (or some other saint as good as he, I dare say) 


’ 


says, “Laudart a bonis timeo, a malis adetestor,” and 
there is more sense in the remark than one would have 
expected from any of the Fathers. 

Meanwhile I have not been wholly idle. You will 
find an article of mine on Browning in the next Worth 
American in which there will be some things to make 
you laugh. The notice of Tennyson’s “ Princess” in 
the last Massachusetts Quarterly was mine. I expect 


to write an article on the “ Conditions and Prospects of 


1848] TO C. F, BRIGGS 125 


American Poetry” in the July V. A. #., and the Quar- 
terly editors are anxious to have me give them some- 
thing about W.S. Landor for their June number. 

I have also engaged to write an article a week for the 
Anti-Slavery Standard for one year, and they are to pay 
me $500. I did not like to take pay for antislavery 
work, but as my abolitionism has cut me off from the 
most profitable sources of my literary emolument, as 
the offer was unsolicited on my part, and as I wanted 
the money, I thought I had a right to take it. I have 
spent more than my income every year since I have 
been married, and that only for necessities. If I can 
once get clear, I think I can keepso. Ido not agree 
with the abolitionists in their disunion and non-voting 
theories. They treat ideas as ignorant persons do cher- 
ries. They think them unwholesome unless they are 
swallowed stones and all. Garrison is so used to stand- 
ing alone that, like Daniel Boone, he moves away as the 
world creeps up to him, and goes farther zz¢o the wilder- 
ness. He considers every step a step forward, though it 
be over the edge of a precipice. But, with all his faults 
(and they are the faults of his position), he is a great and 
extraordinary man. His work may be over, but it has 
been a great work. Posterity will forget his hard words, 
and remember his hard work. I look upon him already 
as an historical personage, as one who is in his niche. 
You say it is a merit of Theodore Parker's letter that 
there is no “ Garrisonism ” in it. Why, it is full of Gar- 
risonism from one end to the other. But for Garrison’s 
seventeen years’ toil, the book had never been written. 
I love you (and love includes respect); I respect Gar- 


126 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


rison (respect does not include love). There never has 
been a leader of Reform who was not also a blackguard. 
Remember that Garrison was so long in a position 
where he alone was right and all the world wrong, that 
such a position has created in him a habit of mind 
which may remain, though circumstances have wholly | 
changed. Indeed, a mind of that cast is essential to 
a Reformer. Luther was as infallible as any man that 
ever held St. Peter’s keys. For the very reason that 
Garrison has done an injustice to you, I will not have 
you do one to him, because I love you. I have not 
read Garrison’s article about the Howitts. But Sydney 
told me of it, and showed me your letter—which made 
me laugh. You shall hear from me about it in another 
way. 

Now, I will tell you the three objects I had in writing 
my article in the next Worth American Review. First, 
I wished to say something about criticism; second, to 
do Browning a service; and third, to see you and Page. 
You do not see how this last has anything to do with it? 
Well, I shall get twenty odd dollars for the article on 
All-fools-day. This I shall set apart to pay the expenses 
of a visit to New York, which I shall set out upon as soon 
as I have finished the “ Fable.” I shall write to you so 
that you can have it printed, and I can read the proof- 
sheets when I come. As to your plan for dividing the 
profits, I will have nothing to do with it. I wish they 
might be a thousand dollars with all my heart, but I do 
not think that they will be more than enough to buy 
something for my little niece there in New York. If I 
had not thought it the only poem I ever wrote on which 


1848] TO C. F. BRIGGS 127 


there was like to be some immediate profit, I should never 
have given it to you at all. In making it a present to 
you, I was giving myself a douceur, and the greater the 
sale, the larger the bribe to myself. A part of the con- 
dition is that if it make a loss—I pay it. If this be not 
agreed to, the bargain is null, and I never will finish it. 
So no more about that, and do not think of me ever as 
Je RL, the author, but simply as° J’ RS Lithatiloves 
you. I wz? have two or three quiet nooks into which 
I can retreat from the pursuit of my own title-pages. 
Let me be just the plain max to you, and forget that I 
ever took pen in hand except to write you a stupid 
letter. You are a great deal better than anything you 
write, and Page than anything he paints, and I always 
think of you without your pen, and of him without his 
brushes. If I did not think that I were better than 
my books, I should never dream of writing another. 
But I do dream of writing many, and such, too, as shall 
more fully express the real and whole me, and better 
justify the opinions of those who know me. You area 
funny fellow, and I know you laugh at me sometimes, 
but you may laugh all day long if you will love me at 
the same time. It is an advantage to friendship that 
the friends should be as far apart as we are. The two 
minds cannot then rub together till they are smooth 
and can cling no longer except by atmospheric pressure 
from without—if that be what makes two smooth sur- 
faces (plane, I mean) adhere. 

Now that I ave let you into the secret of the 
“Fable” before it was finished, I hope you will write 
and give me a spur. I suppose you did not wish to 


128 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


say anything about it after it became yours. But I 
wish to be dunned. Tell me whether its being pub- 
lished at any particular time will make any difference, 
etc., etc., and make any suggestions. I think I shall 
say nothing about Margaret Fuller (though she offer so 
fair a target), because she has done me an ill-natured 
turn. I shall revenge myself amply upon her by writ- 
ing better. She is a very foolish, conceited woman, 
who has got together a great deal of information, but 
not enough knowledge to save her from being ill-tem- 
pered. However, the temptation may be too strong 
for me. It certainly would have been if she had never 
said anything about me. Even Maria thinks I ought 
to give her a line or two. 

Well, I only meant to say salve et vale/ but here I 
am at the end of my fourth page. Forgive me this 
once more, and remember me always as your loving 
friend. 


Ryn Od Ba: 
I need send no love to W. P. 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
Elmwood, 27th April, 1848. 
My dear Sydney,—I send you something of my friend 
Hosea,* which I have copied rather hastily from his 
somewhat obscure chirography. There was a note of 
his accompanying it which I have not time to copy. I 
will send it to-morrow. . . . You can take your choice 
between this and the other. Both will keep a week, I 
think. The other’s the best, this the most taking. It 


* “The Pious Editor’s Creed.” 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 129 


is not so humorous as some of Hosea’s productions, but 
it is by far the wittiest. Whichever you take for this 
week, the other must be delayed a fortnight, as I should 
rather have a prose article next. I may send some more 
stanzas when I send Hosea’s introductory note. 


Yours, 
dia eta Oy 


Take care of praying and preying in fifth stanza. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Friday, May 5, 1848. 

... Your beautiful specimen of engraving * came safe- 
ly and satisfactorily to hand. Nothing could have been 
more opportune. I had just sent the last money I had 
in the world to Francis Jackson for the defence of the 
captives at Washington. I had three cents left. Sel- 
dom has the Pierian Spring afforded a more refreshing 
draft. 

I have contrived to whittle out something this morn- 
ing for you in time for the mail, though my head is so 
full of the Washington fugitives that I can hardly think 
of anything else, but so full that I cannot write about 
them with any satisfaction. You will see that Hosea 
has expressed some sentiments on the occasion in the 
Courter.t Had I thought of writing it soon enough I 
should have sent it to you. But it would not have kept 
so well for a fortnight. The one I sent you is better, 
though not so well adapted to the ears of the ground- 
lings. 

* A bank-note or banker’s draft. 
+ “ The Debate in the Sennit, sot toa Nusry Rhyme.” 
9 


130 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


I am as glad as you are to be one in advance, and 
shall try to keep so. I shall probably send a poem 
next week... . 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, May 12, 1848. 


My dear Friend,— ... Here I am in my garret. I 
slept here when I was a little curly-headed boy, and 
used to see visions between me and the ceiling, and 
dream the so often recurring dream of having the earth 
put into my hand like an orange. In it I used to be 
shut up without a lamp—my mother saying that none 
of her children should be afraid of the dark—to hide 
my head under the pillows, and then not be able to 
shut out the shapeless monsters that thronged around 
me, minted in my brain. It is a pleasant room, facing, 
from the position of the house, almost equally towards 
the morning and the afternoon. In winter I can see the 
sunset, in summer I can see it only as it lights up the 
tall trunks of the English elms in front of the house, 
making them sometimes, when the sky behind them is 
lead-colored, seem of the most brilliant yellow. When 
the sun, towards setting, breaks out suddenly after a 
thunder-shower and I see them against an almost black 
sky, they have seemed of a most peculiar and dazzling 
green tint, like the rust on copper. In winter my view 
is a wide one, taking in a part of Boston. I can see one 
long curve of the Charles, and the wide fields between 
me and Cambridge, and the flat marshes beyond the 
river, smooth and silent with glittering snow. As the 
spring advances and one after another of our trees puts 


ee 


1848] TO C. F., BRIGGS 131 


forth, the landscape is cut off from me piece by piece, 
till, by the end of May, I am closeted in a cool and rust- 
ling privacy of leaves. Then I begin to bud with the 
season. ‘Towards the close of winter I become thor- 
oughly wearied of closed windows and fires. I feel 
dammed up, and yet there is not flow enough in me to 
gather any head of water. When I can sit at my open 
window and my friendly leaves hold their hands before 
my eyes to prevent their wandering to the landscape, I 
can sit down and write. 

I have begun upon the “ Fable” again fairly, and am 
making some headway. I think with what I sent you 
(which I believe was about 500 lines) it will make some- 
thing over a thousand. I have done, since I sent the 
first half, Willis, Longfellow, Bryant, Miss Fuller, and 
Mrs. Child. In Longfellow’s case I have attempted no 
characterization. The same (in a degree) may be said of 
S.M.F. With her I have been perfectly good-humored, 
but I have a fancy that what I say will stick uncomfort- 
ably. It will make you laugh. Sowill L.M.C. After 
S. M. F. I make a short digression on bores in general, 
which has some drollery in it. Willis I think good. Bry- 
ant is funny, and as fair as I could make it, immitigably 
just. Indeed I have endeavored to be soinall. Iam 
glad I did Bryant before I got your letter. The only 
verses I shall add regarding him are some complimen- 
tary ones, which I left for a happier mood after I had 
written the comic part. J steal from him indeed! If 
he knew me he would not say so. When I steal I shall 
go to a specie-vault, not to a till. Does he think that 
he znvented the Past and has a prescription title to 


132 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


it?* Do not think I am provoked. I am simply 
amused. If he had rvz/ed me, I might have knocked him 
into a cocked hat in my satire. But that, on second 
thought, would be no revenge, for it might make him 
President, a cocked hat being now the chief qualifica- 
tion. It would be more severe to knock him into the 
middle of next week, as that is in the future, and he has 
such a partiality towards the past. However, enough of 
him. My next volume will be enough revenge, for it 
will be better than my last... . 

I like a great many of your architectural notions ex- 
tremely. They are characterized by that sound sense 
which, whatever people may prate of inspiration and 
what not, built the cathedrals and whatever noble build- 
ings we have. But I think you have an unfounded prej- 
udice against the Gothic. You think it absurd to bring 
back the architecture of a“ Barbarous Age,” as you call 
it. The age which produced those buildings was not 
barbarous. That which produces Trinity Church + zs, be- 
cause it is an abortion, because the conception of the 
edifice was never clear in the mind of the builder. The 
Gothic style is just as fit for a church (meeting-house) as 
ever; the difficulty is that The Church has shrunk so as 
not to fill her ancient idea. Gothic church-buildings are 
dark because they are no longer irradiated with the faith 
and piety which formerly lighted them up like Alloway 
Kirk. We shall never have a new architecture. The 
invention of printing destroyed the last hope of it. For- 


* Bryant had written a poem with the same title as Lowell’s, 
reto thevPast. 
+ In New York. 


1848] TO C. F. BRIGGS 133 


merly a great Imagination strove to make itself durable 
in stone and mortar. Nowit builds a securer monument 
with types and paper. Shakespeare might have invented 
a new order of architecture had he lived in the Middle 
Ages. Coming later, as he did, he invented a new order 
of poetry—for, let the mousers trace all the resemblances 
they will, it is entirely new in its idea. Building is the 
play of a younger and less self-conscious age. It is chil- 
dren who play with blocks and make card-houses. You 
are doubtless right when you say (as I have heard you) 
that fitness for its use is the test of a good building. 
That is, you are partly right. Fitness is a good thing, 
and, were buildings underground, would be the only 
thing. But a good building appeals not only to the 
sense of constructiveness, it should in some sort depend 
for its effect on its capability of satisfying all the quali- 
ties of the mind—or all the artistic ones, at least. 
Should Page draw his Ruth in simple outline, it would 
express his idea, but not a// his idea nor all sides of it. 
He wishes also to delight the sense of color, of arrange- 
ment, etc. It seems to me that one leading fault of our 
architecture, as in that of new countries everywhere, is 
want of proportion. But we of necessity build so much 
and our people learn so quickly, that I cannot help look- 
ing for good architecture here, though I despair of xew. 
I think that many of the granite warehouses in Boston 
(the ones lately built) are fine buildings. But there is 
an offensive parsimony in the use of ornament. For 
example, they put sometimes a hood (or whatever you 
call it) over the top of a window with no corresponding 
projection below, giving the effect of a person with a pro- 


134 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


jecting upper jaw. Then, for the sake of your idol of fit- 
ness (/ight being the chief requisite where the basement 
story consists of shops), they support a heavy super- 
structure on slender iron pillars, and in this way pro- 
duce buildings which I expect to tumble on me when- 
ever I passthem. While our church-buildings are poor 
and jejune because our Church is dead, our ships, our 
railroad stations, and our shops are our best specimens 
of architecture because commerce, trade, and stocks are 
our religion. These are the temples we erect to Mam- 
mon, our God. 

The next time you write will you give me the last 
line of that part of the “Fable” I sent you, and let it 
be soon? I wish to begin to copy the additions. The 
sooner you let me know, the sooner you will get the 
rest—so there is a bribe for you to write... . 

I fear you will not find much to please you in my 
contributions to the Standard. It is not the place for 
me. It fags me to deal with particulars. The tendency 
of my mind is too reflective. I can interest myself in 
general ideas (such as include the particulars), but weary 
of their application to the present. The poems I send 
you will like. And yesterday I sent Sydney an imagi- 
nary conversation which I would have you read.* How- 
ever, I have hardly got warm in the saddle yet, and, at 
any rate, I do not feel uncomfortable, for I told them 
frankly beforehand that I thought they made a mistake 
in engaging me. I do not know how I should have got 
through the year without the salary, though. I am 


* « An Imaginary Conversation,” in which the speakers were 
Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Foote, and General Cass. 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 135 


afraid to sell the land we own, for fear I should in some 
way lose the proceeds, and it produces a very small in- 
come. One of my tenants I have just let off from his 
lease, because he thought he could do better with less 
land. This takes off about a sixth of my income. An- 
other has not yet paid me a cent, and I cannot ask him 
for it, since it seems to me that the man who tills the 
land and makes it useful has a better right to it than he 
who has merely inherited it. But with my Standard 
salary I shall be rich, after I have paid a note which I 
gave for the stereotype plates of my last volume, and 
which will be due on the third of June. This will pre- 
vent my coming on till after that time, as I shall want 
every cent of money due me till then to pay it with. I 
hope to finish the “Fable” next week. 
Your dear friend, 
iia 
TO SYDNEY Hi GAy 
Elmwood, May 12, 1848. 

My dear Sydney,—I send this week an zimmense deal 
of pork forashilling. I suppose you will not have room 
for it next week, as the Annual Meeting will fill your 
paper. The note to yourself I wish you would insert in 
your Correspondence Department, when you find room. 

As usual, I have just saved the mail, and have no time 
to say anything. I cannot come on till after the first 
week in June, as I have a note to pay on the 4th (for 
stereotyping my poems). Your remittance at the end 
of this month will oblige me as much as it did before. 
Without it, I shall have to borrow money. But perhaps 
your Congress have not ratified the doings of the Com- 


136 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


mittee, and have turned me out? You will see by this 
week’s grist that I have just got the hang of the tread- 
mill. 
Affectionately yours, 
pias 
TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, May 19, 1848. 

I send you another Hosea. Iam rather stupid this 
morning, and don’t know whether it’s the thing or not. 
It’s everlasting hot to-day. Don’t print it at any rate 
till after the Conversation. 

I have not seen this week’s Standard, and do not know 
what you have printed. 

I shall Gf I am well) be in N. Y. the first or second 
week in June to a certainty, and then we can talk mat- 
ters over. 

Tell Briggs I have finished John Neal, Hawthorne, 
Cooper, myself, and something more, and that there will 
not be more than twelve hundred lines. ... 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, June 8, 1848. 

My dear Sydney,—The draft came just in time. I 
got it on the second and the note was due on the third. 

I send something which you can either put in without 
any title or call it “ Freedom,” just as you please. There 
is something in it which I like. 

Never before could I have thought that New York 
would have appeared to me in the light of a Fortunate 
Island. But it seems to recede before me. I thought 
to see you this week—but cannot come yet. I cannot 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 137 


come without any money, and leave my wife with 624 
cents, such being the budget brought in by my secretary 
of the treasury this week. Tell Briggs that his ticket 
came safely, and that I am thankful therefor. I am 
expecting some money daily—I always am—lI always 
have been, and yet have never been fairly out of debt 
since I entered college. But Providence will certainly 
turn an eye my way soon, and then I shall get to New 
York and see you all. 

You never have made a single criticism yet. Not 
that I should not row you up—but then I might profit 
by them after that. I mean, you never have told me 
whether I send what the paper wants. 


Good-by, 
H. WILBUR. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, June 29, 1848. 

... Ll send you something this week which has the bene- 
fit of my own approbation, as you will perceive by my 
having for the first time subjoined my initials.* Per- 
haps I give it too much credit. It is just written, and I 
am not far enough off from it yet to get a proper view. 
Don’t let ’em print “a cross” across in the last verse. ... 


TO C.F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Aug. 22, 1848. 
... At length you have the whole [of the “ Fable for 
Critics ””]|—that is, I hope so, for I have not heard yet 
whether you have found the first part or not. Let 


? 


*The poem “To Lamartine.’ 


138 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


me know soon, and also whether I shall have a proof 
BOOM. Gi 

I hope that while the “ Fable” is going through the 
press you will make frankly every suggestion and criti- 
cism that occurs to you—and be as mznute as you 
PIEaSeLi 

I cannot tell you now what a truly happy time I had 
in New York, only it was quite too short.... 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 


Elmwood, Sept. 2, 1848. 
... We are all well, and I am as busy as I can be with 
Mr. Biglow’s poems, of which I have got between twenty 
and thirty pages already printed. It is the hardest book 
to print that ever I had anything to do with, and, what 
with corrections and Mr. Wilbur’s annotations, keeps me 
more employed than I care to be... . 


TOOCy Fe (BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Sunday, Sept. 3, 1848. 

My dear Friend,— ... For your other gift, of 
“Keats’s Life,” I have other thanks to offer. It isa 
book that I have long desired to see. Indeed, I once 
meditated the raising of such a monument to him my- 
self (it was in 1840), and, I think, had even gone so far 
as to write a letter to his brother George—which I never 
sent. Keats was a rare and great genius. He had, I 
think, the finest and richest fancy that has been seen 
since Shakespeare. And his imagination gave promise 
of an equal development. Ought we to sorrow for his 


1848] TO C. F. BRIGGS 139 


early death, or to be glad that we have in his works an 
eternal dawn of poesy, as in Shakespeare we have early 
morning and full day? Forever and forever shall we be 
able to bathe our temples in the cool dew which hangs 
upon his verse. 

I love above all other reading the early letters of men 
of genius. In that struggling, hoping, confident time 
the world has not slipped in with its odious conscious- 
ness, its vulgar claim of confidantship, between them 
and their inspiration. In reading these letters I can 
recall my former self, full of an aspiration which had 
not learned how hard the hills of life are to climb, 
but thought rather to alight down upon them from its 
winged vantage-ground. Whose fulfilment has ever 
come nigh the glorious greatness of his yet never-balked 
youth? As we grow older, art becomes to us a definite 
faculty, instead of a boundless sense of power. Then 
we felt the wings burst from our shoulders; they were a 
gift and a triumph, and a bare flutter from twig to twig 
seemed aquiline to us; but now our vans, though broad- 
er grown and stronger, are matters of every day. We 
may reach our Promised Land; but it is far behind us in 
the Wilderness, in the early time of struggle, that we 
have left our Sinais and our personal talk with God in 
the bush. I think it fortunate to have dear friends far 
away. For not only does absence have something of 
the sanctifying privilege of death, but we dare speak in 
the little closet of a letter what we should not have the > 
face to at the corner of the street, and the more of our 
confidence we give to another, the more are we our- 
selves enlarged. It is good also, on another account, to 


140 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


pour ourselves out, for it gives room for other thoughts 
to be poured in. The mind and the heart must have 
this outlet or they would stagnate. 

Something which I have said about “ Keats’s Life” re- 
minds me of some verses which I wrote in 1839, and 
which I saved from a pretty general incremation of old 
lumber a few weeks ago. You will like to read them. 


Sometimes the simplest word, 
Though often heard 
And heeded not, 
The shadow of a bird 
Flashing across a sunny spot, 
A breath of air, 
A bullock’s low, 
A smell of flowers, 
Hath power to call from everywhere 
- The spirits of forgotten hours; 
Hours when the heart was fresh and young, 
When every string in freedom rung, 
Ere life had shed one leaf of green, 
And the cold earth had come between 
The spirit and its right, 
Blotting with a dull eclipse 
The heavenly light 
That gave a glory to the sight 
And words of wonder to the sinless lips. 
* * * * * 
O glorious power ! 
O daily second birth! 
Who the most lowly wayside flower 
Canst clothe with might to make anew our earth, 
And by a pebble small 
Canst give us back our childhood’s dower, 
Break custom’s freezing thrall 
And to the wilted soul its lusty spring recall. 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY I41 


Here my balloon comes plump against terra firma 
again, and I am dragged about among squash and potato- 
vines and other such prosaic commodities—for I am re- 
minded of the proof-sheets you sent me. I wish to keep 
them two or three days, and will leave all I have to say 
till Isend them back. I only got them yesterday evening. 

Iam much overrun with proofs, as Bishop Hatto was 
with rats, and sometimes feel almost inclined to swear 
that I will never write anything again. I made sucha 
resolve at the beginning of the summer, and here I am 
correcting the press for an anonymous satirist and for 
Mr. Hosea Biglow (no easy task to perform properly), 
and writing notes which I have no question that unscru- 
pulous priest, Parson Wilbur, will palm upon the public 
for his own. Besides this I expect to print that other 
little narrative poem of ‘“ Sir Launfal,” of which I spoke, 
and of which Page shall have his copy as soon as I have 


Dire ies Your loving friend, JeRen: 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
Elmwood, Sept., 1848. 

My dear Sydney,—I suppose your readers will like a 
poem by way of variety—although I feel as if I were 
cheating you because it will not fill up so well as a 
proser would. The truth is, that Iam so wearied out 
with Mr. Biglow and his tiresome (though wholly re- 
spectable) friend Mr. Wilbur, that I was obliged to 
‘search my coffers round” for some sort of a tub to 
throw to you. This having to do with printers is dread- 
ful business. There was a Mr. Melville who, I believe, 
enjoyed it, but, for my part, I am heartily sick of Tyfee. 


142 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


When I get through with this job I shall devote more 
time to the Standard. ‘The truth is that our position is 
so purely destructive that one must look at everything 
from a point of crztzczsm which is wearisome. However, 
I warned you beforehand that I should not be worth my 
salt, and stipulated that the Society should be free to 
dismiss me whenever they got tired of me. It has been 
a good thing for me, for it has enabled me to get out 
of debt. I have got now money enough in the bank to 
pay my taxes, and five dollars in my pocket. Croesus 
was no richer.... 

Affectionately your friend, 
Liha tan B 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Saturday, Oct., 1848. 

My dear Sydney,—In future I will go into the Stand- 

ard with my coat off. J expect to be free of Hosea in 

two days more. I should have sent this yesterday, but 

it was not written, and I was working like a dog all day, 

preparing a glossary and an zadex.* If I ever make an- 
other glossary or index—!... 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 1848. 
My dear Friend,—If it be not too late, strike out 
these four verses in “ Miranda”’: 


There is one thing she owns in her own private right, 
It is native and genuine—namely her spite; 


* To “ The Biglow Papers,” 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 143 


When she acts as a censor, she privately blows 
A censer of vanity, neath her own nose. 


Also, if the note on pronunciation of Cowper’s name be 
printed as prose, see that the rest are done in the same 
manner. I have not meddled with them in the proof, 
because I did not know about the other. 

I send half the proof to-day—t’other to-morrow with 
Irving and Judd. I am druv ltke all possessed. J am 
keeping up with the printers with Wilbur’s notes, glos- 
sary, index, and introduction. I have two sets of hands 
to satiate—one on the body of book, one on the ex- 
tremities. I wish to see title-page and preface. ... 


More to-morrow. 
Ever yours, 


PeSiweee 
TO SYDNEY He GAV 
Elmwood, Saturday, Nov., 1848. 

. . . Hosea ts done with and will soon be out. It 
made fifty pages more than I expected and so took 
longer. I never found it so hard to write my quota for 
the Standard. Iwish to laf.... 


TO THE SAME 
Nov. ro, 1848. 


. .. I shall send you a copy of Hosea in next week’s 
Liberator bundle. It will be out, I suppose, to-day. 
So we are going to have Taylor* after all. Tell Briggs 
that I had not so much faith in the brutality of the peo- 
ple as he had. I suppose we shall have another cursed 
Missouri Compromise. ... 


* General Zachary Taylor, nominated for the Presidency. 


I44 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


TO THE SAME 
Nov. 25, 1848. 


. The first edition of Hosea is nearly exhausted 
already, and “ Sir Launfal” is printed, and will be out 
insa WEEK OF 50. Je)s ts 


TO THE SAME 
Friday Morning, Dec. 1, 1848. 

. Last night, just as I was sitting down (after the 
labors of Thanksgiving) to write my weekly allowance, 
a fire broke out in Cambridge and drew me down to the 
village, where I stayed till I saw the last of Willard’s 
huge stables. I thought, as I came home between eleven 
and twelve, that I should be behindhand again this 
week; but this morning grace has been granted me to 
write the foregoing parable* in just two hours, and I 
have saved my bacon. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Dec. 20, 1848. 

My dear Sydney,—I intended, when I sent my last 
guota, to write to you next day; but one of the many 
lions which haunt letter-writers got in my path, and the 
fulfilment of my design has been put off till to-day, 
when all that I had to say has pretty much evapo- 
rated. 

I was amazingly tickled with your letter. As Wendell 
Holmes said to me about the “ Biglow Papers,” “it made 
me wriggle all over.” If it could only be printed in 


* The poem entitled “A Parable,” which begins, “ Said Christ 
our Lord, ‘I will go and see.’ 


1848] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 145 


the Standard, it would be universally hailed as the best 
thing that ever was init.... 

I told you and the Executive Committee honestly 
before I began that they were setting me about a 
business for which I was not fitted. I feel as if the 
whole of them were looking over my shoulder whenever 
I sit down to write, and it quite paralyzes me. Here 
they are, like so many Californian immigrants, raking 
and sifting and pickaxing and hoeing and shovelling 
and dredging and scratching (and, I fear, damning) my 
brains, and getting nothing but iron pyrites after all. 
The first Horsford* that tests me will find me out, and 
the game will be up. Only when I send you a poem I 
feel as if I were making some sort of restitution. I have 
sent you some of which neither you nor I need be 
ashamed. I am afraid to think of what I gave them for 
the Liberty Bell. I half-parodied it to myself as I went 
along, of which the following is a sufficient specimen, 
and will make you laugh when you see the original: 


“By God’s just judgment I am damned!” 
With a loud voice he cried, 
And then his coffin-lid he slammed, 
And bolted it inside. 


As for your articles being fathered upon me, I am 
glad to hear it, and, if we ever quarrel, I shall hope that 
you will keep forgetting to put my initials after mine. 
Your notice of the “ Biglow Papers” was the best one 
they have had. More than that, however, it was good 


* Professor of chemistry. 
10 


146 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


in itself. It was rather a ticklish job to notice them at 
all, and something like stroking a hedgehog, after I had 
fenced them round so with preliminary notices. Asa 
general thing (I must confess) the notices have zot been 
favorable. But I am quite satisfied with seeing the 
feathers fly. The first edition (1500) were all gone ina 
week—so that the book was actually out of print before 
a second edition could be struck off from the plates. If 
the relative positions of author and publisher were es- 
tablished on a proper footing, I ought to have cleared 
at least $400 by these two editions. As it is, I shall 
make $250, from which something like $200 will be de- 
ducted to pay for my stereotype plates. This, however, 
will also cover the printing of “Sir Launfal,” which 
was published Monday. (Don’t think from the stag- 
gering look of my handwriting -that I have taken to 
eating opium. I strike out three hundred strokes with 
a pair of 24-lb. dumb-bells every morning and even- 
ing, and my hand generally trembles for an hour or two 
after.) } 

Your notice of the “ Fable”’ was the best one I have 
seen. I believe there are not above half a dozen per- 
sons who know how good it is, and you and I make 
two out of these six. I think I shall write something 
yet that will make us laugh. As for the “ Fable,” I 
speak of it as it appeared to me when it was first writ- 
ten. It seems bald and poor enough now, the Lord 
knows. But Briggs must give you a copy of the second 
edition, in which the atrocious misprints of the other 
will be corrected, and to which I have prefixed a new 
preface, 


1848 | TO SYDNEY H. GAY 147 


. . . By all means bring your boy up a non-resistant, 
my dear Sydney, if you wish to retain any authority 
over him. Teach him to heap coals of fire on your 
head by passive obedience, and get him early accus- 
tomed to the birch. Cut down all the ailanthi and plant 
birch-trees. It will pay in the end. The ailanthus is 
brittle and of no practical efficacy. Depend upon it, 
children have gone so far in this generation that they 
will be breeching their fathers in the next, unless vigor- 
ous and early measures be taken. 


Affectionately yours, 
Jaga ,. 


TO THE SAME 
Dec. 22, 1848. 

. .. I send something this week rather alien (in ap- 
pearance) to your denouncing and excoriating columns, 
but which has, nevertheless, its appropriateness. Con- 
sole yourself that it has found out something new to 
abuse, and be thankful that the circle of philanthropy 
is enlarging. Next week I expect to send verses. 

I shall send you “Sir Launfal” in a day or two. I 
could not get copies enough yesterday. To-day our 
first winter has set in with a tremendous north-easterly 
snow-storm. It is Forefathers’ Day, you remember. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Saturday Morning. 
... 1 open my letter to send you the enclosed article 
which I wrote “whether or no,” thinking you might be 
short of copy. If I find the package doesn’t weigh too 
much, I shall enclose also two articles from the Dazly 


148 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1848 


News, in which I have corrected a misprint or two. 
I wish you to be neighborly and let me know what 
you are most in want of, and I will supply it if pos- 


sible. ti 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Friday Morning, Dec., 1848. 

My dear Friend,—Last night .. . I walked to Water- 
town over the snow with the new moon before me and 
a sky exactly like that in Page’s evening landscape. 
Orion was rising behind me, and, as I stood on the hill 
just before you enter the village, the stillness of the 
fields around me was delicious, broken only by the tin- 
kle of a little brook which runs too swiftly for Frost to 
catch it. My picture of the brook in “Sir Launfal”’ 
was drawn from it. But why do I send you this de- 
scription—like the bones of a chicken I had picked? 
Simply because I was so happy as I stood there, and 
felt so sure of doing something that would justify my 
friends. But why do I not say that I save done some- 
thing? I believe that I have done better than the 
world knows yet, but the past seems so little compared 
with the future. ... I am the first poet who has endeav- 
ored to express the American Idea, and I shall be pop- 
ular by and by. Only I suppose I must be dead first. 
But I do not want anything more than I have. Never 
had poet better friends, and never poet loved them 
better v7. 

If you ever see Bartlett, the Americanisms man, I 
wish you would tell him that 1 made a good many 
notes in reading his book, which shall be at his service 


1849] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 149 


for a second edition if he likes. I know Yankee, if I 
know nothing else. 
I shall write you a letter next week. 


God bless you, 
A ed et hap: 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
Friday, Jan. 5, 1849. 

... Don’t you like the poem * I sent you last week? 
I was inclined to think pretty well of it, but I have not 
seen it in print yet. The little mill stands in a valley 
between one of the spurs of Wellington Hill and the 
main summit, Just on the edge of Waltham. It is surely 
one of the loveliest spots in the world. It is one of my 
lions, and if you will make me a visit this spring I will 
take you up to hear it roar, and I will show you “the 
—the largest, I fancy, left in the country. ... 


9 


oaks 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Feb. 26, 1849. 

... It was not because I had taken a miff that I did 
not subjoin any private communication to the last few 
weekly sheets for the Standard, but simply because I 
had just time to save the mail, which closes at the in- 
convenient hour of 1 o’clock. My own house has too 
many vitreous points about it to allow me to think of 
throwing any stones. 

If ever letter deserved the name of providential raven 
it was your last. Not for its blackness, nor for any the 
least unpleasantness in its note, but for the supply it 


* “ Beaver Brook,” 


150 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


brought to a famishing man. Though I am now a mid- 
dle-aged man, having accomplished my thirtieth year on 
the 22d of this month, my constitution is still vigorous 
enough to be able to bear a draft. I think I could sit 
exposed to such as yours all day long without taking 
cold. 

The truth is, that I have just been able to keep my 
head above water; but there is a hole in my life-pre- 
server, and what wind I can raise from your quarter 
generally comes just in season to make up for leakage 
and save me from total submersion. Since the day 
after I received your remittance for December I have 
literally not had a copper, except a small sum which I 
borrowed. It was all spent before I got it. So is all 
the last one, too. As long as I have money I don’t 
think anything about it, except to fancy my present 
stock inexhaustible and capable of buying up the world ; 
but when I have it not, I entertain lawless and uncer- 
tain thoughts. I question those fallacious distinctions 
of meum and tuum which lie at the foundation of all 
right of property in the present social state. I become 
ferociously radical, and look upon Abbott Lawrence 
with communistic eyes. My dear friend, if you would 
keep alive in me those fine feelings of superiority which 
belong to and characterize the gentleman, send your 
next draft without delay. 

It is entirely my own fault that I am always in straits. 
I might have had $250 in my pocket at this minute 
from the sale of my last two books. But I had already 
taken up near $100 in cash and books, and my bill for 
stereotyping (which I pay myself) is $225. There were 


1849] TO SYDNEY H. GAY I51 


a great many alterations of spelling made in the plates 
of the “ Biglow Papers,” which added much to the ex- 
pense. I ought not to have stereotyped at all. But we 
are never done with cutting eye-teeth. When I reflect 
on the dangers incident to dentition, and the incredible 
number of those teeth I have cut, I wonder that I am 
alive at this minute. It is no wonder, with such a sup- 
ply of canines, that I should have become carnivorous 
again. Should not I be a terrible fellow if I became 
hydrophobic? This is a temperance consideration that 
never before occurred to me. 

Don’t be getting up a subscription for my relief, how- 
ever, for I shall be easy enough in good time. I can 
get along without money as well as any man I ever 
heard of. Indeed, were it not for the recurrence of the 
Ist of January, and a foolish curiosity which infests 
tradesmen at that season in regard to one’s solvency, 
I should never have any trouble. My great happiness 
is that I married Maria; my great unhappiness, that I 
married the daughter of the late A. White, Esq. I can- 
not shake off the imputation of being rich. This is the 
ruin of me. I am positively beflead with runaway slaves 
who wish to buy their wives. They cut and come again. 
I have begun to fancy that polygamy is not unusual 
among them. What can I do? We, in principle, deny 
the right of compensation. But if a man comes and 
asks us to help him buy a wife or child, what are we to 
do? I cannot stand such an appeal. So, when I have 
money I give something; when I have none I subscribe, 
to be paid when I have. And I never can tell whether 
they are speaking truth or not. There is a fellow in 


152 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


Cambridge who blacks boots, etc., for students, who in 
vacation takes up the profession of runaway (at least 
he has once), and raises money to buy imaginary (or at 
least superfluous, for he has one in Cambridge) wives, 
and children yet unborn and unbegotten even. On the 
whole, these things heighten one’s zeal against slavery. 

I will macerate myself. I will keep /ext, so that I 
may never more be under the necessity of borrowing. 
I have a whoreson appearance of health and good spirits 
which infects men with a false opinion of my prosperity. 
They will have me rich. I say I have no money, and 
they smile with respectful incredulity. Unfortunately 
it is not my temper to reap any satisfaction from this 
imputed righteousness. Perhaps I should bear riches 
with resignation. I think few of us would hold an um- 
brella (at any rate right side up) against a golden shower. 
But, not to mention zzz, I have not drass enough to be 
rich. A consciousness of external superiority to other 
men is painful to me. I never could ride in a two-horse 
coach with any comfort. I am afraid to meet the eyes 
of passers-by. I know they detect me as an impostor 
at once. On the other hand, I drive my father’s vener- 
able “September” (my senior by several years) with 
entire satisfaction. I am certain to be rather pitied 
than envied even by the shabbiest pedestrians. How 
shall I escape this odious accusation of wealth? I am 
certain that I am suspected of being miserly by the very 
fellow to whom, perhaps, I have given my last cent, 
and whose greasy, corpulent pocket-book almost makes 
a Eugene Aram of me. It is this that has made me 
feel uncomfortably in being paid by the Anti-Slavery 


1849] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 153 


Society, though my receipts from that source are all 
that have enabled me to keep Maria’s property entire, 
which I am resolved to do at all events. ... 

As ever, affectionately your friend, 


PRT 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, March 9, 1849. 

... Your remittance came most seasonably, but I 
hope that you did not pinch yourself for it. I take it 
that you need money more than I do—for I have no 
rent to pay. I suppose my letter was more desponding 
than it should have been. I am not very often down in 
the mouth; but sometimes, at the end of a year, when I 
have done a tolerable share of work and have nothing 
to show for it, I feel as if I had rather be a spruce clerk 
on India Wharf than aman of letters. Regularly I look 
forward to New Year and think that I shall begin the 
next January out of debt, and as regularly I am disap- 
pointed. However, it stirs one up, and I am going to 
work hard this spring.... 

We are as well as could be expected, considering that 
a skunk was shot in our back-kitchen this morning. 
There were two of these “ essence-pedlers,” as the Yan- 
kees call them, gambolling there the night before. . 


TO THE SAME 


MAY DAY, [1849?] 


Move eastward, Sydney Gay, and leave 
Each damp exchange untorn apart; 

Brush off such tear-drops with your sleeve, 
O Sydney Gay, as needs must start; 


154 


LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


To Boston east; then west until 
You see the Charles obscure with grit 
Washed from the dreary gravel-pit, 
The gravel-pit of Simon’s Hill. 


Still west to where the pine and elm 
And other trees (of choicest kinds) 
With a leaf-deluge half o’erwhelm 
A yellowish house with dark-green blinds ; 
There at the ponderous knocker bang 
Until the baby ’gins to roar, 
Then find the bell, unseen before, 
And bid the useless bronze go hang. 


Soon through the entry you will hear 
The tramp as of a hippopot- 
amus, and Biddy, blundering-hot, 
Tries the huge lock at front and rear; 
She, failing in her wild desire, 
Back through the hall her thunder rolls 
And Mary calls, and both (poor souls!) 
At bolt and lock in vain perspire. 


Meanwhile you, waiting, mutter “ Zounds !” 
And Lizzie on the step sinks down; 
The baby gains a hundred pounds, 
And you feel aches from sole to crown; 
Then, like a charging troop of horse, 
Comes Bridget rumbling down the stairs, 
Adds all her Irish skill to theirs, 
And makes the matter ten times worse. 


In attic high beneath the roof 
A handsome youth with Vandyke hair 
And beard (the Standard is my proof) 
Hears far below the loud despair; 


1849] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 155 


Descending, he those hussies three 

Bids instantly to go to pot, 

Swiftly cuts through the Gordian knot, 
And makes the rescued entrance free. 


“Sydney, my boy, and is it you? 
And, Lizzie, can I trust my eyes? 
That prodigy of babies too? 
Come in, come in at once,” he cries: 
“Take off your things, and feel at home.” 
Then to himself: “The merest dab! 
Incredible that they should come 
To match that child with marvellous Mab!” 


TO THE SAME 

Elmwood, May 21, 1849. 
My dear Sydney,—You give me credit for too much 
temper or too little philosophy. I am truly sorry that 
you should have felt any uneasiness on my account. 
Look at it simply as a matter of money—not of feeling. 
I lose two hundred and fifty dollars a year, but I think 
it will be all the better for me, since I shall be obliged 
to work in some other way to supply the Azatus. Be- 
sides, I had, with a most preternatural foresight (and 
thereto inspired, I must believe, by my Demon), already 
bought a ream of ruled foolscap and a bunch of quills 
(with one of which I now, to my own great satisfaction, 
am writing), so that you see my literary garrison is pro- 
visioned and ammunitioned for a long siege. Ravens, 
my dear Sydney, of one sort or another, will be sent be- 
fore the year is out, I am certain. As for the Execu- 
tive Committee, shall I cry out against them as against 
another Jerusalem that has made away with half my 


156 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


profits? I am somewhat philosophical, very good-nat- 
ured, and know my own limits with tolerable exactness 
(I am not concerned in this place to catalogue my faults, 
of which, also, one’s friends commonly need no enumer- 
ation), so that I am sufficiently well bucklered against a 
wound in that immedicable part—Vanity. 

All through the year I have felt that I worked under 
a disadvantage. I have missed that inspiration (or call 
it magnetism) which flows into one from a thoroughly 
sympathetic audience. Properly speaking, I have never 
had it as an author, for I have never been popular. But 
then I have never needed it, because I wrote to please 
myself and not to please the people; whereas, in writing 
for the Standard, I have felt that I ought in some degree 
to admit the whole Executive Committee into my work- 
shop, and defer as much as possible to the opinion of 
persons whose opinion (however valuable on a point of 
morals) would not properly weigh a pin with me on an 
esthetic question. I have felt that ] ought to work in 
my own way, and yet I have also felt that I ought to 
try to work in their way, so that I have failed of work- 
ing in either. Nevertheless, 1 think that the Executive 
Committee would have found it hard to get some two 
or three of the poems I have furnished from any other 
quarter. 

When it was first proposed to me, I felt uncomforta- 
ble at the thought of accepting a salary. Hitherto, if I 
had served at the altar of Freedom, it was as one who 
brought an offering, not as one of the priests who fed 
upon the offerings of others. But it is always too easy 
to reconcile ourselves to that which increases our com- 


1849} TO SYDNEY H. GAY 157 


fort, and I thought, moreover, that I had in some sort a 
right to that priestly style of aliment, since I should not 
have needed it had I written hymns to Baal instead of 
to the one God. I do not say it as a matter of merit, 
but surely I might have been a popular and thriving 
author could I have consented to be a little less myself. 

I do not measure myself with any man, but I said (you 
remember) at first that Edmund Quincy would answer 
their purpose better than I. I also said that I wished 
them to put an end to their engagement with me as soon 
as they wished or found it convenient. How then can 
I feel offended in any the slightest degree? I do not 
blame Foster or Philbrick or Jackson for not being satis- 
fied with me; but, on the other hand, I thank God that 
he has gradually taught me to be quite satisfied with 
them. The longer I live the more convinced am I that 
we must (in our mental cabinet of natural history) en- 
large the genera of our species Homo. I am willing to 
accept all kinds of men, even wicked ones among the 
rest (but do not tell this to the Executive Committee 
or you will ruin me), and to think that Zachary Taylors 
are no more out of the order of nature than Henry C. 
Wrights are. 

I think Foster is employed in his proper calling, 
though pcthaps he would be less zealous in it if he 
read the lessons of history with a clearer eye. All men 
are not George Foxes, nor, indeed, is it possible that 
there should ever be a second. I say I think Foster 
properly enough employed, but I lament to see so exu- 
berant an activity and so hearty and robust an intelli- 
gence as that of Pillsbury thrown away. Why do such 


158 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


men forget that we are not Hebrews, nor live in Judea, 
nor have Edomites and Philistines on our borders, nor 
are watching fearfully the growth of Egypt on the one 
hand and of Assyria on the other? It appears to me 
that the Hebrew prophets have narrowed all the proph- 
ets since. The American prophet must be a very differ- 
ent sort of person. And Wendell Phillips, too, born and 
cifted with all the physical requisites for a politician—a 
Tounv Aawv—why does he throw away his crook and 
dream of nonconformists and Hampdens nowadays? 
You know that I never agreed to the Dissolution-of- 
the-Union movement, and simply because I think it a 
waste of strength. Why do we not separate ourselves 
from the African whom we wish to elevate? from the 
drunkard? from the ignorant? At this minute the song 
of the bobolink comes rippling through my open win- 
dow and preaches peace. Two months ago the same 
missionary was in his South Carolina pulpit, and can I 
think that he chose another text or delivered another 
sermon there? Hath not a slaveholder hands, organs, 
dimensions, senses, affections, passions? fed with the 
same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the 
same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and 
cooled by the same summer and winter as an abolition- 
ist is? If you prick them do they not bleed? If you 
tickle them do they not laugh? If you poison them do 
they not die? If you wrong them shall they not re- 
venge? Nay, I will go a step farther, and ask if all this 
do not apply to parsons also? Even ¢hey are human. 
The longer I live the more am I convinced that the 
world must be healed by degrees. I see why Jesus 


1849] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 159 


came eating meat and drinking wine and companying 
with publicans and sinners. He preached the highest 
doctrine, but he lived the life of other men. And was 
it not in order that his personality might be a bridge 
between their lower natures and his higher ideas? Let 
us sow the best seed we have, my dear Sydney, and 
convert other men by our crops, not by drubbing them 
with our hoes or putting them under our harrows. 
Above all, let us not preach about the bright side of hu- 
man nature and /ook always at the dark. Heaven help 
us! we all revolve around God with larger or lesser or- 
bits, but we all likewise turn upon our own axes, and 
sometimes one half of us is in the light, sometimes the 
other. I have felt as if I were a// black sometimes, but 
it was only because my diseased consciousness had ab- 
sconded into my zsthetic hemisphere. 

Well, I have been defining my position, perhaps more 
to my own satisfaction than to yours, but I will release 
you presently. This quill-pen runs over the paper so 
elibly that it is a pleasure to write with it—especially 
when one is talking about one’s self. 

I feel that I am called on to do one thing more. I 
wish to release the Executive Committee from all fetters 
of delicacy, and accordingly I throw up our engagement 
altogether. Let them feel no scruple about any offence 
that Jam likely to take. So much I think is due to my 
own independence—or call it pride if you will. But 
now, on the other hand, I owe something to my depen- 
dence also. A tremor runs through my Penates. If the 
Executive Committee zwzsk me to write once a fort- 
night, I am willing to do it. But if they only make 


160 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


that proposal to break my fall, I should choose to de- 
ai) scan Luan 

I should be sorry to see the Standard hauled down, 
and chiefly on your account, my dear Sydney, and Liz- 
zie’s,and the young Campeador’s. You have edited the 
paper excellently. <A little hot, now and then, but won- 
derfully little mustard, considering the palates you were 
dressing your salads for. If they do not appreciate you 
the fault is theirs, not yours. But, at any rate, in five 
years one strikes down a good many roots. It would be 
hard for you to be pulled up; harder, perhaps, to take 
root again elsewhere, and accordingly I hope that the 
Standard will wave on its present editorial staff for many 
years longer. I should have preferred that the $250 
should have gone to you, and, indeed, I had all along 
entertained a fancy that, in case my income were in- 
creased from any other quarter, I would surrender half 
on condition that it should go to the resident editor. 
Never mind. There is more than one kind of benevo- 
lence. There are some men who never put their hands 
in their pockets, who yet give away a great deal in their 
faces and manners. And if the drunkenness of wine 
brings out the true wish and motive of the heart, shall 
not the intoxication of reverie do the same? 

I do not know what I have written, but I will end by 
copying some verses intended for an editor who con- 
tinually put my poems in his paper and underrated me. 


I did not bid you to my board, 

But you were welcome with the rest. 
All that my poor house could afford 

I gave you freely, gave my best. 


1849] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 161 


You tasted this and smelt of that 

And growled and wished you had not come, 
Yet stuffed into your greasy hat 

Enough to feed the weans at home. 


A beaker full of nectar clear 
I brimmed for you; you drank it up, 
And ‘Does he mean to call ¢his beer?” 
You muttered, belching in your cup. 


When next you chance to pass my way, 
Good friend, your dainty palate spare. 

“My cookery likes you not,” you say, 
Nor me your manners; we are square. 


Now, I don’t mean to apply this to the Executive Com- 
mittee, though I was reminded of it and copied it (I 
have carried it in my head hitherto and never wrote it 
before) to fill my sheet. But the antislavery folks have 
certainly had the use of my pen in more ways than one, 
and they must not grumble at the way I hold it. 
Nevertheless, if they wish to have me continue to 
write once a fortnight, I will try to do better than hith- 
erto. That is, I will think less of them and let myself 
go,and not keep reining up for fear of this or that one’s 
fence. | 
Love to Lizzie, and believe me as ever 
Affectionately yours, 
A Pa aa fe 
TO THE SAME 
June, 1840. 
I had written about twice as much, but I send the 
best. The thermometer has been for three days at 98°, 
and what can a man do, especially in haying? This 


If 


162 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


morning I was pitching hay before you were up, and day 
before yesterday I pitched “ risin’ o’ teu (two) ton” ina 
hot sun (thermometer 86° in the shade). I tell you 
what, “intellectual labor,” as the parsons call it, is too 
much. I suppose you cannot help estimating quality 
somewhat by quantity; I should in your place with as 
many columns to fill, and that is the reason I always 
apologize for anything short, though it may be all the 
betteniorateces 


TO CHARLES R. LOWELL* 
Elmwood, June 11, 1849. 

My dear Charlie,—I have had so much to do in the 
way of writing during the past week that I have not 
had time sooner to answer your letter, which came to 
me in due course of mail, and for which I am much 
obliged to you. 

I am very glad to hear that you are enjoying your- 
self so much, and also that the poor musquash dug faster 
than you did. Iwas not so long ago a boy as not to 
remember what sincere satisfaction there is in a good 
ducking, and how the spirit of maritime adventure is 


* Born in 1834, died Oct. 20, 1864, of wounds received the pre- 
vious day at the battle of Cedar Creek. Of him General Sheri- 
dan said, “He was the perfection of a man and a soldier.” It 
was of him that his uncle wrote, in The Biglow Papers, 


“Wut’s words to them whose faith an’ truth 

On War’s red techstone rang true metal, 
Who ventered life an’ love an’ youth 

Fur the gret prize o’ death in battle? 
To him who, deadly hurt, agin 

Flashed on afore the charge’s thunder, 
Tippin’ with fire the bolt of men 

That rived the Rebel line asunder.” 


1849] TO CHARLES R. LOWELL 163 


ministered to by a raft which will not float. I congrat- 
ulate you on both experiences. 

And now let me assume the privilege of my uncle- 
ship to give you a little advice. Let me counsel you 
to make use of all your visits to the country as oppor- 
tunities for an education which is of great importance, 
which town-bred boys are commonly lacking in, and 
which can never be so cheaply acquired as in boyhood. 
Remember that a man is valuable in our day for what 
he knows, and that his company will always be desired 
by others in exact proportion to the amount of intelli- 
gence and instruction he brings with him. I assure you 
that one of the earliest pieces of definite knowledge we 
acquire after we have become men is this—that our 
company will be desired no longer than we honestly 
pay our proper share in the general reckoning of mut- 
ual entertainment. A man who knows more than an- 
other knows zucalculably more, be sure of that, and a 
person with eyes in his head cannot look even into a 
pigsty without learning something that will be useful to 
him at one time or another. Not that we should educate 
ourselves for the mere selfish sake of that advantage of 
superiority which it will give us. But knowledge is 
power in this noblest sense, that it enables us to denefit 
others and to pay our way honorably in life by being 
of use. | 

Now, when you are at school in Boston you are fur- 
nishing your brain with what can be obtained from 
books. You are training and enriching your intellect. 
While you are in the country you should remember 
that you are in the great school of the senses. Train 


164 LEITERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


your eyes and ears. Learn to know all the trees by 
their bark and leaves, by their general shape and man- 
ner of growth. Sometimes you can be able to say 
positively what a tree is zot by simply examining the 
lichens on the bark, for you will find that particular 
varieties of lichen love particular trees. Learn also to 
know all the birds by sight, by their notes, by their 
manner of flying; all the animals by their general ap- 
pearance and gait or the localities they frequent. 

You would be ashamed not to know the name and 
use of every piece of furniture in the house, and we 
ought to be as familiar with every object in the world 
—which is only a larger kind of house. You recollect 
the pretty story of Pizarro and the Peruvian Inca: how 
the Inca asked one of the Spaniards to write the word 
Dio (God) upon his thumb-nail, and then, showing it to 
the rest, found only Pizarro unable to read it! Well, 
you will find as you grow older that this same name of 
God is written all over the world in little phenomena 
that occur under our eyes every moment, and I confess 
that I feel very much inclined to hang my head with 
Pizarro when I cannot translate these hieroglyphics into 
my own vernacular. 

Now, I write all this to you, my dear Charlie, not in 
the least because it is considered proper for uncles to bore 
their nephews with musty moralities and advice; but I 
should be quite willing that you should think mea bore, 
if I could only be the means of impressing upon you 
the importance of observing, and the great fact that we 
cannot properly observe till we have learned ow. Edu- 
cation, practice, and especially a determination not to 


1849] TO CHARLES R, LOWELL 165 


be satisfied with remarking that side of an object which 
happens to catch our eye first when we first see it—these 
gradually make an observer. The faculty, once ac- 
quired, becomes at length another sense which works 
mechanically. 

I think I have sometimes noticed in you an zmpa- 
tience of mind which you should guard against care- 
fully. Pin this maxim up in your memory—that Nature 
abhors the credit system, and that we never get any- 
thing in life till we have paid for it. Anything good, 
I mean; evil things we always pay for afterwards, and 
always when we find it hardest to do it. By paying for 
them, of course, I mean /aboring forthem. Tell me how 
much good solid work a young man has in him, and I 
will erect a horoscope for him as accurate as Guy Man- 
nering’s for young Bertram. Talents are absolutely 
nothing to a man except he have the faculty of work 
along with them. They, in fact, turn upon him and 
worry him, as Actzon’s dogs did—you remember the 
story? Patience and perseverance—these are the sails 
and the rudder even of genius, without which it is only 
a wretched hulk upon the waters. 

It is not fair to look a gift horse in the mouth, un- 
less, indeed, it be a wooden horse, like that which carried 
the Greeks into Troy; but my lecture on patience and 
finish was apropos of your letter, which was more care- 
less in its chirography and (here and there) in its com- 
position than I liked. Always make a thing as good as 
youcan. Otherwise it was an excellent letter, because 
it told what you had seen and what you were doing 
—certainly better as a /e¢ter than this of mine, which is 


166 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


rather a sermon. But read it, my dear Charlie, as the 
advice of one who takes a sincere interest in you. I 
hope to hear from you again, and my answer to your 
next shall be more entertaining. 


I remain your loving uncle, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO JAMES T. FIELDS 
Elmwood, Oct. 14, 1849. 

My dear Sir,—... The reason I did not sooner an- 
swer your first note was, that I have an unfortunate 
unconsciousness of the lapse of time. I believe that I 
was born after my seasonable date, and that I was 
meant for an Antediluvian, fora month seems no more 
to me than the while between getting up and break- 
fast. I had a notion of writing something new for your 
“ Book,” * and kept turning over in my head an essay 
upon Commencement as it used to be, till—behold, 
October ! 

As for “ The First Client,” I have read it over, and I 
confess it seems to me pretty poor stuff. I think some- 
thing more creditable to me as a moral and intellectual 
being (as Dr. Ware used to say) might be selected. 

Why can’t you come out some afternoon and spend 
an evening with me? Say Monday. If you find it 
dull, you can escape in the omnibus, or, if you please, 
I can give you a bed and you can have a country morn- 
ing before you are bricked up again in Boston. 

* Mr. Fields was editing “The Boston Book,” made up of a 


selection from the writings of Boston authors. “The First Client”’ 
was the name of a short story by Lowell, published originally in 


1842, in the Boston Miscellany. 


1849] TO MRS, FRANCIS G. SHAW 167 


We can talk over that and other matters by the light 
ofacigar. I will be at home Monday, at any rate, and 
you would be pretty sure to find me any afternoon but 
Wednesday. 

I remain very sincerely (and dilatorily) 
Your friend, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW 
Elmwood, Nov. 25, 1849. 

... Tam glad you like my poems. I wish I did— 
that is, I wish they were better. And I think they will 
be one of these days when I have written better ones 
to cast back an enlightening glow on the old. But I 
am not flattered by your liking. You like them because 
Page does, and, between ourselves, that is his weakest 
point, as you, I see, with your woman’s wit have dis- 
covered. Page is wiser than you, and likes them be- 
cause he knows I am better than they, which you do 
Pe os 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Nov. 25, 1849. 

... My new edition will be out about the t1oth of 
December, and I think that with Ticknor’s publishing 
I shall, for the first time, make something by my poems. 
I shall clear at least $100 by the first edition, and every 
subsequent one will be clear gain, as I shall have no 
expense about the plates. I expect to publish a wholly 
new volume in May, about which I shall write you in 
some other letter. I write this in haste, merely to show 
that I have not forgotten nor ceased to love you. 


168 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1849 


How soon I shall come to New York is uncertain. I 
am expecting a visit from Miss Bremer. Mr. Downing 
wrote me a note, saying how much she, etc., etc., about 
me, and so Maria wrote and asked her to tarry with us 
a short time. She wrote a charming letter in reply, and 
will be with us in the course of next week. ... 

I think you will find my poems improved in the new 
edition. I have not altered much, but I have left out 
the poorest and put others in their places. My next 
volume, I think, will show an advance. It is to be 
called “‘The Nooning.” * Now guess what it will be. 
The name suggests pleasant thoughts, does it not? But 
I shall not tell you anything about it yet, and you must 
not mention it. ... 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
‘Elmwood, Dec. 22, 1849. 
... Print that + as if you loved it. Let not a comma 
be blundered. Especially I fear they will put “ g/eam- 
ing’’ for “ gloaming”’ in the first line unless you look to 
it. May you never have the key which shall unlock the 
whole meaning of the poem to you!... 


* The design for a volume with this title was not carried out, 
though cherished for many years. See the prefatory note to 
“ Fitzadam’s Story”’ in “ Heartsease and Rue.” 

+ “The First Snow-Fall.” 


III 
1850-1856 


DOMESTIC SORROW AND JOY.—VISIT TO EUROPE,— DEATH OF 
HIS SON AT ROME.—DECLINE OF MRS, LOWELL’S HEALTH. 
—RETURN TO AMERICA.—DEATH OF MRS. LOWELL.—LECT- 
URES ON THE ENGLISH POETS.——- APPOINTMENT TO PRO- 
FESSORSHIP IN HARVARD UNIVERSITY.—SECOND VISIT TO 
EUROPE. 


LETTERS TO C. F. BRIGGS, E. M. DAVIS, S. H. GAY, FRANCIS G. 
SHAW, C. E. NORTON, MISS ANNA LORING, F. H. UNDER- 
WOOD, MISS JANE NORTON, W. j. STILLMAN, JAMES T. FIELDS, 
JOHN HOLMES, DR. ESTES HOWE, MRS. ESTES HOWE. 


THE happiness of Lowell’s domestic life was a sec- 
ond time rudely broken in upon by the death of his little 
daughter Rose, in the spring of 1850—just three years 
after the death of her sister Blanche. These sorrows told 
heavily upon him, and still more upon his wife, whose 
health was always delicate and uncertain. They were 
made happy, at the end of the year, by the birth of a son, 
Walter, who became soon a child of uncommon loveli- 
ness and promise. Their circumstances were now such 
that they resolved to go to Europe in the summer of 
1851, not without hope that the voyage and travel would 
be of benefit to Mrs. Lowell. Except to his father, Low- 
ell wrote few letters during their absence. Some record 


170 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


of their voyage and of their life in Italy is to be found 
in “ Leaves from My Journal in Italy and Elsewhere,’ * 
but there is no reference in the published narrative to the 
calamity which fell upon them in Rome, in the spring of 
1852,in the death of their little boy. It was a grievous 
blow, and one from which Mrs. Lowell never recovered. 
They remained abroad till the autumn. The next year 
was passed very quietly at home. Mrs. Lowell’s health 
sank steadily, and on October 27, 1853, she died. 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Jan. 23, 1850. 

My dear Friend,—I have never thanked you for your 
cift of a box of cigars. I am smoking one of them at 
this very moment. I know not in what light to regard 
them other than as a kind of parishioner’s gift to the 
Rev. Mr. Wilbur, though there may be a covert satire in 
thus throwing that gentleman’s weakness into his very 
teeth. My great-grandfather, who was minister of New- 
bury, and who, being very much of a gentleman and 
scholar, held out against Whitefield and his extravagan- 
ces, used to take (I have no doubt) the grocer’s share 
of his salary in tobacco. He was a terrible smoker, 
and there is still extant in the house he lived in at 
Newbury a painted panel representing a meeting of 
the neighboring clergy, each with his pipe and his — 
pot.t I have a great regard for this excellent man’s 
memory, strengthened by his note-books and by his 


* First published in 1854 in “ Fireside Travels,” and now to be 
found in the first volume of Lowell’s Prose Writings. 

+ This interesting old panel was afterwards transferred to Elm- 
wood, and set above the mantelpiece in the study. 


1850] TO C. F. BRIGGS . 171 


portrait in gown, bands, and wig, painted (alas!) by one 
of his parishioners. Therefore I scruple not to thank 
you for this compliance with my weakness, and feel that 
I have an ancestral right to pronounce the cigars excel- 
ene %, 2 

... My “new book” is to be called “ The Nooning.” 
Maria invented the title for me, and is it not a pleasant 
one? My planisthis. Iam going to bring together a 
party of half a dozen old friends at Elmwood. They 
go down to the river and bathe, and then one proposes 
that they shall go up into a great willow-tree (which 
stands at the end of the causey near our house, and has 
seats in it) to take their nooning. There they agree 
that each shall tell a story or recite a poem of some sort. 
In the tree they find a countryman already resting him- 
self, who enters into the plan and tells a humorous tale, 
with touches of Yankee character and habits in it. J 
am to read my poem of the “ Voyage of Leif” to Vin- 
land, in which I mean to bring my hero straight into 
Boston Bay, as befits a Bay-state poet. Two of my 
poems are already written—one “The Fountain of 
Youth” (no connection with any other firm), and the 
other an ‘“ Address to the Muse,” by the Transcenden- 
talist of the party. I guess I am safe in saying that the 
first of these two is the best thing I have done yet. But 
you shall judge when you see it. But “ Leif’s Voyage” 
is to be far better. I intend to confute my critics, not 
with another satire, but by writing better. It is droll 
that they should say I want variety. Between “Colum- 
bus” and Hosea Biglow I think there is some range 
and some variety of power shown. I cannot help think- 


172 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


ing that my countrymen will wake up some day and find 
that they have got apoet. But no matter; do you keep 
on believing in me, and I shall justify you if I live. I 
feel that Iam very young for a man of thirty, and that 
I have not by any means got my growth. My poems 
hitherto have been a true record of my life, and I mean 
that they shall continue to be. As Alcott said to me 
the other day, they contain a great deal of hzstory. The 
public have not yet learned to look beyond the titles of 
them at their meaning. As soon as the wise world is 
satisfied that I am a poet, I think it will find more in 
them than it suspected. This is all as it ought to be, 
and I am writing about it to you as to one who thinks 
more of me than I do of myself; though, of course, if I 
did not believe that I was a poet, I should not write a 
line: The world is right, too, after its own fashion, for 
I.am perfectly conscious that I have not yet got the 
best of my poetry out of me. What I have written will 
need to be carried down to posterity on the shoulders 
of better poems written hereafter, and strong enough to 
carry the ore in the stone which imbeds it. My dear 
friend—and you are very dear-——-I am zo? a fool, at any 
rate, and I know my own wants and faults a great deal 
better than any of my critics. 

I begin to feel that I must enter on a new year of my 
apprenticeship. My poems have thus far had a regular 
and natural sequence. First, Love and the mere happi- 
ness of existence beginning to be conscious of itself, 
then Freedom—both being the sides which Beauty pre- 
sented to me—and now I am going to try more wholly 
after Beauty herself. Next, if I live, I shall try to pre- 


1850] TO C. F. BRIGGS 173 


sent Life as I have seen it. In the “ Nooning”’ I shall 
have not even a glance towards Reform. If the poems 
I have already written are good for anything they are 
perennial, and it is tedious as well as foolish to repeat 
one’s self. I have preached sermons enow, and now I 
am going to come down out of the pulpit and go about 
among my parish. I shall turn my barrel over and read 
my old discourses; it will be time to write new ones 
when my hearers have sucked all the meaning out of 
those old ones. Certainly I shall not grind for any 
Philistines, whether Reformers or Conservatives. I find 
that Reform cannot take up the whole of me, and I am 
quite sure that eyes were given us to look about us 
with sometimes, and not to be always looking forward. 
If some of my good red-hot friends were to see this 
they would call me a backslider, but there are other di- 
rections in which one may get away from people beside 
the rearward one. Thus I have taken an observation 
whereby to indicate to you my present mental and 
moral latitude and longitude. As well as I can judge, 
I am farther eastward or nearer morning than ever 
hitherto. Am I as tedious as a king? 

I am not certain that my next appearance will not 
be in a pamphlet on the Hungarian question in answer 
to the Worth American Review. But I shall not write 
anything if I can help it. I am tired of controversy, and 
though I have cut out the oars with which to row up my 
friend Bowen, yet I have enough to do, and, besides, am 
not so well as usual, being troubled in my head as I was 
summer before last. I should like to play for a year, 
and after I have written and printed the “ Nooning,” I 


174 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


mean to fake a nooning and lie under the trees looking 
at the sky. 

Fredrika Bremer stayed three weeks with us, and I 
do not /zke her, I Jove her. She is one of the most beau- 
tiful persons I have ever known—so clear, so simple, so 
right-minded and -hearted, and so full of judgment. I 
believe she liked us, too, and had a good time... . 

With all love, 
ipylen e 


TO EDWARD M. DAVIS 
“ Elmwood, Jan. 24, 1850. 

. .. Lam much obliged to you for the letter of O. J. 
which you sent, though, as for the “ knockings,” I have 
no manner of faith in them. I do not believe that 
men are to be thumped into a conception of the spirit- 
ual world, or that O. J.’s father, if he had anything to 
say to his son, would take such a roundabout way as 
that of going to Mrs. Fish or Miss Fox. Moreover, 
when the spirits can say what they please to these two 
women, why do they not use them as spokes-women, 
instead of using so clumsy a shift as “calling for the 
alphabet,” and then rapping their news? My dear Ed- 
ward, if the spirits are so wise that they can foretell the 
future (as in O. J.’s case), why are they so stupid in their 
contrivances for making themselves intelligible? De- 
pend upon it, there is no more humbug in the spiritual 
world than in this. It would be a parallel case if I, who 
am able to write you my thoughts plainly and directly, 
should adopt some system of cryptography and gave 
you the key of it, so that you would be half a day in 
making out what need have taken only ten minutes. 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 175 


And this would be still more ridiculous if I had only 
some such fact to communicate as that my coat was 
brown, or that I ate an egg with my breakfast. I have 
seen persons who could make a “mysterious knocking” 
by snapping one of their joints in and out. I think 
we may be sure of this, that God never takes needless 
trouble, It is only foolish little men that are fond of 
mysteries and fusses. Then, why should a spirit know 
anything about the future? 

I have only time to write a few suggestions. These 
“ spirits’ tell us, it seems, what we already know, noth- 
ing else. As for Elias Hicks and George Fox and St. 
Paul, I could tell O. J. such a story as that without any 
trouble, and throw him in a few more saints to boot.... 

Most affectionately, 
LES ave Bp 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
Elmwood, March 17, 1850. 

My dear Sydney,—I believe you can understand why 
IT was so unmannerly as to put off so long an answer to 
your kind letter from Hingham. I was so dull—not 
well either in body or mind. So it came to the same 
thing, for if you thought me a hog for my silence, you 
would have thought me a bore had I broken it. 

It was really a great disappointment to me not to 
see you while you were here. But I knew nothing of 
your visit until after 1 had supposed you had gone 
back, or I should certainly have made an effort to see 
you. Isympathized most heartily with you in the loss 
of your brother, but I knew well that there is no such 


176 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


thing as consolation. To change the old Latin—not 
ignorant of grief, I know to let the unhappy alone. 
Time is clearly the only lenitive, and, if not Lethe, it 
yet softens all wounds except those of conscience. And, 
no matter how self-sustained the soul may be, there are 
bodily horrors and shocks connected with Death which 
leave a deep mark. Can anything be more hateful than 
the ceremonies which follow in his train, like a sort of 
hired mourners whom you long to kick? I shall never 
forget the feeling I had when little Blanche’s coffin was 
brought into the house. It was refreshed again lately. 
But for Rose I would have no funeral; my father only 
made a prayer, and then I walked up alone to Mount 
Auburn and saw her body laid by her sister’s. 

She was a very lovely child—we think the loveliest 
of our three. She was more like Blanche than Mabel, 
and her disease was the same. Her illness lasted a 
week, but I never had any hope, so that she died to me 
the first day the doctor came. She was very beautiful— 
fair, with large dark-gray eyes and fine features. Her 
smile was especially charming, and she was full of smiles 
till her sickness began. Dear little child! she had never 
spoken, only smiled. 

To show you that I am not unable to go along with 
you in the feeling expressed in your letter, I will copy 
a few verses out of my common-place book.* 

Yes, faith is a goodly anchor 
When the skies are blue and clear; 


At the bows it hangs right stalwart 
With a sturdy iron cheer. 


* This poem, revised and enlarged, and called “After the 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 177 


But when the ship goes to pieces, 
And the tempests are all let loose, 

It rushes plumb down to the sea-depths, 
*Mid slimy seaweed and ooze. 


Better then one spar of memory, 
One broken plank of the past, 
For our human hearts to cling to, 

Adrift in the whirling vast. 


To the spirit the cross of the spirit, 
To the flesh its blind despair, 

Clutching fast the thin-worn locket 
With its threads of gossamer hair. 


O friend! thou reasonest bravely, 
Thy preaching is wise and true; 

But the earth that stops my darling’s ears 
Makes mine insensate, too. 


That little shoe in the corner, 
So worn and wrinkled and brown, 
With its emptiness confutes you, 
And argues your wisdom down, 


But enough, dear Sydney, of death and sorrow. They 
are not subjects which I think it profitable or wise to 
talk about, think about, or write about often. Death is 
a private tutor. We have no fellow-scholars, and must 
lay our lessons to heart alone. 

I was very glad to hear that your little boy had gone 
through the scarlet-fever—I hope without any reversion 
of trouble. It is a terrible thing to have only one child. 
It seems as if the air were full of deadly, invisible bul- 


Burial,” was printed in 1869, in “ Under the Willows, and Other 
Poems.” 


I2 


178 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


lets flying in every direction, so that not a step can be 
taken in safety. , 

What would you and the Committee say if I should 
resign my post in the Standard? I feel very strongly 
inclined to do it at the end of this year (April). It 
seems to me as if I had said my say—for the present, at 
least—and had better try silence awhile. J am sick of 
politics and criticism. Somehow a virtue seems to go 
out of me at touch of them. I feel as if I could do 
more good by working in my own vein, however nar- 
row. Tell me what you think about it. Your feelings 
are the only obstacle in the way of my resigning at once. 
Your wishing me to hold on would have a great weight 
with me. You have edited the Standard signally well. 
I said so, you remember, long ago, and I am glad to 
see that your subscribers are of. my opinion. The only 
fault I find with your salad, as I also said before, is that 
there may be a little too much mustard now and then. 
You mix for the Garrisonian palate, which has not, I 
think, the sensitiveness of entire health. 

But I will not do anything for you unless you pay 
me a visit the next time you come on this way. I wish 
you and Lizzie to eat our salt as I have eaten yours. I 
think we could make you very comfortable in the old 
house. I have a downright quarrel with both you and 
Briggs on this score. I am in earnest. I don’t like 
one-sided reciprocities, or to be in debt. 

Give my love to Briggs, and tell him that I have a 
letter to him half written, and that it will come soon. 
I wish to know Page’s plans, because I shall come to 
see him before he goes if I am alive. 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 179. 


Forgive my dull letter, dear Sydney, for I cannot 
write better just now, and believe me ever 


Affectionately yours, 
(sheer bot 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, April 17, 1850. 

My dear Sydney,—Though I shall certainly be in New 
York within a few days (I am only waiting now for some 
new shirts to be done), yet it would be clownish in me 
not to answer your letter by return of mail. TZzhat is 
altogether too slow. How return a pressure of the hand 
by next day’s post, when the other term of the equation 
has by this time got his fist in his pocket and is think- 
ing of something else? You were plainly in an excel- 
lent mood when you wrote your letter—and let me say 
that your letters are always pleasant, even those shorter 
ones with an engraving upon the first half-leaf.* You 
had seated yourself at your desk in the corner there, 
you had an uncommonly good cigar, Ebenezer (I don’t 
know whether I was ever impudent enough to tell you 
that you had wronged the boy with that name, avital 
or not)—E., I say, was asleep (and I do not wonder that 
so many poets have written verses to sleeping children 
—it is as if ten thousand Mahratta cavalry had retired 
from your territory), Lizzie was sitting with a plot in 
her head how to cure you of smoking, and then you 
took out your paper. You wish you could have said it 
by word of mouth, indeed! My dear Sydney, with all 
that self-possession (our maligners call it by another 


* The engraved banker’s-draft. 


180 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


name) which you have acquired by your so-long aboli- 
tionism, you could not have flattered me so to my face. 
Never was a door so diplomatically opened to a gentle- 
man on the point of being turned out neck and heels. 
I am marched out, as it were, with a band of music 
before me thumping and blowing “ See the Conquering 
Hero Comes!” with that orchestral impartiality (’tis the 
way of the world) which heralds with the same tune, 
and the same energy of brass and sheepskin, the advent 
of a President or a learned pig. I abdicate with the 
rapid grace of Richard Cromwell when he sat down 
upon Monk’s sword, stuck (as boys stick crooked pins) 
in the Protectoral chair. I dangle from silk instead of 
hemp—a ceremonial consolation, since the choking is 
the meat of the matter. My resignation is “accepted,” 
like that of a vizier, by a couple of mutes with a bow- 
string. 

My dear Sydney, a kick in the breech may be either 
symbolical or actual, may be either bestowed with a 
velvet slipper or a cowhide boot; but it is, after all, a 
kick in the breech. Your kick—no ecclesiologist could 
have made it more obscurely symbolical; no slipper 
could be truer three-pile velvet than yours. I send you 
one last poem, and so, like that famous ghost of Au- 
brey’s, vanish “with a melodious twang.” Paint an 
expulsive toe rampant where my effigies should appear 
in the succession of Standard editors, as an axe was 
painted instead of a portrait in Faliero’s place among 
the Doges, and write thereunder—/acobus ex off. decess. 
per patibulum A.D. XV Kal. Mau. A.D. MDCCCL. 

Perhaps, instead of saying “I resign,” a better form 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 181 


would be the passive “I am resigned.” And so I am. 
You do me no more than justice in taking it for granted 
that I am not a fool. I am quite too proud to take 
offence easily, and I think I have given the Committee 
a pennyworth. At the same time, I think you over- 
estimate my value to the Standard. You remember 
that I said so frankly when I was first engaged. I have 
never felt that entire freedom without which a man 
cannot do his best. As there has never been a oneness 
of sentiment between me and the Society, I retain for 
them at parting the same feeling which I have ever had. 
It has never been a matter of dollars between us, for I 
might have earned much more in other ways—not to 
mention what I have indirectly lost (and gladly) by my 
connection with you fanatics. For every poem (except 
the more exclusively antislavery ones) which has been 
printed in the Staxdard I could have got four times the 
money paid me by the Committee. This I wish them 
distinctly to understand, that they may not imagine 
that I came to them with my hat held out for an alms. 
I can truly say that 1 have been more vexed by the 
stupid want of appreciation shown by some of our wor- 
thies towards you than by any suspicion that they did 
not rate me highly enough. 

And now, dear Sydney, let me only add further, that 
I trust our friendship will only end at that bourne which 
is the common close of all. I will not promise to write 
to you once a month, for you would find letters sup- 
plied by contract stupid enough. But I w// think of 
you much oftener than that. An author’s works are 
his letters to friends, and if they cannot feel in reading 


182 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


them that they are freshly remembered, then the works 
are not good for much. When I came home last night, 
I found two pleasures (besides Maria and Mabel and the 
rest) awaiting me. One was your letter, and the other 
was a letter from an old friend (and you may suppose 
he must be a friend, for he is a slaveholder) to whom I 
had not written and from whom I had not heard for 
seven years. And my love for him was as fresh as 
when we parted nine years ago, when our lives were all 
in spring-blossom, not a petal fallen. So pen, ink, and 
paper are no necessary interlocutors. When there is a 
need of it I shall send such ambassadors, but, anyhow 
and anywhere, I shall always remain 
Most affectionately your friend, 
J. R. Lowe t. 


TO THE SAME 
Sunday, May 19, 1850. 

My dear Sydney,—1 now fully appreciate the wisdom 
of that law of Maine which puts off executions till a year 
has passed after sentence. It gives a chance for some- 
thing to turn up ina man’s favor. What is to be done 
in the way of reparation to me? I, an innocent man as 
it now appears, hanged myself in my cell (on a friendly 
hint from one of the jurors that there was no chance for 
me) to avoid the opprobrium of public hemp, and now 
how are the lacerated feelings of a heart-broken wife and 
a fatherless daughter to be healed? Still more impor- 
tant—how is my neck to be reset? I think I may not 
immodestly compare myself with Socrates in my manner 
of ending, however unlike that provoking philosopher 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 183 


in my previous life. For he, you remember, was “al- 
lowed” to drink his own hemlock, and could not legally 
have that delicate privilege granted him until the sacred 
vessel Il@paXog had gone to Delos and back again. The 
sacred vessel in my case was the steamboat which con- 
veyed “a select number of youths and virgins” to the 
New York Convention and brought them home to their 
anxious friends. 

But, on the other hand, as all the little accidents of life 
are by the wise man turned to account,and as Madame 
Tussaud made the discovery that the effigies of a dead 
criminal would bring in thousands of shillings, while no 
one would expend a solitary sixpence to look upon the 
living image of Innocence herself, so I think that, under 
the present circumstances, I may fairly set a higher price 
upon my labors. Consider fora moment what an attrac- 
tion it would be if you could announce in the prospectus 
of next year’s Standard that the new volume would be 
enriched with the contributions of a well-known unhappy 
gentleman who lately laid violent hands upon himself 
when under sentence of death. You might say that the 
value of the Standard would be very much increased as 
a noose-paper, that it would be found that I was (h)al- 
tered for the better, that I had at last got the sang of 
editorship, that my labors had merely been suspended ; 
that, in short, the Committee had now consented to give 
me cart blanche, rope enough, my full swing, etc.; that 
I should write absolute chokers in the way of editorials, 
and strike a pleasant cord in the memory of the public. 


So far I had written this morning when I was called 


184 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


away to give Maria and Mab a drive. It is now after 
dinner, and it is a matter of universal observation that, 
in proportion as the belly is well filled, the “individual” 
becomes more respectable and less some other qualities 
which, perhaps, render him full as agreeable a member 
of society. Now, to this new proposition of the Commit- 
tee, what shallI say? I had intended to have “spelled” 
you (as we Yankees say) now and then with an article 
gratis, and had been churning upon one for a day or two, 
but how shall I prove it? If the Society offer coin of 
the realm, it is not in the heart of fallen man to refuse 
it, especially when such fallen man has just purchased a 
suit of clothes (badge of the fail) and—does not know 
so clearly now whence the money is to come that shall 
pay therefor as he seemed to when he stood triumphant 
in the tailor’s shop and easily bespoke the same. ‘Tail- 
ors, by the way, differ from the rest of mankind in this, 
that whereas all other men in Adam died, so by the con- 
sequence of Adam’s transgression these get their living. 
And truly, in so large a matter as the damnation of the 
whole human race, it would not have become Satan to 
have stood upon trifles, and to have haggled for these 
fractions and ninth-parts of men. Do not flatter yourself, 
my dear Sydney, that you will enjoy the benefit of this 
exception because you wield a pair of scissors in the way 
of your trade. No, I am well persuaded that there is 
not salt enough in the whole editorial fraternity to pickle 
so much as one of them. Given over for their sins to 
printers’ devils during life, their lot will not change, ex- 
cept in the quality of their diabolic tormentors, after 
each. eats 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 185 


I have written, you see, a diplomatic letter without 
saying whether I should be a “ corresponding editor” or 
not. But the truth is, I have received no communica- 
tion from the Committee yet, and so have not made up 
my mind. There are several fires desirous that some of 
my irons should be thrust in them—with your fanatical 
blazes I should only burn my fingers. But, at any rate, 
with much love to Lizzie and Master Anonymous, I re- 
main 

Most affectionately yours, 
gS) uy: 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Election Day, Nov., 1850. 

My dear Sydney,—I am just recovering from a kind 
of ursine existence, a mental winter, during which I have 
been living upon my own fat. Of course I mean intel- 
lectually, for physically I have not much adipocere laid 
up, and unless the thought of something after death or 
the like should give me paws, I could not bear it with 
any hope of surviving by suction. Not that I have been 
altogether vacant of thought, or the food for it, as may 
perhaps appear by and by; but pen and ink have seemed 
insufficient and irrelevant somehow, so that even such a 
grasshopper as the writing of a letter has seemed a 
burthen. 

I should, nevertheless, have answered Lizzie’s letter, 
if Maria had not done so in my absence. Do you tell 
her that I did not wish to give her a little keepsake in 
order to please er, but for a much more selfish reason— _ 
namely, to please myself. You see, my dear Sydney, 
that the only money I ever have a chance to part with 


186 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1850 


in the way of that kind of gift is that which has never 
got into my pocket. In that nest riches become fledged 
at once, and fly in all directions like the four-and-twenty 
blackbirds when the pie was opened. I can go without 
money for I don’t know how long, and not fret myself 
at the want of it. I have been in that condition ever 
since my return from Canada—in that condition, or may- 
be a little worse. I claim no merit for such patience, 
because I know that those suns and stars, the greater 
and lesser luminaries of the pocket, have in my case cal- 
culable orbits and stated periods of return. Nor am I 
wholly without experience of comets, unexpected appa- 
ritions, nor of meteoric “rocks” (of that species where- 
with our countrymen desire to have “a pocket full’’) 
falling I know not whence. I only thought that it would 
be pleasant to me if I knew that some little memorial of 
me stood upon your table, to remind you of me now 
and then if I should go to Europe, or take that inevi- 
table journey to the country (not so far off, indeed, but) 
whence there are no regular mails, whatever the Roch- 
ester knockers* may be. Now, Lizzie may make mea 
present of this small gratification or not, just as she 
pleases, but, at any rate, the money can never come into 
my pouch. ‘The black crow that flies in our country’s 
“heaven’s sweetest air,’ the bird of antislavery, may 
have it; in other words, you may give it to the caws, 
but I will none of it. ... 

I sent you an article last week, but had no time to add 
even a line of private matter, as our mail closes at the 


* It was at Rochester, N. Y., that spirit-rapping began, 


1850] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 187 


very inconvenient hour of one. Inconvenient for me, at 
least, for I always write on the morning of the latest 
day, and so have barely three hours after breakfast. I 
wrote that in such a hurry that I fear there may be some 
blunders in it. I had some ideas in my head when I 
went to bed the night before, but I am suspicious that 
they escaped between that and next morning. I have 
been hoping to write something in verse about this hor- 
rible Slave Bill,* something in Hosea Biglow vein, with 
a refrain to it that would take hold of the popular ear 
(long enough to be easily taken hold of, you will say). 
I should like to tack something to Mr. Webster (the 
most meanly and foolishly treacherous man I ever heard 
of), like the tail which I furnished to Mr. John P. Robin- 
son. But I wish to be sure that it is good enough before 
I try it on in public, for a failure in such a case would be 
disastrous. I walk about crooning over various ridicu- 
lous burthens and cadences, and am not without hope 
that he may catch it yet. 

To-day, as you will see by the date of my letter, is our 
voting-day. What the result will be I have less means 
of judging than most men. But we abolitionists, you 
know, have no reason to be over-sanguine. I cannot help 
thinking that Mr. Mannf will be re-elected, and I hope 
he will, for I think he has had a sufficiently severe expe- 
rience of the folly of trying to serve party and duty at 
the same time. Like the tapster in Henry I1Vth, he has 


* The Bill for the rendition of fugitive slaves. 

+ Mr. Horace Mann, then a candidate for Congress, but mainly 
remembered and honored for his services to popular education in 
Massachusetts. 


188 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1851 


had only time to cry “Anon, sir,” to both parties at 
once, without satisfying either. Mr. Palfrey will not be 
chosen. He has less chance than at a special election, 
because the Hunkers turn out more fully to-day. I shall 
vote the “ Union” ticket (half Free-soil, half Democrat), 
not from any love of the Democrats, but because I be- 
lieve it to be the best calculated to achieve some prac- 
tical result. It is a great object to overturn the Whig 
domination, and this seems to be the only lever to pry 
them over with. Yet I have my fears that if we get a 
Democratic governor he will play some trick or other. 
Timeo Danaos et dona ferentes, if you will pardon stale 
Latin to Parson Wilbur. . 

Now that the power of writing has returned to me, 
you may expect articles pretty regularly. Asa general 
thing, the more I have to do the better I can do it, and 
I wish this winter to bea productive one. I have prom- 
ised Story* (this is between ourselves) to go back to 
Italy with him in June, if I can sell some land wherewith 
to pay our expenses. How long we shall stay I know 
not, but the farther I can get from American slavery the 
better I shall feel. Such enormities as the Slave Law 
weigh me down without rebound, make me unhappy, 
and too restless to work well in my own special vineyard. 

God bless both of you, 
} Redes 
TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Jan. 3, 1851. 
My dear Sydney,— ... I should have kept on writ- 


* Lowell’s friend from boyhood, the eminent sculptor. 


1851] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 189 


ing regularly for the Standard, but that I was interrupt- 
ed by two pressing exigencies. In the first place, I had 
(with an eye to the monetary crisis which always takes 
place in my affairs at the feast of the New Year) con- 
tracted to supply Graham with a humorous poem before 
Christmas.* I never undertook humor by contract before. 
The general result may be stated as ill-humor. However, 
I had promised. I had a subject, but, for the life of me, 
I could not begin. Fancy yourself knocked down for 
a pun ata dinner-party. With your head full of ’em, 
you would be as incompetent to the percussion-powder 
explosion under the chairman’s hammer as—Greeley, or 
Well, I could neither begin that nor do any- 
thing else. At last, having begun, I was interrupted to 
write a manifesto on the part of my sister in consequence 
of ’s blackguard letters.t Fancy me writing for 
the Daily Advertiser. It was the severest job I ever 


undertook. The result is only seven columns (and those 
only a kind of propyleeum, for I could hardly enter into 
the subject); yet I believe I was longer at work in actual 
hours than in writing all Hosea Biglow and the “Fable 
for Critics.” I shall send you copies when (or if) I have 
any. As soon as I got through that, I had to go about 
being funny again—with what success you will see in 
Graham by and by. It is comfortable writing for Gra- 
ham, for one never sees or hears of his pieces again un- 
less he choose to collect them. I lay in bed the other 


* For his Magazine. 

+ Letters in which Mrs. Putnam, his sister, had been attacked 
for her published opinions and statements in regard to the revo- 
lution in Hungary. 


1g0 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1851 


morning studying the rime upon the windows (which, I re- 
member, used to bea favorite school-exercise with me at 
Mr. Wells’s), and shaped out a little poem, which I shall 
send you for the Standard if it ever gets upon paper. 
At any rate, I shall send something before long... . 
Affectionately yours, 
Jers 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, April 20, 1851. 

My dear Sydney,—Edward Davis writes us that he 
wishes we could persuade you to go to Italy with us— 
to “go along,” as the Philadelphians say—if Lizzie will 
pardon me. Would there be any use in our trying? 
There is nothing I should like better. (Maria has writ- 
ten a letter to Lizzie which I did not see—so if I say 
anything over again you must forgive it.) We are go- 
ing in a fine ship which will sail from Boston on the Ist 
July. She was built for a packet, has fine accommoda- | 
tions, and will land us at Genoa—a very fit spot for us 
New-Worlders to land at and make our first discovery 
of the Old. 


A Castilia y a Leon 

(To Yankees also be it known) 
Nuevo mundo did Colon; 

And so we Western men owe a 
Kind of debt to Genoa. 


Also people can live like princes (only more respectably) 
in Italy on fifteen hundred a year. We are going to 
travel on our own land. That is, we shall spend at the 
rate of about ten acres a year, selling our birthrights as 


1851] TO SYDNEY H. GAY I9l 


we go along for messes of European pottage. Well, 
Raphael and the rest of them are worth it. My plan is 
to sit down in Florence (where, at least, the coral and 
bells and the gutta-percha dogs will be cheaper) till I 
have cut my eye(talian) teeth. Tuscany must be a good 
place for that. Then I shall be able to travel about 
without being too monstrously cheated. Another in- 
ducement for you—the Brownings are living there, from 
whom (you will be pleased to hear) I got a kind mes- 
sage the other day through Charles Norton. Do you 
think the matter over, and be ready to debate it when 
I come to New York, as I shall before I go, to bid you 
all good-by. 

We lost five trees by the gale last Wednesday, all firs 
and fifty feet high. I saw one of them snap like a pipe- 
stem as I sat at breakfast. It is some consolation to 
think that they were upset by the heaviest blow ever 
known in these parts. Ialso had my personal losses by 
the storm, though not recorded by the Cambridge Chron- 
cle, which contained a sublime description of the flood, 
and how it stood several feet deep on Magazine Street, 
and which almost shed tears over the architectural wreck 
of dozens of those little square edifices which adorn the 
rear of every Grecian temple in Cambridgeport. I lost 
ahayrick. It must have presented a magnificent spec- 
tacle, and I regret that its struggles and final downfall 
were not witnessed by the editor of the Chronicle, who 
would have described it epically. Think of me in future 
as one of the sufferers by the Great Storm. I was think- 
ing of getting upa corporation for the purchase of mash- 
graass, but that is all over now. 


192 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1851 


I have written some verses which I enclose—but sup- 
pose they are too late for this week’s Standard. If not, 
let them go in, or somebody else may forestall my mar- 
ket. I agonized to write something about the kidnap- 
ping of Sims, but the affair was so atrocious that I 
could not do it. The flax-cotton is a great thing. You 
remember “Schmelzle’s Journey to Flatz” (Richter), and 
how he read at last in a chemical work that by a simple 
process the oxygen might be extracted from the air, and 
instantly was horror-struck at the thought that some 
chemist in New Holland might at that very moment 
be perfecting an experiment by which all the oxygen 
should be discharged from the atmosphere, and so, whzt/ 
we all perish? Well this reminds one of it. Claussen 
with his stem of flax and his three or four phials there in 
his closet has fairly taken the oxygen out of the air on 


which slavery (and proslavery) lives... . 
Ever yours, 
JR ss 
TO FRANCIS G. SHAW 
Rome, 1851. 


Dear Frank,— 


While this I scribble, I’m sitting for my picture 

(And, to tell the honest truth, much rather would be kicked 
your 

Obedient, humble servant) to a gentleman named Kneeland * 

(Page will tell you who he is), and at present cannot see 
land, 

Tossed, as in a vile French steamer, on a cross sea of en- 
deavor 

To get into an attitude at once sublime and clever, 


* Not the true name. 


1851] TO FRANCIS G. SHAW 193 


That shall give to whoso sees it no trouble in supposing 

’Tis an epic or a tragedy that I am just composing, 

To while away the time with; but, in fact, though he don’t 
know it, 

I’m at work in my vocation, as a bored satiric poet, 

In taking off my taker-off who groweth dull and duller 

Twixt studying my attitudes and lecturing me on color, 

Out of which series number one (of to-be-published lectures) 

I, with such grapnels as I had, have fished these two con- 
jectures : 

First—that black’s truly white (or somehow so), and second— 

That Newton did not know so much as commonly is reck- 
oned. 

Thus, while through mist-abysses I’m gradually sinking, 

He wishes me to look (d’ye see?) as ’twere profoundly 
thinking, | 

That he may paint me, not as if I were a bale of cloth or 

A log of wood, but rather as a poet and an author; 

So, while he shifts from chair to chair, considering my atti- 
tude, 

I take my pen (at his request) and thus display my grati- 
tude. 

He’s a man of some perception (though he w2// call project 
progic), 

Tells me that fancy in my make’s subordinate to logic, 

That my mental current’s equable, not torrent-like nor lazy, 

And that to paint me as a bard deliberately going crazy 

And pouncing on a stanza as a hawk would on his quarry, 

Would not express my character, for which I’m truly sorry, 

Since he must paint me as I am (you will perceive), and so it 

Will not appear to future times that I, as fits a poet, 

Had not, ’mongst my other faculties, the chief one of in- 
sanity. 

Meanwhile, revolving round me still, as if he were a plan- 
et, he 

Informs me he’s approaching now a definite conception, 


13 


194 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1852 


Wants me to cock my head a bit, and try by self-deception 

To make myself believe that e’en this moment in my occiput 

I lay the keel and shape the ribs, and on the mental stocks 
I put 

Some mighty ship of thought, some seventy-four-like notion, 

That one day shall float proudly on the literary ocean. 

In truth, I’m vainly trying to hit on something that will stop 
his 

Morphean style of lecturing, in sentences like poppies, 

Which has already put to sleep one leg and, slowly rising, 

Will soon o’erpower the rest of me, all senses magnetizing. 

He has begun the drawing now, and, in a kind of dark hole 

Behind a half-closed shutter, has made a mark with charcoal 

For me (whene’er I cease to write) to fix my thought-rapt 
eyes on 

(That’s 47s phrase), while he sits at ease and (devil take him!) 
tries on 

One posture after t’other with a burnt stick that goes grit- 
ting, | 

Grit, gritting o’er the canvas, till I fancy I am sitting 

Upon my own nerves somehow, with their sharp points all - 
turned upward, 

And more edge upon my teeth than the vision of a cupboard 

Full of vinegar and oysters would put upon a poor soul’s 

Who’d been starving in the desert till the dirtiest of Moor’s 
holes 

(Where dried barley could be got with a little salt to put 
on it) 

Would seem a branch from Paradise with its ambrosial fruit 
on it. 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 


Elmwood, Nov. 22, 1852. 
My dear Friend,— ...I1 am very well and rather 
older—more inclined to stay in the quiet, if it may be, 


1853] TO MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW 195 


and lead purely a life of letters. ... I have written 
nothing since I left home except a few letters and a 
journal now and then. I have been absorbing. I have 
studied Art to some purpose, and like Page’s pictures 
better than ever. Him I saw first in Florence. I went 
to the Uffizi and passed him without knowing him. All 
his beautiful hair was cut short, and the top of his head 
getting bare. After I had passed, I heard him step 
back from his picture and recognized the tread. He 
was copying Titian as he was never copied before. I 
used to see picture and copy side by side—too severe a 
test—but his copies will bear it. He spent the winter 
in Florence and I in Rome, whither he goes this au- 
tumn. Rome is the only place for him. Few people 
stop long in Florence, and few orders are given there— 
in Rome a great many. I saw him next in Venice, 
where he was making two wonderful sketches of the “As- 
sumption” and the “ Presentation in the Temple of the 
Virgin.” We were together all the time nearly—in the 
gallery of the Academy, in the gondola, and at the Pi- 
azza in the evenings. He is just the.same noble, great 
man, and as fanatical about a certain person’s poems as 
ever. He has become something of a Swedenborgian, and 
finds great comfort in the inspired Bacon’s writings... , 
I am as ever most affectionately your friend, 
Tana: 


TO MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW 


Elmwood, Jan. 11, 1853. 
My dear Sarah,—You know that I promised solemnly 
to write you a letter from Switzerland, and therefore, of 


196 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1853 


course, I didn’t do it. These epistolary promises to pay 
always do (or at least always ought to) come back pro- 
tested. A letter ought always to be the genuine and 
natural flower of one’s disposition—proper both to the 
writer and the season—and none of your turnip japon- 
icas cut laboriously out of a cheap and flabby material. 
Then, when you have sealed it up, it comes out fresh 
and fragrant. I do not like shuttle-cock correspond-. 
ences. What is the use of our loving people if they 
can’t let us owe them a letter? if they can’t be sure we 
keep on loving them if we don’t keep sending an ac- 
knowledgment under our hands and seals once a month? 
As if there were a statute of limitations for affection! 
The moment Love begins to think of Duty, he may as 
well go hang himself with his own bow-string. All this 
means that if I should never write you another letter 
(which is extremely likely), and we should never meet 
again till I drop in upon you some day in another plan- 
et, I shall give an anxious look at myself in the mirror 
(while Iam waiting for you to come down), and shall 
hear the flutter of your descending wings with the same 
admiring expectation as I should now listen for your 
foot upon the’stairs...).>. 

Now, the reason I am writing to you is this: I spent 
Sunday with Edmund Quincy at Dedham, and, as I 
came back over the rail yesterday, I was roused from a 
reverie by seeing “West Roxbury Station” written up 
over the door of a kind of Italian villa at which we 
stopped. I almost twisted my head off looking for the 
house on the hill. There it stood in mourning still, just 
as Frank painted it. The color suited my mood exact- 


1853] TO MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW 197 


ly. The eyes of the house were shut, the welcoming 
look it had was gone; it was dead. I am a Platonist 
about houses. They get to my eye a shape from the 
souls that inhabit them. My friends’ dwellings seem as 
peculiar to them as their bodies, looks, and motions. 
People have no right to sell their dead houses; they 
should burn them as they used to burn corpses. Sup- 
pose these bodies of ours could be reinhabited, and 
that our heirs could turn an honest penny (as American 
heirs certainly would) by disposing of them by auction. 
How could we endure to see Miss Amelia Augusta 
Smith’s little soul giggling out of those sacred caves 
where we had been wont to catch glimpses of the shrink- 
ing Egeria of refined and noble womanhood? With 
what horror should we hear the voice that had thrilled us 
with song, startled us with ambushes of wit, or softened 
us with a sympathy that made us feel somehow as if our 
mother’s tears were mixed with its tones—I say, with 
what horror should we hear it using all its pathos and 
all its melodious changes for the cheapening of a tarla- 
tan muslin or the describing the dress that Eliza Ann 
wore at her wedding! I was too far off, thank God, to 
see Mrs. Smith looking out of your dead house’s win- 
dows, but I mused of these things as the train rolled 
on, and caught fragments of the vapid talk of a couple 
on the seat before me. I have buried that house now 
and flung my pious handful of earth over it and set up 
a head-stone—and I shall never look up to the hill-top 
again, let me pass it never so often. But I resolved to 
write a letter to its departed spirit. 

.. . It is hard writing at such a distance. If one be 


198 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1853 


in good spirits, and write a nice, pleasant, silly letter, it 
may find those to whom it goes on the other side of the 
world in the midst of a new sorrow, and will be as wel- 
come as a half-tipsy wedding-guest at a funeral. The 
thing which everybody here is talking about is the Tip- 
pers. The Rappers are considered quite slow nowadays. 
Tables speak as inspired, consolatory nothings are liter- 
ally delivered ex cathedrd. Bores whom we thought 
buried out of the way long ago revive in washstands 
and bedsteads. Departed spirits still rule us—but no 
longer metaphorically from their urns—they speak to 
us through the excited centre-table. I have heard of a 
particular teapoy that was vehement, slowly argumenta- 
tive, blandly sympathetic, wildly romantic, and all with 
its legs alone. Little did John Chinaman dream what he 
was making, as little as John Shakespeare knew that he 
had begotten the world’s wonder William. A neighbor 
of ours has an exhorting boot-jack, and I expect every 
day to hear of the spirit of Diogenes in a wash-tub. 
Judge Wells (Aunt Wells, as he is affectionately called 
by the Bar) is such a powerful medium that he has to 
drive back the furniture from following him when he 
goes out, as one might a pack of too affectionate dogs. 
I have no doubt I shall meet him some day with a foot- 
stool gambolling at his side or leaping up on his reluc- 
tantdees.i7 7 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Feb. 17, 1853. 
. .. By the way, you ought, it seems to me, to as- 
sume a nominative personality—I mean, take an edito- 


1853] TO C. F. BRIGGS 199 


rial name, like Kit North, Oliver Yorke, and Sylvanus 
Urban, Gent. It will be very useful on occasion. Just 
think it over. The public (hallowed name!) like these 
impersonal persons. They invest them with a halo of 
pleasant imaginary characteristics, and cotton to them 
more kindly than to downright, vulgar flesh-and-blood. 
A “comic man” wants the use of some such xomznts 
umbra for notes and occasional interjections—so that 
he may not always soliloquize, but may cut himself up 
when he wants a dialogue. Besides, one feels free to 
attribute his own good qualities to a personage of the 
fancy, and can, by means of him, expose all his pleasant 
weak points and silly little tastes and whimwhams with- 
out egotism. Hence Bickerstaff, De Coverley, Mr. Shan- 
dy, Geoffrey Crayon, Teufelsdréckh, and the rest. It is 
worth considering. Talk it over with the Pilgrim,* who 
is good at names. Give my best regards to him. I 
liked him as I do not often like new acquaintances. ... 
God bless you, 
Je Ra Tes 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, June Io, 1853. 
My dear Friend,—Of course I am sorry that “Our 
Own” has not succeeded, the more so as I was begin- 
ning to hope, from some things I heard, that folks were 
vetting to like it better. For all that, I cannot give up 
fancying that there is good in it—and I can bear this 
kind of cross as well as most people. My counsel is 


* George William Curtis, then associated with Mr. Briggs in 
the editorship of Putnam's Magazine. 


200 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1853 


not to print any more of it. That it should be damned 
is nothing. I could print it, as Fielding did one of his 
stupid farces, with “as it was d—d in Putnam's Maga- 
zine” on the title-page. But I could not bear to have 
you go on publishing it to the detriment of the MWaga- 
gine, merely out of friendship to me. You have no 
right to, for you are a trustee, and your first duty is to 
Putnam. I thank God for giving me at least this talent 
—that I love my friends better than I do my own pride, 
and can almost persuade myself that I love them nearly 
as well as my interest. There is no sfatu/a with which 
you can hold the Public’s tongue while you force things 
down their throat, and if there were there would be no 
use in it. These rubs, 1 fancy, brighten a man’s wits, 
and may help to let him know if his mind be an Alad- 
din’s lamp with which he can build palaces, or mere 
Brummagem which shows the copper the more you scour. 
At any rate, it is a charming provision of nature that all 
such adventures end, like Falstaff’s scene with Prince 
Hal, in our thinking better of ourselves for valiant lions 
ever after. The chief result of the affair will be that I 
shall add to a letter which I wrote yesterday to Story, 
in which I spoke of “Our Own,” this P. S.: “I just 
hear from Briggs that it is irretrievably damned.” Cox- 
clusum est de wllo—peritt. 

Meanwhile the thing has done me good already. It 
has given me something which I have a right to be an- 
noyed at and so relieved me of some imaginary stuff 
that darkened my mind. I do honestly feel more 
troubled on your account than my own, for I am sen- 
sible that I have disappointed a hope you had that I 


Pe eee oes 
1 


e 


1853] TO C. F. BRIGGS 201 


might be of service to you in a way that would be 
profitable to myself. I am in the position of a man 
who has allowed a note to be protested which has 
been endorsed by a friend. I owe you a large debt of 
affection and friendship, and, as I cannot pay you in 
any other way, I must even do it in kind—not a bad 
way neither, for it is a currency rarer, as this world goes, 
than pine-tree shillings of the first issue. Authors ought 
certainly to be as sensible as shopkeepers, and to know 
that if the public does not want their wares, it will not 
buy them any the sooner for being called fool and block- 
head. There may be a satisfaction in it, but it will not 
help pay a quarter’s rent. The best way is to take down 
sign, shut up shop, and go westward where there are 
fresh fields and pastures new, and both fortune and 
health to be dug from the soil. d/y West is to be found 
in a course of lectures, which I have already been paid 
for, and which I am to deliver before the Lowell Insti- 
tute next winter. I dare say they will be all the better 
for my having some of my conceit knocked out of me, 
and I can revenge myself on the dead poets for the in- 
juries received by one whom the public won’t allow 
among the living. I have also got so far as to have 
written the first chapter of a prose book—a sort of New 
England autobiography, which may turn out well, and 
I have the “ Nooning”’ to finish—which skaf/ turn out 
well. 

I hope you will print Clough’s* article—both on his 
account, for he is a man of genius, and on your own, 


* Clough was at this time resident in Cambridge. He contrib- 
uted several admirable articles to Putnam’s Magazine. 


202 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1853 


for he will make a valuable contributor. His “ Bothie”’ 
is a rare and original poem, quite Homeric in treatment 
and modern to the full in spirit. I do not know a poem 
more impregnated with the nineteenth century or fuller 
of tender force and shy, delicate humor. Is it within 
the possibilities of human nature that I like it all the 
better, and feel more inclined to stand by it, because it 
was unsuccessful? At any rate, 1 formed my opinion of 
it when I did not know whether it were popular or not. 
An oriole and a linnet have been singing against each 
other under my window, as the old minnesingers did in 
their song-tournaments. The linnet has kept the field, 
and, mounted on a higher elm-spray, sings louder than 
ever. Well, singing is pleasant, after all, and there may 
be some one whom you know naught of who is delight- 
ed as I am with the linnet. A bobolink and a catbird 
have entered the lists now, and the poor linnet is silenced. 
I think the bobolink the best singer in the world, even 
undervaluing the lark and the nightingale in the compar- 
ison. We do not ask any variety in the songs of birds. 
It is their very individuality that pleases us and our 
knowing the old friend by his first note. I fancy it is 
the same with poets, and that the man who can contrive 
to get himself into his verses, no matter how small he 
is, will live with the best of them.... 
Ever most affectionately yours (though d—d), 
Je Ra, 
TO THE SAME 
Sept., 1853. 

... 1 have corrected ‘‘ Moosehead,” stricken out a 

sentence or two, added an exculpatory colophon, and 


1853] TO C, F, BRIGGS 203 


you have it with this. I notice a suspicious “2d” on 
the leaves of the last half. Don’t cut it in halves. It 
will make but eleven pages, and is much better all to- 
gether. If it is dull, the public won’t thank you for 
making two doses of it; if entertaining, they will be 
glad to have it all at once. ... 

The October number hasn’t come yet, and we miss it 
—as it is the only periodical we have. Of September 
I got ¢wo copies, and you may think if I get twelve 
in the year it is all right. I wish to see Maria’s poem. 
She is quite cutting me out as a poet—though she 
laughs when I tell her so, God bless her! But I am 
going to astonish you (and everybody else, except Page) 
one of these days, my boy. I am beginning, I hope, 
to find out that I can work. Laziness has ruined me 
hitherto. 


Ever lovingly yours, 
Cosus. 


TO THE SAME 
Oct. 6, 1853. 


... 1 have copied a poem of Maria’s which it would be 
a great pleasure to me to see in the next number. The 
delight which it gives me to see them printed and liked 
is a great pleasure to her. And it gives her something 
to think about—a sort of tie to this world, as it were. 
I cannot bear to write it, but she is very dangerously 
ill—growing weaker and weaker. You must give my 
best regards to Curtis, and say that I must give up the 
hope of a visit from him this autumn. 

Will you also send me whatever is due to her for the 
other poem ?—for she would like to spend it for some- 
thing. 


204 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1853 


It is only within the last week that I have realized 
the danger. She has been so often ill and rallied from 
it that I supposed she would soon begin to get better. 
But there seems no force left now. 

I understand now what is meant by “the waters have 
gone over me.” Such a sorrow opens a door clear down 
into one’s deepest nature that he had never suspected 


before. 
God bless you. 


Ever yours, 
J. R. Lowe tt. 


No greater natural sorrow can befall a man than that 
which came to Lowell in the death of his wife. But he 
was not broken down by it. His temperament was too 
healthy, his character too strong to allow him to give 
way to despair. Of his four children, one little girl was 
left to him, for whose sake he must live. He sought 
distraction in work, and employed himself in writing. 
For the sake of change of scene and air, he spent the next 
summer on the sea-shore at Beverly. In the autumn he 
set to work upon a series of twelve lectures on the Eng- 
lish Poets, to be read at the Lowell Institute in Boston, 
in the winter. His powers of critical appreciation and 
reflection were displayed to advantage in these lect- 
ures. No such discourses had been heard in America. 
They added greatly to his reputation as critic, scholar, 
and poet. In January, 1855, he was appointed to the 
professorship of “French and Spanish Languages and 
Literatures, and Belles-Lettres,” in Harvard College— 
a chair to which its previous occupants, Ticknor and 


1853] TO C. F. BRIGGS 205 


Longfellow, had given the highest distinction. He ac- 
cepted the place with the condition that, before enter- 
ing on its duties, he should spend a year or more in 
Europe, for the purpose of making special preparatory 
studies. | 


TO,C..F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Nov. 25, 1853. 

My dear old Friend, — Your letter came while I was 
sadly sealing up and filing away my old letters, for I 
feel now for the first time old, and as if I had a past— 
something, I mean, quite alien to my present life, and 
from which I am now exiled. How beautiful that past 
was and how I cannot see it clearly yet for my tears I 
need not tell you. I can only hope and pray that the 
sweet influences of thirteen years spent with one like 
her may be seen and felt in my daily life henceforth. 
At present I only feel that there zs a chamber whose 
name is Peace, and which opens towards the sunrising, 
and that I am not in it. I keep repeating to myself 
“by and by,” “by and by,” till that trivial phrase has 
acquired an intense meaning. I know very well that 
this sunset-glow, even of a life like hers, will fade by 
degrees; that the brisk, busy day will return with its 
bills and notes and beef and beer, intrusive, distracting 
—but in the meantime I pray. I do abhor sentimental- 
ity from the bottom of my soul, and cannot wear my 
erief upon my sleeves, but yet I look forward with 
agony to the time when she may become a memory 
instead of a constant presence. She promised to be 
with me if that were possible, but it demands all the 


206 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1853 


energy of the soul to believe without sight, and all the 
unmetaphysical simplicity of faith to distinguish be- 
tween fact and fancy. I know that the little transpar- 
ent film which covers the pupil of my eye is the only 
wall between her world and mine, but that hair-breadth 
is as effectual as the space between us and the sun. I 
cannot see her, I cannot feel when I come home that 
she comes to the door to welcome me as she always did. 
I can only hope that when I go through the last door 
that opens for all of us I may hear her coming step 
upon the other side. That her death was so beautiful 
and calm and full of faith as it was gives me no conso- 
lation, for it was only that rare texture of her life con- 
tinuing to the very end, and makes me feel all the more 
what I had and what I have not. 

I began this upon a great sheet because it reminded 
me of the dear old times that are dead and buried now. 
But Icannot write much more. I keep myself employed 
most of the time—in something mechanical as much as 
possible—and in walking. ... 

You say something of coming to Boston. I wish I 
could see you. It would bea great comfort... . 

I am glad for your friendly sake that my article was 
a popular one, but the news of it only pained me. It 
came too late to please the only human being to please 
whom I greatly cared and whose satisfaction was to me 
prosperity and fame. But her poem—how beautiful it 
was, and how fitting for the last! ... 

So God bless you, and think of me always as your 


more loving friend, 
1 feo aes 


1854] TO C. E, NORTON 207 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Feb. 1, 1854. 


An ode of thanks for certain cigars, of which I am 
now smoking the third and find them excellent. 


Luck, my dear Norton, still makes shifts 
To mix a moral with her gifts, 
Which he may find who duly sifts, 


Sweets to the sweet—behold the clue! 
Why not, then, new things to the gnu, 
And trews to Highland clansmen true? 


’Twas thus your kindly thought decreed 
These weeds to one who is indeed, 
And feels himself, a very weed,— 


A weed from which, when bruised and shent, 
Though some faint perfume may be rent, 
Yet oftener much without a cent. 


But imp, O Muse, a stronger wing 
Mount, leaving self below, and sing 
What thoughts these Cuban exiles bring! 


He that knows aught of mythic lore 
Knows how god Bacchus wandered o’er 
The earth, and what strange names he bore. 


The Bishop of Avranches supposes 
That all these large and varying doses 
Of fable mean naught else than Moses; 


But, waiving doubts, we surely know 
He taught mankind to plough and sow, 
And, from the Tigris to the Po 


208 


LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1854 


Planted the vine; but, of his visit 
To this our Hemisphere, why is it 
We have no statement more explicit? 


He gave to us a leaf divine 
More grateful to the serious Nine 
Than fierce inspirings of the vine. 


And, that Ae loved it more, this proved,— 
He gave his name to what he loved, 
Distorted now, but not removed. 


Tobacco, sacred herb, though lowly, 
Baffles old Time the tyrant wholly 
And makes him turn his hour-glass slowly ; 


Nay, makes, as ’twere, of every glass six, 
Whereby we beat the heathen classics 
With their weak Chians and their Massics. 


These gave his glass a quicker twist, 
And flew the hours like driving mist, 
While Horace drank and Lesbia kissed. 


How are we gainers, when all’s done, 
If Life’s swift clepsydra have run 
With wine for water? ’Tis all one. 


But this rare plant delays the stream 
(At least if things are what they seem) 
Through long eternities of dream. 


What notes the antique Muse had known 
Had she, instead of oat-straws, blown 
Our wiser pipes of clay or stone! 


Rash song, forbear! Thou canst not hope, 
Untutored as thou art, to cope 
With themes of such an epic scope. 


1854] . TO C. F. BRIGGS 209 


Enough if thou give thanks to him 
Who sent these leaves (forgive the whim) 
Plucked from the dream-tree’s sunniest limb. 


My gratitude feels no eclipse; 
For I, whate’er my other slips, 
Shall have his kindness on my lips. 


The prayers of Christian, Turk, and Jew 
Have one sound up there in the blue, 
And one smell all their incense, too. 


Perhaps that smoke with incense ranks 
Which curls from ’mid life’s jars and clanks, 
Graceful with happiness and thanks. 


I pledge him, therefore, in a pufi— 
A rather frailish kind of stuff, 
But still professional enough. 


Hock-cups breed hiccups; let us feel 
The god along our senses steal | 
More nobly and without his reel. 


Each temperately ’baccy plenus, 
May no grim fate of doubtful genus 
E’er blow the smallest cloud between us, 


And, as his gift I shall devote 
To fire and o’er their ashes gloat, — 
Let him do likewise with this note. 


TS Ronee 


| TO C. F. BRIGGS 
Elmwood, Feb. 8, 1854. 
... 1 have an essay on “Cambridge Twenty Years 
Ago,” which I would finish for you if you wished it. It 
is better than that Moosehead thing, and Maria liked it. 
14 


210 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1854 


Of course, I had rather you should print it than any 
Onevelse. 410 

Curtis has been here and was as delightful as could 
be. He is a most charming companion, and his mind 
works so easily. I think his “ Castle-building” one of 
the best essays I ever read—I don’t care by what 
author. .. 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Feb. 15, 1854. 


My dear old Friend,— ... As for the poem I sent, as 
it is too late for March I care no more about it. But 
you are all wrong in the matter. It zs good and you 
will think so one of these days. You see how obstinate 
Iam. I really do not care for anybody’s opinion but my 
own—good opinion I mean—and, thank God! Ihave never 
got that yet. Ofcourse, I should like popularity if I could 
get it—the grapes are not sour; on the contrary, no one 
can enjoy more heartily than I do the sweetness of Cur- 
tis’s, who is eating them now with the bloom on, pulpy 
and full of sun. It is a pleasure to me to see him—for 
he will never be so happy again. The grape disease gets 
hold of all but this first crop. Popularity is as good for 
an author as the good-will of an audience to a speaker. 
It is his magnetism, and he lives and writes with the 
force of all his admirers—or, at any rate, I] should. ... 

If I can, I will write something about Clough, for I 
love him and would like to do him a service in an hon- 
est way. You can do penance by praising him for your 
(I don’t mean your, but your magazine’s) article about 
Alexander Smith, whose book is no more a poem than a 


1854] TO MISS LORING 211 


brush-heap is a tree. However, poor fellow, he is done 
for. He has announced another volume, and, as he can’t 
come up to what was said of his first, it will be counted 
a failure if ever so good. He has been launched as I 
have seen boys launch their little vessels—with so strong 
a push as to run wholly under water. 

I liked your article about the theatre very much, and I 
wish you would do your Swift. Zat would be excellent, 
I know. Why not make it a short Life, which is still a 
great desideratum? I liked Curtis's “ Chateaux” too. It 
is the best essay you have printed in Putnam. I think it 
more natural than his “ Potiphar Papers,” or, rather, the 
characters all existing and moving in that half-ideal air 
which is proper to the essay, we do not demand in them so 
much sharpness of outline and truth to every day which 
is essential in stories of life and the world. In the essay 
the characters ought to be Ideas talking—but the fault of 
the “ Potiphar Papers” seems to me to be that in them 
also there are dialogizing and monologizing thoughts, but 
not flesh and blood enough. In Dickens, the lower part 
of “the World” is brought into the Police Court, as it 
were, and there, after cross-examination, discharged or 
committed, as the case may be. The characters are real 
and low, but they are facts. That is one way. Thack- 
eray’s is another and better. One of his books is like a 
Dionysius ear, through which you hear the World talk- 
ing, entirely unconscious of being overheard.... 


TO MISS LORING 


Elmwood, Feb. 23, 1854. 
... I have been working like a dog (as the proverb is, 


212 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1854 


though I never saw any very industrious members of 
that family), driven to it by the two strongest motives, 
need of occupation and of money. 

The first half of my travels to Subiaco * will be 
printed in Graham next month.... 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, May 29, 1854. 

... Is not all this about that poor fugitive Burns 
nasty ? I can find no other word. I do not like to 
think that the natural instincts of Massachusetts are 
all snobbish, but it would take a good deal to convince 
me that they are not. They seem to take a positive 
pleasure in doing anything for a man whom they think 
an aristocrat; and while the Virginia newspapers are 
descanting on the meritoriousness of shooting Yankee 
schoolmasters, they are inviting a Virginia slave-hunter 
to dinner. By St. Paul! if things go on and the old 
Puritan spirit once get up again (if it be not dead), we 
may send them schoolmasters such as Oliver sent to 
Ireland. ... 


TO F. H. UNDERWOOD 
Beverly, Tuesday, 
July the somethingth (1854). 
My dear Underwood,—I have just come out of a fog 
and become part of the creation again. For two days 
you could not see your hand before your face, unless 
you held it there; and although a dense vapor went 


* A part of “ Leaves from My Journal.” 


1854] TO F. H. UNDERWOOD 213 


drifting by all the time, yet, in the words of King James 
Fifth’s ballad, 


‘Nothing was gone that could be mst.” 


To-day is as fine as can be, with a great lazy, hazy sea, 
and just enough fishing-boats to be picturesque without 
suggesting too vividly the idea of labor. The shadows 
of the white sails of immovable schooners fade immeas- 
urably towards me over the varnished sea. It has not 
gone eight bells yet!! (Is not that a fine touch of mari- 
time description, that last? God knows we have noth- 
ing in the house but one Connecticut clock that strikes 
on a spring in the briskly funereal manner that charac- 
terizes the time-pieces from that locality—as if another 
hour were dead, and we must say a moral word or two, 
and then bury him out of the way as soon as possible.) 
The consequence of its not having gone eight bells is 
that I am hitherto breakfastless, and with all the appe- 
tite incident to this marginal life. The tide is running 
out (that is one of our events) and the wind Sothe West 
by Sothe. 

I don’t know if you will ever get this. We were 
blockaded entirely by the fog. The last newspaper I 
saw was the Lzberator, and that inclines me to think 
that Boston has by this time met the fate of Sodom. 
When I come up to Commencement I expect to be fer- 
ried over a lake Asphaltites, where that once happy 
capital stood, and I will get the ferryman to rake a 
little with a boat-hook in the neighborhood of Phillips 
Geral DSO S. 7s) ans 


* A publishing house, in whose business Mr. Underwood was 
engaged. 


214 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1854 


I am in Cambridge to-morrow and next day, and shall 
see you, I hope. I will then arrange for your coming 
down hither. I have to write in haste, to send by a 
coach that passes. 

Remember me to Mrs. Underwood, and believe me 
always yours, 

Ms Be 
TO MISS NORTON 


[Beverly] Ship Underhzil, Eldredge, Mistress, 
Lat. 40° 20’, Long. (bad observation), 
Islands of Sirens bearing E.S.E. 24 miles. 

Aug. 14, 1854. 

... If I may trust a rather poor memory—without 
a book to make a crutch of—I ought to thank you for 
having given me so happy an example of the force of 
habit. Some four thousand years ago the fountain of 
Arethusa went down near Eleusis (?) and came up at 
Syracuse in Sicily, and now, translated to America and 
tolerably well bound, it has contrived to do the same 
thing between Shady Hill and Newport. I am quite 
content. I could not have a better minister resident, 
nor one less intrusive, only reminding you of me when 
you choose to give an audience, and then always saying 
better things than I could. So pray do not give her her 
passports yet. I shall bring the “Conversations” when 
I am happy enough to come myself. 

Now—in order that you may not fancy (as most per- 
sons who go to Rhode Island do) that Newport is the 
only place in the world where there is any virtue in salt 
water—I will say a word or two of Beverly. Country 
and sea-shore are combined here in the most charming 


1854] TO MISS NORTON 215 


way. Find the Yankee word for Sorrento, and you have 
Beverly—it is only the Bay of Naples translated into 
the New England dialect. The ocean and the forest are 
not estranged here, and the trees trust themselves down 
to the water’s edge most confidingly. In some places 
the ivy plays in the air and the kelp in the water, like 
children of different ranks making shy advances to each 
other. Close behind us rises a rocky hill, and the pine 
woods begin—wonderful woods, called Witch Woods 
by the natives because it is so easy to lose your way in 
them. All through them strange rocks bulge out—am- 
phibious-looking hybrids between sea-shore and inland— 
their upper edges fringed lightly with ferns that seem to 
entangle the sunshine and hold it fast, and their bases 
rough with queer lichens that look like water-weeds. 
I think there is more ocean than land in the blood of 
these rocks, and they always seem to me listening and 
waiting for the waves. If you leap down from one of 
them you sink ankle-deep in springy pine-tassel or moss. 
Somewhere in these woods is a visionary clearing and 
farm-house, which every one gets a glimpse of—but no 
man hath seen twice. You hear the crowing of cocks, 
the contented low of cattle rubbing their soft throats 
over the polished bars, and sometimes a muffled throb 
of flails; presently, through some wood-gap, you see the 
chimney and the blue breath of the hearth in the cool 
air, but when you have made your way through the 
next thicket, all is gone. I think it is the farm of one 
of the old Salem warlocks, and buy my vegetables wa- 
rily, fearful of some ill thing. Here and there, climbing 
some higher rock, you get a gleam of sea through some 


216 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1854 


scoop in the woods—a green cup filled half with potable 
gold. 

We are in a little house close upon the road, with the 
sea just below, as seen through a fringe of cedar, wild 
cherry, and barberry. Beyond this fringe is a sand- 
beach where we bathe. ... As I look out of my window 
I see the flicker of the sea’s golden scales (which the 
moon will by and by touch with her long wand and turn 
to silver) stretching eastward forever. We are at the 
foot of a bay, across the mouth of which lies a line of 
islands—some bare rock, some shrubby, and some wood- 
ed. These are the true islands of the Sirens. One has 
been disenchanted by a great hotel, to which a steam- 
boat runs innumerably every day with a band—the en- 
ergetic boong / boong!—boong! boong ! boong !—of the bass 
drum being all we hear. Our sunset is all in the south- 
east, and every evening the clouds and islands bloom 
and the slow sails are yellowed and the dories become 
golden birds swinging on the rosy water. 

Well, well, after all, I am only saying that Nature is 
here as well as at Newport, and that she has not lost her 
knack at miracles. But at Newport you have no woods, 
and ours are so grand and deep and unconverted! They 
have those long pauses of conscious silence that are so 
fine, as if the spirit that inhabits them were hiding from 
you and holding its breath—and then all the leaves stir 
again, and the pines cheat the rocks with their mock 
surf, and that invisible bird that haunts such solitudes 
calls once and is answered, and then silence again. I 
would not have told you how much better this is than 
your Rhode Island glories—only that you Newport folks 


1854] TO W. J. STILLMAN 217 


always seem a little (I must go to my Yankee) stuck up, 
as if Newport were all the world, and you the saints that 
had inherited it. But I hope to see you and Newport 
soon, and I will be lenient. You shall find in me the Bev- 
erly grandeur of soul which can acknowledge alien merit. 


TO W. J. STILLMAN 
Grub Street, Dec. 7, 1854. 

My dear Sir,—I am sorry to have kept your proofs 
so long, but I was absent from home the day they 
came. 

I don’t know now whether I sent the right part of the 
poem.* But I wished to give you the most palletty — 
part first, and am now so overwhelmed with Lectures 
and Grub Street that I have literally not time to copy 
the introductory verses describing the island. But, my 
dear sir, if Bryant has given you a poem you should 
put fiat in your first number by all means. It will do 
you more good than many of mine, and your first duty 
is to your Crayon-child, wherever you are not obliged 
to sacrifice any principle to it. Don’t mind me in the 
least. J wish your journal to succeed. Remember that 
success is the only atmosphere through which your ideas 
will look lovely to the public you wish to influence. 
Bryant’s name will help you more than mine, therefore 
take him first. Not that I like to give up my place on 

* Mr. Stillman was about to begin the publication of the 
Crayon, a weekly journal of art and literature, and the poem 
here referred to was entitled “My Appledore Gallery.” This 
poem now appears, in part, in Lowell’s Works as “ Pictures 
from Appledore.” The Crayon was the most able and inter- 


esting journal of the kind ever published in America. Its vol- 
umes have a permanent value, but are now hard to obtain. 


218 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1854 


board at the launch neither, for Iam sure it will be a 
graceful one. 

You mustn’t talk about Christmas gifts and things. 
I shall think you mean to keep me in Grub Street in 
spite of myself. I positively will not be paid in any 
way, if I may say so after being more than paid by 
your beautiful drawings, which Mabel likes as much as 
I do, and declares a preference for the larger one—“ On 
the... ’’—I can’t make out the name—but I shall call 
it the Lethe, that drowsy water with tree-dreams in it— 
so smooth and sleek and soaked with sun, it seems a 
drink of it would quench the thirst of all sad memories. 
Only no Lethe can, for we are our own saddest memories 
—ahundredaday. Ithank you for them most heartily 
and for your letter as well. Iam glad you had a pleas- 
ant day here. J had, and you made me fifteen years 
younger while you stayed. When a man gets to my 
age enthusiasms don’t often knock at the door of his 
garret. I am all the more charmed with them when 
they come. A youth full of such pure intensity of 
hope and faith and purpose—what is he but the breath 
of a resurrection-trumpet to us stiffened old fellows, 
bidding us up out of our clay and earth if we would 
not be too late! 

Your inspiration is still to you a living mistress— 
make her immortal in her promptings and her consola- 
tions by imaging her truly in art. Mine looks at me 
with eyes of paler flame and beckons across a gulf. 
You came into my loneliness like an incarnate aspira- 
tion. And it is dreary enough sometimes, for a moun- 
tain-peak on whose snow your foot makes the first mor- 


1855] TO MISS LORING 219 


tal print is not so lonely as a room full of happy faces 
from which one is missing forever. This was originally 
the fifth stanza of ‘“ The Windharp,”: 


O tress! that so oft on my heart hast lain, 

Rocked to rest within rest by its thankful beating, 

Say, which is harder—to bear the pain 

Of laughter and light, or to wait in vain 

"Neath the unleaved tree the impossible meeting? 

If Death’s lips be icy, Life gives, I wis, 

Some kisses more clay-cold and darkening than his! 
Forgive me, but you spoke of it first. 

I have done better than send you a poem—lI have 
got you—a subscriber! On this momentous topic I 
shall enlarge no further than to say that I wish to be 
put on your list also in my capacity as gentleman and 
not author. I will not be deadheaded. I respect my 
profession too much. 

You may add a note, if you like, saying that Apple- 
dore is one of the Isles of Shoals, off Portsmouth, N. H., 
discovered by the great Captain Smith, and once named 
after him. A cairn on the apex of Appledore is said to 
be of his building. 

Heartily and hopefully yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO MISS LORING 
Elmwood, Jan. 4, 1855. 

. .- I have been worked to death, and in wretched 
spirits about my lectures, which would not march as I 
wished them to, for all I could do. I am beginning 
now to be able to be carried away a little—so I may 
get something into them.... 


220 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


Man (or at any rate the subgenus Lowell) was not 
meant to earn his living—but won’t I Zzve when I get 
done with it? By April first I shall be free—I shall have 
done making a fool of myself, and shall make April 
fools of other people with immense relish. ... 


TO W. J. STILLMAN 
Elmwood, Jan, 11, 1855. 

My dear Friend,—I fear you have thought me very 
cold and ungrateful not to have answered sooner (if it 
were only with God bless you!) your very kind and ten- 
der letter. I cannot say more of it than that it came 
to my heart like the words of a woman. I need not 
write how entirely grateful I am for it. 

I have delayed writing till 1 found a chance to copy 
some more “ Appledore” for you. ‘I have sent a toler- 
ably long bit this time, for I suppose you will like some- 
thing to fill up as much as may be. So look upon it as 
a large canvas that will, at least, cover bare wall. I 
have had your two drawings framed, and they hang up 
now on the inside of my door and please everybody 
that sees them, me above all. 

I have been so fearfully busy with my lectures! 
And so nervous about them, too! I had never spoken 
in public, there was a great rush for tickets (the lect- 
ures are gratis), only one in five of the applicants be- 
ing supplied—and altogether I was taken quite aback. 
I had no idea there would be such a desire to hear 
me. 

I delivered my first lecture to a crowded hall on 
Tuesday night, and I believe I have succeeded. The 


1855] TO W. J. STILLMAN 221 


lecture was somewhat abstract, but I kept the audience 
perfectly still for an hour and a quarter. (They are in 
the habit of going out at the end of the hour.) I de- 
livered it again yesterday afternoon to another crowd, 
and was equally successful—so I think I am safe now. 
But I have six yet to write, and am consequently very 
busy and pressed for time. 

I felt anxious, of course, for I had a double responsi- 
bility. The lectures were founded by a cousin of mine, 
and the trustee is another cousin—so I wished not only 
to do credit to myself and my name, but to justify my 
relative in appointing me to lecture. 

It is all over now—and, as far as the public are con- 
cerned, I have succeeded; but the lectures keep me 
awake and make me lean. 

I am quite sensible now that I did not do Mr. Bryant 
justice in the “ Fable.” But there was no personal feel- 
ing in what I said—though I have regretted what I ad 
say because it might seem personal. I am now asked 
to write a review of his poems for the WVorth American. 
If I do, I shall try to do him justice. 

I think he has been more fortunate in Flemish pict- 
ures than I if he does not find in “ Appledore”’ a sez- 
timent that is wanting in them. One of the best frag- 
ments is yet to come. 

Consider my immense occupation just now, and if I 
do not always write it, still believe that I am 

| Always affectionately yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


222 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Jan. 25, 1855. 

My dear Friend,—I came very near forgetting my 
proof-sheets altogether, but I have delivered five of my 
lectures now, and on Friday shall have half finished 
my course. Meanwhile I have only a week’s start, so 
that I have to work hard—what with inevitable inter- 
ruptions. 

I like Mr. “ W. Sylvester’s ’ poem very much indeed. 
I can only give my general feeling now. I will enter 
upon some particulars by and by. But I like it particu- 
larly, though—no, I was going to say that I was not sure 
that I accepted the philosophy of it; but, on looking 
again, I find it stated with more limitation than I had 
supposed. 

Do not think that I feel the less interest in you and 
yours because I write such scrawls. I am not used to 
being tied to hours or driven. I have always waited 
upon the good genius—and he will not come for being 
sent after by express, so I am in a feeze half the time. 

I find the Crayon liked (as it deserves) by those I 
chance toisee: ne. % 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Monday [Feb., 1855]. 

. I shall have done grinding for the Philistines 
next Saturday, and it will give me, I need not say, the 
greatest pleasure to see you. 

I dare say I was thinking of you the day you speak 
of—for I often do, busy as I am, and I have been mean- 


1855] TO MISS NORTON 223 


ing for some time to write you a word merely to say 
that Longfellow told me the other day that he would 
send you the first poem he had that was suitable for 
your purpose. Perhaps he has written; if not, I shall 
be glad to be the herald. 

You will like to hear (but at present it is a semi-secret) 
that Iam to be nominated next Thursday to fill Long- 
fellow’s place in the College. It was all very pleasant, 
for the place sought me, and not I it. 

I have only to deliver two courses of lectures in the 
year, have all the rest of my time to myself, and the sal- 
ary will make me independent. If the Overseers of the 
College confirm the appointment of the Corporation (of 
which there is little doubt) I shall go abroad for a year 
to Germany and Spain to acquire the languages. 

So by the time you come I shall probably be Pro- 
fessor Lowell at your service, and shall expect immense 
respect in consequence. ‘Take care after that how you 
squire or mister me! 

I have not discovered the dulness of the Crayon, and 
only hope its point will be sharp enow to draw the public. 

If I go to Berlin, I will send you some sketches of the 
gallery. there.) Spain, too} isirichs, A.) 3 


TO MISS NORTON 
. Madison, Wisconsin, April 9, 1855. 

. . . Though I have been in such dreadfully low spir- 
its since I left home that I have not seen much to write 
about, yet I like to keep my promises, and as I have had 
one very pleasant adventure, I will try to make a letter 


224 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


of it. I will premise generally that I hate this business 
of lecturing. To be received at a bad inn by a solemn 
committee, in a room with a stove that smokes but not 
exhilarates, to have three cold fish-tails laid in your 
hand to shake, to be carried to a cold lecture-room, to 
read a cold lecture to acold audience, to be carried back 
to your smoke-side, paid, and the three fish-tails again— 
well, it is not delightful exactly. On the whole, I was 
so desperate that, after a week of it, I] wrote out hither 
to be let off—but they would not, andsoherelam. [I 
shall go home with six hundred dollars in my pocket, and 
one of those insects so common in Italy and Egypt in 
my ear. Sometimes, though, one hasvery pleasant times, 
and one gets tremendous puffs in the local papers. 
But... I have a nice little oasis to talk about—so I 
will to that. I arrived, then, at Baggs’s Hotel, in Utica, 
which (the hotel) has a railroad running through it—so 
you may fancy how pleasant it is—to dinner, and it oc- 
curred to me that it was Saturday, that I was only twelve 
miles from Trenton Falls, and that I had no engagement 
till Monday evening. To the Falls, then, I would go 
and spend the Sunday. Mr. Baggs assured me that it 
was in vain; that Mr. Moore, at Trenton, would not 
“take anybody in” (so he dubiously phrased it) in win- 
ter; and that I should have my cold drive for my pains. 
I had travelled enough not to take anything for granted, 
—so I hired a “cutter” and a pair of horses and a huge 
buffalo-skin coat to drive, and set out. It was snowy 
and blowy and cold, and part of the way the snow was 
level with the backs of the horses (Bison-skin had proph- 
esied it, but I did not believe till I saw)—think of it, 


1855] TO MISS NORTON 225 


on the 24th March! One good remark came out of the 
bison-skin on the way. A clumsy driver nearly ran into 
us, upon which Bison-skin, with some preliminary obser- 
vations which I omit, told his brother Jehu that “he 
didn’t know no more ’n a last year’s jackass!” Imagine 
the state of mind of an zzmature animal of that species! 

We drove fast in spite of the deep snow, for we “had 
the pootiest pair o’ colts that went eout o’ Utiky,” and 
in about an hour and a half drew up in front of the 
huge deserted hotel, its dark color looking drearier in 
contrast with the white snow and under the gathering 
twilight. I tried the front door in vain. The roll of 
skins suggested a door below. I went, knocked, and a 
grave, respectable man in black (looking not the least 
like an American landlord) opened the door and said, 
“‘ Good-evening, sir.” 

“‘Good-evening, sir. Mr. Moore, I believe ?”’ 

“ That’s my name, sir.” 

“Can you lodge me till Monday ?” 

“We do not keep our house open in winter, and pre- 
fer to live privately, sir.” 

This was said in such a quiet way that I saw there 
was nothing more to be said on the tavern side—so I 
changed my front. 

“T have seen the Falls several times in summer, and 
thought I should like to see them in their winter fash- 
ions. They must be even more beautiful, I fancy. I 
hoped also to have a quiet Sunday here, after a week’s 
railroading ’—and I gave a despairing look at the gloomy 
weather and the heap of bison-skin. 

Mr. Moore loves his Falls, and I had touched him. 

Hs 


226 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


“T will ask Mrs. Moore, and see what she says; she 
will have all the trouble.” 

He opened a door, said something I could not hear, 
and instantly a sweet, motherly voice said, 

“Certainly, by all means.” 

‘Mrs. Moore says she will be happy to have you 
stay. Walk in, sir. I will have your luggage attended 
to.” 

Meanwhile I had not told Mr. Moore my name, of 
which (however illustrious) I feared he might never have 
heard, and there was no mark on trunk or carpet-bag by 
which he could discover it. Presently we sat down to 
tea, and I was charmed with the gentle and affectionate 
atmosphere of the family. There was a huge son and 
two little girls and a boy—I wish Wendell Holmes could 
have seen them—the stoutest children I ever saw. Then 
there was a daughter-in-law—a very sweet-looking girl 
with her first child, a lovely baby of a year old who 
never cried. I know that first babies never do—but he 
never did. After tea Mr. Moore and I smoked and 
talked together. I found him a man with tastes for 
medals, pictures, engravings, music, and fruit culture. 
He played very well on a parlor-organ, and knew many 
artists whom I also knew. Moreover, he was a Unita- 
rian. So we got along nicely. Mrs. Moore was hand- 
some and gentle. She was a granddaughter of Roger 
Sherman. After our cigars Mr. Moore showed me his 
books, and among others the “ Homes of American Au- 
thors.” Heasked me if I had ever seen it. Here was 
a chance to introduce myself quietly. So I said, “Yes, 
and I will show you where I live.” I showed him ac- 


1855] TO MISS NORTON 227 


cordingly the print of Elmwood, and he grew more 
friendly than ever. 

I went out in the night to get my first sight of the 
Falls, refusing to be accompanied and profusely warned 
of the danger of the ravine’s frozen and slippery edges. 
They were slippery, but I did not tumble in, as you see. 
(Forgive my chirography. I am writing with tears in 
my eyes, for my stove smokes worse than common.) 
As I looked down into the gorge, after wandering 
through the giant hemlocks, nothing could be finer. 
The edges of the stream were frozen and covered with 
light, new-fallen snow, so that by contrast the stream 
seemed black, wholly black. The night gave mystery 
to the profound abyss, and I fancied it was the Water 
of Oblivion I was gazing down at. From afar I heard 
the murmur of the first fall, and, though I thought I 
had understood Goethe’s “ Fisher” as I have sat by 
the side of the sea, I never had fully till now. I felt 
again a true poetic enthusiasm revive in me, dead for 
so long. I feared to stay, there was such an impulse to 
leap down. For the first time I became conscious of 
the treachery of the ice-edge, and walked backward cau- 
tiously into the wood. Then I made my way among 
the trees and over fallen hemlock trunks, guided by the 
increasing murmur to the first fall. I now found (or 
guessed) why there was so little roar. The fall was en- 
tirely muffled in ice. I could just see it through the 
darkness—a wall, or rather veil, of ice covering it whol- 
ly. It was perfectly a frozen waterfall, as I discovered 
the next morning—for the front of it had thawed in the 
sun so that it was polished as water and was ribbed and 


228 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


wrinkled like a cascade, while the heap of snowy dééris 
below made the spray. I went back to the house and 
(charming inconsistency of this double nature of ours)), 
with the tears scarce dry in my eyes, sat down to smoke 
another cigar with Mr. Moore and to play Dr. Busby 
with the children. 


Here I was broken off short—and have not had a 
moment since: I am now at the Burnet House, Cincin- 
nati, and it is Friday, the 12th April. I go on. 

In the morning Mr. Moore took me out and showed 
me the best points of view, after which he considerately 
left me. It wasacold morning, and the spray, as it rose, 
crystallized in feathers, as fine as those of a moth, on 
the shrubs and trees and sides of the gorge. Fora few 
moments the sun shone and lighted up all these deli- 
cate ice-ferns, which, in texture, were like those star- 
shaped flakes that fall from very cold clouds. After- 
wards I saw Niagara, but he is a coarser artist, and had 
plastered all the trees with ice like alabaster. He is a 
clumsy fellow compared with Cuyahora. The ice-work 
along the rocks at Trenton is very lovely. Sometimes it 
hangs lightly, honeycombed by the sun and bent by the 
wind from the fall as it froze—looking like the Venetian- 
lace drapery of an altar. At other times it has frozen 
in filtering stalactites precisely like organ-pipes. .. . 


TO W. J. STILLMAN 
Elmwood, May Io, 1855. 
My dear Friend,—I ought to have written before, 
but have been enjoying a short visit to the Castle of 


1855] TO W. J. STILLMAN 229 


Indolence, where writing-materials are contraband. But 
since I came home I have read all the back numbers of 
the Crayon, and must tell you how much I like it and 
what pleasant things I hear said of it. I think your 
articles are just right—marked as much by ¢act as by 
ability. Your success, I cannot but think, is now past 
all question. I cannot say too strongly how deep a 
pleasure I find in the purity of tone and earnestness of 
purpose that distinguish what you write. I am proud 
to have made such a friend. 

I saw Longfellow yesterday, and reminded him of his 
promise to send you a poem—and he renewed it, but 
said that just now he had not anything he liked well 
enow to send. I told him that it did not matter for a 
long poem, and that his zame would be of service to the 
Crayon, now that it was seeking an introduction to the 
world. I know that he means rightly, and only hope 
that he will send you something while it can be of com- 
mercial value to you. Don’t be shocked at my market- 
place view of the thing. I feel as wise as a woman when 
I find anybody with a beard who seems a worse man- 
ager than I, and one has a right to be shrewd for his 
friend. 

Meanwhile I send you some verses * of my own, which 
you may like or not, as you please. They are very 
much at your service if you want them, and perhaps 
Professor Lowell’s name may be of use. 

Was there not a poem of your own in the last num- 
ber? or whose was it? The second one, I mean, without 


* “Tnvita Minerva.” 


230 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


signature. There were some verses in it that pleased 
me much—but the poem wanted more care. Nobody 
has a right to puzzle so good a reader as I am, and I 
was several times in doubt as to meaning. 

As soon as we have a leaf or two I shall expect a 
visit from you. I will write and let you know when 
our winter is over. Our spring is like that delicacy, 
a frozen plum-pudding, which cheats every uninitiated 
person into an impromptu toothache. It dvoks as if it 
ought to be hot, and zs Nova Zembla focussed. 

Remember me kindly to Mr. Durand, and think of 
anything I can do for you on the other side. I go to 
Germany first, and am, everywhere and always, 

Affectionately yours, 
J. R. LOwELt. 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, May 21, 1855. 

My dear Friend,—“It being accordingly granted that 
the earth is a hollow cube—” “ But I beg your pardon, 
my dear sir, I granted no such thing.” 

“Well, then, it being necessary to the purposes of this 
argument that the earth should be a hollow cube, which 
is precisely the same thing, I go on to demonstrate,” etc. 

Now, what does he mean by saying that your picture 
is “an unpleasingly grouped assemblage of unpleasing 
natural objects”? Isa hemlock trunk unpleasing? Is 
the silvery-gray boll of a sloping birch unpleasing? Is 
the beech-stem plashed with wavering pools of watery 
sunshine unpleasing? And pray tell me how, in a pic- 
ture, a thing can be “literally rendered.” There is no 


1855 | TO W. J. STILLMAN 231 


such matter possible. The closer the imitation, in giv- 
ing rounded and irregular shapes, perspective, etc., ona 
flat surface, the greater have been the difficulties over- 
come, and the greater the imagination in being able to 
see things as they truly are and not as they seem. To 
make a model of a beech-stem is quite another affair. 
We would rather have a section of the real thing. Is 
there not a difference even in daguerreotypes in favor 
of the man who is enough of an artist to choose the 
right moment and point of view? And even were the 
tree-trunk a deformed one; were it ever so ugly, mis- 
shapen, Warty, scrofulous, carious, what you will—it is 
one of the curious psychological facts that it is yet not 
unpleasing. For, while any /usus nature in anything 
that breathes is hateful, a fanciful resemblance to the 
diseases and deformities of animal life in anything that 
merely grows appeals to our sense of the odd, the hu- 
morous, the grotesque, or else is not disagreeable be- 
cause it is a likeness upward and not downward. But 
this glances towards a deeper deep, and I forbear. Any- 
how, I like your picture and the idea of it, only you 
must make interest with Aquarius to water your lake a 
little. But, 


‘“‘ When they talked of their Raphaels, Correggios, and stuff, 
He shifted his trumpet and only took snuff.” 


Or let me translate a proverb from the Feejee dialect, 


Ms That which we like likes us: 
No need of any fuss.” 


Nay, take this other, which I this moment copy from 
the walls of a house just unburied at Pompeii: 


232 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


Perchance the thing I banish me expels. 

Be chary, Ostracizer, of thy shells! 

Madman, thou deem’st thyself sublimely free, 
And liest on straw in that cramped cell of thee. 


Or, perhaps, this is a better translation of the last coup. 
let : 


Thou deem’st thyself a king, poor crazy elf! 
Chained to the wall of that cramped cell—thyself. 


The Feejee Islanders (who love curried Calvinists and 
minced missionary) and the Pompeians (who got up 
such suicidal fireworks for the entertainment of Admiral 
Pliny) knew a thing or two, nevertheless! 

It is a glorious, blue, north-westerly day; the oak- 
woods are pink with buds; the linnets, catbirds, fire 
hang-birds, and robins are all singing hymeneals to the 
Spring, and she trembles through all her wreaths of 
new-born leaves and seems equally pleased with each of 
them. She does not say, “ Oh, linnet, put yourself to 
school with Maestro Catbird,” nor “ Be silent, Robin, my 
boy, till you can sing like Signor Robert of Lincoln.” 
Per Bacco! did not brave Masaccio paint St. Peter right 
in the streets of Florence, working a miracle with vulgar 
Florentines all about him, and did not Raphael and 
Michael say that the Brancacci Chapel was their school? 

Will you spend Saturday and Sunday with me? I 
have so many things to do and folks to see that I can- 
not name an earlier day. But come then or any when, 
and you shall be welcome. 

Tom Appleton’s poem only wanted work to be a fine 
one, and I advise you to print as many more such as 


1855] TO JAMES T, FIELDS 223 


you can lay your hands on. It had the soul of poetry 
in it, anyhow. 

I send back the proofs corrected. I am not quite 
pleased with the verses, but they have a meaning in 
them. 

I shall expect you on Saturday, and till then addio. 

Always yours, 
J. R. LOwE tt. 


TO JAMES T. FIELDS 
Elmwood, May 21, 1855. 

My dear Fields,—It has just got through my skull, 
and made a dint in my sensorium, that you wrote mea 
note, ever so long ago, about my lectures and the publi- 
cation of them. I don’t mean to print them yet—nor 
ever till they are better—but at any rate I consider my- 
self as one of your flock, though not perhaps as laniger- 
ousassome. I don’t like being transplanted and having 
to get newly rooted. I said when I came to you that 
you should have the offer of whatever I wrote, and I 
have not forgottenit. There is a great deal of the barna- 
cle (my revered ancestors, according to the Development 
folks) left in me, and I am not fond of migrations. I 
stick to my friends—less, perhaps, from virtue than lazi- 
ness—but I stick. 

I only wish my books were more profitable to both of 
us—but at any rate it will be long before I twitch my 
professional gownd and say, “ To-morrow to fresh Fields 
and Ticknors new.” 

I ought by this time to have been in Boston, and so 


addaio. Yours ever, J. R. Loweii 


234 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


TO. Cc. E. NORTON 
London, Aug. 11, 1855. 

... Well, what have I been doing and what am I 
doing in London? I spent nearly three weeks (rather 
dull ones) in Paris, and am come hither to see the Storys, 
whom I otherwise might never have seen again. It has 
been a good thing for me. The climate agrees with me, 
and I feel better than fora long time. I thought I had 
a right to a vacation, now that the other Professors are 
having theirs. (I have not got used to that confounded 
title yet.) 

I was heartily tired of Paris. I used to think of what 
good old Mr. Sales said about his father-in-law, “ Paris is 
not just the place for a deacon, you know, by Sheorge!”’ 
However, the Louvre was always fine, and I went thither 
nearly every day. I was never tired of sitting in front 
of a portrait by Titian there, and trying to make out the 
history in that face, so young and yet so full of experi- 
ence, of sadness, and above all, resolve. I made up my 
mind that I would rather have it than any other picture 
in the world—yes, rather than my favorite “‘ Presentation 
of the Virgin” in Venice. I shall try to get a photo- 
graph of it. It was also a great pleasure to me that I 
discovered Rembrandt—not all of him, but his mastery 
in portrait. Surely in this he comes next to the great 
Venetians. I say not all of him—for I had not then seen 
his “ Jacob’s Dream,” at Dulwich College. It is full of 
imagination and grandeur—and yet perfectly Dutch, too, 
for Jacob is nothing but a Flemish peasant, even to the 
costume. But those wondrous angels! There are only 


1855] TO C. E. NORTON 235 


two, and yet they are enough—so dim and dreamy and 
majestic they are, and one thinks he can make out hosts 
of them in that darkling glory behind. It is just a brown 
heath, with one brown dream of a tree, under which lies 
a brown Jacob. Everything is brown but the two gray 
angels, both draped below the feet, and with such soft, 
such silent wings—yet so full of sweep and sustentation ! 
Henceforward I am to be thankful for another great gen- 
ius. We met Browning and his wife there, and Brown- 
ing pointed out to us some reeds behind Jacob, evidently 
scratched in with the handle of the brush, showing how 
rapidly it had been painted. Another picture which in- 
terested me was a portrait of Lady Venetia Digby, by 
Vandyke. It seems painted after death. She lies on 
a pillow, pale, and with flowers strewn about her. I was 
glad to show Mrs. Browning the likeness of a woman 
who had inspired so noble and enduring a love in so re- 
markable a man as Sir Kenelm. She is always associated 
in my mind with Beatrice and with the better part of my 
life. Sometimes I think, my dear Norton, there are no 
happinesses like our sad regretful ones. Joy and sorrow 
are sisters surely, and very like each other too, or else 
both would not bring tears as they do equally. And this 
reminds me of Tennyson’s “ Maud,” which I think won- 
derfully fine—the antiphonal voice to “In Memoriam.” 
I tried to read it aloud, but broke down in the middle in 
a subdued passion of tears... . 

I will go back to Paris. The Beaux Arts part of the 
Exposition was interesting and instructive. I saw Des- 
camps and Rousseau in full force, and the décolleté school 
also. All French art nowadays—almost all—is more or 


236 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


less so. I like Rousseau. He has a true love of Nature 
and confidence in her, and will make a landscape out of 
a little pool of water and a few reeds, just as she does. 
But the pictures that interested me most were by a man 
I had never heard of—named Hamon. His “ Théatre 
Guignol” is very striking. It is a little Punch theatre, 
where Cupid, Minerva, etc., are the puppets. You see 
behind the grim head of the showman. In front stands 
Dante taking notes sadly. Homer approaches led by a 
little boy. A®schylus is also there and the great heroes. 
Socrates sits on a bench with the children, who alone 
weep at the tragedy. Diogenes is just retreating to his 
tub, disgusted that he cannot find a man. How fine 
that is, with all these great ones around him! In this 
man’s pictures, a Teutonic soul seems to have entered 
into French art. I cannot find much meaning—indeed, 
no deep one—in any of their painters since Nicolas 
Poussin. I like 42 as well as ever. By the way, there 
is a delicious picture of his at Wilton House, where I 
was yesterday. Were you ever there? J was yesterday 
—only yesterday. I can hardly believe it here in the 
smoke of London, with some musicians howling and 
drumming under my windows. It was there that Sidney 
wrote his “ Arcadia ’—and it was a fit place for a picture 
by the man who painted the EA? ego 2x Arcadié. That 
was my first exclamation when I entered the court-yard. 
I think, next to Fountain’s Abbey, it is the most charm- 
ing thing I have seen in England—and just after Stone- 
henge, too; the contrast was so fine. The day was kind 
to us also. At Stonehenge it was gray and solemn, 
without a gleam of sun, and with a wild wind sighing 


1855] TO C, E, NORTON 237 


across the bleak heath. At Wilton it was all sunlight 
and cloud-shadow, and the noble cedars on the lawn 
gloomed grandly over the close-clipped sward which in 
England makes up (with its bright yellow-green) for sun- 
shine when there is none. Some of the finest Vandykes 
I have ever seen are there, reminding me (as the rooms 
did also, for they are quite Italian) of the Colonna Pal- 
ace in Rome. But I am running on too far. J must 
only tell you of one wonderful thing I saw in France— 
the Cathedral of Chartres. It is very grand—with mossy 
saints and angels looking down upon you out of that 
hoary, inaccessible past. It is the home now of innumer- 
able swallows and sparrows, who build upon the shoul- 
ders of those old great ones—as we little folks do too, I 
am afraid. Even here I found the Norman—for when 
I mounted to the spire I saw numbers of hawks who 
dwell in the higher parts, as in their castles, and prey on 
the poor Saxons below. fer Bacco! how little heed 
nature pays to our theories and our Jean Jacques Rous- 
seaus! I never heard finer music than the wind made 
among the stone chords of the spire... . 

It is to-morrow now, for I had to break off there, and 
it is really the 11th August now. I dated my letter 
wrongly. ... 

Well, since I wrote what is above, I have got my pass- 
port in order, and spent an hour with Leigh Hunt, who 
told me as a pleasant thing that his copy of my poems 
had been carried off and never brought back, and that 
he had vainly tried to get the book from the London 
Library, but it was always out. He talked of Byron, and 
he told me a good thing his wife said on seeing Byron’s 


238 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


portrait (before seeing him)—that “he looked like a boy 
to whom a plain bun had been given when he expected 
a plum one.” Carlyle, he said, was hugely tickled with 
this. 

... Thackeray gave us (Story, Cranch—whom I 
brought over from Paris—and me) a dinner at the Gar- 
rick Club. The place is full of pictures of actors and act- 
resses, some of them admirable—-one of Garrick as Mac- 
beth, for example—especially those by Zoffany. The din- 
ner was very funny. Thackeray had ordered it for ¢zwo, 
and was afraid there would not be enough—an apprehen- 
sion which he expressed very forcibly to the waiter. He 
said something to Story which pleased me wonderfully. 
There were some cutlets which dd look rather small. 
“Eat one of ’em, Story,” said he; “ it will make you feel 
a little hungry at first, but you’ll soon get over it.” The 
benevolent tone he gave to the sooz was delightfully 
comic. After dinner, we went to a room over the “ Cy- 
der Cellar” to smoke. Thackeray called for a glass of 
gin and water, and presently sent for the last “‘ New- 
comes,” saying that he would read us the death of Colonel 
Newcome. While he was reading, came in a tall man in 
his shirt-sleeves, and cried, ‘‘ Well, Thack, I’ve read your 
last number. Don’t like it. It’s a failure. Not so good 
as the rest!’ This was Maurice John O’Connell. Thacke- 
ray was not at all disturbed, but sent him off cavalierly. 
While reading one of the worst tirades of the “Cam- 
paigner” he interrupted himself to say, ‘“ That’s my she- 
devil of a mother-in-law, you know, whom I have the 
good-luck to possess still.” I complained of his marry- 
ing Clive and Ethel as an artistic blunder. He acknowl- 


1855] TO C., E, NORTON 239 


edged that it was so. ‘“ But then, you see, what could a 
fellow do? So many people wanted ’em married. To 
be sure, I had to kill off poor little Rosey rather sud- 
denly, but shall not a man do what he will with his 
own? Besides, we can hope they won’t have any chil- 
dren.” 

I see that I must come to an end. I have been living 
here in London at No. 1 Bulstrode St.—out of Welbeck 
St.—chez Madame James, a very civil Swiss woman. 
They give me my breakfast, and I get a chop at the 
Mitre Tavern for my dinner. Let me recommend the 
Mitre. The great Elizabethan wits used to go there, 
and Dr. Johnson afterwards. His bust overlooks you 
there, dingy with the steam of many generations of 
dinner. Besides all this, the chops are the best in Lon- 
don. It beats the “Cock and Dolly’s.” In Paris I de- 
voted myself to the public good, and tried many res- 
taurants. JZy verdict is for Véfour, in the Palais Royal. 
It is as good as the “ Trois Fréres”’ and Véry—cheaper 
—and they give more champignons than anybody else. 
If you had been with me in Paris, I would have gone 
down to half the cathedral-towns (this is @ propos, you 
observe, of chops and cafés) of France. As it was, I 
had not spirit enough. But Chartres was almost enough 
in itself for a lifetime. The day, also, was superb—clear 
and lucent, with a great white cloud here and there to 
make the blue companionable for the imagination, and 
to dapple the green landscape with shadow. ... 

. . . On the whole I find myself much as usual. I 
learn more or less every day, but never to hold my 
tongue as much as I ought, nor not to throw away 


240 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


money when I have any in my pocket. Also I smoke 
dreadfully, and very bad cigars. 

Give my love to Longfellow, and tell him that to 
know him is to be somebody over here. As the author 
of various esteemed worksI am nothing in particular; 
but as his neighbor—it is as good as knowing a lord. 
England is full of his admirers, but advise him never 
to come hither, for I have a fancy that poets consume 
their adorers by showing themselves to them—as the 
god burnt up Semele. I flatter myself there is a good 
simile made of Semele. Perhaps that is why I said it— 
and professed myself of that opinion. Ido not think 
there is any special danger in Longfellow’s case. Give 
my love also to Mrs. Longfellow. I suppose I may say 
at this distance, without blushing, how much I admire 
and value her. For dignity, I think of her and the Venus 
of Milo together. 

This is a tremendous letter, but perhaps it will be 
long enough before you get another. So don’t be scared. 
Don’t forget me to Appleton and Curtis. Tell Kensett 
that his cigars were admirable. I had twenty left when 
I got to Paris, which I divided with Cranch. Addio.... 


TO MISS LORING 


No. 4, Kleine Schiessgasse, ~ 
Dresden, Oct. 3, 1855. 


... 1am beim Herrn Hofrath Dr. Reichenbach, who 
is one of the kindest of men, and Madame is a “ first-rate 
fullah”’ too, as my nephew Willie would say. I havea 
large room am Parterre, witha glass door opening upon 
a pretty garden. My walls are hung with very nice 


1855] TO MISS LORING 241 


pictures painted by the guddige Frau herself; and they 
were so thoughtful as to send down before I came a 
large case with American birds very well stuffed and 
mounted, so that I might have some friends. Some of 
them are very familiar, and I look at the oriole some- 
times till I hear him whistling over the buttercups in 
the dear old times at Elmwood. Ah, how deep out of 
the past his song comes! But zx zst hin, verloren ist 
verloren! Then I have one of those solemn ceremoni- 
als, a German bed—with a feather-bed under which I 
engrave myself at night and dream that I am awaiting 
the last trump. Then I have the prettiest writing-table, 
bought expres pour mot by Madame, we7l ich ein Dichter 
éin—and at which I am now sitting—with drawers for 
everything and nothing. I rack my brains for what to 
putin’em. I am fast turning into a“ regular” German, 
according to the definition of that Italian innkeeper at 
Amalfi, who told me, speaking of a man that was 
drowned, “bisognerebbe che fosse un Tedesco perché 
sempre stava a casa, e non faceva niente che fumaree 
studiare.” I get up um steben Uhr, and das Madchen 
brings me my coffee and Lutterbrod at 8. Then I be- 
gin to study. Iam reading for my own amusement (du 
liebe Gott!) the aesthetische Forschungen von Adolf Zei- 
sing, pp. 568, large octavo! Then I overset something 
aus German into English. Then comes dinner at 1 
o'clock, with uugeheuer German dishes. Machmittag I 
study Spanish with a nice young Spaniard who is in the 
house, to whom I teach English in return. Um sechs 
Uhr ich spasieren gehe, and at 7 come home, and Dr. R. 
dictates and I write. Aber potztausend Donnerwetter! 
16 


242 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


what a language it is to be sure! with nominatives send- 
ing out as many roots as that witch-grass which is the 
pest of all child-gardens, and sentences in which one 
sets sail like an admiral with sealed orders, not knowing 
where the devil he is going to till he is in mid-ocean! 
Then, after tea, we sit and talk German—or what some 
of us take to be such—and which I speak already like 
a native—of some other country. But Madame R. is 
very kind and takes great pains to set me right. The 
confounded genders! If I die I will have engraved on 
my tombstone that I died of der, dze, das, not because I 
caught ’em, but because I couldn’t. Dr. R. is one of 
the most distinguished Naturwissenschaftsgelehrten (! !) 
in Europe—a charming, friendly, simple-hearted man. 
TI attend his Vorlesungen und etwas verstehe. .. . 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Dresden, Monday, Oct. 12, 1855. 

... Whitman—I remember him of old; he used to 
write for the Democratic Review under O'Sullivan. He 
used to do stories then, @ 7a Hawthorne. No, no, the 
kind of thing you describe won’t do. When a man aims 
at originality he acknowledges himself consciously un- 
original, a want of self-respect which does not often go 
along with the capacity for great things. The great fel- 
lows have always let the stream of their activity flow 
quietly—if one splashes in it he may make a sparkle, 
but he muddies it too, and the good folks down below 
(I mean posterity) will have none of it. We havea feel- 
ing of quiet and easy-going power in the really great 
that makes us willing to commit ourselves with them. 


1855] TO W. J. STILLMAN 243 


Sometimes I have thought that Michel Agnolo cocked 
his hat a little wee bit too much, but after seeing his 
Prophets and Sybils (i y) you'll say I’m a wretch. It is 
not the volcanoes, after all, that give a lasting and se- 
rene delight, but those quiet old giants without a drop 
of fireblood in their veins that lie there basking their 
unwarmable old sides in the sun no more everlasting 
than they—patent unshiftable ballast that keep earth 
and human thought trimmed and true on an even keel. 
Ah, the cold-blooded old monsters, how little they care 
for you and me! Homer, Plato, Dante, Shakespeare, 
Cervantes, Goethe—are they not everlasting boundary- 
stones that mark the limits of a noble reserve and self- 
restraint, and seem to say, “ Outside of us is Chaos—go 
there if you like—we knew better—it is a dreary realm 
where moan the ghosts of dead-born children, and 
where the ghost of mad old Lear is king’’? 

My dear Norton, upon my word I am not giving you 
an extract from my next lecture. . 


TO W. J. STILLMAN 
Dresden, Oct. 14, 1855. 

My dear Friend,—You may lay it to anything you 
like except my having forgotten you that I have not 
written sooner. I have thought of you only too much, 
for I wished when I wrote to send you something for 
the Crayon,and not finding aught to write about, you 
began to haunt me and to shake your printer’s-inky 
locks at me—only, unhappily, the case was just the re- 
verse of Banquo’s, since thou couldst say I’d mot done 
it. Now this would not do. I would not have a friend- 


244 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


ship which I valued so much—more than any contracted 
in these later years—associated with any uneasy thought. 
So I resolved to lay the ghost at once—as we can all 
blue ghosts that haunt us—in a sea of ink. What have 
I to say now that I had not a month ago? Nothing— 
but then I will manfully write and say so. I can at 
least tell you how warm and strong a feeling I have tow- 
ards you, and that is something. But for the Crayon ? 
That we will see presently. First, 1 must thank you 
for the likeness of yourself, which you may be sure 
I am glad to have with me, and for your letters. Only 
why so short? One would think you were writing 
across Broadway instead of the Atlantic; but I will give 
it a good turn by thinking that you do not feel me far 
away from you,as I truly am not. About Griswold and 
the rest of it I understand nothing and care as little, un- 
less for its troubling you. When I get over here it is 
the Styx that is between me and America. I have drunk 
Lethe water to wash down nepenthe with, and have 
forgotten everything but my friends, like a happy Shade. 
What care we careless Spirits for what troubled us— 
still more for what might have troubled us in the flesh? 
“My little man,” says Wordsworth to Pope, when they 
meet in the Fortunate Islands, “I am sorry to say ’’— 
the wretch! he is not sorry a bit—“ that your poems are 
not so much read as once.” ‘My what? ah, poems— 
yes, I think I did write some things once. And so they 
don’t read ’’em, eh? ’Tis all one for that—I wouldn’t 
read em myself. Come in here with me, Mr.—a—a—I 
beg your pardon—ah, Wordsworth? Yes, come in, Mr. 
Wordsworth, and try the Lethe; ’tis the best spring in 


1855] TO W. J. STILLMAN 245 


the place, and you will meet some eminent characters 
in the pump-room.” So it goes. Give yourself no more 
trouble about the picture; as it is one, I suppose I may 
say hang the picture! But I dare be sworn you have 
forgotten all about it by this time. 

But for the Crayon—what have I seen? Why, I have 
seen the Van Eyck at Ghent, and liked it so well that 
I have never a word to say about it. And I saw the 
Memlings at Bruges—what a place it is! a bit of Italy 
drifted away northward, and stranded like an erratic 
bowlder in Flanders—and I liked those so well that Iam 
equally dumb thereanent. And I saw the Rubenses in 
Antwerp, which have all been skinned alive by the re- 
storers, and which they have put into a little room 
fenced off from the Cathedral, so that they may get a 
franc out of every stranger who comes there—the Jews! 
“Is not my Father’s house a house of prayer? But ye 
have made it a den of thieves.” There has been great 
power and passion in those pictures—Rubens is a poem 
translated out of Low Dutch into Italian; but in the 
little dog-hole where they are one cannot see them. 
What was meant to be seen at forty feet shall one see at 
fifteen? Offer a man a magnifying-glass to look at an 
elephant with! Somehow I feel inclined always to say, 


“ He was a great gentleman, that Rubens’’—but great 
man seems a little too much. But great he surely was 
in some sense or other—you feel ¢Hat. Then I saw all 
the Dutch pictures at The Hague; but I think that Rem- 
brandt, the greatest imagination those Low Countries 
ever produced, is better seen here in Dresden than at 


The Hague. As for Paul Potter’s famous “ Bull,” it is 


246 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1855 


no more to be compared with Rosa Bonheur’s “‘ Horse 
Fair’ than a stuffed and varnished dolphin with a liv- 
ing one. Here there are some wonderful pictures. Ti- 
tian’s “ Tribute-money’’ is marvellously great; the head 
of Christ the noblest and most pathetic I have ever 
seen—full of a magnificent sadness. There is also a 
truly delicious Claude—a deep, rock-imbedded bay so 
liquidly dark and cool! There isa Holy Family by 
Holbein, too, poetically prosaic. I forgot to speak of an 
Albert Diirer at The Hague—a portrait of the future 
emperor (Maximilian, I think) as a child of three years, 
with an apple in his hand instead of the globe of em- 
pire, which was afterwards, if I remember, so heavy to 
him. Is it not a pretty fancy? But I have really got 
something for the Crayon—this is not—but must wait 
till next week’s mail—an account of a visit I made to 
Retzsch. It is late now, and Iam not in a good mood 
neither. I have heard bad news—not of Mabel, thank 
God! | 

You might make an item of this—that the King of 
Saxony allows no copies to be made in the gallery, in 
order that the artists here may choose original subjects 
and paint out of their own experience. Also Bende- 
mann (their best painter here) is making a good picture 
—very pure and classic—out of the meeting of Ulysses 
with Nausicaa in the Odyssey. But I must say good- 
night and God bless you! I have so much writing of 
German to do that my eyes can’t bear much night- 
work, and it is near twelve. Sunday is my only holi- 
day. Next week, then. 

Ever your affectionate friend, 
J. R. Lowe tt. 


1856] TO C. E. NORTON 247 


I hope the Crayon prospers, though it is almost too 
good for that. Write me, when you are not over- 
worked. 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Wednesday Morning, 1856. 


. . . Cranch is a good fellow, with gifts enough for 
three—only his fairy left the drzass out when she 
brought her gifts to his cradle. Foolish fairy! for 
men can change brass for gold all the world over, as 
far as I have observed, and I take it for granted in 
Jupiter also. If aman have brass enough of his own 
he has no difficulty in getting as much @s alienum as 
he wants. 

There is no lecture to-day because this is Mittwoche, 
so I have time to scold a little. Don’t you see that 
you are very unphilosophical to complain in that way 
about the modern painters? It is not for want of gen- 
ius. There is more power and more imagination in that 
great picture of Couture’s than in all the old Italians 
put together, leaving out the four greatest. Those old 
fellows owed an immense deal to costume. It is just as 
it is with the old poets. The second-rate fellows of two 
centuries ago had a material that we have no longer. 
The language itself was more poetic, and they accord- 
ingly sometimes say a very commonplace thing in a way 
to bring tears into one’s eyes or make the roots of one’s 
hair creep. The great merit, it seems to me, of the old 
painters was that they did not try to be original. To 
say a thing, says Goethe, that everybody has said be- 
fore, as quietly as if no one had ever said it, that is orig- 


248 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


inality. Then the modern school is sensual where the 
old one was sensuous. It is perfectly shocking to see 
how much nakedness for nakedness’ sake there is in that 
Exposition. It is no longer Saint Luke but the Dame 
aux Camélias that presides over the painters’ guild. I 
could say ever so much to account for it—nay, to excuse 
it, bad as it all is—but it would be going too deep and 
too far for the few lines I have left. And where are the 
old landscapes comparable to ours? Claude is great, 
but he had no imagination—and Turner is great, almost 
in spite of himself, because he had so much. But even 
in him there are few touches like the boy launching his 
shingle-boat in the “ Building of Carthage.” Keep your 
eyes wide open when you are in Italy and see what 
weak-kneed giants some of those old Italians were. And 
especially see Hamon again and the pre-Raphaelites. 
Hunt’s “ Angelo (?) and Isabella”’ is full of power and pas- 
sion—Claudio I mean. Vixére fortes post Agamemnona. 
I sha’n’t bother you with another letter for ever so long, 
and don’t be worried to answer this.... 


TO THE SAME 
Dresden, Jan. 3, 1856. 

My dear Charles,— .. . You don’t find my letters very 
wise? Then I will turn over a new leaf. 

When, from the always bleak and often cloudy sum- 
mits of Experience, my dear Norton, we look down upon 
the varied passions and activities of man, we find—that it 
is impossible to go on any longer in ¢hat strain. So, my 
dear Charles, I wheel about and come back to my own 
natural self, of which, good, bad, or indifferent, I hope my 


1856] TO C. E, NORTON 249 


letters will always have the merit of being for the mo- 
ment a perfectly true reflection. He cannot be a wise 
man who never says a foolish thing, and, indeed, I go 
further, and affirm that it takes a wise man to say a fool- 
ish thing. So much in answer to your unseemly impu- 
tations. And while I am scolding, I will do it all at 
one breath, and ask why you did not as usual send me 
the regards of the rest of the family, which I always 
value and always depend upon receiving? You are now 
sufficiently humiliated to read the rest of my letter in a 
proper spirit. 

It always happens somehow that when I have a par- 
ticularly bad day, then comes a letter out of Italy and 
gives me a longing that always sends me off on a twi- 
light walk in the grosses Gehage—a great solemn mead- 
ow in the neighborhood of Dresden, with long rows of 
lindens planted by Augustus the Strong. There in the 
cutting wind and under the cold stars 1 gather courage 
again. I am as well off here as it is possible to wish, 
but I don’t like it—and that makes all the difference in 
the world. 

One of my earliest associations is with the Bridge of 
Augustus at Narni—a print of which hangs in our din- 
ing-room; and the words Veduta del ponte d’ Augusto 
sopra la Nera a Narni were familiar to my eye long be- 
fore I knew their meaning, and I can see them and the 
picture printed clearly on the air before me when I close 
my lids. I spent a happy summer day and night there. 
Hleu quantum minus est.... 

I fear I shall not get to Italy. I cannot tell till March 
—it will depend on my progress in German. I am an 


250 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


officer, you know, sent out on a particular service, and 
not to amuse myself. I have made some headway—can 
read German almost as easily as French. That is al- 
ready something. Meanwhile, my studies do me good. 
My brain is clear and my outlook over life seems to 
broaden. I am tormented with a tremulous nervous- 
ness sometimes—especially on Wednesday, when I ex- 
pect letters from home—but hope to find I have har- 
vested something when I get home into the quiet again. 
You must excuse it if it juts through into my letters 
sometimes—or always. 

But if we cannot meet in Italy, can’t we somewhere 


else? ... 
Your affectionate 
4 Ped a By 
TO JOHN HOLMES 
Dresden, Jan., 1856. 
My dear John,—... Here is an inscription I copied 


for you in a village inn: 


“ Firchte Gott Fear thou God 
So wirst du selig! And thou’lt be holy! 
Trinke Bier Drink thou beer 
So wirst du frohlich! And thou'lt be jolly! 
D’rum fiirchte Gott So fear thou God 
und and 
Trinke Bier, Drink thou beer, 
So wirst du selig And thou’lt be holy 
und and 
Frohlich hier !” Jolly here! 


Around the room, just as in our farm-houses and coun- 


1856] TO JOHN HOLMES 251 


try-taverns, hung samplers and urns with very weeping 
willows—also writing-exercises of the children—consist- 
ing of copies of verses addressed to the mother. There 
were silhouettes, too, of all the family, and one of the 
landlord in his youth as a trooper—painted bright blue 
and with a very long gilded sword—in a ferociously 
murderous attitude. This was a lithograph, and you 
must know that they are sold at all the fairs and serve 
indifferently for any unfortunate who is drawn for a sol- 
dier, the only difference being in the names written un- 
derneath. The landlord was delightfully unlike his pict- 
ure, having grown enormously fat, and scarce able to 
rise from his corner by the great stove and pull off his 
little skull-cap to say “ Your most obedient servant, sir.” 
Here is another inscription from the same place. It is 
not an uncommon one and is very pleasing: 


“Bis hierher hat Gott geholfen, 
Gott hilft noch— 
Und Gott wird weiter helfen.”’ 


Hitherto hath God still holpen, 
God helps yet— 
And God will farther help us. 


But there is a peculiarity here that exists, I think, no- 
where else, and that is the column of private announce- 
ments in the Anzezger—a paper devoted wholly to ad- 
vertisements. Here people inform the public of their 
marriage, of deaths in the family, lovers make assigna- 
tions, friends wish each other joy on their birthdays. 
E. g.: “To-day at three o’clock in the morning ended, 


252 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


after a short but most painful illness, our good mother, 
sister, and aunt, Mrs. Ernestine Caroline, widowed apoth- 
ecary Wehner, born Uhlich. Whoever knew the worth 
of the blessed gone-to-sleep will measure our great pain 
and not refuse a silent sympathy. Dresden, Io Jan., 
1856. Rudolph Wehner, pianist, in the name of the 
other left-behinds.” (I translate literally.) The next 
is probably from one of the guild of Mary hight Mag. 
dalene: ‘To Henry Held a thrice-thundering-health on 
his to-day 33d birthday! [cradle-feast]. Marie H.” This 
is from a dependant or poor relation, I surmise: ‘To 
Madame W. Schwarze, on her to-day’s cradle-feast, offers 
congratulations with all respect. M.G.” Here is an 
anonymous one: ‘Mr. Mez is requested not to mix 
himself in other people's affairs, though he is a suitor of 
Miss E. Besides, he has very much deceived himself. 
All is not gold that glisters.” 

All these I have copied out of the same paper. Here 
is another specimen: “ The this morning at 3 o’clock 
happily accomplished delivery of his wife of a healthy 
Boy announces earnestly hereby to worthy friends and 
acquaintances—the Director Z. F. Zencke.” “This fore- 
noon God made us a present [literal] of a lusty daugh- 
terkin. Julius and Theresa Zakel.” “As newly married 
present their compliments, Theodore Roack, practical 
physician, and Clara Roack, born Drescher.’’ Some- 
times the advertisements have a German thoroughness 
about them that is quite amusing. I enclose one at 
random. ... 

Ever yours affectionately, 


1) oa Be 


1856] TO C. E. NORTON 253 


TO C. E. NORTON 


Dresden (no notion of the date, but 
some day in January, 1856). 


My dear Charles,— ... The study of German widens 
so before me—the history of the literature is so inter- 
esting and, by its harmonies and discords with our own, 
sets so many things in a white light for me, that I see 
infinite work and satisfaction ahead. I wish to do this 
branch of my tree of knowledge thoroughly—even to 
picking the guarly fruit—before I climb out and risk my 
brains on another. But I have such an unutterable long- 
ing for Italy, such a heavy ground-swell sets in upon my 
heart when I think of it—and any trifle is enough to 
whirl all my thoughts in that direction—that I now have 
a plan of running down and back in March. Your men- 
tion of Page blew up in one grand explosion all the ram- 
parts I had been painfully [erecting] against my hopes 
and wishes, and I am left defenceless again. . . . You 
must remember that I have been living in the most 
profound solitude all winter, without a human creature 
to talk to, having in literal fact seen nobody but Doctor 
and Madame R., and talking to them always in German 
or French. They tell me nobody ever learnt German 
so fast—which is no wonder, for I have done nothing 
else. 

I see that Rome has already begun to infect you. 
People always begin by wondering what other people 
find in the old Rookery, and end by saying that there 
are so many Thises and Thats, but there is only one 
Rome—which, however, is a mistake, for there is an- 
other in the State of New York, and in much better 


254 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


repair. I say this to show you that I have learned a 
little of the German thoroughness of investigation. 

But really can it be possible that I dream once more 
of deing there? I can hardly believe it—and if I did not 
think it would do me good, both physically and men- 
tally, I would not even dream if I could help it. It 
would freshen up my Italian, which has fallen fright- 
fully into abeyance here—so that I have a professional 
reason. It takes me a great while to learn that I have 
a tether round my leg—I who have been used to gallop 
over the prairies at will—and I find myself brought 
up now and then with a sharp jerk that is anything 
but pleasant to the ¢z4za. But I suppose I shall learn 
to stand quietly up to my manger at last. Shall I 


come’? ./. 
| Affectionately yours, 
In PROFESSORE. 


TO DR. ESTES HOWE 
Dresden, Feb. 4, 1856. 

My dear Doctor,— .. . The greatest event that has 
recently taken place here I will relate. There are Court 
Balls once a fortnight which Dr. Reichenbach is ex- 
pected to attend—and also to attend in uniform. This 
uniform (Madame being a wonderful housekeeper) is 
packed carefully as soon as he comes home, to await its 
next day of service. The trousers are of white broad- 
cloth, and these are carefully turned inside out. Now, 
you must know that if our dear Doctor gets to thinking 
of any point in Natural History—particularly if he has 
heard of anew humming-bird, he becomes wholly uncon- 
scious,of the outward world. For this reason he is al- 


1856] TO W. J. STILLMAN 255 


ways obliged to pass in review before Madame when he 
is going anywhere—a ceremony he is a little impatient 
under and tries to escape from in a blind, blundering 
kind of way, like one of his own beetles. On the occa- 
sion in question he was interrupted by Madame, just as 
he was triumphantly setting forth with his cocked hat 
under his arm, his rapier at his side, and—his trousers 
on wrong side out, the pockets fluttering on each hip 
as if the herald Mercury had buckled his talaria on too 
high up! Fancy his arrival at the palace and his obei- 
sance to majesty! He is one of the most charming of 
men, learned, superstitious, whimsical, and amiable.... 
Your affectionate brother, 
eee Ei 


TO W. J. STILLMAN 


Dresden, Feb. 18, 1856, 

My dear Friend,—I reproach myself bitterly for not 
having sooner answered your letter—but what is the 
use of spurring an already beaten-out horse? what en- 
ergy can self-reproaches communicate to a man who 
has barely resolution enough to do what is absolutely 
necessary for the day, and who shoves everything else 
over into the never-coming To-morrow? To say all in 
one word, I have been passing a very wretched winter. 
I have been out of health and out of spirits—gnawed 
a great part of the time by an insatiable home-sickness, 
and deprived of my usual means of ridding myself of 
bad thoughts by putting them into verse, for I have 
felt always that I was here for the specific end of learn- 
ing German and not of pleasing myself. 


256 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


Just now I am better in body and mind. My cure 
has been wrought by my resolving to run away for a 
month into Italy. Think of it—Italy! I shall see 
Page and Norton and the grave of our dear little Wal- 
ter. I can hardly believe that I am going, and in ten 
days. 

What you tell me about the Crayon you may be sure 
fills me with a very sincere regret. It does not need to 
tell you how much interest I took in it and you—and, 
what is better, my interest in it was not that merely of 
a friend of yours, but sprung from a conviction that it 
would do much for the esthetic culture of our people. 
I am very sorry on every account that it is to be given 
up. I had hoped so much from it. It is a consolation 
to me to think that you will be restored to the practice 
instead of the criticism and exposition of Art, and that 
we shall get some more pictures like the one which took 
so strong a hold of me in the New York Exhibition. 
I shall hope to become the possessor of one myself 
after I get quietly settled again at Elmwood, with the 
Old Man of the Sea of my first course of lectures off 
my shoulders. You must come and make me a visit, 
and I will show you some nice studies of landscape in 
our neighborhood, and especially one bit of primitive 
forest that I know within a mile and a half of our 
house. | 

I have been studying like a dog—no, dogs don’t study 
—I mean a learned pig—this winter, and I think my 
horizon has grown wider, and that when I come back 
I shall be worth more to my friends. I have learned 
the boundaries of my knowledge, and Zerra Incognita 


1856] TO W. J. STILLMAN 257 


does not take up so much space on my maps. In 
German, I have every reason to be satisfied with my 
progress—though I should have learned more of the 
colloquial language if I had had spirits enough to go 
into any society. But I have literally seen nobody 
but the inmates of our own household and my books. 
But already the foreboding of Italy fills me with new 
life and soul. I feel as if I had been living with 
no outlook on my south side, and as if a wall had 
been toppled over which darkened all my windows in 
that direction. Bodily and spiritually I have suffered 
here with the cold. But God be thanked, it will soon 
be over. 

My great solace (or distraction) has been the Theatre, 
which is here excellent. I not only got a lesson in Ger- 
man, but have learned much of the technology of the 
stage. For historical accuracy in costume and scenery 
I have never seen anything comparable. An artistic 
nicety and scrupulousness extends itself to the most 
inconsidered trifles in which so much of illusion con- 
sists, and which commonly are so bungled as to draw 
the attention instead of evading it by an absorption in 
the universal. 

If I had known that I was going to London, I should 
have been extremely pleased to make the acquaint- 
ance of Ruskin. But my journey thither was sudden 
and flighty, and I saw nobody except Hogarth, Turner, 
and Rembrandt. Hogarth’s “ Marriage 4 la Mode” and 
Rembrandt’s ‘“ Jacob’s Dream,” at Dulwich College, 
gave me invaluable suggestions. 

It will not be long now, I hope, before I see you at 


17 


258 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


Elmwood—for you must make me a visit as soon as I 
get warm in my Italy again. It is all Berg ab now, and 
I shall ere long feel the swing of our Atlantic once 
more. The very thought revives me. We sea-board 
fellows cannot live long without snuffing salt-water. 
Let me hear from you in Italy—tell me what you are 
painting, and all about yourself. As soon as I am my- 
self again I shall try to make my friendship of some 
worth to you, but always 
I am your affectionate friend, 
a RASS? Oe 


TO MRS. ESTES HOWE 
Naples, April 18, 1856. 

My dear Lois,—I have no particular reason for dating 
this letter as I have, except that'18th sounds as well as 
anything else, for I have no idea of the true day of the 
month. Since I have been in Italy I have cared noth- 
ing about calendars. I cannot tell you how much my 
journey has done for me—that and the being with 
friends. I am quite another man—the color has come 
back to my cheeks, and I seem to have had all my 
standing-rigging braced and tautened, like a ship after 
getting to sea. 

I ought long ago to have reported progress, but I ex- 
pected before now to have been back again in dreary 
Dresden, with nothing better to do than to tell what I 
was not doing. Ever since I have heard Italian spoken 
again my spirits have been on the rise, and with them 
my health has improved. 

I will just tell you where I have been. First Venice 


1856] TO MRS, ESTES HOWE 2 
59 


—then by rail to Verona—thence by rail to Mantova. 
There I hired a vettura to take me to Parma—thence 
by vettura to Bologna, through Rezzio and Modena, 
sleeping at Modena. From Bologna by vettura again 
to Ravenna, and thence to Florence. There I hired an- 
other to take me up at Siena (to which by rail), and 
take me on to Orvieto, through Chiusi. At Orvieto I 
found Norton, Page, and Field, who had come out to 
meet me, and who took me on to Rome. I contrived 
it so as to go over routes which I had missed before, 
and feel now as if I knew Central Italy tolerably well. 
While at Rome I went out again to Subiaco (which you 
remember I did before, and found the landlady at Pales- 
trina as droll as ever). To Naples I came with the Put- 
nams, who had a spare seat in their carriage, and wished 
Mabel had been there to see the jostigliont, of whom 
she used to be so fond, for we did the journey in smack- 
ing style, a part of the way at a rate of twelve miles the 
hour—horses at full gallop. Now I am going over for 
a few days to Sicily under very good auspices, for Mr. 
Black, who goes with us, has a letter to the Marquis 
of Castel Cicala, lieutenant governor of the island, who 
will perhaps make the roads plainer for us. 

I have reached such a pitch of Teutonic intelligence 
that I use a German guide-book altogether—so that I 
shall not quite forget all I have learned before I go 
back to Germany. The weather here is like a Medea’s 
bath, fit to make an old man young again. I never saw 
anything finer. Don’t quite forget me. I shall be back 
soon now, and incline very strongly to sail early in July. 
But that will depend a little on circumstances. Good- 


260 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


by, God keep you all. Give my love to everybody, and 
always believe me f 
Your loving brother, Pate 


We are just starting to climb Vesuvius. 


LOVE. NORTON 
Dresden, June 8, 1856. 

... I got back day before yesterday. . . . My jour- 
ney on the whole was a very pleasant one. . . . It was 
delightful to me to reverse the usual sensation and to 
pass from Southern into friendly and familiar Northern 
vegetation. How I exulted when I saw trees whose 
cousins grow in Massachusetts! And yet was there 
ever anything more lovely than the laburnums, whose 
pensive blossoms drooped from every crag around Lago 
Lugano, and whose shadows, etherealized and deep- 
ened, wavered in the smooth waters below like images 
in a poet’s mind, familiar and yet novel? I thought 
there never was anything so fine, but when I saw the firs 
and pines and mountain-ashes, I felt what a Northerner 
and homely soul I was, and that the South is, after all, 
only an exile to me.... 

I am taking as kindly as I can to German again, and 
mean to be at home, if I can, by the Ist August. I 
have not forgotten so much as I feared, nor do I know 
as much as I hoped, in German; but I am too old, and 
I wonder I learned so much when I think what a wretch- 
ed creature I was all last winter. Germany is full of 
birds and flowers now, and Italy has moved north, as 
she does every summer.... 

Always affectionately yours, 
THE Hospopar. 


1856] TO DR. ESTES HOWE 261 


TO DR. ESTES HOWE 
Dresden, June 9, 1856. 

My dear Doctor,— . . . I shall hardly expect to know 
my native Cambridge when I come back—what with rail- 
roads and water-works. But you can’t do much harm to 
the dear old sleepy town, and I am glad it is not a puffing 
and screaming railroad at any rate. Horses are a good 
old institution and at least can’t blow up. The water- 
works I have no manner of conception of. Whence 
is the water to come? Where is the reservoir to be? 
And will a pipe run through Elmwood lane and cut off 
all the roots of the ash-trees? Will there be any foun- 
tains? Will it be against the law to mix anything with 
the water? 

As for your politics over there, I am in despair. I 
cannot understand anything about them. They talk 
much of a war between America and England, but I 
hope no such horrible atrocity will come to pass. Kan- 
sas seems in a bad way, and the last thing I read was 
about the assault upon Sumner, which shocked me more 
than I can tell. There never was anything so brutal. 
How long are such things to be borne? And in the 
midst of it Massachusetts repeals the Personal Liberty 
Bill— eats ’umble-pie, and takes back the only thing 
worthy of herself she has done for years. As I read 
these things so far away, it seems as if I were reading 
the history of a republic in the last wretched convul- 
sion before absolute dissolution. Yet I believe that it 
will somehow be turned to good, and that out of this 
fermenting compost heap of all filthy materials a finer 


262 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


plant of Freedom is to grow. But when? How does 
Massachusetts take this slap in the face? ... 
Ever affectionately yours, 
oe: 


TO MISS NORTON 
Dresden, June 21, 1856. 


. . . Lam sadly disappointed that I shall not meet you 
in Miinchen, but it would be a long detour and I think 
you are wise. I held my word and did not go to Miin- 
chen—though I was within two hours of it—and only 
stopped a day at Niirnberg, of which I shall have some 
nice photographs to show you when you get home. I 
number it the third among picturesque cities, Venice 
and Briges being before it. I take it the test of a city’s 
picturesqueness is its not depending on its position—for 
in that case we must thank nature and not man. Where 
man without nature’s help, and perhaps to make up for 
the want of it, has made something which prevents that 
want from suggesting itself to us, he has achieved the 
picturesque. It is true, a sluggish river runs through the 
town—not runs, but sleeps through it—and such a dream 
as they have contrived to give him in his sleep in the 
gables and balconies and spires and weather-cocks photo- 
graphed on his muddy old brain—so fantastic, so mid- 
dle-agey (I begin to like middle-aged things; the barber 
told me I was getting gray, and proved it—I shall em- 
ploy another in future), so everything out of the ordinary 
current of his thoughts! Then the churches, and the 
carvings, and the painted glass, and the finest bronze I 
have seen except the doors in Florence, and the walls 


1856] TO MRS. ESTES HOWE 263 


with Albert Diirer’s towers, and such a cataract of ivy 
falling over them as was never seen! The difference be- 
tween Augsburg and Niirnberg is that between the ac- 
count of a dream at breakfast, where one is surrounded 
by prose, and the dream itself. I don’t believe the Ger- 
mans know how precious Ntirnberg is, because the 
people who lived there couldn’t write Voz before their 
names, although they produced more art (Diirer and 
Sachs) than all the rest of Germany put together, besides 
licking thoroughly the accumulated Vous of two neigh- 
boring dukedoms. The day I spent in Niirnberg I 
walked over the whole town and half round the walls 
on the outside, and pleased myself with thinking what 
a capital czcerone I should be when I saw it with 
you. Catch me studying up another town for such 
faithless persons! . . 


TO MRS. ESTES HOWE 


Dresden, July 2, 1856. 

... Tama great deal better than I was last winter. 
I have still some kind of trouble in the side, but I have 
got used to it, and it does not have such an intolerably 
depressing effect on my spirits as it did six months 
ago, when I was really half crazy. It was not my own 
fault, for I did everything I could and resisted to the 
utmost, but, for all that, I look back upon last winter 
as the most wretched of my life except one. So if my 
irritability cropped out in my letters at all, pray for- 
give it. I am all right now, and as sensible as a select- 
man, 


264 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


TO MISS NORTON 
Paris, July 12, 1856. 

... You do not speak of Titian’s ‘“‘Assumption”’ 
among your pictures. Don’t you admire it? If you 
don’t, you have not seen it. I did not till the last time 
I was there. I think it the most splendid piece of color 
in the world. And who ever saw such clouds on can- 
vas? Clouds that are not pretty like Correggio’s, nor 
puff-balls like Raphael’s, but the very vapor of morning 
Hippocrene conjured up by Apollo to make rainbows in 
for Phaéton when he was a baby, or for some goddess to 
hide in—water and light and air in musical proportion, 
and glowing as if the goddess were already hidden in it. 
The little angels, too! was there ever anything so lovely? 
Such endless variety in the attitudes, not one sprawling 
or awkward or making you feel uncomfortable for fear 
it should fall, but all floating as if it were as much their 
nature to float as bubbles. They mingle so charmingly 
with the cloud that you can fancy that if you wait you 
will see the whole of it transmuted into such heavenly 
butterflies by the touch of the Virgin’s feet. Do you 
remember Domenichino’s cherubs in the “ Communion 
of St. Jerome’? They look as if they had been tossed 
up there by a mad bull, and you pity the poor little red 
dears, who have evidently just been whipped by their 
unnatural mothers, and who (to judge by their expres- 
sion) are expecting another whipping when they tumble 
(as they instantly must) for having been naughty enough 
to be tossed at all. The painters find it commonly very 
hard to bring up these angelic children of theirs prop. 


1856] TO MISS NORTON 265 


erly, and they look mostly like chérubins terribles whom 
one wishes out of the way; but those of Titian are alto- 
gether delightful—little Cupids who have been baptized 
into the Church without losing a bit of their animal spir- 
its, and who would contrive to get bows and arrows to 
make mischief with if ever they got into a nunnery. 
And those two hundred pounds of solid Venetian wom- 
an—how irresistibly they go up! No danger of her 
slumping through the clouds to dislocate the neck of 
some poor apostle below, a consummation which one is 
apt to expect in compositions of the kind. Then the 
wonderful atmosphere—but 4asta/ Did you learn to 
love John Bellini? and Cima da Conegliano? And did 
you see the beautiful throned Madonna, with saints and 
angiolini below, by—I can’t recall his name, but it hangs 
to the left of the “Presentation”? ... 


IV 
1856-1865 


RETURN FROM EUROPE. -—— ENTERS UPON THE DUTIES OF HIS 
PROFESSORSHIP.—MARRIAGE TO MISS DUNLAP.—EDITORSHIP 
OF THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY.—NEW SERIES OF “THE BIG- 
LOW PAPERS.”—JOINT EDITORSHIP OF THE NORTH AMER: 
ICAN REVIEW.—THE “COMMEMORATION ODE.” 


LETTERS TO H. W. LONGFELLOW, MISS NORTON, C. E. NORTON, 
C. F. BRIGGS, S. H. GAY, W. J. STILLMAN, T. W. HIGGINSON, 
O. W. HOLMES, THOMAS HUGHES, NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE, 
ihe ee MOTLEY, W. D. HOWELLS, CHARLES NORDHOFF, J. T. 
FIELDS, MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW. 


IN the summer of 1856 Lowell returned from Europe, 
and in the autumn entered upon his regular duties as 
professor. Admirably accomplished as he was for their 
performance, and fitted, by sympathy with youthful stu- 
dents no less than by natural gifts and acquired learning, 
for the post of teacher, he nevertheless found its exac- 
tions irksome, and the demand which it made upon him 
such as to interfere more or less with the free exercise 
of his poetic faculty. His lectures during the twenty 
years which he held the professorship had a wide range 
through the fields of Modern Literature, and were such as 
college students have rarely had the good-fortune to hear. 

In the summer of 1857 the happiness of his life was 
renewed by his marriage to Miss Frances Dunlap. She 


1856] TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 267 


was a woman of remarkable gifts and graces of person 
and character, and from this time, for many years, their 
domestic life was of exceptional felicity. 

In the autumn of the same year he undertook the 
editorship of the Atlantic Monthly, a new venture, which 
under his guidance speedily took the leading place 
among American literary periodicals. He held the po- 
sition of editor for nearly four years, devoting much 
time to its duties. Shortly after resigning its editorship 
into the competent hands of Mr. James T. Fields he 
became joint editor with me of the North American 
Review, which, mainly through his contributions to its 
pages, regained its old distinction as an organ of the 
best contemporary thought in America. 

During the years of the Rebellion his writings were 
among the most powerful and effective expressions of the 
sentiment and opinions of the North. Once more Hosea 
Biglow uttered the voice of the people; and at the end 
of the war the “Commemoration Ode” gave expression 
in its nobly inspired strophes to the true heart of the 
nation. Few poets have ever rendered such service to 
their country as Lowell rendered in these years. 


TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 
Cambridge, Aug. 16, 1856. 
My dear Philoctetes,—I was not, I confess, half so 
sorry for your accident as I ought to have been, because 
it will give you to me as a neighbor for some time 
longer.* 


* Longfellow had been prevented by a lameness from an intend- 
ed voyage to Europe. 


268 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


I should have come down* to see you whether you 
had asked me or not, but it was particularly pleasant 
to find your welcome awaiting me here. I shall come 
Monday if possible. 

I am enjoying the academic delights from which you 
too early withdrew yourself—being pursued by the en- 
tire Teutonic, Swiss, Hungarian, Polish, and other emi- 
grations, who are all desirous (especially the last three) 
to teach the German tongue at Cambridge. I have done 
nothing since my return but read certificates in various 
unknown tongues and stand at bay, protecting myself 
with a cheval-de-frise of English. However, the choice 
is made to-day, and then I shall be quit of them—unless 
the rejected take to reviewing my poems. 

I saw a great deal of Appletonf in England, who was 
in uncommonly good health and spirits, and as full of 
good talk as ever. I bring a little package from him. 

How shall I address you? Do you submit still to 
the “Professor,” or do you find a fresher flavor in “ Es- 
quire’? I shall follow old use and wont, and call you 
as ever. 

Give my most cordial regards to Mrs. Longfellow, 
and believe me ever 

Affectionately yours, 
J. R. LoweEtu.f 

* To Nahant, on the sea-shore, where Longfellow was spending 
the summer. 

+ Longfellow’s brother-in-law, whom his narrowing circle of 
friends recall affectionately as Tom Appleton—a man with the 
temperament of genius, and all its social and many of its poetic 
pees wrote in his diary: “18 August. Lowell came 


down and passed the day, looking as if he had not been gone a 
week, It is very pleasant to have him back again.” 


1856] TO MISS NORTON 269 


TO MISS NORTON 
Cambridge, Sept. 9, 1856, 
Mabel’s Birthday. 

. . . You see that I no longer date my letters “ Elm- 
wood,” but simple “Cambridge.”’ After thirty-seven 
years spent in the ship-house, only hearing afar the tu- 
mults of the sea, I am launched at last, and have come 
to anchor in Professors’ Row.* Or am I rather a tree 
with my tap-root cut? Or a moss-gathering bowlder 
gripped up by that cold iceberg Necessity, and dropped 
here at the corner of Oxford Street? We never find 
out on how many insignificant points we have fastened 
the subtile threads of association—which is almost love 
with sanguine temperaments—till we are forced to break 
them; and perhaps, as we grow older, Fancy is more 
frugal of her web: spins it more for catching flies than 
from an overplus that justifies whim and wasteful- 
MeSoae st )': 

... 1 will envy you a little your delightful two months 
in England—and a picture rises before me of long slopes 
washed with a cool lustre of watery sunshine—a swan- 
silenced reach of sallow-fringed river—great humps of 
foliage contrasting taper spires—cathedral closes, gray 
Gothic fronts elbowed by red-brick deaneries— broad 
downs clouded with cumulous sheep—nay, even a misty, 
moisty morning in London, and the boy with the pots 
of porter, and the hansom cab just losing itself in the 
universal gray—even these sights I envy you. ... 

* On his return from Europe Lowell went to reside with his 


brother-in-law, Dr. Estes Howe, on Kirkland Street, known in 
the good old times as “ Professors’ Row.” 


270 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


I suppose you think you are having all the green to 
yourselves over there—but there never was a greater 
mistake. The fates have given us an exceptional August 
—so unlike the common ones that I don’t believe even 
the oysters found out what 7-less month it was—rain 
every other day, so that trees and grass are like June, 
while at the same time we have the ripeness of the 
middle-aged year instead of the girlishness of a season 
in its teens.... The hills that you see beyond Charles 
as you go towards Boston are superb, and then we have 
all the while those glorious skies of ours, with the clouds 
heaped up like white foam-bursts to set them off in full 
perfection. And the sunsets! Europe has lost the art 
of shining skies as of staining glass—or is it that our un- 
thrift New World squanders like a young heir just come 
into his estate, while grandam Europe is growing close- 
fisted? Is our Nature Venetian with her gorgeous 
color, or only Indian, painting herself savagely with the 
fiercest pigments? Iam delighted with your matriot- 
ism. ‘Rome, Venice, Cambridge!” I take it for an as- 
cending scale, Rome being the first step and Cambridge 
the glowing apex. But you wouldn’t know Cambridge 
—with its railroad and its water-works and its new 
houses. You remember our bit of Constantinopolitan- 
ism—the burnt-out shell of the school-house on the Com- 
mon? It is gone, and a double house stares like an 
opera-glass in its place. Think of a car passing our cor- 
ner at Elmwood every fifteen minutes! Think of the 
most extraordinary little ““Accommodation”’—an om- 
nibus that holds four, with an Irish driver whose pride 
in it is in the inverse ratio of its size—to carry one to 


1856] TO MISS NORTON 271 


the cars! Think of a reservoir behind Mr. Wells’s! 
And then think of Royal Morse and John Holmes and 
me in the midst of these phenomena! I seem to see 
our dear old village wriggling itself out of its chrysalis 
and balancing its green wings till the sun gives them 
color and firmness. Soon it will go fluttering with the 
rest over the painted garden of this fool’s paradise, try- 
ing to suck honey from flowers of French crape. For 
my part, I stick where I was, and don’t believe in any- 
thing new except butter. 

To-morrow (for there is a gap of a week in this letter) 
we are to inaugurate Greenough’s Franklin with a tre- 
mendous procession—which I look at solely from a Ma- 
belian point of view. Did I say solely? Well, let it 
stand. But I may just mention that the American Acad- 
emy comes in before the governor, and Charles perhaps 
can tell you who some of the fellows are. J/¢ zs thought 
that they will find carriages provided for them. That 
under these circumstances I should find composure to 
write to you is a curious biological (I believe that’s the 
word now) fact. There are to be two addresses and an 
oration. Only think how interesting! and we shall find 
out that Franklin was born in Boston, and invented be- 
ing struck with lightning and printing and the Frank- 
lin medal, and that he had to move to Philadelphia be- 
cause great men were so plenty in Boston that he had 
no chance, and that he revenged himself on his native 
town by saddling it with the Franklin stove, and that 
he discovered the almanac, and that a penny saved isa 
penny lost, or something of the kind. So we put him 
up a statue. J mean to invent something—in order to 


272 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


encourage sculptors. How to make butter from cocoa- 
nut milk, for example—or, by grafting the cocoanut with 
the breadfruit-tree, to make this last bear buttered muf- 
fins. Or, still better, if I could show folks how to find 
the penny they are to save. That has always been my 
difficulty. Or would it be enough to do as the modern 
poets, who invent the new by exaggerating the old, and 
be original by saying a dollar saved is a dollar lost—or 
we shall never feather our nests from the eagles we have 
letotivtivus iy 


TO C. E. NORTON 


Cambridge, Sept. 16, 1856. 

. .. | have just come in from a walk up the little lane 
that runs down behind the hill to Fresh Pond. It is one 
of the few spots left something like what it was when I 
was a boy, and I can pick hazelnuts from the same 
bushes which brought me and the chipmunks together 
thirty years ago. I really think it is bad for our moral 
nature here in America that so many of the links that 
bind us to our past are severed in one way or another, 
and am grateful for anything that renews in me that ca- 
pacity for mere delight which made my childhood the 
richest part of my life. It seems to me as if I had 
never seen nature again since those old days when the 
balancing of a yellow butterfly over a thistlebroom was 
spiritual food and lodging for a whole forenoon. This 
morning I have had it all over again. There were the 
same high-heaped shagbark-trees—the same rosebushes 
with their autumn corals on—the same curving golden- 
rods and wide-eyed asters—the same heavy-headed 


1856] TO C. E. NORTON 273 


goatsbeard—the same frank blue sky—the same cloud- 
shadows I used to race with—the same purple on the 
western hills—and, as I walked along, the great-grand- 
children of the same metallic devil’s-darning-needles slid 
sideways from the path and were back again as soon as 
I had passed. Nature has not budged an inch in all 
these years, and meanwhile over how many thistles have 
I hovered and thought I was—no matter what: it is 
splendid, as girls say, to dream backward so. One feels 
as if he were a poet, and one’s own Odyssey sings itself 
in one’s blood as he walks. I do not know why I write 
this to you so far away, except that as this world goes 
it is something to be able to say, “I have been happy 
for two hours.” I wanted to tell you, too, what glorious 
fall weather we are having, clear and champagney, the 
northwest wind crisping Fresh Pond to steel-blue, and 
curling the wet lily-pads over till they bloom in a sud- 
den flash of golden sunshine. How I do love the earth! 
I feel it thrill under my feet. I feel somehow as if it 
were conscious of my love, as if something passed into 
my dancing blood from it, and I get rid of that dreadful 
duty-feeling—“ what right have I to be?”—and not a 
golden-rod of them all soaks in the sunshine or feels the 
blue currents of the air eddy about him more thought- 
lessly than I. 

I wish I could reach you a cup of this wine over those 
briny leagues. I drink your health in it, and then the 
glass shatters as usual. ... 

. .. You ask about me. I have not begun to lecture 
yet, but am to deliver my old Lowell Institute Course 


first and then some on German Literature and Dante.... 
18 


274 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1856 


TOC. F. BRIGGS 
Cambridge, Sept. 18, 1856. 

My dear Friend,—No greeting could go to my heart 
straighter than yours, and yet I have let all these days 
slip by without returning it—not a day, though, without 
thinking of you and meanzng to write. 

I am back again and not back again—that is, I am 
in Cambridge, but not at Elmwood. ...I am at Dr. 
Howe's. .. . Cambridge is looking her best—the au- 
tumn rains keep us green as England. 

About Page. He is grown older in face and hair (or 
want of it, rather), but is the same beautiful enthusiast. 
Just now it is Swedenborg whom he insists on decant- 
ing for you all the time. Naturally I wanted to see 
Page and not Swedenborg, so it was rather a bore, be- 
cause I could not get ex rapport with him. He has 
painted a Venus which all the galleries in Europe would 
contend for if it were by Titian—but why a Venus? It 
is his everlasting luck or destiny or whatever it may be 
—his want of ¢aste I think we must call it. That seems 
to me his weak point. ... 

He is painting better than ever, but the artists say 
that he uses too much boiled oil, and that his pictures 
must grow black. Some I have already seen which had 
reached a mulatto stage, and were on their way to per- 
fect Uncle Toms, which, considering the prejudice of 
color, isa pity. He will prove to you that it can’t be so, 
but his pictures never get so good a light as from the 
effulgence of his personal presence. However, I hope 
the Venus will stand, and if she does, his monument is 


1856] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 275 


built beyond all time and chance. If he only had more 
taste! It is enough for his friends that Xe zs great. It 
is enough for him if he paint a thing just as he sees it— 
never mind how ungraceful or unpoetical. .. . 

We are going to elect Fremont, aren’t we? It will be 
the best thing that has happened in my time. We shall 
begin to be a nation at last, I hope, instead of a clique, 
as hitherto—and a clique of gamblers, too. The country 
seems like a great rouge-et-noir table, of which the Presi- 
dent is temporary banker... . 


TO SYDNEY H. GAY 
Cambridge, Dec. 21, 1856. 

My dear Sydney,—Your having edited a pirated edi- 
tion of the “ Biglow Papers” puts me in mind of what 
happened once to a classmate of mine. He owned a 
row of houses occupied by factory-operatives. In some 
election imbroglio or other the said tenants had voted 
against their landlord, whereupon some Irish friends of 
his went and smashed in all their windows (a sort of 
Irish bull in a china-shop), and he was obliged to reset 
them next day. But never mind, I sha’n’t lose much by 
it, and even if I should, I should be willing to pay some- 
thing for the amusement of seeing on the title-page that 
the book had been “alluded to by Mr. Bright in Parlia- 
ment.” Only think of it! it quite takes my breath 
away. But better yet, what foretaste of immortality 
like being edited with philological notes? It makes me 
feel as if the grass were growing over me. ... 

. . . Lam much obliged to you for wishing to see my 
verses oftener. One needs ¢zme and quiet to write good 


276 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1857 


verses—I have neither. Remember Wordsworth’s defi- 
nition of poetry—‘“ violent emotion re-collected in tran- 
quillity.”” However, let me ask you to read “ Italy, 1859,” 
in December Atlantic. My friends here like it. One of 
these days I mean to print another volume—perhaps 
two—one of verse and one of prose. But who knows? 
At present I am perfectly Grubstreet, but then I have 
the pleasure of earning every penny I spend, and that 
is next best to having a competence, which Billy Lee 
defined to be “a million a minute, and your expenses 
paid ’’—the only satisfactory definition I ever saw. 
Why did you not let me see you when you were here? 
It would have been a great pleasure to me. I don’t 
readily forget old friends, nor easily stop loving any- 
body I have ever loved. However, I have learned long 
ago not to expect more than three people to care for 
me at a time—maybe I’m extravagant in saying three. 


Good-by. Ever yours, 


J. Ree 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Cambridge, Jan. 30, 1857. 

...lam very glad to hear that you are translating the 
“Vita Nuova.” It is the best possible introduction to a 
transcendental understanding of the “Commedia.” What 
an extraordinary threefold nature that was of Dante’s! 
The more you study him the more sides you find, and 
yet the ray from him is always white light. I learn con- 
tinually to prize him more as man, poet, artist, moralist, 
and teacher. Without him there were no Italy. And 
the Italian commentators forever twitching at his sleeve 


1857] TO MISS NORTON a 


and trying to make him say he is of their way of think- 
ing! Of thezr way, indeed! One would think he might 
be free of them, at least, in Paradise. He becomes daily 
more clear and more mysterious tome. What aweba 
man can spin out of his life if a man be only a genius! 
Do you remember the fairy-tale of the princess shut up 
in the room full of straw by the cruel step-mother? She 
must spin it and weave it into cloth of gold before morn- 
ing, and because she zs the true princess it turns to duc- 
tile gold under her fingers, while it remains despairing 
straw to all the rest. Well, I suppose the true prince is 
he who has a good purpose and never falters from it.... 


TO MISS NORTON 
Brevoort House (New York), Feb. 9, 1857. 

... After all, I got here too late for my first lecture, 
which ¢iey thought was to be on Tuesday and / thought 
was to be on Thursday—a difference of opinion which 
resulted in an audience and no lecturer. I am to try 
again next Thursday. ... 

I said something about this city being like Paris—or 
rather wot like it. I have got the phrase I wanted now 
—it is plaster of Paris—a bad cast of a Bernini origi- 
Tialiicsmels 


TO C. E. NORTON (in Italy) 
Cambridge, March 21, 1857. 

. . . Of course you have heard of the Dred Scott de- 
cision. I think it will do good. It makes Slavery, as 
far as the Supreme Court can, national—so now the lists 
are open, and we shall soon find where the tougher lance- 


278 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1857 


shafts are grown—North or South. Don’t fail to read 
Justice Curtis’s opinion * if you see it; it does him great 
honor, and will rank hereafter among the classics of 
jurisprudence. ... 


TO W. J. STILLMAN 


Kirkland St., Cambridge, May 14, 1857. 

My dear Stillman,—Of course I wish you to come, 
only not yet—not till I have done with my lectures and 
can see you—not till the leaves are on the oaks and you 
can see them. 

I am glad you do not forget me, though I seem so 
memoryless and ungrateful. I shall be better one of 
these days, I hope. While my lectures are on my mind 
I am.not myself, and I seem to see all the poetry dry- 
ing out of me. I droop on my rocks and hear the 
surge of the living waters, but they will not reach me till 
some extraordinary high spring tide—and may be not 
then. eeu: 

The apple-trees are in blossom, but I have hardly had 
time to see them. Horse-chestnuts are in leaf, and lin- 
nets and robins sing. But there are not so many birds 
here as at Elmwood—not so many anywhere as there 
used to be, and I think the cares of life weigh on them 
so that they can’t sing. We have had only a day or two 
of warm weather yet. Spring seems like an ill-arranged 
scene at the theatre that hitches and won't slide for- 
ward, and we see winter through the gaps. Bring May 
with you when you come—remember that... . 


* In the Dred Scott case. 


1857] TO W. J. STILLMAN 279 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1857. 
My dear Stillman,—Thank you for your letters—es- 
pecially that from among the dear old Adirondacks. 
Though written in pencil, it did my heart more good 
than my eyes harm—only it made me homesick to be 
back again, 


“ A-chasing the wild-deer and following the vow.” 


Your last I ought to have answered a week ago, but 
when I stop payment of letters I do it altogether and, 
like a man of honor, allow no favored creditors. 

I should like the article very much. Make it about 
six or seven pages (print), and at the same time be as 
lively and as solid as you can. You may have full 
swing. This is like ordering so many pints of inspira- 
tion, eh ?—as if Castaly were bottled up like Congress- 
water and sent all over the country for sale! Well, never 
mind, but make it as good as you can. Instructive arti- 
cles should be sweetened as much as possible, for peo- 
ple don’t naturally like to learn anything, and prefer 
taking their information as much as they can in dis- 
guise. 

Why did you not write me the enthusiastic letter you 
say that you suppressed? I should have been delighted 
with it. For God’s sake, don’t let your enthusiasm go! 
It is your good genius. When we have once lost it, we 
would give all the barren rest of our lives to get back 
but a day of it. Your letter would have hit the white, 
too, for I am as happy as I can be and thank God con- 
tinually. I have known and honored my wife for years 


280 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1857 


—but I find some new good in her daily. So you may 
be as warm as you like in your congratulations. 
Did you accomplish much among the lakes? I long 
to see some results. 
God bless you! 
Affectionately yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 
TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1857. 
... I think you are a little hard on Ruskin—and it 
seems to me that he zs a good logician, but bad reasoner. 
Give him his premises and he is all right. Now, in Ats- 
thetics every man more or less assumes his premises and 
must do so—don’t you see?... 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Cambridge, Dec. 31, 1857. 
My dear Charles,—At last! Like a true lazzarone as 
I am I have been waiting for sunshine before I wrote— 
I mean, for one of those moods that would make a letter 
worth sending; and such a mood is not dependent on 
mere cheerfulness, but almost altogether on having noth- 
ing to do, so that one can have time to hatch one’s 
thoughts fairly out as one goes along. Pen and paper 
are never inspiring to me as conversation sometimes is, 
—and I was born to sit on a fence in the sun, and (if I 
had my own way) in those latter days of May, when the 
uneasy blue-bird shifts his freight of song from post to 
post, and the new green of spring is just passing from 
the miraculous into the familiar... . 
For a lazy man I have a great deal to do. A maga- 


1858] TO C. E. NORTON 281 


zine allows no vacations. What with manuscripts and — 
proofs and what not, it either takes up or breaks up all 
One's times)..20 

But even the magazine has its compensations. First, 
it has almost got me out of debt, and next, it compels 
me into morning walks to the printing-office. There is 
a little foot-path which leads along the river-bank, and it 
is lovely ; whether in clear, cold mornings, when the fine 
filaments of the bare trees on the horizon seem floating 
up like sea-masses in the ether sea, or when (as yester- 
day) a gray mist fills our Cambridge cup and gives a 
doubtful loom to its snowy brim of hills, while the silent 
gulls wheel over the rustling cakes of ice which the 
Charles is whirling seaward. So I get my bits of coun- 
try and can feel like a rustic still, but I miss the winter- 
birds I used to see at home. I continue to think the 
marshes lovely, and this winter they are covered with 
plump ricks, whereof some half-dozen standing on my 
own amphibious territory give me a feeling of owner- 
ship and dignity, albeit the hay does not belong to me. 
This only strengthens a faith I have long held, that we 
are only metaphysically and imaginatively rich as far as 
mere possession goes, and only actually so in what we 
give away.... 


TO THE SAME 
| Cambridge, June 13, 1858. 

. . . About Rossetti I have not yet made up my 
mind. There is infinite suggestion in his poem, as there 
is in a cloud whose meaning changes under your eye 
and eludes you forever, leaving a feeling that something 
beautiful has been meant. My notion of a true lyric is 


282 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1858 


that the meaning should float steadfast in the centre 
of every stanza, while the vapory emotions (protean in 
form as you will) float up to it and over it, and wreathe 
it with an opal halo which seems their own, but is truly 
its own work. The shades of emotion over, there floats 
the meaning, clear and sole and sharp-cut in its own lu- 
minous integrity. ... 


TO MISS NORTON 
, Cambridge, Aug. 30, 1858. 

. . . Since I got your Berkshire letter I have come into 
an inheritance—I have had my life insured for forty years 
—1I have been chained by one leg—I have suffered the 
torture of the Boot—I have said disrespectful things of 
my great-grandfather—I have received no sympathy, 
but have been-laughed at—I have laughed myself, some- 
times on the wrong side of my mouth—in short, I have 
had an attack of the—no, I won’t tell you what yet. 
I will prepare your mind. I will dignify it by poetic 
precedent. I may compare myself with Milton (in this 
respect). I may claim brotherhood with Gray and Wal- 
pole. In short, I have had the gout. I cannot escape 
the conclusion that I am a middle-aged man. I even 
fear that I shall have to wear a special shoe on my left 
foot. My verses will no longer be admired by young 
ladies of sixteen. On the other hand, I have been think- 
ing over the advantages. I find by the books that (if 
nothing happens) I shall live long. That it “relieves 
the system ’’—which seems to be true, for I have not 
been so well for a year. That in the course of time I 
shall be able to write my name and keep my milk-score 


1858] TO C. E. NORTON 283 


with my knuckles. That I shall always have an excuse 
for being as testy as I please. On the whole, I think the 
odds are in favor of podagra. The worst danger is that 
the eyes are liable to be painfully affected with zrztis— 
a comprehensive Greek term implying that the eye- 
wrong-is. But this is more than set off by the certainty 
that I shall never be subject to that t%-great-toe otio to 
which Nereus, according to Horace, doomed the winds. 
(Since making these two puns I have carefully fumi- 
gated the paper, so that you need not fear infection.) 
As soon as my father heard of my trouble he came to 
see me, bringing a cyclopedia of medicine (from which 
he has selected a variety of choice complaints for him- 
self), that my reading might be of an enlivening charac- 
ter. I do not find that there is any specific for the gout, 
but, on the szzzlza-stmilibus principle, I eat “ tomarters”’ 
daily. The disease derives its name (like mons a non 
movendo) from the patient’s inability to go out. The 
ordinary derivation from gutta is absurd—for not only 
is the German form Gzcht deduced from gehen, but the 
persons incident to the malady are precisely those who 
themselves (or their ancestors for them) have kept just 
this side of the gutter. I never heard that my great- 
grandfather died insolvent, but I am obliged to /vot 
some of his bills for port. I can’t help thinking that I 
shall be worse if I Sea any longer in this sue of 
thing—so I shall stop. . 


TO C. E. NORTON 
‘ Cambridge, Aug. 31, 1858. 
sinaverd ser Hed that the inmates of a house 


284 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1858 


should never be changed. When the first occupants go 
out it should be burned, and a stone set up with “sa- 
cred to the memory of @ HOME” on it. Suppose the 
body were eternal, and that when one spirit went out 
another took the lease. How frightful the strange ex- 
pression of the eyes would be! I fancy sometimes that 
the look in the eyes of a familiar house changes when 
aliens have come into it. For certainly a dwelling adapts 
itself to its occupants. The front-door of a hospitable 
man opens easily and looks broad, and you can read 
Welcome! on every step that leads to it. 

I stopped there and tried to put that into verse. I 
have only half succeeded, and I shall not give it to you. 
I shall copy it and thrust it into Jane’s letter *—which 
is otherwise sillybub that deserves to be whipped. 

I meant to talk to you about Buckle’s book. I have 
employed all the spare time of my gouty week in read- 
ing it through. Six hundred and seventy-two pages oc- 
tavo! And only the beginning of the Introduction after 
all! Have you read it? If not, do. As Ellery Chan- 
ning said of the Bible, “It is a book worthy to read.” I 
don’t think one can like it much or dislike it much, but 
one can learn something. It is a book of vast assump- 
tions—as where he dismisses the whole question of the 
influence of Race in two lines or so, with the dictum 
that there is no such thing as hereditary propensities. 
Of course that’s nonsense; but it has been useful to me 
to read a book written from a totally different point of 
view, for I was becoming quite a German in respect 


* Printed in Lowell’s Poems under the title of “The Dead 
House.” 


1858] TO C. E. NORTON 285 


of Race, and inclined to settle all questions by that easy 
formula, which is also as tempting as it is easy. I 
think Buckle’s book is going to exercise a vast influence 
on thought in this country, where we have a hundred 
hasty generalizers for one steady thinker. But if it do 
not lead to a stupid fatalism and a demand-and-supply 
doctrine for everything, it will do good. And I think 
that, properly understood and qualified, it would lead to 
no such results. It seems to me that the bane of our 
country is a profession of faith either with no basis of 
real belief, or with no proper examination of the grounds 
on which the creed is supposed to rest, and what I like 
about Buckle’s book especially is that there is no Luz- 
combe init—that his conclusions, whether right or wrong 
(and many of them seem to me to be wrong and even 
dangerous), are set forth fearlessly and without passion. 
Perhaps the reason why I like the book is that I dis- 
agree with itso much asI do. At any rate, it is a book 
to be read, for it will certainly influence opinion... . 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, Oct. 11, 1858. 

. . « My work for the last fortnight mz ha fatto magro 
in good earnest—the work and the worry of it. Phillips 
was so persuaded of the stand given to the Magazine by 
the Choate article that he has been at me ever since for 
another. So I have been writing a still longer one on 
Cushing. I think you will like it—though, on looking 
over the Choate article this morning, I am inclined to 
think that on the whole the better of the two. Better 
as a whole, I mean, for there are passages in this beyond 


286 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1858 


any in that, Ithink. These personal things are not such 
as I should choose to do, for they subject me to all 
manner of vituperation; but one must take what imme- 
diate texts the newspapers afford him, and I accepted 
the responsibility in accepting my post. Iam resolved 
that no motives of my own comfort or advantage shall 
influence me, but I hate the turmoil of such affairs, de- 
spise the notoriety they give one, and long for the day 
when I can be vacant to the muses and to my books for 
their own sakes. I cannot stand the worry of it much 
longer without a lieutenant. To have questions of style, 
grammar, and punctuation in other people’s articles to 
decide, while I want all my concentration for what I am 
writing myself—to have added to this personal appeals, 
from ill-mannered correspondents whose articles have 
been declined, to attend to—to sit at work sometimes 
fifteen hours a day, as I have done lately—makes me 
nervous, takes away my pluck, compels my neglecting 
my friends, and induces the old fits of the blues. How- 
ever, the worst is that it leads me to bore my friends 
when I do get at them. To be an editor is almost as 
bad as being President. So just take it for granted that 
Liam hipped... °-: 


TO MISS NORTON 
Cambridge, Oct. 23, 1858. 
...As for reputation, it is only a stage-crown at 
best, but it is more comfortable than the real one. 
Fame is really lovely and worth striving for—since it 
comes after death and others will enjoy it. I don’t 
think I care much for reputation; but nobody knows 


1858] TO T. W. HIGGINSON 287 


till he has tried it, and I have never been sorely tempt- 
ed that way. I should like to feel that my friends liked 
what I wrote and found some good in it—yes, more 
than that, I should like to have Mabel proud of being 
my daughter after I am gone. That would not need 
much, though; it is so easy to be proud. I can remem- 
ber when it would have pleased me to have been illus- 
trated even in Harper's Weekly. Now it has happened 
to me, and I found myself criticising the drawings as if 
they had no reference to anything of my own—an ad- 
vance in wisdom, perhaps—but in happiness? I guess 
not. If I had studied less than I have I should value 
reputation more, but I know so well how much has been 
done excellently, and how an excellent thing ought to 
be done, that I do not value anything I do too highly, 
and in the end nobody’s praise is good for anything 
but one’s own... . 


TO T. W. HIGGINSON 
Cambridge, Dec. 9, 1858. 

My dear Higginson,—I like your article* so much 
that it is already in press as leader of next number. 
You misunderstood me. I want no change except the 
insertion of a qualifying “ perhaps”’ where you speak of 
the natural equality of the sexes, and that as much on 
your own account as mine—because I think it not yet 
demonstrated. "ven in this, if you prefer it, have your 
own way. 

I only look upon my duty as a vicarious one for 


* “ Qught Women to Learn the Alphabet ?” 


288 ’ LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1858 


Phillips & Samson, that nothing may go in (before we 
are firm on our feet) that helps the “religious” press in 
their warfare on us. Presently we shall be even with 
them, and have a free magazine in its true sense. I 
never allow any personal notion of mine to interfere, 
except in cases of obvious obscurity, bad taste, or bad 
grammar. 

As for your own contributions, I may say to you as 
I always have to Mr. Underwood, that they are just 
to my liking—scholarly, picturesque, and, above all, 
earnest —I think the most (felling essays we have 
printed. 

I have had occasion to think gratefully of you within 
a few days in reading the little volume of Chapman you 
gave me, and which has been of great value to me in 
enabling me to se¢t/e a point in which I take issue with 
Mr. [Grant] White. You will'have proofs in a day or 
so. Vale. Inthe midst of devils of the press, hurriedly 


and heartily yours, 
A Pea Sed 


TO O. W. HOLMES 


Cambridge, Dec. 19, 1858. 

My dear Wendell,—Thank you ever so much for the 
“ Autocrat,’ who comes at last drest like a gentleman. 
The color of the paper is just that which knowers love 
to see in old lace. 

“Run out” indeed!—who has been suggesting the 
danger of that to you? I hope you will continue to run 
out in the style of the first “ Professor.” The compari- 
son of the bung and the straw is excellent and touched 


1859] TO C. E, NORTON 289 


a very tender spot in me, who was born between two 
cider-mills, and drew in much childish belly-ache from 
both, turned now by memory into something like the 
result that might follow nectar. 

You have been holding-in all this while—fossumus 
omnes, we all play the ’possum—and are now getting 
your second wind. I like the new Professor better 
than the old Autocrat. You have filled no ten pages 
so wholly to my liking as in the January number. I 
have just read it and am delighted with it. The “ Old 
Boston” is an inspiration. You have never been so 
wise and witty as in this last number. I hold up my 
left foot in token of my unanimity. 

The religious press (a true sour-cider press with belly- 
ache privileges attached) will be at you, but after smash- 
ing one of them you will be able to furnish yourself 
with a Samson’s weapon for the rest of the Philisterei. 


Good-by. 
Always affectionately yours, 


J. R. LoweE.u. 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Cambridge, 2d day of Holy Week, 
May, 1859. 

... I miss you lke thunder—ga va sans dire—especially 
in this George-Herbert’s-Sunday kind of weather, which 
is cool and calm and bright as can be thought. I fancy 
you listening to the bobolinks among the lush grass on 
the lawn. I heard them yesterday on my way to the 
printing-office for the first time this spring. That liquid 
tinkle of theirs is the true fountain of youth if one can 


19 


290 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1859 


only drink it with the right ears, and I always date the 
New Year from the day of my first draught. Messer 
Roberto di Lincoln, with his summer alb over his shoul- 
ders, is the true chorister for the bridals of earth and 
sky. There is no bird that seems to me so thoroughly 
happy as he, so void of all arritre pensée about getting 
a livelihood. The robin sings matins and vespers some- 
what conscientiously, it seems to me—makes a business 
of it and pipes as it were by the yard—but Bob squan- 
ders song like a poet, has no rain-song (as the robin has, 
who prophesies the coming wet that will tempt the 
worms out—with an eye to grub), and seems to have no 
other tune than, zhz est proposttum in taberné mort, 
with a long unpaid score chalked up against him behind 
the door. He never forebodes or remembers anything, 
won't sing in wet weather, but takes a thoughtless de- 
light in present sunshine. I am sure he leaves debts 
behind him when he comes up from Carolina in May. 
Well, you see I was happy yesterday on my way to 
Riverside. I indulged in my favorite pastime of sitting 
on a fence in the sunshine and basking. The landscape 
was perfect. . . . Sweet Auburn pink with new-leaved 
oaks, Corey’s Hill green in the hay-fields and brown with 
squares of freshly turned furrows (versus, the farmer’s 
poem), the orchards rosy with apple-blooms, the flower- 
ing grasses just darkening the meadows to set off the 
gold of the buttercups, here and there pale splashes of 
Houstonia dropt from the Galaxy, and the river all 
blue and gold. This is Cambridge, sir! What is New- 
port to this? But I am bobolinking instead of attend- 
ing to business. . 


1859] TO C. E, NORTON 291 


TO THE SAME 
Cambridge, June 24, 1859. 

. . . Since I wrote, I have been down the harbor with 
the pilots in the Frzend. We went first to Hull and 
telegraphed the boat, which was cruising on the inner 
station. They could not come in for us at once, because 
they were on the lookout for the English steamer, so we 
had a chance to investigate Hull a little. It is a pretty 
little village cuddled down among hills, the clay soil of 
which keeps them densely green. The fields are broad 
and wholly given to grazing of cattle and sheep, which 
dotted them thickly in the breezy sunshine. Down in 
the village we found a fine stalwart fellow in a barn 
shearing sheep. This was something new to me, and, 
going away, I thanked the man for having shown me 
something I had never seen before. He laughed and 
said, “If you'll take off them gloves o’ yourn, I'll give 
you a try at the practical part of it!’ By Jove! he was 
right. I never saw anything handsomer than those 
strong brown hands of his, on which the sinews were as 
tight as a drawn bow-string. I caught myself moraliz- 
ing as usual, and the upshot was, How much more ad- 
mirable is this tawny vigor—the fruit of downright toil 
—than the crop of early muscle that heads out under 
the glass of the gymnasium. I believe I really love 
rough human nature. I felt that there was nothing un- 
civil in his gibe at my kids—only a kind of jolly superi- 
ority; but I did not like to be taken for a city gent, so 
I told him that I was bred in the country as well as he. 
He laughed again and said, “ Wall, anyhow I’ve the ad- 
vantage of you, for you never see a sheep shore, and 


292 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1859 


I’ve bin to the opera and shore a sheep myself into the 
bargain.” He told me that there were two hundred 
sheep in Hull, and that in his father’s day there used 
to be eight hundred. The father, an old man of near 
eighty, stood looking on, pleased with his son’s wit, as 
brown as if the Hull fogs were walnut-juice. Then we 
dined at a little inn with a golden ball hung out for 
sign—a waif, I fancy, from some shipwrecked vessel. 
The landlady was Mrs. Vining, a very amusing little 
personage, who brought her little girl to me, as I sat on 
the veranda after dinner smoking my pipe, and made 
her repeat utterly unintelligible verses. She informed 
me that her husband was “in business in the city,” and 
that he was own cousin to Senator Sumner, their moth- 
ers having been sisters, “from Scitooit.’”” A very elabo- 
rate sampler in the parlor—repfesenting an obelisk on 
an island, with an expensive willow of silver thread 
overhanging it—recorded the virtues of Sumner’s mater- 
nal grandfather and grandmother. 
June 29. 

So far I had written on the 24th when something 
interrupted me. I can’t get hold of my thread again. 
But I met at Mrs. Vining’s a tall California Yankee, who 
told me he “shouldn’t mind Panahmy’s bein’ sunk, ollers 
purvidin’ they warn’t none of our folks onto it when it 
went down!” “Pandhmy” is Panama. Well, we went 
aboard the pilot-boat and cruised for vessels with a fine 
breeze. It came up to my notion of pleasure to be 
down the harbor with something to do and somebody 
else to do it for you. The next day I was up before 
sunrise, and got into a habit of early rising that lasted 


1859] TO C. E. NORTON 293 


me all that day. We boarded a bark and a brig before 
breakfast. Then we saw Minot’s Ledge lighthouse that 
isto be, went up to the top of Boston Light, saw the ma- 
chinery, also had the fog-bell set in motion—were treat- 
ed, in short, as if we had been Secretaries of the Treas- 
ury. Came home at night with a basket full of lobsters, 
the gift of Captain Dolliver, who is a noble fellow and 
weighs two hundred and ten pounds —all which he 
risked last winter to save a man from a wrecked ship. 
Does it not require more heroism to venture two hun- 
dred weight than a paltry one hundred and forty odd? 

Thank you for the Zzmes. It amuses me very much. 
First, because it is so preposterously Austrian—which 
is very well for you and me to keep us balanced—and 
second, because its editorials are so grandiloquently 
mouse-like and so luminously obscure. The debates are 
instructive. They don’t seem to go any more to first 
principles in England than here—though their speeches 
are in better English. Mr. Bright shows a commenda- 
ble familiarity with the Aodels of Elegant Composition— 
for what he quotes is from a note. But I fear he thinks 
me too much of a Quaker. In my “ Poems” there are 
some verses on “ Freedom,” written in’48 or’49—I think 
’49. They ended thus as originally written. I left the 
verses out only because I did not think them good—not 
because I did not like the sentiment. I have strength 
of mind enough not to change a word—though I see 
how much better I might make it. 


“ Therefore of Europe now I will not doubt, 
For the broad foreheads surely win the day, 
And brains, not crowns or soul-gelt armies, weigh 
In Fortune’s scales: such dust she brushes out. 


294 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1859 


Most gracious are the conquests of the Word, 
Gradual and silent as a flower’s increase, 

And the best guide from old to new is Peace— 
Yet, Freedom, thou canst sanctify the sword! 


“ Bravely to do whate’er the time demands, 
Whether with pen or sword, and not to flinch, 
This is the task that fits heroic hands; 
So are Truth’s boundaries widened inch by inch. 
I do not love the Peace which tyrants make; 
The calm she breeds let the sword’s lightning break ! 
It is the tyrants who have beaten out 
Ploughshares and pruning-hooks to spears and swords, 
And shall I pause and moralize and doubt? 
Whose veins run water let him mete his words! 
Each fetter sundered is the whole world’s gain! 
And rather than humanity remain 
A pearl beneath the feet of Austrian swine, 
Welcome to me whatever breaks a chain. 
That surely is of God, and all divine!” 


I think it must have been written in 1848, for I remem- 
ber that, as I first composed it, it had “fair Italy ”’ in- 
stead of “* Humanity?” . 2. 

Farewell. 


Always your loving 
MIPS Sas 


TO MISS NORTON 
Cambridge, Saturday. 
... Yesterday I began my lectures and came off 
better than I expected, for I am always a great cow- 
ard beforehand. I daze lecturing, for I have discovered 
(entre nous) that it is almost impossible to learn ad/ 
about anything, unless indeed it be some piece of ill- 


1859] TO THOMAS HUGHES 295 


luck, and then one has the help of one’s friends, you 
RnOW hs) 9. 


TO THOMAS HUGHES 
Cambridge, Mass., Sept. 13, 1859. 

My dear Sir,—I have put off from time to time writ- 
ing to you, because I hardly knew what to write. To say 
simply that I liked your writings would have been pleas- 
ant enough (though that would have given me no claim 
upon you that was not shared by all the world), but I 
find it particularly hard to write anything about a book 
of my own. It has been a particular satisfaction to me 
to hear, now and then, some friendly voice from the old 
mother-island say “ Well done,” of the ‘‘ Biglow Papers,” 
for, to say the truth, I like them myself, and when I was 
reading them over for a new edition, a year or two ago, 
could not help laughing. But then as I laughed IJ found 
myself asking, ‘Are these yours? How did you make 
them?” Friendly people say to me sometimes, “ Write 


999 


us more ‘Biglow Papers,” and I have even been simple 
enough to try, only to find that I could not. This has 
helped to persuade me that the book was a genuine 
growth and not a manufacture, and that, therefore, I had 
an honest right to be pleased without blushing if people 
liked it. But, then, this very fact makes it rather hard to 
write an introduction to it. All I can say is that the book 
was Zhar—how it came is more than I can tell. I cannot, 
like the great Goethe, deliberately imagine what would 
have been a proper Entstehungsweise for my book and 
then assume it as fact. And as for an historical preface, 
I find that quite as hard after now twelve years of more 


296 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1859 


cloistered interests and studies that have alienated me 
very much from. contemporary politics. I only know 
that I believed our war with Mexico (though we had as 
just ground for it as a strong nation ever has against a 
weak one) to be essentially a war of false pretences, and 
that it would result in widening the boundaries and so 
prolonging the life of slavery. Believing that it is the 
manifest destiny of the English race to occupy this 
whole continent and to display there that practical un- 
derstanding in matters of government and colonization 
which no other race has given such proof of possessing 
since the Romans, I hated to see a noble hope evapo- 
rated into a lying phrase to sweeten the foul breath of 
demagogues. Leaving the sin of it to God, I believed 
and still believe that slavery is the Achilles-heel of our 
polity; that it is a temporary and false supremacy of 
the white races, sure to destroy that supremacy at last, 
because an enslaved people always prove themselves of 
more enduring fibre than their enslavers, as not suffer- 
ing from the social vices sure to be engendered by op- 
pression in the governing class. Against these and many 
other things I thought all honest men should protest. I 
was born and bred in the country, and the dialect was 
homely to me. I tried my first “Biglow Paper” in a 
newspaper, and found that it had a great run. So I 
wrote the others from time to time during the year 
which followed, always very rapidly, and sometimes (as 
with “ What Mr. Robinson thinks’’) at one sitting. 
When I came to collect them and publish them in a 
volume, I conceived my parson-editor with his pedantry 
and verbosity, his amiable vanity and superiority to the 


1859] TO THOMAS HUGHES 297 


verses he was editing, as a fitting artistic background 
and foil. It gave me the chance, too, of glancing ob- 
liquely at many things which were beyond the horizon 
of my other characters. I was told afterwards that my 
Parson Wilbur was only Jedediah Cleishbotham over 
again, and I dare say it may be so; but I drew him from 
the life as well as I could, and for the authentic reasons 
I have mentioned. I confess that I am proud of the 
recognition the book has received in England, because 
it seems to prove that, despite its intense provincialism, 
there is a general truth to human nature in it which 
justifies its having been written. 

But life is too short to write about one’s self in, and 
you see that I cannot make a suitable preface. I would 
rather have something of this kind: “It could not but 
be gratifying to the writer of the ‘ Biglow Papers’ that 
Mr. Triibner should deem it worth his while to publish 
an edition of them in England. It gives him a particu- 
lar pleasure that the author of ‘Tom Brown’s School 
Days’ should have consented to see the work through 
the press, for the remarkable favor with which that work 
was received on both sides of the Atlantic proved that 
all speakers of the English tongue, however differing 
in other respects, agree wholly in their admiration for 
soundness of head and heart and manliness of charac- 
teria 

Now do not think this is ‘‘ Buncombe.” 

Just behind me is the portrait of some fine oaks 
painted for me by an artist friend of mine.* He wanted 


* Mr. W. J. Stillman. 


298 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1859 


a human figure as a standard of size, and so put me in 
as I lay in the shade reading. So long as the canvas 
lasts I shall lie there with the book in my hand, and 
the book is ‘‘Tom Brown.” A man cannot read a book 
out of doors that he does not love. Q.E.D. 

Allow me, then, to offer you a hearty grip of the hand 
over the water, and perhaps the fact that my only son 
lies under the daisies in Rome may justify me in offer- 
ing to you and Mrs. Hughes my sympathy in your late 
terrible sorrow. With all good wishes, I remain 

Sincerely yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


P.S. It occurs to me that you may like the facts of 
my biography. Born in 1819 at Cambridge, where I 
have lived ever since, with the exception of two visits to 
Europe. Read law-—never practised. Was chosen in 
55 to succeed Ticknor and Longfellow as professor of 
Modern Literature in Harvard College. 


TO T. W. HIGGINSON 
Cambridge, Oct. 24, 1859. 

My dear Higginson,—You prevent my wishes. I was 
going to ask you for something. Editorially, I am a lit- 
tle afraid of [John] Brown, and Ticknor* would be more 
so. But perhaps I misunderstand you. Anyhow, as 
long as I edit I want you to write. 

I don’t quite agree with you about the last number. 
I think “ Dog Talk” one of the cleverest articles I have 


* Messrs. Ticknor & Fields had now become the publishers of 
the Atlanizc Monthly. 


1860] TO THOMAS HUGHES 299 


printed—just on an easy, gentleman-like level that fit- 
ted the topic. It was written, I believe, by an officer in 
the English army—the same who wrote “ The Perilous 
Bivouac”’ and “The Walker of the Snow.” I liked 
them all. But heavens! could you look into my draw- 
ers! Idothe best I can. As to my notice of Bartlett *— 
it would have been better had I ever kept notes of Yan- 
keeisms. Groping for them in one’s memory won't do, 
and I wrote with the printer’s devil waiting in my 
best easy-chair and reading my newspaper before I had 
looked at it—perhaps the best Americanism of the lot. 
Always truly yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO THOMAS HUGHES 
Cambridge, St. Shakespeare’s Day, 1860. 

My dear Sir,—It is ever so long that I ought to have 
written to you, but I look upon letters to men I value as 
in some sort sacred things, and would not (as we do with 
sacred things in general) fob them off with the fag ends 
of our time and mind. You have been too busy to know 
whether I wrote or not, and the only fear I had was that 
I might seem ungrateful. I think good gratitude a 
scarcer thing in this world than good verses, and wish in 
the heartiest way to express mine to you. I cannot help 
feeling that you were too friendly, but that is a fault one 
would be a churl to grumble at. Iwas a little startled 
to read my name in the list of the great satirists, and 
don’t feel quite sure how they will take it. I hardly dare 


* Bartlett’s “ Dictionary of Americanisms,” 


300 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1860 


hope for that salutevol cenno with which the sacred pro- 
cession of shadowy poets turned towards Dante. But I 
do take an honest pride and satisfaction in the praise of 
such as you. It is twenty years since I published my 
first volume, and during all that time I have dwelt ina 
sort of limbo—this side of downright damnation, it is 
true, but almost as far from unqualified success. When 
I received the copy of the “ Biglow Papers,” with your 
introduction, I was deeply touched, and ran to show it 
to my wife, who was as pleased as I. I am too much 
gratified to allow it to be “exploited” as an advertise- 
ment, and have only allowed my intimate friends even 
to see it, for I will not have your kindness trailed through 
the mire of the newspapers. 

You are quite right in thinking that I am none of the 
“peace at any price” men. I believe that Shakespeare 
has expressed the true philosophy of war in those mag- 
nificent verses in “The Two Noble Kinsmen,” which 
are as unlike Beaumont and Fletcher as Michael Angelo’s 
charcoal head on the wall of the Farnesina is unlike Ra- 
phael: 

“OQ great corrector of enormous times, 
Shaker of o’er-rank states, thou grand decider 
Of dusty and old titles, that heal’st with blood 


The earth when she is sick, and curest the world 
©’ th’ pleurisy of people!” 


And if the bold Duval who now rules France (holding it 
virtue, when he steals a hundred pounds from the rich, 
if he give sixpence to the poor) should try to filch that 
“‘ precious gem set in a silver sea,” no one will exult more 
than I when the men whose bones were made in Eng- 


1860] TO THOMAS HUGHES 301 


land teach him a severer lesson than his uncle learned on 
sea and land a half-century ago. Though you English 
(most of you) insist on misunderstanding us Yankees, 
you must not think that we forget what blood runs in 
our veins. 

I am greatly indebted to you for your kindness to 
Stillman. Don’t be afraid that I am going to over- 
whelm you with letters of introduction. That is the 
first I ever gave to any one on your side the water, 
and I gave that because I thought you would be inter- 
ested in the bearer. He can tell you all about our 
woods and hunters, and even among woodsmen is a 
great shot with the rifle. He is of good Puritan stock, 
and will interest you as a fair type of what the English 
race has become over here in two centuries of orphanage. 

I am going to ask another kindness of you. A friend 
of mine* comes to England with commissions to draw 
some heads for some of us here. He is to draw Kos- 
suth, Carlyle, Owen, Tennyson, and one other (whom I 
forget). Stillman will tell you that he is a masterly 
draughtsman. I hope you will consent to give so much 
of your time and patience as to let him draw you for me. 
If you do, I will ask you to write your name on the 
drawing. It will be in my study as long as I live, and 
then will go to our College here with some other por- 
traits have. I feel as if I had a right to send my kind- 
est greetings to Mrs. Hughes, though I have never seen 
her. Stillman has written to me of her friendly atten- 
tion to him. Let me hope you will do me the favor to 


* Mr. S. W. Rowse. The commissions were never executed. 


302 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1860 


sit for me, and be sure that I am always warmly and 


faithfully yours, J. R. Lowe. 


Stillman says that Mrs. Hughes likes my verses, so I 
enclose two pieces she has never seen. 


TO MISS NORTON 


Cambridge, June 12, 1860, 

.. . I have seen Hawthorne twice, and he was grati- 
fied, he told me, with my little notice of “The Marble 
Faun,” and thought it came nearer the kernel than any 
of them. And I was gratified, too. He told me that 
his characters always had their own way with him; that 
they were foredoomed from the first, and that he was 
only their historian. He is writing another story. He 
said also that it had been part of his plan in “The 
Scarlet Letter’? to make Dimmesdale confess himself 
to a Catholic priest. I, for one, am sorry he didn’t. 
It would have been psychologically admirable. He 
looks no older than when I saw him last, eight years 
ago, wears a moustache, and is easier in society than for- 
merly. 

But this is not what I meant to write about. I “took 
pen in hand” (and a horrible pen, too) meaning to tell 
you all about ex-President Franklin Pierce. Make a 
courtesy, if you please. Ticknor & Fields gave a dinner, 
and ex-P. F. P. was there as a friend of Hawthorne. 
Anything funnier I never saw, or more out of place. 
(Stokes* has just come in with his foot bleeding, and 


* His dog. 


1860] TO C. E. NORTON 303 


oh, Jerzsalem! how my head aches!) He is used to 
public speaking, and so he public-speaks in a ¢éte-a-té¢e, 
doing the appropriate gestures and all. He placed him- 
self, after a while, by me, told me “ how long, sir, he had 
looked forward, sir,” etc. At last, leaning confidentially 
towards me, he said, “ Sir, I glory in your fame! I am 
proud of every man, sir, who does honor to me country!” 
I looked him straight in the face with the gravity of a 
Sphinx to whom a traveller should say, “ Sir-Madam, I 
glory in the perfect unfrivolity of your sienite nature!” 
As an intimate female friend of mine says, it was foo 
funny. I never saw the real Elijah Pogram before. But 
he seemed a good-natured kind of man, and told mea 
good story of Hawthorne. When Pierce had been nom- 
inated for the Presidency, Hawthorne came to see him, 
sat down by him on a sofa, and after a melancholy si- 
lence, heaving a deep sigh, said, “ Frank, what a pity !” 
Then after a pause, “ But, after all, this world was not 
meant to be happy in—only to succeed in!” 

I am at my wit’s, paper’s, and daylight’s end, and am, 


as always, 
eae {Res 


TO CoE. NORTON 
Cambridge, July 12, 1860. 
My dear Charles,—The pen I write with emblemizes 
me. I am worn to a stump—I am muddy and cloggy 
with the work I have had to do—the feather part of me 
(curtailed at its best estate) has been torn, nibbled, and 
otherwise rendered as little suggestive of flight as possi- 
ble—moreover, I am partly a goose. I have been writ- 


304 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1860 


ing a notice of “ Wedgwood’s Dictionary!’ You know 
my unfortunate weakness for doing things not quite su- 
perficially. SolIhave been a week about it—press wait- 
ing—devil at my elbow (I mean the printer’s)—every 
dictionary and vocabulary I own gradually gathering in 
a semicircle-round my chair—and three of the days of 
twelve solid hours each. And with what result? At 
most six pages, which not six men will care anything 
about. And now it is done I feel as if I had taken hold 
of the book the wrong way, and that I should have de- 
voted myself to his theory more and to particulars less; 
or, rather, that I ought to have had more space. But I 
had a gap to fill up—just somuch and no more. There 
is one passage in it that I wager will make all of you 
laugh, and heavens! what fun I could have made of the 
book if I had been unscrupulous! But I soon learned 
to respect Wedgwood’s attainments, and resisted all 
temptation. 

It is an awful thing to write against Time, my dear 
boy, and Time always is even with us in the end, for he 
never lets what is written against him last very long or 
PONETY Mal eae. 

.. . Lhe older I grow the less I know—and I am only 
just beginning to be a student. Had I ever kept note- 
books, I might have known something—what people 
call knowing —in a multitudinous higgledy-piggledy 
kind of way. But method and arrangement are true 
knowledge; the other is merely learning—good for lit- 
tle but show. I have only just got the key—not even 
that, but only an impression of it in wax; and if I don’t 
dig gold enough (for no other metal serves) to cast it 


1860] TO NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE 305 


before long, why, the mould loses its sharpness of edges 
andso...! Ah, if I had twenty years sure!... 


TO W. D. HOWELLS 
Cambridge, Monday, Aug., 1860. 

My dear young Friend,—Here is a note to Mr. Haw- 
thorne, which you can use if you have occasion. 

Don’t print too much and too soon; don’t get mar- 
ried in a hurry; read what will make you /fhzzk, not 
dream, hold yourself dear, and more power to your 
elbow! God bless you! 

Cordially yours, 
J. R. Lowe tt. 


A man may have ever so much in him, but ever so 
much depends on how he gets it out. 
Finis, quoad Biglow. 


TO NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE 
Cambridge, Aug. 5, 1860. 

My dear Hawthorne,—I have no masonic claim upon 
you except community of tobacco, and the young man 
who brings this does not smoke. 

But he wants to look at you, which will do you no 
harm, and him a great deal of good. 

His name is Howells, and he is a fine young fellow, 
and has written several poems in the Azlantic, which of 
course you have never read, because you don’t do such 
things yourself, and are old enough to know better. 

When I think how much you might have profited by 
the perusal of certain verses of somebody who shall be 


20 


306 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1860 


nameless— but, no matter! If my judgment is good 
for anything, this youth has more in him than any of 
our younger fellows in the way of rhyme. 
Of course he can’t hope to rival the Consule Planco 
men. ‘Therefore let him look at you, and charge it 
To yours always, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO W. D. HOWELLS 
Cambridge, Dec. 1, 1860. 

My dear Sir,—I am glad the papers have had taste 
enough to find out the goodness of “ The Pilot’s Story.” * 
Goethe tells us to ask the boys and the blackbirds which 
are the ripest cherries, but the public seems seldom to 
have much either of boy or blackbird in it, and newspa- 
per editors still seldomer; but F sha’n’t think the worse 
of your poem because they like it, for I liked it myself. 
More than that, I thought it a really fine poem. Ac- 
cordingly, I am glad to hear that you are to send us an- 
other; glad also that you are making yourself scarce. 
That is not only wise, but worldly-wise, too. The Sibyl 
knew what she was about, and I, for one, don’t believe 
that the suppressed verses would have added to the sly 
jade’s reputation. 

I couldn’t notice the ‘‘ Poets and Poetry of the West” 
in the way you would have wished, so I thought it best 
not to wet my pen. To be perfectly honest, your own 
was wellnigh the only poetry I found in it, and the 
amount of rhyme-and-water was prodigious. It goes 
against my grain to cut up anything, unless there be 


* Printed in the Atlantic Monthly. 


1860] TO CHARLES NORDHOFF 307 


some duty involved or some good to be done by it. I 
have given the book to the College Library, where it will 
sleep well with plenty of its peers. It gave me great 
pleasure to make your acquaintance, and to find you a 
man of sense as well as genius—a rare thing, especially 
in one so young. Keep fast hold of the one, for it is 
the clue that will bring you to the door that will open 
only to the magic password of the other. I shall not 
forget Mr. Piatt. 
Your poem will be welcome when it arrives. 
Very cordially yours, 
J. R. LowELL. 


TO CHARLES NORDHOFF 
Cambridge, Dec. 31, 1860. 

My dear Sir,—I owe you a great many thanks for 
your letters, both for their personal kindness towards 
myself and for the trouble you have taken in sending 
the Yankeeisms—nearly all of which were new to me, 
and whose salt-sea flavor has its own peculiar fang in 
it. I have now to thank you also for your pamphlet, 
so timely and spirited, and which I read with great sat- 
isfaction on its own account, and more for the sake of 
the author. 

I do not well know what to make of the present post- 
ure of affairs—whether to believe that we have not suc- 
ceeded in replacing the old feeling of loyalty with the 
better one of Public Spirit, and whether this failure be 
due to our federal system—whose excellence as a drag 
on centralization in the general government is balanced 
by its evil of disintegration, giving as it does to the citi- 


308 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1860 


zens of each State separate interests and what the Ital- 
ians call belfry patriotism ; or whether it be due to the 
utter demoralization of the Democratic party, which has 
so long been content to barter principle for office; or 
whether to the want of political training and foresight, 
owing to our happy-go-lucky style of getting along 
hitherto. All this puzzles me, I confess. But one thing 
seems to me clear—that we have been running long 
enough by dead-reckoning, and that it is time to take 
the height of the sun of righteousness. 

Is it the effect of democracy to make all our public 
men cowards? An ounce of pluck just now were worth 
a king’s ransom. There is one comfort, though a shab- 
by one, in the feeling that matters will come to sucha 
pass that courage will be forced upon us, and that when 
there is no hope left we shall learn a little self-confi- 
dence from despair. That in such a crisis the fate of 
the country should be in the hands of a sneak! If the 
Republicans stand firm we shall be saved, even at the 
cost of disunion. If they yield, it is all up with us and 
with the experiment of democracy. 

As for new “ Biglow Papers,” God knows how I should 
like to write them, if they would only make me as they 
did before. But I am so occupied and bothered that 
I have no time to brood, which with me is as needful 
a preliminary to hatching anything as with a clucking 
hen. However, I am going to try my hand, and see 
what will come of it. But what we want is an hour of 
Old Hickory, or Old Rough and Ready—some man who 
would take command and crystallize this chaos into or- 
der, as it is all ready to do round the slenderest thread 


1860] TO CHARLES NORDHOFF 309 


of honest purpose and unselfish courage in any man who 
is in the right place. They advise us to be magnani- 
mous, as if giving up what does not belong to us were 
magnanimity—to be generous, as if there were generos- 
ity in giving up a trust reposed in us by Providence. 
God bless Major Anderson for setting us a good ex- 
ample! 

I hear one piece of good news. Our governor, in his 
speech to the General Court, is going to recommend that 
the State be instantly put on a war footing—so that, 
in case there should be need to order out the militia at 
the call of the general government, they may be ready 
to march at a moment’s notice. If we can only get 
one or two Free States to show that they are in earnest, 
it will do a world of good. 

If you should see a “ Biglow Paper” before long, try 
to like it for auld lang syne’s sake. I must run over to 
hear my classes, so good-by and a Happy New Year 


from your 
Cordial friend, 
J. R. LowE Lt. 


P. S. 1862. I think the letter rather curious than 
otherwise now—we have got on so. 


[The foregoing letter was not sent, as appears from 
the following note, until more than a year had passed 
after its writing. 


Elmwood, Feb. 17, 1862. 
My dear Sir,—Hunting over my desk yesterday for 
some letters of Clough’s, I found the enclosed to you. 
I cannot make out how it missed going to you then, but 


310 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1861 


I would rather seem anything than ungrateful, and I 
send it now that my thanks for your kindness may be 
antedated (or vetrodated rather) more than a year. 
I expect to be in New York for a day or two—ar- 
riving Tuesday. I shall be at the “ Albemarle.” 
Ever truly yours, 
J. R. Lowe t.] 


TO C. F. BRIGGS 


Elmwood, March 11, 1861. 
My dear old Friend,—You see by my date that I am 
back again in the place I love best. I am sitting in my 
old garret, at my old desk, smoking my old pipe, and 
loving my old friends. I begin already to feel more like 
my old self than I have these ten years... . I hope I 
shall find my old inspiration on tap here. It would not 
bear bottling and transportation. . 
Our friendship came of age this year, did you know 
it? I am forty-two and z¢ is twenty-one. 
Affectionately yours as always, 
aN 


TO JAMES T. FIELDS 


Elmwood, May 23, 1861. 

My dear Fields,—I wish you all joy of your worm. 
You will find it no bad apprenticeship or prelude for 
that warmer and more congenial world to which all 
successful booksellers are believed by devout authors to 
go. I was going to say I was glad to be rid of my old 
man of the sea. But I don’t believe Iam. I doubt if 
we see the finger of Providence so readily in the stop- 


1861] TO JAMES T. FIELDS Zit 


page of a salary as in its beginning or increment. A 
bore, moreover, that is periodical gets a friendly face at 
last and we miss it on the whole. Even the gout men 
don’t like to have stop foo suddenly, lest it may have 
struck to the stomach. 

Well, good-by, delusive royalty! I abdicate with 
what grace I may. I lay aside my paper crown and 
feather sceptre. I have been at least no Bourbon—if I 
have not learned much, I have forgotten a great deal. 

Whatever I can do for the Atlantic Monthly I shall 
be glad to do. How much I can write I don’t know, 
and it is not of much consequence. My head is not so 
strong as it used to be, and I want to rest. But I would 
rather write on these terms—to be paid at the end of 
the year if matters prosper with you; if not, to say no 
more about it. I think Ticknor & Fields deserve some 
gratitude from authors—at least I for one acknowledge 
my debt in that kind and would like to pay it. You 
have treated me well in every way, and I am not too 
proud to say I am grateful for it. 

I wish to say in black and white that I am perfectly 
satisfied with the arrangements you have made. You 
will be surprised before long to find how easily you get 
on without me, and wonder that you ever thought me 
a necessity. It is amazing how quickly the waters close 
overone. He carries down with him the memory of his 
splash and struggle, and fancies it is still going on when 
the last bubble even has burst long ago. Good - by. 
Nature is equable. I have lost the AZzlantic, but my 
cow has calved as if nothing had happened. 


Cordially yours, 
eral 


312 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1861 


TO C. E. NORTON. 
Elmwood, Aug. 7, 1861. 

... 1 have been reading with the greatest delight Da- 
sent’s ‘‘ Njal’s Saga,” and if you haven’t it, will bring it 
down with me. The introduction strikes me as rather 
higgledy-piggledy, but the translation is excellent—sim- 
ple and strong. It has revived my old desire to write 
the story of Leif’s Voyage to Vinland, and I shouldn’t 
wonder if something came of it. Ideal border-ruffians 
those old Icelanders seem to have been—such hacking 
and hewing and killing, and such respect for all the 
forms of law! The book lets you into their life public 
and private. I could not leave the book till I had read 
every word of it. JI am now reading “Great Expecta- 
tions” and like it much. The characters, though, seem 
to me unreal somehow. Dickens appears to make his 
characters as the Chinese do those distorted wooden im- 
ages. He picks out the crookedest and knottiest roots 
of temperament or accidental distortion and then cuts a 
figure to match. But this book is full of fine touches 
of nature, though I can’t help dreading something melo- 
dramatic o,comercg. i. 


TO MISS NORTON! 
Elmwood, Aug. 12, 1861. 

. . . Two important events have taken place lately, 
which I shall mention in the order of their respective 
greatness. Ist. The Agricultural Festival; 2d. The 
election of Mayor. And now of the Cerealia. (Don’t 
confound this with Serialia and suppose I have taken 


1861] TO MISS NORTON 213 


up the A¢/antic again.) You must know then that Cam- 
bridge boasts of two distinguished farmers—Mr. John 
Holmes, of Holmes Place, and him who would be, in a 
properly constituted order of things, the Marquess of 
Thompson Lot with a p. The marquess, fearing that 
(since Squire Holmes cultivated his own estate with his 
own hands and a camp-stool) his rival might be in want 
of food and too proud to confess it, generously resolved 
to give him a dinner, which, to save his feelings, he 
adroitly veiled with the pretence of an Agricultural Fes- 
tival and Show of Vegetables. Dr. Howe and Mr. Sto- 
rey were the other guests, “ when” (as the “ Annual Reg- 
ister’’ would say) the following vegetables were served 
up with every refinement of the culinary art. 1° Egg- 
plants; 2° Squash; 3° Beets; 4° Carrots: 5° Potatoes; 
G hlomatoes:.7 «lurnips; 87 Beans; 9° Corn 310° Cu-': 
cumbers (and not exhibited, partly out of modesty and 
partly for want of suitable dishes, but alluded to mod- 
estly from time to time), 11° Cabbages, 12° Salsify. Of 
fruits there was a variety also from the estate, consisting 
chiefly of 1° Raspberries and 2° Blackberries. Cider, 
also from the estate, was kept back out of tenderness to 
the guests, and because there was home-made vinegar in 
the casters. ‘After the cloth was removed”’ the chair- 
man rose, and with suitable solemnity gave the first reg- 
ular toast—‘‘ Speed the Plough.” This was acknowl- 
edged by Mr. Holmes in a neat speech. He said that 
‘he felt himself completely sguashed by the abundance 
before him. That, as there was nothing wanting, so 
nothing could be marked with a caret A. That Micaw- 
ber himself would have been pleased with the ¢urnups, 


314 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1861 


than which who nose anything more charmingly 7e- 
troussé? That he could say with the great Julius, Venz, 
vial, vict, I came and saw a beet. That he could but 
stammer his astonishment at a board so cu-cumbered 
with delicacies. That he envied the potatoes their eyes 
to look on such treasures. That the Tom-martyrs were 
worthy the best ages of the Church, and fit successors of 
St. Thomas. That with such covz who would not be a 
toemartyr? That he hoped no one would criticise his 
remarks in a punkintilious spirit.’ This, as you will im- 
agine, is quite an inadequate report of the remarks he 
might have made. The dinner went off with great good 
humor and we had cards in the evening... . 
Your affectionate 
THompPson Lot. 
TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, the day before you wrote 
your last letter; viz., Sept. 28, 1861. 

My dear Sibyl,—Will you kindly tell me what has 
happened next week, so that I may be saved from this 
daily debauch of newspapers? How many “heroic Mul- 


’ 


ligans”” who “ seurent et ne se rendent pas” to the re- 
porters, with the privilege of living and surrendering to 
the enemy? How many “terrific conflicts” near Cheat 
Mountain (ominous name), with one wounded on our 
side, and enemy’s loss supposed to be heavy? How 
many times we are to save Kentucky and lose our self- 
respect? How many times the Potomac is to be “ her- 
metically sealed”? How often Mr. Seward is to put 
newspaper correspondents on the level of Secretaries of 


State? etc.,etc. IJ ask all these questions because your 


1861] TO MISS NORTON 315 


so-welcome letter, which I received on Wednesday the 
25th, was dated to-morrow the 29th. There is something 
very impressive to the imagination in a letter from the 
future, and to be even a day in advance of the age is a 
good deal—how much more five or six! How does it 
seem to come back? Is not everything weary and stale? 
Or do you live all the time in a balloon, thus seeing over 
the lines of Time, the old enemy of us all? Pray tell me 
how much foolisher I shall be this day twelve-month. 
Well, at any rate, you can’t see far enough to find the 
day when your friendship shall not be one of my dear- 
est possessions. ... 

Has it begun to be cold with you? I had a little 
Italian bluster of brushwood fire yesterday morning, but 
the times are too hard with me to allow of such an 
extravagance except on the brink of gelation. The hor- 
ror of my tax-bill has so infected my imagination that 
I see myself and all my friends begging entrance to the 
P.H. (From delicacy I use initials.) I fancy all of you 
gathering fuel on the Newport beaches. I hope you 
will have lots of wrecks—Southern privateers, of course. 
Don’t ever overload yourself. I can’t bear to think of 
you looking like the poor women I met in the Pineta at 
Ravenna just at dusk, having the air of moving druidical 
altars or sudden toadstools. 

Our trees are beginning to turn—the maples are all 
ablaze, and even in our ashes live their wonted fires. The 
Virginia creeper that I planted against the old horse- 
chestnut stump trickles down in blood as if its support 
were one of Dante’s living wood. The haze has begun, 
and the lovely mornings when one blesses the sun. I 


316 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1861 


confess our summer weather too often puts one in mind 
of Smithfield and the Book of Martyrs. 

I have had an adventure. I have dined with a prince. 
After changing my mind twenty times, I at last sat 
down desperately and “had the honor to accept.” And 
I was glad of it—for H.I. H.’s resemblance to his uncle 
is something wonderful. I had always supposed the 
portraits of the elder Nap imperialized, but Jerome N. 
looks as if he had sat for that picture where the em- 
peror lies reading on a sofa—you remember it. A trifle 
weaker about the mouth, suggesting loss of teeth; but it 
is not so, for his teeth are exquisite. He looks as you 
would fancy his uncle if he were Empereur de Ste. Hélene, 
rot a’Yvetét. Isat next to Colonel Ragon, who led the 
forlorn hope at the taking of the Malakoff and was at 
the siege of Rome. He was a very pleasant fellow. (I 
don’t feel quite sure of my English yet—J’ai tant parlé 
Frangais que je trouve beaucoup de difficulté a m’y dés- 
habituer.) Pendant—I mean during—the dinner Ooen- 
del Homes récitait des vers vraiment jolis. I] arrivait 
déja au bout, quand M. Ragon, se tournant vers moi d’un 
air mélé d’intelligence et d’interrogation, et 4 la méme 
fois d’un Colomb qui fait la découverte d’un monde tout 
nouveau, s’écria, “C’est en vers, Monsieur, n’est ce pas?” 
St’anegdot charmang j’ai rahcontay ah Ooendell day- 
pwee, avec days eclah de reer. (See Bolmar.) Mr. Ever- 
ett made a speech ot il y avait un soupgon de longueur. 
The prince replied most gracefully, as one 


“Who saying nothing yet saith all.” 


He speaks French exquisitely—foi de professeur. Ho 


1861] TO C, E. NORTON oes 


parlato anche Italiano col Colonello, chi é stato sei anni 
in Italia, and I believe I should have tried Hebrew 
with the secretary of legation, who looked like a Jew, 
if I had had the chance. After dinner the prince was 
brought up and presented to me! Please remember 
that when we meet. The political part of our conver- 
sation of course I am not at liberty to repeat (!!), but 
he asked me whether I myself occupied of any work 
literary at present? to which I answered, no. Then he 
spoke of the factories at Lowell and Lawrence, and 
said how much the intelligence of the operatives had 
interested him, etc., etc. He said that Boston seemed 
to have much more movement intellectual than the rest 
of the country (to which I replied, zous le croyons, au 
moins); astonished himself at the freedom of opinion 
here, etc., at the absence of Puritanism and the like. 
I thought him very intelligent and thanked him for 
his bo deescoor o saynah Frongsay shure lays ahfair 
deetahlee. (See Bolmar again, which I took in my 


pockets... 
Ever yours, 
Jacko: 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, Oct. 12, 1861. 

. . . You urged me to read poetry—to feed myself on 
bee bread—so that I might get into the mood of writ- 
ing some. Well, I haven’t been reading any, but I have 
written something *—-whether poetry or no I cannot tell 
yet. But I want you to like it if you can. Leigh Hunt 


* “The Washers of the Shroud.” 


318 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [186x 


speaks somewhere of our writing things for particular 
people, and wondering as we write if such or such a one 
will like it. Just so I thought of you, after I had writ- 
ten—for while I was writing I was wholly absorbed. I 
had just two days allowed me by Fields for the Novem- 
ber Atlantic, and I got it done. It had been in my head 
some time, and when you see it you will remember my 
having spoken to you about it. Indeed, I owe it to you, 
for the hint came from one of those books of Souvestre’s 
you lent me—the Breton legends. The writing took 
hold of me enough to leave me tired out and to satisfy 
me entirely as to what was the original of my head and 
back pains. But whether it is good or not, I am not 
yet far enough off to say. But do like it, if you can. 
Fields says it is “splendid,” with tears in his eyes—but 
then I read it to him, which is half the battle. I began 
it as a lyric, but it would be too aphoristic for that, and 
finally flatly refused to sing at any price. So I submit- 
ted, took to pentameters, and only hope the thoughts 
are good enough to be preserved in the ice of the colder 
and almost glacier-slow measure. I think I have done 
well—in some stanzas at least—and not wasted words. 
It is about present matters—but abstract enough to be 
above the newspapers. .. . 


TO MISS NORTON 
Elmwood, Dec. 9, 1861. 
... 1 have been writing a Biglow Paper, and I feel as 
nervous about it as a young author not yet weaned of 
public favor. It was clean against my critical judgment, 
for I don’t believe in resuscitations—we hear no good 


1862] TO JAMES T, FIELDS 319 


of the posthumous Lazarus—but I may get into the vein 
and do some good. ... I hope Shady Hill won’t think 
it dull—and I have a way of flattering myself that the 
next will be better. Let us hope for the best... . 


SOVTAMES  P. FIELDS 
Elmwood, Jan. 1, 1862. 

My dear Fields,—I sent number two to Mr. Nichols 
this morning. If I am not mistaken it will take. ’Tis 
about Mason and Slidell, and I have ended it with a 
little ballad with a refrain that I hope has a kind of tang 
to it. 

Do you want any more literary notices? I have some 
Calderon translations I should like to say a few words 
about. 

I wish you and Ticknor a Happy New Year, and re- 
main Truly yours, 

J. R. LOWELL. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, March 21, 1862. 

My dear Fields,—Finding a man’s “ genius” is some- 
thing, it seems to me, that he should do for himself, 
and which nobody else, not even Mr. Higginson, can do 
for him. However, I send you Mr. Brown’s “ Genius”’ 
(or his essay in that direction), neatly done up and 
freight one eighth of a dollar. As you are a man of 
business the said % will probably be twelve cents; with 
me it invariably turns out to be thirteen, which keeps 
me always poor. I have made, indeed, one or two help- 
less struggles, but it has been no go, and a dollar is one 


320 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1862 


hundred and four cents accordingly—when I pay it— 
8 x 13—q. e. d. 

As for the Biglow—glad you like it. If not so good 
as the others, the public will be sure to. I think well of 
the “ Fable,” and believe there is nothing exotic there- 
in. I am going to kill Wilbur before long, and give a 
“would-have-been”’ obituary on him in the American 
style. That is, for example, “he wrote no epic, but if 
he had, he would have been,” etc. I don’t know how 
many of these future-conditional geniuses we have pro- 
duced—many score, certainly. 

You asked the other day for an article on “ birds’ 
nests.” I don’t find it, and think it must have been 
made into soup for a blue-buttoned Mandarin that 
dropped in to dinner. What could I do? Rats were 
not to be had on such short notice. That is my theory. 
Practically, it may turn up some day, like Mr. Brown’s 


9 


“Genius”’—when I had given up all hopes of ever see- 
ing it. | 
Good-by—yours—with a series of Biglows rising, like 
the visionary kings before Macbeth, to destroy all pres- 
ent satisfaction. 
Se So bed 
TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, June 5, 1862. 
My dear Fields,—It’s no use. I reverse the gospel 
difficulty, and while the flesh is willing enough, the 
spirit is weak. My brain must lie fallow a spell—there 
is no superphosphate for those worn-out fields. Better 
no crop than small potatoes. I want to have the fas- 
sion of the thing on me again and beget lusty Biglows. 


1862] TO JAMES T, FIELDS 321 


I am all the more dejected because you have treated 
me so well. But I must rest awhile. My brain is out 
of kilter. 

They say the news is good last evening, but it does 
not put me in spirits. I fear we shall go to trying our 
old fire-and-gunpowder-cement over again, and then 
what waste of blood and treasure and hope! 

So forgive me this time, and believe me 


Faithfully yours, 
A aya Se 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Saturday, Aug. 2, 1862. 

My dear Fields,—I have an idea—nay, I honestly be- 
lieve even two ideas (which is perhaps more than in 
fairness falls to a single person); but I can’t persuade 
the words to marry either of them—such matches are 
made in heaven. Did you ever (when you were a boy) 
play ‘“ Bat, bat, come into my hat”? J have since I was I 
won’t say how old, and under the most benign conditions. 
—fine evening, smooth lawn, lovely woman to inspire, 
and, more than all,a new hat. The bat that can resist 
all these inducements must be little better than a brick- 
bat, and yet who ever knew one of those wayward, noc- 
tivagant creatures to condescend even to such terms? 
They will stoop towards the soaring Castor, they will 
look into that mysterious hollow which some angry 
divinity has doomed us to wear, which is the Yankee’s 
portmanteau and travelling-safe; but they will not vent- 
ure where we venture the most precious (or most worth- 
less) part of our person twenty times a day. Yet an 


21 


322 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1862 


owl will trap you one in a minute and make no bones 
of it. Well, I have been pestering my two ideas (one 
for a fable by Mr. Wilbur, the other a dialogue with a 
recruiting-drum by Mr. Biglow—with such a burthen to 
it!) just in that way, but I might as well talk to Egg 
Rock. Jf I were an owl (don’t you see?) I should have 
no trouble. I shouldn’t consult the wishes of my bat, 
but just gobble him up and done with it. 

Truth is, my dear Fields, I am amazed to think how 
I ever kept my word about the six already caught. I 
look back and wonder how in great H.I ever did it. 
But Sunday is always a prosperous day with me; so 
pray wait till Monday, and then I shall either have done 
my job or shall know it can’t be done. 

But what shall one say? Who feels like asking more 
recruits to go down into McClellan’s beautiful trap, from 
which seventy thousand men can’t get away? Hasn't 
he pinned his army there like a bug in a cabinet P—only 
you don’t have to feed your bug! I feel “blue as the 
blue forget-me-not,” and don’t see how we are to be 
saved but by a miracle, and miracles aren’t wrought for 
folks without heads, at least since the time of St. Denys. 

Iam much obliged to you for introducing me to Dr. 
Brown’s book, which I like very much. There is a sou/ 
in it somehow that one does not find in many books, 
and he seems to me a remarkably good critic, where his 
Scoticism doesn’t come in his way. 

Give me a victory and I will give you a poem; but I 
am now clear down in the bottom of the well, where I 
see the Truth too near to make verses of. 


Truly yours, 
dpe eel 


1862] TO C. E, NORTON S23 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, Xmas Night, 1862. 

. .. I send the poor verses.* You will see that I 
accepted your criticism and left out the crowding stan- 
za. I have also made some corrections—chiefly because 
I altered the last stanza but one in order to get in 
“feed every skill,” and then found the same rhymes 
staring at me from the last. So, as I could not copy 
it again and did not like to send anything with correc- 
tions in it, I e’en weakened the last stanza a little to 
make all square. You see what it is to write in rhyme, 
and not to remember what you have written. It is 
safer to repeat one’s self in prose. 

I hope all of you have had a good Christmas. I don’t 
see why any national misfortunes should prevent our be- 
ing glad over the birth of Good into the world eighteen 
centuries and a half ago. To me it is always a delight- 
ful day, and I, dull as I may be, come to dinner with 
a feeling that at least I am helping in the traditional 
ceremonies. One can say at least with a good con- 
science, as he lays his head on his pillow, like one of 
My Lord Tennyson’s jurymen, Caput apri detuli—TI 
brought the bore’s head. With which excellent moral, 
and love to all, 


I am always your loving 
eels: 


Asked in the very friendliest way 
To send some word prolific, 

Some pearl of wit, from Boston Bay 
To astonish the Pacific, 


* To be read at a lecture on himself, which was to be given in 
California, by the Rev. T. Starr King. 


324 


LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1862 


I fished one day and dredged the next, 
And, when I had not found it, 

“Our bay is deep,” I murmured, vext, 
“ But has vast flats around it!” 


You fancy us a land of schools, 
Academies, and colleges, 

That love to cram our emptiest fools 
With ’onomies and ’ologies, 

Till, fired, they rise and leave a line 
Of light behind like rockets— 

Nay, if you ask them out to dine, 
Bring lectures in their pockets. 


But, ’stead of lecturing other folks, 
To be yourself the topic; 

To bear the slashes, jerks, and pokes 
Of scalpels philanthropic— 

It makes one feel as if he’d sold, 
In some supreme emergence, 

His corpus vile, and were told, 
“You're wanted by the surgeons!” 


I felt, when begged to send a verse 
By way of friendly greeting, 

As if you’d stopped me in my hearse 
With “Pray, address the meeting!” 
For, when one’s made a lecture’s theme, 
One feels, in sad sincerity, 

As he were dead, or in a dream 
Confounded with posterity. 


I sometimes, on the long-sloped swells 
Of deeper songs careening, 

Shaking sometimes my cap and bells, 
But still with earnest meaning, 


1852] 


TO C. E. NORTON 


Grow grave to think my leaden lines 
Should make so long a journey, 
And there among your golden mines 

Be uttered by attorney. 


What says the East, then, to the West, 
The old home to the new one, 

The mother-bird upon the nest 
To the far-flown, but true one? 

Fair realm beneath the evening-star, 
Our western gate to glory, 

You send us faith and cheer from far; 
I send you back a story. 


We are your Past, and, short or long, 
What leave Old Days behind them 

Save bits of wisdom and of song 
For very few to find them? 

So, children, if my tale be old, 
My moral not the newest, 

Listen to Grannam while they’re told, 
For both are of the truest. 


Far in a farther East than this, 
When Nature still held league with Man, 
And shoots of New Creation’s bliss 


Through secret threads of kindred ran; 


When man was more than shops and stocks, 


And earth than dirt to fence and sell, 


Then all the forests, fields, and rocks 


Their upward yearning longed to tell. 


The forests muse of keel and oar; 
The field awaits the ploughshare’s seam; 
The rock in palace-walls would soar; 


To rise by service all things dream. 


pao 


326 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1862 


And so, when Brahma walked the: earth, 
The golden vein beneath the sward 
Cried, ‘Take me, Master; all my worth 
Lies but in serving thee, my lord! 


“Without thee gold is only gold, 
A sullen slave that waits on man, 
Sworn liegeman of the Serpent old 
To thwart the Maker’s nobler plan; 
But, ductile to thy plastic will, 
I yield as flexible as air, 
Speak every tongue, feed every skill, 
Take every shape of good and fair. 


“The soul of soul is loyal hope, 
The wine of wine is friendship’s juice, 

The strength of strength is gracious scope, 
The gold of gold is noble use; 

' Through thee alone I am not dross; 

Through thee, O master-brain and heart! 
I climb to beauty and to art, 

I bind the wound and bear the Cross.” 


TO MISS NORTON 
Elmwood, Dec. 31, 1862. 

. . | wish you all a Happy New Year! The first 
of January always comes to me, I confess, with a kind of 
sadness. 

“Time hath, my lord, a wallet at his back 
Wherein he puts—alms for Oblivion.” 
This one comes in storm. But let us have a cheerful 
confidence that we are worth damning, for that implies 
a chance also of something better. ... 


Affectionately always, 
fee ONE. 


1863] TO MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW 327 


TO MRS. FRANCIS G. SHAW 
Elmwood, April 6, 1863. 

. .. I believe it one of the most happy things in the 
world, as we grow older, to have as many ties as possi- 
ble with whatever is best in our own past, and to be 
pledged as deeply as may be to our own youth.... 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Aug. 28, 1863. 

My dear Sarah,—Not a day has passed since I heard 
the dreadful news* that I have not thought tenderly of 
you and yours; but I could not make up my mind to 
write you, and the longer I put it off the harder it grew. 
I have tried several times, and broken down. I knew 
you would be receiving all manner of consolation, and, 
as I know that consolation is worse than nothing, I 
would not add mine. There is nothing for such a blow 
as that but to bow the head and bear it. We may 
think of many things that in some measure make up 
for such a loss, but we can think of nothing that will 
give us back what we have lost. The best is that, so 
far as he was concerned, all was noble and of the high- 
est example. 

I have been writing something about Robert, and if, 
after keeping a little while, it should turn out to be a 
poem, I shall print it; but not unless I think it some 
way worthy of what I feel, however far the best verse 
falls short of noble living and dying such as his. 

* Of the death of her only son, the gallant Colonel Shaw, one 


of the most heroic of the youths who offered their lives in the 
Civil War to their country and to freedom. 


328 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1863 


I would rather have my name known and blest, as his 
will be, through all the hovels of an outcast race, than 
blaring from all the trumpets of repute. ... 

If the consolation of the best is wearisome, it is yet 
something to have the sympathy of every one, as I know 
you and Frank have. God bless and sustain you! 

Your always loving 
J. R. LOweE tt, 


TO JAMES T. FIELDS 
Elmwood, Monday, Aug. 31, 1863. 

My dear Fields,—I really do not know what to say. 
You give me altogether too much and lay me under an 
obligation which I shall have confidence enough in your 
friendliness to rest under for the present, because the 
money will be of use to me. But I shall consider my- 
self as owing you more verses than you debit me with. 
What annoys me is that I fear you took the badinage 
in my last note to you for a hint, which it was very far 
from being, I assure you. However, you have driven 
the sharpest kind of spur into my flank, and I shall not 
rest till I have written something as good as I can for 
the Adlantzc. 

I have a few things that may help you in your edition 
of ‘““Shakespeare’s Sonnets.” In the first place, print from 
the edition of Little & Brown, by Child. It is by much 
the best text in my judgment. There are still some ob- 
scurities which set me daft, and which you will have to 
leave, I fear, as you find them. Here follow a few of 
my marginal pencillings, which you may take for what 
they are worth. 


1863] TO JAMES T. FIELDS 329 


First, read carefully Sonnet v., and then consider 
these lines in the sixth: 


‘Make sweet some phial; ¢reasure thou some place 
With Beauty’s treasure ere it be self-killed.” 


This should read, I have scarce a doubt, 
“ Make sweet some phial ; A/casure thou some place 


With Beauty’s treasure, ere zfse/f (i. e. Beauty) be killed.” 


I think the first treasure a mere misprint, and pleasure 
carries out the conceit in the first half of the verse, 
“make sweet some phial.” 

Sonnet xxiii): 


“So I, for fear of trust—” 
I don't understand this. Same sonnet, “O let my books” 
—should be fooks ? and farther on, “that more hath 
more” is, I think, sophisticated. 
Sonnet xxxiii.: after “heavenly alchemy” should be 
a comma, not a semicolon. 


“Stealing unseen to west with ¢hzs disgrace.” 


I suspect Shakespeare wrote /zs. 
Sonnet xxxv.: 


“Excusing thy sins, more than thy sins are,” 


is cimmerian to me. I am inclined to think there should 
be a semicolon after ‘“‘amiss,” and then 


“ Excusing thy sin ’s more than thy sins are.” 
That is, all men make faults. J do, in finding compari- 


sons to make “thy sin seem venial,” and, “in excusing 


thee, sin worse than thou.” 


330 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1863 
Sonnet xlvii.: 


“For thou oft farther than my thoughts,” etc., 


should be zo. The original edition has zor for noe—as 
I think. Vo is more simple and idiomatic. 
Sonnet li.: 


“Shall neigh (no dull flesh) in his fiery race.” 


"Tis scarce probable that Shakespeare, who in “‘Cymbe- 
line” wrote with such disgust of the boar that cries 
“Oh!” and mounts, should have thought a neigh much 
less animal than a grunt. In the original there are no 
brackets, and I fancy the nezgh is a blunder for some 
active verb governing “dull flesh ’—but zw/at one, I de- 
spair of. 
Sonnet Ixiii. : 
“ And they shall live, and he in them still green” 

should be 


‘And they shall live, and he in them, still green.” 


The evergreen plainly qualifies both the ¢hey and he. 
Sonnet lxv.: 


“Shall Time’s best jewel from Time’s chest lie hid ?” 


What does that mean? To le hidden from a chest is 

hardly worthy of Shakespeare’s exquisite precision of 

phrase. I think he wrote “from Time’s quest,” and 

then the “lie hid” is set right. | 
Sonnet Ixvii.: 


“ And steal dead sceimg of his living hue,” 


1863] TO JAMES T. FIELDS 331 


should be (meo periculo) “dead seeming.” Read the 
context. Same sonnet, 


‘And proud of many,” etc. 


I don’t understand it, and suspect it grievously to be 
stark nonsense as it stands. 
Sonnet Ixxxiv.: 


‘Who is it that says most that can say more 
Than this rich praise,—that you alone are you? 
In whose confine immured is the store 
Which should example where your equal grew.” 


should read, I think, as I have corrected in margin. 
After “dignifies his story” should be a colon for a 
comma. 

Sonnet Ixxxvili.: after “attainted”’ should be a com- 
ma, not a semicolon. 

Sonnet xcviii. : 


“They were but sweet, but figures of delight.” 


This is nonsense. Oxy sweet? What more can a man 
ask in this life? Shakespeare wrote, 


“They were, dest sweet, but,” etc. 
Sonnet cxv..: 


“¢ When I was certain o’er incertainty, 
Crowning the present, doubting of the rest.” 


There is something wrong here. One would not like 
such a loose linch-pin in his triumphal car. He could 
not be “certain o’er incertainty’’ so long as he was 
“doubting of the rest.” It is just possible that it may 
have stood 


332 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1863 


“Might I not then say, Vow J love you best 
When I was certain? Our incertainty 
Crowning the present, doubting of the rest.” 
Or else, 


“o’er incertainty 
Crowning the present.” 


> 


Sonnet cxx.: “My deepest sense” should, I guess, 
read Ay, for it applies to both of them. 

Some of my suggestions may be of use to you. 
Some are mere doubts to set your wits at work. You 
may depend upon it, the text even now is very far from 
Shakespeare’s meaning. There are many passages be- 
sides the ones I have mentioned which are quite be- 
yond my comprehension. That, of course, is none of 
your business as an editor, but it.has always seemed to 
me droll how long the world would read nonsense on 
trust without the least suspicion. My emendations on 
the sixth, sixty-fifth, and sixty-seventh I think will stand 
reflection. But if any difficulties occur to you in print- 
ing, 1 wish you would tell me what they are, for I like 
to worry these rats that eat out the sense, even if I 
cannot exterminate them. Shall you print the “ Lover's 
Complaint’’? TZzat,I think, is almost hopeless in some 
places. 

Renewing my thanks, I remain 

Always cordially yours, 
1 pao 


TO THOMAS HUGHES 


Harvard College, Sept. 9, 1863. 
My dear Hughes,—Will you do anything that lies in 


1863] TO JAMES T, FIELDS Bad 


your way for my young friend Mr. Lincoln, and very 
much oblige me thereby? He wishes particularly to see 
you, and would like a few hints about employing his 
very short time in London well. He has been one of 
our tutors here. 

To almost any other Englishman I should think it 
needful to explain that he is not President Lincoln, you 
are all so “shady” in our matters. The Zzmes,I1 see, 
has now sent over an “Italian” to report upon us—a 
clever man, but a double foreigner, as an Italian with an 
English wash over him. Pray, don’t believe a word he 
says about our longing to go to war with England. We 
are all as cross as terriers with your kind of neutrality, 
but the last thing we want is another war. If the rebel 
iron-clads are allowed to come out, there might be a 
change. 

If you can give Mr. Lincoln any hints or helps for 
seeing Oxford you would be doing him a great kindness, 
’ and adding another to the many you have done me. 
Cordially yours, 

J. R. LowE.t. 


LO yA Eo. FIELDS 
Elmwood, Nov. 30, 1863. 
My dear Fields,—You know I owe you a poem—fzwo 
in my reckoning, and here is one of them. If this is not 
to your mind,I can hammer you out another. I havea 
feeling that some of it is good—but is it too long? 1 
want to fling my leaf on dear Shaw’s grave. Perhaps I 
was wrong in stiffening the feet of my verses a little, in 
order to give them a kind of slow funeral tread. But I 


334 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1864 


conceived it so,and so it would be. I wanted the poem 
a little szonumental, perhaps I have made it odztuary. 
But tell me just how it strikes you, and don’t be afraid 
of my nerves. They can stand much in the way of 
friendly frankness, and besides, I find I am acquiring a 
vice of modesty as I grow older. I used to try the 
trumpet now and then; I| am satisfied now with a pipe 
(provided the tobacco is good). 

I have been reading the “ Wayside Inn” with the 
heartiest admiration. The introduction is masterly—so 
simple, clear, and strong. Let ’em put in all their zfs 
and duts; I don’t wonder the public are hungrier and 
thirstier for his verse than for that of all the rest of us 
put together. Curtis’s article was excellent. I read 
also Hale’s story with singular pleasure, increased when 
I learned whose it was. Get more of him. He has 
that lightness of touch and ease of narration that are 
worth everything. I think it the cleverest story in 
the Atlantic since ‘My Double” (also his), which ap- 
peared in my time. I confess I am rather weary of 


the high-pressure style. 
Yours always, 
Jee 


TOV. L MOTOSY | 
Cambridge, July 28, 1864. 
My dear Motley,—I write you on a matter of 
business. You may have heard that Norton and I 
have undertaken to edit the Worth American —a 
rather Sisyphian job, you will say. It wanted three 


* Reprinted from the Correspondence of J. L. Motley, ii. 167. 


1864] TO J. L, MOTLEY 335 


chief elements to be successful. It wasn’t thorough- 
ly, that is, thick and thinly, loyal, it wasn’t lively, 
and it had no particular opinions on any particular 
subject. 

It was an eminently safe periodical, and accordingly 
was in great danger of running aground. It was an easy 
matter, of course, to make it loyal—even to give it opin- 
ions (such as they were), but to make it alive is more 
difficult. Perhaps the day of the quarterlies is gone by, 
and those megatheria of letters may be in the mere 
course of nature withdrawing to their last swamps to 
die in peace. Anyhow, here we are with our megathe- 
rium on our hands, and we must strive to find what will 
fill his huge belly, and keep him alive a little longer. 
You see what’s coming. Pray imagine all the fine 
speeches and God-bless-your-honors, and let me pro- 
ceed at once to hold out the inevitable hat. Couldn't 
you write us an article now and then? It would be a 
great help to us, and you shall have carte blanche as to 


subject. Couldn’t you write on the natural history of 


that diplomatic cuttlefish of Schleswig-Holstein without 
forfeiting your ministerial equanimity? The creature 
has be-muddled himself with such a cloud of ink that 
he is almost indiscernible to the laic eye. Or on recent 
German literature? Or on Austria and its resources? 
Or, in short, on anything that may be solemn in topic 
and entertaining in treatment? Our pay isn’t much, but 
you shall have five dollars a page, and the object is in a 
sense patriotic. If the thought be dreadful, see if you 
can’t find also something pleasing in it, as Young man- 
aged to do in “Eternity.” Imagine the difference in 


336 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1864 


the tone of the Review. If you are a contributor, of 
course it will always be “ Our amiable and accomplished 
minister at the Court of Vienna, who unites in himself,” 
etc., etc., etc.; or else, ‘In such a state of affairs it was 
the misfortune of this country to be represented at Vi- 
enna by a minister as learned in Low Dutch as he was 
ignorant of high statesmanship,” etc., etc. I pull my 
beaver over my eyes and mutter “ Bewa-r-re!/” etc. 
But, seriously, you can help us a great deal, and I 
really do not care what you write about if you will 
only write. 

As to our situation here, you are doubtless well in- 
formed. My own feeling has always been confident, 
and it is now hopeful. If Mr. Lincoln is re-chosen, I 
think the war will soon be over. If not, there will be 
attempts at negotiation, during ‘which the rebels will 
recover breath, and then war again with more chances 
in their favor. Just now everything looks well. The 
real campaign is clearly in Georgia, and Grant has skil- 
fully turned all eyes to Virginia by taking the command 
there in person. Sherman is a very able man, in dead 
earnest, and with a more powerful army than that of 
Virginia. It is true that the mercantile classes are long- 
ing for peace, but I believe the people are more firm 
than ever. So far as I can see, the opposition to Mr. 
Lincoln is both selfish and factious, but it is much in 
favor of the right side that the Democratic party have 
literally not so much as a single plank of principle to 
float on, and the sea runs high. ‘They don’t know what 
they are in favor of—hardly what they think it safe to 
be against. And I doubt if they will gain much by go- 


1864] TO J. L, MOTLEY a | 


ing into an election on negatives. I attach some impor- 
tance to the peace negotiation at Niagara (ludicrous as 
it was) as an indication of despair on the part of the reb- 
els, especially as it was almost coincident with Clan- 
ricarde’s movement in the House of Lords. Don’t be 
alarmed about Washington. The noise made about it 
by the Copperheads is enough to show there is nothing 
dangerous in any rebel movements in that direction. I 
have no doubt that Washington is as safe as Vienna. 
What the Fremont defection may accomplish I can’t 
say, but I have little fear from it. Its strength lies 
solely among our German Radicals, the most impracti- 
cable of mankind. If our population had been as homo- 
geneous as during the Revolutionary war, our troubles 
would have been over in a year. All our foreign trad- 
ing population have no fatherland but the till, and have 
done their best to destroy our credit. All our snobs, 
too, are Secesh. 
But I always think of Virgil’s 


“Pur a noi converra vincer la punga 
. se non—tal ne s’ offerse.” 


We have the promise of God’s Word and God’s nat- 
ure on our side. Moreover, I have never believed, do 
not now believe, in the possibility of separation. The 
instinct of the people on both sides is against it. Is not 
the “coup de grdce’”’ of the Alabama refreshing? That 
an American sloop of war should sink a British ship of 
equal force, manned by British sailors and armed with 
British guns in the British Channel! There is some- 
thing to make John Bull reflect. 


22 


338 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1864 


Now do write something for us, if you can, and with 
kindest remembrances to Mrs. Motley, 
Believe me always, 
Cordially yours, 
J. R. LowE.t. 


TO W. D. HOWELLS 
Elmwood, July 28, 1864. 

My dear Sir,—Your article* is in print, and I was 
very glad to get it. Pray instruct me to whom I shall 
pay over your honorarium. 

We don’t pay very well, but ’tis better than nothing. 
Write us another on “ Modern Italian Literature,” or 
anything you like. Idon’t forget my good opinion of 
you and my interest in your genius. Therefore I may 
be frank. 

You have enough in you'to do honor to our litera- 
ture. Keep on cultivating yourself. You know what I 
thought. You must sweat the Heine out of you as men 
domercury. You are as good as Heine—remember that. 

I have been charmed with your Venetian letters in the 
Advertiser. They are admirable, and filla gap. They 
make the most careful and picturesque study I have ever 
seen on any part of Italy. They are the thing itself. 

Pray introduce me with my best regards to Mrs. 
Howells, and believe me, with real interest, 


Your friend, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


Only think of losing Hawthorne! I cannot stom- 
ach it. 


* For the Worth American Review, on “ Recent Italian Com- 
edy.” 


1864] TO C. E. NORTON 339 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, Aug. I, 1864. 
. . IT am enjoying vacation as usual, with proofs 
(“Old Dramatists” *) every day... . 

I shall say nothing about politics, my dear Charles, 
for I feel rather down in the mouth, and moreover I 
have not had an idea for so long that I shouldn’t know 
one if I saw it. The war and its constant expectation 
and anxiety oppress me. I cannot think.... 

. .. L have read Boccaccio nearly through since Com- 
mencement—I mean the ‘‘ Decameron,” in order to ap- 
preciate his style. I find it very charming, and him 
clearly the founder of modern prose. A singular sweet- 
ness, ease, and grace. Nothing came near it for centu- 
ries. And then the just visible unobtrusive play of hu- 
mor—a kind of heat-lightning round the horizon of his 
mind without a harmful bolt in the whole of it. And 
then there is no great mischief in his dirt. When Casti 
versifies his stories you feel this—for Casti makes them 
bad.... Iam now taking a good draught of old favor- 
ites, Hakluyt and Purchas.... 

Your always loving 
1a cay? 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Thursday, Aug. 18, 1864. 
My dear Charles,—The other day Field+ came to see 
* For a projected series of select Old Plays, never carried into 
execution. A single volume was printed, but not published. 


+ The late John W. Field, a man of singular friendliness, of 
whom Lowell, shortly after making his acquaintance, wrote: 


“Few things to charm me more can nature yield 
Than a broad, open, breezy, high-viewed Field.” 


340 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1864 


us, and told me that he was going to Ashfield next 
Saturday, whereupon I thought we could not do better 
than come together. He will at least mitigate my dul- 
ness, which for several weeks has neighbored on idiocy, 
having had a headache a// the time—which makes it 
lucky ‘twas vacation. 

I believe Fanny wrote to Jane how (like a fool) I 
went down East with a notion of exploring the Coast of 
Maine in the company of a Congressional Committee. 
I saw the chairman—who seemed amazed to see me— 
and a roomful of his satellites (of the clean-dicky and 
dirty-shirt kind); found that we were to be trotted 
round on show like a menagerie; and came straight 
home again, wiser, hotter, and headachier. I find that 
one’s ears grow with his growth. 

Except this insane escapade, I have not stirred from 
my study since vacation began—unless I count one din- 
ner at the Club. To-day Iam going to help dine Mr. 
Chase. I shall come home sorry that I went, I know; 
but hope always gets the better of experience with me. 
I almost think I should be willing to live over again— 
though I ought to know better by this time. 


O Frances Dobbs! 

This life is cobs 
Without one grain of corn: 

’Tis wake and eat— 

Sleep—then repeat, 
Since ever I was born! 


And yet we fear 
Our tread-mill here 
May cease its weary round, 


1864] TO JAMES T. FIELDS 341 


And think ’tis not 
All one to rot 
Above or under ground! 


This dining, by the way, is a funny thing. Did it ever 
occur to mortal man to give a dinner to some one who 
really wanted it? I think it would be rather a good 
lark to dine the Aunugrzest man in Boston. Wouldn't I 
like to dine old Farragut (feragut) though! By Jove! 
the sea-service hasn’t lost its romance, in spite of iron 
turtles. And isn’t wood, after all,the thing? I believe 
the big guns will bring us back to wooden ships again. 
For one lucky shot may sink one of these hogs in armor. 
By the way, Sir Richard Hawkins discusses this very 
matter of big shot two hundred and fifty years ago, and 
decides in favor of large bores, because the ball will 
make a leak that can’t be stopped... . 

I believe I was glad to see that Arthur was a prisoner. 
He is safe, at any rate for the present, which is a com- 
fort. He did all a man could in going. He offered his 
life, and if Fate will not take it we ought to be thank- 
ful. . . . As John [Holmes] says (he has dined with us 
twice this week!), “It’s better to suffer from too little 
bread than from too much lead.” ... 


TO JAMES T. FIELDS 
| Elmwood, Oct. 18, 1864. 
... It’s a great compliment you pay me that, when- 
ever I have fairly begun to edit a journal, you should 
buy it.* I heard some time ago that the thing was 


* Messrs. Fields, Osgood & Co. had purchased the orth Amer- 
zcan Review. 


342 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1864 


talked of, but hear it is concluded just as I was about 
writing you. 

Firstly : Whar is Biglow? Let Echo repeat her cus- 
tomary observation, adding only that I began one, but 
it would not go. I had idees in plenty, but, all I could 
do, they would not marry themselves to immortal worse. 
Not only did I wish to write, for there was a chance of 
a thousand, but I wanted money—so there can be no 
doubt I was in earnest. But so it was that all my idees 
aforesaid, though I could hear them shuffling up and 
down the cloisters of my brain, would have no more to 
do with each other than Carthusians, and could not enter 
upon any of the matrimonial arrangements above noted 
because of their vow. And in the midst of all came 
such a cold! with a catarrh at one end of my breathing 
tubes, a double snuffle in the middle, and a cough at the 
bottom. It was no go—I mean the poem; the cough 
went firmly and goes still—such a hacking cough that I 
should like to bind it out to a wood-chopper. 

As for the WVove/, in the first place I can’t write one 
nor conceive how any one else can; and in the next—I 
would sooner be hanged than begin to print anything 
before I had wholly finished it. Moreover, what can a 
man do who is in atread-mill? I believe that but forthe 
unfortunate accident which forced me to quit the Castle 
of Idlesse and in some sort accept the curse of Adam 
by being busy without being useful, I should not only 
have produced more but better of its kind. I am get- 
ting bark-bound. The truth is, my brain requires a long 
brooding time ere it can hatch anything. As soon as 
the /zfe comes into the thing it is quick enough in clip- 
ping the shell. 


1865] TO C. E. NORTON 343 


As for “terms,” I know you will be as liberal as I 
wish you to be, and that is enough. You always have 
been, sors... 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, Wednesday, Jan., 1865. 

... 1 am not a fool, and you are all wrong about 
England. You think better of them than they deserve, 
and I like them full as well as you do. But because there 
are a few noble fellows there like Goldwin Smith whom 
one instinctively loves, it doesn’t blind me to the fact 
that they are not England and never will be—that Eng- 
land is an idea, that America is another, that they are 
innately hostile, and that they will fight us one of these 
days. God forbid! you say. Amen! say I. But we 
are fighting the South at this moment on no other 
grounds, and there are some fine fellows at the South 
too. England just now is a monstrous sham, as we 
were five years ago when she smiled on us as one augur 
did at another. Now, I don’t believe in being meek 
towards foreign nations that are never senza guerra (so 
far as we are concerned) ze’ cor de’ suot tiranni. But 
I do believe in doing what is right, whether as nations 
or men. As for any row that the New York papers may 
have made about Coursal, I have not to learn at forty- 
five that men always behave like boys when they are 
angry, and the government has not gone mad after all. 
Were the English wiser about the 7vent? About the 
Florida? I should not be a crazy statesman, but a poet 
doesn’t deserve to have been born in a country if he can’t 
instinctively express what his countrymen have in their 


344 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1865 


hearts. No nation is great enough to put up with insult, 
for it is the one advantage of greatness to be strong 
enough to protect herself from it. I think a war with 
England would be the greatest calamity but one—the 
being afraid of it. I would do everything to avoid it, 
except not telling her what I think of her in return for 
the charming confidences with which she so constantly 
favors us. Goldwin Smith tells us she has changed since 
1815. But has there been any great war since? Espe- 
cially any great naval war? The root of our bitterness 
is not that she wsed to do so and so, but that we know 
she would do it again. The wolf was wrong in eating 
the lamb because its grandmother had muddied the 
stream, but it would be a silly lamb that expected to 
be friends with any animal whose grandmother was a 
wolf. Farewell. I won't fight you, because my father 
loved your grandfather and I love you. 
BPA) 5 eat 
TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, April 13, 1865. 

. .. Lhe news, my dear Charles, is from Heaven. I 
felt a strange and tender exaltation. I wanted to laugh 
and I wanted to cry, and ended by holding my peace 
and feeling devoutly thankful. There is something 
magnificent in having a country to love. It is almost 
like what one feels for a woman. Not so tender, per- 
haps, but to the full as self-forgetful. I worry a little 
about reconstruction, but am inclined to think that mat- 
ters will very much settle themselves. But I must run 
to my tread-mill. Love and joy to all! 

Ever yours, 
dx ee Ds 


1865] TO MISS NORTON 345 


TO MISS NORTON 
Elmwood, July 25, 1865. 

My dear Jane,—However statures and wits may de- 
generate, and we become, as Donne says, “our fathers’ 
shadows cast at noon,” July keeps his old force and is 
pleasing himself to-day with a noble display of it. It is 
so hot that the very locusts are dumb and cannot endure 
to carry on their own trade of spinning out “ their long- 
drawn, red-hot wires of shrilly song,” as they are called 
in a lost poem of Pindar’s, from which I translate by 
direct inspiration of a scholiast turned table-tipper. 
Each under his cool leaf is taking his siesta. There is 
an unpleasing moisture even in the slender palms of the 
flies that fondle the restiff tip of my nose. The thin 
gray lives of mosquitoes are burnt up and evaporate. 
My anxious shirt-collar still stiffly holds its undimin- 
ished state, but with a damp foreboding of its doom. 
In short, dear Jane, it is just such a day as the Clerk of 
the Weather, abusing his opportunities, invariably ap- 
points for public festivities—just such a day as were 
the Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday of last week. 
Nevertheless, Iam here among my books and I am in 
a literal sense alive. I eat and smoke and sleep and go 
through all the nobler functions of a man mechanically 
still, and wonder at myself as at something outside of 
and alien to Me. For have I not worked myself lean 
on an “ Ode for Commemoration”? Was I not so rapt 
with the fervor of conception as I have not been these 
ten years, losing my sleep, my appetite, and my flesh, 
those attributes to which I before alluded as nobly 


346 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1865 


uniting us in a common nature with our kind? Did I 
not for two days exasperate everybody that came near 
me by reciting passages in order to try them on? Did 
I not even fall backward and downward to the old folly 
of hopeful youth, and think I had written something 
really good at last? And am I not now enduring those 
retributive dumps which ever follow such sinful exulta- 
tions, the Erynnyes of Vanity? Did not I make John 
Holmes and William Story shed tears by my recitation 
of it (my ode) in the morning, both of ’em fervently de- 
claring it was “noble”? Did not even the silent Rowse 
declare ’twas in a higher mood than much or most of 
later verse? Did not I think, in my nervous exhilaration, 
that ’twould be ¢e feature (as reporters call it) of the 
day? And, after all, have'I not a line in the Dazly Ad- 
vertiser calling it a “graceful poem” (or “some graceful 
verses,’ I forget which), which “was received with ap- 
plause”? Why, Jane, my legs are those of grasshop- 
pers, and my head is an autumn threshing-floor, still beat- 
ing with the alternate flails of strophe and antistrophe, 
and an infinite virtue is gone out of me somehow—but 
it seems zot into my verse as I dreamed. Well, well, 
Charles will like it—but then he always does, so what’s 
the use? I am Icarus now with the cold salt sea over 
him instead of the warm exulting blue of ether. I am 
gone under, and I will never be a fool again. You read 
between the lines, don’t you, my dear old friend, if I 
may dare to call a woman so? You know my foibles 
—women always know our foibles, confound them !— 
though they always wink at the right moment and 
seem not to see—bless them! Like a boy, I mistook my 


1865] TO MISS NORTON 347 


excitement for inspiration, and here I am in the mud. 
You see also I am a little disappointed and a little few 
(un petit peu) vexed. I did xot make the hit I expected, 
and am ashamed at having been again tempted into 
thinking I could write poetry, a delusion from which I 
have been tolerably free these dozen years... . 


26th. 

The Storys have got home and look as young as 
ever. I first saw William on Commencement day, and 
glad enough I was. A friendship counting nearly forty 
years is the finest kind of shade-tree I know of. One is 
safe from thunder beneath it, as under laurel—nay, more 
safe, for the critical bolts do not respect the sacred tree 
any more than if it were so much theatrical green baize. 
To be sure, itself is of the harmless theatrical kiad often 
enough. Well, he and two more came up hither after 
dinner, and we talked and laughed and smoked and 
drank Domdechanei till there wasn’t a bald head nor a 
gray hair among us. Per Bacco and tobacco, how wise- 
ly silly we were! I forgot for a few blessed hours that 
I was a professor, and felt as if I were something real. 
But Phi Beta came next day, and wasn’t I tired! Pre- 
siding from 9 A.M. till 6} P.M. is no joke, and then up 
next morning at 4 past 4 to copy out and finish my ode. 
I have not got cool yet (I mean as to nerves), and lie 
awake at night thinking how much better my verses 
might have been, only I can’t make ’em so. Well, I am 
printing fifty copies in 4to, and Charles will like it, as I 
said before, and I sha’n’t, because I thought too well of 


Wratciest.cwen. Yours always, jad Sebel bs 


348 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1865 


TO.C.oB. NORTON 
Elmwood, Aug. 28, 1865. 


My dear Charles——Why I did not come to Ashfield, 
as I hoped and expected, I will tell you when I see you. 
Like that poor Doctor in the “Inferno,” I have seen 
before me as I sat in reverie those yellow hills with 
their dark-green checkers of woods and the blue undu- 
lation of edging mountains (which we looked at togeth- 
er that lovely Sunday morning last year) I can’t say 
how often. Perhaps I do not wish to see them again 
—and in one sense I do not, they are such a beautiful 
picture in my memory. For I have a theory—or rather 
it belongs to my temperament to believe—that there are 
certain things that one should take a sip at, as a bird 
does at a spring, and then fly away forever, taking with 
us a snatch of picture, the trees, the sky with its cloud- 
drifts of warm snow—yes, and our own image in the 
sliding wave too. We do not care to see our own foot- 
prints on the edge again, still less to tread in them. 
Somehow the geese always follow where the song-birds 
have been, and leave their slumpy stars in the mud 
themselves have made. There, by ginger! I meant to 
give the merest hint of a sentiment, and I have gone 
splash into a moral. I did not mean it, but I cannot 
cure myself. I shall never be a poet till I get out of 
the pulpit, and New England was all meeting-house 
when I was growing up. But I assure you I am never 
dull but in spite of myself. 

Somehow, this cool, beautiful summer day I feel my 
heart go out towards you all, and am not writing because 


1865] TO C, E, NORTON 349 


I ought. I fancy you up there in your little withdraw- 
ing-chamber of a town, with a hundred miles of oak 
“sported” against the world, and it rakes me happy. 
And when one is happy what a beautiful frame it sets 
the world in! Even the flies sing and do not buzz. 
Not one of them fancies himself an eagle and insists 
on perching upon the promontory of my nose, to look 
down in sublime isolation on my limitless forest of 
beard. The trees are all alive with the west wind. I 
can hear the faint surf of the black-walnut at the foot 
of the garden as I write. In the hot weather a day or 
two ago it seemed only to fan itself languidly, as wom- 
en do in church to prove that they are not asleep dur- 
ing a dull sermon. Even the locust’s cry is no longer 
a mere impertinent feeze of sound or a death-whiz, as if 
the hot sun-ray were impaling him, but has something 
of satisfaction in it, as if life were wholesome warmth, 
indeed, but not mere frying. Altogether it seems a 
lovely day, and accordingly I walk to the Port pres- 
ently—to pay my income tax. I must take care—I am 
on the edge of another moral pitfall... . 
Your loving 
IARAk. 
TO THE SAME 
Oct. 12, 1865. 

. . . | have been reading away steadily at Lessing till 
I have almost lost my moorings in the modern world. 
I am on his correspondence now, and find I have read 
462 pages octavo out of 665 in the first volume, which is 
encouraging progress. However, I read all the time. I 
find, somewhat to my surprise, from his letters that he 


350 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1865 


had the imaginative temperament in all its force. Can’t 
work for months together; if he tries, his forehead drips 
with Angstschwetss ; feels ill and looks well—in short, is 
as pure a hypochondriac as the best. This has had a 
kind of unhealthy interest for me, for I never read my 
own symptoms so well described before. It is what 
people call hypped—but nothing will ever persuade me 
that I have been well these four years past. I am mak- 
ing up my mind to de well, however, and if I can sell 
some of my land and slip my neck out of this collar 
that galls me so, I should be a man again. I am not 
the stuff that professors are made of. Better in some 
ways, worse in others. ... Anyhow my professorship 


is wearing me out.... 
Yours always, 
de sles ley 


TO W. D. HOWELLS 
_Elmwood, Nov. 2, 1865. 

My dear Sir,—I have read your articles in the Vatzon 
with a sense of what I may call personal pleasure that 
is particularly agreeable. And I have a ¢e// for you, as 
the children say; so open your mouth and shut your 
eyes that I may pop in my plum! I read the article 
about Pompeii without the least suspicion whose it was, 
and found it charming. Why, here is somebody, I said 
to myself, who writes about Italy just as I would like to 
have written if I could. 

It is altogether good. In the other, of course, I knew 
you, for you had spoken of it, and so perhaps my judg- 
ment might be less impartial. You are doing just what 
I should wish you to do. The danger of our literature 


1865 ] TO W. D. HOWELLS 351 


(with plenty of talent) seems to me to be carelessness 
and want of scholarly refinement. That is the rock I 
see ahead just now, and I fear we may go to pieces on 
it if we don’t look sharp. Perhaps you will be inclined 
to send back a stone at the glass house of the “ Biglow 
Papers’’—but ’twas for this very reason that I made a 
balance for Hosea in the pedantic parson. And then I 
had an object to reach which I dd reach, and could have 
reached in no other way. But what I feel is (whether 
a sinner myself or not) that we especially need refine- 
ment in this country as a prophylactic against democ- 
racy misunderstood. And as for really good things, 
that is true here which is true everywhere—they cannot 
be made by any but those who have served a long 
apprenticeship—longer, it may be, here than elsewhere, 
since we have less hereditary and accumulated culture. 
Well, never mind; I like your articles as heartily as I 
could wish. 

I write now to ask you if you could not write a paper 
for the Worth American on the Dante Festival? I forget 
whether you were in Florence at the time or not. If 
you were, here is a subject just in your own line, full of 
picturesque sentiment. I gave the Mantova article to 
Mr. Norton on his return from Ashfield, where he had 
spent the summer, and forgot when I saw him again to 
ask when he would print it. I will speak with him 
again and let you know. He “makes up” the Review 
as he likes, for I have not time to do anything about 
it. 

It is possible that I may come to New York during 
the winter vacation. If so, I shall have the pleasure of 


352 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1865 


seeing you again and talking over matters of mutual 
interest. Meanwhile I remain 
Cordially yours, 
J. R. Lowe tu, 


TO SYDNEY. Ty GAY 
Elmwood, Dec. 21, 1865. 

My dear Gay,—Is “ fifty dollars any object with me?” 
I should think so! If greenbacks of that figure grew 
upon trees, I should be a lusty climber. But neither 
are odes to be found on every bush. A great deal of 
virtue must go out of a man if he would write a good 
one, and it’s no use whistling for the wind of inspira- 
tion. And it takes time, my dear Sydney—not so much 
for the birth, as for the conception and shaping of the 
harmonious parts. You must have first your chaos of 
jostling elements and forces, the fermentation of the 
yet uncrystallized idea; then the brooding of the crea- 
tive imagination; and then the birth of your star or 
comet or, unhappily too often, of your meteor, which 
falls to earth a shapeless jelly. I know so well how cer- 
tain things are done that—I can’t do them ! 

I might have written you, perhaps, a rhymed edito- 
rial—but an ode? The occasion was a good one, and 
I am half inclined to meditate upon it and see if I can’t 
write one aprés coup and print it in my next volume, 
whenever that comes. I must claim for my verses, if 
no other merit, at least that of forethought and some 
conception of the serious demands of the Muse. 

As for pay, I am lucky, though it puzzles me. The 
public, with a shocking want of discrimination, buy ev- 


1865] TO SYDNEY H. GAY 353 


erybody’s books but mine, and yet my verses are worth 
as much to a magazine as any other author’s. How- 
ever, that’s their affair, and not mine. For some years 
I have had twice fifty for whatever I write, and three or 
four times fifty for a long poem. 

I was very glad to hear from you again, and I hope 
to see you and other old friends this winter, as I have 
promised to go to New York in vacation.... Re 
member me to whoever remembers me, and I am as 


always, 
Affectionately yours, 
: Teheode, 
3 


V 
1866-1868 


LIFE AT ELMWOOD.— STUDIES. — LECTURES. — POLITICAL AND 
LITERARY ESSAYS IN THE WORTH AMERICAN REVIEW 
AND THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY.-— THE NATION. — THE 


‘COMMEMORATION ODE.” —‘“‘ THE NIGHTINGALE IN THE 
STUDY.”’ 


LETTERS TO E. L. GODKIN, E. C. STEDMAN, LESLIE STEPHEN, 
C. E. NORTON, H. W. LONGFELLOW, T. W. HIGGINSON, J. T. 


FIELDS, MISS NORTON, J. B. THAYER, T. W. PARSONS, W. D. 
HOWELLS. 


TO E. L. GODKIN 


Elmwood, Jan. 10, 1866, 

My dear Sir,— ... I have got something half writ- 
ten for you and hope to finish it to-day—some maca- 
ronic verses on the editorial sham-fight at Richmond, 
under some such title as “ Kettleo-Pottomachia.” I 
am not yet sure whether it is not dull. However, I will 
send it, and you can use it or not as you like. I had 
begun an essay on “ Autographs,” when I was drawn 
off by this. Meanwhile I have raked out of my desk a 
little poem which I wrote for an autograph for the St. 
Louis Fair two years ago. (The Muse doesn’t come 
often to Professors!) I do not know that it has ever 


1866] TO E. L. GODKIN 255 


been printed and don’t think it has. I send it merely 
to justify my name on your list of contributors.* You 
can put my initials under it—otherwise I prefer the 
anonymous. I find excellent matter in the WVatzon, and 
always read it through. Pray tell Mr. Howells with how 
much pleasure I read his German sketch—and not I 
alone. 

I will send you the macaronics in a day or two, and 
you may put them in the fire if you like... 

Faithfully yours, 
J. R. Lowe tt. 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Jan. 19, 1866. 

My dear Godkin,—Ecce iterum Crispinus! MHere’s 
Monsieur Tonson come again! It never rains but it 
pours, and you’ve lent me your umberil! You remem- 
ber how Mrs. Radcliffe’s heroines, whenever they are 
hard-bestead, sit down and compose “the following 
verses’? Well, ’tis my case precisely. I expected to 
have sent you the first half of my hexameters this 
morning, but Rowse came out last evening and knocked 
that plan on the head. He found me a fifteen-inch 
bore, for I was full of my heroics and would read ’em 
to him, though he is as innocent of Latin as a Metho- 
dist class-leader. However, he charitably spent the 
night, and forgot his wrongs in whiskey-toddy. So the 
epic must wait, which I am sorry for. If left too long, 
‘twill be flat as an oyster out of season. As I was lying 
in bed this morning musing over this, the ditty I en- 


* To the JVatzon. 


356 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


close literally zst mr etngefallen, to use the happy Ger- 
man phrase—dropped into me from the Lord knows 
where. The first stanza came into my head complete, 
as Minerva came out of, etc. TZhzs, thought I, is inspi- 
ration! So, as I took my bath, I hummed it over, and, 
breakfast done, wrote it out for you, and here it is. 
Now that it’s warm it seems to me not bad. How it 
will smack in the cold-mutton next-day of print I can’t 
say, but / rather like cold mutton. I think it had better 
not have my name, but go to the general credit of your 
“able staff.” But you may do as you like about that. 
I, for one, don’t fancy this onomatopceia style of pub- 
lishing, which makes more of names than things. You 
don’t encourage me about the macaronics. Will they 
do? Be frank. Iam perfectly reasonable and can use 
them otherwise. I suppose I am to thank you for the 
article on Insurance, which tickled me thoroughly. So 
farewell, and you sha’n’t hear from me again for a 


twelvemonth. 
Cordially yours, 
Ba ult 


TO E. C. STEDMAN 
Elmwood, Feb. 12, 1866. 
My dear Sir,—I think one of the greatest pleasures is 
to come across a poem that one can honestly like; it’s 
like finding a new flower. If, at the same time, one can 
please the author by telling him so, all the better. I 
liked ‘Alice of Monmouth,” and felt bound to say so. 
I am glad to find that what I said did not mislike you— 
for I believe I have earned in some quarters a somewhat 


1866] TO E. C. STEDMAN SDL 


cynical reputation, because I have always insisted on 
reducing our criticism to a specie standard. If I don’t 
like a thing and there’s otherwise no harm in it, I hold 
my tongue. It’s so hard to say anything that will not 
seem cold to a young author ora young mother! Does 
not the latter (for I will avoid kittle ice) think she has 
(Znow she has) brought into the world a new wonder for 
beauty, genius, goodness? Is not all about it miracu- 
lous? However, your baby is now some three years 
old; and, since you ask me, I will answer frankly that I 
did not like Alektry6én, and don’t think him at all to be 
compared to his sister Alice—a strutting fellow that 
wants to make me believe he can crow in ancient Greek. 
Alice is Christian, modern, American, and that’s why I 
like her. I don’t believe in these modern antiques—no, 
not in Landor, not in Swinburne, not in any of ’em. 
They are all wrong. It’s liké writing Latin verses—the 
material you work in is dead. It’s the difference between 
Chaucer and Gower. You see what I mean—or, at any 
rate, that I have a meaning, which is the main thing. 
It is like these everlasting Venuses our sculptors give 
us. They thrust the right foot forth a little and call it 
atiGreek Slave i :thelettiandilo, acWhite Captives! 
Well, well, I won’t bore you with a sermon; but you 
asked me, and so I answered. If I did not think you 
had better things in you I should have evaded with a 
civil bow. | 

And now for business. I have no doubt, from the 
hints you give me of your purpose, that I shall like 
your paper for the Worth American Review. The one 
you sent me in print I liked. We do not ask that our 


358 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


contributors should always agree with ws—except in 
politics; of course there the Review must be consistent. 
But otherwise—anybody who kas ideas is thrice wel- 
come. The April number is already full, but the soon- 
er you send it the better. 

I shalt be in New York next week if nothing hap- 
pens, and shall hope to see you there. If ever you 
come this way, I shall count on your coming out to 
my Doubting Castle here among the elms. 

Cordially yours, 
J. R. LOwEtt. 


TO LESLIE STEPHEN 
Elmwood, April ro, 1866. 

My dear Stephen,—I am not very good at writing 
letters at any rate, and this is the first one I have sent 
across the Atlantic since our war began. That is now 
five years ago, but so crowded with events that it seems 
hardly yesterday that Sumter was fired on. Montaigne, 
and Byron after him (and both of ’em after Plutarch, 
if I remember), are all wrong in saying that life is 
long in proportion to its eventfulness or the move- 
ment of thought it has forced upon us. On the con- 
trary, I am persuaded that periods of revolution and 
excitement cheat us of half our days; and that a pio- 
neer backwoodsman, who knows no changes of ministry 
but those of the seasons, and whose greatest events 
are the coming into office and falling of the leaves, is 
the only mortal who knows what length of years is, 
It seems to me as if it were only a day or two since I 
parted with you at the corner of the lane, since we 


1866] TO LESLIE STEPHEN 359 


walked together to Beaver Brook, since I told you, as 
we came down the hill on our way home, that I had 
no gift of prophecy, but that I had an zxstzuct that the 
American people would come out of the war stronger 
than ever. I confess I have had an almost invincible 
repugnance to writing again to England. I share 
with the great body of my countrymen in a bitterness 
(half resentment and half regret) which I cannot yet 
get over. I do not mean that, if my heart could be 
taken out after death, Delenda est Anglia would be 
found written on it—for I know what the land we 
sprung from, and which we have not disgraced, is worth 
to freedom and civilization; but I cannot forget the 
insult so readily as I might the injury of the last five 
years. But I love my English friends none the less— 
nay, perhaps the more, because they have been her 
friends, too, who is dearer to me for her trials and for 
the victory which I am sure she will be great enough 
to use gently. There! like a true New-Englander I 
have cleared my conscience, and I can allow a little 
play to my nature. 

First of all, for it is first in my thoughts, I am glad 
to hear that you are coming again. Mrs. Lowell and I 
have always remembered you with an affectionate inter- 
est, and shall feel wronged if you do not come to us 
directly on your arrival and aim at us when you start. 
That is, you must take passage for Boston (which saves 
you five guineas), and then come directly hither with- 
out going to a hotel, where the charges are now worse 
than: ever/.2% 

I was interested in what you told me of the pro- 


360 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


fessorship.* I have heard very little about it, hay- 
ing abstained from English newspapers for these five 
years as strictly as a Pythagorean from beans. They 
need not be frightened, so far as we are concerned. We 
do not want to make Socinians of ’em, poor fellows! 
Their sow shall farrow in spite of the Black Douglas. 
What amused me most was the suggestion that we 
should have sent Mr. Bancroft, of all men in the world! 
Wouldn't you smile if I were to write you seriously that 
I hoped the English Government would not send out 
Roebuck as minister at Washington? Country parsons 
know as little about the other world as about this—and 
one really sees no means they have of knowing even so 
much. I should pity their parishes if they were not 
made up of “ Britishers,” as you persist in thinking that 
we call you. But, seriously, I-doubt if the lectureship 
would have done much good. England can’t like Amer- 
ica, do what she or we will, and I doubt if I could, were 
I an Englishman. But I think the usages of society 
should hold between nations, and see no particular use 
in her taking every opportunity to ¢e// us how disagree- 
able and vulgar we are. What rz/ed me was the quiet 
assumption that we hadn't, couldn’t, and had no right 
to have, a country over here. They seem to forget that 
more than half the people of the North have roots, as I 
have, that run down more than two hundred years deep 
into this new-world soil—that we have not a thought nor 
a hope that is not American—and they may make up 


* A professorship —lectureship, rather—-which Mr. Yates 
Thompson proposed to found at Cambridge for American lect- 
ures. It was, I think, declined by the Senate.—L. S. 


1866] TO LESLIE STEPHEN 361 


their minds that it is not what Mr. Disraeli calls a “ter- 
ritorial democracy,” but democracy itself, that makes 
us strong. If they could only understand that we feel 
like an o/d country over here, and not a sutler’s camp, 
they would be less afraid of any active propagandismy 
of ours. We would not rob you of a single one of your 
valuable institutions—state-church, peerage, pauperage 
—so long as you like ’em and like to pay for’em. We 
really have no use for such things, and you can leave 
your doors unlocked, so faras we are concerned. Jdon't 
understand your English taste for what you call “re- 
spectability ’’ (I should call it “ whitechokerism ”’), think- 
ing, as I do, that the one thing worth striving for in this 
world is a state founded on pure manhood, where ev- 
erybody has a chance given him to better himself, and 
where the less costume and the more reality there is, 
the better. As for “Socinianism,” heavens! we've got 
several centuries ahead of that, some of us, or behind it, 
if you please. Why couldn’t they have said “ Semi-Pe- 
lagianism”’? There isa plesiosaurian word long enough 
to scare onealittle! If you should infect ’em with that, 
’twould be worse than the rinderpest. But, alas, there 
doesn’t seem to be such a thing as an ese/pest!' That 
kind of animal seems to have a prodigious constitution. 
How they do survive everything, wagging their sacred 
ears in the pulpit, sticking their pens behind ’em in the 
Foreign Office (they’re very convenient for that—I mean 
the ears), and never hearing anything through ’em on 
the Bench or in Parliament! Sacred animal, as safe 
from ideas as the laurel from lightning! 

We have one of the breed, I fear, just now for Presi- 


362 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


dent, with all the obstinacy of a weak mind and a strong 
constitution. But I think the people will hold out long- 
er than he, and show how much stronger an united pur- 
pose is than a selfish one. Johnson is really foolish 
enough to think that he can make himself President fora 
second term by uniting in his favor the loyalty of both 
ends of the country. As if the Southern people, whose 
notion of the chase is to hunt loyalists the moment our 
troops are withdrawn (you know their passion for field- 
sports was one of the grounds of sympathy which was 
discovered between you and them), would ever forgive 
him. But I have the same confidence as ever (impudent 
Yankee that I am) in the sense and nerve of the people; 
and as they put down the same combination in the field, 
so they will at the polls, so soon as they understand 
what itmeans. Meanwhile we are gaining time—a great 
thing; the Southerners are learning again to be inter- 
ested in zational politics—a still greater thing ; and mat- 
ters are settling in a natural way, as they should and 
must at last by the necessities of trade and agriculture. 
Mr. Hosea Biglow addresses his constituents on this 
matter in the ay number of the AZ¢lantic Monthly, and 
I should like you to read his speech (especially as it is 
to be his last), if the magazine is to be come at in any 
London reading-room. I would not have you spend a 
shilling for it, nor will I send it, for fear it should cost 
you its weight in gold, after I had paid the postage; 
for the wonders of our international postal system are 
past my finding out. 

We are having an April whimsical beyond the wom- 
anly privilege of April. Last Thursday my thermome- 


1866] TO LESLIE STEPHEN 363 


ter marked 76° of Fahrenheit in the shade, and on Sun- 
day morning there were three inches of snow on the 
ground. But the grass is beginning to green, the lilac 
buds are swelling, and I can hear the chirping of a brood 
of chickens in the cellar as I write. What a blessing is 
the quiet indifference of nature amid all our hurry and 
worry and turmoil! But for that it seems to me as if 
I could never have endured the last five years. How- 
ever, we are all tougher than we think, and have also our 
kind of dogged persistency in living. Our constitutions 
adapt themselves to the slow poison of the world till 
we become mithridatized at last. 

Now remember that your first dinner in America is 
to be eaten with mie, and I only hope you won’t arrive 
on one of those days of household dyspepsia—washing 
or ironing day. But, after all, the real flavor of a din- 
ner is the welcome, and yours will be hearty. You shall 
have a new brier-wood pipe—though I am sorry to say 
that the war has somehow got into the tobacco—and I 
have some excellent materials for the making of night- 
caps, in which there shall be acres of pleasant dreams 
without a single toadstool of headache (and how full- 
grown they do get sometimes in a night!) in their 
whole expansion. 

I am desired by the American Eagle (who is a famil- 
iar of mine caught on the coins of my country) to re- 
quest you to present her compliments to the British 
Lion, and say to him that she does zot (as he seems to 
think) spend a// her time in trying to find a chance to 
pick out his eyes, having vastly more important things 
to occupy her mind about. She really can’t conceive 


364 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


how they can quarrel when “zs place is on the ground 
and ers in the air—a moral on which she begs him to 
meditate. Se doesn't wish to change, having a natural 
fondness for large views. “As for Fenians,” she adds, 
“tell him to spell it Fainéants, as we do over here, and 
he will enjoy his dinner again.” 

Isn’t it lucky that I don’t write often? Like a wom- 
an, I put the main thing in my P.S., which is, that I 
am, with the kindliest recollections, 

Very truly your friend, 
J. R. Lowe... 


TO E. C. STEDMAN 
Elmwood, May 15, 1866. 

My dear Sir,—Pray forgive me a neglect which was 
hardly my fault. Your article was brought to me with 
several other matters from the post while I was in the 
midst of a business which must be done with before a 
fixed day. They were all laid upon my desk, got shuf- 
fled up with an already frightful heap, and when I had 
done my work I forgot all about them—not knowing 
that your paper was among them. Your note gave me 
a shiver. I hunted over my papers, found the article, 
read it, liked it, and shall print it with great pleasure. 
I agree with your general view and with most of the 
individual criticisms so far as I know anything about 
the writers. I found some names I had never heard of 
before—which told me I was growing old—for I used 
to keep pretty well au courant. 1 shall take the liberty 
to make a verbal change here and there, such as I am 
sure you would agree to could we talk the matter over. 


1866] TO E, C, STEDMAN 365 


I think, for example, you speak rather too well of young 
Lytton, whom I regard both as an impostor and an an- 
tinomian heretic. Swinburne I must modify a little, 
as you will see, to make the Review consistent with 
itself. But you need not be afraid of not knowing 
your own child again. 

How comes on the “ Theocritus”’? I feel greatly in- 
terested in your success. I know of no English transla- 
tion that is good for anything—indeed, I have only a 
faint recollection that I ever saw one. I seem to re- 
member (as we Yankees say) a version of Elizabeth’s 
time from which I have somewhere read extracts. The 
work appears to me not only a thing eminently fit to 
be done, but one by which solid reputation may be 
made. It is a rare opportunity, and particularly suited 
to a treatment in English hexameters. Pray don’t neg- 
lect it, and don’t hurry it. As one who has a sincere 
interest in you, will you pardon my saying that I fear 
you improvise a little too much? I have a fancy that 
long brooding is the only thing that will assure us 
whether our eggs are chalk or have a winged life hid- 
den in them. I know very well the exigencies of au- 
thorship—aud inexpertus loguor—and that’s the reason 
I hold up a warning finger. 

I see you have been writing a naughty poem called 
“ Anonyma.” The poem itself I have not seen. I own 
I am a little afraid of the demt-monde, for ’tis the side 
where the devil always has us at an advantage. One 
thing I especially liked in your “ Alice” was its tenden- 
ey. Don't directiyour next letter: tothe: Revie Mral. 
You see a main part of my duty for some years past 


366 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


has been preaching to ingenuous youth, and I fall nat- 
urally into it. F 
With kind remembrances from Mrs. Lowell and my- — 
self to you and Mrs. Stedman, 
I remain very truly yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, July 10, 1866. 

. . . The older I grow the more I am convinced that 
[there] are no satisfactions so deep and so permanent as 
our sympathies with outward nature. I have not said 
just what I meant, for we are thrilled even more by any 
spectacle of human heroism. But the others seem to 
bind our lives together by a more visible and unbroken 
chain of purifying and softening emotion. In this way 
the flowering of the buttercups is always a great and I 
may truly say religious event in my year. But I am 
talking too unguardedly. You know what a deep dis- 
trust I have of the poetical temperament, with its self- 
deceptions, its real unrealities, and its power of some- 
times unblest magic, building its New Jerusalems in a 
sunset cloud rather than in the world of actuality and 
man: & i 

I have been reading lately as vastly as usual and am 
now half through Julian Schmidt’s history of French 
literature since "89. His history of modern German 
literature is the best I know. The one I am reading is 
good also. He is a very masculine critic, of the Lessing 
school, but with the “modern improvements ’’—not so 
original, but drawing his resources from a wider surface. 


1866] TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 367 


I have also been making my way into Lucretius some- 
what. I don’t quite ¢aste him yet, but I see clearly 
that he beats all the Latin poets in poetic beauty of 
phrase. There is obscurely in him an almost Words- 
worthian love of nature. And that reminds me that I 
have been reading again the “ Prelude” and the “ Ex- 
cursion’’ with gushes of intense satisfaction. His poetry 
is like the country he lived in. It’s hard work getting 
to the fine points of view—but, once there, what is 
there like it for breadth of view and a certain more 
ethereal atmosphere that clarifies our senses, as it were, 
and through them our minds? His poetry reminds one 
of the old baronial housekeeping. What splendor and 
what sordidness in one!... 


TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 
Elmwood, Sept. 14, 1866. 

My dear Longfellow,—I should be very glad to come 
down and dine with you at Nahant and especially to 
meet Agassiz, but I am so full of work just now that I 
can fix no day. If I find I can before you come up, I 
will. I am as usual keeping abreast of a steam power- 
press, which has the advantage over brain power that it 
does not get tired and that you have [only] to opena valve 
and it goes of itself—which I find is not the case with 
the brain, though some writers seem to act as if it were. 

I have been writing an introduction to the new “ Big- 
low”’ series, on Yankeeisms and the like, which grew 
under my hands till it will make some sixty pages of 
print, and now I am at work on Mr. Johnson and his 
policy. Oh, these pot-boilers! 


368 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


I thank you heartily for the kind things (just like 
you!) you said to Mrs. Hawthorne about Hawthorne’s 
Life. Of course, I should like to do it very much. 
Whether I can, is another question. I have never tried 
my hand at any such thing, and it will take moreover so 
much time. There are seventeen quartos of “ Diary”’ 
—a splendid mine, to be sure, but consider the amount 
of digging. And Mrs. H. tells me there are few letters. 
If you could ever find time to jot down some of your 
recollections and also the names of anybody you can 
think of likely to know anything, it would be a great 
kindness. 

What an anti-Johnson lecturer we have in Johnson! 
Sumner has been right about the cuss from the first, and 
I was wrong. 

Give kisses to all the childrén for me and bid them 
not forget me. That little procession with the books 
to bid you good-night is one of the sweetest pictures in 


my gallery. 
Always yours, 
t Pel seees 


TO E. L. GODKIN 
Elmwood, Sept. 25, 1866. 

My dear Godkin,—I have had you on my conscience 
these six months, but your paper is so good that I am 
afraid to write for it lest I excite unsavory comparisons 
to my own detriment. I like it altogether. . . . Every 
Friday morning when the WVatzon comes, I fill my pipe 
and read it from beginning to end. Do you do it all 
yourself? Or are there really so many clever men in 
the country? 


1866] TO E. L. GODKIN 369 


I couldn’t answer your note offhand, for I was very 
busy with a hundred pages of proofs to read, but to-day 
I sat down and did what I could to answer (‘“ fill,” I 
think, is the proper word) your order. I fear I have not 
in stock enough of the kind of goods you want. The 
truth is, I feel it more every day that I belong to an 
older generation than you young fellows. I have not 
the journalist’s knack of shunting my mind off upon 
another course at a moment’s warning. My track is a 
single one, I fear, and has too few turn-outs in it. I 
shall have to subside ere long into the “ heavy-father”’ 
parts. My very style belongs to the last century, and 
drops too readily into the sententious and elaborately 
historical manner. You want Spencer rifles, and I send 
you a train of siege guns spiked for action. Believe 
me, I was lively once, and may recover it; but I fear me 
much I have suffered a professor change that has gone 
too deep for healing. I am perfectly conscious of it and 
cannot yet help it. But Iam at work on myself. Fancy 
a fellow whose latest reading is Wordsworth’s prefaces 
and such things (by the latest I mean most modern), and 
who never sees any newspaper but the Daily Adver- 
tiser, undertaking to compete with you youngsters, sup- 
ple with the daily gymnastics of Saturday Reviews, Pall 
Mall Gazettes (do they still exist, or am I pleiocene even 
in this?), and such like marvels of modern intellect! 
I am conscious of the absurdity, that’s one comfort. 

I send you my article, full of these emotions (the 
“ full”? means me, and the sentence should be turned end 
for end, but that is just my clumsiness); cut up, cut 
down, cut out, cut in, turn upside-down or end-wise, trans- 

24 


370 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


pose, dispose, burn if you like, and I shall feel that I 
have deserved it all. ‘Tis not my line. Charles keeps 
me writing political articles for the Worth American Re- 
view, and vows he likes ’em, and I see they’re full of 
faults as Andrew Johnson is of vulgarity. I had some 
rhymes in my head one day about a man with a “ pol- 
icy,” which had a hopeful air about ’em, but I lost ’em 
clean out of my memory while I was hearing my classes 
mistranslate Italian and mispronounce Spanish. 

Nevertheless, try me again. I may do better. No- 
body knows what’s in him till it is knocked out by his 
running against some granite post of necessity. I don’t 
believe even birds sing when they get their fill of worms. 
If they are fasting, they try to drown the clamor of their 
poor little stomachs by those pipings which foolish peo- 
ple are always holding up as an example to poets. We 
follow it a little too faithfully, I admit, and are apt to 
sing the same song over and over again till the public 
gets tired of us. But what then? We are called on for 
so much new milk every day, and is not the cow with 
the iron tail sent by a good Providence for us also? 
Spare the water in your whiskey toddy and be gener- 
ous with it in your articles, is the law of nature for the 
periodical writer. 

Of course, if you print my article, let it be anony. 


MOUS..9 fs 
Cordially yours, 
J. R. LowEtt. 
ONC aan OR DOIN 
Elmwood, Sept. 25, 1866. 
... Lam tired to-night, having to-day corrected the 


1866] TO C. E. NORTON 371 


proofs of twenty-eight pages of Worth American Review 
politics and seventy of my Introduction to the new 
“‘ Biglows’’—for to such outrageous length has the lat- 
ter spun itself out, with only a single lead between the 
lines. I don’t think (to be candid) that either of ’em 
amounts to much except in pages. ... 

. .. I have another calf—I don’t mean to my leg, 
but a bossy. Also I have sold this week $42 worth of 
pig—an old sow and three little piggieninnies. Also I 
have begun faintly to sue a man for my marsh-grass of 
last year. Ashe isan Irishman, I suppose he will set my 
barn afire. Crops are good, except melons, for which 
it has been too cold. Pears we have had plenty and 
good. You feel as if you had done something when 
you offer anybody fruit from a tree you planted twenty 
years ago. I wish I could feel so of my intellectual 
plantations. I have amused myself by stuffing the 
pockets of the printer’s devil with Bartletts and watch- 
ing the expansive effect on his pale-yellow face. He 
looks at me now when he meets me as if I were a man 
and—a great-uncle we'll say. I hope they won’t give 
him the cholera, which has killed, I hear, nine people in 
the Port. And let me tell you something worth telling. 
Dr. Wyman’s brother Rufus heard on his way out of 
town that three people had been left uncared for in a 
house. He jumped off the car, found them, and tended 
them till they died. I shall think better of the eight- 
hour movement so long as I live.* Isn’t it good? As 
good, I think, as going to the war... . 


* Mr. Wyman was an advocate of the movement. 


372 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL. [1866 


TO E. L. GODKIN 
Elmwood, Oct. 19, 1866. 

. . . Isend you a paragraph, which you may insert if 
you like among your skirmishers. Or make one your- 
self on the same topic, which deserves some sort of no- 
TECOMN eee 

I was glad to see some of your correspondents after 
Mr. Moon. He did well enough for Alford, who knew 
even less than himself; but, after all, he was never any- 
thing but green cheese, in whom conceit is naturally 
breeding maggots. I have not seen his article in the 
Round Table, but the notion of his undertaking to joust 
with a doughty old champion like Marsh * is very amus- 
ing. Mr. Marsh’s articles are admirably solid. His 
style is his weak point. It is apt to be what I should 
call “congregational.” But he is much better than 
usual in the /Vatzon thus far. As an editor, I should 
find fault with his articles as being too palpably parts 
of a book. He does not get under way quite rapidly 
enough for a newspaper. But all he says is worth 
reading for its matter.... 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, Oct. 19, 1866. 

. .. L have been working hard, and if my liver will 
let me alone, as it does now, am likely to go on all win- 
ter. And on what do you suppose? I have taken up 
one of the unfinished tales of the “ Nooning,” and it 
srew to a poem of near seven hundred lines! It is 


* The late Hon. George P. Marsh. 


1866] TO C. E. NORTON 373 


mainly descriptive. First, a sketch of the narrator, then 
his “prelude,” then his “tale.” I describe an old inn 
and its landlord, bar-room, etc. It is very homely, but 
right from nature. I have lent it to Child and hope 
he will like it, for if he doesn’t I shall feel discouraged. 
It was very interesting to take up a thread dropt so 
long ago, and curious as a phenomenon of memory to 
find how continuous it had remained in my mind, and 
how I could go on as if I had let it fall only yester- 
Gay ier). 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Oct. 22, 1866, 

... I have not seen the “Life of Percival,” but, oddly 
enough, my fairy-tale (as you will see) turns on the 
weakness of the poetical temperament. You know what 
a contempt I have for it—mixed with pity. It must be 
over-sensitive, or it could not feel all those unnoticed 
nothings which it is its business to record for other peo- 
ple; and this sensitiveness, making it more or less soli- 
tary, makes it also as a necessary consequence egotistic. 
I saw Percival once—sat nearly opposite him at table in 
Madison, Wisconsin—a shabby-looking little man (dirty- 
looking, I had almost said), with a goodish head, but 
no way remarkable. I did not speak with him. He 
had a singular talent for languages, I was told, and I 
think some one showed me some verses of his in Ger- 
man. The Advertiser this morning compares him with 
Goethe, God save the mark! Two men more unlike 
could hardly be found. The Herr Geheimerrath had 
something of that Ben Franklin quality in him which 


374 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


one recognizes also in Shakespeare. In such natures 
the imagination seems to spire up like a Gothic cathe- 
dral over a prodigiously solid crypt of common-sense, 
so that its lightness stands secure on the consciousness 
of an immovable basis, and is logically knit up with it. 
This heavy understanding is the foundation of great 
characters, it seems to me. It is like prudence—a beg- 
garly quality in itself, but without it all other finer ones 
are good for little. ... 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Oct. 25, 1866. 

. My dear boy, I have in my pocket $820 for my 
ee six weeks’ work, and mean for the first time in my 
life to make an investment of money earned!... 

I sent for the “ Life of Percival,” and found it dullish. 
But perhaps I needed some more pungent food in my 
rather dragged-out condition. It is execrably done, to 
be sure. But there is not a gleam of genius in the book, 
and the specifications of his metrification (after his pet- 
rification) are incredibly bad. His mode of life latterly 
was curious—but much as that of a musquash would 
be. A bachelor may do anything. There is no ballast 
like a wife and children. His linguistic tastes interested 
me, but do not astonish me so much as they do his bi- 
ographer, for whoever has been bitten by that gadfly 
knows that there is scarce a monomania so utterly ab- 
sorbing. I call it a monomania when one cannot give 
himself wholly to it. Perhaps I am bitter. But I was 
disappointed, for I thought Percival kad some genius. 
As it is, he strikes me rather as one of the men who 


1866] TO C. E. NORTON 375 


talk about high aims rather than have them. This is 
better than nothing, I grant, for it proves one conscious 
that there are such things. But I think that a man who 
really has them—well, he won’t see his shaft quiver in 
the shield of the sun, maybe, but he will make a long 
shot for all that. In character, Percival seems to have 
been a Coleridge who had some pride of independence, 
a Coleridge with scruples... . 

What first disgusted me with him was the pretended 
attempt at suicide. If he had been in earnest, he would 
never have made himself visible in the orchard in time 
to be antidoted with coffee. It gives a flavor of insin- 
cerity to all the rest that follows. I suppose scarce a 
young man of sensibility ever grew his shell who didn’t, 
during the process, meditate suicide a great many times. 
I remember in ’39 putting a cocked pistol to my fore- 
head—and being afraid to pull the trigger, of which I was 
heartily ashamed, and am still whenever I think of it. 
Had I been in earnest, why, of course, you would never 
have had the incomparable advantage of my friendship. 
But, of course, I was only flattering myself. I am glad 
now that I was too healthy, for it is only your feeble 
Jerusalems that fairly carry the thing out and rid the 
world of what would have been mere nuisances. 

We have been having lately the most marvellous 
moon-clarities (there the French lingo beats us) that 
ever were seen, and my conservative English elms, 
who stick to their old June fashions in spite of frost, 
are enough to take your breath away. If I could make 
a verse that would move people as they do me, I 
should be sure I was a poet. But unhappily I have 
discourse of reason. . . 


376 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1866 


TO E. C. STEDMAN 
Elmwood, Nov. 26, 1866. 


My dear Sir,—I thank you heartily for your remem- 
brance and for the copy of your clever satire,* which I 
had not seen. It is full of good hits and it is a pity 
that you had not gone on, for cresczt eundo is specially 
true of liveliness (where there is any), and it takes a lit- 
tle time for the mind to get limber. I am truly glad 
that you like the new “ Biglow Papers,” and am obliged 
to you for saying so. I have not seen any notices of 
them, and care very little for such things. Indeed, I 
avoid seeing them so far as I can. I have sometimes 
wished that I cared more for the public than I do, but 
itis hard to change a habit of near thirty years; but I 
do like to be liked by my friends, and I hope always to 
reckon you among them. I still keep warm in my heart 
the pleasure which your cordial reception gave me 
last winter in New York. I suppose this series wants 
something of the first-jump (as Montaigne calls it) gay- 
ety and good spirits of the earlier ones, but I think there 
is better stuff in it for all that. If I am less of an im- 
provisator, I hope I am getting to be more of an artist, 
though I miss the crowd of eager fancies that used to 
haunt me night and day. Invention is the faculty which 
ages first, and the material to work in is scanted, while 
the skill to shape it grows. 

Iam trying to grow young again by a dip in the past. 
I have been overhauling my old manuscripts, and hope 


4 


* « A Reconstruction Letter.” 


1866] TO E. C. STEDMAN 377 


to finish some beginnings which have stood still ever 
since I was benumbed by sitting down in a professor’s 
chair. One of these will appear in the January Adlantzc, 
and I wish you to like it. The best parts of it have 
been lying in my desk these fifteen years. This would 
have more than satisfied Horace! As for me, I do not 
find that anything ripens in manuscript like pears in a 
drawer, for I cannot reform what I have once written. 
To carry a thing long in the mind is my recipe. It 
settles and clarifies, and you have only to tap it and 
draw it off the lees. I fancy this is what Horace meant 
after all. 

I have not seen Swinburne’s new volume—but a poem 
or two from it which I have seen shocked me, and I am 
not squeamish. . . . Iam too old to have a painted 
hetaira palmed off on me for a Muse, and I hold un- 
chastity of mind to be worse than that of body. Why 
should a man by choice go down to live in his cellar, 
instead of mounting to those fair upper chambers which 
look towards the sunrise of that Easter which shall greet 
the resurrection of the soul from the body of this death? 
Virginibus puerisque? To be sure! let no man write a 
line that he would not have his daughter read. When 
a man begins to lust after the Muse instead of loving 
her, he may be sure that it is never the Muse that he 
embraces. But I have outlived many heresies, and shall 
outlive this new Adamite one of Swinburne. The true 
Church of poetry is founded on a rock, and I have no 
fear that these smutchy back-doors of hell shall prevail 
alainst Her ys. 

I wish you and Mrs. Stedman would make us a little 


378 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


visit. Why not come at Christmas and warm yourselves 
by our Yule-log? We have a real one still—a good, 
old-fashioned fire of our own wood. Don’t neglect 
Theocritus. It is an excellent thing to do, and to be 
done in hexameters. Mrs. Lowell joins me in cordial 
remembrance to you both, and I remain 
Always truly yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 


Elmwood, Feb. 27, 1867. 

My dear Longfellow,—On looking back, I find that 
our personal intercourse is now of near thirty years’ 
date. It began on your part, in a note acknowledg- 
ing my “Class-poem” much more kindly than it de- 
served. Since then it has ripened into friendship, and 
there has never been a jar between us. If there had 
been, it would certainly have been my fault and not 
yours. Friendship is called the wine of life, and there 
certainly is a stimulus in it that warms and inspires as 
-we grow older. Ours should have some body to have 
kept so long. 

I planned you a little surprise in the Advertiser for 
your birthday breakfast. I hope my nosegay did not 
spoil the flavor of your coffee. It is a hard thing to 
make one that will wholly please, for some flowers will 
not bear to be handled without wilting, and the kind I 
have tried to make a pretty bunch of is of that variety. 
‘But let me hope the best from your kindness, if not 
from their color or perfume. 

In case they should please you (and because there 


1867] TO T. W. HIGGINSON 379 


was one misprint in the Advertiser, and two phrases 
which I have now made more to my mind), I have cop- 
ied them that you might have them in my own hand- 
writing. 

In print, you see, I have omitted the tell-tale ciphers 
—not that there was anything to regret in them, for we 
have a proverbial phrase, “like sixty,” which implies 
not only unabated but extraordinary vigor. 

Wishing you as many happy returns as a wise man 
should desire, I remain always 

Affectionately yours, 
Joke 


TO T. W. HIGGINSON 


Elmwood, March 28, 1867. 

My dear Higginson,— Your criticism™* is perfectly 
just, and I am much obliged to you for it—though I 
might defend myself, I believe, by some constructions 
even looser in some of the Greek choruses. But, on 
the whole, where I have my choice I prefer to make 
sense. The fact is that the “Ode” was written at a 
heat—such a one, indeed, as leaves one colder than com- 
mon afterwards—and I have hardly looked at it since. 
There is a horrible truth in the /ztera scripta manet, and 


* The criticism was, apparently, on the construction of the 
verses in stanza v., which still stand in the poem as follows: 


“Ere yet the sharp, decisive word 
Light the black lips of cannon, and the sword 
Dreams in its easeful sheath.” 


The “Commemoration Ode” was about to be reprinted in the 
Harvard Memortal Biographies, edited by Colonel Higginson. 


380 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


the confounded things make mouths at us when we try 
to alter, but I think z4zs may do: 


“Ere yet the sharp, decisive word 
Redden the cannon’s lips, and while the sword.” 


On looking farther, I find to my intense disgust a verse 
without a mate in the last stanza but one, and I must 
put in a patch. If I had only kept my manuscript! 
We must read, 


“And bid her navies, that so lately hurled 
Their crashing battle, hold their thunders in,” 


or else the poor “world” just below will have no law of 
gravitation to hold itself up by. I know I had some- 
thing better originally, but I can’t get it back.* 

Item, in the eighth please make this change: 


“Virtue treads paths that end not in the grave, 
But through those constellations go 
That shed celestial influence on the brave. 
If life were but to draw this dusty breath 
That doth our wits enslave, 
And with the crowd to hurry to and fro, 
Seeking we know not what, and finding death, 
These did unwisely; but if living be, 
As some are born to know, 
The power to ennoble, and inspire 


* None of the corrections and additions suggested in this let- 
ter were made in the “ Ode” as printed in the Memorzal Biogra- 
pizes. “ Apparently I begged off from them,” Colonel Higgin- 
son writes, ‘or perhaps they were just too late. Some years after- 
wards Lowell wrote me a letter (now lost) saying that he had 
kept no copy, and wished to use them. Apparently they could 
not then be found. One of the emendations [the one to which 
this is a note] he seems to have remembered and used.” 


1867] TO T. W. HIGGINSON 381 


In other souls our brave desire 

For fruit, not leaves, of Time’s immortal tree, 
These truly live, our thought’s essential fire, 
And to the saner,” etc. 


There! I won’t open the book again, or I shall write 
you another ode instead of mending this. But in this 
latter passage the metre wanted limbering a little—it 
was buz/¢t too much with blank-verse bricks—and I think 
I have bettered it, at least to the ear. 

Pray give my kind regards to Mrs. Higginson, and 
tell her I am glad she can find spring azywhere this 
year, though she has to go to the “ Biglow Papers ”’ for 
it. I wrote those verses (nearly all of them) quite twenty 
years ago, and am pleased to think the colors are so 
fast. But beg her not to wash them too hard or they 
may vuz. I think (though in the midst of them I laugh 
at “the catalogue style”) they—the verses—are a lit- 
tle too preraphaelitish, too much like a bill of particu- 
lars. Tempted by her applause, I have just read them 
over, and this is what comes of it in one who has 
to write criticisms every quarter. If I live this life 
much longer, I shall do nothing but profess and re- 
view. 

If your new edition is to be printed here, will you 
order proofs sent me? I wish it could be said some- 
where that the “Ode” is reprinted “by request,” or 
something of the kind. I told Child so before, but he 
said no. It strikes me in the same way now. It looks 
as if J had thrust it in there, a thought that makes me 
red. Why not at the head of it, after the title—“ (re. 


382 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


printed by permission)” ? I don’t wish to give it too 
much importance, but it worries me. 
I hope my house may seem nearer the next time you 
are in Cambridge. I remain 
Very truly yours, 
J. R2LOWEED 


TO THE SAME 
Elmwood, Tuesday. 
My dear Higginson,—Any change in what the ear 
has grown wonted to is at first unpleasing; but you 
shall do as you like with your copy of the “ Ode,” and 
of mine fard altro governo if, when I reprint it in a vol- 
ume, I am as discontent with that passage as now. But, 
print yours as it is and I shall be satisfied. 
Yours very truly, 
J. R. LOWELL, 


TO E. L. GODKIN 
Elmwood, Friday, 1867. 

My dear Godkin,—I send back the proof, which seems 
flat enough now, as they all do, confound ’em! The 
lively pop of the cork has so much power over the imag- 
ination at first! I have not changed it except in strik- 
ing out some of the weakest verses. The truth is one 
can’t. They are like balloons that have snapped the 
cord. We can gaze wistfully after, but cannot overtake 
them. 

The Nation is my weekly refreshment. It is, in my 
judgment, really excellent—so full of good- manners, 
good-sense, and good-writing ; and our journals are com- 


1867] TO C. E. NORTON 383 


monly crammed with crudeness, common-place, and cus- 
sedness! tpva kata Kaxiora (put on the accents your- 
self—I throw you in the Greek). 

I laughed heartily (remembering your honest laugh 
at Shady Hill) over your comments on Child’s (I sup- 
pose) letter anent Alford. ’Tis the curse of an editor 
that he must always be right. Ah, when I’m once out 
of the Worth American Review, won't I kick up my heels 
and be as ignorant as I please! But beware of omni- 
science. There is death in that pot, however it be with 
others. It excites jealousy, to begin with. 

Come on soon again. 

Ever yours truly, 
J. R. Lowe tt. 


TO C. E. NORTON 
Elmwood, June 5, 1867. 

... [This morning Lafarge came to see me, and wants 
to illustrate some of my poems. I was pleased and told 
him so, and read him two or three he had never seen. 
He seemed to like them. If he did not, he owes it to 
your mother, for without her copies I had been harm- 
less. How perennially green we poets are! Pine-trees 
are nothing to us, and they make little poems too, 
that’s what keeps them so. I like Lafarge (are there 
two f’s in his name?) very much. He really thinks, and 
has ideas—a very uncommon man. 

As for myself, I am turned contractor of hammock- 
netting for the orioles, taking my pay in notes. I throw 
strings out of window and they snap them up at once. 
They sit in the cherry-tree hard by and warble “ Hurry 


384 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


up! hurry up!” I never found out before just what 
they said. But if you listen you will find that this is 
what they first say. A vulgarism, I admit, but native. 
They are rather imperious with me. We are having 
just such a spring as I love and as justifies my descrip- 
tion in the “ Biglow Papers,” first coy and then—what 
grass! My mind (or whatever it is: I leave that to you 
who bother yourselves with metaphysics) turns gram- 
inivorous and ruminant. I am promoted to be a cow. 
I wallow in it and know how sweet it tastes. I shall 
give milk one of these days. There never was such a 
season, if one only did not have to lecture and write 
articles. There never zs such a season, and that shows 
what a poet God is. He says the same thing over to us 
so often and always new. Here I’ve been reading the 
same poem for near half a century, and never had a 
notion what the buttercup in the third stanza meant 
before. But I won't tell. I’m going to have it all to 
myself. We are growing like debt. Jack himself would 
have thought well of my beans, and as for pease a cane 
won't answer to measure ’em with. Nothing but a lark 
can beat them. I wish I could be planted every year 
and come up so fresh. Well, we must comfort our- 
selves with St. Paul’s rather one-legged simile, I sup- 
pose. But I shall be happy to rise again after I’m 
planted, as fresh and undiscouraged as a pea.... 


TO THE SAME 

Elmwood, June 27, 1867. 
My dear Charles,—It is raining fast from the north- 
east, and I have three tons of hay out. I cannot do 


1867] TO C. E. NORTON 385 


anything with the weather this summer. It has no 
more consideration for the natural feelings of a prophet 
than the war had for those of Mr. Seward. The latter, 
I see by the papers this morning, has been appealing 
at Hartford to posterity, leaving his fame, like Lord 
Bacon, to distant generations. It is a good precedent, 
and I follow it, leaving the year 1967 to pronounce 
whether, after all the rain we have had, I was not justi- 
fied in putting my scythes into the crop, with entire 
faith that Aquarius had enough to do for some weeks 
in refilling his watering-pot. But the old fellow is bent 
on making up for his culpable laches in those two years 
of drought, when he left us to our pumps for moisture. 

Of other crops I have not much to say. You must 
not expect much from the “ Rousseau.” I am always 
bothered when I try to do anything with old material. 
I never do anything good unless it keep me awake of 
nights, and Rousseau let me sleep to my heart’s dis- 
content. So there will probably be too many adjectives 
in the article. Not that I have ever quite reconciled 
myself to the modern bobtailed style either, which gives 
one the bare thought, like a naked new-born babe, with- 
out a rag of expletive to its back. However, thought is 
a very good thing when you can get it.... 

We have had. Moses and the Prophet here, as the 
papers have told you, and our people behaved just as 
I would have had them. I always thought the Repub- 
licans might have kept Johnson if they had applied to 
him half the soft sodder they are so profuse of to men 
not a whit wiser—like Thad Stevens, forexample. Sum- 
ner invited me to dine with the Prophet, but I could 


~ 


25 


386 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


not make up my mind to go. says he looks like 


a little country attorney. If 1 had said as many hard 


things of him as has, I could not have broken bread 


with him. JI am as willing as most men to allow credit 
for all a man’s good, and I always have for Seward’s; 
but I don’t believe in this diplomatic style with a man 
who is doing public mischief, as if we were so many 
augurs (instead of bores) and there were no such thing 
as Earnest. I confess I “ad a curiosity—but not very 
teasing. . 2". 


TOP ple beiDs « 
Elmwood, June 30, 1867. 

My dear Fields,—The gods have made incision in me 
this morning, and cut out what Dante calls a tumor of 
the mind, which has been pressing on my brain for a 
while. Whether they have made me poetical or not I 
leave to Touchstone and you. Now, you may pitch it 
into the Atlantic forthwith, or, trusting to luck, save it 
for the “Almanac.” ¢ If it go into the latter, I should 
like to have it opposite the directions for the weather— 
“ About this time expect a drought”; or else with this 
epigraph, “ 1st January, Don Pedro Calderon de la Barca, 
b. 1601.” According to one of his Spanish biographers, 
divine Providence made a special effort on this occa- 
sion, and resolved to begin the century and the year 
with a thumping boy. 

Don’t you want me to make your astronomical calcu- 
lations for you? JI could get along very well with an 


* Enclosing his poem, “ The Nightingale in the Study.” 
+ “The Atlantic Almanac,” to be published in the autumn, 


1867] TO J. T. FIELDS 387 


old sextant there is in the garret, and will engage for 
two moons a month if you want ’em, or for an occulta- 
tion as often as Longfellow needs a subject. As for 
tides, every purchaser shall have a high one when he 
wishes to bathe. Whoever buys two copies shall have 
fair weather for his haying. How many sewing-ma- 
chines and grand pianos do you offer as bribes? Fora 
good Chickering, I will engage to take ten copies and 
read them all—though I must confess I don’t generally 
find an almanac very good reading. Mind and have in 
all the old pictures of the signs, and the figure of the 
man (if our modesty will stand it) subject to all the 
skyey influences. Couldn’t I do your anecdotes? Those 
are by far the best part of the “ Old Farmer’s,” and that 
will be your chief rival. Be sure and let Father Time 
on your cover have a scythe and hour-glass twice as 
large as that catch-penny affair fits him out with—for 
yours will cut twice as wide a swath and take twice as 
long to read. Shall you have pictures? I'll engage to 
make you better ones than those in “Sir Launfal” or 
my fairy-tale for half the price. 

You and Mrs. Fields must come down to hear Emer- 
son at Phi Beta. I invite you to dine with the society, 
and am sorry I can’t include Mrs. Fields. An element 
of picturesqueness would be cheering to us poor devils 
who have to make speeches. 

I am in the midst of haying, with a splendid crop. 
Give my distant regards to the mountains and my kind. 
est to Mrs. Fields, and believe me 

Cordially yours, 
J Reg By 


388 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


P. S.—Mr. Gurney (who likes me) has been dining 
with me, and I read him my verses (defore dinner, on my 
honor), and he pronounced them “ exquisite.” What 
would you have more? It is as well known as any 
other fact in science that people always tell poets just 
what they think of their productions. You, my dear 
Fields, always give me a more favorable opinion than 
the stupid public. It shows your taste, and does you 
a vast deal of credit. I am going to write another as 
soon asI can. The possibility of doing this came to 
me like a flash as I was walking out of town last night 
after club. I happened to look up at the stars, and my 
mind was loosened like brooks in spring. I wrote down 
a few stanzas before I went to bed, so as to be sure of 
it, and this morning it slid like sand. Here I am, 
pleased with it, and in a week*goodness knows how flat 
it will seem! But so we are made, and it’s lucky we 
can think well of ourselves for a minute or two. If our 
conceit didn’t make us take pride in the chalk eggs we 
brood so patiently, what would become of us? I ex- 
pect, by return of mail, your affidavit that my poem is 
“ delicious.”” On second thoughts, I believe that was 
Gurney’s word. It beats “exquisite” hollow, and so I 
CHOOSE: iteleyeit. 


TO C..E. NORTON 
Elmwood, July 8, 1867. 
My dear Charles,—The two unenclosed and imagi- 
nary sonnets on which you ask my judgment I find 
much better than those ordinary ones which grossly 
subject themselves to our senses. They are of the 


1867] TO C. E. NORTON 389 


kind that all poets long to write, and which we wish 
most poets had confined themselves to writing. I don’t 
know which I like best. There is something very ten- 
der in the one “To 


”’; but, on the whole, I prefer 
the other, “To O,” which I suppose means annihila- 
tion. The thought is so admirably carried out by the 
expression that one has a feeling of nothingness all 
through. Perhaps this is not wholly original, for I 
think it has been attempted in many other sonnets, 
even in some of Petrarca’s, and with good success, but 
I never knew utter vacancy so well expressed before. 
Of the merits of your translation I cannot so well judge 
till I have seen the originals. Even without that help I 
should conjecturally emend the one “ To , thus: 


Dear is the mistress that hath never been, 
And sweet the music that lies ever hid 

In Fancy’s might-be; grovelling all we did 
To that great act the inner eye had seen 
Give real being to life’s painted scene; 
Priceless the book whereon we have not bid, 
The gift still hidden ’neath the box’s lid, 
The action dormant in its germ serene. 

But what are these, or other shapes of dream, 
To poems never writ, that spare our friends, 
And are so sweet because they only seem ? 
With these the witch Imagination blends 
Her dearest drugs; still unpossessed they gleam, 
And theirs the only charm that never ends. 


Of the one “To O” the version you didn’t send me is 
as exact as need be. 
I cannot find anything in Digby’s* book to your 


* Sir Kenelm Digby’s “Of Bodies and of Man’s Soul.” 


390 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


purpose, though I am glad you set me on looking it 
through again, for I found much entertainment in it as 
well as solace. There are noble strains in it here and 
there, especially the address to his soul, at the end of 
the second treatise. There is something very delightful 
in books written by men who felt so deeply the impor- 
tance of their own personality and mix so much of 
themselves in what they write. Literature was aristo- 
cratic then, and man’s ego was safe from being jostled 
by the mob till it submitted to be lost therein. 

Dante’s system follows Thomas Aquinas pretty close- 
ly, and I can find what you want, I guess, in the notes 
to Philalethes’ version of the “‘ Divine Comedy.” Let 
me know the precise point, and I will make an abstract 
of the notes for you. I have been shut up for these ten 
days by a scald on the leg, or I.would have gone to the 
College Library. That is closed now till after Com- 
mencement. .... 

I have not felt in the mood to do much during 
my imprisonment. One little poem I have written— 
“The Nightingale in the Study.” It is about Calderon, 
and I am inclined to think it pretty; but that kind of 
nonsense is always knocked out of me so soon that I 
may change my mind on reading it over. ’Tis a dia- 
logue between my catbird and me—he calling me out 
of doors, I giving my better reasons for staying within. 
Of course my nightingale is Calderon. The plot, you 
see, isanatural one. I have been reading novels—“ Jane 
Eyre,” among the rest. It was very pleasant to me for 
its inexperience. It is a girl’s dream of a world not yet 
known, or only glimpsed from afar. But there is real 


1867] TO MISS NORTON 391 


power in it, and the descriptions of scenery are the best I 
know, out of Ruskin. I have read over “ Roderick Ran- 


ba i 


dom,” too—an odd contrast—but did not learn any- 
thing new from it. I found I knew Smollett well enough 
before. However, I shall get “ Peregrine Pickle” for 
the sake of Trunnion and Pipes, who are grown very 
dim to me. Fielding’s coarseness belongs to his time, 
Smollett’s is of all time. But there are good sketches 
in him. Then, of course, I have been reading State 
Trials, as I always do when cast away. There is more 
nature in them than in all the novels. ... 


TO MISS NORTON 


Elmwood, July 9, 1867. 

. . . As for me,I am buried alive in the night. Every 
one else is long ago sleeping, and my only living com- 
pany is that of a cricket who keeps up his monoto- 
nous serenade under my window. How shrill and loud 
he sounds in the stillness—so breathless I can hear my 
heart beating, for the sky is making up its mind to 
rain, and the winds have all gathered in their sky-cav- 
erns to plot together. He sings right Ossian—a song 
of the days that are gone. To the cheerfullest tune 
in the world he matches the saddest words. 


‘Sweet are the days while they last! 
But autumn is coming, 
Chilly and numbing ; 
Winter is coming too fast!’ 


I answer: 


“Still there is fuel in plenty 
That burns ever clearer. 


392 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


I will but draw nearer 
The same hearth that warmed me at twenty.” 


He insists: 


“Yes, there’ll be some failing flashes; 
But winter creeps forward, 
Life cants to the norward, 
And soon there’ll be nothing but ashes!” 


He is a very melancholy cricket. I think he has been 
crossed in love, or had something that disagreed with 
him for supper, or written some verses that folks didn’t 
like. It has just begun to rain on him, and I’m glad of 
it. I hope he'll get a thorough ducking, but all the 
waters in heaven can’t wash the nonsense out of a poet, 
as he is. Already he is beginning to weave the rain into 
his verse. 


‘And the rain is too strong for the fire. 
Poor sparks! it is autumn, 
The chill drops have caught ’em, 
And out fizzle hope and desire!” 


And so you wrote to me just to find out if an “ Ember- 
Picture” was mine? Daughter of Eve! Have you 
wagered a pair of gloves on it? You have lost, then. 
Adsum qui fect, me, in me convertite ferrum! That is, 
you turn me to iron of the hardest temper. You, who 
confess that you drove home a wagon-load of laurel, 
with to sweeten it, can spare never a leaf of it 
forme? Your hillsides redden with it (blushing under 
their unmerited bays as poets often might), and you 
deny me a poor sprig? Well, you say “No!” very pret- 
tily and frankly, and that is some comfort. Perhaps it 


1867] TO C. E. NORTON 393 


is even refreshing to have written something you don’t 
like. 

Save me, ye gods, from ever-prosperous lays! 

A dash of kindly censure seasons praise. 


Fed still with sweets, I lose my taste, I doubt; 
The drop of bitter brings the flavor out. 


For all that, I think it rather a pretty picture, or, at any 
rate, the original in my fancy was. But what would 
you have? The Muses are women and give us the 
mitten sometimes. One can’t always have what one 
would. Maybe you'll like my next better. Don’t 
turn off your poor old trouvére because he flats now 
and then. I shall keep trying till I get the key, and 
when I do! Hate all my verses and like me. I shall 
be satished.... 


TO C. E. NORTON 


Elmwood, July 18, 1867. 

.. . Emerson’s oration* was more disjointed than 
usual, even with zm. It began nowhere and ended 
everywhere, and yet, as always with that divine man, 
it left you feeling that something beautiful had passed 
that way—something more beautiful than anything 
else, like the rising and setting of stars. Every possi- 
ble criticism might have been made on it but one—that 
it was not noble. There was a tone in it that awak- 
ened all elevating associations. He boggled, he lost 
his place, he had to put on his glasses; but it was as if 
a creature from some fairer world had lost his way in 


* Before the ®. B. K. Society. 


394 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


our fogs, and it was our fault, not his. It was chaotic, 
but it was all such stuff as stars are made of, and you 
couldn’t help feeling that, if you waited awhile, all 
that was nebulous would be whirled into planets, and 
would assume the mathematical gravity of system. 
All through it I felt something in me that cried “Ha, 
ha, to the sound of the trumpets!” ... 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Sept. 25, 1867. 

...I also have read Littré’s book, but was not so 
much taken with it as you were. It wasa little too “ posi- 
tivist’”’ for me. He gives more than their due to the 
Kelts, and less than their due to the Germans, it seems to 
me. Astothe Romans, Fauriel.is better. You have read 
him and will know what I mean. I was a little tired, 
too, with his repetitions. He reprinted his essays with- 
out digesting them, and says the same thing a dozen 
times over. You will smile, perhaps, but / brightened 
up when I came to his discussions of old French tow- 
ards the end. TZsere he is really somebody, and knows 
what he is talking about. But as for the Kelts, there 
is no early French literature of any value in which the 
Teutonic blood did not supply the fond. The history 
of the language proves it, if nothing else did. Mind, I 
don’t mean that I don’t like Littré, for I do thorough- 
ly. But I like Man better than I do any special va- 
riety of man—and I think the Keltic variety one of the 
poorest. 

The papers say I am to publish a volume of poems 


1867] TO J. B. THAYER 395 


this autumn, and I think I shall. But they seem so 
poor when I come to look them over! What can I do? 
They have all been printed, and I must stand up to my 
“record,” as the politicians call it. At least I mean 
well in the dedication. So you must take them as my 
mother used to take the little nosegays I brought her 
from the fields—whiteweed and succory and blue-eyed 
grass, with here and there a less common mimosa inter- 
mixed—and yet with the one merit of being at least 
home-grown and native in the main. 

I begin my annual dissatisfaction of lecturing next 
Wednesday. I cannot get used to it. All my night- 
mares are of lecturing. But still I grow stouter.... 


TO JAMES B. THAYER 


Elmwood, Sunday Evening, Oct., 1867. 

... Lhe review does not change my opinion of Mr. 
Longfellow’s translation—not as the best possible, by 
any means, but as the best probable. The fault I should 
find with the criticism is one whereof the author seems 
to be conscious himself—at least in some measure. It 
is laid out on too large a scale. His portico is as much 
too large as that of our Boston Court-House. It seems 
rather an attempt to show how much the critic knows 
(and I am heartily glad to find an American who knows 
so much) than to demonstrate the defects of the trans- 
lation. (N. B. My faith in him is a little shaken by 
what he says of Philalethes, whose notes are excellent, 
but his version Dutch to the last ditch. Blanc also isa 
very dull fellow. His ‘“ Vocabolario,” barring some ety- 


396 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1867 


mological blunders, is valuable, though to a knower of 
Dante chiefly as an index, but his comment as void of 
insight as Bentley’s on Milton.) Nobody who is intimate 
with the original will find any translation of the “ Divine 
Comedy ’”’ more refreshing than cods. Has not Dante him- 
self told us that no poetry can be translated? But, after 
all is said, I think Mr. Longfellow’s the best thus far, as 
being the most accurate. It is to be looked on, I think, 
as measured prose—like our version of Job, for example, 
though without that mastery of measure in which our 
Bible translators are unmatched except by Milton. I 
mean where they are at their best, as in Job, the songs of 
Deborah and Barak, the death of Sisera, and some parts 
of the Psalms. Mr. Longfellow is not a scholar in the 
German sense of the word—that is to say, he is no ped- 
ant; but he certainly zs a scholar in another and perhaps 
a higher sense; I mean in range of acquirement and the 
flavor that comes of it. I agree with the critic that he 
should not have cited prose translations of Homer and 
Virgil; but I should not say with the critic that the 
‘Mantuan could be rendered in Scott’s measures, nor, I 
am sure, would Dante have heard it said without in- 
dignation. Wordsworth’s ‘ Laodamia,” with its rem- 
iniscences of the sixth book, comes nearer the Maronian 
march. 

But I am heartily glad to find so enthusiastic a stu- 
dent of the poet cht sovra glt altri come aquila vola, 
and have to thank him for giving me the names of two 
books on Dante which I do not yet possess and with 
which I shall hasten to supply myself. What he says 
of the poet as an Italian is true and striking. Yet he 


1868] TO J. T. FIELDS 397 


was a Ghibelline for all that—just as our Democrats 
are the firmest believers in the One Man power. 


I remain 
Very cordially yours, 
J. R. Lowe... 


TO Jd Te ELELDS 


Elmwood, Oct. 31, 1867. 

. . . What a loss we all have in Governor Andrew! 
So good a man is rare anywhere, so upright a politician 
especially rare. His jolly courage and good-humored 
firmness made a combination we shall not see again, I 
_ fear, in our day. And let them say what they would 
of the rhetoric of his speeches; you felt a heart beating 
all through them, which, after all, is better than all the 
rules in Blair and Whately. God comfort his wife! 
One of these days the memory of her husband will be 
her best consolation, as it is now her keenest grief. But 
where shall we find another unselfish public man’... 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, Tuesday Night, 1868. 

... The trouble with the “ Flying Dutchman” is not 
in what I left out, but in what I couldn’t get in. Let 
us be honest with each other, my dear Lorenzo de’ Me- 
dici, if we can’t be with anybody else. The conception 
of the verses is good; the verses are bad. I ought not 
to have taken your check, but I should not have been 
true to my guild else. As for putting back what was 
in the first copy—the said first copy went up my chim- 
ney Sunday afternoon, as airy and sparkling a poem 


398 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1868 


as I meant it to be when it came first into my head. If 
I could recover it with the fervor of the flame and the 
grace of the smoke still in it! That’s the kind of thing 
we dream of—the copy you have is the kind of thing we 
do. ‘The fact is, it did not begin itself right, and I was 
thenceforth the prisoner of-the lilt to whose tune my 
brain had begun to—I won’t say dance, but—march to 
the galleys. But there isa month yet. Let me forget 
it, and perhaps I can do it again better. If not, I have 
the germ of a little prose essay in my head, which I 
think will more than take its place if all goes well. 

One third of the new volume is already in type! I 
can’t make out whether the author is a poet (though he 
would like to be); but I have got so far as to think hum- 
bly that he is not altogether an ass, at any rate—which is 
reasonably consoling, as this world goes. I think, in- 
stead of a preface (which we agree about), I might put 
a note in brackets on the back of the dedicatory page, 
saying in a few words what I wish. 

My heart was almost broken yesterday by seeing 
nailed to my willow a board with these words on it, 
“These trees for sale.” The wretch is going to peddle 
them for firewood! If I had the money, I would buy 
the piece of ground they stand on to save them—the 
dear friends of a lifetime. They would be a loss to 
the town. But what can one do? They belong toa 
man who values them by the cord. I wish Fenn had 
sketched them at least. One of them I hope will stand 
a few years yet in my poem—but he might just as 
well have outlasted me and my works, making his own 
green ode every summer. 


1868] TO JAMES T. FIELDS 399 


Well, this is a free country! Hurrah for Banks and 
Renter. is 


TO THE SAME 


Elmwood, March 5 (O. S., Feb. 22), 1868. 

My dear Fields,—You know that there is a very con- 
siderable party in the world, headed by the Pope—that 
pagan full of pride—who would cure all our ills by sim- 
ply putting the world back, and this feat they would 
accomplish by putting back the hands of the clock. 
When I got home last night and reflected on the inde- 
cency of which I had been guilty in not answering your 
note, I was struck with the simplicity of this plan, and 
especially with its adaptation to a difficulty like that in 
which I found myself. I at first thought of lengthen- 
ing the pendulum of my clock and waiting patiently 
till it should have Jost tame enough to carry me back 
to where I wished to be. But, on mature reflection, I 
found a swifter solution of my problem. I remembered 
that the Russians, a highly respectable and friendly na- 
tion, still adhered to the Old Style in their computation 
of time, thus always having twelve more days in their 
pockets than those spendthrift people who had allowed 
themselves to be cheated by the Pope out of that pre- 
cious advantage. By our purchase of Alaska, I think, we 
are entitled to share in this benefit of calendar. On this 
computation, I have not yet received, and shall not [re- 
ceive] for a couple of days yet, the note you were so kind 
as to be going to write me day after to-morrow, 24th Feb., 
O.S. Provided I ever get it (for you may change your 
mind), I shall be very happy to come; but I will never 


400 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1868 


join in a conspiracy to cheat Longfellow out of near a 
fortnight of his days—a very serious matter at sixty- 
one. If you should be going to send me also some 
tickets for Dickens’s readings of the 24th, 25th, 26th, 
and 28th Feb., as you kindly hint, I shall be extremely 
obliged to you. There can be no greater privilege than 
to hear a man of genius interpret his own creations. 
And a very delightful man of genius he is—simple, 
sweet, and natural—and so used to being a lion that he 
might lie down with Charles Lamb without scaring 
him. If Britannia could always have ruled her waves 
as quietly as he does, there would have been a kind- 
lier feeling between us and her—I mean her and us, 
saving her presence. 

I concluded a treaty with Mrs. Fields on Saturday, 
by the terms of which you are to come and eat roast 
pig with us so soon as the fitting time for the feast of 
those innocents shall arrive, which will be in about three 
weeks. I have a lovely brood, whose tails curl with 
eagerness for martyrdom, and who will be as tender as 


young missionaries. ... 


March, 1868. 


Fragment of a Pindarique Ode in the manner of the late 
divine Mr. Abraham Cowley: 


TO THE SAME 


Come, oh, my Fields, 
Leaving the city (with ill authors vext) 
(= At half past two on Thursday next, 
Come, try what sweets the Country yields; 
Come and eat Pigge! 
For, such the swelling nature 


1868] TO T. W. PARSONS 401 


Of that delicious creature, 
That ere another week he’ll be too bigge. 
Come, and bring Her with you 
By whose fair presence graced 
An Irish Stew, 
Nay, 2 meer emptie board, were an imperial feast. 


Here I am interrupted—but you shall have the rest 
by instalments. But come on Thursday at ¥% past 2, 
with Mrs. Fields. 

Believe me ever yours, 
TOR MLOWELE 


TO. Te WwW. PARSONS 


Elmwood, July 1, 1868. 

My dear Parsons,—I seem ungrateful, but when your 
letter came I was grubbing away at an article for the 
North American, and forgot my answer, though not 
your friendship. Whether praise be agreeable or not 
depends, you know, on where it comes from, and yours 
is always precious to me. The first bay-leaf I ever got 
that I valued was the poem you wrote to me ever so 
long ago. 

The poem of mine which you liked had at least so 
much right to it that it was the natural expression of a 
real feeling. Something more than half of it was writ- 
ten more than twenty years ago, on the death of our 
eldest daughter; but when I came to complete it that 
other death, which broke my life in two, would come in 
against my will, so that you were right in your surmise. 
I was very glad you liked it, and your letter touched 
me deeply, as you may well conceive. 

26 


402 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1868 


I guess your sister is half right in her criticisms on 
my ‘“Idyl’’; but if we poor poets were tied down to 
saying only just what was necessary on a subject (so 
garrulous as reverie is apt to be), what would become 
of us? Tell her there is no absolute xecessity for peo- 
ple writing accounts of days in the country—they don’t 
affect the price of stocks—though when they are as 
lively as hers I don’t wish them shorter. 

I hope you are at work upon your Dante, and that 
you will give us the Purgatorio before long. Pray let, 
us see you here the next time you are at Cambridge. 

Always affectionately yours, 
J. R. LOWELL. 


TO H. W. LONGFELLOW 
Elmwood, July 23, 1868. 

My dear Longfellow,— ... Pleasure afterwards: Of 
course the Club follow your triumphal progress in Eng- 
land with pride and sympathy. They share the tri- 
umph, and are willing not to partake the gale, which, I 
should think, must endanger your hat now and then. 
Still, it must be delightful on the whole, and I am glad 
you went over to gather your laurels. Your children 
must be proud, if you are not. Let me send you a sin- 
gle leaf. Yesterday I was at Rogers’s buying a pair 
of shoes. After speaking of you in a way that warmed 
my heart to him, he went on: “ But I have a feeling of 
deep personal obligation to Mr. Longfellow. When Iwas 
in a state of deep depression, such as I never experienced 
before or since, when everything looked dark and no 
chance of light, my daughter sat down by my bedside 


1868 ] TO W. D. HOWELLS 4.03 


and read ‘Evangeline’ to me, then just published. 
That gave me my first comfort, and sent light into my 
soul.” That is almost literally what he said, and I con- 
fess I thought it a tribute worth more than most. 

We have been going through our usual Commence- 
ment tediums during the hottest weather ever known. 
My thermometer stood at 99°. And now we are in our 
fourth week of drought. The town is very empty to 
me, with you and the Nortons gone. Almost the only 
houses I ever entered are closed and dark. Of course 
there is no news. I am drudging away as usual, and 
contrive to make my bricks hold together now and 
then without straw. But I wish I were on that side. 


“T see you walking in an air of glory 
Whose light doth trample on my days.” 


We, meanwhile, are to go through the agonies of a Pres- 
idential election. Well, we are alive, at any rate. 
With kindest remembrances to all the children and 


Appleton, 
I am always affectionately, 


Jarek 


TO W. D. HOWELLS 
Elmwood, July 27, 1868. 

. .. I have not yet had time to read through Mr. Pi- 
att’s volume, but I have already found so much to like 
in it that I think I can write a notice likely to please, if 
not to serve, him. His poems are so much better than 
the common run of our versifying. The sentiment of 
them seems to me very tender of tone, though some- 


404 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1868 


times the expression is not quite up to the level of the 
sentiment, and often fails for want of clearness. Couldn't 
you print one of his pieces? You must sometimes have 
admitted worse. However, you are the best judge. 

I read your article on Curtis * with great pleasure. 
It is a most delicate piece of writing—as, indeed, I find 
all that you do. This seemed to me remarkable for its 
nice turns, even for you.... 


TO MISS NORTON 
Sept. 4, 1868. 

. . . | have been making several little excursions this 
vacation. To Concord, J. H. and I went to visit Judge 
Hoar, where we spent a couple of nights. To Newbury- 
port, to see Charles Storey, and stayed also two nights. 
Thence we drove to Amesbury-and called on Whittier, 
who piloted us to a fine bluff over the Merrimac, whence 
there was a lovely view. After that I went down to 
Shelter Island, where I stayed nearly a week with the 
Lanes, and had a very pleasant time sailing, fishing, and 
lazing about. I should like to lie under a tree for a 
year, with no other industry than to watch the dapples 
of sunlight on the grass... . 


TO J. T. FIELDS 


Elmwood, Sept. 7, 1868. 
My dear Fields,— . . . Pray who wrote the article on 
Hawthorne in the last Atlantic? A woman, I think.t 


* Inthe North American Review. 
+ The article was by Miss Elizabeth P. Peabody, the sister-in- 
law of Hawthorne. 


1868] TO J. T. FIELDS 405 


I found it very interesting, and, on the whole, the most 
adequate thing about Hawthorne. I have seen, though 
a little clumsy here and there. But if was good, and I 
love to see him praised as he deserves. I don’t think 
people have any kind of true notion yet what a master 
he was, God rest his soul! Shakespeare, I am sure, was 
glad to see him on the other side. 

I wish I could do what you ask for the Atlantic. 
Your offer is generous, but what could I do? My brain 
is a disenchanted Fortunatus purse, which I turn up- 
side down and shake in vain. I am getting fat and 
dull. I thank you all the same, but I find fairy-money 
no longer. Sometimes I think I mzgft, but who knows? 
We are all so conceited!... 


gee 


on 


PCE ele hg pele: 
." DS ESE « 


tL 


° el 
Pade * 


ae 


; 


fe 
a 
ay 


APPENDIX 


LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN 


London, Feb. 11, 1892. 

My dear Norton,—I send you, as I promised, a few 
notes relating to our friend Lowell. You are, of course, 
at liberty to make any use of them you please. I will 
only say that I do not even attempt to draw a com- 
plete likeness of the man. At the most, I hope to 
suggest a few characteristics which I happened to have 
opportunities of observing. 

I first saw Lowell in 1863. The date is sufficiently 
fixed by the fact that I had just landed at Boston and 
there received the news of the battle of Gettysburg 
and the taking of Vicksburg—events which had taken 
place during my voyage. Lowell’s name was already 
familiar to me. By some accident, I had come across 
the “ Biglow Papers” before I went to college. I knew 
absolutely nothing of American politics; but, in spite 
of the consequent obscurity of many of the allusions, I 
had been fascinated by the humors of John P. Robin- 
son and Birdofredum Sawin. In 1863, I had become a 
young Cambridge “don” of the radical persuasion, and 
was profoundly interested in the American Civil War. 
I began to appreciate a little more clearly the spirit and 


408 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1892 


purpose of Lowell’s poems; and when, in that year, I 
resolved to see something of America for myself, I was 
unusually eager to make his acquaintance. A letter of 
introduction opened the doors of Elmwood, and in a 
very short time I felt myself surprisingly at home in a 
new atmosphere. I know that Iam boasting by implica- 
tion; but I am not ashamed in this case to boast implic- 
itly. I feel a greater respect for myself when I remem- 
ber that I was able to win Lowell’s friendship so rapidly. 
I will not attempt to decide what it was that he found in 
me. What I found in him is more to the purpose. 

At first sight I found a singularly complete specimen 
of the literary recluse. I remember, with a curious 
vividness, the chairs in which we sat by the fireplace in 
the study. I look at the dedication of ‘ Under the 
Willows,” and feel that I, too, have heard his “ Elm- 
wood chimneys’ deep-throated roar,” and, indeed, can al- 
most hear it still. I need hardly add that we worshipped 


‘‘ Nicotia, dearer to the Muse 
Than all the grape’s bewildering juice.” 


All round us were the crowded book-shelves, whose 
appearance showed them to be the companions of the 
true literary workman, not of the mere dilettante or 
fancy biographer. Their ragged bindings, and thumbed 
pages scored with frequent pencil-marks, implied that. 
they were a student’s tools, not mere ornamental play- 
things. He would sit among his books, pipe in mouth, 
a book in hand, hour after hour; and I was soon inti- 
mate enough to sit by him and enjoy intervals of si- 
lence as well as periods of discussion and always de- 


1892] LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN 409 


lightful talk. I feel as though I could still walk up 
to the shelves and put my hand upon any of the books 
which served as texts or perhaps as mere accidental 
starting-places for innumerable discussions. One book 
which I always associate with Elmwood is the “State 
Trials,’ into which I first dipped under his guidance. 
Sometimes it gave him the delight of discovering a 
so-called Americanism already familiar in the vernac- 
ular of undoubted seventeenth-century Britons; or it 
suggested quaint and graphic vignettes from the old 
English country life, or restored to momentary utility 
some forgotten humorist whose pleasantries lie buried 
in evidence given before Coke or Jeffries. The great 
lights of literature were there too, of course, and would 
suggest occasional flashes of the playful or penetrative 
criticism which is so charming in his writings, and 
which was yet more charming as it came quick from the 
brain. Or he would look from his “study windows”’ 
and dwell lovingly upon the beauties of the American 
elm or the gambols of the gray squirrel on his lawn. 
When I was last at Elmwood, in 1890, the sight of 
these squirrels (or their descendants) took me back 
twenty-seven years at a bound, and I was pleased to find 
how dear was the vision of the old days. 

To see Lowell in his home and the home of his father, 
was to realize more distinctly what is indeed plain enough 
in all his books, how deeply he had struck his roots into 
his native earth. Cosmopolitan as he was in knowledge, 
with the literature not only of England but of France 
and Italy at his fingers’ ends, the genuine Yankee, the 
Hosea Biglow, was never far below the surface. No 


410 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1892 


stay-at-home Englishman of an older generation, buried 
in some country corner, in an ancestral mansion, and 
steeped to the lips in old-world creeds, could have 
been more thoroughly racy of the soil. And, at this 
period, his patriotism was of course at a white heat. 
The language of the most widely known English news- 
papers at the time could hardly have been more skil- 
fully framed for the purpose of irritating Lowell if it 
had been consciously designed with that end. A man 
proud of belonging to a genuine national stock, sprung 
from the best blood of old England, was virtually told 
that the Americans had no right to be a nation at 
all, but were a mere mob accidentally aggregated by 
a loose bond of contiguity, moved by no nobler motive 
than dollar-worship, and governed, on the whole, by 
blackguards. Lowell has expreSsed his feelings in some 
well-known writings far better than I could do. I re- 
member, however, one illustration of them which im- 
pressed me at the time. 

He showed me the photograph of a young man in 
the uniform of the United States army, and asked me 
whether I thought that that lad looked like a “ black- 
guard”? On my giving the obvious reply, he told me 
that the portrait represented one of the nephews whom 
he had lost in the war. Not long afterwards I read 
his verses in the second series of ‘ Biglow Papers,” the 
most pathetic, I think, that he ever wrote, in which he 
speaks of the “three likely lads,” 


“Whose comin’ step ther’ ’s ears thet won’t 
No, not lifelong, leave off awaitin’.” 


} 
{ 


1892] LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN 4II 


Any sympathetic reader of them will understand bet- 
ter than I can describe what was the mood in which 
I first found Lowell and what was the secret of his 
attraction. His thorough scholarship and his wide 
reading, the brilliancy of his wit and the shrewdness 
of his observation, would in any case have been inter- 
esting, but they might have been very far from agree- 
able. His patriotism was then in a highly aggressive 
state; and though I do not own to especial sensitive- 
ness in that direction, I am not sure that he did not 
tell me some home-truths, not altogether agreeable, 
about John Bull. But then I must have been dull 
indeed not to see what his patriotism really meant. 
It was not the belief that the country which had pro- 
duced him must be the first in the world; or that the 
opinions which he happened to have imbibed in his 
childhood must be obviously true to every one but 
fools; or a simple disposition to brag, engendered out 
of sheer personal vanity by a thirst for popularity. It 
was clearly the passion which is developed in a pure 
and noble nature with strong domestic affections; 
which loves all that is best in the little circle of home 
and early surroundings; which recognizes spontaneously 
in later years the higher elements of the national 
life; and which, if it lead to some erroneous beliefs, 
never learns to overlook or to estimate too lightly the 
weaker and baser tendencies of a people. Most faiths, 
I fear, are favorable to some illusions, and I will not 
suggest that Lowell had none about his countrymen. 
But such illusions are at worst the infirmity of a noble 
mind, and Lowell’s ardent belief in his nation was, to 


412 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1892 


an outsider, a revelation of greatness both in the ob- 
ject of his affections and in the man who could feel 
them. I could realize more clearly after knowing 
Lowell the great national qualities which could call 
forth such a devotion, and could value him for ap- 
preciating them so profoundly. The “ Commemora- 
tion Ode,” with the fine passage upon the necessity 
of the poet “keeping measure with his people,” ex- 
plains all this far better than any clumsy analysis of 
mine. 

At that time, when the passions roused by the war 
were at their height, and every day brought news to 
make patriots’ nerves quiver, I had naturally opportu- 
nities to see Lowell’s true feeling and to admire his 
profound faith in the success of the good cause. Any- 
how, I made a friend for life:’ I have always remem- 
bered how, when I was taking my final leave, he walked 
with me to the corner where his avenue joins the high- 
road, and how we parted with a cordial shake of the 
hands. It seemed to me to bea kind of seal put upon 
a bond which, as it turned out, was to last as long as 
he lived. I was greatly pleased to find more than one 
reference to that little incident in letters written to 
me long afterwards, and we spoke of it when I last 
saw him in Cambridge, in 1890. We were to meet 
again oftener than I had hoped. As years went on 
my affection strengthened, and during our whole inter- 
course I never had to regret a word that passed be- 
tween us, or to feel that there was a temporary abate- 
ment of his kindness. 

I was again in America in 1868, and stayed at Elm- 


1892] LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN 413 


wood under circumstances which gave me additional 
reasons for gratitude. 

Our later meetings (except the last) were upon this 
side of the water. After he had become minister in 
England we met as frequently as was possible in Lon- 
don; and for several successive summers he paid me 
a visit at St. Ives, in Cornwall, and, I need not say, 
was the most welcome of visitors. It often amused 
me to contrast the Lowell of Elmwood with the Lowell 
of London society. The contrast, indeed, was in the 
purely outward circumstances. In his quiet New Eng- 
land home day after day passed with no interruption 
to study, so far as I could see, except the occasional 
intercourse with his cherished friends. In London his 
remarkable popularity left him very little time for any- 
thing. I need not speak of his singular success in so- 
cial functions of all kinds, and especially in after-dinner 
oratory. If he had been studying all his life to hit off 
the taste of an English audience, he could not have 
done it better. But I speak rather from concurrent 
testimony and newspaper reports than from my own 
knowledge. My own occupations scarcely ever led me 
to the places where he won his social triumphs, and I 
only once heard him speak. It was my great pleasure 
to fill up some of his interstices of leisure by dropping 
in for a pipe and a chat at his house or welcoming him 
at my own. Even in the height of his occupation as 
minister, there were always a few of his literary favor- 
ites resting in pleasant disorder upon tables and chairs, 
and waiting for a brief audience. An interview with 
Cervantes or Montaigne afforded, I imagine, a very 


ATA LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1892 


pleasant contrast to some of the conversations with 
which he was favored. 

Our pleasantest meetings, perhaps, were in the quiet 
little country retirement where there was no danger of 
interruption from the outside world. No man, I need 
hardly say, had in a higher degree the capacity, not al- 
together a common one according to my experience, of 
thoroughly and heartily enjoying country scenery. In 
Cornwall we had the advantage of being in a granite 
country, which so far has a certain affinity to his native 
State. Every year we paid a visit to the Land’s End. 
He confirmed my rooted belief that it is one of the most 
beautiful headlands in the world. He admitted that 
our Cornish Sea can be as blue as the Mediterranean, to 
which in other respects it has an obvious superiority. I 
argued, indeed, that one main charm of the Land’s End 
to him was that nothing intervened between it and Mas- 
sachusetts. Be that as it may, he showed the most 
commendable appreciation of its charms. Hereditary 
instincts, he declared, enabled him to appreciate our 
English scenery; he always had a good word for our 
climate, for the soft mists and haze which impress your 
real foreigner unfavorably, and he could see the good 
side even of a London fog. Then he loved the British 
blackbirds and robins for their own sakes as for their 
connection with the old English poets. There is a 
rocky perch or two, from which we look over the At- 
lantic, which will always be associated in my mind with 
strolls in Lowell’s company. But to give any impres- 
sion of the charm of his talk on such occasions, I must 
again refer to his own works. They are himself, ex- 


1892] LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN 435 


cept, indeed, that no author whom I have known can 
quite put all his charm into his books. 

No friend of Lowell’s could, I fancy, stoop to vin- 
dicate him from the charge of having allowed his pa- 
triotic feelings to be in any degree blunted by the 
cajolery of the British aristocracy or other evil-dis- 
posed persons. But some such random bit of party 
dirt-throwing incidentally suggested one remark to me. 
He was one of those men of whom it might be safely 
said, not that they were unspoiled by popularity or 
flattery, but that it was inconceivable that they should 
be spoiled. He offered no assailable point to tempta- 
tions of that kind. For it was singularly true of him, 
as I take it to be generally true of men of the really 
poetical temperament, that the child in him was never 
suppressed. He retained the most transparent sim- 
plicity to the end. If he had any vanity, it was of 
the inoffensive kind, which goes with an utter absence 
of affectation. He knew, I presume, that he could 
make a good speech and be pleasant in conversation. 
The fact was a great deal too obvious to be ignored. 
But his good things came up as spontaneously as bub- 
bles in a spring. He was never acting a part or claim- 
ing any more attention than came to him naturally. 
He was quite as good at listening as at talking. Any 
little vanity that came up seemed to be the delight of a 
genuine humorist in some pet fancy of his own. There 
were little matters on which he could not help sup- 
posing that nature must have endowed him with ab- 
normal penetration. There was, for example, his as- 
tonishing faculty for the detection of Jews. He was 


416 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1892 
so delighted with his ingenuity in discovering that 
everybody was in some way descended from the Jews 
because he had some Jewish feature, or a Jewish name, 
or a Gentile name such as the Jews were in the habit 
of assuming, or because he was connected with one of 
the departments of business or the geographical re- 
gions in which Jews are generally to be found, that it 
was scarcely possible to mention any distinguished 
man who could not be conclusively proved to be con- 
nected with the chosen race. The logic sometimes 
seemed to his hearers to have trifling defects; but 
that was all the greater proof of a sagacity which 
could dispense with strict methods of proof. To say 
the truth, this was the only subject upon which I could 
conceive Lowell approaching within measurable dis- 
tance of boring. I remember once showing some traces, 
very obscure, I flatter myself, of some slight sense that 
I had heard enough of the subject, and becoming im- 
mediately aware of his awkward power of penetrating 
one’s obscurer feelings. His perceptions of his com- 
panion’s feelings were indeed so acute that he was 
naturally secure of never becoming tiresome. Of the 
qualities that make an agreeable companion, certainly 
one of the chief is an intuitive perception of the im- 
pression you are making. Lowell was so quick at 
knowing what were the dangerous topics, that I do 
not think he could ever have given pain unless he felt 
it to be a duty. Probably an offence to his patriotic 
sensibilities would have led to a retort, and he had 
powers of sarcasm which one could not have roused 
with impunity. I only remember one friend who com- 


1892] LETTER OF LESLIE STEPHEN 417 


plained to me of rough usage. That friend was not 
only one of the most good-tempered, but one of the 
most cosmopolitan of men, and especially free from 
any excess of British sensibility. But somehow or 
other the British lion and the American eagle had 
been waked to life in the encounter and must have 
used their claws pretty freely. No such personal ex- 
perience ever occurred to me. 

Lowell's presence in the too short periods when he 
was an inmate of my family was invariably unmixed 
sunshine. Though he did not set up like some excel- 
lent people as a child-fancier, he was as delightful with 
children as with adults, and entered into their simple 
pleasures with all his ineradicable boyishness. As I 
try to call back the old days, I feel the inadequacy of 
attempted description, and the difficulty of remember- 
ing the trifling incidents which might speak more for- 
cibly than general phrases. But I have one strong 
impression which I can try to put into words. It is 
not of his humor or his keen literary sense, but of his 
unvarying sweetness and simplicity. I have seen him 
in great sorrow, and in the most unreserved domestic 
intimacy. The dominant impression was always the 
same, of unmixed kindliness and thorough wholesome- 
ness of nature. There did not seem to be a drop of 
bitterness in his composition. There was plenty of 
virtuous indignation on occasion, but he could not 
help being tolerant even towards antagonists. He 
seemed to be always full of cordial good-will, and his 
intellectual power was used not to wound nor to filat- 
ter, but just to let you know directly on occasion, or 


mat 


418 LETTERS OF JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL [1892 


generally through some ingenious veil of subtle re- 
serve, how quick and tender were his sympathies, and 
how true his sense of all that was best and noblest in 
his surroundings. That was the Lowell whom I and 
mine knew and loved; and I think I may say that 
those to whom he is only known by his books need 
not look far to discover that the same Lowell is every- 
where present in them. 
Yours affectionately, 
LESLIE STEPHEN. 


END OF VOL. I 


— SSS 


a Sy 


ae 
“4 
ae 


aa 


_ mm 


6719 


