LIBRARY  OF  CONGRESS 


0001fl310Tfl3 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 
in  2011  with  funding  from 
The  Library  of  Congress 


http://www.archive.org/details/lifelettersofbayOOtayl 


From  a  photograph  by  Gatekunst,  taken  in  1878. 


TO  THE   READER  OF  THIS 
VOLUME 

Kindly    handle    this    book    with    the    utmost    care 

on    account    of    its    fragile    condition, 
he    binding    has    been    done    as    well    as     possible 
.intier    existing    conditions    and    will    give    reasonable 
wear    with    proper    opening    and    handling. 
Your    thoughtfulness    will    be    appreciated. 


LIFE  AND   LETTERS   OF 

BAYARD  TAYLOR 
n 

EDITED   BY 

MARIE   HANSEN-TAYLOR 

AND 

HORACE  E.  SCUDDER 

IN   TWO  VOLUMES 

VOL.  I. 

FIFTH   EDITION. 


BOSTON 

HOUGHTON,  MIFFLIN  AND   COMPANY 

New  York:  11  East  Seventeenth  Street 

(3Tfe  Rtoerjs'ibe  £res£,  Camferibjje 
1895 


TS2W3 

.Tb 


Copyright,  1884, 
Br  MARIE  HANSEN-TAYLOR. 

All  rights  reserved. 


B,  0,  FUBIilC  LIBKaEY 


3%e  Riverside  Press,  Cambridge,  Mass.,  U.  S.  A. 
Electrotyped  and  Printed  by  H.  O.  Houghton  &  Co. 


38fSi 


DISTRICT  OF  OQ^WB 

b*fiMNSFBteED  FEpf "  ' 


*I»BA^sFEB 


i  t^' 


CM 


en 
cu 


From  humble  home-lays  to  the  heights  of  thought 
Slowly  he  climbed,  but  every  step  was  sure. 

J.  G.  Whittiek,  Bayard  Taylor. 

Dear  is  the  Minstrel,  yet  the  Man  is  more. 

Goethe  Ode. 


PREFACE. 


It  is  six  years  since  Bayard  Taylor  died, 
and  if  it  had  been  thought  necessary  only  to 
satisfy  a  passing  curiosity  concerning  him  the 
delay  in  publishing  his  memoirs  would  have 
been  unwise.  But  if  a  volume  had  been 
brought  out  within  a  few  months  of  his  death, 
it  must  have  failed  to  present  any  full  and  in- 
telligible interpretation  of  a  career  which  was 
frequently  misunderstood  through  superficial 
acquaintance  with  it.  The  delay  in  the  ap- 
pearance of  this  work  has  enabled  the  editors 
to  gather  a  larger  number  of  letters,  to  ar- 
range them,  and  to  supply  such  connecting 
links  and  slight  comment  as  seemed  necessary 
to  a  clear  and  comprehensive  narrative.  It 
has  been  their  aim  to  let  the  poet  tell  his  own 
story  so  far  as  is  possible,  and  above  all  to  fol- 
low the  clew  which  his  own  confession  affords. 
No  man's  life  can  be  truthfully  written  which 
does  not  take  very  close  account  of  the  ideal 


Yi  PREFACE. 

which  the  man  has  kept  before  himself ;  and 
fortunately  for  the  reader,  Bayard  Taylor  re- 
peatedly discloses  in  unmistakable  language 
the  dominant  idea  of  his  life.  By  keeping 
that  in  mind  one  easily  brings  the  various 
turns  of  an  apparently  changeable  life  into 
an  order  which  explains  every  movement. 

Thanks  are  due  to  the  several  correspond- 
ents of  Bayard  Taylor,  who  have  generously 
contributed  the  letters  which  they  held.  These 
letters  leave  but  few  gaps  to  be  filled.  Per- 
haps, if  those  which  could  not  be  secured  had 
been  accessible,  they  would  have  added  noth- 
ing material ;  yet  the  reader  will  share  the  re- 
gret of  the  editors  that  the  letters  written  to 
Mr.  Putnam  had  been  destroyed  by  fire,  and 
that  the  absence  of  Mr.  Howells  from  the  coun- 
try made  it  impracticable  to  obtain  those  which 
Bayard  Taylor  wrote  to  the  former  editor  of 
the  "Atlantic  Monthly/' 


CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME  I. 


-♦- 


CHAPTER   I. 

PAGE 

Surroundings  and  Early  Life 1 

CHAPTER  II. 
First  Ventures 23 

CHAPTER  III. 
Views  Afoot 42 

CHAPTER  IV. 
Editor  of  a  Country  Newspaper 72 

CHAPTER  V. 
Removal  to  New  York 91 

CHAPTER  VI. 
Literary  Life  in  New  York 108 

CHAPTER   VII. 
Eldorado  and  Hylas 154 

CHAPTER  VIII. 
Mary  Agnew  Taylor 180 

CHAPTER  IX. 
A  Book  of  Romances,  Lyrics,  and  Songs    ....    200 


vm  CONTENTS   OF   VOLUME  I. 

CHAPTER    X. 

PAGE 

Iravels  in  the  East 219 

CHAPTER  XI. 
The  Farther  East 243 

CHAPTER  XII. 
Fruit  and  Flower  of  Travel 263 

CHAPTER  XIII. 
Clearing-Away  Work 291 

CHAPTER  XIV. 
Northern  Travel 319 

CHAPTER  XV. 
The  Building  of  Cedarcroft 343 

CHAPTER  XVI. 
The  Poet's  Journal 366 

CHAPTER  XVII. 
The  Russian  Mission 386 

ILLUSTRATIONS. 

Portrait  of  Bayard  Taylor.     From  a  photograph  by 

Gutekunst Frontispiece 

Cedarcroft  from  the  Avenue.  Vignette  from  a  photo- 
graph  Title-page 

Bayard  Taylor's   Early  Home.     After  a  sketch  by  A. 

Lowrie 1 

Portrait  of  Bayard  Taylor.     Engraved  on  Steel  by  F. 

T.  Stuart,  from  a  daguerreotype  taken  in  1851    ....     91 

The  House  in  the  Garden  at  Gotha.     After  a  sketch 

by  Bayard  Taylor 319 


Bayard  Taylor's  Early  Home 

CHAPTER  I. 

SURROUNDINGS   AND   EARLY  LIFE. 
1825-1841. 

Scarce  from  the  void  of  shadows  taken, 

We  hail  thine  opening  eyelids,  boy  ! 
Be  welcome  to  the  world  !    Awaken 

To  strength  and  beauty,  and  to  joy  ! 

The  Two  Greetings. 

Chester  County,  in  Pennsylvania,  is  a  rich  farm- 
ing country,  and  the  traveler  who  visits  it  for  the  first 
time  is  at  once  impressed  by  the  air  of  solid  comfort 
which  prevails,  and  by  the  signs  of  an  old,  long-settled 
region.  The  gently  rolling  land  is  occasionally  inter- 
rupted by  steep  hills  and  low-lying  valleys,  but  for  the 
most  part  the  eye  travels  over  cultivated  fields  and 
patches  of  woodland,  various  in  leaf  and  form.  The 
oak  and  chestnut  and  cedar  flourish  in  large,  rich 
growth ;  the  box  forgets  its  stunted  life ;  and  there  are 


2  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

the  tulip-tree  and  magnolia,  while  hedges  of  osage- 
orange  run  by  the  side  of  the  road.  The  northern  and 
southern  climes  meet  on  common  ground  ;  and  if  one 
comes  from  the  north,  he  is  reminded  that  nature  has 
kinder  moods  than  he  has  been  wont  to  know.  The 
autumn  lingers,  and  the  spring  hastens,  while  the 
water-courses  which  wind  through  the  broad  valleys 
keep  a  constant  green  in  the  grassy  meadows. 

The  generous  farms  are  ordered  from  old,  substan- 
tial houses,  which  have  been  occupied  by  successive 
generations  of  the  same  family.  The  names  of  Penn's 
associates,  to  whom  deeds  of  land  were  made,  are  often 
the  names  of  present  landholders,  and  the  very  houses 
which  the  first  settlers  built  may  yet  be  seen  on  some 
homesteads.  There  has  been  little  change  in  the  char- 
acter of  the  community,  except  as  it  has  been  modi- 
fied by  time. 

Fifty  years  ago  there  was  much  the  same  comfort- 
able prosperity  as  to-day,  but  then  people  rode  their 
horses  or  drove  their  carts,  where  now  they  keep  their 
carriages,  and  they  had  few  of  the  luxuries  or  graces 
which  wealth  brings.  Their  lives  were  simple  and 
primitive,  and  they  rarely  traveled  farther  than  to 
Wilmington  or  Philadelphia  market.  They  belonged 
for  the  most  part  to  the  Society  of  Friends,  and  held 
to  a  somewhat  rigorous  code  of  manners,  but  the 
doctrines  of  the  Friends  found  expression  in  a  posi- 
tive adhesion  to  all  forms  of  protest  against  tyranny. 
The  position  which  the  region  holds  upon  the  border 
of  the  two  sections  of  the  Union  made  it  the  refuge 
of  the  slave,  and  one  of  the  most  important  stations  of 
the  Underground  Railway  was  here.  In  the  days  of 
ferment  before  the  war  for  the  Union,  and  during  the 
years  of  the  war,  famous  gatherings  were  held  here,  at 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.  3 

which  the  champions  of  human  rights  and  individual 
creeds  from  all  parts  of  the  country  met  for  confer- 
ence, and  were  generously  entertained  by  the  hospita- 
ble farmers.  Whittier  has  sung  the  praises  of  one  of 
these  families  in  his  verses,  "  The  Golden  Wedding  of 
Longwood,"  and  as  he  sings  the  vision  of  that  country 
and  its  people  rises  before  him  :  — 

Again   before   me   with   your   names,  fair  Chester's  landscape 

comes, 
Its  meadows,  woods,  and  ample  barns,  and  quaint,  stoue-builded 

homes. 
The  smooth  shorn  vales,  the  wheaten  slopes,  the  boscage  green 

and  soft, 
Of  which  their  poet  sings  so  well  from  towered  Cedarcroft. 

This  country  and  its  people  formed  indeed  a  large 
part  of  the  material  from  which  the  poet,  born  and 
bred  among  these  scenes,  built  his  imaginative  pic- 
tures. As  one  passes  over  the  road  leading  from 
Longwood  to  Cedarcroft  he  conies  to  a  wooded  knoll, 
where  once  stood  a  mighty  pin-oak.  Here  Bayard 
Taylor  rested  in  fancy,  and  looked  over  a  familiar 
landscape.     "  Yonder,"  he  wrote,  — 

Yonder,  a  mile  away,  I  see  the  roofs  of  the  village,  — 
See  the  crouching  front  of  the  meeting-house  of  the  Quakers, 
Oddly  conjoined  with  the  whittled  Presbyterian  steeple. 
Right  and  left  are  the  homes  of  the  slow,  conservative  farmers, 
Loyal  people  and  true,  but  now  that  the  battles  are  over 
Zealous  for  Temperance,  Peace,  and  the  Right  of  Suffrage  for 

Women. 
Orderly,  moral  are  they,  —  at  least  in  the  sense  of  suppression  ; 
Given  to  preaching  of  rules,  inflexible  outlines  of  duty  ; 
Seeing  the  sternness  of  life,  but  alas  !  overlooking  its  graces. 

Nay,  but  let  me  be  just  ;  nor  speak  with  the  alien  language 
Born  of  my  blood  ;  for  cradled  among  them,  I  know  them  and 
love  them. 


4  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Was  it  my  fault  if  a  strain  of  the  distant  and  dead  generations 
Rose  in   my  being,  renewed,  and  made  me  other  than  these 
are?1 

The  whittled  Presbyterian  steeple  is  gone,  but  the 
physical  and  the  moral  landscape  have  suffered  little 
change  since  the  lines  were  written,  as  the  view  then 
was  substantially  what  it  might  have  been  fifty  years 
before.  The  village  thus  seen  was  Kennett  Square, 
and  here,  January  11,  1825,  Bayard  Taylor  was  born, 
the  fourth  child  of  his  parents,  but  then  their  only 
one,  the  three  earlier  having  died  in  infancy.  He  was 
born  in  a  two-story  house,  not  now  standing,  at  the 
corner  of  State  and  South  Union  streets.  His  father 
and  mother,  Joseph  and  Rebecca  [Way]  Taylor,  both 
survive  him.  In  an  autobiographic  sketch  which  he 
gave  to  a  German  magazine,  he  says  of  his  ancestry 
and  birth :  — 

"  Robert  Taylor,  a  rich  Quaker,  who  came  to  Penn- 
sylvania in  1681,  with  William  Penn,  settled  near  the 
Brandywine  Creek,  and  part  of  the  land  which  his 
eldest  son  inherited  from  him  is  in  my  possession  [at 
Cedarcroft].  His  descendants  clung  to  the  soil  with 
a  Saxon  tenacity.  I  have  not,  thus  far,  followed  my 
family-tree  beyond  Robert ;  but  if  I  should  discover 
that  Bishop  Jeremy  Taylor  sprang  from  the  same 
stock,  I  should  be  prouder  of  him  than  of  a  possible 
descent  from  Tudor  or  Plantagenet.  I  suspect  that 
Joseph  Taylor,  the  friend  of  Shakespeare  and  the 
first  interpreter  of  Hamlet,  was  one  of  my  ancestors, 
for  the  family  has  preserved  his  name.  My  grand- 
father, who  had  married  a  Lutheran  of  pure  German 
blood,  was  excommunicated  by  his  brother  Quakers, 
and  none  of  his  children  ever  returned  to  the  Society. 

i  Home  Pastorals,  August. 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.  5 

I  was  born  the  11th  of  January,  1825,  the  year  when 
the  first  locomotive  successfully  performed  its  trial 
trip  ;  I  am  therefore  just  as  old  as  the  railroad." 

His  grandmothers,  both  on  his  father's  and  moth- 
er's side,  were  of  South  German  descent.  His  father's 
mother  knew  hardly  any  English,  but  always  spoke 
with  her  children  the  curious  patois  known  as  Penn- 
sylvania Dutch.  His  mother's  family  was  from  the 
English  Mendenhalls,  a  name  which  was  used  by  the 
poet  in  "Lars."  The  name  of  Bayard  was  from  James 
A.  Bayard,  the  Delaware  senator  of  that  day,  and  was 
given  by  the  parents  of  the  boy  out  of  admiration  for 
their  neighbor.  It  was  the  senator's  surname  only 
which  was  taken.  "As  a  boy  of  sixteen  or  seven- 
teen," Bayard  Taylor  once  wrote,  "  I  sometimes  at- 
tached J.  (never  James)  to  my  name,  foolishly  think- 
ing it  would  look  better.  When  my  first  volume  of 
poems  came  out,  Rufus  Griswold,  my  first  literary 
friend,  put  James  Bayard  Taylor  on  the  title-page, 
and  the  small  private  edition  was  printed  before  I 
could  correct  it.  The  matter  was  an  annoyance  to  me 
then,  and  it  has  been  ever  since.  I  felt  bound  to  re- 
tain the  J.,  however,  until  I  was  twenty-one  and  be- 
came legally  responsible  for  my  signature.  Then  I 
dropped  it  instantly,  and  have  never  since  used  any- 
thing else  than  my  original  and  only  true  name." 

When  Bayard  was  four  years  old,  the  family  moved 
to  the  farm,  a  mile  distant  from  Kennett  Square, 
where  they  continued  to  live  until  the  building  of 
Cedarcroft,  hard  by,  gave  a  home  to  those  of  the  fam- 
ily who  had  not  left  the  homestead.  It  was  about  this 
farm  that  his  earliest  recollections  gathered.  "  The 
child,"  he  says,  "  that  has  tumbled  into  a  newly 
ploughed  furrow  never  forgets  the  smell  of  the  fresh 


6  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

earth.  He  thrives  upon  it  as  the  butcher's  boy  thrives 
upon  the  steam  of  blood,  but  a  healthier  apple-red 
comes  into  his  cheeks,  and  his  growing  muscle  is  sub- 
dued in  more  innocent  pastimes.  Almost  my  first  rec- 
ollection is  of  a  swamp,  into  which  I  went  bare-legged 
at  morning,  and  out  of  which  I  came,  when  driven  by 
hunger,  with  long  stockings  of  black  mud,  and  a  mask 
of  the  same.  If  the  child  was  missed  from  the  house, 
the  first  thing  that  suggested  itself  was  to  climb  upon 
a  mound  which  overlooked  the  swamp.  Somewhere 
among  the  tufts  of  the  rushes  and  the  bladed  leaves 
of  the  calamus,  a  little  brown  ball  was  sure  to  be  seen 
moving,  now  dipping  out  of  sight,  now  rising  again, 
like  a  bit  of  drift  on  the  rippling  green.  It  was  my 
head.  The  treasures  I  there  collected  were  black  ter- 
rapins with  orange  spots,  baby  frogs  the  size  of  a 
chestnut,  thrush's  eggs,  and  stems  of  purple  phlox." 1 

His  nature  took  deep  root  in  the  soil  of  the  home- 
stead, but  even  in  childhood  there  were  signs  of  the 
larger  desire  which  made  his  youth  restless  and  his 
manhood  full  of  aspiration.  "  In  looking  back  to  my 
childhood,"  he  writes  in  another  place,  "  I  can  recall 
.  .  .  the  intensest  desire  to  climb  upward,  so  that 
without  shifting  the  circle  of  my  horizon  I  could  yet 
extend  it,  and  take  in  a  far  wider  sweep  of  vision.  I 
envied  every  bird  that  sat  swinging  upon  the  topmost 
bough  of  the  great  century -old  cherry-tree;  the 
weather-cock  on  our  barn  seemed  to  me  to  whirl  in  a 
higher  region  of  the  air ;  and  to  rise  from  the  earth 
in  a  balloon  was  a  bliss  which  I  would  almost  have 
given  my  life  to  enjoy.  ...  I  remember  as  distinctly 
as  if  it  were  yesterday  the  first  time  this  passion  was 
gratified.     Looking  out  of  the  garret  window,  on  a 

1  At  Home  and  Abroad,  ii.  2. 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARL 

bright  May  morning,  I  discovered  a  row 
had  been  nailed  over  the  shingles  for  ti 
of  the  carpenters  in  roofing  the  house, 
been  removed.     Here  was,  at  last,  a  chan 
the  comb  of  the  steep  roof,  and  take  my 
"abroad  into  the  world  !     Not  without  some  trex 
I  ventured  out,  and  was  soon  seated  outside  of  the 
sharp  ridge.     Unknown  forests,  new  fields  and  houses, 
appeared    to   my   triumphant     view.     The   prospect, 
though  it  did  not  extend  more  than  four  miles  in  any 
direction,   was   boundless.     Away   in   the   northwest, 
glimmering   through   the   trees,  was   a  white   object, 
probably  the  front  of  a  distant  barn ;  but  I  shouted 
to  the  astonished  servant-girl,  who  had  just  discov- 
ered me  from  the  garden  below,  '  I  see  the  Falls  of 
Niagara  ! '  "  1 

Of  the  outside  world,  two  or  three  great  facts  made 
a  lodgment  early  in  his  mind.  He  remembered  hear- 
ing of  the  battle  of  Navarino,  and  of  the  deaths  in  the 
same  year  of  Goethe  and  Sir  Walter  Scott.  He  was 
seven  years  old  then.  He  had  been  taught  to  read  by 
his  mother  when  he  was  four,  and  not  impossibly 
Scott's  death  was  fixed  in  his  mind  by  Scott's  poetry, 
for  poetry  had  great  power  over  him  from  his  child- 
hood. The  education  which  he  received  at  home  and 
under  the  impulse  of  his  own  nature  took  precedence 
of  the  more  formal  culture  of  school-life.  Especially 
was  he  indebted  to  his  mother,  who  understood  well 
the  refinement  of  his  nature.  Like  other  boys  in  the 
neighborhood,  he  was  called  upon  to  help  in  the  work 
of  the  farm.  He  used  to  tell  of  the  misery  which  he 
endured  when  he  went  to  the  mill  on  horseback,  to 
bring  back  heavy  meal-bags,  which  would  persist  in 

1    At  Home  and  Ahroad,  i.  1,  2. 


3  A  YARD   TAYLOR. 

is  dismay ;  for  he  would  have  to  stand 
i  wait  the  chance  of  some  one  passing 
and  his  bags  up  again.     "  I  had  a  con- 
ror,"  he  says,  "  of  dirty  hands,  and  my 
*ents  —  picking  stones  and  weeding  corn 
.ather  a  torture  to  this  superfine  taste."     He 
_.d,d  beautifully-shaped  hands,  a  very  tender,  fair  skin, 
and  sensitive  nerves,  —  an  equipment  not  the  most 
adapted  to  rough  farm  work,  but  not  always  taken 
into  account  by  those  who  regarded  a  boy  as  a  "  hand." 
His  mother  shielded  him  so  far  as  she  could  without 
interference ;  she  devised  indoor  occupation  for  him, 
and  engaged   him  about   tasks  which  a  hearty  boy 
would  be  likely  to  accept  only  as  they  saved  him  from 
more  disagreeable  duties.     Thus  she  would  set  him  to 
rocking  the  baby  to  sleep  in  the  cradle,  which  he  would 
do  while  he  read  busily.     One  day  she  came  into  the 
room,  when  the  baby  was  crying  lustily,  and  a  vigor- 
ous rocking  was  going  on,  to  find  Bayard  absorbed  in 
his  book,  and  rocking  himself  furiously  in  his  chair,  in 
the  vain  imagination  that  he  was  doing  his  work  faith- 
fully. 

Reading  had  charms  for  him  from  the  earliest  years, 
and  he  showed  a  great  aptitude  for  committing  poetry 
to  memory.  In  the  evening,  after  he  had  gone  to  bed, 
his  mother  would  hear  him  repeating  poem  after  poem 
to  his  brother,  who  slept  in  the  same  room  with  him. 
His  out-door  life,  for  all  that,  was  a  free  and  hearty 
one.  When  he  spoke  of  his  shrinking  from  the  re- 
pulsive work  of  the  farm,  he  added:  "But  almost 
every  field  had  its  walnut-tree,  and  many  of  the  last 
year's  nuts  retained  their  flavor  in  the  spring  ;  melons 
were  planted  among  the  corn,  and  the  meadow  which 
lay  between   never  exhausted  its   store  of  wonders. 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.  9 

Besides,  there  were  eggs  to  hide  at  Easter ;  cherries 
and  strawberries  in  May ;  fruit  all  summer ;  fishing- 
parties  by  torchlight ;  lobelia  and  sumac  to  be  gath- 
ered, dried,  and  sold,  for  pocket  money ;  and  in  the 
fall,  chestnuts,  persimmons,  wild  grapes,  cider,  and  the 
grand  butchering  after  frost  came,  so  that  all  the 
pleasures  I  knew  were  incidental  to  a  farmer's  life. 
The  books  I  read  came  from  the  village  library,  and 
the  task  of  helping  to  '  fodder '  on  the  dark  winter 
evenings  was  lightened  by  the  anticipation  of  sitting 
down  to  '  Gibbon's  Rome  '  or  '  Thaddeus  of  Warsaw  ' 
afterward." 

For,  after  all,  the  boy  always  came  back  to  his 
books,  as  offering  the  completest  satisfaction,  and  the 
eagerness  with  which  he  read  is  measured  by  the  hold 
which  his  memory  kept  of  those  early  readings.  Years 
afterward,  when  on  his  travels,  a  poem  which  he  had 
learned,  or  a  book  from  the  library  which  he  had 
read,  came  back  to  him  as  he  visited  in  person  places 
which  he  had  known  in  imagination.  "Before  reach- 
ing the  city "  (of  Barcelona),  he  writes,1  "  I  had 
caught  a  glimpse,  far  up  the  valley  of  the  Llobregat, 
of  a  high,  curiously  serrated  mountain,  and  that  old 
book  of  the  '  Wonders  of  the  World  '  (now,  alas  ! 
driven  from  the  library  of  childhood)  opened  its  pages 
and  showed  its  rough  wood-cuts,  in  memory,  to  tell  me 
what  the  mountain  was.  How  many  times  has  that 
wonderful  book  been  the  chief  charm  of  my  travels, 
causing  me  to  forget  Sulpicius  on  the  JEgean  Sea, 
Byron  in  Italy,  and  Humboldt  in  Mexico !  "  "  Before 
my  twelfth  year,"  he  says,  in  a  slight  autobiographic 
sketch,  "  I  had  devoured  the  contents  of  the  circu- 
lating library  in  our  little  town,  as  well  as  Cooper's 

1  By-  Ways  of  Europe,  pp.  159,  160. 


10  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

novels  and  the  histories  of  Gibbon,  Robertson,  and 
Hume."  The  few  books  which  he  owned  were  bought 
with  money  which  he  earned  from  the  sale  of  nuts  he 
gathered. 

Poetry  and  travel  were  his  chief  delight  in  reading. 
The  former  drove  him  into  "  desperate  attempts  at  im- 
itation ; "  the  latter  fed  his  eager  desire  for  a  wider 
range  of  life.  At  the  outset  of  his  first  book  of 
travels,  he  recalls  this  early  passion  :  "  An  enthusias- 
tic desire  of  visiting  the  Old  World  haunted  me  from 
early  childhood.  I  cherished  a  presentiment,  amount- 
ing to  positive  belief,  that  I  should  one  day  behold 
the  scenes  among  which  my  fancy  had  so  long  wan- 
dered. When  a  boy  of  ten  years,  I  read  Willis's  '  Pen- 
cillings  by  the  Way,'  as  they  appeared  from  week  to 
week  in  the  country  newspaper,  and  the  contemplation 
of  those  charming  pictures  of  scenery  and  society 
filled  me  with  a  thousand  dreams  and  aspirations.  I 
wandered  along  the  shores  of  the  Mediterranean, 
while  hoeing  corn  or  tending  cattle  in  my  father's 
fields  ;  the  geography  of  Europe  and  the  East  was  at 
my  tongue's  end,  and  the  confidence  with  which  I 
spoke  of  going  to  London  and  Paris  and  Home  often 
subjected  me  to  the  ridicule  of  my  school-fellows." 1 

The  education  which  he  received  at  home  and  from 
his  own  choice  of  reading  was  supplemented  by  a  reg- 
ular schooling  during  his  youth.  When  he  had  been 
taught  to  read,  he  was  sent  to  a  school  kept  by  Ruth 
Ann  Chambers.  His  way  thither  was  through  a 
lonely  meadow  on  his  father's  farm,  and  a  piece  of 
woodland.  It  was  a  way  not  without  its  trials  for  a 
sensitive  little  boy  of  six.  One  day  a  tree  was  blown 
down  in  a  gale,  and  a  servant-girl  of  his  father's  barely 

1  Views  Afoot,  p.  17. 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.  11 

escaped  being  crushed  by  its  fall.  So  ominous  an 
event  lent  terror  to  the  woods,  and  a  day  or  two  after- 
ward, when  the  wind  rose  again,  the  boy  shrank  from 
the  swaying  trees,  and  went  home,  telling  his  mother 
that  there  was  no  school,  —  the  first  and  only  "  story," 
she  says,  that  he  ever  told  her.  She  found  him  up- 
stairs, that  day,  lying  on  the  floor,  with  a  large  map 
spread  before  him,  upon  which  he  was  making  imag- 
inary journeys. 

His  school  was  a  delight  to  him,  for  he  was  fortu- 
nate in  the  care  which  he  met  there.  "  I  have  never 
forgotten,"  he  once  wrote  to  his  old  teacher,  "  the  days 
I  spent  in  the  little  log  school-house  and  the  chestnut 
grove  behind  it,  and  I  have  always  thought  that  some 
of  the  poetry  I  then  copied  from  thy  manuscript  books 
has  kept  an  influence  over  all  my  life  since.  There 
was  one  verse  in  particular  which  has  cheered  and  en- 
couraged me  a  thousand  times  when  prospects  seemed 
rather  gloomy.     It  ran  thus  :  — 

*  O,  why  should  we  seek  to  anticipate  sorrow 
By  throwing  the  flowers  of  the  present  away, 

And  gathering  the  dark-rolling,  cloudy  to-morrow 
To  darken  the  generous  sun  of  to-day  ?  ' 

Thou  seest  I  have  good  reason  to  remember  those  old 
times,  and  to  be  grateful  to  thee  for  encouraging  in- 
stead of  checking  the  first  developments  of  my  mind." 
The  Quaker  form  of  this  letter  was  one  into  which 
the  writer  easily  fell  when  he  was  addressing  old 
Quaker  friends ;  for  while  his  family  was  not  formally 
in  the  Society  of  Friends,  they  adhered  generally  to 
the  principles  of  the  Society.  His  mother,  although 
brought  up  in  the  Lutheran  faith,  became  attached  to 
the  Quakers  early  in  life,  and  taught  her  children  the 
fundamental  doctrines  of  the  Society,  as  well  as  nat- 


12  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

urally  adopted  the  manners  and  ways  which  prevailed 
in  the  region.  Especially  she  aimed  to  inculcate  that 
spirit  of  peace  and  quiet  which  was  the  possession  of 
the  Quakers,  and  a  conformity  to  the  doctrine  which 
made  all  swearing,  whether  judicial  or  profane,  to  be 
evil.  She  talked  so  earnestly  on  this  last  point  that 
Bayard's  mind  became  full  of  it ;  his  observation  and 
imagination  were  centred  upon  oaths,  until  at  last  he 
was  so  fascinated  that  he  became  filled  with  an  un- 
controllable desire  to  swear.  So  he  went  out  into  a 
field,  beyond  hearing,  and  there  delivered  himself  of 
all  the  oaths  he  had  ever  heard  or  could  invent,  and  in 
as  loud  a  voice  as  possible.  The  discharge  was  satis- 
factory, and  his  mind  returned  to  its  customary  occu- 
pation. 

Another  teacher  in  his  boyhood  was.  a  Quaker,  Sam- 
uel Martin,  who  taught  in  a  little  stone  building  on  the 
road  leading  to  Toughkenamon.  Friend  Martin,  who 
was  a  lover  of  nature,  found  the  boy  one  after  his  own 
heart,  and  they  took  long  walks  together,  when  the 
teacher  answered  the  pupil's  questions,  and  helped  him 
to  a  fuller  knowledge  of  tree  and  plant  and  flower  and 
stone.  Bayard's  early  acquaintance  with  nature  was 
both  minute  and  general.  He  collected  industriously 
and  formed  a  cabinet,  but  he  also  had  a  poet's  eye  for 
field  and  cloud,  as  he  had  an  ear  for  melody,  lying 
awake  at  night  to  hear  the  rhythm  of  the  rain  upon  the 
house-top.  With  an  ardent  love  of  color  and  form, 
his  artistic  nature,  before  he  knew  his  true  vocation, 
readily  turned  to  drawing  and  painting,  and  he  was 
busy  with  attempts  which  were  crudely  successful.  He 
was  self-taught,  and  though  later  in  life  he  took  a  few 
lessons,  the  sketches  which  he  made  of  landscape  and 
figure  came  to  be  the  pastime  of  a  poet  whose  true  ex- 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.         13 

pression  was  through  another  form.  He  looked  back, 
perhaps  a  little  wistfully,  at  a  road  which  always  ^had 
a  great  attraction  for  him,  and  in  the  maturer  thought 
which  recalled  his  youth  dwelt  with  passionate  ear- 
nestness upon  this  early  phase  of  his  experience.  Thus, 
with  the  liberty  afforded  by  a  half-autobiographic, 
half-imaginative  poem,  he  writes  in  "  The  Picture  of 
St.  John,"  when  dedicating  the  work  to  the  artists :  — 

Because  no  other  dream  my  childhood  knew 
Than  your  bright  Goddess  sends,  —  that  earliest 
Her  face  I  saw,  and  from  her  bounteous  breast, 
All  others  dry,  the  earliest  nurture  drew  ; 
And  since  the  hope,  so  lovely,  was  not  true, 
To  write  my  life  in  colors,  —  win  a  place 
Among  your  ranks,  though  hiunble,  yet  with  grace 
That  might  accord  me  brotherhood  with  you  : 

Because  the  dream,  thus  cherished,  gave  my  life 
Its  first  faint  sense  of  beauty,  and  became, 
Even  when  the  growing  years  to  other  strife 
Led  forth  my  feet,  a  shy,  secluded  flame  : 
And  ye  received  me,  when  our  pathways  met 
As  one  long  parted,  but  of  kindred  fate  ; 
And  in  one  heaven  our  kindred  stars  are  set  ; 
To  you,  my  Brethren,  this  be  dedicate  ! 

And  though  some  sportive  nymph  the  channel  turned, 

And  led  to  other  fields  mine  infant  rill, 

The  sense  of  fancied  destination  still 

Leaps  in  its  waves,  and  will  not  be  unlearned. 

I  charge  not  Fate  with  having  done  me  wrong  ; 

Much  hath  she  granted,  though  so  much  was  spurned  ; 

But  leave  the  keys  of  Color,  silent  long, 

And  pour  my  being  through  the  stops  of  Song  ! 

The  poetic  passion  itself  was  quite  as  early  present 
with  him,  and  the  boy's  books  show  picture  and  poem 
following  each  other  indifferently.     The  form  of  the 


14  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

poetry  is  curiously  anticipatory  of  some  of  his  greatest 
successes,  for  already,  when  twelve  years  old,  he  was 
writing  ballads  and  songs  with  an  ease  of  movement 
and  even  a  stir  of  action  which  show  how  native  to 
him  was  that  gift  which  he  used  so  abundantly.  The 
earliest  efforts  in  poetry  are  necessarily  more  or  less 
imitative,  and  it  was  inevitable  that  the  poets  whom 
he  read  should  find  an  echo  in  his  verse. 

"  Poetry,"  he  writes  in  his  autobiographic  sketch, 
"  had  great  power  over  me  from  my  childhood ;  and 
to-day  the  poems  live  in  my  memory  which  I  read  at 
the  age  of  seven  or  eight  years,  and  which  drove  me 
to  desperate  attempts  at  imitation.  From  my  twelfth 
year  I  wrote  continually,  —  poems,  novels,  or  historical 
essays,  but  principally  poems.  I  read  Ovid  and  Ra- 
cine in  the  original ;  Milton,  Scott,  Byron,  and  Words- 
worth, as  well  as  all  the  other  American  and  English 
authors  I  could  lay  hands  on." 

The  themes  on  which  he  wrote  were  foreign  and 
chivalric,  for  with  his  poetic  temperament  the  large 
life  seemed  always  to  be  outside  of  the  valley  in  which 
he  lived.  He  was  forever  making  ideal  journeys,  and 
jotting  down  imaginary  incidents  in  the  East,  which 
was  especially  the  land  of  his  dreams.  It  was  this 
quick  imagination  rather  than  philological  zeal  which 
stimulated  him  in  the  study  of  languages,  and  the  ap- 
titude which  he  showed  in  his  travels  for  acquiring  the 
speech  of  the  people  among  whom  he  chanced  to  be 
had  early  illustration.  "  I  never  could  see,"  he  says, 
"  a  book  written  in  a  foreign  language  without  the 
most  ardent  desire  to  read  it.  I  remember  that  I 
came  across  a  copy  of  Wieland's  '  Oberon,'  and  as  at 
that  time  I  knew  nothing  of  German  it  took  me  sev- 
eral days  to  understand  the  first  verse.  .  .  .  At  four- 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.         15 

teen  years  I  began  the  study  of  Latin  and  French, 
and  at  fifteen  of  Spanish.  As  my  father  was  a  farmer, 
and  had  inherited  only  a  small  part  of  the  original 
land-grant,  he  could  not  send  me  to  college ;  until  my 
sixteenth  year,  however,  I  received  as  good  instruc- 
tion as  our  country  schools  could  then  afford.  At  this 
age  my  schooling  stopped,  but  I  continued  my  Latin 
and  French  three  years  longer." 

A  curious  illustration  of  this  almost  instinctive  ap- 
propriation of    language   occurs  in  one  of    Bayard's 
sketches  of  travel.      "  I  had  decided,"  he  says,  "  to  de- 
vote my  second  day  to  an  excursion  to  the  mountain 
paradise  of  Valldemosa,  and  sallied  forth  early  to  seek 
the  means   of  conveyance.     Up  to  this  time  I  had 
been  worried  —  tortured,  I  may  say,  without  exagger- 
ation—  by  desperate  efforts  to  recover  the   Spanish 
tongue,  which  I  had  not  spoken  for  fourteen  years. 
I  still  had  the  sense  of  possessing  it,  but  in  some  old 
drawer  of  memory,  the  lock  of  which  had  rusted  and 
would  not  obey  the  key.     Like  Mrs.  Dombey  with  her 
pain,  I  felt  as  if  there  were  Spanish  words  somewhere 
in  the  room,  but  I  could  not  positively  say  that  I  had 
them,  —  a  sensation  which,  as  everybody  knows,  is  far 
worse   than  absolute   ignorance.     I  had  taken  a  car- 
riage for  Valldemosa,   after  a  long  talk  with  the  pro- 
prietor, a   most    agreeable    fellow,  when   I   suddenly 
stopped,  and  exclaimed  to  myself,   'You  are  talking 
Spanish,  did  you  know  it  ?  '     It  was  even  so  ;  as  much 
of  the  language  as  I  ever  knew  was  suddenly  and  un- 
accountably  restored  to  me.     On  my  return  to  the 
'  Four  Nations  '  I  was  still  further  surprised  to  find 
myself  repeating  songs  without  the  failure  of  a  line 
or  word,  which  I  had   learned  from   a  Mexican  as  a 
school-boy,  and  had  not  thought  of  for  twenty  years. 


16  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

The  unused  drawer  had  somehow  been  unlocked  or 
broken  open  while  I  slept."  x 

In  1837  Mr.  Joseph  Taylor  was  elected  sheriff  of 
the  county,  and  removed  with  his  family  to  West 
Chester,  where  he  remained  for  three  years.  During 
that  time  Bayard  went  to  Bolmar's  Academy  in  West 
Chester,  but  shortly  before  the  family  returned  to  the 
farm  at  Kennett  he  was  sent  to  the  academy  at  Union- 
ville,  where  he  finished  his  formal  schooling  in  1842. 
The  academy  building  is  now  occupied  by  one  of  the 
higher  grades  of  the  public  schools  of  the  town,  but 
forty  years  ago  it  was  a  boarding-school  and  school 
preparatory  for  college,  to  which  the  young  people  re- 
sorted from  the  country  about. 

Here,  knowing  that  he  was  to  have  no  higher  scho- 
lastic training,  he  gave  himself  studiously  to  work, 
and  during  the  last  part  of  his  stay  was  employed  also 
as  a  teacher.  Unionville  was  only  three  or  four  miles 
from  his  home,  and  there  his  vacations  were  spent, 
while  the  society  of  his  old  friends  frequently  drew 
him  from  the  precincts  of  the  academy  to  Kennett 
Square.  Indeed,  his  return  from  West  Chester, 
where  he  had  lived  in  a  small  country  town,  to  the 
rural  life  of  Kennett  brought  a  sense  of  new  joy  in 
all  the  aspects  of  nature.  He  was  no  longer  an  unwill- 
ing boy,  shrinking  from  the  coarse  labor  of  the  farm  ; 
he  was  springing  into  manhood,  and  the  keen  delight 
in  physical  life,  the  response  to  outward  beauty,  and 
the  eagerness  of  an  expanding  intellect  made  the  time 
one  of  exhilaration  and  anticipation.  "  When  I  re- 
turned to  the  homestead  as  a  youth,"  he  writes,  "  I 
first  felt  the  delight  and  the  refreshment  of  labor  in 
the  open   air.     I  was  then  able  to  take  the  plough- 

1    By -Ways  of  Europe,  p.  184. 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.  17 

handle,  and  I  still  remember  the  pride  I  felt  when  my 
furrows  were  pronounced  even  and  well  turned.  Al- 
though it  was  already  decided  that  I  shoidd  not  make 
farming  the  business  of  my  life,  I  thrust  into  my 
plans  a  slender  wedge  of  hope  that  I  might  one  day 
own  a  bit  of  ground,  for  the  luxury  of  having  if  not 
the  profit  of  cidtivating  it.  The  aroma  of  the  sweet 
soil  had  tinctured  my  blood ;  the  black  mud  of  the 
swamp  still  stuck  to  my  feet." 

At  Unionville  he  naturally  fell  more  into  letter- 
writing,  and  though  his  letters  were  boyish  produc- 
tions they  indicated  the  turn  which  his  mind  was  tak- 
ing, and  that  restlessness  which  was  so  early  developed 
in  him.  The  school  at  Unionville  was  not  very  satis- 
fying to  one  who  craved  a  fuller  knowledge  of  the 
world,  and  the  master  was  too  easy-going  and  indiffer- 
ent for  a  boy  who  set  his  hopes  and  wishes  high.  Dr. 
Franklin  Taylor,  an  older  cousin,  was  at  this  time  in 
Kennett  Square,  after '  a  term  of  study  in  a  New 
Hampshire  academy,  and  fired  Bayard's  mind  with  a 
desire  for  the  same  opportunities.  A  letter  which 
Bayard  wrote  to  his  mother  not  only  shows  his  eager- 
ness, but  gives  a  glimpse  of  the  primitive  country  life 
in  America  forty  years  ago  :  — 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Unionville,  March  18,  1840. 
.  .  .  Having  now  completed  astronomy,  I  am  principally 
studying  the  languages,  and  have  made  such  proficiency  in 
French  that  I  am  able  to  read  Voltaire  in  his  native  language. 
Don't  be  frightened.  It  is  not  the  atheistical  works  of  Voltaire, 
but  his  tragedies,  which  are  among  the  best  works  in  the  French 
language.  I  am  also  studying  Latin,  and  am  making  great  prog- 
ress in  it.  I  thought,  as  I  had  but  a  few  weeks  more  to  stay,  I 
would  turn  my  attention  to  languages,  which  I  had  somewhat 
neglected  during  the  winter.     When  I  was  at  Kennett  Square  I 


18  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

visited  Franklin  Taylor,  as  he  wished  to  have  some  talk  with 
me.  He  is  going'  back  again  to  the  East  in  the  spring.  He  is 
much  pleased  with  the  schools  of  New  England,  which  he  says 
are  superior  in  every  respect  to  those  of  this  State.  The  teach- 
ers are  better  and  more  experienced  men,  the  opportunities  of 
learning  are  greater,  and  the  price  of  boarding  and  tuition  is  not 
much  more  than  half  the  sum  it  is  here.  He  says  while  he  was 
there  it  only  cost  him  $1.25  a  week,  which  in  a  year,  added  to 
the  price  of  tuition,  would  only  make  $97.00  ;  and  with  the  ex- 
penses of  going  and  coming,  clothing,  books,  etc.,  would  not  be 
any  more  than  what  Jonathan  Gause  charges  for  a  year,  if  as 
much.  If  a  person  be  economical,  he  says  he  can  live  there  for 
very  little;  and  in  the  vacation  (one  or  two  weeks),  which  hap- 
pens in  August,  the  scholars  form  into  companies  and  travel, 
principally  on  foot,  through  Vermont  and  New  Hampshire,  and 
they  thus  have  an  opportunity  of  viewiug  the  most  romantic  and 
sublime  scenery  in  New  England,  Lake  Champlain,  Lake  George, 
White  and  Green  Mountains,  etc.,  etc.,  which  afford  a  fine  field 
for  the  labors  of  the  artist;  and  if  I  get  a  box  of  the  Crseta 
Lsevis,1  you  will  see  the  hills  and  rocks  of  New  England  glow- 
ing upon  paper,  with  all  the  beauties  they  in  reality  possess.  He 
also  says  it  is  the  finest  place  in  the  world  for  mineralizing. 
Every  scholar,  almost,  has  a  large  box  filled  with  minerals;  and 
as  for  botany,  it  affords  an  inexhaustible  field  for  the  pursuit  of 
that  study.  Another  great  advantage  is,  the  scholars  study  in 
separate  rooms,  and  only  meet  when  they  recite  in  classes,  which 
is  a  great  benefit,  for  a  person  can  study  much  more  in  solitude 
than  amid  the  bustle  and  confusion  of  a  school-room.  Hence  I 
think  I  could  not  do  better  or  learn  more  than  by  going  there. 
And  if  father  is  going  to  take  me,  it  would  be  a  fine  opportunity 
for  him  to  see  some  of  the  Eastern  States ;  and  if  I  do  go,  when 
he  comes  for  me  you  must  accompany  him,  and  thus  have  a 
chance  of  viewing  New  York,  Boston,  Albany,  Hartford,  New 
Haven,  Lowell,"  etc.,  etc. 

Truly  New  England  seemed  as  far  away  to  the 
young  Pennsylvanian,  and  was  almost  as  much  of  a 
foreign  country,  as  Germany  now  is  to  a  collegian.  He 
did  not  come  under  the  influence  of  New  England  in 

1  A  species  of  crayon  then  in  use. 


SURROUNDINGS  AND   EARLY  LIFE.         19 

these  school-Jays.  He  remained  in  a  society  which 
was  peculiarly  susceptible  to  certain  vagaries  and  en- 
thusiasms then  beginning  to  excite  men's  minds.  It 
was  the  period  when  discoveries  in  magnetism  had  set 
the  world  agog  with  notions  of  a  new  force  in  nature, 
and  there  was  a  disposition  to  seek  for  new  coinci- 
dences in  physical  and  spiritual  life.  The  Quaker, 
with  his  openness  to  spiritual  influences  and  his  con- 
fidence in  the  authority  of  the  individual,  was  ready  to 
experiment  and  be  experimented  on.  Bayard  heard 
lectures  on  animal  magnetism  and  took  part  in  the  il- 
lustrations, which  not  only  attended  the  public  lec- 
tures but  were  a  part  of  the  social  entertainments  of 
the  neighborhood.  He  had  an  exuberance  of  physical 
life,  and  possessed  an  organism  which  was  very  highly 
struug,  so  that  he  displayed  considerable  success  in 
his  mesmeric  exercises.  Phrenology  also  found  a 
ready  audience  among  a  people  who  were  accustomed 
to  emphasize  the  individual,  and  to  give  a  spiritual  in- 
terpretation to  physical  phenomena. 

Then  the  Quaker,  with  his  historical  belief  in  human 
equality,  was  very  hospitable  to  the  new  doctrines  re- 
garding freedom  which  were  stirring  men.  To  Ken- 
nett  Square  came  lecturers  on  Anti-Slavery  and  the 
Rights  of  Women,  and  found  a  responsive  audience. 
The  questions  involved  were  debated  in  the  clubs  and 
made  the  subject  of  social  discussion.  Bayard  heard 
what  was  said,  but  it  is  interesting  to  note  from  his 
diaries  and  letters  how  little  active  part  he  himself 
took  in  these  matters.  Literature,  in  some  form,  held 
him  more  tenaciously.  He  went  here  and  there  in  his 
social  mood,  but  he  came  back  to  his  books  and  his 
own  writing  with  increased  ardor. 

Something  of  the  fire  which  burned  within  him  may 


20  *  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

he  discovered  from  the  warmth  with  which  he  en- 
tered in  his  diary  his  emotions  upon  receiving  a  reply 
to  a  request  which  he  had  made  of  Charles  Dickens, 
then  in  this  country,  for  his  autograph.  "  I  went  to 
the  Academy,"  he  says,  "  where  I  received  a  letter 
that  had  come  on  Saturday.  It  was  from  Hartford  ; 
I  knew  instantly  it  was  from  Dickens.  It  was  double, 
and  sealed  neatly  with  a  seal  bearing  the  initials 
C.  D.  In  the  inside  was  a  sheet  of  satin  note-paper,  on 
which  was  written,  '  Faithfully  yours,  Charles  Dickens, 
City  Hotel,  Hartford,  Feb.  10,  1842  ; '  and  below, 
'With  the  compliments  of  Mr.  Dickens.'  I  can  long 
recollect  the  thrill  of  pleasure  I  experienced  on  seeing 
the  autograph  of  one  whose  writings  I  so  ardently  ad- 
mired, and  to  whom,  in  spirit,  I  felt  myself  attached  ; 
and  it  was  not  without  a  feeling  of  ambition  that  I 
looked  upon  it  that  as  he,  an  humble  clerk,  had  risen 
to  be  the  guest  of  a  mighty  nation,  so  I,  an  humble 
pedagogue,  might  by  unremitted  and  arduous  intellec- 
tual and  moral  exertion  become  a  light,  a  star,  among 
the  names  of  my  country.     May  it  be  !  " 

There  was  a  village  debating  society  at  Kennett 
Square,  and  Bayard's  diaries  and  letters  show  him  fre- 
quently going  to  the  village  to  take  part  in  the  discus- 
sions and  readings.  "  The  first  essay  I  ever  wrote," 
is  his  memorandum  on  a  school-boy  composition,  "  On 
the  Art  of  Painting,"  which  he  read  before  the  Ken- 
nett Literary  Circle  in  December,  1838  ;  and  in  1840 
an  account  sent  to  his  father  of  a  visit  made  to  the 
battle-field  on  the  Brandywine  was  printed  in  the  West 
Chester  "  Register,"  much  to  the  concern  of  the  young 
writer,  who  was  painfully  impressed  by  the  number  of 
printer's  errors  which  had  crept  in.  In  1841  was 
printed  in  the  "  Saturday  Evening  Post"  of  Philadel- 


SURROUNDINGS  AND  EARLY  LIFE.  21 

phia  the  first  of  the  poems  which  emerged  from  the 
seclusion  of  the  young  poet's  blank-books.  It  is  en- 
titled "Soliloquy  of  a  Young  Poet;"  and  while  it  is 
neither  better  nor  worse  than  many  of  the  poems 
which  he  was  then  writing,  it  has  an  interest  as  a 
record  of  the  dreams  which  were  making  the  life 
about  him  seem  poor  and  thin. 

A  dream  !  —  a  fleeting  dream  ! 
Childhood  has  passed  with  all  its  joy  and  song, 
And  my  life's  frail  bark  on  youth's  impetuous  stream 

Is  swiftly  borne  along. 

High  hopes  spring  up  within  ; 
Hopes  of  the  future  —  thoughts  of  glory  —  fame 
Which  prompt  my  mind  to  toil,  and  bid  me  win 

That  dream  —  a  deathless  name. 

When  morning's  golden  glow 
Beams  on  the  eastern  sky  ;  in  twilight's  shade  ; 
When  the  pale  moon  lights  up  the  world  below  — 

In  all  her  pomp  arrayed  : 

By  light  of  evening's  star 
Which  looketh  down  with  an  unslumbering  eye  % 
Like  a  lone  watcher,  gazing  from  afar,  — 

Its  station  in  the  sky. 

When  in  the  sultry  noon 
The  wearied  songsters  seek  the  cooling  rill ; 
At  morn,  at  eve,  by  light  of  midnight  moon, 

They  haunt  me  still. 

Around  my  youthful  soul 
Their  adamantine  chains  are  firmly  cast  ; 
Yes,  they  have  bound  me  in  their  stern  control, 

Which  e'er  shall  last. 

I  know  it  all  is  vain  ; 
That  earthly  honors  ever  must  decay, 


22  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

That  all  the  laurels  bought  by  toil  and  pain 

Must  pass,  with  earth,  away. 

But  still  my  spirit  high 
Longing  for  fame  won  by  th'  immortal  mind  — 
On  Fancy's  pinion  fain  would  scale  the  sky, 

And  leave  dull  earth  behind. 

Yes,  I  would  write  my  name 
With  the  star's  burning  ray  on  heaven's  broad  scroll, 
That  I  might  still  the  restless  thirst  for  fame 

Which  fills  my  soul. 

Another  dream,  which  he  committed  shyly  and  with 
hesitation  to  his  diary,  and  to  the  one  bosom  friend  of 
his  early  days,  was  coming  to  exercise  a  very  potent  in- 
fluence over  him.  When  he  was  a  child  at  Ruth  Ann 
Chambers's  school,  Mary  Agnew,  who  also  went  there, 
whispered  with  a  blush  to  the  teacher,  "  May  I  sit  be- 
side Bayard  ?  "  They  had  been  school-mates  also  at 
Samuel  Martin's,  and  neighbors  always.  Now  his 
work,  his  plans,  and  his  thoughts  took  on  a  new  color 
which  deepened  in  tone,  month  by  month. 


CHAPTER  IT. 

FIKST  VENTUKES. 
1842-1844. 

And  with  impassioned  exultation, 
I  reveled  in  the  rage  of  Song  1 

V Envoi  (to  "  Rhymes  of  Travel  "  ). 

When  Bayard  Taylor's  schooling  drew  near  its 
close  he  began  to  cast  about  for  a  livelihood.  There 
was  some  thought  of  his  going  to  Philadelphia  to  study 
engraving,  and  he  had  evidently  the  possibility  in  his 
mind  that  he  might  be  a  painter.  The  work  which  he 
did  in  teaching  at  the  Unionville  Academy  during  the 
last  part  of  his  course  there  was  ill  paid  and  irksome 
to  him.  He  disliked  the  rough  manners  of  the  place ; 
he  hated  to  whip  the  boys,  and  made  the  punishment 
as  perfunctory  as  possible.  Even  a  whipping  may 
become  a  slight  passport  to  fame,  and  one  of  Bay- 
ard's pupils  enjoys  now  a  tardy  pride  in  having  been 
whipped  by  a  poet. 

Still,  when  he  came  back  to  his  father's  farm  in  the 
early  summer  of  1842,  he  made  an  effort  to  obtain  a 
school,  as  the  nearest  means  of  support.  He  did  not 
succeed,  and  after  a  few  weeks  of  farm  life  he  was 
apprenticed  for  a  term  of  four  years  to  Henry  E. 
Evans,  a  printer  in  West  Chester,  and  publisher  of 
the  "Village  Record."  For  one  who  could  not  be 
made  a  farmer,  had  no  liking  for  teaching,  and  showed 
a  genuine  fondness  for  books  and  writing,  the  most 


24  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

direct  training  was  plainly  to  be  had  in  the  printing 
office.  The  "  Village  Record  "  was  printed  tipon  the 
old-fashioned  hand-press,  and  it  was  the  business  of 
the  apprentices  to  set  the  type,  help  make  up  the 
paper,  pull  the  forms,  and  send  the  weekly  issues  off 
to  the  subscribers.  The  mechanical  work  was  soon 
learned;  the  young  apprentice  was  tall  and  strong, 
and  he  found  leisure  for  the  pursuits  which  had  already 
become  the  business  of  his  life.  There  was  a  circu- 
lating library  in  the  town  book-store,  and  every  noon 
and  evening  Bayard  resorted  to  it  for  his  books,  de- 
vouring especially  poetry.  It  is  noticeable  how  quick 
he  was  to  discern  the  soul  of  poetry  without  the  aid 
of  special  introductions.  Nothing  shows  the  poetic 
mind  more  clearly  than  a  generous  and  catholic  taste, 
which  is  independent  of  fame  and  reputation.  A  mu- 
sical verse,  a  fine  image,  were  not  lost  upon  him  be- 
cause he  came  upon  them  in  the  corner  of  a  country 
newspaper ;  and  while  he  had  an  ardent  admiration  for 
great  poets,  he  gave  them  his  love  for  what  they  had 
achieved  in  poetry,  and  not  merely  for  the  rank  which 
they  held.  Nevertheless,  there  was  mingled  with  his 
interest  in  poets  and  poetry  a  genuine  patriotic  ardor. 
With  all  his  eagerness  to  know  foreign  life  and  scenes, 
there  was  none  of  that  half -impatient  sense  of  Amer- 
ican crudity  which  a  nearer  acquaintance  with  cities 
and  men  might  have  given  him.  To  him  in  his  coun- 
try village  the  nation  to  which  he  belonged  was  a  glo- 
rious one,  and  the  poets  in  it  who  had  published  books 
were  admitted  at  once  into  the  fellowship  of  literature 
with  a  simple  confidence  in  the  democracy  of  the  re- 
public of  letters. 

"  By  the  way,"  he  writes  to  a  comrade  at  this  time, 
"  what  do  you  think  of  Bryant  as  a  poet,  and  espe- 


FIRST   VENTURES.  25 

cially  of  '  Thanatopsis '  ?  For  my  part,  my  admiration 
knows  no  bounds.  There  is  an  all-pervading  love  of 
nature,  a  calm  and  quiet  but  still  deep  sense  of  ev- 
erything- beautiful.  And  then  the  high  and  lofty  feel- 
ing which  mingles  with  the  whole  !  It  seems  to  me 
when  I  read  his  poetry  that  our  hearts  are  united,  and 
that  I  can  feel  every  throb  of  his  answered  back  by 
mine.  This  is  what  makes  a  poet  immortal.  There 
are  but  few  who  make  me  feel  so  thrillingly  their 
glowing  thoughts  as  Bryant,  Longfellow,  Whittier, 
and  Lowell  (all  Americans,  you  know),  and  these  I 
love.  It  is  strange,  the  sway  a  master  mind  has  over 
those  who  have  felt  his  power.  I  felt  the  greatest 
sorrow  at  the  death  of  Channing ;  as  much  so,  per- 
haps, as  if  he  were  a  near  and  dear  friend.  But  you 
must  be  tired  of  this ;  when  I  get  started  on  this  sub- 
ject I  cannot  break  off ;  I  would  only  advise  you  to 
read  '  Thanatopsis '  over  again  and  again,  for  you  can- 
not feel  it  in  its  true  beauty  at  first." 

The  critical  hints  of  contemporary  poetry  which  he 
came  upon  in  the  journals  of  the  day  were  seldom  of 
much  service,  but  he  was  helped  now  and  then  by  such 
penetrating  criticism  as  that  by  Poe,  for  example,  on 
Tennyson,  to  which  he  referred  when  himself  publish- 
ing an  article  on  the  English  poet,  many  years  after- 
ward. "  I  still  remember,"  he  says,  "  the  eagerness 
with  which,  as  a  boy  of  seventeen,  after  reading  his 
paper,  I  sought  for  the  volume;  and  I  remember 
also  the  strange  sense  of  mental  dazzle  and  bewilder- 
ment I  experienced  on  the  first  perusal  of  it.  I  can 
only  compare  it  to  the  first  sight  of  a  sunlit  landscape 
through  a  prism  :  every  object  has  a  rainbowed  out- 
line. One  is  fascinated  to  look  again  and  again, 
though  the  eyes  ache."  x 

1  Essays  and  Notes,  "Tennyson,"  p-   14. 


26  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

The  period  during  which  he  worked  for  Mr.  Evans 
was  one  of  great  productiveness,  and  though  few  of 
the  poems  then  written  were  ever  published  except  in- 
newspapers,  and  none  were  retained  by  him  in  his  col- 
lective works,  it  was  undoubtedly  a  time  when  his  fac- 
ulty for  composition  was  very  active,  when  he  was 
gaining  confidence  in  his  powers  and  was  forming  his 
style.  One  of  his  poems,  the  longest  which  he  under- 
took at  this  time,  had  been  begun  at  Unionville.  At 
first  he  gave  it  the  name  of  "  Rosalie,"  and  his  diary 
contains  frequent  references  to  his  progress  in  the 
poem.  He  had  published  several  poems  in  the  "  Sat- 
urday Evening  Post "  of  Philadelphia,  with  which 
Mr.  Rufus  W.  Griswold,  also  editor  of  "  Graham's 
Magazine,"  was  connected,  and  out  of  the  correspond- 
ence with  Mr.  Griswold  there  came  the  first  literary 
friendship  which  the  young  poet  formed.  When  writ- 
ing in  March,  1843,  to  a  school  friend,  he  speaks  with 
a  shy  and  happy  pride  of  the  little  opening  which  he 
had  made :  — 

"  I  have  met  with  strange  things  since  I  wrote  last. 
Last  November  I  wrote  to  Mr.  Griswold,  sending  a 
poem  to  be  inserted  in  the  '  Post.'  However,  I  said 
that  it  was  my  highest  ambition  to  appear  in  '  Gra- 
ham's Magazine.'  Some  time  ago  I  got  an  answer. 
He  said  he  had  read  my  lines  '  To  the  Brandywine,' 
which  appeared  in  the  '  Post,'  with  much  pleasure,  and 
would  have  put  them  in  the  magazine  if  he  had  seen 
them  in  time.  He  said  the  poem  I  sent  him  would  ap- 
pear in  April  in  the  magazine,  and  requested  me  to 
contribute  often  and  to  call  on  him  when  I  came  to 
town.     I  never  was  more  surprised  in  my  life." 

Mr.  Griswold  was  one  of  the  literary  magnates  in 
that  thin  but  promising  period  of  our  literature.     He 


FIRST   VENTURES.  27 

was  editor  of  the  leading  literary  magazine,  he  had 
edited  "  Poets  and  Poetry  of  America,"  and  if  his  di- 
mensions have  shrunk  in  the  course  of  time  he  was 
then  an  important  personage,  whose  advice  and  help 
were  sought  and  valued.  To  Bayard  Taylor  he  was  a 
serviceable  friend  just  when  the  young  author  desired 
introduction  to  the  larger  world  of  literature,  and  he 
helped  him  to  the  publication  of  his  first  volume  of 
verse. 

"  I  called  on  Griswold  when  down,"  he  writes  to  a 
friend,  October  10,  1843,  "  and  had  an  interview  with 
him.  He  had  part  of  a  Romance  in  poetry  ["  Rosalie," 
re-named  "Ximena"]  which  I  have  been  writing, 
and  strongly  advised  me  to  publish  it  with  my  other 
poems  in  a  volume.  I  have  it  nearly  done,  —  about 
a  thousand  lines ;  I  have  not  concluded  whether  to  do 
so  or  not,  but  a  few  of  my  friends  to  whom  I  men- 
tioned it  urged  me  to  follow  his  advice.  I  confess 
my  inclination  prompts  me  to  do  so,  but  it  may  not  be 
altogether  prudent.  However,  I  place  great  confidence 
in  his  judgment  and  the  judgment  of  my  friends.  I 
wish  I  could  show  it  to  you,  for  I  can  depend  on  your 
honest  and  candid  opinion,  and  you  are  considerable 
of  a  critic  in  such  matters.  But  what  I  want  to  know 
is  this :  what  would  be  the  cost  of  printing  five  hun- 
dred copies,  of  about  eighty  pages  duodecimo  (I  be- 
lieve), something  like  Whittier's  'Lays  of  my  Home,' 
including  binding,  etc.,  all  expenses.  You  can  per- 
haps give  me  some  idea.  If  I  publish  it,  it  will  not 
be  before  March  next." 

The  answer  which  he  received  was  so  far  encourag- 
ing that  he  wrote  again  to  the  same  friend,  December 
26 :  "  The  price  was  less  than  I  expected,  and  I  find 
I  can  readily  raise  enough  subscribers  to  pay  the  ex- 


28  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

pense  of  publication.  I  have  therefore  fully  concluded 
to  issue  the  volume,  in  pursuance  of  which  object  I 
shall  visit  Philadelphia  in  two  or  three  weeks.  I  sup- 
pose the  work  could  be  printed  and  bound  in  a  week, 
and  I  intend  to  have  everything  correct,  so  that  the 
proof  need  not  be  sent  up.  My  principal  motive  for 
publishing  it  is  to  gain  a  small  sum  towards  defraying 
the  expenses  of  preparing  for  my  voyage  to  the  West 
Indies.  I  also  wish  to  obtain  the  critical  judgment  of 
some  of  the  best  literary  characters,  which  can  be  ob- 
tained in  no  other  way.  I  do  not  dread  condemna- 
tion, for  if  I  have  to  bear  'it  I  would  rather  do  it  now 
than  at  a  future  time,  for  errors  would  now  be  attrib- 
uted to  youth  and  inexperience  which  would  then  have 
no  excuse.  I  have  no  expectation  of  figuring  in  the 
literary  world  now,  nor  would  I  wish  it ;  my  object  is 
not  to  attempt  to  create  a  '  sensation.'  " 

"  I  am  still  distrustful  of  my  abilities,"  he  wrote  to 
another  young  friend,  "  though  when  I  contrast  this 
time  with  just  three  years  ago,  when  my  first  article 
was  published,  I  see  much  cause  for  encouragement. 
I  have  thought  much  since  of  Griswold's  offer,  and 
am  much  more  inclined  to  follow  his  advice,  though 
my  mother  is  opposed  to  it."  The  young  poet  had  his 
way,  as  most  young  poets  do,  and  his  friends  of  his 
own  age  were  ready  with  their  encouragement ;  but  it 
helps  one,  in  reckoning  the  influences  which  were  about 
Bayard's  early  life,  to  find  his  mother  and  one  of  her 
friends,  who  was  always  a  wise  counselor  of  Bayard, 
earnestly  debating  the  wisdom  of  publishing  "  Xi- 
mena,"  and  engaged  in  special  criticism  of  the  poem. 

"  The  boy  is  quite  spirited  on  our  hands,"  writes  the 
friend  to  Mrs.  Taylor,  "  but  notwithstanding  he  dis- 
plays so  much  decision  in  opposition  to  old  women's 


FIRST    VENTURES.  29 

opinions,  let  us  not  withhold  them.  '  Experience 
teaeheth  knowledge,'  and  those  hateful  words,  '  I  told 
you  so,'  sometimes  contain  meaning-  drawn  from  expe- 
rience. Bayard  has  frankly  committed  himself  into 
our  clutches,  and  as  old  women,  in  common  parlance, 
are  only  permitted  their  tongues,  the  broom,  and  the 
tongs  as  weapons  of  offense  or  defense,  he  must  expect 
to  be  assailed  by  the  first  mentioned,  at  least,  of  these 
war  implements. 

"  But,  seriously,  I  am  decidedly  opposed  to  publish- 
ing the  poem ;  though  nothing  serious  would  likely 
arise  from  it,  he  might,  perhaps,  be  disappointed  in  a 
ready  sale  of  the  remaining  portion.  I  would  like  to 
know  how  much  fact  there  is  in  the  tale,  or  whether, 
as  a  whole,  it  may  be  taken  as  the  invention  of  a  fer- 
tile imagination.  The  plot  is  more  finished  than  I 
thought  when  I  spoke  with  thee  :  the  heroes  fall  in 
love,  pass  through  difficulty,  and  are  married,  which 
generally  closes  a  romance.  In  my  humble  opinion,  if 
Bayard  will  continue  to  cultivate  his  talent  without  in- 
dulging an  anxiety  to  reap  immediate  pecuniary  ad- 
vantage from  it,  he  will  be  able  to  produce  that  which 
will '  create  a  sensation '  without  his  wishing  it.  I  hope 
his  principal  desire  to  write  is  prompted  by  the  pleas- 
ure it  affords  him,  for  this  will  insui-e  success.  Fame 
is  but  an  empty  bubble,  but  the  author  of  a  well-writ- 
ten poem,  which  with  the  beauty  of  its  poetic  diction 
diffuses  a  love  or  admiration  for  the  higher  attributes 
which  govern  human  actions,  is  a  benefactor  to  his 
race."  Then  follows  a  detailed  criticism  of  "  Ximena," 
shrewd  and  discriminating,  with  a  due  admixture  of 
pride  in  her  young  friend. 

It  was  a  trial  to  Bayard  to  be  compelled  to  ask  sub- 
scriptions for  his  forthcoming  volume,  but  there  was 


30  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

no  other  way,  and  by  his  own  solicitations  and  those  of 
his  friends  enough  subscribers  were  obtained  to  secure 
the  publication,  and  early  in  February,  1844,  appeared 
"  Ximena ;  or,  the  Battle  of  the  Sierra  Morena,  and 
other  Poems.  By  James  Bayard  Taylor.  '  I  am  a 
youthful  traveler  in  the  way.'  Henry  Kirke  White. 
Philadelphia:  Herman  Hooker,  178  Chestnut  Street, 
MDCCCXLIV."  It  was  dedicated  "  To  Kufus  W. 
Griswold,  as  an  expression  of  gratitude  for  the  kind 
encouragement  he  has  shown  the  author." 

None  of  the  fifteen  poems  contained  in  this  little 
volume  were  ever  after  included  by  the  author  in  any 
edition  of  his  writings.  They  form  a  faint  prelude  to 
the  fuller  and  stronger  verse  which  he  was  to  write, 
and  are  chiefly  interesting  for  the  indication  which 
they  give  of  an  early  mastery  of  form,  and  for  the  ab- 
sence of  any  reference  to  the  love  which,  at  the  time 
they  were  written,  held  so  large  a  place  in  his  thought. 
Either  through  timidity  or  reserve  he  does  not  seem  to 
have  made  his  verse  to  half  reveal  a  secret  which  he 
cherished,  but  he  used  the  inspiration  of  nature  and 
heroism  and  patriotism,  besides  putting  into  his  poetry 
some  of  that  serious  contemplation  of  life  which  be- 
longs inevitably  to  the  young  poet.  The  salt  with 
which  the  poetry  is  savored  is  the  glow  and  fervor  of 
an  ardent  mind,  and  it  was  this  rather  than  any  fine 
art  in  his  verse  which  won  him  friends  among  those  to 
whom  the  little  volume  was  an  introduction. 

It  is  clear  that  the  author  himself  had  no  immoder- 
ate delight  in  the  book,  or  unreasonable  expectation 
from  its  publication.  He  delivered  his  manuscript  to 
Mr.  Griswold,  and  saw  nothing  of  it  again  until  the 
printed  sheets  were  placed  in  his  hands.  When  it 
was  bound,  he  supplied  his  subscribers  and  sent  a  few 


FTEST    VENTURES.  31 

copies  to  the  press  and  to  the  men  of  letters  whose 
judgment  he  desired.  The  book  served  its  purpose. 
It  brought  him  a  little  money  and  a  few  pleasant  let- 
ters, but  chiefly  it  gave  him  a  new  confidence  and 
quickened  the  impulses  which  had  been  working  in  his 
nature.  A  volume  of  poems  published  by  a  young- 
man  of  nineteen  was  a  rarer  thing  then  than  it  is  now, 
and  the  publication  conferred  a  certain  distinction 
upon  the  author.  Whatever  his  rank,  he  was  among 
the  poets,  and  though  he  did  not  at  all  overestimate 
the  poetic  value  of  his  volume,  he  could  not  help  hav- 
ing a  consciousness  which  was  much  more  than  a  se- 
cret sense  of  how  others  looked  upon  him ;  it  was  a 
sense  of  having  taken  a  step  forward. 

"  It  is  useless  to  deny,"  he  writes  to  a  friend  with 
whom  he  was  consulting  about  the  publication  of 
"Ximena,"  "that  I  have  cherished  hopes  of  occupying 
at  some  future  day  a  respectable  station  among  our 
country's  poets.  I  believe  all  poets  are  possessed  in  a 
greater  or  less  degree  of  ambition ;  it  is  inseparable 
from  the  nature  of  poetry.  And  though  I  may  be 
mistaken,  I  think  this  ambition  is  never  given  without 
a  mind  of  sufficient  power  to  sustain  it,  and  to  achieve 
its  lofty  object.  Although  I  am  desirous  of  a  share 
of  the  world's  honors,  yet  with  all  the  sincerity  I  pos- 
sess I  declare  that  my  highest  ambition  is  to  do  good, 
to  raise  the  hopes  of  the  desponding,  to  soothe  the 
sorrows  of  the  afflicted.  I  believe  that  poetry  owns 
as  its  true  sphere  the  happiness  of  mankind.  Its  use, 
as  Channing  says,  'is  to  lift  the  mind  out  of  the 
beaten,  dusty,  weary  walks  of  life,  to  raise  it  into  a 
purer  element,  and  to  breathe  into  it  a  more  profound 
and  generous  emotion.'  Several  secondary  considera- 
tions also  impel  me  on.     I  wish  to  win  a  name  that 


32  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

the  person  who  shall  be  chosen  to  share  with  me  the 
toils  of  life  will  not  be  ashamed  to  own,  and  because  I 
know  it  will  gladden  the  hearts  of  my  parents.  Hence 
it  has  always  been  my  greatest  care  to  let  no  line  go 
before  the  public  that  could  have  an  evil  influence, 
but  to  endeavor  as  much  as  possible  to  exalt  and  en- 
noble the  soul.  How  far  I  have  succeeded  it  is  not 
for  me  to  judge.  " 

Bayard's  letters  and  diaries  during  the  two  years 
of  his  apprenticeship  disclose  a  growing  impatience  of 
the  limitations  of  his  life,  an  uncontrollable  restless- 
ness, and  a  keen  sense  of  his  need  of  larger  opportuni- 
ties. The  work  of  the  printing-office,  when  once  mas- 
tered, became  drudgery ;  the  associations  among  which 
he  moved  were  distasteful ;  he  found  relief  in  the  so- 
ciety of  friends  at  Kennett  Square  and  in  his  poetry, 
but  he  was  constantly  planning  an  escape  from  his  un- 
congenial circumstance.  It  was  not  hard  work  which 
wore  upon  him,  but  the  repression  of  all  that  he  cared 
for ;  and  so  intolerable  had  his  situation  become  that 
in  looking  back  upon  it  afterward  he  saw  very  clearly 
that  his  breaking  away  from  it  was  his  only  chance  of 
health  and  spirit. 

"As  the  poetic  element  in  my  nature,"  he  writes  in 
the  autobiographic  sketch  from  which  we  have  already 
quoted,  "  was  predominant,  and  felt  itself  hemmed  in 
on  all  sides  by  the  entire  want  of  sympathy  and  en- 
couragement, I  determined  to  procure  better  opportu- 
nities for  education.  I  hungrily  read  all  European 
works  of  travel,  and  my  imagination  clothed  foreign 
countries  with  a  splendid  atmosphere  of  poetry  and 
art.  I  felt  as  if  I  were  sitting  in  an  exhausted  re- 
ceiver, while  the  air  which  should  nourish  my  spiritual 
life  could  only  be  found  in  distant  lands.     My  desire 


FIRST   VENTURES.  33 

to  visit  Europe  grew  with  the  difficulties  that  stood 
in  my  path.  The  two  continents  were  much  farther 
apart  then  than  now  ;  in  our  quiet  community  the  un- 
dertaking seemed  gigantic,  and  my  enthusiasm  on  the 
subject  was  considered  little  short  of  madness." 

He  had  already  taken  one  short  journey  in  his  own 
country,  in  the  first  year  of  his  apprenticeship,  a  half- 
humorous  account  of  which  he  gives  in  the  paper 
"  The  First  Journey  I  ever  Made."  l  It  carried  him 
as  far  as  the  Catskills,  for  his  ambition  had  long  been 
to  see  veritable  mountains,  and  he  closes  his  narrative 
with  the  words,  "  This  was  my  first  moderate  essa3r, 
at  the  age  of  eighteen.  And  I  advise  all  callow  youths 
who  think  it  an  easy  matter  to  tramp  over  the  whole 
world  to  make  a  similar  trial  trip,  and  get  their  en- 
gines into  good  working  order  before  fairly  putting 
out  to  sea."  He  never  allowed  his  own  engines  to  get 
rusty,  for,  while  negotiating  for  the  publication  of 
"  Ximena,"  he  used  to  make  the  journey  to  and  from 
Philadelphia,  a  distance  of  thirty  miles,  on  foot. 

His  first  purpose,  in  publishing  his  volume  of  poems, 
was  to  secure  money  enough  to  carry  him  to  the  West 
Indies,  but  all  other  desires  became  absorbed  in  the  one 
passion  for  travel  and  study  in  Europe.  His  cousin, 
Frank  Taylor,  was  about  to  go  abroad,  and  urged  Bay- 
ard to  accompany  him.  The  obstacles  in  the  way 
seemed  insurmountable.  As  he  says,  such  a  journey 
was  a  far  more  serious  undertaking  then  than  now ; 
his  parents  were  opposed  to  it,  he  had  two  years  more 
of  his  apprenticeship  to  serve,  and  neither  he  nor  his 
friends  had  money.  He  wrote  to  various  people  who 
could  advise  him  as  to  the  expense  of  the  journey,  and 
all  the  answers  which  he  received  named  sums  which 

1   At  Home  and  Abroad,  i.  1-13. 


34  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

were  prohibitory.  The  books  which  volunteered  sim- 
ilar information  were  equally  discouraging,  but  How- 
itt's  "  Rural  Life  in  Germany  "  gave  shape  to  certain 
vague  ideas  which  he  had,  and  convinced  him  that  it 
was  possible  to  make  the  journey  on  foot,  after  cross- 
ing the  Atlantic,  at  much  less  expense  than  others 
had  estimated. 

He  has  given  in  the  introductory  chapter  of  "  Views 
Afoot "  1  a  lively  account  of  the  difficulties  which  he 
encountered,  but  the  greatest  difficulty  of  all  he  could 
not  there  record,  for  it  was  too  personal  in  its  charac- 
ter. He  was  bound  to  his  home  by  the  strongest  ties 
of  affection,  and  his  sensitive  nature  was  racked  by 
the  struggle  which  took  place  when  he  was  drawn  out 
into  the  larger  world  by  half-understood  aspirations, 
and  held  back  by  the  appeals  to  his  affection  and 
sense  of  duty.  He  had  a  friend  who  possessed  his  full- 
est confidence,  and  the  ,cirpumstance  of  that  friend's 
loss  of  a  mother  drew  out  Bayaid's  sympathy,  which 
passed  naturally,  before  the  letter  was  done,  into  a 
passionate  expression  of  his  own  troubles. 

"  When  I  left  you  last  and  went  on  alone  toward 
this  place,  I  experienced  as  severe  a  mental  struggle 
as  I  ever  felt.  It  is  one  of  those  few  which  happen 
in  the  life  of  almost  every  one.  It  seemed  to  be  an 
era  in  my  life  when  I  must  decide  on  my  after-destiny ; 
it  was  a  crisis,  which  I  seemed  instinctively  to  feel 
was  either  to  carry  me  on  to  that  station  in  the  hearts 
of  men  which  is  my  highest  ambition,  or  to  condemn 
me  to  a  life  of  obscurity  and  spiritlessness.  I  know 
how  much  my  parents  felt,  how  opposed  they  were 
to  my  going  to  Europe ;  for  though  they  did  not  say 
so,  I  could  plainly  see,  and  I  knew  by  my  mother's 

1  See  edition  of  1855,  and  subsequent  ones. 


FIRST   VENTURES.  35 

voice  the  anxiety  with  which  she  looked  upon  it,  and 
the  opposition  of  many  of  my  friends,  my  absence 
from  Mary  ;  on  the  other  hand,  the  aspirations  of  my 
childhood,  the  dream  of  my  youth.  Italy  !  and  Greece ! 
the  wild  enthusiasm  with  which  I  should  tread  those 
lands,  and  view  the  shrines  '  where  young  Romance 
and  Love  like  sister  pilgrims  turn ; '  the  glorious  emo- 
tions of  my  soul,  and  the  inspiration  I  should  draw 
from  them,  which  I  now  partly  feel.  How  my  heart 
leaps  at  the  sound  of 

'  Woods  that  wave  on  Delphi's  steep, 
Isles  that  gem  the  JEgean  deep.' 

The  isles  of  Greece  !  hallowed  by  Homer  and  Milton 
and  Byron !  My  words  are  cold  and  tame  compared 
with  my  burning  thoughts.  But  I  wander.  The  strug- 
gle within  me  was  very  great.  In  spite  of  all  my  en- 
deavors, tears,  which  I  had  not  shed  for  years,  rushed 
to  my  eyes,  and  I  wept  like  a  child.  My  feelings  had 
been  too  highly  wrought  up.  I  could  not  bear  to  give 
my  parents  pain,  and  it  almost  seemed  to  me  like  re- 
linquishing life  to  relinquish  my  glorious  dream  of 
the  Old  World.  Then,  my  love !  John,  I  thank  God 
I  have  such  a  friend  as  you,  who  can  feel  and  compre- 
hend emotions  which  it  would  be  painful  for  me  to 
bear  '  in  silence  and  alone.'  I  sat  down  by  the  road- 
side, for  it  was  then  dark,  and  looking  to  heaven 
through  my  blinding  tears  fervently  prayed  for 
strength  of  spirit  to  sustain  me  in  my  conflict  with 
the  world.  And  the  struggle  in  my  breast  ceased, 
and  I  felt  that  the  path  which  was  to  lead  me  onward 
and  upward  was  that  which  was  the  desire  of  my  soul. 
I  have  since  written  to  my  mother,  and  feel  almost 
certain  that  she  will  be  satisfied  to  let  me  2:0.     But 


36  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

you,  —  would  it  be  hoping  too  much  to  think  of  you 
accompanying  us  ?  It  is  in  your  power,  and  it  will  be 
worth  a  thousand  times  the  trouble  it  will  cost  you,  to 
accompany  us.  Think  of  the  Rhine,  the  Alps,  the 
Apennines,  the  Coliseum,  Vesuvius,  Paestum,  the  Par- 
thenon and  Acropolis,  Parnassus,  Delphi,  Corinth, 
and  Marathon  !  I  cannot  paint  too  strongly  the  ad- 
vantages and  enjoyments  of  such  a  tour,  but  will  you 
not  go  ?  Prank  is  a  glorious  companion  for  traveling, 
and  how  much  it  would  add  to  the  enjoyment  of  travel 
to  go  together  !  But  I  am  hardly  in  the  mood  for 
writing  thus,  and  will  leave  the  remainder  of  my  per- 
suasions till  I  see  you.  Perhaps  some  that  I  have 
written  may  seem  foolish  even  to  you ;  not  foolish,  but 
wild,  visionary.  It  may  be  so,  but  if  it  is  I  would 
rather  be  visionary  than  sober  and  wise." 1 

His  resolution  did  not  fail  him.  He  succeeded  in 
obtaining  the  consent  of  his  parents,  and  in  buying 
from  Mr.  Evans  the  remainder  of  his  apprenticeship 
time.     It  only  remained  now  to  procure  the  necessary 

1  The  friend  to  whom  Bayard  Taylor  wrote  was  John  B.  Phil- 
lips, and  many  of  his  most  confidential  letters  in  early  life  were 
addressed  to  him.  Mr.  Phillips  was  a  native  of  Kennett,  studied 
medicine  in  Paris,  and  afterwards  settled  in  St.  Paul,  Minnesota, 
where  he  passed  the  rest  of  his  life  in  the  practice  of  his  profes- 
sion and  in  the  office  of  State  Commissioner  of  Statistics.  He 
was  a  man  of  strong  character  and  of  marked  literary  tastes,  as 
his  translations  from  Heine  and  other  German  poets  as  well  as 
his  own  sonnets  show.  He  had  a  singular  experience  once  in  be- 
ing seized  at  Basel  on  account  of  his  resemblance  to  Mazzini.  It 
was  only  after  the  intervention  of  the  United  States  Minister, 
Mr.  Jay,  that  he  was  released,  .and  the  Swiss  government  was 
compelled  to  pay  two  thousand  francs  damages.  When  Dr.  Phil- 
lips died,  at  the  age  of  fifty-six,  April  27,  1877,  Bayard  Taylor 
wrote  in  the  "  New  York  Tribune  "  an  obituary  notice  of  his 
friend. 


FIRST   VENTURES.  37 

money  for  the  journey.  His  plan  was  to  make  ar- 
rangements with  editors  to  supply  them  with  letters 
from  Europe,  and  to  secure  enough  money  in  advance 
to  get  well  started,  after  which  he  would  rely  upon 
further  letters,  and  at  a  pinch  upon  his  skill  as  a  com- 
positor. "  Two  weeks  before  the  day  fixed  upon  for 
leaving  home,"  he  writes,  "  I  had  secured  no  employ- 
ment, and  did  not  possess  a  dollar  toward  my  outfit. 
I  then  went  to  Philadelphia,  and  spent  two  or  three 
days  in  calling  upon  all  the  principal  editors  and  pub- 
lishers of  the  city,  but  I  seemed  doomed  to  be  unsuc- 
cessful. At  last,  when  I  was  about  to  return  home, 
not  in  despair,  but  in  a  state  of  wonder  as  to  where 
my  funds  would  come  from  (for  I  felt  certain  they 
would  come),  Mr.  Patterson,  at  that  time  publisher  of 
the  '  Saturday  Evening  Post,'  offered  me  fifty  dollars 
in  advance  for  twelve  letters,  with  the  promise  of  con- 
tinuing the  engagement  if  the  letters  should  be  satis- 
factory. The  Hon.  Joseph  R.  Chandler,  editor  of  the 
'  United  States  Gazette,'  then  made  me  a  similar  offer. 
It  is  needless  to  say  that  I  instantly  and  joyfully  ac- 
cepted both,  and  thus  found  myself  in  possession  of 
one  hundred  dollars.  Mr.  George  P.  Graham  also 
paid  me  liberally  for  some  manuscript  poems,  and  I 
returned  home  in  triumph,  with  a  fund  of  one  hundred 
and  forty  dollars,  which  at  that  time  seemed  sufficient 
to  carry  me  to  the  end  of  the  world." 

His  companions  in  the  enterprise  were  his  cousin, 
Frank  Taylor,  and  a  young  townsman,  Barclay  Pen- 
nock.  In  his  sketch  of  "  A  Night  Walk,"  l  Bayard 
Taylor  has  given  an  entertaining  account  of  the  jour- 
ney by  boat  and  on  foot  which  he  and  his  cousin  took 
to  Washington  in  search  of  passports.     In  their  sim- 

1   At  flame  and  Abroad,  i.  14. 


38  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

plicity  they  knew  no  other  way  than  to  go  to  the  capi- 
tal, present  themselves  to  the  member  of  Congress 
from  their  district,  and  by  him  to  be  taken  to  the 
Secretary  of  State.  At  the  end  of  June,  1844,  they 
said  their  farewells  at  home,  and  went  to  New  York  to 
take  passage  for  England,  "Xiniena  "  had  been  the 
means  of  introduction  to  Mr.  N.  P.  Willis,  who  was 
one  of  the  most  popular  and  influential  men  of  letters 
in  America,  and  Bayard  Taylor  as  soon  as  he  reached 
New  York  called  upon  him. 

"  He  gave  me,"  he  says,  "a  note  of  recommendation, 
with  which  I  visited  the  editors  of  the  leading  journals, 
but  failed  to  make  any  further  engagements,  except 
a  conditional  one  with  Horace  Greeley,  of  the  '  New 
York  Tribune.'  When  I  first  called  upon  this  gen- 
tleman, whose  friendship  it  is  now  my  pride  to  claim, 
he  addressed  me  with  that  honest  bluntness  which  is 
habitual  to  him :  '  I  am  sick  of  descriptive  letters,  and 
will  have  no  more  of  them.  But  I  should  like  some 
sketches  of  German  life  and  society,  after  you  have 
been  there  and  know  something  about  it.  If  the  let- 
ters are  good,  you  shall  be  paid  for  them,  but  don't 
write  until  you  know  something.'  This  I  faithfully 
promised,  and  kept  my  promise  so  well  that  I  am  afraid 
the  eighteen  letters  which  I  afterward  sent  from  Ger- 
many, and  which  were  published  in  the  'Tribune,' 
were  dull  in  proportion  as  they  were  wise.  Mr. 
Willis  also  gave  me  letters  to  some  printers  of  his  ac- 
quaintance in  London,  thinking  they  might  be  useful 
in  case  I  should  be  compelled  to  resort  to  my  handi- 
craft." 

The  friendliness  of  Mr.  Willis  was  the  best  gift 
which  the  young  traveler  could  carry  with  him.  He 
had  just  passed  through  a  severe  ordeal  in  breaking 


FIRST   VENTURES.  39 

away  from  his  home  and  early  associations ;  he  was 
going  into  the  wider  world  of  which  he  had  dreamed, 
and  he  was  going  not  for  adventure,  but  with  an  ardent 
poetic  spirit,  seeking  enlargement  of  his  life  in  prep- 
aration for  a  literary  vocation,  and  it  was  very  much 
to  him  that  one  so  successful  as  Willis  should  take 
him  by  the  hand  and  bid  him  Godspeed.  The  impres- 
sion which  Willis  made  upon  him  and  his  own  sensa- 
tion at  leaving  America  may  be  learned  from  a  letter 
which  he  wrote  the  night  before  he  sailed  to  J.  B. 
Phillips  :  — 

"I  have  just  returned  from  bidding  Willis  farewell, 
and  feel  nearly  as  much  regret  as  on  leaving  home ; 
for  I  never  met  with  one  in  my  life  who  has  won  my 
regard  and  esteem  in  so  short  a  time.  ...  I  will  not 
say  anything  about  leaving  home,  because  I  believe  I 
was  in  a  perfectly  unnatural  state ;  I  cannot  describe 
it  to  you  now,  but  it  was  about  as  if  your  feelings, 
conscience,  and  everything  else  had  suddenly  been  con- 
verted into  adamant  or  limestone ;  for  you  have  some 
experience  in  that  line.  However,  we  got  to  Philadel- 
phia safely,  and  were  occupied  the  next  day  and  a  half 
with  business  ;  I  was  too  busy  to  be  sorry  if  I  wanted 
to  be.  But  I  did  not  want  to.  It  did  not  and  does 
not  seem  like  a  pleasure  excursion ;  it  is  a  duty,  a 
necessity.  I  had  but  little  time  with  Griswold,  but 
found  him  obliging  as  ever.  He  is  going  to  publish  a 
new  edition  of  '  Poets  and  Poetry  of  America '  next 
fall,  and  says  he  will  give  me  a  place  among  the  num- 
ber. He  offered  his  services  in  whatever  manner  I 
might  wish.  ...  I  will  talk  a  little  more  about 
Willis.  Griswold  intended  giving  me  a  letter  of  in- 
troduction, but  had  no  time.  I  called  at  his  house, 
and  on  telling  my  name  he  knew  me  instantly.      On 


40  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

apologizing  for  calling  without  a  letter,  he  said  it  was 
unnecessary,  as  we  knew  each  other  already,  and  began 
conversing  as  familiarly  as  if  we  had  been  old  friends. 
He  commended  my  plan  of  going  very  highly,  and 
gave  me  a  very  flattering  letter  of  recommendation 
to  the  New  York  editors,  but  they  appear  to  be  sup- 
plied, and  a  letter  to  his  brother,  Richard  S.  Willis, 
in  Frankfurt,  Germany.  He  did  many  other  kind- 
nesses for  me,  which  I  shall  not  soon  forget.  I  have 
been  at  his  house  three  or  four  times,  and  when,  this 
afternoon,  he  gave  me  his  parting  '  God  bless  you,'  I 
felt  as  if  I  had  left  a  true  friend.  I  have  not  time  now 
to  give  you  much  of  his  conversation,  but  it  is  daguerre- 
otyped  on  my  memory.  He  looks  very  much  like  the 
portrait  in  '  Graham's  Magazine,'  but  not  quite  so 
young,  although  at  times,  when  he  becomes  animated, 
you  would  not  take  him  to  be  more  than  twenty-four ; 
dresses  with  neatness  and  the  most  perfect  taste,  and 
has  the  very  heau  ideal  of  a  study,  —  you  can  conceive 
of  nothing  more  elegant.  In  fact,  his  poetry  is  visible 
in  everything  around  him." 

It  was  the  1st  of  July,  1844,  when  the  three  trav- 
elers left  New  York  in  the  ship  Oxford,  bound  for 
Liverpool.  They  took  a  second-cabin  passage,  the 
second  cabin  being  a  small  place  amidships,  flanked 
with  bales  of  cotton  and  fitted  with  temporary  berths 
of  rough  planks.  "We  paid  ten  dollars  apiece  for 
the  passage,"  writes  Bayard,  "with  the  privilege  of 
finding  our  own  bedding  and  provisions.  At  a  ware- 
house of  ships'  stores  on  Pine  Street  wharf  we  found 
everything  that  we  needed,  and  received  great  assist- 
ance from  the  salesman,  who  calculated  with  perfect 
honesty  and  exactness  what  articles  we  should  need, 
and  what  quantity  of  each.     In  our  inexperience  we 


FIRST   VENTURES.  41 

should  probably  have  gone  to  sea  but  half  supplied. 
The  ship's  cook,  for  a  small  compensation,  undertook 
to  prepare  our  provisions,  thus  relieving  us  from  one 
of  the  most  disagreeable  necessities  of  a  second-class 
passage.  On  summing  up  our  expenses  we  were  grat- 
ified to  find  that  we  should  reach  Liverpool  at  a  cost 
of  twenty-four  dollars  apiece.  .  .  .  As  the  blue  hills 
of  Neversink  faded  away,  and  sank  with  the  sun  be- 
hind the  ocean,  and  I  first  felt  the  swells  of  the  At- 
lantic and  the  premonitions  of  sea-sickness,  my  heart 
failed  me  for  the  first  and  last  time.  The  irrevocable 
step  was  taken;  there  was  no  possibility  of  retreat, 
and  a  vague  sense  of  doubt  and  alarm  possessed  me. 
Had  I  then  known  anything  of  the  world,  this  feeling 
would  have  been  more  than  momentary ;  but  to  my 
ignorance  and  enthusiasm  all  things  seemed  possible, 
and  the  thoughtless  and  happy  confidence  of  youth 
soon  returned."  * 

1   Views  Afoot,  pp.22,  23. 


CHAPTER  in. 

VIEWS   AFOOT. 

1844-1846. 

People  can't  see  that  if  I  had  not  been  a  poet  I  should  never  have  had  such 
success  as  a  traveler.  —  Letter  to  R.  H.  Stoddard. 

And,  nor  with  gold  nor  knowledge  weighted,  I 
Set  forth,  and  o'er  the  green  Bavarian  land, 
A  happy  wanderer,  fared :  the  hour  was  nigh 
When,  in  the  home  of  Art,  my  feet  should  stand 
Where  Time  and  Power  have  kissed  the  Painter's  hand  ! 

The  Picture  of  St.  John. 

The  Bayard  Taylor  who  thus  left  his  home  to  see 
the  world  was  a  slim,  upright  youth,  with  rich  dark- 
brown  flowing  hair,  lustrous  dark-brown  eyes,  and  an 
expression  which  was  half  of  eagerness,  half  of  melan- 
choly. The  warmth  with  which  he  held  to  his  home 
associations  was  more  than  the  simple  emotion  of  one 
who  had  never  left  his  home,  for  change  of  scene  and 
wider  experience  had  no  power  to  lessen  it.  The  ex- 
hilaration which  he  felt  as  he  trod  the  deck  of  the  ship 
which  was  bearing  him  to  newer  lands  was  accompa- 
nied by  a  wistful  backward  glance,  and  in  his  travels 
there  needed  but  a  touch  of  some  home  instinct  to 
move  him  to  passionate  expression.  Yet  the  impulse 
which  had  driven  him  abroad  came  from  a  clear  sense 
of  the  needs  of  his  nature,  and  he  gave  himself  to  the 
appropriation  of  foreign  life  with  imabating  ardor,  and 
with  a  consciousness  of  an  enlargement  of  his  power. 
On  the  shores  of  Loch  Achray  he  wrote :  — 


VIEWS  AFOOT. 


43 


I  turn  me  from  the  glorious  scene 
Of  mountains  blue  and  forests  green, 
With  braes  and  crystal  lakes  between  — 
My  thoughts  are  far  away  ; 

The  hills  are  crossed,  the  wave  is  passed, 
A  lingering  glance  on  home  is  cast  — 
The  ties  that  bind  the  spirit  fast 
Are  proof  against  decay. 

But  I  shall  gain  a  deeper  thought 
Of  what  within  the.  soul  is  wrought  — 
A  lesson  full  of  feeling  fraught, 
Riches,  but  not  of  earth  ; 

And  hail  with  joy  whate'er  may  still 
In  human  hearts  the  voice  of  ill  — 
The  soul  with  nobler  longings  fill 
And  give  a  purer  birth. 


The  two  years  which  Bayard  Taylor  spent  in  travel 
and  study  were  his  university  education.  It  was  a  ne- 
cessity with  him  to  acquire  knowledge  rather  through 
the  medium  of  experience  and  observation  than  by  the 
authority  of  others.  In  speaking  of  the  printed  results 
of  his  early  journeys,  he  has  said,  "  It  is  the  work  of 
a  boy  who  was  trying  to  learn  something,  but  with  a 
very  faint  idea  of  the  proper  method  or  discipline ; 
who  had  an  immense  capacity  for  wonder  and  enjoy- 
ment, but  not  much  power  as  yet  to  discriminate  be- 
tween the  important  and  the  trivial,  the  true  and  the 
false."  In  looking  back  upon  the  period  he  was  per- 
haps more  sensible  of  his  immaturity  of  judgment  than 
of  the  freshness  and  spontaneity  of  his  expression ;  but 
although  he  deprecated  the  importance  which  people 
continued  to  attach  to  his  venture,  he  never  overlooked 
the  significance  which  it  had  in  the  development  of  his 
powers. 


44  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

The  book  wliich  gathers  the  observations  and  expe- 
rience of  these  two  years  remains  as  a  full  record.  His 
own  free  outline  in  his  autobiographic  sketch  will 
serve  to  place  the  external  life  quickly  before  the  read- 
er's mind.  "  I  knew  absolutely  nothing  of  the  world, 
not  even  at  home,  but  the  ignorance  of  youth  is  its 
courage.  After  landing  in  Liverpool  with  two  friends 
who  were  in  a  similar  condition,  I  spent  three  weeks 
in  a  walk  through  Scotland  and  the  north  of  England, 
and  then  traveled  through  Belgium  and  up  the  Rhine 
to  Heidelberg,  where  I  arrived  in  September,  1844. 
The  winter  1844-45  I  spent  in  Frankfurt  on  the  Main, 
and  by  May  I  was  so  good  a  German  that  I  was  often 
not  suspected  of  being  a  foreigner.  I  started  off  again 
on  foot,  a  knapsack  on  my  back,  and  visited  the 
Brocken,  Leipzig,  Dresden,  Prague,  Vienna,  Salzburg, 
and  Munich,  returning  to  Frankfurt  in  July.  A 
further  walk  over  the  Alps  and  through  Northern 
Italy  took  me  to  Florence,  where  I  spent  four  months 
learning  Italian.  Thence  I  wandered,  still  on  foot, 
to  Rome  and  Civita  Vecchia,  where  I  bought  a  ticket 
as  deck-passenger  to  Marseilles,  and  then  tramped  on 
to  Paris  through  the  cold  winter-rains.  I  arrived 
there  in  February,  1846,  and  returned  to  America 
after  a  stay  of  three  months  in  Paris  and  London.  I 
had  been  abroad  for  two  years,  and  had  supported  my- 
self entirely  during  the  whole  time  by  my  literary 
correspondence.  The  remuneration  which  I  received 
was  in  all  $500,  and  only  by  continual  economy  and 
occasional  self-denial  was  I  able  to  carry  out  my  plan. 
I  saw  almost  nothing  of  intelligent  European  society ; 
my  wanderings  led  me  among  the  common  people,  but 
literature  and  art  were  nevertheless  open  to  me,  and  a 
new  day  had  dawned  in  my  life." 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  45 

The  ensfao'ements  which  he  had  made  with  various 
newspapers  determined  the  character  of  his  literary 
work  during  these  two  years.  He  began  by  commit- 
ting the  details  of  observation  and  reflection  to  his 
note-books  and  fuller  journal,  sometimes  sketching 
.scenes  and  figures,  and  then  making  a  free  transcript 
for  the  professional  letters  upon  which  he  relied  to  meet 
the  expense  of  his  journey.  Gradually  he  fell  into  the 
way  of  making  these  letters  independent  of  his  private 
journal.  He  had,  in  truth,  three  audiences  before 
whom  he  was  constantly  appearing :  the  public,  his 
family,  and  himself.  He  wrote  to  the  newspapers 
with  an  ingenuousness  which  drew  his  readers  to  him, 
but,  after  all,  he  did  not  take  them  into  his  confidence 
so  thoroughly  as  they  might  suppose.  With  the  read- 
iness gained  by  constant  practice,  he  wrote  rapidly  and 
effectively  of  the  new  impressions  made  upon  him  as 
he  passed  from  one  place  to  another,  or  encountered 
successive  phases  of  life  at  Frankfurt  or  Florence  ;  but 
with  the  increase  of  freedom  in  thus  reporting  his 
daily  life,  he  was  able  to  withdraw  himself  more  com- 
pletely into  the  seclusion  of  his  own  thought  when 
writing  in  his  journal.  Even  at  the  outset  the  printed 
description  of  his  travels  is  very  reserved  beside  the 
freedom  and  abandon  which  he  displays  in  his  private 
diaries,  and,  in  comparing  the  two  records,  one  may 
often  get  a  closer  view  of  the  ardent  youth,  even  when 
he  is  occupied  chiefly  with  external  things.  Thus,  in 
his  diary,  near  the  end  of  his  Atlantic  voyage,  he 
makes  the  entry  :  — 

"  Morning  of  the  25'\  —  Hurrah  for  land,  for  it  IS 
within  sight,  though  the  heavy  fog  prevents  us  from 
seeing  it.  But  we  are  in  lat.  56°,  or  off  the  Hebrides, 
and   but   thirty   miles   from   shore.      The    southwest 


46  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

wind  comes  to  us  strongly  freighted  with  the  '  meadow 
freshness  of  the  Irish  bogs.'  And  it  is  indeed  a  pleas- 
ant smell,  recalling  many  a  pleasant  hour  of  wander- 
ing by  streams,  and  hunting  wild  flowers  in  thickets, 
and  wadinsc  marshes  for  water-lilies.  Land-birds  have 
come  near  us,  as  if  to  cheer  us  for  our  long  journeying 
over  the  pathless  water,  and  repay  us  by  their  presence 
for  the  deprivation  of  a,  sight  of  their  home.  Oh !  if 
the  mist  could  rise  up  like  a  veil  from  the  ocean,  and 
show  us  Ben  Lomond,  standing  blue  in  the  dim  dis- 
tance, the  first  herald  of  the  romantic  land  we  ap- 
proach !  Now  that  we  are  so  near  the  Old  World,  I 
feel  a  kind  of  fear,  that  I  cannot  at  first  realize  my 
situation.  I  have  so  long  and  ardently  wished  to  visit 
the  scenes  hallowed  by  the  spirit  of  many  a  mighty 
bard,  or  consecrated  by  noble  deeds  of  the  men  of 
former  times,  or  marked  by  acts  of  tyranny  or  crime, 
and  standing  as  silent  but  eloquent  lessons,  bequeathed 
to  us  by  antiquity,  that  now,  when  I  shall  behold  them, 
I  fear  I  cannot  reconcile  the  real  with  the  ideal.  The 
anticipation  has  been  so  like  reality  that  the  reality 
may  seem  as  dream-like  and  vague.  I  can  scarcely 
think  I  am  3,500  miles  from  home ;  although  I  see  the 
ocean  around  me,  it  appears  as  if  just  behind  the 
western  horizon  lay  my  native  land. 

"  Friday,  July  26,  1844.  —  This  morning,  like  a 
glorious  vision,  the  Old  World  dawned  upon  my  view  ! 
A-t  sunrise,  when  we  rose,  just  under  the  golden  flood 
of  light  that  streamed  throvigh  the  morning  clouds,  lay 
afar  off  and  indistinct  the  crags  of  an  island,  with  top 
of  a  light-house  visible  at  one  extremity.  While  we 
gazed,  a  storm,  which  was  gathering  along  the  horizon, 
seemed  to  be  discharging  its  wrath  upon  the  waters ; 
and  when  it  had  rolled  somewhat  to  the  northward,  we 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  47 

beheld,  its  outline  almost  invisible,  so  completely  was 
it  blended  in  hue  with  the  veiling  cloud,  a  lofty  moun- 
tain, looming  up  blue  and  shadowy  as  the  landscape  of 
a  dream.  While  I  was  looking  at  it,  we  had  drawn 
nearer  to  the  island,  which  began  to  present  a  beauti- 
ful and  interesting  appearance.  The  dim  and  soft  out- 
line it  wore  at  first  was  broken  into  a  range  of  crags, 
with  lofty  precipices  jutting  out  to  the  sea,  and  sloping 
off  inland.  As  we  passed  to  the  north  side,  the  white 
wall  of  the  light-house  shone  against  the  dim  hills  be- 
hind, and  the  cliffs  near  to  us  were  of  the  most  airy 
and  ethereal  hue.  In  front  was  a  range  of  breakers, 
marked  by  a  line  of  foam  along  the  coast ;  the  whole 
scene  was  so  new  and  picturesque  that  I  felt  all  the 
enthusiasm  which  such  a  scene  is  calculated  to  excite. 
It  appears  to  be  Tory  Island,  on  the  northern  coast  of 
Ireland  ;  we  are  now  going  direct  toward  Scotland, 
which  we  shall  see  this  afternoon.  The  island  has  dis- 
appeared behind  us,  but  I  have  secured  two  sketches 
of  it  as  a  memento  of  my  first  view  of  the  Old  World. 
Southward  of  us  stretches  the  long  range  of  hills, 
forming  the  headlands  of  the  Irish  coast ;  the  wind  is 
fair,  the  sunshine  bright,  and  my  spirits  in  a  most  joy- 
ous mood.  It  was  worth  all  the  troubles  and  miseries 
of  a  long  voyage  to  see  the  island  in  the  golden  light 
of  morn,  with  its  airy  cliffs  and  white  walls  gleaming 
in  the  sunshine,  and  feel  all  the  glorious  excitement  of 
viewing  this  herald  of  new  scenes  and  new  delight, — 
this  gate  to  the  romance  and  poesy  of  a  glorious 
clime  !  " 

When  he  had  passed  through  the  first  excitement  of 
the  Old  World  and  had  settled  himself  to  regular  work, 
his  diary  becomes  more  completely  the  repository  of 
thoughts  and  emotions  which  he  could  not  commit  even 


48  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

to  his  most  intimate  friends  at  home  ;  indeed,  it  no 
doubt  served  as  a  safety-valve  to  an  overcharged  sensi- 
bility. Meanwhile,  besides  these  two  forms  of  expres- 
sion, and  the  poems  which  fell  as  the  more  ripened 
form  of  his  sentiment,  he  wrote  many  letters  to  his 
family  and  circle  of  friends  at  Kennett  Square.  These 
letters,  penned  in  delicate  characters  upon  square 
sheets,  every  available  inch  of  which  was  cultivated, 
were  passed  from  hand  to  hand  and  jealously  treas- 
ured. Looking  at  them  now,  with  their  yellow  hue, 
frayed  edges,  and  folds  weak  through  repeated  hand- 
ling, one  can  imagine  the  meaning  which  they  held  at 
the  time  to  writer  and  receivers.  They  are  crowded 
with  incidents  and  with  minute  details  of  the  personal 
life  of  the  traveler  in  connection  with  the  people  with 
whom  he  associated,  and  they  overflow  with  eager 
questions  regarding  affairs  at  home,  comments  on 
home  news,  and  messages  to  one  and  another.  They 
brought  back  letters  which  reproduce  the  life  at  Ken- 
nett Square,  the  good-natured  envy  of  the  younger 
members  and  the  affectionate  solicitude  of  the  older 
ones,  who  see  in  the  boy  away  from  home  one  who  is 
exposed  to  new  and  perilous  experience  of  life.  The 
creed  which  was  held  with  such  firmness  and  loyalty 
in  the  little  Pennsylvania  village  was  applied  with 
earnestness  and  undoubting  sincerity  to  the  conscience 
of  the  wanderer.  Thus  the  ties  between  the  traveler 
and  his  home  were  never  consciously  loosened. 

The  most  important  step  which  Bayard  Taylor  took 
was  in  his  resolution  to  be  domesticated  in  Germany 
during  the  first  winter,  and  there  make  himself  famil- 
iar with  the  German  language,  and  so  much  of  its  lit- 
erature as  time  would  permit.  He  had  already  shown 
something  of  that  facility  in  acquiring  language  which 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  49 

was  to  be  so  marked  a  characteristic  of  his  intellectual 
disposition.  He  reached  his  results  by  a  directness 
which  corresponded  with  the  attitude  of  his  mind  to- 
ward all  subjects  upon  which  he  fixed  his  attention. 
The  magnetism,  to  call  it  by  a  convenient  term,  which 
made  him  friendly  at  once  with  those  who  had  common 
cause  with  him,  was  only  another  manifestation  of  a 
nature  which  appropriated  external  things,  not  by  slow 
analysis,  but  by  quick  apprehension. 

He  describes  in  "  Views  Afoot  "  his  life  in  Frank- 
furt in  the  family  of  Herr  Schenck-Rinck,  and  with 
the  companionship  of  Mr.  Richard  Storrs  Willis,  who 
was  then  studying  music  there.  It  was  the  fact  of 
Mr.  Willis's  presence  that  determined  him  to  make 
selection  of  the  place  and  family,  and  the  change  from 
Kennett  Square  to  Frankfurt  was  one  which  had  a 
positive  influence  upon  him.  He  had  been  too  short 
a  time  on  the  way  to  gather  much  from  the  people 
whom  he  had  passed  in  his  journey,  but  now  he  was 
established  in  a  new  home  which  afforded  many  con- 
trasts to  the  one  which  he  had  left.  A  pure  moral  at- 
mosphere pervaded  both,  but  there  the  likeness  ceased. 
The  tendency  at  Kennett  was  to  restraint  and  repres- 
sion of  feeling,  issuing  often  in  a  real  impoverishment, 
and  having  the  outward  appearance  of  inhospitality. 
Bayard  Taylor  had  suffered  from  this,  and  it  was  the 
desire  to  escape  into  a  freer  air  which  had  so  much  to 
do  with  his  determination  to  travel.  Now  he  found 
himself  in  a  society  where  the  impulses  to  the  dem- 
onstration of  feeling  were  obeyed  with  an  unchecked 
spontaneity.  What  to  many  Ameincans  would  have 
been  a  violation  of  the  conventions  of  emotion  was  to 
him  a  surprise,  a  relief,  and  a  great  pleasure.  Most 
persons  of  English  training  are  rendered  uneasy  by 

VOL.   I.  4 


50  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

German  effusiveness,  but  his  native  sensibility  re- 
sponded to  it  with  sincere  thankfulness. 

So  sympathetic  a  nature  could  scarcely  resist  the 
impression  thus  made  upon  it,  and  while  there  resulted 
a  catholicity  of  temper,  which  had  always  been  latent 
in  him,  he  was  at  first  drawn  into  an  excess  of  senti- 
mentality, which  was  stimulated  by  his  absence  from 
home  and  by  the  half -home  life  now  granted  to  him. 
It  finds  frequent  expression  in  his  letters  and  diaries, 
and  shows  itself  in  the  poems  which  he  then  wrote  but 
did  not  print.  The  reader  of  "  Views  Afoot "  will 
have  observed  how  much  he  was  attracted  by  what 
struck  him  as  the  poetic  side  of  German  life,  as  in- 
stanced in  the  celebration  of  Christmas. 

His  appearance  as  he  entered  the  Frankfurt  life  is 
shown  in  a  paper  of  reminiscence  which  Herr  Schenck- 
Einck  published  after  Bayard  Taylor's  death  :  "  The 
young  travelers  reached  Heidelberg  in  September 
[1844],  where  Taylor's  cousin  remained  to  continue  his 
studies,  whilst  the  former,  in  company  with  Barclay 
Pennock,  after  hurriedly  admiring  the  splendid  situ- 
ation of  the  famous  college-town,  wandered  along  the 
beautiful  Bergstrasse  toward  Frankfurt.  Here  they 
searched  with  some  difficulty  for  Richard  S.  Willis, 
who  was  studying  the  science  of  harmony,  under 
Schnyder  von  Wartensee.  Willis  was  living  in  the 
house  of  the  writer,  and  so  it  happened  that  when  we 
were  all  gathered  in  the  family  circle,  on  the  evening 
of  the  1st  of  October,  Taylor  and  Pennock  were  sud- 
denly announced.  I  shall  never  forget  the  first  sight 
of  Taylor.  He  was  a  tall,  slender,  blooming  young 
man,  the  very  image  of  youthful  beauty  and  purity. 
His  intellectual  head  was  surrounded  by  dark,  curly 
hair  ;  the  glance  of  his  eyes  was  so  modest,  and  yet  so 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  51 

clear  and  lucid,  that  you  seemed  to  look  right  into  his 
heart."  * 

Bayard  Taylor's  own  appreciation  of  his  German 
friends  appears  in  frequent  references  to  the  hospi- 
table family  with  whom  he  lived,  especially  in  letters 
to  his  mother;  to  her  also  he  writes  of  the  quickening 
of  which  he  and  his  companions  were  conscious. 

"  One  can  know  nothing  of  a  country  from  the  out- 
side. What  a  world  of  traveler's  prejudices  have  I 
read,  and  did  I  not  now  know  better,  what  a  strange 
idea  woidd  I  not  have  of  Germany  !  And  yet  they 
say  one  can  learn  anything  from  books  just  as  well 
as  by  traveling.  We  could  not  have  learned  in  two 
years,  in  fact  we  never  could  have  learned  to  feel 
as  we  now  do,  though  it  is  but  six  months  since  we 
left  home.  The  principal  advantage  it  has  been  to  us 
I  could  scarcely  make  you  understand,  since  it  is  only 
evident  to  ourselves  as  yet.  I  mean  its  effect  on  the 
mind,  which  has  been  as  surprising  as  it  is  sudden. 
Thought  seems  to  have  taken  a  sudden  growth,  fetters 
of  which  we  were  not  before  aware  have  been  broken, 
and  we  are  continually  surprised  in  what  a  broader 
light  many  subjects  are  presenting  themselves." 

The  very  enlargement  which  this  experience  had 
given  to  his  mind  had  its  effect  in  making  him  ready 
to  extend  his  horizon.  The  Frankfurt  life,  with  all 
its  revelation  of  German  nature,  was  somewhat  re- 
stricted. Kennett  had  been  one  station  from  which 
to  look  out  on  the  world,  and  he  who  left  it  was  able 
to  see  a  little  farther  than  they  who  stayed  behind. 
Frankfurt  was  another  such  station.  As  Ba}  ard  Tay- 
lor went  deeper  into  German  literature  and  became 
more  familiar  with  the  life  of  the  country,  he  felt  that 

l  Diclaskalia.     Frankfurt,  April  G,  1871). 


52  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

while  he  had  not  exhausted  the  society  in  which  he  had 
been  living,  there  lay  outside  of  it  a  larger  Germany, 
and  beyond  with  its  art  was  Italy.  So,  when  spring 
came,  he  closed  his  books,  and  took  his  staff  again. 
"  Six  months,"  he  says  in  his  diary,  "  in  a  small  city 
in  a  stranger-land  is  enough  to  make  one  tired,  even 
though  he  has  friends  there  who  have  made  him  a 
home.  The  Alps  and  Italy  are  before  us,  and  who 
would  linger  longer  than  the  season  allowed  in  a  place 
so  near  ?  Not  I,  no,  —  we  must  be  off.  I  feel  op 
pressed,  cramped,  confined,  —  hinaus  ins  JFreief  " 

None  the  less,  to  break  away  again  from  a  home 
life  and  take  leave  of  friends  was  no  light  thing  with 
him,  and  brought  back  a  stronger  desire  to  be  through 
with  his  wanderings  and  back  in  America ;  and  when,  a 
few  weeks  later,  he  bade  a  final  farewell  to  his  Frank- 
furt friends,  he  committed  to  his  diary  the  regretful 
thoughts  which  possessed  him.  "  How  often,"  he 
writes,  "  will  the  old  bridge,  with  its  view  up  the 
Main  over  the  houses  of  Oberrad  to  the  far  moun- 
tains of  the  Odenwald,  rise  freshly  and  distinctly  in 
my  memory  when  I  shall  have  been  long  absent  from 
them !  How  often  shall  I  hear  in  fancy,  as  I  do  now 
in  reality,  the  heavy  tread  of  passers-by  on  the  rough 
pavement  below,  and  the  deep  bell  of  the  Cathedral 
chiming  the  swift  hours  with  a  hollow  tone  that  seems 
to  warn  me  how  I  employ  them  !  Yes,  even  this  old 
room  with  its  bare  walls,  little  table  and  chairs,  which 
I  have  thought  and  studied  in  so  long  that  it  seems 
difficult  to  think  and  study  anywhere  else,  will  crowd 
out  of  the  memory  images  of  many  a  loftier  scene.  If 
I  only  preserve  for  the  future  the  hope  and  the  trust 
which  have  cheered  and  sustained  me  here  through 
the  sorrow  of  absence  and  the  anxiety  of   uncertain 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  53 

toil,  it  will  be  well.  And  there  has  been  many  a 
pleasant  hour  here,  too.  I  have  rushed  many  a  time 
in  at  the  door,  wild  with  delight  at  a  letter  from 
home,  and  sat  here  at  the  window  and  read  over  and 
over  again  those  dear  messages,  till  my  heart  was 
^warm  with  the  words  of  kindness,  and  I  looked  up, 
half  expecting  to  see  faces  full  of  affection  beaming 
upon  me.  Willis  has  often  sat  on  the  sofa  behind  me, 
while  we  have  talked  away  many  an  hour  in  friendly 
converse  and  the  chords  of  his  guitar  and  the  touch 
ing,  feeling  swell  of  his  song  seem  still  to  fall  on  the 
air  with  a  soft  vibration,  as  if  their  echoes  had  not 
yet  died  away.  The  watch  ticks  hollow  on  the  stand, 
and  there  is  only  now  and  then  a  footfall  in  the  street 
to  break  the  deep  silence." 

In  Italy,  and  especially  in  Florence,  where  he  made 
his  longest  stay,  Bayard  Taylor  came  into  a  world  of 
beauty  in  art  and  nature,  and  the  transition  from  the 
limited  life  he  had  led  into  this  generous  sphere  was  a 
change  from  winter  to  summer.  Heretofore  he  had 
satisfied  his  love  of  beauty  chiefly  through  the  reading 
of  poetry,  where  Keats  had  stood  for  the  most  sensuous 
form,  and  by  a  close  acquaintance  with  the  simple  na- 
ture in  which  he  had  been  bred,  but  he  had  a  latent 
passion  for  the  exuberance  of  a  warmer  clime.  There 
was  an  Orientalism  in  nature  which  he  early  discov- 
ered, even  before  he  was  brought  into  familiar  knowl- 
edge of  the  actual  East.  Thus  he  used  to  greet  the 
first  dandelion  of  the  year  with  delight ;  it  was  to  him 
a  symbol  of  the  ascendency  of  the  sun ;  and  in  the 
early  fall  he  welcomed  the  pale  pink  flower  of  the 
centaury  plant,  and  its  spicy  odor  with  its  faint  sug- 
gestion of  the  East.  His  diary  is  laden  with  minute 
descriptions  of  glorious  scenery,  which  was  the  feast  of 


54  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

his  eyes  as  lie  trudged  over  the  Alps  into  the  valleys 
of  Northern  Italy,  and  now  he  was  to  kindle  at  those 
objects  which  have  made  Italy  the  material  in  which 
the  artistic  imagination  works,  —  the  cities,  the  men 
and  women,  and  the  treasures  which  mark  the  tri- 
umphs of  plastic  and  pictorial  art.  It  was  with  a 
vivid  recollection  of  these  first  impressions  that  he  af- 
terward wrote  :  — 

On, — on,  through  broadening  vale  and  brightening  sun 

I  walked,  and  hoary  in  their  old  repose 

The  olives  twinkled  :  many  a  terrace  rose, 

With  marbles  crowned  and  jasmine  overrun, 

And  orchards  where  the  ivory  silk-worm  spun. 

On  leafy  palms  outspread,  its  pulpy  fruit 

The  fig-tree  held  ;  and  last,  the  charm  to  close, 

A  dark-eyed  shepherd  piped  a  reedy  flute. 

My  heart  beat  loud:  I  walked  as  in  a  dream 

Where  simplest  actions,  touched  with  marvel,  seem 

Enchanted  yet  familiar  :  for  I  knew 

The  orchards,  terraces,  and  breathing  flowers, 

The  tree  from  Adam's  garden,  and  the  blue 

Sweet  sky  behind  tbe  fight  aerial  towers  ; 

And  that  young  faun  that  piped,  had  piped  before,  — 

I  knew  my  home  :  the  exile  now  was  o'er  !  x 

He  set  down  with  frankness  his  impressions  of  pic- 
tures, glad  when  he  found  them  confirmed  by  those 
of  men  trained  in  criticism,  and  modest  in  holding 
to  his  own  opinions  when  they  were  not  thus  sus- 
tained ;  but  he  was  a  student,  and  wrote  himself  down 
so.  His  slight  proficiency  in  the  use  of  the  pencil 
enabled  him  to  keep  many  notes  which  were  of  value 
to  himself,  and  he  carried  into  the  churches  and  gal- 
leries an  artistic  perception  which  grew  firmer  by 
use. 

1  The  Picture  of  St.  John,  I.  xvii.,  xviii. 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  55 

He  won  the  friendship  of  Powers,  the  sculptor,  while 
in  Florence,  and  through  his  kindness  made  the  ac- 
quaintance of  Americans  and  Englishmen.  He  de- 
scribes himself,  in  one  of  his  letters  home,  as  mincing 
along  on  tip-toe  in  the  muddy  streets  of  Florence,  with 
his.  hands  in  his  pockets,  sometimes  exciting  attention 
with  his  student  beaver  and  length  of  hair,  which  had 
not  been  cut  for  six  months  ;  he  had  not  at  all  the  air 
of  a  man  of  the  world,  but  he  had  then,  as  later,  an 
ingenuous  bearing  and  a  winning  personality  which 
drew  men,  women,  and  children  to  him,  and  made 
him,  unconventional  and  unsophisticated  as  he  was, 
welcome  in  all  circles  which  he  entered.  A  slight  in- 
cident which  he  narrates  gives  a  charming  illustration 
of  the  subtle  power  of  attraction  which  he  possessed : 
"  I  know  of  nothing  that  has  given  me  a  more  sweet 
and  tender  delight  than  the  greeting  of  a  little  child, 
who,  leaving  his  noisy  playmates,  ran  across  the  street 
to  me,  and  taking  my  hand,  which  he  could  barely 
clasp  in  both  his  soft  little  ones,  looked  up  in  my  face 
with  an  expression  so  winning  and  affectionate  that  I 
loved  him  at  once."  x 

"With  all  his  eagerness  to  see  men  of  note,  he  was 
shy  of  making  advances ;  when  the  opportunity  did 
come,  he  accepted  it  with  freedom  and  an  ease  which 
was  born  of  native  simplicity.  Mendelssohn  he  sought, 
and  Freiligrath,  but  he  found  a  special  charm  in  the 
English  and  American  society  at  Florence.  The  pleas- 
ure which  he  had  in  the  work  of  Mr.  Powers  was 
heightened  by  the  friendliness  with  which  he  was  re- 
ceived into  the  sculptor's  family.  He  wrote  some  lines 
upon  Mr.  Powers' s  daughter,  then  a  child,  and  also 
upon  the  sculptor's  Eve,  which  impressed  his  imagina- 

1    Views  Afoot,  chapter  xxix. 


56  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

tion  strongly.  It  was  in  response  to  this  poem  that 
Mr.  Powers  wrote  to  him :  — 

HIRAM   POWERS   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Florence,  October  9,  1845. 

I   have  received   from   our   mutual   friend,  Mr.   T ,  the 

charming  verses  composed  by  you  upon  my  statue  of  Eve,  and 
I  regret  that  Providence,  so  liberal  to  you  in  beautiful  thoughts 
and  refined  expression,  has  denied  me  the  power,  even  in  plain 
prose,  of  conveying  to  you  my  sense  of  the  high  compliment 
which  you  have  paid  to  my  work.  I  cannot  flatter  myself  that 
it  deserves  such  praise,  and  I  suspect  that  your  young  and  vigor- 
ous imagination  dreamed  of  the  charms  of  the  real  mistress  of 
Eden  rather  than  realized  them  in  my  marble.  The  true  poet 
sheds  his  own  light  and  heat  upon  objects  around  him,  thus  mak- 
ing things  cold  and  inanimate  in  themselves  warm  and  beaming 
with  borrowed  life,  and  to  him  they  are  often  indebted  for  that 
immortality  which  otherwise  they  had  never  obtained. 

Mind  remains  immortal  while  matter  perishes,  and  who  shall 
say  that  your  verses  may  not  remain  the  only  record  of  my  statue 
of  Eve  long  after  it  has  returned  in  fragments  to  the  earth  from 
which  it  was  taken  ?  With  many  thanks  for  your  beautiful  com- 
pliment and  your  good-will,  believe  me,  my  dear  sir,  most  sin- 
cerely yours,  Hiram  Powers. 

While  in  Florence  Bayard  Taylor  was  separated 
from  his  cousin,  who  had  returned  to  Germany  to  con- 
tinue his  studies  there,  and  he  wrote  him  several  let- 
ters in  which  he  passed  quickly  from  one  incident  to 
another,  sketching  his  plans  for  the  future,  retailing 
bits  of  home  gossip  which  he  had  received,  and  con- 
fiding the  story  of  his  financial  difficulties  and  escapes. 
It  is  from  these  letters  that  the  following  extracts  are 
made :  — 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO  FRANKLIN  TAYLOR. 

Florence,  October  26,  1845. 
.  .  .  Perhaps  you  would  like  to  know  what  we  have  been  doing 
since  you  left.     Well,  there  have  been  manifold  incidents.     We 
got  back  the  next  morning  after  leaving  you  at  Siena,  after  stuff- 


VIEWS  A  FOOT.  57 

ing  ourselves  "  considerably  "  with  the  splendid  grapes  the  pretty 
peasant  girls  gave  us.     At  the  expiration  of  the  month  we  kept 

the  same  rooms,  T taking  them  with  us,  as  we  found  we 

could  do  no  better.  We  have  changed  our  living  so  as  only  to 
eat  twice  a  day,  on  account  of  the  expense,  and  we  get  along 
very  well  this  way  by  dining  at  three.  Some  time  after  you  left, 
I  wrote  a  poem  on  Powers'  Eve,  and  sent  it  round  to  him  by 

T .     He  was  very  much  pleased  with  it,  and  invited  me  to 

visit  him.  I  have  now  become  quite  well  acquainted  with  him, 
and  go  there  often.  He  has  a  sweet  wife  and  tbree  or  four  chil- 
dren. You  remember  those  English  children  whom  we  saw  in 
the  Boboli  Gardens,  and  admired  because  they  spoke  Italian  so 
beautifully  ?  —  those  are  his.  I  have  made  friends  of  them,  and 
like  them  very  much.  Powers  is  a  very  interesting  man,  and  full 
of  genius.  He  has  the  greatest  fund  of  comical  stories  I  ever 
heard,  and  tells  them  in  such  an  inimitable  manner  that  we  are 
kept  in  a  roar.  He  borrowed  and  read  "  Ximena,"  and  sent  me, 
besides,  a  most  beautiful  note  in  reply  to  the  poem,  as  well  as  of- 
fering me  the  use  of  his  library. 

At  his  house  I  met  Kellogg,  an  American  painter  of  very 
great  talent,  who  has  been  traveling  in  Greece,  Egypt,  Syria, 
Asia  Minor,  and  Turkey.  I  have  been  to  his  studio,  and  looked 
over  some  hundreds  of  sketches  which  he  brought  back.  He 
was  at  Thebes,  was  thirty  days  on  and  around  Mount  Sinai,  and 
spent  nine  months  in  Constantinople.  He  has  set  me  half  crazy 
to  travel  there,  but  I  cannot.  He  showed  me  a  splendid  diamond 
cup,  given  him  by  Riza  Pacha,  Grand  Vizier  to  the  Sultan,  for 
painting  his  portrait,  and  a  snuff-box  of  gold  and  agate,  a  present 
from  Sir  Stratford  Canning.  He  paints  splendidly.  I  have  been 
two  or  three  times  at  Browns.  They  are  very  agreeable  people. 
Richard  A.  Locke,  author  of  the  "  Moon  Hoax,"  has  just  arrived 
here  from  Graefenberg,  and  Browns  promised  to  take  us  in  to 
see  his  family  soon.  I  have  not  seen  Greenough  yet,  but  shall 
visit  his  studio  before  leaving.  Besides  this,  I  have  met  with 
Mr.  Mozier  and  wife,  Mr.  Cameron  and  wife,  Thomas  B.  Ashton, 
of  Philadelphia,  and  one  or  two  other  Americans.  Ives  has  some 
very  fine  things  in  his  studio,  —  I  think  he  is  a  genius.  I  have 
become  very  well  acquainted  with  him,  and  like  him  much  better 
than  at  first.  I  must  tell  you  that  Bryant  was  here  three  or  four 
days,  but  I  did  not  get  to  see  him.  I  did  not  wish  to  call  on  him 
directly,  but  went  to  the  galleries,  hoping  to  meet  him.     The 


58  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Academy  of  Arts  was  open  a  week,  and  there  were  some  very 
fine  pictures  in  them.  .  .  . 

I  have  entirely  finished  the  Giant,  and  made  another  copy, 
with  many  revisions  and  corrections.  T thinks  it  is  a  mag- 
nificent thing,  and,  indeed,  I  begin  to  think  something  can  be 
made  of  it.  I  am,  however,  going  to  copy  it  over  once  again,  and 
make  still  greater  improvements.  I  am  at  a  great  loss  to  find  a 
fitting  name  for  it,  and  have  given  it,  ad  interim,  the  title  "  Be- 
fore Chaos  :  the  Tale  of  a  Hunter."  x  How  would  it  answer  ? 
Beside  this,  I  have  written  a  long  poem,  —  a  story  of  the  fall  of 
Poland,  called  "  Vittoria  Sammski."  It  is  about  four  hundred 
lines  in  length,  and  I  wrote  it  in  three  evenings.  I  wish  I  could 
show  it  to  you,  and  get  your  critical  opinion  of  it.  I  have  deter- 
mined, if  it  is  at  all  possible,  to  have  these  two  poems  and  the 
legend  of  Hamburg  published  hi  London  together  in  one  volume. 
Besides,  having  found,  contrary  to  expectation,  that  the  letters 
about  Italy  (of  which  I  have  finished  twelve)  are  the  best  I  have 
yet  written,  I  have  also  concluded  (always  with  the  proviso,  if  it 
can  be  done)  to  republish  all  the  letters  on  Europe  together  in 
the  cheap  form  in  America  after  my  return,  under  the  title  of 
"  A  Walk  through  Europe."  Don't  you  think  the  title  would 
take  f  I  bave  heard  from  home  that  some  of  my  letters  are  rais- 
ing desires  in  the  minds  of  some  persons  "  which  cannot  easily  be 
gratified."  The  three  wise  men  of  Kennett  have  given  the  exam- 
ple, and  all  of  "  young  America  "  will  soon  be  rushing  across  the 
Atlantic.  To  further  this  design,  as  well  as  carry  out  my  friends' 
wishes  and  my  own,  I  have  determined  to  work  my  way  to 
Greece.  B.  and  I  think  by  walking  from  Naples  to  Otranto, 
across  the  instep  of  the  boot,  we  can  sail  across  the  strait  to 
Corfu,  and  then  swim  to  Albania,  just  opposite.  If  I  get  a  hun- 
dred dollars  and  the  money  you  send  lasts  us  till  we  leave  here, 
I  am  certain  of  being  able  to  do  it,  as  the  amount  we  owe  Schenck 
can  be  left  till  we  get  to  Paris,  where  Barclay  has  ordered  money 
to  be  sent.  Sanders  is  also  going  to  Greece  to  travel  on  foot,  but 
he  will  not  leave  till  January,  whereas  we  want  to  start  from 
here  at  least  by  the  1st  of  December.  I  must  reach  London  early 
in  March,  for  I  want  to  stay  there  two  months  at  least.  .  .  . 

We  are  getting  along  pretty  well  in  Italian.  I  have  finished 
Silvio  Pellico,  and  am  now  reading  the  "  Decamerone  "  of  Boccae- 

1  The  poem  was  finally  named  The  Liberated  Titan:  an  Oregon  Hun' 
ter's  Story,  and  its  fortune  will  be  told  later. 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  59 

cio.  I  have  also  commenced  the  letters  on  Germany  for  the 
"  New  York  Tribune."  I  shall  work  like  a  horse  while  we  stay 
here,  for  there  will  be  no  other  resting-place  of  any  length  be- 
fore we  get  to  Paris,  or  perhaps  London,  for  me. 

November  3,  1845. 

I  was  much  surprised  by  your  letter  this  morning,  as  you  may 
suppose,  for  it  was  as  unpleasant  as  unexpected.  I  begin  to  get 
heartily  tired  of  traveling  in  this  manner,  and  after  reading 
your  letter,  together  with  the  pleasant  epistle  contained  in  it,  I 
almost  determined  to  put  off  for  Rome  and  then  to  Paris  and 
London  without  delay,  as  soon  as  the  money  shall  arrive  ;  that 
is,  to  make  no  stay  at  Paris,  and  go  to  work  in  London  in  some 
way  to  make  enough  money  to  pay  my  passage  home.  I  am 
willing  to  leave  the  last  of  April,  or  sooner,  if  we  go  in  a  sailing 
packet.  That  will  be  in  less  than  six  months,  so  I  think  we  can 
rough  it  that  much  longer.     But  really  it  is  very  disagreeable  to 

be  so  circumstanced.     Mother  wrote  me  that  sent  you  a 

hundred  dollars  to  Heidelberg  tbe  beginning  of  August.  It  must 
be  there  somewhere.  Have  you  made  particular  inquiries  at  the 
post-office  ?  If  I  were  you,  I  would  get  a  German  —  one  who  is 
acquainted  with  some  of  the  men  —  to  go  and  ransack  the  house 
from  top  to  bottom.  It  appears  from  Schenck's  letter  that  he 
received  and  forwarded  my  letter  home,  so  that  tbe  money  will 
certainly  come  some  time  this  month  ;  and  I  want  you,  when  it 
does,  to  send  on  the  draft  immediately,  that  we  may  not  be  de- 
tained here  over  the  month.  Even  if  they  send  me  a  hundred 
dollars,  it  will  hardly  be  enough  to  pay  our  debts  here  and  take 
us  to  Rome  and  Paris,  so  we  want  you  to  send  us  some  besides,  as 
soon  as  you  get  it.  T is  very  obliging,  but  I  know  he  is  be- 
ginning to  run  low  himself  ;  and  I  told  him  at  first  I  could  pay 
him  as  soon  as  you  got  to  Heidelberg,  so  that  I  am  very  anxious 
to  do  it.  It  is  really  a  horrible  condition.  If  there  ever  were 
any  young  men  who  made  the  tour  of  Europe  under  such  difficul- 
ties and  embarrassments  as  we  I  would  like  to  see  them. 

As  you  may  suppose,  we  sympathize  fully  with  your  miseries 
on  the  back  trip,  and  it  made  me  shudder  to  read  your  ascent  of 
St.  Bernard.  I  could  scarcely  keep  from  laughing,  however,  in 
figuring  to  myself  your  arrival  in  Heidelberg.  I  fancied  Fran 
Doctor  jumping  up  and  exclaiming,  "  Ach,  der  Taylor  !  der  Tay- 
lor ! "  while  you,  dilapidated  and  dusty,  would  reply,  "  Ja,  aber 


60  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

mein  Gott,  in  welchem  Zustand !  "     I  had  read  the  whole  letter 

over  to  Barclay  and  T before  I  found  out  at  the  end  that 

you  did  not  want  anybody  to  see  it.  However,  it  made  little  dif- 
ference, as  the  latter  knows  already  some  of  the  difficulties  we 
have  had.  When  I  wrote  you  a  few  days  ago,  I  was  determined 
to  go  to  Greece  some  way  or  other;  but  I  think  now,  sooner  than 
fall  any  more  into  such  situations  as  the  present,  I  shall  have  to 
give  it  up.  I  am  going  to  try  every  method  in  London  to  make 
a  little  money,  and  I  think  I  can  succeed.  We  had  better  go  to 
Boston  than  Philadelphia.  It  will  be  much  preferable,  and 
twenty  dollars  cheaper  in  the  first  cabin.  I  want,  of  course,  to 
go  in  the  first  cabin,  and  I  think  we  can  manage  it  so  as  to  do 
so.  1  have  been  thinking,  too,  that  when  you  go  from  Heidel- 
berg to  Paris  it  would  be  better  to  go  to  Frankfurt  and  get  our 
trunks,  etc.,  than  by  way  of  Cologne  and  Brussels.  By  this  way 
you  could  reach  Paris  in  three  days  at  a  very  little  cost.  When 
I  next  visit  Europe  (which  I  hope  to  do  some  time),  I  will  take 
money  enough  along  at  first  to  last  the  whole  time.  The  having 
to  wait  for  remittances  is  a  great  bore.  I  cannot  remain  in  any 
kind  of  satisfaction  till  I  get  some,  and  I  shall  be  very  anxious 
until  that  comes  from  America.  It  ought  to  reach  Heidelberg, 
at  farthest,  about  the  21st  or  22d  of  this  month.  We  could  then 
get  it  by  the  1st  of  December  here.  If  your  letter  has  miscar- 
ried, I  shall  fear  for  its  safety.  However,  it  has  always  hap- 
pened thus  far  that  the  money  has  come  just  in  the  nick  of 
time,  and  I  think  Providence  will  favor  us  this  time  also.  I  in- 
close Schenck's  letter  in  this  to  save  postage,  and  I  will  tell  him 
to  send  his  answer  to  you,  that  you  may  put  it  in  one  of  yours, 
as  every  letter  costs  between  three  and  four  pauls,  and  we  have 
to  count  every  grazio.  My  clothes  are  nearly  as  bad  as  yours 
were  when  you  got  to  Heidelberg,  nearly  dropping  from  me,  and 
I  cannot  get  them  mended.  What  is  worse,  they  must  last  till 
I  get  to  Paris.  I  must  close,  so  as  to  send  this  off  to-day.  Give 
my  regards  to  all  there,  and  tell  the  Germans  I  am  coming  back 
to  see  them  before  many  years.  I  think  you  are  very  right  in  de- 
voting all  your  time  to  study.  Let  balls,  museums,  and  kneipps 
all  go  to  the  old  Harry,  and  you  lose  nothing  by  it. 

November  14,  1845. 
I  seize  a  half  hour  before  going  to  dinner,  and  before  the 
mail  closes,  to  write  you  a  note.     I  thought  this  morning  my  re- 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  61 

mittance  might  probably  get  to  Heidelberg  about  the  20th  or 
21st,  and  I  want  you,  if  it  is  at  all  possible,  to  send  us  with  it 
about  forty  dollars,  and  I  will  tell  you  the  reason.  It  will  cost 
us  here  till  the  first  of  November,  paying  all  expenses,  about 
fifty  dollars  ;  so  you  see,  how  are  we  to  get  to  Paris  if  we  have 
only  a  hundred  dollars  ?  And  to  stay  here  longer  waiting  for 
more  would  be  a  great  loss  of  time  and  money.  We  could  not 
go  from  here  to  Paris  for  less  than  two  hundred  francs  apiece, 
as  we  would  be  much  longer  on  the  trip  than  you  were  ;  and  per- 
haps more  woidd  be  required.  I  must  get  to  London  by  the  first 
of  March,  or  sooner,  and  I  don't  want  to  remain  longer  in  Flor- 
ence than  the  first  of  December.  If  your  money  does  not  come 
as  soon  as  mine,  could  you  not  borrow  that  much,  as  it  would  be 
much  better  than  that  we  should  be  forced  to  stay  here  a  month 
longer,  spending  all  the  time.  Your  money  has  certainly  been 
sent ;  they  have  most  likely  directed  the  letter  poste  restante,  and 
therefore  it  has  not  been  delivered.     Make  all  inquiries.     We 

are  quite  unpleasantly  situated  here.     T is  very  kind  ;  but 

we  have  run  him  out  of  money  once,  and  before  he  could  get 
more  from  Leghorn  he  had  to  borrow  himself.  Besides,  I  was 
obliged  to  get  a  new  pair  of  pants  for  three  dollars,  as  the  oth- 
ers literally  dropped  in  pieces  from  me.  I  go  to  no  theatre,  or 
anywhere  else,  and  we  all  make  as  little  do  as  possible.  But  you 
see  if  they  send  even  a  hundred  dollars  it  would  be  too  little  to 
get  to  Paris  with.  Besides,  there  will  be  money  awaiting  us 
there,  and  if  you  could  borrow  it  for  two  months,  and  your  own 
money  did  not  come,  we  could  send  at  least  a  part.  If  by  chance 
the  remittance  comes,  and  you  send  it  before  this  reaches  you, 
you  might  send  again  immediately  afterwards.  I  woidd  start 
now  if  I  had  the  money,  as  the  time  is  favorable,  and  I  want  to 
get  to  Paris  as  soon  as  possible.  I  must  go  to  work.  I  am  tired 
of  running  out  so  often,  and  it  would  be  horrible  to  wait  long. 
You  had  better  ask  frequently  at  the  office,  —  perhaps  for  my 
name  too.     I  have  no  time  to  write  more. 

December  8,  1845. 
...  I  was  surprised  throughout  by  the  contents  of  your  let- 
ter, and  to  the  latter  part  I  scarcely  know  what  to  answer.  I 
don't  know  how  it  is,  but  I  feel  a  much  greater  energy  and  de- 
termination to  accomplish  something  than  ever  I  did,  and  I  am 
rather  strengthened  than  disheartened  by  the  difficulties  which  at 


62  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

present  surround  me.  As  you  say  it  is  impossible  to  get  any 
money  at  this  time,  and  I  cannot  wait  till  I  write  to  Dennett  and 
get  an  answer,  I  must  try  to  borrow  fifty  dollars  here  somehow 
or  other.  I  preferred  getting  it  at  Heidelberg,  because  it  could 
so  much  easier  be  paid  back  again.  I  think  Powers  will  lend  it 
willingly,  if  he  can  spare  so  much  ;  if  not,  perhaps  Mr.  Mozier,  a 
rich  Cincinnatian,  who  has  a  great  talent  for  sculpture.  He  told 
me  he  would  make  my  bust  if  I  would  stay  long  enough.  I  shall 
make  endeavors  anyhow,  and  as  soon  as  I  can  get  the  money  for 
the  draft  (about  ten  days)  will  start  for  Rome.  I  shall  go  by 
way  of  Naples,  because  the  French  steamers  are  so  much  cheaper 
that  it  would  not  cost  me  any  more.  I  could  not  go  by  way  of 
Heidelberg,  however  pleasant  it  might  be,  as  it  would  take  much 
longer,  and  the  walk  through  Switzerland  would  be  awful  in  the 
dead  of  winter.  I  want  to  get  to  Paris  by  the  last  of  January, 
and  to  London  before  the  first  of  March. 

I  shall  write  immediately  to  Dennett,  and  tell  him  my  desire 
of  publishing  the  poem.  Powers  is  going  to  get  a  letter  for  rne 
from  Mrs.  Trollope  (who  is  here  now)  to  her  publisher,  and  I  think 
Mr.  Mason,  an  English  artist  who  is  now  in  Rome,  will  perhaps 
give  me  another.  I  shall  need  all  the  reinforcements  I  can  get. 
I  have  now  gone  over  the  poem  for  the  third  time  with  the  great- 
est possible  care,  and  it  is  fast  approaching  the  state  in  which  / 
can  do  nothing  more  for  it.  I  have  finished  twelve  letters  about 
Germany,  on  all  subjects  except  Philosophy,  on  which  I  wish  you 
to  write  a  letter  to  make  the  series  complete  ;  that  is,  a  descrip- 
tion of  the  different  systems,  with  their  influence  on  society,  — 
about  five  pages,  the  way  you  generally  write.  I  want  you  to  have 
it  ready  by  the  time  I  get  to  Paris,  as  I  shall  send  the  whole  set 
from  there.  I  have  brought  the  letters  in  the  "  Post "  up  to  this 
time,  including  ten  letters  about  Florence  and  its  "  Umgebun- 
;gen."  Mother  writes  that  the  letters  are  thought  more  interest- 
ing than  ever.  By  the  way,  I  have  received  still  another  from 
home,  with  no  particular  news,  except  that  they  are  anxious  to  see 
us  all  back  again.  ...  I  tell  you  what,  Frank,  I  am  getting  a 
real  rage  in  me  to  "  carve  out "  my  own  fortune,  and  not  a  poor 
one,  either.  Sometimes  I  almost  desire  that  difficulties  should 
be  thrown  in  my  way,  for  the  sake  of  the  additional  strength 
gained  in  surmounting  them.  However,  all  will  come  out  right 
before  long.  I  think  there  are  better  fortunes  in  store  for  us. 
So  hurrah  !  and  don't  give  up  ! 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  63 

December  19,  1845. 
You  must  not  expect  more  than  a  few  lines  from  me  at  this 
time,  as  I  am  confounded  with  the  distracting  preparations  for 
leaving.  We  start  to-morrow  early,  and  I  have  got  to  pack  up 
my  things  to-night.  We  have  made  out  at  last  to  raise  enough 
of  money  to  get  off,  hy  borrowing  fifty  dollars  of  Powers.  My 
remittance  was  nearly  all  swallowed  up  in  the  expenses  we  had 
incurred,  and,  as  it  is,  we  shall  be  hard  enough  pushed  to  get  to 
Paris.  Powers  has  been  very,  very  kind  to  me  (as,  indeed,  all  the 
Americans),  and,  although  be  has  little  enough  money  himself, 
lent  me  the  sum  with  the  greatest  willingness.  He  mentioned  me 
to  Mrs.  Trollope,  and  she  promised  to  give  him  a  letter  for  me 
to  some  pubbsher.  Then  he  showed  her  my  lines  on  his  Eve. 
He  said  she  read  the  first  stanza,  and  then  exclaimed,  "  Very 
good  ! "  Then  the  second,  which  brought  out  the  exclamation, 
"  Beautiful !  "  The  third  was  "  Charming  !  delightful !  "  And 
so  her  admiration  waxed  with  every  stanza,  so  that  it  is  fortu- 
nate there  were  only  five,  otherwise  she  might  have  been  carried 
away.  She  concluded  with  expressing  the  greatest  interest  and 
a  desire  to  see  me,  so  yesterday  evening  Powers  took  me  to  her 
house.  I  was  very  agreeably  disappointed  in  her  appearance. 
She  seems  like  a  woman  of  kind  heart  and,  I  should  judge,  of 
high  talents.  She  will  give  me  letters  to  her  brother  and  Mur- 
ray the  publisher.  I  have  become  acquainted  with  Richard  Ad- 
ams Locke,  author  of  the  "Moon  Hoax,"  etc.  I  have  strong 
hopes  of  being  able  to  do  something  with  my  poem  hi  London. 

Rome  was  the  farthest  limit  of  his  journey,  and 
here  he  was  distracted  between  the  sights  which  held 
him  and  the  longing  which  he  had  to  visit  Greece. 
After  vainly  seeking  ways  and  means  of  extending  his 
journey,  he  resigned  himself  to  the  inevitable,  and 
wrote  in  his  journal :  — 

"  I  have  spent  much  toil  and  privation  to  reach  here, 
and  now  after  two  weeks'  rambling  and  musing  among 
the  mighty  relics  of  past  glory,  I  turn  my  face  home- 
wards. The  thrilling  hope  I  had  cherished  during  my 
whole  pilgrimage,  that  of  climbing  Parnassus  and 
drinking   from   Castaly,   under   the    blue   heaven   of 


64  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Greece  (both  far  easier  than  the  steep  hill  and  hidden 
fount  of  poesy  which  I  have  only  seen  afar  off),  to  sigh 
for  fallen  art  beneath  the  broken  friezes  of  the  Par- 
thenon, to  look  on  the  isles  of  Homer  and  of  Sappho, 
and  perhaps  sit  in  sadness  beneath  the  hoary  olive-trees 
of  Gethsemane,  the  most  awfully  sacred  spot  on  earth, 
must  be  given  up,  unwillingly  and  sorrowfully  though 
it  be.  These  glorious  anticipations,  among  the  bright- 
est that  ever  blessed  my  boyhood,  are  slowly  wrung 
from  me  by  the  stern  hand  of  necessity.  Even  Naples, 
the  lovely  Parthenope,  where  the  Mantuan  bard  sleeps 
on  the  sunny  shore  by  the  bluest  of  summer  seas,  with 
the  disinterred  Pompeii  beyond  and  Psestum  amid  its 
roses,  on  the  lonely  Calabrian  plain,  —  even  this,  al- 
most within  sight  of  the  cross  of  St.  Peter's,  is  barred 
from  me.  I  have  now  been  rambling  for  more  than  a 
year  and  a  half  over  the  Old  World,  and  the  voices  of 
home  are  beginning  to  call  me  back,  but  it  is  hard  to 
be  compelled  to  turn  in  the  very  midst  of  those  scenes 
which  we  visit  for  their  poetry  alone,  and  be  cut  off 
from  a  world  of  glorious  memories.  But  one  must 
learn  to  make  sacrifices.  Farewell,  then,  since  it  must 
be!" 

The  journey  to  London  by  way  of  Marseilles  and 
Paris  was  one  of  toil  and  disagreeable  adventure.  It 
has  left  its  records  in  his  published  descriptions  ;  but 
his  diaries  show  him  as  more  eager  to  get  through  with 
it  than  disposed  to  make  much  of  it.  There  were  many 
perplexities  in  the  money  affairs  of  the  travelers,  which 
rendered  this  part  of  the  journey  one  of  continual  an- 
noyance, for  their  poverty  compelled  them  to  measures 
which  brought  them  little  return  in  poetry.  At  Paris 
Bayard  Taylor  left  Barclay  Pennock  and  went  on 
alone  to  London. 


Views  afoot.  65 

Both  in  his  letters  to  journals  at  the  time,  and  in  a 
later  paper  upon  "A  Young  Author's  Life  in  London," 1 
he  has  given  an  entertaining  account  of  his  six  weeks' 
stay  in  London,  where  he  essayed  to  put  in  practice 
the  plan  which  he  had  held  in  reserve  of  working  at  his 
trade  of  journeyman  printer,  and  failed  because  the 
rules  of  the  English  trade  forbade  his  employment. 
He  was  at  his  wit's  end  for  means  of  support  when 
Mr.  Putnam,  the  publisher,  who  then  had  an  agency  in 
London,  came  to  his  rescue,  and  he  kept  himself  in 
bed  and  board  till  the  arrival  of  funds  from  America 
enabled  him  to  take  his  return  passage.  During  this 
stay  in  London  he  added  to  his  literary  acquaintance, 
and  made  one  or  two  unsuccessful  attempts  to  dispose 
of  manuscript  poems,  according  to  the  hopes  which  he 
had  entertained  in  his  letters  to  his  cousin. 

"  I  had  in  my  knapsack,"  he  relates,  "  a  manuscript 
poem  of  some  twelve  hundred  lines,  called  '  The  Liber- 
ated Titan,'  —  the  idea  of  which  I  fancied  to  be  some- 
thing entirely  new  in  literature.  Perhaps  it  was.  I 
did  not  doubt,  for  a  moment,  that  any  London  pub- 
lisher would  gladly  accept  it,  and  I  imagined  that  its 
appearance  would  create  not  a  little  sensation.  Mr. 
Murray  gave  the  poem  to  his  literary  adviser,  who  kept 
it  about  a  month,  and  then  returned  it,  with  a  polite 
message.  I  was  advised  to  try  Moxon ;  but  by  this 
time  I  had  sobered  down  considerably,  and  did  not 
wish  to  risk  a  second  rejection.  I  therefore  solaced 
myself  by  reading  the  immortal  poem  at  night,  in  my 
bare  chamber,  looking  occasionally  down  into  the 
graveyard,  and  thinking  of  mute,  inglorious  Miltons. 
The  curious  reader  may  ask  how  I  escaped  the  catas- 
trophe of  publishing  the  poem  at  last.    That  is  a  piece 

i  At  Ilmne  mid  Abroad,  i.  35-48. 
vot,.  i.  5 


66  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

of  good  fortune  for  which  I  am  indebted  to  the  Rev. 
Dr.  Bushnell  of  Hartford.  We  were  fellow-passengers 
on  board  the  same  ship  to  America,  a  few  weeks  later, 
and  I  had  sufficient  confidence  in  his  taste  to  show  him 
the  poem.  His  verdict  was  charitable  ;  but  he  asserted 
that  no  poem  of  that  length  should  be  given  to  the 
world  before  it  had  received  the  most  thorough  study 
and  finish,  and  exacted  from  me  a  promise  not  to  pub- 
lish it  within  a  year.  At  the  end  of  that  time  I  re- 
newed the  promise  to  myself  for  a  thousand  years." 

The  little  glimpse  which  Bayard  Taylor  had  of 
English  literary  society  fired  his  own  zeal  for  author- 
ship and  quickened  his  consciousness  of  fellowship 
with  the  masters  of  literature,  while  it  left  him  dissat- 
isfied with  the  little  which  he  had  so  far  done.  The 
poem  which  he  had  written  on  Powers's  Eve  brought 
him  an  introduction  to  Lockhart,  and  he  was  invited 
by  that  gentleman,  who  was  then  editor  of  the  "  Quar- 
terly Review,"  to  a  breakfast  at  which  he  met  Mr. 
Murray,  the  publisher,  and  Bernard  Barton,  Lamb's 
friend,  the  Quaker  poet.  "  When  I  returned  to  the 
chop-house  that  night,"  he  says,  "to  pore  over  my  own 
despised  poems,  it  was  with  a  savage  bitterness  of 
spirit  which  I  had  never  before  felt.  My  day's  walk 
had  been  from  Olympus  to  Hades  and  the  banks  of 
Lethe's  river." 

A  mood  like  this  was  transient.  It  was  with  hope 
and  confidence  that  he  turned  away  from  the  Old 
World  and  set  his  face  toward  America.  His  travels 
and  study  and  casual  acquaintance  with  men  of  note 
had  broadened  his  mental  horizon  without  inducing 
any  permanent  self-distrust,  and  above  all  without  giv- 
ing him  a  mere  surface  admiration  of  foreign  culture,  a 
kind  of  admiration  which  is  pretty  surely  accompanied 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  67 

by  a  shame  of  home.  It  may  be  said  that  the  judg- 
ment of  a  young  countryman  who  had  gone  straight 
from  a  rural  village  to  Europe  and  remained  there  for 
two  years  was  not  to  be  reckoned  as  final  or  mature, 
but  it  is  more  to  the  point  to  note  that  he  never 
through  life  lost  that  faith  in  his  country  which  found 
expression  now  in  crude  form.  He  had  an  exhilaration 
of  mind  as  he  anticipated  his  return  to  a  home  where 
he  could  draw  a  longer  and  freer  breath,  and  upon  his 
homeward  passage  he  wrote  some  lines  which .  were 
printed  in  the  first  edition  of  "  Views  Afoot,"  but 
omitted  by  the  author  from  the  revised  edition.  He 
was  quite  right  in  dropping  them  out  of  the  book,  for 
they  have  little  value  as  literature,  but  they  still  have 
a  worth  to  us  from  their  biographic  interest ;  the  fer- 
vor of  feeling,  thus  overflowing  into  verse,  is  a  very 
considerable  element  in  his  nature. 

Country  and  home  ! 
Ah  !  not  the  charm  of  silver-tongued  romance, 
Born  of  the  feudal  time,  nor  whatsoe'er 
Of  dying  glory  fills  the  golden  realms 
Of  perished  song,  where  heaven-descended  Art 
Still  boasts  her  later  triumphs,  can  compare 
With  that  one  thought  of  liberty  inherited  — 
Of  free  life  giv'n  by  fathers  who  were  free. 
And  to  be  left  to  children  freer  still ! 
That  pride  and  consciousness  of  manhood,  caught 
From  boyish  musings  on  the  holy  graves 
Of  hero-martyrs,  and  from  every  form 
Which  virgin  Nature,  mighty  and  unchained, 
Takes  in  an  empire  not  less  proudly  so  — 
Inspired  in  mountain  airs,  untainted  yet 
By  thousand  generations'  breathing  —  felt 
Like  a  near  presence  in  the  awful  depths 
Of  unhewn  forests,  and  upon  the  steep 
Where  giant  rivers  take  their  maddening  plunge  — 
Has  grown  impatient  of  the  stifling  damps 


68  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

Which  hover  close  on  Europe's  shackled  soil. 
Content  to  tread  awhile  the  holy  steps 
Of  Art  and  Genius,  sacred  through  all  time, 
The  spirit  breathed  that  dull,  oppressive  air  — 
Which,  freighted  with  its  tyrant  clouds,  o'erweighs 
The  upward  throb  of  many  a  nation's  soul  — 
Amid  those  olden  memories,  felt  the  thrall 
But  kept  the  birthright  of  its  freer  home. 

The  first  of  June  saw  the  young  travelers  in  New 
York  bay,  and  without  delay  they  made  their  way  to 
Philadelphia,  and  thence  by  schooner  to  Wilmington, 
which  was  within  twelve  miles  of  home.  They  had 
seen  Europe  on  foot  and  meant  to  close  their  journey 
in  the  same  way.  "  Now  came  the  realization  of  a 
plan,"  writes  Bayard,  "  we  had  talked  over  a  hundred 
times,  to  keep  up  our  spirits  when  the  weather  was 
gloomy,  or  the  journey  lay  through  some  waste  of  bar- 
ren country.  Our  knapsacks,  which  had  been  laid 
down  in  Paris,  were  again  taken  up,  slouched  German 
hats  substituted  for  our  modern  black  cylinders,  belt 
and  blouse  donned,  and  the  pilgrim  staff  grasped  for 
the  rest  of  our  journey.  But  it  was  part  of  our  plan, 
that  we  should  not  reach  home  till  after  nightfall ;  we 
could  not  think  of  seeing  any  one  we  knew  before 
those  who  were  nearest  to  us ;  and  so  it  was  necessary 
to  wait  a  few  hours  before  starting. 

"  The  time  came ;  that  walk  of  three  or  four  hours 
seemed  longer  than  many  a  day's  tramp  of  thirty 
miles,  but  every  step  of  the  way  was  familiar  ground. 
The  people  we  met  stared,  laughed,  or  looked  suspi- 
ciously after  us,  but  we  were  quite  insensible  to  any 
observation.  We  only  counted  the  fields,  measured 
the  distance  from  hill  to  hill,  and  watched  the  gradual 
decline  of  the  broad,  bright  sun.  It  went  down  at  last, 
and  our  homes  were  not  far  off.     When  the  twilight 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  69 

grew  deeper,  we  parted,  each  one  of  us  thinking  what 
an  experience  lay  between  that  moment  and  the  next 
morning.  I  took  to  the  fields,  plunged  into  a  sea  of 
dewy  clover,  and  made  for  a  light  which  began  to 
glimmer  as  it  grew  darker.  When  I  reached  it,  and 
looked  with  the  most  painful  excitement  through  the 
window  on  the  unsuspecting  group  within,  there  was 
not  one  face  missing."  1 

Bayard  Taylor  found  that  a  larger  circle  than  that 
of  his  home  was  ready  to  welcome  him.  His  letters 
to  the  "  Tribune,"  "  Saturday  Evening  Post,"  and 
"  United  States  Gazette,"  had  been  widely  read.  Let- 
ters from  Europe  were  more  of  a  novelty  then  than 
they  are  now,  and  the  circumstances  under  which  the 
writer  saw  the  Old  World  gave  a  special  interest  to  the 
narrative.  He  was  at  once  strongly  advised  to  collect 
the  letters  into  a  book,  and  went  to  New  York  in  the 
fall  to  oversee  the  printing.  Mr.  Willis  furnished  a 
brief  preface  containing  a  letter  from  the  author  which 
recounts  the  origin  of  the  book,  and  an  arrangement 
for  its  publication  was  made  with  Messrs.  Wiley  & 
Putnam.  The  following  letter  from  Bayard  Taylor 
to  his  friend,  J.  B.  Phillips,  was  written  while  he  was 
thus  detained  in  New  York  :  — 

"  When  I  say  I  have  been  busy,  I  must  explain  my- 
self by  telling  you  that,  in  addition  to  reading  the 
proof,  as  fast  as  the  chapters  are  printed,  I  am  entirely 
revising  the  whole  work.  I  see  much  to  strike  out  and 
much  to  alter  every  time  I  review  it,  and  although  this 
is  not  a  work  about  the  reputation  of  which  I  care 
much,  still  I  want  it  to  go  before  the  world  in  a  decent 
garb.  .  .  .  The  printers  have  been  delayed  with  my 
book  in  the  commencement,  so  I  shall  probably  have 

1  Views  Afoot,  p.  49-t. 


70  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

to  stay  here  a  week  longer  than  I  expected.  I  have 
made  a  bargain  with  Wiley,  —  not  as  good,  perhaps, 
as  an  established  author  could  make,  but  still  a  fair 
beginning,  one  hundred  dollars  for  every  thousand 
copies  sold,  under  the  condition,  of  course,  that  it  pays 
expenses;  if  not,  I  get  nothing.  Willis  is  going  to 
give  me  the  preface  in  a  few  days.  We  have  a  title 
which  will,  I  think,  be  striking  and  attractive.  It 
is :  '  Views  Afoot ;  or,  a  Pedestrian's  Observations  of 
People  and  Places  in  Europe.'  The  first  part  did  not 
please  me  at  first,  but  since  it  has  become  familiar,  I 
like  it  very  well." 

The  book  was  published  under  the  title  :  "  Views 
Afoot ;  or,  Europe  seen  with  Knapsack  and  Staff. 
By  J.  Bayard  Taylor,  with  a  preface  by  N.  P.  Willis. 
New  York :  Wiley  &  Putnam,  1846."  It  was  dedi- 
cated to  his  traveling  companion,  Frank  Taylor. 
"  Views  Afoot "  had  an  immediate  and  considerable 
success.  The  exact  figures  of  its  sale  are  wanting,  but 
in  the  course  of  the  year  six  editions  were  sold ;  in  Au- 
gust, 1848,  the  author  added  to  the  eighth  edition  a 
chapter  containing  some  practical  information  for  pe- 
destrians, in  answer  to  many  letters  which  he  had 
received  from  young  men  who  wished  to  follow  his 
example.  In  1855  twelve  more  editions  had  been  sold, 
and  the  author  took  the  opportunity  afforded  by  the  re- 
printing of  the  work  in  a  new  form  to  give  it  a  care- 
ful revision,  and  to  supply  an  introductory  chapter, 
in  which  he  told,  with  some  particularity,  the  history 
of  the  venture. 

"  Perhaps  the  want  of  development  which  the  book 
betrays  makes  it  attractive  to  those  passing  through 
the  same  phase  of  mental  growth.  I  cannot  otherwise 
account  for  its  continued  vitality."     This  is  the  an* 


VIEWS  AFOOT.  71 

thor's  explanation  of  what  was,  to  him,  a  somewhat 
disturbing  fact.  In  his  latest  preface  to  the  work,  he 
quotes  from  his  preface  to  the  eighth  edition :  "  At  the 
time  the  foregoing  preface  was  written,  I  did  not  ven- 
ture to  anticipate  that  the  work  would  become  per- 
manently popular.  It  had  fulfilled  the  object  of  its 
publication,  and  I  should  have  been  satisfied  had  it 
then  gradually  passed  away  from  the  remembrance  of 
the  reading  public."  In  his  own  mind  he  dismissed 
the  book  as  soon  as  it  was  published  ;  he  retained  the 
experience  upon  which  it  was  based,  and  valued  the 
travel  and  study  for  their  influence  upon  his  own  edu- 
cation ;  it  was  apart  from  his  expectation  or  wish  that 
this  crude  record  should  stand  as  a  piece  of  literature, 
and  he  was  disposed  to  resent  the  reputation  which  it 
brought  him  as  factitious  and  unworthy.  For  all  that, 
he  could  not  put  upon  paper  the  observations  and  re- 
flections of  a  young  poet,  transported  from  the  seclu- 
sion of  a  little  American  village  to  the  treasure-house 
of  Europe,  without  infusing  into  the  narrative  some- 
thing of  poetic  fervor.  He  wrote  with  reserve,  but  he 
did  not  wholly  hide  himself,  and  while,  with  his  ma- 
turer  judgment,  he  was  aware  of  the  crudity  of  his 
first  prose  work,  the  general  esteem  in  which  it  has 
been  held  has  not  been  altogether  without  reference  to 
its  poetic  character. 


CHAPTER  IV. 

EDITOR  OF  A  COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER. 

1846-1847. 

Our  nobler  fate  is  to  be  forever  seeking  and  forever  unsatisfied. 

Lecture  on  Ancient  Egypt. 
I  pause.    In  might  the  thronging  Thoughts  arise  : 

Hopes  unfulfilled  and  glory  yet  afar, 
Vague,  restless  longings,  that  would  seek  the  skies, 
And  back  in  flame  come  like  a  falling  star. 

Upward. 

Bayard  Taylor's  return  to  his  home  meant  much 
more  than  could  appear  to  the  reader  of  "  Views 
Afoot."  During  his  absence  in  Europe  the  only  in- 
tercourse which  he  could  have  with  Mary  Agnew  was 
an  indirect  one.  Her  parents  had  steadily  refused  to 
countenance  the  young  lover,  and  no  letters  passed  be- 
tween the  two.  Bayard  had  made  his  mother  his  con- 
fidante, and  more  than  once  sent  an  inclosure  to 
Mary,  or  a  postscript  to  the  letter  which  went  the 
rounds  of  the  neighborhood ;  he  urged  his  mother  to 
bring  about  an  exchange  of  letters,  but  she  counseled 
patience  and  encouraged  him  to  hope.  His  diary  is 
full  of  passionate  expressions,  and  his  journey,  despite 
its  importance  to  him,  became  at  times,  intolerable. 

It  may  be  guessed  that  a  love  which  grew  thus  in 
silence  became  at  length  confident  enough  to  sweep 
away  all  obstructions,  and  not  long  after  the  traveler's 
return,  his  engagement  with  Mary  Agnew  became  an 
open  one.     Of  Mary  Agnew  herself  it  is  difficult  to 


EDITOR   OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       73 

write  with  composure.  Through  the  medium  of  Bay- 
ard Taylor's  romantic  prose  and  verse,  the  tender  rec- 
ollection of  those  living  who  knew  her  then,  and  the 
still  depth  of  her  own  singularly  beautiful  letters,  one 
recovers  the  image  of  a  fair  spirit  housed  in  a  frail, 
exquisite  body.  Edwin  Brosius,  a  Kennett  neighbor, 
speaking  of  the  two  at  this  time,  says :  — 

"  I  remember  him  as  a  bright,  blushing,  diffident 
youth,  just  entering  manhood  ;  and  with  him  I  always 
associate  that  gentle  and  beautiful  girl,  with  matchless 
eyes,  who  inspired  many  of  his  early  lyrics,  and  whose 
death  '  filled  the  nest  of  love  with  snow.' ':  Grace 
Greenwood,  recalling  her  presence,  once  wrote  of  her 
to  Bayard,  "A  dark-eyed  young  girl  with  the  rose 
yet  unblighted  on  cheek  and  lip,  with  soft,  brown, 
wavy  hair,  which,  when  blown  by  the  wind,  looked 
like  the  hair  often  given  to  angels  by  the  old  masters, 
producing  a  sort  of  halo-like  effect  about  a  lovely 
head." 

She  was  not  so  much  the  inspiration  of  special  po- 
ems addressed  to  her,  as  she  was  the  guiding  star  to 
Bayard  Taylor's  passion  and  thought.  It  was  no  mere 
poetic  commonplace  which  made  his  early  verses  in- 
sensibly turn  to  her,  however  their  movement  may 
have  been  first  directed,  and  the  plans  which  he  laid 
for  the  course  of  his  life  all  had  immediate  reference  to 
Mary.  The  ambition  which  he  possessed  in  no  slight 
degree  to  make  himself  a  name  and  place  in  literature 
was  kindled  by  the  thought  of  sharing  his  reputation 
with  her,  and  the  tumultuous  discharge  of  his  hopes 
and  fears  through  the  pages  of  his  diary  is  witness  to 
the  ardor  with  which  he  mingles  the  thought  of  the 
happiness  of  the  home  for  which  he  labored  with  the 
aspiration  for  enduring  expression  of  his  poetic  genius. 


74  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

It  is  interesting  to  note  how  early  he  sketched  for 
himself  a  sheltered  place  of  poetic  labor  in  the  Ken- 
nett  fields,  a  dream  which  never  ceased  to  animate 
him. 

Since  he  did  not  from  this  time  live  at  his  father's 
home,  and  could  only  occasionally  visit  it,  a  correspond- 
ence was  begun  with  Mary  Agnew  which  offers  the 
best  means  of  knowing  Bayard  Taylor's  mind  in  these 
years  of  struggle.  Not  only  did  he  disclose  his  plans 
and  describe  his  daily  life,  but  he  wrote  freely  of  spir- 
itual experience,  trusting  her  with  a  knowledge  which 
can  only  be  given  where  there  is  perfect  faith  and 
perfect  response.  If  there  remained  no  letter  from 
Mary  Agnew,  much  cordd  be  learned  of  her  nature 
from  the  strain  in  which  Bayard  Taylor  addressed  her ; 
fortunately  her  letters  do  remain,  and  passages  from 
them  permit  one  to  penetrate  the  clear  spirit  of  the 
writer.  The  Quaker  phraseology  used  by  both  adds  to 
the  ear  unaccustomed  to  it  a  quaint  affectionateness, 
and  when  one  compares  Bayard's  letters  to  Mary  with 
the  almost  ungovernable  temper  of  his  diary,  written 
at  the  same  time,  it  is  noticeable  what  power  she  had 
in  giving  him  serener  moods  and  rendering  his  own 
thought  clear  and  fluent. 

His  first  letter  to  her,  written  while  he  was  in  New 
York,  preparing  "Views  Afoot"  for  the  press,  re- 
counts his  experience  in  settling  the  details  of  the 
book.  "  I  am  going  over  the  letters  again,"  he  writes, 
"  making  as  many  alterations  the  second  time  as  the 
first.  You  will  hardly  know  them  in  their  new  garb, 
especially  when  the  odd  title  is  added,  which  N.  P. 
Willis  and  I  together  invented.  I  know  not  how  you 
will  like  it  (/did  not  much  at  first),  and  I  wish  I 
could  ask  you  before  the  book  is  printed.  ...  It  is  a 


EDITOR   OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       75 

somewhat  singular  name,  but  it  is  necessary  to  call  it 
by  some  title  that  will  attract  attention.  I  dislike  to 
use  any  artifice,  however  small,  to  bring-  anything  of 
mine  into  notice,  but  I  find  an  author  must  look  to  his 
own  interests  in  some  degree,  and  not  trust  too  much 
to  the  public.  I  had  considerable  amusement  in  find- 
ing a  name.  Willis  recommended  me  to  do  as  he 
had  clone,  when  he  published  his  '  Pencillings  by  the 
Way,'  that  is,  to  write  a  dozen  titles,  and  let  some 
common,  uneducated  person  choose  one  for  me.  I 
tried  it,  but  after  all  could  not  be  satisfied  with  it,  and 
asked  his  assistance,  so  by  splicing  and  altering,  we 
made  one  at  last." 

Shortly  after  "  Views  Afoot "  was  published,  Bay- 
ard Taylor  made  a  visit  to  Boston,  partly  to  see  friends 
there  whom  he  had  known  only  by  correspondence, 
and  by  their  published  writings,  and  partly  because  his 
mind  was  full  of  schemes  for  literary  occupation,  and 
he  hoped  there  to  get  some  new  light.  Mr.  James  T. 
Fields,  in  some  pleasant  reminiscences,  gives  the  im- 
pression which  the  young  author  made  upon  him  and 
his  friends. 

"  No  one  could  possibly  look  upon  the  manly  young 
fellow  at  that  time  without  loving  him.  He  was  tall 
and  slight,  with  the  bloom  of  youth  mantling  a  face 
full  of  eager,  joyous  expectation.  Health  of  that 
buoyant  nature  which  betokens  delight  in  existence 
was  visible  in  every  feature  of  the  youthful  traveler. 

•  The  fresh  air  lodged  within  his  cheek 
As  light  within  a  cloud.' 

"  We  all  flocked  about  him  like  a  swarm  of  broth- 
ers, heartily  welcoming  him  to  Boston.  When  we 
told  him  how  charmed  we  all  were  with  his  travels, 


76  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

he  blushed  like  a  girl,  and  tears  filled  his  sensitive 
eyes.  '  It  is  one  of  the  most  absorbingly  interesting 
books  I  ever  read ! '  cried  one  of  our  number,  height- 
ening the  remark  with  an  expletive  savoring  more  of 
strength  than  of  early  piety.  Taylor  looked  up,  full 
of  happiness  at  the  opinion  so  earnestly  expressed, 
and  asked,  with  that  simple  naivete  which  always  be- 
longed to  his  character,  'Do  you  really  think  so? 
Well,  I  am  so  glad  ! ' 

"  Then  we  began  to  lay  out  plans  for  a  week's  holi- 
day with  him  ;  to-morrow  we  would  go  to  such  a  place 
down  the  harbor  ;  next  day  to  another  point  of  inter- 
est ;  after  that  we  would  all  assemble  at  a  supper  party 
in  his  honor,  at  Parker's  (at  that  time  a  subterranean 
eating  -  house  in  Court  Street)  ;  and  following  that 
festivity  we  would  take  him  to  see  old  Booth  in  '  Rich- 
ard.' We  went  on  filling  up  the  seven  days  with  our 
designs  upon  him,  when  he  protested,  with  an  explo- 
sive shout  of  laughter,  that  he  must  be  back  again  in 
New  York  the  next  day.  Then  we  showered  warm 
exhortations  upon  him  to  postpone  his  exit,  but  he  as- 
sured us  that  go  back  he  must,  for  he  had  promised 
to  do  so.  Well,  then,  if  that  were  the  case,  and  we 
saw  by  his  countenance  that  he  meant  what  he  said, 
we  must  adjourn  at  once  to  'Webster's,'  a  famous 
beefsteak  house  in  those  ancient  days,  and,  as  Whipple 
facetiously  remarked,  quoting  the  old  ballad :  — 

*  Put  a  stake  in  his  inside 
Where  four  cross-roads  did  meet.' 

"  So  thitherward  we  rollicked  along  into  Washing- 
ton Street,  and  performed  that  pleasant  duty,  Taylor 
all  the  while  brimming  over  with  radiant  spirits,  his 
young  heart  already  illumined  with  the  delight  of 
recognition  and  praise. 


EDITOR   OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       77 

"  In  the  afternoon  we  handed  him  over  to  Long-fel- 
low, whom  he  was  anxious  to  meet,  and  who  gave  him 
such  a  welcome  as  he  never  forgot.  In  one  of  the 
last  conversations  I  had  with  Taylor,  a  few  weeks  be- 
fore he  sailed  for  the  Embassy,  he  said,  with  deep 
feeling :  '  From  the  first,  Longfellow  has  been  to  me 
the  truest  and  most  affectionate  friend  that  ever  man 
had.  He  always  gives  me  courage  to  go  on,  and  never 
fails  to  lift  me  forward  into  hopeful  regions  whenever 
I  meet  him.  He  is  the  dearest  soul  in  the  world,  and 
my  love  for  him  is  unbounded.'  "  1 

Perhaps  when  he  said  that  he  had  in  remembrance 
a  cordial  letter  which  Longfellow  sent  him  on  Christ- 
mas Day,  1846,  upon  receipt  of  a  copy  of  "Views 
Afoot,"  in  which  he  writes :  "  The  last  chapter  fills 
me  with  great  wonder.  How  could  you  accomplish  so 
much,  with  such  slight  help  and  appliances  ?  It  shows 
a  strength  of  will  —  the  central  fire  of  all  great  deeds 
and  words  —  that  must  lead  you  far  in  whatever  you 
undertake." 

In  his  anxiety  to  undertake  some  occupation  which 
woidd  give  him  a  fixed  income,  and  thus  enable  him 
to  marry,  he  determined  upon  establishing  a  weekly 
newspaper  in  Chester  County.  Pie  knew  the  place 
and  the  people  ;  he  had  had  sufficient  practical  train- 
ing, and  he  fancied  that  he  could  use  the  journal  as 
practice-ground  for  higher  literary  work.  A  friend, 
Mr.  Frederic  E.  Foster,  joined  him,  and  after  first 
proposing  to  settle  in  the  shire  town  of  West  Chester, 
they  learned  of  a  better  opportunity,  as  they  thought, 
in  Phoenixville,  a  manufacturing  town  in  the  same 
county.  The  following  letter  from  Bayard  Taylor  to 
Dr.  I.  A.  Pennypacker,  of  Phoenixville,  explains  the 
situation  in  which  he  found  himself :  — 

1  Xi m  fork  Tribune,  December  2t,  1878. 


78  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

TO   I.   A.   PENNYPACKER. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  November  27,  1846. 

I  received  a  letter  this  morning  from  John  H.  Briuton,  Esq., 
in  which  he  mentions  his  having  been  at  Phcenixville  last  Satur- 
day, and  states  you  desire  that  F.  E.  Foster  and  myself  should 
locate  the  new  paper,  we  contemplate  starting,  at  that  place  in- 
stead of  West  Chester. 

Ever  since  my  return  home  I  have  designed  publishing  a 
paper  in  Chester  County,  and  the  advantages  of  mails,  advertis- 
ing, as  well  as  my  previous  residence  and  extensive  acquaintance, 
led  me  to  fix  upon  West  Chester  as  the  place  where  it  would 
succeed  to  the  best  advantage.  I  decided  on  this  in  direct  oppo- 
sition to  the  wishes  of  my  friends  here,  who  are  exceedingly 
anxious  that  I  should  set  up  a  press  among  them.  But  the  place 
is  as  yet  too  small,  and,  notwithstanding  the  general  intelligence 
of  the  neighborhood,  the  patronage  would  necessarily  be  too 
limited  to  support  such  a  paper  as  I  should  wish  to  publish. 

This  objection,  however,  does  not  apply  to  Phcenixville,  which 
also  possesses  nearly  the  same  advantages,  in  regard  to  mails, 
advertising,  etc.,  as  West  Chester.  When  Mr.  Foster  first  men- 
tioned to  me  his  wish  of  purchasing  the  "  Phoenix  Gazette,"  if  it 
could  be  obtained,  I  had  already  mentioned  my  design  and  made 
preparations  for  issuing  the  Prospectus  of  the  "  Chester  County 
Chronicle,"  and  I  knew  then  little  of  the  advantages  of  Phcenix- 
ville (as  I  have  not  been  there  for  nine  years,  when  it  was  a  vil- 
lage of  five  hundred  inhabitants),  so  that  my  original  plan  still 
seemed  preferable,  and  Mr.  Foster  concluded  to  unite  with  me. 

Mr.  Brinton's  representations,  however,  are  such  that  I  think 
if  the  present  paper  could  be  had  at  a  reasonable  price  (as  I  un- 
derstand that  the  printing  materials  are  not  of  very  great  value), 
and  we  were  certain  of  liberal  support,  —  equal  to  what  we 
might  reasonably  expect  in  West  Chester,  —  Mr.  Foster  and  my- 
self would  be  willing  to  combine  the  "  Chronicle  "  and  "  Ga- 
zette," and  add  the  subscribers  we  shall  obtain  for  the  former  to 
the  established  list  of  the  latter.  I  speak,  however,  only  for  my- 
self, as  he  is  still  in  West  Chester. 

I  feel  exceedingly  desirous  to  remain  in  the  county,  and  am 
not  very  particular  as  to  the  location,  so  that  I  obtain  a  certain 
and  permanent  subsistence.  I  remember  that  the  neighborhood 
of  Phcenixville  is  extremely  beautiful,  and  have  no  doubt  we 


EDITOR    OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       79 

should  both  find  everything-  there  to  make  a  residence  agreeable. 
If,  as  Mi-.  Brintou  suggests,  the  circulation  could  be  increased  to 
a  thousand  within  a  year,  the  paper  would  be  certain  to  succeed 
and  prosper.  As  the  advertising  is  always  proportionate  to  the 
extent  of  the  circulation,  that  would  also  become  profitable,  in 
such  a  case. 

»  The  "  Chronicle,"  as  we  intend  publishing  it,  will  be  larger 
than  the  present  "  Gazette,"  and  printed  in  better  style,  at  two 
dollars  per  annum.  Would  the  increase  in  price  (although  we 
should  render  a  full  equivalent  for  it)  cause  any  reduction  in  the 
number  attached  to  the  "  Gazette  "  ?  A  good  country  paper  can- 
not well  be  supported  for  less,  and  we  wish,  if  possible,  to  make 
our  paper  equal  to  any  country  press  in  the  State. 

We  have  facilities,  through  acquaintance  with  the  principal 
editors  in  New  York,  Philadelphia,  and  Boston,  for  obtaining  a 
far  better  exchange  list  than  any  of  the  present  West  Chester 
papers,  and  we  can  also,  through  the  German,  French,  and  Eng- 
lish Gazettes,  make  our  own  selections  from  foreign  news,  with- 
out depending  on  other  papers  for  them.  If  our  manner  of  con- 
ducting it  should  be  as  successful  as  we  hope,  I  presume  the 
limits  of  its  circulation  would,  after  a  time,  become  greatly  ex- 
tended. 

I  should  esteem  it  a  favor,  if  you  would  write  and  give  me 
some  information  as  to  the  prospects.  As  we  are  both  young 
and  just  starting  in  business,  we  desire  to  have  certain  founda- 
tions to  build  upon.  I  should  like  to  know  what  is  the  actual 
number  of  subscribers  to  the  "  Gazette,"  and  for  what  sum  it 
could  probably  be  obtained  ?  However,  as  to  the  latter  query, 
it  does  not  matter  at  present,  as  if  circumstances  are  favorable, 
one  or  both  of  us  will  visit  Phcenixville  shortly. 

I  have  taken  the  liberty  of  thus  addressing  you,  since  you 
manifest  such  an  interest  in  the  establishment  of  a  paper  in  your 
town,  and  were  kind  enough  to  express  a  wish  that  we  should 
take  charge  of  it. 

The  result  was  that  the  two  young  men  bought  the 
Phcenixville  "  Gazette,"  and  changing  its  name,  issued 
on  Tuesday,  December  29, 1846,  the  first  number  of  the 
Phcenixville  "Pioneer."  Bayard  Taylor  pleased  him- 
self by  leading  off  with  a  poem  upon  "  The  Phoenix  " 


80  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

which  he  had  translated  from  Freiligrath,  for  at  the 
time  he  was  considering-  the  possibility  of  publishing 
a  volume  of  translations  from  this  poet,  whom  he  had 
met  in  Germany.  In  the  same  number  he  copied 
Bryant's  "  O  Mother  of  a  Mighty  Race,"  which  had 
just  appeared  in  "  Graham's  Magazine."  The  propri- 
etors expressed  the  belief  that  since  the  two  neighbor- 
ing counties  of  Chester  and  Montgomery  could  en- 
courage seven  political  papers,  they  would  sustain  one 
devoted  to  literature  and  news. 

The  venture  was  begun  with  hope  and  confidence, 
and  was,  in  Bayard's  mind,  a  practical  answer  to  those 
of  his  friends  who  took  leave  to  doubt  his  ability  to 
support  himself  in  any  literary  vocation.  He  relied, 
it  may  be  said,  a  little  too  much  upon  the  wisdom  of 
others  in  the  matter;  he  wrote  at  the  time  to  Mr. 
Fields  :  "  Any  employment,  however  hard,  is  better 
than  uncertain  dependence  on  the  pen  alone;  although 
I  have  as  yet  had  little  experience,  I  have  seen  enough 
to  convince  me  that  it  is  a  sad  fate  to  wear  out  one's 
brain  for  bread."  Yet  he  was  to  refute  this  fallacy 
by  a  longer  experience,  and  confirm  the  better  truth 
that  one's  judgment  of  one's  own  powers  is  often  of 
more  value  than  the  commonplaces  of  worldly  wisdom. 
However,  he  plunged  into  this  occupation,  eager  only 
to  prove  himself  a  good  man  of  business,  who  could 
make  his  Pegasus  work  faithfully  at  the  treadmill. 
Phoenixville  is  but  thirty  miles  from  Kennett  Square, 
and  Bayard  Taylor  was  able  to  make  hurried  visits  in 
the  least  busy  part  of  the  week,  but  his  intercourse 
with  Mary  Agnew  was  still  under  many  restrictions, 
and  thus  the  year  which  he  spent  in  editing  a  country 
newspaper  was  a  year  also  when  he  was  constantly 
contending  with  untoward  fate.     To  add  to  his  other 


EDITOR   OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       81 

sources  of  trouble,  the  frailty  of  Mary's  constitution 
began  to  betray  itself  in  pulmonary  attacks,  which 
gained  insidiously  upon  her  strength. 

TO    MARY  AGNEW. 

Phcenixville,  December  24,  1846. 

...  I  have  every  day  new  proofs  of  the  truth  of  my  pre- 
sentiment, —  the  spiritual  monitor  which  informs  of  the  future. 
In  Philadelphia  I  called  one  morning  at  Graham's  office.  Just 
hefore  entering  the  door,  I  thought  involuntarily  of  T.  B.  Read, 
the  poet  and  painter  (thou  hast,  perhaps,  seen  something  of  his), 
and  on  going  in  I  saw  in  the  back  part  of  the  room  a  pale 
young  man,  with  tender  blue  eyes  and  a  dreamy  expression  of 
countenance.  I  knew  at  once  this  was  Read,  although  I  had 
never  seen  him.  I  went  up,  and  we  were  introduced,  when  the 
first  words  he  said  were  :  "  The  minute  you  entered  the  door  I 
knew  you,  although  I  had  never  seen  you  !  "  Now,  was  not  this 
strange  ?  We  were  soon  well  acquainted,  after  this  spiritual 
recognition. 

Again,  I  had  determined  to  go  to  Phcenixville  on  Thursday 
morning,  but  on  awaking  my  feeling  was  so  strong  against  it 
that  I  knew  not  what  to  do.  I  could  think  of  no  reason  for 
staying,  yet  I  could  not  bear  the  idea  of  going.  I  therefore  con- 
cluded to  be  intentionally  too  late  for  the  cars,  and  behold  !  about 
the  hour  when  I  should  have  been  at  the  depot  there  came  two 
important  letters  from  N.  P.  Willis 1  and  Fields  of  Boston. 
Immediately  afterwards  I  went  down  the  street,  and  as  it  snowed 
very  hard  I  went  into  the  State  House  for  shelter,  when  in  the 
same  moment  our  journeyman  from  Phcenixville  entered  the 
other  door  and  informed  me  that  as  the  office  could  not  be  had 
for  a  day  or  two  there  was  no  use  in  my  going  until  Saturday 
morning.  I  am  glad  of  all  these  things,  because  they  seem  to 
show  that  all  this  employment  and  commingling  with  the  com- 
mon affairs  of  the  world  need  not  dim  the  clear  vision  of  the 
spirit.  Now,  if  I  laugh  at  thy  dreams  thou  canst  laugh  at  my 
presentiments.  The  world  would,  no  doubt,  pronounce  us  both 
mad,  but  we  enjoy  this  spiritual  intelligence  in  secret,  and  thank 
God  for  it.  .  .  . 

1  With  reference  to  possible  employment  on  the  Home  Journal. 
vol.  I.  6 


82  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Notwithstanding  this  is  a  manufacturing  place,  there  is  a  great 
deal  of  poetry  about  it.  The  scenery  is  beautiful,  and  the  mills 
and  furnaces,  which  are  in  operation  all  night,  make  a  grand  ap- 
pearance with  their  columns  and  clouds  of  red  flame,  and  ter- 
races above  terraces,  burning  through  the  darkness  like  Milton's 
Council  Hall  of  Pandemonium.  The  sound  of  the  forges,  ring- 
ing out  through  the  livelong  night,  keeps  me  constantly  in  a  fit- 
ting spirit  to  work  and  think  and  struggle.  .  .  . 

Phcenixville.  January  24,  1847. 

.  .  .  Sometimes  I  feel  as  if  there  were  a  Providence  watch- 
ing over  me,  and  as  if  an  unseen  and  uncontrollable  hand  guided 
my  actions.  I  have  often  dim,  vague  forebodings  that  an  event- 
ful destiny  is .  in  store  for  me  ;  that  I  have  vast  duties  yet  to 
accomplish,  and  a  wider  sphere  of  action  than  that  which  I  now 
occupy.  These  thoughts  may  be  vain  ;  they  may  spring  only 
from  the  ceaseless  impulses  of  an  upward-aspiring  spirit ;  but  if 
they  are  real,  and  to  be  fulfilled,  I  shall  the  more  need  thy  love 
and  the  gladness  of  thy  dear  presence.  For  wherever  our  paths 
may  lead,  —  over  what  high  and  untrodden  summits,  or  through 
what  quiet  and  flowery  valleys,  —  they  are  one.  I  have  told 
thee  that  existence  would  not  be  endurable  without  thee  ;  I  feel, 
further,  that  thy  aid  will  be  necessary  to  work  out  the  destinies 
of  the  future.  .  .  . 

Our  prospects  are  still  very  encouraging.  We  get  papers 
every  day  wanting  to  exchange  with  us.  I  am  cheerful  and  con- 
fident, and  bid  thee  good-night,  with  a  blessing. 

I  send  thee  a  little  lay  of  mine  from  the  "  Home  Journal," 
addressed  to  a  happy  German  peasant  girl. 

A  little  more  than  a  month  of  trial  in  Phoenixville, 
in  spite  of  the  general  encouragement  received,  suf- 
ficed to  arouse  very  strong  doubts  in  Bayard  Taylor's 
mind  whether  the  course  which  he  had  followed  was 
likely  to  bring  him  the  result  for  which  he  was  look- 
ing, and  if  it  did  not  bring  him  that,  it  was  intolera- 
ble. An  enigmatical  letter  from  Willis  was  enough  to 
set  his  mind  in  a  whirl,  just  when  the  zeal  with  which 
he  had  engaged  in  an  uncongenial  business  had  begun 
to  suffer  a  reaction. 


EDITOR   OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       83 

N.   P.    WILLIS    TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

"Home  Journal,"  January  22,  1847. 
Please  write  to  me  at  Washington  (inclosed  to  Hon.  Jos. 
Grimiell,  M.  C.)  an  account  of  your  business  arrangements  at 
Phcenixville,  what  your  views  for  the  future  are,  what  you  would 
rather  do,  whether  you  wish  to  set  up  a  paper,  or  get  printing 
materials,  whether  you  are  engaged  to  be  married,  or  wish  to 
be  ;  what  you  think  your  probable  future  under  present  cir- 
cumstances, and  how  you  woidd  alter  the  view  if  you  had  means. 
Trust  me,  and  do  tins  frankly,  and  I  will  tell  you  a  good  reason 
for  [it]  by  and  by. 

"  I  am  lost  in  tantalizing  conjectures  about  Willis's 
letter,"  writes  Bayard  in  his  journal.  "  He  must  still 
think  of  employment  as  assistant  in  the  '  Home  Jour- 
nal' office,  and  if  I  could  get  a  good  salary,  and  it 
would  not  be  considered  a  fresh  instance  of  instability 
of  purpose,  by  some  who  cannot  trust  me,  I  would 
like  it  much  better  than  my  present  post.  What  a 
vague,  wild  crowd  of  thoughts  his  last  question  called 
up  !  How  I  would  change  my  future  if  I  had  means  ? 
How  ?  Ah,  I  could  not  tell  him  how ;  it  would  have 
been  too  '  visionary.'  I  would  study  like  a  slave  ;  I 
would  go  into  the  world  of  authors  and  write  ;  Mar}^ 
and  I  would  go  to  Europe  together,  and  Greece  would 
not  be  missed  this  time  ;  and  —  then  we  would  build 
a  beautiful  homestead  in  Kennett,  where  life  would 
grow  to  me  like  a  sweet  dream  of  poetry,  for  I  would 
have  no  golden  threads  snapped,  no  fast-ripening  fan- 
cies trodden  under  foot,  by  contact  with  coarse  and 
jarring  natures.  I  would  work  ceaselessly  and  untir- 
ing, for  the  poor  and  needy  in  spirit ;  I  would  speak 
for  the  silent  soul  and  for  the  heart  which  has  not  yet 
found  an  utterance.  Oh,  I  would  do  much,  or  try  to 
do  much.     This  was  only  a  question,  however  ;  it  is 


84  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

doubtless  best  for  me  to  persevere  in  my  own  labor 
here." 

The  explanation  of  Willis's  letter  came  in  a  second, 
which  inclosed  one  received  by  Willis  from  Colonel 
Thomas  Handasyd  Perkins,  of  Boston. 

T.    H.    PERKINS    TO   N.    P.   WILLIS. 

Boston,  January  15,  1847. 
I  have  just  finished  the  perusal  of  a  book  under  the  title  of 
"  Views  Afoot "  with  more  pleasure  than  I  have  derived  from 
books  of  travel  of  more  pretension.  Connected  with  your  name, 
as  appears  by  the  preface,  I  am  induced  to  trouble  you  with  this 
letter.  I  see  from  what  he  says  of  himself,  Mr.  Taylor  cannot 
be  more  than  twenty-three  years  of  age  at  this  time.  I  think 
there  is  much  in  the  character  of  the  writer  of  the  book  which 
entitles  him  to  patronage,  and  to  this  end  I  would  ask,  if  a  sum 
could  not  be  raised  to  put  him  upon  good  ground  in  his  profes- 
sional calling.  I  should  be  willing  to  aid  in  an  object  of  this 
sort,  should  I  learn  from  you  that  he  intends  pursuing  the  print- 
ing business.  It  would  be  as  well,  perhaps,  not  to  mention  the 
subject  until  you  have  made  up  your  mind  as  to  necessities  of 
the  case.  If  he  has  means  of  setting  himself  to  work,  perhaps 
the  best  thing  would  be  to  leave  him  upon  his  own  resources. 
When  I  hear  from  you  I  will  decide  upon  what  I  will  do.  The 
calls  upon  those  who  have  means  are  many  and  pressing  at  this 
season,  but  this  I  think  may  be  considered  an  extraordinary  case, 
and  requires  corresponding  exertion. 

Mr.  Willis  seized  upon  this  generous,  but  cautious, 
tentative  offer,  with  characteristic  hopefulness.  Here 
was  a  Maecenas  in  Boston  ;  there  was  a  struggling 
poet  in  Phoenixville,  and  it  was  his  mission  to  bring 
the  two  together.  So  in  the  most  sanguine  mood  he 
wrote  to  both. 

N.   P.   WILLIS    TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Washington,  January  28,  1847. 
Your  frank  and  ready  reply  is  almost  what  I  want,  but  as  I 
cannot  get  at  all  I  wish  to  know  without  telling  you  my  secret, 


EDITOR    OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       85 

I  inclose  you  what  is  at  the  bottom  of  it.  The  writer,  Colonel 
Perkins,  is  the  Boston  prince  of  millionaires,  the  founder  and 
eudower  of  the  Deaf  and  Dumb  Asylum,  and  a  man  whose  whole 
life  is  one  history  of  noble  benevolence.  He  wants  to  lend  you 
capital  if  it  will  do  you  good.  It  is  an  extraordinary  and  roman- 
tic event  in  your  life,  and  I  congratulate  —  her  who  loves  you  ! 

I  wrote  to  him  a  letter  of  three  close  pages,  from  the  rough 
draft  of  which  I  copy  you  one  or  two  passages. 

"  Always  acquainted  as  I  have  been  with  the  unusual  and  un- 
varying nobleness  of  your  employment  of  wealth,  the  bringing 
home  an  instance  of  it  to  my  personal  influencing  made  me 
feel  deeply  the  responsibility  of  aiding  or  diverting  a  stream 
so  sacred.  I  am  not  prepared  even  now  to  give  a  decided 
opinion.  Taylor  is  as  pure  in  his  character  as  a  girl  of  six- 
teen, and  as  full  of  energy,  endurance,  and  resource  as  more 
irregularly  impetuous  and  passionate  men.  Nothing  could  cor- 
rupt him,  and  nothing  could  prevent  his  being  prosperous,  or  so 
I  think.  He  has  gone  to  his  native  county,  and  is  engaged  in 
editing  the  Phoenixville  'Pioneer.'  .  .  .  He  thought  of  pro- 
curing editorial  employment  in  New  York  city,  but  his  mind, 
as  I  told  him,  was  too  well  worth  keeping  separate  to  venture 
upon  the  subservient  employment  of  sub-editing,  and  it  was  bet- 
ter for  him  to  have  a  country  paper  all  to  himself  for  less  profit, 
than  to  merge  himself  in  another  man's  mind  and  purposes. 
Whether  a  capital,  which  would  enable  him  to  start  for  himself  and 
use  his  first  fresh  energies  in  the  large  sphere  which  he  will  ulti- 
mately fill,  is  advisable  to  urge  the  obtaining,  you  can  better  de- 
cide. I  presume  that  he  will  never  return  to  mechanical  em- 
ployment except  as  master-printer  and  editor,  his  pen  is  so  much 
more  profitable.  But  the  possession  of  one  or  two  thousand  dol- 
lars would  probably  have  induced  him  to,  etc.,  etc.,  etc.  His 
practical  genius  is  of  a  very  high  order,  and  I  esteem  him,  in 
every  way,  an  uncommon  man." 

You  see  now,  my  dear  Taylor,  that  I  throw  the  responsibility 
of  responding  to  this  noble  proposal  entirely  on  yourself.  That 
you  will  not  let  it  hurt  you,  I  am  sure.  So  think  it  over,  and 
write  to  me  (without  naming  Colonel  Perkins  or  his  offer)  an 
answer  to  my  previous  query  as  to  how  you  would  better  your  con- 
dition if  you  could.  I  shall  not  write  to  him  till  I  hear  freely 
from  you,  but  I  suppose  it  lies  within  your  power  to  receive  from 
one  to  five  thousand  dollars  from  him  with  liberty  to  repay  it 


86  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

when  you  are  able,  and  not  before,  and  upon  showing  good  pros- 
pect as  to  its  benefiting  your  plans  for  the  future. 

A  word  to  the  wise  is  enough,  and  so  I  need  not  scribble  more 
to  you.  This  is  a  page  of  romance  which  a  man  may  well  be 
proud  to  have  for  his  biographer.  Please  offer  Mrs.  Willis's  and 
my  friendship  to  your  appreciatress  and  true  friend. 

The  rapidity  with  which  Willis  built  the  air  castle 
in  which  his  friend  was  to  live  had  most  likely  an  in- 
spiriting effect  on  Bayard,  but  the  letters  which  he 
wrote  to  Willis  are  unfortunately  missing.  It  can 
only  be  gathered  from  Willis's  excuses  for  Colonel 
Perkins's  silence  :  "  The  fact  is,  the  old  gentleman  is 
getting  very  infirm,"  "  I  suppose  the  old  man's  mem- 
ory is  giving  way  with  his  years,"  that  Bayard  Taylor 
frankly  made  his  situation  known,  but  that  the  circum- 
stances were  very  different  from  what  Colonel  Perkins 
at  first  supposed.  It  is  one  thing  to  help  on  a  young 
mechanic  with  capital,  and  another  to  set  up  a  poet,  or 
to  lend  money  for  any  such  dubious  scheme  as  Willis 
airily  hinted  at.  The  good-will  of  Colonel  Perkins, 
however,  was  clearly  manifest  when,  a  year  later,  he 
came  forward  with  a  loan  when  Bayard  was  struggling 
under  an  unjust  debt. 

This  will-o'-the-wisp  which  Willis  had  lighted 
danced  long  enough  before  Bayard  Taylor's  eyes  to 
tease  him  with  a  possible  escape  into  brighter  scenes, 
but,  tied  as  he  was  to  Phoenixville,  he  made  a  vigorous 
effort  to  get  the  best  possible  out  of  the  town  in  which 
he  was  living.  With  a  few  of  the  more  enterprising 
people  he  formed  a  literary  association,  and  he  made 
himself  a  buoyant  and  hearty  companion  at  the  houses 
of  the  better  educated  people,  but  he  had  made  a  some- 
what unfortunate  choice  of  a  place  in  which  to  try  his 
experiment.     The  town  was  one  which  had  sprung  up 


EDITOR   OF  A' COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       87 

rapidly  under  the  stimulus  of  mills,  which  had  drawn 
a  class  of  workmen  who  were  not  likely  to  take  any 
interest  in  a  paper  with  aims  like  the  "  Pioneer  ;  " 
the  country  people  were  conservative  farmers,  who 
looked  with  dislike  upon  the  busy  village,  and  were 
slow  to  accept  a  new  journal.  He  struggled  on,  how- 
ever, making  the  paper  as  good  as  his  materials  would 
allow,  and  introducing  such  incongruous  elements  as 
literary  letters  from  London,  written  by  his  friend  the 
bookseller,  Mr.  Dennett,  and  poems  and  translations 
from  his  own  portfolio.  He  was  in  vigorous  physical 
condition,  and  walked  off  his  restlessness  and  dissatis- 
faction in  long  rambles  over  the  hills. 

Meanwhile  the  larger  world  outside  found  its  way 
into  his  seclusion  with  words  of  cheer.  The  journals 
brought  frequent  notices  of  his  book,  and  letters  from 
his  literary  friends  at  home  and  abroad  reminded  him 
that  he  had  not  been  forgotten,  and  encouraged  him 
by  intimating  that  he  was  recognized  as  an  author 
with  ability  to  help  others.  Mary  Howitt  wrote  to 
thank  him  for  "  Views  Afoot,"  which  she  had  praised 
highly  in  her  journal,  and  to  ask  his  influence  in 
America  to  create  public  opinion  in  favor  of  her  and 
her  husband's  venture.  Eliza  Leslie,  for  whom  he  had 
a  high  regard,  sent  one  of  those  letters  which  make  a 
young  author's  heart  glow  with  pleasure. 

ELIZA   LESLIE    TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

February  18,  1847. 
The  extreme  illness  of  my  sister,  Mrs.  Carey,  has  hitherto  pre- 
vented me  from  an  early  acknowledgment  of  the  receipt  of  your 
delightful  hook,  which,  for  the  same  reason,  I  was  unable  to  enjoy 
the  pleasure  of  reading  when  it  first  came  to  hand.  All  my 
friends  concur  in  my  opinion  of  it.  My  brother,  Major  Leslie,  of 
the  army,  has  made  it  the  subject  of  a  letter  to  his  family  (who 


88  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

remain  at  New  York  while  he  is  on  duty  in  the  South),  and  he 
enjoins  them  to  get  a  copy  and  read  it  forthwith.  I  bought  one 
the  other  day  to  send  to  my  brother  Charles  in  London. 

I  hope  you  have  been  liberally  remunerated  by  Wiley  & 
Putnam.  If  not,  you  will  be  able  to  command  your  own  terms 
with  other  publishers  for  your  next  work,  this  having  become  at 
once  deservedly  popular. 

I  hear  you  are  publishing  a  weekly  paper.  You  will  please  to 
send  it  to  my  address.  I  inclose  the  amount  of  a  year's  sub~ 
scription.  When  you  visit  Philadelphia  I  shall  always  be  glad  to 
see  you. 

Miss  Leslie  was  then  sixty  years  old,  and  her  inter- 
est in  Bayard  Taylor  was  keenly  appreciated.  Years 
afterward,  when  writing  a  personal  sketch  of  the  Leslie 
family,  he  recurred  to  this  little  act  of  kindness  and 
said :  "  It  was  a  country  paper,  devoted  to  local  news, 
and  could  have  no  possible  interest  for  her,  —  but  she 
doubtless  conjectured,  as  was  true,  that  I  was  endeav- 
oring to  establish  myself  in  business,  and  that  every 
paid  subscription  was  a  real  assistance.  I  have  heard 
that  she  made  enemies  by  her  frankness,  and  her  scorn 
of  all  dissimulation :  she  reserved  her  tact  for  the  exer- 
cise of  her  kindness."  1 

Mrs.  Hale,  then  editor  of  "  Godey's  Lady's  Book," 
begged  him  to  send  her  a  short  article  for  the  "  Opal," 
one  of  the  holiday  gift  books  then  in  fashion,  and  the 
receptacle  of  many  of  the  poems  and  short  sketches 
which  were  the  foundation  of  long-lived  fame.  Fred- 
eric Gerstaecker  wrote  to  ask  his  interest  in  one  of  the 
American  novels  which  he  was  writing,  and  a  long 
and  charming  letter  came  from  the  old  Quaker  poet, 
Bernard  Barton,  who  took  so  kind  an  interest  in  him 
when  he  was  in  London.  Some  of  its  passages  were 
pondered  well  by  the  receiver,  who  was  then  thinking 

1  At  Home  and  Abroad,  ii.  407. 


EDITOR    OF  A    COUNTRY  NEWSPAPER.       89 

more  of  how  he  should  get  out  of  his  paper  than  how 
he  should  conduct  himself  in  it. 

BERNARD  BARTON  TO  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

Woodbkidge,  Fourth  Month  17,  1847. 
.  .  .  And  so  thou  art  editor,  proprietor,  and  printer  of  a  paper 
in  conjunction  with  some  fellow-laborer.  Marry  !  't  is  an  onerous 
and  toilsome  post,  but  it  may  be,  when  honorably  discharged,  an 
honorable  and  useful  one.  But  in  so  far  as  I  can  see  into  the 
workings  of  that  monster  leviathan,  the  Press,  in  our  country,  a 
man  had  need  be  clean-handed  and  stout-hearted  who  shall  en- 
gage in  it.  But  I  am  a  poor  provincial  recluse,  and  much  would 
fret  me  to  fiddle-strings  which  many  make  light  of.  I  only  wish 
it  may  leave  thee  leisure  to  cultivate  poetry,  touching  the  which 
I  have  my  fears  ;  but  thou  wilt  find  how  the  thing  shall  work. 
The  happiest  life,  as  it  seems  to  me,  is  that  which  enables  him 
who  leads  it  to  find  his  own  enjoyments  in  himself  and  his  home, 
and  at  the  same  time  allows  him  to  do  somewhat  towards  adding 
to  the  innocent  enjoyment  of  his  fellow-creatures.  This  is  per- 
haps best  effected  by  authorship;  but  the  cases  are  perhaps  com- 
paratively rare  in  which  this  is  a  lucrative  occupation,  unless  he 
who  follows  it  have  some  auxiliary  avocation  which  may  help  to 
bring  grist  to  the  mill,  or  by  his  position  and  connections  in  soci- 
ety have  a  tolerable  chance  of  an  indulgent  hearing  and  fair  play. 
The  circumstance  of  my  being  a  Quaker,  and  the  lucky  chance 
of  my  being  a  clerk  in  a  bank,  have  between  them  kept  me  from 
starving  in  my  vocation  ;  but  I  am  by  no  means  certain  I  should 
not  have  been  better  off,  in  a  worldly  sense,  had  I  never  penned 
couplet  or  stanza.  Very  few  are  eminently  successful,  in  a  worldly 
point  of  view,  but  by  undivided  attention  to  some  one  given  ob- 
ject. But  to  a  certain  extent  it  is  possible  to  provide  what  is  posi- 
tively necessary  for  our  needful  wants,  and  to  find  stolen  inter- 
vals of  leisure  to  throw  our  mites  into  that  treasury  of  true 
knowledge  whereby  our  age  and  generation  may  be  in  some  small 
degree  helped  to  be  wiser,  happier,  and  better.  We  cannot,  of  a 
truth,  serve  God  and  Mammon,  —  that  is,  we  cannot  make  both 
the  objects  of  our  heart's  devotion,  for  this  would  involve  the 
vain  attempt  to  combine  the  present  enjoyments  of  a  Dives  with 
the  reversionary  expectancies  of  a  Lazarus  ;  but  by  controlling 
our  desires  and  moderating  our  expectations,  by  neither  coveting 


90  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

wealth  nor  being  ashamed  of  poverty,  we  may  rub  and  drive  on 
tolerably,  and  do  somewhat  to  cultivate  and  cherish  the  sources  of 
true  happiness  in  ourselves,  and  open  them  up  to  our  fellow-crea- 
tures. All  this,  my  dear  Taylor,  I  jot  down  hastily  for  thee  to 
make  what  thou  canst  of  in  entering  on  a  field  of  honorable  labor 
from  which  I  am  about  retiring,  somewhat  in  the  character  of  a 
wounded  and  disabled  veteran  halt  and  maimed,  and  bearing 
many  an  inward  scar,  but  tolerably  heart-whole. 

Thine  ever  affectionately,  Bernard  Barton. 

Let  me  hear  from  thee  as  often  as  thou  canst.  My  frequency 
of  scribble  depends  on  thine. 

All  these  messages  and  the  thoughts  which  they  ex- 
cited were  made  over  quickly  to  Mary  Agnew,  whose 
letters  show  the  gentle  pride  which  she  took  in  her 
lover. 


a^n?U 


CHAPTER  V. 

REMOVAL   TO   NEW   YORK. 

1847. 

But  as  the  Rose  will  lend  its  excellence 
To  the  unlovely  earth  in  which  it  grows, 
Until  the  sweet  earth  says,  "  I  serve  the  Rose," 
So,  penetrant  with  her  was  every  sense. 

The  Picture  of  St.  John. 

MARY   AGNEW   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

March  1,  1847. 

.  .  .  Far  dearer  than  life  thou  art  to  me,  and  the  tie  that 
binds  me  to  thee  lies  deep  within  my  being,  too  strong  ever  to 
be  broken  by  the  trials  of  this  world.  I  shudder  when  I  think 
of  such  a  thing  as  being  separated  from  thee  ;  I  could  not  live, 
for  our  souls  have  grown  too  long  together  to  be  parted  without 
a  struggle  too  hard  to  be  borne.  Why  need  I  think  of  it  ?  for 
it  can  never  be.  Already  are  our  destinies  marvelously  en- 
twined, and  will  still  continue  to  be,  for  thou  art  my  heart's  only 
idol.  If  what  I  have  written  should  make  thee  sad  I  deeply 
regret  it,  yet  I  confide  hi  thee  with  my  whole  soul ;  and  to  whom 
else  can  I  pour  forth  the  fears  that  cross  my  path  in  the  every- 
day walk  of  life. 

I  had  indulged  high  and  bright  hopes  of  having  a  long  talk 
with  thee  during  thy  last  visit,  but  I  was  again  to  be  disap- 
pointed. Our  time  with  each  other  was  very  limited,  but  I 
must  not  murmur,  for  something  tells  me  that  I  ought  to  be 
thankful  for  the  time  I  had,  and  glad  that  the  blessed  means  of 
writing  is  allowed  me,  for  the  time  is  not  far  in  the  past  when  I 
was  debarred  from  this  small  privilege.  It  may  have  been  for 
the  best,  for  we  know  not  but  that  every  trial  and  difficulty  has 
united  us  more  closely,  and  still  tends  to  work  out  our  universal 
good.  .  .  . 


92  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

Phcenixville,  March  11,  1847. 

I  am  here  alone  to-night  ;  they  have  all  gone  to  the  meeting 
of  the  Literary  Society.  I  could  not  go  ;  I  am  deeply  sad  and 
cast  down  in  spirit,  and  must  relieve  the  painful  fullness  of  my 
feelings  hy  communion  with  thee.  Notwithstanding  for  several 
days  past  I  have  had  unhappy  presentiments,  I  was  surprised 
and  grieved  to  hear  of  thy  sickness  to-day.  I  knew  this  morn- 
ing I  would  hear  from  thee,  but  as  the  time  drew  nigh  when  the 
letter  should  arrive,  my  heart  seemed  to  sink  within  me  with  a 
sense  of  deep  foreboding.  I  am  still  suffering  under  strong 
anxiety,  and  shall  be  until  I  hear  from  thee  again.  Would  to 
Heaven  we  could  be  always  near  each  other  !  Were  I  but  al- 
lowed to  sit  by  thy  side,  and  try  to  cheer  thy  weary  hours  of  ill- 
ness, I  could  better  bear  it,  and  I  think  thou,  too,  wouldst  be 
happier.  .  .  . 

I  have  a  thousand  things  to  say,  and  yet  I  cannot  say  them, 
for  too  much  thinking.  Do  not  expect  me  to  be  very  cheerful 
this  time,  yet  when  thou  art  well  again  I  will  try  to  recover  my 
lost  spirits.  I  find  that  in  the  midst  of  all  this  toil  and  strug- 
gling which  I  am  now  going  through  a  strong  will  is  fast  grow- 
ing into  existence,  —  a  will  which  will  do  all  and  dare  all.  I  am 
determined  to  conquer  penury  and  care,  and  keep,  withal,  that 
love  of  the  pure  and  the  beautiful  which  is  the  soul  of  true  po- 
etry. This  determined  spirit,  combined  with  the  enthusiasm  of 
my  nature,  bas  helped  to  accomplish  all  which  I  have  yet  done, 
and  will  achieve  still  greater  results. 

I  cannot  be  with  thee  on  Saturday,  much  as  I  desire  the  hap- 
piness of  seeing  thee  again,  and  relieving  my  feelings  with  a  long 
conversation.  But  thou  wilt  write  again  after  receiving  this,  for 
I  shall  be  anxious  and  uneasy  till  I  hear  from  thee.  I  do  not 
know  certainly  when  I  can  go  home.  We  are  unusually  busy, 
and  our  affairs  are  so  arranged  at  present  that  neither  of  us  can 
well  leave.  But  I  shall  try  to  go  in  about  two  weeks  ;  in  that 
time,  perhaps,  the  buds  will  be  swelling,  and  the  grass  growing 
green  on  the  hillsides  and .  in  the  fresh  meadows.  I  long  for 
spring  ;  my  hopes  seem  to  brighten  in  its  balmy  air,  and,  what  is 
better,  I  can  visit  thee  more  frequently.  .  .  . 

I  am  very  well  bodily,  —  indeed,  Dr.  P tells  me  I  have  a 


REMOVAL   TO  NEW   YORK.  93 

constitution  equal  to  a  horse.  I  would  freely  part  with  some  of 
my  health  to  hasten  thy  recovery  ;  but  it  is  a  commodity  which 
we  cannot  give  away,  though  we  may  easily  use  it.  There, 
thou  seest  I  am  growing  cheerful  again,  for  I  do  not  want  to 
leave  the  lightest  shadow  of  my  own  sadness  on  thy  heart. 
Pray,  be  as  happy  as  thou  canst  ;  enjoy  whatever  sunshine  the 
^present  offers  thee,  and  trust  in  God  for  the  future. 

I  have  said  but  little,  yet  I  must  close.  It  is  growing  late  ; 
I  am  alone  and  undisturbed  ;  and  now,  dearest  Mary  (when 
shall  I  call  thee  by  a  fonder  name  ?),  good-night,  and  take  with 
thee  the  prayers  of  thine  forever. 

MARY  AGNEW  TO  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

March  14,  1847. 

I  hasten  to  relieve  thy  sadness  and  dispel  the  shadow  from  thy 
brow  (if  such  is  in  my  power).  .  .  .  Hannah  kindly  offered  to 
write  to  thee  for  me,  but  I  thought  perhaps  it  would  cause  thee 
less  anxiety  if  I  wrote  myself  ;  and  I  now  find  that  I  have  done 
the  very  thing  I  tried  to  avoid.  But  something  tells  me  it  was 
right  that  thou  shouldst  know  the  real  state  of  the  case,  and  if  I 
had  not  told  thee  I  would  not  have  been  true  to  thee,  and  it  is 
far  from  my  wish  to  conceal  a  thought  or  feeling  from  thee,  — 
thou  that  hast  loved  me  so  nobly  and  devotedly  through  many 
days  of  sorrow  and  anxiety. 

I  hope  that  thou  art  cheerful,  this  bright  morning,  that  has 
been  welcomed  by  the  songs  of  many  a  joyous  bird.  As  I  look 
out  at  the  window,  everything  seems  so  bright  and  happy  that 
some  of  the  brightness  has  passed  into  my  soul,  and  I  have  bid 
my  spirit  go  to  thee  and  whisper  words  of  joy  and  comfort  to 
thee,  which  thou  canst  understand,  but  no  one  else  knows  their 
meaning  ;  and  I  feel  even  now  while  I  write  that  thou  art  again 
cheerful.     Is  it  not  so  ? 

I  am  fast  gaining  strength.  Every  day  dawns  but  to  find  me 
growing  stronger  and  better,  and  I  hope  in  a  few  days  to  be 
able  to  resume  my  accustomed  duties.  I  have  been  cheerful  all 
the  time,  for  I  feel  that  after  this  I  will  be  better  than  I  have 
been  for  some  time.  Thou  knowest  I  have  not  been  very  well 
all  winter,  and  that  I  hope  that  I  may  recover  from  this  attack 
but  to  enjoy  the  blessing  of  health  more  than  I  have  done  lately. 
There  is  nothing  now  that  I  so  much  pray  for  as  health.     If  I 


94  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

were  free  from  pain  I  could  then  be  as  light-hearted  and  joyous 
as  others,  whose  prospects  are  not  so  bright  and  happy  ;  for  am 
I  not  transcendently  happy  while  I  have  thee  to  confide  in  ? 
I  can  say,  and  say  truly,  that 

"  Woman's  peace 
Ne'er  on  a  breast  so  tender  and  so  true 
Reposed  before." 

Even  if  we  are  sick  and  in  pain  there  are  many  things  from 
which  we  can  derive  comfort  and  pleasure.  I  have  lain  here  in 
this  room,  and  listened  to  the  glad  songs  of  the  bluebird,  the 
lark,  and  the  robin,  that  welcomed  the  coming  of  spring,  that 
season  that  I  have  so  longed  for,  as  bringing  me  renewed  health 
and  anticipated  joy.  Kind  friends  have  visited  me,  coming  with 
their  friendly  words  of  hope  and  comfort,  and  bringing  me 
beautiful  bunches  of  flowers,  on  which  I  could  gaze  and  watch 
them  unfolding  their  many  beauties.     Here  is  a  beautiful  bunch 

of   rosebuds   before  me  now,  that  Annie    G brought  me. 

Would  that  I  could  send  thee  one,  to  look  as  fresh  and  pretty  as 
it  does  now.  I  have  here,  too,  the  pure  white  snowdrop,  that 
blooms  regardless  of  the  coldness  of  the  breeze  that  kisses  it. 
Would  that  I  could  send  thee  one  of  them,  too.  But  the  flowers 
and  roses  will  soon  be  blooming  again,  and  then  thou  wilt  come 
and  receive  them  from  my  own  hand.  .  .  . 

Try  and  be  cheerful  again  ;  in  a  few  days  I  will  be  well.  I 
am  well  now,  but  not  yet  strong.  Let  me  caution  thee  again 
not  to  labor  too  hard,  for  even  the  constitution  of  a  "  horse " 
may  be  broken  by  too  much  exertion.  What  a  shame  to  com- 
pare thy  constitution  to  a  horse  ;  if  it  is  as  strong  as  that  we 
have  still  more  cause  to  be  thankful.  .  .  . 

Thou  wilt  write  to  me  soon,  thy  letters  are  so  precious  ;  and 
now,  dearest  Bayard,  again  accept  the  blessing  of  thy  thankful 

Mary. 

bayard  taylor  to  mary  agnew. 

Phcenixville,  March  14,  1847. 
...  I  am  beginning  to  think,  dear  Mary,  that  the  trials  we 
have  had  in  the  beginning  of  our  attachment  have  been  all  for 
the  best.  We  have  deeply  proved  (to  others  —  could  we  ever 
doubt  ourselves  ?)  the  sincerity  of  our  feelings,  and  the  life- 
strong  bond  which  unites  us  ;  and  we  can  much  more  confidently 


REMOVAL    TO  NEW   YORK.  95 

hope  for  a  happy  future,  than  if  the  past  had  been  all  sunshine. 
Nevertheless,  I  am  glad  that  the  past  is  past,  and  am  eager  for 
the  future  to  become  the  present.  Everything  that  I  see,  or 
hear,  or  read,  seems  to  remind  me  in  some  way  of  thee,  and  of 
the  happiness  which  ought  to  be  ours.  I  lose  myself  often  in 
day-dreams  of  our  future  home.  Dost  thou  not  build  castles 
-sometimes,  in  which  we  are  the  reigning  lords,  and  from  which 
our  warden,  Love,  drives  back  all  hostile  Cares,  who  have  no  true 
title  to  the  domain  ?  I  take  care,  however,  to  build  no  castles 
which  may  not  be  realized  ;  and  any  of  them  will  make  us  blest. 
If  it  were  better,  I  could  most  cheerfully  give  up  my  hopes  of  a 
higher  field  of  action,  and  sit  myself  down  contented  here,  or 
anywhere,  with  thee.  So  that,  in  eight  or  ten  years  I  shall  earn 
enough  to  build  us  a  beautiful  little  homestead  in  dear  old  Ken- 
nett,  among  our  friends,  where  I  can  study  and  write  in  the 
sweetest  retirement  ;  Provided  that  (as  the  laws  express  them- 
selves), we  have  first  fulfilled  our  promised  pilgrimage  to  Eu- 
rope and  the  East.  Now  all  this  may  be  done,  may  it  not  ? 
And  in  the  confidence  that  we  can  do  it,  let  us  do  right  and  trust 
in  God,  and  all  will  be  well.  I  am  not  sad  or  dejected  now  ;  the 
feeling  has  gone  like  a  mist  from  rny  spirit,  leaving  a  clear  blue 
sky,  in  which  shines  ever  an  "  unsetting  sun."  .  .  . 

I  am  really  glad  that  thou  art  pleased  with  my  poetry.  One 
word  from  thee  is  dearer  to  me  than  the  cold  praise  of  all  the 
critics  in  the  land.  But  the  critics,  too,  have  been  kind.  The 
London  "  Athenseum  "  notices  very  favorably,  for  the  "  Literary 
World,"  in  New  York,  copied  part  of  it.  Peabody,  of  Boston, 
wrote  an  article  about  it  (which  I  have  not  seen)  for  the  "  North 
American  Review  ;  "  and  last,  though  not  least,  Mrs.  Sarah  J. 
Hale  wrote  me  a  very  kind  letter,  accompanied  with  a  number 
of  the  "  Lady's  Book,"  which  contained  a  most  flattering  notice. 
She  says  (in  the  "  Book ")  :  "  He  has  won  himself  a  place  in 
the  hearts  of  his  countrymen.  Bright  eyes  will  watch  his  name 
in  the  periodicals,  and  fair  hands  will  turn  over  his  pages.  It 
will  now  be  easy  for  him  to  climb  the  '  slippery  steep,' "  etc., 
etc.,  —  all  very  pleasant,  no  doubt.  I  merely  mention  it,  that 
thou  mayst  see  how  well  I  am  succeeding.  Bernard  Barton  has 
sent  me  from  England  a  beautiful  copy  of  his  poems. 

I  write  this  from  our  new  house.  We  have  been  here  a  week, 
and  like  it  very  well.  But  still  it  is  not  a  home.  The  magic 
which  hallows  home  is  wanting.     They  say  to  me  :  "  Get  mar- 


96  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ried  at  once,  you  will  do  much  better,"  etc.  And  indeed  I  wish 
I  could  follow  their  advice.  So  I  tell  thein,  and  some  undertake 
to  assist  me  in  the  choice  of  a  companion  !  Of  course,  I  indig- 
nantly decline  their  services. 

It  is  quite  late,  and  growing  extremely  cold  ;  I  must  therefore 
stop  scrawling.  If  thou  canst  read  these  pot-hooks  without  dif- 
ficulty, I  shall  be  surprised.  .  .  . 

Phcenixville,  June  29,  1847. 

.  .  .  Think  of  it,  Mary,  months  have  passed  since  we  could 
have  an  hour  or  two  to  ourselves.  Each  time  of  my  return  home 
have  I  looked  forward  to,  in  the  hope  that  it  would  afford  me 
that  happiness,  and  thou,  too,  hast  longed  for  the  consolation 
of  such  a  communion.  Perhaps  we  shall  have  to  wait  weeks 
longer.  Still,  it  is  much  to  see  thee  now  and  then,  and  to  receive 
such  dear  messages  from  thee  when  absent.  .  .  . 

I  know  the  trials  to  which  thou  art  at  times  subjected,  on  my 
account,  and  feel  deeply  the  unhappiness  they  must  cause  thee. 
But  do  not  think  that  anything  which  may  be  said  to  me  causes 
unkind  or  unpleasant  feelings  ;  I  look  upon  it  as  occasioned  by 
an  unhappy  foreboding  which,  at  times,  makes  us  all  somewhat 
disposed  to  forget  the  light  by  which  we  are  surrounded.  And 
the  uniform  and  generous  kindness  of  thy  father  towards  me 
encourages  me  to  hope  that  by  honorable  exertion  and  strict  ad- 
herence to  right  thought  and  right  action,  I  may  win  the  confi- 
dence and  esteem  of  all  who  hold  thee  dear.  I  would  that  they 
might  see  our  destinies  united,  without  the  least  anxiety  for  thee. 
Do  not  doubt  that  thou  wilt  find  warm  hearts  ready  to  welcome 
thee  in  my  home,  as  a  daughter  and  sister 

I  am  learning  patience  from  thy  calm,  enduring  spirit.  When 
thou  sayest  thou  canst  wait  for  years  until  our  hour  of  union  shall 
come,  I  know  thou  art  but  preparing  thyself  to  encounter  any 
destiny  which  might  retard  this  fondly  anticipated  time.  I  grow 
at  times  impatient  and  full  of  "  unrest "  in  picturing  the  possibil- 
ity of  such  a  delay,  for  I  think  if  the  world  were  as  it  should  be 
we  would  have  been  united  long  ere  this.  Yet  I  can  bear  the 
thought  of  two  or  three  years'  weary  waiting  with  more  calm- 
ness, and  the  secret  hope  that  a  shorter  period  will  terminate  our 
probation.  We  are  now  children  no  longer.  Thou  art  a  woman, 
and  every  way  fitted  for  a  woman's  part  in  the  drama  of  exist- 
ence.   I  am  a  man  in  years  and  experience,  if  not  too  full  of  folly 


REMOVAL   TO  NEW  YORK.  97 

and  nonsense  at  times  to  be  one.  It  only  remains,  then,  for  my 
situation  here  to  become  rather  more  than  self-supporting,  and 
for  all  our  friends  (relatives,  I  should  say)  who  have  authority  in 
the  matter  to  give  their  consent.  When  the  first  requisite  is 
fairly  obtained,  I  think  there  will  be  little  difficulty  about  the 
other  ;  and  all  this  may  be  brought  about  in  a  shorter  time  than 
jve  now  anticipate.  At  all  events,  I  feel  comfort  hi  the  thought 
that  Time  now  flies  so  fast,  and  that  sooner  or  later  he  will  bring 
us  the  hour.  And  then  he  may  go  fast  or  slow,  the  world  may 
be  good  or  evil,  the  sanctuary  of  home  and  hearts  will  be  always 
the  abode  of  happiness. 

Summer  is  here  in  all  her  glory.  Her  scarf  is  loosened  on  the 
hills,  and  all  the  wide  landscape  is  flecked  with  gold.  A  blue, 
smoky  haze  fills  the  air,  and  the  heat  grows  stifling  and  oppres- 
sive. To-night  the  sun  went  down  like  a  great  round  drop  of 
blood,  and  it  will  be  after  midnight  before  the  waning  moon  shall 
"go  up  amid  the  eternal  stars."  It  is  now  near  the  witching  hour 
of  night,  and  the  dull,  sultry  atmosphere  overpowers  me.  I  must 
leave  this  to  be  finished  in  the  morning.  Visit  me,  if  thou  canst, 
in  dreams,  and  I  will  dream  to  return  the  visit. 

Morning.  My  dreams  were  not  of  thee,  but  I  had  an  inspiring 
vision.  I  thought  old  Ludwig  Uhland  sat  beside  me,  leaning  his 
silver  head  on  my  shoulder,  aud  repeated  some  of  his  beautiful 
German  ballads.  It  was  a  singular  thought,  but  perhaps  had  a 
mysterious  connection  with  my  waking  reflections  ;  for  I  was 
turning  over  in  my  mind  the  resolution  to  write  no  more  poetry, 
and  give  my  imagination  no  license  to  wander,  until  my  business 
should  be  fixed  and  secure.  And  I  was  wondering  whether  such 
a  determination  would  destroy  forever  the  "  divine  faculty."  But 
there  is  no  fear  of  it,  I  believe.  A  flower  which  has  been  planted 
by  Nature,  and  cherished  by  years  of  thought,  cannot  die  from 
such  a  slight  neglect.  The  end  is  at  hand,  —  almost  at  the  be- 
ginning of  my  talk  with  thee.  I  shall  see  thee  again  the  end  of 
next  week,  but  write,  if  thou  canst,  before  that  time.  Thy  let- 
ters give  me  a  world  of  joy.  I  hope  it  will  not  be  long  before  I 
shall  see  thee  here,  and  show  thee  my  familiar  haunts. 

MARY  AGNEW  TO  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

July  31,  1847. 
This  is  a  beautiful  evening  to  close  my  twentieth  birthday,  but 
I  am  too  weak  to  enjoy  it.     I  can  scarcely  sit  up,  and  am  not  al- 
vol.  i.  7 


98  BA  YARD   TA  YLOR. 

lowed  to  write  ;  for  this  reason  I  have  taken  a  small  sheet,  and 
probably  shall  not  fill  it,  and  yet  feel  as  if  I  had  so  much  for  ut- 
terance, so  many  things  to  pour  trustfully  into  thy  loving,  gener- 
ous heart.  But  do  not  be  alarmed  when  thee  reads  the  beginning 
of  this.  It  is  only  a  general  debility,  brought  on  by  so  much  dis- 
ease and  anxiety.  Doctor  says  when  I  get  well  I  may  be  better 
than  ever  I  was,  but  I  must  be  very  careful.  It  will  require 
many  sacrifices,  but  I  can  easily  give  up  present  pleasure  for  fu- 
ture benefit.  Thy  last  loved  letter  is  open  before  me.  With 
what  unspeakable  joy  I  received  it ;  for  I  had  felt  dull  and  sad, 
and  this  came  to  me  as  a  comfort  and  a  joy,  —  as  those  dear  mis- 
sives ever  do,  that  breathe  to  me  of  the  gentleness  and  nobleness 
of  thy  pure,  lofty  soul.  Lying  before  me,  too,  is  thy  pictured 
image,  the  little  frame  yet  fragrant  with  the  perfume  and  beauty 
of  the  many  summer  flowers  that  I  have  lain  upon  it  in  the  cher- 
ished love  of  my  heart.  Such  was  my  pleasure  day  after  day 
when  I  was  well,  and  now  I  have  two  loved  locks  of  hair  that  lay 
within  it,  that  I  have  cherished  long  and  wondered  if  I  would  be 
allowed  to  smooth  it  when  it  should  be  "  silvered  o'er  with  years." 
But  whither  am  I  wandering  ?  Thou  wilt  see  by  the  mistakes, 
writing,  and  other  things,  that  I  am  not  fit  to  write  a  letter;  but 
I  wanted  that  thee  should  get  a  few  lines,  for  it  seems  so  long 
since  I  have  written,  though  I  have  so  much  wished  to,  and  I 
feared  that  thou  mightst  censure  me,  —  and  oh  !  dear  Bayard,  I 
could  not  for  a  moment  bear  that  such  should  be  the  case.  Yet 
it  is  my  daily  fear  that  I  may  have  done  something  to  cause  thee 
many  a  saddening  thought.  .  .  .  Thou  wilt  be  home  next  Satur- 
day. I  shall  be  strong  again  then,  I  hope.  Come  here  as  early 
as  thou  canst  Saturday  evening.  I  want  to  have  some  time  with 
thee. 

When  Bayard  Taylor  went  to  establish  himself  in  a 
small  country  community,  he  did  not  take  into  account 
that  indomitable  desire  for  growth  and  for  the  highest 
development  which  possessed  him,  and  which  the  cir- 
cumstances of  his  life  as  editor  of  a  country  newspaper 
could  serve  only  by  presenting  obstacles  to  be  over- 
come. He  went  away  to  New  York  and  the  Catskills 
for  a  short  summer  vacation,  and  the  glimpse  which  he 


REMOVAL    TO  NEW   YORK.  99 

had  again  of  New  York  life  suggested  such  contrasts 
that  he  returned  to  Phoenixville  with  his  mind  made 
up  to  go  to  the  city,  if  it  were  possible,  and  support 
himself  by  literary  work.  He  missed  seeing  Willis, 
and  so  wrote  to  him  for  advice  after  his  return  to 
Phcenixville,  where  he  was  suddenly  called  by  death  in 
his  partner's  family. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR    TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

Phcenixville,  August  29,  1847. 

Thou  wilt  be  surprised,  and  perhaps  disappointed,  to  receive 
a  letter  from  this  place  instead  of  nry  promised  visit.  I  heard  in 
New  York,  after  writing  to  thee,  of  the  illness  of  Mr.  R.  N.  Fos- 
ter, and  on  reaching  Philadelphia,  Thursday  last,  heard  that  Fred 
had  been  written  for,  since  his  father's  life  was  despaired  of. 
This  obliged  me  to  come  here  immediately,  and,  as  may  be  sup- 
posed, I  found  my  presence  much  needed,  —  so  much  so,  that  I 
found  it  quite  impossible  to  leave,  even  if  yesterday's  rain  had 
permitted  my  going  to  Kennett.  .  .  . 

I  have  no  time  now  to  tell  how  many  old  friends  I  met  and 
new  ones  found.  There  is  so  much  to  be  done  for  the  paper  that 
I  must  stop  this  pleasant  talk  with  thee,  and  go  to  the  actuals 
and  indispensables.  But  I  can  safely  promise  a  good  stock  of  in- 
teresting gossip  when  we  meet.  Shall  I  not  hear  from  thee  be- 
fore the  end  of  the  week  ? 

MARY  AGNEW  TO  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

.  .  .  How  lonely  I  felt  after  thee  left  us  that  night.  I  went 
directly  to  my  room,  leaned  my  head  out  of  the  window,  and 
drank  in  the  silent,  saddening  beauty  of  the  night.  But  a  short 
time,  and  I  heard  the  mournful  car  whistle  that  told  me  thou 
wouldst  soon  be  many  miles  from  me.  But  it  was  a  joy  to 
think  that  distance  could  not  separate  us,  —  that  the  light  of 
thy  love  and  faithfulness  was  ever  shining  round  me  like  a  halo. 
...  It  was  a  beautiful  day  [a  return  home  from  Wilmington]. 
I  thought  I  never  saw  the  woods  look  so  brilliant.  I  wondered 
where  thou  wert,  and  oh  !  how  I  wished  thou  wert  with  me.  This 
is  my  favorite  season.  The  solemn  sadness  of  the  time  seems  to 
suit  my  spirit  better  than  the  light  joyousness  of  the  spring,  when 


100  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

everything  is  waking  to  life  and  beauty  ;  but  next  spring  will 
find  me  waking  to  health  and  strength,  —  at  least,  I  hope  so.  It 
would  be  a  new  life,  —  yes,  it  would  be  new  to  me  to  pass  one 
day  without  pain.  But  I  will  be  well,  and  then,  dear  Bayard, 
what  joy  awaits  us  ;  for  it  falls  on  thee  as  well  as  me.  I  have 
much,  very  much  to  say,  but  it  is  late  at  night,  and  I  must  send 
this  to  the  office  in  the  morning,  so  I  must  close  with  the  hope  of 
getting  a  letter  soon,  and  having  a  long,  long  talk  with  thee 
when  thee  again  comes  home.  .  .  .  And  now  I  bid  thee  a  fervent 
good-night,  and  shall  go  to  my  pillow  to  be  visited  with  dreams 
of  thee  ;  and  may  the  guardian  of  thy  sleep  send  pleasant  ones  of 


BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO  JOHN   B.   PHILLIPS. 

Pho3:nixvill,e,  September  8,  1847. 

...  It  is  now  nearly  ten  o'clock,  and  I  am  sitting  at  the  table 
(you  know  where  it  is)  surrounded  with  books,  papers,  and  man- 
uscripts. My  room  is  beginning  to  look  like  an  author's  labora- 
tory. The  windows,  mantel,  table,  and  even  floor  are  covered 
with  ancient  and  modern,  native  and  foreign  literature,  and  one 
window  is  entirely  taken  up  with  the  books  given  me  in  New 
York.  Among  others,  I  have  the  works  of  Hood,  Tupper,  Leigh 
Hunt,  Hawthorne,  Mrs.  Kirkland,  etc.,  besides  all  of  Goethe  and 
Schiller  in  fifteen  magnificent  German  volumes.  This,  as  you 
will  readily  conceive,  is  a  good  winter's  work.  But  I  have  com- 
menced it  with  ardor,  and  by  employing  every  moment  of  leisure 
time  I  hope  to  be  well  acquainted  with  them  all  before  long. 
Putnam,  who,  by  the  bye,  is  one  of  the  very  best  fellows  in  the 
world,  gave  me  the  greater  part  of  them.  He  has  returned  to 
America  to  live,  as  you  are  perhaps  already  aware.  I  spent  two 
evenings  with  him  on  Staten  Island. 

I  was  exceedingly  fortunate  in  New  York  in  making  delight- 
ful literary  acquaintances,  —  such  as  C.  F.  Hoffman,  Mrs.  Kirk- 
land, Mr.  and  Mrs.  Seba  Smith,  Bryant,  Page  and  Powell,  the 
painters,  G.  P.  Morris,  Balmanno,  etc.  I  called  on  the  first  of 
these  without  an  introduction,  but  was  most  cordially  received, 
and  spent  a  delightful  evening  with  him  and  Page.  I  afterwards 
took  him,  with  Griswold  and  Seba  Smith  (Jack  Downing),  to  see 
the  Greek  Slave,  and  in  the  evening  Hoffman  went  with  me  to 
Brooklyn  to  the  Smiths,  where  we  stayed  till  eleven  o'clock,  pass- 
ing the  time  most  delightfully.     I  also  spent  an  evening  with 


REMOVAL   TO  NEW  YORK.  101 

Mrs  Kirkland,  who  is,  to  my  mind,  possessor  of  more  genius  than 
any  woman  in  America.  She  is  a  most  noble  character,  and  every 
one  in  New  York  esteems  her.  Bryant  is  her  most  intimate  friend, 
and  she  gave  me  a  deep  insight  into  his  character.  Bryant  I  found 
calm  and  cold,  as  I  had  expected,  but  having  the  stamp  of  greatness 
in  his  countenance.  I  felt  a  kind  of  pride  in  having  been  previously 
known  to  all  these  persons.  They  did  not  look  upon  me  as  a 
stranger,  and,  though  but  an  embryo  author,  it  gave  me  the  key 
to  their  sympathies.  I  cannot  tell  you  how  much  I  enjoyed  this 
week's  visit.  Nothing  could  be  more  refreshing  to  the  mind  than 
the  converse  of  such  gifted  spirits  after  a  year  spent  among  Phce- 
nixville  ignorance  and  dullness.  Willis  was  unfortunately  not  in 
the  city.  .  .  . 

N.   P.   WILLIS   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

New  York,  Sejitember  19,  1847. 

Mrs.  Kirkland  had  told  me  of  your  visit  to  New  York  before  I 
received  your  letter,  and  expressed  herself  highly  pleased  to  have 
seen  you.  I  am  sorry  I  was  not  here.  We  arrived  on  Tuesday 
for  the  winter. 

Touching  the  subject  of  your  letter,  I  have,  on-the-wliole- 
imoushj,  wondered  at  your  policy  of  preference  for  country  edit- 
ing ;  but  as  I  did  not  particularly  know  what  were  your  pros- 
pects and  reasons,  I  did  not  venture  to  pronounce  it  unwise.  I 
should  divide  into  equal  thirds  the  desirableness  of  a  business 
for  you  and  me  :  1.  Profit  enough  to  support  a  family.  2.  Gen- 
ial and  congenial  society.  3.  Chances  for  making  renown,  or 
rather  for  securing  appreciation.  Two  of  these  would  make  a 
majority  which  would  outweigh  the  remaining  third.  You  can 
apply  this  yard-stick  to  your  paper  at  Phcenixville  for  yourself. 

If  you  conclude  to  come  to  New  York,  I  think  you  had  better 
make  your  engagements  by  correspondence,  editing  your  paper 
meantime.  It  will  give  you  the  advantage  of  seeming  to  have 
a  resource  if  refused.  Write  to  every  paper  and  everybody. 
Be  willing  to  go  in  at  a  small  hole,  like  a  lean  rat,  trusting  to 
increase  so  much  that  you  cannot  be  got  out  without  destroying 
what  took  you  in.  This  is  fair  play,  where  the  property  of  an 
establishment  is  made  by  your  underpaid  industry.  The  town 
is  full  of  five-dollar-a-week  men,  but  they  don't  stand  at  all  in 
your  way.  Your  book  has  made  you  a  name  which  would  give 
your  union  to  any  paper  great  value,  and,  as  a  practical  printer, 


102  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

also,  you  are  a  most  desirable  partner  for  a  man  with  capital,  who 
wants  the  influence  and  occupation  of  a  paper.  You  are  a  man, 
however,  to  whom  half  a  hint  is  a  sermon,  and  so  I  say  no  more 
on  that  point. 

As  to  society  you  would  find  New  York  delightful.  It  is,  as 
yet,  without  any  acknowledged  upper  circle,  and  therefore  you 
may  pick  your  society  untrammeled,  and  enjoy  it  as  the  undis- 
puted best.  The  first  year  you  would  (chances  are)  obtain 
merely  a  livelihood.  The  second  year  you  might  marry  and 
begin  to  thrive.  I  will  be  on  the  lookout  for  a  place  for  you  to 
put  your  foot. 

We  expect  Richard  every  day.  I  hope  you  will  be  here  to 
meet  him,  and  chat  over  Germany  around  my  table. 

God  bless  you.  With  my  promised  best  respect  to  your  bien- 
aime'e,  tell  her  from  me  that  in  a  "  worldly  point  of  view  "  you 
are  an  excellent  match.  She  knows,  of  course,  that  there  is  no 
love  bike  the  love  of  genius. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

Phcenixville,  October  15, 1847. 

I  still  adhere  to  the  determination  of  changing  my  situation 
as  soon  as  possible.  All  my  reason  seems  to  point  out  this  path 
as  the  best.  If  I  can  get  a  good  place  I  have  little  fears  as  to 
further  success  and  advancement.  I  confess,  too,  that  I  think 
we  would  be  happier  there  than  here,  —  at  least  for  a  few  years. 
I  am  almost  satisfied  that  I  could  make  a  very  good  living  by 
writing  alone,  but  to  attempt  it  would  be  unwise.  I  can  at  least 
very  materially  increase  my  income  in  that  way.  Authorship 
is  now  beginning  to  be  profitable.  I  may  be  born  on  the  verge 
of  a  better  era,  and  so  help  reap  the  harvest  of  future  years.  At 
least,  I  have  made  a  very  auspicious  commencement  for  an 
American  writer.  God  grant  me  continued  strength,  for  I  have 
appointed  myself  a  great  work  to  do  before  I  die. 

I  have  been  studying  Schiller  lately,  and  find  rich  stores  of 
encouragement  in  his  life  and  poetry.  On  Sunday  I  took  his 
"  Don  Carlos  "  with  me  in  our  boat,  and  rowed  myself  out  of 
sight  of  the  village  into  the  solitude  of  the  autumn  woods.  The 
sky  was  blue  and  bright  as  that  of  Eden,  and  the  bright  trees 
waved  over  me  like  gorgeous  banners  from  the  hilltops.  I  sat 
on  a  sunny  slope  and  read  for  hours  ;  it  was  a  rare  enjoyment ! 
As  I  moved  to  rise  I  found  a  snake,  which  had  crept  up  to  me 


REMOVAL   TO  NEW  YORK.  103 

for  warmth,  and  was  coiled  up  quietly  under  my  arm.  I  was 
somewhat  startled,  but  the  reptile  slid  noiselessly  away,  and  I 
could  not  harm  it.  Jumping  into  the  boat  again,  I  let  it  float 
with  the  current,  and  read  till  it  grew  dark  and  chilly. 

This  woidd  be  called  a  long  letter,  but  I  have  said  very  Little, 
and  I  must  now  close,  as  usual,  at  midnight.  Fred  has  not  re- 
turned yet,  and  I  am  overwhelmed  with  work.  His  brother  is  a 
little  better,  but  very  low.  Thou  wilt  read  this,  I  suppose,  on 
Saturday  night,  and  on  a  week  from  then  I  hope  to  be  with  thee. 
Write  whenever  thou  canst,  —  too  often  thou  canst  never  write. 

Bayard  Taylor  followed  Willis's  advice  to  open  ne- 
gotiations with  New  York  editors  while  continuing  his 
business  at  Phoenixville,  and  wrote  to  Mr.  Greeley,  R. 
W.  Griswold,  Charles  Fenno  Hoffman,  and  W.  C.  Bry- 
ant. The  characteristic  replies  of  these  gentlemen 
give  a  good  indication  both  of  the  esteem  in  which 
they  held  their  correspondent  and  of  the  very  meagre 
resources  which  literary  life  in  New  York  at  that  time 
could  command. 

HORACE  GREELEY  TO  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

New  York,  October  11,  1847. 
My  Friend  Taylor,  —  I  know  nothing  at  present  wherewith 
to  tempt  you  toward  this  city.  We  are  in  the  vortex  of  literary 
and  miscellaneous  adventure.  All  the  aspiring  talent  and  con- 
ceit of  our  own  country  and  of  Europe  confront  and  crowd  on 
our  pavements,  and  every  newspaper  or  other  periodical  estab- 
lishment is  crowded  with  assistants  and  weighed  down  with 
promises.  My  own  judgment  is  that  you  will  do  ill  in  leaving 
work  secure  and  ready  to  your  hands  to  hunt  work  in  any  of  the 
unhealthy  crowds  congregated  on  the  sea-coast.  But  judge  of 
this  for  yourself.  It  seems  to  me  that  two  or  three  years'  ex- 
perience in  a  country  village  will  better  qualify  you  for  a  depart- 
ment in  a  city  paper  ;  that,  as  to  study,  time  is  everything,  and 
that  is  very  scarce  with  anybody's  hirelings  in  this  city  ;  and  that 
should  you  evince  high  qualities  in  your  present  position  they 
will  be  noted,  and  your  services  requested  elsewhere.  Life  is 
very  hurried  and  fretful  in  a  great  city. 

Yours,  Horace  Greeley. 


104  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


R.   W.   GRISWOLD   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

New  York,  October  24,  1847. 

My  dear  Taylor,  —  I  am  very  much  delighted  at  the  pros- 
pect of  having  you  in  New  York.  I  have  been  making  some 
inquiries  down  town  this  morning,  but  without  success,  though  I 
have  no  doubt,  with  your  abilities  and  experience,  enough  will  be 
found  to  do  after  a  little  while. 

Meantime,  enough  to  "  pay  your  board "  awaits  you  on  my 
"  Biographie  "  in  the  form  of  translations  of  articles  from  the 
new  "  Conversations  Lexikon,"  if  you  will  undertake  them.  I 
certainly  will  do  all  I  can  very  gladly,  and  am  so  sanguine  that 
I  have  no  hesitation  in  bidding  you  come  at  once. 

I  live  in  my  shop  here  at  the  University,  and  rarely  go  out 
now  but  to  get  my  meals  at  the  New  York  Hotel,  or  to  visit  the 
printing-office. 

My  brother  has  just  told  me  of  a  first-rate  boarding-house, 
equal  to  that  I  have  left,  in  Bond  Street,  for  half  the  price, 

I  scribble  this  very  hastily,  for  I  wish  to  send  it  down  to  the 
post-office  by  the  boy  who  is  "  waiting  for  copy." 
Yours  most  sincerely, 

Kufus  W.  Griswold. 

CHARLES   FENNO   HOFFMAN   TO  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Office  Literary  World,  October  30,  1847. 
My  dear  Sir,  —  Your  letter  of  the  19th  interested  me  much. 
I  like  your  idea  of  "  coming  up  to  the  capital,"  as  did  the  wor- 
thies of  literature  in  Johnson's  time.  Griswold  tells  me  he  has 
written  you  offering  something  to  do.  I  wish  I  could  offer  you 
a  certain  and  permanent  engagement  upon  this  paper  ;  perhaps 
we  may  hereafter.  Meanwhile,  if  an  engagement  for  the  months 
of  November  and  December  of  five  dollars  a  week  upon  the 
miscellaneous  department  of  the  "  Literary  World,"  or  for  one 
review  a  week,  will  advance  your  object,  I  pray  you  to  consider 
it  settled.  I  write  in  great  haste,  with  business  and  business 
people  pressing,  so  you  must  not  gauge  my  interest  in  your 
plans  by  this  brief  note  from         Yours  hurriedly, 

C.  F.  Hoffman. 


REMOVAL    TO  NEW    YORK.  105 


WILLIAM   CULLEN   BRYANT   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

New  York,  November  30,  1S47. 

Dear  Sir,  —  You  must  have  thought  me  uncivil  iu  not  answer- 
ing your  letter  earlier.  The  truth  was,  I  did  not  know  what  to 
advise,  and  day  after  day  went  over,  till  I  was  ashamed  to  look 
"at  the  date  of  your  letter  to  see  how  many  had  elapsed. 

With  regard  to  your  coming  to  New  York,  there  is  no  douht 
that  a  residence  here,  to  one  whose  character  and  hahits  are 
formed,  like  yours,  is  of  great  advantage  in  point  of  intellectual 
improvement.  The  intellect  is  incited  to  greater  exertions,  is  in- 
vigorated by  collision  with  other  intellects,  and  finds  more  abun- 
dant aliment  ;  but  they  who  live  by  their  pens  here  do  not,  I 
bebeve,  find  it  a  very  easy  life  hi  general.  Either  they  are  very 
laboriously  occupied,  for  the  most  part  without  a  very  liberal 
compensation,  or  find  occupation  uncertain  and  its  rewards 
scanty. 

The  greater  number  of  them,  I  believe,  write  for  the  maga- 
zines, a  thing  of  which  you  have  some  experience.  When  they 
have  acquired  some  reputation,  they  often  venture  upon  a  vol- 
ume ;  you  have  experience  in  that  way,  too.  The  newspaper 
press  furnishes  the  steadiest  income,  but  its  places  are  few  and 
always  full,  and  there  is  a  crowd  of  competitors  ready  for  casual 
vacancies.     I  know  of  none  such  at  present. 

Such  is  an  outline  of  the  literary  chart  of  New  York.  If  you 
conclude  to  try  its  navigation,  I  shall  be  happy  to  render  you 
any  service  in  my  power.  Yours  truly, 

W.  C.  Bryant. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

November  12,  1847. 
I  thought  I  would  make  up  my  deficiency  a  week  or  two  ago, 
and  write  a  long  letter,  but  the  "  pressure  of  business  "  confines 
me  to  this  sheet  of  note-paper.  And  indeed,  I  can  scarcely  steal 
time  enough  to  say  more  than  that  I  am  enjoying  good  health 
and  good  spirits,  notwithstanding  many  little  difficulties  and  vex- 
ations. I  received  another  letter  from  Hoffman  yesterday,  re- 
peating his  offer  and  urging  me  to  come.  Of  course  I  replied, 
accepting  it,  and  promising  to  come  on  as  soon  as  possible.  I 
fear  I  shall  have  to  dispose  of  the  "  Pioneer  "  at  considerable 


106  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

loss,  but  I  will  endeavor  soon  to  make  it  up  in  New  York.  It  is, 
however,  to  say  the  least,  very  vexatious  and  annoying  to  throw 
away  a  year's  work  for  nothing,  at  this  time  of  life.  Thou  canst, 
doubtless,  appreciate  the  feeling  with  which  I  regard  this  disap- 
pointment. I  have  lost  none  of  my  hope  and  confidence,  but  I 
feel  impatient  about  it,  and  sometimes  almost  —  angry.  But 
then  I  recur  to  my  philosophy,  which  is,  never  to  let  myself  be 
troubled  about  what  is  done  and  can't  be  helped,  and  I  find  that  a 
little  calm  reasoning  soon  restores  my  equanimity. 

I  think  we  have  both  learned  a  good  deal  of  patience  and  self- 
denial,  which  may  do  us  good  service  amid  the  trials  which  may 
meet  us  in  after-life.  There  is  much  sunshine  in  the  world ; 
even  as  I  write  a  ray  of  it  shot  into  my  heart,  and  I  am  glad  and 
happy ;  it  was  the  thought  of  our  union,  haply  not  very  distant  in 
the  future.  I  have  a  stock  of  gladness  in  my  spirit,  which  will 
keep  me  always  hopeful  and  buoyant,  and  I  thank  God  for  this. 
Be  thou  hopeful,  too,  for  "  why  should  we  seek  to  anticipate 
sadness,"  etc.  ? 

But  I  must  close,  for  it  is  bright  morning,  and  my  presence  is 
wanted  in  the  office.  I  write  now  that  thou  mayest  receive  it  to- 
morrow night.  All  my  spare  time,  which  is  not  much,  has  been 
employed  on  a  lecture  for  to-morrow  night. 

In  writing,  several  years  afterward,  of  his  experi- 
ment at  Phoenixville,  Bayard  Taylor  says :  "  I  soon 
discovered  that  the  paper  which  I  wished  to  publish 
would  not  satisfy  the  demands  of  my  subscribers.  I 
could  not  make  my  pen  serve  the  petty  local  interests, 
which  alone  they  cared  for;  as  I  wished  to  remain 
neutral  in  politics,  I  offended  both  parties  ;  when  I 
endeavored  to  illustrate  higher  literary  points  of  view, 
my  orthodoxy  in  religious  things  was  called  in  ques- 
tion. At  last,  after  wasting  a  year  in  the  thankless 
business,  I  gave  it  up  in  despair,  and  went  to  New 
York,  weighed  down  with  a  debt,  the  paying  of  which 
cost  me  the  earnings  of  the  next  three  years." 

He  had  no  positive  engagement  in  New  York  ex- 
cept that  offered  by  Mr.  Hoffman,  but  shortly  after  he 


REMOVAL   TO  NEW   YORK.  107 

reached  the  city  he  added  to  this  an  engagement  to 
teach  a  class  in  literature  in  Miss  Green's  school  for 
young  ladies,  three  to  four  hours  a  week  for  four  dol- 
lars, "  which  is  good  pay,"  he  writes,  "  and  will  do 
much  to  help  me  along."  So,  with  the  certainty  of 
-nine  dollars  a  week,  he  embarked  hopefully  upon  the 
current  of  a  literary  life  in  New  York.  It  was  a  week 
before  Christmas  when  he  arrived,  and  on  Christmas 
Day  he  wrote  to  Mary  Agnew :  — 

"  The  happiest  and  merriest  heart  be  thine  to-day ! 
The  very  soul  of  all  Christmas  enjoyment  make  sun- 
shine around  thee  !  And  amid  all  the  kind  wishes 
thou  wilt  receive  from  loving  friends,  forget  not  that 
my  fondest,  most  fervent  blessing  goes  to  thee  from 
the  depths  of  my  heart.  Chide  me  not  that,  in  ab- 
sence, I  feel  cheerful  and  happy.  I  have  been  among 
friends  to-day,  among  those  who  knew  me ;  the  gay 
crowds  of  this  busy  city  seemed  familiar  and  home- 
like, and  there  was  needed  but  the  one  dear  presence 
to  make  me  indeed  contented.  Here  is  my  sphere  of 
action  ;  it  may  be  my  place  of  sorrow  and  suffering, 
but  always  of  happiness  while  I  have  thee." 


CHAPTER  VI. 

LITERARY   LIFE  IN   NEW  YORK. 

1848-1849. 

In  midnight  streets 
And  haunted  attics  flattered  by  the  chime 
Of  silver  words,  and,  fed  by  faith  sublime, 
I  Shelley's  mantle  wore,  you  that  of  Keats. 

Sonnet  to  R.  H.  S. 

The  strongest  motive  which  prompted  Bayard  Tay- 
lor to  come  to  New  York  and  try  his  fortune  in  litera- 
ture was  the  hope  that  he  could  thus  sooner  maintain 
himself  and  marry  ;  but  with  this  hope  was  a  desire 
to  study,  to  find  himself  in  more  congenial  society, 
and  to  come  closer  to  the  movement  of  men.  Ardently 
as  he  loved  nature,  he  was  at  a  time  of  life  when  his 
vigorous,  stirring  mind  sought  activity  and  the  com- 
panionship of  men  and  women  of  high  thought  and 
aims ;  he  wished  to  plunge  into  swifter  currents,  and 
to  find  room  for  freer  energy.  The  period  which  he 
spent  at  Phoenixville  was  commonplace  enough  so  far 
as  his  external  life  was  concerned,  but  it  was  witness 
to  a  mental  and  spiritual  travail  which  showed  itself 
in  the  varying  moods  of  his  letters  and  diaries,  and 
left  him  with  a  sense  of  new  life  and  power.  Phys- 
ically he  was  conscious  of  abounding  health,  and  he 
felt  the  stirring  within  him  of  an  intellectual  spirit 
which  prophesied  a  larger  expression. 

In  his  novel  "  John  Godfrey's  Fortunes,"  the  hero 
is  made  to  say,  "  I  belong  to  that  small  class  of  men 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  109 

whose  natures  are  not  developed  by  a  steady,  grad- 
ual process  of  growth,  but  advance  by  sudden  and 
seemingly  arbitrary  bounds,  divided  by  intervals  dur- 
ing which  their  faculties  remain  almost  stationary." 
Such  a  statement  does  more  to  identify  an  author  with 
.his  creation  than  any  merely  external  likeness,  and  it 
is  not  to  be  wondered  at  that  John  Godfrey  should  be 
taken  as  a  literary  study  of  Bayard  Taylor,  since  this 
periodic  development  of  nature  was  characteristic  of 
his  own  judgment  of  himself.  At  any  rate,  in  this 
removal  to  New  York  we  are  able  to  see  not  only  an 
outward  change  of  fortune  and  experience,  but  the  be- 
ginning of  a  rapid  maturity  of  intellect.  It  was  very 
much  to  him  that  he  could  note  in  his  diary  at  the  be- 
ginning of  the  year,  "  I  have  laid  the  spirits  which 
tormented  me  in  a  poetical  grave  ;  and  it  is  enough 
to  say,  at  this  chilly  hour,  that  I  am  now  stronger 
and  more  resolute  than  then  [a  year  ago],  sustained 
by  a  firmer  trust  and  encouraged  by  a  more  cheerful 
philosophy."  The  difference  in  his  circumstances  ap- 
pears plainly  enough  in  his  New  Year's  letter  to  his 
betrothed. 

BAYAKD  TAYLOR   TO  MARY  AGNEW. 

New  York,  New  Year's  Day,  1848. 

The  blessings  of  the  opening  year  be  upon  thee,  clearest  Mary ! 
be  with  thee  to-night,  if  my  heart's  wish  can  be  answered !  Al- 
though I  have  passed  the  day  among  friends,  I  have  been 
lonely  in  my  absence  from  thee ;  and  I  have  felt  it  the  more, 
since  every  pleasant  scene  but  made  me  wish  for  thy  presence. 
It  would  have  been  charming  to  thee ;  indeed,  thou  art  not  aware 
how  much  thou  art  losing  —  for  a  while,  only ;  for  it  will  soon,  I 
hope,  be  in  my  power  to  unlock  for  thee  the  door  to  this  social 
world. 

January  2.  I  could  do  little  else  yesterday  than  give  thee  a 
New  Year's  wish,  and  to-night  I  shall  only  have  time  to  say 


110  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

where  I  have  been,  and  what  doing,  as  it  is  past  midnight. 
Willis  invited  me  to  supper  at  his  house,  and  I  went  with  T.  B. 
and  Mary  Read.  We  found  there  Anne  Lynch,  Grace  Green- 
wood, Mrs.  E.  F.  Ellet,  Healy,  the  artist,  and  Joseph  Clarke, 
Grace's  hrother.  Afterwards  came  General  Morris,  Parke  God- 
win and  his  wife,  who  is  Bryant's  daughter,  and  the  veritable 
Sam  Lover.  And  such  a  night  as  we  have  passed  !  —  a  feast  of 
reason  and  flow  of  soul,  so  full  of  songs,  stories,  and  sparkling 
conversation  that  we  have  each  and  all  (I  make  no  doubt)  laid 
by  its  memory  to  be  preserved  among  the  choicest  events  of  our 
lives.  Last  night  I  attended  Anne  Lynch's  conversazione,  and 
met  Grace,  Willis,  Morris,  Read,  Healy,  Griswold,  Mrs.  Ellet, 
Mr.  Gillespie,  and  Kate  and  Mary  Sedgwick.  We  had  a  dance 
and  most  delightful  conversation,  together  with  recitals.  Grace 
repeated  her  "Ariadne,"  Read  his  "Bards,"  and  Kate  Sedgwick 
Miss  Barrett's  "  Bertha  in  the  Lane."  On  Thursday  I  went  to  a 
fancy  ball  in  the  character  of  Goethe's  Faust,  Read  as  a  Tyro- 
lese  minstrel,  and  his  wife  as  Titania.  Mrs.  Anne  S.  Stephens 
was  there  as  Madge  Wildfire,  Lieutenant  May  as  Ivanhoe,  and 
Saroni,  the  composer,  as  an  Italian  cavalier.  But  I  will  be  bet- 
ter able  to  tell  thee  of  all  these  delightful  festivals  when  we 
meet,  in  a  few  days  from  now.  I  shall,  I  hope,  see  thee  on  Fri- 
day night ;  it  is  an  age  till  then.  For  once,  I  am  obliged  to  send 
thee  but  a  short  and  meagre  letter. 

New  York,  January  23,  1848. 
I  write  to  thee  while  the  Sunday  chimes  are  ringing  in  my  ear; 
and  could  my  heart  be  other  than  calm  and  peaceful  and 
blessed  ?  Yes,  peaceful  even  while  the  load  of  absence  lies 
heavily  upon  it,  and  no  one  is  near  to  charm  away  the  weary  sen- 
sation of  loneliness.  Out  upon  all  complaining  !  Why,  what  have 
I,  with  the  warm  blood  of  twenty-three  stirring  in  my  veins, — 
with  strength,  passion,  and  opportunity  for  action,  —  to  do  with 
sighing  and  lamentation  ?  There  will  be  time  enough  for  that 
when  the  warm  feeling  is  chilled,  the  living  thought  palsied,  and 
the  strong  will  unnerved.  Now  is  the  time  to  make  myself  what 
I  am  expected  to  become  ;  and  although  those  who  expect  most 
strive  most  to  hold  me  back  from  the  upward  track,  I  am  deter- 
mined not  to  cheat  my  own  ideal.  Therefore,  forward  !  Act, 
study,  work,  complain  not !  This  is  the  lesson  I  have  been  re- 
peating to  myself  day  by  day,  —  I  will  become  the  sculptor  of 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  Ill 

my  own  mind's  statue.  There  are  times,  it  is  true,  when  the 
heart  must  siuk  ;  when  it  lies  down  by  the  wayside,  sorrowing 
and  overtasked  ;  hut  the  earth  itself  lends  it  vigor,  and  they  are 
deceived  who  deem  that  its  energies  are  at  rest  forever.  I  have 
been  weak  and  cowardly  ;  I  have  shrunk  from  the  rough  en- 
counter with  worldly  natures,  and  longed  for  some  poetic  Elys- 
ium where  I  might  sing  and  dream  ;  but  with  God's  help  I 
shall  hereafter  keep  clear  of  this  morbid  and  unmanly  feeling. 
It  will  require  time  and  resolution  and  the  experience  of  pain 
to  familiarize  myself  with  the  world  as  it  is,  —  to  expect  and 
meet  unmoved  the  thousand  jarrings  which  pride  and  feeling 
have  to  endure.  But  the  tendcrest  frame  may  in  time  slumber 
soundly  on  a  bed  of  rock,  and  I  do  not  despair  of  in  time  steel- 
ing myself  to  "  brunt  the  fight."  Xor  would  I  lament  the  ne- 
cessity of  this  education  of  the  soul.  It  is  the  only  thing  which 
can  develop  the  latent  power  within  me,  the  true  Bayard,  whom 
few  (but  thou  best  of  all)  have  ever  known,  —  the  future  knight, 
as  I  earnestly  trust,  sans  peur  et  sans  reproche,  to  which  I  am  now 
but  an  humble  squire.  Thou  canst  aid  me  in  this,  my  own  Mary, 
and  to  thee  I  look  for  words  of  encouragement  and  of  reproof 
when  I  stray  from  the  stern  purpose.  This  has  been  a  faithful 
confession,  spoken  as  if  to  my  own  guardian  angel  (and  indeed, 
is  it  not  ?),  and  I  pray  thee  record  it  on  the  leaves  of  our  united 
destiny. 

But  enough  of  serious  talk  for  one  letter  !  Thou  wilt  think 
me  a  graceless  Troubadour,  to  write  so  much  of  my  own  sober 
philosophy  instead  of  the  happy  homage  of  the  heart,  in  which 
gallant  knights  acknowledge  their  fealty.  And  abundance  of 
this  could  I  not  render  ?  Is  not  thy  love  an  ever-present  bless- 
ing ?  Were  I  able  to  say  all  which  passes  through  my  heart  in 
this  moment,  I  fear  I  should  weary  thee  with  the  expression  of 
my  grateful  joy  !  But  thou  knowest  well  how  we  can  repeat  for- 
ever our  happiest  emotions,  without  exhausting  their  power. 

"  Wave  after  wave  breaks  on  the  shore, 
But  the  sea  is  deep  as  it  was  before." 

And  when  I  tell  thee  that  the  sea  of  my  soul  throbs  away  in  end- 
less waves  of  love  and  tenderness  to  thee,  need  I  bid  thee  always 
listen  to  its  chime  ?  No  ;  thine  own  spirit,  like  the  pure  sky, 
bends  protectingly  above  it,  and  thou  canst  see  how  it  mirrors 
the  depth  of  thy  affection. 


112  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Have  no  fears  about  my  health,  dear  Mary  ;  I  am  almost  en- 
tirely well,  and  two  or  three  days  of  this  charming  weather  will 
complete  the  cure.  I  hope  thou,  too,  wilt  feel  the  cheering  in- 
fluence of  sunshine  which  reminds  us  of  coming  spring.  Thy 
health  should  claim  thy  care  far  more  than  mine.  I  am  natu- 
rally strong  and  vigorous  ;  and  nothing  but  a  neglect,  which  I 
shall  hereafter  guard  against,  occasioned  my  illness.  I  spent  last 
evening  with  Willis,  and  mentioned  in  the  course  of  conversation 
my  idea  of  the  Swedish  trip.  He  discouraged  it,  and  perhaps 
with  reason  ;  but  I  shall  do  nothing  rashly,  and  there  will  be 
time  enough  to  decide  before  I  shall  be  able  to  go  at  all.  I 
passed  four  or  five  most  delightful  hours  with  him  and  Mrs. 
Willis,  and  can  now  be  myself  to  them,  such  valued  and  familiar 
friends  they  have  become.  They  will  be  thine  also,  erelong. 
We  had  a  very  agreeable  soiree  here  two  or  three  nights  ago,  and 
the  unreserved  social  feeling  which  prevailed  rendered  it  very 
pleasant  to  me.  I  am  growing  better  acquainted  with  my  fellow- 
boarders,  and  they  with  me.  This  makes  it  seem  more  home- 
like. Hoffman,  who  has  been  boarding  here  for  seven  years,  is 
treated  as  one  of  the  family  ;  indeed,  I  find  that  he  has  as  many 
friends  as  any  man  in  New  York,  and  every  one  who  knows  him 
admires  him.  I  esteem  it  very  fortunate  for  me  that  I  am  con- 
nected with  him,  however  slightly. 

With  the  new  life  came  fresh  impulses  to  poetry. 
The  first  of  the  poems  written  in  this  year  appears  to 
be  "  The  Angel  of  the  Soul,"  in  blank  verse,  pub- 
lished in  his  next  collection  of  poems,  but  omitted  in 
later  collections.  It  has  an  interest  from  its  large  ab- 
stract quality,  from  the  brooding  of  the  mind  upon 
elemental  nature,  and  the  effort  to  force  from  the  ele- 
ments an  answer  to  the  questions  which  the  soul  hardly 
formulates,  yet  feels  as  the  instinct  of  its  immortality. 

Silence  hath  conquered  thee,  imperial  Night  ! 
Thou  sitt'st  alone  within  her  void,  cold  halls, 
Thy  solemn  brow  uplifted,  and  thy  soul 
Paining  the  space  with  dumb  and  mighty  thought. 

So  the  poem  begins,  and  the  poet  imagines  his  own 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  113 

soul  going  down  the  untrodden  paths  of  night  to  the 
"  dim  verge  of  being."  There  its  prayer  is  heard,  and 
it  enters  the  winged  multitude  of  spirits,  calling  to  its 
guardian  angel :  — 

White  through  my  cradled  dreams  thy  pinions  waved, 

Lost  Angel  of  the  Soid  !     Thy  presence  led 

The  babe's  faint  gropings  through  the  glimmering  dark 

And  into  Being's  conscious  dawn.     Thy  hand 

Held  mine  in  childhood,  and  thy  beaming  cheek 

Lay  close,  like  some  fond  playmate's,  to  mine  own. 


Thou  hast  been  with  me,  when  the  midnight  dew 
Clung  damp  upon  my  brow,  and  the  broad  fields 
Stretched  far  and  dim  beneath  the  ghostly  moon  ; 
When  the  dark,  awful  woods  were  silent  near, 
And  with  imploring  hands  toward  the  stars 
Clasped  in  mute  yearning,  I  have  questioned  Heaven 
For  the  lost  language  of  the  Book  of  Life. 

Come  back  !  he  cries  to  this  guardian  angel ; 

From  the  founts 
Of  thine  exhaustless  light,  make  clear  the  road 
Through  toil  and  darkness  into  God's  repose. 

It  is  quite  likely  that  the  poet,  when  selecting  from 
his  earlier  poems  those  which  he  wished  to  retain, 
threw  this  one  out  for  its  somewhat  vague,  inarticulate 
breathing,  its  lack  of  definite  form,  and  its  slight  con- 
fusion of  personality  and  image.  The  poem  belongs 
to  a  stage  of  poetic  growth  which  has  had  some  nota- 
ble illustrations.  The  profoundest  poets  have  been 
early  impressed  with  this  weight  of  life,  and  have 
sought  to  change  the  "  too,  too  solid  "  earth  into  va- 
pors, in  the  vain  attempt  after  something  more  final 
and  imperishable  than  the  concrete  world.  The  "  Pau- 
line "  of  Robert  Browning,  most  dramatic  of  poets, 
represents  this  stage,  and  still  more  emphatically  the 


114  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

"  Alastor  "  of  Shelley,  who  so  dominated  Browning's 
mind  when  he  wrote  "  Pauline."  Bayard  Taylor  had 
not,  at  this  time,  read  Shelley,  and  when  he  read 
"  Alastor,"  a  few  months  later,  he  recognized  in  fuller, 
more  elaborate  form  the  phase  of  spiritual  passion 
which  had  been  his  own. 

Had  he  remained  in  a  country  life,  it  is  possible 
that  he  would  have  been  longer  in  receiving  an  im- 
pulse from  the  vital  energy  of  the  world  of  action,  but 
as  "  The  Angel  of  the  Soul  "  was,  in  a  measure,  retro- 
spective, the  midnight  fantasy  of  a  dreaming  poet,  it 
was  followed  almost  immediately  by  a  series  of  poems 
which  are  intimately  connected  with  his  daily  life. 
Mr.  Greeley,  who  had  discouraged  his  coming  to  New 
York,  now  that  he  was  there  offered  him  a  situation 
on  the  "  Tribune,"  and  at  once  he  was  thrown  into  the 
current  of  a  busy  world.  The  office  of  a  daily  news- 
paper was  then,  as  now,  the  meeting-point  of  many 
currents  of  human  life,  and  here,  where  his  duties 
compelled  him  to  take  daily  surveys  of  the  country, 
the  poet  was  brought  into  quickening  contact  with  the 
adventure  and  romance  of  the  West.  He  succeeded 
Mr.  Oliver  Johnson  in  the  miscellaneous  and  literary 
department.  The  humorous  description  of  John  God- 
frey's labor  in  "  condensing  the  miscellaneous  "  gives, 
with  a  touch  of  exaggeration,  a  picture  of  his  first  oc- 
cupation ;  but  with  the  new  stimulus  came  the  Cali- 
fornian  ballads,  spirited  and  swinging  in  metre,  in 
which  there  is  the  eagerness  of  a  young  fellow  who 
has  leapt  into  the  saddle.  There  came,  also,  a  busier 
social  life,  and  a  vividness  of  sensation  which  is  com- 
municated both  to  poetry  and  to  letters.  He  was 
quick  to  avail  himself  of  the  advantages  afforded  by 
the  city  for  study  and  introduction  to  the  domain  of 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  115 

literature  and  art.  Thirty  years  later,  writing  of 
R.  H.  Dana,  Senior,  he  said,  "  In  1848  I  heard  his 
course  of  lectures  on  '  Old  English  Literature '  in  New 
York,  and  was  thereby  led  to  the  study  of  the  Ballads, 
the  Dramatists,  and  Wordsworth." 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

New  York,  January  29,  1848. 

Was  I  not  right  in  my  resolution  ?  I  have  passed  a  happy 
week  in  carrying  it  out.  The  mere  determination  to  face  diffi- 
culties diminishes  their  number,  and  in  the  good-will  with  which 
we  undertake  a  work  is  the  work  half  done.  And  to-day,  to 
crown  the  sum  of  my  good  fortune,  came  Greeley,  and  of  his 
own  unsolicited  accord  offered  me  a  situation  as  assistant  editor, 
with  a  salary  of  $G25  a  year  (.$12  a  week),  and  a  prospect  of 
its  being  soon  raised  to  $800.  This  is  a  glorious  chance.  The 
duties  of  the  place  involve  the  severe  discipline  which  I  need, 
and  it  is  a  certain  stepping-stone  to  something  better.  I  shall  be 
bound  as  to  days,  but  still  considerable  time  will  be  left  each  day 
for  other  studies.  I  cannot  cease  congratulating  myself  on  the 
happy  turn  in  my  crooked  pathway.  I  shall  have  possession  of 
the  seat  formerly  held  by  Oliver  Johnson,  who  has  just  left. 

I  have  just  returned  from  two  hours  at  Anne  Lynch's.  I  found 
there  Kate  and  Mary  Sedgwick,  Darley  the  artist,  Dubourjal, 
ditto,  and  several  highly  intellectual  people.  I  was  enchanted 
with  a  portfolio  of  outline  drawings  by  Darley,  illustrating  "  Mar- 
garet." They  are  to  be  published.  On  the  spur  of  the  moment 
we  formed  a  quadrille,  and  as  Darley  did  n't  know  the  figures, 
and  there  were  only  three  couple,  there  was  no  end  to  the  sport 
we  had.  Anne  Lynch  is  a  perfect  jewel  of  a  woman.  She  is  go- 
ing to  have  a  grand  valentine  party  on  the  coming  14th,  and 
showed  me  a  list  of  the  invited  lions.  Among  them  are  Halleck, 
Bryant,  Willis,  Morris,  Hoffman,  Parke  Godwin,  Lanman,  Tuck- 
erman,  Dr.  Dewey,  Page,  Inman,  Darley,  Healy,  Durand,  Mrs. 
Kirkland,  Grace  Greenwood,  Mrs.  Smith,  Miss  Sedgwick,  Mrs. 
Osgood,  Mrs.  Ellet,  Mrs.  Hewitt,  and  a  host  of  others.  What  a 
constellation  !  Would  that  thou,  too,  wert  here  to  shine  amongst 
them  !  Miss  L.  made  me  promise  to  write  a  number  of  valen- 
tines, and  this  is  the  list  she  allotted  to  me  :  Mrs.  Godwin,  Miss 
Kate  Sedgwick,  Mrs.  Kirkland,  Mrs.  Seba  Smith,  Hoffman,  and 


116  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Willis.  I  shall  be  kept  busy  in  hammering  out  stanzas  up  to  the 
eventful  day,  and  I  intend  dipping  into  some  book  of  metre  for 
a  variety  in  that  line,  at  least.  But  I  must  pause,  for  it  is  the 
cold  midnight,  though  my  heart  is  warm  and  full  of  sunshine,  — 
of  light  that  streams  in  its  fullness  to  thee.  My  good-night  bless- 
ing on  thy  slumbers  now,  dear  Mary  !  .  .  . 

My  heart  has  been  dancing  all  morning  to  its  own  music,  think- 
ing of  my  many  blessings.  Again  I  repeat  the  determination  of 
my  last  letter,  and  depend  on  thee  to  keep  me  strong  in  it. 

By  the  way,  I  must  tell  thee  of  a  wicked  little  scheme  of  mine. 
There  have  been  so  many  remarks  on  my  reference  in  my  poems 
to  love  or  to  the  beloved  one,  that  I  have  concluded  to  puzzle 
these  curious  critics.  I  wrote  last  summer  a  poem  embodying 
the  very  essence  of  despair,  —  of  hopeless,  scorned  love,  of  in- 
tense, fathomless  spiritual  misery.  It  was  written  as  an  experi- 
ment, without  any  particular  object,  —  one  of  those  whims  to 
which  all  poets  are  subjected,  and  which  I  doubt  whether  thou 
canst  entirely  understand.  I  mentioned  this  to  Hoffman,  who 
was  delighted  with  the  idea,  and  promised  to  preface  it  by  a 
few  lines,  which  should  excite  the  greatest  possible  curiosity  with 
regard  to  it.  But  tell  me  in  thy  next  letter  what  is  thy  opinion 
with  regard  to  the  plan.  I  should  like  to  have  it  before  publishing 
the  article.  I  will  commence  in  this  week's  "  Literary  World  " 
the  publication  of  a  series  of  "  Picturesque  Ballads  of  Califor- 
nia," written  as  if  they  were  translated  from  the  Spanish  by  a 
gentleman  of  St.  Louis.  The  first,  called  "  £1  Canelo,"  I  think  will 
please  thee.  We  are  going  to  have  them  noticed  in  other  papers, 
as  they  will  help  greatly  to  bring  the  "  Literary  World  "  into  bet- 
ter circulation.  I  am  delighted  with  the  idea  of  writing  for  once 
behind  the  curtain.  I  shall  hear  unprejudiced  comments  on  the 
ballads,  and  I  shall  myself  be  able  to  write  them  with  far  more 
ease  and  spirit,  by  the  throwing  off  of  my  own  self-consciousness. 
Please  hold  this  secret.  I  will  send  thee  the  ballads  as  they  ap- 
pear. I  send  with  this  letter  a  "  Home  Journal,"  containing  a 
magnificent  story  by  Willis,  and  some  references  to  myself.  I 
would  ask  thee  to  read  Willis's,  particularly.  It  is  wonderful  in 
its  way. 

I  inclose  one  or  two  of  my  rhymed  longings  to  thee,  and  will 
send  the  rest  when  I  next  write.  Two  or  three  have  been  printed. 
Now,  Mary,  dearest,  let  me  soon  hear  from  thee,  for  I  depend 
much  on  thy  encouraging  letters. 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  117 


MARY   AGNEW  TO  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

February  2,  1848. 
.  .  .  For  a  week  past  I  have  been  happy.  I  marveled  at  my 
own  light-heartedness,  but  now  I  know  the  reason.  It  was  be- 
cause thou,  too,  wert  happy,  because  fortune  had  been  kind  to 
~tkee.  But  I  fear  that  thou  wilt  have  too  much  to  do  when  this 
new  duty  is  added  to  the  others,  —  that  thy  mind  will  often  feel 
wearied  and  overtasked.  Would  that  I  could  do  something  to 
assist  thee,  but  I  cannot.  I  can  only  congratulate  thee  on  the 
happy  prospect  that  lies  before  thee,  —  yes,  and  before  me,  too. 
I  see  bright  and  beautiful  visions  gleaming  in  the  future,  and  I 
fervently  thank  God  as  I  press  thy  loved  letters  to  my  heart. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

New  York,  February  6,  1848. 
..."  Blessed  Sabbath  bells  !  "  They  chime  in  ever  with  my 
visions  of  home  and  of  thee.  I  have  taken  the  quiet  Sabbath 
morning  for  my  brief  converse  with  thee,  and  perhaps  at  this  hour 
thou  art  thinking  of  me.  I  feel  as  if  it  were  so.  I  seem  to  see 
thee  looking  out  on  the  bare  trees  and  frozen  earth,  lying  still 
and  bleak  under  the  faint  winter  sunshine,  and  wandering  in 
thought  to  the  busy  city  about  me.  I  know  the  weight  of  ab- 
sence must  at  times  lie  heavy  on  thy  heart.  Thou  hast  not  the 
incessant  round  of  occupation  to  chain  thy  thoughts  from  every- 
thing else  through  four  fifths  of  the  day  which  falls  to  my  lot 
here,  which  at  least  prevents  me  from  dwelling  long  upon  any- 
thing but  the  labor  before  me  ;  for,  as  thou  sayst,  nothing  can 
wholly  banish  for  a  moment  the  thought  of  thee.  This  labor, 
which  I  still  enjoy,  as  it  will  secure  me  the  happiness  of  my  life, 
causes  the  weeks  to  pass  away  quickly,  and  by  keeping  me  active 
and  occupied  prevents  entirely  any  tendency  to  dejection  or  de- 
spondency. We  are  happiest  at  Avork,  and  especially  when  we 
are  working  for  those  we  love.  I  look  forward  to  an  encouraging 
letter  from  thee  very  soon.  Thy  little  note  reached  me  on  Thurs- 
day, just  as  I  was  beginning  to  feel  anxious  about  thee,  —  fearing 
lest  thy  health  should  have  again  failed.  I  expect,  however, 
there  is  another  on  the  way  by  this  time.  If  wishing  could  avail 
anything,  thou  wouldst  have  been  here  last  night.  There  was  a 
solemn  celebration  to  the  memory  of  Mendelssohn,  given  by  all 


118  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

the  musical  societies  and  artists  of  New  York.  It  was  at  Castle 
Garden,  which  was  crowded  with  upwards  of  ten  thousand  peo- 
ple. There  was  an  orchestra  of  one  hundred  instruments,  and  a 
chorus  of  three  hundred  singers.  The  effect  was  almost  incon- 
ceivable. I  was  at  Anne  Lynch's  on  Friday  night.  She  is  get- 
ting ready  an  illustrated  edition  of  her  poems.  Willis  is  not  well, 
but  is  not  seriously  afflicted.  I  have  become  acquainted  with 
the  painter  Frankenstein,  who  showed  me  a  great  many  very 
fine  pictures. 

I  have  no  doubt  that  in  a  few  months,  if  I  should  succeed  in 
picking  up  some  correspondence  with  other  papers,  and  learn  the 
art  of  telegraphing  news  (or,  rather,  preparing  them  for  the  tel- 
egraph), I  shall  make  $25  or  $30  a  week  readily.  This  would 
support  us  at  once,  and  enable  us  to  terminate  the  pains  of  ab- 
sence. .  .  .  Greeley  told  me  yesterday  that  he  would  give  any 
man  who  could  manage  the  news  department  of  the  "  Tribune  " 
as  well  as  he  wished  $1,500  a  year.  If  I  can  attain  this,  my  for- 
tune is  made.  At  any  rate,  even  with  my  present  income,  I  can 
be  free  from  all  debt  by  next  winter,  and  so  well  established  as 
to  be  certain  of  the  future.  So  cheer  up,  and  keep  cheered,  dear 
Mary,  for  I  think  I  have  "  taken  at  the  flood  "  that  tide  in  the 
affairs  of  men  which  Shakespeare  tells  of. 

February  13,  1848, 
I  was  much  grieved  to  hear  of  thy  illness,  the  more  so  as  I 
had  hoped  and  fully  trusted  thy  sufferings  had  reached  their 
measure.  It  is,  indeed,  disheartening  to  me  to  think  of  all  which 
thou  must  endure,  and  I  cannot  avoid  the  impression  that  this 
would  not  be  so  wert  thou  with  me.  At  least,  if  a  cheerful  and 
happy  spirit  is  any  preventive  of  physical  suffering,  I  would 
strive  to  make  thine  always  so.  I  hope  thou  art  well  again  by 
the  time  this  shall  reach  thee.  I  hope  to  be  with  thee  again  the 
end  of  next  week,  and  to  find  thee  better  and  happier  than  ever. 
I  will  then  have  much  to  say  to  thee  ;  many  pleasant  and  cheer- 
ing circumstances  to  relate.  I  have  been  working  pretty  hard 
for  the  past  week,  but  it  is  very  pleasant,  and  I  think  I  shall  suc- 
ceed to  the  satisfaction  of  my  employers.  At  least  I  have  de- 
termined to  aim  at  complete  success,  and  have  all  hope  of  reach- 
ing my  aim.  It  is  an  excellent  post  for  one's  reputation  as  an 
editor  ;  "  a  good  perch  to  fly  from,"  as  Willis  said  last  night. 
Poor  man  !  he  is  very  sick,  having  been  kept  to  his  bed  two 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  119 

weeks  with  rheumatic  pleurisy.  His  eyes  are  swelled  so  as  to 
blind  him,  and  he  cannot  move  without  great  torture.  His  faith- 
ful Nelly,  however,  keeps  him  cheerful  and  hoping.  I  was  at 
Anne  Lynch's  last  night,  and  had  a  delightful  talk  with  Mrs. 
Ripley  (wife  of  the  "  Harbinger  ")  and  niece  of  Dana,  tbe  poet  ; 
the  Sedgwicks  were  there  and  Darley.  Herman  Melville  will 
be  there  to-morrow  night,  and  I  am  obliged  to  write  a  valentine 
for  him. 

I  had  the  misfortune  to  be  deeply  intoxicated  yesterday  —  with 
Tennyson's  new  poem,  "  The  Princess,"  which  I  shall  bring  to 
thee  when  I  return  home.  I  dare  not  keep  it  with  me.  For  the 
future,  for  a  long  time  at  least,  I  dare  not  read  Tennyson.  His 
poetry  would  be  the  death  of  mine,  and,  indeed,  a  pervadence  of 
his  spirit  would  ruin  me  for  the  great  purposes  of  life.  His  in- 
tense perception  of  beauty  haunts  me  for  days,  and  I  cannot 
drive  it  from  me. 

Thou  wilt  see  the  Californian  ballad  in  the  next  "  Tribune." 
I  have  another  to  write  to-day,  or  to-night.  My  hands  are  full ; 
my  mind  is  kept  constantly  employed.  This  is  as  it  should  be, 
and  I  feel  that  I  am  beginning  to  learn  something.  I  seem  to 
have  turned  over  a  new  leaf  of  life,  and  I  shall  write  a  better 
story  upon  it  than  the  blotted  pages  I  have  left  behind.  I  have 
been  misled  in  some  respects  by  false  reasoning  ;  a  little  rough 
experience  has  cured  me.  Do  thou  too  be  firm  of  heart,  and 
shrink  not  from  the  great  world  ;  but  rather  take  thy  destined 
place  in  it  with  the  consciousness  that  it  belongs  to  thee  by  right. 

My  pen  will  run  into  this  strain,  do  what  I  may  to  stop  it. 
But  when  I  shall  substitute  voices  for  letters,  and  fond  glances 
for  written  vows,  thou  wilt  be  at  liberty  to  put  an  end  to  all  such 
metaphysical  converse.  As  Tennyson  says  in  "  The  Princess," 
we  will  then  be 

"A  two-celled  heart,  beating  with  one  full  stroke 
Life." 

Thou  wilt  hear  from  me  again  before  I  come,  and  write  to  me 
soon,  for  1  am  anxious  to  hear  from  thee. 

New  York,  February  23,  1848. 

I  am  a  sad  truant  this  week  about  writing,  but  rather  a  truant 

through  necessity  than  choice.     My  time  has  been  more  than 

usually  engaged,  and  as  Sunday  was  my  working  day  I  have 

been  delayed  until  now.     However,  it  is  still  not  too  late  to  re- 


\/~ 


120  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ceive  an  answer  to  this  before  I  can  expect  to  see  thee.  I  am 
coming  home  the  last  of  next  week,  certainly  in  about  nine  or 
ten  days  from  now.  I  hope  to  find  thee  quite  well  by  that  time." 
How  quickly  the  winter  has  slipped  away  !  It  will  be  spring 
next  week,  in  name  if  not  in  weather.  We  have  had  nothing 
but  Italian  days  for  the  last  month.  .  .  .  Well,  the  grand  valen- 
tine party  came  off  at  last,  and  a  very  pleasant  one  it  was. 
Nearly  all  the  author-tribe  were  there,  but  several  other  lions  of 
a  different  class,  among  whom  were  Rossiter,  Cushman,  Darley, 
and  Dubourjal,  artists  ;  General  Games  and  Captain  Reid,  of  the 
army,  Biscaccianti,  and  others.  I  became  acquainted  with  Her- 
man Melville's  sister  and  with  Mrs.  Mary  E.  Hewitt,  the  poet- 
ess, —  a  lovely  woman.  It  fell  to  my  lot  to  read  a  part  of  the 
valentines.  I  received  four  :  one  from  Grace,  one  from  Mrs. 
Osgood,  and  two  from  unknowns.  By  the  bye,  I  have  had  quite 
a  valentine  quarrel.  Mrs.  Osgood's  was  directed  "  to  the  Bay- 
ard-dear," and  not  suspecting  in  the  least  that  she  was  the  au- 
thor I  showed  it  to  her,  telling  her  to  observe  the  horrid  pun ! 
I  was  punished  for  it  next  day,  in  the  shape  of  a  scolding  valen- 
tine, through  which  I  discovered  the  author.  I  instantly  wrote 
a  poetic  apology,  which  called  back  a  most  charming  answer  and 
restored  me  to  her  good  graces.  Last  Saturday  I  was  again  at 
A.  C.  L.'s,  and  met  with  Dr.  Nichol,  the  astronomer,  and  Head- 
ley.  .  .  .  Last  night  I  spent  an  hour  or  two  at  Embury's,  in 
Brooklyn,  a  most  delightful  place,  and  somewhat  exclusive. 
Mrs.  Embury  is  an  uncommon  woman,  and  has  more  of  the  true 
poetic  element  in  her  nature  than  many  who  have  won  higher 
names.  Thou  hast  probably  seen  ere  this  the  Californian  ballad 
in  the  "  Tribune  ; "  I  have  another  written,  called  the  "  The  Fight 
of  Paso  del  Mar,"  full  of  blood  and  fury.  .  .  . 

MARY  AGNEW  TO  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

March  6,  1848. 
...  I  want  to  tell  thee  not  to  be  anxious  about  my  health.  I 
have  been  so  sorry  that  I  told  thee  my  fears  on  Saturday,  but  I 
was  concerned  and  worried,  and  felt  depressed  ;  and  was  it  not 
natural  that  I  should  impart  it  to  thee,  who  art  ever  ready  to  re- 
ceive and  cherish  my  every  hope  and  fear  ?  I  have  for  so  long 
prayed  to  be  well  and  strong,  and  this  continued  pain  and  weak- 
ness will  weigh  heavily  upon  my  spirits  at  times.  Yet  I  hope  and 
think  I  will  in  a  short  time  be  well.    I  have  had  a  long  talk  with 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  121 

"  Doctor,"  and  he  says  I  will,  so  thou  seest  thy  fears  were  not 
well-founded;  we  often  suffer,  both  mentally  and  physically,  from 
ignorance,  and  such  has  been  my  case.  It  is  indeed  gratifying 
and  joyous  to  know  that  I  shall  be  healthy.  Then  let  me  wait 
patiently  and  hopef idly  till  "  Time,  the  great  revealer  of  all 
things,"  brings  about  this  happy  change.  I  depend  much  on  the 
genial  influence  of  the  opening  spring,  and  on  thy  words  of  en- 
couragement and  hope.  I  have  felt  so  much  better  since  I  have 
seen  thee  looking  so  bright,  so  beautiful,  and  happy.  I  would 
fain  have  had  a  longer  time  with  thee,  for  thoughts  and  feelings 
crowd  upon  my  heart  for  utterance  ;  but  I  do  not  complain,  for 
the  few  hours  that  I  did  spend  with  thee  float  gorgeously  before 
me  now  through  the  light  of  the  golden  clouds  of  happiness.  Here, 
beside  my  paper,  lies  the  beautiful  Uttle  flower  thee  brought  me, 
as  sweet  and  almost  as  fresh  as  when  it  came.  The  fragrance  that 
it  sends  forth  reminds  me  so  vividly  of  thee,  and  oh,  how  dearly 
do  I  chsrish  it !  Long,  long  will  I  keep  it  after  its  leaves  are 
dried  and  withered,  for  it  is  a  gift  from  thee.  Thou  knowest  I 
spoke  of  "  teaching."  I  have  given  up  all  thought  of  it,  and  have 
my  mind  centred  on  studying,  which  is  much  more  to  my  taste, 
and  will  combine  the  same  object,  —  that  of  being  occupied.  Thou 
hast  kindly  offered  to  bring  me  a  German  grammar,  for  which  I 
cannot  express  my  thanks,  and,  with  thy  assistance,  perhaps  I  will 
be  able  to  make  some  progress.  .  .  . 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO  MARY  AGNEW. 

New  York,  March  12,  1848. 

I  know  not  how  I  may  be  qualified  in  mood  of  mind  and  feel- 
ing to  write  to  thee  now,  for  I  have  just  laid  aside  a  poem  of 
deep  philosophical  character,  and  am  still  surrounded  and  per- 
vaded with  the  thought,  which  it  was  necessary  to  create  in  much 
intensity  in  order  to  be  equal  to  the  subject.  But  this  is  my  most 
leisure  day,  and  as  a  week  has  elapsed  since  we  parted  I  cannot 
delay  longer  in  writing,  and  therefore  receiving  something  from 
thee  in  return  ;  trusting  that  any  occasional  obscurity,  from  the 
impossibility  to  divest  myself  at  once  of  the  poem,  will  be  par- 
doned. I  am  in  very  good  spirits,  poetically,  physically,  and 
mentally. 

And  for  the  reasons  thereof,  in  addition  to  what  thou  knowest 
already,  which  would  tend  to  make  me  cheerful  and  happy,  let 
me  mention  f urther  cause  for  rejoicing.     Within  the  week,  since 


122  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

my  return,  I  have  received  four  additional  situations  !  Mrs. 
Kirkland  is  very  anxious  for  me  to  edit  the  "  Union  Magazine  " 
while  she  is  in  Europe,  and  the  "  Christian  Inquirer,"  a  Unitarian 
paper.  Graham  has  engaged  me  to  write  some  reviews  for  him 
now  and  then.  And  to-day  a  letter  came  from  Harry  Peterson, 
asking  me  to  be  the  New  York  correspondent  of  the  "  Post "  ! 
Think  of  that  !  Was  I  not  right  in  following  the  impulse  which 
brought  me  here  ?  I  have  accepted  the  offer  of  the  "  Union 
Magazine,"  as  well  as  Graham's  and  Harry  Peterson's,  and  only 
hesitate  in  reference  to  the  "Christian  Inquirer,"  for  fear  I 
shall  not  have  time  to  attend  to  it  ;  but  as  there  is  not  much 
labor  necessary,  I  think  I  shall  accept  it.  So,  thou  seest,  not 
only  fame  is  coming  in,  but  money.  As  Mrs.  Kirkland  will  be 
absent  only  six  or  seven  months,  I  can  easily  endure  the  addi- 
tional labor  for  that  length  of  time  —  and  the  experience  it  will 
afford  me  will  be  of  great  value.  By  devoting  a  little  more 
time  to  amusements,  now  and  then,  I  can  readily  support  the 
necessary  activity  of  mind.  The  only  disadvantage  is,  I  shall  be 
tied  more  strictly  to  New  York  than  now,  but  still  I  shall  en- 
deavor to  give  a  day  to  Kennett  often  through  the  summer  ; 
and  I  know  thou  wouldst  rather  have  short  visits  from  me,  and 
the  prospect  of  my  being  soon  honorably  and  firmly  established 
in  the  world,  than  longer  ones  and  less  success.  I  hope  now  to 
be  soon  in  a  fair  way  to  earn  an  income  sufficient  for  our  needs, 
and  furnishing  somewhat  beside  for  the  "latter  days."  Again 
I  ask,  "  Was  I  not  right  in  coming  here  ?  " 

For  once,  I  have  written  thee  a  business  letter.  But  thy  re- 
venge is  easy  :  write  me  one  in  answer.  And  if  thou  art  not 
familiar  with  stocks  and  dividends,  fill  it  with  accounts  of  bar- 
gaining for  groceries  or  the  diplomacy  of  dry-goods.  Thou 
mayst  rejoice  at  this  evidence  of  my  capability  for  encountering 
the  realities  of  life,  for  poetry  alone  is  a  weak  staff  to  lean 
on.  We  will  keep  it  for  the  sanctuary  of  our  own  hearts,  the 
quiet  fireside  of  the  feelings,  and  to  the  cold  and  calculating 
herd  appear  cold  and  calculating,  too.  But  if  I  follow  the  run 
of  my  thoughts,  they  will  certainly  beguile  me  back  into  poetry. 
So  I  must  hunt  up  a  few  more  facts. 

Willis  is  worse  again.  I  was  there  yesterday.  Afterwards, 
took  tea  with  Mrs.  Kirkland,  and  had  a  delightful  chat  ;  then 
went  to  the  house  of  Murdoch,  the  tragedian,  and  heard  him 
read  a  new  tragedy  to  a  company  of  literary  gentlemen.    Captain 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  123 

Morgan,  of  our  good  old  ship  Victoria,  called  on  me  yesterday, 
and  we  had  a  real  jolly  talk.  I  was  delighted  to  see  him  again. 
He  told  me  he  had  read  "  Views,"  in  the  house  of  the  painter 
Leslie,  at  London. 

I  have  seen  Henry  Clay,  and  wept  (nearly)  on  seeing  the 
magnificent  funeral  pageant  of  Adams.  It  was  wonderful. 
Didst  thou  ever  look  on  two  hundred  thousand  people  at  once  ? 

I  have  been  writing  as  fast  as  my  fingers  can  fly,  this  (Mon- 
day, now)  morning,  and  must  conclude  with  the  expression  of 
my  most  fervent  and  faithful  love. 

New  York,  April  5,  1848. 
It  is  several  days  since  I  have  had  leisure  for  an  uninterrupted 
half-hour's  talk  with  thee,  and  I  am  not  sure  that  I  shall  be 
allowed  to  say  a  great  deal  this  morning.  But  even  a  few  words 
seem  like  a  relief  and  refreshment  to  me,  after  delving  so  long 
among  wagon-loads  of  newspapers,  and  simmering  the  few 
thoughts  I  have  in  my  pate  over  the  slow  fire  which  the  publish- 
ers kindle  for  authors.  But  they  are  by  no  means  exhausted  ; 
indeed,  they  grow  constantly,  and  I  am  on  the  slow,  though  sure, 
progress  to  better  and  stronger  habits  of  thinking.  I  rejoice 
that  thou  art  so  cheerful  and  confident  and  bold  of  spirit.  I 
find  that  there  is  nothing  but  courage  and  self-denial  will  accom- 
plish much  in  the  world  ;  and  this  tossing  about,  during  early 
life,  but  wins  us  the  greater  reward  hereafter.  That  lofty,  calm 
philosophy  and  heroic  dignity  of  character  which  we  admire  so 
much  in  those  who  have  passed  the  troubled  morning  was  never 
attained  without  severe  experience.  I  comfort  myself  with  this 
reflection,  whenever  comfort  is  needed,  which  is  not  often,  in  my 
present  situation.  I  am  succeeding  very  well,  and  will  probably 
soon  have  the  entire  charge  of  the  assistant  editorship.  I  am 
fast  becoming  hardened  to  the  work,  though  at  present  laboring 
under  a  severe  cold,  which  is  not  very  pleasant.  But  as  I  caught 
it  in  the  service  of  liberty  and  France,  I  am  content  to  bear  it. 
We  had  one  of  the  most  sublime  meetings  I  ever  beheld,  on 
Monday.  One  hundred  thousand  people  —  French,  Italians, 
Swiss,  Poles,  Irish,  Scotch,  Spanish  —  all  united  in  one  grand  na- 
tional congress,  as  it  were,  to  rejoice  over  the  freedom  of  France. 
I  was  on  the  stand  with  the  French  and  Italian  speakers.  The 
banners  of  all  nations  hung  above  us,  and  were  waved  to  the 
grand  chorus  of  the  Marseillaise,  sung  by  thousands  1     Our  own 


124  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

banner  was  over  my  head,  and  sometimes,  when  the  wind  blew, 
I  was  wrapped  in  its  folds.  I  clasped  them  in  my  arms,  and 
thrilled  with  patriotic  excitement  to  think  that  under  their  pro- 
tection alone,  on  the  wide  earth,  could  such  a  scene  have  been 
presented.  I  never  beheld  such  enthusiasm  as  was  manifested 
on  the  occasion. 

The  papers  have  come  from  the  post-office,  and  I  must  to 
work.  I  shall  see  thee  in  about  four  weeks.  Read  and  his 
wife  and  Grace  Greenwood  (most  probably)  will  accompany  me 
to  Kennett,  to  spend  four  or  five  days.  We  will  have  a  glorious 
romping  time  of  it.  It  will  be  the  bright  May  season,  and  thou 
wilt  be  quite  well  then.  Pray  write  soon.  Thy  letters  are  very 
cheering  to  me. 

MARY  AGNEW   TO  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

May  28,  1848. 
.  .  .  For  a  few  days  past  I  have  been  delighted,  reading 
"  Consuelo."  I  forget  whether  thou  hast  read  it  or  not.  If  not, 
there  is  yet  a  great  pleasure  for  thee  in  the  future.  How  I  have 
wished  that  we  might  read  it  and  drink  in  its  deep  joys  together  ! 
Perhaps  we  can,  some  time.  It  seems  to  me  that  I  have  drunk 
from  a  well  never  touched  before.  The  draught  has  been  very 
sweet  to  me,  almost  intoxicating.  My  head  has  been  filled  with 
her  trials  and  her  purity,  and  I  have  wandered  about,  hardly 
knowing  what  I  did.  There  is  a  deep  vein  of  spirituality  run- 
ning through  it,  like  clear  silver,  that  you  can  plainly  see  and  fol- 
low, leaving  the  dross  behind,  though  there  is  not  much  of  that. 
I  could  talk  a  long  time  about  this  book,  for  it  has  taken  a  deep 
hold,  but  I  forbear,  lest  I  weary  thee.  My  prejudices  of  the 
author  have  flown  away  before  it  like  mist  before  a  morning  sun, 
and  I  feel  how  wrong  it  was  for  me  to  judge  of  genius  merely 
from  the  perusal  of  one  work,  one  of  her  earlier  works,  "  Indi- 
ana ; "  and  it  was  the  first  voice,  as  it  were,  of  a  wronged  and  in- 
jured woman. 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO   MARY  AGNEW. 

New  York,  May  31,  1848. 
I  begin  this  note  in  the  office,  surrounded  by  three  or  four  ed- 
itors, and  half  buried  in  the  last  news  from  Europe.     I  shall 
most  probably,  therefore,  be  obliged  to  break  off  writing  at  the 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  125 

bottom  of  the  first  page.  (No  sooner  said  than  done  ;  here  I 
am  stopped  for  a  quarter  of  an  hour  already.)  (Second  inter- 
ruption of  half  an  hour.)  .  .  . 

I  was  out  some  twenty  miles  at  sea  on  Saturday,  and  was 
enraptured  by  the  bright  sky,  fresh  breeze,  and  dazzling  blue 
of  the  waves.  We  had  music  on  board  the  whole  time,  and  sail- 
ing among  hundreds  of  white  -  sailed  vessels,  outward  bound, 
we  seemed  going  on  a  triumphal  voyage  to  conquer  another 
world.  .  .  . 

I  have  much,  very,  very  much,  to  say,  but,  as  thou  seest, 
am  in  the  hands  of  the  Philistines,  and  cannot.  I  shall  look  for 
another  letter  from  thee  to-morrow.  Would  to  Heaven  I  could 
drop  down  in  Kennett  for  an  hour  or  two  these  delicious  even- 
ings !  I  am  shut  up  in  these  brick  walls,  and,  like  Sterne's  star- 
ling, "  I  can't  get  out."  N'importe :  I  shall  have  my  holiday, 
after  a  while.  I  think  it  would  do  me  good  if  I  could  turn  sav- 
age for  about  two  weeks  every  year.  It  would  keep  all  these  icy 
customs  from  freezing  around  me.  I  have  already  proved  one 
thing  :  that  is  that  I  shall  have  little  difficulty  hereafter  in  mak- 
ing my  way  through  the  world,  and  I  believe  people  will  allow 
me  more  liberty  than  they  generally  give  to  individuals.  How- 
ever, this  is  no  time  to  give  way  to  self -reflections.  Suffice  it  to 
say  that  I  have  every  reason  to  be  happy,  and  am  determined  to 
be  so.  So  I  pray  thee,  don't  have  the  least  trouble  or  concern  on 
my  account.  I  hope  to  get  to  Kennett  towards  the  end  of  June, 
but  only  for  a  day  or  two. 

I  have  prospect  of  another  engagement  soon,  but  not  very 
onerous. 

If  thou  hast  not  already  written,  shall  I  not  hear  from  thee 
Boon  ? 

While  Bayard  Taylor  was  on  a  visit  to  Kennett,  one 
of  the  owners  of  "  Graham's  Magazine  "  went  to  New 
York  to  propose  to  him  to  become  editor  of  the  mag- 
azine, which  was  then,  though  the  fact  was  not  gen- 
erally known,  in  a  somewhat  involved  condition.  Bay- 
ard Taylor  himself  knew  it  only  as  a  prosperous  mag- 
azine, having  as  high  a  position  in  literature  as  any 
in  the  country,  and  he  regarded  the  offer,  therefore, 
as  an  exceptionally  advantageous  one. 


126  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


BAYARD   TAYLOR  TO  MARY  AGNEW. 

New  York,  Friday,  2  p.  m.,  July  21. 

I  hardly  know  what  to  make  of  the  joy  I  felt  last  Monday.  I 
knew  not  why  there  should  be  sunshine  in  ray  veins,  and  the 
very  rapture  of  a  lark  about  my  heart,  when  thou  wert  ill  and 
sad.  The  bright,  sparkling  morning,  the  freedom  of  the  green 
fields  and  greener  woods  to  my  city  eyes  (wall-ejes  ?),  and  the 
exciting  motion  of  my  horse  would  not  account  for  it.  But  it  is 
now  explained.  Just  at  that  time,  one  of  the  owners  of  "  Gra- 
ham's Magazine  "  was  on  his  way  to  New  York,  to  propose  to  me 
to  become  the  permanent  editor  of  that  periodical ;  and  so  anxious 
was  he  about  the  matter  that  he  waited  till  I  came  on.  He  offers 
me  the  situation  at  a  thousand  dollars  a  year,  promise  of  increase 
in  a  year  or  two,  and  perfect  liberty  to  write  for  any  other  period- 
ical. I  will  have  a  fine  office  to  myself,  and  the  work  will  only 
occupy  three  to  four  hours  daily.  I  have  consulted  with  Greeley 
and  Willis,  my  friends  and  Mentors,  who,  although  so  different  in 
their  ideas  of  literary  life,  advise  me  to  go.  I  have  just  about 
concluded  to  accept  it.  If  the  matter  is  favorably  settled,  I  shall 
move  to  Philadelphia  in  about  two  months.  I  shall  be  very  near 
to  thee,  which  will  be  a  great  satisfaction.  To  be  sure,  I  shall 
miss  the  splendid  field  of  New  York  life,  but  I  shall  have  a  com- 
fortable, quiet  home,  and  shall  make  money  moderately  and  se- 
curely. 

I  have  no  time  to  write  more  this  afternoon.  Please  do  not 
mention  the  subject  till  it  is  a  little  more  fully  developed. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  July  31,  1848. 
I  have  arranged  matters  with  Patterson,  and  shall  move  myself 
and  "  traps  "  to  Philadelphia  on  the  1st  of  October  next.  The  ar- 
rangements are  :  the  situation  is  to  be  permanent ;  I  am  to  have 
four  hundred  dollars  for  the  first  six  months,  to  be  followed  by  a 
thousand  dollars  a  year,  and  a  prospective  increase  ;  in  addition 
to  which  I  am  to  contribute  an  article  monthly,  receiving  extra 
pay,  and  with  perfect  liberty  to  write  for  any  other  paper  or  mag- 
azine. This,  with  the  returns  from  my  book,  etc.,  will  secure  me 
at  once  about  fifteen  hundred  dollars  a  year.  ...  I  have  again 
been  applied  to,  to  become  editor  of  a  proposed  illustrated  paper, 
but  such  a  bird  in  hand  is  worth  a  hundred  in  the  bush. 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  127 

Please  don't  say  anything  about  this  yet  awhile.  I  would 
rather  it  should  be  first  mentioned  in  the  magazine,  and  Patter- 
son will  probably  do  so  iu  the  September  number.  I  desired 
him  to  postpone  the  time  of  my  going  till  October,  that  I  might 
finish  my  engagement  with  Mrs.  Kirkland. 

-  A  month  later,  the  business  affairs  of  "  Graham's 
Magazine,"  which  had  been  in  a  snarl,  were  adjusted 
upon  a  basis  which  overthrew  the  proposed  arrange- 
ment, and  Bayard  Taylor  held  only  a  nominal  editor- 
ship, which  did  not  require  him  to  leave  New  York, 
and  meant  only  a  little  more  frequent  contribution. 
The  decision  brought  a  momentaiy  disappointment, 
but  life  in  New  York  had  already  become  dear  to  him, 
and  his  pursuits  were  too  engrossing  to  leave  him  in 
doubt  of  ultimate  success.  His  village  friends  were 
not  so  well  satisfied  at  his  alienation  in  occupation 
and  thought.  In  the  positiveness  with  which  they 
held  their  convictions,  they  very  naturally  felt  a  re- 
sponsibility for  a  young  man  who  had  been  brought 
up  amongst  them,  while  he  did  not  feel  a  correspond- 
ing sense  of  obligation  and  accountability.  They  fol- 
lowed him  with  reproof  and  warning,  for  they  held 
him  recreant  to  the  principles  which  ruled  among  them. 
They  measured  all  life  by  the  standards  of  their  com- 
munity, and  regarded  a  departure  from  these  stand- 
ards as  necessarily  a  departure  from  uprightness.  It 
was  impossible  that  Bayard  Taylor  should  not  feel  this 
keenly  ;  it  was  equally  impossible  that  he  should  be 
governed  by  the  judicial  conscience  of  Ms  neighbors. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

Friday,  August  11, 1848. 
I  was  rejoiced,  enraptured,  with  thy  letter,  and  look  to  the 
future  with  unmingled  hope  and  joy.     I  have  been  very  closely 


128  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

employed  for  the  last  two  weeks  in  getting  out  the  September 
number  of  the  "  Union  Magazine  "  and  the  new  preface  and  chap» 
ter  for  "  Views  Afoot,"  or  I  should  have  written  to  thee  on  Sun« 
day.  I  shall  make  up  for  it,  however,  next  Sunday,  when  I  shalk 
be  less  driven  by  business.  .  .  .  Lowell  has  been  here  a  week  ;  I 
saw  him  for  about  two  hours,  and  liked  him  very  much.  I  met 
with  Washington  Irving  two  days  ago  ;  he  is  a  glorious  old  man, 
full  of  kind,  genial  feelings,  and  most  delightful  in  his  convert 
sation.  How  sball  I  leave  this  mighty  New  York  ?  I  cannot 
think  it  will  be  a  final  departure.  Something  tells  me  that  a 
great  part  of  my  destiny  shall  still  be  worked  out  here.  It  is 
almost  the  only  place  in  this  country  where  the  mind  can  grow 
without  restriction.  Philadelphia  is  merely  an  immense  provin- 
cial town  ;  here  is  the  metropolis  of  a  continent ! 

I  went  last  night  on  a  steamboat  excursion  to  a  grove  at  the 
southern  point  of  Staten  Island.  The  moonlight  on  the  pine 
woods  was  delicious  ;  I  walked  along  through  its  secluded  walks, 
and  wondered  if  the  pure  light  looked  into  thine  eyes  as  it  did 
into  mine. 

Grace  Greenwood  has  been  here  for  a  day,  on  her  way  to  the 
West.  She  sends  much  love  to  all  in  Kennett,  and  particularly 
to  thee,  whom  she  seems  to  regard  very  highly.  She  spent  two 
days  at  Whittier's,  and  brought  me  an  invitation  from  him  to  go 
to  Amesbury.  As  I  think  of  visiting  Boston  for  two  or  three 
days,  about  the  25th,  I  shall  certainly  accept  it. 


New  York,  Friday  night,  August  18,  1848. 

I  have  come  up  to  my  room  an  hour  before  midnight  to-night, 
and  it  is  so  still  and  cool  a  night  that  I  cannot  yet  go  to  rest.  I 
am  in  an  earnest  mood,  —  serious,  perhaps,  but  not  sad.  Walk- 
ing homeward  through  the  cloudy  darkness,  I  have  been  ponder- 
ing over  the  problem  of  Life,  —  wondering  what  unseen  steeps 
are  yet  to  be  climbed,  what  new  and  widening  experiences  to  be 
endured.  I  am  growing  so  much  accustomed  to  consider  earth 
as  only  a  part  —  a  small  part  —  of  my  destiny,  so  ready  to  look 
before  and  after,  and  to  judge  of  thoughts  and  deeds  by  that  more 
sublime  metewand,  that  I  fear  I  sometimes  forget  what  is  due  to 
the  opinions  of  my  fellow-men.  But  let  me  leave  this  at  the  out- 
set, and  think  but  of  our  lives,  in  this  condition  of  being.  .  .  . 

I  should  find  it  difficult  to  explain  to  any  one  but  those  who 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  129 

do  know  me  truly  how  I  am  changed.  In  the  continual  struggle 
after  what  is  good  and  true,  I  have  learned  self-dependence  of 
thought  ;  I  will  not  suffer  any  one  to  control  my  own  free  judg- 
ment, though  a  sympathy  of  feeling  is  always  grateful  beyond 
words.  The  true,  the  exalted,  faculty  of  thought  can  brook  no 
trammels,  and  it  is  now  far  easier  to  me  to  bear  the  remon- 
strances or  even  the  pity  of  those  who  think  I  have  fallen  away 
from  the  good  path  than  to  feel  the  degradation  of  having  been 
unfaithful  to  myself.  I  believe  thou  wilt  at  once  comprehend 
this. 

There  is  a  tyranny  of  public  sentiment  in  Kennett,  which,  hav- 
ing a  moral  guise  and  springing  from  earnest  and  sincere  aims, 
is  very  hard  to  combat  ;  but  it  is  tyrannical.  My  friend  John 
feels  this  now  ;  he  has  learned  it  after  many  years  ;  and  we  both 
feel  the  same  irresistible  spirit  of  independence.  The  glow  and 
energy  of  youth  seem  to  have  come  upon  me  all  at  once.  I  have 
the  strongest  impressions  of  physical  life.  I  could  go  into  battle 
with  an  animal  exultation,  or  dash  on  a  steed  of  the  prairies 
over  some  wilderness,  or  stand  on  the  verge  of  a  crag,  when 
"  storm  and  rain  are  on  the  mountains."  These  desires  are  but 
the  overflow  of  energy,  which  follows  the  growth  of  my  new 
freedom.  I  wrote  to  John,  who  could  understand  me  thoroughly, 
for  I  almost  doubted  myself.  I  am  thankful  now  for  that  bold, 
defying  spirit  ;  I  shall  need  it  in  the  world.  Perhaps  thou  wilt 
comprehend  all  this  ;  at  least,  thou  wilt  know  me  better,  since  I 
have  told  thee.  I  feel  like  a  child,  walking  hand  in  hand  with 
its  little  playmate,  through  the  darkness,  knowing  that  some 
good  power  is  around  it,  though  unseen  ;  and  like  a  child  I  could 
sit  down  with  my  head  upon  my  breast,  and  weep  such  few  in- 
tense tears  as  it  is  given  to  men  to  weep.  I  cannot  take  my 
thought  from  thee  ;  but  the  midnight  is  long  since  past,  and  may 
I  not  carry  thine  image  into  the  land  of  dreams  ?  Good-night ! 
I  know  the  angels  are  near  thee. 

TO   JOHN   B.    PHILLIPS. 

New  York,  September  11,  1848. 

It  is  half  an  hour  past  midnight,  and  I  have  been  working 

since  nine  o'clock  this  morning.     I  wish  I  could  finish  this  letter 

to  night,  for  I  am  now  in  the  mood,  with  silence  all  around  me, 

and  a  pure,  delicious  moon  looking  in  the  open  window.     I  have 

VOL.  i.  9 


i/ 


130  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

much,  very  much,  to  say  to  you,  — much  that  I  can  only  say  to 
you  ;  hut  after  all,  I  don't  see  how  it  is  to  be  done,  till  our  waver- 
ing orbits  shall  run  together.  I  am  just  recovering  from  three 
days'  misanthropy,  —  all  in  the  nerves,  not  a  bit  in  the  heart !  — 
but  I  don't  regret  it,  as  it  has  brought  out  of  me  the  most  glori- 
ous poem  God  ever  put  into  my  brain.  I  need  some  kind  of 
communion,  and  if  I  can't  get  it  from  you  I  must  give  it  to  you. 
Were  you  here,  I  would  say  with  Keats,  whose  spirit  is  now  sit- 
ting at  the  other  side  of  the  table  :  — 

"  Oh,  for  a  draught  of  vintage  that  has  been 

Cooled  a  long  age  in  the  deep-delv6d  earth  !  " 

There  goes  the  last  quarter  to  one  !  Would  to  Heaven  this 
most  luminous,  divine,  and  mysterious  night  might  keep  its  radi- 
ant arch  stationary  in  the  heavens  till  we  could  meet !  I  have 
great  need  of  your  soul's  sympathy.  I  want  you  to  tell  me  what 
1  am  growing  to.  I  am  not  the  same  man  who  came  here  last 
winter.  These  transition  states,  you  know,  are  awfully  disturb- 
ing and  perplexing  ;  and  though  I  feel  in  which  direction  I  am 
shifting,  I  should  like  to  see  whether  the  tide  has  the  same  flow 
to  your  eyes.  I  always  thought  that,  in  the  mam,  you  could  read 
me  pretty  well. 

To-night  I  have  thanked  God  for  one  thing,  and  shall  do  so  all 
nights  henceforth,  —  the  knowledge  that  I  have  not  smothered 
the  poetic  feeling,  not  even  weakened  a  spiritual  nerve,  by  this 
life  of  toil,  this  perpetual  struggle  with  the  Little  and  the  Earthly. 
It  is  purer  and  brighter  than  ever,  and  I  know  that  I  can  keep  it 
so.  Is  it  not  a  divine  joy  ?  For  we  have  to  bear  so  much  pain, 
even  in  the  fairest  worldly  experience,  that  life  would  be  indeed 
black  and  hopeless,  if  this  were  gone.  —  But  there  is  the  stroke 
of  one.     I  am  sleepy  and  weary,  and  so,  good-night !  .  .  . 

I  have  written  quite  a  number  of  poems  lately,  and  desire 
very  much  that  you  should  see  them.  I  will  give  you  the  titles  : 
"  The  Tulip  -  Tree,  a  Summer  Lyric  ; "  "A  Requiem  in  the 
North  ;  "  «  Earth-Life  ; "  "  Steyermark  ; "  "  Songs  of  Light  and 
Shadow  ; "  and  last  and  greatest,  an  "  Ode  to  Shelley."  You 
know  how  full  were  my  last  letters  to  you  of  the  sensation  of 
strong  animal  life.  Though  the  feeling  remains,  it  is  somewhat 
calmer,  but  while  it  lasted,  in  a  sudden  fit  of  disgust  at  people 
who  talk  about  "  soul-life  "  and  the  "  spirit's  mission,"  when  they 
have  not  even  a  soul  that  the  lowest  order  of  an  angel  would  give 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  131 

a  job  to  do,  I  wrote  "  Earth-Life,"  which  I  copy  for  you  in  the 
furious  and  imperfect  state  in  which  it  was  written.  I  have 
not  touched  it  since,  but  no  matter.  If  you  let  it  carry  you  on 
with  a  rush,  as  it  ought  to  do,  you  wdl  not  see  the  gaps  and 
chasms.  .  .  . 

This,  however,  is  the  exalted  and  tbe  heroic  of  earthly  life. 
There  is  nothing  in  it  that  our  cold-blooded  friends  would  not 
allow,  except  the  wine.  I  shall  publish  it  soon,  and  let  them  say 
their  say.  It  is  truth  ;  I  feel  it  in  my  soul ;  and  I  should  be  un- 
worthy the  mantle  of  song  to  murder  my  conceptions  for  any 
one.  No,  by  Heaven  !  I  shall  trust  to  myself  hereafter,  and  say 
what  I  am  impelled  to,  as  it  is  given  me.  But  let  me  write  you 
the  other  ;  you  know  Shelley  and  love  him,  but  scarcely  so  much 
as  I  do.  I  have  read  him  this  summer  for  the  first  time,  and 
found  many  of  my  best  thoughts  forestalled  by  his  utterauce. 
His  "  Alastor,"  in  the  commencement,  is  born  of  the  very  feeling 
which  inspired  my  "  Angel  of  the  Soul,"  but  I  had  never  seen 
it,  when  that  was  written.  Read  this  at  night,  when  your  blood 
is  warm  and  your  soul  locked  up  from  everything  outside,  and 
you  will  think  with  me  that  there  is  an  odor  of  immortality 
about  it. 

The  reference  in  this  letter  to  the  spirit  of  Keats 
and  the  tone  of  the  whole  letter  brino-  one  into  a 
half  revelation  of  one  side  of  Bayard  Taylor's  life  at 
this  time,  which  fortunately  has  been  very  pleasantly 
disclosed  in  some  reminiscences  by  Mr.  Richard  Henry 
Stoddard.  General  literary  life  in  New  York  was  of 
two  sorts :  one  satirized  by  Bayard  Taylor  in  the  Fri- 
day evening  receptions  of  Adeliza  Choate,  in  "John 
Godfrey's  Fortunes  ;  "  the  other  hinted  at  in  his  letters 
when  he  speaks  of  Mrs.  Botta's,  then  Miss  Lynch's 
house,  where  he  was  a  welcome  guest.  It  is  to  her, 
undoubtedly,  that  he  refers  in  "  John  Godfrey's  For- 
tunes," when  he  says  :  — ■ 

"  I  had  been  fortunate  enough  to  obtain  entrance  to 
the  literary  soirees  of  another  lady,  whom  I  will  not 
name,  but  whose  tact,  true  refinement  of  character,  and 


132  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

admirable  culture  drew  around  her  all  that  was  best 
in  letters  and  in  the  arts.  In  her  salons  I  saw  the 
possessors  of  honored  and  illustrious  names ;  I  heard 
books  and  pictures  discussed  with  the  calm  discrimi- 
nation of  intelligent  criticism ;  the  petty  vanities  and 
jealousies  I  had  hitherto  encountered  might  still  exist, 
but  they  had  no  voice  ;  and  I  soon  perceived  the  differ- 
ence between  those  who  aspire  and  those  who  achieve." 

But  beside  these  general  literary  associations,  there 
was  a  more  intimate  one  existing  between  Bayard 
Taylor  and  a  few  others  who,  like  him,  were  giving 
themselves  to  poetry  and  art  with  ardor  and  hopeful- 
ness. Mr.  Stoddard  was  the  chief  of  these,  and  Mr. 
Boker  and  Mr.  Read,  both  living  in  Philadelphia, 
were  welcome  visitors.  The  story  of  this  coterie  is 
best  told  by  Mr.  Stoddard  :  — 

"I  met  Bayard  Taylor  first  in  1848.  We  were 
both  young  men,  for  we  were  born  in  the  same  year, 
1825,  he  in  January  and  I  in  July,  and  we  both  had 
one  thing  in  common,  —  a  love  of  poetry  and  a  belief 
that  we  were  poets.  We  may  have  doubted  some 
things,  but  that  supreme  thing  we  did  not  and  would 
not  doubt.  It  was  a  consolation  to  me  and  a  glory  to 
him.  I  was  familiar  with  his  writings  before  he  could 
have  been  with  mine,  and,  knowing  something  of  his 
history  from  the  newspapers,  I  was  prepared  to  like 
him,  if  we  should  ever  meet.  ...  I  have  before  me 
now  a  vision  of  him  in  his  young  manhood,  —  tall, 
erect,  active-looking,  and  manly,  with  an  aquiline  nose, 
bright,  loving  eyes,  and  the  dark,  ringleted  hair  with 
which  we  endow,  in  ideal,  the  head  of  poets.  There 
was  a  kindness  and  a  courtesy  in  his  greeting  which 
went  straight  to  my  heart,  and  assured  me  that  I  had 
found  a  friend.  .  .  . 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  133 

"  Bayard  Taylor  and  I  met  at  night  generally,  for 
neither  could  call  the  day  his  own ;  he  had  his  work 
to  do  on  the  '  Tribune,'  and  I  had  mine  to  do  in  a  foun- 
dry. Apart  from  politics,  his  was  the  cleaner  of  the 
two,  but  not  the  less  laborious,  I  am  sure.  He  wrote 
fifteen  hours  a  day,  he  told  me,  scribbling  book  notices, 
leaders,  foreign  news,  reports,  —  turning  his  hand  and 
pen  to  everything  that  went  to  the  making  of  a  news- 
paper thirty  years  ago.  There  was  but  one  night  in 
the  week  when  he  could  do  what  he  pleased,  and  that 
was  Saturday  night,  which  we  always  spent  together 
when  he  was  in  town.  I  looked  forward  to  it  as  a 
school-boy  looks  forward  to  a  holiday,  and  was  happy 
when  it  came.  I  have  forgotten  where  his  rooms  were, 
but  as  near  as  I  can  recollect  they  were  in  a  boarding- 
house  on  Murray  Street,  not  far  from  Broadway.  They 
were  sky  parlors,  as  the  saying  is,  for  he  liked  a  good 
outlook ;  and  besides,  they  suited  his  purse,  which  was 
not  plethoric  with  shekels.  In  the  first  of  these  rooms, 
which  was  set  apart  for  his  books,  there  was  a  little 
table,  at  which  he  wrote  late  into  the  night,  resting  his 
soul  with  poetry  after  the  prosaic  labors  of  the  day. 
It  was  poetry  which  had  made  us  friends,  and  we  never 
spent  a  night  together  without  talking  about  it,  and 
without  reading  the  poems  we  had  written  since  our 
last  meeting.  If  the  Muses  had  favored  me,  I  brought 
their  favors  with  me,  and  mouthed  them  out  in  inno- 
cent audacity.  I  thought  well  of  my  attempts,  no 
doubt,  but  never  in  my  wildest  moments  did  I  dream 
of  comparing  myself  with  him.  He  had  an  imagina- 
tion which  surpassed  mine,  a  command  of  the  fervors 
and  splendors  of  language,  and  an  intuitive  knowl- 
edge of  rhetoric  and  of  sonorous  harmonies  of  rhythm. 
I  have  been  looking  over  his  poetical  works,  and  I  find 


134  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

that  there  are  but  few  of  his  early  poems  which  I  did 
not  read,  or  which  he  did  not  read  to  me,  in  manu- 
script. His  mind  was  so  fertile  and  his  execution  so 
rapid  that  he  generally  had  one  or  more  new  poems  to 
show  me  when  we  met.  I  sit  with  him  now  in  thought, 
and  hear  him  read  the  '  Metempsychosis  of  the  Pine,' 
'  Hylas,'  '  Kubleh,'  and  '  Ariel  in  the  Cloven  Pine.' 
The  last  impressed  me  so  deeply  that  I  wrote  a  com- 
panion piece,  in  which  I  tried  to  embody  the  personal- 
ity of  Caliban. 

"  The  conversation  and  the  poetic  practice  of  Bayard 
Taylor  were  the  only  intellectual  stimulant  I  had,  and 
if  I  wrote  better  than  I  had  done  previous  to  making 
his  acquaintance  I  felt  that  it  was  largely  due  to  him. 
There  was  an  enthusiasm  about  him  which  was  conta- 
gious. We  were  a  help  to  each  other,  and  we  were  a 
hindrance,  also,  I  can  see  now,  for  we  admired  too  in- 
discriminately and  criticised  too  tenderly.  My  favorite 
poet  was  Keats,  and  his  was  Shelley,  and  we  pretended 
to  believe  that  the  souls  of  these  poets  had  returned  to 
earth  in  our  bodies.  My  worship  of  my  master  was 
restricted  to  a  silent  imitation  of  his  diction ;  my  com- 
rade's worship  of  his  master  took  the  form  of  an  '  Ode 
to  Shelley,'  which  I  thought,  and  still  think,  the  no- 
blest poem  that  his  immortal  genius  had  inspired.  It 
is  followed  in  the  volume  before  me  by  an  airy  lyric  on 
'  Sicilian  Wine,'  which  was  written  out  of  his  head, 
as  the  children  say ;  for  he  had  no  Sicilian  wine,  nor, 
indeed,  wine  of  any  other  vintage." x 

The  "Ode  to  Shelley,"  though  written  in  1848, 
was  for  some  reason  not  included  in  the  volume  upon 
which  Bayard  Taylor  was  engaged  in  the  fall  of  this 
year.  It  was  while  in  the  midst  of  these  absorbing  oc- 
cupations that  he  took  a  hasty  holiday  in  Boston. 

l   The  Atlantic  Monthly,  February,  1879. 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  135 


BAYARD   TAYLOR    TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

New  York,  October  13,  1848. 

It  is  too  bad  to  send  thee  such  au  apology  for  a  letter,  when  it 
has  been  so  long  since  my  last.  But  I  have  been  like  Noah's 
raven  for  ten  days  past,  —  not  a  resting-place  for  the  sole  of  my 
foot.  Last  week  I  was  driven  and  pressed  by  work  almost  to 
fever-heat,  and  when  on  Saturday  there  was  a  chance  of  escape 
for  a  few  days  I  jumped  at  once  on  board  a  boat,  reached  Bos- 
ton Sunday  morning,  galloped  out  to  Cambridge,  and  spent  the 
evening  with  Lowell  ;  went  on  Monday  to  the  pine  woods  of 
Abington  to  report  Webster's  speech,  and  dispatched  it  to  the 
"  Tribune  ;  "  got  up  early  on  Tuesday  and  galloped  to  Brookline 
to  see  Colonel  Perkins  ;  then  off  in  the  cars  to  Amesbury,  and 
rambled  over  the  Merrimac  hills  with  Whittier ;  then  Wednesday 
morning  to  Lynn,  where  I  stopped  a  while  at  Helen  Irving's  ; 
back  in  the  afternoon  to  Cambridge,  where  I  smoked  a  cigar  with 
Lowell,  and  then  stayed  all  night  at  Longfellow's  ;  Thursday 
morning  to  Boston,  where  I  visited  some  twenty  places  and  peo- 
ple, and  came  away  in  the  afternoon  to  Fall  River  ;  took  the 
steamboat,  saw  Newport  under  a  flood  of  crystal  moonlight, 
walked  the  deck,  looking  over  the  glittering  Sound,  wishing  for 
thee  ;  at  sunrise  looked  into  the  whirlpools  of  Hell  Gate  ;  and  now 
I  am  back  at  my  post,  full  of  health,  spirits,  strength,  happiness, 
and  poetic  inspiration.  I  am  now  ready  for  another  six  months' 
siege,  and  my  heart  is  filled  with  kindly  recollections  of  kind 
friends.  I  half  hoped  I  might  find  a  letter  from  thee  awaiting 
me,  but  I  could  hardly  expect  my  own  remissness  deserving  of 
such  good  fortune.  I  have  a  great  deal  to  say  of  my  trip,  but  find 
it  impossible  to  begin  in  such  short  space  and  with  such  a  short 
allowance  of  time.  I  find  that  I  am  better  known  in  Boston  than 
even  in  New  York,  and  have  more  readers,  if  not  more  friends, 
there.  We  will  go  there  together  after  a  while,  and  thou  shalt 
know  them,  too.  .  .  . 

But  seriously,  my  dear  Mary,  I  am  overflowing  with  happy 
spirits,  and  write  rather  to  "  give  an  account  of  myself  "  than  to 
say  anything  in  particular.  I  shall  make  use  of  the  quiet  Sabbath 
to  talk  with  thee,  not  face  to  face,  but  heart  to  heart.  Write 
soon,  and  believe  me,  wandering  or  fixed,  a  planet  that  moves 
ever  nearer  the  circle  of  thy  love. 


136  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

.  .  .  When  I  was  in  Cambridge  I  spent  a  night  with  Longfel- 
low ;  we  sat  together  talking  till  long  past  midnight,  and  I  found 
him  all,  and  more  than  all,  I  had  looked  for,  —  not  only  a  man  of 
genuine  poetic  mind,  but  of  a  great  and  generous  heart.  We 
understood  each  other  at  once,  and  I  cannot  describe  my  joy  at 
this.  I  know  we  shall  always  be  friends.  Young  Boker,  author 
of  the  tragedy  of  "  Calaynos,"  a  most  remarkable  work,  is  here 
on  a  visit,  and  spent  several  hours  to-night  with  me.  He  is  an- 
other hero,  —  a  most  noble,  glorious  mortal  !  He  is  one  of  our 
band,  and  is,  I  think,  destined  to  high  renown  as  an  author.  He 
is  nearly  my  own  age,  perhaps  a  year  or  two  older,  and  he  has 
lived  through  the  same  sensations,  fought  the  same  fight,  and 
now  stands  up  with  the  same  defiant  spirit.  .   .  . 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

...  I  have  not  written  for  two  reasons  :  first,  for  three  or 
four  weeks  I  was  bound  hand  and  foot  to  work,  and  then  as  soon 
as  I  was  relieved  I  ran  off  to  Boston  and  was  absent  five  or  six 
days,  rambling  along  the  New  England  coast.  ...  I  rode  out  to 
Brookline  to  see  Colonel  Perkins.  The  old  man  was  very  kind 
and  pleasant,  and  remembered  his  letters  perfectly,  which  I 
hardly  expected,  seeing  that  he  must  be  more  than  eighty  years 
old.  .  .  .  Richard  Willis  reached  here  on  Saturday,  after  six 
and  a  half  years'  absence.  We  met  as  we  parted,  with  a  hearty 
German  embrace,  and  I  have  been  delighted  with  the  music  he 
brings  with  him.  Pie  will  probably  make  his  home  in  New  York. 
I  have  made  many  most  delightful  and  valuable  friends  lately  : 
Strakosch,  the  pianist,  and  Herz  ;  Maretzek,  a  Polish  composer  ; 
Boker,  a  new  American  poet,  and  a  number  of  other  true  and 
glorious  spirits.  The  glimpses  I  have  of  them  now  and  then  keep 
me  happy  and  cheerful,  and  able  to  do  a  great  deal  without  diffi- 
culty. The  volume  of  poems  will  be  published  in  three  weeks. 
Putnam  has  got  out  the  ninth  edition  of  "  Views,"  and  it  is  sell- 
ing well.  I  find  that  everybody  in  Boston  has  read  or  is  read- 
ing it. 

The  new  edition  of  "Views  Afoot"  was  prefaced  by 
an  engraving  from  a  portrait  painted  by  T.  B.  Read 
in  the  summer.  The  traveler  is  represented  in  a 
belted  blouse,  with  a  staff  in  his  hand,  while  in  the 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  137 

background  snow  mountains  are  just  visible.  The 
same  picture  was  used  as  a  frontispiece  to  the  volume 
of  poems  published  in  December,  which  bears  the  title, 
"  Rhymes  of  Travel,  Ballads,  and  Poems.  By  Bayard 
Taylor,  author  of  '  Views  Afoot,'  etc.  New  York : 
.George  P.  Putnam,  1848."  The  book  is  inscribed  to 
"  John  B.  Phillips,  of  Bohemia  Manor,  Md.,  in  token  of 
early  friendship  unbroken  and  early  confidence  unbe- 
trayed."  Under  the  subdivisions,  Rhymes  of  Travel, 
Picturesque  Ballads  of  California,  Life-Tones,  Miscel- 
laneous Poems,  are  included  forty-four  poems,  of  which 
twenty-four  were  afterward  retained  by  the  poet  when 
revising  his  collected  poems.  In  his  address  of  "  The 
Author  to  the  Reader,"  he  says :  — 

"This  volume  —  the  first  poetical  venture  to  which 
I  have  intrusted  a  hope  of  success,  for  the  sake  of 
Poetry  alone  —  seems  to  require  a  few  words  of  intro- 
duction. In  collecting  the  effusions  of  four  or  five 
years  for  publication  in  a  form  which  has  the  sem- 
blance of  permanence,  however  much  it  may  lack  the 
necessary  vital  spirit,  I  have  been  aware  of  the  great 
inequality  of  merit  among  the  poems  chosen.  The 
Rhymes  of  Travel,  which  give  expression  to  thoughts 
and  emotions  inspired  by  my  journey  in  Europe,  are 
the  earliest  I  have  thought  proper  to  include.  They 
are  faithful  records  of  my  feelings  at  the  time,  often 
noted  down  hastily  by  the  wayside,  and  aspiring  to  no 
higher  place  than  the  memory  of  some  pilgrim  who 
may,  under  like  circumstances,  look  upon  the  same 
scenes.  An  ivy  leaf  from  the  tower  where  a  hero  of 
old  history  may  have  dwelt,  or  the  simplest  weed 
growing  over  the  dust  that  once  held  a  great  soul,  is 
reverently  kept  for  the  memories  it  inherited  through 
the  chance   fortune   of   the  wind-sown   seed ;    and  I 


138  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

would  fain  hope  that  these  rhymes  may  bear  with 
them  a  like  simple  claim  to  reception,  from  those  who 
have  given  me  their  company  through  the  story  of  my 
wanderings. 

"  In  the  Californian  Ballads  I  have  attempted  to 
give  a  poetical  expression  to  the  rude  but  heroic  physi- 
cal life  of  the  vast  desert  and  mountain  region  stretch- 
ing from  the  Cordilleras  of  New  Mexico  to  the  Pacific. 
This  country,  in  the  sublime  desolation  of  its  sandy 
plains  and  stony  mountains,  streaked  here  and  there 
with  valleys  of  almost  tropical  verdure,  and  the  peculiar 
character  of  its  semi-civilized  people,  seemed  to  afford 
a  field  in  which  the  vigorous  spirit  of  the  old  ballad 
might  be  transplanted,  to  revive  and  flourish  with  a 
new  and  sturdy  growth.  The  favor  with  which  some 
of  these  ballads  have  been  noticed,  on  their  anony- 
mous publication  in  the  '  Literary  World,'  encourages 
me  to  hope  that  I  have  been  partly  successful.  I  am 
conscious,  at  least,  that  they  were  written  with  no  de- 
liberate purpose  to  seek  a  new  field  for  poetic  effort, 
but  from  that  impulse  which  made  their  expression  a 
necessity  and  a  joy." 

It  will  be  seen  that  these  ballads  were  not  conse- 
quent upon  the  California  fever,  but  scarcely  had  the 
volume  appeared  before  the  news  of  the  discovery  of 
gold  came,  and  the  author  of  the  ballads  was  himself 
swept  into  the  current  of  excitement. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY  AGNEW. 

Monday,  2p.  m.,  December  11,  1848. 
The  foreign  news,  the  gold  fever,  my  book,  and  my  city  items 
leave  me  but  a  small  space  to  be  with  thee.  I  hope  to  hear  from 
thee  to-morrow.  I  am  writing  this  at  the  office,  or  I  should  send 
the  letter  I  had  written  to  thee.  Well,  never  mind;  I  shall  send 
it  off  to-morrow.     I  have  just  forwarded  a  dispatch  to ,  ad- 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  139 

vising  him  to  go  to  California  if  he  can.  I  hope  he  will  be  able 
to  go  for  a  year  or  two.  I  feel  strongly  tempted,  but  am  doing 
too  well  here  to  leave.  If  this  were  not  the  case,  I  would  go  at 
once.  The  gold  fever  here  is  worse  than  the  cholera  ;  everybody 
has  it,  even  the  gravest  and  the  wisest.  Rufus  Griswold  is 
going,  Osgood,  the  publisher  of  the  "Union  Magazine,"  and  I 
don't  know  who  else.  I  could  easily  go  if  I  wanted,  but  the 
"  Tribune  "  is  my  California  just  now.  I  console  myself  with 
thinking  that  I  can  go  overland  in  five  or  six  years,  and  write  a 
few  California  ballads  on  the  spot,  and  come  back  with  a  new 
book,  without  having  spent  much  time  or  run  any  risk.  Thou 
wilt  allow  me  this  for  my  forbearance,  wilt  thou  not  ?  At  any 
rate,  I  hold  on  to  the  Norway  plan  :  this  must  be  ;  it  is  a  part  of 
my  destiny. 

But  don't  think  me  much  excited.  I  can't  help  feeling  a  little 
of  the  spirit  which  is  in  our  atmosphere.  These  are  great  times, 
certainly.  The  crusades  were  nothing  in  comparison.  I  am 
very  well,  and  want  to  hear  from  thee  very,  very  much.  Keep 
cheerful  and  happy,  for  then  I  will  be  so. 

JAMES   T.    FIELDS   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Boston,  December  26,  1848. 

Putnam  has  sent  us  x  a  few  copies  of  your  poems,  and  I  can- 
not help  writing  a  hasty  line  to  say  how  grandly  the  ballads 
swell  and  tramp  along,  and  how  fine  the  other  poems  seem  in 
this  dress.  Why,  Bayard,  man,  you  have  done  the  thing  in  get- 
ting out  this  book.  Your  prefatory  remarks  I  like  hugely. 
George  Limt,  to  whom  I  handed  the  open  book  a  few  hours  ago 
in  the  store,  told  me  he  had  read  and  re-read  your  ballads  over 
and  over  again,  and  knew  not  the  hand  that  penned  the  lines. 

You  have  a  capital  reputation  now  in  poetry,  and  must  be 
careful  of  your  muse.  A  good  beginning  is  everything.  I  stand 
at  a  desk  where  I  can  gauge  a  man's  depth  in  the  public  read- 
ing estimation,  and  I  know  no  youngster  who  stands  dearer  than 
J.  B.  T.,  doffing  the  J.  I  am  dreadfully  busy  just  now,  but  look 
for  my  printed  praises  in  some  one  of  our  Boston  papers  before 
the  week  is  out.  I  am  determined  Whipple  shall  do  you  up 
brown,  and  that  you  shall  ride  in  a  showy  coach  made  from  the 

1  Mr.  Fields  was  then  with  the  publishers  and  booksellers,  W.  D.  Tick.- 
nor  and  Company. 


140  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

profits  of  Boston  copies  sold  in  our  digging.  Don't  go  to  Cali- 
fornia, but  stick  to  the  gold  of  old  Pactolus  and.  gather  in  the 
dust. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 

Tribune  Office,  January  8,  1849. 

A  thousand  thanks  and  at  least  fifty  happy  New  Years  for 
your  kind  and  most  welcome  note.  I  am  an  ungrateful  wretch 
not  to  have  answered  it  sooner,  even  by  a  line.  But  you  know 
something  of  the  martyrdom  of  a  daily  paper,  and  will  judge  me 
charitably. 

I  am  delighted  that  you  like  the  book.  I  confess  I  do  feel  a 
little  solicitude  about  its  reception,  for  if  there  is  no  poetry  in  it 
there  is  none  in  me,  nor  ever  will  be. 

It  has  had  several  good  notices  already,  and  I  believe  will  be 
successful  as  far  as  the  reputation  goes  ;  the  sale  is  another 
thing.  I  sent  copies  to  Boston  two  or  three  days  ago,  which  I 
suppose  you  have  received  ere  this,  —  one  to  Longfellow,  whose 
judgment  I  value  highly.  .  .  . 

Drop  me  a  line  whenever  you  can.     I  was  delighted  to  find 
that  the  Californian  Ballads  had  been  so  favored  in  their  incog- 
nito.    /  think  they  are  my  best  inflictions. 
Yours,  till  death  do  us  part, 

Bayard  Taylor,  without  the  J. 

The  beginning  of  1849  found  Bayard  Taylor  in 
high  spirits.  The  ninth  edition  of  "  Views  Afoot " 
had  been  published,  five  hundred  copies  of  his  volume 
of  poems  had  been  sold,  and  with  some  outside  help 
he  had  been  able  to  buy  into  the  "  Tribune,"  thus  lay- 
ing the  foundation  of  his  pecuniary  fortune.  His  re- 
lations with  the  editor  of  that  paper  had  become  very 
friendly,  and  Mr.  Greeley,  always  ready  to  render  his 
associates  their  due,  as  he  expected  honest  recognition 
of  his  own  work,  wrote  at  this  time  from  Washington, 
where  he  was  serving  as  Representative  in  Congress :  — 


LITERARY  LIFE   IN  NEW   YORK.  141 


HORACE   GREELEY   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Washington,  January  13,  1849. 
Friend  Bayard,  —  I  have  hardly  a  miuute  before  the  mail 
starts,  but  I  must  not  defer  to  thank  you  for  your  article  on  Pope 
Pius  IX.  in  the  "  Tribune  "  the  other  day.  (I  presume  it  was 
yours.)  It  was  very  well  done  indeed  ;  I  could  hardly  have 
suited  myself  better.  I  wish  you  would  resolve  henceforth  to 
write  one  such  article  per  week,  and  sign  your  own  initials  or 
some  distinctive  mark  at  the  bottom.  I  want  everybody  con- 
nected with  the  "  Tribune  "  to  become  known  to  the  public  (in 
some  unobtrusive  way)  as  doing  what  he  does,  so  that  in  case  of 
my  death  or  incapacity  it  may  not  be  fancied  that  the  paper  is  to 
die  or  essentially  suffer.  A  presumption  of  that  sort  will  be  al- 
most as  mischievous  as  the  reality.     Write  me  some  time. 

Yours,  Horace  Greeley. 

With  Willis,  Griswold,  L.  G.  Clark,  and  a  large 
party  of  other  invited  guests,  Bayard  Taylor  made  a 
trip  over  the  Erie  Railroad  on  the  first  train  which 
crossed  the  Cascade  Eavine  bridge,  then  a  wonder  in 
railway  engineering.  The  journey  in  the  depth  of 
winter  stirred  his  imagination,  and  while  he  had  no 
wish  to  break  in  upon  the  occupation  by  which  he  was 
nearing  the  goal  of  his  desires,  he  felt  his  blood  leap 
at  the  thought  of  what  might  yet  be  before  him  —  and 
Mary  Agnew,  with  whom  he  always  shared  these  im- 
pulses and  thoughts. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

New  York,  Saturday  night,  February  3,  1849. 
Again  I  must  make  my  pen  a  substitute  for  my  presence,  — 
a  poor  substitute,  but  one  which  gives  temporary  relief  to  me. 
I  intended  to  have  devoted  this  whole  evening  to  writing  various 
undone  tasks,  but  the  temptation  of  a  little  social  intercourse 
after  a  week  of  labor  was  too  enticing,  and  after  six  hours  spent 
at  Willis's,  Anne  Lynch's,  and  with  some  German  musical 
friends,  I  come  back  (after  midnight)   to  talk  a  while  with  thee, 


142  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

and  then  go  to  speak  with  thee  in  dreams.  Thy  letter  came  to- 
day, and  I  need  not  say  how  welcome  it  was.  In  answer  to  all 
our  disappointments,  I  know  no  better  comfort  than  to  remind 
thee  that  six  months  only  of  thy  bond  remain,  and  in  seven  we 
will  doubtless  be  one. 

The  old  enthusiasm  is  coming  back  to  me,  and  the  knowledge 
that  I  do  feel  it  again  is  a  rapture.  For  two  months  I  have  been 
an  actuality,  —  working,  thinking  of  work,  and  planning  work 
for  the  future  ;  now  the  excitement  and  the  glow  have  returned, 
and  I  am  again  in  the  creative  mood.  Canst  thou  comprehend 
this  variable  atmosphere  of  the  poetic  soul,  —  its  changes  from 
heat  to  cold,  from  fog  to  dazzling  sunshine  ?  I  was  reminded 
of  my  own  change  to-day  by  a  friend,  a  foreigner,  who  accused 
me  of  having  been  cold  towards  him,  and  supposed  he  had 
offended  me.  I  know  not  how  I  may  seem  at  times,  but  if  I 
ever  appear  gloomy  or  moody  in  thy  sight,  pray  think  it  is  the 
fault  of  my  poetical  wits,  not  of  my  love.  It  is  late,  and  my 
room  is  cold.     I  must  close,  but  will  finish  this  to-morrow.  .  .  . 

Monday  night. 

...  I  cannot  help  thinking  we  do  wrong  to  be  very  solicitous 
about  the  safety  of  the  absent  beloved.  We  are  led  and  pro- 
tected when  we  know  it  not.  When  I  am  absent  from  thee, 
now  or  in  the  future,  dear  Mary,  take  courage  from  this.  There 
may  be,  at  some  future  date,  necessity  for  such  absence  ;  I  hope 
there  will  not,  but  sometimes  I  feel  an  undefined  shadowing  of 
it.  I  place  my  life  in  God's  hands,  knowing  that  he  will  not 
claim  it  until  it  is  best  so  ;  and  this  saves  me  much  unhappiness. 

Dost  thou  feel  this  passion  for  change,  for  new  and  exciting 
experience,  for  release  from  common  cares  and  common  duties  ? 
Dost  thou  share  with  me  this  intense  and  almost  (at  times) 
heart-breaking  longing  for  the  delicious  twilight  of  Italy,  the 
shadow  of  Oriental  palms,  the  clear  snow-peaks  and  sounding 
forests  of  Norway  ?  It  is  with  me  an  unfailing  source  of  joy 
and  the  wildest  poetic  enthusiasm.  I  am  willing  to  work  here 
in  my  traces,  steadily  and  patiently,  four  years,  if  I  can  but 
spend  the  fifth  in  some  rare  and  glorious  quarter  of  the  world, 
where  I  can  give  myself  up  to  art  and  beauty.  And,  thank 
Heaven,  I  shall  soon  be  able  to  do  this.  With  my  present  situa- 
tion and  prospects,  it  is  no  longer  an  impossibility.  I  am  hard- 
ening my  muscles  for  years  of  labor,  but  it  will  be  done  cheer- 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  143 

fully  and  steadily,  for  its  severest  periods  will  be  gladdened  by 
tby  presence  and  sympathy  ;  and  these  blessed  oases  of  inspira- 
tion and  repose  will  keep  my  soul  perpetually  young  in  its  sensa- 
tion of  joy.  Life  in  all  its  extent  is  a  glory  and  a  majesty.  If  I 
were  free  to  make  my  selfish  choice  of  existence,  I  would  spend 
my  days  in  the  open  air,  —  on  horseback  or  on  the  waters,  or 
climbing  mountains  with  those  I  love.  But  this  is  impossible  ; 
yet  the  fullness  of  life  which  gives  strength  and  glow  to  the 
frame,  buoyancy  and  brightness  to  the  feelings,  and  happiness  to 
every  condition  of  being,  may  be  partly  attained.  I  must  pre- 
serve it,  even  at  the  expense  of  poetry.  The  affections  of  a 
heart  which  pulsates  with  the  breeze  and  the  billows  are  always 
warm  and  generous.  I  would  sooner  die  than  have  this  high 
spirit  stagnate  within  me.  Constant  intellectual  labor  makes  one 
physically  weak,  nervous,  and  morbidly  sensitive;  but  this  is  ea- 
sily remedied,  and  I  do  not  fear  it  so  much  as  that  dull,  gloomy 
apathy  of  mind  which  I  have  noticed  in  so  many  others.  .  .  . 

Monday  night,  March  5,  1849. 
Again  in  my  little  lonely  room,  after  midnight.  It  is  cold,  in 
spite  of  the  mild  airs  of  the  day,  but  I  shall  write  until  my 
fingers  grow  numb.  I  shall  probably  hear  from  thee  to-morrow, 
and  shall  await  with  joy  the  news  of  thy  returning  health  and 
strength.  .  .  .  When  worried  and  perplexed  by  worldly  cares, 
as  I  now  frequently  am,  it  all  passes  away  before  the  rebuking 
calmness  of  the  night  and  the  consoling  influence  of  solitude. 
How  easy  it  is  to  bear  trouble,  when  we  have  a  Fortunate  Isle  of 
our  own  in  the  midst  of  the  waves,  —  an  Eden  of  peace  and 
repose,  sphered  by  an  ocean  of  storms  !  I  have  lately  been 
tempted  to  complain,  but  I  am  now  willing  to  bear  any  burden, 
since  thy  love  and  my  own,  and  the  glorious  passion  of  poetry 
and  love  of  all  tilings  beautiful,  are  in  the  opposite  scale.  .  .  . 

Friday  morning. 
This  is  a  long  time  to  keep  a  letter  which  was  commenced  on 
Monday.  It  will  be  all  the  better,  however,  if  I  can  give  thee 
any  impression  of  my  own  cheerfulness  and  constant  determina- 
tion to  work  out  my  plan  of  the  future.  I  shall  have  some  diffi- 
culty for  a  year  or  two,  and  will  need  all  my  strength  and  energy 
and  ambition,  and  all  thine.  But  I  have  adopted  a  course  of 
exercise  for  the  preservation  of  my  health  and  strength,  and 


144  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

already  feel  the  reflection  of  it  mentally.  Such  a  course  is 
neglected  by  most  persons  here,  and  they  soon  wear  out.  I 
have  resolved  to  take  time  every  day  for  this  exercise,  no  matter 
how  hurried  I  may  be.  For  three  weeks  I  have  kept  up  a  sys- 
tem of  strong  gymnastic  exercise  of  the  arms  and  breast,  morn- 
ing and  night.  Before  going  to  work  I  walk  down  to  the  Bat- 
tery and  breathe  the  sea-air,  and  at  least  three  times  a  week 
indulge  in  the  luxury  of  a  sea-water  bath.  I  can  already  feel  the 
change,  and  I  mean  to  go  on  and  make  myself  as  strong  phys- 
ically as  an  editor  can  be.  What  would  I  not  give  for  six  months 
with  the  Rocky  Mountain  trappers  !  By  the  bye,  I  was  very 
near  going  to  California,  two  weeks  ago,  as  a  special  agent  of 
the  "  Tribune."  But  they  have  now  given  it  up,  at  which,  no 
doubt,  thou  art  well  satisfied.  It  would  only  have  taken  me 
four  months,  and  would  have  been  a  fine  thing  for  me,  mentally 
and  physically.  But  I  can't  say  that  I  am  disappointed  in  not 
going.  Pray  write  me  a  long  letter,  —  as  long,  as  minute,  as 
candid  and  confiding,  as  I  would  write  if  I  had  more  time. 

Tribune  Office,  Sunday  night,  April  15. 

...  If  happiness  is  a  dead  level  of  feeling,  I  don't  want  to 
be  happy.  All  experience  —  even  the  most  terrible  —  ministers 
to  my  need  of  expression.  Next  to  my  craving  for  that  love 
which  thou  hast  satisfied,  and  which  is  the  deepest  and  purest 
passion  of  my  nature,  is  this  need  of  poetic  expression.  It  pos- 
sesses me  like  a  fever,  and  will  not  let  me  rest.  I  care  not  how 
soon  my  life  and  energy  is  wasted,  so  I  but  speak  what  is  within 
me.  Then  lastly,  and  making  up  the  sacred  trio  of  my  life-pas- 
sions, is  the  love  of  the  earth  in  the  wild  worship  of  nature  in 
every  form  and  under  all  circumstances.  Thou  canst  join  me  in 
this,  and  help  my  resolutions  to  ramble  over  the  world  with  me, 
when  we  shall  be  able  to  do  so,  and  so  make  ours  a  charmed  and 
glorious  life.  This  is  not  fanciful,  though  it  sounds  so.  We 
make  our  own  lives,  and  we  can  make  ours  what  we  will.  .  .  . 

I  never  think  of  this  world  as  all,  as  most  people  do.  It 
seems  to  me  but  a  speck  in  the  vast  career  of  being  which  is 
begun  for  us,  and  I  confess  I  feel  almost  an  indifference,  so  far 
as  concerns  myself,  about  the  future.  I  never  think  of  the 
world  as  having  anything  to  do  with  us  and  our  destiny  further 
than  our  dependence  on  society  and  the  duty  we  owe  to  others 
so  long  as  we  stay  among  them.  .  .  . 

I  am  writing  a  poem  called  "  Kubleh." 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.  145 

The  outside  world  came  upon  him  with  considerable 
violence  shortly  after  this,  for  he  was  in  the  midst  of 
the  Macready  riots,  doing  duty  as  reporter  for  the 
"Tribune." 

BAYARD    TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

New  Yokk,  Monday,  May  14,  1.30  p.  m. 

Thou  seest  I  have  postponed  writing  to  the  latest  hour,  so  that 
thou  niayst  have  the  satisfaction  of  knowing  that  the  troubles 
are  all  over.  I  have  seen  them  all  through,  from  beginning  to 
end,  and  written  the  accounts  in  the  "  Tribune."  I  am  very 
glad  to  have  done  all  this,  since  the  thing  must  be.  I  shall  never 
forget  the  terribly  sublime  scenes  of  that  night,  nor  the  strange 
and  romantic  excitement  of  the  military  encampments  for  three 
nights  since.  On  Friday  evening,  when  there  was  another  riot,  I 
was  within  the  lines  of  the  soldiers.  No  one  was  allowed  to 
pass.  Cannon  were  all  around  us,  and  the  rattle  and  gleam  of 
arms  in  the  darkness  had  a  most  singular  and  exciting  effect. 
I  was  very  weary  yesterday,  after  the  excitement  cooled  down, 
but  now  I  am  fresh  and  strong  again.  I  have  not  time  now  to 
give  any  particulars  of  the  scene.  We  can  talk  that  over  when 
I  see  thee,  which  will  be  in  less  than  two  weeks.  .  .  . 

Ever  thine,  alive,  and  to  remain  so. 

TO  JOHN  B.  PHILLIPS. 
Tribune  Office,  Sunday,  midnight,  May  27,  1849. 
Ah,  my  dear,  faithf id  friend,  it  will  not  do  for  us  to  die  before 
we  empty  a  bottle  of  golden  Falernian  together  in  the  shadow  of 
the  Roman  Pantheon  !  For  God's  sake,  let  us  try,  at  some  period 
of  our  lives,  to  cheat  Life  of  some  of  its  toil  and  harsh  exaction, 
and  give  the  stolen  time  to  Youth  and  Poesy  and  Joy  !  We 
were  born  for  something  better  than  we  are,  but  who  knows  or 
believes  it  ?  Let  the  stupid  world  wag  as  it  lists,  and  let  us 
build  up  a  kingdom,  at  whose  entrance  the  true  soul  of  life  will 
stand  warder,  and  where  we  can  take  our  pleasure  undisturbed. 
There  is  such  a  kingdom,  and  I  often  enter  it,  sometimes  in  com- 
pany, as  last  night,  when  a  poet  was  with  me.  The  other  night 
there  were  three  of  us,  —  the  other  two  noble  fellows,  great  poets 
and  true  hearts.  For  three  hours  we  were  alone  :  we  talked 
vol.  i.  10 


146  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

with  Milton,  and  Shelley,  and  the  divine  spirit  of  Keats,  and 
Shakespeare,  our  Father  and  our  Master.  Would  you  had  been 
there  ! 

TO   GEORGE   H.    BOKER. 

Tribune  Office,  May  29,  1849. 

Your  welcomest  letter  came  this  morning,  and  from  the  bot- 
tom of  my  heart  was  I  rejoiced  by  it.  I  can  well  imagine  your 
feeling  of  triumph  at  this  earnest  of  fame.  ...  I  instantly 
hunted  up  the  London  "  Times  "  and  found  "  Calaynos  "  adver- 
tised for  performance, —  second  night.  I  showed  it  to  Griswold, 
who  was  nearly  as  much  surprised  and  delighted  as  myself.  Of 
course  he  will  make  good  mention  of  it  in  his  book.  It  will  sell 
immensely  for  you,  and  especially  just  now,  when  you  are  coming 
out  with  "  Anne  Bullen."  I  shall  not  fail  to  have  a  notice  of  it 
in  to-morrow  morning's  "  Tribune." 

Stoddard  spent  Saturday  night  with  me,  and  we  read  the 
"  Song  of  the  Earth  "  together.  He  was  rapturous  in  his  praises 
as  we  went  along,  swinging  on  your  dactyls,  marching  through 
your  files  of  iambics,  and  sliding  over  your  anapests.  He  has 
the  soul  to  comprehend  the  grandeur  of  the  thing,  and  not  a  drop 
of  that  damnable  spirit  of  depreciation  which  curses  half  our 
authors.  ...  I  pray  you,  as  you  care  for  my  future,  attack  me 
without  mercy  if  you  see  that  I  am  growing  indolent  and  care- 
less. Let  us  all  make  up  our  minds  to  become  sacrifices  (burnt- 
offerings  !)  at  the  altar  of  divinest  Poesy.  .  .  . 

I  have  done  nothing  since  you  left,  but  my  head  is  swarming 
with  plans  of  poems,  novels,  histories,  tragedies,  farces,  sermons, 
etc.,  etc.  Write  to  me  often,  my  dear  friend  and  fellow-martyr  ; 
your  letters  are  real  godsends  when  yourself  is  not  here.  .  .  . 

Enough  of  this.  How  should  I  dare  to  think  of  poetry,  when 
there  is  a  murder  trial,  two  accidents,  and  a  religious  anniversary 
to  put  into  shape  for  the  evening  paper  !  So,  no  more,  my  dear 
fellow,  from  yours  forever,  here  and  elsewhere. 

The  proposed  trip  to  California  in  the  interest  of 
the  "Tribune,"  which  had  been  abandoned,  was  taken 
up  again  as  the  excitement  over  the  rush  thither  in- 
creased, and  with  it  the  difficulty  of  securing  any  trust- 
worthy account  of  the  real  situation  on  the  Pacific. 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW   YORK.         147 

Bayard  Taylor  had  shown  his  capacity  as  a  traveler 
and  reporter,  and  everything*  pointed  to  him  as  the 
most  suitable  person  on  the  "  Tribune  "  staff  for  the 
enterprise.  He  was  divided  between  the  desire  for  an 
actual  sight  of  what  had  already  filled  his  imagination 
and  the  dread  of  postponing  his  marriage ;  but  the  op- 
portunity was  too  good  to  be  lost,  and  he  did  not  long 
hesitate,  especially  as  his  journey  would  be  a  very  di- 
rect contribution  to  his  livelihood. 


BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   AGKEW. 

Tribune  Office,  Sunday  night,  12.30  o'clock. 

.  .  .  What  wouldst  thou  think  of  my  going  to  California  for  a 
month  or  two  ?  There  is  some  talk  of  it  again,  and  it  might  be 
that  I  shall  be  sent  out  by  the  "  Tribune  "  as  a  special  agent  to 
report  the  progress  of  the  mines  and  the  formation  of  the  gov- 
ernment. It  would  be  a  grand  opportunity  for  me,  for  this  won- 
derful phenomenon  is  not  yet  over.  The  great  objection  is  the 
absence  from  thee  (yet  it  would  oidy  cause  one  visit  the  less), 
and  it  would  put  off  our  marriage  a  month  longer.  The  trip 
will  take  from  four  to  five  months.  If  I  go,  I  go  at  once,  yet 
not  till  I  have  seen  thee.  It  will  be  decided  in  a  day  or  two.  If 
I  go,  I  shall  probably  be  a  bearer  of  dispatches  for  government, 
and  shall  have  letters  to  all  the  public  officers  there.  However, 
we  will  wait  the  development  of  things. 

Pray  write  to  me  soon.     I  want  to  hear  from  thee  very  much. 

Tribune  Office,  Wednesday  afternoon,  June  13,  1849. 
I  "take  my  pen  in  hand  "  to  send  thee  another  dispatch  in  re- 
lation to  the  important  matter  under  consideration  here.  I  hope 
my  first  letter  reached  thee  last  night,  so  that  I  may  hear  from 
thee  to-morrow.  I  am  anxious  to  know  how  the  thought  of  this 
expedition  appears  to  thee.  I  am  afraid  thou  wilt  look  upon  it 
as  something  vast,  terrible,  undefined,  full  of  danger,  and  abound- 
ing in  horrors.  Shall  I  confess  to  thee  it  seems  to  me  like  a  com- 
mon episode  of  life,  entirely  without  danger,  and  no  subject  of 
apprehension  in  any  degree  ?  Let  me  tell  thee  the  plan  of  oper- 
ations in  a  few  words,  though  there  are  many  important  consid- 


148  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

erations  connected  with  it  which  I  have  not  time  to  dwell  upon. 

This,  then,  is  the  idea  of  Greeley,  McElrath, ,  and  the  other 

editors,  as  well  as  that  of  myself,  —  if  I  go  :  — 

Leave  immediately  in  the  Falcon,  via  Panama,  and  reach  San 
Francisco  August  1st.  I  would  have  a  free  passage  in  the  steamer 
both  on  the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  sides.  The  provisional  govern- 
ment of  California  meets  August  1st,  and  I  would  report  its  pro- 
ceedings. Having  letters  to  General  Smith,  Colonel  Mason,  and 
all  the  authorities  of  the  Pacific  coast,  I  would  have  every  facil- 
ity for  seeing  and  observing  all  that  is  going  on,  would  visit 
the  mines,  acquaint  myself  with  the  condition  of  the  country, 
people,  etc.,  and  dispatch  the  news  to  the  "  Tribune  "  by  every 
possible  mode  of  conveyance.  Besides,  I  would  establish  agen- 
cies for  the  California  "  Tribune  "  all  over  the  country,  and  lay 
the  basis  for  a  great  circulation  of  our  paper  on  the  Pacific 
coast.  Leaving  San  Francisco  about  the  middle  of  September,  I 
would  reach  here  by  steamer  towards  the  end  of  October,  having 
been  absent  only  five  months,  and  accomplished  a  vast  work. 
Putnam  says  if  I  go  he  will  engage  a  book  in  advance. 

The  main  thing  to  me  is  that  I  see  all  this  not  only  without 
cost,  but  actually  making  money  all  the  time,  and  that  it  is  such 
an  opportunity  (in  a  historical  point  of  view)  as  happens  scarcely 
once  in  a  thousand  years.  This  summer  is  the  grand  crisis,  not 
only  of  the  Californian  epoch,  but  of  our  opportunity  to  build 
a  circulation  for  the  "  Tribune  "  on  the  Pacific.  Another  con- 
sideration is  that  it  would  recruit  my  system  completely,  and 
make  me  able  to  work  with  more  vigor  and  more  inspiration. 

will  leave  again  for  Europe  in  the  fall,  and  then  I  shall 

have  much  more  to  do  than  now.  This  breathing-time  would 
be  a  great  thing  for  me,  physically. 

Thou  seest,  from  this,  how  the  current  of  my  own  thought 
runs.  I  know  that  the  absence  from  thee  will  be  severe  on  both 
sides,  and  I  believe  that  we  have  already  waited  long  enough  for 
the  delayed  happiness  not  to  prolong  the  period,  even  for  a 
month  or  two.  But  it  is  only  once  in  a  life  that  such  a  combina- 
tion of  circumstances  meet,  and  all  the  energy  and  ambition  of 
my  nature  leap  to  seize  them.  If  I  go,  and  successfully  accom- 
plish the  journey,  it  will  advance  me  more,  as  an  editor,  than  five 
years  of  steady  labor  here. 

But  I  need  not  say  more,  and  on  any  other  subject  I  cannot 
talk  till  the  thing  is  settled.     God  is  great  ;  let  us  trust  Him. 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  149 

Pray  don't  say  a  word  of  this  to  any  one  till  I  see  thee,  which 
may  be  on  Saturday  or  Sunday.  At  least,  be  as  cheerful  as  pos- 
sible till  we  meet,  or  till  thou  shalt  hear  from  me  again.  But 
there  is  a  particular  reason  for  not  mentioning  it  to  any  one.  We 
had  a  meeting  on  Monday  of  all  the  editors  and  owners  of  the 
paper.  The  next  time  thou  hast  word  of  me  the  thing  will  be 
settled,  one  way  or  the  other.  There  is  some  glory  in  life,  after 
all,  is  there  not  ?  A  special  fortune  seems  to  attend  me,  or  at 
least  to  make  opportunities  for  me.     Write  soon. 

Tribune  Office,  June  22,  1849,  2  p.  m. 

I  must  write  a  few  hues  this  week,  although  hurried.  Thy 
letter  came  this  morning,  and  was  most  welcome.  It  was  sad, 
though  seemingly  cheerful  ;  but  I  hope  that  renewed  health  and 
the  vital  electricity  of  this  solstitial  heat  wdl  restore  thy  light- 
ness and  happy  buoyancy  of  spirit.  Is  not  this  a  good  prepara- 
tion for  the  tropics  ?  I  shall  not  feel  the  vertical  sun  of  the 
South,  after  such  a  sweltering  atmosphere  as  we  now  have.  I 
thrive  in  it,  and  am  confident  that  summer,  sunshine,  sea  air,  and 
tropical  scenery  will  make  a  new  man  of  me.  Letters  from  Cali- 
fornia speak  highly  of  the  delightful  climate  and  scenery.  There 
are  a  few  scarecrows  from  despairing  diggers,  but  don't  mind 
them.  I  am  going  to  tell  the  truth,  and  I  think  I  shall  have  a 
cheerful  story  to  send  home.  These  late  arrivals  make  the  jour- 
ney very  short  and  familiar  to  me.     May  it  be  so  to  thee  ! 

Pray  be  cheerful,  or  at  least  hopeful.  I  shall  have  every  pro- 
tection, and  shall  protect  myself  as  well.  Be  assured  that  I  shall 
be  neither  rash  nor  thoughtless.  I  shall  neglect  nothing  that  my 
health  or  personal  safety  requires.  This  trip  is  not  my  only  work 
on  earth,  and  I  want  it  to  strengthen  me  for  something  else.  .  .  . 

I  am  well,  and  eager  for  the  ocean.  I  feel  instinctively  that  I 
shall  grow  strong  and  enduring  in  the  sea  air. 

I  wdl  send  thee  the  books  as  soon  as  I  begin  to  pack  up  mine, 
—  to-morrow  or  next  day.  Don't  forget  to  borrow  my  Keats, 
Shakespeare,  etc.  .  .  . 

I  will  write  thee  more  the  next  time.  I  am  cheerful  and  full 
of  confidence.  Many  letters  are  promised  me,  and  as  I  shall  find 
many  acquaintances  there  I  will  be  well  taken  care  of. 


150  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


MARY   AGNEW   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Friday  night,  June  22,  1849. 

Thou  must  be  very  hopeful,  and  cheerful,  and  happy,  or  else 
I  would  not  feel  so.  I  know  not  when  I  have  felt  such  a  quiet 
happiness  as  I  have  for  the  past  two  days.  Why  is  it  ?  I  often 
reproach  myself  with  it,  for  fear  I  am  too  certain,  too  confident, 
of  the  future.  It  does  not  seem  to  me  yet  that  thou  art  going  so 
far,  and  I  do  not  believe  I  will  realize  it  fully  till  thou  comest 
back.  It  seems  to  me  like  a  thing  that  had  been  long  thought 
of,  and  I  can  look  upon  it  as  a  part  of  thy  destiny,  as  it  is.  It 
would  be  wrong  not  to  follow  the  path,  when  it  is  laid  out  so 
plain  before  thee.  The  struggle  was  hard  for  me.  I  thought  at 
first  I  never  could  have  thee  go;  it  seemed  to  me  almost  like 
giving  up  my  life  ;  but  gradually  it  has  been  made  clearer  and 
brighter,  and  I  can  now  look  upon  it  as  calmly  and  with  as  much 
faith  as  I  ought  to.  I  can  take  it  to  me  as  a  part  of  my  life,  and 
as  a  fitting  preparation  for  what  is  yet  to  come  ;  if  I  did  not  try 
to  bear  it  cheerfully,  I  would  not  be  worthy  of  thy  love,  and  it 
would  be  selfishness  in  me  to  ask  thee  to  stay,  when  I  know  it 
will  be  of  so  much  advantage.  God  alone  knows  how  much  I 
suffered  and  how  hard  it  was,  but  He  has  given  me  faith  and 
strength  to  bear  it  ;  and  to  His  charge  I  trust  my  precious  love, 
my  more  than  life,  with  the  certainty  that  everything  will  be  for 
the  best.  Good-night,  dearest,  and  may  happiness  be  ever  with 
thee. 

Sunday  morning.  I  sit  down  early  this  bright  morning  to  fin- 
ish this,  for  fear  some  one  may  come  to  hinder  me  ;  and  it  must 
go  to  the  office  to-day  to  reach  thee  before  thou  goest,  which  I 
hope  it  will.  I  received  thine  last  night,  which  was  so  welcome. 
I  was  afraid  there  would  none  come,  and  I  wanted  to  hear  so 
much  that  for  very  joy  the  tears  came  when  it  was  handed  to 
me.  I  am  sorry  now  that  I  said  anything  about  the  books.  I  am 
afraid  it  will  trouble  thee  to  send  them  ;  if  so,  do  not  do  it,  for  I 
will  endeavor  to  find  enough  to  occupy  me.  If  Johu  B.  goes  on, 
thou  canst  send  them  with  him  without  any  difficulty. 

I  have  just  finished  reading  a  letter  from  California  from  Colo- 
nel Stevenson  ;  it  seems  to  me  like  a  true  account.  The  poor 
miners  must  be  in  a  terrible  condition  ;  even  if  they  gain  gold, 
they  lose  that  that  is  far  above  the  price  of  rubies,  a  pure  heart 


LITERARY  LIFE   IN  NEW  YORK.  151 

and  peace  of  mind.  Oh,  how  anxiously  I  shall  await  the  arrival 
of  thy  letters  !  I  shall  then  know  the  state  of  affairs  there,  for  it 
seems  to  me  now  like  an  awful  place.  It  is  a  beautiful  country, 
no  doubt,  with  a  delightful  climate  and  scenery  ;  but  then  there 
are  so  many  people  there,  of  every  class  and  nation,  with  such 
sordid  motives,  that  it  will  mar  the  beauty. 

-  I  write  this  with  a  throbbing  headache,  and  I  know  it  will  be 
very  unconnected,  but  thou  wdt  make  all  allowances.  I  would 
leave  it  till  I  felt  better,  but  there  is  no  time  for  delaying  ;  what 
I  want  to  say  must  be  said  to-day,  but  I  cannot  say  all.  I  have 
a  thousand  tlungs  I  would  like  to  talk  of  if  I  had  an  opportunity, 
but  that  will  not  be  for  five  months,  five  long,  weary  months, 
and  it  may  be  much  longer.  Sometimes,  when  I  think  of  it,  it 
seems  impossible  for  thee  to  go  so  far,  do  so  much,  and  be  back 
in  so  short  a  time  ;  but  God  grant  that  it  may  be  so.  That  is 
long  enough  for  me  to  live  without  thy  presence.  But  I  wish  not 
to  murmur  ;  it  is  our  destiny,  and  I  must  learn  to  bear  it  ;  it  is 
hard,  but  yet  it  may  be  that  it  is  meant  to  prepare  me,  to  make 
me  fit  and  ready  to  bear  what  I  may  be  called  upon  to  do  in  the 
future.  Be  assured  that  I  will  always  be  hopeful,  and  sometimes 
cheerful ;  we  do  not  live  here  for  nothing.  Thy  life  is  an  active 
one  ;  thou  hast  much  to  do  upon  this  earth,  and  my  sympathies, 
my  hopes,  and  my  love  shall  ever  be  with  thee,  and  may  they  in- 
spire thee  with  fresh  vigor  in  the  time  of  need.  Oftentimes,  dur- 
ing thy  absence,  I  shall  feel  most  wretched,  but  hope  will  not 
forsake  me.  I  shall  think  of  thee  always  as  being  well  and 
strong  and  full  of  life  ;  and  if  thou  art  always  so,  and  come 
back  benefited,  the  sacrifice  of  my  wishes  and  feelings  will  be 
nothing,  for  there  is  a  pleasure  in  suffering  for  those  we  love. 

I  shall  feel  anxious  to  hear  from  thee  during  thy  voyage. 
These  hot  days  I  shall  think  of  the  increased  heat  where  thou  art, 
and  sickness  ;  but  this  may  be  avoided.  Thou  must  write  to  me 
from  every  place  where  the  vessel  stops,  and  tell  me  everything 
concerning  thyself  ;  do  not  let  an  opportunity  pass  without  send- 
ing me  something,  if  it  is  but  a  line. 

Thou  must  tell  me  when  to  write,  and  how  to  direct  my  letter. 
I  shall  expect  to  get  one  from  thee  on  Thursday  ;  that  will  be 
the  day  thou  goest.  My  hopes  and  my  prayers  will  be  with  thee, 
and  may  they  be  realized.  Little  did  I  think,  three  weeks  ago, 
when  thou  wert  here,  that  this  trial  awaited  me  ;  how  little  we 
know  of  the  future,  and  it  is  well,  perbaps,  that  we  are  thus  ig- 


152  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

norant.  It  has  taught  me  a  lesson.  I  felt  so  secure,  so  confident, 
of  the  promises  of  the  future,  and  now  I  see  it  was  wrong  ;  for 
how  uncertain  everything  is  !  Even  if  it  lies  within  our  grasp,  we 
know  not  what  may  come  between  us  and  the  possession  of  it.  I 
have  just  now  looked  over  the  first  part  of  this  letter  ;  it  cer- 
tainly is  much  more  cheerful  than  what  I  have  written  to-day, 
but  as  I  feel  so  must  I  write,  and  unless  I  felt  brighter  I  had 
better  stop.  I  hope  this  will  reach  thee  on  Tuesday  ;  I  shall 
send  it  to  the  office  to-night.  Write  to  me  before  thou  start- 
est,  and  as  often  as  thou  canst  during  thy  absence.  And  now 
good-by,  and  may  God  watch  over  and  protect  thee,  and  may 
thoughts  of  thy  Mary  ever  cheer  thee. 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO  MARY  AGNEW. 

New  York,  June  26, 1849. 

Thy  blessed  letter  came  to-day.  It  gave  me  much  happiness, 
which,  added  to  my  former  hope  and  buoyant  lightness  of  spirit, 
will  carry  me  through  the  work  triumphantly.  I  am  very  well, 
and  in  the  best  spirits.  If  thou  canst  only  feel  always  as  thou 
hast  written  in  thy  letter,  what  a  comfort  it  will  be  to  me  !  That 
is  the  true  feeling,  —  the  true  trust  and  confidence,  such  as  I 
have  felt  from  the  first.     Canst  thou  not  keep  it  ? 

Everything  favors  me.  I  have  excellent  letters  to  California  ; 
indeed,  the  best  possible.  My  outfit  is  nearly  complete,  and  will 
be  most  perfect  in  its  way.  I  have  a  pocket  thermometer,  ba- 
rometer, compass,  and  spyglass  ;  a  good  revolver  (as  a  specula- 
tion, —  I  shall  not  kill  anybody,  thou  mayst  be  sure)  ;  a  suit  of 
fustian,  with  hunter  boots  and  blanket ;  sketch-book  and  journal, 
etc.,  etc. 

The  Falcon,  in  which  I  sail  from  here,  is  a  most  commodious 
and  elegant  steamer,  and  I  have  one  of  the  best  berths.  We 
shall  merely  touch  at  Charleston  bar,  and  I  am  not  certain 
whether  I  can  send  a  letter,  —  don't  look  positively  for  one  ;  at 
Havana  we  shall  be  quarantined,  and  not  permitted  to  go  ashore, 
—  a  most  provoking  arrangement.  We  shall,  however,  go  up  to 
the  city  of  New  Orleans  and  stay  a  day,  so  I  shall  have  a  chance 
to  see  something  of  it.  .  .  .  Thou  mayst  believe  all  I  say  in  my 
published  letters.  The  first  number  of  the  "  Tribune  "  will  come 
to  thee  this  week,  in  thy  father's  name.  I  shall  send  several 
books  to-morrow,  —  not  so  many  as  if  I  had  more  time  to  get 
them.     I  am  much  hurried,  and  write  a  rambling  letter.      My 


LITERARY  LIFE  IN  NEW  YORK.  153 

friends  here,  to  whom  I  have  told  the  secret,  are  delighted.  Wil- 
lis thinks  it  a  glorious  chance.  Trust,  then,  dearest  Mary,  that  it 
has  not  been  given  me  for  nothing.  Thou  canst  scarcely  see,  as 
I  do,  the  great  strength  it  will  give  to  the  creative  faculty  within 
me,  nor  how  it  will  supply  a  lacking  element  in  my  poetical  na- 
ture. 

-  I  shall  feel  at  times  very  painfully  the  severity  of  absence. 
But  I  shall  be  always  occupied,  always  in  the  open  air,  and  al- 
ways among  inspiring  scenery.  I  shall  gain  a  vigor  and  energy 
which  I  now  know  how  to  profit  by.  But  I  must  close.  God 
bless  thee  and  keep  thee  cheerful  and  happy  ! 

New  York,  Wednesday  night  [June  27,  1849]. 

Since  I  cannot,  probably,  write  from  Charleston,  I  send  thee 
another  line,  which  I  hope  will  cheer  thee.  I  met  to-day  with  a 
translation  of  the  rare  and  glorious  "  Frithiof 's  Saga,"  which  I 
have  sent  thee  by  mail.  It  is  a  jewel  of  a  book.  Reading  it,  and 
the  history  of  the  Northern  nations,  thou  wilt  reach  the  very  heart 
of  old  Norse  tradition  and  song.  I  am  much  mistaken  if  thou 
art  not  as  much  charmed  by  it  as  I  was.  It  is  a  book  hard  to 
find,  and  I  only  picked  it  up  accidentally.  I  have  sent  to  Harry 
Peterson,  by  express,  copies  of  Millies'  "  Life  of  Keats,"  Curzon's 
"  Monasteries  of  the  Levant "  (a  beautiful  book),  and  Carlyle's 
Translation  of  Dante.  I  think  thou  wilt  have,  with  these  and 
other  books,  sufficient  reading  for  three  or  four  months.  I  wrote 
to  Harry  to  take  the  books  to  Webb's. 

Everything  works  well.  I  am  light  and  buoyant-hearted,  — 
never  was  more  so.  My  preparations  are  all  made  and  trunk 
packed.  I  have  the  best  letters  possible  to  have,  and  leave  under 
the  best  promises  and  influences.  Pray  fear  nothing  for  me, 
but  leave  everything  to  God,  who  has  given  me  this  path  to 
tread.  .   .   . 

I  am  in  excellent  health,  —  a  little  sleepy  to-night,  but  shall 
be  blithe  enough  in  the  morning.  The  weather  is  delicious,  and 
there  are  now  moonlight  nights.     Think  of  moonlight  in  the  trop- 


ics 


My  time  is  short,  and  I  must  now  close.     Try  and  feel  cheer- 
ful ;  be  as  happy  as  thou  canst. 


CHAPTER  VII. 

ELDOKADO   AND   HYLAS. 
1849-1850. 

The  infinite  bliss  of  Nature 

I  feel  in  every  vein  ; 
The  light  and  the  life  of  Summer 

Blossom  in  heart  and  brain. 

In  the  Meadows. 

The  occasional  allusions  to  Sweden  and  Norway  in 
Bayard  Taylor's  correspondence  at  this  time  are  a  hint 
of  the  two  currents  of  feeling  which  met  in  his  nature. 
He  was  fascinated  by  the  mysterious  north,  and  he  had 
a  tropical  imagination  which  was  constantly  looking 
wistfully  toward  the  summer  climes.  He  was  dream- 
ing of  a  journey  to  Scandinavia  when  the  summons 
came  to  visit  California,  and  it  is  hard  to  say  in  which 
direction  he  would  have  turned  with  the  greater  readi- 
ness. There  are  many  references  to  this  dual  nature 
in  his  records  of  travel.  He  could  not  pass  from  the 
north  to  the  south  without  being  conscious  of  laying 
aside  one  nature  and  taking  on  another  equally  wel- 
come. Thus  when  he  had  entered  Spain  from  France, 
in  one  of  his  later  journeys,  and  at  breakfast  red  mullet 
came  upon  the  table  and  oranges  fresh  from  the  tree, 
*'  straightway,"  he  says,  "  I  took  off  my  northern  na- 
ture as  a  garment,  folded  it  and  packed  it  neatly  away 
in  my  knapsack,  and  took  out,  in  its  stead,  the  light, 
beribboned,  and  bespangled  southern  nature,  which  I 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  155 

had  not  worn  for  eight  or  nine  years."  The  thought 
reappears  in  one  of  his  best  known  poems,  "  The 
Palm  and  the  Pine  :  " — 

For,  as  a  fountain  disappears, 
To  gush  again  in  later  years, 

So  hidden  blood  may  find  the  day, 
When  centuries  have  rolled  away  ; 

And  fresher  lives  betray  at  last 
The  lineage  of  a  far-off  Past. 

That  nature,  mixed  of  sun  and  snow, 
Repeats  its  ancient  ebb  and  flow  : 

The  children  of  the  Palm  and  Pine 
Renew  their  blended  lives  —  in  mine. 

For  the  time  his  northern  nature  was  laid  aside,  and 
he  reveled  in  the  richness  and  splendor  of  a  southern 
world.  Nothing  in  the  letters  which  he  sent  back  to 
the  "  Tribune  "is  so  characteristic  and  so  worth  not- 
ing as  the  delight  which  he  took  in  the  glories  of 
tropical  verdure  and  the  evanescent  wonders  of  sunset 
and  sunrise.  He  was  sent  to  report  on  the  discoveries 
which  every  one  was  in  a  feverish  haste  to  learn  about, 
and  he  made  his  report  promptly  and  faithfully ;  for 
all  that,  he  made  his  readers  stop  whenever  he  came  to 
a  scene  which  stirred  the  poet  in  him. 

"  I  went,"  he  says,  "  by  way  of  the  Isthmus  of 
Panama,  —  the  route  had  just  been  opened,  —  reached 
San  Francisco  in  August,  and  spent  five  months  in 
the  midst  of  the  rough,  half-savage  life  of  a  new  coun- 
try. I  lived  almost  entirely  in  the  open  air,  sleeping 
on  the  ground  witli  my  saddle  for  a  pillow,  and  sharing 
the  hardships  of  the  gold-diggers,  without  taking  part 
in  their  labors.     Returning  through  Mexico,  which  I 


156  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

traversed  diagonally  from  Mazatlan  to  Vera  Cruz,  I 
reached  New  York  in  March,  1850,  and  resumed  my 
duties  as  editor." 

The  duty  of  writing  at  every  opportunity  to  the 
"  Tribune,"  the  irregularity  of  his  life,  and  the  imper- 
fect means  of  forwarding  letters,  necessarily  abridged 
his  correspondence  with  his  friends,  and  his  letters 
during  his  absence  were  for  the  most  part  hurried 
notes,  in  which  he  referred  to  the  "  Tribune  "  letters 
for  details  of  his  adventure.  At  Monterey,  however, 
he  made  a  longer  halt,  and  with  rest  from  travel  the 
old  desires  came  trooping  back. 

TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

Monterey,  Cal.,  September  23,  1849. 

So  far  in  my  absence  and  on  my  adventurous  pilgrimage.  I 
sit  here  alone,  in  the  army  quarters  at  Monterey,  listening  to  the 
roar  of  the  surf  as  it  rolls  in  from  the  Pacific.  It  is  after  sun- 
set, and  heavy  mists  are  creeping  down  from  the  hills,  among  the 
forests  of  pines.  I  am  lonely,  inexpressibly  sad  and  lonely, 
thinking  of  thee  and  the  thousands  of  miles  that  intervene  be- 
tween us  and  the  many  days  to  be  passed  ere  we  meet  again. 
Do  not  think  I  am  unhappy  ;  my  frame  is  glowing  with  health, 
and  in  this  delicious  climate  one  never  thinks  of  disease.  But 
within  the  past  week  I  have  been  more  alone  than  since  leaving 
New  York.  I  have  walked  hither  from  San  Francisco,  without 
a  companion,  and  through  some  of  the  most  glorious  scenery  on 
earth,  beneath  a  sky  surpassing  Italy.  Truly  this  land  should 
be  our  home,  could  we  but  shape  our  fortunes  as  we  would.  How 
often  I  have  thought  of  thee  when  climbing  to  some  peak  whence 
I  could  overlook  leagues  of  wild  and  beautiful  valleys,  that  in  a 
short  time  will  be  more  lovely  places  of  abode  than  even  Val 
d'Arno  or  sunny  Sorrento  !  I  have  transferred  all  my  poetry 
from  Italy  to  this  young  land  of  splendid  promise.  Thank  God 
that  I  was  permitted  to  be  here  at  such  a  crisis,  and  to  blend  my 
labors,  even  in  so  humble  a  way,  with  the  infancy  of  the  fairest 
empire  on  the  earth  ! 

...  I  have  only  commenced  my  travels  through  the  interior, 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  157 

having  been  delayed  in  order  to  make  the  necessary  arrangements 
for  transmitting  letters.  I  shall  leave  here  for  San  Francisco 
in  a  few  days,  and  will  then  start  on  my  journey  to  the  bead  of 
the  Sacramento  Valley.  This  will  take  from  three  to  four  weeks, 
in  which  time  I  shall  be  again  in  San  Francisco.  I  shall  then 
proceed  to  San  Diego  by  land,  and  take  the  steamer  for  my  re- 
turn at  that  port.  Traveling  through  the  country  is  entirely 
safe  ;  indeed,  I  never  before  received  so  much  kindness  from 
entire  strangers.  I  have  already  made  hundreds  of  acquaint- 
ances, and  go  where  I  choose  I  always  am  sure  to  meet  some- 
body I  know  or  that  knows  me.  Thou  rnayst  therefore  be  en- 
tirely assured  of  my  safety.  The  country  is  very  healthy,  except 
along  the  Sacramento,  where  there  has  been  a  good  deal  of  fever 
and  ague.  It  is  now  subsided,  and  the  fall  digging  has  com- 
menced. I  anticipate  no  difficulty  on  that  score.  If  one  takes 
only  ordinary  care  of  bimself  he  need  not  fear. 

I  need  not  relate  to  thee  my  adventures  at  length.  I  have 
written  them  out  for  the  "  Tribune,"  and  thou  wilt  see  them 
there.  They  have  been  varied  and  (to  use  a  painter's  word)  pic- 
turesque. Don't  be  frightened  at  what  I  may  say  of  Indians, 
grizzly  bears,  and  the  like  ;  the  greatest  tiling  to  be  feared  in 
this  country  is  fleas,  and  with  them  I  have  been  sadly  tor- 
mented. For  this  reason  I  prefer  sleeping  under  the  open  sky,  — 
a  luxury  I  never  knew  before,  but  shall  ever  remember  with  de- 
light. It  is  so  delicious  to  fall  asleep  with  the  stars  above  you,  — 
to  feel  their  rays,  the  last  thing  glimmering  in  your  hazy  con- 
sciousness, and  then  shining  on,  brighter  and  purer,  in  your 
dreams  !  How  often,  under  the  sycamores  or  evergreen  oaks, 
with  my  head  on  a  dragoon-saddle  and  a  Mexican  blanket  rolled 
warmly  around  me,  have  I  lain  in  the  silent  wilderness,  and 
thought  of  thee  !  One  night,  which  I  will  tell  thee  of  when  we 
meet,  I  slept,  or  rather  watched,  all  alone  on  the  top  of  a  moun- 
tain, with  vast  plains  glimmering  in  tbe  moonlight  below  me,  and 
the  wolves  howling  far  down  in  the  ravines.  Was  it  not  a  glo- 
rious night  ?  I  cannot  express  to  thee  how  I  have  been  charmed 
with  this  country.  Its  pure,  cloudless  sky  ;  its  spring-like  airs, 
always  filled  with  the  odor  of  balmy  shrubs  and  grasses  ;  its 
vast  plains,  that  stretch  away  like  seas,  with  forest  islands  and 
shores  ;  its  mountain  ranges,  which  the  wild  oats  cover  with 
cloth  of  gold,  and  which  loom  through  the  violet  haze  ;  its  deep- 
cloven  ravines  ;    its  shores  and  sparkling  seas  impress  me  like 


158  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

some  new-created  world.  The  mine  of  poetry  which  it  contains 
is  to  me  richer  than  all  its  gold.  This  is  our  "  land  of  the  olive 
and  vine."  In  future  song  El  Toro  will  take  the  place  of  So- 
racte,  the  sunsets  of  San  Diego  outshine  those  of  Psestum,  and 
the  "  ripe  Falernian  "  be  forgotten  in  the  vintage  of  San  Juan 
and  Santa  Barbara. 

But  I  must  stop  this  rhapsody  ;  there  is  far  more  meaning, 
and  a  more  welcome  chime  to  thee  in  the  simple  words  :  I  think 
of  thee.  Thank  God,  the  half  of  my  absence  is  over,  and  the 
other  half  will  pass  away  more  speedily.  Yet  I  must  still  have 
many  a  lonely  hour  ;  I  think  of  thee  not  so  much  as  absent  as 
a  part  of  my  own  soul  —  of  my  own  nature  —  lost  to  me.  My 
constant  memory  of  thee  is  that  of  a  wedded  sharer  of  my  des- 
tiny, —  a  serene,  holy  memory,  untroubled  by  fear  of  change  in 
aught  that  will  not  bring  thee  nearer.  .  .  . 

I  have  wondered  a  thousand  times  how  thou  hast  passed  the 
summer  ;  whether  the  books  I  sent  reached  thee  ;  how  thou 
wert  pleased  with  "  Frithiof  "  ;  whether  Keats  beguiled  thee 
into  exclaiming,  "  Oh,  for  a  draught  of  vintage  ! "  etc.  But  with 
a  more  painful  thought  I  have  wondered  what  thou  wert  obliged 
to  endure  when  my  departure  startled  the  neighborhood  out  of 
its  propriety.  I  have  not  yet  had  a  word  from  home,  and  shall 
not  for  a  month  to  come.  The  steamer  that  has  just  arrived 
brought  no  mail,  and  the  next  is  not  expected  for  three  weeks 
at  least.  So  I  shall  only  hear  from  thee  twice  during  my  ab- 
sence. This  is  hard,  when  I  have  been  so  long  without  hearing 
from  thee.  But  I  console  myself  with  the  thought  that  I  have 
often  been  thus  long  absent  from  thee,  in  New  York,  and  that  an 
equal  length  of  time  will  bring  me  to  thee  again  ;  so  it  is  like 
missing  one  visit  to  Kennett.  This  letter  will  reach  thee  about 
the  middle  of  November,  and  thou  mayst  then  look  for  rne  in  a 
month.  By  that  time  the  great  load  of  thy  weary  waiting  will 
be  over.  Then  I  shall  be  on  my  way  to  San  Diego,  and  so  home- 
ward. I  only  ask  of  thee  to  keep  a  firm  confidence  in  my  good 
fortune,  to  preserve  a  brave  heart  ;  and  should  they  talk  lightly 
of  me  or  of  our  union,  call  thy  woman's  pride  to  meet  them.  Do 
not  suffer  thyself  to  despond  or  even  doubt.  I  would  rather 
see  thee  proud  and  self-relying,  yet  with  an  humble  dependence 
on  the  Great  Father,  to  whom  we  both  look  for  help  in  time  of 
need.  As  I  write,  I  hear  the  hymn  sung  by  the  scanty  congre- 
gation of  the  town,  at  their  worship  in  this  same  building,  and  I 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  159 

pray  God  to  give  thee  strength  in  the  hour  of  weakness.  With 
all  my  confidence  in  my  destiny,  I  never  forget  to  cast  myself  on 
his  mercy,  and  humble  myself  in  heart,  supplicating  liis  protec- 
tion from  day  to  day. 

I  have  written  to  thee  from  Charleston,  New  Orleans,  Chagres, 
Panama,  Acapulco,  Mazatlan,  San  Francisco,  and  the  Diggings,  — 
eight  times  in  all,  besides  this  letter.  Thou  must  at  least  have 
heard  from  me  every  two  weeks  since  I  left.  I  shall  send  an- 
other letter  after  I  reach  San  Francisco,  which  will  accompany 
this.  The  next  steamer  after  this  will  take  thee  the  last  letters 
I  shall  need  to  send.  Myself  shall  be  the  final  letter, — the 
longest  of  all,  —  somewhat  stouter  and  fuller-cheeked  than  when 

thou  last  saw  me,  and  a  good  deal  browner,  but  I  hope,  as  M 

S woidd  say,  "  not  ill  -  favored."     I  have  the  appetite   of 

three  men,  and  am  sometimes  absolutely  ashamed  of  my  per- 
formances in  that  way. 

And  now,  good-by.  I  feel  assured,  from  my  own  buoyancy 
of  spirit,  that  thou  art  as  well  and  cheerful  as  I  could  hope.  I 
trust  it  is  so  ;  for  this  separation  will  give  us  a  better  claim  on 
all  the  promises  of  our  love. 

TO  GEORGE   H.   BOKEK. 

Monterey,  Cal.,  September  23,  1849. 
If  you  think  of  me  with  any  degree  of  friendly  commiser- 
ation, I  shall  get  a  letter  from  you  by  the  next  mad.  Here  I  am, 
in  the  capital  of  the  Californias,  having  been  three  months  from 
home  (in  which  time  all  that  my  nature  possessed  of  the  poetic 
has  changed  into  the  equine),  and  not  the  first  word  of  news. 
So  long  as  I  am  in  motion,  knocking  around  among  the  gold- 
diggers,  scouring  the  plains  with  vaqueros  and  rancheros,  sleep- 
ing on  the  mountains  with  wolves  and  grizzly  bears,  and  eating 
elk  with  Mexicans  and  Indians,  my  animal  part  is  enough  to  take 
care  of,  and  anything  that  looks  like  refined  civilization  is  an 
abomination.  But  here  in  this  quiet  town,  though  there  are  blue 
and  sparkling  seas,  grand  pine  forests,  mountains  far  and  near, 
and  delicious  air,  —  the  sweet,  childlike  breath  of  a  young  em- 
pire, —  I  am  vexed,  tired,  lonely,  and  completely  unhinged  for 
want  of  news  from  home.  What  under  heaven  are  you  poets 
at,  in  this  mild  September  prime, — the  very  flowering-time  of 
imagination  and  ripe  harvest-weather  of  thought?  What  new 
designs  have  been  shaped  in  the  first  glow,  or  hammered  out  into 


160  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

enduring  form  ?  By  the  gods,  I  nearly  envy  you  your  quiet. 
The  goddess  visits  not  a  rambling  spirit  like  mine.  All  the  ma- 
terials of  poetry  are  around  me,  and  I  am  laying  up  a  good  stock 
for  future  use,  but  I  am  too  much  on  the  wing  to  be  singing.  I 
could  relish  hearing  you,  all  of  you,  nevertheless,  and  if  you  do 
but  send  me  the  new  voices  of  all  your  souls  I  shall  teach  them 
to  the  echoes  of  the  California  mountains. 

In  truth,  my  dear  friend,  I  miss  you  sadly  at  times  like  these, 
and  can  only  take  a  scanty  satisfaction  in  building  up  a  future  in 
which  we  all  shall  have  achieved  honor  in  the  lofty  service  to 
which  we  are  sworn.  I  think  of  yourself,  Read,  Stoddard,  and  me 
as  grown  gray  in  the  muse's  livery,  —  ancients  of  song,  whose 
lives  and  literary  fortunes  have  "  in  quaternion  run."  But  this 
is  idle  ;  better  be  working  than  dreaming,  taking  the  bloom  of 
the  present  than  waiting  a  more  genial  season,  and  so  I  try  to 
do.  This  journey  has  been  one  of  great  interest  to  me,  and  all 
that  has  yet  transpired  but  fulfills  the  presentiment  with  which 
I  left  home.  In  after  ages  this  will  be  the  land  of  epic  song  and 
romantic  fiction  ;  we  who  witness  its  infancy  may  make  its  ear- 
liest lays,  and  blend  our  names  with  the  wonderful  history  of  its 
birth.  I  have  seen  things  more  marvelous  than  the  "  Arabian 
Nights,"  witnessed  more  splendid  achievements  than  followed 
in  the  paths  of  Godfrey  or  Columbus.  This  may  sound  extrav- 
agant, but  posterity  will  not  think  it  so.  The  country  surpasses 
Italy  in  climate  and  scenery,  and  the  life  of  the  Bedouin  is  not 
more  wild  and  picturesque  than  that  of  a  native  Californian.  I 
have  already  accomplished  one  wish  that  I  had  on  leaving  :  I 
have  stridden  a  canelo,  and  run  races  with  the  wind  over  plains 
that  are  like  the  sea.  Would  to  Heaven  you  could  be  here  an 
hour  !  We  would  dash  off  over  the  hills  on  our  horses,  past  the 
ruined  mission  of  Carmel,  and  ride  down  to  Point  Lobos,  where 
ten  thousand  seals  and  sea-lions  cover  the  rocks.  I  wish  Read 
could  come  out  here  ;  it  is  a  splendid  field  for  a  painter.  I  hope 
he  has  written  to  me.  If  he  has  not,  it  is  now  too  late,  and  I 
must  wait  till  winter,  when  we  shall  have  a  jolly  meeting  in  dear 
old,  familiar  Philadelphia. 

I  leave  here  in  two  or  three  weeks  for  the  Sacramento  Valley, 
which  I  shall  ascend  to  the  borders  of  Oregon  ;  then  down  the 
interior  to  San  Diego,  where  I  shall  ship  to  Mazatlan,  and  cross 
Mexico  to  Vera  Cruz.  A  fine  route,  is  it  not  ?  I  have  enjoyed 
everything   (except  fleas)  thus  far,  and  have  the  lusty  health, 


ELDORADO  AND  IIYLAS.  161 

complexion,  and  appetite  of  a  teamster.      Perhaps  this  is  the 
reason  why  I  have  written  no  poetry. 

TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

Monterey,  Cal.,  September  30,  1849. 

Another  week  has  passed,  as  thou  wilt  see  hy  the  date  of  this, 
,and  yet  I  am  still  here.  A  circumstance  has  occurred  which 
has  occasioned  a  change  in  my  designs,  though  one  which  will  not 
increase  the  length  of  my  stay,  or  alter  the  manner  of  my  return. 
I  have  heen  employed  hy  an  agent  of  the  government  at  Wash- 
ington to  examine  some  old  Spanish  documents  in  the  archives 
here,  —  a  work  which  will  keep  me  here  about  three  weeks 
longer,  and  bring  me  a  good  round  sum  of  money.  I  can  then 
afford  to  buy  a  mule,  and  make  the  remainder  of  my  trip  with 
much  more  speed  and  comfort.  The  chance  is  a  fortunate  one, 
and  will  enable  me,  with  the  worst  luck  in  other  respects,  to 
make  the  journey  a  source  of  pecuniary  profit.  Perhaps  it  is 
fortunate  in  another  respect.  By  the  time  I  reach  the  Sacra- 
mento Valley,  the  fever  and  ague  season  will  be  quite  over,  and 
the  clear,  cool,  healthy  weather  preceding  the  winter  rains,  have 
arrived.  The  Sacramento  country  is  now  so  overrun  with  gold- 
diggers  that  traveling  in  any  part  of  it  is  perfectly  safe. 

I  have  just  returned  from  a  ride  to  Point  Conception,  about 
five  miles  from  here,  on  the  coast.  It  is  a  misty  afternoon,  and 
the  coast  scenery  was  singularly  wild  and  impressive.  The  long 
swells  came  rolling  in  upon  the  bleak  rocks,  breaking  upon  them 
with  a  shock  like  thunder,  and  dashing  their  spray  high  into 
the  air.  I  walked  along  the  inlets,  tearing  pearl-oysters  from 
their  hold  on  the  rocks,  and  robbing  them  of  their  beautiful 
shells.  The  star-fish  and  sea-flower  grew  abundantly  in  the 
edge  of  the  waters.  The  road  to  this  place  leads  through  the 
Pine  Forest  the  whole  distance.  .  .  .  The  society  of  the  place  is 
agreeable,  and  I  have  met  with  much  hospitality  among  the 
resident  Americans.  I  have  had  the  offer  of  a  house  if  I  would 
conic  here  to  live,  but  the  gift  of  a  gold-mine  would  not  hire  me 
to  leave  New  York.  There  is  to  be  the  field  of  my  future 
labors.  .  .  . 

And  now,  as  my  time  is  short,  I  again  take  leave  of  thee, 

asking  Heaven's  blessing  on  thee  during  this  time  of  absence. 

I  fervently  trust  I  shall  hear  from  thee  in  two  weeks  at  least. 

Till  I  write  again,  be  of  good  heart. 
vol.  i.  11 


162  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Monterey,  October  22, 1849. 

I  thought  until  a  day  or  two  ago  I  must  have  been  fated  to  be 
without  news  from  thee  during  all  my  absence.  Another  steamer 
came,  bringing  no  mail,  though  we  heard  that  one  was  about 
crossing  the  Isthmus  when  she  left.  The  next  steamer  has  not 
yet  arrived,  but  by  a  blessed  good  luck  three  or  four  letters  of 
mine,  intrusted  to  private  hands,  found  their  way  hither.  I  was 
completely  happy  on  finding  inclosed  in  a  letter  from  mother 
thy  note  of  July  12th.  And  what  raised  my  happiness  to  the  full- 
est extent  was  the  bright,  cheerful,  encouraging  tone  of  thy  let- 
ter.    Heaven  bless  thee  for  it  !  .  .  . 

I  am  still  as  healthy  and  vigorous  as  ever,  but  have  lost  a  little 
of  my  brown  complexion  from  indoor  work  here.  This  little 
rest  has  been  of  advantage  to  me  in  many  ways.  I  have  made 
acquaintances  among  all  the  principal  men  of  the  country,  have 
learned  much  that  will  be  useful  concerning  the  history  and  laws 
of  California,  and  have  retarded  my  Sacramento  trip  so  much 
that  there  is  no  further  fear  of  agues.  The  country  is  now  thor- 
oughly healthy,  and  the  temperature  most  delightful.  I  antici- 
pate a  great  deal  of  pleasure,  and  no  danger,  from  my  trip.  I 
have  written  a  little  during  my  stay  here,  —  a  poem  on  "  The 
Pine  Forest  of  Monterey,"  another  called  "  Taurus,"  and  a  third, 
which  I  here  send  thee.  It  is  brief  and  true,  —  true  as  my 
love  :  — 

I  plucked  for  thee  the  wilding  rose 

And  wore  it  on  my  breast, 
And  there,  till  daylight's  dusky  close, 

Its  silken  cheek  was  prest. 
Its  desert  breath  was  sweeter  far 

Than  palace  rose  could  be,  — 
Sweeter  than  all  Earth's  blossoms  are, 

But  that  thou  gav'st  to  me. 

I  kissed  its  leaves,  in  fond  despite 

Of  lips  that  failed  mine  own, 
And  thought  of  such,  that  one  dear  night 

Within  thy  tresses  shone. 
I  vowed  no  rose  should  rival  mine, 

Though  withered  now,  and  pale, 
Till  those  are  plucked  whose  white  buds  twine 

Above  thy  bridal  veil. 

The  wild  California  rose  is  sweeter  than  the  Oriental.  I  have 
ridden  through  thickets  of  them,  and  slept  at  night  in  the  fra- 
grant shade  of  the  bay  and  laurel  :  so  do  not  think  of  me  quite, 


ELDORADO  AND  UYLAS.  163 

as  anioiig  savage  and  inhospitable  deserts.  Some  of  the  finest 
scenery  in  the  world  is  here.  I  am  not  in  love  with  the  country, 
either  ;  I  shall  be  most  happy  when  my  mission  is  fully  and 
faithfully  performed,  and  my  face  is  directed  homewards.  The 
charm  of  novelty  and  the  excitement  of  adventure  make  the 
time  pass  more  quickly  than  I  anticipated,  but  I  still  have  some 
Jonely  hours.  I  should  have  many  and  anxious  ones,  did  I  not 
feel  a  secret  confidence  that  thou  art  well  and  cheerful.  .  .  . 

San  Francisco,  November  28, 1849. 

These  will  be  glad  words  for  thee  to  read,  I  know,  because 
they  are  probably  the  last  I  shall  write  to  thee  from  San  Fran- 
cisco. My  wild  wanderings  through  this  savagely  beautiful 
country  are  at  an  end,  because  I  could  not  travel  if  I  would.  I 
did  not  think,  when  I  left  home,  to  have  been  on  California  soil 
at  this  date,  nor  didst  thou  :  but  I  shall  not  regret  it  if,  when 
we  meet,  thou  canst  forget  the  pains  and  anxieties  of  absence. 
The  stay  here  has  been  in  the  highest  degree  valuable  to  myself  ; 
Heaven  grant  the  long  separation  may  be  made  light  to  thee  !  I 
shall  be  at  home  about  the  first  of  February.  I  should  leave  in 
the  steamer  which  sails  two  days  from  now,  but  I  wish  to  return 
through  Mexico,  and  she  does  not  touch  at  Mazatlan.  I  shall 
probably  leave  next  Monday  (December  3d),  in  a  sailing  vessel, 
for  Mazatlan.  It  is  a  twelve  or  fourteen  days'  trip,  as  the  wind 
always  blows  down  the  coast.  Ships  frequently  make  as  short 
passages  to  Mazatlan  as  the  steamer.  From  thence  to  Vera 
Cruz  is  about  four  weeks'  travel  across  Mexico,  —  one  of  the 
most  interesting  journeys  in  the  world,  and  one  of  the  most  de- 
lightful, as  I  am  told  by  those  who  have  made  it.  It  is  now  the 
dry  season  in  Mexico,  perfectly  healthy  and  safe  for  travelers 
without  money.  I  shall  take  letters  of  credit  instead,  travel 
without  baggage  and  with  not  more  than  two  companions, — ■ 
which  will  make  the  trip  as  safe  as  any  in  the  United  States.  I 
am  familiar  with  the  language,  customs,  geography,  etc.,  and 
anticipate  a  most  delightful  journey.  I  could  not  go  in  the  pres- 
ent steamer  if  I  wished,  for  no  ticket  is  to  be  had  under  double 
price,  and  my  plan  is  more  expeditious  than  to  wait  three  weeks 
for  the  next  chance. 

I  wish  thou  couldst  see  me  as  I  am  now,  —  fat,  brown,  and 
rough  as  a  mountaineer,  heavier  by  fifteen  pounds  than  I  ever 
was  before,  and  with  the  rugged  feeling  of  health  and  strength 


164  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

I  have  so  long  coveted.  I  am  fitted  for  three  years'  encagement 
in  New  York,  without  grumbling.  I  can  make  glorious  use  of 
my  rough  experience  in  this  country,  as  thou  shalt  see  anon.  It 
will  give  me  such  a  lift  as  I  could  not  have  attained  by  years  of 
labor  at  home.  My  life  is  not  all  roughness  here,  either.  With 
warm,  genial  airs,  skies  soft  and  blue,  sunsets  far  surpassing 
Italy,  mountains  green  with  springing  grass,  and  glorious  moon- 
lights, life  is  a  double  enjoyment  here.  My  travels  among  the 
Indians  may  frighten  thee  a  little,  but  they  are  all  past  now.  I 
have  never  had  a  moment's  doubt  or  fear  since  leaving  home. 
Heaven  has  greatly  blessed  me,  while  nearly  every  one  I  know 
has  been  more  or  less  ill.  I  have  enjoyed  from  the  first  the 
most  vigorous  and  exulting  health. 

If  thou  wert  here,  —  if  we  were  but  united,  —  I  could  will- 
ingly prolong  my  stay.  As  it  is,  the  prospect  of  seeing  thee  in 
two  months  is  a  joyful  one.  How  much  we  shall  have  to  say  to 
each  other  !  how  many  memories  to  recount  !  how  many  happy 
anticipations  to  exchange  !  Ah,  dearest  Mary,  let  us  not  be  kept 
much  longer  from  each  other's  happiness  :  let  us  soon  unite  our 
fates,  and  laugh  at  the  hollow  world  and  its  heartless  babble.  I 
shall  come  back  to  thee  with  a  more  profound  yet  not  a  more 
sorrowing  knowledge  of  human  nature,  a  wider  experience  of 
life  and  its  strongest  passion,  a  fresher  sense  of  enjoyment  in 
God's  grand  and  perfect  works,  and  with  as  true  a  heart,  as 
loyal  a  constancy,  as  fervent  a  devotion,  as  before.  "  I  trust  in 
God  ;  I  trust  in  thee."  By  that  trust,  my  own  dear  Mary,  I  ask 
thee  to  wait  for  me  with  a  brave  and  cheerful  heart,  and  to  wel- 
come me  back  with  a  face  on  winch  the  tears  of  absence  have 
left  no  trace. 

It  is  late  at  night,  and  rather  cold,  in  this  gloomy  post-office 
kitchen.  I  have  but  a  day  or  two  since  returned  from  the  Sacra- 
mento, and  am  hurried  in  getting  ready  my  "  Tribune  "  corre- 
spondence. I  shall  probably  write  from  Mazatlan,  though  it  is 
most  likely  that  I  will  reach  home  sooner  than  a  letter  from  that 
place.  From  Vera  Cruz  I  shall  go  to  Mobile,  thence  to  Charles- 
ton, thence  to  New  York,  and  then  —  to  thee  !  Don't  look  for 
me  before  February  1st,  nor  be  alarmed  at  not  hearing  from  me. 
Depend  upon  it,  I  shall  get  home  safe.  There  is  no  steamer 
yet.     The  last  letter  from  thee  was  dated  August  12th,  but  one 

from ,  of  August  23d,  speaks  of  thee  as  being  well.     Would 

to  Heaven  I  could  again  hear  from  thee  before  starting  home- 
ward !     Good-by  for  a  few  days. 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  165 

Pacific,  near  Mazatlan,  January  7,  1850. 
So  far  safely  on  my  way.  I  have  left  behind  the  region  of 
rain  and  storms,  aud  am  now  on  the  border  of  the  tropics,  with 
a  cloudless  sky  overhead  and  a  smooth  blue  sea  around.  The  air 
is  like  that  of  Paradise.  I  am  happy  and  light-hearted,  and  full 
of  pleasant  anticipations  of  Mexican  travel.  .  .  . 
-  The  six  months  that  are  gone  since  we  parted  have  changed 
me  much.  I  have  seen  more  of  human  life,  and  am  grown  more 
serious  and  self-dependent.  My  ambition  burns  with  a  more 
steady  flame,  and  is  more  certain  of  its  object.  The  school 
through  which  I  have  just  passed  was  wanting  to  fit  me  for 
future  labors.  I  have  gained  more,  if  not  of  philosophy,  at  least 
of  courage  and  determination.  I  no  longer  chafe  at  the  bars 
which  galled  so  before.  The  erratic  glow  and  enthusiasm  of 
youth  seems  departing,  yet  it  is  not  dead,  but  oidy  slumbers 
for  the  time.  Perhaps  thou  wilt  never  feel  this,  but  thou  hast  a 
woman's  quick  insight  into  human  nature,  and  mayst  understand 
how  it  has  been  wrought  in  me.  .   .  . 

Bayard  Taylor  had  the  experience  of  being  robbed 
in  Mexico,  as  he  has  related  in  his  volume  of  travel 
devoted  to  this  trip,  and,  reaching  Vera  Cruz,  left  for 
home  February  19,  1850.  On  the  27th  he  reached 
Mobile,  ascended  the  Alabama  River,  and  by  rail  and 
stage  went  to  Charleston.  Thence  he  went  to  Wash- 
ington, where  he  delivered  dispatches  to  the  govern- 
ment, spent  a  day  at  Kennett,  and  was  again  at  the 
Tribune  office  on  the  10th  of  March.  He  had  been 
unable  to  send  any  letters  to  the  paper  after  leaving 
California,  and  he  now  busied  himself  with  throwing 
the  letters  into  book-form,  adding  many  incidents  from 
recollection,  and  continuing  the  narrative  by  relating 
his  experiences  in  Mexico.  The  letters  had  excited 
great  interest.  When  the  one  came  which  described 
the  Panama  Isthmus,  Mr.  Greeley  wrote  to  him  in  his 
characteristic  fashion :  — 


166  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

HORACE   GREELEY   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

New  York,  August  16,  1849. 
Bayard,  —  Your  Isthmus  letter  (the  crossing)  is  generally 
esteemed  here  as  A  No.  1.  All  I  have  heard  agree  that  nothing 
so  workmanlike  has  been  done  since  the  immortal  Stephen  H. 
Branch  awoke  the  catamounts  of  the  Chagres,  even  if  then. 
Those  from  the  intermediate  seas  do  not  make  so  much  impres- 
sion, simply  because  the  scenes  and  occurrences  were  less  in- 
teresting here.  .  .  . 

The  record  of  travel  was  published  in  May,  1850 
by  Mr.  Putnam,  under  the  title  of  "  Eldorado,  or  Ad- 
ventures in  the  Path  of  Empire  ;  comprising  a  Voyage 
to  California,  via  Panama ;  Life  in  San  Francisco  and 
Monterey ;  Pictures  of  the  Gold  Region,  and  Experi- 
ences of  Mexican  Travel." 

Of  poetry  he  had  written  but  little  during  his  jour- 
ney. "  Taurus,"  "  The  Pine  Forest  of  Monterey,"  and 
"  Manuela,"  a  new  California  ballad,  were  indeed 
written  while  under  the  immediate  inspiration  of  the 
scenes  which  they  reflect,  and  in  his  note-book  he 
would  jot  down,  sometimes  in  darkness,  the  lines 
which  came  to  him.  Once  back  at  his  familiar  work, 
there  came  a  new  impulse,  under  which  he  wrote  "  Hy- 
las,"  a  marked  illustration  of  the  greater  freedom 
with  which  he  gave  himself  to  artistic  conception.  It 
is  to  be  noted  that  in  a  later  arrangement  of  his  poems 
he  did  not  include  this  among  "  Earlier  Poems,"  though 
that  division  embraced  some  written  after  "Hylas." 
It  was  during  this  summer  also  that  he  made  his  first 
essay  at  "  The  Picture  of  St.  John,"  but  the  develop- 
ment of  that  poem  belongs  to  a  later  date. 

We  recur  to  "  Hylas  "  because  it  appears  to  be  the 
sudden,  exalted  expression  of  a  state  of  mind  which 
was  the  result  of  much  of  the  struggle  which  his  life 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  167 

had  always  witnessed  between  a  native  sense  of  liberty 
and  the  pressure  of  surrounding  influences.  His  jour- 
ney to  California,  the  wild  life  which  he  there  led,  re- 
turning almost  to  a  savage  mode,  and  his  new  sense  of 
a  vast  energy  in  nature  and  humanity,  all  conspired 
to  give  him  a  bound  into  conscious  independence.  It 
was  just  before  writing  "Hylas"  that  he  recorded  in 
his  private  journal,  to  which  he  committed  his  thought 
unreservedly :  — 

"  More  than  a  year,  a  strange,  eventful,  all-impor- 
tant period,  since  I  last  took  up  the  pen  for  this  con- 
fessional !  What  a  time  !  How  changed  is  the  world 
since  then !  God !  how  blind  was  I  then,  how  little 
true  reliance  I  possessed,  how  failing  a  strength,  how 
weak  a  will !  Now,  all  is  different.  Men  are  not  as 
they  were,  nor  are  my  relations  toward  them  the  same. 
For  the  first  time  in  my  life,  I  feel  secure  of  my  des- 
tiny. All  those  blind  motions  of  the  soul,  those  vague 
instincts  and  groping  passions,  which  I  now  recognize 
in  what  I  have  written  in  this  book,  are  taking  form. 
With  the  consciousness  of  my  own  true  nature  comes 
the  knowledge  of  my  real  power  and  the  will  to  do  all 
that  it  would  ask  of  me.  Thank  God  that  the  mists 
are  clearing  away !  Thank  God  that  I  breathe  the 
pure  air  at  last ! 

"  It  was  a  mistake  —  a  misfortune,  rather  —  that  I 
was  trained  to  be  that  which  I  am  not.  But  the  true 
nature  will  make  way  at  last.  Had  I  not  been  made 
to  believe  that  passion  was  sin,  I  had  gained  some  pre- 
cious years  of  power.  I  had  earlier  learned  my  own 
soul,  and  might  have  planted  its  roots  in  the  genuine 
soil,  where  they  have  now  but  freshly  struck.  I  had 
not  then  believed,  and  they  had  not  believed,  that  I 
was  all  gentleness  and  kindness ;   hence,  the  harder 


168  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

lesson  for  them,  to  learn  the  new  nature  that  has  fully 
awakened  after  such  a  long  slumber.  And  I,  who 
would  have  kept  it  down,  —  ah,  how  little  I  knew  of 
the  awful  majesty  of  Poetry,  of  the  passion  and  scorn 
and  sorrow  which  they  must  learn  to  feel  who  wor- 
ship her  truly !  The  veil  has  risen  at  last,  — ■  I  stand, 
face  to  face  with  that  dread  Power.  If  she  claims  a 
life  of  toil  and  outward  bitterness,  it  will  be  gladly 
given,  so  she  is  mine  before  I  die." 

Thus,  though  the  public  was  more  interested  in  his 
record  of  travel,  he  did  not  for  a  moment  turn  aside 
in  his  purpose  from  his  true  vocation,  and  he  received 
now  and  then  a  slight  sign  that  others  were  regarding 
him  as  he  regarded  himself. 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO  GEORGE  H.  BOKER. 

New  York,  March  17,  1850. 

I  send  you  a  hasty  line  for  two  reasons,  first,  to  express  my 
delight  at  reading  "  Anne  Boleyn,"  which  I  think  a  great  ad- 
vance on  "  Calaynos,"  and  a  great  tragedy  in  itself.  It  will  last. 
Some  of  the  passages  are  equal  in  effect  to  anything  I  ever  read. 
You  have  done  all  that  could  have  been  wished,  for  your  sake 
and  divine  Poetry's.  When  I  get  my  book  off  my  hands,  I  will 
say  in  type  what  I  think  of  it.  Ripley  is  charmed  with  it,  and 
will  still  look  out  for  a  chance  to  give  his  opinion.  Go  ahead, 
my  dear  poet !  It  will  soon  be  your  turn  to  damn  those  who 
would  willingly  damn  you.  .  .  . 

Now,  George,  I  want  you  to  write  me  a  line,  at  least,  before 
the  end  of  the  week.  Come  along  bodily  just  as  soon  as  you 
can.  I  shall  be  here,  working  on  my  book,  three  weeks  longer, 
before  visiting  home  again.  It  will  be  out  in  two  volumes, 
splendidly  got  up.     As  for  the  matter,  I  say  nothing. 

TO   MARY   AGNEW. 
New  York,  Sunday  night,  March  17,  1850. 
Delinquent  again,  and  not  in  a  fit  mood  for  writing  to-night ; 
but  I  must  say  one  word.     I  have  been  troubled  to-day  with  a 
bad  sore  throat,  from  cutting  off  my  beard  prematurely.   Nature 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  169 

no  doubt  intended  it  should  stay.  However,  civilization  exacts 
a  good  deal  from  us,  and  perhaps  we  receive  a  corresponding 
benefit.  I  feel  like  a  different  individual  from  the  one  who  went 
on  board  the  Falcon  last  June.  My  nature  is  setting  into  its 
destined  mould.  I  am  no  longer  the  pliant,  passionate,  restless 
youth  ;  I  look  upon  life  more  soberly  than  heretofore.  The  glow- 
ing impulses  of  my  heart  have  subsided,  at  least  to  outward  ap- 
pearance. I  see  things  through  a  clearer,  more  unruffled  air. 
The  impatience  which  made  my  love  for  thee  "  a  joy,  sharp  e'en 
to  pain,"  no  longer  torments  me.  I  have  in  its  stead  a  quiet, 
happy  feeling,  —  a  sense  of  contentment  with  fate,  a  serene  trust 
in  the  future.  The  thought  of  soon  having  thee  with  me,  which 
last  spring  seemed  a  miracle  of  joy  which  could  hardly  be  real, 
is  now  so  natural,  so  inevitable,  a  happiness,  that  my  heart  com- 
prehends it  without  an  effort.  My  pulses  no  longer  throb  with 
the  fever  of  unrest.  We  are  no  longer  enchanted  beings,  walk- 
ing apart  in  some  unapproachable  world  of  love,  but  woman  and 
man,  with  the  joys  and  sorrows  of  common  life  as  our  portion. 
Canst  thou  explain  this  change  ?  I  think  I  can.  The  fiery  part 
of  my  nature  has  had  full  play  and  free  expression  in  the  ex- 
citement of  my  recent  travel,  and  goads  me  no  longer.  Calmer 
feelings  return,  and  the  tired  spirits  willingly  submit  to  their 
rule.  I  cannot  say  but  I  am  glad  of  this.  The  clearer  and  sim- 
pler life  appears  to  us  the  stronger  is  our  control  of  it.  .  .  . 

I  am  hard  at  work  on  my  book.  It  will  be  out  in  about 
twenty  days  (perhaps  less),  and  till  then  I  shall  be  bound  to  it. 
Putnam  gives  me  no  respite,  as  the  earliest  possible  appearance 
will  greatly  increase  the  sales.  As  the  trip  has  cost  me  much, 
the  book  ought  to  pay  me  well  in  return.  I  have  written  home 
that  I  shall  certainly  be  there  before  the  7th  of  April.  Keep  up 
thy  spirits  till  then  ;  I  know  thou  canst,  now  that  my  return  is 
fully  realized.  Meanwhile  write  often,  much,  and  as  freely  as 
thy  thought. 

New  York,  May  8.  1850. 

It  is  a  little  after  midnight.  They  have  all  gone  and  left  me 
alone  in  the  office.  The  rain  is  pouring  without,  and  its  sound, 
though  sad,  is  soothing,  for  it  is  in  harmony  with  my  own  feel- 
ings. Thy  note,  which  came  to-day,  has  thrown  a  shadow  on 
my  heart.  I  feel  inexpressibly  sad  and  lonely.  Thou  wert  so 
well,  looked  so  well,  and  I  thought  would  be  so  strong  and 
uaPPy  ;  aim  now>  the  health  and  strength  thou  hast  been  gather- 


170  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ing  for  a  year  are  gone  at  once.  I  have  been  anxious  about  thee 
ever  since  we  parted,  but  I  hoped  the  genial  season  would  restore 
thee  ;  now,  I  fear  it  inay  take  weeks  before  thou  art  strong 
again.  If  thou  wilt  only  be  quite  well  in  another  month,  I  will 
try  to  bear  it ;  —  but  then,  what  have  I  to  bear  in  comparison 
with  thee  ?  I  will  stop  my  marriage  preparations,  if  thou  wish- 
est  it  ;  but  it  will  be  a  terrible  disappointment  if  we  should  have 
to  postpone  the  day.  Still,  need  this  be  done  under  any  circum- 
stances ?  Even  if  thou  shouldst  not  be  considered  well  enough 
to  come  here  in  June,  could  not  the  ceremony  be  performed  on 
the  19th  ?  I  have  a  preference  for  the  day,  —  a  sort  of  super- 
stitious desire  to  be  married  then,  now  since  it  has  been  fixed. 
Even  if  —  which  God  forbid  !  —  thou  shouldst  be  obliged  to 
wait  at  home  a  month  or  two  longer,  might  not  the  simple 
words  be  spoken,  might  we  not  write  to  each  other  and  think 
of  each  other  as  husband  and  wife  ?  But  I  will  not  forebode 
anything  of  the  kind.  I  trust  in  Heaven  thou  wilt  soon  re- 
cover. Only,  must  I  stop  my  preparations  ?  In  case  of  thy 
continued  weakness,  which  I  see  thou  hast  already  pictured  to 
thyself  as  possible,  may  we  not  still  cherish  the  same  anticipa- 
tions of  being  given  to  each  other  on  that  day  ?  Forgive  me  if 
I  write  strangely  :  I  am  deeply  grieved  and  disappointed  by  thy 
illness.  I  will  agree  to  anything  that  seems  best  to  thee.  Think 
only  of  thyself  ;  thou  hast  had  so  much  to  bear  I  should  be 
wicked  and  unmanly  if  I  were  not  willing  to  make  every  sacri- 
fice for  thy  good.  Tell  me  with  all  the  candor  of  thy  heart 
how  thou  art  growing  from  day  to  day,  what  thou  wouldst  fain 
ask  of  me,  what  I  should  do,  and  how  thou  couldst  be  happiest. 

Thursday  morning. 
It  is  still  dull  and  chilly  here.  I  am  hard  at  work  among 
California  news,  anniversaries,  and  a  pile  of  such  trash.  I  have 
not  time  to  say  more  now,  but  a  word  is  better  than  nothing.  I 
will  write  again  to-morrow  or  Saturday,  and  hope  to  hear  from 
thee  again  before  that  time. 

TO  JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 
Tribune  Office,  New  York,  May  10,  1850. 
I  dash  off  a  line  from  the  midst  of  my  City  Items,  California 
News,  Cuban  Expeditions,  and  a  host  of  such  trash,  to  tell  you 
how  my  "  Eldorado  "  has  been  running  off. 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  171 

Putnam  has  orders  for  near  two  thousand  copies,  and  can't 
get  the  books  hound  fast  enough.  He  has,  as  yet,  sold  none  at 
retail,  and,  for  my  part,  I  have  not  got  a  single  copy.  I  beg 
you,  therefore,  to  excuse  me  to  my  good  Boston  friends,  to  whom 
I  intend  to  send  copies,  for  a  day  or  two  longer,  and  take 
part  of  the  same  to  yourself.  I  hope  to  he  supplied  on  Monday 
or  Tuesday,  and  will  then  remember  all  my  friends,  Miss  Mit- 
ford  included.  This  time  I  am  really  going  to  send  her  all 
my  three  works  in  one  lump,  —  enough  to  terrify  the  poor  old 
lady. 

Boker  called  on  me  yesterday.  He  tells  me  he  had  a  delight- 
ful time  with  you  and  Whipple.  Would  I  had  been  there  !  But 
this  devilish  work,  to  which  we  are  doomed,  always  stands  be- 
tween us  and  our  desires. 

I  hope  a  time  may  come  when  I  shall  be  no  longer  bound. 
Where  is  Longfellow  going  to  stay  in  Washington  ?  Is  he  going 
farther  south  ?  How  can  I  send  an  "  Eldorado  "  to  him  ?  Will 
he  not  stop  a  day  here  on  his  return  ?  I  want  to  see  him  very 
much. 

I  must  stop  ;  it  is  near  one  o'clock.  Greeley  is  in  the  other 
room,  and  the  rest  of  my  fellow-editors  hard  at  work.  A  police 
report,  or  something  equally  disgusting,  will  be  thrust  under 
my  nose  the  next  minute  for  my  special  attention  and  contem- 
plation. I  must  not  forget,  however,  to  thank  you  for  your  kind 
notice  of  my  book  in  the  "  Transcript."  I  think  it  will  help  the 
sale  of  it  in  Boston,  which  is  about  all  I  hope  from  my  prose 
works.  As  for  literary  reputation,  I  would  not  swap  that  of  ten 
lines  of  good  poetry  for  all  the  prose  I  shall  ever  write.  .  .  . 

TO  MARY  AGNEW. 

Thursday  night,  May  14,  1850. 

...  I  will  do  in  everything  as  thou  shalt  desire.  Do  not  try 
to  get  well ;  it  will  make  thee  worse.  Let  Nature  regain  her 
strength  in  her  own  time.  I  hope  everything  from  these  warm 
days  and  balmy  airs.  I  feel  most  deeply  for  thee.  Thou  hast 
had  so  much  to  suffer,  and  all  thy  best  happiness  has  been  in  the 
future.  Ah,  well,  God  will  not  desert  those  who  suffer  patiently  ; 
we  shall  be  happy  yet,  under  his  blessing. 

...  I  will  wait  calmly  and  hopefully.  I  have  already  more 
than  half  given  up  the  idea  of  being  married  on  the  19th.  I 
would  much  rather  put  it  off  a  mouth  than  that  thou  shouldst 


172  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

not  be  quite  well.  The  thought  of  another  relapse  would  be 
terrible.  Try  to  be  cheerful,  dear  Mary.  If  thou  wishest  I 
will  go  home  in  two  weeks,  if  ouly  for  half  a  day.  Indeed,  if 
before  then  thou  shouldst  desire  to  postpone  the  day  of  our  mar- 
riage, I  will  go,  whether  thou  wishest  or  not.  It  is  late,  and  I 
am  weary  and  sleepy.  I  feel  a  little  sad,  but  I  should  be  quite 
happy  if  I  thought  thou  wert  cheerful  and  hopeful  still.  Be 
cheerful,  Mary  ;  this  trial  is  hard,  but  a  year  hence  we  will  not 
feel  it.  .  .  . 

Monday  morning,  June  10,  1850. 
Yesterday  I  received  a  letter  from  mother,  which  explains  the 
reason  of  thy  not  writing.  She  tells  me  thou  art  not  so  well  as 
when  I  left.  I  am  deeply  grieved  and  saddened,  as  thou  mayst 
easily  imagine,  for  I  had  hoped  so  much  from  the  delightful 
weather  of  last  week.  I  pray  that  thou  art  better  by  this  time, 
for  the  pleasant  sunshine  and  warmth  of  the  season  must  help 
thee,  if  Nature  has  not  grown  perverse.  I  shall  look  for  a  letter 
to-morrow  with  great  anxiety.  Mother  writes  to  me  that  the 
doctor  said  riding  out  every  day  would  much  hasten  thy  re- 
covery, and  asks  if  I  cannot  get  away  for  a  week  to  take  thee 
out.  I  think  I  can.  Greeley  is  not  at  home,  but  I  can  make 
some  arrangement  to  leave.  At  any  rate,  he  may  storm  as  he 
likes  :  I  would  sooner  bear  it  than  have  thee  suffer  much  longer 
with  that  terrible  pain,  when  I  may  help  to  relieve  thee  of  it. 
I  shall  certainly  leave  here  by  the  last  of  this  week,  —  perhaps 
sooner.  Thou  mayst  look  for  me  Thursday  night,  for  I  don't 
think  I  shall  disappoint  thee.  .  .  . 

TO   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  June  27,  1850. 

I  have  been  here  four  days.  Mary  is  somewhat  better,  though 
still  in  a  very  uncertain  and  dangerous  state.  My  hopes  are  a 
little  brighter,  and  I  can  now  with  a  calmer  mind  entreat  God  to 
spare  her  to  me.  I  have  partly  recovered  my  old  faith,  and  do 
my  best  to  cheer  and  encourage  her.  In  this  I  have  succeeded. 
For  two  days  past  she  has  been  slowly  improving.  She  does  not 
speak  of  her  danger,  has  not  been  told  of  it,  but  I  think  guesses 
it.  The  physician  had  no  hope,  and  has  but  little  now,  yet  I  will 
dare  to  hope  against  him.     God  help  me  if  I  lose  her  ! 

Write  to  me,  Stoddard,  at  once,  for  I  shall  return  in  a  week. 
What  have  you  been  doing  ?     What  new  plans  afoot  ?     I  have 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  173 

conceived  another  poeni  ;  Heaven  only  knows  when  it  will  take 
shape  !     And  now,  my  dear  boy,  good-by. 

An  invitation  to  deliver  the  annual  poem  before  the 
Phi  Beta  Kappa  Society  of  Harvard  College  at  Com- 
mencement was  accepted,  and  he  busied  himself  over 
a-  poem  entitled  "  The  American  Legend."  He  did 
not  think  it  worth  while  to  reprint  it  in  any  of  his  col- 
lections, and  took  his  principal  pleasure  in  the  oppor- 
tunity afforded  of  seeing  his  Boston  friends.  Several 
years  afterward,  writing  to  Mr.  Boker,  who  had  re- 
ceived the  same  invitation,  and  had  printed  his  poem, 
he  expressed  his  regret  that  his  friend  had  published 
the  poem.  "  I  made  the  same  mistake,"  he  says. 
"  My  Harvard  poem,  poor  as  it  is,  was  received  with 
great  applause ;  but  alas !  I  published  it,  and  thus 
killed  the  tradition  of  its  excellence,  which,  had  I  not 
done  so,  might  still  have  been  floating  around  Har- 
vard." 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

June  30,  1850. 

I  know  nothing  more  likely  to  beguile  myself  from  a  doleful 
consciousness  of  this  sweltering  heat  than  the  writing  to  you. 
What  do  you  with  your  solid  substance  this  weather  ?  These 
lank,  skeleton  poets  can  live  well  enough,  for  they  have  nothing 
to  lose  ;  but  we,  who  are  not  only  blood  and  bone,  but  some  fat, 
must  suffer.  I  rejoice  in  a  tolerable  heat,  and  so  long  as  the 
mercury  don't  rise  above  80°  choose  the  sunny  side  of  the  street. 
I  am  conscious  of  a  sort  of  ripening,  so,  for  it  is  my  favorite 
theory  that  one  becomes  more  intensely  vital  by  giving  himself 
up  to  the  sun  and  air.  (Don't  pun  !)  Stoddard  and  I,  though 
it 's  against  nature  and  all  precedent,  have  been  plying  our  pens 
diligently,  —  he  on  his  "  Search  for  Proserpine,"  I  on  my  damned 
Harvard  stuff.  By  the  way,  I  have  had  an  invitation  from  Co~ 
Inmbia  College,  in  this  city,  to  redeliver  the  poem  at  the  Com- 
mencement in  October,  and  have  accepted.  I  must  also  tell  you 
that  there  are  now  three  reprints  of  "  Eldorado  "  in  London.  T 
have  seen  three  or  four  notices,  —  long,  and  so  far  good,  but  that 
of  the  "  Spectator  "  is  sneering  and  contemptible.     Had  it  not 


174  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

been  for  the  shelter  of  Bentley's  name  (Her  Majesty's  publisher), 
I  should  have  fared  much  worse.  .  .  . 

You  must  come  out  in  the  fall  with  a  volume  of  poems.  Stod- 
dard will,  and  so,  I  think,  will  I.  You  can  make  a  capital  vol- 
ume, with  your  "  Song,"  "  Sir  John,"  "  Goblet,"  and  other  things  ; 
Stoddard  has  his  "  Castle  "  as  a  fine  leader,  with  a  number  of 
short  songs  ;  and  I,  besides  fifteen  or  twenty  published  since 
"  Rhymes  of  Travel,"  have  a  poem  in  view  and  to  be  written 
soon,  narrative,  legendary,  national,  and  semi-epic.  We  might 
walk  out  side  by  side  on  the  platform  of  public  perusal.  The 
publishing  showmen  would  of  course  parade  our  wonderful  qual- 
ities, and  the  snarling  critics  in  the  crowd  would  show  their  teeth  ; 
but  we  would  be  as  unmoved  as  the  wax  statues  of  Parkman  and 
Webster,  except  that  there  might  now  and  then  be  a  sly  wink  at 
each  other,  when  nobody  was  looking.  .  .  . 

Since  my  return  I  have  had  a  short  note  from  Mary,  but  I 
cannot  learn  from  it  whether  she  is  better  or  not.  God  grant  it 
may  be  as  I  hope  !  If  I  lose  her,  I  shall  have  but  a  darkened 
life  left  me.     Write  soon. 

TO   MARY  AGNEW. 

July  8,  1850. 

My  last  letter  from  home  reached  me  on  July  4th.  I  need  not 
say  bow  much  I  was  delighted  with  the  news  of  your  improve- 
ment. I  hope  there  has  been  no  check  to  it  since.  The  weather 
has  been  so  charming  here  and  I  have  felt  so  well  that  I  think  it 
must  have  an  equally  genial  effect  upon  thee.  I  am  entirely 
wrapped  up  in  my  Harvard  poem.  The  time  is  near  at  hand, 
and  I  must  finish  the  poem  this  week.  I  can  do  it  by  sticking  to 
it.  I  wrote  about  one  hundred  and  fifty  lines  on  Saturday  and 
Sunday,  besides  which  the  California  mail  is  just  in,  giving  me 
a  wilderness  of  work  to  do. 

I  missed  writing  to  thee  on  Friday  last,  being  so  occupied 
with  work  in  the  morning  that  mail-time  passed  over  before  I 
knew  it.  I  felt  sorry  at  this,  for  I  had  promised  to  write  then, 
and  I  knew  thou  wouldst  expect  it. 

I  feel  tolerably  satisfied  with  my  progress  in  the  poem  thus 
far,  and  think  it  will  be  successful.  Didst  thou  see  Whittier's 
glorious  "  Eldorado  "  in  the  "  Era  "  ?  Dickens  had  an  excellent 
notice  in  his  "  Household  Words."  All  the  London  papers,  in 
fact,  have  treated  it  very  handsomely.     Stoddard  has  gone  to 


ELDORADO  AND   HYLAS.  175 

New  Jersey  for  his  health,  and  as  I  am  alone  I  work  the  more. 
But  I  take  a  daily  swim  in  the  salt  sea,  and  am  hearty.  Write 
when  thou  art  able,  but  no  sooner.  This  week  I  will  write  on 
Friday. 

Monday,  July  15,  1850. 

I  have  been  steadily  working  since  Saturday  at  noon,  and  have 
my  poem  finished  except  the  copying.  I  feel  quite  used  up,  hav- 
ing written  about  one  hundred  lines  on  Saturday  night,  and  toiled 
over  the  conclusion  yesterday.  I  shall  leave  for  Boston  to-mor- 
row, and  return  on  Saturday.  I  am  tolerably  satisfied  with  the 
poem,  but  don't  know  how  it  will  please  the  Puritan  profes- 
sors. I  think  the  students  will  like  it,  which  will  be  sufficient 
glory.  .  .  . 

Thou  wilt  pardon  this  hasty  scrawl,  —  my  head  is  so  full  and 
my  hands  so  busy  with  completing  the  poem.  I  am  entirely  well, 
though  a  little  enervated  by  this  sultry  weather. 

New  York,  July  22,  1850. 

I  returned  from  Boston  yesterday  morning.  As  you  may  sup- 
pose, I  was  so  preoccupied  by  engagements  attendant  on  my  sit- 
uation that  I  could  get  no  chance  of  sendmg  a  letter  which 
would  reach  home  before  this.  I  am  hurried  to-day,  by  circum- 
stances which  I  will  mention  by  and  by,  but  must  not  omit  send- 
ing a  short  account  of  my  doings. 

I  reached  Boston  at  ten  o'clock  on  Wednesday  morning,  having 
been  left  behind  at  Stonington  by  the  cars,  which  obliged  me  to 
wait  three  hours  in  a  dark  depot,  and  go  forward  in  a  freight 
train,  packed  among  boxes  and  coffee-bags.  I  found  Fields  at 
once,  went  to  his  house  (a  charming  place),  and  repeated  my 
poem  to  him.  He  was  delighted  with  it,  which  gave  me  courage 
for  the  delivery  next  day.  We  took  a  carriage  and  rode  out  to 
Cambridge,  where  we  saw  part  of  the  Commencement  ceremo- 
nies, and  dined  with  a  club  of  students.  I  was  lionized,  of  course, 
introduced  to  professors,  judges,  etc.,  but  bore  my  honors 
meekly.  We  went  down  by  way  of  Roxbury  and  Jamaica  Pond, 
through  delicious  glimpses  of  scenery. 

I  returned  to  Cambridge  in  the  evening  and  spent  the  night 
with  Lowell,  whom  I  had  met  at  the  Commencement.  His 
father's  classmates  —  graduates  of  the  year  1800  —  were  spend- 
ing the  anniversary  with  him.  Among  them  was  Chief  Justice 
Shaw  of  Massachusetts.      Allston   was  of  the  same  class.      It 


176  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

was  delightful  to  hear  those  old  men  laughing  over  their  college 
tricks,  fifty  years  ago. 

Next  morning  Lowell  and  I  went  down  to  the  College  build- 
ings. I  was  elected  an  honorary  member  of  the  P.  B.  K.  Society, 
and  tied  the  pink  and  blue  ribbons  in  my  button-hole.  The  pro- 
cession was  formed  in  the  Library,  my  place  being  with  the  orator 
of  the  day,  immediately  behind  the  old  president,  Quincy.  We 
had  to  pass  between  double  files  of  the  members,  all  standing 
uncovered,  and  thus  entered  the  church,  which  was  already 
crowded.  Judge  Walker's  oration  was  very  commonplace  and 
respectable,  but  not  exactly  dull,  which  was  fortunate  for  me. 
When  my  turn  came,  I  was  received  with  such  a  warm,  cordial, 
universal  expression  that  all  my  embarrassment  disappeared  at 
once.  I  went  through  the  poem  without  the  least  timidity  or 
misgiving.  The  audience  paid  me  the  compliment  of  profound 
silence  till  the  close,  when  they  gave  another  most  hearty  and 
enthusiastic  round  of  applause.  The  old  members  —  gray- 
headed  men  of  seventy  and  eighty  —  crowded  about  me  with 
their  thanks  and  congratulations.  Ralph  Emerson,  who  sat  be- 
side Fields,  said  it  was  the  best  poem  which  had  ever  been  deliv- 
ered there.  Thence  we  went  to  the  dinner,  which  I  cannot  now 
describe.  It  was  overflowing  with  wit,  fun,  and  good  feeling. 
Professor  Felton,  R.  H.  Dana,  Lowell,  and  hosts  of  other  good 
fellows  made  speeches.  I  had  to  say  a  few  words,  but  got 
through  without  trouble.  In  the  evening  I  attended  a  soiree  at 
Professor  Horsford's. 

Friday  morning,  early,  Lowell  and  I  started  for  Arnesbury, 
which  we  reached  in  a  terrible  northeaster.  What  a  capital 
time  we  had  with  Whit  tier,  in  his  nook  of  a  study,  with  the  rain 
pouring  on  the  roof  and  the  wind  howling  at  the  door  !  We  had 
several  stormy  adventures  on  our  return,  for  we  did  not  reach 
Cambridge  till  after  midnight.  Next  day  we  went  down  to  Na- 
hant  to  see  Longfellow,  who,  unfortunately,  had  gone  to  Portland. 
I  left  Boston  the  same  evening,  being  obliged  to  decline  invita- 
tions enough  to  have  furnished  me  with  two  weeks'  board.  The 
P.  B.  K.'s  took  forcible  hold  of  my  poem,  and  are  going  to  pub- 
lish it.     It  has  been  admirably  noticed  in  the  Boston  papers. 

So  much  for  a  visit  which  has  delighted,  gratified,  and  hum- 
bled me,  —  warmed  my  heart  towards  a  whole  community,  and 
incited  me  to  fresh  labor,  that  I  may  deserve  the  honor  already 
given.     My  poem  does  not. 


ELDORADO  AND   HYLAS.  177 

And  now,  as  to  my  present  condition.  In  two  hours  I  must 
start  for  Fire  Island,  about  sixty  miles  off,  on  the  Atlantic  shore. 
The  vessel  containing  Margaret  Fuller  d'Ossoli,  her  husband 
and  child,  Horace  Sumner,  of  Boston  (brother  of  Charles),  and 
Powers'  statue  of  Calhoun  was  wrecked  there  in  the  hurricane, 
and  it  is  believed  that  all  are  lost.  I  am  going  to  do  what  I  can, 
and  if  the  bodies  are  washed  ashore  to  bring  them  up  to  this 
place.  I  may  be  back  to-morrow,  certainly  on  Wednesday.  We 
have  just  received  the  news  ;   it  is  terrible. 

This  may  prevent  my  seeing  thee  before  the  last  of  next  week. 
If  I  possibly  can,  I  will  go  on  Saturday,  but  must  return  in  the 
midnight  train  the  same  day.  I  hope  to  hear  from  thee  to-mor- 
row. I  have  not  time  to  send  more  than  a  single  word  home. 
Please,  therefore,  to  let  mother  see  this  letter,  if  she  should 
come  to  see  thee.     I  will  write  again  on  Wednesday,  in  any  case. 

New  Yoek,  July  24,  1850. 

I  cannot  leave  this  week.  I  have  just  returned  from  the  wreck 
at  Fire  Island,  and  after  losing  two  nights  and  wading  about  all 
day  in  the  toilsome  sand  I  feel  quite  incompetent  to  go  to  Ken- 
nett  and  back  on  Saturday  and  Sunday,  even  if  I  could  con- 
veniently leave,  —  which  I  can't.  Charles  Sumner  was  down  yes- 
terday, to  look  for  his  brother's  body.  It  is  a  most  distressing 
thing.  The  ship  is  beaten  to  fragments,  and  every  article  washed 
ashore  was  stolen  and  carried  off  by  the  pirates  who  live  along 
the  coast.  Neither  M.  Fuller  nor  her  husband  has  been  found. 
Their  child  is  buried  in  the  sand.  Powers'  statue  lies  in  the  sea, 
together  with  three  hundred  tons  of  Carrara  marble.  It  is  hoped 
M.  F.'s  history  of  the  "  Revolutions  in  Italy  "  has  been  saved. 
Her  mother,  brother,  and  Mr.  Thoreau  of  Concord,  are  now  here. 

I  shall  certainly  get  home  next  week,  and  will  write  again  on 
Friday.  Why  have  I  not  had  a  letter  ?  Eight  days,  —  it  is 
months  ;  at  least  my  travels  in  that  time  make  it  seem  so.  I  am 
very  anxious  to  hear  from  thee.  Thou  shouldst  be  much  better 
by  this  time.  If  we  cannot  make  that  excursion  together  when 
I  go  home,  don't  give  thyself  trouble  on  my  account.  I  would 
sooner  see  thee  well  than  see  thee  as  my  wife,  and  God  knows  I 
cannot  express  more  solicitude  than  these  words  contain. 

Be  cheerful  and  in  good  heart.  It  will  be  only  ten  days  till  I 
see  thee.  But  write  to  me  in  the  mean  time,  —  but  a  line,  if  thou 
canst  no  more,  —  or  at  least  tell  some  one  to  write  to  me. 

vol.  i.  12 


178  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

I  shall  write  more  the  next  time.     I  am  now  hurried  on  all 
sides.  ~ 

MARY  AGNEW  TO  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Friday,  July  26,  1850. 
Many  thanks  for  the  letters  that  have  reached  me  this  week  ; 
they  found  me  in  bed,  in  pain  and  suffering,  and  have  done  me 
more  good  than  thou  canst  imagine.  It  was  so  gratifying  to  hear 
of  thy  visit  and  thy  success.  I  knew  it  would  be  so,  it  could  not 
be  other,  and  delightful  to  hear  of  those  with  whom  thou  hast 
been.  Thy  last  one  came  last  night.  I  very  much  fear  that 
after  so  much  exposure  thou  wilt  be  sick.  Do  keep  well,  and 
come  home  soon.  I  hoped  I  would  see  thee  this  week,  but  as 
that  cannot  be  I  will  wait  patiently  till  next  week  ;  thou  wilt 
come  then.  Thou  sayest,  "  Why  have  I  not  had  a  letter  ?  "  I 
put  off  writing  until  Sunday,  thinking  that  perhaps  I  might  hear 
from  thee  on  Saturday.  When  Sunday  came  it  was  a  beautiful 
morning,  and  I  thought  I  must  take  a  ride.  I  went  as  far  as  thy 
father's,  and  against  I  got  back  I  was  so  fatigued,  and  coughed 
so  much,  that  it  was  impossible  to  write  intelligibly.  Monday  I 
was  not  near  so  well,  and  since  Tuesday  morning  I  have  not 
sat  up  any,  till  this  morning,  on  account  of  pain  and  soreness 
in  my  breast.  I  am  much  better  now  ;  am  sitting  up  writing 
this,  while  there  is  no  one  in  the  room  to  chide  me  for  it.  I  felt 
as  if  I  must  write.  I  would  have  got  some  one  to  have  written 
to  thee  before  this,  but  I  still  thought  perhaps  thou  wouldst  be 
home  this  week  ;  now  when  thou  art  not  coming,  thou  must 
hear  from  me.  I  cannot  tell  thee  particulars,  because  it  takes  so 
much  writing  to  tell  so  little.  Thou  wilt  soon  be  home,  dear 
Bayard  ;  we  can  then  talk  everything  over,  and  thou  canst  tell 
me  what  is  to  become  of  me.  Oh  !  I  long  to  see  thee  and  talk  to 
thee  ;  there  is  no  one  else  I  can  talk  to  as  I  wish.  Why  is  it  that 
we  are  so  much  apart  ?  Sometimes  I  think  there  is  a  more  cruel 
destiny  yet  awaiting  us.  God  grant  that  it  be  not  so.  Pray  ex- 
cuse the  defects  of  this  letter.  I  am  not  fit  to1  write,  but  I  felt 
as  if  I  must  send  thee  a  few  words  after  such  a  long  silence.  I 
know  thou  wilt  forgive  every  fault.  Write  soon  as  thou  receivest 
this,  and  tell  me  when  I  may  look  for  thee.  I  hope  to  see  thee 
in  a  week.     May  God  bless  thee  and  keep  thee  well  and  happy. 


ELDORADO  AND  HYLAS.  179 


BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 

Tribune  Office,  July  29,  1850. 

He  who  gives  this  to  you  is  R.  H.  Stoddard,  who  as  a  poet  and 
one  of  my  best  friends  should  be  one  of  yours.  You  know  him 
already,  and  I  need  say  no  more. 

Many  thanks  for  the  papers  you  sent  me.  I  should  not  have 
made  much  of  a  figure  on  the  occasion  (before  the  public,  at 
least)  had  it  not  been  for  you.  Give  Whipple  my  sincerest 
thanks  for  his  cordial  notice  of  "  Eldorado  "  in  "  Graham."  I 
have  read  his  Oration  and  like  it  exceedingly,  but  his  article  on 
Wordsworth  seems  to  me  one  of  the  very  best  papers  he  has 
ever  written.  Ripley  has  written  a  notice  of  the  Oration,  which 
you  will  see  in  this  morning's  "  Tribune." 

Will  you  put  "  Hylas  "  into  an  envelope  and  forward  to  me 
within  three  or  four  days  ?  I  am  thinking  of  arranging  it  for 
publication.     I  will  print  my  "  Sicilian  Bacchic,"  too,  shortly. 

It  may  make  me  some  enemies  among  those  who  cant  of  mo- 
rality and  think  no  poetry  is  poetry  that  is  not  teetotal,  non-resist- 
ant, and  antislavery,  but  if  I  cared  for  that  I  should  deserve  to 
be  damned.  I  am  now  engaged  on  a  poem  of  considerable  length, 
entitled  "  The  Picture  of  St.  John."  It  will  not  be  finished  for 
several  months.     For  Heaven's  sake,  say  nothing  about  it. 

Pray  give  my  kindest  regards  to  Mrs.  Fields.  I  feel  that  I 
deserve  no  mercy  in  leaving  Boston  without  again  calling  at  your 
house,  and  did  I  not  know  you  so  well  I  should  expect  none.  I 
feel  most  grateful  for  the  kindness  I  received  from  every  one 
during  my  visit.  The  only  way  I  can  repay  it  is  by  trying  to 
deserve  it,  and  this  I  hope  to  prove  in  three  or  four  years,  God 
willing.  Somehow,  praise  for  what  I  don't  value  much  has  the 
effect  of  humbling  me  to  myself,  and  since  I  returned  I  have  felt 
like  a  beginner  in  literature  who  has  everything  yet  to  achieve. 
Good-by.     God  bless  you  and  yours. 


CHAPTER  VIII. 
MAKY   AGNEW   TAYLOR. 

1850. 

So  rarely  on  the  soul  the  joy  to  be 
Prophetic  dawns,  so  frequent  falls  the  shade 
Of  near  misfortune  I 

The  Picture  of  St.  John. 

Bayard  Taylor's  marriage  with  Mary  Agnew  had 
been  postponed  once  and  again  on  account  of  her  pre- 
carious health.  Now,  in  August,  she  was  in  so  alarm- 
ing a  condition  that  some  change  of  life  seemed  neces- 
sary to  arrest  the  progress  of  an  insidious  disease,  and 
Bayard,  leaving  his  work,  arranged  for  the  removal  of 
Mary,  attended  by  her  mother,  first  to  Philadelphia  to 
consult  a  physician,  and  then  to  West  Point  for  a 
breath  of  hill-country  air.  The  noise  and  excitement 
of  this  resort  were  unfavorable,  and,  by  good  fortune, 
a  place  was  found  at  Cornwall,  near  by,  where  the 
Willises  were  staying  ;  and  here  the  ladies  remained 
for  a  while,  Bayard  Taylor  returning  to  New  York, 
and  snatching  opportunities  to  escape  from  his  imper- 
ative occupation.  It  was  a  time  of  distraction,  of  al- 
ternate hope  and  fear,  of  anxiety  which  could  not  be 
laid,  and  yet  of  ardent  longing  to  conquer  the  diffi- 
culties in  the  way.  That  to  which  he  had  so  long 
looked  forward  receded  as  he  apparently  drew  near 
possession,  and  he  found  himself  in  an  agony  at  the 
prospect  of  loss. 


MARY  AGNEW   TAYLOR.  181 


TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Philadelphia,  August  9,  1850. 

We  reached  here  at  half-past  one  o'clock  yesterday  afternoon. 
Mary  sustained  the  fatigue  of  traveling  much  better  than  I  had 
expected.  Dr.  Morton  came  at  five  o'clock  yesterday.  He  made 
a  careful  examination,  both  by  sounding  and  questioning  as  to 
the  progress  of  the  disease.  He  says  there  is  no  action  in  her 
right  lung,  and  probably  never  will  be  again.  The  left  lung  is 
sound.  The  disease  is  partly  pleuritic,  and  the  only  chance  of 
her  recovery  is  hi  the  drying  up  of  the  right  lung,  to  effect 
which  everything  should  be  done  to  keep  up  her  strength.  Tbe 
only  thing  he  could  recommend  was  a  visit  to  West  Point,  which 
would  do  more  than  medicine,  or  indeed  any  other  course  of 
treatment.  Her  mother  has  agreed  to  go,  and  we  shall  leave  for 
New  York  to-morrow,  stay  in  the  city  till  Monday,  and  then  go 
up  the  Hudson.  Her  mother  will  stay  a  week  at  West  Point,  at 
least.  From  what  Morton  says  I  have  very  little  hope  of  the 
recovery.  There  is,  however,  the  more  need  to  do  everything 
possible.  I  am  very  glad  we  came.  Mary  is  as  well  as  usual 
this  morning,  and  has  a  much  better  appetite  than  for  some  time 
past.  She  does  not  seem  to  be  much  fatigued,  and  certainly 
looks  no  worse. 

New  York,  August  11,  1850. 

We  left  Philadelphia  yesterday  morning  at  nine  o'clock.  The 
day  could  not  have  been  better,  as  the  ram  had  laid  the  dust  and 
freshened  the  air.  Mary  bore  the  ride  in  the  cars  much  better 
than  we  had  expected.  We  reached  here  about  two  p.  M.,  and  shall 
leave  for  West  Point  to-morrow  morning  at  seven.  Mary  seems 
stronger  than  wben  we  left  home.  Her  appetite  is  much  better, 
and  she  goes  up  and  down  two  nights  of  steep  stairs  for  ber 
meals.  She  has  coughed  very  little  for  two  days,  but  in  other 
respects  is  not  much  improved.  I  do  not  know  whether  to  hope 
or  not ;  I  rarely  allow  myself  to  think  of  anything  but  tbe  worst. 
Since  she  has  come  thus  far,  I  do  not  want  her  to  go  back  again 
to  Kennett,  but  want  her,  when  she  leaves  West  Point,  to  be 
married  at  once  and  remain.  This  is  her  own  desire.  ...  I 
never  will  consent  to  her  staying  at  home  through  the  winter, 
and  she  has  promised  me  not  to  do  it,  whatever  may  happen. 

I  am  very  much  wanted  here  (at  the  office,  where  I  am  now 
writing),  and  shall  have  to  return  from  West  Point  in  four  or  five 


182  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

days.     However,  there  are  four  trains  a  day  thither  on  the  Hud- 
son River  Railroad,  and  I  can  go  up  every  day  without  difficulty. 

New  York,  Friday,  August  16,  1850. 

You  will  probably  have  heard  before  this  what  we  have  been 
doing.  I  arrived  here  last  night,  as  I  could  not  remain  away 
from  the  office  longer.  We  went  to  West  Point  on  Monday  last, 
but  Mary  did  not  like  the  place  at  all.  The  noise  was  too  great, 
and  the  hotel  was  so  crowded  by  visitors,  many  of  whom  knew 
me,  that  it  was  very  unpleasant  for  her.  Fortunately,  at  the  din- 
ner-table we  met  Willis  and  his  wife,  who,  by  the  merest  acci- 
dent, happened  to  be  there  on  a  visit.  They  proposed  at  once 
that  we  should  go  to  the  place  where  they  were  staying,  about 
eight  miles  off  in  the  country,  back  of  Newburgh  ;  and  the  next 
morning  we  took  the  boat  to  Newburgh,  and  rode  the  remaining 
four  miles  in  a  carriage.  We  found  the  place  a  quiet,  secluded 
farm-house,  on  a  natural  terrace  at  the  foot  of  the  Highlands, 
with  a  splendid  view  of  the  country  round,  and  a  purer  mountain 
air  than  one  gets  at  West  Point.  It  was  the  very  place  for 
Mary,  and  she  was  delighted  with  it.  The  people  are  plain 
farmers,  and  the  Willises  are  living  very  secluded,  seeing  scarcely 
any  one .  Mrs.  Willis  has  been  very  kind  and  attentive,  and 
Mrs.  Agnew  thinks  her  a  wonderful  woman.  I  stayed  there  two 
days  to  see  them  comfortably  settled,  and  then  came  down  here. 
I  shall  go  up  again  to-morrow  for  a  few  hours.  I  have  eight  or 
ten  chances  of  getting  there  and  back  every  day,  which  makes  it 
very  convenient. 

Mary  is  better  than  she  has  been  at  any  time.  She  walks  out 
a  short  distance  every  day,  and  feels  herself  much  stronger.  She 
has  had  but  one  slight  spell  of  coughing  since  leaving  Philadel- 
phia.   I  want  her  to  stay  here  till  the  first  of  September.  .  .  . 

The  sudden  coming  of  autumn,  with  cold  nights, 
made  it  wise  to  hasten  the  return  to  Kennett,  and 
both  Bayard  Taylor  and  Mary  Agnew  accepted  the 
necessity  with  a  good  grace,  for  they  persuaded  them- 
selves that  as  soon  as  preparations  could  be  made  they 
would  be  married  and  make  their  home  in  New  York, 
where  better  care  could  be  given  the  invalid.  There 
were  delusive  symptoms  in  the  disease  which  buoyed 
them  with  a  vain  hope. 


MARY  AGNEW  TAYLOR.  183 

Mary  Agnew  returned  to  Kennett  and  Bayard  Tay- 
lor plunged  into  his  work,  going-  to  his  home  whenever 
he  could  steal  a  chance,  and  keeping  up  an  anxious  cor- 
respondence with  his  mother.  He  was  casting  about 
for  every  possible  means  to  add  to  his  slender  income 
and  make  provision  for  his  married  life,  and  an  oppor- 
tunity occurred  in  the  furore  connected  with  the  com- 
ing of  Jenny  Lind.  "  The  American  Parnassus  was 
a  Bedlam  in  the  autumn  of  1850,"  says  Mr.  Stoddard 
in  his  Reminiscences,  already  quoted,  "and  Bayard 
Taylor  was  the  innocent  cause  of  its  madness.  The 
Prince  of  Showmen  had  imported  Jenny  Lind  to  sing 
before  his  admiring  countrymen,  and,  to  flatter  their 
national  vanity,  he  offered  a  prize  of  two  hundred  dol- 
lars for  an  original  song  for  her.  All  the  versifiers  in 
the  land  set  at  once  to  work  to  immortalize  themselves 
and  to  better  their  fortunes,  and  as  many  as  six  hun- 
dred confidently  expected  to  do  so.  Bayard  Taylor 
came  one  afternoon  early  in  September  and  confided 
to  me  the  fact  that  he  was  to  be  declared  the  winner  of 
this  perilous  honor,  and  that  he  foresaw  a  row.  '  They 
will  say  it  was  given  to  me  because  Putnam,  who  is 
my  publisher,  is  one  of  the  committee,  and  because 
Ripley,  who  is  my  associate  on  the  "Tribune,"  is  an- 
other.' '  If  you  think  so,'  I  answered, '  withdraw  your 
name,  and  put  my  name  in  place  of  it.  You  shall  have 
the  money,  and  I  will  bear  the  abuse.'  He  laughed, 
and  left,  as  I  thought,  to  do  what  I  had  suggested ;  but 
he  concluded  to  acknowledge  the  authorship  himself, 
and  stand  the  consequences.  The  decision  of  the  com- 
mittee was  published  next  day,  and  the  indignation 
of  the  disappointed  competitors  was  unbounded.  They 
rushed  to  all  the  editors  whom  they  knew  or  could 
reach,  and  these  sharp-witted  gentlemen,  having  an 


184  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

eye  for  mischief  as  well  as  fun,  published  their  prose 
and  their  verse,  which  ranged  from  an  epigram  up  to 
an  epic.  The  choice  of  the  committee  had  fallen  upon 
only  two  out  of  the  whole  number  of  manuscripts  which 
had  been  sent  to  them ;  and  being  in  some  doubt  as  to 
which  of  the  two  was  the  more  suitable  for  the  occa- 
sion, they  showed  both  to  Jenny  Lind,  who  chose  the 
shorter  one,  as  containing  the  feeling  she  wished  to  ex- 
press in  her  greeting  to  America.  It  happened  to  be 
the  one  which  Bayard  Taylor  had  written,  and  it  was 
accordingly  set  to  music  by  Jules  Benedict,  and  sung 
by  her  at  her  first  concert  in  Castle  Garden.  I  have 
recovered  this  unfortunate  lyric,  but  I  shall  not  quote 
it  here,  for  Bayard  Taylor  desired  to  have  it  forgot- 
ten." 

TO    JAMES    T.    FIELDS. 

Tkibune  Office,  September  17, 1850. 

Lowell  (who  was  here  a  few  minutes  ago)  happening  to  men- 
tion his  meeting  with  you  in  Albany,  I  was  reminded  that  I  had 
a  letter  owing  to  you,  and  the  more  need  of  writing  it  since  I 
have  a  word  or  two  to  say. 

Since  you  were  here,  I  scarcely  know  whether  I  am  on  my 
head  or  heels,  so  many  distracting  causes  there  are  to  bewilder 
me.  First,  this  Jenny  Lind  matter,  in  which  I  am  obliged  to 
mingle,  whether  I  will  or  not  ;  then,  my  business  affairs  to  care 
for,  and  they  need  considerable  looking  after,  just  now  ;  and  to 
fill  the  measure  of  my  trouble  to  overflowing,  Mary  is  much 
worse,  and  the  prospect  of  her  recovery  looks  dark  indeed. 

I  have  not  felt  like  my  proper  self  for  some  time  past,  and 
cannot  so  long  as  these  causes  continue. 

I  wanted  to  say  a  word,  however,  with  regard  to  the  Prize 
Song,  —  a  trifling  matter,  to  be  sure.  .  .  . 

As  far  as  I  can  learn,  the  committee  acted  with  entire  impar- 
tiality, and  till  the  decision  was  made  but  one  of  them  had  actu- 
ally recognized  my  writing.  Jenny  Lind,  also,  as  I  have  been 
told,  declared  that  she  would  sing  mine,  or  none  at  all.  Of 
course,  I  am  not  foolish  enough  to  attribute  this  to  any  merit  in 
the  song,  but  to  its  adaptation  for  the  occasion.  .  .  . 


MARY  AGNEW  TAYLOR.  185 

Remember  me  kindly  to  Mrs.  Fields,  and  Whipple,  and  Long- 
fellow. If  Heaven  is  propitious,  I  shall  yet  redeem  what  reputa- 
tion I  have  lost  by  the  degradation  of  winning  a  prize.  But  I 
cannot  write  or  do  anything  else  with  such  a  cloud  on  me  as  at 
present.  I  am  nearly  ready  to  give  up  all  hope,  and  look  for- 
ward to  a  life  lonely  and  darkened  where  it  most  needs  light  and 
.  sympathy.  .  .  . 

TO   MARY   AGNEW. 

New  York,  September  18,  1850. 

...  I  must  send  a  line  or  two  further  this  bright  morning,  al- 
though   is  still  out  of  town,  and  the  foreign  mail  is  in.  .  .  . 

I  have  a  great  deal  to  do,  but  bear  the  burden  without  complaint, 
and  so  make  it  lighter.  Lowell  and  his  wife  are  now  here  ;  I 
called  on  them  a  few  minutes  this  morning.  They  were  at  the 
concert  last  night,  and  of  course  are  in  raptures  with  Jenny 
Lind.  I  must  not  forget  to  tell  thee  that  I  had  occasion  to  call 
on  Jenny  a  day  or  two  ago,  and  spent  about  an  hour  talking  with 
herself  and  Mr.  Benedict.  She  is  one  of  the  most  charmingly 
natural  and  unaffected  women  I  ever  saw  ;  very  frank  and  cor- 
dial, and  as  simple  and  innocent  as  a  Swedish  peasant  girl.  There 
were  about  eight  thousand  persons  at  the  concert  last  night. 

I  have  not  written  anything  lately.  I  cannot  collect  my 
thoughts  sufficiently  amid  all  this  business,  and  when  I  have,  in 
addition,  a  constant  anxiety  about  thee.  If  I  could  but  hear 
that  thou  wert  improving  and  there  was  a  chance  of  thee  coming 
here,  I  should  be  better  satisfied.  At  any  rate,  when  I  go  home 
again,  whether  thou  art  able  to  travel  or  not,  we  must  have  the 
ceremony  performed.  .  .  . 

If  any  one  should  bring  thee  (which  is  very  likely)  some  ill- 
natured  notice  of  my  Jenny  Lind  song,  don't  let  it  trouble  thee 
in  the  least.  There  are  752  disappointed  candidates,  and  many 
of  them  have  a  chance  of  making  themselves  heard.  I  have  been 
assailed  in  a  great  many  quarters,  but  this  is  what  I  expected 
before,  and  I  don't  mind  it  in  the  least.  I  must  now  close,  but 
will  write  again  on  Friday. 

TO   GEORGE    II.   BOKER. 

Nkw  York,  September  19,  1850. 
Have  you  been  observing  how  delightful  a  flaying  I  am  under- 
going at  the  hands  of  every  sixpenny  critic  in  the  country  ?   It  is 


186  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

a  new  sensation,  I  assure  you,  and  you  will  readily  imagine  that  I 
would  rather  have  had  it  than  not.  I  care  nothing  for  the  song  ; 
it  is  poor  enough,  God  knows,  for  my  only  inspiration  was  the  hope 
of  getting  the  two  hundred  dollars  ;  hence  the  savage  manner  in 
which  it  was  torn  to  pieces,  line  after  line,  does  not  touch  me  in 
the  least.  I  look  on,  with  as  merciless  a  heart  as  the  fiercest  of 
them.  Some  have  gone  further,  however,  and  basely  attacked 
my  character  as  a  man.  This  I  cannot  forgive,  and  I  swear  to 
you  there  will  come  a  day  when  they  shall  repent  it.  However, 
I  don't  take  this  matter  at  all  to  heart.  Through  the  success  of 
the  song  I  have  one  creditor  less,  and  am  therefore  so  much 
nearer  to  that  point  where  I  need  contend  for  no  prizes,  nor 
write  at  the  temptation  of  any  man's  money.  I  may  confess  to 
you,  however,  that  at  times  I  feel  a  bitter  sense  of  degradation  in 
having  written  at  all,  and  my  success  seems  but  to  increase  it. 
This  is  a  proper  punishment  to  me  for  having  defiled  the  temple 
of  divine  Poetry.  Depend  upon  it,  I  shall  never  do  the  like 
again,  and  I  shall  not  fail  to  woo  her  with  prayers  and  penances 
till  the  fault  be  expiated,  and  she  admits  me  once  more  into  her 
priesthood. 

But  enough  of  this.  I  had  two  or  three  poems  partly  written, 
but  so  strong  is  this  consciousness  of  having  degraded  the  poetic 
faculty,  I  have  not  the  heart  to  touch  them  at  present.  I  inclose 
a  simple  little  tiling,  conceived  the  other  day  while  walking  on 
the  Battery.  All  I  have  aimed  to  do  is  to  imitate  in  the  metre 
the  rapid  rolling  to  shore  of  the  waves  under  a  fresh  breeze. 
The  repetition  of  the  last  line  seemed  to  be  demanded,  but  I  am 
doubtful  about  the  effect.  Now,  for  the  life  of  me,  I  can't  tell 
whether  it  is  worth  publication.  I  leave  the  thing  entirely  to 
your  judgment.  If  you  think  so,  you  may  give  it  to  Sartain  ;  if 
not,  light  your  cigars  with  it. 

[N.  B.  —  I  find  I  have  not  the  poem  with  me  here,  at  the 
office,  and  I  have  not  time  to  copy  it.  I  shall  send  it  in  a  day 
or  two,  and  the  instructions  will  hold  good.]  1 

I  see  Stoddard  about  twice  a  week.  He  has  commenced  work 
in  earnest,  and  intends  finishing  the  first  book  of  "  Proserpine  "  in 
a  week  or  two.  ...  I  have  sent  a  poem  of  his,  addressed  to  Jenny 
Lind,  to  "  Graham."  He,  as  well  as  myself,  is  delighted  with 
her.  She  is  to  me  a  complete  embodiment  of  Genius  in  Woman ; 
for  she  has  genius.  I  have  seen  in  no  one  more  of  its  truth,  its 
1  The  poem  was  The  Waves. 


MARY  AGNEW   TAYLOR.  187 

earnestness,  its  humility,  and  its  glorious  pride.  Now  I  am  not 
mad  about  her,  but  I  recognize  her  wonderful  faculty  and  rever- 
ence her  noble  character. 

Yet,  deeply  as  I  feel  the  enjoyment  of  her  music,  I  almost  re- 
gret that  it  is  part  of  my  business  to  hear  it.  The  news  from 
home  is  most  dispiriting,  and  all  joy,  even  of  the  intellect,  comes 
io  me  under  a  cloud.  Mary  is  much  worse  than  ever,  and  I 
have  made  up  my  mind  to  bear  the  worst  of  all.  I  can  no  longer 
hope  against  hope.  I  must  expect  to  live  a  life  darkened  where 
it  most  needs  light.  It  is  in  vain  that  you  would  attempt  to 
cheer  me  by  calling  the  gods  merciful.  Here  is  what  I  wrote,  on 
reading  your  letter  :  — 

You  comfort  me  as  one  that,  knowing  Fate, 
Would  paint  her  visage  kinder  than  you  deem ; 
You  say,  my  only  bliss  that  is  no  dream 

She  clouds,  but  makes  not  wholly  desolate. 

Ah,  friend !  your  heart  speaks  words  of  little  weight 
To  veil  that  Knowledge  you  have  learned  in  song, 
And  'gainst  your  solace  Grief  has  made  me  strong : 

The  Gods  are  jealous  of  our  low  estate  ; 

They  give  not  Fame  to  Love,  nor  Love  to  Fame ; 
Power  cannot  taste  the  joy  the  humbler  share, 
Nor  holy  Beauty  breathe  in  Luxury's  air, 

And  all  in  darkness  Genius  feeds  his  flame. 

We  build  and  build,  poor  fools  !  and  all  the  while 

Some  Demon  works  unseen,  and  saps  the  pile. 

I  thank  you  most  warmly,  my  dear  friend,  for  your  sympathy 
with  me.  God  knows  I  shall  need  it  in  the  desolation  that  is  to 
come.  I  will  try  to  bear  it  like  a  man,  but  when  I  think  of  her, 
poor  girl !  —  whose  only  dream  for  years  has  been  a  life  shared 
with  me,  and  now  to  be  cut  off  just  as  our  paths  joined  and  our 
hands  were  meeting,  no  more  to  be  divided  —  it  quite  unmans 
me.  But  I  should  not  burden  you  with  my  own  griefs.  Write 
to  me  soon. 

TO  MARY  AGNEW. 
Tribune  Office,  Friday  noon,  September  27,  1850. 

No  letter  yet.  The  equinoctial  has  come  on,  and  I  feel  very 
much  afraid  —  nay,  almost  sure  —  that  thou  art  not  so  well.  The 
dreary,  melancholy  November  days  will  soon  be  at  band,  and 
what  must  I  do  ?  Is  there  no  chance,  no  hope,  of  my  seeing  thee 
in  New  York  before  the  winter  comes  ?  Is  it  not  possible  for 
thee  to  travel  so  far  ?  If  it  be,  pray  get  ready  at  once,  and  come 
home  with  me  next  week.     I  hope  to  see  thee  next  Monday  ; 


188  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

probably  Monday  forenoon,  but  of  tbat  I  am  not  certain.  Unless 
I  bear  from  some  one  to-morrow  (Heaven  grant  it  may  be  tbou  !) 
I  sball  bave  bttle  peace  till  I  reacb  borne.  As  long  as  I  do  not 
bear,  I  bave  not  heart  to  bope. 

I  am  tolerably  strong,  but  bave  still  a  little  uneasy  feeling 
in  my  breast.  Tbat,  bowever,  is  fast  wearing  away,  and  will  not 
trouble  me  much  more.  It  is  a  terrible  stroke  of  fate  tbat  tbou 
sbouldst  be  so  dangerously  ill,  wben  in  all  other  respects  Fortune 
is  so  gracious.  Scarcely  a  day  passes  but  some  pleasant  recogni- 
tion is  given  me.  I  was  invited  last  Friday  to  dine  with  Ban- 
croft and  Cooper  ;  on  Saturday  with  Sir  Edward  Belcher  and 
Herman  Melville  ;  on  Monday  I  was  applied  to  by  the  Phila- 
delphia Mercantile  Library  Society  to  deliver  a  lecture  for  them, 
and  be  paid  seventy-five  dollars,  and  so  on,  day  after  day.  These 
things  seem  like  mockeries,  sent  to  increase  my  bitterness  of  heart. 
Again  my  friend  and  brother,  Boker,  has  been  gloriously  success- 
ful, and  I"  can  give  him  but  half  the  joyous  congratulation  that  I 
ought.  There  may  be  some  severe,  chastening  lesson  in  all  this, 
but  I  am  too  weak  and  blind  to  see  it.  I  would  give  all,  and 
more  than  all,  I  possess  to  look  on  the  future  with  the  same 
happy  security  as  last  spring.  But  I  should  write  to  cheer,  not 
to  sadden  thee,  and  unless  I  could  cheer  I  had  much  better  be 
silent.  I  shall  hardly  need  to  write  again  before  my  visit.  God 
bless  thee  ! 

TO   GEORGE   H.  BOKER. 

New  York,  October  8,  1850. 
God  bless  you  for  your  words  of  sympathy  to  me  in  these  my 
dark  days  !  I  cannot  tell  you  how  your  letter  touched  my  heart 
and  softened  the  bitterness  of  its  grief.  I  do  not  write  to  burden 
you  with  my  own  trials,  to  sadden  you  for  my  sake,  but  I  must 
say  that  it  is  inevitable.  I  must  lose  her.  I  cannot  implore  God 
to  spare  her  now,  for  it  is  too  late  ;  1  shall  have  but  few  more 
days  with  her  on  earth.  It  was  a  terrible  struggle  to  keep  my 
heart  from  rising  in  rebellion  against  Him,  but  the  first  agony  of 
the  trial  is  over,  and  I  am  now  too  dead  and  benumbed  in  soul 
for  tbat.  I  have  foreboded  this  from  the  beginning,  but  I  shut 
my  eyes  and  would  not  see  it.  She,  too,  poor  girl  !  her  whole 
life  has  been  full  of  trouble,  for  my  sake,  and  all  her  hope  was 
to  join  me  at  last  and  share  my  destiny.  I  never  knew  what  I 
could  bear  till  I  saw  her  grief.  But  it  will  not  do  to  write  thus, 
—  you  know  it  all.  .  .  . 


MARY  A GNEW   TAYLOR.  189 

I  was  at  home  a  day  last  week.  I  found  Mary  greatly  changed, 
and  I  only  returned  to  make  arrangements  to  leave  here  for  two 
or  three  weeks,  so  that  I  may  he  with  her  till  the  hour  comes.  I 
expect  to  leave  to-morrow,  and  may  see  you  on  the  way,  hut 
camiot  tell.  I  have  been  detained  so  long  here  that  there 
will  be  no  time  to  lose.  But  you  must  write  to  me  when  you 
■can.  .  .  . 

I  was  obliged  to  deliver  a  poem  before  the  societies  of  Colum- 
bia College  last  night,  according  to  appointment.  It  was  an  affair 
of  somewhat  more  than  two  hundred  lines,  — heroics,  about  equal 
to,  or  perhaps  better,  than  my  Harvard  poem.  I  wrote  nearly  the 
whole  of  it  on  Sunday  night,  for  I  could  not  sooner  bring  my 
hand  to  touch  the  hated  task.  It  was  the  most  arduous  piece  of 
work  I  ever  accomplished.  I  wondered  at  my  good  fortune,  till 
Stoddard  learned  to-day  that  the  same  day  was  your  birthday. 
Certainly,  as  your  good  Genius  of  Poetry  hovered  over  you,  con- 
secrating you  to  fresh  toils,  he  must  have  touched  me  with  the 
tip  of  his  wing.     "  This,  too,  do  I  owe  to  thee,  Giaffar  !  " 

TO   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  October  22,  1850. 

Your  note  came  last  night,  but  not  so  soon  as  I  expected  it, 
or  required  it.  What  you  say  about  "  Proserpine  "  rejoiced  me 
greatly.  Go  on  with  your  cry  to  Melpomene  (may  the  divine 
muse  hear  and  bless  you  !),  and  don't  touch  the  first  book  till  I 
see  it.  If  you  work  as  you  ought,  you  should  finish  the  second 
book  before  the  year  is  out. 

My  head  is  swarming  with  ideas,  an  entirely  new  growth,  — 
stronger,  freer,  and  sturdier,  but  springing  up,  alas,  without  the 
light  and  warmth  which  a  hopeful  heart  only  can  give.  I  have 
not  written  much,  though  the  call  is  upon  me  constantly.  I 
cannot  touch  the  "  St.  John  "  —  it  is  too  human  ;  it  comes  too 
near  to  my  own  sorrow.  If  I  can,  I  will  remove  something  else 
from  my  conscience.  There  are  two  subjects  pressing  upon  me, 
—  grand,  strong,  and  full  of  the  free  breath  of  the  woods  and 
hills.  This  calm,  serene  autumn  weather  fits  me  to  undertake 
them,  and  I  shall  try  to  do  something  before  I  return. 

My  dear  friend,  I  am  indeed  grateful  for  your  sympathy  with 
me  in  this  terrible  trial.  It  is  better  to  love  and  lose  than  neve; 
to  have  loved.  This  love  henceforth  shall  be  the  consolation, 
as  it  has  been  the  happiness,  of  my  life.     But  do  not  deceive 


190  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

yourself  or  try  to  deceive  me  with  words  of  hope.  There  is  no 
hope  ;  the  worst  is  certain.  She  may  linger  a  little  while  longer, 
—  it  may  be  weeks  or  it  may  be  months,  —  but  death  is  the  end. 
It  seems  to  me  that  the  crowning  bitterness  of  the  struggle  is 
over.  I  am  no  longer  rebellious  against  God,  as  I  have  been, 
but  try  to  yield  to  his  will.  I  see  now  a  thousand  warnings  to 
which  I  was  always  blind,  —  warnings  that  our  vision  of  love 
would  never  be  fulfilled.  .  .  . 

TO  JOHN  B.  PHILLIPS. 

Keiwett,  October  28,  1850. 

I  know  it  will  gladden  your  heart  when  I  tell  you  that  I  am 
writing  this  note  in  the  chamber  of  my  wife.  Yes,  after  all  our 
trials,  after  all  our  sorrows,  after  years  of  weary  waiting,  Mary 
is  at  last  my  own  wedded  wife,  and  will  die  bearing  my  name. 
This  is  a  poor  recompense  for  all  we  have  endured,  but  it  is 
something  wrested  from  an  unkind  destiny,  and  I  feel  it  as  a 
partial  consolation  in  my  grief.  Mary  seems  dearer  to  me  than 
ever  before  ;  and  while  I  thank  God  for  the  angel  he  has  given 
me,  I  try  to  subdue  the  impatient  grief  of  my  heart,  and  believe 
that  since  it  is  his  will  jbhat  she  must  di^  it  must  be  good.  I 
am  sitting  by  her  bedside  as T  write 'these  words.  She  is  paler 
and  weaker  than  when  you  were  here,  but  more  calm  and  saint- 
like in  her  pure  and  perfect  beauty.  There  is  no  hope  that  she 
can  survive  the  winter.  (God  !  what  terrible  words  are  these  !) 
I  try  to  be  strong,  —  to  be  patient,  and,  if  it  may  be,  resigned. 
We  have  had  some  heart-breaking  hours,  talking  of  what  is  be- 
fore us,  and  are  both  better  and  calmer  for  it.  I  was  reading  to 
her  from  the  Bible  the  other  day,  when  I  came  to  some  passages 
that  so  gently  and  tenderly  reproved  my  own  rebellious  heart  I 
could  scarcely  speak  for  a  gush  of  repentant  tears.  Since  then 
I  have  striven  hard,  and  am  now  patiently  bowed  to  God's  will. 
But  I  need  much  strength  for  all  the  agony  that  is  yet  in  store. 
Pray  with  me,  my  dear  friend,  that  she,  at  least,  may  be  sustained 
and  soothed  in  that  terrible  hour.  .  .  . 

We  were  married  on  Thursday  last,  the  24th.  There  were 
only  three  persons  present,  —  Mary's  parents  and  my  mother. 
...  I  shall  be  obliged  to  leave  for  New  York  to-morrow.  .  .  . 


MARY  AGNEW   TAYLOR.  191 


TO  MARY  AGNEW  TAYLOR. 
Tribune  Office,  Wednesday,  lp.  m.,  October  30,  1850. 
.  .  .  My  first  letter  as  a  husband  must  be  shorter  than  those  I 
shall  write  hereafter.  I  find  a  good  deal  of  work  waiting  for 
me.  My  substitute  was  not  very  satisfactory,  though  the  best  I 
.could  get,  and  there  has  been  much  gratification  expressed  on 
account  of  my  return.  If  I  were  free  of  all  pecuniary  obligation 
to  the  office  or  those  connected  with  it,  I  would  not  regard  this, 
but  leave  my  place  entirely,  to  be  with  you.  As  it  is,  I  will  do 
all  I  can.  It  is  a  great  trial  to  both  of  us,  but  most  to  thee  ;  yet 
it  seems  inevitable.  I  know  I  am  severely  blamed  by  many, 
who  think  it  a  matter  of  choice,  and  I  can  but  wonder  at  the  pa- 
tience with  which  thou  bearest  the  sad  necessity  of  separation.  I 
hope  it  will  not  be  long  this  time  ;  I  shall  certainly  see  thee  week 
after  next,  but  whether  the  first  or  last  part  I  cannot  now  tell.  .  .  . 
Trust  in  God,  my  dear  wife,  and  we  shall  learn  to  bear  this  bit- 
ter sorrow  meekly  and  patiently. 

New  York,  November  3,  1850. 
Your  letter  came  yesterday  morning,  as  I  had  hoped.  It  was 
a  great  joy  to  get  one  written  by  my  wife,  though  I  could  see 
from  the  hand  that  it  must  have  cost  you  much  trouble  to  write 
it.  I  had  hoped,  however,  to  hear  that  you  were  better.  My 
anxiety  is  not  relieved,  but  I  must  bear  it  two  days  longer,  as  I 
can  hardly  expect  another  letter  before  Tuesday  morning.  .  .  . 

I  have,  within  two  or  three  days,  written  a  poem  called  "  Au- 
tumnal Vespers,"  the  last  stanza  of  which  embodies  this  thought 
[of  submission].     It  was  written  with  a  chastened  feeling,  as 
yielding  to  God's  will,  which  made  me  strong  for  the  time,  or  I 
could  not  have  written  at  all.     This  expression  of  my  soul  has 
given  me  a  sort  of  mournful  comfort,  and  it  may  comfort  you  : 
Our  life  is  scarce  the  twinkle  of  a  star 
In  God's  eternal  day.    Obscure  and  dim 
With  mortal  clouds,  it  yet  may  beam  for  Him, 
And  darkened  here,  shine  fair  to  spheres  afar. 
I  will  be  patient,  lest  my  sorrow  bar 

His  grace  and  blessing,  and  I  fall  supine  : 
In  m)'  own  hands  my  want  and  weakness  are, 
My  strength,  0  God  !  in  Thine. 
My  dear  wife,  I  am  trying  to  look  calmly  on  the  future.     I 
foresee  that  it  will  be  stern  and  solemn,  yet,  with  God's  blessing, 


192  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

not  wholly  dark.  It  remains  for  me  to  do  what  I  have  sworn  to 
do,  as  a  Poet  and  a  Man,  with  a  more  true  and  conscientious  aim, 
—  more  than  ever  to  subdue  and  correct  the  restless,  unenlight- 
ened impulses  of  my  nature,  and  so  to  strive  with  all  that 
drags  us  down  to  the  degrading  level  of  the  world  that  I  may  at 
last  win  a  crown  worthy  to  be  worn  with  the  blessing  of  thy  love. 
Thou  wilt  be  ever  with  me  in  this  struggle,  and  I  suspect  it  will 
not  last  very  long.  Forgive  me  for  speaking  of  this.  I  would 
not  have  you  add  my  sorrow  to  your  own,  and  I  wished  to  show 
the  fountain  whence  I  hope  to  draw  that  serene  strength  which 
purifies  the  heart  under  affliction.  It  is  wrong  for  either  of  us 
to  despair,  —  nor  do  we.  I  feel  like  a  child  worn  out  with  weep- 
ing, that  lies,  with  only  a  quiet  sob  now  and  then,  on  its  moth- 
er's breast.  I  am  shielded  by  the  arm  of  our  great  Father's 
love,  and  lie  trustingly  in  his  embrace.  Never,  never  has  God 
seemed  so  near,  so  kind,  and  so  tender. 

I  cannot  write  to  you  on  lighter  subjects  to-night,  dear  Mary. 
My  heart  is  full,  though  less  sad  since  I  have  shared  its  thoughts 
with  you.  .  .  . 

TO   R.   H.    STODDARD. 
Kennett  Square,  Chester  Co.,  Pa.,  November  19,  1850. 

I  cannot  write  much  to  you  to-night,  but  a  word  or  two  will 
be  enough  to  draw  something  from  you  in  return.  I  have  been 
here  six  days.  Mary  was  very  weak  when  I  reached  home,  and 
has  been  growing  weaker  ever  since.  It  seems  impossible  for 
her  to  live  many  days  in  this  condition.  I  find  it  a  hard  trial  to 
see  her  going  from  me  with  so  slow  and  certain  a  decay.  My 
own  health  is  already  shattered,  and  if  this  were  to  last  much 
longer  it  would  kill  me  outright.  It  is  very  hard  to  be  resigned 
to  God's  will  ;  do  what  we  may,  the  heart  will  at  times  rebel. 
I  have  done  nothing  ;  I  have  no  spirits  to  work. 

.  .  .  Did  you  see  the  Brooklyn  announcement  of  my  lecture  ? 
(  "  Bayard  Taylor,  the  successful  competitor  for  the  Jenny  Lind 
prize  "  !)  It  is  simply  infernal.  Is  that  damned  song  to  be  the 
only  thing  which  will  save  my  name  from  oblivion  ?  Stoddard, 
I  wonder  that  we  poets  are  not  Bedlamites  in  reality  ;  mankind 
must  certainly  think  us  fools.  Well,  we  have  this  advantage  : 
we  believe  no  more  than  we  choose  of  what  men  tell  us  of  our- 
selves, while  men  believe  everything  that  we  tell  them  of  them- 
selves. 


MARY  AG  NEW  TAYLOR.  193 

It  is  late  at  night.  I  am  alone  in  our  old  homestead.  The 
wind  is  whistling-  dismally  in  the  trees,  and  the  lire  has  gone 
down.  I  feel  too  sad  and  desolate  to  stay  awake,  and  will  leave 
you  with  a  short  good-night. 

TO  JOHN  B.  PHILLIPS. 
Kknnett  Square,  Pa.,  November  23,  1850. 
It  is  after  dark,  this  raw,  dismal  night.  The  fire  is  simmer- 
ing and  nickering  warmly  on  one  side  of  me,  and  Mary  lies 
asleep,  or  nearly  so.  I  have  bethought  me  of  my  promise  to 
write,  but  I  have  nothing  very  cheerful  to  say.  Mary  is  still 
weaker  ;  she  cannot  last  long,  and  yet  the  principle  of  life  seems 
so  strong  in  her  frame  that  sometimes  it  is  impossible  for  me  to 
realize  that  she  must  die.  However,  I  am  fully  resigned  to  that, 
and  God  has  given  me  strength  to  bear  it.  I  camiot  stay  with 
her  much  longer,  and  she  seems  so  to  cling  to  me  as  the  only  com- 
fort left  her,  that,  as  you  may  easily  understand,  my  situation  is 
very  painful.  This  constant  anxiety  of  mind  has  at  last  begun  to 
affect  my  health.  Since  last  May  I  have  gone  through  more  than 
I  supposed  it  possible  for  me  to  bear,  and  it  will  be  some  time 
before  I  can  recover  from  the  effects  of  it.  But  I  have  resolved 
to  endure  my  trials  manfully,  to  learn  patience  and  submission. 
It  seems  cowardly  to  shrink  from  the  pain  of  my  grief.  No 
doubt  God  sent  it  for  some  wise  purpose,  and  I  must  not  meas- 
ure his  decrees  with  my  weakness  and  blindness. 

Sometimes  it  seems  to  me  that  the  path  I  early  marked  out  for 
myself,  without  knowing  why  (but  the  aim  of  which  I  now  plainly 
see),  is  still  kept  for  me  to  tread.  May  there  not  be  a  destiny, 
distinct  and  unchangeable  from  the  cradle  to  the  grave  ?  Be 
that  as  it  may,  these  sorrows  have  lifted  me  into  a  purer  region 
of  poetry,  and  I  see  heights  to  reach  which  I  once  thought  above 
my  powers.     I  cannot  talk  of  them  now,  with  Mary  lying  pale 

md  quiet,  before  me.     I  am  writing  this  to  lay  a  spirit  of  unrest, 

.nd  you  must  pardon  my  incoherence.  .  .  . 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  November  29,  1850  (Friday). 
On  reaching  here  last  night,  after  an  absence  of  two  weeks,  I 
ound  your  note,  which,  as  it  is  not  dated,  may  have  been  here 
tearly  the  whole  of  the  time. 

VOL.   I.  13 


194  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

I  have  sent  your  notice  to  the  compositors  ;  it  may  partly  an- 
swer your  end,  though  so  late. 

That  I  have  not  written  you  will  readily  pardon  me  ;  though 
I  should  not  have  been  silent  so  long  had  I  not  supposed  you 
were  in  my  debt.  If  I  am  not  mistaken,  I  wrote  last.  How- 
ever, I  have  been  absent  half  the  time  for  the  past  three  months, 
and  so  disturbed  and  unhappy  while  here  that  I  had  no  heart 
to  write  to  any  one.  I  do  not  like  to  write  sadly  to  my  friends, 
and  I  have  not  been  and  am  not  able  to  write  cheerfully. 

Mary  is  sinking  rapidly  ;  she  cannot  possibly  survive  another 
month.  I  have  been  expecting  this  since  last  spring,  and  I  can 
scarcely  yet  resign  myself  to  the  blow. 

We  were  married  about  a  month  ago,  —  she  wished  to  bear  my 
name  for  a  few  days,  at  least.     Do  not  congratulate  me. 

I  feel  wretched  in  body  as  well  as  soul  ;  but  that  signifies  noth- 
ing. Those  who  are  terribly  afflicted  are  sure  to  live.  It  is  only 
the  fortunate  who  are  in  danger  of  death.  .  .  . 

TO   MARY   AGNEW   TAYLOR. 

New  York,  Sunday  afternoon,  December  1. 

It  was  so  mild  and  fair  this  morning  that  I  felt  strong  and 
cheerful  ;  but  now  the  clouds  have  come  over  the  sky,  and  my 
spirit  begins  to  sink.  However,  I  feel  less  depressed  than  when  I 
last  wrote,  though  very  anxious  to  hear  from  thee.  No  letter 
has  come,  as  yet,  but  I  still  hope  for  one  to-night. 

I  am  quite  busy,  so  that  I  have  not  yet  finished  my  lecture.  I 
find,  however,  that  it  need  not  be  so  long  as  I  supposed.  I  am 
obliged  to  write  an  article  on  California  for  the  Whig  Almanac, 
which  will  take  about  two  days.  The  printers  have  been  waiting 
for  me  two  or  three  weeks.  Greeley  came  back  this  morning  ;  I 
have  not  yet  had  any  conversation  with  him.     It  is  now  pretty 

nigh  settled  that will  not  go  to  Washington.     I  can  very 

nearly  promise  positively  to  reach  home  on  Wednesday.  I  must 
finish  this  California  article,  which  I  cannot  do  at  home  on  ac- 
count of  not  having  the  Tribune  files.  I  hope  to  get  through  in 
time  to  leave  Wednesday,  but  will  not  be  later  than  Thursday. 
So,  you  see,  the  half  of  our  absence  is  already. over. 

Boker's  play  was  given  for  the  last  time  last  night.  I  went  to 
hear  it,  and  was  delighted,  though  it  was  badly  acted.  Stoddard 
came  to  me  yesterday.  He  is  unwell  and  dispirited,  but  I  be- 
lieve he  will  live  long  enough  to  do  great  things.     Greeley's  boy 


MARY  AGNEW  TAYLOR.  195 

has  twice  sent  a  message  to  me  from  the  spirit-world,  —  at  least, 
a  request  to  speak  to  me.  He  lately  rapped  out  ou  the  floor  a 
number  of  lines  of  poetry,  which  are  said  to  be  quite  good.  In 
spite  of  all,  I  will  not  believe  that  intelligent  souls  pass  their 
future  lives  in  such  trifling  employment. 

I  think  I  shall  write  once  again  before  I  leave.  I  have,  I  be- 
lieve, told  thee  everything  that  can  interest  thee.  I  look  for- 
ward with  joy  (the  best  joy  I  have  left  me)  to  the  prospect  of 
being  with  thee  again. 

TO   GEORGE   H.    BOKER. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  December  4,  1850. 

Your  letter  reached  here  the  day  after  I  left  for  New  York, 
and  I  did  not  receive  it  till  my  return  to-day. 

I  hardly  need  tell  you  how  much  I  regretted  my  absence  from 
New  York.  What  might  we  not  have  said  in  two  weeks  !  I  had 
discovered  a  new  beer-house  which  I  thought  would  be  exactly  to 
your  taste,  where  we  could  have  a  quiet  hour  now  and  then. 
But  while  you  were  in  New  York  I  was  here,  watching  at  the 
bedside  of  my  dying  wife,  and  more  wretched,  in  body  and 
mind,  than  I  have  ever  been  before.  Mary  has  been  sinking  with 
fearful  rapidity  for  the  last  week  or  two,  and  she  is  now  very 
near  her  end.  During  my  absence  of  two  or  three  days  in  New 
York  the  expression  of  her  countenance  has  wholly  changed. 
The  lines  are  sunken,  as  in  death,  and  the  eyes  are  large,  clear, 
and  strangely  bright.  She  is  radiantly  beautiful,  but  it  is  not 
the  beauty  of  earth.  She  can  speak  but  a  few  words  and  hi  the 
faintest  whisper.  It  almost  breaks  my  heart  to  see  her  suffer. 
I  have  just  left  her  for  the  night,  and  feel  very  weak  and  sad, 
but  can  no  longer  delay  sending  you  a  few  words.  I  bear  up 
under  all  this  sorrow  with  what  heart  I  have,  bow  myself  to 
God's  will,  and  look  to  Him  for  strength  when  the  last  trial  comes. 
It  is  unmanly  to  shrink,  when  Mary  herself  sets  me  such  a  di- 
vine example  of  patience  and  resignation. 

It  is  a  blessing  to  me  that  I  have  this  speech  of  poetry  to  em- 
balm and  consecrate  my  affliction.  I  experience  a  pious  joy  in 
writing  lines  which  will  link  our  names  to  the  same  destiny.  W  e 
have  loved  so  long,  so  intimately,  and  so  wholly  that  the  foot- 
steps of  her  life  have  forever  left  their  traces  in  mine.  If  my 
name  should  be  remembered  among  men,  hers  will  not  be  for- 
gotten. 


196  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

With  the  next  year  I  shall  commence  a  new  epoch  of  my  life. 
My  future  has  tumbled  into  ruin  ;  I  must  build  another.  I  shall 
take  new  resolves,  swear  new  vows,  and  think  new  thoughts.  I 
try  to  think  calmly,  now,  on  all  that  has  been  and  must  be,  and 
often  succeed  ;  but  when  I  sit  beside  Mary,  hour  after  hour, 
looking  on  her  pale,  wasted  face,  I  know  nothing  but  the  bitter- 
ness of  separation.  It  does  not  add  to  my  pain,  to  write  to  you, 
but  rather  relieves  it  for  the  time.  I  would  have  written  more 
frequently,  but  I  feared  to  oppress  you  with  my  sad  history. 
Pray  write  to  me  again  :  it  was  wrong  in  you  to  withhold  any 
news  of  yourself.  Believe  me,  my  dear  George,  I  have  the  same 
interest  in  your  doings  as  ever  :  if  my  thoughts  are  not  with  you 
as  frequently  as  in  brighter  times,  they  are  none  the  less  warm 
and  sincere.  I  shall  write  to  you  again  in  two  or  three  days.  I 
have  much  to  say  that  I  cannot  say  now. 

I  saw  the  last  night  of  the  "  Betrothal  "  in  New  York.  It  is 
even  better  as  an  acting  play  than  I  had  anticipated,  but  was 
very  badly  acted.  I  have  heard  nothing  but  good  of  it,  from  all 
quarters.  If  I  had  been  at  my  post,  I  would  have  smuggled  a 
notice  into  the  Tribune.     Good-by.     God  bless  you  ! 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  December  17,  1850. 

I  have  been  at  home  two  weeks  since  my  last  flying  trip  to 
New  York,  but  it  seems  as  many  months  !  I  think  I  have  never 
been  more  disturbed,  restless,  and  entirely  wretched  in  my  life. 
Mary  is  still  lingering  on,  sometimes  better  for  a  day  or  two,  and 
then  hanging  on  the  verge  of  death  ;  suffering  fearfully,  yet 
never  losing  her  quiet  patience.  I  have  been  with  her  almost 
constantly,  suffering  scarcely  less  than  she.  Perhaps  I  ought 
not  to  say  this,  but  I  have  still  more  to  bear  than  the  loss  of  her. 
It  seems  as  if  all  the  cares  of  my  life  are  crowding  up  in  the 
rear  of  this  great  calamity.  They  are  as  nothing  beside  it,  but 
they  help  to  bewilder  me,  and  shake  the  trust  and  courage  I  was 
beginning  to  attain.  Well,  God  is  above  us  all,  and  sees  the 
good  end  which  is  dark  to  us.  I  have  resolved  to  be  patient, 
but  cannot  succeed  as  I  ought. 

I  hoped  to  have  heard  from  you  before  this,  but  perhaps  your 
new  play  is  still  on  your  hands.  If  so,  I  will  forgive  your  writ- 
ing till  it  is  finished.  But  when  the  last  couplet  of  the  epilogue 
is  turned  to  your  liking,  sit  down  and  give  me  a  history  of  your- 
self for  the  last  month  or  two,  and  what  new  shores  are  looming 


MARY  AGNEW  TAYLOR.  197 

in  your  future.  Let  us  not  lose  sight  of  each  other's  hopes  and 
aspirations.  I  feel  a  powerful  change  working  in  myself,  but  as 
yet  I  can  only  dimly  see  to  what  it  is  tending.  Perhaps  to  noth- 
ing, I  sometimes  think.  If  sorrow  teaches  song  (a  cruel  teacher!) 
I  should  be  learning  a  great  deal.  .  .  . 

My  lecture  in  Philadelphia  comes  off  on  the  8th  of  January. 
I  have  two  in  progress  :  "  The  Animal  Man  "  —  a  glorification 
of  physical  life,  with  its  bearing  on  literature,  art,  etc.  —  and  "  The 
Life  and  Genius  of  Schiller."  Now,  which  of  these  subjects  is 
best  adapted  to  the  meridian  of  Philadelphia  ?  What  will  be 
the  character  of  my  audience  ?  Perhaps  you  can  give  me  some 
advice,  for,  being  my  first  appearance  there  in  that  capacity,  I 
naturally  desire  not  to  fail. 

So  Tennyson  is  laureate.  None  fitter  than  he,  and  in  him  the 
title  loses  none  of  the  glory  it  took  from  Wordsworth.  You 
spoke  of  "  In  Memoriam."  In  my  opinion  it  is  the  first  poem 
which  this  generation  has  yet  produced.  God  bless  him  for  tbe 
worthy  consecration  of  a  true  friendship  !  I  cannot  build  such  a 
monument  as  that  for  the  love  I  lose,  but  it  has  become  so  vital 
a  part  of  my  nature  that  if  I  live  at  all  it  will  live  with  me.  I 
am  glad  you  understood  so  readily  the  feeling  with  which  I  wrote 
the  poern  I  sent  you. 

TO   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  December  27,  1850. 

It  is  over.  Perhaps  you  may  already  know  it,  but  I  wish  to 
tell  you  so  before  we  meet.  She  died  on  Saturday  last,  and  was 
buried  in  the  midst  of  that  cruel  storm  on  Monday.  She  is  now 
a  saint  in  heaven.  She  had  no  foes  to  pardon  and  no  sins  to  be 
forgiven.  God  help  me  to  be  worthy  of  her  guarding  care 
through  life  and  her  welcome  after  death  ! 

My  dear  friend,  I  cannot  now  write  to  you  more.  I  will  not 
attempt  to  tell  you  all  the  anguish  I  have  suffered.  I  have  sub- 
mitted myself  to  God's  will,  and  neither  hope  for  nor  desire 
consolation.  The  blow  has  shaken  me  terribly,  but  I  have  been 
strengthened  to  bear  it. 

I  shall  return  to  New  York  on  Monday  night  or  Tuesday 
morning,  and  hope  to  see  you  in  better  hopes  and  spirits.  God 
give  you  a  happier  fate  than  mine  ! 

Several  years  later,  when  writing  to  a  friend  who 


198  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

had  lost  his  wife,  Bayard  Taylor  recurred  thus  to  the 
period  of  his  own  loss :  "In  my  case  all  mention  of 
what  I  had  suffered,  even  that  which  was  meant  for 
sympathy  and  condolence,  gave  me  pain,  and  I  knew 
not  what  I  could  say  to  you  which  might  not  wound 
more  than  it  would  cheer.  ...  I  cannot  attempt  to 
console  you.  All  such  attempts  are  useless.  There 
must  be  a  great  gulf  of  time  between  you  and  your 
sorrow  before  you  can  contemplate  it  calmly,  and 
speak  of  it  without  pain.  In  fact,  that  you  can  never 
expect  to  do.  But  you  must  force  yourself  to  think 
of  something  else,  —  you  must  shut  your  eyes  on  the 
past,  for  a  time,  if  you  would  have  peace.  There  is  no 
doubt  a  terrible  reproach  in  your  grief,  as  there  was 
in  mine,  —  that  of  not  having  sooner  taken  your 
heart's  fortune  into  your  own  hands,  of  not  having 
disregarded  all  worldly  considerations,  and  united  your 
fates,  leaving  the  future  to  God.  There  is  no  cure  for 
this  reproach ;  you  must  resolutely  turn  away  from  it." 

How  impossible  it  was  for  himself  to  get  away  from 
the  memory  of  what  had  been  appears  in  a  letter  to 
E.  C.  Stedman,  written  October  31,  1866,  in  which  he 
says,  "  These  sad  autumnal  days  depress  me  unaccount- 
ably. I  count  the  growth  of  the  night  with  a  sort  of 
horrible  shrinking,  and  shall  not  recover  my  elasticity 
until  the  21st  of  December  is  over,  and  the  sunshine 
begins  to  return.  I  suppose  it  is  partly  constitutional, 
and  partly  the  result  of  association." 

The  closing  entry  in  Bayard  Taylor's  journal  for 
1850  is  a  prayer,  written  on  the  last  night  of  the 
year :  — 

"  Almighty  Father,  who  knowest  the  burden  of 
every  heart,  help  me  to  bear  the  cruel  sorrow  which 
has  fallen  upon  me.     Remove  the  weakness  and  blind- 


MARY  AGNEW  TAYLOR.  199 

ness  of  my  rebellious  soul,  that  I  may  see  thy  ways 
more  clearly,  and  still  the  outcry  of  my  heart.  Soften 
the  bitterness  of  my  grief,  that  I  may  not  fail  to  praise 
Thee  and  love  Thee  with  the  same  confiding  spirit  as 
of  old.  Let  me  believe  that  Mary  has  been  gathered 
to  thy  bosom,  in  mercy  to  her,  and  not  in  chastisement 
to  me.  Let  me  know  that  she  is  still  near  me,  that 
she  watches  me  in  my  desolation,  that  she  will  wel- 
come me  to  a  purer  life  when  I  pass  away  from  this. 
Suffer  me  to  become  all  that  she  hoped  of  me,  all  that 
I  believe  I  may  become,  if  thy  blessing  sanctions  the 
labors  of  my  life.  Help  me  to  be  purer  and  better 
than  I  yet  have  been ;  help  me  to  toil  more  zealously 
and  faithfully  than  I  yet  have  toiled.  All  that  I  have 
I  have  from  Thee ;  let  the  powers  Thou  hast  given  me 
ripen  to  the  fulfillment  of  my  best  aims,  the  completion 
of  my  destiny." 


CHAPTER  IX. 

A  BOOK    OF  KOMANCES,  LYRICS,    AND   SONGS. 

1851. 

So  feeling  dead,  Art's  habit  held  me  bound  ! 

The  Picture  of  St.  John. 

When  the  strain  under  which  Bayard  Taylor  had 
been  living  was  relaxed,  there  followed  a  period  of 
dull  pain  which  made  it  difficult  for  him  to  rouse  him- 
self to  any  activity.  He  resorted  to  his  friends  rather 
than  to  his  poetry.  He  began  to  look  forward  to  some 
distant  plan  of  travel,  and  meanwhile  plodded  on  with 
his  daily  editorial  work,  answered  one  or  two  calls  to 
lecture,  and  made  infrequent  visits  home.  It  was  pain- 
ful for  him,  however,  to  be  at  Kennett,  and  he  preferred 
having  a  visit  from  his  father  and  mother  and  Mary's 
father.  His  financial  affairs  were  steadily  improving ; 
he  remarks  in  a  letter  to  his  mother,  written  early  in 
the  year,  that  he  had  balanced  his  accounts,  and  found 
that  he  had  exactly  three  thousand  dollars  more  than 
he  owed,  and  by  investments  in  Tribune  stock,  which 
was  very  remunerative,  he  looked  forward  to  a  speedy 
release  from  all  the  drudgery  of  editorial  work. 

Although  robust,  he  felt  the  effect  upon  his  constitu- 
tion of  long-continued  labor  and  anxiety,  and  early  in 
the  spring  began  to  consider  the  possibility  of  again 
setting  out  on  his  travels.  There  was  a  talk  at  the 
Tribune  office  of  sending  a  correspondent  to  Central 


A  BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  201 

America,  and  he  thought  he  might  go ;  but  the  plan 
fell  through,  and  soon  his  old  desire  to  see  the  East 
took  possession  of  him,  and  he  made  his  arrange- 
ments to  go  abroad  in  the  fall  as  soon  as  Mr.  Greeley 
should  return  from  London,  where  he  had  gone  to  re- 
port the  World's  Fair.  He  made  diligent  study  of 
books  to  qualify  himself  for  the  journey,  and  also  set 
his  own  house  in  order.  He  accepted  from  Mr.  Put- 
nam the  task  of  editing  a  "  Cyclopaedia  of  Literature 
and  the  Fine  Arts,"  for  the  money  which  it  would  bring 
him  ;  but  gave  his  special  attention  to  preparing  for 
the  press  a  volume  containing  the  best  of  the  poems 
written  since  the  publication  of  "  Rhymes  of  Travel." 
He  wrote  a  few  poems  chiefly  under  the  impulse  which 
the  new  book  offered,  but  labored  more  constantly  in 
revising  those  which  he  designed  for  the  volume.  He 
wished  to  gather  his  past  work  and  leave  it  in  order, 
for  he  felt  that  the  future  held  other  forms  of  verse 
and  fuller,  larger  life.  He  was  slowly  rising  from 
under  the  weight  of  sorrow. 

TO   GEORGE    H.   BOKEE. 

New  York,  January  1,  1851. 

It  is  a  great  deal  to  thank  God  as  fervently  as  I  do  now,  in  the 
midst  of  my  grief.  Your  earnest  and  ready  sympathy  was  my 
greatest  support  in  the  terrible  time  that  is  over,  and  now  this 
noble  proffer  of  your  love  is  the  only  thing  in  the  world  that 
could  cheer  and  encourage  me    .  .  . 

This,  the  beginning  of  the  year,  the  turning-point  of  the  cen- 
tury, seems  to  me  like  the  beginning  of  a  new  career.  I  hope 
to  live  a  nobler  and  better  life  than  I  have  yet  done.  If  it  is 
lonely  and  blighted  on  one  side,  it  will  still  be  happy,  so  long  as 
you  are  spared  to  me. 

New  Toek,  January  25,  1851. 
This  is  the  third  effort  I  have  made  at  writing  to  you  within  a 
week,  and  as  I  have  all  Saturday  night  before  me  I  hope  to  get 


202  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

on  without  interruption.  I  have  been  constantly  busy  and  per- 
plexed since  your  letter  came.  The  perplexity  is  now  over,  but 
the  business  remains.  My  pecuniary  interest  in  the  "  Tribune  " 
required  arranging,  and  I  have  succeeded  in  establishing  it  in 
such  a  way  that,  if  no  misfortune  intervenes,  two  years  of  steady 
work  will  make  me  independent  of  all  minor  resources.  After 
buffeting  six  or  seven  years  with  these  contemptible  money  dif- 
ficulties, I  begin  to  se,e  smooth  water  ahead.  My  days  of  deg- 
radation are  over,  thank  God  ! 

.  .  .  What  you  say  about  a  dramatic  style  I  fully  appreciate. 
It  must  necessarily  be  of  slow  growth,  however.  The  same 
thing  has  been  a  torment  to  me  for  a  year  or  two,  and  I  am  just 
beginning  to  believe  that  I  have  a  poetic  individuality,  and  may 
in  time  give  it  expression.  Let  us  wait  five  years  before  we  be- 
gin to  despair. 

I  have  been  working  a  little  at  such  odd  hours  as  I  could 
snatch  from  my  tread-mill.  I  have  written  a  poem  of  near  two 
hundred  lines,  entitled  "  The  Summer  Camp."  1  If  it  is  not  an 
advance  in  some  material  points  I  shall  be  much  discouraged  ; 
yet  now,  while  the  reaction  is  on  me,  I  cannot  read  it.  "  St. 
John  "  is  untouched.  I  have  three  or  four  troublesome  spirits  to 
lay  before  taking  it  up  again.  Beside,  part  of  the  story  will  re- 
flect my  own  sorrow  too  keenly,  and  I  do  not  now  feel  strong 
enough  to  contemplate  it  face  to  face,  and  calmly  describe  its 
features.  The  old  spirit  is  stirring  again,  and  I  hope  to  do  a 
great  deal  before  the  spring  is  over.  Would  you  were  here,  that 
I  might  sometimes  have  your  counsel !  I  shall  not  publish  my 
last  poem  until  you  have  first  seen  it. 

So,  George,  you  have  found  out  my  weakness,  have  you  ? 
Well,  since  we  have  it  in  common,  there  is  no  use  in  trying  to 
conceal  or  suppress  it.  I  confess  to  a  most  profound  and  abid- 
ing tenderness  of  heart  towards  those  I  love,  whether  man  or 

i  General  Beale,  who  was  Bayard  Taylor's  traveling  companion  in  Cali- 
fornia, and  to  whom  he  dedicated  Eldorado,  wrote  to  him  after  the  appear- 
ance of  the  volume  containing  "The  Summer  Camp,"  "The  description 
of  California  summer  scenery  on  the  plains  is  the  finest  thing  you  have 
yet  accomplished ;  it  is  a  daguerreotype  of  nature  as  it  exists  there  in  the 
month  of  August.  Apart  from  your  very  kind  remembrance  of  me  in  it,  I 
admire  it  beyond  measure." 


A  BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  203 

woman.  There  is  much  more  than  an  intellectual  sympathy 
between  us.  I  trust  my  whole  nature,  good  and  bad,  in  your 
hands.  The  thought  of  your  sympathy  with  me  in  my  trials 
softens  me  as  nothing  else  can.  I  take  refuge  in  it  when  that 
wild  and  desolate  sense  of  wretchedness  creeps  over  me,  as  it 
sometimes  will.  But  I  am  not  so  blind  as  not  to  see  that  life 
still  keeps  many  joys  for  me,  and  that  by  singly  following  the 
voice  of  my  better  (poetic)  nature  I  may  make  it  glorious  to 
myself,  however  waste  and  profitless  to  the  world.  The  years  of 
labor  before  us  will  indeed  be  glorious,  working  hand  in  hand, 
helping  each  other  on,  and  achieving  at  last,  let  us  hope,  a  broth- 
erhood of  fame.  Dear  George,  is  it  too  much  to  anticipate  such 
a  destiny  ? 

Do  not  fear  as  to  the  epic  element.  I  am  working  up  to  it 
gradually  ;  my  ideas  begin  to  take  that  form.  In  addition  to 
"  St.  John,"  I  have  three  subjects  in  my  head  for  long  and  elabo- 
rate poems,  beside  half  a  dozen  such  transition  pieces  as  "  Kub- 
leh  "  and  "  Hylas."  I  think  I  know  exactly  how  much  of  the 
requisite  power  I  possess,  and  in  what  particulars  I  am  yet  want- 
ing ;  but  that  cannot  be  fairly  shown  without  trial.  I  am  deter- 
mined to  finish  "  St.  John  "  before  summer.  I  must  write  occa- 
sionally for  the  magazines,  for  I  cannot  yet  do  without  their  aid  ; 
but  I  think  of  preparing  several  prose  papers,  and  keeping  all 
my  poems  by  me  till  there  is  sufficient  for  a  volume. 

By  the  bye,  James  x  paid  me  a  very  elegant  compliment,  in  his 
speech  at  the  printers'  banquet  the  other  night,  referring  to  me 
as  the  best  landscape  painter  in  words  that  he  had  ever  known. 
This  is  something  from  an  Englishman,  but  it  humiliates  me  at 
the  same  time,  for  I  want  to  do  more  than  paint  landscapes,  or 
even  portraits,  —  St.  Johns  and  Holy  Families,  at  least.  But  it  is 
not  good  to  say  too  much  about  one's  aspirations,  when  their  ful- 
fillment, if  it  ever  come,  is  still  so  far  off.  I  have  given  you 
enough  of  what  would  be  egotism  to  any  one  else.  You  must 
expect  this,  however,  for  I  expect  it  and  desire  it  of  you. 

TO   JOHN   B.    PHILLIPS. 

New  Yokk,  February  19,  1851. 
Your  letter  reached  me  to-day.    I  am  very  glad  that  you  have 
written  to  me  so  frankly  and  fully  of  your  feelings  and  desires. 
What  you  say  surprises  me  somewhat,  since  you  never  intimated 
1  G.  P.  R.  James,  the  novelist. 


204  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

to  me  the  existence  of  this  current  in  your  nature  ;  but  it  also 
rejoices  me.  I  have  frequently  wondered  how,  with  your  keen 
and  vital  sympathy  with  all  that  is  great  and  glorious  in  litera- 
ture and  art;  with  your  sound  habits  of  thinking,  your  good 
judgment,  and  your  clear  and  comprehensive  view  of  human 
nature,  —  of  man  in  the  abstract,  —  how,  with  all  these  rare  re- 
quisites of  an  author,  you  had  never  been  visited  with  the  impulse 
of  utterance,  that  passionate  hunger  of  the  soul,  which  only  finds 
food  in  expression.  Now,  I  speak  coolly  and  impartially.  I  am 
not  looking  at  you  through  the  warm  light  of  our  long-tried  love ; 
I  place  you  in  the  clear  atmosphere  of  the  intellect,  and  try  to 
see  you  with  its  searching  eyes. 

I  think  I  wholly  understand  your  state  of  mind.  I  rejoice  in 
it,  as  I  have  said  ;  and  yet  I  scarcely  know  how  to  counsel  you. 
Are  you  aware  of  the  toil,  the  disappointment,  and  the  anxiety 
which  the  best  minds  must  endure,  often  for  a  long  time,  before 
there  is  the  first  dawning  of  success  ?  Have  you  ever  struggled 
with  your  own  thought  till  you  have  compelled  it  to  wear  the 
poor  livery  of  language  ?  Have  you  mastered  it,  and  wrought  in 
it  and  with  it,  as  a  sculptor  in  his  clay,  a  mechanic  with  his 
tools  ?  Have  you  been  tortured  by  reluctant  phrases  as  by  dev- 
ils, and  had  whole  days  of  sunshine  blackened  by  the  lack  of  one 
necessary  word  ?  Can  you  conquer  the  resistance  of  your  imag- 
ination, your  feeling,  your  reflection,  to  be  put  into  speech,  and 
make  the  very  heat  of  effort  serve  for  the  glow  of  a  genuine  in- 
spiration ?  Tell  me,  John,  not  whether  you  have  felt  all  this 
already,  because  that  could  not  be  ;  but  have  you  thought  of  it, 
—  have  you  a  glimmering  of  it,  when  this  desire  for  achieving 
something  better  is  uppermost  in  your  mind  ?  The  restless,  tor- 
menting necessity  of  giving  voice  to  his  individual  nature  makes 
the  author  ;  but  to  fulfill  this  necessity  is  labor  without  end.  The 
soul  must  sometimes  sweat  blood.  Nothing  great  is  achieved 
without  the  severest  discipline  of  heart  and  mind  ;  nothing  is 
well  done  that  is  done  easily. 

Now,  with  time  and  toil  and  discipline,  I  believe  you  can  do 
much,  —  enough,  at  least,  to  bring  you  into  that  charmed  circle 
of  artist  and  author  life,  which  is  the  only  real  life  of  this  world. 
Only,  if  you  begin  it,  you  must  expect  a  thorny  path  at  the  out- 
set. You  must  determine  to  work  hard  and  work  always  ;  to 
overcome  discouragement  and  despondency,  and  almost  despair  ; 
to  look  into  your  heart  of  hearts,  and  bring  up  to  the  light  the 


A   BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  205 

profoundest  experiences  of  your  life.  Besides,  you  must  have 
enough  confidence  in  yourself  to  lift  you  out  of  all  these  pits, 
and  enable  you  to  bear  the  unutterable  disgust  of  contemplating 
what  you  have  previously  done,  when  you  have  climbed  to  a 
hio-her  platform.  I  write  this  with  the  more  lively  sense  of  its 
importance,  since  I  am  at  this  moment  unable  to  read  a  Hue  I 
ever  wrote  without  a  hopeless  sinking  of  the  heart.  It  is  the 
natural  and  unavoidable  reaction  from  a  long  poem,  which  I  fin- 
ished two  or  three  days  ago. 

The  matter  stands  thus  with  me  :  As  a  poet,  I  would  join  with 
you  at  once  in  all  your  aspirations,  cheer  you  in  every  possible 
way,  and  rejoice  to  see  you  cut  adrift  from  all  your  previous 
associations,  and  laboring  with  a  single  soul  to  do  honor  to  the 
divinity  of  our  choice,  —  yours  and  mine  !  As  a  man  who  has 
seen  something  of  the  world,  I  shoidd  caution  you  against  has- 
tily breaking  up  your  present  connections,  if  in  so  doing  you 
incur  much  present  or  prospective  loss.  I  should  tell  you  that  it 
is  possible,  to  some  degree,  to  serve  both  God  and  Mammon,  — 
in  fact,  I  do  it  daily,  but  I  hate  Mammon  while  I  serve  him  : 
there  's  my  safety.  I  should  ask  you  whether  it  would  not  be 
well  to  commence  your  new  work  now,  devoting  all  your  leisure 
to  it,  and  all  your  time  and  fife,  as  soon  as  you  are  certain  of  a 
fair  provision  for  your  creature  wants.  These  latter  suggestions 
are  not  those  of  my  heart  ;  they  come  from  an  acquired  pru- 
dence and  caution  which  I  cannot  wholly  disregard.  Would  that 
you  were  here  for  a  day  or  two  !  Why  can  you  not  slip  away 
for  a  few  days  and  join  me  ?  We  might  then  settle  the  matter  in 
secret  conclave.  I  try  to  write  with  all  candor,  but  on  looking 
back  over  what  I  have  written  the  tone  seems  to  me  cautious 
and  guarded.  The  more  I  think  of  it  the  more  my  heart  enters 
into  your  plans,  but  I  do  not  wish  to  throw  its  heedless  enthusi- 
asm into  the  scale  in  so  important  a  matter. 

New  York,  March  6,  1851. 
I  have  been  looking  for  some  days  for  a  letter  from  you.  Why 
have  you  not  written  ?  I  am  anxious  to  hear  from  you  again, 
that  I  may  write  you  a  more  intelligible  letter  than  I  fear  my 
last  has  been.  I  wrote  that  letter  late  at  night,  with  not  the 
clearest  head  and  in  not  the  most  genial  mood.  I  was  suffering 
from  a  fit  of  intense  disgust  at  everything  I  have  ever  done.  The 
fit  has  partly  passed  off,  —  enough,  at  least,  to  make  me  desirous 


206  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

of  showing  a  more  active  sympathy  with  your  plans.  If  we 
could  but  talk  together  !  Why  can't  you  pay  me  a  visit  here, 
after  your  busy  spring  season  is  over  ?  At  all  events,  you  must 
meet  me  in  Kennett  in  three  weeks.  I  shall  stay  about  three 
days  at  home,  and  expect  to  deliver  my  lecture  in  the  Square. 

I  have  not  written  a  line  of  poetry  since  I  last  wrote  to  you, — 
cannot.  But  this  is  a  natural  revulsion,  after  getting  off  about 
five  hundred  lines.  I  am  miserably  ignorant  yet,  and  must  de- 
vote more  time  to  study,  or  give  up  the  hope  of  promotion. 

I  am  living  a  busy,  excited  life  here  —  scarcely  a  waking  mo- 
ment unoccupied.  This  is  best,  for  when  I  am  alone  and  unable 
to  write  —  given  up,  in  fact,  to  my  memories  —  the  sensation  of 
utter  loneliness  and  desolation  is  too  heavy  to  bear.  I  try  to 
look  the  future  steadily  in  the  face,  but  it  shows  me  such  a 
blighted  life  that  even  the  past  is  less  sad.  I  try  to  find  help  in 
the  recollection  of  God's  infinite  wisdom  and  mercy,  but  this 
seems  unavailing  to  stop  the  outcry  of  nay  heart.  Forgive  me 
for  this  ;  it  is  painful  for  me  to  write,  and  must  pain  you  to  read 
it.     But  I  seem  lost.  .  .  . 

New  York,  March  21,  1851. 
I  begin  to  feel  alarmed  at  receiving  no  word  from  you.  Why 
do  you  not  write  ?  What  did  I  write  to  you  ?  —  not  the  last  time, 
but  the  time  previous.  I  dashed  off  the  letter  late  at  night,  just 
after  receiving  your  letter  and  after  a  hard  day's  work,  when  my 
faculties  were  not  the  clearest.  I  have  but  a  glimmering  recol- 
lection of  the  general  drift  of  it,  but  something  seems  to  tell  me 
that  it  was  not  such  a  letter  as  I  ought  to  have  written.  The 
truth  is,  I  have  been  in  such  a  bitter  and  gloomy  mood  this  win- 
ter that  I  am  not  my  true  self  more  than  half  the  time.  I  can- 
not work  with  any  spirit  ;  another  such  winter  will  kill  me,  I  am 
certain.  I  shall  leave  next  fall  on  a  journey  somewhere,  —  no 
matter  where  ;  probably  I  shall  go  to  Italy,  Greece,  Egypt,  Pal- 
estine, etc.  (This  to  you  alone.)  I  can  do  so  without  much 
difficulty  or  loss  to  myself. 

TO   GEORGE    H.    BOKEK. 

New  York,  March  28,  1851. 
This  delicious  weather  gives  me  a  new  life  to-day.     Your  let- 
ter this  morning  found  me  in  a  mood  more  like  content  than  I 
have  felt  for  many  months,  and  I  read  it  with  a  deep,  subdued 


A   BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  207 

joy.  I  have  an  idle  hour  before  me,  and  I  cannot  flatter  this 
happy  mood  so  successfully  as  in  a  talk  with  you.  .  .  . 

I  look  forward  with  delight  to  the  prospect  of  meeting  you. 
I  shall  get  to  Philadelphia  in  the  Friday  morning  train,  and 
leave  on  Saturday  morning.  The  Central  American  trip  is  unde- 
cided, but  I  am  certainly  going  somewhere,  though  I  may  not 
leave  before  the  end  of  summer.  There  is  so  much  to  be  said  on 
this  subject  that  I  shall  wait  till  I  see  you.  AVhat  you  say 
about  yourself  at  the  same  time  gratifies  and  troubles  me.  I 
have  thought  the  same  thing  of  your  quiet  Philadelphia  life,  and 
I  am  glad  that  you  see  it  in  a  stronger  light  than  I  do  ;  but 
there  must  be  a  change  sometime.  Destiny  is  not  blind  ;  we 
think  we  are  groping  in  the  dark,  but  we  are  always  guided  by  a 
wise  hand.  Your  fetters  cannot  harm  you  much,  so  long  as  you 
feel  them  to  be  fetters.  And  yet,  sometimes,  I  think  such  fetters 
better  than  the  freedom  of  the  world. 

Do  you  know,  George,  that  I  have  a  similar  presentiment 
about  the  days  we  shall  spend  together.  When  it  will  be  I 
know  not,  for  mine  will  be  a  wild  and  wandering  career  ;  but 
there  will  come  a  time  when  we  can  lie  alone  under  the  summer 
trees,  and  look  upon  our  life  as  calmly  as  on  the  white  clouds 
along  the  sky. 

I  have  been  writing  a  little  at  times  ;  but  I  cannot  write  in 
the  old  vein.  My  old  ideas  and  sensations  are  going  from  me. 
I  trust  they  will  be  replaced  by  better.  .  .  . 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  April  19,  1851. 

Your  note  came  while  I  was  absent  in  Pennsylvania,  and  so 
my  acknowledgment  has  been  delayed.  Stoddard  and  I  under- 
stood from  the  Astor  clerk  that  Mrs.  Fields  was  ill,  which  had 
hastened  your  return.  I  hope  she  is  entirely  recovered,  and  that 
both  of  you  are  enduring  this  dismal  weather  with  a  patience  be- 
coming to  good  Christians.  As  for  me,  I  am  utterly  dispirited 
and  disgusted  with  it.  Everything  goes  wrong  with  me  except 
sleeping,  and  I  get  little  of  that  to  do.  I  should  like  to  be 
drowned  during  these  days,  like  a  fly  in  soap-suds,  to  be  resusci- 
tated when  the  sun  shines  on  me. 

T  saw  so  little  of  you  while  you  were  here  that  a  great  deal  I 
intended  saying  remained  unsaid.  One  of  the  most  important 
topics  was  this  :  I  should  like  to  bring  out  a  volume  of  poems 


208  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

next  fall,  and,  furthermore,  I  should  like  to  make  some  arrange- 
ment by  which  they  can  be  clothed  with  the  incomparable  type 
and  paper,  and  sanctified  by  the  all-potent  imprint  of  Ticknor, 
Reed  &  Fields.  I  have  come  to  the  belief  that  poetry  sells  bet- 
ter coming  from  you  than  from  any  other  publisher,  and  have 
prevailed  on  Putnam  (to  whom  I  am  bound  for  future  works)  to 
let  me  apply  to  you  on  the  subject. 

I  have  poems  enough,  published  and  unpublished,  to  make  a 
volume  of  one  hundred  and  twenty  to  one  hundred  and  forty 
pages,  which  is  quite  large  enough  ;  the  title  to  be,  "  A  Book 
of  Romances,  Ballads,  and  Lyrics,"  or  something  better,  if  I  can 
find  it.  The  poems  will  be  classified  :  the  Romances,  which  open 
the  volume  to  include  "  Hylas,"  "  Kubleh,"  "  Ariel  in  the  Cloven 
Pine,"  and  five  or  six  others  of  like  character  :  the  Ballads  will 
contain  "  Manuela  "  and  three  unpublished  California  poems  ;  and 
the  Lyrics  a  great  mass  of  heretical,  bacchanalian,  revolutionary, 
and  audacious  material.  I  want  to  square  accounts  and  take  a 
fresh  start,  having  a  long  poem  commenced  and  others  in  con- 
templation. 

I  am  getting  into  a  very  different  sphere  of  thought,  and  feel 
that,  whether  it  be  better  or  worse,  I  never  can  wholly  return  to 
the  themes  I  have  hitherto  tried.  But  this  is  idle  talk.  You 
have  my  idea  :  let  me  know  yours.  Have  no  hesitation  what- 
ever in  speaking  your  mind  "  right  out." 

I  am  very  glad  you  are  going  to  give  Stoddard  a  chance.  If 
you  can  only  do  one  of  the  two,  do  his.  Remember  me  always 
to  all  friends. 

TO    HIS    MOTHER. 

New  York,  April  29,  1851. 
.  .  .  We  have  had  a  terrible  stormy  time  here  till  within  a 
few  days.  I  have  had  a  bad  cold,  but  have  now  got  over  it,  and 
am  as  well  as  usual.  The  "  Tribune  "  is  still  flourishing.  .  .  . 
Oliver  Johnson  has  just  arrived  from  Ohio  to  help  in  Greeley's 
absence.  I  shall  not  be  much  overworked  through  the  summer, 
but  I  have  had  so  much  to  do  and  to  bear  for  a  year  past  that  I 
want  to  spend  next  winter  in  Italy  or  the  East.  I  cannot  remain 
here  without  being  obliged  to  work,  and  as  I  can  take  a  six 
months'  trip  without  expense  I  shall  persuade  Greeley  to  let  me 
off  when  he  returns. 


A   BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  209 


TO  GEORGE   H.  BOKER. 

New  York,  May  1,  1851. 

...  I  wish  I  could  write  something  good  of  myself.  I  am 
not  as  healthy  in  body  as  I  should  be,  and  this  keeps  me  con- 
stantly depressed.  I  am  haunted  sometimes  by  a  dreary  idea  of 
having  lived  in  vain.  This  is,  of  course,  a  morbid  state  of  feel- 
ing, and  it  will  not  last,  yet  it  makes  everything  drag  with 
me.  I  cannot  write  a  line  of  poetry  ;  I  can  scarcely  read  it.  I 
have  tried  by  turns  "In  Memoriam,"  Shelley,  Wordsworth,  and 
Schiller,  but  always  close  the  book  with  a  very  sickness  of  soul. 
Nothing,  I  am  sure,  will  wholly  cure  this  disturbance  but  a 
change  of  scene  and  a  relief  from  my  business  duties  here.  I 
cannot  leave  before  September,  however,  and  must  do  my  best 
till  then.  This  is  not,  George,  a  vain  regret  for  what  I  have  lost. 
I  have  resolved  to  bear  all  that  has  been  placed  upon  me  silently 
and  as  submissively  as  I  can  :  but  in  all  my  hopes,  all  my  am- 
bitions, all  my  lookings  towards  the  future,  there  is  a  continual 
blind  pain,  —  the  motions  of  a  passion  whose  office  has  been  de- 
stroyed. It  is  something  like  that  vague  distress  which  is  felt 
in  the  place  of  an  amputated  limb.  But  I  know  my  ailment, 
and  there  is  therefore  hope  for  me.  No  doubt  all  will  be  right 
again  in  good  time. 

The  Tribune  people  oppose  my  going  up  the  White  Nile,  so 
I  am  afraid  that  splendid  plan  will  fall  to  pieces.  In  that  case 
I  shall  sail  direct  for  Gibraltar,  visit  Granada  on  one  side  and 
'Fez  on  the  other,  and  then  to  the  Orient,  taking  Italy  on  my 
way.  I  shall  push  into  Persia,  or  climb  Caucasus,  or  make  my 
way  into  some  other  remote  and  unvisited  part  of  the  East. 
There  is  no  use  in  continually  walking  in  other  people's  tracks. 
Would  to  Heaven  you  could  join  me  ! 

Ticknor  &  Co.  (silly  souls  !)  have  agreed  to  bring  out  a  volume 
of  poems  for  me  next  fall,  at  their  own  risk.  I  have  enough  to 
make  a  volume  of  one  hundred  and  fifty  pages,  which  will 
square  accounts  and  leave  me  a  clear  field  for  better  under- 
takings. I  am  getting  out  of  the  age  of  sensations  and  short 
poems.  Ticknor  &  Co.  seem  to  think  my  book  wall  sell,  and  I 
hope  it  may  ;  nevertheless,  I  was  a  little  astonished  at  their 
ready  acceptance. 

An  Italian  sculptor,  named  Piatti,  is  now  engaged  in  busting 
me.     He  desired  to  do  it  for  his  own  private  amusement.     It 
vol.  i.  14 


210  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

promises  to  be  a  good  thing,  but  with  the  thinnest  nose  ever  cast 
in  plaster.  The  hair  is  bacchic  and  luxuriant,  the  mouth  heavy, 
and  the  eyes  close  together.  The  face  looks  to  me  like  a  cross 
between  Coptic  and  Tartar.  By  the  bye,  has  Brackett  a  model 
from  which  he  could  take  a  cast  of  your  bust  ?  I  should  like 
to  elevate  our  ghostly  semblances  on  two  pillars  in  my  room.  .  .  . 

TO  JAMES   T.  FIELDS. 

New  York,  May  2,  1851. 

Thank  you  for  your  ready  acquiescence  in  my  plan.  I  shall  go 
to  work  and  arrange  you  a  volume  which,  I  trust,  will  be  no  dis- 
credit to  your  house  or  to  me.  As  to  the  terms,  I  expected  no 
more.  I  never  write  poems  for  pay,  and  am  not  anxious  to  make 
money  by  them. 

If  the  book  sells  well,  finds  appreciative  readers,  and  the  pub- 
lishers are  satisfied,  I  shall  be  content,  whether  or  not  it  puts 
money  in  my  purse.  I  know  perfectly  well  the  difference  be- 
tween poetry  and  prose.  My  "  Rhymes  of  Travel,"  miserable  as 
they  are,  have  made  some  small  returns  to  Putnam  and  to  my- 
self, and  as  the  volume  I  am  now  preparing  will  be  infinitely 
better  I  think  it  ought  to  have  a  more  ready  sale.  However,  if 
a  volume  of  poems  can  be  sold  at  all  in  this  country,  it  is  with 
your  imprint. 

When  you  have  time  let  me  know  your  objections  to  my  title. 

I  have  tried  it  with  Ripley,  ,  and  Stoddard,  and  they  all 

think  it  very  good.  I  like  the  quaintness  of  calling  the  volume 
"  A  Book  of  "  etc.,  etc.  Besides,  "  Romances  "  is  an  unappro- 
priated word  for  poetry,  yet  the  best  word  for  such  poems  as 
"  Hylas."  Ask  Whipple  what  he  thinks  of  it.  I  must,  in  all 
cases,  avoid  "  and  Other  Poems."  What  do  you  say  to  "  Mon-da- 
min  ;  the  Spirit  of  Maize  ;  with  Lyrics  and  Rhymed  Romances  ?  " 
I  don't  like  it,  yet  it  might  serve  your  purposes  better.  By  the 
bye,  the  "  Spirit  of  Maize  "  is  not  corn  brandy,  but  an  Indian 
divinity.  The  poem  is  from  an  African  legend.  To  get  a  plain, 
simple,  direct  title  is  the  most  difficult  thing  in  the  world.  I 
shall  try  again,  however,  but  I  should  like  very  much  to  retain 
the  word  "  Book."  I  suppose,  if  you  get  the  copy  complete 
some  time  in  August,  it  will  be  in  ample  season.  Of  course  you 
can  bring  out  the  volume  when  it  best  suits  your  interests. 

I  hope  to  visit  Boston  at  Commencement  time  to  hear  your 
poem.     I  have  such  pleasant  recollections  of  Phi  Beta  Kappa 


A   BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  211 

clay  that  I  want  to  participate  in  the  juhilee  once  more  before 
going  off  to  join  the  Bedouins.  I  have  no  fear  of  Boston  on  the 
score  of  morality,  but,  judging  from  the  reputation  of  our  city 
in  Xew  England,  you  should  rather  dread  to  see*me  among  you. 
I  hope  you  do  not  mean  that  Boston  is  dull  because  it  is  moral. 
In  that  case  there  is  no  hope  of  our  improvement. 

Don't  let  books  bury  you  up  entirely.  If  your  eyes  are  blinded 
by  the  Traffic,  bathe  them  with  the  lotion  of  Helicon.  Anoint 
your  wearied  faculties  with  the  grease  which  drips  from  Apol- 
lo's chariot-wheels.  You  wdl  find  it  a  spiritual  Holloway's  Oint- 
ment, healing  with  a  touch  the  wounds  of  your  slavery.  But 
enough  of  this  nonsense.     Write  soon. 

TO   GEORGE   H.  BOKER. 

New  York,  May  22,  1851. 

I  know  I  deserve  your  brotherly  rebuke  for  this  unaccountable 
fit  of  despondency,  but  its  cure  seems  almost  out  of  the  reach  of 
my  will.  Its  causes  are  partly  physical,  for,  to  tell  the  truth,  I 
am  troubled  with  a  feeling  of  weakness  in  the  lungs  and  a  general 
sluggishness  of  the  whole  nervous  system.  This  warm  summer 
weather  operates  favorably,  however,  and  though  I  shall  have  a 
double  share  of  work  to  do  for  three  months  to  come  I  now 
hope  to  hold  out  till  the  fall  brings  me  release.  A  winter  in  the 
Orient  will  restore  my  health,  and  enable  me  to  begin  with  fresh 
spirit  the  works  for  which  I  am  now  gathering  strength.  But  do 
not  speak  of  my  having  achieved  anything  as  a  poet.  Could  you 
know  how  utterly  discouraged  I  sometimes  feel,  —  how,  com- 
pared with  the  originals  in  my  brain,  all  my  best  poems  seem 
failures,  —  you  would  understand  my  present  state  of  feeling. 
Your  kind  anticipations  of  fame  humble  me  to  the  dust.  I  have 
almost  ceased  to  expect  appreciation  from  the  world  at  large,  but 
so  long  as  I  have  yours  and  that  of  a  few  who  know  me  I  shall 
not  complain. 

Can  you  imagine  how  it  is  that  while  the  ideas  of  poems  come 
to  me  as  constantly  as  ever,  and  the  craving  for  expression  is  just 
as  strong,  I  can  only  write  with  the  greatest  difficulty  ?  Some 
electric  connection  between  thought  and  speech  seems  to  be  lost. 
It  puzzles  and  distresses  me.  For  a  week  or  two  I  have  been 
trying  to  write  a  poem  which  weighs  sorely  on  my  conscience, 
and  am  now  nigh  ready  to  give  up  in  despair.  There  is  no  pleas- 
ure in  these  poetic  pains,  I  assure  you.     I  can  only  cross  my 


212  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

hands,  and  say  with  the  Turks,  "  It  is  the  will  of  God  !  "  and 
wait  for  brighter  days.  Seriously,  dear  George,  though  I  am 
half  ashamed  to  show  myself  to  you  in  such  a  pitiful  light,  these 
things  all  combine  to  depress  me.  I  think  the  best  medicine 
would  be  a  week  of  your  society,  and,  if  you  love  me,  let  me 
have  it  soon. 

New  York,  May  29,  1851. 

I  have  been  working  harder  than  ever  for  a  week  past,  and 
can  only  have  a  few  words  with  you  now  at  the  fag  end  of  the 
day.  When  will  you  come  to  New  York  ?  I  should  like  to  pass 
some  of  these  bright  mornings  or  cool  summer  nights  with  you, 
particularly  now,  when  I  need  your  advice  and  criticism  in  rela- 
tion to  my  new  volume.  I  want  to  make  a  decent  book,  —  some- 
thing, if  possible,  which  shall  put  a  stop  to  all  this  slang  about 
"  promise  ; "  for  if  I  have  yet  performed  nothing,  I  never  shall. 
The  volume,  I  am  sure,  will  decide  the  question  whether  I  am  to 
be  acknowledged  as  a  true  poet  ;  for  whatever  my  friends  may 
think,  I  am  well  aware  that  my  literary  reputation  in  general  de- 
pends on  my  books  of  travel.  I  look  forward  to  the  publication 
as  a  test  in  this  respect,  but  without  the  least  concern  ;  for  the 
judgment  of  critics  cannot  change  my  judgment  of  myself.  There 
are  two  or  three  poems  which  I  am  doubtful  about  admitting  ; 
among  these,  "  The  Tulip-Tree  "  and  "  Earth-Life  "  (a  horrid 
title,  this  last).  You  will  hardly  remember  them.  The  "Chant 
of  the  Dreams  "  I  shall  of  course  omit.  Some  that  I  shall  in- 
clude were  written  from  a  lower  platform  of  thought,  but  they 
do  not  attempt  more  than  they  compass,  and  are  therefore  com- 
plete so  far  as  they  go.  .  .  . 

Stoddard  wants  me  to  commence  the  Romances  with  "  Love  and 
Solitude."  I  scarcely  know  what  to  think  about  it.  Pray  give 
me  your  counsel.  What  would  be  your  own  inclinations  in  a  sim- 
ilar case  ?  It  is  an  embodiment  of  happy  love,  with  a  presenti- 
ment (unconscious,  perhaps)  of  coming  evil.  The  poem  was  com- 
menced before  this  sorrow  fell  on  me,  and  I  found  a  melancholy 
solace  in  completing  it.  I  have  tried  to  soften  the  bitterness  of 
my  grief  by  giving  it  poetical  expression,  and  perhaps  at  some 
future  day  I  may  publish  all  poems  which  sprang  from  my  love, 
—  but  nothing  now  which  refers  directly  to  my  loss.  You  know 
the  idea  of  "  Love  and  Solitude,"  and  I  shall  include  or  omit  it 
as  you  advise. 

I  send  with  this  a  new  poem,  which  will  go  in  the  volume.    3 


A    BOOK   OF  ROMANCES.  213 

finished  it  to-day,  after  laboring  on  it  at  odd  hours  and  half-hours 
for  a  week.  It  was  written  piecemeal,  as  I  am  obliged  to  write 
everything  now.  This  ruinous  occupation  of  mine,  I  am  afraid, 
will  destroy  my  poetry.  Just  think  of  writing  one  stanza  in  the 
morning,  one  at  noon,  and  one  at  midnight,  —  and  so  on  till  the 
thing  is  doue  !  Instead  of  painting  on  a  free  canvas,  I  must  work 
in  mosaic.  Scrutinize  this  poem  severely.  It  must  be  perfect  of 
its  kind,  or  it  is  worth  nothing.  It  is  too  near  and  warm  in  my 
mind,  as  yet,  for  me  to  stand  off  and  look  at  it  calmly. 

My  health  is  still  indifferent,  and  I  am  convinced  that  nothing 
short  of  rest  and  a  milder  climate  next  winter  can  prevent  some 
chronic  derangement  of  the  lungs  or  nerves.  I  have  rallied  some- 
what from  my  terrible  fit  of  despondency,  and  will  try  to  avoid 
another  henceforth. 

New  York,  June  5,  1851. 

It  was  kind  in  you  to  send  me  a  good  long  letter  while  I  was 
lying  all  alone  in  my  room,  with  nothing  else  to  do  but  take  vil- 
lainous doses  of  medicine.  Stoddard  was  here  while  I  was  at  the 
height  of  fever,  with  a  letter  half  written  to  you,  so  I  don't  know 
what  terrible  things  he  has  said  of  my  attack,  which  was  simply 
the  crisis  of  a  long  course  of  derangement.  It  came  upon  me  all 
at  once,  shook  me  pretty  severely  for  a  day  or  two,  and  has  now 
gone  again,  leaving  me  quite  weak,  but  otherwise  sound.  This  is 
four  days  that  I  have  been  alone  in  my  room,  and  the  seclusion  is 
most  refreshing,  now  that  I  can  read  a  little  and  write  a  little. 
This  little  attack,  too,  seems  to  have  purged  the  acrid  humors 
from  my  heart.  I  feel  to-night  a  tranquil  sense  of  happiness,  of 
tender  reconciliation  with  the  world.  I  trust  I  have  wholly 
thrown  off  that  moody  melancholy  with  which  I  have  so  long  af- 
flicted you  in  my  letters.  But  looking  back  over  the  past  spring 
is  a  most  dismal  experience,  —  too  dark  and  heavy  to  recover 
from  so  suddenly. 

You  see,  by  dint  of  hammering  away  at  the  cursed  fetters 
which  bound  my  poetry,  I  broke  loose,  and  accomplished  a  rather 
laborious  fancy  about  a  pine-tree.  I  began  the  next  night  on 
"  The  Soldier  and  the  Pard,"  which  was  stopped  by  my  illness  ; 
bait  that  and  one  American  story  must  I  finish  in  time  for  my 
volume,  so  as  to  complete  the  plan.  These  two  latter  things  have 
been  vegetating  in  my  thoughts  for  a  year  or  two,  and  are  all 
complete  but  the  writing.  I  shall  have  six  romances  to  lead  off 
with.     The  "  Pine-Tree  "  is  intended  for  one. 


214  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

I  have  been  fortunate  in  frequently  seeing  Jenny  Lind  and  her 
friends  during  their  stay  here.  She  is  the  only  great,  unques- 
tioned genius  in  woman's  form  I  have  ever  known,  and  the  more 
I  see  her  the  more  I  reverence  her  truth,  her  purity,  her  faith  in 
art  as  the  crown  and  glory  of  our  nature.  You  should  see  her 
face  when  she  speaks  of  these  things.  And  with  all  this,  she  is 
more  truly  feminine  than  the  whole  herd  of  our  spiritual,  inner- 
lived,  and  sweet-sympathy-craving  women  writers.  If  you  have 
not  already  imagined  that  Jenny  Lind  was  all  this,  think  of  it 
when  you  next  hear  her  sing.  .  .  . 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  June  9,  1851. 

I  was  in  bed  nearly  all  last  week,  or  I  should  have  sent  you  a 
line  sooner.  This  slavish  life  and  villainous  weather  combined 
brought  on  a  bilious  attack,  which,  if  I  had  not  possessed  a  very 
accommodating  constitution,  would  have  racked  me  severely.  As 
it  is,  I  am  at  work  again,  busily  preparing  my  poems  to  make  a 
decent  appearance  before  the  world.  I  do  not  feel  satisfied  with 
your  reluctant  consent  to  my  title,  and,  though  I  still  hold  it  to 
be  a  good  one,  the  fact  of  your  not  thinking  so  —  you,  of  all  men, 
being  the  best  judge  of  good  titles  —  makes  me  distrust  myself. 
Pray  tell  me,  candidly,  your  original  objection  to  it.  I  have  writ- 
ten to  Boker,  and  have  consulted  all  my  friends  here,  with  the 
most  triumphant  verdict  in  its  favor.  That  you  may  see  how  I 
want  it  to  look  I  inclose  a  mimic  title-page. 

In  studying  over  the  plan  of  the  book,  I  have  resolved  to  exer- 
cise the  severest  judgment  upon  all  my  published  poems,  mer- 
cilessly casting  out  all  that  do  not  satisfy  me,  and  to  admit  a 
greater  number  of  unpublished  poems.  The  book  must  have  no 
half-way  character  ;  it  must  be  either  something  or  nothing.  My 
very  life's  blood  is  in  some  of  the  poems  I  shall  include.  .  .  . 

TO  HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  July  30,  1851. 
...  I  shall  most  probably  leave  in  the  Franklin,  which  sails  on 
the  20th.  I  am  very  anxious  for  the  time  to  come,  not  so  much 
for  the  sake  of  getting  away  as  for  the  relief  which  travel  will 
afford  me,  and  the  renewed  health  and  spirits  which  I  am  sure  of 
obtaining.  I  am  still  engaged  in  studying  the  route  over  which 
I  shall  pass  and  getting  all  possible  information  in  advance.  It 
will  make  the  trip  much  more  interesting  and  easy  to  me.  .  .  . 


A   BOOK   OF  ROMANCES.  215 


TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  August  2,  1851. 

.  •  .  Whipple  wrote  to  me  that  you  would  be  in  the  White 
Mountains  about  two  weeks,  so  I  suppose  this  will  find  you  in 
Boston.  I  bope  to  see  you  soon.  My  health  has  been  bad  tins 
summer,  and  I  wait  with  intense  longing  for  the  time  of  leaving 
for  Europe.  I  shall  sail  on  the  20th  of  September,  and  be  ab- 
sent eight  or  nine  months. 

My  poems  are  ready  for  the  printer.  The  work  is  all  done, 
and  I  hope  to  read  all  the  proofs  before  starting,  perhaps  to  take 
a  few  copies  with  me.  Can  this  be  ?  When  you  think  best  I 
will  go  to  Boston  with  the  copy. 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

New  York,  August  2,  1851. 

.  .  .  My  poems  are  ready  for  the  press,  thank  Heaven  !  —  all 
revised  and  fairly  copied  and  arranged.  It  is  a  great  reUef,  for 
the  exercise  of  mind  which  it  bast  cost  me,  in  addition  to  my 
other  duties  and  labors,  was  most  exhausting.  I  look  forward 
with  the  most  intense  longing  and  delight  to  the  prospect  of  get- 
ting away.  I  verily  believe  another  year  of  my  present  life 
would  put  an  end  to  me. 

The  book  contains  all  I  have  written  up  to  the  present  time, 
and  more  than  half  of  it  will  be  now  first  published.  This  circum- 
stance will  probably  help  its  sale,  but  that  is  a  matter  which,  on 
my  own  account,  I  care  little  about.  I  hope  it  will  pay  the  pub- 
lisher, but  I  don't  publish  it  for  the  sake  of  profit. 

I  had  a  letter  from  Powers  the  other  clay.  He  says  nothing  of 
Read.  I  shall  sail  from  here  on  the  20th  of  September.  I  think 
my  brother  will  go  out  with  me,  to  spend  the  winter  in  Germany, 
and  return  with  me  in  the  spring.  Unfortunately,  he  cannot  go 
the  whole  round.  Ah,  if  you  could  go,  George  !  If  we  could 
sail  on  the  Nile  together,  or  guide  our  camels  over  the  Desert ! 
As  a  poet,  the  trip  would  be  as  advantageous  to  you  as  to  me. 

New  York,  August  17,  1851. 

I  only  have  time  to-night  for  a  line  or  two.     I  hope  to  leave 

the  country  by  the  10th  or  11th  of  September.     Greeley's  return 

releases  me  two  weeks  sooner  than  I  anticipated,  but  not  too 

soon,  for  I  am  fagged  out,  weak,  dull,  and  miserable.     I  am  in  a 


216  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

fever  of  impatience  to  be  away,  —  to  reach  the  solitude  of  the 
seas,  where  no  thought  of  work  can  annoy  rue.  I  shall  visit  home 
week  after  next.  If  you  are  in  Philadelphia  by  that  time,  won't 
you  go  out  with  me  to  my  father's.  I  shall  only  be  there  three 
days.  But  I  don't  absolve  you  from  your  promise  of  a  week 
here.  It  will  be  a  long  time  before  we  meet  again,  as  I  shall  be 
gone  at  least  ten  months.  I  was  at  Boston  a  week  ago.  The 
printers  have  all  my  copy  in  hand  and  I  shall  read  the  proofs 
before  starting.  The  book  will  have  to  stand  or  fall  by  its  own 
merits,  as  I  shall  not  be  here  to  help  it. 

My  "  Cyclopaedia  of  Literature  and  the  Fine  Arts "  is  nearly 
finished.  A  week's  hard  work  will  carry  me  through.  Would 
to  Heaven  the  week  were  over  !  I  've  half  a  mind  to  keep  you 
in  the  dark  about  this  Dictionary,  but  it 's  really  not  worth  many 
words  :  a  piece  of  hack-work  I  am  doing  for  Putnam,  —  nothing 
more.  It  will  give  me  the  means  of  traveling  two  months  in 
the  Orient  ;  so,  blessed  be  the  Dictionary  ! 

TO  JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  August  22,  1851. 

Since  writing  you,  two  or  three  days  ago,  I  have  made  another 
change  in  my  plans.  I  shall  now  leave  in  the  City  of  Manchester, 
which  sails  from  Philadelphia  on  Thursday  next.  I  am  offered 
a  free  passage  in  her,  and  want  to  take  advantage  of  it.  This 
will  hurry  me  somewhat,  but  I  can  do  it,  and  the  sooner  I  get 
away,  the  better  in  every  respect. 

If  yon  could  go,  I  would  wait  ;  but  as  you  have  given  it  up, 
in  the  words  of  Robinson  Crusoe,  "  I  must  finish  my  journey 
alone." 

I  received  some  proof  on  Wednesday  night,  and  sent  it  back 
yesterday  ;  the  second  sheet  has  not  come  to  hand.  Please  send 
me  some  more  by  to-morrow  (Saturday)  evening's  mail,  directed 
to  this  place,  and  until  Tuesday  evening  direct  to  Philadelphia, 
at  the  office  of  "  Graham's  Magazine."  After  Tuesday  it  will  be 
too  late  to  reach  me. 

I  can,  however,  read  all  the  Romances,  and  for  the  rest  I  must 
depend  on  the  printers.  If  they  stick  faithfully  to  copy  I  have 
little  fear  of  errors.  Pray  don't  let  them  take  any  liberties 
whatever,  unless  to  correct  bad  spelling.  Would  you  be  kind 
enough  to  look  over  the  proofs  of  those  poems  which  are  in 
MS.  ?     It  would  oblige  me  very  much.     The  proof  sent  to  me 


A  BOOK  OF  ROMANCES.  217 

was  remarkably  correct,  except  where  they  did  not  follow  copy. 
I  am  very  exact  in  my  punctuation,  but  they  tried  to  improve  it, 
and  blundered.  I  hope  the  volume  will  be  successful.  My  ab- 
sence, I  suppose,  will  rather  help  its  sale  than  otherwise  ;  but  at 
any  rate,  I  am  determined  you  shall  lose  nothing  by  it.  If  it 
shall  not  have  paid  expenses  by  the  time  I  return,  I  shall  will- 
ingly make  up  the  difference. 

"  A  Book  of  Romances,  Lyrics,  and  Songs "  was 
published  by  Ticknor,  Reed  &  Fields  in  the  fall,  after 
its  author  had  again  set  out  on  his  travels.  He  dis- 
missed it  from  his  mind  as  soon  as  he  had  performed 
the  necessary  labor  upon  it,  and  hardly  recurred  to  it 
again  in  his  thought,  for  such  poetic  purpose  as  he  had 
lay  now  in  new  directions.  He  scarcely  knew,  indeed, 
how  great  was  his  relief  until  he  was  once  more  in  the 
forced  rest  of  an  Atlantic  voyage,  and  then  the  charm 
of  the  sea  came  flowing  in  upon  his  tired  mind  and 
body  with  an  inexpressible  power  of  soothing.  The 
end  of  the  voyage  found  him  refreshed  and  even  eager 
for  the  scenes  and  persons  which  lay  before  him. 

"  These  two  weeks  which  have  elapsed  since  I  left 
home,"  he  writes  to  Mr.  Boker,  "  have  made  a  differ- 
ent man  of  me.  We  found  the  ocean  in  a  delicious 
state  of  calm,  and  for  four  days  I  lay  in  the  shade, 
looking  out  on  the  blue  water  and  enjoying  —  brain, 
heart,  and  limb  —  the  most  perfect  rest.  After  this 
sedative,  the  medicine  which  I  most  needed,  the  fresh 
sky  and  bracing  air  of  these  northern  latitudes  have 
been  a  wonderful  tonic  to  my  relaxed  nerves.  The 
sea  spoiled  but  one  of  my  days,  and  gave  the  others 
so  much  pure  inspiration,  so  much  and  so  varied  en- 
joyment, that  I  almost  regret  our  approach  to  land. 
I  take  delight  in  living  again  ;  the  very  circulation  of 
my  blood,  warmer  and  quicker  than  it  has  moved  for 
many  months,  gives  me  pleasure.     And  under  all  the 


218  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

desolation  of  the  grief  that  has  been  consuming  my 
heart  the  old  hopes  and  dreams  and  resolves  are  com- 
ing to  life  once  more." 

Bayard  Taylor  was  accompanied  by  his  brother 
William  in  the  early  part  of  his  journey.  They 
landed  at  Liverpool,  and  after  a  pleasant  stay  in 
Warwickshire  went  up  to  London,  where  they  saw 
the  World's  Fair  and  Bayard  met  again  old  friends 
as  well  as  made  new  personal  acquaintance  with  the 
Brownings,  Robert  Owen,  Lady  Stuart  Wortley,  John 
Kenyon,  and  others.  They  left  London  September 
27th  for  the  Continent,  and  went  by  Heidelberg  and 
Niirnberg  to  Vienna,  where  they  parted  company, 
and  Bayard  Taylor  pursued  his  way  alone  to  Triest, 
whence  he  went  by  Smyrna  to  Alexandria.  He  de- 
tailed his  experiences  in  letters  to  the  "  Tribune," 
which  he  reprinted  several  years  later  when  he  col- 
lected a  number  of  papers  in  the  sketch-book  entitled 
"  At  Home  and  Abroad."  The  only  poetical  record 
was  in  two  short  poems,  "Smyrna"  and  "To  a  Per- 
sian Boy,  in  the  Bazaar  at  Smyrna." 


CHAPTER  X. 

TRAVELS   IN  THE  EAST. 

1851-1852. 

Beyond  the  dark-blue,  dimpled  sea 
Lie  sands  and  palms,  the  Nile's  wide  wealth  of  corn, 
And  soaring  pylons,  granite  roofs  upheld 
By  old  Osirid  columns :  there  the  sun 
Sheds  broader  peace  in  all  his  aged  beams, 
And  hoary  splendor  on  uncrumbled  stone. 

Prince  Deukalion. 
The  Toet  came  to  the  Land  of  the  East, 

When  spring  was  in  the  air : 
The  Earth  was  dressed  for  a  wedding  feast, 

So  young  she  seemed,  and  fair  ; 
And  the  Poet  knew  the  Land  of  the  East,  — 
His  soul  was  native  there. 

The  Poet  in  the  East. 

The  plan  which  Bayard  Taylor  had  formed  of 
spending  the  winter  in  Egypt  was  due  partly  to  a  be- 
lief that  the  climate  would  offer  a  cure  for  the  affec- 
tion of  the  throat  from  which  he  was  suffering,  partly 
to  the  fact  that  the  country  would  afford  fresh  mate- 
rial for  letters  to  the  "  Tribune,"  and  partly  also  to  a 
desire  which  he  had  to  come  into  close  contact  with  a 
life  which  had  always  made  an  indefinite  but  power- 
ful appeal  to  his  imagination.  "  The  journey,"  he 
writes,  "was  simply  a  change  of  position,  from  assist- 
ant editor  to  correspondent,  enabling  me  to  obtain  the 
strength  which  I  sought  without  giving  up  the  service 
on  which  I  relied  for  support."  He  had  scarcely 
landed  at  Alexandria  before  he  began  to  feel  the  re- 
storative charm  of  the  air.     "  I  have  not  felt  so  well 


220  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

and  strong  since  leaving  home,"  he  writes  to  his 
mother,  "  as  during  the  day  and  a  half  I  have  been  in 
Egypt.  The  air,  the  climate,  the  sky,  the  scenery,  — 
everything  combines  to  make  me  cheerful.  The  cli- 
mate is  delicious,  the  very  air  a  luxury  to  breathe." 
Out  of  the  months  which  he  spent  in  Egypt,  Syria, 
and  Asia  Minor  came  the  poems  which  he  afterward 
collected  in  the  volume  of  "Poems  of  the  Orient." 
"  I  thought,  and  I  think  so  still,"  says  Mr.  Stoddard, 
"  when  I  read  these  spirited  and  picturesque  poems, 
that  Bayard  Taylor  had  captured  the  poetic  secret  of 
the  East  as  no  English-writing  poet  but  Byron  had. 
He  knew  the  East  as  no  one  can  possibly  know  it 
from  books,  or  Moore  would  have  reflected  it  with 
greater  fidelity  in  '  Lalla  Rookh.'  " 

He  landed  at  Alexandria  November  4,  1851,  and 
after  a  few  days'  stay  went  on  to  Cairo,  and  thence  up 
the  Nile  to  Khartoum.  From  this  place  he  ascended 
the  White  Nile  as  far  as  the  country  of  the  Shillooks, 
and  returning  was  again  in  Cairo  April  1,  1852.  By 
the  few  opportunities  which  he  had  he  sent  to  America 
his  letters  to  the  "Tribune,"  and  wrote  to  his  home 
friends,  especially  anxious  to  relieve  his  mother  of  the 
concern  which  she  might  feel  as  to  his  safety,  since 
absurdly  exaggerated  reports  had  appeared  in  the  pa- 
pers regarding  his  proposed  journey. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Cairo,  Egypt,  November  14,  1851. 
.  .  .  You  need  be  under  no  apprehension  about  my  trip  into 
the  interior.  I  am  not  going  to  the  Niger  nor  to  the  source  of 
the  Nile,  nor  where  nobody  else  has  ever  been.  I  am  going  to 
Khartoum  in  Nubia,  as  I  expected  to  do  on  leaving  home,  and  as 
I  assured  you  all.  Put  no  faith  in  newspaper  reports  from  peo- 
ple who  don't  understand  geography.     The  journey  is  long  and 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  221 

toilsome,  but  here,  where  the  people  ought  to  know  something 
about  it,  they  tell  me  there  is  no  danger  from  the  Arabs  and  that 
the  trip  will  be  most  interesting.  ...  I  engaged  a  dragoman 
yesterday.  .  .  .  The  American  consul  assures  me  that  he  is  one 
of  the  best  in  Egypt.  It  would  be  very  difficult  to  travel  with- 
out an  interpreter,  although  I  have  already  picked  up  consider- 
able Arabic.  Besides,  this  man  understands  the  desert  thoroughly, 
and  will  be  not  only  a  protection,  but  a  sort  of  companion.  He 
is  a  brown  fellow,  from  Upper  Egypt,  wears  the  Arabic  dress, 
and  is  acquainted  with  many  of  the  government  officials.  He 
speaks  English  and  Italian  very  well.  I  am  going  to  don  the 
red  cap  and  sash,  and  sport  a  sabre  at  my  side.  To-day  I  had 
my  hair  all  cut  within  a  quarter  of  an  inch  of  the  skin,  and  when 
I  look  in  the  glass  I  see  a  strange  individual.  Think  of  me  as 
having  no  hair,  a  long  beard,  and  a  copper-colored  face.  My 
throat  gives  me  no  trouble.  I  wear  no  cravat,  and  shall  get  au 
Egyptian  shirt  which  is  open  at  the  neck  and  has  no  collar.  .  .  . 
Give  my  love  to  all  at  home,  including  those  of  whom  I  think 
so  often  when  I  feel  what  I  have  lost.  Tell  them  I  do  not  travel 
to  escape  from  my  sorrow,  but  to  learn  to  bear  it  more  patiently. 
It  is  always  with  me,  but  more  subdued  and  resigned  than  be- 
fore. Remember  me  kindly  to  all  who  inquire.  I  think  of  all 
my  friends,  perhaps  more  than  they  suppose,  and  am  grateful 
for  the  interest  they  take  in  my  wanderings.  .  .  . 

Upper  Egypt,  near  Theees,  December  3,  1851. 
We  are  now  approaching  the  town  of  Kenneh  (within  forty- 
eight  miles  of  Thebes),  and  as  I  hope  to  meet  an  acquaintance  of 
mine  from  New  York  there  I  cannot  let  the  opportunity  slip 
of  sending  you  a  few  lines.  It  is  now  sixteen  days  since  we  left 
Cairo,  and  we  have  come  rather  more  than  four  hundred  miles. 
It  is  the  most  delightful  journey  I  ever  made,  and  each  day  I 
feel  in  better  health  and  spirits.  We  have  had  no  trouble  of 
any  kind.  My  dragoman  is  a  most  honest  and  faithful  fellow, 
the  sailors  are  the  simplest,  most  ignorant,  and  best  hearted  peo- 
ple in  the  world,  and  my  fellow-traveler  is  a  man  out  of  a  million. 
The  climate  is  like  that  of  our  June,  and  I  cannot  conceive  a 
more  healthy  life  than  that  we  lead.  Egypt  has  disappointed 
me  in  every  respect,  but  on  the  right  side.  I  rejoice  more  than 
ever  over  the  instinct  which  brought  me  here,  for  it  seems  the 
beginning  of  a  new  life.  .  .  . 


222  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

I  cannot  be  sufficiently  grateful  for  the  fortune  which  brought 
me  my  present  companion.  He  is  a  wealthy  German  land-owner, 
forty-five  years  old,  weighs  two  hundred  and  twenty  pounds,  and 
is  in  every  respect  the  reverse  of  myself.  But  a  more  honest, 
manly  nature,  a  warmer  and  more  generous  heart,  I  never  knew. 
I  love  the  man  like  a  brother,  and  it  will  be  a  sore  trial  to  part 
with  him.  His  companionship  and  sympathy  have  strengthened 
me  for  the  whole  of  my  journey.  He  will  not  believe  this,  but 
considers  himself  indebted  to  me,  and  has  made  me  promise  to 
visit  him  in  Saxe-Coburg  next  summer.  Were  it  even  the  North 
Pole  I  should  certainly  go.  I  do  not  think  two  such  happy  and 
harmonious  travelers  were  ever  on  the  Nile.  If  he  had  not  a 
wife  at  home,  he  would  go  with  me  to  the  White  Nile,  to  Pales- 
tine and  Nineveh. 

Upper  Egypt,  near  the  First  Cataract, 
December  11,  1851. 
I  am  now  drawing  near  the  point  where  I  shall  leave  behind 
me  all  opportunities  for  sending  letters  home,  and  you  will  prob- 
ably have  to  wait  three  months  after  receiving  this  before  you 
hear  from  me  again.  However,  you  need  have  no  fear  on  that 
account.  I  am  already  in  the  heart  of  Africa,  more  than  five 
hundred  miles  from  Cairo,  and  nearly  half  way  to  Khartoum,  the 
end  of  my  journey.  The  farther  I  go  the  more  safe  and  agree- 
able the  trip  appears,  and  if  I  had  any  misgivings  about  it  be- 
fore leaving  home  I  should  have  none  now.  My  friend,  who 
thought  it  a  terrible  undertaking  when  we  first  met  at  Smyrna, 
now  congratulates  me  on  it,  and  says  he  has  no  anxiety  whatever 
in  relation  to  it.  This  is  the  strongest  testimony  you  could  have, 
for  he  has  told  me  that  there  is  no  man  living  for  whom  he  has 
a  warmer  regard  than  for  me.  I  don't  know  what  I  should  have 
done  without  his  friendship  and  sympathy.  You  know  I  am  not 
weak  nor  sentimental,  yet  I  assure  you  that  when  we  speak  of 
parting  in  a  few  days  it  brings  the  tears  into  our  eyes.  My  visit 
to  him  in  Germany  next  summer  is  all  arranged.  He  has  a 
splendid  Arabian  horse,  which  I  am  to  have  for  a  ride  through 
the  Thiiringian  Forest.  We  are  going  to  take  a  week  for  the 
tour,  and  enjoy  it  as  much  as  our  present  journey.  .  .  .  Out  of 
the  circle  of  home  and  my  few  tried  and  faithful  friends  in 
America,  I  have  never  met  a  man  who  so  entirely  gave  me  his 
heart.  His  unselfish  devotion  to  me  has  cured  me  of  many  re- 
bellious thoughts.  .  .  . 


TRAVELS  IN   THE  EAST.  223 

My  dragoman  is  a  man  who  makes  himself  respected  every- 
where, and  makes  the  Arabs  respect  me.  He  always  speaks  of 
me  to  them  as  "  His  Excellency."  I  am  now  wearing  one  of 
his  dresses  :  a  green  embroidered  jacket,  with  slashed  sleeves  ; 
a  sort  of  striped  vest,  with  a  row  of  about  thirty  buttons  from 
the  neck  to  the  waist  ;  a  large  plaid  silk  shawl  as  belt ;  white 
baggy  trowsers,  gathered  at  the  knee,  with  long,  tight-fitting 
stockings  and  red  morocco  shoes.  I  had  a  pair  of  trowsers  made 
yesterday  to  wear  while  riding  camels.  They  reach  from  the 
hips  to  the  knees,  and  only  contain  eighteen  yards  of  muslin. 
They  cost,  with  the  tailor's  bill,  about  $1.50.  This  Egyptian 
dress  is  very  cool  and  pleasant,  and  I  shall  wear  it  till  I  reach 
Cairo.  .  .  • 

Near  Korosko,  Nubia,  December  19,  1851. 

I  am  resolved  that  you  shall  have  as  little  anxiety  about  me 
as  possible,  so  I  embrace  every  chance  to  write  to  you.  I  shall 
get  to  Korosko  to-day,  and  shall  probably  start  to-morrow  on 
my  journey  through  the  desert.  I  will  send  this  letter  by  the 
Arabic  post  to  the  governor  of  Assouan,  directing  him  to  give  it 
to  the  first  American  traveler  going  down  the  Nile,  to  put  it  into 
the  office  at  Cairo.  It  is  hardly  possible  that  I  shall  have  an- 
other chance  of  writing  before  reaching  Cairo  again,  toward  the 
end  of  March.  Three  days  ago  I  parted  with  my  friend  at  As- 
souan, and  set  sail  in  a  smaller  boat  for  Korosko.  .  .  . 

I  want  to  speak  of  the  friend  from  whom  I  have  just  parted, 
because  I  am  very  much  moved  by  his  kindness,  and  the  knowl- 
edge may  be  grateful  to  you.  His  friendship  for  me  is  some- 
thing wonderful,  and  it  seems  like  a  special  Providence  that  in 
Egypt,  where  I  anticipated  the  want  of  all  near  sympathy  and 
kindness,  I  should  find  it  in  such  abundant  measure.  He  is  a 
man  of  totally  different  experience  from  myself;  accustomed  all 
his  life  to  wealth,  to  luxury,  and  to  the  exercise  of  authority. 
He  was  even  prejudiced  against  America  and  the  Americans, 
and  he  confessed  to  me  that  he  was  by  nature  stubborn  and  self- 
ish. Yet  few  persons  have  ever  placed  such  unbounded  confi- 
dence in  me,  or  treated  me  with  such  devotion  and  generosity. 
He  gave  me  his  pistols  for  the  journey,  his  medicines,  and 
everything  which  he  thought  I  would  need.  Besides  this,  he 
purchased  a  number  of  supplies  in  Assouan,  pretending  they 
were  for  his  return  journey,  and  then  persuaded  Achmet  to  pack 
them  secretly  in  my  boxes.     He  also  told  Achmet  he  was  going 


224  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

to  leave  a  handsome  present  for  him  with  a  merchant  in  Cairo, 
but  he  (Achmet)  would  not  receive  it  unless  he  had  served  me 
faithfully.  For  two  days  before  our  parting  he  could  scarcely 
eat  or  sleep,  and  when  the  time  drew  near  he  was  so  pale  and 
agitated  that  I  almost  feared  to  leave  him.  I  have  rarely  been 
so  moved  as  when  I  saw  a  strong,  proud  man  exhibit  such  an 
attachment  for  me.  He  told  me  he  could  scarcely  account  for 
it,  but  he  felt  almost  ready  to  give  up  all  his  engagements  to 
return  home  and  accompany  me.  I  told  him  all  my  history,  and 
showed  him  the  portrait  1  have  with  me.  He  went  out  of  the 
cabin  after  looking  at  it,  and  when  he  returned  I  saw  that  he 
had  been  weeping.  .  .  .  Almost  the  last  thing  he  asked  of  me 
was  to  look  at  it  once  more  before  leaving.  And  he  knew  so 
well  how  to  speak  to  me,  soothing,  but  without  offeriug  consola- 
tion, that  I  feel  stronger  than  for  a  long  time  past.  The  last 
three  days  have  been  very  lonely,  but  they  would  have  been 
more  so  had  I  not  met  with  him.  I  shall  pursue  my  travels  in  a 
far  more  happy  and  courageous  mood  than  I  anticipated.  Be- 
sides, I  have  promised  to  spend  two  or  three  weeks  with  him 
next  summer  in  Germany,  and  shall  keep  my  promise.  I  owe 
him  far  more  than  I  can  lightly  repay,  and  it  is  some  satisfaction 
to  confess  the  debt  to  you.1 

Khaetoum,  in  Ethiopia,  January  18,  1852. 
I  am  more  fortunate  than  I  expected  in  having  an  opportu- 
nity of  writing  to  you  from  this  place,  in  the  heart  of  Africa. 
I  wrote  from  Korosko,  just  before  starting  on  my  journey  through 
the  Nubian  Desert,  and  hope  you  will  receive  the  letter  before 
this.  My  journey  has  been  of  the  highest  interest,  and  better  in 
every  respect  than  I  have  anticipated.  A  peculiar  good  fortune 
seems  to  follow  me.  .  .  . 

1  It  was  on  the  steamer,  when  passing  from  Smyrna  to  Alexandria,  that 
Bayard  Taylor  fell  in  with  this  gentleman,  Mr.  August  Bufleb,  and  thus 
hegan  an  acquaintance  which  ripened  into  an  ardent  friendship.  Mr. 
Bufleb,  in  his  letters  to  his  wife  at  this  time,  speaks  in  the  strongest  terms 
of  his  new-found  friend.  "A  glorious  young  man,"  he  says.  "If  it 
were  not  for  you  I  would  go  with  him."  "  His  company  is  a  gain  to  me 
in  every  respect.  He,  with  his  clear  head  and  pure  heart  has  preferred  to 
travel  with  me,  while  many  of  his  countrymen  are  following  or  sailing 
ahead  of  us.  .  .  .  He  has  won  my  love  by  his  amiability,  his  excellent 
heart,  his  pure  spirit,  in  a  degree  of  which  I  did  not  believe  myself  capa- 
ble." 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  225 

On  reaching  here  I  went  to  the  house  of  Dr.  Reitz,  the  Aus- 
trian consul,  for  whom  I  had  letters  of  introduction.  He  made 
me  at  once  hring  my  effects  and  take  up  my  residence  with 
him.  I  am  writing  this  in  my  room,  a  lofty  chamher,  roofed 
with  palm  logs,  the  windows  of  which  open  oil  a  court-yard,  in 
which  two  large  ostriches  are  pacing  up  and  down.  The  door 
leads  to  a  balcony,  covered  with  jessamine  in  bloom,  looking 
upon  a  garden  of  palm,  orange,  banana,  pomegranate,  lemon, 
and  fig  trees,  and  many  beautiful  flowering  shrubs.  To  one  of 
the  trees  is  chained  a  tame  leopard,  a  particular  pet  of  mine. 
1  have  already  taught  him  to  climb  up  on  my  shoulders.  To 
vary  my  amusement  there  are  two  hyenas,  who  are  a  little  wolf- 
ish and  snap  sometimes,  an  immense  adjutant  crane,  and  a  whole 
yard  full  of  gazelles,  wild  goats,  antelopes,  and  ibexes.  In  the 
outer  court  is  a  full-grown  lioness,  which  is  also  a  great  friend 
of  mine.  I  sit  on  her  back,  and  give  her  my  hand  to  lick.  She 
likes  to  take  my  leg  in  both  paws,  then  open  her  jaws  and  close 
them  very  gently  around  it,  but  she  is  too  well  fed  to  bite. 
The  pacha  has  a  little  lion  which  runs  loose  about  the  house, 
and  gives  him  great  amusement  by  frightening  the  slaves. 
When  I  add  that  I  ride  every  day  on  a  red  stallion  of  the  wild 
breed  of  Dar-Fur  you  will  certainly  think  I  have  grown  bar- 
baric in  my  tastes.1 

In  his  diary,  under  date  of  January  24,  1852,  he 
writes,  "  Archipelago  of  the  Shillooks,  2  p.  m.  We  have 
just  passed  the  northern  point  of  the  island  of  Aba,  on 
our  return  to  Khartoum.  The  sails  are  taken  down, 
and  the  men  are  rowing  along  the  lee  side  of  one  of 
the  island-beds  of  foliage  which  stud  this  glorious  river. 
I  reached  my  turning-point,  between  lat.  12°  and  13° 
north  this  morning  at  nine  o'clock,  in  just  forty-eight 
hours  from  Khartoum,  having  sailed  in  that  time  two 
hundred  and  fifty  miles.  Now,  the  gateway  to  the 
unknown  south  is  closed,  and  my  face  is  turned  to 

1  The  juxtaposition  of  these  letters  brings  out  forcibly  the  singular 
power  of  attraction  which  Bayard  Taylor  bad  over  both  men  and  dumb 
animals.  The  reader  of  his  poems  will  recall  many  cases  where  the  theme 
has  been  suggested  by  the  subtle  association  of  man  and  beast. 

VOL.   I.  15 


226  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

the  Mediterranean.  But  I  have  at  least  stood  on 
the  threshold  of  that  wonderful  land,  and  in  the  grand 
and  strange  vistas  opened  before  me  have  realized  a 
portion  of  my  dream.  For  what  I  have  seen  I  thank 
God,  who  has  protected  me  beyond  hope  and  almost 
beyond  example."  Fifty-seven  days  from  Khartoum 
saw  the  traveler  once  more  in  Cairo,  which  he  reached 
April  1st,  to  find  a  generous  store  of  letters  and  papers 
awaiting  him. 

TO  HIS   MOTHER. 

Cairo,  Egypt,  April  2,  1852. 
...  I  have  had  nothing  but  good  luck  from  beginning  to  end.1 
The  whole  trip  has  occupied  less  than  five  months,  and  I  have 
traveled  four  thousand  miles.  Notwithstanding  the  great;  heat 
of  Central  Africa  (105°  in  the  shade  at  noon),  and  the  sand 
storms  in  the  desert,  and  the  fatigue  of  traveling  thirty-four  days 
on  a  dromedary,  my  health  has  been  always  good,  and  I  look  so 
fat  and  black  that  you  would  hardly  know  me.  At  present  I  am 
suffering  from  an  inflammation  of  the  eyes,  caught,  I  presume, 
by  the  sudden  change  from  the  dry  air  of  the  Desert  to  the  moist 
air  of  the  Nile  ;  I  don't  know  how  else.  I  had  nearly  cured  them 
yesterday  morning,  but  to-day  they  are  worse,  partly  from  stand- 
ing yesterday  on  the  top  of  my  cabin,  in  a  strong  wind,  in  the 
excitement  of  approaching  Cairo,  and  partly  from  reading  let- 
ters and  fine  newspaper  print  half  the  night.  But  the  mail  to 
England  closes  this  afternoon,  and  I  must  at  least  let  you  know 

1  It  is  worth  while  to  note,  in  passing,  that  a  more  credulous  man  than 
Bayard  Taylor  might  well  have  supposed  himself  a  special  favorite  of 
Providence  ;  for  in  all  his  affairs,  now  and  for  some  time,  everything 
turned  out  as  he  could  wish.  "Oh,  master,"  exclaimed  Achmet,  on  one 
occasion,  "  there  never  was  such  a  lucky  journey  as  this !  "  and  his  friend, 
Mr.  Bufleb,  was  independently  struck  with  the  good  fortune  which  alwa3*s 
attended  him.  In  his  diary,  under  date  of  January  30th,  Bayard  Taylor 
remarks,  "  I  sat  in  the  cabin  and  wrote  diligently  most  of  the  time.  About 
half  an  hour  before  dinner  another  large  fish  jumped  on  deck,  and  was 
instantty  caught  and  put  into  the  frying-pan.  This  Achmet  considers  as 
a  most  extraordinary  token  of  good  luck.  It  is  a  little  singular  that  for 
three  days  a  fish  should  jump  on  board  precisely  in  time  to  make  a  dish  for 
mv  dinner." 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  227 

of  the  fortunate  termination  of  my  long  and  adventurous  tour  in 
the  wilds  of  Africa.  It  was  delightful,  coming  down  the  Nde,  to 
revisit  the  scenes  I  saw  on  my  fortunate  upward  journey.  Every 
guide  and  donkey-boy  in  all  the  towns  recognized  me  at  once, 
and  hailed  me  with,  "  Thank  God,  you  have  come  back  safely  !  " 

TO   GEORGE   K.   BOKER. 

Cairo,  Egypt,  April  4,  1852. 
Three  days  ago  I  was  beating  down  the  Nde  against  a  strong 
wind.  The  citadel  of  Cairo  was  in  sight,  and  I  hurried  the  men 
with  prayers  and  promises  tdl  they  reached  the  old  town,  where 
I  jumped  ashore,  took  a  donkey,  and  galloped  at  full  speed  to 
the  British  consulate  and  my  banker.  I  came  to  my  hotel  with 
my  pockets  full  of  letters  and  my  arms  full  of  newspapers. 
Two  of  the  letters  were  from  you,  and  while  the  sun  set  behind 
the  pyramids,  and  the  odor  of  lemon-groves  in  blossom  came 
through  the  open  window,  I  read  them,  God  knows  with  what 
gratitude,  what  serene  joy  in  my  heart  !  That  hour  paid  me  for 
all  the  long  silence,  the  death  (so  far  as  the  real,  riving  world  is 
concerned),  of  my  journey  into  Central  Africa.  I  cannot  say 
that  I  have  recovered  my  whole  strength  till  now.  God  has  led 
me  into  submission  with  a  beneficence  which  is  the  greatest  re- 
proach to  my  mad  rebellion  against  his  will.  He  has  weighed 
me  down  with  a  weight  of  love  which  I  feel  almost  too  weak  to 
bear.  Your  letters  have  humbled  me  ;  you  have  shown  me  to 
myself,  not  as  I  am,  but  as  I  once  aspired  to  be.  I  have  not  the 
strength,  the  courage,  the  heroism,  you  attribute  to  me.  On  the 
contrary,  half  my  life  has  been  spent  in  concealing,  or  trying  to 
overcome,  the  weaknesses  of  my  nature  ;  and  I  have  too  much 
pride  to  make  this  confession  even  to  you,  did  I  not  feel  that  you 
will  still  love  me  in  spite  of  all  my  short-comings.  I  cannot 
glory  in  the  little  I  have  accomplished,  when  I  see  so  clearly  how 
much  more  I  might  have  done.  And  as  for  popular  favor,  —  good 
God,  what  is  there  so  humiliating  as  to  be  praised  for  the  exhi- 
bition of  poverty  and  privation,  for  parading  those  very  struggles 
which  I  would  gladly  have  hidden  forever,  when  that  which  I 
feel  and  know  to  be  true  to  my  art  is  passed  by  unnoticed  !  For 
I  am  not  insensible  that  nine  tenths  of  my  literary  success  (in  a 
publishing  view)  springs  from  those  very  "Views  Afoot"  which 
I  now  blush  to  read.  I  am  known  to  the  public  not  as  a  poet, 
the  only  title  I  covet,  but  as  one  who  succeeded  in  seeing  Europe 


228  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

with  little  money  ;  and  the  chief  merits  accorded  to  me  are  not 
passion  or  imagination,  but  strong  legs  and  economical  habits. 
Now  this  is  truly  humiliating.  It  acts  as  a  sting  or  spur,  which 
touches  my  pride  "in  the  raw,"  whenever  some  true  recognition 
sets  me  exulting.  In  spite  of  your  letter  I  have,  at  this  distance, 
a  sort  of  magnetic  impression  that  my  volume  of  poems  has  only 
had  a  negative  success  ;  yet  I  am  not  discouraged  ;  I  am  hardly 
surprised  at  it.  It  is  enough  for  me  that  you  and  some  few 
others  recognize  a  forward  step  in  it.  What  you  say  of  my 
"  American  Legend  "  x  gratifies  me  beyond  measure,  because  you 
have  been  impressed  with  the  very  qualities  which  I  strove  to 
give  it.  The  subject  was  warm  in  my  mind,  and  suggested 
abundance  of  imagery,  but  I  did  not  dare  to  mar  the  beautiful 
symmetry  of  the  story  by  overloading  it  with  embellishments. 
The  legend,  as  I  found  it,  seemed  to  me  as  pure  and  perfect  as  a 
Grecian  myth.  It  had,  besides,  a  grander  and  broader  signifi- 
cance, and  I  had  faith  enough  in  it  to  give  it  the  severest  and 
simplest  form  of  which  I  was  capable.  The  descriptions  of  the 
seasons  are  my  own  additions,  and  I  only  hazarded  them  because 
the  artistic  development  of  the  story  seemed  to  require  it.  I 
think  the  poem  the  best  I  have  done  ;  it  is  the  first  which  (to 
me)  gives  promise  of  a  longer  life  than  mine. 

But  enough  of  this,  when  I  have  so  much  else  to  say,  and  must 
husband  my  time  and  be  merciful  to  my  eyes,  hardly  recovered 
from  an  attack  of  ophthalmia.  You  have  probably  the  answer 
to  your  questions  after  receiving  my  note  from  Assouan.  Yes, 
George,  I  have  grown  strong  and  patient  beyond  all  hope.  I 
have  found  a  peace  as  new  as  it  is  grateful,  —  a  peace  which 
does  not  reproach  rny  love  while  it  takes  away  the  bitterness 
from  my  sorrow.  I  felt  its  approaches  as  we  do  those  of  sleep, 
but  cannot  tell  how  nor  when  it  first  descended  upon  me.  I  only 
know  that  I  am  changed  ;  that  the  world  again  looks  bright  and 
life  cheerful  ;  that  the  capacity  of  being  happy  is  restored  to 
me  ;  that  I  look  forward  hopefully  to  the  future  ;  and,  better  than 
all,  that  no  memory  of  the  past  is  less  sacred.  Something  of 
tins  I  have  gained  from  nature,  in  these  five  long  months,  dur- 
ing which  I  have  been  buried  in  the  heat  and  silence  and  mys- 
tery of  mid- Africa  ;  but  more  from  man.  The  most  remarkable 
good  fortune  has  attended  me.     Such  a  luck  has  marked  my 

i  "  Mon-da-Min." 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  229 

journey  from  the  start  that  even  my  wild  Aral)  attendants  were 
struck  by  it,  and  considered  me  as  a  nian  specially  protected  by 
God.  And  such  kindness  of  heart  as  everywhere  overflows  to- 
wards ine,  I  know  uot  why  !  I  have  tried  to  fathom  this  mystery, 
but  cannot  ;  I  fiud  no  particular  quality  in  myself,  no  peculiarity 
in  my  intercourse  with  others  which  can  account  for  it.  Why 
rigid  Mussulmen  should  pray  that  I  might  enter  the  Moslem 
paradise  ;  why  guides,  camel-drivers,  sailors,  and  the  like  should 
show  me  such  fidelity  ;  why  beys  and  pashas,  to  whom  I  had  no 
word  of  recommendation,  should  pay  me  most  unusual  courtesies, 
is  quite  beyond  my  comprehension.  If  I  were  a  devout  believer 
in  the  special  workings  of  Providence,  I  should  say  that  this  ex- 
perience was  sent  me  as  a  healing.  There  is  no  balm  for  such  a 
sorrow  so  potent  as  gratitude  for  the  love  of  others. 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

Alexandria,  Egypt,  April  12,  1852. 

I  should  have  written  to  you  sooner,  but  on  my  first  arrival  in 
Egypt  I  was  so  busied  with  preparations  for  my  further  journey 
that  I  found  no  time,  and  afterwards,  as  you  may  well  suppose, 
could  hardly  mail  a  letter  to  Boston  from  the  land  of  the  lion 
and  hippopotamus.  I  have  had  a  glorious  five  months'  tour  in 
mid-Africa,  having  gone  up  the  White  Nile  farther  than  any 
English  or  American  traveler,  had  a  rich  store  of  adventures, 
and,  what  is  best  of  all,  quite  recovered  my  health  and  strength, 
both  of  body  and  mind.  If  you  think  of  me  now,  picture  me 
to  yourself  as  brown  as  an  Arab,  with  a  long  beard,  a  red  cap 
and  white  turban,  a  big  shawl  around  my  waist,  and  red  slippers 
on  my  feet.  I  have  quite  a  smattering  of  Arabic,  and  can  swear 
by  Allah  with  the  true  Moslem  unction.  Would  to  Heaven  you 
had  been  with  me,  to  taste  the  light  and  heat  and  mystery  of 
African  travel !  Nothing  else  in  the  world  could  have  wrought 
such  a  powerful  change  in  me.  That  quiet  and  peace  of  soul 
which  I  had  only  hoped  for  as  the  work  of  years  has  descended 
on  me,  I  know  not  how.  Life  again  begins  to  look  cheerful,  and 
I  have  wholly  recovered  my  perfect  trust  hi  God,  —  that  prop 
without  which  I  was  drifting  so  helplessly. 

I  am  not  able  to  write  you  a  long  letter  on  account  of  an  at- 
tack of  Egyptian  ophthalmia,  from  which  I  am  just  recovering. 
You  will  no  doubt  have  seen  some  account  of  my  wanderings  in 
the  "  Tribune,"  and  I  need  not  describe  them.     I  leave  here  in 


230  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

two  days  for  Beyrout  and  Jerusalem,  after  which  I  shall  ride 
through  Asiatic  Turkey  as  far  as  the  borders  of  Persia.  I  shall 
be  in  Constantinople  early  in  July,  and  beg  you  to  write  to  me 
there,  "  Care  of  J.  Alleon  &  Cie.,"  inclosed  to  Baring  Brothers, 
London.  I  should  like  to  hear  something  of  the  reception  of  my 
volume.  My  letters  from  home  are  so  taken  up  with  other  mat- 
ters that  they  say  little  about  it.  I  learn,  however,  that  it  is 
published,  and  has  been  favorably  received  in  some  quarters.  A 
letter  from  a  friend  in  Copenhagen  (think  over  what  latitudes 
we  are  scattered  !)  says  the  "  Westminster  Review  "  glorifies  it. 
But  I  have,  somehow,  a  magnetic  impression  that  its  success  has 
been  only  negative.  There  are  some  things  in  it  for  which  I 
hoped  a  recognition,  but  shall  not  be  greatly  disappointed  if  they 
have  not  received  it.  I  should  be  glad  to  know,  however,  that 
its  sale  has  not  been  such  as  to  dishearten  the  publishers.  My 
last  letters  were  written  more  than  two  months  ago,  and  it  had 
probably  not  been  published  long  enough  for  my  friends  to  know 
anything  about  its  success.  Will  you  write  to  me  frankly  on 
this  subject  ?  How  has  Stoddard's  book  gone  off,  and  the 
"  Golden  Legend  "  ?  I  have  been  out  of  the  world  and  know 
nothing.  Send  me  all  the  literary  news,  but,  more  than  alL  news 
of  yourself.  I  often  thought  of  you  during  my  long  marches 
in  the  desert. 

Pray  give  my  kindest  remembrances  to  Whipple  and  Long- 
fellow and  Whittier,  and  all  good  friends  in  and  around  Boston. 
How  glad  I  shall  be  to  see  them  all  once  more  !  Do  not  fail  to 
write  to  me.     God  bless  you  ! 

A  reply  came  from  Mr.  Fields  in  June  from  Lon- 
don, whither  the  letter  had  followed  him  from  Boston. 
He  urges  Bayard  Taylor  to  join  him  there,  and  enjoy 
with  him  the  society  of  their  literary  friends,  adding, 
"You  ask  about  the  success  of  your  volume.  My 
long  absence  does  not  allow  me  to  judge  either  of 
your  own  or  Stoddard's  book,  nor  do  I  know  what  the 
critics  have  said.  But  this  I  do  know :  that  my  old  and 
dear  friend  Miss  Mitford  says,  if  she  writes  another 
book,  in  you  and  Stoddard  must  go.  She  swears  by 
you  both,  and  says  you  are  fame-sure-     Copies  shall  be 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  231 

here  to  meet  you  on  your  arrival.  '  The  Golden  Le- 
gend '  is  a  great  success,  and  adds  to  rather  than 
diminishes  the  author's  good  name.  Longfellow  is 
very  popular  here,  and  is  fast  taking  the  wind  out  of 
every  sail  in  the  English  seas  of  Poesy.  Hawthorne, 
too,  is  immensely  popular.  He  has  just  finished  a 
new  romance,  the  scene  of  which  is  laid  at  Brook 
Farm.  I  have  not  read  the  MSS.,  of  course,  but 
E.  P.  W.  writes  me  it  is  sparkling  with  beauty.  I  see 
at  every  railroad  station  your  books  selling  to  travel- 
ers daily.  Come  and  taste  your  own  fame  at  my  side, 
dear  Bayard." 

He  left  Alexandria  April  14,  1852,  for  Beyrout, 
and  spent  three  months  traveling  in  Syria,  Palestine, 
and  Asia  Minor.  The  season  had  advanced  so  far  and 
was  so  oppressively  hot  that  he  gave  up  the  plan  of 
visiting  Nineveh  and  Arabia.  Indeed,  he  was  becom- 
ing somewhat  weary  of  his  isolation,  and  writes  in  his 
journal  June  26th,  "  Here  in  the  heart  of  Asia  Minor 
all  life  seems  to  stagnate.  There  is  sleep  everywhere, 
and  I  feel  as  if  a  wide  barrier  separated  me  from  the 
living  world.  I  have  now  been  eight  months  out  of  it, 
only  touching  its  borders  now  and  then  ;  finding  the 
rest  I  sought,  it  is  true,  but  now  that  the  healing  is 
complete  I  miss  the  accustomed  stir  and  struggle  of 
the  life  to  which  I  return."  He  reached  Constantinople 
July  12th  on  his  way  home,  and  the  following  letter 
to  Mr.  Fields  describes  the  general  course  of  his  three 
months'  journey :  — 

TO   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 

Constantinople,  July  14,  1852. 
The  first  thing  I  did  after  reaching  here,  two  days  ago,  was  to 
get  my  letters,  among  them  your  welcome  missive  from  London. 
How  surprised  I  was  to  learn  that  you  left  home  so  soon  after 


232  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

me  !  Why  did  you  not  come  on  to  Cairo  and  visit  Palestine 
with  me  ?  It  would  have  well  repaid  you.  Europe  is  tame  after 
this  grand  and  gorgeous  Orient,  wherein  I  have  now  been  revel- 
ing for  nearly  nine  months.  If  you  could  see  me  now  you  would 
swear  I  was  a  disciple  of  the  Prophet.     I  am  become 

"  Long  and  lank  and  brown 
As  is  the  ribbed  sea-sand, " 

but  I  pray  you  mislike  me  not  for  my  complexion.  I  wear  the 
tarboosh,  smoke  the  Persian  pipe,  and  drop  cross-legged  on  the 
floor  with  the  ease  of  any  tailor  whatever.  When  I  went  into 
my  banker's  they  addressed  me  in  Turkish.  The  other  day,  at 
Brousa,  my  fellow-Mussulmen  indignantly  denounced  me  as 
damned,  because  I  broke  the  fast  of  the  Ramazan  by  taking  a 
drink  of  water  in  the  bazaar.  I  have  gone  into  the  holiest 
mosques  in  Asia  Minor  with  perfect  impunity.  I  determined  to 
taste  the  Orient  as  it  was,  in  reality,  not  as  a  mere  outside 
looker-on,  and  so  picked  up  the  Arabic  tongue,  put  on  the  wide 
trowsers,  and  adopted  as  many  Eastern  customs  as  was  becoming 
to  a  good  Christian.  Now,  however,  all  is  over.  Yesterday, 
alas  !  I  crammed  my  unwilling  legs  into  a  pair  of  narrow  panta- 
loons, elevated  a  straight  collar  about  my  neck  (though  no  gib- 
bet-rope could  be  more  uncomfortable),  and  am  now  taking  ex- 
ercise in  sitting  bolt  upright  on  a  chair.  What  I  suffer  you  can't 
imagine.  I  don't  wonder  that  the  Druse  conscripts  in  Syria 
have  revolted,  rather  than  wear  the  Frank  dress.  Fortunately,  I 
don't  need  to  wear  gloves,  as  my  hands  are  precisely  the  color  of 
yellow  kid,  and  pass  for  such. 

But  enough  of  this  nonsense,  and  let  me  tell  you  what  I  have 
been  doing.  After  seeing  all  Palestine  and  Syria,  I  coasted 
northwards  from  Beyrout  to  the  mouth  of  the  Orontes,  and  then 
traveled  inland  to  Antioch  and  Aleppo.  In  Aleppo  I  stayed 
several  days.  It  is  a  great  and  stately  city,  and  pleased  me 
even  better  than  Damascus.  I  saw  a  great  deal  of  society 
there,  and  attended  both  Christian  and  Hebrew  weddings,  balls, 
and  other  festivities.  Thence  I  crossed  the  mountains  into  Cili- 
cia,  and  after  visiting  ancient  Tarsus,  and  drinking  a  cup  of 
snow-cold  water  from  the  Cydnus  at  the  very  spot  where  Cleo- 
patra met  Mark  Antony,  struck  northward  into  Asia  Minor.  I 
was  three  days  passing  the  Taurus,  by  a  defile  grander  than  any 
in  the  Alps,  and  reached  the  plains  of  Karamania.  Thence  to 
Konieh  (the  ancient  Iconium),  and  so  on  into  the  glorious  piny 


TRAVELS  IN  THE   EAST.  233 

mountains  of  Plirygia,  where  I  found  the  tombs  of  King  Midas 
and  the  Gordian  monarchs.  Thence  to  Kiutahya,  to  the  old 
Greek  city  of  (Ezani,  with  a  magnificent  theatre  and  temple,  and 
over  Olympus,  through  the  sublimest  beechen  forests  in  the 
world,  and  down  on  the  other  side  to  Brousa.  A  voyage  in  an 
open  boat  across  the  Sea  of  Marmora  finished  the  journey,  and 
brought  me  here  in  time  to  see,  last  night,  the  superb  illumina- 
tion of  the  mosques  and  the  Golden  Horn,  on  the  occasion  of  the 
Sultan's  taking  a  new  wife.  I  have  been  occupied  with  this  trip 
ever  since  my  last  note  to  you.     But  was  it  not  worth  making  ? 

Now  my  Oriental  tour  is  over,  and  I  shall  turn  westwards,  but 
not  in  time,  I  fear,  to  meet  you  in  London.  Would  to  Heaven  I 
could  be  there  with  you  !  —  I  so  long  to  see  the  face  of  a  friend. 
I  feel  as  if  I  had  been  lost  to  the  world  for  a  long  time.  I  am 
glad  to  know  that  you  are  in  such  pleasant  hands.  What  would 
I  not  give  for  one  of  your  days  !  I  must  see  your  friend  Miss 
Mitford,  when  I  pass  through  England,  and  hope  I  shall  this 
time  be  fortunate  enough  to  meet  Barry  Cornwall.  I  shall  stay 
three  or  four  weeks  in  London,  where  I  hope  to  see  more  of  men 
than  when  I  passed  through  last  autumn.  I  shall  send  a  note  by 
this  mail  for  G.  G.,  whom  I  hope  to  meet  somewhere. 

I  know  not  yet  what  course  I  shall  take  from  here,  but  I  think 
via  Athens,  Naples,  Florence,  Venice,  and  then  into  Saxony,  to 
spend  two  weeks  with  a  German  friend,  who  was  my  companion 
on  the  Nile.  I  cannot  say  anything  with  certainty  until  I  receive 
further  letters  from  home.  There  is  a  bare  possibility  (which 
I  both  hope  and  dread)  of  my  going  farther  east.  But  the 
chances  are  a  hundred  to  one  against  it.     God  bless  you ! 

The  last  sentence  refers  to  an  important  proposi- 
tion in  letters  from  his  Tribune  associates,  which  he 
found  awaiting  him  at  Constantinople.  Pie  did  not 
feel  at  liberty  to  speak  more  definitely  to  his  friend, 
but  the  next  day  he  wrote  to  his  mother. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Constantinople,  July  15,  1852. 
T  must  let  you  into  the  secret  of  some  news  which  reached  me 
by  the  last  mail  from  America,  —  news  which  has  quite  unsettled 
me  for  the  present,  and  which,  I  fear,  will  not  be  gratifying  to 


234  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

you,  though  in  many  respects  it  ought  to  be.  It  is  nothing  less 
than  a  proposition  which  will  lengthen  my  stay  abroad  from  six 
to  nine  months, —  a  proposition  which,  if  it  was  merely  to  travel 
and  write  letters  I  should  not  accept,  though  conscious  that  every 
additional  month  so  spent  serves  to  settle  my  healthy  habits  of 
body,  and  strengthen  me  in  every  way  for  work  at  home.  But 
they  have  made  application  to  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy  to  get 
me  a  place  on  board  of  the  flagship  of  Commodore  Perry's  expe- 
dition to  explore  Japan,  one  of  the  most  remarkable  and  interest- 
ing enterprises  of  the  present  day.  In  case  they  are  successful 
(which  they  expect  to  be)  they  will  forward  me  the  order  at 
once,  with  funds  which  will  enable  me  to  take  the  overland  route 
by  steamer  to  Alexandria,  Suez,  Bombay,  Calcutta,  Singapore, 
to  Macao  in  China,  where  I  shall  meet  the  expedition  about  the 
end  of  October.  The  "  Tribune  "  offers  to  pay  my  expenses  to 
China,  and  give  me  a  much  higher  rate  for  all  the  letters  I  shall 
write.  The  expedition  will  be  from  two  to  four  months  in  all 
probability  at  Japan,  and  I  shall  afterwards  return  to  Europe, 
via  India.  It  is  a  grand  and  fascinating  proposal,  and  may  be 
the  means  of  advancing  me  more  than  anything  I  have  done.  I 
am  a  little  ambitious,  and  the  expedition  offers  chances  which  I 
can't  let  slip  of  doing  something  which  may  make  me  honor. 
My  situation  on  board  the  ship  will  of  course  be  that  of  guest 
and  looker-on,  but  the  order  will  give  me  every  possible  facility 
for  this.  If  I  consulted  my  heart  alone,  I  should  decline,  for  I 
long  to  see  you  all  again,  and  I  fear  lest  this  prospect  may  trou- 
ble you  ;  but  my  head  tells  me  I  must  go.  Even  without  reason- 
ing with  myself  on  the  subject,  my  magnetism  urges  me  on,  and 
when  I  follow  it  I  always  go  right.  If  I  should  go,  have  no  fear 
for  me.  There  is  no  danger  greater  than  I  should  endure  on  the 
way  from  here  to  New  York.  .  .  .  This  Oriental  trip  has  done 
enough  for  me  to  more  than  satisfy  my  anticipations.  I  feel 
that  it  only  needs  for  me  to  continue  in  the  same  course  I  have 
begun  to  assure  me  fame  and  fortune.  The  latter  appears  now  to 
be  assured  me,  and  of  the  former  I  have  already  ten  times  more 
than  I  ever  expected.  But  it  is  impossible  to  stand  still  or  turn 
back  :  all  I  have  done  only  prompts  me  to  do  more.  Pray  say 
nothing  about  all  this  till  I  write  again,  but  be  sure  that  whether 
I  go  eastward  or  westward  I  am  safe.  My  term  of  life  has  not 
yet  run  out,  and  so  long  as  I  keep  this  feeling  the  uttermost  parts 
of  the  earth  have  no  terrors  for  me. 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  235 

The  first  letters  which  his  Tribune  associates  sent 
him  expressed  no  doubt  of  their  being  able  to  procure 
for  him  the  necessary  order  to  accompany  Commo- 
dore Perry,  but  they  promised  later  and  more  definite 
instructions.  For  these  he  waited  nearly  a  month  in 
Constantinople,  and  was  at  last  on  the  point  of  leav- 
ing, in  despair  of  hearing,  when  a  letter  came  with 
funds  for  prosecuting  the  journey,  but  with  a  some- 
what less  specific  assurance  of  the  essential  cooper- 
ation of  Commodore  Perry.  "  I  have  endeavored," 
the  writer  says,  "to  procure  from  the  Secretary  of 
the  Navy  some  appointment  which  would  give  you  a 
good  official  position  on  the  squadron  for  as  long  a 
time  as  you  might  wish  to  hold  it,  but  the  Secretary 
declared  himself  powerless  in  the  matter.  Next  I  ap- 
plied to  the  Commodore  through  the  active  interces- 
sion of  his  friend,  George  Blunt,  the  hydrographer. 
But  even  to  him  Perry  replied  that  he  had  refused 
thousands  of  such  applications,  and  that  his  fear  was 
that  if  he  accepted  you  he  might  not  only  be  compro- 
mised with  others,  but  that,  not  knowing  you,  he  had 
some  fear  that  you  might  not  be  exactly  the  man  he 
wanted,  and  might  indiscreetly  publish  something  con- 
cerning the  expedition  after  you  had  joined  it.  On  all 
these  points  Blunt  made  the  most  urgent  and  positive 
assurances,  and  finally  Perry  said  that  he  could  not 
bind  himself  to  take  you,  but  if  you  were  at  Hong 
Kong  when  he  vms  there  he  should  be  very  happy  to 
see  you.  In  Blunt's  opinion  this  is  enough  to  justify 
your  going  there  for  this  purpose,  and,  after  consider- 
ing the  matter  in  our  semi-annual  meeting  last  week, 
we  all  came  to  the  same  conclusion.  Accordingly,  I 
inclose  a  letter  from  Blunt,  introducing  you  to  Perry." 
Under  these  conditions  Bayard  Taylor  determined  to 


236  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

accept  the  commission.  The  expedition  would  not 
reach  Hong  Kong,  however,  before  the  end  of  the 
year,  and  thus  he  would  be  enabled  to  carry  out  his 
original  plan  of  joining  his  brother  at  Florence,  cross- 
ing the  Alps,  and  visiting  Mr.  Bufleb  in  Gotha,  and 
then  making  a  short  stay  in  England  before  setting 
out  on  his  overland  journey  to  China.  It  was  while 
waiting  at  Constantinople  for  advices  from  the  "Trib- 
une "  that  he  wrote  to  Mr.  Boker  and  Mr.  Stoddard. 

TO  GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

Gonstantinople,  July  18,  1852. 

The  grandest  cannonading  I  ever  heard  is  thundering  around 
me  as  I  write,  and  the  tremendous  echoes,  flapping  back  and 
forth  between  the  shores  of  Europe  and  Asia,  are  prolonged  far 
up  the  Bosphorus.  I  wish  you  were  here  to  sit  at  my  window 
with  me  and  look  out  on  this  superb  Constantinople,  now  spark- 
ling with  the  thousand  lamps  of  the  Bairam  festival.  Last  night 
the  fast  month  of  Ramazan  terminated,  and  this  morning  at  sun- 
rise I  was  in  the  Sultan's  seraglio,  witnessing  the  great  proces- 
sion of  all  the  dignitaries  of  the  Turkish  Empire,  from  Abdul- 
Medjid  himself  down  to  his  chief  eunuch.  I  am  here  at  a 
fortunate  time,  having  seen,  a  few  nights  ago,  the  illumination 
of  the  Golden  Horn,  —  a  scene  truly  magical  in  its  magnificence. 
Again  I  say,  would  to  Heaven  you  were  here !  I  thought  so  this 
evening,  as  I  sat  watching  the  sunset  fade  away  between  the 
cypresses  of  the  cemetery  of  Pera,  and  quietly  smoked  a  long 
Persian  pipe  the  while.  One  whiff  of  that  same  pipe  would  whis- 
per to  you  more  secrets  of  the  Orient  than  I  could  say  or  sing  in 
a  twelvemonth.  There  is  a  touch  of  the  East  in  your  nature, 
George,  —  perhaps  even  more  than  in  mine,  —  and  I  wish  you 
would  cultivate  it.  I  think  you  could  enjoy  with  me  the  glori- 
ous laziness  of  this  land.  We  cannot  be  lazy  at  home  ;  one's 
conscience  is  too  active.  But  here  it  is  another  thing.  True 
strength  is  best  exhibited  in  a  certain  degree  of  repose  ;  there  is 
wisdom  in  silence,  and  so  I  find  both  dignity  and  poetry  in  the 
inertia  of  Oriental  life.  .  .   . 

I  have  now  finished  the  Orient,  and  in  another  week  will  prob- 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  237 

ably  sail  for  Italy,  via  Athens.  There  is,  however,  a  secret 
chance  (which  I  must  whisper  to  you)  of  my  being  sent  eastward 
to  India  and  China,  there  to  join  the  U.  S.  expedition  to  Japan, 
in  character  of  correspondent  extraordinary.  The  prospect 
chimes  in  too  strongly  with  my  own  fancy  to  be  rejected,  and  if  I 
get  the  necessary  order  (which  has  not  yet  come  to  hand)  I  shall 
be  on  my  way  to  the  Flowery  Kingdom  in  a  month.  This  will 
postpone  my  return  to  the  United  States  six  or  eight  months  ; 
but  if,  at  the  end  of  that  time,  God  gives  me  one  night  with  you 
in  your  new  house,  we  shall  make  amends  for  this  long,  long 
separation.  How  comes  on  that  same  house  ?  I  have  not  for- 
gotten all  the  promises  which  are  being  built  up  in  it  for  me  : 
the  welcome  at  the  threshold  ;  the  place  at  the  table  ;  the  bottle 
in  the  vaults  ;  the  strong,  true  heart,  never  beating  but  in  faith 
and  friendship.  By  all  the  gods  we  worship,  if  the  stones  of  that 
house  hold  together  as  long  as  I  shall  claim  the  fulfillment  of 
those  promises,  they  will  outlast  your  day  and  mine  !  .  .  . 

TO   R.   H.    STODDARD. 

Constantinople,  July  21,  1852. 
I  wish  I  had  you  here  for  an  hour,  instead  of  sitting  down  to- 
stain  the  virginity  of  this  sheet  of  paper.  I  wish  you  were  here 
for  two  reasons  :  that  you  might  enjoy  with  me  this  superb  view 
of  two  continents  and  their  proudest  city,  which  I  now  see  when- 
ever I  lift  my  head;  and,  secondly,  that  I  might  relieve  my  heart, 
and  perhaps  yours,  by  letting  loose  a  fountain  of  talk  which  has 
been  sealed  up  for  months.  Since  my  German  friend  left  me  on 
the  Nile,  I  have  met  no  one  to  whom  I  could  speak  of  poetry  and 
be  understood.  I  am  like  a  lover  who  has  no  confidant.  Nothing 
now  woidd  refresh  me  half  so  much  as  to  stumble  on  the  number 
of  "  Sartain  "  containing  your  "  Carmen."  (But  what  is  there  es- 
pecially poetical  about  the  nature  of  triumphant  car-men  ?  Do  tell 
me!)  Seriously,  my  dear  Stoddard,  I  am  beginning  to  feel  lonely, 
and  would  give  my  best  pipe  for  a  talk  with  you.  .  .  .  Well,  God 
be  with  us  all,  and  speed  the  time  when  I  may  so  see  you,  and  we 
may  gossip  away  the  midnight  in  my  lofty  attic.  Fields  promises 
to  have  copies  of  both  our  books  waiting  for  me  in  London,  so 
that  I  shall  see  something  of  you  before  I  reach  home.  .  .  . 

Bayard   Taylor    left    Constantinople    August    7th, 
reached  Malta  on  the  11th,  and,  failing  to  make  an 


238  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

expected  connection,  took  a  small  sailing-boat  to  Cata- 
nia in  Sicily,  which  he  reached  just  in  time  to  see  the 
grand  festival  of  St.  Agatha,  which  takes  place  only 
once  in  a  hundred  years.  He  went  to  Messina  by 
stage,  and  took  passage  to  Leghorn.  On  reaching 
Florence  he  found  his  brother  just  recovering  from  an 
attack  of  fever,  and,  after  a  few  days'  stay  among  his 
earlier  Florentine  friends,  they  both  went  by  Venice  to 
Germany,  where  they  separated ;  his  brother  returning 
home,  and  Bayard  going  to  Gotha  to  pay  the  promised 
visit  to  Mr.  Bufleb,  who  received  him  with  open  arms. 
"  Indeed,"  he  writes  to  his  mother,  "he  had  not  dared 
to  leave  Gotha  for  four  weeks  beforehand,  fearing  I 
should  arrive  in  his  absence.  Every  kindness  that 
friendship  could  invent  has  been  heaped  upon  me. 
All  his  relatives  and  friends  received  me  like  a  lost 
member  of  the  family;  every  door  was  open  for  me, 
and  there  was  a  place  already  prepared  at  every  table. 
Two  days  after  I  arrived,  as  the  weather  was  fine,  we 
started  on  a  tour  through  the  Thuringian  Forest,  which 
we  made  partly  on  foot,  partly  in  B.'s  carriage."  A 
narrative  of  this  excursion  is  contained  in  the  first 
series  of  "  At  Home  and  Abroad."  He  was  in  Lon- 
don again  October  11,  1852. 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

London,  October  IS,  1852. 
Behold  me  once  more  in  London,  but  not  as  near  home  as  I 
imagined  when  I  wrote  to  you  from  Cairo.  It  is  tantalizing  to 
think  that  in  two  weeks  I  might  take  you  by  the  hand,  and  pour 
my  living  soul  into  your  ears  and  eyes,  instead  of  spreading  a 
few  small  atoms  of  myself  over  this  dull  paper.  But  alas  !  the 
time  for  that  is  a  year  off  ;  not  the  Atlantic,  but  all  Europe,  and 
Asia,  and  the  Pacific,  and  our  own  continent  lie  between  us.  You 
may  well  be  afraid  of  me  when  we  meet.     If  I  get  through  this 


TRAVELS  IN  THE   EAST.  239 

second  trip  as  successfully  as  the  first,  I  shall  come  to  you  bur- 
dened with  Gibraltar  and  the  Alhauibra,  with  the  rivers  and  jun- 
gles of  India,  the  Himalayas  and  the  pagodas  of  Delhi  and  Be- 
nares, the  "  summer  isles  of  Eden  "  of  the  Eastern  Archipelago 
and  the  wonders  of  the  Central  Flowery  Land,  in  addition  to  the 
conquest  of  Japan.  I  shall  be  able  to  strangle  like  a  Thug,  or 
run  amuck  like  a  Malay;  I  shall  be  as  expert  a  disemboweler  as 
the  chief  executioner  of  Japan  ;  I  shall  yearn  for  my  missing 
bird's-nest  soup  and  puppy-pie,  —  Heaven  knows  what  I  shall  not 
be  capable  of.  A  man  can't  pass  through  so  much  and  be  the 
same  he  was  originally.  .  .  . 

Many  thanks  to  you,  dear  George,  for  writing  to  me  here.  It 
is  a  great  satisfaction  to  hear  from  you  once  more  before  going 
into  a  region  where  mads  are  less  frequent  and  letters  less  cer- 
tain. But  nevertheless  continue  to  send  letters  after  me.  Heaven 
rewards  such  efforts,  even  if  they  fail.  Write  next  to  Calcutta, 
to  the  care  of  the  American  consul  there.  ...  I  have  three  rea- 
sons for  making  this  new  trip  :  it  is  the  urgent  wish  of  my  asso- 
ciates of  the  "  Tribune,"  who  have  furnished  me  with  ample 
means  ;  it  is  a  chance,  such  as  I  may  never  have  again,  of  seeing 
some  of  the  most  wonderful  cities  of  the  world  ;  and,  thirdly,  by 
spending  a  second  winter  in  a  warmer  climate  I  hope  to  secure 
my  present  good  health  beyond  the  possibility  of  relapse.  My 
frame  was  shaken  more  than  I  knew,  and  has  barely  recovered 
its  balance.  I  think  you  wdl  see  the  weight  of  these  reasons, 
and  agree  with  me  that  I  could  not  rightly  do  otherwise  than 
go.  .  .  . 

I  have  much  changed  during  the  past  year,  but  changed  in  a 
manner  that  brings  me  nearer  to  you.  In  spite  of  all  that 
you  say,  I  believe  you  are  stronger  than  I,  and,  because  I  have 
gained  in  strength  and  will,  I  feel  more  worthy  of  your  love, 
though  stdl  far,  far  below  the  character  you  give  me.  I  try  to 
think  well  of  my  own  efforts  because  you  do ;  but  my  last  vol- 
ume, which  I  found  here  the  other  day  after  long  search,  has  dis- 
heartened me  more  than  I  like  to  confess.  It  is  so  far  inferior 
to  what  I  anticipated  ;  it  is  unworthy  of  what  I  hoped  aud  still 
hope  to  do.  But  thank  Heaven,  I  am  young  yet,  and  capable  of 
better  things.  I  wish  I  could  see  your  last  volume.  Why  did 
you  not  send  it  here  to  meet  me  ?  Good  God,  what  would  I  not 
give  for  a  night  with  you  !    How  shall  I  get  through  this  com- 


240  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ing  year  without  seeing  you  ?  I,  too,  have  changed  in  my  ideas 
of  poetry.  I  have  been  a  slave  heretofore,  but  henceforth  I  will 
be  free.  My  aims  have  never  yet  been  acknowledged,  though  I 
have  received  far  more  praise  of  one  kind  or  other  than  I  deserve. 
During  my  whole  year  in  the  East  I  was  lying  fallow,  and  did 
next  to  nothing.  But  two  months  ago,  in  Malta,  I  picked  up  a 
volume  of  the  "Westminster  Review,"  wherein  I  read,  "B.  T. 
has  published  a  volume  of  Tennysonian  imitations,"  etc.  I  fired 
up  in  an  instant.  "  Damn  the  reviewer  !  "  I  said  to  myself.  "Be- 
fore he  dies  he  shall  tell  another  story,"  and  in  two  days  I  had 
conceived  at  least  six  new  poems.  This  convinced  me  that  the 
faculty  was  not  dead,  but  only  sleeping,  and  I  shall  never  doubt 
it  more.  H  God  gives  me  life  and  health  I  shall  prove  that  I 
am  something  better  than  a  mere  traveler,  —  a  reputation  which 
the  world  is  now  trying  to  force  upon  me.  But  enough  of  this 
stuff. 

I  am  writing  this  in  Southampton.  It  is  now  October  28th,  and 
to-morrow  I  leave  in  the  Madras  for  Gibraltar.  I  am  all  alone 
in  my  chamber  in  the  hotel,  and  write  as  vehemently  as  my 
thoughts.  Will  you  not  write  me  a  good  long  letter,  not  later 
than  December  1st,  to  the  care  of  the  American  Consul,  Calcutta  ? 
I  would  write  you  oftener  and  longer  letters  did  not  my  duties  to 
the  "  Tribune  "  occupy  so  much  of  my  time.  My  stay  of  two 
weeks  in  London  was  very  agreeable.  I  made  lots  of  friends, 
and  found  that  I  had  already  a  good  foothold  as  an  author.  Two 
or  three  publishers  were  anxious  to  treat  with  me  for  the  copy- 
right of  future  works.  My  "  Eldorado,"  it  appears,  has  had  a 
very  great  sale,  and  some  stray  copies  of  my  poems  have  found 
their  way  to  different  authors.  These  things  are  encouraging  ; 
and  when  I  compare  my  present  visit  to  London  with  my  former 
one,  seven  years  ago,  I  feel  cheered  by  the  comparison.  I  have 
seen  "  Calaynos  "  in  two  or  three  places,  and  heard  it  highly  spoken 
of.  Dick,  too,  is  making  headway  here.  I  shall  write  to  him  to- 
night. ...  I  anticipate  nothing  but  success  in  the  coming  trip, 
but  when  it  is  finished,  and  I  am  with  you  in  the  house,  what  a 
jubilee  !  Do  not  fail  to  write  oftener,  for  I  need  your  letters 
more  than  you  do  mine. 


TRAVELS  IN  THE  EAST.  241 


TO   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 

Southampton,  October  28,  1852. 

I  should  have  written  you  before  this,  but  my  stay  in  Lon- 
don was  given  up  to  the  necessary  preparations  for  the  new 
tour  I  have  before  me  ;  and  this,  with  the  numerous  invita- 
tions to  dinner,  —  so  kindly  offered  that  one  could  not  but  ac- 
cept them,  —  consumed  all  my  time.  Now,  however,  I  am  all 
alone  in  this  dull  seaport,  where  not  a  soul  knows  me,  and  take 
the  occasion  of  acknowledging  your  kind  notes  of  September 
4th  and  18th.  I  wish  we  could  have  met  in  England,  as  it  will 
be  another  year  before  I  reach  America,  and  then,  from  what 
your  English  friends  tell  me,  you  will  probably  be  settled  here. 
I  hope  you  will  find  reason  to  change  your  mind.  I  don't  see 
how  we  can  spare  you  at  home.  /  shall  sink  out  of  sight  as 
soon  as  you  leave.  I  have  no  doubt  that,  if  the  little  pyramid 
of  my  literary  reputation  were  taken  down,  I  should  find  the 
initials  "  J.  T.  F."  scratched  on  half  the  stones  composing  it. 

I  found  Bennoch  the  day  after  reaching  here.  He  is  both 
great  and  good,  and  I  am  indebted  to  him  for  a  deal  of  kind- 
ness. Grace  was  here  the  first  week,  but  left  about  eight  days 
ago  for  Paris  and  Rome.  Barry  Cornwall  is  not  at  home,  and 
Leigh  Hunt  is  waiting  on  a  sick  son,  —  so  I  have  seen  neither. 
I  have  become  acquainted,  however,  with  Charles  Mackay,  Ben- 
nett, and  good  old  Miss  Mitford,  with  whom  I  spent  an  after- 
noon. She  is  enthusiastic  in  your  praise  and  in  Louis  Napoleon's. 
I  agreed  with  her  concerning  the  former,  but  not  the  latter.  We 
had  a  merry  afternoon.  The  Russells  (do  you  know  them  ?) 
were  there,  and  I  narrowly  missed  meeting  "  Alton  Locke."  Al- 
together I  have  been  delighted  with  my  London  experiences 
this  time.  Bennoch  took  me  one  night  to  dine  with  the  alder- 
men, and  we  had  a  jolly  time.  America  was  toasted  with  nine 
cheers,  and  I  had  to  reply.  I  have  seen  Kossuth,  Mazzini, 
Freiligrath,  Mary  Howitt,  Murray,  Bogue,  and  a  number  of 
other  worthies.  But  the  greater  part  of  my  time  was  occupied 
in  writing  up  my  correspondence  for  the  "  Tribune  "  (which  I 
had  neglected  since  leaving  Constantinople),  and  hunting  for 
rare  books  and  maps. 

I  leave  here  to-morrow  in  the  Madras  for  Gibraltar,  where  I 
stop  and  take  three  weeks  to  visit  Seville,  Cordova,  and  the  Al- 
hambra.    Then  I  take  the  next  steamer  direct  for  Bombay,  go 
vol.  I.  16 


242  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

overland  to  Calcutta,  via  the  old  Indian  cities  of  Delhi,  Agra, 
and  Benares,  and  the  Himalayas  ;  embark  for  Singapore,  Ba- 
tavia,  and  Hong  Kong  ;  visit  Manila  and  the  Sandwiches  ;  and 
will  probably  find  my  way  home,  via  California,  some  time  next 
September.  It  is  a  glorious  prospect,  and  I  commence  the  jour- 
ney in  high  spirits.  I  am  led  into  these  wanderings  almost 
without  my  will ;  it  seems  to  be  my  destiny.  Where  I  shall  go 
next  Heaven  only  knows. 


CHAPTER  XI. 

THE   FARTHER   EAST. 

1852-1853. 

He  met  the  men  of  many  a  land ; 
They  gave  their  souls  into  his  hand. 

The  Palm  and  the  Pine. 

The  departure  of  Commodore  Perry  had  been  de- 
layed, so  that  Bayard  Taylor  was  enabled  to  make  a 
somewhat  leisurely  journey  to  the  point  where  he  was 
to  join  the  expedition.  He  was  glad  to  have  the  op- 
portunity of  visiting  Spain,  and  not  sorry  to  leave 
behind  him  the  autumnal  rains  of  England.  "The 
weather  was  cold,  dark,  and  dreary,"  he  writes,  "  and 
the  oppressive,  sticky  atmosphere  of  the  bituminous 
metropolis  weighed  upon  me  like  a  nightmare.  Heart- 
ily tired  of  looking  at  a  sun  that  could  show  nothing 
brighter  than  a  red  copper  disk,  and  of  breathing  an 
air  that  peppered  my  face  with  particles  of  soot,  I  left 
on  the  28th  of  October  [1852].  It  was  one  of  the 
dismalest  days  of  autumn ;  the  meadows  of  Berkshire 
were  flooded  with  broad,  muddy  streams,  and  the 
woods  on  the  hills  of  Hampshire  looked  brown  and 
sodden,  as  if  slowly  rotting  away.  I  reached  South- 
ampton at  dusk,  but  there  the  sky  was  neither  warmer 
nor  clearer ;  so  I  spent  the  evening  over  a  coal  fire,  all 
impatience  for  the  bright,  beloved  south,  toward  which 
my  face  was  turned  once  more." 


244  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

He  landed  at  Gibraltar  November  5th,  and  found 
himself  in  sunshine.  "  I  have  a  southern  soul,  it  seems," 
he  writes  in  his  diary,  "  for  I  feel  strongest  and  hap- 
piest when  I  am  where  the  sun  can  blaze  upon  me ;  " 
and  in  his  printed  narrative  of  the  same  day  he  says, 
"  I  am  a  worshiper  of  the  sun.  I  took  off  my  hat  to 
him,  as  I  stood  there,  in  a  wilderness  of  white,  crimson, 
and  purple  flowers,  aud  let  him  blaze  away  in  my  face 
for  a  quarter  of  an  hour.  And  as  I  walked  home  with 
my  back  to  him,  I  often  turned  my  face  from  side  to 
side  that  I  might  feel  his  touch  on  my  cheek."  He 
had  but  three  weeks  in  Spain,  yet  it  was  so  in  continu- 
ation of  his  Eastern  travel  that  wherever  he  went  he 
saw  rather  the  Saracen  than  the  Spaniard.  He  caught 
himself  writing  poems  which  had  their  impulse  from 
the  Orient,  and  he  donned  the  Andalusian  dress  for 
the  time ;  half  figuring  thus  the  facility  with  which  he 
slipped  into  the  life  of  the  people  amongst  whom  he 
was  especially  when  they  appealed  so  strongly  to  his 
native  love  of  the  bizarre.  When  well  on  his  way  to 
India  he  sketched  in  brief  the  course  of  his  travel  in  a 
letter  to  his  friend  Phillips. 

TO   JOHN   B.    PHILLIPS. 

Straits  of  Babelmandeb,  Mouth  of  the  Eed  Sea, 

December  17,  1852. 
...  I  left  England  on  the  29th  of  October,  and  reached  Gi- 
braltar in  six  and  a  half  days.  Thence  I  went  to  Cadiz,  up  the 
Guadalquivir  to  Seville  (beautiful  city  !)  ;  then  to  Cordova, 
where  I  saw  the  great  Moorish  mosque,  then  to  Baylen,  in  the 
borders  of  La  Mancha,  and  southward  by  way  of  Jaen  to  Gra- 
nada. There  I  stayed  four  days,  delighted  with  everything,  and 
especially  with  the  matchless  Alhambra,  the  crown  and  blossom 
of  Oriental  architecture.  Then  I  put  on  an  Andalusian  dress, 
took  a  guide  and  horses,  and  rode  through  the  robber-haunted 
mountains  of  Malaga  and  Honda,  —  as  wild  and  rough  a  journey 


THE  FARTHER   EAST.  245 

as  you  would  like  to  make  ;  but  I  went  through  it  safely,  iu 
spite  of  robbers,  storms,  and  swollen  rivers.  So  I  came  back  to 
Gibraltar  to  meet  the  India  mail,  and  left  again  November  27th. 
We  had  one  hundred  and  seventy  passengers,  among  them  num- 
bers of  English  officers,  who  supplied  me  with  abundance  of  let- 
ters to  all  j>arts  of  India.  We  touched  at  Malta,  and  reached 
Alexandria  December  8th.  Of  course  as  I  was  booked  for  Bom- 
bay, I  could  make  no  stay  in  Egypt,  but  was  hurried  on  to 
Cairo  and  Suez  with  the  other  passengers.  I  was  eight  or  ten 
hours  in  Cairo,  and  saw  my  faithful  dragoman  Achmet,  who  was 
beside  hiinself  with  joy.  Go  to  Egypt,  by  all  means,  before  you 
return  home  !  Give  up  Greece,  Palestine,  Constantinople,  if  you 
must,  but  go  to  Egypt !  We  left  Suez  on  the  night  of  the  11th, 
saw  Sinai  and  Horeb  the  next  morning,  passed  within  one  hun- 
dred miles  of  Mecca,  and  so  on  down  the  hot  Red  Sea  to  its 
mouth,  which  we  have  just  now  (ten  p.  m.)  reached.  We  saw 
the  town  of  Mocha  this  afternoon,  about  ten  miles  distant.  To- 
morrow morning  we  touch  at  Aden  to  coal,  and  I  shall  put  this 
letter  in  the  post-office  there,  hoping  that  in  time  you  will  safely 
get  it  at  Heidelberg.  .  .  . 

I  am  in  excellent  health  and  spirits,  though  a  heavy  head-sea 
and  dim  lamps  make  me  write  with  difficulty.  But  I  cannot 
neglect  the  first  opportunity  I  have  of  communicating  with  you. 
I  am  full  of  pleasant  anticipations  of  my  trip  in  India,  and  my 
later  voyage  to  China  and  Japan.  Is  it  not  a  rare  opportunity  ? 
The  only  thing  that  troubles  me  is  the  long  absence  from  my 
sanctuary,  and  the  little  I  can  do  for  my  art  while  thus  on  the 
wing.  I  have  written  eight  or  ten  short  poems,  Oriental  in 
style  and  subject,  but  can  attempt  nothing  of  any  magnitude 
till  I  get  home  again.  .  .  .  And  now,  my  dear  John,  I  must 
close,  hoping  that  if  you  have  not  already  written  you  will  do 
so  at  once.  God  grant  us  a  happy  meeting  after  our  wander- 
ings ! 

He  reached  Bombay  December  27,  1852,  and  after 
a  week's  stay  sent  his  heavier  baggage  by  steamer  to 
Calcutta,  and  proceeded  himself  across  the  Ghauts. 
A  week's  traveling  by  cart  brought  him  to  Indore, 
whence  he  went  to  Agra  and  from  Agra,  to  Delhi. 
There  he  was  still  a  thousand  miles  from  Calcutta, 


246  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

with  only  a  month  before  him,  but  he  could  not  resist 
the  temptation  to  get  a  glimpse  of  the  Himalayas,  and 
so  he  made  a  hasty  and  rough  journey  to  Landowr, 
the  highest  point  in  the  range  which  could  conven- 
iently be  reached  during  the  winter  season.  Turning 
back  to  Dehra,  he  went  on  to  Meerut,  and  by  Luck- 
now  to  Cawnpore.  At  Allahabad  he  struck  the 
Ganges,  and  making  a  short  stay  at  Benares  reached 
Calcutta  February  21st. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Calcutta,  February  24,  1853. 
Here  am  I  at  last  in  the  city  of  palaces,  all  my  journeys  in 
India  finished,  and  with  a  ticket  for  Hong  Kong  (to  leave  in 
two  days)  in  my  pocket.  During  less  than  two  months  I  have 
traveled  2,200  miles  in  the  interior.  If  you  look  on  the  map, 
and  draw  a  line  from  Bombay  to  Agra  and  Delhi,  and  thence 
northward  to  the  Himalaya  Mountains,  where  they  intersect 
latitude  31°,  thence  southeast  to  Lucknow,  Benares,  and  Cal- 
cutta, you  will  see  what  my  track  has  been,  and  how  much 
ground  I  have  gone  over.  .  .  .  My  whole  journey  through  India 
has  been  a  succession  of  narrow  escapes,  but  I  have  come  off 
clear.  Now  I  can  breathe  freely,  for  the  hardships  of  my  jour- 
ney are  all  over,  and  steam  shall  tug  me  all  the  rest  of  the  way 
around  the  world.  My  health,  of  course,  is  excellent.  How 
could  it  be  otherwise  ?  All  climates  are  the  same  to  me.  I 
have  met  nothing  but  kindness  from  one  end  of  India  to  the 
other.  Every  door  was  open,  and  I  was  free  to  stay  as  long  as  I 
chose.  It  was  a  great  satisfaction  to  find  that  I  was  already 
known.  *  Eldorado  '  has  been  before  me,  and  all  the  intelligent 
Englishmen  I  meet  have  read  it.  I  found  a  copy,  in  a  library  at 
the  foot  of  the  Himalayas  !  The  Indian  newspapers  have  noticed 
my  progress  through  the  country  in  the  kindest  terms. 

Although  so  rapid  a  journey  permitted  only  the 
record  of  impressions  formed  by  a  quick-eyed  traveler, 
the  accuracy  and  trustworthiness  of  those  impressions 
have  been  testified  to  by  many  subsequent  travelers. 


THE  FARTHER  EAST.  247 

All  the  guide-books  to  India  contain  passages  from 
his  descriptions  as  still  the  best.  This  is  especially 
true  of  his  description  of  the  Taj  Mahal.  The  letters 
to  the  "  Tribune "  were  necessarily  rather  sketches 
than  full  narratives  or  elaborate  observations.  The 
"contact  with  India,  however,  which  this  rough  excur- 
sion gave,  had  a  value  for  Bayard  Taylor,  who  had  al- 
ready begun  in  his  mind  those  studies  of  human  life 
and  faith  which  he  was  afterward  to  make  the  basis  of 
poems  of  cosmic  thought.  "  There  is  something,"  he 
wrote  at  Bombay,  "  in  every  form  of  religion  worthy 
of  general  respect;  and  he  who  does  not  feel  this 
can  neither  understand  nor  appreciate  the  art  which 
sprang  from  the  ancient  faiths.  Our  teachers  of  re- 
ligion speak  with  sincere  and  very  just  horror  and  con- 
tempt of  all  forms  of  idolatry,  yet  under  pain  of  their 
anathemas  I  dare  assert  that  he  who  can  revile  Osiris 
and  Amun-Re  is  unworthy  to  behold  the  wonders  of 
Thebes.  The  Christian  need  not  be  an  iconoclast ; 
nay,  more,  his  very  faith,  in  its  perfect  charity  and  its 
bovmdless  love,  obliges  him  to  respect  the  shrines 
where  the  mighty  peoples  of  the  ancient  world  have 
bowed  and  worshiped.  Besides,  there  is  truth,  how- 
ever dim  and  eclipsed,  behind  all  these  outward  sym- 
bols. Even  the  naked  and  savage  Dinkas  of  Central 
Africa  worship  trees  ;  and  so  do  I.  The  Parsees  wor- 
ship the  sun,  as  the  greatest  visible  manifestation  of 
the  Deity;  and  I  assure  you  I  have  felt  very  much 
inclined  to  do  the  same,  when  he  and  I  were  alone  in 
the  desert."  » 

Besides  this,  it  was  a  pleasure  to  him  to  see,  as  he 
occasionally  did,  not  only  the  magnificence  of  temple 
and  castle,  but  the  pomp  and  pageantry  of  ceremony 

1  A  Visit  to  India,  China,  and  Japan  in  the  Year  1853,  pp.  50,  51. 


248  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

and  ritual.  Lucknow,  with  its  gayety  and  prodigality 
of  riches,  was  a  feast  to  his  eyes,  and  he  enjoyed  to  the 
full  his  own  impromptu  share  in  the  display  of  the 
city.  He  had  been  invited  by  a  British  officer  to 
make  an  excursion  through  the  place. 

"We  were  joined  by  one  of  Captain  Sleeman's 
friends,  and  mounted  on  three  of  the  king's  largest 
elephants.  With  our  gilded  howdahs,  long  crimson 
housings,  and  the  resplendent  dresses  of  the  drivers 
and  umbrella  holders  who  sat  behind  us,  on  the  ele- 
phants' rumps,  we  made  as  stately  a  show  as  any  of 
the  native  princes.  It  was  the  fashionable  hour  for 
appearing  in  public,  and  as  we  entered  the  broad 
street  leading  to  the  Eoomee  Derwazee  it  was  filled 
with  a  long  string  of  horses  and  elephants,  surging 
slowly  through  the  dense  crowd  of  pedestrians.  We 
plunge  boldly  into  the  tumult,  and,  having  the  royal 
elephants  and  footmen  gifted  with  a  ten-man  power 
of  lungs,  make  our  way  without  difficulty.  It  is  a 
barbaric  pageant,  wholly  to  my  liking,  and  as  I  stare 
solemnly  at  the  gorgeous  individuals  on  the  elephants 
that  pass  us  I  forget  that  I  have  not  a  turban  around 
my  brows."  1 

He  left  Calcutta  February  28th,  glad  to  accept  the 
repose  of  the  sea  in  exchange  for  the  wearisome  jolt- 
ing over  rough  roads  which  had  so  lately  been  his  ex- 
perience, and  after  touching  at  Singapore  arrived  at 
Hong  Kong  March  16th.  The  United  States  steam- 
frigate  Susquehanna  was  lying  in  the  harbor  just 
ready  to  sail  for  Macao,  and  Captain  Buchanan  at 
once  invited  Bayard  Taylor  to  accompany  him  to  that 
port,  where  he  could  take  a  steamer  to  Canton.  At 
Macao  he  went  to  pay  his  respects  to  Colonel  Hum- 

1  A  Visit  to  India,  China,  and  Japan  in  the  Year  1853,  p.  226. 


THE  FARTHER  EAST.  249 

phrey  Marshall,  the  United  States  minister  there, 
when  that  gentleman  at  once  proposed  to  make  him 
an  attache  of  the  embassy  which  was  jnst  about  to 
leave  for  Shanghai,  and  possibly  Nankin.  The  Impe- 
rial Commissioner  with  whom  Colonel  Marshall  was  to 
.treat  was  at  that  time  at  the  head  of  the  Chinese  army, 
which  was  attempting  to  put  down  the  revolt  headed 
by  Tien-Teh,  and  afterwards  by  Tae-Ping.  The  pro- 
posal took  Bayard  by  surprise,  but  he  could  not  hesi- 
tate a  moment.  The  possibility  of  seeing  Nankin,  a 
city  which  not  more  than  half  a  dozen  Europeans  had 
at  that  time  ever  visited,  was  enough  in  itself  to  de- 
cide him.  So  the  next  day  he  was  again  on  board  the 
Susquehanna. 

"  It  was  worth  all  my  long  wanderings  in  foreign 
lands  and  among  strange  races,"  he  writes,  "  to  expe- 
rience the  pride  and  satisfaction  of  walking  the  deck 
of  a  national  vessel,  and  hearing  again  the  stirring 
music  of  our  national  airs.  One  must  drink  deep  of 
absence  and  exile  to  learn  the  tenderness  of  that  re- 
gard for  his  native  land  which  at  home  lies  latent 
and  unsuspected  at  the  bottom  of  his  nature.  I  want 
no  man  for  a  friend  whose  heart  will  not  beat  more 
warmly  at  the  sight  of  his  country's  banner  floating 
on  a  distant  sea." 

The  Susquehanna  reached  Shanghai  March  28th, 
and  three  days  later  the  commissioner  decided  to  start 
for  Nankin.  Unfortunately,  the  vessel  was  very  ill- 
managed  by  the  pilots,  and  after  repeated  attempts  to 
ascend  the  river  it  was  pronounced  impracticable,  and 
the  Susquehanna  returned  to  Shanghai.  As  a  matter 
of  fact  the  same  vessel  went  up  with  great  ease  the 
next  summer.  All  sorts  of  rumors  reached  Shanghai 
as  to  the  success  of  the  rebels  and  the  probable  fate 


250  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

of  Shanghai  itself,  and  the  period  of  Bayard  Taylor's 
detention  there  was  one  of  great  excitement,  as  well  as 
of  unusual  opportunities  for  obtaining  a  knowledge  of 
China  and  the  Chinese. 

At  last  on  the  3d  of  May  the  mail-steamer  arrived 
bringing  the  European  and  American  mails,  and  news 
that  Commodore  Perry  had  left  Hong  Kong ;  the  next 
day  the  Mississippi,  his  flagship,  dropped  anchor  be- 
side the  Susquehanna.  Bayard  Taylor  at  once  pre- 
sented himself  to  the  commodore  with  his  letters,  and 
after  some  diplomacy  received  the  appointment  of 
master's  mate. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Shanghai.  China,  May  8,  1853. 

The  question  is  settled  this  morning,  and  fortunately  just  in 
time  for  the  mail  which  closes  this  afternoon.  I  am  to  accom- 
pany the  expedition  to  Japan,  in  the  capacity  of  —  imagine  it  if 
you  can  !  —  master's  mate  !  with  a  salary  of  $300  a  year,  and  six 
dollars  a  month  for  rations.  Oh,  what  a  falling  off  !  From  the 
attache  of  an  embassy  to  master's  mate  on  board  a  man  of  war. 
Think  of  me  hereafter  as  wearing  a  blue  coat,  with  big  gilt  but- 
tons, a  gilt  anchor  on  the  front  of  my  cap,  and  a  terrible  sword 
by  my  side.  I  belong  to  the  great  American  Navy  —  that 
glorious  institution  which  scatters  civilization  in  every  broadside, 
and  illuminates  the  dark  places  of  the  earth  with  the  light  of  its 
rockets  and  bomb-shells.  Now  shall  the  name  of  Taylor  be  as 
renowned  upon  the  sea  as  it  already  is  upon  the  land. 

Seriously,  I  consider  myself  most  fortunate.  The  rules  of 
the  Navy  Department  are  so  strict  in  regard  to  the  expedition 
that  nobody  has  been  allowed  to  accompany  it  except  in  some 
naval  capacity.  Everybody  has  been  refused.  English  noble- 
men, German  barons,  and  American  scholars  have  applied  in 
vain,  and  the  mere  chance  of  a  vacancy  in  a  merely  nominal  of- 
fice has  enabled  me  to  join.  I  shall  have  nothing  to  do  con- 
nected with  the  service,  except  in  case  of  need,  to  act  as  messen- 
ger from  one  part  of  the  squadron  to  another,  or  similar  small 
duties.  The  captain  of  the  Susquehanna,  who  is  my  fast  friend, 
applied  to  have  me  as  his  clerk.     The  commodore  refused,  and 


THE  FARTHER  EAST.  251 

for  a  few  days  I  had  not  the  slightest  hopes  of  going.  By- 
dexterous  management  I  have  succeeded  in  bringing  a  good  deal 
of  influence  to  bear  upon  the  commodore,  who  is  a  blunt,  honest 
old  fellow  and  well-disposed  towards  me,  and  he  this  morning 
gave  his  consent.  He  prefers  that  I  should  join  as  master's 
mate,  because  I  should  then  be  under  his  immediate  command, 
and  could  accompany  him  in  all  his  official  visits  and  excursions 
on  shore.  This  will  give  me  the  very  position  I  seek.  I  shall 
mess  with  the  midshipmen  of  the  Susquehanna,  and  the  artist 
(an  old  friend  of  mine),  daguerreotypist,  and  telegraphist.  The 
rules  of  the  service  forbid  me  writing  a  line  for  publication1  and 
oblige  me  at  the  end  of  the  cruise  to  give  up  my  journal  to  the 
Navy  Department.  But  I  shall  have  little  difficulty,  through 
Commodore  Perry's  aid,  in  reclaiming  it  aud  publishing  a  history 
of  the  expedition. 

In  this,  however,  he  was  disappointed.  He  kept  a 
full  journal,  which  was  delivered  to  the  Navy  Depart- 
ment, but  never  returned  to  the  writer.  He  was 
obliged,  therefore,  to  rely  upon  his  memory  and  upon 
his  letters  home  to  write,  after  he  had  left  the  service, 
a  brief  narrative  of  his  share  in  the  expedition.  He 
regretted  this  especially  in  the  case  of  the  visit  which 
he  made  to  the  Loo-Choo  Islands,  of  which  he  made  a 
full  report  to  Commodore  Perry,  who  pronounced  it  of 
great  value.  It  was  used,  as  well  as  other  portions  of 
his  journal,  by  Dr.  Hawks  in  his  "  Narrative  of  the 
Expedition  of  an  American  Squadron  to  the  China 
Seas  and  Japan,"  published  by  Congress  in  1856. 

The  Susquehanna,  which  had  become  the  commo- 
dore's flagship,  left  Shanghai  May  17th,  for  a  trip  to 
the  Loo-Choo  Islands  and  afterward  to  the  Bonin  Isl- 
ands. On  returning  to  Loo-Choo  June  24th,  the  Plym- 
outh, one  of  the  vessels  of  the  squadron,  was  found 
in  the  harbor,  having  on  board  the  mail  for  the  Sus- 

1  He  received  permission,  however,  to  write  to  the  Tribune  special  let- 
ters, which  first  passed  under  the  commodore's  eye. 


252  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

quehanna.  It  was  welcome  news  to  Bayard  Taylor, 
for  he  had  had  no  word  from  America  since  he  left 
Alexandria,  December  8,  1852,  and  the  large  package 
of  letters  which  had  been  accumulating  for  him  at  dif- 
ferent places,  and  had  at  last  been  forwarded  to  Hong 
Kong,  gave  him  abundant  food  for  thought  on  the 
voyage  to  Japan.  Especially  interesting  was  the  .in- 
telligence in  a  letter  from  his  mother  that  his  father 
had  made  a  bargain  for  eighty  acres  of  land  near  the 
Taylor  homestead  on  his  account.  His  mother  had 
known  of  his  wish  some  day  to  own  this  land,  and 
had  brought  matters  to  a  successful  conclusion.  The 
property  thus  bought  was  the  Pusey  farm,  afterward 
named  Cedarcroft,  so  dear  from  that  time  forward  to 
its  owner.  How  exciting  to  him  was  the  news  of  the 
purchase  can  be  judged  when  one  reads  the  account 
which  he  afterward  gave  of  a  bit  of  earth  steeped  in 
early  and  late  associations. 

"  It  happened,"  he  says,  "  that  adjoining  my  fa- 
ther's property  there  was  an  old  farm,  which  was  fast 
relapsing  into  a  state  of  nature.  Thirty  or  forty  years 
had  passed  since  the  plough  had  touched  any  part  of 
it.  The  owner,  who  lived  upon  another  estate  at  a 
little  distance,  had  always  declined  to  sell,  —  perhaps 
for  the  reason  that  no  purchaser  could  be  found  to 
offer  an  encouraging  price.  Left  thus  to  herself,  na- 
ture played  all  sorts  of  wild  and  picturesque  pranks 
with  the  property.  Two  heaps  of  stones  were  all  that 
marked  the  site  of  the  house  and  barn ;  half  a  dozen 
ragged  plum  and  peach  trees  hovered  around  the  out- 
skirts of  the  vanished  garden,  the  melancholy  surviv- 
ors of  all  its  bloom  and  fruitage ;  and  a  mixture  of 
tall  sedge-grass,  sumacs,  and  blackberry  bushes  cov- 
ered the  fields.     The  hawthorn  hedges  which  lined 


THE  FARTHER  EAST.  253 

the  lane  had  disappeared,  but  some  clumps  of  privet 
still  held  their  ground  and  the  wild  grape  and  scarlet- 
berried  celastrus  clambered  all  over  the  tall  sassafras 
and  tulip  trees. 

"  Along  the  road  which  bounded  this  farm  on  the 
east  stood  a  grove  of  magnificent  oaks,  more  than  a 
hundred  feet  in  height.  Standing  too  closely  to  per- 
mit of  lateral  boughs  near  the  earth,  their  trunks  rose 
like  a  crowded  colonnade  clear  against  the  sky,  and 
the  sunset,  burning  through,  took  more  gorgeous  hues 
of  orange  and  angry  crimson.  Knowing  that  if  the 
farm  were  sold,  those  glorious  trees  would  probably 
be  the  first  to  fall,  and  that  the  sunset  would  thereby 
for  me  lose  half  its  splendor,  I  gradually  came  to 
contemplate  them  with  the  interest  which  an  uncer- 
tain, suspended  fate  inspires.  ...  In  another  wood  of 
chestnuts,  beyond  the  field,  the  finest  yellow  violets 
were  to  be  found ;  the  azaleas  blossomed  in  their  sea- 
son, and  the  ivory  Indian-pipe  sprang  up  under  the 
beech  trees.  Sometimes  we  extended  our  rambles  to 
the  end  of  the  farm,  and  looked  down  into  the  se- 
cluded dells  beyond  the  ridge  which  it  covered.  Such 
glimpses  were  like  the  discovery  of  unknown  lands. 
How  far  off  the  other  people  lived  !  How  strange  it 
must  be  to  dwell  continually  down  in  that  hollow, 
with  no  other  house  in  sight !  But  when  I  build  a 
house,  I  thought,  I  shall  build  it  up  on  the  ridge,  with 
a  high  steeple,  from  the  top  of  which  I  can  see  far 
and  wide."  1 

This  was  the  vision  which  again  rose  to  his  eyes  in 
those  far  Eastern  waters,  as  he  read  his  letters  from 
home,  and  although  he  could  not,  and  did  not  wish  to 
withdraw  from  the  expedition  on  which  he  had  set 

1  At  Home  and  Abroad,  ii.  pp.  3-5. 


254  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

out,  his  plans  and  hopes  for  the  future  were  quickened 
by  the  new  knowledge. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Napa,  Loo-Choo,  June  28,  1853. 
I  very  much  hope  father  has  made  the  bargain  with  John 
Pusey.  I  have  always  wanted  to  get  hold  of  the  property,  and 
the  terms  he  offers  strike  me  as  very  reasonable.  If  I  have  it,  I 
promise  you  not  a  sound  tree  on  the  place  shall  come  down.  I 
intend  also  getting  the  fifty  acres  which  I  proposed  buying  of 
father,  and  later,  perhaps  the  forty  now  held  by  Uncle  M.  My 
idea  is  to  get  as  much  land  as  possible  adjoining  father's  prop- 
erty, so  as  to  create  a  large  family  homestead  estate.  I  shall  not 
be  able  to  live  on  my  part  of  it  for  many  years  to  come,  but  it 
will  be  a  satisfaction  to  secure  it,  and  the  money  is  not  lost.  .  .  . 
If  the  Japan  business  is  over  this  summer  (which  I  very  much 
doubt),  I  shall  have  a  splendid  chance  to  make  something  out  of 
it.  If  not,  I  shall  resign  my  situation  and  return  home,  for  I 
cannot  remain  another  year,  even  for  the  opportunity  of  writing 
the  history  of  the  expedition.  I  am  beginning  to  get  a  little 
tired  of  travel,  and  I  miss  the  society  to  which  I  have  been  ac- 
customed. I  shall  not  want  to  leave  home  again  for  a  long,  long 
time  after  I  get  back.  .  .  . 

The  squadron  sailed  from  the  harbor  of  Napa-Kiang 
July  2,  1853,  and  six  days  later  made  a  headland  not 
far  south  of  the  great  bay  of  Yedo.  It  was  not  till 
the  14th  that  the  preliminary  ceremonies  were  dis- 
missed and  the  first  foreign  ambassadors  since  the  ex- 
pulsion of  the  Portuguese  were  received  on  Japanese 
soil.  We  have  become  so  familiar  with  Japan  since 
that  day  and  there  has  been  so  much  reciprocal  rela- 
tion, that  the  hasty  notes  which  could  be  made  of 
sights  which  were  then  strange  and  full  of  promise 
have  been  largely  superseded  by  more  liberal  narra- 
tives, but  there  remains  the  very  interesting  account 
of  a  most  suggestive  meeting  of  the  American  and 
Japanese   representatives.     Commodore   Perry  made 


THE  FARTHER  EAST.  255 

only  initial  overtures  on  this  short  visit  and  returned 
the  following  summer  to  complete  the  diplomatic  rela- 
tions of  the  two  countries.  The  squadron  now  re- 
mained but  three  days  longer  in  the  bay  of  Yedo.  On 
the  17th  of  July  it  took  its  leave  and,  after  a  short 
stay  again  at  Loo-Choo,  reached  Hong  Kong  August 
7th.  Here  the  squadron  was  divided,  and  the  Sus- 
quehanna after  touching  at  Macao  was  ordered  to 
Cumsingmoon,  a  Chinese  island  about  fifteen  miles 
farther  north,  where  was  a  good  anchorage,  good  wa- 
ter, and  healthy  air. 

TO   GEORGE    H.    BOKER. 

U.  S.  S.  Susquehanna, 
Macao,  China,  August  11, 1853. 

Your  letter  of  November  25,  1852,  reached  me  at  Loo-Choo 
on  the  25th  of  June,  1853.  So  far  am  I  removed  from  you,  from 
home  and  civilization.  What  have  I  not  seen  and  experienced  in 
that  time  ?  yet  all  that  experience  seems  to  be  urging  me  far- 
ther and  farther  away,  till  I  am  ready  to  write  to  you  as  to  an  in- 
habitant of  a  different  planet.  If  you  could  have  received  a  let- 
ter which  I  wrote  to  you  in  April  last,  you  would  have  known 
what  a  mighty  yearning  I  have  for  the  old  life  of  home  ;  but 
that  letter  now  lies  at  the  bottom  of  the  China  Sea,  in  the  hold 
of  a  sunken  steamer,  with  thirty  or  forty  drowned  seamen  and 
lascars.  You  will  see  that  I  have  neither  forgotten  nor  neg- 
lected you.  I  do  my  best  to  keep  the  place  you  have  given  me 
in  your  heart,  because  every  day  of  my  life  teaches  me  better 
how  to  value  it.  Your  letter  was  a  rare  joy  to  me,  for  seven 
months  bad  passed  over  my  head  without  a  word  from  home, 
and  I  was  fast  growing  reckless  and  desperate.  We  were  about 
leaving  for  Japan,  for  an  indefinite  length  of  time,  and  in  a  clay 
or  two  more  I  should  have  been  beyond  the  reach  of  mails,  when 
one  of  the  vessels  of  the  squadron  arrived  from  Shanghai,  bring- 
ing me  a  large  packet  of  letters.  I  need  only  say  to  you  that 
when  I  received  them  1  nearly  cracked  my  skull  against  one  of 
the  timbers  of  the  orlop-deck,  where  I  was  domiciled,  without 
being  sensible  of  the  blow. 

I  suppose  you  know  something  of  my  movements  since  leaving 


256  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

London.  I  hope  so,  for  I  am  not  in  the  mood  for  narrating 
them.  They  are  nearly  all  thrust  far  back  in  my  memory  by 
more  recent  things.  I  saw  Spain  and  India  by  the  way,  and 
spent  two  months  in  China  as  attache  to  the  American  Legation  ; 
and  on  the  arrival  of  the  squadron  at  Shanghai  succeeded  in  get- 
ting on  board  the  flagship  for  the  expedition  to  Japan  by  enter- 
ing the  service.  Yes,  George,  I  give  you  liberty  to  laugh  at  me 
to  your  heart's  content.  I  am  nothing  but  a  "  master's  mate  "  in 
the  navy,  privileged  to  wear  an  anchor  on  my  cap,  and  a  blue 
coat  with  eighteen  buttons  ;  allowed  to  go  up  and  down  the 
gangways  by  the  port  ladders  ;  to  smoke  cigars  forward  of  the 
main  shaft  ;  to  mess  in  the  cockpit  ;  to  salute  the  quarter-deck  ; 
to  take  off  my  cap  to  the  commodore,  and  swear  at  the  seamen. 
I  appear  at  "  general  quarters  "  with  a  cutlass  belted  at  my 
side  ;  and  in  Japan  I  went  so  far  as  to  stand  my  night-watch 
with  a  loaded  carbine,  ready  to  repel  the  enemies  of  my  country. 
"  I  have  done  the  state  some  service  ;  "  but  alas  !  the  state  will 
never  know  or  recognize  it.  Well,  we  shall  at  least  have  a  jolly 
laugh  together,  when  I  can  tell  you  of  my  performances  in  this 
new  role.  It  will  ruin  forever  my  small  reputation  as  a  poet,  I 
fear,  for  the  world  believes  that  a  poet  can  never  be  anything 
else  than  a  poet,  least  of  all  a  naval  officer. 

We  sailed  from  Shanghai  in  May,  and  went  to  the  great  Loo- 
Choo  island,  a  place  little  visited  and  little  known.  The  commo- 
dore made  me  one  of  an  expedition  to  explore  the  interior,  which 
was  wholly  unknown.  We  had  a  remarkable  week's  work, 
tramping  up  mountain  and  down  dale,  surrounded  with  spies, 
avoided  as  a  pestilence,  and  yet  treated  with  the  greatest  possi- 
ble respect.  We  were  enchanted  with  the  beauty  of  the  scenery, 
and  made  some  interesting  discoveries.  Early  in  June  we  sailed 
for  the  Bonin  Islands,  eight  hundred  miles  to  the  eastward, 
where  we  found  a  colony  of  runaway  sailors,  living  like  Robin- 
son Crusoes,  with  Kanaka  women  for  their  mates.  Here  I  was 
appointed  to  the  command  of  an  exploring  party,  and  had  a 
frightful  labor  in  crawling  through  impenetrable  forests  and 
scaling  impassable  precipices.  It  was  a  task  to  my  liking,  and  I 
had  one  or  two  manly,  resolute  fellows  with  me.  The  age  of  ad- 
venture is  nearly  past,  but  I  have  had  some  few  tastes  of  its 
spirit,  —  enough,  I  fear,  to  subject  me  to  visitations  of  unquiet 
and  the  thirst  for  a  roving,  venturesome  life  for  the  rest  of  my 
days.     We  returned  to  Loo-Choo,  whence  we  sailed  on  the  2d  of 


THE  FARTHER  EAST.  257 

July  for  Japan.  How  we  fared  there  you  will  learn  from  the 
newspapers.  I  have  sent  a  full  account  to  the  "  Tribune."  The 
■visit  was  interesting  to  me  from  its  historical  importance,  and  it 
is  a  source  of  some  satisfaction  to  have  participated  in  it,  but  I 
should  never  choose  Japan  as  a  field  of  travel.  China  I  hope 
never  to  see  again.  These  people  lack  all  sense  of  art,  and  their 
most  celebrated  productions  are  at  best  but  labored  monstrosi- 
ties. I  have  taken  an  inveterate  disgust  to  them,  and  shall  re- 
joice greatly  when  I  see  their  stupid,  impassive,  yellow  visages 
for  the  last  time.  We  reached  here  a  few  days  ago,  on  our  re- 
turn from  Japan  ;  and  as  the  squadron  will  not  leave  again  for 
Yedo  before  next  May,  I  am  about  to  resign  my  place  and  return 
home  by  the  first  opportunity.  You  may  expect  me  in  Philadel- 
phia about  New  Year's  Day,  1854,  when  I  shall  claim  the  wel- 
come, the  seat,  and  the  bottle,  which  you  promise  me  in  your 
new  house. 

I  have  been  greatly  shocked  and  depressed  for  the  past  few 
days  by  an  accident  which  occurred  while  we  were  lying  at  Hong 
Kong.  My  hammock-boy,  who  was  one  of  the  finest  men  in  the 
ship,  fell  overboard  during  the  mid-watch,  and  was  drowned.  I 
was  awakened  from  sleep  by  his  drowning  cries,  and  saw  him 
struggle  and  sink  without  being  able  to  save  him.  He  showed  a 
manly  attachment  for  me,  which  I  fully  repaid,  for  wherever  I 
go  I  must  have  some  one  on  whom  to  spend  the  surplus  of  my 
affection.  Not  two  hours  before  his  death  he  had  for  the  first 
time  partly  made  me  a  confidant,  for  he  was  of  a  respectable 
family  and  serving  under  a  false  name.  A  large  property  had 
been  left  him,  and  he  was  desirous  of  getting  permission  to  re- 
turn home.  Yet  so  sadly  did  the  poor  fellow  talk,  and  so  loath 
was  he  to  leave  the  place  where  my  hammock  was  slung,  that  I 
am  certain  the  shadow  of  death  was  then  upon  him.  Great  God  ! 
is  there  an  unrelenting  fate  in  the  world,  ever  ready  to  snatch 
from  our  lips  every  cup  which  might  relieve  the  fever  and  weari- 
ness of  life  ?  That  man's  last  bubbling  cry  is  still  in  my  ears, 
torturing  me  anew  with  doubts  of  the  justice  of  Providence.  I 
shall  never  lose  the  recollection  of  it.  He  was  one  of  the  main- 
topmen,  who  are  selected  from  the  best  men  in  the  ship,  and  one 
of  his  mates  immediately  offered  to  take  his  place  as  my  boy.  I 
wrote  an  inscription  for  the  tombstone  of  another,  who  died  in 
Hong  Kong,  and  thereby  gained  the  cordial  good-will  of  all  the 
men,  who  take  every  occasion  to  show  it  by  such  trifling  acts  of 

vol.  i.  17 


258  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

attention  as  they  can  give  me.  There  are  some  fine  fellows 
among  them,  and  I  shall  feel  more  regret  at  parting  with  them 
than  with  most  of  the  officers  on  board.  I  am  waiting  for  letters 
by  the  steamer  Powhatan,  which  went  off  to  Loo-Choo  before 
our  arrival,  with  three  months'  mails  on  board.  When  I  get  my 
letters  I  shall  take  measures  for  returning  home,  probably  in  a 
clipper  ship,  direct  for  New  York,  as  there  are  no  American  ves- 
sels up  for  San  Francisco.  I  shall  have  ninety  days  at  sea,  in 
that  case,  —  ninety  days  of  perfect  rest  and  quiet,  —  and  shall 
try  to  do  something  in  the  way  of  poetry.  I  shall  have  little  to 
show  you  else,  and  that  little,  I  fear,  will  disappoint  you.  There 
is  a  poem  of  mine  in  the  June  number  of  "  Blackwood,"  which 
you  may  not  have  seen,  remarkable  only  for  my  theft  of  a  meas- 
ure in  your  "  Song  of  the  Earth."  What  would  I  not  give  to 
have  your  new  poems  and  tragedies  to  read  and  criticise  (!)  on 
the  way  home  !  Tell  Stoddard  that  a  letter  of  mine  to  him  lies 
at  the  bottom  of  the  China  Sea,  but  I  would  also  write  a  note  to 
him  if  he  had  not  neglected  me  so  cruelly.  Give  my  love  to 
him,  nevertheless,  and  to  Read,  who  seems  to  have  dropped  me 
out  of  his  memory. 

Macao,  August  18,  1853. 
Since  commencing  this  letter,  I  have  been  at  the  anchorage  of 
Cumsingmoon,  about  fifteen  miles  to  the  northward  of  this  place. 
I  was  there  four  days,  when  the  commodore,  who  had  taken  a 
house  here,  sent  for  the  artists  (among  whom  I  am  classed)  to 
come  down,  and  take  up  their  quarters  in  a  large  building  which 
he  has  hired  as  an  hospital  for  seamen.  It  is  a  fine  old  Portu- 
guese mansion,  in  the  highest  part  of  the  town,  and  we  find  it  an 
airy  and  agreeable  residence  for  a  tropical  summer.  Here  I 
shall  stay  until  I  leave  for  home.  I  have  not  yet  recovered  from 
my  regret  at  leaving  the  noble  old  Susquehanna,  and  nothing  but 
my  long  absence  from  home,  and  the  necessity  of  returning  to 
take  charge  of  my  neglected  business  matters,  prevents  me  from 
remaining  and  seeing  the  cruise  to  an  end.  In  spite  of  all  its 
disagreeable  features  this  ocean  life  exercises  a  powerful  fascina- 
tion upon  me,  and  I  find  myself  frequently  lamenting  that  I  am 
not  young  enough  to  adopt  it.  This  is  idle  and  ridiculous,  of 
course,  but  we  can't  always  control  our  fancies  ;  and  for  my  part, 
I  am  as  prone  to  whimsical  longings  as  a  pregnant  woman.  The 
secret  of  it  is,  perhaps,  that  there  are  among  the  men  a  few 
blunt,  hardy,  honest,  and  wholly  manly  natures,  whom  I  cordially 


THE   FARTHER   EAST.  259 

esteem,  and  who,  in  their  rough  way,  show  an  attachment  for 
me.  Since  I  parted  with  my  Spanish  muleteer  in  Gibraltar, 
theirs  are  the  first  faces  in  which  I  have  read  a  manly  affection 
for  myself,  —  au  affection  in  which  I  feel  honored.  There  is 
room  in  one's  heart,  you  know,  for  a  score  of  these  simple 
friendships,  and  I  am  restless  and  unhappy  when  I  am  without 
.them.  Do  not  fear  that  I  am  prodigal  of  my  feelings,  and  shall 
spend  all  their  best  warmth  during  my  rovings,  so  that  I  shall 
go  back  to  you  with  a  languid  love.  No,  my  dear  George,  we 
know  each  other  too  well  for  anything  to  shake  that  steady  faith 
in  each  other  which  is  the  greatest  happiness  Heaven  has  left 
to  me. 

You  speak  of  changes  which  absence  and  my  varied  experi- 
ences have  wrought  in  me.  Alas  !  I  fear  you  will  find  little 
growth  in  anything,  except  in  my  attachment  to  yourself.  I 
have  gained,  indeed,  a  considerable  accession  of  mere  knowledge, 
and  perhaps  a  better  insight  into  the  mysteries  of  human  nature  ; 
but  I  do  not  feel  that  I  have  advanced  in  art,  or  am,  as  I  should 
be  by  this  time,  a  better  poet.  Perhaps  when  the  harvest  of  new 
thought  shall  be  ripe  I  may  find  my  gain,  for  I  cannot  say  that 
I  am  disheartened  by  the  consciousness  of  how  little  I  have  done. 
You  may  see  in  Putnam's  new  magazine  a  poem  called  "  Cama- 
deva,"  which  I  sent  him.  It  is  a  fair  sample  of  the  few  I  have 
written  —  the  sum  of  my  labors  for  two  years  !  I  feel  a  kind  of 
shame  creep  over  me  when  you  speak  of  your  hopes  for  me. 

I  have  relented  towards  Dick,  and  send  him  a  note  by  the 
same  mail  which  carries  this.  But  the  lazy  fellow  has  no  excuse 
for  not  writing  to  me.  What  is  he  doing?  My  latest  news 
from  home  are  no  later  than  the  middle  of  February.  The 
Powhatan  has  not  yet  returned  from  Loo-Choo,  but  is  hoiu-ly  ex- 
pected, as  she  is  overdue.  I  must  close  without  waiting  to  see 
whether  there  is  another  letter  from  you  in  her,  for  the  mail 
leaves  to-morrow  for  England.  The  chances  are  that  I  shall 
leave  here  in  three  or  four  weeks,  and  reach  home  by  the  close 
of  the  year.  It  will  be  a  bad  season  for  such  a  sun-enamored 
body  as  mine,  after  nearly  two  years  of  tropical  existence.  You 
must  keep  a  warm  corner  for  me  at  your  fireside,  and  I  don't 
think  a  warm  potation  would  hurt  either  of  us,  when  the  winter 
nights  are  longest  and  coldest.  Would  you  were  here,  even  in 
this  torrid  August  weather,  that  we  might  stroll  to  the  garden 
and  grotto  where  our  brother  Camoens  wrote  the  "  Lusiad  ! " 


260  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

And  now,  please  God,  I  drop  my  correspondence  with  yon  un- 
til we  meet  face  to  face.  Give  my  kindest  regards  to  Mrs.  Boker 
and  your  father's  family.     God  bless  you  ! 

TO   R.   H.    STODDARD. 

U.  S.  S.  Susquehanna, 
Cumsingmoon,  China,  August  13,  1853. 
...  I  fear  I  shall  go  back  to  you  the  same  mere  lyrist  as  of 
old,  with  a  few  new  Orientalisms  in  my  imagery,  an  additional 
glow  and  color,  perhaps,  in  my  cup  of  wine,  but  nothing  else.  I 
shall  have  little  to  show,  and  that  little,  I  fear,  will  disappoint 
you,  if  you  have  been  measuring  my  growth  in  the  mean  time  by 
your  own.  I  have  relapsed  into  a  traveler,  an  adventurer,  seek- 
ing the  heroic  in  actual  life,  yet  without  attaining  it ;  satisfied 
with  the  sensation  of  animal  existence,  and  more  admiring  and 
more  thinking  of  the  lusty  joys  of  living  and  breathing  among 
my  fellow-men  than  of  the  glorious  art  to  which  I  once  devoted 
myself.  It  has  repaid  me,  however,  by  inspiring  me  with  a 
warm  sympathy  with  all  kinds  and  classes  of  men,  and  I  shall 
have,  for  some  years  to  come,  friends  in  the  deserts  of  Nubia, 
the  mountains  of  Spain,  and  among  the  hardy  seamen  of  our 
navy,  who,  I  am  sure,  will  remember  me  with  kindly  feeling. 
The  experience  of  the  last  two  years  has  been  most  valuable  to 
me  in  every  respect.  It  has  vastly  increased  my  sum  of  mere 
knowledge,  and,  most  of  all,  my  knowledge  of  human  nature.  I 
have  a  rich  store  of  material  to  work  up  in  after  life,  if  I  live, 
and  my  art  does  not  forsake  me.  .  .  . 

Commodore  Perry,  on  learning  that  a  prolonged  ab- 
sence would  be  a  serious  disadvantage  to  his  extem- 
porized master's  mate,  good-naturedly  gave  him  per- 
mission to  resign,  and  on  the  5th  of  September  he 
took  the  anchor  from  his  cap,  bade  adieu  to  his  mess- 
mates, and  embarked  on  board  the  steamer  for  Can- 
ton. He  was  much  touched  by  the  hearty  good-will 
of  the  men  of  the  Susquehanna,  who  sent  a  deputation 
to  the  captain  and  begged  permission  to  man  the  rig- 
ging and  give  him  three  cheers.  "  It  could  not  be 
granted,"  he  says  in  a  letter  to  his  mother,  "  as  such 


THE  FARTHER   EAST.  261 

a  compliment  is  only  allowed  for  a  commodore  or  cap- 
tain, and  my  rank  as  an  officer  is  three  grades  below 
the  latter ;  but  here  the  will  is  the  same  as  the  deed. 
It  is  the  most  grateful  compliment  I  ever  received ; 
for  it  came  from  a  body  of  three  hundred  men,  none 
S>i  whom  knew  me  as  an  author,  but  only  as  a  man, 
and  it  was  all  genuine  ;  there  is  no  humbug  in  a  sail- 
or's heart.  When  the  captain  told  me  of  it,  I  sent 
for  the  men  who  had  come  to  him,  and  told  them  to 
thank  the  crew  for  me." 

After  a  short  stay  in  Canton  he  embarked  Septem- 
ber 9th  on  the  Sea-Serpent,  a  merchant-ship  bound 
for  New  York  round  the  Cape  of  Good  Efope.  The 
quiet  sailing  through  summer  seas  was  a  pleasant  time 
for  retrospect.  There  was  work  to  do  in  rewriting  let- 
ters which  had  been  lost  at  sea,  and  more  than  a  score 
of  poems  found  their  way  upon  paper.  It  would  seem 
as  if  in  that  long  suspense  between  continent  and  con- 
tinent he  had  leisure  to  distill  the  essence  of  his  two 
years  of  travel.  As  he  was  looking  toward  New  York, 
he  wrote  in  his  diary  :  — 

"December  2,  1853.  We  are  to-day  2,400  miles  from 
New  York,  having  already  sailed  somewhat  more  than 
12,000  miles.  I  can  scarcely  yet  realize  that  I  am  so 
near  home,  and  that  in  three  weeks  I  may  be  under 
that  roof  where  so  much  parental  and  fraternal  kind- 
ness awaits  me.  Yet  I  am  becoming  restless  and  im- 
patient, and  rejoice  that  the  tasks  I  proposed  to  my- 
self, in  starting,  are  so  nearly  accomplished.  Of  all 
the  crowd  of  poems  with  which  my  mind  was  preg- 
nant, three  only  are  still  awaiting  their  parturition : 
the  lost  letters  have  been  rewritten,  and  the  unwritten 
ones  likewise ;  and  of  the  sketches  of  Eastern  travel 
I  determined  to  fill  up,  there  only  remains  the  work 


262  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

of  four  or  five  days.  I  shall  go  home  with  clean 
books,  and  a  mind  which,  if  not  precisely  a  tabula 
rasa,  is  at  least  free  from  the  reproaches  of  a  poetical 
conscience  —  to  me  quite  as  hard  to  bear  as  those  of  a 
moral  one.  "...  The  last  entry  in  the  journal  is, 
"  Landed  at  New  York  Dec.  20th,  at  2  p.  m." 


CHAPTER  XII. 

FRUIT  AND  FLOWER  OF  TRAVEL. 

1854. 

Unto  the  desert  and  the  desert  steed 

Farewell !    The  journey  is  completed  now : 
Struck  are  the  tents  of  Ishmael's  wandering  breed, 

And  I  unwind  the  turban  from  my  brow. 

L  ''Envoi  (in  "  Poems  of  the  Orient "). 

Now  Fame  approached,  when  I  expected  least 
Her  noisy  greeting. 

The  Picture  of  St.  John. 

When  Bayard  Taylor  came  home  after  two  years 
of  travel  lie  found  his  name  far  more  widely  known 
than  he  had  imagined.  There  could  be  little  opportu- 
nity for  him,  while  wandering,  to  know  of  the  interest 
which  people  took  in  his  wanderings,  but  he  had  been 
keeping  himself  in  the  minds  of  his  countrymen  in  the 
most  effectual  way.  "  The  '  Tribune '  comes  next  to 
the  Bible  all  through  the  West,"  he  once  wrote  to  his 
mother  with  an  amused  pride,  and  the  readers  of  the 
"  Tribune  "  had  heard  his  voice  more  than  a  hundred 
times,  when  he  had  been  living  with  scarcely  a  sound 
from  home.  Now  he  was  to  hear  and  see  the  public 
in  the  most  emphatic  manner.  The  lecture  system, 
outside  of  the  great  eastern  cities  where  new  attrac- 
tions had  begun  to  divide  the  field,  was  at  its  height, 
and  in  the  West  especially  a  popular  lecturer  enjoyed 
the  highest  favor. 

As  soon  as  it  was  known  that  Bayard  Taylor  had 


264  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

returned  to  America,  invitations  to  lecture  poured  in 
upon  him,  and  in  a  short  time  he  had  received  so 
many  that  he  saw  a  new  and  prosperous  vocation  open 
clearly  before  him.  He  was  busy  preparing  his  notes 
and  arranging  his  evenings,  and  wrote  to  Mr.  Boker 
when  he  had  been  in  the  country  but  ten  days :  "I  am 
overwhelmed  with  invitations  to  lecture,  and  shall  have 
to  visit  every  town  from  Maine  to  Wisconsin,  between 
now  and  April."  He  had  no  admiration  for  himself 
as  an  orator.  "  I  have  a  quiet  laugh  to  myself  now 
and  then,"  he  writes  to  Mr.  Fields,  "  at  the  idea  of  be- 
ing a  popular  lecturer,  I  who  have  no  faculty  for  any- 
thing like  oratory.  I  see  how  it  is  that  people  are 
interested  in  what  I  say;  but  that  doesn't  lessen  the 
absurdity  of  the  thing.  I  care  no  more  for  the  ap- 
plause I  receive  from  lecturing  than  if  it  were  bestowed 
on  somebody  else  ;  the  only  advantage  I  am  conscious 
of  is,  that  I  can  stand  up  in  the  face  of  the  multitude 
without  feeling  embarrassed." 

The  explanation  of  his  success  as  a  lecturer  is  a  very 
simple  one.  He  had  already  acquired  a  reputation  as 
a  man  of  wide  experience,  who  wrote  agreeably  and 
freshly  of  what  he  had  seen  ;  he  had  an  interesting 
story  to  tell,  and  he  told  it  frankly,  without  affecta- 
tion, with  hearty  good-nature,  speaking  as  a  man  to 
his  friends.  It  was  for  him  a  profitable  but  irksome 
mode  of  publication.  He  had  a  vigorous  constitution 
which  had  been  reinforced  by  his  life  in  the  open  air 
in  the  East,  and  he  endured  the  fatigue  which  attends 
incessant  traveling  and  speaking  as  few  men  in  his 
place  could  endure  it.  It  was  wearisome  to  see  so 
many  people,  to  hear  the  same  things  said  to  him  in 
each  place,  and  for  that  matter  to  say  very  much  the 
same  things  himself,  yet  in  no  other  way  than  by  lee- 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER    OF   TRAVEL.        265 

taring  could  he  so  rapidly  accumulate  the  means  which 
would  rid  him  of  all  literary  drudgery. 

Besides  lecturing  he  needed  to  prepare  at  least  three 
books  of  travel  from  his  letters,  journals,  and  notes, 
and  he  set  about  them  in  the  order  of  his  tour.  "  A 
-Journey  to  Central  Africa :  or,  Life  and  Landscapes 
from  Egypt  to  the  Negro  Kingdoms  of  the  Nile  ;  with 
a  Map  and  Illustrations  by  the  Author,"  was  published 
by  Mr.  Putnam  in  August,  1854,  and  "  The  Land  of 
the  Saracens :  or,  Pictures  of  Palestine,  Asia  Minor, 
Sicily,  and  Spain,"  later  in  the  same  season.  A  year 
after  appeared  "  A  Visit  to  India,  China,  and  Japan 
in  the  Year  1853." 

The  labor  of  preparing  these  books,  together  with  a 
revised  edition  of  "Views  Afoot,"  kept  him  constantly 
in  reminiscence  of  his  experience ;  wherever  he  went 
he  found  himself  recognized  as  a  traveler;  the  form 
of  recognition  was  often  exceedingly  distasteful,  but 
the  fact  could  not  be  overlooked  that  people  believed 
in  him  as  having  unusual  gifts  as  a  painter  in  words 
of  laudscape,  scene,  and  costume.  Above  all,  he  had, 
he  was  obliged  to  confess  to  himself,  a  real  love  of 
seeing  many  cities  and  men,  and  of  coming  face  to 
face  with  nature  in  strange  and  distant  moods.  It  is 
no  wonder,  then,  that  at  this  period  of  his  life  he 
should  have  come  to  regard  his  travel  as  more  of  an 
end  and  less  as  a  mere  means.  He  had  become  some- 
what reconciled  to  a  view  of  himself  which  came  more 
closely  to  an  agreement  with  the  popular  conception  of 
him  than  he  would  once  have  been  willing  to  admit. 

"  It  would  be  strange,"  he  says,  speaking  of  his  East- 
ern travel,  "  if  an  experience  so  prolonged  should  not 
sensibly  change  the  bent  of  an  author's  mind.  It  was 
not  the  sphere  of  activity  which  I  should  have  chosen, 


266  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

had  I  been  free  to  choose,  but  it  was  a  grateful  release 
from  the  drudgery  of  the  editorial  room.  After  three 
years  of  clipping  and  pasting,  and  the  daily  arrange- 
ment of  a  chaos  of  ephemeral  shreds,  in  an  atmosphere 
which  soon  exhausts  the  vigor  of  the  blood,  the  change 
to  the  freedom  of  Oriental  life,  to  the  wonders  of  the 
oldest  art,  and  to  the  easy  record  of  impressions  so 
bright  and  keen  that  they  put  themselves  into  words, 
was  like  that  from  night  to  day.  With  restored  health 
the  life  of  the  body  became  a  delight  in  itself ;  a 
kindly  fortune  seemed  to  attend  my  steps ;  I  learned 
something  of  the  patience  and  fatalistic  content  of  the 
races  among  whom  I  was  thrown,  and  troubled  myself 
no  longer  with  an  anxious  concern  for  the  future. 

"  I  confess,  too,  that  while  floating  upon  the  waters 
of  the  White  Nile,  while  roaming  through  the  pine 
forests  of  Phrygia  or  over  the  hills  of  Loo-Choo,  I 
learned  to  feel  the  passion  of  the  Explorer.  Almost 
had  I  eaten  of  that  fruit  which  gives  its  restless  poison 
to  the  blood.  It  is  very  likely  that,  had  I  then  been 
able  to  have  marked  out  my  future  path,  I  might  have 
given  it  the  character  which  was  afterwards  ascribed 
to  me. 

"  I  will  further  confess  that  the  unusual  favor  with 
which  those  three  volumes  of  travel  were  received,  per- 
haps, also,  the  ever-repeated  attachment  of  '  traveler ' 
to  my  name,  and  that  demand  for  oral  report  of  what 
I  had  seen  and  learned  which  threw  me  suddenly  into 
the  profession  of  lecturing,  with  much  the  sensation  of 
the  priest  whom  Henri  Quatre  made  general  by  mis- 
take, I  will  confess,  I  say,  that  these  things  did  for  a 
time  mislead  me  as  to  the  kind  of  work  which  I  was 
best  fitted  to  do."  1 

1  By- Ways  of  Europe,:   "A  Familiar  Letter  to  the  Header." 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF  TRAVEL.        267 

To  this  frank  confession  should  be  added  the  signif- 
icant fact  that  while  thus  going  with  the  stream,  he 
found  his  happiest  work  in  shaping  a  new  volume  of 
poems  and  in  ordering  his  new  domain  of  Cedarcroft. 
We  have  seen  how  abundantly  the  Oriental  life  had 
flowed  in  song  during  his  reminiscence  of  it,  especially 
when  homeward  bound.  He  added  now  a  few  more 
poems,  and  collected  the  material  into  "  Poems  of  the 
Orient,"  published  in  the  fall  of  this  year  by  Ticknor 
&  Fields,  and  the  hearty  reception  given  to  the  vol- 
ume by  the  public  gave  him  surprise  and  genuine 
pleasure.  His  very  lecturing  tour  brought  him  many 
reminders  that  among  those  who  listened  to  him  as  to 
a  traveler  were  others  who  knew  him  more  intimately 
as  a  poet. 

When  he  bought  Cedarcroft  he  wove  an  invisible 
web  about  himself.  Every  tree  which  he  planted  in- 
vited him  to  rest  beneath  it ;  the  sunset  through  the 
oaks  was  the  background  to  his  reveries,  and  his  mind, 
when  at  leisure  from  arduous  duties,  turned  wistfully 
to  the  fields  and  copses  which  his  ardent  youth  had 
known.  In  the  midst  of  his  busy  life  he  was  always 
snatching  a  moment  to  send  a  few  lines  to  his  mother, 
with  money  for  the  purchase  of  trees  and  shrubs  and 
directions  as  to  the  planting.  The  place  grew  in  his 
heart  as  the  homestead  for  all :  he  heard  with  alarm 
and  strong  dissatisfaction  of  his  father's  wish  to  move 
to  the  village  of  Kennett  Square ;  he  had  chosen  the 
spot  where  he  meant  to  build  a  large  house.  For  here 
it  may  be  said,  without  the  particulars  which  do  not 
belong  to  the  public,  that  Bayard  Taylor  was  as  loyal 
to  his  family  as  if  they  formed  together  a  Scottish 
clan.  From  the  first  moment  that  fortune  breathed 
on  him  he  made  haste  to  bring  them  all  under  the 
same  warm  air. 


268  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

His  long  absences  both  from  New  York  and  from 
Kennett,  while  lecturing,  gave  slight  opportunity  for 
literary  work  beyond  a  poem  which  now  and  then 
called  for  expression,  and  his  correspondence  suffered 
from  the  same  cause.  He  wrote  often  to  his  mother, 
but  chiefly  detailing  his  movements  and  the  meetings 
which  he  had  with  members  of  the  family  or  neighbors 
whom  he  met  in  the  West ;  he  was  obliged,  also,  to 
write  on  the  business  of  his  book  to  Mr.  Fields,  and 
the  occasion  was  pretty  sure  to  call  out  something  be- 
sides business,  and  he  found  moments  of  comparative 
leisure  when  he  enjoyed  a  friendly  word  with  Mr. 
Boker  and  Mr.  Stoddard.  From  early  in  January 
until  the  end  of  April  he  was  constantly  moving  from 
town  to  town. 

TO   GEORGE    H.   BOKER. 
Springfield,  Mass.,  Sunday,  February  5,  1854. 

I  am  passing  my  Sunday  alone  here,  resting  after  a  week's 
hard  work,  and  have  just  read  your  letter  over  again  to  dispel 
my  loneliness.  I  wish  I  could  see  your  face  for  an  hour  to-day, 
for  our  last  meeting  was  little  more  than  a  mutual  exposition 
of  our  poetical  labors.  ...  I  am  perhaps  happier,  or  at  least 
stronger,  than  you  suspect.  Strong  emotion  of  any  kind  always 
carries  the  expression  of  sadness,  and  when  I  was  last  with  you 
I  was  subdued  almost  to  tears  by  the  recollection  of  your  sym- 
pathy during  my  season  of  trial,  of  the  stay  which  your  friend- 
ship gave  me  in  my  weakness,  of  the  constancy  with  which  your 
sympathy  followed  me  in  my  long  absence,  and  by  the  great  joy 
of  meeting  you  again.  Do  not  suffer  all  the  debt  to  be  on  my 
side.  .  .  . 

I  passed  through  Philadelphia  twice  last  week  on  my  way  to 
and  from  Baltimore,  but  had  barely  time  to  get  from  one  station 
to  another.  In  Baltimore  I  had  a  great  triumph.  I  spoke  to 
four  thousand  people  in  a  hall  three  hundred  and  fifty  feet  long. 
It  was  a  new  and  proud  experience  to  magnetize  so  many  per- 
sons at  once.  I  soon  felt  that  I  coidd  enchain  their  attention, 
and  was  never  more  confident  and  collected.     In  Albany,  also,  I 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF   TRAVEL.       269 

had  great  success,  hundreds  heing  unable  to  get  into  the  hall. 
I  have  now  not  a  single  evening  vacant  before  the  middle  of 
April,  and  ana  refusing  invitations  daily.  To-morrow  here,  then 
in  Salem,  Amesbury  (where  I  spend  a  night  with  Whittier), 
Manchester,  N.  H.,  etc.,  and  next  week  Rochester  and  Buf- 
falo. It  is  a  profitable  business,  but  I  consider  the  money  well 
■earned.  .  .  . 

I  have  not  seen  Dick  for  a  week.  The  poem  was  his,  and  I 
am  glad  you  like  it.  He  has  half  a  dozen  other  charming  little 
tilings  in  MS.  My  own  brain  is  beginning  to  ferment  again  as 
the  vernal  equinox  draws  nigh,  but  I  shall  have  no  chance  of  re- 
lieving it  until  this  vagabondage  is  over.  I  like  your  "  Stand- 
ard "  better  than  ever,  after  reading  it  in  "  Graham."  Don't  be 
lazy,  George,  but  have  one  of  these  library  drawers  filled  by  the 
time  I  come  to  see  you.  I  long  to  take  possession  of  that  bit  of 
"  Gulistan  "  which  you  have  given  me  in  your  third  story,  and  to 
smoke  away  the  nights  with  you  in  your  library.  I  could  for- 
get the  Orient  there,  but  here,  with  the  mercury  at  zero  every 
morning,  my  Arab  blood  is  chilled.  Write  to  me  as  often  as  you 
can. 

TO   JAMES   T.  FIELDS. 

Penn  Yan,  N.  Y.j  February  17,  1854. 
.  .  .  When  shall  we  have  a  chance  to  notice  the  changes  which 
three  years  have  made  in  each  other  ?  I  am  going  to  be  in  Bos- 
ton in  May,  and  can  hardly  hope  to  see  you  before  then,  as  my 
engagements  in  the  West  will  detain  me  until  the  middle  of 
April.  This  lecturing  is  a  great  business.  I  have  sixty-five  en- 
gagements, and  have  delivered  twenty  or  thirty.  Everywhere  I 
have  crushing  houses.  This  afternoon  a  special  train  comes 
down  from  Canandaigua,  solely  on  my  account !  Curiosity  is 
alive  to  see  "  The  Great  American  Traveler."  It  provokes  and 
humiliates  me,  but  I  suppose  it  is  natural,  and  I  must  submit  to 
it.  But  I  would  give  all  this  noisy  popularity  for  a  cpiiet  even- 
ing with  you. 

TO   HIS    MOTHER. 

Corning,  N.  Y.,  February  25,  1854. 

...  I  inclose  ten  dollars  to  pay  the  expense  of  getting  fifty 

more  pine-trees,  making  one  hundred  altogether.     I  want  them 

set  to  the  north  and  west  of  where  the  house  will  stand,  along 

the  fence  and  among  the  other  trees,  so  as  to  form  rather  a  dense 


270  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

grove.     A  protection  of   this  kind  is   needed  to  keep  off  the 
northwest  winds.     Fred  knows  where  the  house  will  stand. 

My  lectures  continue  to  be  as  popular  as  ever.  The  houses  are 
crowded,  and  people  come  here,  fifteen  and  twenty  miles,  to  hear 
me.  I  find  that  everybody,  literally  everybody,  has  read  my  let- 
ters, and  knows  me  already.  Such  introductions  as  I  must  go 
through  with  !  I  am  stared  at  and  pointed  at  as  if  I  were  the 
great  Gyaskutos  itself.  It  is  not  very  pleasant,  but  I  must  pay 
the  penalty.  However,  it  makes  me  acquainted  with  many  ex- 
cellent people  all  over  the  country,  so  that,  wherever  I  go,  I  am 
never  among  strangers. 

A  pleasant  account  of  the  manner  in  which  he  made 
friends,  when  on  his  lecturing  tours,  appears  in  a  rem- 
iniscence by  a  writer  in  the  Troy  (N.  Y.)  "Whig," 
after  Bayard  Taylor's  death :  "  I  met  him  first,"  the 
writer  says,  "  after  his  return  from  India,  and  knowing 
him  then  only  as  the  '  great  American  traveler,'  and 
never  having  read  or  heard  as  to  his  personal  appear- 
ance or  manner,  was  prepared  for  the  manifestation  in 
him  of  anything  that  was  distant,  cool,  dignified,  re- 
pelling, or  repressing.  He  was  as  much  a  stranger  to 
all  the  others  who  were  present  on  this  occasion  as  to 
me,  and  he  must  have  known  by  his  keen  power  of 
studying  character  that  those  whose  guest  he  then  was 
regarded  him  with  great  respect  and  admiration.  But 
from  the  first  moment  of  his  introduction  to  the  end  of 
his  visit,  the  ease  of  his  manner,  the  attention  which 
he  paid  to  the  various  queries  which  were  propounded 
to  him,  the  full  and  intelligent  information  that  he 
conveyed,  and  the  graphic  words  in  which  he  described 
what  he  had  seen  and  heard,  and  which  we  desired 
most  particularly  to  hear,  won  me  away  from  my  pre- 
conceived notions  as  to  his  style  and  bearing,  and  left 
him  forever  enshrined  in  memory  as  one  who 

'  Bore  without  abuse 
The  grand  old  name  of  gentleman.' 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER    OF  TRAVEL.        271 

"  I  had  listened  for  some  time  to  his  intelligent  de- 
scriptions, enunciated  with  extreme  modesty  in  the  mod- 
ulated tones  of  his  pleasing  voice,  when  Tom,  a  large 
Maltese  cat,  entered  the  room.  At  Mr.  Taylor's  invi- 
tation Tom  approached  him,  and  as  he  stroked  the  fur 
"of  the  handsome  cat,  a  sort  of  magnetism  seemed  to 
be  imparted  to  the  family  pet,  for  he  rolled  over  at  the 
feet  of  his  new-made  friend,  and  seemed  delighted  with 
the  beo-irmino'  of  the  interview.  In  the  most  natural 
manner  possible,  Mr.  Taylor  slid  off,  as  it  were,  from 
the  sofa  on  which  he  had  been  sitting,  and  assuming 
the  position  of  a  Turk  on  the  rug  before  the  sofa,  re- 
mained there  for  ten  or  fifteen  minutes,  playing  with 
delighted  Tom  in  the  most  buoyant  manner,  still  con- 
tinuing his  conversation  but  changing  the  subject,  for 
the  nonce,  to  that  of  cats,  and  narrating  many  stories 
respecting  the  weird  and  wise  conduct  of  these  animals 
which  are  at  once  loved  and  feared  by  the  human 
race."  * 

TO   R.  H.  STODDARD. 

Buffalo,  March  5,  1854. 

...  I  have  lectured  nine  times  since  I  saw  you,  and  have  had 
great  success  everywhere.  Crammed  houses  ;  women  carried 
out  faulting  ;  young  ladies  stretching  their  necks  on  all  sides, 
and  crying  in  breathless  whispers,  "  There  he  is  !  that 's  him  !  " 
etc. 

Believe  me,  Stoddard,  it  is  a  miserable  business,  this  lecturing. 
There  is  some  satisfaction  in  finding  so  many  persons  that  have 
known  you,  and  read  what  you  have  written,  and  feel  a  sincere 
interest  in  you,  and  are  kind  and  hospitable  towards  you,  but, 
oh  the  vanity  and  vexation  of  hearing  the  same  remarks  twenty 
times  a  day,  and  being  obliged  to  answer  questions  that  have  be- 
come hideous  by  endless  repetition.  I  wonder  how  I  retain  my 
patience  under  it  all.  Sometimes  I  snap  them  rather  short  off, 
but  they  think  it's  my  way  of  talking,  and  are  not  offended.  I 
find  that  this  business  of  traveling  has  entirely  swamped  and 
1  Troy  Morning  Whig,  December  23,  1878. 


272  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

overwhelmed  my  poetical  reputation,  except  with  a  few  sensible 
people  here  and  there.  People  can't  see  that  if  I  had  not  been  a 
poet,  I  should  never  have  had  such  success  as  a  traveler.  Then 
to  hear  remarks  made  about  me  and  my  lectures,  in  the  cars  and 
hotels,  by  people  who  don't  know  me  personally,  it 's  amusing, 
yet  humiliating,  for  I  am  not  nattered  by  the  value  they  put  upon 
me.  There  is  not  the  least  fragment  of  discrimination  in  it. 
Most  of  them  admire  me  hugely  for  having  gotten  over  so  much 
ground,  and  some  are  inclined  to  sneer  because  the  others  admire. 
Altogether,  the  experience  is  interesting  and  useful,  but  I  foresee 
that  I  shall  soon  get  enough  of  it. 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

Milwaukee,  Wis.,  March  16, 1854. 

Your  letter  has  reached  me  at  last,  after  chasing  me  all  over 
the  West.  I  shall  be  in  Boston  (I  hope  and  expect)  about  the 
last  of  April,  so  I  shall  certainly  see  you  before  your  departure. 
How  long  shall  you  be  absent  ?  I  hardly  envy  you  the  journey 
just  now,  for  I  desire  nothing  so  much  as  rest.  I  have  had  no 
rest  since  I  reached  home,  and  shall  have  none  for  a  month  or 
two  to  come.  But  I  must  see  you  before  you  leave  for  many 
reasons.  And  to  come  to  the  main  subject  at  once,  I  do  desire  to 
bring  out  a  new  volume  of  poems  in  the  fall.  They  are  mostly 
Eastern  in  subject  or  spirit,  and  I  think  of  calling  them  "  Poems 
of  the  Orient."  But  few  of  them  have  been  published.  I  have 
forty  or  fifty  in  all.  As  my  work  on  my  African  travels  will  ap- 
pear in  August,  and  another  on  Syria,  Asia  Minor,  and  Spain  in 
November,  I  think  if  I  could  get  out  the  poems  in  October  they 
would  come  in  a  propos  to  the  travels.  I  want  to  show  you  the 
poems,  and  discuss  the  subject  of  their  publication. 

I  am  afraid  my  "  Romances,"  etc.,  have  been  an  unfortunate 
investment  for  you.  I  have  fully  made  up  my  mind  that  the 
book  has  been  a  complete  failure.  Now,  James,  I  want  to  know 
the  exact  truth.  If  you  remember  rightly,  I  promised  to  make 
up  whatever  deficiency  there  might  be.  I  have  not  the  slightest 
idea  that  the  book  has  paid  the  expense  of  publication,  and  I 
want  to  know  my  indebtedness.  I  did  hope  a  rather  more  favor- 
able result,  but  am  not  disheartened,  seeing  that  in  order  to  have 
a  great  sale  one  must  adopt  the  style  of  Tupper  or  Alexander 
Smith. 

Therefore,  if  a  limited  sale  proves  that  I  have  no  resemblance  to 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF   TRAVEL.        273 

those  worthies,  I  am  well  satisfied.  But  I  do  not  intend  that 
you  shall  lose  a  penny  hy  my  failure.  I  make  Ticknor  &  Co. 
my  preferred  creditors,  and  there  are  still  sufficient  assets  in  my 
hands  to  pay  you  one  hundred  cents  on  the  dollar.  Make  no 
hones  ahout  the  matter,  my  dear  James,  hut  come  down  upon  me 
as  you  would  upon  an  ahscpiatulating  hook-agent. 

TO   HIS    MOTHER. 

Milwaukee,  Wis.,  March  16,  1854. 
Here  I  am,  in  the  wilds  of  Wisconsin,  just  come  in  from  a 
journey  of  three  or  four  days  on  the  Rock  River  prairies.  I 
have  the  most  astounding  success  all  through  the  West.  The 
little  country  towns  all  give  me  fifty  dollars  a  lecture,  and  cram 
their  halls  and  churches.  People  come  ten,  fifteen,  and  twenty 
rrules  over  the  prairie  in  their  wagons  to  see  and  hear  me.  They 
all  take  the  "  Tribune  "  and  read  every  one  of  my  letters  con- 
scientiously, and  theix  great  curiosity  is  to  see  what  sort  of  an 
animal  I  am.  They  are  greatly  disappointed  because  I  am  not 
forty-five  years  old.  I  had  no  idea  before  that  I  was  half  so  well 
known.  I  am  carried  from  place  to  place  in  triumph,  have  the 
best  rooms  at  hotels,  the  most  obsequious  attention,  aud  am 
stared  at  in  a  way  that  quite  puts  me  out  of  countenance.  At 
Rockford  they  gave  me  a  serenade.  Some  of  the  farmers'  wives 
are  so  overcome  with  awe  when  I  am  introduced  to  them  that 
they  cannot  say  a  word.  It 's  puzzling  to  me  to  see  this  ;  I  ex- 
amine myself  to  see  what  I  am,  and  find  myself  to  be  somebody 
else  than  I  thought  I  was.  Why,  there  are  men  coming  down 
from  Janesville  (seventy  miles  off)  to  hear  me  lecture  to-night 
here,  although  I  have  lectured  in  Janesville  once  already.  The 
people  are  infatuated,  and  I  can't  understand  why.  It  is  a  new 
and  curious  experience.  If  I  lecture  next  winter  I  can  spend 
three  months  hi  the  West,  and  have  engagements  for  every 
night. 

Mr.  Fields  relieved  his  mind  with  regard  to  the  for- 
tune of  "  A  Book  of  Romances."  "  It  has  sold,"  he 
writes,  "to  that  extent  which  leaves  the  author  thereof 
uncalled  upon  to  pay.  .  .  .  Do  let  us  publish  the  other 
volume  of  poems.  Stoddard  had  the  MS.,  and  I  bor- 
rowed it  to  read  in  the  cars  going  home  from  New 

VOL.  I.  18 


274  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

York  last  Saturday.  It  is  fine  throughout,  and  one 
poem  in  particular,  one  of  the  longest,  is  one  of  the 
best  pieces  from  anybody's  pen  that  has  appeared  for 
years.  It  is  that  where  the  Arab  tells  his  love,  and 
relates  how  he  carried  off  his  lady  on  the  back  of 
El-something."  1 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

St.  Louis,  Mo.,  April  15,  1854. 

Behold  me  here,  in  the  Missourian  wilds,  on  my  lecturing  cru- 
sade !  I  have  half  a  mind  to  run  up  to  Nebraska  and  roll  out 
one  of  my  harangues  to  the  unsettled  prairies  of  that  great  coun- 
try. I  am  doing  my  best  to  fulfill  my  engagements  in  the  West, 
but  the  invitations  increase  in  geometrical  ratio  ;  so  that  I  have 
finally  set  a  limit,  and  now  sternly  decline  the  entreaties  which 
still  pour  in  upon  me  from  all  sides.  The  programme  of  my 
season  is  at  length  completed,  and  if  you  knew  how  arduous  and 
incessant  my  labors  have  been  for  the  past  three  months,  you 
would  congratulate  me  heartily.  I  lecture  to-night  for  the  sixty- 
eighth  time,  and  have  still  twenty  more  appointments. 

I  have  to  be  at  Portsmouth,  N.  H.,  on  the  9th  of  May,  so  you 
may  expect  me  in  Boston  on  Monday  afternoon,  May  8th,  and  on 
Thursday,  May  11th,  all  day.  Now  I  sincerely  trust  you  have 
not  engaged  to  leave  for  England  before  that  time,  for  I  look 
forward  to  a  night  with  you  as  a  hart  panteth  for  the  water- 
brooks. 

What  you  say  of  my  Book  of  Lyrics,  etc.,  my  dear  James,  is 
not  wholly  calculated  to  satisfy  me.  I  believe  you  to  be  wicked 
enough  to  equivocate  in  such  matters,  for  the  purpose  of  sparing 
your  friends.  I  am  not  altogether  certain  that  you  have  not 
done  so.  in  the  present  instance,  and  ask  you  solemnly,  in  the 
words  of  Chadband,  "  Is  that  Terewth  ?  "  And  why  is  it  not 
Terewth  ?     O  my  young  friend,  tell  me  why  ! 

I  am  highly  gratified  with  your  approbation  of  my  Oriental- 
ities.  Of  course  I  want  you,  and  no  other,  to  have  the  book,  and 
your  willingness  to  bring  it  out,  after  the  former  failure,  sur- 
prises me  even  more  than  it  pleases  me.  I  will  see  that  you 
have  the  entire  copy  in  season  to  publish  in  September  or  Octo- 
ber, if  you  choose.     But  of  all  this,  and  much  more,  we  will  dis- 

1  El-Azrek  in  the  poem  "  Amran's  Wooing." 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF  TRAVEL.        275 

course  when  we  meet,  three  weeks  hence.  Pray  Heaven  that  I 
find  you  still  at  your  post.  I  know  of  no  man  just  now  the  sight 
of  whom  would  refresh  me  more.  This  is  merely  a  scrawl  to  re- 
mind you  of  my  whereabouts,  doings,  and  plannings.  My  lec- 
tures are  mightily  successful,  but  I  am  very  tired  of  being  shown 
up  as  a  lion,  and  long  to  meet  with  somebody  who  don't  consider 
me  a  phenomenon. 

TO   HIS    MOTHER. 

New  Albany,  Ind.,  April  23,  1854. 
...  I  had  crowded  houses  at  Indianapolis,  many  persons  com- 
ing seventy  miles  to  attend.  You  must  know,  by  the  by,  that  I 
am  a  professor  in  the  Indiana  State  College.  They  wanted  me 
to  lecture  for  them,  and  in  order  to  secure  for  me  the  College 
Hall,  wliich  no  one  can  use  except  a  member  of  the  Faculty,  the 
trustees  elected  me  Professor  of  History  pro  tern.  I  was  very 
sorry  I  could  not  go  after  that  ;  but  I  have  promised  to  lecture 
for  them  next  winter,  and  shall  not  resign  my  professorship  until 
that  time.  ...  I  shall  reach  New  York  in  just  two  weeks  from 
to-day.  Last  night  was  my  seventy-fourth  lecture,  and  I  have 
thirteen  more  to  deliver  before  going  home.  I  shall  wait  until 
next  spring  before  setting  out  more  pines  on  my  place,  as  it  is 
now  rather  late  in  the  season.  I  shall  no  doubt  want  two  rows  in 
some  places,  and  perhaps  three.  If  I  ever  come  to  live  on  my 
property  I  think  I  shall  make  it  entirely  a  grazing  farm,  which 
■will  be  much  more  easily  managed  and  quite  as  profitable.  .  .  . 

Newark,  Ohio,  April  30,  1854. 
...  I  have  six  more  lectures  this  week  (every  night)  which 
will  take  me  back  to  New  York.  Next  week  I  must  visit  Boston, 
on  business,  and  lecture  in  Portsmouth,  N.  H.,  and  Lawrence, 
Mass.  Week  after  next  I  shall  lecture  twice  in  Wilmington,  and 
be  at  home.  Week  after  that  I  shall  lecture  in  West  Chester, 
which  wall  close  this  season's  work,  thank  Heaven  !  I  am  quite 
fagged  out,  not  with  speaking,  but  with  traveling,  and  with 
being  shown  up,  introduced,  questioned,  visited  and  made  to 
visit,  bandshakeu,  autographed,  honorary  membershiped,  compli- 
mented, censured,  quizzed,  talked  about  before  my  face  by 
people  who  don't  know  me,  written  about  in  the  papers,  dis- 
played on  handbills,  sold  on  tickets,  applied  to  for  charitable 
purposes,   and   the  Lord   knows  what  else.      Nevertheless,  my 


276  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

voice  is  in  splendid  order,  stronger  and  clearer  than  ever  be- 
fore, and  I  still  keep  every  ounce  of  my  172  pounds  of  solid 
flesh.  ...  It  is  said  that  a  rolling  stone  gathers  no  moss,  but  I 
think  I  've  gathered  something  that  will  feather  my  nest  quite  as 
well. 

TO   GEORGE   H.    BOKER. 

Newark,  Ohio,  April  30,  1854. 

...  I  have  another  piece  of  good  news,  in  which  I  am  cer- 
tain of  your  congratulations,  —  Ticknor's  offer  to  bring  out  my 
Oriental  poems  in  the  fall,  and  of  course  I  intend  doing  it. 
Fields  writes  me  that  the  other  volume  paid  expenses,  but,  be- 
tween ourselves,  I  doubt  it.  Fields  would  rather  lose  some- 
thing out  of  his  own  pocket  than  acknowledge  to  me  that  the 
book  was  a  failure.  I  have  half  a  dozen  more  Orientals  to  write, 
which  will  make  about  fifty  poems  in  all,  and  clear  off,  I  hope, 
all  the  small  fry  on  which  I  have  been  engaged.  I  shall  then  go 
steadily  to  work  on  my  "  Picture  of  St.  John,"  which,  you  may 
remember,  was  commenced  three  years  ago.  I  have  two  or  three 
large  canvases  in  my  studio,  and  hope  that  time  and  energy  may 
be  allowed  me  to  fill  them  up. 

This  western  tour,  thank  God  !  is  nearly  over.  Last  night  I 
lectured  for  the  eightieth  time,  and  I  have  ten  more  engagements 
to  fill.  I  shall  be  in  New  York  in  another  week,  and  shall  then 
visit  Boston  and  New  Hampshire.  I  am  tired  to  death  of  being 
introduced  to  people,  answering  questions  (many  of  them  silly 
enough),  and  being  stared  at  with  a  mixture  of  curiosity  and 
awe  as  "the  man  that  went  to  Africa."  Fame  (if  this  is  it)  is 
not  worth  the  trouble  we  take  to  get  it.  There  is,  however,  a 
counterbalancing  pleasure  in  the  knowledge  that  one  has  written 
things  which  tens  of  thousands  have  had  delight  in  reading.  I 
have  been  touched  by  an  incident  related  to  me  the  other  day, 
of  a  man  in  Ohio  who  rode  several  miles  one  raving  night  to 
borrow  the  "  Tribune,"  in  order  that  his  sick  wife  might  read  my 
letters,  which,  it  seems,  had  a  cheery  effect  upon  her.  I  have 
also  met  numbers  of  bright-eyed  children  (God  bless  them !) 
who  were  as  eager  for  my  letters  as  for  Robinson  Crusoe,  and 
who  seem  so  delighted  to  see  me  and  talk  with  me  that  I  take 
my  notoriety  gratefully,  with  all  its  annoyances.  On  the  whole, 
I  am  immeasurably  cheered  and  strengthened  by  this  winter's  ex- 
periences, and  I  pray  God  to  keep  me  from  all  undue  exaltation 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF   TRAVEL.        211 

of  mind  on  account  of  it.  I  foresee  that  this  popularity  is  tem- 
porary, and  that  somebody  else  will  soon  take  my  place  ;  but  it 
is  a  great  happiness  to  feel  once  in  your  life  that  you  have 
achieved  something  which  has  given  you  an  interest  in  the  minds 
of  your  countrymen  and  a  warm  place  in  their  hearts.  I  expect 
to  call  at  506  Walnut  Street  on  the  morning  of  May  16th,  on 
my  way  to  Chester  County." 

TO    JAMES    T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  June  12,  1854. 
...  I  am  over  head  and  ears  on  my  "  Journey  to  Central  Af- 
rica," which  must  be  out  by  the  close  of  August.  There  will  be  a 
map  and  fifteen  to  twenty  illustrations,  and  I  am  obliged  to  be  my 
own  illustrator,  so  that  my  hands  are  tolerably  full.  Nevertheless, 
I  shall  have  the  Poems  ready  whenever  you  call  for  them.  I  sup- 
pose if  you  get  the  copy  in  a  month  it  will  answer  very  well.  I 
have  added  to  my  stock  the  following  :  "  Proem  Dedicatory  — 
An  Epistle  from  Mount  Tmolus  ; "  "  Hassan  to  his  Mare  ; "  "  The 
Wisdom  of  Ali  ;  "  "  A  Psean  to  the  Dawn  ; "  "In  the  Meadows  ;  " 
"  The  Phantom," —  all  written  since  I  saw  you.  Am  I  not  a  good 
boy  ?  Now  I  have  an  "  Envoi  Extraordinary  "  and  three  more 
Orientals  to  beget,  and  then  I  shall  lay  my  manuscripts  at  your 
feet.  There  will  be  fifty-five  poems  in  all,  and  I  suppose  the 
volume  will  make  two  hundred  pages.  Don't  be  alarmed  at  this, 
for  I  pledge  you  my  word  that  I  shall  write  no  more  than  I 
have  said,  and  I  am  going  to  omit  two  from  the  MS.  book  which 
you  saw.  In  spite  of  your  advice,  I  caimot  make  up  my  mind  to 
print  what  seems  to  me  to  be  tame  trash. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  June  13,  1854. 
...  I  almost  regret  having  come  home  so  soon,  when  I  see 
what  a  fine  time  my  brother  officers  are  having  in  Japan.  You 
will  find  the  account  in  to-morrow's  paper.  Perry  is  perfectly 
successful,  as  I  said  he  would  be.  ...  I  have  become  acquainted 
with  Sami  Effendi,  the  Egyptian  commissioner  to  the  Crystal 
Palace.  He  is  a  Circassian  by  birth,  but  a  good  Mahometan, 
and  therefore  I  like  him.  I  have  been  daguerreotyped  in  Arab 
dress,  to  be  engraved  for  "  Putnam's  Magazine."  .  .  . 


278  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


TO  R.  H.  STODDARD. 
Kennett  Square,  Chester  Co.,  Pa.,  August  10,  1854. 
Many  thanks  for  your  care  in  forwarding  my  letters,  but  many 
complaints  for  your  not  sending  a  line  or  two  of  your  own  with 
them.  My  holiday  is  nearly  up,  and  I  do  not  wish  any  more 
letters  sent  to  this  address,  as  I  shall  be  in  New  York  on  Mon- 
day night.  The  country  is  glorious  at  this  season  ;  I  never  saw 
it  more  fresh  and  luxuriant.  I  have  been  leading  an  animal 
life  in  the  open  air,  and  flourish  like  a  green  bay  tree.  My  own 
trees  are  growing  bravely.  I  have  blistered  my  hands  and  torn 
my  coat  in  trimming  out  and  civilizing  a  favorite  pine  grove. 
I  have  wrought  wonders,  as  you  shall  see  when  you  come  here 
with  me  in  October.  I  have  made  a  seat  under  the  father-pine, 
and  intend  putting  another  seat  and  writing-desk  in  the  thickest 
shade.  Tbe  birds  know  me  already,  and  I  have  learned  to  imi- 
tate the  partridge  and  the  rain-dove,  so  that  I  can  lure  them  to 
me.  I  have  some  superb  cedars  and  the  grandest  oaks  you  ever 
saw.  This  savagism  in  the  open  air  has  quite  destroyed  the 
inclination  to  write.  ...  I  have  not  written  a  line,  and  could 
not  if  I  would.  For  this  chiefest  of  mercies  the  Lord's  name 
be  praised.  I  have  just  thought  of  a  couplet  of  Goethe's,  which 
please  make  a  note  of  :  — 


"  Gray  and  hoary  is  all  Theory 
Forever  green  Life's  golden  tree." 


MARY  RUSSELL   MITFORD    TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Swallowfield,  August  18,  1854. 
My  dear  Mr.  Taylor,  —  Thank  you  very  sincerely  for  your 
most  interesting  letter.  Your  two  books  and  your  lectures  will 
have,  I  doubt  not,  the  great  power  which  you  most  wish,  that 
of  making  the  Arab  character  known  in  the  West.  Only  this 
very  day  I  find  a  very  distinguished  man  (Arthur  Stanley,  the 
biographer  of  Dr.  Arnold)  expressing  just  your  feeling.  He 
tells  a  most  dear  friend  of  his  and  mine  that  he  "  cannot  keep 
away  from  the  East ; "  and  that  you  should  wish  to  return  thither 
is  far  less  surprising.  You  seem  to  me  not  unlike  an  Arab  your- 
self, —  frank,  loyal,  faithful,  brave,  generous,  imaginative,  and, 
above  all,  nomadic.  To  keep  you  in  one  place  would  be  like 
fixing  a  lark  to  the  earth  or  imprisoning  a  swallow.  Wander- 
ing is  your  destiny,  dear  friend,  and  your  power  of  writing  and 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF  TRAVEL.        279 

of  speech  make  it  a  destiny  profitable  to  your  country  and  to 
ours.  I  always  thought  of  Moore's  verses  (they  are  not  poetry) 
just  as  you  do.  Knowing  the  man  well,  I  liked  him  as  a  com- 
panion and  a  wit,  but  now  by  publishing  his  diary  he  has  shown 
that  he  was  a  mere  party  man,  a  place-hunter,  and  a  base  syco- 
phant to  rank,  money,  fashion,  —  mammon  in  every  shape.  It 
is  a  book  which  ought  to  do  good  to  authors  by  showing  what 
bitter  apples  they  swallow  who  haunt  in  the  form  of  toad-eaters 
the  tables  of  the  great.  Theodore  Hook  himself  was  not  a  more 
miserable  warning.  It  is  a  comfort  to  rne  that  I  expressed,  two 
years  ago,  in  my  "  Recollections,"  the  same  opinion  of  Moore's 
verses  (even  his  Irish  verses),  and  almost  in  the  same  words. 
Just  look  at  the  book  ;  you  will  find  the  sentence  in  one  of  the 
chapters  on  Irish  poets.  Have  you  read  a  little  book  by  Monck- 
ton  Milnes,  called  "  Palm  Leaves  ' '  ?  That  is  an  imperfect  ap- 
proach to  your  plan.  "  Les  Orientales,"  by  Victor  Hugo,  far 
more  poems  than  either  Milnes'  or  Moore's  lyrics,  are  hardly 
Eastern.  Altogether,  the  ground  is  left  vacant  for  you,  who  will 
best  fill  it. 

If  you  have  read  the  Preface  to  "  Atherton,"  it  will  perhaps 
give  you  some  idea  of  my  state  to  say  that  I  have  been  growing 
gradually  and  steadily  worse  ever  since.  About  six  weeks  ago  I 
was  so  much  fatigued  and  excited  by  a  two  hours'  visit  from  a 
friend,  who  had  come  from  Germany  a  year  before  his  time  in 
order  to  see  me  once  again,  that  from  mere  exhaustion  such  a 
struggle  for  breath  followed  my  being  lifted  into  bed  as  made 
every  one  believe  it  the  last.  So  now  I  am  not  moved  from  my 
chair,  but  sit  night  and  day  on  a  water  cushion,  propped  by  air 
cushions,  my  feet  sometimes  put  up  ou  another  cushion,  and 
sometimes  wheeled  to  the  open  window.  I  grow  weaker  and 
weaker,  and  the  digestive  powers  are  failing  ;  but  God  is  very 
merciful.  I  believe  that  his  visitation  has  been  graciously  sent 
to  draw  me  to  Himself,  and  He  has  been  pleased  to  spare  my  un- 
derstanding and  my  affections.  I  have  all  material  comforts,  — 
servants  who  nurse  me  as  if  I  were  their  mother,  a  most  skillful 
surgeon,  who  is  also  a  most  dear  friend,  and  neighbors  who  are 
so  attentive  that  the  difficulty  is  to  exclude  visitors  who  exhaust 
my  strength.  Amongst  these,  dear  Lady  Russell  is  the  most 
constant.  I  see  her  nearly  every  day  ;  and  once  I  have  seen 
your  acquaintance  Mr.  George,  a  clever,  idle  lad,  who  will  I  hope 
exert  his  abilities  and  become  a  distinguished  man.     But  it  is  one 


280  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

of  the  dangers  of  English  life  to  be  the  younger  son  of  a  man  of 
large  landed  property,  and  so  connected  that,  without  being  rich 
himself,  he  is  thrown  into  all  the  temptations  of  luxury  and  dissi- 
pation. His  elder  brother  is  in  the  Guards,  and  now,  I  suppose, 
before  or  at  Sebastopol.  God  bless  you,  dear  Mr.  Taylor.  Re- 
member me  to  my  dear  American  friends,  not  forgetting  Mr. 
Stoddard.  Ever  faithfully  yours, 

M.    R.   MlTFORD. 

Write  to  me,  if  you  have  time.  This  state  is  uncertain  as  to 
duration,  although  to  all  appearance  the  end  draws  near. 

BAYARD   TAYLOR   TO   MARY   RUSSELL   MlTFORD. 

New  York,  September  15,  1854. 

My  dear  Friend,  —  I  can  scarcely  say  how  much  I  thank 
you  for  your  letter  which  reached  me  yesterday.  I  know  how 
much  it  must  have  cost  you  to  write  at  all,  and,  if  this  should 
not  find  your  health  improved,  I  hope  you  will  not  feel  bound 
to  exhaust  your  strength  by  replying  to  it.  I  will  still  hope 
that  you  may  be  spared  to  your  friends  for  summers  to  come  ; 
but,  if  this  should  not  be,  the  cheerfulness  with  which  you  an- 
ticipate the  great  change  will  sweeten  its  approach. 

I  wish  I  could  say  something  that  could  cheer  the  weariness 
of  your  illness  ;  but  what  can  I  write,  except  what  you  must 
already  know,  that  you  have  many  true  friends  on  this  side  of 
the  ocean  ;  that  many  whom  you  have  never  seen  think  of  you 
with  esteem  and  affection,  and  that  their  warmest  sympathy  is 
with  you  in  your  afflictions.  If  I  should  never  see  you  again,  it 
will  be  a  happiness  to  remember  that  I  have  Seen  and  known 
you  in  your  house  at  Swallowfield.  Shall  I  ever  forget  that 
stormy  afternoon  I  passed  in  your  little  library  ?  I  then  hoped 
that  our  meeting  was  but  the  commencement  of  an  intercourse 
which  I  knew  I  should  value  the  more  the  longer  it  existed  ;  for 
I  looked  forward  then,  as  now,  to  visiting  England  frequently. 
Your  kindness  to  a  rough  stranger  like  myself  made  me  at  once 
your  friend,  and  I  shall  never  think  of  you  otherwise,  my  dear 
Miss  Mitford,  than  with  the  sincerest  friendship  and  esteem. 
Stoddard  and  I  speak  of  you  often  and  involuntarily  as  an  old 
and  tried  friend,  so  near  and  familiar  the  thought  of  you  has  be- 
come. You  will  still  live  thus  in  our  memories  when  you  shall 
have  left  the  world,  in  which  we  must  struggle  a  little  while 
longer. 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER    OF  TRAVEL.        281 

My  work  on  Africa  will  be  published  in  a  few  days,  and  I 
will  send  you  a  copy  by  the  first  opportunity.  It  may  serve  to 
divert  the  tedium  of  your  imprisonment.  I  have  tried  to  fix  the 
sunshine  of  the  East  on  its  pages,  and  perhaps  a  little  may  be 
reflected  into  the  glooms  of  your  English  October.  It  promises 
to  be  very  successful  here,  six  or  seven  thousand  copies  having 
been  ordered  before  pubbcation.  I  am  busily  engaged  upon  an- 
other, to  be  called  "The  Lands  of  the  Saracen,"  embracing  my 
travels  in  Syria,  Asia  Minor,  Sicily,  and  Spain.  Three  volumes 
in  one  season.  You  see  I  am  not  idle,  although  I  work  some- 
Avhat  against  my  will,  for  the  old  Oriental  indolence  returns  now 
and  then. 

I  am  glad  you  like  the  idea  of  the  Oriental  poems.  It  re- 
mains to  be  seen  whether  they  will  be  recognized  as  successful. 
A  poetical  fame  is  usually  of  slow  growth,  and  circumstances 
have  obliged  me  to  throw  my  prose  in  the  way  of  my  poetry. 
I  know  perfectly  well,  however,  that  literary  fame  must  be 
waited  for,  not  sought  ;  that  if  I  deserve  it  I  shall  surely  get  it, 
and  if  I  don't  deserve  it  I  ought  not  to  wish  it. 

I  have  seen  nearly  all  our  authors  this  summer,  —  Irving, 
Longfellow,  Lowell,  Holmes,  Willis,  and  Bryant,  —  but  they  are 
idling  at  present.  Stoddard  and  I  are  working  side  by  side, 
and  trying  to  keep  our  early  vows.  There  is  happiness  in  the 
labor,  and  we  are  cheerful  and  hopeful.  Heaven  grant,  my  dear 
friend,  that  we  may  be  as  fortunate  as  you  when  the  time  conies 
for  us  to  cease  working,  that  we  may  look  back  on  our  success- 
ful achievements,  and  be  surrounded  by  as  many  and  as  faithful 
friends  ! 

But  I  fear  lest  it  may  tire  you  to  read  as  well  as  to  write,  and 
that  I  may  be  making  my  letter  too  long.  I  wall  write  again 
soon  if  I  can  say  anything  to  interest  you.     God  bless  you  ! 

Ever  faithfully  your  friend,  Bayard  Taylor. 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

New  York,  September  1,  ]8-"4. 
What  are  you  doing  ?  This  is  fine  working  weather  and  I  am 
already  deep  into  my  second  book  of  travels.  I  call  it  "  The 
Lands  of  the  Saracen,"  as  it  embraces  Syria,  Asia  Minor,  Sicily, 
and  Spain.  The  poems  are  all  in  type,  making  a  volume  of  two 
hundred  and  three  pages.  They  will  be  published  in  about  a 
month.     My  African  book  is  all  printed  aud  bound  (about  four 


282  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

thousand  copies  ordered),  and  will  be  published  in  about  four 
days.  I  shall  send  you  a  copy  as  soon  as  possible.  Stoddard  has 
read  the  most  of  it,  and  prefers  it  to  my  other  prose  works, 
although  he  still  thinks  that  it  is  liable  to  the  same  objection,  a 
want  of  poetic  and  imaginative  description.  My  plan,  however, 
is  to  keep  poetry  in  one  dish  and  prose  in  another,  and  let  those 
mix  them  who  choose.  Dick  and  I  have,  for  our  own  amuse- 
ment, written  a  poem  in  imitation  of  Shelley.  Mine  is  called  "  A 
Vision  of  Sleep,"  and  really  reads  quite  like  Shelley.  In  other 
respects  Dick  is  lazy,  and  I  am  so  engrossed  by  my  prose  that 
poetry  is  dead  and  buried  for  the  time. 

I  am  receiving  any  quantity  of  invitations  to  lecture  next  win- 
ter, and  expect  to  start  on  my  tour  about  the  20th  of  October. 
I  shall  be  thus  employed  until  May,  when  I  shall  resume  work 
on  the  "  Tribune."  I  had  made  a  pleasant  arrangement  with 
Bogue  for  the  republication  of  my  books  in  London,  and  now  the 
recent  copyright  decision  knocks  it  all  in  the  head.  How  much 
longer  are  we  to  be  treated  in  this  beggarly  manner  by  our  leg- 
islators ?  I  have  no  hope  of  the  Copyright  Treaty  ever  being 
ratified  by  the  present  Senate. 

WASHINGTON   IRVING   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Sunnyside,  September  12,  1854. 
My  dear  Bayard  Taylor,  —  I  am  quite  grieved  that  I  was 
from  home  when  you  visited  Sunnyside  last  Saturday,  and  that 
you  did  not  make  yourself  at  home  notwithstanding  my  absence. 
Why  did  you  not  take  command  of  my  little  library,  such  as  it 
is,  or  while  away  the  sultry  day  under  the  trees  ?  My  women- 
kind  would  have  been  happy  to  give  you  the  best  entertainment 
the  house  afforded.  One  of  my  nieces  hastened  down-stairs  to 
welcome  you  and  was  extremely  disappointed  at  finding  you  had 
gone.  I  trust  you  will  act  better  on  any  future  occasion,  and 
will  feel  assured  that  whoever  is  in  the  house  will  be  happy  to 
receive  you,  and  should  nobody  be  at  home,  that  the  house  itself 
is  at  your  service. 

I  feel  very  much  obliged  to  you  for  the  volume  you  were  so 
kind  as  to  leave,  and  promise  myself  great  pleasure  in  once  more 
accompanying  you  in  your  African  travels. 

Yours  very  cordially  and  sincerely, 

Washington  Irving. 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF  TRAVEL.        283 

The  older  men  of  letters,  of  whom  Irving  was  then 
the  recognized  dean,  always  received  from  Bayard 
Taylor  the  respect  which  he  paid  to  the  men  who  had 
done  honorable  service  in  literature,  and  gave  to  him 
that  hearty  companionship  which  age  in  letters  always 
knows  so  well  how  to  share  with  youth.  For  the  men 
of  his  own  time  of  life,  he  had  a  very  cordial  sympathy. 
His  letters  have  already  shown  how  sensitive  he  was 
to  the  affection  of  his  intimate  literary  friends,  hut 
they  only  rarely  hint  at  the  full  pleasure  which  he  took 
in  their  companionship.  Mr.  Stoddard,  in  his  "  Rem- 
iniscences," has  given  a  glimpse  of  comradery  which 
subsisted  between  himself,  Bayard  Taylor,  and  Fitz 
James  O'Brien,  the  brilliant  young  Irish  litterateur. 

"  I  recall  many  nights  which  Bayard  Taylor  passed 
in  our  rooms.  .  .  .  Great  was  our  merriment ;  for  if 
we  did  not  always  sink  the  shop,  we  kept  it  for  our  own 
amusement  solely.  Fitz  James  O'Brien  was  a  frequent 
guest,  and  an  eager  partaker  of  our  merriment,  which 
somehow  resolved  itself  into  the  writing  of  burlesque 
poems.  We  sat  around  a  table,  and  whenever  the 
whim  seized  us,  which  was  often  enough,  we  each  wrote 
down  themes  on  little  pieces  of  paper,  and  putting 
them  into  a  hat  or  a  box  we  drew  out  one  at  random, 
and  then  scribbled  away  for  dear  life.  We  put  no  re- 
striction upon  ourselves :  we  could  be  grave  or  gay,  or 
idiotic  even ;  but  we  must  be  rapid,  for  half  the  fun 
was  in  noting  who  first  sang  out,  '  Finished ! '  It  was 
a  neck  and  neck  race  between  Bayard  Taylor  and  Fitz 
James  O'Brien,  who  divided  the  honors  pretty  equally, 
and  whose  verses,  I  am  compelled  to  admit,  were  gen- 
erally better  than  my  own.  Bayard  Taylor  was  very 
dexterous  in  seizing  the  salient  points  of  the  poets  we 
girded  at,  and  was  as  happy  as  a  child  when  his  bur- 


284  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

lesques  were  successful.  He  reminded  me,  I  once  told 
him,  of  Kalterf  elto 

'  With  his  hair  on  end 
At  his  own  wonders.' 

He  blushed,  laughed,  and  admitted  that  his  cleverness 
pleased  him,  and  he  was  glad  that  it  pleased  us  also. 
'  It  is  good  sport,'  he  remarked ;  '  but  poetry,  —  that 
is  very  different.'  "  1 

A  writer  in  the  "  Tribune "  refers  to  the  same 
mock-duels  in  an  article  on  Fitz  James  O'Brien,  and 
instances  a  case  where  the  theme  was  "  The  Helmet." 
He  gives  O'Brien's  verses :  — 

A  warrior  hung  his  plumed  helm 

On  the  rugged  bough  of  an  aged  elm  ; 
"  Where  is  the  knight  so  bold,"  he  cried, 
"  That  dares  my  haughty  crest  deride  ?  " 

The  wind  came  by  with  a  sullen  howl 
And  dashed  the  helm  on  the  pathway  foul, 
And  shook  in  scorn  each  sturdy  limb,  — 
For  where  is  the  knight  could  fight  with  him  ? 

And  here  is  Mr.  Stoddard's  poem :  — 

Where  the  standards  waved  the  thickest, 

And  the  tide  of  battle  rolled, 
Furiously  he  charged  the  foeman, 

On  his  snow-white  steed  so  bold  ; 
But  he  wore  no  guarding  helmet 

Only  his  long  hair  of  gold. 

"  Turn  and  fly,  thou  rash  young  warrior, 

Or  this  iron  helmet  wear." 
"  Nay,  but  I  am  armed  already 

In  the  brightness  of  my  hair  ; 
For  my  mother  kissed  its  tresses 

With  the  holy  lips  of  prayer." 

l  The  Atlantic  Monthly,  February,  1879. 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF   TRAVEL.        285 

"  Mr.  Taylor  came  in  last,"  adds  the  writer,  "  though 
not  far  behind.  He  could  not  write  upon  the  helmet, 
he  explained ;  he  had  tried  it  on  his  head,  and  there 
was  nothing  in  it !  " x  It  chanced  that  Bayard  was 
writing  shortly  after  to  Mr.  Boker,  and  sent  him  his 
poem. 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

New  York,  September  15,  1854. 
Dick  brought  me  a  deserved  reproof  from  you,  but  he  did  not 
tell  you  that  he  was  the  cause  of  my  not  sending  you  a  copy  of 
my  book  by  him.  The  scamp  promised  to  call  at  my  rooms  the 
evening  before  I  left,  and  I  had  the  book  ready  to  send  by  him. 
I  shall  bring  it  to  you  myself  in  three  weeks,  or  thereabouts.  I 
am  glad  you  like  the  commencement,  for  I  think  it  grows  bet- 
ter towards  the  close,  and  therefore  you  are  certain  to  like  the 
whole  of  it.  My  friends  here  think  it  a  great  advance  on  my 
other  prose  works,  and  the  fact  that  between  six  and  seven  thou- 
sand copies  have  been  sold  in  advance  of  publication  tells  well 
for  its  success.  It  will  come  out  on  Monday,  having  been  de- 
layed by  the  necessity  of  having  ten  thousand  to  start  with.  I 
have  nearly  finished  my  second  book  of  travels,  a  volume  of  450 
pages,  which  will  be  published  about  the  first  of  December. 
Three  books  in  one  publishing  season  !  Don't  I  deserve  a  medal 
from  the  Society  for  the  Promotion  of  Industrj'  ?  and  now  I 
must  have  three  lectures  ready  within  a  month,  and  then  off  for 
six  months.  How  I  yearn  for  next  spring,  and  the  prospect  of 
sitting  down  with  all  my  toil  behind  me,  and  a  fair  field  and  a 
clear  brain  for  poetry  !  I  am  glad  that  you  agree  with  me  about 
poetic  prose.  Dick  finds  this  book  nearly  free  from  the  objec- 
tions he  had  against  "  Eldorado  ;  "  O'Brien,  however  (a  very 
clever  young  Irishman  and  a  litterateur},  stoutly  maintains  the 
same  opinion.  Curtis,  who  turns  his  poetry  into  prose,  is  vastly 
delighted  with  the  "  Africa,"  which  is  a  weight  in  the  opposite 
scale.  These  opinions  are,  of  course,  simply  interesting  to  me, 
for  I  do  not  think  I  am  in  the  least  sensitive  about  my  prose 
writings.  I  fully  agree  with  one  of  your  criticisms  ;  "  palpa- 
ble "  is  wrong,  but  as  for  "  journey,"  custom  has  made  it  right. 
Words  are  often  diverted  from  their  original  meaning,  and  we 

i  New  York  Daily  Tribune,  March  6,  1881. 


286  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

are  not  bound  to  stick  to  the  old  usage.  "  Prevent "  is  a  case  in 
point.  Sterne,  whose  diction  is  very  choice,  has  a  "  Sentimental 
Journey."  Besides,  we  have  the  verb  "to  journey,"  which  is 
never  used  except  in  the  sense  of  "  to  travel."  Now,  the  literal 
meaning  of  travel  is  toil,  and  my  African  travel  was  a  delight 
and  a  recreation.  "  Expedition  "  will  not  do  at  all,  and  I  detest 
"  wanderings,"  "  skippings,"  "  meanderings,"  and  the  like.  What 
word  could  I  use  but  "journey?"  Tell  me  that,  my  master  ! 
Nevertheless,  don't  lay  aside  your  pencil  as  you  read,  for  these 
things  are  useful  to  me. 

Dick,  O'Brien,  and  I  were  talking  the  other  evening  about  Ger- 
man ballads,  and  it  was  suggested,  on  the  spur  of  the  moment, 
that  we  should  try  our  hands  on  something  in  the  German  vein. 
We  chose  "  The  Helmet  "  as  a  subject,  and  had  but  fifteen  min- 
utes to  conceive  and  carry  out  our  ideas.  Dick  wrote  a  very 
pretty  thing.  As  for  mine,  I  copy  it  as  a  curiosity  which  may 
divert  you  :  — 

"  1/  my  daughter  you  would  wed, 

Bring  me  your  helm,"  the  old  man  said, 
"Full  of  wealth  as  it  can  hold, 

Heaped  with  jewels  and  heavy  with  gold  ; 

For  I  will  not  give  my  daughter  to  share 

With  the  penniless  knight  his  beggar's  fare." 

Forth  to  the  wars  went  the  penniless  knight, 
For  booty  gleams  in  the  wake  of  fight, 
And  he  will  gather,  to  fill  his  helm, 
The  richest  spoils  of  the  hostile  realm, 
Till  the  miser's  heart  shall  softer  grow 
When  he  sees  the  gold  and  the  rubies  glow. 

The  fight  has  been  fought  and  the  wars  are  o'er, 
And  the  old  man  laughed  at  his  palace  door 
As  he  saw  that  the  place  of  the  penniless  lord 
Was  filled  by  a  stranger  helm  and  sword  ; 
But  his  daughter  came  and  knelt  where  he  stood, 
And  she  held  a  helmet  brimming  with  blood. 

"  O  father,  O  father,  his  blood  was  worth 
All  the  jewels  and  gold  of  earth. 
It  poured  from  his  heart  as  his  eyes  grew  dull, 
And  I  bring  you  his  helmet  brimming  full : 
You  have  your  will,  and  I  am  his  bride." 
At  her  father's  feet  the  maiden  died. 

With  these  exceptions  I  have  written  no  poetry  of  late,  and 
don't  expect  to  write  much  more  before  next  spring.     My  vol- 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER   OF   TRAVEL.        287 

nme  of  Orientals  must  buoy  me  up  until  then,  unless  it  should 
prove  a  dead  weight  to  my  feet  and  drown  me  altogether.  What 
have  you  been  doing  ?  .  .  . 

I  am  trying  to  keep  up  a  supply  of  animal  vigor,  by  bath- 
ing, gymnastics,  and  the  like.  I  have  an  excess  of  physical  vi- 
tality, which  must  be  ministered  to  in  this  way,  or  it  will  play 
the  devil  with  me.  I  spend  half  an  hour  every  day  in  the  cold 
sea-water,  and  then  have  a  man  rub  me  with  hair-gloves  until  the 
skin  is  worn  nearly  through.  I  have  been  practicing  this  for  two 
or  three  weeks,  and  am  now  in  good  condition  to  enter  the  ring. 
Look  out  for  my  fists,  young  man,  and  beware  how  you  provoke 
my  anger  !  Next  summer  I  am  going  to  enter  a  gymnasium,  and 
get  the  use  of  a  horse.  I  find  now,  more  than  ever,  that  my  body 
never  was  meant  for  a  sedentary  life,  and  that,  if  I  want  to  stay 
at  home  and  achieve  something,  I  must  humor  it  in  these  ways. 

I  have  just  had  a  letter  from  Miss  Mitford.  The  dear  old 
lady  is  near  her  end,  and  I  am  afraid  my  answer  will  not  find  her 
living. 

New  York,  September  20,  1854. 

In  the  first  place,  let  me  thank  you  for  the  very  kind  notice  of 
my  book  in  the  "  North  American."  It  is  everything  that  I  could 
desire,  and  more  than  I  deserve.  The  evident  sincerity  of  the 
notice  is  its  great  merit  to  me  and  to  my  publisher,  who  has 
quoted  the  greater  part  of  it  in  a  circular  announcing  the  fact 
that  the  tenth  thousand  of  the  book  is  now  ready.  So  you  see  you 
are  helping  my  pocket  as  well  as  my  reputation.  When  will  you 
give  me  a  chance  to  do  the  same  good  office  for  you  ? 

...  I  shall  finish  the  "  copy  "  of  the  second  book  of  travels  to- 
morrow, and  shall  then  commence  preparing  my  lectures.  I  have 
just  a  month  left  in  which  to  write  three  and  make  my  visit  to 
Chester  County  with  Dick  and  you,  so  it  behooves  me  not  to  lose 
time.  I  have  just  returned  from  Tarrytown,  where  I  spent  the 
afternoon  with  Washington  Irving,  who  is  a  charming  old  man 
and  a  good  friend  of  mine.  There  is  an  autumnal  wind  on  the 
Hudson,  and  I  have  come  back  with  a  cold  in  the  head,  the  result 
of  civilization.  If  I  were  in  my  natural  barbaric  state,  I  should 
have  escaped  it.  This  stupid  cold  must  be  my  apology  for  this 
brief  note.  I  write  with  a  muddled  head  and  a  languid  pen 
because  I  would  not  longer  delay  telling  you  how  much  I  thank 
you. 


288  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


MARY   RUSSELL  MITFORD   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

September  28,  1854. 
My  very  dear  Friend,  —  Your  most  charming  letter,  so 
tender  and  so  true,  has  gone  straight  to  my  heart,  as  it  came 
straight  from  yours.  I  cannot  think  of  it  without  tears.  Never- 
theless, I  am  well  accustomed  to  touching  letters  just  now,  —  to 
marks  of  goodness,  which  make  me  say,  "  How  have  I  deserved 
all  this  kindness  ?  "  My  own  country-people  have  not  failed  me; 
friends  and  strangers,  high  and  low,  all  crowd  the  little  court 
with  calls  of  inquiry,  and  load  the  postman  with  letters ;  and  your 
great  American  nation  is  to  the  full  as  warm-hearted.  Dear  Mr. 
Fields  sent  me  yesterday  a  bill  for  £50,  on  account  of  the  au- 
thor's profits  of  "  Atherton  ; "  and  when  I  consider  how  cheap 
that  one  volume  is,  and  how  short  is  the  time  since  it  has  been 
published,  it  shows  that  the  number  of  readers,  each  of  whom 
they  say  becomes  a  friend,  is  very  considerable.  Mr.  Fields  says 
that  it  is  still  "  going  famously,"  and,  welcome  as  money  is  in  so 
long  and  so  expensive  an  illness,  I  love  the  sale  which  increases 
my  unknown  friends  better  for  that  cause  than  for  the  pecuniary 
benefit.  Tou  will  understand  this  feeling.  Many,  indeed,  of  the 
very  best  are  already  my  friends  by  personal  acquaintance,  as 
dear  Mr.  Fields,  Mr.  Ticknor,  the  other  Mr.  Ticknor,  —  him  of  the 
Spanish  literature, — your  own  dear  self,  and  very  many  more ;  and 
others  by  correspondence,  as  Drs.  Holmes  and  Parsons,  Mr.  Haw- 
thorne, Mr.  Whittier,  Mr.  Stoddard,  and  again  many  more  ;  and 
I  have  always  found  that  the  deeper  we  penetrated  into  the  inner 
man  the  more  there  was  to  love  and  to  esteem.  Only  yesterday  I 
had  a  letter  from  Mrs.  Trollope,  my  friend  of  fifty  years,  and  she 
compliments  me  on  having  "  pierced  the  crust  of  the  American 
character  "  so  much  earlier  than  herself.  She  writes  from  Flor- 
ence, and  gives  a  bad  account  of  Mr.  Thompson's  health.  I  had 
given  him  a  letter  for  her.  She  does  not  say  where  he  is  now, 
giving  me  credit  with  being  better  acquainted  with  him  than  I 
am.  She  is  herself  quite  recovered,  and  a  wonderful  woman. 
When  I  was  a  girl  of  fifteen  she  was  a  woman  of  two  or  three 
and  twenty.  Now  she  is  a  score  of  years  younger,  in  all  but 
mind  and  heart ;  for  God  has  dealt  mercifully  with  me,  and 
spared  my  affections,  and  my  sympathies,  and  my  tastes  ;  even 
the  small  things  which  interest  those  around  me,  the  daily  tri- 
fles, still  interest  me,  —  an  unspeakable  mercy.     But  the  whole 


FRUIT  AND  FLOWER    OF   TRAVEL.        289 

visitation  has  been  sweet.     I  feel  that  it  was  sent  to  draw  me  to 
Him.     May  He  give  me  grace  not  to  forfeit  the  occasion  ! 

Since  I  wrote  to  yon  last  I  have  revived  to  a  certain  point,  so 
that  my  death  is  no  longer  expected  from  week  to  week,  or  from 
day  to  day,  or  from  hour  to  hour,  as  was  the  case  then.  I  owe 
this  under  Providence  to  the  admirable  kindness  of  my  medical 
attendant,  who,  although  giving  me  up,  did  not  abandon  the 
stranded  ship,  but  in  spite  of  his  own  great  practice  (he  tires  a 
pair  of  horses  a  day),  and  my  distance  from  Reading  (six  miles), 
and  his  own  bad  opinion  of  the  case,  continued  to  watch  every 
symptom  and  to  exhaust  every  resource  of  his  great  art,  as  if  his 
own  home  and  fortune  had  depended  on  the  result.  It  is,  of  course, 
only  a  short  respite,  since,  humanly  speaking,  nothing  seems  so 
impossible  as  my  surviving  the  winter,  or  even  the  change  from 
autumn  to  the  colder  season.  Still  the  amelioration  is  much,  and 
it  is  one  for  which  I  am  intensely  thankful.  My  way  of  life  is  no 
ways  changed.  I  am  still  incapable  of  moving  from  my  chair,  or 
even  of  being  lifted  into  bed  ;  but  the  weakness  is  less  painful, 
the  cheerfulness  less  like  resignation.  His  will  be  done  !  You 
give  me  an  added  motive  for  clinging  to  life  in  the  desire  to  see 
you  over  again.  But  it  is  something  to  look  forward  to  the  vol- 
ume, —  that  Eastern  volume  from  which  I  expect  so  much  de- 
light. It  has  always  seemed  to  me  that  Saladin  was  the  emblem 
of  mind,  and  Richard  of  brute  force.  The  Moorish  architecture 
is  one  of  the  really  great  things  of  the  world.  Surely,  it  influenced 
that  which  is  called  the  Gothic.  John  Ruskin  sent  me  lately  some 
photographs  of  architecture  at  Rouen,  which  at  once  made  me 
think  of  the  Moors,  although  he  did  not  mention  them.  May  God 
bless  you  !    I  am  desired  not  to  write,  but  I  could  not  refrain. 

Ever  yours,  Mary  M. 

HENRY  W.  LONGFELLOW  TO  BAYARD  TAYLOR. 

Cambridge,  October  4,  1854. 
Many  thanks  for  your  kind  remembrance  and  the  "Journey  to 
Central  Africa,"  which  we  are  reading  with  great  interest  and 
pleasure.  I  am  not  going  to  weary  you  with  the  commonplaces 
and  platitudes  usually  dealt  out  to  authors  on  such  occasions.  You 
know  very  well  already  how  welcome  you  and  your  writings  al- 
ways are  under  this  roof.  So  I  need  only  thank  you  for  your 
book  as  for  a  visi1;,  and  say  that  you  are  among  friends  here  un- 
der the  evening  lamps. 
vol.  i.  19 


290  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

I  am  charmed  with  your  drawings.  Can  I  have  one  of  the 
original  sketches,  or  a  copy  by  your  hand  ?  The  "  Residence  at 
Khartoum,"  for  instance,  or  "  Abdom."  Of  course,  I  should  pre- 
fer a  sketch  made  on  the  spot,  but  fear  you  may  want  to  keep 
all  originals. 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO  HENRY  W.  LONGFELLOW. 

New  York,  October  11, 1854. 

I  shall  be  most  happy  to  furnish  you  with  one  of  my  sketches. 
I  presume  an  unpublished  one  will  be  just  as  acceptable  to  you 
as  one  of  those  given  in  the  book.  The  "  Residence  at  Khar- 
toum "  was  worked  up  from  a  very  rough  sketch,  and  the  "  Ab- 
d6m  "  in  the  original  is  less  satisfactory  to  me  than  some  others 
which  were  not  engraved.  I  have  one  representing  my  boat  de- 
scending the  White  Nile  just  at  the  point  where  I  heard  the 
lions  and  hyenas  and  saw  the  river-horses,  which  suggested  the 
stanza  from  your  poem,1  quoted  at  the  head  of  chapter  xxv.  I 
not  only  wrote  the  chapter  and  the  stanza  while  in  my  boat  on 
the  river,  but  I  shouted  out  the  latter  to  the  forests  and  the  lions 
and  the  river-horses.  The  sketches  have  no  artistic  merit,  but 
they  are  faithful  representations  of  the  original  scenes  ;  and  as 
they  can  be  only  interesting  to  you  from  the  fact  of  their  being 
made  on  the  spot,  I  should  prefer  giving  you  one  with  which  you 
are  associated  in  my  memories  of  that  fascinating  voyage.  I 
shall  send  it  to  you  by  the  first  opportunity,  —  unless  you  should 
have  a  particular  desire  to  possess  either  of  the  two  you  named. 

I  ana  very  glad  the  book  interests  you.  The  writing  of  it  was 
a  great  delight  to  me,  and  I  rejoice  at  its  success  among  my 
friends,  apart  from  any  literary  considerations.  Remember  me 
kindly  to  Mrs.  Longfellow,  and  to  Lowell,  when  you  see  him. 

1  At  night  he  heard  the  lion  roar, 
And  the  hyena  scream, 
And  the  river-horse,  as  he  crushed  the  reeds 

Beside  some  hidden  stream ; 
And  it  passed,  like  a  glorious  roll  of  drums, 
Through  the  triumph  of  his  dream. 

The  Slave's  Dream. 


CHAPTER  XIH. 

CLEARING-AWAY   WORK. 

1854-1856. 

I  breathe  a  space,  between  two  sundered  lives, 
And  view  what  now  is  ended,  what  survives. 

The  Picture  of  St.  John. 

Bayard  Taylor  entered  the  lecture-field  in  the 
fall  of  1854  with  no  illusions.  The  work  was  distaste- 
ful to  him,  but  he  knew  well  that  in  no  other  way. 
could  he  so  quickly  reach  the  independence  of  fortune 
which  was  his  goal.  He  pleased  himself  with  the 
fancy  that  by  hard  labor  for  a  year  or  two  more  he 
should  be  able  to  dismiss  all  care  for  pecuniary  re- 
turn and  devote  himself  with  a  free  mind  to  poetry. 
He  saw  the  great  journal  with  which  he  was  con- 
nected, and  to  which  he  had  contributed  his  strength, 
prospering  and  returning  dividends  to  its  conductors 
beyond  expectation ;  his  books  of  travel  ran  at  once 
into  large  editions,  and  his  poems,  from  which  he  ex- 
pected no  returns,  helped  to  swell  his  income.  The 
fact  that  they  should  sell  pleased  him  out  of  all  pro- 
portion to  the  amount  which  he  received  from  the 
sale.  It  was  the  evidence  that  people  were  not  mis- 
led into  thinking  of  him  only  as  a  traveler  and  lec- 
turer which  pleased  him. 

The  business  of  lecturing  broke  up  his  literary 
work.  It  occupied  the  months  when  he  would  natu- 
rally accomplish  the  most,  and  it  left  him  too  tired, 


292  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

when  summer  came,  for  any  considerable  ventures. 
This  irregular  and  unfruitful  life,  and  the  conscious- 
ness that  it  was  after  all  a  passage  from  the  wander- 
ing existence  he  had  led  to  the  larger  and  calmer 
devotion  to  art  to  which  he  looked  forward,  disposed 
him  to  use  the  opportunity  for  clearing  away,  so  to 
speak,  the  odds  and  ends  of  his  previous  career.  He 
listened  to  a  proposition  made  to  him  by  a  Western 
house  to  prepare  a  "  Cyclopaedia  of  Travel,"  to  be  sold 
by  subscription.  He  saw  in  the  work  an  opportunity 
to  turn  to  account  his  interest  in  travel  and  his  own 
experience  by  putting  into  compact  form  a  summary 
of  geography.  The  promises  held  out  to  him  by  the 
publishers  agreed  with  his  own  hopes,  and  he  was 
ready  to  do  a  piece  of  task  work  which  bore  to  his 
literary  occupation  much  the  same  relation  as  lectur- 
ing. 

He  wrote  a  few  new  poems,  but  in  poetry  also  the 
same  spirit  moved  him.  He  busied  himself  with  se- 
lecting from  his  previously  published  poems,  and  from 
these  new  ones,  such  as  he  was  ready  to  place  by  the 
side  of  "  Poems  of  the  Orient,"  and  arranged  them 
under  the  general  title  of  "  Poems  of  Home  and 
Travel,"  intending  to  allow  this  volume  to  supersede 
his  "  Rhymes  of  Travel,"  and  "  Book  of  Romances, 
Lyrics,  and  Songs."  With  this  work,  the  final  prepa- 
ration of  "  India,  China,  and  Japan,"  a  revision  of 
"  Views  Afoot,"  his  lectures,  and  his  "  Cyclopaedia," 
he  was  engaged  until  the  summer  of  1856. 

TO   MR.   AND   MRS.   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

Auburn,  N.  Y.,  Thursday,  November  9,  1854. 
Imagine  your  friend  seated  alone  in  a  dreary  inn,  on  the  raw- 
est of  all  raw  November  afternoons,  with  a  bost  idferdal  cold 
id  his  head,  and  his  mind  agitated  by  doubts  as  to  whether  he 


CLEARING-AWAY   WORK.  293 

will  have  voice  enough  to  lecture  by  to-night,  and  you  have  a 
true  picture  of  his  situation,  mood,  and  prospects.  In  this  di- 
lemma the  wing  of  my  friendship  moults  a  feather,  whereby  to 
claim  your  wedded  commiseration.  Oh,  if  I  were  but  back  in 
Washington  Square  !  If  I  could  but  step  around  to-night  to 
46,  smoke  my  cigar  without  fear  in  the  presence  of  the  Inexora- 
•  ble,  discuss  the  Theory  with  Richard,  and  drive  away  my  cares 
and  my  cold  together  in  potations  of  the  Homeric  draught  ! 
But  alas  !  my  friends,  this  cannot  be  :  here  am  I  in  sweet  Au- 
burn, with  a  bad  cigar  in  my  mouth,  a  dinner  of  corned  beef  and 
cold  boiled  beets  in  my  stomach,  a  cold  which  would  have  de- 
lighted Jeremiah,  for  it  makes  my  head  a  mill-dam,  whereof  my 
nose  is  the  sluice,  and  the  ennui  of  a  pubbc  lecture  awaiting  me. 
Better  look  after  debentures  (whatever  they  are)  like  Dick,  than 
enjoy  this  dismal  popularity. 

Nevertheless,  I  had  pleasant  times  in  Montreal.  I  was  there 
three  days,  had  glorious  weather,  and  was  treated  with  great  cor- 
diality by  the  natives.  I  found  that  I  was  very  well  known  there. 
My  lectures  were  well  attended,  and  I  received  much  courtesy 
from  the  editors  of  the  place.  I  then  went  to  Ogdensburg,  lec- 
tured once,  and  took  a  steamer  up  the  St.  Lawrence.  It  was  so 
cold  that  the  pitcher  in  my  state-room  had  a  lump  of  ice  instead 
of  water,  and  I  coidd  n't  sleep  for  the  keen,  cutting  chill  of  the 
air.  Here  I  sowed  and  planted  the  grain  which  has  now  come  to 
head.  I  commenced  an  address  to  the  river,  but  my  mind  was 
so  numb  after  the  first  couplet  that  I  got  no  farther.  I  give  the 
lines,  as  they  constitute  all  the  poetry  I  have  written  since  leav- 
ing New  York.     They  are  :  — 

"  O  St.  Lawrence  ! 
Thou  'rt  my  abhorrence  "  — 

It  blew  like  all  furies  when  we  reached  the  Thousand  Islands, 
and  we  could  just  get  mto  Kingston  Harbor,  when  the  captain 
gave  up  the  voyage.  I  waited  half  a  day  for  the  gale  to  go 
down,  wandering  meanwhile  about  Kingston,  which  is  a  dread- 
fully licentious  place,  as  I  was  informed  by  a  clergyman,  who 
added,  explanatorily  :  "  I  don't  say  this  from  my  personal  knowl- 
edge, but  I  was  told  so  by  others."  On  board  the  boat  there  was 
a  curious  female  specimen,  which  I  describe  for  Lizzy's  edifica- 
tion. She  was  about  thirty-nine  years  of  age,  very  thin  and  wasp- 
ish in  form,  and  with  scanty  hair  of  a  pale  straw  color  and  coarse 
texture,  combed  straight  back  over  a  narrow,  small  head,  and 


294  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

belayed  around  a  remarkably  high  semi-circular  comb,  of  black 
buffalo  horn.  Her  eyes  were  small,  of  a  weak  whitish-gray,  with 
pink  edges  and  straw-colored  lashes.  Her  face  was  of  the  hue 
of  an  ancient  tablecloth,  with  a  few  dabs  of  butter  here  and  there 
over  its  surface.  Her  teeth  were  inserted  with  a  picturesque  ir- 
regularity, and  when  she  smiled  I  could  only  liken  it  to  stretch- 
ing a  piece  of  buckskin  over  a  steel-trap.  I  admired  her  at  a 
distance,  for  I  did  not  dare  to  approach  her.  At  Ogdensburg, 
I  sat  next  to  a  young  lady  at  dinner,  whose  face  was  like  a  raw 
beefsteak,  with  two  pickled  onions  upon  it.  I  helped  her  to  the 
various  dishes,  and  she  looked  at  me  admiringly  with  the  pickled 
onions,  and  ate  so  much  that  the  beefsteak  hue  of  her  face 
changed  to  purple.  Since  then  I  have  been  haunted  by  a  third 
female,  whom,  by  a  singular  fatality,  I  meet  wherever  I  go. 
Since  Monday,  we  have  traveled  together  on  Jive  different  lines 
of  railway.  She  is  dressed  in  a  black  balzorine,  with  tulle  flounces, 
brought  over  the  shoulder  in  the  basque  form,  and  united  on  the 
back  by  noeuds  •  the  sleeves  are  half  large,  with  a  gore  just 
above  the  wrist,  set  between  two  bias  folds,  which,  you  know, 
Lizzy,  gives  a  very  pretty  effect  to  the  arm.  But  my  admiration 
of  her  dress  leads  me  away  from  herself.  She  wears  a  bag  of 
oiled  silk  over  her  head,  bonnet  and  all,  with  an  opening  in  front, 
which  forms  a  circle  extending  from  her  eye-brows  to  her  under- 
lip.  The  greater  part  of  this  circle  consists  of  nose,  for  the  eyes, 
though  large  and  gray-green,  are  thrown  entirely  into  shadow  by 
the  promontory  between  them.  Wherever  I  go  I  see  that  oiled 
silk  bag  and  that  projecting  nose  accompanying  me.  Heaven 
grant  it  is  not  another  Coutts,  to  buy  up  the  front  seats  at  my  lec- 
tures !  There  was  a  girl  yesterday  who  was  traveling  alone,  and 
made  many  advances  to  me,  in  the  way  of  smiles,  speaking  looks, 
etc.,  etc.  She  had  a  book  with  a  pink  cover,  which,  on  looking 
over  her  shoulder,  I  found  to  be  "  Louisa,  or  the  Lovely  Orphan." 
She  is  not  on  hand  to-day,  which  I  regret,  for  she  pleased  rne 
better  than  the  oiled  silk  bag  and  the  nose.  I  met  a  native  of 
Iowa  last  night  —  a  queer  fellow,  who  wanted  to  know  whether  I 
was  in  the  dry-goods  business.  I  told  him,  No,  I  was  in  the  hard- 
ware line  ;  and  we  had  a  long  talk  about  hatchets,  files,  shovels, 
locks,  pickaxes,  etc.,  etc.  I  lectured  last  night  in  Oswego  to  a 
fair  audience  ;  don't  know  how  many  I  shall  have  here,  and  don't 
care.  I  am  disgusted  with  this  way  of  lecturing,  and  shall  never 
adopt  it  again.     My  agent  don't  know  how  to  arrange  matters, 


CLEARING-AWAY  WORK.  295 

and  I  won't,  and  would  n't  for  twice  the  profit,  trouble  myself 
with  the  details  of  the  business.  Hereafter  I  shall  only  lecture 
for  societies,  where  everything  is  done  for  me,  and  I  have  noth- 
ing to  do  but  talk  and  take  the  money. 

By  the  bye,  my  Oriental  poems  seem  to  be  dead  already. 
They  are  not  advertised,  and  I  see  no  notices  of  them  in  the  pa- 
.  pers.  The  "  Tribune  "  has  not  yet  mentioned  them,  which,  I 
suppose,  is  owing  to  election  times.  Do  you  know  I  feel  quite 
indifferent  about  them  now,  and  have  n't  the  slightest  idea  that 
they  will  sell  any  better  than  my  last  book. 

Write  to  me,  both  of  you,  and  I  '11  write  again,  with  or  without 
a  cold  in  my  head.  If  you  write  in  two  days  after  getting  this, 
direct  to  Hamilton,  C.  W.  —  If  you  don't,  you  need  not  write  at 
all,  for  the  Lord  knows  where  I  shall  be.  Give  my  kide  rebeb- 
radces  to  O'Bried,  whed  you  see  bib,  ad  believe  be,  ever, 

Your  sidcere  Fred. 

His  Oriental  poems  were  by  no  means  dead,  and 
the  haste  with  which  he  pronounced  the  funeral  words 
was  really  only  one  of  those  precautions  which  the 
mind  takes  to  save  itself  too  great  disappointment. 
By  saying  very  distinctly  that  they  were  dead  he 
would  be  equally  prepared  for  the  confirmation  or  the 
disappointment  of  his  fears.  In  his  wanderings  about 
the  country  he  was  cut  off  from  very  prompt  or  fre- 
quent knowledge  of  the  fortune  of  his  book,  but  the 
letters  which  found  him  came  sometimes  with  rare 
power  to  kindle  him,  as  when  Mr.  Lowell  wrote  :  — 

JAMES    RUSSELL   LOWELL  TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Elmwood,  December  4,  1854. 

It  gives  me  the  greatest  pleasure  to  thank  you  for  your  volume 
of  poems.  It  is  a  great  triumph  in  the  opinion  of  everybody,  and 
I  cannot  help  twitching  off  my  cap  to  fling  it  up  with  the  rest.  I 
like  it  all,  but  there  are  some  poems  whose  pathos  and  deep 
sentiment  I  feel  that  I  have  a  more  than  common  right  to  be 
grateful  for. 

Allow  me  to  say,  my  dear  Taylor,  that  I  have  always  particu- 
larly valued  and  respected  in  you  that  quiet  and  unconscious 


296  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

strength  of  character  which  has  kept  you  so  loyal  to  your  past 
Bayard  Taylor,  amid  all  the  temptations  of  reputation  and  pop- 
ularity. It  is  a  constancy  as  rare  as  it  is  admirable.  Do  not 
suppose  that  I  have  any  sad  particular  in  my  mind :  I  am  think- 
ing only  of  general  characteristics. 

But  beware  of  becoming  too  deeply  enamoured  of  the  sensuous 
in  poetry.  It  is  natural  that  the  pendulum  of  us  Yankees  should 
swing  very  far  away  from  our  Puritan  and  Quaker  extreme  — 
only  we  must  remember  that  Bacchus  was  the  god  of  severe 
tragedy  also.  What  I  mean  is  that  you  must  not  trust  too  far 
to  your  own  purity,  because  few  of  your  readers  will  be  able  to 
match  it. 

Forgive  me  for  preaching,  but  I  am  a  parson's  son,  and  it  runs 
in  the  blood,  I  suppose.  I  should  not  have  said  anything  if  I 
had  not  thought  so  higbly  as  I  do  of  your  book.  It  gives  proof 
of  remarkable  development  in  all  directions. 

Other  evidence  came  of  the  success  of  the  book 
when  he  could  write  to  his  mother :  "  Ticknors  have 
sold  1,500  copies  already,  and  the  demand  contiuues. 
This,  for  poetry,  is  doing  wonderfully  well.  Longfel- 
low and  Willis  in  particular  are  delighted  with  the 
book." 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

Utica,  N.  Y.,  December  10,  1854. 
Do  not  think  me  ungrateful  or  neglectful,  because  I  have  not 
before  this  thanked  you  for  pouring  your  sunshine  upon  my  Ori- 
ental children.  I  have  been  dogged  to  death  by  labor  for  the 
past  month,  and  have  been  obliged,  perforce,  to  write  so  many 
letters  that  I  am  thoroughly  disgusted  with  pen  and  ink.  I  have 
no  sensation  but  that  of  intense  weariness.  But  I  turn  to  you 
this  afternoon  as  a  refuge  from  my  own  individual  self,  which  is 
a  devil  that  I  cannot  drive  away.  This  dreadful  white  world 
and  gray  sky  and  bleak  air  depress  me  terribly.  Light  and 
color,  and  the  joy  of  breathing  and  movement,  are  all  lost.  I  am 
shut  up  in  a  dreary  hotel  room  (you  know  what  that  is),  and 
cannot  escape  my  own  thoughts.  What  an  awful  significance 
there  is  in  that  line  of  Manfred  :  — 

"  Thy  curse  shall  be  —  to  think  !  " 

Life,  Death,  Eternity,  Existence,  Destiny,  and  the  humbugs  of 


CLEARING -A  WAY   WORK.  297 

the  outer  life  of  man,  have  taken  me  at  a  disadvantage,  and 
pricked  and  goaded  me  until  I  can  find  no  peace  but  in  the 
shadow  of  your  personality.  You  are  the  rock  in  the  weary 
land,  and  thus  I  throw  myself  at  your  feet  in  all  the  selfishness 
of  friendship. 

I  hear  you  were  to  be  in  New  York  about  this  time.  Why 
will  you  always  come  when  I  am  absent  ?  By  the  sword  of  Ha- 
roun,  if  this  happens  again,  I  will  call  you  to  account  !  But  I 
shall  see  you  next  week,  when  I  shall  spend  three  days  in  Phil- 
adelphia, and  at  least  two  of  them  with  you,  O  faithless  !  I  am 
sorry  to  hear  of  your  trouble  about  your  eyes,  and  trust  you  will 
have  recovered  sufficiently  for  cigars  by  the  time  we  meet. 

I  met  Griswold  in  Boston  ten  days  ago.  He  tells  me  you  are 
reading  the  proof  of  Read's  new  poem  ;  you  must  have  it  ready 
to  show  to  me.  I  had  good  news  from  Ticknor.  The  second 
thousand  of  my  poems  is  rapidly  melting  away.  The  book  is 
considered  a  decided  success.  Longfellow  spoke  to  me  about  it 
in  the  warmest  and  kindest  manner.  Willis  told  Fields  that 
it  was  the  most  astonishing  stride  I  had  ever  made.  He  has 
copied  the  whole  of  "  Hassan's  Temptation "  into  the  "  Home 
Journal."  I  am  very  glad,  by  the  way,  that  you  liked  Hassan. 
He  is  a  good  fellow,  in  spite  of  his  sins.  I  am  greatly  encour- 
aged by  the  success  of  the  book,  for  it  is  my  first  general  recog- 
nition as  a  poet. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Cincinnati,  January  23,  1855. 
.  .  .  The  climate  here  (with  the  exception  of  the  past  three 
days)  has  been  delightful,  and  I  feel  better  than  I  have  done  for 
three  months  —  partly  because  I  take  great  care  of  myself,  and 
am  lazy  whenever  I  can  find  time  to  be  so.  I  have  discovered 
an  Irishman  at  the  Burnet  House  here,  where  I  am  staying,  who 
understands  the  Oriental  style  of  bathing,  and  who  gives  me  a 
thorough  currying  down  whenever  I  arrive,  dusty  and  wearied. 
This  puts  new  life  into  me.  Besides,  I  take  great  care  to  keep 
warm,  and  to  protect  my  throat  after  speaking.  Consequently, 
although  I  have  lectured  fifty-eight  times,  I  look  forward  with 
encouragement  to  the  sixty  or  seventy  engagements  still  on  hand. 
I  spent  two  days  at  Antioch  College,  staying  with  Horace  Mann. 
They  made  me  preach  in  the  chapel  on  Sunday  afternoon,  on  the 
"  Religions  of  the  World."     I  spoke  for  more  than  an  hour  ex- 


298  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ternporaneously,  a  new  thing  to  me.     I  was  a  little  seared,  but 
got  through  with  credit. 

Columbus,  Ohio,  February  10,  1855. 
...  I  shall  write  again  from  New  Albany.  My  engagements 
multiply,  and  I  shall  probably  be  occupied  in  lecturing  until  May 
1st.  Why  can't  father  and  you  come  out  to  New  Albany  about 
May  1st,  go  with  us  to  the  Mammoth  Cave,  and  then  home  via 
Niagara.  I  will  pay  all  your  expenses  if  you  will  only  do  it. 
Pray  think  of  it,  for  it  can  be  done  without  the  least  difficulty.  .  .  . 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

Chicago,  III.,  February  24,  1855. 

Let  me  sit  down  and  say  a  word  to  you  this  "  bitter  chill " 
evening.  The  cigar  in  my  mouth  is  a  guaranty  that  I  shall  not 
be  very  dismal,  but  the  snow-drifts  and  the  zero  out  of  doors 
will  prevent  me  from  being  very  cheerful.  I  have  been  snow- 
bound here  for  the  past  two  days,  the  railroads  being  blocked 
up.  Will  the  spring  ever  come  ?  I  have  endured  all  the  rigors 
of  the  North  Pole  within  the  last  six  weeks,  and  there  is  no  re- 
laxation. The  lengthening  days  only  lengthen  the  gloom,  for  the 
nights  only  are  tolerably  cheery. 

...  I  had  a  note  from  Read  the  other  day.  He  seems  in 
good  spirits,  and  speaks  confidently  of  the  "  New  Pastoral," 
which,  by  the  way,  I  see  is  out.  Read  says  I  am  the  original  of 
"  Arthur."  What  sort  of  a  fellow  is  Arthur  ?  I  hope  he  has 
more  consistency,  more  firmness  of  purpose,  and  fewer  conflict- 
ing elements  in  his  character  than  I.  Read  wants  to  get  my 
poems  sent  out  to  him  through  Parry  &  McMillan,  who  are  going 
to  send  him  a  box  of  books.  Now,  let  me  task  your  kindness  to 
have  two  copies  of  my  "  Orientals  "  put  into  the  box,  for  R.  and 
Powers.  P.  &  McM.  can  transfer  them  to  Ticknors,  as  taken  on 
my  account.  I  have  had  two  notes  from  England  about  my 
poems,  —  from  Milnes,  cold  and  stately,  and  Camilla  Crossland 
{ne'e  Toulmin),  warm  and  cordial.  Ticknors  are  now  selling 
the  third  thousand.  The  booksellers  in  the  West  tell  me  it  goes 
off  extremely  well.  I  have  had  a  handsome  offer  from  a  Cin- 
cinnati house  to  compile  a  "  Cyclopaedia  of  Modern  Travel,"  —  a 
piece  of  hack-work,  to  be  sure,  but  one  which  I  could  do  with 
some  spirit,  and  I  have  a  mind  to  midertake  it  ;  what  say  you  ? 
It  would  bring  me  in  a  very  handsome  sum.  This  is  another  of 
those  devilish  baits  to  entice  me  away  from  my  beloved  art,  but 
what 's  to  be  done  ? 


CLEARING-AWAY  WORK.  299 

This  lecturing  business  is  beginning  to  exhaust  me.  I  have 
lectured  already  seventy-nine  times,  and  have  fifty-one  more  en- 
gagements on  hand.  I  cannot  write,  hardly  read,  and  my  very 
thoughts  are  beginning  to  be  sterile.  Yet  in  all  this  desolation 
I  feel  the  upheaving  of  the  poetical  element  from  time  to  time, 
showing  that  there  is  still  fire  under  the  cold  craters.  I  have 
iStiU  a  year's  labor  on  hand  —  a  year's  incessant  toil  —  and  then, 
please  God,  I  shall  go  out  into  the  atmosphere  of  the  world  and 
draw  a  free  breath.  Be  ready,  George,  for  that  winter  on  the 
Nile  ;  let  us  steal  some  real,  tangible  glory  from  life.  Ah,  there 
is  so  much  that  is  possible,  if  we  only  determined  that  it  should 
be  real !  Do  not  think  of  the  plan  as  a  dream,  or  it  will  always 
remain  one.  I  am  bent  on  making  my  life  rich,  if  not  in  results, 
at  least  in  experiences,  sensations,  enjoyments  ;  and  I  know  you 
would  find  also  that  action  quickens  the  pulse  of  thought. 

TO   R.    H.   STODDARD. 

Detroit,  March  4,  1855. 

...  In  Louisville  two  weeks  ago  I  saw  the  home  of  George 
Keats,  and  learned  much  about  him  and  his  family.  They  say 
his  character  was  one  of  the  noblest  and  purest.  He  has  two 
sons,  John  and  Clarence,  neither  of  whom  I  saw.  But  fancy 
John  Keats  an  American  !  The  house  was  Grecian,  built  with 
considerable  taste,  and  though  in  the  city,  had  a  garden  around 
it,  with  antique  statues.  I  thought  of  his  and  our  poor  brother, 
John,  and  saw,  by  a  sudden  mirage,  his  daisied  grave  in  the 
meadow  under  the  wall  of  Rome. 

...  A  curious  instance  of  natural  clairvoyance  occurred  to 
me  the  other  morning.  I  awoke,  and  as  it  was  light,  wondered 
whether  it  was  time  to  get  out  of  bed.  Immediately  I  seemed 
to  see  through  the  pillow  (I  was  lying  on  my  back)  and  through 
the  case  of  my  watch,  which  was  under  it,  and  read  the  time,  — 
eleven  minutes  past  six  !  The  impression  was  so  curious  that  I 
arose,  took  out  my  watch  and  opened  it,  and  found  the  time,  — 
eleven  minutes  past  six  !     Was  not  that  remarkable  ? 

TO   HIS   MOTIIER. 

Ottawa,  III.,  March  21,  1855. 
...  I  had  a  letter  from  Putnam  yesterday.     My  copyright 
on  the  first  of  January  amounted  to  .S'2,G.jO,  so  you  see  my  trip 
has  not  turned  out  badly.     Henceforth  I  shall  get  a  good  income 


300  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

from  my  books  alone.  I  want  to  purchase  two  more  shares  of 
the  "  Tribune  "  in  July,  if  possible.  I  feel  now  perfectly  re- 
heved  of  all  future  anxiety  about  money  matters,  which  is  a 
great  satisfaction.  I  am  about  making  an  engagement  with  a 
Cincinnati  publishing  house  to  compile  a  "  Cyclopaedia  of  Mod- 
ern Travel,"  which  will  yield  me  at  least  five  thousand  dollars  in 
the  course  of  two  years.  .   .   . 

His  mother  and  father  joined  Bayard  Taylor  at 
New  Albany  as  he  proposed,  and  together  they  made 
an  excursion  to  the  Mammoth  Cave,  of  which  he  wrote 
an  account  afterward,  published  in  the  first  series  of 
"At  Home  and  Abroad."  "  Vathek's  Hall  of  Eblis 
is  nothing  to  it,"  he  wrote  to  Mrs.  Stoddard.  After 
the  lecture  season  closed  he  was  again  in  New  York 
hard  at  work  upon  his  "  India,  China,  and  Japan," 
when  a  sudden  proposition  was  made  that  he  should 
have  the  position  of  Commissioner  to  Japan.  As  us- 
ual, he  wrote  freely  of  this  new  plan  to  his  mother,  on 
whose  sympathy  and  counsel  he  eagerly  depended. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  July  9,  1855. 
...  I  received  your  letter  yesterday.  As  you  complain  of 
having  no  news,  let  me  give  you  some.  I  went  to  Washington 
on  Thursday  evening  and  returned  on  Saturday.  My  object  was 
to  see  Commodore  Perry  and  get  permission  to  use  my  journals, 
in  which  I  have  a  good  prospect  of  success.  The  commodore 
proposed  that  I  should  apply  for  the  appointment  of  United 
States  Commissioner  to  Japan.  He  said  I  would  be  almost  sure 
to  get  it,  as  the  government  has  great  difficulty  in  finding  a 
proper  person  to  fill  it.  The  appointment  will  not  be  made  on 
political  grounds,  and  the  recommendation  of  such  men  as  Ir- 
ving, Bancroft,  Bryant,  and  Seward  would  be  sufficient  to  secure 
it  for  me.  The  salary  is  $5,000  a  year,  and  I  would  be  taken 
out  in  a  national  vessel,  besides  having  one  at  my  disposal  to 
visit  the  various  Japanese  ports.  The  commodore  says  I  would 
be  able  to  travel  through  the  interior  of  Japan,  and  to  make 
such  a  book  about  the  country  as  has  never  been  written.     The 


CLEARING- A  WAY  WORK.  301 

appointment  would  be  a  highly  complimentary  and  honorable 
one,  and  as  I  feel  confident  of  being  able  to  discharge  its  duties, 
it  would  vastly  increase  my  reputation.  The  prospect  is  very 
tempting,  but  I  have  not  yet  decided  to  apply.  I  should  have  to 
be  absent  about  two  years.  The  expenses  of  living  in  Japan 
would  be  from  81,000  to  82,000  a  year.  Besides,  I  could  take 
-along  the  material  for  my  Cincinnati  work  and  do  it  there.  I  am 
going  to  wait  a  few  days  before  giving  the  commodore  my  de- 
cision ;  in  the  mean  time  write  to  me,  and  tell  me  what  you 
think  of  it.  My  friends  here  to  whom  I  have  mentioned  it  urge 
me  strongly  to  go.  I  shall  consult  Bryant  to-day.  Keep  the 
matter  secret. 

In  "Washington  I  saw  Yusef,  Ross  Browne's  Syrian  dragoman 
and  a  friend  of  Achmet.  He  brought  over  some  Arab  horses 
for  a  Kentucky  friend  of  mine.  This  Kentuckian  told  me  that 
he  read  some  of  my  "  Poems  of  the  Orient "  to  Yusef,  —  among 
others,  "Hassan  to  his  Mare."  Yusef  was  greatly  excited, 
sprang  up  with  tears  in  his  eyes,  and  swore  that  the  Arabs  talked 
just  in  that  way  to  their  horses.  He  is  going  to  write  the  poem 
in  Arabic,  take  it  back  with  him  this  summer,  and  give  it  to  the 
Aneyzeh  Arabs  in  the  Syrian  Desert.  So,  perhaps  my  songs 
will  be  sung  by  the  Bedouins. 

New  York,  July  17,  1855. 

I  have  been  waiting  until  I  should  hear  from  Commodore 
Perry  before  writing  to  you  again,  but  no  letter  has  arrived.  I 
am  sorry  you  consider  the  project  an  unwelcome  one.  My  jour- 
neys abroad  have  hitherto  done  more  for  me  than  anything  else 
could  have  done,  and  this  plan  promises  to  be  even  more  advan- 
tageous. My  time  for  retirement  has  not  yet  come  ;  I  am  in  the 
world  at  the  most  active  and  ambitious  period  of  a  man's  life, 
with  the  opportunity  of  achieving  things  worthy  to  be  remem- 
bered. What  can  I  do  ?  Look  at  the  matter  with  my  own  eyes, 
not  with  yours.  If  you  were  a  man  of  my  age,  I  am  certain  you 
would  do  the  very  same  thing.  You  are  fearless  for  yourself  — 
would  you  have  me  cowardly  ?  I  would  rather  not  leave  home 
for  a  year  yet,  but  I  must  go  again  some  time,  and  perhaps  more 
than  once.  I  was  born  for  it,  and  it  is  the  best  thing  for  me. 
Now  here  is  a  chance  which  does  not  come  once  in  a  century,  and 
it  seems  like  slighting  fortune  to  disregard  it. 

However,  perhaps  1  won't  get  it,  after  all.     The  administra- 


302  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

tion  may  be  disinclined  to  appoint  a  colleague  of  Greeley,  and  I 
shan't  ask  until  I  hear  that  my  asking  would  be  favorably  re- 
ceived. I  wrote  to  Commodore  Perry  that  I  was  no  suppliant, 
but  would  take  the  office  if  it  was  tendered  to  me,  because  I  felt 
able  to  discharge  its  duties.  I  shall  probably  hear  from  him  in 
a  day  or  two,  and  will  then  write  again. 

New  York,  July  25,  1855. 

I  am  drudging  along  as  usual,  expecting  to  get  through  with 
my  book  in  about  ten  days  more.  The  weather  is  very  favorable 
for  work  now,  after  the  intense  heat  we  had  a  week  ago.  I 
have  given  up  all  idea  of  applying  for  any  situation  whatever  in 
the  hands  of  the  government.1  .  .  . 

I  am  going  on  with  the  Cincinnati  work  shortly,  having  just 
received  a  letter  from  the  publishers.  I  want  to  get  it  completed 
by  next  May,  so  that  I  can  make  my  contemplated  visit  to  Swe- 
den during  the  summer.  The  invitations  to  lecture  come  in  fast, 
and  I  have  already  a  number  of  appointments  made.  After  an- 
other season,  I  shall  be  well  satisfied  to  knock  off  for  a  while. 

I  shall  go  to  Newport  in  about  ten  days,  and  spend  a  week 
there.  Bancroft,  Longfellow,  Curtis,  Boker,  and  other  of  my 
friends  are  already  there,  and  more  are  going.  I  anticipate  a 
pleasant  visit,  though  it  won't  be  quite  a  holiday,  for  I  shall  take 
my  work  along. 

I  had  a  letter  from  F.  yesterday  which  I  shall  answer  to-day 
or  to-morrow. 

TO   HIS   YOUNGEST   BROTHER   FREDERICK. 

New  York,  July  27,  1855. 
I  have  been  so  busy  for  the  past  two  days  that  I  have  had  no 
time  to  answer  your  letter,  and  I  must  even  now  reply  rather 
briefly.  I  did  not  originally  object  to  your  going  through  a  reg- 
ular college  course  because  I  thought  it  would  be  no  advantage 
to  you,  but  because  I  believed  that  a  better  practical  education 
could  be  had  without  it.  The  value  of  any  particular  system  of 
education,  however,  depends  on  its  adaptation  to  one's  career  in 
after  life,  and  if  you  feel  sure  that  you  are  best  fitted  for  a 
teacher,  you  are  probably  right  in  your  choice.  If  my  objection 
is  an  obstacle  in  your  way,  I  withdraw  it,  but  I  do  not  think  you 
should  decide  hastily.  It  would  be  a  great  advantage  to  myself 
1  Mr.  Townsend  Harris  was  appointed  commissioner. 


CLEARING-AWAY  WORK.  303 

at  present  if  I  could  have  gone  through  a  regular  course  of  col- 
lege studies  ;  hut  as  that  was  impossible,  I  did  what  I  considered 
was  the  next  best  thing  for  me.  Perhaps,  as  things  have  since 
turned  out,  it  was  the  very  best.  You  must  remember  that  a 
professorship  is  not  so  easily  obtained  —  rarely,  at  present,  until 
middle  life.  There  are  numbers  of  applicants  for  every  vacant 
place,  and  years  of  mere  tutorship  must  intervene  before  you 
could  aspire  to  such  a  station  with  any  chance  of  success.  In 
this  country  a  man  must  be  a  great  scholar  to  live  by  scholarshij) 
alone. 

If  you  are  determined  to  make  the  trial,  you  had  best  choose 
the  place  which  offers  the  greatest  advantages,  and  make  the 
most  thorough  course  which  can  be  had.  In  my  opinion,  Har- 
vard is  decidedly  the  first  institution  in  the  country.  I  shall  be 
able  to  assist  you  by  the  time  you  need  assistance.  I  think  it  is 
too  late  to  enter  this  season,  but  am  not  certain.  If  you  should 
graduate  in  the  usual  period,  there  will  still  be  time  to  apply 
yourself  to  some  other  profession,  in  case  you  should  change  your 
mind.  For  my  part,  I  do  not  think  that  the  life  of  a  teacher 
would  be  agreeable  to  you.  It  is  laborious,  full  of  annoyances, 
and  not  very  remunerative.  But  you  should  know  your  own  in- 
clinations best,  and  I  do  not  wish  to  control  them  in  any  way. 
At  your  age  we  see  the  bright  side  of  everything,  and  it  is  per- 
haps best  that  each  one  should  learn  wisdom  for  himself.  1  have 
seen  so  much  of  the  world  that  I  am  a  little  more  cautious  than 
I  used  to  be.  What  you  say  of  my  own  early  inclination  is  quite 
true,  and  if  I  thought  that  your  convictions  or  impressions  were 
as  strong  as  mine  at  that  time,  I  should  be  very  sorry  to  be  any 
hindrance  to  your  plans.  I  should  like  to  see  you  an  accom- 
plished scholar,  and  I  believe  you  would  use  every  exertion  to 
make  yourself  one.  The  two  strongest  objections  to  it  are,  dis- 
ordered health  and  an  incapacity  for  the  practical  business  of 
life.  If  you  think  you  are  strong  enough,  and  are  careful  to  take 
sufficient  exercise,  you  may  overcome  the  former  tendency  ;  the 
latter  will  depend  entirely  on  your  individual  character.  But  it 
is  a  danger  which  you  should  never  lose  sight  of.  If  you  should 
go  through  college  without  falling  into  either,  I  shall  rejoice  that 
you  have  carried  out  your  plan.  It  depends  on  yourself  entirely 
whether  that  plan  shall  be  an  advantage  or  a  loss. 

You  must  not  imagine  that  because  I  write  rather  coldly  and 
cautiously  I  am  indifferent  to  your  prospects.    I  am  only  anxious 


304  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

that  you  should  do  what  will  really  be  best  for  you,  what  will 
enable  you  to  overcome  most  successfully  the  difficulties  which 
surround  every  young  man  at  his  entrance  into  life.  I  have  no 
fears  for  you  on  account  of  the  temptations  to  which  you  would 
be  exposed,  but  I  should  not  want  to  see  you  a  mere  bookworm, 
unfit  for  the  active,  energetic  life  of  the  present  time.  Decide 
according  to  your  best  convictions,  and  I  will  acquiesce  in  your 
decision,  and  help  you  to  put  it  into  practice.1 

TO   JAMES    T.  FIELDS. 

New  York,  July  11,  1855. 
Thanks  for  your  prompt  kindness  in  sending  me  more  than  I 
asked  for.  I  have  read  traditions  of  poets  receiving  money  for 
their  works,  but  I  never  credited  them  before.  I  am  still  fear- 
ful lest  the  check  may  be  an  illusion,  and  have  opened  your  note 
twice  to  see  that  it  has  not  evaporated.  I  shall  have  the  money 
paid  me  in  hard  gold,  the  most  tangible  of  all  substances,  that  I 
may  hear  it  clink  in  my  pockets  as  I  go  up  and  down  Broadway, 
the  eagles  chiming  heavy  iambuses,  and  the  quarter  eagles  tink- 
ling in  anapests,  so  that  all  the  people  shall  point  at  me,  and 
say  :  "  There  goes  a  poet  with  money  in  his  pocket !  "  Great  is 
Brahma,  venerable  is  Vishnu,  but  most  delectable  is  the  benign 
Plutus  of  the  Greeks  ! 

It  will  be  seen  by  one  of  the  foregoing  letters  that 
Bayard  Taylor  bad  already  begun  to  allow  bis  plans 
for  another  journey  to  Europe  to  take  the  shape  of  a 
visit  to  the  northern  parts.  Meanwhile  he  was  sud- 
denly invited  to  join  a  party  bound  for  Newfoundland. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  July  30,  1855. 
If  I  am  disappointed  in  one  chance  of  travel,  another  soon 
offers.  I  suppose  it  is  fatality  or  destiny,  or  something  of  the 
sort.  I  am  going  to  make  a  voyage  to  Newfoundland.  A  special 
steamer  leaves  here  on  Thursday  with  a  party  of  forty,  includ- 
ing Lieutenant  Maury,  of  Washington,  Professor  Silliman,  and 
various  other  lions,  to  put  down  the  submarine  telegraph  between 
Nova  Scotia  and  Newfoundland.  I  am  invited,  and  will  go  on 
1  His  brother  decided  to  enter  the  University  of  Michigan. 


CLEARTNG-AWAY   WORK.  305 

behalf  of  the  "  Tribune."  We  shall  visit  Halifax,  Prince  Ed- 
ward Island,  Cape  Breton,  the  French  islands  of  Miquelon,  St. 
Johns,  and  various  other  interesting  places  which  are  almost  un- 
known to  the  world.  We  shall  be  absent  from  fourteen  to 
eighteen  days,  and  anticipate  a  glorious  time.  Of  course  it  costs 
rue  nothing.  I  am  working  hard  to  finish  my  book  before  start- 
ing, and  shall  succeed.  .  .  . 

TO   JAMES   T.  FIELDS. 

New  York,  August  6,  1855. 

The  steamer  did  not  get  off  on  account  of  bad  boilers.  An- 
other has  been  engaged,  and  we  leave  to-morrow  positively.  I 
have  employed  the  interval  in  preparing  my  poems  for  you,  and 
the  thing  is  done.  You  will  get  the  whole  batch  by  Kingsley's 
Express  to-morrow.     I  think  it  will  make  a  decent  book. 

I  have  cut  away  without  mercy  among  the  old  poems,  touched 
up  the  others  here  and  there,  and  added  eleven  bran  new  ones. 
The  volume  will  be  aboixt  two  hundred  and  twenty-five  pages, 
matching  very  well  with  the  Orientals.  The  two  will  be  my 
complete  poetical  works,  for  what  is  not  included  in  them  is 
damned.     May  it  never  be  resurrected  ! 

Many  thanks  for  "  Maud,"  which  came  safely,  and  will  be  re- 
viewed at  once,  probably  in  to-morrow's  paper. 

The  extracts  are  already  scattered  far  and  wide. 

There  are  delicious  things  in  the  book,  but  it  is  not  an  ad- 
vance on  Tennyson's  former  books,  neither  a  falling  off,  and  per- 
haps we  should  not  ask  more.  It  will  sell  immensely,  of  course. 
Send  on  Longfellow  in  the  same  way,  and  he  will  be  served 
likewise. 

Of  course  you  will  consult  your  own  interest  in  the  time  of 
bringing  out  my  book.  I  shall  be  able  to  read  the  proof  as  soon 
as  it  is  ready.  I  shall  be  in  Boston  on  my  return  from  New- 
foundland, about  three  weeks  from  now. 

TO   GEORGE   H.  BOKER. 

Nkw  York,  August  6,  1855. 
George  Curtis  has  no  doubt  told  you  that  I  intend  going  off  to 
Newfoundland  for  twenty  days  or  so.  .  .  .  This  will  delay  my 
visit  to  Newport,  but  I  shall  be  along  about  the  25th,  or  a  day  <>r 
two  later,  and  most  earnestly  desire  that  you  may  be  still  there. 
Don't  leave  as  soon  as  you  anticipated,  for  I  want  to  stay  ten 
vol.  i.  20 


306  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

days  and  have  a  jolly  good  time.  I  look  forward  to  the  visit  as 
to  an  experience  of  the  third  heaven.  I  have  been  working  and 
sweating  for  the  past  six  weeks  like  a  Congo  nigger,  and  have 
entirely  completed  my  travels  in  Eastern  Asia  (five  hundred  and 
fifty  pages)  and  my  complete  edition  of  poems  for  Ticknor 
(two  hundred  and  twenty-five  pages).  Is  not  this  work  with  a 
vengeance  ?  I  am  pretty  well  worn  out,  and  this  voyage  to  the 
North  is  a  godsend.  I  have  been  wanting  to  write  to  you,  but 
waited,  half  expecting  you  would  send  me  a  line,  if  only  a  piece 
of  your  fishing-line.  I  wish  I  could  have  consulted  you  before 
sending  off  my  poems.  I  have  eleven  new  ones,  and  have  used 
the  cleaver  most  unmercifully  among  the  old  ones.  .  .  . 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  September  6, 1855. 

I  arrived  yesterday  at  noon,  after  a  voyage  of  twenty-nine 
days.  We  had  a  pleasant  time  on  the  whole,  though  we  did  not 
succeed  in  laying  the  cable.  The  trip  has  done  me  much  good. 
I  am  brown  and  rugged  and  strong,  and  feel  ready  for  any 
amount  of  work.  We  had  a  delightful  company  on  board,  and 
were  received  with  great  rejoicings  at  St.  Johns,  the  capital  of 
Newfoundland.  I  had  a  chance  to  see  a  good  deal  of  the  island, 
and  to  become  acquainted  with  its  people. 

I  have  brought  you  a  fine  dog,  which  I  got  at  Cape  Ray,  on 
the  southwestern  coast.  He  is  about  ten.  months  old,  and  not 
fully  grown.  He  is  of  the  Newfoundland  breed,  not  the  ordi- 
nary black  breed,  but  wolf -color  and  web-footed.  He  is  a  fine 
dog,  and  will  make  a  capital  watch-dog.  His  father  was 
the  best  dog  at  Cape  Ray.  I  call  him  Ray,  and  he  already 
knows  me  and  his  name.  The  sailors  took  care  of  him  on  the 
voyage,  and  taught  him  some  tricks.  He  is  handsome  and  intel- 
ligent, and  I  think  you  will  like  him.  ...  I  find  awaiting  me 
fifty  invitations  to  lecture,  and  could  easily  make  five  thousand 
dollars  again  this  winter  if  I  were  willing  to  undertake  it. 

The  Newfoundland  trip  was  enjoyed  with  an  ar- 
riere  pensee  for  Norway.  It  is  interesting  to  see  how 
in  his  narrative,  which  was  published  in  letters  to  the 
"  Tribune  "  and  afterward  reprinted  in  the  first  series 
of  "  At  Home  and  Abroad,"  he  frequently  draws  com- 


CLEARING-AWAY   WORK.  307 

parisons  between  the  country  which  he  is  visiting  and 
that  which  he  had  planned  to  visit.  The  shadow  of  the 
Norseman  seemed  to  accompany  him,  and  point  at  one 
object  and  another  as  native  to  Scandinavia.  Shortly 
after  his  return  to  New  York,  which  he  reached  with- 
out passing  through  Boston,  he  received  a  letter  from 
his  faithful  friend,  Mr.  Bufleb,  who  had  been  his  trav- 
eling companion  on  the  Nile.  He  had  written  to  Mr. 
Bufleb  of  his  intention  to  visit  Europe  the  next  year, 
and  this  was  the  response  which  came. 

A.   BUFLEB   TO   BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Gotha,  July  27,  1855. 
A  short  time  ago  I  bought  a  piece  of  property  adjoining  niy 
estate,  a  garden  with  a  small,  modest  house.  This  house  is  to  be 
Taylor's  home,  when  he  keeps  his  promise  next  year,  and  visits  us, 
I  said  to  myself.  All  arrangements  are  made  with  this  in  view. 
The  upper  part  of  the  garden,  a  genuine  French  establishment  of 
the  last  century,  with  its  statues  and  fountains,  its  densely- 
shaded  beech-alleys  and  smoothly  shorn  box  trees,  is  in  readi- 
ness and  awaits  my  distant  friend.  A  smaller  house  near  the 
fountain,  covered  with  bark,  is  to  be  the  bath-house.  The  lower 
part  of  the  garden,  a  little  grove  with  beautiful  large  forest  trees 
covering  an  acre  or  so,  is  to  refresh  you  with  its  cool  shade,  and 
will  I  hope  become  for  you  a  snug  sanctuary  of  nature.  The  little 
salon  in  the  house  will  serve  for  us  when  we  gather  around  you 
at  your  pleasure.  You  see  how  I  have  written  to  you,  my  dear 
Taylor.  In  spite  of  our  long  separation  and  remoteness  from 
each  other,  your  heart  I  know  could  never  tell  you  of  any  change 
in  my  feelings  and  thoughts.  On  the  contrary,  this  rapport  which 
we  enjoy  has  for  me  a  profound  meaning  ;  whilst  you  were  dedi- 
cating your  glorious  work  on  Central  Africa  to  me,  I  was  setting 
in  order  for  you  the  most  cherished  part  of  my  possessions. 

BAYARD  TAYLOR  TO  HIS  MOTHER. 

New  York,  September  10,  1855. 
...  I  leave  for   Newport  and  Boston   to-morrow,  and  shall 
be  gone  the  rest  of  the  week.     My  Japanese  book  will  be  out  in 
five  or  six  days,  and  I  shall  send  you  an  early  copy.      I  must 


308  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

finish  "  Views  Afoot "  and  attend  the  Authors  and  Publishers' 
dinner  on  the  27th  of  this  month  before  going  home,  but  shall  see 
you  by  the  1st  of  October.  If  F.  goes  to  Ann  Arbor,  he  must 
come  this  way.  It  is  a  pretty  place,  and  the  University  is  very 
good.     I  have  been  there. 

New  York,  October  12,  1855. 

I  have  not  much  to  say  except  that  I  am  working  away  as 
hard  as  ever,  and  expect  to  finish  "  Views  Afoot "  to-morrow. 
The  Boston  volume  of  poems  is  done,  but  will  not  be  published  for 
about  a  month.  The  book  on  Japan  has  sold  eight  thousand  al- 
ready and  is  still  going  off  fast.  There  is  a  prospect  that  the 
States  of  Ohio  and  Indiana  will  order  copies  of  my  books  for  all 
the  common  schools,  making  two  thousand  copies  of  each.  .  .  .  We 
are  all  overjoyed  at  Dr.  Kane's  return.  Everybody  was  surprised 
except  myself.  I  always  knew  he  would  get  back  safely.  He 
and  I  have  the  same  lucky  nature  :  we  can  go  anywhere  without 
the  least  danger.  Another  man  in  his  place  would  have  been 
finished  a  dozen  times. 

New  York,  November  16,  1855. 

I  found  your  letter  here  on  Wednesday  when  I  returned  from 
New  England.  I  went  down  to  Taunton  to  lecture,  having  now 
fairly  commenced  my  campaign,  with  seventy-four  engagements 
ahead.  .  .  .  My  new  volume  of  poems  is  out,  and  I  have  sent 
you  a  copy  by  mail.1  It  is  a  very  handsome  book.  There  are  a 
number  of  new  poems  at  the  end,  among  which  are  four,  entitled 
"  Studies  for  Pictures,"  which  some  of  my  saintly  friends  may 
find  fault  with,  because  they  can't  understand  the  design  with 
which  they  were  written.  They  are  simply  imaginary  pictures 
representing  the  feelings  of  men  under  various  circumstances, 
and  were  written  from  ray  observations  of  other  men,  not  from 
any  experience  of  my  own.  I  should  not  think  it  necessary  to 
make  any  explanation  to  you,  but  the  world  is  full  of  fools,  and 
you  may  meet  with  some  of  them. 

I  have  met  Thackeray  and  like  him  very  much.  He  likes  me, 
too,  for  he  has  said  so  to  all  my  friends.  We  shall  breakfast  to- 
gether with and  Curtis  on  Sunday.  I  have  just  get  a  col- 
lection of  rare  and  valuable  books  of  travel.  My  library  has  now 
about  seven  hundred  volumes.  Hicks  has  nearly  finished  the  Ori- 
ental portrait.     It  is  one  of  the  most  charming  things  you  ever 

1  Poems  of  Home  and  Travel.  By  Bayard  Taylor.  Boston :  Ticknor 
&  Fields,  1855. 


CLEARING-AWAY  WORK.  309 

saw.  I  found  at  Taunton,  Mass.,  a  daguerreotype  of  Achniet  in 
the  hands  of  a  gentleman  who  traveled  with  him  a  year  ago, 
and  horrowed  it  to  get  a  copy  made.  I  shall  get  Hicks  to  put 
Achniet  into  my  picture.  The  sailor,  Patterson,1  wants  very 
much  to  go  with  me  to  Norway.  He  says  he  would  go  to  the 
end  of  the  world  with  me.  I  should  like  to  take  him  if  I  could. 
ile  is  greatly  attached  to  me,  and  I  believe  would  be  a  most 
faithful  attendant.  I  intend  having  a  servant,  but  I  am  afraid 
he  is  not  just  the  person  I  want  for  such  a  journey. 

Augusta,  Maine,  December  8,  1855. 

Here  I  am  on  the  banks  of  the  Kennebec  River,  away  down 
east,  where  the  mercury  goes  to  five  hundred  degrees  below  zero 
in  the  winter.  I  expected  to  be  frozen  up  and  sent  back  to  New 
York  in  a  box,  with  some  venison  and  Kennebec  salmon ;  but 
the  weather  is  really  miraculous.  Days  without  a  cloud,  sweet, 
cold  air, — just  cold  enough  to  be  refreshing,  —  and  the  starriest 
nights.  Such  weather  has  not  been  known  here  for  many  years. 
I  lecture  to-night  for  the  twentieth  time  ah'eady,  and  don't  feel 
the  least  tired  —  quite  the  contrary.  .  .  . 

Last  Sunday,  before  leaving  New  York,  I  gave  a  breakfast 
party.  I  had  Thackeray,  Curtis,  Boker,  Stoddard,  Hicks,  Judge 
Daly,  Lieutenant  Bent  of  the  Navy,  and  Glass,  an  English  artist. 
We  had  a  glorious  time  :  the  breakfast  lasted  five  hours.  I 
gave  it  at  Delmonico's.  Thackeray  says  he  will  try  and  come 
with  me  to  Kennett  for  a  day  or  two  next  April.  When  I  go  to 
London  next  summer,  he  promises  to  introduce  me  into  the  liter- 
ary society  of  England. 

Hicks  has  finished  my  portrait,  which  is  one  of  the  finest  paint- 
ings you  ever  saw.  Everybody  is  delighted  with  it,  and  I  would 
not  take  any  amount  of  money  for  it.  He  says  it  is  the  best 
thing  he  has  ever  done.  Did  I  write  to  you  that  the  first  edition 
of  my  last  book  of  poems  sold  in  less  than  a  week  ?  I  was  very 
agreably  surprised,  as  I  did  not  suppose  it  would  be  exhausted  in 
less  than  six  months.  The  public  seems  to  have  found  at  last 
that  I  am  a  poet  as  well  as  traveler.  ...  As  I  shall  see  you  in 

twelve  days  I  will  not  write  again.    I  have  written  to  A and 

E ,  and  hope  my  letters  were  acceptable. 

The  last  sentence  in  this  letter  is  perhaps  an  inti- 
1  Patterson  was  one  of  the  crew  of  the  Susquehanna. 


310  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

niation  of  a  proposal  which  he  had  made  and  which  re- 
sulted in  his  taking  to  Europe  his  two  sisters  and  a 
brother  as  his  guests.  He  was  confident  that  he  had 
now  reached  the  financial  independence  for  which  he 
had  been  working,  and  that  from  his  copyrights,  his 
Tribune  stock,  and  such  lectures  as  he  might  choose  to 
give  he  could  count  upon  a  liberal  income.  The  first 
use  which  he  made  of  this  fortune  was  a  characteris- 
tic one  —  he  shared  it  with  others. 

The  winter  of  1855-56  was  one  of  great  severity, 
and  Bayard  Taylor  was  exposed  to  extreme  hardship 
in  fulfilling  his  lecture  engagements.  He  wrote  to  his 
mother  from  Ann  Arbor,  detailing  some  of  his  expos- 
ure, and  adding  :  "  This  is  the  third  winter,  and  I  am 
not  afraid  of  Norway  after  my  recent  experiences." 
But  he  was  evidently  very  desirous  of  coming  to  the 
end  of  his  season,  for  after  reporting  unusual  divi- 
dends from  his  Tribune  stock,  of  which  he  had  just 
had  accounts,  he  closes  :  "  That  being  the  case,  I  think 
I  shall  give  up  my  five  or  six  engagements  in  New 
Brunswick  and  not  lecture  after  March  1st.  I  be- 
lieve it  is  the  anticipation  of  my  coming  holiday  in 
Europe  which  enables  me  to  bear  this  winter's  fatigues 
so  well."  The  termination  of  his  lecture  season  came 
more  suddenly  than  he  had  intended,  for  he  broke 
down  early  in  February  and  canceled  all  the  engage- 
ments which  remained. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Boston,  February  17,  1856. 
I  should  have  written  to  you  sooner,  but  waited  a  day  or  two, 
hoping  I  might  he  able  to  announce  the  end  of  an  attack  of  ill- 
ness which  has  come  upon  me  ;  hut  the  affair  is  so  tedious  that  I 
may  wait  a  week  longer  for  that  matter.  I  left  New  York  last 
Monday  week  (the  4th),  came  here  next  day  intending  to  go  to 
Lowell,  hut  the  roads  were  snowed  up.    I  was  engaged  at  Green- 


CLEARING-AWAY  WORK.  311 

field  on  the  6th,  hut  the  trains  did  n't  run  on  account  of  drifts  ; 
at  Worcester  7th,  and  reached  there  ;  at  Nantucket  8th,  hut  the 
Sound  is  full  of  ice,  and  communication  cut  off,  so  stayed  here 
comfortably,  visiting  my  friends.  The  thawy  weather  of  Friday, 
I  think,  arfected  me.  On  Saturday  night  I  had  a  chill.  I  hathed 
my  feet  in  hot  water,  but  did  n't  sweat,  and  passed  a  restless 
night.  The  next  day,  feeling  no  better,  I  sent  for  Dr.  Stedman, 
who  said  the  attack  was  brought  on  by  my  irregular  habit  of  life, 
and  gave  me  a  strong  emetic.  I  was  much  better  on  Monday, 
and,  having  an  engagement  to  lecture  in  New  Bedford,  consulted 
him  about  going.  He  told  me  I  was  able  to  do  it,  but  must  be 
very  careful  of  myself.  So  I  went,  became  the  guest  of  Hon.  Jo- 
seph Grinuell  (Mrs.  Willis's  father),  felt  weak  and  hoarse,  but  got 
through  my  lecture  well,  and  expected  to  go  to  Fall  River  next 
day.  But  when  I  woke  I  had  almost  entirely  lost  my  voice,  and 
there  was  a  light  return  of  fever.  So  I  stayed  three  days  with 
Mr.  and  Mrs.  Grinnell,  who  treated  me  with  the  greatest  possi- 
ble kindness.  I  was  not  confined  to  bed,  but  to  the  house  ;  and 
when  the  physician  had  pronounced  me  entirely  without  fever, 
and  in  a  fit  condition  to  come  here,  I  left.  I  reached  here  Thurs- 
day night,  and  have  not  been  out  of  doors  since.  Dr.  Stedman 
tends  me  every  day.  He  says  I  am  recovering,  and,  in  fact,  I 
feel  almost  well,  though  rather  weak  after  living  a  week  upon 
gruel.  The  attack  is  of  a  typhoid  character,  and  the  change  from 
day  to  day  is  so  slow  as  to  try  my  patience.  I  am  not  confined 
to  my  room,  but  mostly  keep  in  it,  as  he  says  I  need  complete 
quiet.  I  dress  myself  and  sit  in  the  rocking-chair  all  day,  read- 
ing or  seeing  my  friends,  many  of  whom  call.  Dr.  Elder  was 
here  yesterday,  Dr.  Walter  Channing  to-day,  Fields  often,  and 
others.  I  don't  get  much  sleep  at  night,  and  have  tried  Dover's 
powders  and  morphine  in  vain.  If  I  coidd  get  a  good  night's 
rest  I  think  it  would  cure  me.  If  the  fever  was  typhoid,  it  was 
wonderfully  light,  and  I  may  thank  my  stars  for  getting  over  it 
so  easily.  I  am  very  carefully  waited  upon  here  (at  the  Tremont 
House),  and  have  refused  two  invitations  of  friends  to  go  to  their 
houses.  I  hope  I  shall  get  out  of  the  doctor's  hands  in  about 
two  days  more.  My  lectures  are  all  given  up  as  far  as  Wednes- 
day next,  and  I  am  seriously  thinking  of  giving  up  all  the  re- 
mainder to  March  1st.  I  shall  let  the  doctor  decide,  as  I  intend 
running  no  reckless  risks.  .  .  . 


312  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Boston,  February  20,  1856. 

...  I  have  not  been  out  of  doors  yet,  to-day  was  so  dark  and 
damp.  The  cough  has  quite  left  me.  ...  It  is  the  worst  winter 
ever  known  here.  I  am  quite  anxious  to  get  back  to  New  York, 
which  is  a  much  better  climate.  The  doctor  advises  me  to  give 
up  my  engagements  for  next  week,  which  I  shall  do,  as  they  lie 
far  apart,  and  would  require  hard  traveling.  I  shall  miss  seven- 
teen engagements  in  all,  with  a  loss  of  between  $700  and  $800  ; 
but  I  would  much  rather  lose  the  money  than  my  health,  and 
shall  not  complain  about  it. 

My  friends  here  have  been  very  kind  in  sending  me  fruit,  books, 
flowers,  etc.,  and  I  have  had  many  visitors.  Longfellow  has  been 
in,  R.  H.  Dana,  Mr.  Grinnell,  and  many  others,  so  that  the  time 
has  not  been  dull.  Now,  since  my  tongue  is  clear  and  my  pulse 
correct,  I  feel  all  right  again,  except  a  little  weakness  and  fa- 
tigue. I  shall  not  start  for  New  York  unless  the  weather  is  good 
and  the  track  entirely  clear.  Every  road  is  blocked  up  at  pres- 
ent. 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

New  York,  February  25,  1856. 

On  Friday  last  I  went  to  Springfield  ;  did  n't  feel  very  tired, 
so  re-shipped  to  New  Haven.  There  the  train  was  not  much 
behind  time,  the  day  delightful,  and  I  was  only  a  little  tired, 
so  the  devil  instigated  me  to  go  on  to  New  York.  There  were 
delays,  and  the  train  was  late,  and  I  was  excessively  hungry 
and  abominably  tired  when  I  arrived,  but  no  harm  came  of  it, 
except  soreness  and  rheumatism  the  next  day. 

I  am  recovering  slowly  and  surely  ;  my  tongue  is  now  clear 
as  a  new  pewter  platter,  my  body  recovering  strength,  and  my 
brain,  reason.  I  drink  porter,  eat  beefsteaks,  smoke  occasion- 
ally, and  lie  in  my  easy  chair  in  a  glorious  state  of  inaction.  I 
tried  my  hand  at  poetry  last  night  :  consequence,  vertigo,  or,  as 
they  say  in  the  West,  a  virago.  I  have  read  the  "  Simple  Story," 
which  is  very  touching  and  funny.  I  hesitated  so  long  whether 
to  laugh  or  cry  that  I  did  neither.  .  .  . 

TO   GEORGE   H.    BOKER. 

New  York,  February  25,  1856. 
I  have  come  back  disabled,    to   recruit   from  my  labors.     I 
have  been  absent  three  weeks,  two  of  which  were  spent  in  Boston, 
under  the  doctor's  hand.     I  have  had  a  mild  attack  of  typhoid 


CLEAR1NG-AWAY   WORK.  313 

fever,  brought  on  by  the  exposures  and  irregularities  of  my  lec- 
ture life.  In  consequence  thereof  I  have  given  up  all  remaining 
engagements,  —  a  considerable  loss,  —  and  come  home  to  stay. 
I  was  not  seriously  ill,  but  the  fever  was  stubborn,  and  has  left 
me  weak.  I  am  now  nursing  myself,  and  improve  from  day  to 
day.  I  hope  to  be  as  well  as  ever  by  the  end  of  the  week.  .  .  . 
-  I  have  a  little  plan  to  communicate  to  you.  Would  it  not  be 
a  handsome  thing  if  some  dozen  of  us  American  authors  should 
unite  and  send  a  testimonial  to  old  Savage  Landor  ?  He  is  now 
past  eighty,  can't  live  much  longer,  is  a  great  man,  has  never 
been  rightly  appreciated,  is  a  noble  old  republican,  —  in  fact,  the 
only  one  of  the  old  generation  who  sympathizes  with  the  march 
of  the  age  and  the  later  literature,  —  and  I  think  his  old  heart 
would  be  cheered  by  such  a  tribute.  I  proposed  it  to  Fields, 
Longfellow,  and  Curtis.  All  are  delighted  with  the  idea.  L. 
suggested  that  we  shoidd  have  a  copy  of  Ariosto's  inkstand  made 
in  massive  silver,  which  strikes  me  as  best.  It  would  cost  about 
3150,  and  fifteen  of  us  at  310  each  would  be  enough.  It  is  the 
act  that  makes  the  thing  valuable.  Tell  me  what  you  think  of 
it,  and  ask  Leland  to  join  also. 

TO   MRS.   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 

New  York,  March  15,  1856. 

Thanks  for  your  kind  letter,  which  found  me  hard  at  work. 
I  have  mounted  tbe  treadmill  again,  and  am  now  going  round, 
day  after  day,  in  the  old,  monotonous  routine.  I  have  just  fin- 
ished the  last  of  three  or  four  lectures,  which  conclude  my 
doings  in  that  line  for  years  to  come,  perhaps  forever.  I  hope 
so  at  least,  for  I  am  utterly  disgusted  with  the  business,  and 
heartily  ashamed  of  myself  for  being  tempted  (by  the  love  of 
lucre)  to  keep  it  up  so  long.  But  perhaps  we  should  not  abuse 
the  bridge  that  carries  us  safely  over.  My  health  is  completely 
reestablished.  My  head  was  weak  for  a  fortnight  or  so,  but 
having  stood  the  manufacture  of  a  poem  of  three  or  four  hun- 
dred lines,  I  think  I  may  trust  it  with  the  drudgery  of  compila- 
tion, my  present  employment. 

I  am  very  much  obliged  to  Mrs.  T.  for  her  kind  desires,  and 
to  all  the  friends  in  Boston  who  helped  to  make  my  illness  en- 
durable. It  is  not  a  bad  place  to  be  sick  in,  where  one  is  so 
kindly  cared  for. 

I  hope  Boker's  poems  will  be  out  soon.     He  was  here  yester- 


314  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

day  in  good  spirits,  but  a  little  anxious,  as  was  natural,  about 
their  reception.  I  know  they  will  be  admired  by  all  authors, 
scholars,  and  men  of  taste,  and  I  hope  the  public  will  not  ignore 
theru.  Browning's  experience,  I  think,  should  be  an  encourage- 
ment to  all  poets.  The  success  of  my  own  poems  does  not  exalt 
me,  because  three  fourths  of  it  is  due  to  my  books  of  travel. 
I  hope  to  see  old  Barry  when  I  go  to  England,  and  Kingsley, 
too.     I  think  I  could  fraternize  easily  with  both  of  them. 

Will  not  J.  T.  F.  come  on  to  attend  the  trade  sale  ?  I  hope 
he  will  take  his  time  to  it,  and  spare  us  some,  instead  of  dodging 
around,  as  usual,  as  if  he  were  tied  to  the  tail  of  a  whirlwind. 
But  I  am  a  pretty  fellow  to  talk  of  leisure,  or  of  taking  things 
mildly,  who  have  so  many  irons  in  the  fire  !  By  way  of  recrea- 
tion I  have  just  commenced  taking  lessons  in  water-color  under 
Wanderford's  tuition.  I  expect  to  come  back  from  Europe  as 
the  Turner  of  Norway,  the  Claude  of  Lapland  (if  I  get  scratched 
by  polar  bears),  or  the  Saivator  Rosa  of  Iceland.  Don't  you 
want  to  order  a  $500  picture  in  advance  ?  Now  is  your  chance, 
before  my  prices  go  up. 

I  must  stop,  lest  you  should  doubt  whether  my  head  be  not 
still  a  little  weak. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  March  15,  1856. 

...  I  have  given  three  or  four  lectures  this  week,  and  now 
have  no  more.  I  shall  devote  my  time  entirely  to  the  book,1 
which  is  getting  on  tolerably  well.  My  head  is  quite  strong 
again.  I  have  also  commenced  taking  lessons  in  water-color 
painting  from  an  English  artist,  so  as  to  be  able  to  paint  Nor- 
wegian scenery.  If  I  can  get  time  I  shall  also  take  some  les- 
sons in  drawing  figures.  This  is  a  recreation,  not  a  labor.  I 
intend  practicing  all  next  winter.  Dr.  Kane  has  sent  me  a 
charming  little  sketch,  made  at  the  North  Pole,  which  I  have 
had  framed.  My  portrait  by  Hicks  is  in  the  exhibition.  I  wish 
you  could  see  it. 

I  have  just  had  my  semi-annual  copyright  report  from  Put- 
nam. My  profit  on  the  books  amounts  to  $2,724  ;  not  bad,  —  is 
it  ?  This  assures  me  the  $5,000  which  I  shall  need  to  start 
with  in  July.  My  income  from  my  books  and  the  "  Tribune  " 
for  the  last  six  months  amounts  to  $5,400,  quite  a  little  fortune. 
1  The  Cyclopcedia. 


CLEAR1NG-AWAY   WORK.  315 

The  girls  and  Fred  have  thus  no  particular  reason  to  thank  me 
for  taking  them  abroad,  since  the  funds  come  so  easily.  For 
my  part  I  feel  that  I  am  justified  in  taking  a  good  holiday.  .  .  . 

TO   JAMES   T.    FIELDS.1 

New  York,  April  7,  1850. 

The  Kingsley  came  safely  to  hand.  I  admire  the  "  Saint's 
Tragedy  "  exceedingly.  The  book  ought  to  have  a  great  sale 
among  the  Know-Nothings,  on  account  of  such  a  furious  show- 
iug-up  of  Catholicism.  Your  announcements  delight  me.  We 
want  "  Sordello,"  and  Arnold  richly  deserves  republication.  I 
don't  admire much,  but  the  name  will  probably  sell  an  edi- 
tion. The  success  of  the  "  Angel  in  the  House  "  is  a  most  en- 
couraging sign  ;  so  is  the  sale  of  Browning.  I  begin  to  think 
that  better  times  are  dawning  for  poetry.  These  things  improve 
Boker's  chances.  .  .  .  Thackeray  came  here  on  Saturday.  I 
breakfasted  with  him  yesterday.  He  looks  jolly  and  rosy,  al- 
though he  had  a  few  chills  on  the  Mississippi.  He  is  staying 
with  Robinson,  604  Houston  Street.  It  is  refreshing  to  see  his 
good  face  and  big  body  among  us  once  more.  He  says  he  will 
stay  until  June  1st,  but  I  expect  he  will  disappear  suddenly  some 
Wednesday  morning. 

The  weather  for  five  days  has  been  heavenly.  I  have  just 
killed  Mungo  Park,  and  must  take  his  remains  to  be  electro- 
typed  ;  so,  good-by  ! 

TO    HIS   MOTHER. 

New  York,  April  28,  1856. 

I  gave  Braisted  2  a  line  or  two  for  A ,  but  as  he  went  to 

Washington  he  may  not  yet  have  returned.  He  came  here  on 
Wednesday  morning  before  I  was  dressed.  We  had  a  long  talk 
which  ended  in  my  taking  him.  I  think  he  will  prove  to  be  the 
right  man  for  me,  and  am  glad  that  I  have  engaged  him.  He 
seems  quite  willing  to  do  everything  I  shall  need  done,  and  I  am 

1  This  and  some  other  of  the  letters  written  to  Mr.  Fields  were  printed 
in  a  series  contributed  by  Mr.  Fields  to  the  Congregationalist  of  Boston. 
In  a  prefatory  note  to  this  letter  he  says:  "In  the  following  we  have  a 
glimpse  of  the  great  English  author  who  fell  in  love  with  Taylor  at  tirst 
sight.  Thackeray's  hearty  delight  in  a  warm  companionship  with  the 
spirited  American  author  was  unbounded." 

-  The  sailor  whom  Bayard  Taylor  had  engaged  to  accompany  him  to 
Europe. 


316  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

quite  sure  of  his  honesty  and  fidelity.  I  told  him  to  go  up  after 
he  returned  to  Kennett,  as  there  would  be  no  objection  whatever 
to  his  staying  at  home  and  doing  some  work  for  his  board.     I 

should  like  A to  give  him  some  lessons  in  writing,  as  his 

hand  needs  improvement. ' 

I  am  getting  on  with  the  book  ;  250  pages  are  in  type,  and  I 
hope  to  have  600  finished  by  the  1st  of  June.  Thackeray  went 
off  in  the  Baltic  on  Saturday,  running  away  from  his  friends,  for 
fear  of  having  to  say  good-by.  I  saw  him  off  ;  he  seemed  sorry 
to  leave.  He  asked  Lawrence,  the  English  artist,  to  take  a  head 
of  me  for  him,  and  I  believe  Lawrence  is  going  to  do  it.  I  have 
done  my  first  picture  in  water  colors  with  good  success. 

May  13, 1856. 

...  I  had  a  letter  the  other  day  from  the  Cincinnati  publish- 
ers, in  which  they  say  I  may  make  900  pages  if  I  choose.  This 
is  100  more  than  I  had  counted  upon.  I  have  about  450  done, 
and  the  last  half  is  always  the  shortest,  but  I  am  getting  very 
tired  of  it  and  very  impatient.  I  feel  the  need  of  relaxation 
more  than  ever,  and  the  anticipation  of  relief  in  six  weeks  is 
very  delightful.  The  publishers  say  that  agents  are  applying 
every  day  to  distribute  and  sell  the  book,  and  they  anticipate  a 
large  sale.  If  I  make  900  pages  they  will  increase  the  price  to 
four  dollars.  I  am  pretty  sure  of  making  at  least  $10,000  on  it 
in  two  years.  It  will  be  a  very  interesting  book  and  very  use- 
ful, but  there  is  a  great  deal  of  drudgery  in  the  making  of  it. 
I  received  to-day  a  copy  of  the  German  translation  of  my  "  Cen- 
tral Africa,"  published  in  Leipzig.  It  is  very  well  done.  The 
translator  gives  a  biography  of  me,  in  which  he  says  I  was  born 
at  Kennett  Square,  near  the  Brandywine,  in  that  charming  re- 
gion renowned  for  its  associations  with  the  war  of  Independence. 
He  then  says  that  I  went  to  New  York  to  live  in  1843,  and  there 
married  the  daughter  of  Bryant !  Also  that  I  won  the  prize  for 
the  best  poem  in  praise  of  Jenny  Lind. 

On  Friday  I  had  a  letter  from  Bufleb  and  his  wife.  They  re- 
ceived my  letter  on  Easter  day  and  read  it  in  my  garden,  where 
a  lot  of  children  were  busy  hunting  colored  eggs,  which  they 
had  hid  among  my  box-bushes.  They  send  their  love  to  all  of 
you.  I  am  delighted  to  find  that  the  children  still  remember 
me.  The  old  forester,  with  whom  we  passed  the  night  in  the 
Duke's  woods,  has  read  my  "  Africa  "  with  great  satisfaction. 


CLEAR1NG-AWAY  WORK.  317 

One  of  B.'s  nieces  has  married  a  Russian  astronomer  and  gone  to 
St.  Petersburg  ;  so  if  I  go  to  Russia  I  shall  have  friends  there. 

Up  to  almost  the  last  moment  before  leaving,  lie 
was  at  work  upon  his  Cyclopaedia,  and  had  the  sat- 
isfaction of  leaving  behind  him  all  his  literary  en- 
gagements well  fulfilled.  He  had  swept  his  desk 
clean,  and  was  ready  with  a  cheerful  mind  for  what 
was  to  come  next.  It  was  as  well  that  he  should  go 
off  with  no  concern  about  his  business,  but  he  was  to 
meet  with  a  sorry  disappointment.  The  expectations 
which  he  had  reasonably  formed  regarding  the  Cyclo- 
paedia were  not  to  be  met.  It  was  published  after  he 
had  sailed  under  the  title :  "  Cyclopaedia  of  Modern 
Travel:  A  Record  of  Adventure,  Exploration,  and 
Discovery  for  the  past  Fifty  Years ;  comprising  Nar- 
ratives of  the  most  distinguished  Travelers  since  the 
beginning  of  the  Century.  Prepared  and  arranged  by 
Bayard  Taylor.  Illustrated  with  Maps  and  Engrav- 
ings. Cincinnati :  Moore,  Wilstach,  Keys  &  Co. 
1856."  The  book  was  sold  by  subscription,  and  the 
great  popularity  which  the  editor  enjoyed,  especially 
in  the  West,  justified  him  in  anticipating  a  solid  re- 
turn for  his  wqrk.  The  publishers  excused  the  com- 
parative failure  of  the  enterprise  by  the  fact  that  it 
was  issued  during  an  exciting  Presidential  canvass,  and 
when  there  were  apprehensions  of  a  financial  crisis. 
An  attempt  was  made  three  years  later  to  revive  in- 
terest in  it  by  the  addition  of  a  supplement,  but  with- 
out success. 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

New  York,  June  17,  1856.' 
I  have  been  working,  it  is  most  true.     I  have  never  before 
done  so  much  in  the  same  space  of  time.    Since  the  1st  of  April, 
I  have  finished  nine  hundred  royal  8vo  pages,  besides  prepar- 


318  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ing  thirteen  maps,  and  a  variety  of  cuts,  and  looking  after  the 
printing,  engraving,  etc.  ;  but  I  shall  finish  to-day !  lo,  Io ! 
Bacche  !  Nothing  remains  but  title-page  and  preface.  I  have 
compressed  ninety  volumes  into  one,  and  made,  I  think,  a  most 
interesting  and  salable  work,  for  which  I  hope  to  receive  thou- 
sands of  dollars.  It  has  been  a  terribly  fatiguing  time,  especially 
for  the  past  fortnight,  when  I  have  been  in  addition  tortured 
every  day  by  a  dentist.  But  now  for  one  consolation.  I  shall 
dine  with  you,  O  George  !  on  Thursday,  as  I  pass  through  on  my 
way  homewards.  Expect  me  positively  at  three  o'clock.  And 
now  I  must  stop,  in  order  that  I  may 

Eighteenth,  noon  —  called  off  yesterday  —  no  time  to  say  more. 
Will  dine  with  you  to-morrow,  D.  V.,  and  tell  the  rest.  God  bless 
you  forever ! 

TO   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 

New  York,  July  5,  1856. 

As  I  must  leave  without  seeing  you,  I  wish  to  say  a  final  word 
on  business  and  other  matters.  I  should  like  to  get  a  set  of  the 
proofs  of  Boker's  poems,  if  they  can  be  had  at  once,  as  I  wish  to 
write  an  article  on  them  and  send  it  back  from  Europe.  If  a  set 
can  be  had,  please  send  it  by  express  at  once,  so  that  it  will  get 
here  by  Tuesday  evening  at  farthest.  Kensett  is  going  out  with 
me,  and  Curtis  gives  us  a  parting  dinner  at  Delmonico's  on  Tues- 
day. We  expect  to  have  a  glorious  time.  I  am  wild  with  the 
thoughts  of  my  coming  holiday.  My  sisters  and  brother  come  on 
Tuesday.    My  man  Friday  is  with  me  now.    He  is  all  I  expected. 

Give  my  kindest  parting  regards  to  Longfellow,  Holmes, 
Whittier,  Lunt,  and  all  Boston  friends,  whom  I  would  gladly 
have  seen  once  more  before  setting  out.  .  .  . 

I  shall  dinj  with  Thackeray  on  the  1st  of  August.  What  shall 
I  say  for  you  ?    Write  to  me  at  once,  if  only  for  good  luck. 


The   House  in  the  Garden  at  Gotha 


CHAPTER  XIV. 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL. 


1856-1857. 


For  not  to  any  race  or  any  clime 

Is  the  completed  sphere  of  life  revealed  ; 
He  who  would  make  his  own  that  round  sublime, 

Must  pitch  his  tent  on  many  a  distant  field. 

V Envoi  (to  "  Poems  of  the  Orient "). 

Speed  swifter,  Night !  wild  Northern  Night, 

Whose  feet  the  Arctic  islands  know, 
When  stiffening  breakers,  sharp  and  white, 

Gird  the  complaining  shores  of  snow  ! 

A  Requiem  in  the  North. 

The  party,  consisting  of  Bayard  Taylor,  his  two  sis- 
ters, his  youngest  brother,  and  John  Braisted,  left  New 
York  in  July,  1856,  and  landed  at  Liverpool.  His 
purpose  was  to  give  his  sisters  and  brother  a  taste  of 
European  travel,  to  make  his  promised  visit  to  Mr. 


320  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Bufleb,  and  then  to  enlarge  his  own  personal  experi- 
ence by  an  extended  journey  in  the  north,  both  in  the 
winter  and  summer  seasons.  He  was  more  exhausted 
by  his  recent  work  than  he  had  supposed,  and  it  was 
some  time  before  he  recovered  his  wonted  exuberance. 
Meantime  there  was  a  relaxation  in  travel  which  grad- 
ually restored  his  spirits.  He  visited  England  now  as 
one  who  held  a  recognized  position  in  literature,  and 
the  friendships  which  he  had  formed  opened  the  way 
to  further  agreeable  society.  He  missed,  alas !  the 
friendly  Miss  Mitford,  who  had  died  eighteen  months 
before.  Then  it  was  a  pleasure  to  refresh  his  familiar 
knowledge  of  the  beaten  paths  of  Europe  through  the 
new  experience  of  his  ingenuous  companions.  Thus 
he  spent  four  months  in  leisurely  travel  before  he  set 
about  his  special  errand  in  Scandinavia.  He  lingered 
a  few  days  in  London,  passed  on  to  Paris,  thence  to 
his  old  haunts  at  Frankfurt,  and  so  to  Gotha,  where 
with  his  party  he  was  the  guest  of  Mr.  Bufleb,  and 
where  he  took  possession  of  the  charming  house  which 
Mr.  Bufleb  had  provided  for  his  special  delectation. 
The  circumstances  under  which  he  traveled  lessened 
his  opportunities  for  letter-writing ;  there  was  little 
occasion  to  write  to  the  "  Tribune  "  until  he  should  go 
to  the  north,  and  his  letters  home  were  chiefly  hurried 
notes,  detailing  the  plans  of  the  party,  and  leaving  to 
the  others  to  write  more  at  length.  Many  of  the  spe- 
cial incidents  of  the  journey,  however,  he  used  as  the 
basis  of  separate  articles  which  he  afterward  collected 
into  the  two  series  of  "  At  Home  and  Abroad." 

TO   MR.   AND    MRS.   R.   H.    STODDARD. 

Paris,  August  4, 1856. 
My  time,  as  you  may  suppose,  is  mostly  taken  up  in  playing 
the  cicerone   to  my  brethren ;  but  I  have  not  forgotten,  nor 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  321 

do  I  intend,  to  neglect,  my  duty  towards  you.  Everything  has 
gone  well  thus  far.  Our  voyage  across  the  ocean  was  even  more 
favorable  than  I  anticipated,  —  not  a  rough  sea  the  whole  way. 
We  landed  at  Liverpool  in  the  midst  of  a  pouring  rain,  whereby 
I  got  wet  feet,  resulting  in  a  swollen  head.  One  side  of  my  face 
was  twice  the  size  of  the  other,  and  the  pain  I  endured  prevented 
vine  from  sleeping  for  three  nights.  Finally,  at  Stratford-on- 
Avon,  my  jaw  was  lanced  and  I  recovered.  I  never  saw  Eng- 
land so  beautiful.  The  weather  was  clear  and  warm,  and  the 
country  greener  (if  possible)  than  the  fields  of  Kennett.  I  saw 
the  loveliest  ivy-grown  cottages,  —  Anne  Hathaway's  among  the 
rest,  —  the  fairest  meadows,  the  most  dazzling  poppy-fields,  the 
picturesquest  elms  and  oaks,  but  no  trees,  I  swear,  —  not  even 
the  venerable  oaks  of  Charlecote,  where  Shakespeare  poached,  — 
equal  to  my  own.  Kensett  went  with  us  through  Warwickshire, 
a  journey  of  four  days,  —  it  was  'eavenly.  At  London,  I  went 
with  the  children  to  Sydenham,  to  the  Crimean  review  at  Alder- 
shott,  into  the  hall  of  St.  Paul's,  and  to  the  Poet's  Corner.  The 
girls  were  in  raptures  with  everything  tbey  saw,  and  their  enjoy- 
ment repaid  me  handsomely  for  the  trouble  and  expense  of 
bringing  them.  Thackeray  was  in  London,  and  I  found  him  as 
jovial  and  as  tender-hearted  as  ever.  His  daughters  came  to  see 
the  girls,  took  them  out  driving  a  whole  afternoon,  and  we  all 
dined  together  in  the  evening.  The  dinner  came  off  on  the  1st, 
according  to  promise  ;  present,  Thackeray,  Mark  Lemon,  Tom 
Taylor,  Shirley  Brooks,  Horace  Mayhew,  Leech,  Bradbury  and 
Evans,  Hurlbut,  Story,  Olmsted,  and  myself.  It  was  a  capital 
dinner,  in  Thackeray's  own  house.  The  Americans,  with  Tom 
Taylor,  S.  Brooks,  and  Thackeray,  did  all  the  talking  ;  the  other 
people  were  rather  slow.1 

I  breakfasted  with  Barry  Cornwall  and  Browning.  Dear  old 
Barry  !  I  loved  him  from  the  first  minute.  He  is  reputed  si- 
lent, but  he  opened  his  heart  to  me  like  an  uncle.  He  showed 
me  all  his  MSS.,  lots  of  unpublished  poems,  etc.,  and  talked  out 
of  the  abundance  of  his  golden  nature.  Browning  was  most  cor- 
dial. He  wanted  me  to  call  on  his  wife,  and  I  did  so,  and  a 
jolly  hour's  talk  I  had  with  the  two.     She  is  about  publishing 

1  See  an  account  of  this  dinner  in  "  The  Writers  for  Punch."  At  Home 
and  Abroad,  ii.  416-420.  Of  Barry  Cornwall  and  the  Brownings  he  wrote 
a  brief  sketch  under  the  general  title,  "Some  English  Celebrities."  At 
Home  ami  Abroad,  i.  413-445. 

VOL.    I.  21 


322  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

a  poem  of  eleven  thousand  lines,1  —  something  entirely  new  in  de- 
sign, —  and  she  feels  a  little  nervous  about  it.  I  told  her  she 
should  not,  for  if  it  was  good  it  would  surely  be  appreciated 
some  time  or  other,  and  if  not,  the  sooner  it  was  damned  the  bet- 
ter ;  to  which  polite  remark  she  agreed.  Browning  is  much 
pleased  with  the  American  success  of  his  last  volume.  He  as- 
saulted me  with  "  From  the  desert  I  come  to  thee,"  etc.,  which 
he  knows  by  heart,  and  says  is  the  finest  thing  of  the  kind  he 
ever  read.     (Hold  me  !) 

.  .  .  We  reached  here  yesterday  morning,  via  Dieppe.  Paris 
is  glorious,  —  wonderfully  changed  since  '46  !  I  am  happy 
enough  just  to  walk  the  streets  again,  and  see  the  dazzling  world 
pass  by  me.  My  whole  nervous  system  was  more  shaken  than  I 
knew,  by  my  labors,  and  I  am  now  going  through  the  convulsive 
pangs  of  a  return  to  health,  — ■ "  dying  into  life,"  as  Keats  says. 
It  makes  me  restless,  irritable,  and  ill  at  ease  ;  but  the  result 
will  be  health  and  firm  nerves  again,  thank  God  ! 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Frankfurt,  August  13,  1856. 
Here  we  are  at  last  in  the  old  familiar  town,  and  I  feel  per- 
fectly at  home  in  its  streets.  The  weather  is  intensely  warm,  but 
clear,  and,  with  the  exception  of  the  heat,  we  see  everything 
under  the  most  favorable  circumstances..  I  suppose  the  others 
will  tell  you  of  our  journey  from  Paris  to  Cologne  and  our  voy- 
age up  the  Rhine.  We  took  two  days  to  it,  and  had  fine  views 
all  the  way.  We  were  all  sorry  enough  to  leave  Paris,  where 
we  were  so  comfortable.  The  little  French  hotel  where  I  stayed 
was  a  very  home-like  place  (for  France),  and  the  people  were 
kind  and  honest.  The  bill  was  very  moderate,  and  they  all 
seemed  quite  loath  to  see  us  go.  We  had  quite  a  lively  journey 
from  Paris  here.  Our  baggage  was  examined  only  at  Aix-la- 
Chapelle,  where  the  girls  were  charmed  with  the  politeness  of 
the  Prussian  officers.  I  have  great  difficulty  in  getting  them  to 
practice  French.  .  .  .  My  own  relapse  into  health  goes  on 
bravely.  I  have  not  felt  so  vigorous  for  a  year,  and  shall  be  still 
better  and  stronger  when  I  get  among  the  Alps.  We  reached 
here  only  last  night.  I  have  found  Schenck's  address,  but  have 
not  yet  seen  him.  We  thought  it  best  to  finish  the  letters  home 
first,  as  the  mail  goes  this  afternoon.  To-morrow  I  shall  be  in 
1  Aurora  Leigh. 


NORTHERN   TRAVEL.  323 

Gotha,  where  Bufleb  expects  rue.     We  shall  stay  there  five  or 
six  days.  .  .   . 

Gotha,  August  20,  1856. 
I  write  to  you  from  my  house,  sitting  in  my  room,  with  my 
fountain  playing  before  the  window.  I  reached  here  last  Thurs- 
day, and  was  received  with  open  arms.  My  house  adjoins  Bu- 
fleb's  residence,  and  the  gardens  are  thrown  into  one.  It  is  one 
of  the  most  charming  little  places  I  ever  saw.  The  house  is  a 
story  and  a  half  high,  with  a  large  room  and  two  side  boudoirs 
on  the  first  floor,  a  little  cellar,  a  study  and  bed-room  above,  and 
no  end  to  the  closets  and  queer  little  nooks.  It  is  furnished  in 
antique  style  with  high-backed  red  velvet  chairs,  Brussels  rugs, 
sofas,  mirrors,  flower-stands,  matches  and  cigars  on  the  table, 
tea,  sugar,  etc.,  in  the  cupboard,  and  beer  in  the  cellar.  Nothing 
was  forgotten  ;  the  smallest  things  were  all  in  their  places,  and 
here  I  live  like  a  prince.  The  house  stands  on  a  raised  terrace 
covered  with  flowers.  A  flight  of  stone  steps,  with  statues  at  the 
foot,  leads  to  a  broader  terrace,  in  the  middle  of  which  is  a  foun- 
tain, always  playing.  The  basin  is  deep,  and  I  have  three  big 
fish  which  come  to  be  fed.  From  this  terrace  commences  an 
arched  avenue  of  the  dwarf  beech,  making  a  comfortable  shade. 
It  opens  into  a  large  circular  arbor,  and  then  continues  a  hun- 
dred feet  farther,  to  a  garden  walk  bordered  with  flowers. 
Then  you  come  to  a  pool  surrounded  with  water-lilies,  then  more 
flower-beds,  and  finally  a  sort  of  triumphal  arch  ushers  you  into 
the  grove,  —  two  acres  of  wood,  with  winding  paths,  statues, 
fountains,  a  hermitage  of  bark,  and  numerous  stone  seats  and 
tables.  At  the  end  of  the  wood  is  the  Duke's  tree,  a  large  wal- 
nut planted  by  Ernest  II.  in  1760.  The  house  was  built  in  the 
same  year  by  his  prime  minister.  Fred  and  I  sleep  in  the  house, 
which  will  hold  only  two,  and  the  girls  in  Bufieb's  house.  We 
spend  the  day  here,  and  take  our  meals  (except  supper)  with 
them.  .  .  .  We  have  made  two  excursions,  —  to  Eisenach  and 
the  Wartburg,  and  to  the  Thiiringian  Forest.  Although  it  rained 
a  little  both  days,  we  had  delightful  trips,  and  the  Buflebs  en- 
joyed them  as  much  as  the  rest  of  us.  They  have  taken  quite 
a  fancy  to  Fred  and  the  girls,  and  this  relieves  me  from  all  feel- 
ing of  uneasiness  at  taxing  them  with  so  many  guests.  Every- 
body knew  me  on  my  return,  and  they  all  seemed  truly  glad  to 
see  me.  ...  I  could  not  find  the  Schencks  in  Frankfurt  after 
devoting  half  a  day  to  the  search,  and  inquiring  at  forty  or  fifty 


324  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

places.     They  must  have  moved  away,  but  I  could,  discover  no 
one  who  knew  them  at  all.  .  .  . 

After  the  visit  to  the  Buflebs,  Bayard  Taylor  took 
his  party  to  Switzerland  and  Italy,  and  returning  to 
Switzerland,  left  his  sisters  and  brother  in  Lausanne 
for  the  winter.  He  then  went  to  Gotha,  where  he 
made  a  month's  stay  before  going  to  the  north. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Gotha,  October  20,  1856. 
Braisted  and  I  reached  here  on  Saturday  evening,  and  we  are 
now  quietly  settled  in  my  house.  We  left  Lausanne  on  Tuesday 
morning  and  went  by  way  of  the  Neufchatel  and  Bienne  Lakes  to 
Basel,  where  we  arrived  the  next  morning  in  time  to  take  the 
first  train  for  Heidelberg.  In  the  cars  I  made  the  acquaintance 
of  Dr.  Sprengler,  the  author  of  an  admirable  "  Life  of  Mahomet," 
who  was  on  his  way  home  after  thirteen  years  in  India.  We 
stayed  all  night  in  Heidelberg,  and  went  on  Thursday  to  Frank- 
furt, where  we  remained  until  Saturday  morning.  I  made  an- 
other attempt  to  find  Schenck,  and  was  successful.  .  .  .  We  had 
splendid  weather  all  the  way,  except  at  Heidelberg,  where  it 
rained.  Bufleb  met  me  at  the  cars,  and  there  was  great  rejoic- 
ing over  my  return.  The  season  is  not  so  far  advanced  as  I  ex- 
pected. My  garden  is  still  green,  and  only  the  beeches  and 
horse-chestnuts  have  changed  color.  Bufleb  has  gathered  some 
nuts  of  the  latter  to  send  home  and  plant  in  the  spring.  My 
fountain  is  playing  away  while  I  write.  I  wish  you  could  see 
the  place  once,  and  know  how  charmingly  I  am  situated.  I  find 
that  my  fame  has  increased  while  I  have  been  absent.  The 
daughter  of  the  poet  Riickert  has  written  to  Bufleb  to  borrow  my 
books,  and  says  that  her  father  admires  them  very  much.  Zieg- 
ler,  a  German  author,  also  writes  to  Bufleb  that  he  wants  to  visit 
me,  and  that  he  has  written  to  Ritter,  the  great  geographer  in 
Berlin,  saying  that  I  am  going  thither.  The  common  people 
about  Gotha  have  an  idea  that  I  am  a  very  extraordinary  man, 
and  they  treat  me  with  the  greatest  respect.  I  should  be  almost 
sorry  to  have  them  undeceived  —  it  is  so  pleasant  to  feel  that 
one  is  known  in  a  strange  land.  The  Frau  Professor  Jacobi  has 
translated  some  of  my  poems,  and  they  are  circulating  in  manu- 


NORTHERN   TRAVEL.  325 

script.  Bufleb  is  more  than  ever  attached  to  me,  and  he  and  his 
wife  seem  so  glad  to  have  me  back,  and  so  resolute  to  keep  me, 
that  I  shall  not  get  off  under  four  weeks,  at  least.  We  are  go- 
ing to  visit  the  old  forester  in  a  few  days,  and  spend  a  night  in 
the  woods.  I  must  also  go  to  Coburg  and  visit  Riickert.  In 
fact,  I  shall  have  so  much  visiting  to  do  that  it  will  interfere 
with  my  work. 

He  had,  however,  begun  to  take  up  again  his  wonted 
work,  and  the  surroundings  which  had  now  grown  so 
familiar  gave  him  suggestion  for  several  interesting 
sketches.  The  reader  will  find  in  "  Holidays  in  Switz- 
erland and  Italy  "  a  narrative  of  the  six  weeks  which 
he  spent  when  traveling  with  his  sisters  and  brother, 
after  leaving  Gotha  and  before  he  returned  to  his 
home  there  ;  while  "  A  German  Home  and  Life  in 
the  Thuringian  Forest "  give  in  more  detail  the  cir- 
cumstances of  his  residence  in  Gotha.  The  three  pa- 
pers have  been  reprinted  in  the  first  series  of  "  At 
Home  and  Abroad,"  and  in  the  same  volume  he  has 
collected  incidents  of  his  interviews  with  German  au- 
thors, and  more  especially  his  conversations  with  Alex- 
ander von  Humboldt.  In  the  frankness  of  his  letters 
to  his  mother,  he  speaks  of  these  interviews  as  they 
affected  his  own  consciousness  of  the  position  which  he 
occupied  in  literature.  He  knew  that  his  mother 
would  take  pleasure  in  these  intimations  of  the  recog- 
nition which  her  son  received,  and  he  had  a  manly  and 
simple  delight  himself  in  meeting  upon  an  equal  foot- 
ing men  whose  literary  work  he  honored. 

TO   HIS    MOTHER. 

Berlin,  November  22,  185G. 
I  have  not  fulfilled  my  promise  of  writing  to  you  again  before 
leaving  Gotha,  because  I  was  obliged  to  devote  so  much  time  to 
my  friends,  and  to  employ  my  leisure  in  commencing  my  corre- 


326  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

spondence  with  the  "  Tribune."  The  four  weeks  passed  away  be- 
fore I  knew  it,  and  the  season  is  now  so  far  advanced  that  I  am 
hurrying  on  toward  Lapland  as  fast  as  I  can.  I  left  Gotha  on 
the  14th,  went  to  Coburg,  where  I  spent  a  day  with  Biickert,  the 
poet,  and  Gerstacker,  the  celebrated  German  traveler.  Both 
had  read  my  travels  in  German,  and  were  most  friendly  and 
cordial  towards  me.  We  then  went  to  Dresden,  where  Ziegler, 
another  traveler  and  author,  whom  I  had  previously  known, 
received  me  with  open  arms.  Dresden  is  the  literary  city  of 
Germany,  and  I  met  with  all  the  authors  living  there.  I  was 
delighted  to  find  that  they  all  knew  me.  When  I  called  on  the 
poet  Julius  Hammer,  he  was  at  his  desk,  translating  my  poem 
of  "  Steyermark."  Gutzkow  the  dramatist,  Autrbach  the  nov- 
elist, Dr.  Andree  the  geographer,  and  others  whose  names  are 
known  all  over  Europe,  welcomed  me  as  a  friend  and  brother- 
author.  We  had  a  grand  dinner  together  the  day  before  I  left. 
The  Dresden  papers  spoke  of  me  as  a  distinguished  guest,  and 
published  translations  of  my  poems.  In  fact,  I  think  I  am  al- 
most as  well  known  in  Germany  as  in  the  United  States.  I  left 
Dresden  with  regret  and  the  promise  to  go  back  again.  We 
came  here  on  Wednesday  and  will  stay  two  days  more.  I  have 
visited  Bitter,  the  great  geographer,  and  expect  to  see  Humboldt 
shortly.  .  .  .  Every  one  who  knows  anything  about  the  north  of 
Europe  tells  me  I  am  quite  right  in  making  a  winter  journey  to 
Lapland.  Bitter  says  my  plan  is  a  capital  one,  and  I  shall  have 
the  most  interesting  experiences.  They  all  say  that  traveling  is 
easier  in  the  north  in  winter  than  in  summer,  and  that  one  soon 
becomes  accustomed  to  the  cold.  I  bought  a  fur  robe  in  Gotha, 
which  reaches  from  the  crown  of  my  head  to  the  sole  of  my 
feet.  ...  I  am  in  high  spirits  at  the  thought  of  this  whiter  jour- 
ney. 

The  journey  to  the  north  was  the  fulfillment  of  an 
old  desire.  It  was  also  in  some  degree  the  first-fruits 
of  a  new  resolve.  The  passion  for  exploration,  for  ad- 
venture, which  was  part  of  an  exuberant  physical  na- 
ture, was  subsiding,  although  still  energetic ;  but  there 
had  been  forming  in  Bayard  Taylor's  mind  a  maturer 
conception  of  travel.  The  task  which  he  had  accepted 
of  compiling  an  encyclopaedia  of  travel  had  brought 


NORTHERN   TRAVEL.  327 

him  more  directly  into  contact  with  the  minds  of  great 
travelers,  and  he  had  been  struck  by  the  wide  and 
varied  equipment  which  was  essential  to  eminent  suc- 
cess in  this  field.  He  had  had  his  dreams  of  reputa- 
tion through  travel,  but  his  waking  reflections  showed 
him  clearly  that  there  was  an  incompatibility  between 
the  higher,  finer  literary  production  which  was  his 
dearest  object,  and  the  career  of  one  who  should  add 
deliberately  to  the  stock  of  human  knowledge.  There 
is  little  doubt  that  his  acquaintance  with  Humboldt  at 
this  time  deepened  the  reflections  which  had  been  oc- 
cupying his  mind.  Here  was  the  greatest  of  modern 
explorers,  who  carried  the  wealth  of  the  Indies  with 
him  to  every  remote  Indies  which  he  visited.  The  very 
wealth  of  his  endowment  caused  his  visitor  to  be  con- 
scious of  his  own  lack  of  severe  and  specific  training. 
It  also  stimulated  him  to  a  profounder  conception  of 
the  use  to  which  he  might  put  the  material  he  was 
gathering.  Might  there  not  be  such  a  work  as  a  hu- 
man Cosmos? 

Meanwhile  he  was  still  impelled  by  the  desire  to 
feel,  as  well  as  to  see,  the  cold  north.  He  would  not 
attempt  what  he  could  not  do,  but  he  knew  well  that 
he  could  so  travel  as  to  receive  impressions  and  record 
them  as  pictures  for  the  mind  of  the  reader,  and  he 
set  out  with  hearty  interest  upon  his  new  adventure. 
The  stream  of  travel  had  not  then  set  in  toward  Scan- 
dinavia, and  he  had  nearly  virgin  soil  for  literary  cul- 
tivation. 

TO   GEORGE    H     ROKER. 

Stockholm,  December  7,  1856. 

I  reached  here  yesterday  after  a  journey  of  thirty  miles  in  an 

open  sled,  with  the  mercury  below  zero.     My  first  walk  was  to 

the  post-office,  in  the  midst  of  a  blinding'  snow-storm,  and  the 

first  letter  I  received  was  yours.     I  came  back  to  my  lodgings  in 


328  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

the  early  darkness  of  the  north,  sat  down  and  read  your  words 
with  a  mixture  of  joy  and  pain  which  I  know  not  how  to  express 
to  you.  I  passed  a  restless  night,  and  if  my  clairvoyant  faculty 
were  always  certain,  I  am  sure  you  must  have  thought  of  me. 
Now  I  cannot  delay  a  moment  until  I  have  written,  and  know 
that  my  letter  is  on  its  way  to  you.  .  .  . 

I  hardly  know  how  to  explain  this  silence  myself.  The  fact 
is,  I  wrote  so  much  and  labored .  so  hard  during  my  two  years 
and  a  half  at  home  that  for  three  months  after  I  sailed  I  never 
touched  a  pen  without  a  violent  effort.  I  wrote  as  little  as  pos- 
sible, even  to  my  mother.  ...  I  only  began  to  write  for  the 
"  Tribune  "  about  six  weeks  ago,  while  in  Gotha.  I  determined 
then  that  I  would  make  atonement  for  my  neglect  of  you.  I 
thought  of  you  day  after  day,  sat  down  to  my  table  with  the 
resolution  to  write  ;  but  I  swear  I  don't  know  how  it  happened 
that  I  never  did.  I  was  absorbed,  and  have  been  since  then,  by 
a  personal  matter  which  I  will  explain  to  you  when  we  meet,  and 
which  may  have  been  partly  to  blame.  .  .  . 

George,  I  have  been  undergoing  a  mental  and  moral  fermen- 
tation for  the  last  four  months.  Until  it  has  subsided  I  can't  say 
what  the  result  will  be.  It  is  one  of  those  transition  periods 
which  are  inevitable  in  our  nature,  which  we  can  foresee,  but  not 
prevent  or  retard.  I  believe  it  will  bring  wine  instead  of  vin- 
egar, new  vitality,  fresh  force,  and  a  sparkling  effervescence  of 
cheerfulness  and  courage.  You  know  what  these  periods  are, 
how  restless  they  make  one,  yet  not  unhappy,  how  full  of  the 
desire  without  the  proper  calm  capacity  for  labor.  So  it  has 
been,  and  still  partly  is,  with  me.  Yet  I  have  rarely  been  hap- 
pier in  my  life,  and  the  future  never  seemed  brighter  or  more 
secure. 

You  ask,  when  will  my  wanderings  end  ?  God  only  knows. 
For  me  they  are  an  absolute  necessity  ;  I  owe  my  life  and  my  suc- 
cess to  them.  In  another  week  I  start  for  Tornea,  and  by  New 
Year's  day  shall  be  on  the  shores  of  the  Arctic  Ocean.  Think 
of  me  when  you  get  this  as  driving  my  reindeer  over  the  solid 
snow,  in  the  sunless  days  of  the  Polar  Circle.  .  .  . 

It  will  not  interest  you  much  to  hear  what  I  have  been  doing 
since  leaving  home.  I  devoted  three  months  to  my  sisters  and 
Fred,  visiting  in  that  time  London,  Paris,  Germany,  all  Switzer- 
land, Italy  as  far  as  Rome,  and  Savoy.  I  secured  winter  quar- 
ters for  them  at  Lausanne,  and  then  went  on  to  Gotha,  where  I 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  329 

spent  a  month  at  home,  in  my  own  house.  It  was  a  home  I  as- 
sure you.  I  knew  everybody,  and  everybody  knew  me.  I  dined 
with  prime  ministers  and  danced  with  peasant  girls  ;  talked 
philosophy  with  scholars,  and  camped  out  with  foresters.  I  went 
to  Dresden,  where  I  fell  in  with  the  principal  living  authors  of 
Germany,  and  was  delighted  to  find  that  they  all  knew  my  name. 
^Thence  to  Berlin,  where  I  had  interviews  with  Humboldt,  Bit- 
ter, and  Miigge,  the  author  of  "  Afraja."  Thence  to  Hamburg 
and  Liibeck,  whence  I  sailed  for  Stockholm  on  the  1st.  It  was 
the  last  trip  of  the  season,  for  the  Baltic  Sea  is  nearly  closed. 
We  had  a  polar  voyage  —  storm,  ice,  snow,  and  cold  —  for  five 
days,  but  succeeded  in  reaching  a  little  port  thirty  miles  from 
here,  where  we  were  stopped  by  the  ice.  We  came  on  by  land, 
through  pine  forests  heavy  with  snow  —  superb  winter  scenery. 
The  days  are  waxing  short,  barely  six  hours  of  daylight,  but  in 
three  weeks  more,  in  Lapland,  we  shall  have  no  sunrise  at  all. 
I  stand  the  cold  admirably,  and  am  waxing  ruddy  and  strong. 

After  a  week  at  Stockholm  for  the  purpose  of  pre- 
paring for  the  northern  journey,  the  two  travelers  set 
out  December  15, 1856,  and  were  precisely  two  months 
making  the  tour  to  Lapland  and  back.  It  must  be 
said  that  the  narrative  of  the  excursion  leaves  upon 
the  reader's  mind  the  impression  that  it  was  a  feat 
performed  rather  than  a  pleasure  enjoyed,  and  the 
note-books  containing  the  incidents  from  which  the 
fuller  letters  were  written  out  intensify  the  impression. 
For  much  of  the  way  it  was  a  desperate  fight  with  the 
cold.  On  the  26th  of  January,  when  they  had  turned 
back  and  were  making  their  way  out  of  the  cold  and 
darkness,  Bayard  Taylor  notes  in  his  journal :  — 

"  The  weather  seems  to  be  moderating  a  little, 
which  God  grant,  for  the  continuance  of  extreme  cold 
is  terrible.  Mercury  now  —  34^°.  My  nose  has  still 
escaped,  but  I  have  much  trouble  with  my  hands  and 
feet.  Cannot  now  describe  the  little  incidents  of  my 
journey  —  am  almost  used  up  by  fighting  with  the 


330  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Arctic  climate.  But  we  are  going  southward,  and  the 
sun  rises  higher  every  day.  .  .  .  Jan.  27.  .  .  Still, 
sparklingly  clear,  and  intensely  cold  — 47°.  Had  good 
horses  and  rattled  merrily  along,  so  that  we  were  in 
fine  spirits.  Splendid  snow-forests,  illuminated  by 
the  sun,  which  rose  about  ten  o'clock.  Not  a  bit  of 
warmth  in  his  beams,  but  we  were  rejoiced  to  see  his 
round,  white  face  once  more.  .  .  .  Did  not  suffer  much 
from  the  cold  to-day,  except  in  hands  and  forehead. 
My  eyebrows,  eyes,  and  upper  parts  of  my  cheeks  were 
like  marble,  rather  than  flesh.  I  know  now  how  a 
statue  feels.  .  .  .  Jan.  28.  .  .  .  We  were  in  strong- 
hopes  that  the  power  of  the  cold  weather  was  broken, 
but  this  morning  it  had  sunk  to  — 49°,  the  mercury 
beginning  to  freeze,  and  even  now  when  the  sun  has 
been  shining  nearly  an  hour,  it  is  — 46°.  I  have 
suffered  considerably  from  this  continuance  of  vio- 
lent cold ;  the  bridge  of  my  nose  is  frozen,  my  bodily 
temperature  is  lowered  to  a  chilly  point,  and  I  have 
had  a  terrible  headache  over  the  eyes  to-day,  from  the 
freezing  yesterday.  There  is  a  little  wind  from  the 
west,  and  I  can  scarcely  bear  it  on  my  face.  Nothing 
can  be  more  severe  ;  flaying,  branding  with  a  hot 
iron,  cutting  with  dull  knives,  etc.,  may  be  something 
like  it,  but  no  worse.  Air  hazy  from  the  frozen  moist- 
ure, smoke  frozen  in  solid  masses,  snow  hard  and 
crisp,  iron  sticks  like  glue  —  in  short,  no  signs  of  a 
proper  Arctic  temperature  are  wanting." 

There  were  striking  views  of  Arctic  heavens  and 
the  ever- varying  forest  scenes ;  the  very  cold  carried 
with  it  much  of  the  time  a  sense  of  physical  exhilara- 
tion, and  Bayard  Taylor  was  able  to  say  after  it  was 
all  over  that  the  experience  had  confirmed  his  physical 
strength,  and  that  he  had  been  absolutely  free  from 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  331 

colds.  Still,  the  satisfaction  of  having  accomplished 
the  feat  remained  as  the  most  positive  result.  He  had 
known  in  his  own  person  the  extreme  rigor  of  a  north- 
ern clime,  and  thus  had  added  to  the  range  of  his 
sensations. 

He  was  able  to  bring  into  requisition  the  study  he 
had  made  of  water-color  drawing,  and  brought  back 
a  number  of  sketches  from  the  north.  He  settled 
himself  in  Stockholm  with  his  companion,  where  he 
worked  up  the  material  of  his  notes-  and  his  reminis- 
cences into  letters  to  the  "Tribune,"  made  further 
studies  in  Swedish  life,  language,  and  literature,  and 
went  through  a  regular  gymnastic  training  under  the 
system  which  was  then  peculiar  to  Sweden.  The  gen- 
eral result  of  his  leisurely  stay  in  Stockholm  is  given 
in  a  letter  which  he  wrote  shortly  before  returning  to 
Gotha. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Stockholm,  April  21,  1857. 
We  are  getting  along  as  usual,  and  I  have  very  little  to  say, 
except  that  I  am  in  good  health  and  getting  better.  I  don't 
know  that  I  ever  felt  more  cheerful  in  my  life,  at  least  not  for 
six  years  past.  The  gymnasium  has  wonderfully  strengthened 
my  arms  and  breast.  I  can  now  climb  a  smooth  pole  thirty  feet 
high,  run  up  a  rope  with  my  hands,  and  perform  various  other 
feats  which  two  months  ago  would  have  been  utterly  impossible. 
My  breast  has  increased  an  inch  and  a  half  in  circumference, 
and  all  this  is  solid  muscle.  I  really  believe  I  could  become  a 
strong  man.  My  only  derangement  is  of  the  digestive  organs 
from  my  sedentary  life  in  New  York,  brought  on  again  by  sitting 
so  much  in  a  sled  during  my  Lapland  journey.  I  have  consulted 
a  physician,  who  tells  me  only  to  sit  as  little  as  possible,  and  take 
exercise.  I  have  a  high  desk  where  I  can  stand  and  write,  and 
shall  tramp  through  Norway  in  the  summer,  so  the  matter  will 
soon  be  settled.  I  have  determined,  however,  never  again  to 
work  as  I  have  worked.  I  felt  the  bad  effects  of  it  all  last 
summer  and  fall,  and  am  only  just  now  beginning  to  be  my  old 


332  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

self  again.  I  am  glad  that  I  have  laid  out  so  much  travel.  This 
winter  has  been  a  great  benefit  to  me,  but  I  am  anxious  to  make 
myself  thoroughly  robust  and  vigorous  without  a  weak  nerve 
about  me,  and  cannot  do  it  under  another  year  at  least.  I  shall 
continue  the  gymnasium  practice  whenever  I  get  a  chance.  It 
is  admirable.  I  never  knew  what  it  was  to  have  strong  arms 
before.  The  weather  has  much  improved.  We  have  some  glo- 
rious days  now,  and  I  go  out  in  the  country  to  sketch.  I  have 
made  two  very  good  views  of  Stockholm,  and  shall  make  two  or 
three  more  before  I  leave.  I  have  also  improved  in  figures,  and 
can  take  a  tolerable  portrait  without  much  trouble. 

By  the  middle  of  May  lie  was  again  in  Gotha,  where 
he  found  his  sisters  and  brother,  who  had  preceded 
him  from  Switzerland,  and  were  now  enjoying  the 
hospitalities  of  Mr.  Bufleb  before  they  should  return 
to  America. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Gotha,  May  26,  1857. 
.  .  .  Our  past  week  has  been  a  continual  round  of  dinners  and 
excursions  into  the  forests  and  mountains,  with  the  loveliest 
weather  imaginable,  and  the  whole  country  blooming  like  a  vast 
garden.  Gotha  is  in  every  sense  of  the  word  a  home  to  all  our 
family,  and  there  will  be  lamentation  on  all  sides  when  the  day 
of  departure  comes.  .  .  .  The  whole  family  look  upon  us  as  rel- 
atives and  treat  us  as  such.  The  people  here  claim  me  as  a 
fellow-citizen.  The  newspapers  regularly  publish  translations  of 
my  letters,  and  everybody  is  familiar  with  my  doings.  If  you 
and  father  were  here  I  could  forget  that  I  am  an  American.  I 
must  say  again  that  Fred  and  the  girls  have  remarkably  im- 
proved, both  mentally  and  physically.  I  am  proud  to  be  their 
brother,  and  grateful  that  I  have  been  able  to  give  them  this 
year  in  Europe.  When  I  took  them  from  home  I  did  not  know 
that  I  was  doing  anything  for  myself,  but  so  it  is.  Their  presence 
here  has,  as  it  were,  turned  all  my  friends  into  relatives,  so  inti- 
mate and  familiar  have  they  become  with  all  of  us. 

When  this  letter  was  written,  Bayard  Taylor  was 
not  at  liberty  to  disclose  the  fact  which  lay  beneath  it 
and  gave  special  meaning  to  his  words.     A  few  days 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  333 

later  he  announced  to  his  mother  his  engagement  to 
"  Marie  Hansen,  (laughter  of  Hansen,  the  distinguished 
astronomer,  and  niece  of  Mrs.  Bufleb."  He  had  waited 
until  the  consent  could  be  had  of  his  future  wife's 
mother,  who  was  at  the  time  in  St.  Petersburg.  "  I 
-hope  you  will  be  satisfied,"  he  concludes,  "  with  a  step 
which  makes  us  all  so  happy  and  my  future  so  bright." 
The  betrothal  took  place  on  the  eve  of  the  return  of 
Bayard  Taylor's  sisters  and  brother  to  America.  He 
saw  them  on  their  way  from  Bremen,  and  then  went 
to  England  for  a  few  days  before  completing  his  north- 
ern travel  by  a  summer  trip  through  Norway.  He 
saw  again  his  English  friends,  and  made  new  acquaint- 
ances. Thackeray  introduced  him  to  Tennyson,  whom 
he  visited.  "I  have  written  a  letter  to  Tennyson," 
Thackeray  writes,  "  containing  comments  upon  your 
character  which  I  could  n't  safely  trust  to  your  own 
hand."  The  two  days  which  Bayard  Taylor  spent 
with  Tennyson  at  his  home  were  full  of  pleasure.  "He 
was  most  kind  and  friendly,"  he  writes  to  his  mother, 
"  and  says  I  must  visit  him  every  time  I  come  to  Eng- 
land. To-night  I  am  going  with  Read  (who  has  just 
arrived  from  Rome)  to  visit  Leigh  Hunt.  I  expect 
to  see  Dickens  before  I  leave.  I  met  last  Sunday  with 
Layard,  the  discoverer  of  Nineveh,  and  Kinglake,  the 
author  of  '  Eothen.'  " 

Some  of  the  impressions  of  this  society  he  recorded 
in  a  paper  which  is  included  in  the  second  series  of 
"  At  Home  and  Abroad,"  "  Summer  Gossip  from 
England,"  and  also  in  a  slight  sketch  of  Leigh  Hunt, 
printed  in  the  first  series.  But  he  was  unwilling  to 
give  more  than  the  lightest  sketches  of  persons  whose 
privacy  he  respected,  however  public  they  might  be 
through  their  literary  fame.     This  was  especially  true 


334  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

as  regards  Tennyson,  of  whom  he  wrote  more  famil- 
iarly to  his  friend  Mr.  Boker :  — 

*'  I  spent  two  days  with  him  in  June,  and  you  take 
my  word  for  it  he  is  a  noble  fellow,  every  inch  of  him. 
He  is  as  tall  as  I  am,  with  a  head  which  Read  capitally 
calls  that  of  a  dilapidated  Jove,  long  black  hair,  splen- 
did dark  eyes,  and  a  full  mustache  and  beard.  The 
portraits  don't  look  a  bit  like  him ;  they  are  hand- 
somer, perhaps,  but  have  n't  half  the  splendid  charac- 
ter of  his  face.  We  smoked  many  a  pipe  together, 
and  talked  of  poetry,  religion,  politics,  and  geology.  I 
thought  he  seemed  gratified  with  his  American  fame ; 
he  certainly  did  not  say  an  unkind  word  about  us. 
He  had  read  my  Oriental  poems  and  liked  them.  He 
spoke  particularly  of  their  richness  of  imagery  and 
conscientious  finish.  I  need  not  tell  you  that  his  ver- 
dict is  a  valuable  one  to  me.  Our  intercourse  was 
most  cordial  and  unrestrained,  and  he  asked  me,  at 
parting,  to  be  sure  and  visit  him  every  time  I  came  to 
England.  His  wife  is  one  of  the  best  women  I  ever 
met  with,  and  his  two  little  boys,  Hallam  and  Lionel, 
are  real  cherubs  of  children." 

Mr.  Bufleb  joined  Bayard  Taylor  in  Norway,  and 
they  spent  the  summer  in  travel,  going  as  far  as  the 
North  Cape  in  one  of  the  steamers  which  make  the 
coasting  voyage.  It  was  rather  a  supplement  to  his 
winter  in  Sweden  and  Lapland.  It  enabled  him  to 
complete  the  round  of  his  observation,  and  quite  effect- 
ually satisfied  the  desire  which  he  had  so  long  had,  to 
experience  in  his  own  person  the  quality  of  northern 
life.  "We  had  quite  enough  of  the  north,"  he  wi*ites 
to  his  mother.  "  It  is  interesting  to  see  it  once,  but 
now  that  I  have  been  inside  of  the  Arctic  zone  both  in 
winter  and  summer  I  am  satisfied,  and  never  wish  to 


NORTHERN   TRAVEL.  335 

go  back  again."  He  parted  with  Mr.  Bufleb  in  Chris- 
tiania,  and  made  a  journey  through  Dalecarlia  to  Stock- 
holm, and  thence  to  Gotha  again  by  way  of  Copenha- 
gen, where  he  saw  Andersen. 

It  is  to  be  noticed  that  since  he  had  left  America 
iie  had  apparently  not  written  a  line  of  poetry.  His 
prose,  indeed,  was  more  marked  by  poetic  form,  for  he 
gave  many  picturesque  descriptions  of  northern  scen- 
ery, and  seemed  to  relieve  the  hardness  of  the  outer 
world  by  warm  imaginative  touches,  and  the  life  which 
he  witnessed  remained  in  his  mind  as  material  for 
poetic  use  afterward.  This  appears  especially  in  the 
singularly  truthful  reproduction  of  Norwegian  land- 
scape, manners,  and  sentiment  in  the  pastoral  poem  of 
"  Lars."  The  strong  contrasts,  both  of  nature  and  of 
character,  which  make  Norway  dear  to  the  artist  and 
poet,  appealed  to  him  and  found  partial  expression  in 
his  prose  narrative,  as  when  he  described  his  visit  to 
the  region  which  he  afterward  adopted  as  the  locale 
for  the  earlier  scenes  in  "  Lars." 

"  We  had  a  terribly  tough  pull  up  the  mountain, . 
through  fine  woods,  to  the  summit  level  of  the  fjeld. 
The  view  backward,  over  the  lake,  was  enchanting, 
and  we  lingered  long  on  the  steep,  loath  to  lose  it. 
Turning  again,  a  desolate  lake  lay  before  us,  heathery 
swells  of  the  bleak  table-land,  and  distant  peaks 
touched  with  snow.  Once  upon  the  broad  level  sum- 
mit of  a  Norwegian  fjeld  one  would  never  guess  what 
lovely  valleys  lie  under  the  misty  breaks  which  sep- 
arate its  immense  lobes,  what  gushes  of  life  and 
beauty  penetrate  its  stony  heart.  There  are,  in  fact, 
two  Norways:  one  above  —  a  series  of  detached,  ir- 
regular masses,  bleak,  snowy,  wind-swept,  and  heath- 
er-grown, inhabited  by  herdsmen  and  hunters :  and 


336  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

one  below  —  a  ramification  of  narrow  veins  of  land 
and  water,  with  fields  and  forests,  highways  and  vil- 
lages." 1 

The  letters  which  he  wrote  to  the  "  Tribune  "  formed 
the  basis  of  the  volume  of  "  Northern  Travel "  which 
he  published  in  the  fall  of  1857  in  New  York  with 
Mr.  Putnam,  and  in  London  with  Sampson  Low  & 
Co.  A  German  edition  was  also  brought  out  at  the 
same  time.  He  was  busily  engaged  in  preparing  the 
book  for  the  press  at  the  time  of  his  marriage,  which 
took  place  October  27,  1857.  His  friends  in  New 
York  celebrated  the  event  on  the  same  day  in  a  pleas- 
ant fashion  by  a  dinner  to  which  he  invited  them. 

Immediately  after  his  marriage,  Bayard  Taylor 
went  with  his  wife  to  London,  where  he  remained 
long  enough  to  see  his  "  Northern  Travel "  through 
the  press  and  to  secure  an  English  copyright.  He 
had  intended  making  a  journey  of  exploration  into 
Russian  Tartary  for  the  purpose  of  procuring  fresh 
material  for  a  volume  of  travels.  His  plan  was  to 
spend  a  winter  in  Moscow,  preparing  himself  by  study 
and  familiarity  with  Russian  life  for  the  adventure  in 
the  following  summer,  but  the  letters  which  he  received 
from  America  forced  him  to  reconsider  his  resolve. 
The  financial  disasters  of  this  year,  1857,  had  tempo- 
rarily affected  his  sources  of  income,  and  he  did  not 
deem  it  prudent  to  incur  so  heavy  an  expense  as  the 
Russian  winter  and  the  summer  in  Tartary  would  de- 
mand. It  was  of  little  use,  however,  to  return  to 
America,  where  literature  and  lecturing  were  both  at 
a  stand-still.  He  could  maintain  himself  better  by 
correspondence  than  in  any  other  way,  and  he  decided 
to  pass  the  winter  in  Greece,  which  he  had  not  yet 

1  Northern  Travel,  p.  351. 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  337 

visited,  and  which  offered  a  good  field  for  work. 
After  a  short  stay,  therefore,  in  Gotha,  upon  returning 
from  London,  he  went  with  his  wife  to  Athens,  which 
hie  reached  on  the  evening  of  Christmas  Day.  By 
good  fortune  he  found  that  the  dragoman,  Francois, 
who  had  been  with  him  in  Palestine  and  Asia  Minor, 
was  settled  in  Athens  and  kept  a  furnished  house  for 
strangers. 

"  We  have  engaged  a  parlor  and  two  bedrooms," 
he  writes  to  his  mother  on  the  last  day  of  the  year, 
"  and  shall  move  there  day  after  to-morrow.  .  .  . 
Francois  has  a  warm  house,  and  I  think  we  shall  be 
very  comfortable  with  him.  His  wife  is  a  German 
woman,  who  will  be  some  company  for  M.  while  we 
are  off  on  our  trips  into  the  interior.  Of  course  Fran- 
cois will  accompany  us  always,  and  I  know  him  well 
enough  to  depend  on  him.  .  .  .  We  shall  not  go  any- 
where for  a  month  at  least,  and  then  to  Candia  first, 
afterwards  Rhodes,  and  then  back  to  Athens.  I  can- 
not take  M.  on  this  trip  as  there  are  no  inns  on  either 
of  the  islands,  and  the  houses  are  dirty,  without  beds, 
and  full  of  fleas." 

With  his  customary  promptness  and  facility  he  ap- 
plied himself  at  once  to  acquiring  a  colloquial  knowl- 
edge of  modern  Greek,  and  a  month  after  they  had  set- 
tled themselves  in  Athens  he  was  able  to  write  to  his 
mother :  "  I  commit  three  to  four  pages  to  memory 
every  morning,  and  then  talk  them  over  with  my 
teacher.  In  this  way,  without  grammar  or  dictionary, 
I  have  learned  so  much  that  I  can  ask  for  everything 
I  want  and  talk  about  ordinary  topics.  It  is  a  beau- 
tiful language,  and  I  only  wish  I  had  time  to  study  it 
thoroughly.  I  have  also  taken  a  few  sketches  when- 
ever the  weather  permitted,  and  am,  besides,  reading 

vol.  i.  22 


338  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Grecian  history.  So  you  see  my  time  is  pretty  well 
taken  up." 

The  society  at  Athens  was  full  of  interest  to  him, 
and  he  was  especially  indebted  to  Dr.  and  Mrs.  Hill, 
the  American  missionaries.  Through  them  he  was 
able  to  enlarge  and  modify  the  impressions  which  he 
received  of  Greece,  and  to  get  a  quicker  introduction 
into  the  mingled  Bavarian  and  Hellenic  life  of  the 
capital.  The  experiment,  then  still  new,  of  reorgan- 
izing Greece  under  the  supervision  of  the  Western 
Powers  interested  him  extremely,  and  his  diary  con- 
tains many  observations  which  he  did  not  think  it  ex- 
pedient to  enlarge  upon  in  his  printed  narrative.  He 
came  to  Greece  with  a  poet's  apprehension  of  the  clas- 
sic life,  not  a  scholar's ;  yet  he  was  too  actual  in  all 
his  habits  of  observation  to  lose  himself  in  a  merely 
romantic  or  regretful  vision  of  modern  Greece.  The 
burst  of  passionate  admiration  with  which  he  viewed 
the  Acropolis  was  the  accumulated  expression  of  en- 
thusiasm for  Greek  art  which  had  always  possessed 
him  even  when  he  had  but  remote  or  fragmentary  ob- 
jects to  call  it  forth.  Now,  in  the  heart  of  ancient 
Greece,  the  full  tide  of  feeling  rushed  forth.  He 
brought  to  the  scene  no  careful  culture  through  the 
study  of  Grecian  literature,  art,  and  history,  but  a 
mind  apt  at  receiving  those  great  impressions  of  great 
art  which  overflow  the  soul  and  sweep  away  for  the 
time  being  all  other  thoughts  and  emotions. 

The  whole  winter  in  Greece  and  the  Grecian  Isl- 
ands was  a  most  delightful  verification  to  him  of  old 
dreams  and  present  aspirations,  and  as  such  found  an 
immediate  expression  in  a  book  of  travel,  which  has, 
perhaps,  greater  unity  and  finish  than  any  of  his 
previous  prose  works.    The  reader  will  recall  the  wist- 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  339 

ful  look  which  Bayard  Taylor  cast  toward  Greece 
when  he  was  first  in  Europe.  In  the  plans  for  his 
earliest  journey,  none  excited  his  enthusiasm  as  did 
that  for  visiting  Greece,  and  his  greatest  disappoint- 
ment was  when  in  Italy  he  turned  his  back  upon  that 
-near  East  and  set  his  face  toward  France.  Now,  when 
he  had  visited  the  shores  of  so  large  a  part  of  the 
globe,  had  seen  many  cities  and  many  men,  fortune 
brought  him,  under  happy  auspices,  to  this  navel  of 
the  poetic  world.  He  brought  with  him  the  poetic 
fervor  of  his  youth  and  the  maturer  judgment  of  his 
experience.  He  was  ready  to  yield  at  once  to  the  fas- 
cination of  the  antique,  and  to  watch  with  curious  eye 
a  people  and  land  which  offered  to  the  modern  trav- 
eler aspects  a  world  away  from  the  Greece  of  Peri- 
cles. 

After  he  was  sufficiently  equipped  with  a  knowl- 
edge of  the  language  and  a  familiarity  with  Grecian 
ways  he  made  several  excursions :  to  Crete  in  Febru- 
ary, to  the  Morea  in  the  latter  part  of  March,  and  to 
Thessaly  in  April.  He  had  learned  the  art  of  travel 
thoroughly  now,  and  one  is  aware  in  reading  his  rec- 
ord how  lightly  he  disposed  of  difficulties,  and  how 
easily  he  adjusted  himself  to  the  circumstances  of  his 
life.  He  had  learned  also  more  perfectly  the  art  of 
renderino-  his  sketches  of  travel  so  that  the  narrative 
should  have  something  more  than  sequence  ;  the  nice 
proportion,  the  composition,  indeed,  of  his  work  on 
Greece  indicate  that  even  though  he  wrote  necessarily 
in  fragments,  his  work  assumed  a  unity  and  true  per- 
spective as  he  went  on  with  it.  He  wrote  no  poem 
during  his  stay  in  Greece,  but  he  was  clearly  under 
the  influence  of  the  artistic  mood  and  used  his  faculty 
in  the  completer,  more  picturesque  form  of  his  prose 
narrative. 


340  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

His  stay  in  Greece  closed  when  spring  had  fairly 
come,  and  the  party  returned  to  Gotha  by  way  of 
Constantinople  and  the  Danube.  As  soon  as  Bayard 
Taylor  had  established  his  wife  in  her  former  home, 
he  set  out  for  a  hurried  excursion  to  Moscow  and  St. 
Petersburg.  Although  he  had  been  obliged  to  give 
up  the  more  elaborate  plan  which  he  had  formed,  he 
was  unwilling  to  go  home  without  a  glimpse  of  a  coun- 
try which  interested  him,  and  which  now  seemed  to 
require  his  notice,  if  he  would  complete  in  his  mind 
some  of  the  reflections  which  had  arisen  from  the  ac- 
quaintance with  modern  Greece.  He  returned  by  a 
rapid  movement  through  the  Baltic  provinces,  and 
reached  Gotha  sooner  than  he  had  been  expected. 

He  wrote  to  Mr.  Stoddard,  July  21st,  "  The  poetic 
faculty  is  beginning  to  give  signs  of  life  at  last.  Two 
years  of  silence  was  quite  enough,  but  the  time  is  not 
lost.  I  may  bring  you  half  a  dozen  poems  with  me, 
but  no  more.  I  need  American  air,  when  I  write  po- 
etry." A  few  days  later  he  wrote  a  poem,  "  A  Watch 
of  the  Night,"  which  found  its  place  in  the  first  edi- 
tion of  "  The  Poet's  Journal."  The  expected  cry  of  a 
child,  when  the  wind  was  howling  without,  was  the 
theme  which  invited  him  to  take  up  his  song  again. 
This  poem  was  omitted  from  the  later  editions  of 
"  The  Poet's  Journal."  It  had,  perhaps,  for  him 
both  an  intimacy  which  he  shrank  afterwards  from 
sharing  with  others,  and  a  slight  uncertainty  of  hand- 
ling, as  if  his  fingers  were  not  yet  newly  used  to  the 
once  familiar  instrument. 

This  poem  and  two  which  followed  shortly  after, 
"  The  Father  "  and  "  The  Mother,"  have  an  autobio- 
graphic interest  to  the  reader  for  their  frank  expression 
of  that  unhesitating  affection  which  he  gave  to  those 


NORTHERN  TRAVEL.  341 

whom  he  loved.  In  a  fragment  of  a  confession  which 
he  wrote  four  years  before,  he  said:  "I  have  been 
reading-  '  Eousseau's  Confessions,'  and  am  struck  with 
certain  similarities  which  my  nature  bears  to  his.  He 
was  a  man,  evidently,  whose  very  life  consisted  in  lov- 
ing. Love  was  the  breath  of  his  being ;  and  the  older  I 
grow  the  more  I  find  that  the  same  thing  is  true  with 
regard  to  myself.  I  have  felt  all  the  transports  and 
the  tendernesses  of  passion  which  he  describes  —  the 
same  feminine  devotion  to  the  beloved  object,  the  same 
enthrallment  of  the  imagination  and  the  affections. 
But  as  I  have  much  less  genius  than  he,  so  I  have 
more  worldly  wisdom,  and  my  affections,  though  they 
tyrannize  over  me  completely,  rarely  betray  themselves 
to  the  observation  of  others."  This  reserve  is  very 
manifest  in  his  poetry  ;  the  personal  feeling  is  hidden 
for  the  most  part ;  even  when  the  subject  which  his 
art  chooses  lies  parallel  with  his  own  personal  history, 
one  is  aware  of  a  still  depth  which  does  not  disclose 
to  the  ordinary  observer  more  than  the  reflection  of 
sentiment.  The  three  poems  written  at  this  time 
were  written,  one  might  almost  say,  when  he  was  off 
his  guard.  In  the  glow  of  his  new  possession  he  wrote 
to  his  old  friend,  Mr.  Stoddard :  — 

Now  you  and  I  are  quits,  I  shall  no  longer  contrast  your 
household  happiness  with  mine,  and  sigh  for  what  I  find  want- 
ing. I,  too,  am  a  father.  Do  you  hear  —  a  father.  Pshaw,  as 
I  wrote  the  word  the  dumb  letters  don't  seem  to  mean  any- 
thing, and  yet  they  should  mean  the  unspeakably  blessed  fact 
that  I  have  a  child.  ...  I  look  at  the  little  thing  with  a  sort 
of  childish  delight  and  wonder,  and  continually  ask  myself  :  Is 
this  helpless  being  really  sprung  from  my  loins  ?  I  see  my 
own  brown  eyes  in  its  face,  my  hair  on  its  head,  my  "  three- 
cent-piece  of  a  mouth,"  and  wonder  how  much  of  my  soul  goes 
with   these  features.     It  is  ugly,  as  all  newly-born   babies  are, 


342  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

yet  to  me  it  is  as  divinely  beautiful  as  the  Child-Christ  of  Ra- 
phael. I  never  cared  for  such  fresh  existences  before  ;  but  now 
all  its  blind  motions,  shrill  cries,  and  semi-stupid  signs  of  won- 
derment at  finding  itself  in  the  world,  inspire  me  with  the  pro- 
foundest  interest.  I  now  know  what  the  tenderness  of  a  parent 
is.  .  .  . 

The  family  remained  at  Gotha  until  it  was  prudent 
to  travel  to  America.  During  the  interval  occurred 
the  three  hundredth  anniversary  of  the  University  of 
Jena,  which  Bayard  Taylor  attended  and  where  he  had 
the  pleasure  of  meeting  Fritz  Reuter.  He  wrote  an 
account  of  the  University  and  of  the  celebration,  which 
is  reprinted  in  the  first  series  of  "  At  Home  and 
Abroad."  On  the  1st  of  October  he  sailed  with  his 
family  from  Hamburg,  arrived  at  New  York  on  the 
20th,  and  four  days  later  they  were  at  the  old  home- 
stead in  Kennett  Square. 


V^r; 


CHAPTER  XV. 

1858-1860. 

THE   BUILDING   OF   CEDAECROFT. 

Careless  of  fate,  yet  with  a  central  strength 
I  knew  would  hold  his  life  in  equipoise, 
And  bent  Ms  wandering  energies,  at  length, 
To  the  smooth  orbit  of  serener  joys. 

The  Poet's  Journal. 

High  is  the  house  and  sunny  the  lawn  :  the  capes  of  the  woodlands, 
Bluff,  and  buttressed  with  many  boughs,  are  gates  to  the  distance 
Blue  with  hill  over  hill,  that  sink  as  the  pausing  of  music. 

Proem  (to  ''  Home  Pastorals.") 

The  journey  to  Greece  was  the  last  of  a  series  of 
travels  which  had  occupied  Bayard  Taylor's  mind  for 
fourteen  years.  He  was  conscious  that  he  had  satis- 
fied the  impulse  which  sent  him  out,  for  it  was  not  so 
much  a  craving  for  knowledge  of  the  world  as  it  was 
a  desire  to  place  himself  en  rapport  with  a  wide  range 
of  humanity  and  nature,  which  had  given  him  a  rest- 
lessness of  life.  With  the  decrease  of  interest  in  the 
mere  externals  of  travel  came  of  necessity  a  diminu- 
tion of  zeal  for  that  form  of  literature  which  consists 
mainly  in  description  and  the  quick  record  of  impres- 
sions. If  he  could  not  travel  to  write,  he  had  little 
care  to  travel  at  all,  for  expression  of  his  life  was  a 
necessity  to  his  nature. 

He  had,  moreover,  now  given  hostages  to  fortune, 
and  the  realization  of  his  dreams  of  domestic  life  lent 
a  new  force  to  his  old  passion  for  the  place  of  his 


344  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

childhood.  He  had  already,  when  in  Germany,  made 
plans  for  the  house  which  he  meant  to  build  upon  his 
estate,  and  he  now  threw  himself  with  ardor  into  the 
work  of  building.  For  two  years  and  more  all  his 
energy  was  devoted  to  earning  the  necessary  money 
and  carrying  out  the  plans  which  he  had  formed,  plans 
which  grew  and  grew  with  that  fatal  facility  which 
every  one  who  models  his  house  after  his  prototype  in 
Spain  knows  so  well. 

The  great  resource  always  open  to  him  was  lectur- 
ing. It  was  not  his  chosen  form  of  expression.  He 
never  deceived  himself  into  believing  that  he  had  the 
art  of  a  born  lecturer  ;  but  having  accepted  the  one 
available  method  for  turning  his  experience  into  gold, 
he  spared  no  pains  to  make  the  most  of  such  gifts  as 
he  had.  Thus  his  delivery  and  the  style  of  his  dis- 
course steadily  improved,  and  in  spite  of  the  many  an- 
noyances and  discomforts  of  the  life,  he  even  learned 
to  find  pleasure  in  addressing  an  audience.  In  this, 
however,  he  was  very  dependent  upon  the  audience, 
for  its  response  was  a  prime  necessity  to  his  ease  and 
enjoyment. 

He  effected  also,  after  his  return  to  America,  a 
change  in  his  business  relations  with  Mr.  Putnam. 
He  bought  the  stereotype  plates  of  his  works  and 
leased  them  to  Mr.  Putnam,  who  assumed  toward  him 
and  Washington  Irving  the  relation  of  agent.  This 
purchase  and  the  outlays  immediately  called  for  in  the 
construction  of  his  house  impelled  him  to  the  earliest 
possible  increase  of  his  resources,  and  as  soon  as 
ground  had  been  broken,  and  he  had  established  his 
family  for  the  winter  in  a  joint  occupation  with  Mr. 
Stoddard  and  his  family  of  a  house  in  Brooklyn,  he 
hurried  off  on  a  lecture  tour  which  kept  him  busily 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        345 

engaged  until  late  in  the  spring.  While  away  he 
amused  himself  one  night  with  sketching  his  expe- 
riences as  a  lecturer  in  a  rhymed  letter  to  Mr.  Stod- 
dard. 

RECREATIONS   OF  A   RAINY  DAY. 

Did  you  ever  hear  of  Niles,  my  boy  ? 

Did  you  ever  hear  of  Niles  ? 
Not  the  Congress  Register, 

Bound  in  bulky  files  — 
Not  where  Egypt's  river 

Spawns  the  crocodiles — 
Not  by  dykes  of  Holland, 

Or  Venetian  piles  — 
Not  where  Knox  and  Genin 

Sell  their  shiny  tiles  — 
Not  where  black  papooses 

Bask  in  tropic  isles  — 
But  away  in  Michigan, 

Many  hundred  miles 
From  your  Brooklyn  domicile, 

Here  I  am  in  Niles  ! 

Bain  is  falling,  pouring 

As  in  Noah's  time  ; 
Hardly  can  the  omnibus 

Stagger  thro'  the  slime  ; 
Driver  wrapped  in  oilcloth 

Takes  the  proffered  dime, 
As  we  reach  the  tavern  door 

Songs  begin  to  chime  : 
"  Will  you  have  your  dinner,  Sir  ?  " 

"  Yes,  I  will,  for  I  'm 
Hungry  as  a  catamount." 

"  Walk  in  —  just  in  time  !  " 

Now  I  light  the  exquisite 

Roll  of  Cuban  weed, 
Purchased  in  Chicago  — 

Dear  enough,  indeed  ! 


346  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Rollick  in  the  rocking  chair 

While  the  smoke  ascends, 
Think  on  wife  and  baby, 

And  on  you,  niy  friends  ! 
Comes  a  rapping,  tapping 

At  my  chamber  door, 
But,  unlike  Poe's  raven 

Crying  "  Evermore  !  " 
'T  is  the  new  Committee 

Any  one  can  tell, 
Come  to  see  the  lecturer  : 

"  Hope  you  're  very  well !  " 
"  How  d'  you  like  our  city  ?  " 

"  It 's  growing  mighty  fast." 
"  Where  d'  you  go  to-morrow  ?  " 

"  Where  'd  you  lecture  last  ?  " 

Finally  they  leave  me, 

I  'm  alone,  again, 
Watch  the  roaring,  pouring 

Equinoctial  rain, 
Swashing  down  the  gutters, 

Splashing  on  the  pane, 
Lounge  in  pleasant  indolence 

Resting  bones  and  brain  : 
When  again  a  rapping  — 

(Hope  you  will  not  laugh)  — » 
School-boy  with  an  album 

Wants  an  autograph  ! 
Next  a  solemn  gentleman, 

Unctuous  of  face  : 
"  What 's  your  real  opinion 

Of  the  human  race  ?  " 
Then  a  man  salacious, 

Libidinous  to  view  : 
"  Is  the  marriage  custom 

A  false  one  or  a  true  ?  " 
Then  a  grim  one,  smelling 

Of  the  sepulchre  : 
"  Sprinkling  or  immersion, 

Which  do  you  prefer  ?  " 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        347 

"  You  have  given  the  body 

Development  enough  : 
Don't  you  think  the  spirit 

Should  have  quantum  suff.  f  " 

Thicker  than  the  deluge 

Pouring  out-of-doors, 
Conies  a  ram  of  questions 

From  the  crowd  of  bores  ; 
"  Where  's  your  lady  staying  ?  " 

"  What 's  your  baby's  name  ?  " 
"  Do  you  find  Society 

Everywhere  the  same  ?  " 
"  Where  are  you  going  to  travel  ?  " 

"  What 's  your  future  plan  ?  " 
"  Do  you  think  you  '11  ever 

Be  a  settled  man  ?  " 
"  Ain't  you  now  the  greatest 

Traveler  alive  ?  " 
"  What 's  the  land  where  turnips 

Seem  the  best  to  thrive  ?  " 
"  Don't  you  suffer  awful 

From  the  heat  and  cold  ?  " 
"  So,  you  're  now  a  German 

Citizen,  I  'm  told  !  " 
"  What  might  be  your  birth-place  ?  " 

"  Where  d'  you  call  your  home  ?  " 
"  Can  you  stay  in  any  place  — 

You  're  so  used  to  roam  ?  " 

Would  I  were  in  Douglas  Street 

With  a  glass  of  beer  — 
Tears  upon  the  paper 

Leave  an  inky  smear, 
Oh,  I  want  to  see  you 

Oh,  I  want  to  be 
Where,  for  information, 

No  one  comes  to  me. 
I  'd  be  a  bloody  whaler 

Among  the  Kurile  Isles, 


348  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

A  tearing,  swearing  sailor 

Whom  the  Captain  riles, 
Anything  but  Taylor 

Lecturing  in  Niles  ! 

On  his  return  he  moved  with  the  Stoddards  to  New 
York,  and  went  again  to  the  distant  West  on  a  four 
weeks'  tour  of  lecturing. 

He  was  full  of  vigor.  The  great  burden  which  he 
had  assumed  only  stimulated  him  to  harder  work,  and 
he  entered  with  a  certain  athletic  joy  upon  the  task  of 
making  literature,  not  a  stick  or  a  crutch,  but  a  horse 
on  which  he  proposed  to  ride  hard  into  prosperity. 
He  felt  again  his  pulse  beat  quicker  at  the  thought  of 
poetry,  and  while  he  looked  forward  to  the  goal  to- 
ward which  he  was  speeding  as  one  when  honest  lei- 
sure should  wait  upon  his  poetic  mood,  he  could  not 
altogether  delay  for  that  consummation.  He  had  not 
been  gone  long  on  his  tour,  before  he  wrote  the  half- 
sad,  half -eager  poem,  "  The  Return  of  the  Goddess," 
which  stands  as  the  preface  to  "  The  Poet's  Journal," 
and  is  quite  as  significantly  the  preface  to  this  period 
of  his  life. 

When  the  summer  came  and  he  was  released  from 
the  labor  of  lecturing,  he  found  as  absorbing  an  occu- 
pation in  superintending  the  work  upon  his  house.  He 
removed  with,  his  family  to  the  old  homestead,  where 
he  could  watch  every  brick  and  stone  and  timber.  Nor 
did  he  wholly  intermit  his  literary  work.  He  had  ac- 
cepted a  liberal  offer  from  the  "  New  York  Mercury  " 
to  furnish  a  number  of  sketches  of  travel  for  that 
paper,  for  he  could  not  afford  to  disregard  any  oppor- 
tunity of  adding  to  his  income,  since  the  outgo  was 
unceasing.  He  was  also  at  work  on  his  "  Travels  in 
Greece  and   Russia"   for  Mr.  Putnam  and  upon  a 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        349 

revision  of  his  "  Cyclopaedia  "  for  Moore,  Wilstach  & 
Keys  of  Cincinnati.  Since  he  was  at  his  mother's, 
and  had  his  family  with  him,  he  wrote  but  few  letters. 
One  to  Mr.  Stoddard  gives  a  hint  of  his  bustling  life 
and  of  his  eager  interest  in  his  new  house. 

TO   R.   H.    STODDARD. 

Kennett,  June  9,  1859. 

.  .  .  We  are  all  well,  but  awfully  busy  aud  perplexed.  The 
house  and  the  Lord  knows  how  many  other  things  give  rne  no 
peace  by  day  or  night.  I  am  worried  by  a  hydraulic  ram 
which  won't  work  properly,  with  carpenters,  brick-makers,  brick- 
layers, stone-setters,  haulers,  et  id  omne  genus  diabolorum.  If  I  had 
no  "  Mercury,"  no  Putnam,  no  Moore  and  Company,  to  molest  me 
or  make  me  afraid,  I  should  rather  enjoy  this  other  worriment  — 
but  there  's  a  little  too  much  of  a  good  thing.  It  is  really  a 
Napoleonic  business  to  build  a  house.  Meanwhile,  the  walls  are 
slowly  going  up.  Some  of  the  door  and  window  frames  are  in 
position,  and  the  corners  have  reached  the  height  of  three  stone 
blocks.  To-day  we  placed  the  great  corner-stone  of  the  tower, 
with  all  due  ceremony.  Under  it  is  a  box  of  zinc,  containing  a 
copy  of  "  Views  Afoot,"  an  original  poem  by  me,  to  be  read  five 
hundred  years  hence  by  somebody  who  never  heard  of  me,  a 
"  Tribune,"  some  coins,  a  poem  by  R.  H.  S.  in  his  own  MS.,  and 
various  small  things.  All  of  us  —  even  Lily  —  contributed  a 
trowel-full  of  mortar.  I  broke  the  neck  of  a  bottle  on  the  stone, 
poured  a  libation  to  all  good  Lares  and  Penates,  and  then  gave 
the  workmen  cake  and  ale.  The  great  arched  window  in  the 
south  front  is  raised  to  its  place,  and  you  never  saw  a  lovelier 
summer  picture  than  it  inframes.  God  willing,  I  shall  have  the 
walls  done  by  September  1st,  but,  O  Lord  !  what  a  job  ! 

Write  soon  —  I  can't  say  more,  for  I  must  work  for  the 
"  Mercury "  this  afternoon,  besides  attending  to  my  hydraulic 
ram,  which  fleeces  me  of  my  gold  —  so  it  may  be  called  the  ram 
with  the  golden  fleece.  .  .  . 

Before  the  summer  was  over,  Bayard  Taylor  re- 
ceived an  invitation  from  a  literary  society  in  San 
Francisco  to  lecture.  He  took  the  opportunity  to 
make  a  three  months'  lecturing  tour  through  Califor- 


350  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

nia,  and  it  was  one  of  the  most  interesting  experiences 
of  his  life,  he  used  to  say,  to  find  beautiful  cities 
where  ten  years  before  he  bad  slept  on  the  bare 
ground  in  a  wilderness.  He  took  his  wife  with  him 
and  traveled  through  the  whole  extent  of  the  gold  re- 
gions. He  had  been  persuaded  that  he  should  clear 
five  thousand  dollars  by  the  tour,  and  that  made  it 
worth  his  while  to  go,  but  he  was  obliged  to  content 
himself  with  a  less  complete  success. 

TO   GEORGE   H.   BOKER. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  July  29, 1859. 

...  I  have  been  immensely  busy  this  week,  have  written  six  one 
hundred  dollar  articles  for  the  "Mercury,"  besides  superintend- 
ing the  building  of  my  house  since  Monday  morning.  My  head 
is  beginning  to  whirl  with  this  accumulation  of  labor,  but  in 
another  week  I  shall  enjoy  the  repose  of  the  sea.  If  you  hear  a 
new  tone  in  that  corner  of  the  Gulf  Stream  which  laps  the  beach 
of  Newport,  ten  days  hence,  you  will  know  where  it  comes  from. 
I  wish  I  could  have  a  week  on  the  rocks  there  with  you,  and  the 
MSS.  to  read  and  discuss. 

Have  you  seen  Tennyson's  book  ?  The  extracts  in  the  papers 
promise  unusually  well.  .  .  . 

TO   HIS   FATHER. 
v  San  Francisco,  September  4,  1859. 

...  I  have  at  last  got  fairly  started  with  my  lectures.  They 
are  fully  as  successful  as  I  could  expect,  and  will  be  still  more  so 
after  the  7th,  which  is  election  day.  I  had  a  thousand  persons 
at  my  first  lecture  here,  and  received  two  hundred  dollars  at  San 
Jose,  although  there  was  not  time  to  give  general  notice.  The 
people  seem  well  satisfied,  the  papers  speak  well  of  me,  and  so 
the  commencement  promises  a  successful  campaign.  I  go  to 
Sacramento  to-morrow,  and  lecture  here  again  on  Friday.  I 
have  four  lectures  this  week  and  six  next.  All  my  time  is  now 
taken  up  until  the  26th  of  this  month.  .  .  . 

It  is  astonishing  how  the  country  has  improved.  Everywhere 
there  are  splendid  roads,  villages,  lines  of  stages,  and  fenced 
and  cultivated  farms.     The  fruit  and  vegetables  are  the  finest  in 


THE  BUILDING   OF   CEDARCROFT.        851 

the  world.  Apples  are  raised  weiglring  three  pounds  apiece, 
pears  four  pounds,  beets  fifty  pounds,  and  pumpkins  two  hun- 
dred and  sixty  pounds.  We  have  seen  bunches  of  grapes  two 
feet  and  a  half  long  and  eighteen  inches  wide.  I  have  never 
lived  so  well  before.  Everything  is  the  best  of  its  kind.  We 
are  both  as  stout  and  hearty  as  we  can  be.  .  .  . 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Sacramento,  September  18,  1859. 

We  have  been  three  weeks  in  California  to-day,  and  the  time 
has  passed  on  the  whole  rapidly  and  pleasantly.  I  have  fin- 
ished my  engagements  in  San  Francisco,  and  shall  this  week  be 
occupied  with  Sacramento  and  Maryvsille.  I  have  given  twelve 
lectures  in  all,  but  six  or  seven  of  them  were  in  small  places 
around  San  Francisco,  merely  to  fill  up  the  time,  and  did  not 
average  over  eighty  or  ninety  dollars  apiece.  I  am  now  free  to 
make  my  own  arrangements  for  this  place  and  the  mining  towns, 
and  expect  to  do  as  well  as  I  anticipated,  if  not  better.  There 
are  so  many  more  towns,  however,  than  I  supposed,  and  I  have 
so  many  more  chances  of  lecturing,  that  I  have  decided  to  re- 
main two  weeks  longer  than  I  had  intended.  .  .  . 

We  have  received  much  politeness  and  hospitality  from  the 
people,  and  our  stay  is  as  pleasant  as  it  can  well  be,  so  far  from 
home,  but  we  are  very  anxious  for  the  absence  to  be  over.  I 
wish  I  could  see  how  my  house  is  coming  on.  I  hope  it  is  under 
roof  by  this  time.  .  .  . 

TO   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

Sacramento,  Cal.,  October  3, 1859. 

...  I  am  not  so  well  remunerated  in  the  interior  towns  as  I 
anticipated,  but  am  working  hard  to  make  up  for  the  deficiency. 
On  the  whole,  the  trip  will  pay  tolerably,  not  splendidly.  I 
travel  fifty  miles  a  day  in  torrid  heat  and  infernal  dust,  and  lec- 
ture in  the  evening  to  a  lot  of  miners  who  go  out  every  fifteen 
minutes  to  take  drinks,  and  then  come  back  again.  Sich  is 
fame  ! 

Lord  !  how  I  want  to  get  home  again  !  More  now  than  ever; 
seventeen  days  more,  and  then  we  embark.  We  have  been  over 
the  awfullest  mountains  you  ever  heard  of,  down  into  gold  mines, 
and  everywhere  else.  I  have  traveled  seventy-five  miles  to-day 
in  killing  dust,  and  must  to  bed,  as  I  go  sixty  to-morrow  and  lee- 


352  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

ture  afterwards.     Talk  of  my  getting  rich  !     I  earn  every  cent 
twice  over.  .  .  . 

Placerville,  Cal,.,  October  4.  evening. 

...  I  came  hither  f rorn  Sacramento  to-day  —  another  day  of 
fierce  heat  and  awful,  blinding,  choking  dust.  I  have  ten  days 
more  of  such  work  in  the  mountaius,  and  then  to  San  Francisco 
and  home.  I  shan't  make  as  much  as  I  expected,  but  don't  re- 
pent coming.  I  may  clear  four  thousand  dollars  by  the  trip,  but 
that  is  yet  uncertain.  I  have  only  made  twenty-seven  hundred 
dollars  over  expenses  as  yet,  and  worked  devilish  hard.  I  am 
disgusted  with  the  process  of  getting  up  lectures  myself  in  the 
mining  towns.  It 's  a  terribly  shabby,  nasty  business,  and  humil- 
iates me  immensely.  Nevertheless,  I  don't  wear  away  in  flesh 
any,  but  am  burnt  brown  and  whole,  though  bruised  with  many 
jolts.  M.  is  very  well,  quite  robust,  and  can  stand  much  fa- 
tigue. The  other  day  she  rode  twenty  miles  on  horseback,  at  a 
stretch,  in  the  heat  and  dust.  We  are  going  to  the  big  trees  on 
Sunday  next. 

My  lectures  in  San  Francisco  were  a  splendid  success,  and  I 
am  going  to  give  two  more  there  ;  but  in  Sacramento  and  Ma- 
'/  rysville,  where  I  had  counted  high,  they  turned  out  very  in- 
differently. We  have  had  many  funny  adventures.  The  other 
day  we  two,  with  driver  and  guide,  were  taken  for  a  quartette 
club,  and  invited  to  stop  and  give  a  concert  ! 

The  California  experience  had  its  rough  side,  and 
the  letters  written  en  route  naturally  reflected  this, 
but  Bayard  Taylor  was  greatly  impressed  by  the  vital- 
ity and  promise  of  the  State,  and  his  enthusiasm  found 
voice  in  the  poem  "  On  Leaving  California,"  annexed 
to  "  The  Poet's  Journal,"  beginning  :  — 

O  fair  young  land,  the  youngest,  fairest  far 

Of  which  our  world  can  boast,  — 
Whose  guardian  planet,  Evening's  silver  star, 

Illumes  thy  golden  coast,  — 

How  art  thou  conquered,  tamed  in  all  the  pride 

Of  savage  beauty  still  ! 
How  brought,  O  panther  of  the  splendid  hide, 

To  know  thy  master's  will  ! 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        353 

During  his  absence  he  wrote  also  a  series  of  letters 
which  were  afterward  collected  in  the  second  series  of 
"  At  Home  and  Abroad,"  under  the  title  "  New  Pic- 
tures from  California,"  and  beneath  all  the  glowing 
description  of  material  prosperity  runs  a  current  of 
*  thought  reflecting  the  real  power  of  the  country,  which 
finds  clear  expression  in  the  closing  words  :  "  For  my- 
self, in  breathing  an  air  sweeter  than  that  which  first 
caught  the  honeyed  words  of  Plato  —  in  looking  upon 
lovelier  vales  than  those  of  Tempe  and  the  Eurotas  — 
in  wandering  through  a  land  whose  sentinel  peak  of 
Shasta  far  overtops  the  Olympian  throne  of  Jupiter  — 
I  could  not  but  feel  that  nature  must  be  false  to  her 
promise,  or  man  is  not  the  splendid  creature  he  once 
was,  if  the  Art  and  Literature  and  Philosophy  of  An- 
cient Greece  are  not  one  day  rivaled  on  this  last  of 
inhabited  shores !  " 

It  was  the  middle  of  November  when  Bayard  Tay- 
lor and  his  wife  returned  to  the  east.  The  volume  of 
"  Travels  in  Greece  and  Russia,  with  an  Excursion 
to  Crete,"  had  already  appeared,  and  seven  thousand 
copies  had  at  once  been  sold.  The  first  series  of  "  At 
Home  and  Abroad,  a  Sketch-Book  of  Life,  Scenery, 
and  Men,"  also  appeared  this  season,  containing  a  col- 
lection of  the  various  sketches  and  letters  which  he 
had  been  contributing  to  journals,  and  which  coidd  not 
be  included  in  the  continuous  narratives  already  pub- 
lished. After  removing  his  family  and  household  gods 
to  Thirteenth  Street  in  New  York,  where  the  Stod- 
dards  were  again  associated  in  occupation,  he  resumed 
his  lecture  engagements.  He  has  said,  in  summing 
up  his  California  experience :  "  On  the  whole,  the 
business  of  lecturing  left  the  impression  of  ennui  and 
uselessness  to  myself,  if  I  subtracted  the  mere  gain  in 

vol.  i.  23 


354  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

money.  In  America  the  lecturer  is  more  or  less  of  a 
v  teacher,  and  his  work  is  therefore  important,  but  I 
never  considered  it  my  particular  calling."  This  im- 
pression was  no  doubt  the  result  largely  of  the  con- 
tinuous strain  which  an  unceasing  campaign  laid  upon 
him,  especially  since  he  was  compelled  to  take  charge 
of  the  business  of  his  course.  At  the  east,  when  his 
lecturing  fell  into  an  established  routine,  and  he  was 
able  to  make  his  circuit  pass  occasionally  through  his 
home  in  New  York,  he  was  less  oppressed  by  the  work. 
Of  the  life  in  New  York  Mr.  Stoddard  has  written 
pleasantly  in  his  "  Atlantic  "  paper :  — 

"  Our  home  was  frequented  by  artists,  by  men  of 
letters,  and  by  poets.  We  were  a  nest  of  singing  birds, 
as  Dr.  Johnson  told  Mistress  Hannah  More,  when 
he  showed  her  his  old  rooms  in  Pembroke  College. 
We  made  much  of  Christmas,  which  we  kept  as  the 
poet's  wife  had  been  accustomed  to  see  it  kept  in  her 
German  fatherland.  .  .  .  We  invited  a  young  poet 
[Mr.  Aldrich]  to  spend  a  Christmas  Eve  with  us,  and 
showered  upon  him  all  sorts  of  musical  instruments : 
drums,  trumpets,  fiddles,  fifes,  penny-whistles,  jews'- 
harps,  —  everything,  in  short,  that  would  indicate  his 
devotion  to  the  Muse.  We  made  more  of  our  Christ- 
mas Eves  than  of  all  other  nights  in  the  year." 

The  winter  of  1860,  full  as  it  was  of  travel  and 
work,  was  also  one  of  anticipation,  for  the  house  at 
Cedarcroft  was  approaching  completion,  and  with  the 
house  finished,  and  his  dream  realized  of  a  substantial 
footing,  the  poet  looked  forward  eagerly  to  his  cher- 
ished vocation. 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        355 


TO   GEORGE   H.    BOKER. 

Scranton,  Pa.,  February  27,  1860. 

Do  you  remember  promising  to  inquire  for  me  in  regard  to 
oak  and  black  -  walnut  mantelpieces  ?  I  had  quite  forgotten 
about  it  until  a  note  from  my  carpenter  reminds  me  that  it 
must  be  attended  to.  I  therefore  inclose  a  very  rough  draft, 
merely  to  give  an  idea  of  dimensions  :  I  want  the  mantels  mas- 
sive rather  than  ornamental,  though  a  little  ornament  is  desira- 
ble. Please  ascertain  the  probable  cost,  as  well  as  the  time 
when  they  could  be  ready,  and  let  me  know. 

I  am  sorry  I  was  unable  to  be  home  ten  days  ago  when  you 
were  there.  I  hope  you  had  a  pleasant  visit.  I  want  our  New 
York  society  to  be  as  attractive  to  you  as  possible,  that  you  may 
not  give  up  your  idea  of  becoming  one  of  us.  I  was  at  home 
last  Saturday  ;  there  were  about  fifty,  but  not  all  of  them  to  my 
taste,  and  I  longed  for  the  more  choice  company  of  the  previous 
week.  .  .  . 

I  am  drawing  near  the  end  of  my  lectures,  God  be  praised  ! 
When  the  end  comes,  I  shall  have  given  two  hundred  and  seventy 
in  the  space  of  eighteen  months  !  My  house,  however,  is  paid 
for,  though  it  costs  815,000,  and  all  the  stereotype  plates  of  my 
works  are  paid  for  (85,000  more),  and  so  I  feel  rather  proud  of 
my  labors.  All  my  "  Mercury  "  and  other  engagements  are  fin- 
ished (that  is,  the  work  is  done)  and  I  have  now  six  months  for 
poetry.     Congratulate  me  ! .  .  . 

Greene,  N.  Y.,  Saturday,  March  17,  1860. 

After  various  consultations  and  calculations,  I  have  decided 
to  take  the  mantel,  and  therefore  send  back  the  design.  Will 
you  please  order  it  for  me  —  of  best  seasoned  oak.  I  wish  but 
a  single  panel  as  keystone,  and  on  it,  instead  of  a  "  T  ",  the  old 
coat  of  arms  of  the  Taylor  family,  which  I  will  send  when  I 
reach  New  York.  It  is  simple  —  a  lion  rampant,  holding  a  scal- 
lop-shell in  his  paws,  and  three  of  the  same  shells  on  the  shield. 
This,  I  think,  will  look  better  than  an  initial  letter.  I  presume 
the  whole  thing  can  be  done  in  three  or  four  weeks  :  I  want  it  in 
about  a  month  from  now.  I  have  not  yet  decided  about  the 
others.  There  are  two  more  up-stairs,  but  I  will  wait  a  while,  as 
they  can  be  put  up  any  time. 

I  am  gradually  getting  through  with  my  work,  having  only  seven- 


356  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

teen  lectures  more.  I  promise  you  I  shall  do  no  labor  of  any  kind 
from  the  1st  of  May  to  the  1st  of  October,  except  to  clear  my 
brain  of  the  confused  mass  of  poems  which  are  swimming  there. 

You  ask  me  how  I  keep  my  youth.  I  scarcely  know,  except 
by  preserving  my  sympathies  for  others.  For  the  last  three  or 
four  years  I  have  been  gradually  growing  younger,  and  intend  to 
be  no  older  when  my  hair  is  white.  My  married  life  is  very 
happy  ;  my  friends  are  faithful  ;  my  struggle  with  the  world 
is  pretty  much  over  (and  even  while  it  lasted,  I  was  always  care- 
ful not  to  become  soured  by  it).  In  fact,  I  have  adopted  a 
cheerful  philosophy,  which  bears  me  lightly  over  all  unpleasant 
experiences. 

.  .  .  Ah,  what  other  hearts  were  ours,  when  we  first  met !  Do 
you  remember  those  days,  those  dreams  ?  In  spite  of  my  will,  I 
am  older  than  then  —  but,  thank  God  !  not  colder. 

I  look  upon  your  visit  to  Kennett  as  certain.  But  meantime 
I  shall  see  you  in  New  York.  Sinner  that  I  am,  I  don't  know 
when  Easter  week  comes,  but  I  '11  find  out.  I  inclose  you  one 
brick  *  from  my  clay-bed. 

New  York,  April  6,  1860. 

I  have  just  returned,  and  find  your  letter.  I  inclose  the  coat 
of  arms,  which,  I  presume,  can  be  readily  cut.  The  ermine  marks 
may  be  omitted,  if  need  be.  I  simply  want  the  thing  waxed  and 
oiled,  not  polished.  I  believe  nothing  further  is  requisite.  I 
shall  be  home  a  part  of  next  week,  and  shall  therefore  see  you. 

I  have  written  two  short  poems  lately  —  the  first  waves  of  the 
coming  freshet. 

TO   R.   H.    STODDARD. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  May  10,  1860. 
.  .  .  We  reached  home  a  week  ago,  all  right,  and  just  in  time  to 
avoid  the  heavenly  hot  weather.  The  growth  of  vegetation  since 
we  came  is  magical.  The  woods  are  all  in  leaf  already.  The 
house  goes  on  slowly  ;  the  carpenter  work  lags,  but  we  have 
done  something  at  clearing  away  rubbish,  sodding,  and  making 
the  surroundings  fair  to  look  upon.  I  have  shoveled  dirt  until 
I  am  as  stiff  as  a  rail.  .  .  . 

I  have  accomplished  nothing  in  the  way  of  writing,  except  to 
begin  a  new  poem,  "  The  Quaker  Widow,"  which  popped  into 
my  head  the  other  day.     I  '11  send  it  to  you  when  it 's  done.  .  .  . 
1  The  poem,  "  The  Return  of  the  Goddess." 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        357 

Kennett,  May  14,  1860. 

I  send  you  my  "  Quaker  Widow,"  which  you  may  offer  to 
"  Harper's  Monthly,"  —  fifty  dollars.  I  want  the  money,  and  I 
think  it 's  a  suhject  which  will  suit  them.  Dramatically,  the  poem 
is  as  true  as  it  can  he,  —  full  of  Quaker  expressions  from  begin- 
ning  to  end,  and  that  is  ahout  all  I  aimed  at.  The  tiling  has  n't 
..been  done  before,  not  even  by  Whittier  or  B.  Barton. 

I  am  beginning  a  prose  article,  and  shall  try  to  write  another 
"  pome  "  this  week.  We  shall  be  in  New  York  about  a  week 
from  to-morrow.  All  are  well  here.  The  awful  rains  hinder 
my  out-door  work  very  much,  but  inside  it  goes  on.  All  up- 
stairs will  be  finished  and  furnished  this  week.  M.  and  I  are 
going  to  Philadelphia  to-morrow  to  buy  furniture.  We  have 
just  one  hundred  dollars  left.  Write  to  me  soon.  Best  remem- 
brances to  Stedman  from  both  of  us.     The  country  is  seraphical. 

Thus  poetry,  prose,  and  house-building  went  on  to- 
gether, and  the  poet,  quick  with  new  themes  and  glad 
at  the  freshet  of  song  which  was  rising,  strained  every 
nerve  to  meet  the  demands  made  upon  him  by  his  ven- 
ture, and  by  the  many  nameless  complications  of  his 
home  affairs.  "  The  Quaker  Widow  "  was  an  essay  in 
a  new  direction  and  the  forerunner  of  the  ballads 
which  he  afterward  wrote  in  the  same  vein  and  which 
are  among  the  most  popular  of  his  poems.  His  house 
at  last  was  finished,  and  at  the  end  of  May  he  estab- 
lished himself  in  it,  and  in  the  spirit  with  which  he 
had  conceived  the  whole  enterprise,  transferred  his  fa- 
ther and  mother  and  two  sisters  to  his  hospitable  and 
roomy  home,  making  of  it  the  family  hall. 

In  a  series  of  papers,  from  which  we  have  already 
quoted,  "  A  Country  Home  in  America,"  *  Bayard 
Taylor  sketched  the  history  of  Cedarcroft  from  the 
first  reminiscence  of  the  old  estate  to  the  day  when 
he  had  been  the  comfortable  occupant  for  eighteen 
months.     He  wove  into  the  narrative  his  experience 

1  At  Home  and  Abroad,  Second  Series. 


358  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

in  building,  the  plans  he  formed,  the  mistakes  he 
made  ;  but  it  is  with  the  completed  house  that  we  are 
now  concerned,  and  from  the  sketch  a  few  paragraphs 
may  be  taken  which  afford  a  modest  view  from  the 
owner's  sight. 

"  When  I  came  to  think,  seriously,  upon  the  plan  of 
a  house,  which  was  to  be  built  up  with  no  imaginary 
mortar,  but  bond  fide  lime  and  sand,  I  found  that  the 
true  plan  was  already  there,  perhaps  unconsciously 
suggested  by  the  expectant  trees.  It  must  be  large 
and  stately,  simple  in  its  forms,  without  much  orna- 
ment—  in  fact,  expressive  of  strength  and  perma- 
nence. The  old  halls  and  manor  houses  of  England 
are  the  best  models  for  such  a  structure,  but  a  lighter 
and  more  cheerful  aspect  is  required  by  our  southern 
summer  and  brighter  sky.  There  must  be  large  win- 
dows, and  spacious  verandas  for  shade  and  air  in  sum- 
mer, steep  roofs  to  shed  the  rain  and  winter  snow,  and 
thick  walls  to  keep  out  our  two  extremes  of  heat  and 
cold.  Furthermore,  there  must  be  a  tower,  large 
enough  for  use  as  well  as  ornament,  yet  not  so  tall  as 
to  belittle  the  main  building. 

"  Thus  much  being  settled,  the  next  step  was  to  plan 
the  interior  arrangements  that  they  should  correspond 
to  the  external  forms.  The  true  way  to  build  a  house 
is  to  determine  even  the  minutest  details  before  com- 
mencing the  work.  In  any  case,  the  interior  is  of  par- 
amount importance,  and  it  is  better  to  get  the  rooms, 
staircases,  closets,  doors,  and  windows  rightly  arranged 
at  first,  and  then  inclose  them  with  the  external  wall, 
than  the  reverse.  .  .  .  The  soul  of  a  house,  after  all, 
which  is  its  character  as  a  home,  is  of  more  importance 
than  the  body.   .  .  . 

"After  much  deliberation  I  decided  upon   brick, 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        359 

with  stone  quoins.  The  clay  (from  one  of  the  fields 
on  the  place),  to  my  great  satisfaction,  had  a  pale, 
purplish  tinge  when  burned,  instead  of  the  usual  glar- 
ing red,  and  harmonized  admirably  with  the  bluish- 
gray  granite  of  the  corners.  There  was  such  an  abun- 
dance of  it  that  I  felt  entirely  free  to  carry  out  my 
ideas  with  regard  to  strength  and  durability.  I  there- 
fore fixed  the  thickness  of  the  walls  at  two  feet,  in- 
cluding a  hollow  chamber  of  an  inch  and  a  half,  and 
the  thickness  of  the  inner  partition  walls  (which  were 
also  of  brick)  at  one  foot.  The  latter,  besides  being 
fire-proof  and  almost  impervious  to  sound,  proved  to 
be  as  cheap  in  the  end  as  studs  and  laths.  The  result 
has  satisfied  me  that  no  house  can  be  truly  comforta- 
ble unless  the  walls  are  thick,  with  a  hollow  chamber, 
or  at  least  furred  on  the  inside.  The  latter  plan,  how- 
ever, does  not  always  insure  complete  dryness.  On 
the  other  hand,  I  have  heard  of  one  brick  wall  of  thir- 
teen inches  which  proved  to  be  quite  dry  ;  but  in  this 
case  the  mortar  was  of  the  best  quality.  The  addi- 
tional thickness  of  the  wall  would  be  paid  for  in  a  few 
years  by  the  saving  in  fuel,  in  many  parts  of  the  coun- 
try. 

"  For  the  finishing  of  the  rooms  there  is  nothing 
equal  to  the  native  wood,  simply  oiled  to  develop  the 
beauty  of  the  grain.  Even  the  commonest  pine, 
treated  in  this  way,  has  a  warmth  and  lustre  beside 
which  the  dreary  white  paint,  so  common  even  in  the 
best  houses,  looks  dull  and  dead.  Nothing  gives  a 
house  such  a  cold,  uncomfortable  air  as  white  paint 
and  white  plaster.  This  color  is  fit  only  for  the  trop- 
ics. .  .  .  Two  verandas  of  yellow  pine,  treated  to  two 
coats  of  boiled  oil,  have  a  richness  and  beauty  of  color 
beyond  the  reach  of  pigments;  and  my  only  regret 


360  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

connected  with  the  house  is,  that  I  was  persuaded  by 
the  representations  of  mechanics  to  use  any  paint  at 
all. 

"  There  is  another  external  feature  which  the  bril- 
liancy of  our  sunshine  not  only  suggests  but  demands. 
Relief  is  an  absolute  requirement.  Most  houses  should 
have  not  only  a  cornice  proportioned  to  their  dimen- 
sions and  in  keeping  with  their  character,  but  string- 
pieces  between  the  stories,  and  window-caps  and  sills 
projecting  sufficiently  to  cast  a  shade.  I  found  also 
that  an  excellent  effect  could  be  obtained,  without  ad- 
ditional expense,  by  setting  the  windows  and  doors  in 
raised  panels  of  brickwork  projecting  two  or  three 
inches  from  the  face  of  the  wall.  For  the  string- 
pieces,  a  simple  row  of  dentils,  formed  by  setting  out 
alternate  bricks,  can  be  made  by  the  most  ordinary 
workman.  Design,  not  cost,  is  the  only  difference  be- 
tween a  fine  house  and  a  poor  one.  .  .  . 

"  Let  me  give  one  more  hint,  derived  from  my  ex- 
perience, to  those  who  may  be  contemplating  a  little 
private  architecture.  Get  all  the  estimates  from  the 
various  mechanics,  add  them  together,  and  increase 
the  sum  total  by  fifty  per  cent.,  as  the  probable  cost 
of  your  undertaking ;  but  do  not  say  what  the  real 
cost  is  until  everything  is  finished.  Then  you  will 
know.  Even  the  estimates  of  the  most  experienced 
workmen,  I  have  found,  are  not  to  be  depended  upon. 
It  is  the  little  ills  of  life  that  wear  us  out,  and  it  is 
likewise  the  little  expenses  that  empty  our  purses. 

"  However,  let  me  content  myself  that  another 
requisition  of  the  Italian  proverb  is  fulfilled,  —  that 
the  house  is  built,  and  likely  to  stand  for  two  or  three 
centuries,  when,  in  all  probability,  the  inscribed  stone 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.        361 

over  its  portal l  will  be  the  only  memorial  of  the  name 
of  its  builder.  That,  however,  does  not  concern  me. 
While  I  live,  I  trust  I  shall  have  my  trees,  my  peace- 
ful, idyllic  landscape,  my  free  country  life  at  least  half 
the  year ;  and  while  I  possess  so  much,  with  the  ties 
put  of  which  all  this  has  grown,  I  shall  own  one  hun- 
dred thousand  shares  in  the  Bank  of  Contentment, 
and  consider  that  I  hold  a  second  Mortgage  Bond  on 
the  Railroad  to  the  Celestial  City." 

From  these  passages,  one  may  form  some  notion  of 
the  house  into  which  Bayard  Taylor  had  built  his 
dreams.  But  the  house,  after  all,  was  only  a  part  of 
his  castle.  He  always  thought  of  the  building  only 
as  a  necessary  portion  of  a  larger  whole.  To  own 
broad  acres,  to  set  his  house  in  the  midst  of  them,  and 
to  make  it  blend  with  chestnuts  and  oaks,  —  this  was 
his  more  generous  desire.  That  liberal  love  of  nature 
which  drew  him  back  to  Kennett  made  it  necessary 
for  him  that  his  fields  should  be  as  varied  as  his  house 
was  capacious ;  it  was  not  the  arrogance  of  ownership, 
but  the  delight  of  an  expansive  home  which  moved 
him,  and  thus  he  took  an  unending  delight  in  seeing 
the  boundaries  of  the  place  extend,  and  in  watching 
the  growth  of  all  the  forms  that  surrounded  him.  He 
wished  to  have  the  whole  place  expressive  of  his  nature. 

In  another  series  of  papers  written  in  18G9  for 
"  Hearth  and  Home,"  a  weekly  journal  edited  by  his 
friend,  Donald  G.  Mitchell,  he  rehearsed  his  experi- 
ences in  house-building,  and  added  a  paper  which  gave 
him  an  opportunity  at  once  to  set  forth  his  views  of 
landscape-gardening  and  to  use  for  illustration  a  sketch 
of  his  own  grounds  at  Cedarcroft. 

1  The  stone  over  the  portal  of  Cedarcroft  bore  the  inscription,  "Bayard 
Marie  Taylor,  1859,  "  in  accordance  with  an  old  style  prevailing  in  that 
neighborhood. 


362  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

"  I  have  always  looked,"  lie  says,  "  upon  the  art  of 
landscape-gardening,  in  its  best  sense,  as  being  to  na- 
ture what  a  refined  civilization  is  to  man.  It  should 
aim  to  develop  and  make  attractive,  not  to  conceal  or 
change  the  individuality  of  scenery.  Nature,  indeed, 
seems  to  second  all  efforts  in  the  former  direction  even 
as  she  resists  arbitrary  intermeddling  with  her  habits. 
In  the  way  of  cultivation,  contrast,  and  careful  finish, 
not  a  great  deal  can  be  done  in  this  country  without 
ample  means ;  but  there  are  two  things  which  cost 
very  little,  and  upon  which  the  first  effect  of  home 
scenery  depends  —  to  spare  and  to  relieve. 

"  The  first  I  claim  to  have  done,  and  the  second  I 
hope  gradually  to  accomplish.  This  is  about  the  ex- 
tent of  my  landscape-gardening.  In  the  present  rough 
condition  of  my  grounds,  I  feel,  and  like  to  feel,  that 
whatever  of  beauty  they  may  possess  was  already  there 
when  they  first  became  my  property,  betraying  itself 
through  the  disguises  of  long  neglect.  The  wood  of 
old  oaks  had  hardly  been  touched  by  the  axe ;  where 
once  a  hedge  had  inclosed  a  lane  leading  to  where  the 
fallen  house  had  stood,  a  row  of  locust,  sassafras,  and 
tulip  trees  had  sprung  up  and  grown  undisturbed  for 
fifty  years,  while  the  natural  lawn  between  had  been 
appropriated  by  hundreds  of  cedars.  Although  mul- 
leins, briers,  and  sedge-grass  had  taken  possession  of 
the  exhausted  soil,  and  the  aspect  of  the  place  was 
waste  and  desolate,  much  resembling  that  of  a  worn-out 
Virginia  plantation,  its  fine  and  stately  features  could 
not  be  concealed. 

"  My  first  step  was  to  cut  away  the  awkward  and 
stunted  cedars  from  the  future  lawn,  leaving  all  the 
best  specimens,  singly  or  in  groups,  as  they  grew.  The 
soil  was  cleared  of  bushes  and  briers,  and  ploughed 


THE  BUILDING   OF   CEDARCROFT.        363 

and  cultivated  for  a  year  or  two  before  being  sown 
with  grass-seed.  The  cultivation,  however,  is  not  yet 
deep  enough  for  a  good,  persistent  turf,  and  some 
under-drainage  is  required ;  so  that  the  work  must  be 
done  over  again,  and  more  thoroughly,  before  I  can 
hope  for  a  smooth,  even  green. 

"  The  lines  of  the  garden-terraces  [in  the  plan] 
show  the  direction  of  the  ridge  upon  which  the  house 
is  built.  It  strikes  the  public  road  (which  runs  due 
north  and  south)  at  an  angle  of  about  thirty  degrees, 
giving  the  lawn  a  southeastern  slope,  falling  eight 
hundred  and  fifty  feet  in  the  distance  of  a  furlong. 
Looking  down  it  from  the  house,  there  is  the  old 
forest  on  the  left,  the  line  of  trees,  overgrown  and 
tangled  together  with  wild  grape  and  ivy,  on  the  right, 
the  point  of  the  wood  at  the  bottom  of  the  lawn  in 
front,  and  over  its  edge  and  between  it  and  the  grove 
of  yellow  pine,  a  look-out  into  the  country,  bounded 
by  some  hills  five  or  six  miles  away.  Other  glimpses 
to  the  west  and  southward  open  between  the  trees. 
The  ground  falls  to  the  north,  but  a  wood  of  several 
acres  keeps  off  the  wind,  and  beyond  it  there  is  a 
parallel  ridge  fifty  feet  higher  than  that  on  which  the 
house  is  built. 

"  The  place  seems  well  adapted  for  the  cultivation 
of  fruit,  being  elevated  enough  to  escape  the  first  and 
last  frosts,  yet  tolerably  protected ;  and,  accordingly, 
all  the  best  ground  (except  the  lawn)  has  been  given 
up  to  vines  and  fruit  trees.  Even  in  the  orchards, 
however,  I  have  allowed  a  number  of  fine  large  cedars 
to  stand,  for  a  triple  reason  —  they  are  beautiful ;  they 
protect  the  tender  varieties  of  trees ;  they  help  to  feed 
birds  through  the  winter.  You  will  see  that  the  ce- 
dars, the  pines,   and  the  grand  old  deciduous  trees 


364  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

already  furnish  very  delightful  contrasts  of  form  and 
color.  To  increase  these  contrasts  was  not  difficult. 
A  purple  beech  or  two,  to  show  against  the  oaks ;  a 
birch  in  front  of  a  darker  mass  of  cedar ;  the  great 
arms  and  needles  of  the  Austrian  pine  beside  the  light, 
delicate  plumage  of  the  latter ;  the  large-leaved  mag- 
nolia (macrophylla)  to  add  richness ;  a  larch  or  South- 
ern cypress  for  its  tender  vernal  green  —  and  fine  ef- 
fects were  already  produced  with  slight  means.  They 
are  only  semi-effects  as  yet,  but  they  improve  from 
year  to  year. 

"Near  the  northwestern  corner  of  the  house,  and 
not  far  from  the  garden,  there  is  a  small  group  of 
black-walnut  and  locust  trees,  which  gives  us  the  near- 
est shade  in  summer.  No  large  trees  are  planted 
nearer  than  the  lowest  terrace  in  front.  Westward,  a 
hundred  yards  distant,  there  are  two  enormous  chest- 
nut-trees, which  surpass  in  dimensions  any  I  have 
seen  in  this  country.  One  of  the  trunks  is  twenty- 
seven  feet  in  circumference,  the  other  twenty-four  feet ! 
I  presume  they  are  not  less  than  three  or  four  hun- 
dred years  old.  Although  some  of  the  main  boughs 
are  dead,  and  they  suffered  severely  by  our  New  Year's 
sleet,  I  hope,  by  putting  fresh  earth  about  the  trunks, 
to  secure  to  them  what  life  they  still  have. 

"  I  know  of  nothing  else  that  seems  to  me  worthy 
of  report.  My  place  still  shows,  in  various  ways,  the 
marks  of  old  neglect,  and  I  do  not  commend  it  to  the 
reader  as  notable  for  anything  but  the  beauty  of  cer- 
tain natural  features.  During  the  eight  years  which 
have  passed  since  the  house  was  built,  I  have  only  been 
able  to  spend  four  summers  at  home ;  and,  moreover, 
I  have  only  devoted  to  the  grounds  what  little  labor  or 
means  could  be  spared  from  farm,  orchard,  and  gar- 


THE  BUILDING   OF  CEDARCROFT.         365 

den.  There  is  still  a  great  deal  to  be  done ;  bnt  this 
is  one  of  the  charms  of  a  country  home  —  that  it  never 
is,  or  can  be,  finished  —  that  it  continually  changes 
with  seasons  and  the  years." 


CHAPTER  XVI. 

THE  POET'S   JOURNAL. 

1860-1862. 

As  a  man  that  walks  in  the  mist, 

As  one  that  gropes  for  the  morning 

Through  lengthening  chambers  of  twilight, 

The  souls  of  the  poems  wander 

Restless,  and  dumb,  and  lost, 

Till  the  Word,  like  a  beam  of  morning, 

Shivers  the  pregnant  silence, 

And  the  light  of  speech  descends 

Like  a  tongue  of  the  Pentecost ! 

The  Sunshine  of  the  Gods. 

The  time  had  come  when,  to  all  external  appear- 
ance, the  poet  had  accomplished  his  preliminary  pur- 
pose. He  had  built  himself  a  stately  pleasure-house, 
he  was  in  the  midst  of  his  own  broad  acres,  and  now 
he  might  realize  the  other  part  of  his  dream  and  write 
the  poems  which  had  been  postponed  for  this  circum- 
stance. It  must  be  confessed  that  most  who  have  put 
off  the  Muse  to  a  more  convenient  season  have  found 
themselves  unvisited  when  the  hour  named  had  fairly 
struck ;  for  there  is  something  paralyzing  in  such  prep- 
arations and  anticipations,  and  the  willing  poet  even 
has  been  forced  to  admit  that  poetry  cannot  safely  be 
made  to  wait. 

But  Bayard  Taylor's  devotion  was  too  genuine  to  be 
the  sport  of  an  inconstant  Muse,  and  scarcely  had  the 
sound  of  hammer  ceased,  before  he  was  in  his  library 
or  under  his  trees,  writing  eagerly  at  poems  which 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  367 

shaped  themselves  into  a  series  of  lyrical  suggestions 
of  a  narrative  whole.  "  I  am  in  a  fury  of  writing," 
he  wrote  to  a  friend  when  in  the  midst  of  his  scheme, 
"  and  cannot  stop,  —  cannot  do  or  think  of  anything 
else."  All  through  the  month  of  June  the  songs  flew 
iroin  his  mind  like  birds  set  free  from  a  cage,  and  in 
that  month  he  wrote  almost  the  entire  lyrical  portion 
of  "  The  Poet's  Journal." 

The  freedom  of  mind  which  he  enjoyed,  the  power 
thus  to  determine  his  own  production,  was  not  the 
mere  rebound  from  a  long  tension  of  less  enjoyable 
work,  although  something  was  due  to  his  sense  of 
escape.  It  had  in  it  an  element  of  resolution  and  the 
subjection  of  crowding  care,  for  the  release  upon  the 
completion  of  Cedarcroft  was  more  apparent  than  real. 
Work  as  hard  as  he  would,  the  house  had  come  out 
ahead  in  the  race,  and  he  was  in  debt,  involved,  in  spite 
of  his  stringent  economy,  and  from  causes  which  did 
honor  to  his  generous  nature,  in  liabilities  which  tugged 
at  his  mind  and  called  upon  him  to  give,  give. 

For  all  that,  he  had  so  buoyant  a  nature  and  was  so 
heartily  glad .  of  the  opportunity  to  show  hospitality 
that  he  threw  open  his  doors  and  eagerly  welcomed 
friends  far  and  near  to  share  his  pleasure.  He  entered 
upon  a  real  possession  of  his  domain,  for  he  drew  from 
the  soil  an  abundant  harvest,  not  only  of  material 
things,  but  of  whatever  fed  the  eye  and  ear  and  heart 
of  man.  He  planted  fruit  trees,  he  made  gardens, 
and  seized  upon  every  vista  in  his  woods  and  every 
view  from  his  hill-tops  as  a  part  of  his  unfailing  do- 
main. One  of  his  greatest  pleasures  was  in  entertain- 
ing through  the  summer  his  friends,  the  Bufiebs,  who 
came  from  Germany  to  visit  him  and  his  wife.  In 
August  there  was   a  merry  house-warming,  and  we 


368  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

recur  to  Mr.  Stoddard's  reminiscences  for  a  sketch  of 
one  of  the  incidents :  — 

"  Bayard  Taylor  finished  his  country  house,  Cedar- 
croft,  in  the  summer  of  1860,  and  gave  his  friends  and 
neighbors  a  house-warming  such  as  was  never  before 
known  in  Pennsylvania.  Our  families  were  together 
as  in  New  York,  and  we,  their  lords  and  masters,  re- 
solved to  surprise  them,  and  ourselves,  by  writing  a 
play.  We  went  into  a  quiet  room,  and  sketched  out 
a  trifle  with  which  we  hoped  to  amuse  the  expected 
visitors.  There  was  but  one  room  in  which  it  could 
be  acted,  and  as  scenery  was  not  practicable,  we  man- 
aged to  have  the  action  take  place  in  the  parlor  of 
a  hotel  which  we  named  the  '  Effervescing  House,'  and 
located  at  Saratoga.  We  studied  our  company,  and 
settled  upon  the  number  we  thought  we  could  depend 
upon,  and  upon  the  parts  which  would  be  likely  to 
suffer  least  at  their  hands ;  then  we  set  to  work,  and 
wrote  as  rapidly  as  our  pens  would  travel  over  the 
paper,  and  when  our  company  was  letter  perfect  in 
the  text  and  in  their  stage  directions,  we  went  to  an 
old  disused  printing-office  in  Kennett,  and  set  up  the 
bill  of  the  performance,  with  flaming  head-lines :  — 

CEDARCROFT  THEATRE! 
GREAT  ATTRACTION! 

SATURDAY,    AUGUST  18,   1860, 

WILL  BE   PRESENTED   FOR   THE   FIRST   TIME   A 

NEW  COMEDY 

In  One  Act,  entitled 

LOVE    AT   A   HOTEL! 

By  the  World-Renowned  Dramatic  Authors, 

Mr.  B.  T.  Cedarcroft  and  Mr.  R.  H.  S.  Customhouse. 


THE   POET'S  JOURNAL.  369 

This  was  followed  by  the  dramatis  persona', :  Mr. 
Charles  Augustus  Montmorency,  a  fast  young-  gentle- 
man without  any  visible  means  of  support ;  Captain 
Morton  Price,  U.  S.  A. ;  Mr.  A.  Binks,  proprietor  of 
the  Effervescing  House ;  Barney  O'Brien,  porter ; 
Miss  Araminta  Delaporte,  a  sentimental  old  maid  of 
French  descent,  with  a  nervous  dread  of  bugs,  mice, 
etc. ;  Miss  Julia  Grindle,  her  niece ;  and  Mehitable 
Jones,  of  Squam  Neck,  chambermaid.  The  'comedy' 
was  a  great  success,  and  deserved  to  be  (before  a  coun- 
try audience),  for  there  was  not  an  original  scene,  situ- 
ation, thought,  or  word  in  it.  It  had  been  played  so 
many  times  before  in  one  form  or  another,  that  it 
could  not  well  have  failed  now;  and  it  did  not  fail. 
We  amused  our  audience  in  the  acting,  as  we  had 
amused  ourselves  in  the  writing,  and  we  parted  on  the 
best  of  terms." 1 

It  was  a  delight  to  Bayard  Taylor  to  write  "  The 
Poet's  Journal ; "  he  was  satisfying  the  demands  of 
his  nature  by  such  work  ;  but  he  knew  very  well  that 
it  was  not  poetry  which  built  Cedarcroft  or  could  meet 
the  incessant  demands  on  his  purse,  and  he  wrote  dili- 
gently for  the  periodicals,  as  well  as  prepared  a  new 
lecture  for  the  coming  season.  The  great  Presidential 
election  of  1860  was  drawing  near  and  casting  its 
shadow  before,  on  all  occupations,  making  publishers 
cautious  and  disturbing  all  serenity  of  thought.  Bay- 
ard Taylor  took  a  strong  interest  in  the  event,  and  pre- 
sided at  a  great  mass  meeting  of  Republicans  held 
upon  the  historic  field  of  the  Brandywine.  He  said 
with  earnestness  :  "  It  is  a  national,  not  a  party  strug- 
gle in  which  we  are  engaged  ;  for  the  question  whether 

1  "  Reminiscences  of  Bavard  Taylor,"  The  Atlantic  Monthly,  February, 
1879. 

vol.  i.  24 


370  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

our  national  policy  shall  or  shall  not  be  based  upon 
the  recognition  of  the  natural  rights  of  man  —  upon 
the  rights  of  labor,  the  untrammeled  freedom  of 
thought  and  speech  —  upon  those  principles,  in  fact,  on 
which  the  progress  of  the  race  depends  — concerns  not 
merely  a  party,  but  all  mankind." 

His  plans  included  the  publication  of  "  The  Poet's 
Journal"  in  the  fall,  the  preparation  of  articles  for 
"  The  Independent "  and  the  monthly  magazines,  and 
the  translation  of  a  new  work  by  Gustav  Freytag 
which  had  greatly  interested  him. 

to  james  t.  fields. 

Cedarcroft,  near  Kennett  Square,  Chester  Co.,  Pa., 

August  22,  1860. 

I  have  been  thinking  of  what  you  said  with  regard  to  the  pub- 
lication of  my  poems.  It  would  certainly  be  advisable  to  delay 
them  till  the  election  is  over  ;  but  after  that  event,  as  you  know, 
there  is  always  a  complete  lull  in  politics  —  a  reaction,  in  fact, 
and  the  close  of  November,  therefore,  strikes  me  as  a  favorable 
time.  I  am  going  to  Germany  in  April  next,  and  have  decided 
to  publish  the  poems  before  I  leave,  so  I  must  choose  between 
November  and  March.  Rudd  and  Carleton  are  anxious  to  publish 
the  book,  but  of  course  I  shall  have  no  negotiations  with  them, 
unless  it  is  impossible  for  you  to  bring  it  out.  Pray  let  me  know 
what  you  think  of  it.  I  am  fully  resolved  to  publish  the  book 
before  my  departure  for  Europe,  as  it  closes  an  epoch  in  my 
literary  life  which  I  wish  to  leave  behind  me. 

I  have  been  reading  Freytag's  "  Pictures  of  Life  in  Germany 
during  the  last  Four  Hundred  Years  "  with  great  interest.  Frey- 
tag is,  you  may  know,  the  author  of  "  Debit  and  Credit."  These 
pictures  are  taken  from  authentic  manuscripts,  mostly  autobio- 
graphical, and  have  an  interest  beyond  any  historical  work.  The 
"  Thirty  Years'  War,"  related  by  the  actors  therein  ;  the  Em- 
peror Charles  V.,  Martin  Luther,  Melancthon,  and  other  dis- 
tinguished men  described  by  those  who  saw  them  ;  life  at  the 
watering-places,  at  the  feudal  castles  ;  courtship  and  marriage, 
etc.,  are  some  of  the  themes  illustrated.  .  They  extend  over  a 
period  of  four  hundred  years.     I  should  like  nothing  better  than 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  371 

to  translate  this  work,  if  there  were  a  likelihood  that  it  would 
prove  as  interesting  in  English  as  it  is  in  German.  It  is  a  thing 
I  could  do  in  two  months,  with  hard  work.  It  will  make  the 
two  volumes  of  four  hundred  pages  each.  I  propose  it  to  you 
first  ;  think  of  it  and  let  me  know  your  decision.  Harpers  pub- 
lished "  Debit  and  Credit,"  which  is  the  most  successful  German 
^novel  of  this  century.     I  know  the  author  personally. 

We  are  living  here  quietly  in  our  country  home.  Mrs.  Stod- 
dard is  with  us.  We  had  a  comedy  last  week,  in  which  she  and 
Mrs.  T.  performed  with  success.  It  was  an  original  production, 
written  by  Stoddard  and  myself.  We  have  the  loveliest  country 
neighborhood  in  the  United  States,  though  I  say  it  that  should  n't. 
When  you  come  on  to  attend  the  September  trade  sales,  be  sure 
and  give  us  a  day  or  two.  Please  let  me  have  your  decision  on 
both  points  soon. 

September  22,  1860. 

I  have  purposely  delayed  writing  until  I  could  fix  a  time  when 
the  MSS.  will  be  ready.  I  have  been  immensely  busy,  at  work 
which  must  be  first  done  because  it  wdl  pay  first.  (This  over- 
running one's  estimates  $5,000  in  building  a  house  is  not  quite 
the  thing,  and  hence  I  am  laboring  under  temporary  poverty.) 
I  shall  go  on  to  New  York  on  the  2d  of  October,  taking  the 
MSS.  with  me,  and  will  thence  dispatch  them  to  you  by  express. 
Can  they  not  be  all  in  type  by  election  day,  so  that  I  can  read 
the  proofs  before  starting  on  my  winter  tour  ?  I  really  think  the 
times  are  not  altogether  unpropitious.  My  name  is  still  well  be- 
fore the  public,  and  my  other  books  sell  encouragingly.  I  shall 
call  the  volume  "  The  Poet's  Journal,"  —  "  only  that  and  nothing 
more,"  —  and  you  may  announce  it  whenever  you  think  best, 
saying  that  its  contents  are  almost  entirely  new. 

"  Icarus,"  in  the  October  "  Atlantic,"  is  mine,  and  I  am  just 
sending  a  prose  story  of  very  curious  complexion  to  the  same 
journal.  Pray  read  my  "  Quaker  Widow  "  in  "  Harper  "  for  Oc- 
tober.    It  will  come  in  the  volume  also. 

Between  preparing  my  poems,  my  new  lecture,  short  articles 
for  "  The  Independent,"  political  speeches,  etc.,  I  am  over  head 
and  ears  in  work.  But  my  stature  does  not  diminish.  I  still  weigh 
two  hundred  pounds.  My  -wife  sends  kindest  regards  to  you  and 
yours,  in  which  I  join.  Our  German  friends  sailed  on  the  15th, 
unhappy  at  being  obUged  to  return. 


372  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Cedarcroft  is  lovelier  than  ever.  The  sunset  lights  on  my 
lawn  are  the  most  beautiful  in  the  world. 

Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  October  15,  1860. 

I  have  ready  thirty-eight  pages  of  proof  ;  the  work  goes 
bravely  on.  It  reads  better  in  print  than  in  MS.,  which  encour- 
ages me.     The  type  is  delicious. 

I  have  just  received  a  letter  from  Lowell,  accepting  the  prose 
article.  Pray  don't  mention  the  author's  name.  I  want  it  to  be 
thought  a  bond  fide  confession,  and  was  very  careful  to  give  it 
that  character.  I  think  it  will  attract  attention.  Now  comes 
the  brunt  of  my  letter.  Button  up  your  pockets  and  listen  !  I 
should  like  to  be  paid  for  turning  state's  evidence  before  said 
evidence  is  published.  It  is  contrary  to  your  custom,  I  know, 
but  I  presume  this  deviation  will  not  affect  you  seriously,  while 
to  me  it  would  be  a  real  favor,  seeing  that  certain  notes  of  mine 
have  to  be  paid  in  a  fortnight.  I  am  paying  the  penalty  of  my 
ambition  for  building,  you  see.  Fortunately  the  house  is  done, 
and  I  see  the  end  of  expense  at  last. 

I  have  a  few  lectures  between  now  and  election  day,  but  will 
forward  the  proof  with  as  little  delay  as  possible.  I  write  this 
before  my  own  hickory  fire,  with  my  wife  (who  greets  you)  as 
vis-a-vis.     My  Lar  salutes  your  Lar. 

The  prose  article  referred  to  in  the  last  letter  was 
"  The  Confessions  of  a  Medium,"  which  was  afterward 
reprinted  in  the  second  series  of  "At  Home  and 
Abroad."  Mr.  Lowell,  in  accepting  the  sketch,  says, 
"You  have  dotted  out  with  great  nicety  the  waving 
boundary-line  that  divides  self-deception  from  humbug 
- — me-cheating  from  ^Aee-cheating."  The  publishers  ad- 
vised against  bringing  out  "  The  Poet's  Journal "  until 
the  spring,  or  at  any  rate  until  the  Southern  excitement 
consequent  upon  the  election  of  Mr.  Lincoln  should 
be  allayed.  Lecturing  was  resumed,  but  though  the 
season  was  quite  as  favorable  as  usual,  the  lecturer, 
moving  about  the  country,  was  able  to  form  an  im- 
pression of  the  undercurrent  of  political  thought  which 
was  stirring  the  people.     Bayard  Taylor's  unconcealed 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  373 

views  and  his  connection  with  the  "  Tribune  "  ren- 
dered him  an  object  of  suspicion  to  many.  Mr.  Curtis 
had  been  mobbed  when  speaking-  in  Philadelphia, 
and  Bayard  Taylor,  lecturing  immediately  afterward 
in  Brooklyn,  took  up  the  cudgels  for  his  friend  and 
"brought  hisses  down  upon  himself  —  a  novel  experi- 
ence to  him.  He  himself  lectured  the  next  week  in 
Philadelphia,  with  a  posse  of  policemen  on  the  plat- 
form. He  gave  vent  to  his  patriotic  indignation  over 
the  proclamation  for  a  fast  by  the  President,  who 
was  throwing  down  the  reins,  in  a  spirited  ballad, 
"  Prayer-Meeting  in  a  Storm,"  which  he  published  in 
the  "  Tribune."  The  good  ship  Constitution  had  been 
caught  in  a  storm,  and  the  captain,  who  doubts  if 
he  can  weather  Hatteras,  makes  the  temporizing  pro- 
posal :  — 

The  wind  on  the  one  side  blows  me  off, 

The  current  sets  me  shoreward  : 
I  '11  just  lay  to  between  them  both 

And  seem  to  be  going  forward. 

When  everything  is  ready  to  go  by  the  board,  and  tars 
and  mates  and  passengers  are  all  growling,  the  cap- 
tain cries :  — 

"  Pipe  all  hands  to  the  quarter-deck, 
And  we  '11  save  her  by  Devotion  !  " 

The  first  mate  hurled  his  trumpet  down  ; 
The  old  tars  cursed  together 

To  see  the  good  ship  helpless  roll 
At  the  sport  of  wave  and  weather. 

The  tattered  sails  are  all  a-back, 
Yards  crack  and  masts  are  started  ; 

And  the  captain  weeps  and  says  his  prayers, 
Till  the  hull  be  midships  parted  ; 


374  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

But  God  is  on  the  steersman's  side  — 

The  crew  are  in  revolution  : 
The  wave  that  washes  the  captain  off 

Will  save  the  Constitution  ! 

One  of  the  incidents  of  this  exciting  time  which 
furnished  fuel  for  the  flames  that  were  burning  North 
and  South  was  a  correspondence  between  the  chairman 
of  a  lecture  committee  in  a  Southern  city  and  Bayard 
Taylor.  The  chairman  wrote  to  revoke  an  invitation 
to  lecture,  and  succeeded  in  supplying  a  series  of  rea- 
sons which  were  admirable  targets  for  return  shots. 
The  letters  were  printed  and  commented  on  widely, 
and  formed  a  part  of  that  furious  discharge  of  literary 
musketry  which  was  kept  up  throughout  the  winter 
before  the  attack  on  Sumter. 

Perhaps  the  intensity  of  feeling  with  regard  to 
America  had  something  to  do  with  the  carrying  into 
execution  a  plan  which  he  had  long  in  his  mind  of 
writing  a  novel  of  American  life,  material  for  which 
he  had  had  abundant  opportunities  for  gathering  in  his 
varied  travels  in  his  own  country.  He  had  already 
tried  his  hand  at  some  short  stories  and  sketches,  but 
his  mental  habit  required  a  good  long  steady  flight. 
It  was  a  pleasure  to  him  when  he  could  weave  his 
lyrics  even  into  a  larger  plan.  His  travels,  the  light- 
est kind  of  his  writing,  had  involved  continuity,  and 
thus  when  he  came  to  the  composition  of  fiction,  he 
was  dissatisfied  with  anything  less  than  a  fully  con- 
structed and  elaborated  novel.  Besides,  he  was  full  of 
intellectual  vigor,  and  since  he  was  cut  off  from  the 
subjects  which  his  long  travels  had  heretofore  afforded 
him,  he  needed  a  new  field.  None  offered  better 
promise  to  him  than  the  novel,  and  he  sketched  in  his 
mind  "  Hannah  Thurston,"  which  he  began  in  mid- 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  375 

winter,  1861.  He  enjoyed  greatly  the  new  sensation 
in  literature,  and  he  had  the  incentive  which  was  still 
goading  him  into  relentless  activity.  He  saw  the  day- 
light of  freedom  from  debt  just  ahead  of  him.  To 
his  buoyant,  hopeful  nature,  the  edge  of  the  forest 
through  which  he  was  making  his  way  was  that  streak 
of  light  which  struck  through  the  trees  and  quickened 
his  footsteps.  Moreover,  he  had  laid  his  plans  to  take 
his  wife  to  her  German  home  for  the  summer,  and  he 
wished  to  leave  everything  clear  behind  him. 

In  the  spring  of  1861  Bayard  Taylor  decided  to 
give  up  the  attempt  to  keep  house  in  New  York  as 
well  as  in  the  country.  Accordingly  he  moved  all  his 
possessions  to  Cedarcroft,  intending  to  make  that  his 
permanent  home,  and  to  spend  a  short  winter  only  in 
the  city.  He  hoisted  the  American  flag  from  the 
tower  of  his  house  and  professed  to  enjoy  all  the  dig- 
nity of  a  landed  proprietor.  "  The  house  looks  already 
quite  baronial,  with  its  new  splendor,"  he  writes  to  a 
friend.  "We  have  fowls,  a  pig,  two  peacocks,  and  one 
rabbit.  But  I  long  for  spring.  If  the  weather  were 
but  warmer  or  brighter  I  should  pluck  up  a  little  cour- 
age." He  owned  to  an  aversion  to  writing  and  a  gen- 
eral disquiet.  He  was  writing  in  the  lull  before  the 
storm.     Ten  days  later  all  was  changed. 

TO   R.  H.  STODDARD. 

Cedarcroft,  Sunday,  April  21,  1861. 
Everything  here  is  upside  down.  We  live  almost  in  a  state 
of  siege,  with  the  rumors  of  war  flying  about  us.  At  present 
we  don't  know  what  is  going  on.  We  have  reckless  secessionists 
within  twelve  miles  of  us.  Everybody  is  arming.  The  women 
are  at  work  night  and  day,  making  clothes  for  the  volunteers. 
Fred  has  raised  sixty  riflemen,  and  goes  off  in  two  days.  The 
people  of  Kennett  have  contributed  four  thousand  dollars  to 
equip  them.     All  the  young  Quakers  have  enlisted.     The  ex- 


376  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

citement  and  anxiety  is  really  terrible.  "We  are  so  near  the 
frontier  that  if  the  damnable  Maryland  traitors  are  not  checked 
within  three  days  we  may  have  to  meet  them  here.  I  never 
knew  anything  like  the  feeling  —  earnest,  desperate,  sublime  — 
which  the  people  exhibit.  There  are  no  parties  any  more.  All 
are  brothers,  drawn  together  by  the  common  danger.  Chester 
County  will  furnish  one  thousand  men,  and  dangerous  men  to 
meet.  Of  course  we  can't  think  of  going  to  Europe  now,  nor 
until  this  immediate  crisis  is  over.  The  danger  is  too  near  and 
too  great.  Our  departure  is  postponed  until  some  decisive  ac- 
tion occurs.  I  cannot  leave  home  now,  though  I  want  to  go 
to  New  York  to  raise  money.  I  shall  have  to  sell  one  share  of 
Tribune  stock  immediately,  to  pay  Fred's   pressing   debts   and 

let  him  go.     C L has  enlisted,  W C ,  G 's 

boys  ;  everybody  that  can  be  spared,  in  fact.  The  old  men  are 
forming  a  home  guard  for  the  defense  of  their  households. 

I  never  had  such  a  day  as  last  Thursday  in  Washington.  I 
had  a  private  interview  with  Lincoln,  which  was  very  satisfac- 
tory. I  passed  through  Baltimore  just  before  the  attack  on  the 
Massachusetts  men,  —  four  hours  only.  Wilmington  is  loyal,  I 
think  ;  the  news  to-day  is  favorable,  but  we  live  from  hour  to 
hour  in  a  state  of  terrible  excitement.  Show  this  letter  to  Put- 
nam immediately  (I  have  no  time  to  write  to  him),  and  let  me 
ask  him  in  this  way  immediately  to  send  me  a  check  for  one 
hundred  dollars,  or  fifty  dollars,  or  twenty-five  dollars,  any  sum 
he  can  spare,  to  buy  arms.  We  are  unarmed  ;  that  is  our  great 
danger.  Just  let  him  read  this,  as  if  written  to  him.  Go  to  his 
house  ;  if  you  don't  find  him  at  home,  tell  Fiske  my  situation. 
I  will  send  him  a  letter  as  soon  as  I  can.  Seward  was  not  to  be 
seen  when  I  was  in  Washington,  and  Sumner  had  just  left.  We 
are  courageous  here,  and  full  of  hope  for  the  final  result,  but 
the  next  few  days  will  decide  our  fate.  I  will  write  again  soon. 
God  and  Liberty  ! 

Tuesday,  April  23. 

We  are  fast  getting  armed  and  organized  here.  An  armed 
band  of  traitors  has  been  within  thirty-seven  miles  of  us.  We 
have  night  patrols  (mine  armed  with  my  African  swords  and 
spears,  in  default  of  better  weapons),  and  are  preparing  to  de- 
fend our  homes.  Cedarcroft  will  make  a  good  castle.  I  was 
out  scouting  yesterday,  and  I  make  patriotic  addresses  (extem- 
poraneous) every  night.     To-day  I  am  going  into  Delaware  to 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  377 

stir  them  up.  The  people  here  have  acted  splendidly,  —  the 
women  are  heroes.  Old  Quaker  women  see  their  sons  go,  with- 
out a  tear.  One  of  my  aunts  yesterday  was  lamenting  that  her 
only  boy  was  not  old  enough  to  fight.  Money  is  poured  out  like 
water.  All  the  old  arms  are  hauled  out  and  put  in  order,  and 
ploughshares  are  beaten  into  swords.  Yesterday  we  heard  heavy 
cannon,  probably  at  Baltimore.  My  brother  W.  is  still  there, 
and  we  can't  hear  a  word  from  him.  Mother  is  a  model  of 
courage  and  patriotism.  She  is  as  cheerful  as  ever.  We  feel 
more  safe  now  than  on  Sunday,  but  we  are  still  not  beyond 
danger. 

I  still  hope  that  I  shall  be  able  to  go  to  New  York  on  Thurs- 
day. I  shall  come  back  as  soon  as  possible,  however,  for  an  im- 
portant reverse  of  the  national  arms  would  very  soon  bring  the 
enemy  here.  God  bless  New  York  !  The  country  will  be 
saved  at  last,  but  these  days  in  which  we  live  are  very  mo- 
mentous. 

Write  to  me  as  often  as  you  can.  Don't  be  alarmed,  for  in 
two  or  three  days  more  we  shall  be  so  armed  and  organized  as  to 
be  safe  against  surprise,  at  least.  Love  to  L.  and  W.  from  all 
of  us.     The  country  is  lovely. 

To  appreciate  the  excitement  under  which  Bayard 
Taylor  labored,  one  must  remember  that  in  those  days, 
when  there  seemed  to  be  scarcely  any  orderly  action 
on  the  part  of  the  government,  and  the  people  were 
rising-  in  a  very  grand  but  also  in  a  helter-skelter 
fashion,  Chester  County  was  sufficiently  near  the  de- 
batable ground  and  so  strongly  marked  by  its  anti- 
slavery  character  as  to  give  its  inhabitants  a  very  vivid 
sense  of  the  reality  of  war.  Bayard  Taylor  threw 
himself  into  the  movement,  and  when  his  brother 
Frederick  volunteered,  sold  a  share  in  the  "  Tribune  " 
and  devoted  a  thousand  dollars  of  the  proceeds  as 
his  contribution  to  the  needs  of  the  country.  He  had 
postponed  the  journey  to  Germany,  but  finally  decided 
to  carry  out  his  original  plan. 


378  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


TO   JAMES   T.   FIELDS. 
Cedaeceoft,  Kennett  Squaee,  Pa.,  May  13,  1861. 

Being  in  New  York  three  or  four  days  ago,  I  found  the  pack- 
age at  the  Tribune  office,  where  it  had  doubtless  been  lying 
for  some  time.  ...  I  have  carefully  read  the  proofs  [of  "  The 
Poet's  Journal "],  and  find  five  easily  corrected  errors,  a  note  of 
which  I  inclose. 

I  am  delighted  with  the  appearance  of  the  book,  and  will  "  pos- 
sess my  soul  in  patience  "  till  the  fitting  time  comes  for  its  ap- 
pearance. 

Our  visit  to  Germany,  which  was  postponed,  has  been  again 
determined  upon,  and  we  shall  sail  on  Saturday,  the  18th,  in  the 
City  of  Baltimore.  We  shall  make  but  a  short  stay,  however. 
I  should  not  go  at  all,  were  it  not  for  the  fact  that  our  passage 
was  secured  some  time  ago,  and  preparations  made  for  us  at 
Gotha.  I  can  now  go  with  an  assured  heart,  feeling  that  all  is 
safe  for  the  present,  and  that  the  principal  operations  will  not 
take  place  till  fall.  We  expect  to  be  home  again  early  in  Au- 
gust. .  .  . 

In  addition  to  his  wife  and  child,  Bayard  Taylor 
took  his  mother  with  him,  and  after  a  two  days'  stay 
in  London  went  to  Gotha. 

TO  JAMES  T.   FIELDS. 

Gotha,  June  15,  1861. 

Even  at  this  distance  you  are  not  safe  from  me.  My  wife 
wishes  very  much  to  get  a  copy  of  the  "  Confessions  of  a  Me- 
dium "  and  the  "  Haunted  Shanty,"  for  translation  and  insertion 
in  a  German  periodical. 

If  you  could  take  the  two  articles,  and  split  the  numbers  of 
the  "  Atlantic  "  so  as  to  make  but  one,  the  postage  would  not  be 
enormous.  If  the  third  article,  "  Experiences  of  the  A.  C," 
should  be  in  type,  perhaps  you  could  include  it  also.  M.  thinks 
the  articles  will  be  very  striking  and  curious  to  German  read- 
ers. Thackeray,  the  other  day,  told  me  that  he  was  completely 
taken  in  by  my  "  Confessions." 

We  had  a  rapid  and  delightful  voyage  across  the  Atlantic. 
I  spent  two  days  in  London,  but  saw  no  man  of  note  except 
Thackeray,  who  was  very  kind  and  very  jolly.     We  found  our 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  379 

German  relatives  in  good  condition,  and  are  pleasantly  domiciled 
here  for  two  months.  To-morrow  I  shall  leave  for  a  pedestrian 
trip  of  ten  days  in  the  Franconian  Mountains,  taking  Coburg  on 
the  way,  where  the  old  poet  Riickert  lives. 

Every  post  from  America  hrings  more  and  more  cheering 
news.  The  deepest  interest  is  felt  here  ;  in  fact,  I  find  more 
genuine  sympathy  and  a  more  intelligent  understanding  of  our 
troubles  here  than  in  England.  I  hold  up  my  head  more  proudly 
than  ever.     But  it  is  hard  to  be  away  at  such  a  time. 

After  his  return  from  his  trip  among  the  Fran- 
conian Mountains,  Bayard  Taylor  established  himself 
and  family,  on  the  first  day  of  July,  at  Friedrichroda, 
in  the  Thiiringian  Forest,  where  they  remained  a 
month.  He  filled  the  time  with  active  literary  work, 
writing  at  once  his  letters  to  the  "  Tribune,"  a  paper 
for  "  Harper's  Magazine,"  "  A  Walk  through  the 
Franconian  Switzerland,"  and  for  "  The  Independent " 
a  series  of  ten  papers  on  "  A  Home  in  the  Thiiringian 
Forest,"  both  of  which  were  reprinted  in  the  second 
series  of  "At  Home  and  Abroad."  He  included  in  the 
sketches  of  their  life  at  Friedrichroda  an  account  of 
an  interesting  interview  which  he  had  with  the  reign- 
ing Duke  of  Saxe-Coburg-Gotha,  who  took  a  gracious 
interest  in  him  and  his  writings.  The  whole  expe- 
rience of  German  country  life  both  confirmed  his 
former  familiarity  with  the  people  and  gave  him  new 
insight  into  a  nationality  in  which  he  became  almost 
a  son  by  adoption. 

Another  visit  at  Gotha,  and  the  four  sailed  from 
Hamburg  for  New  York  August  24th.  They  went  im- 
mediately to  Cedarcroft,  where  Bayard  Taylor  busied 
himself  with  writing,  among  other  things,  war  songs 
to  German  melodies,  and  in  preparing  a  paper  on 
Hebel,  the  German  Burns.  He  visited  Washington 
also,  but  found  his   greatest  pleasure  in  the  life  at 


380  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Cedarcroft,  which  took  on  a  rich  glow  as  the  autumn 
changed  the  colors  of  earth  and  sky. 

TO   MRS.    K.    H.    STODDARD. 

Cedarcroft,  Ociober  14,  1861. 
There  's  a  deluge  of  pure  golden  light  streaming  through  the 
western  window  of  my  library,  not  a  cloud  in  the  sky  nor  a 
breath  o'  wind  among  the  trees  (four  p.  M.),  and  I  wish  you  were 
here  to  enjoy  the  exquisite  autumnal  quiet.  M.  and  I  have  just 
picked  three  barrels  of  apples  from  our  trees,  and  expect  to  have 
cider  in  a  few  days.  Mother  has  made  about  five  gallons  of  good 
Catawba  wine.  We  have  also  gathered  half  a  bushel  of  chest- 
nuts, a  cart-load  of  black  walnuts,  some  filberts  and  hickory-nuts 
besides,  and  have  twelve  water-melons  in  the  cellar.  The  toma- 
toes and  Lima  beans  are  inexhaustible.  A  salt  mackerel  costs  six 
cents,  herrings  still  less,  potatoes  abound,  coffee  is  bad,  and  the 
last  ice  of  the  season  has  just  been  consumed.  But  on  the  whole 
we  live  comfortably,  and  with  astonishing  cheapness.  We  can 
get  up  a  meal  for  six  persons  for  about  twenty-five  cents.  As 
for  the  house,  it  is  our  great  consolation.  We  have  superb  rooms, 
books  and  pictures,  nice  beds  (M.'s  linen,  you  know,  is  of  the 
best),  Ben  and  the  buggy,  Jack  as  watch-dog,  a  bottle  of  wine 
(Bufleb's  present)  for  birthdays,  and  three  daily  papers.  You 
are  quite  mistaken  about  possibilities  being  aggravating.  No 
such  thing.  Simply  as  we  live,  we  have  no  rivalry  to  endure 
anywhere  in  the  neighborhood.  Everybody  else  lives  still  more 
simply.  Our  plain  life,  therefore,  carries  no  air  of  reduction 
with  it,  but  is  splendidly  luxurious  in  our  neighbors'  eyes.  This 
would  not  be  the  case  if  we  were  near  a  large  city,  but  as  it  is 
we  have  the  seclusion  (which  I  like),  the  lovely  climate,  the 
beauty  of  the  scenery,  tolerable  society,  and  the  comforts  of  the 
house  in  addition.  There  is  no  house  in  the  country  more  truly 
comfortable.  Never  hot  in  summer,  never  cold  in  winter,  never 
damp,  —  it  is  really  all  that  we  could  desire.  We  had  a  little 
fire  on  the  hearth  last  night  for  the  first  time,  —  not  because  it 
was  really  necessary,  but  for  the  sight  of  it.  Our  roasted  chest- 
nuts were  delicious.  The  trees  here  have  just  begun  to  turn  ; 
we  have  had  no  frost  yet,  and  the  country  is  fresh  and  beautiful. 
I  wish  I  could  begin  my  novel,  but  I  must  write  some  pot-boilers 
first.     I  am  just  finishing  a  long  article  on  Hebel,  the  German 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  381 

Burns,  for  the  "  Atlantic,"  with  copious  translations  from  the 
Alemannie  dialect.  I  think  it  will  he  very  readable.  There  is 
an  article  of  mine  in  the  "  Cornhill  "  for  October,  —  a  "  German 
Shooting-Match."  I  must  write  something  for  money,  —  no  mat- 
ter what  ;  for  the  invitations  to  lecture  don't  come  in,  and  with- 
out them  I  am  lost.  I  hope  Putnam  will  do  something  with  the 
sew  edition  of  my  books  ;  it  will  be  very  handsome,  but  I  must 
wait  until  next  summer  for  the  first  results.  These  war  times 
are  hard  on  authors  ;  the  sword  of  Mars  chops  in  two  the  strings 
of  Apollo's  lyre  !  .  .  . 

The  sun  is  down  and  my  room  is  beghming  to  darken.  What 
a  mellow  beauty  in  the  broad  flush  of  the  western  sky  !  What 
perfect  silence  and  sweetness  in  the  motionless  woods  !  A  leaf 
falls  from  the  orange-tree  in  the  box,  and  it  sounds  almost  like  a 
crash.  Now  a  chicken  flaps  its  wings,  and  now  again  there  is 
only  the  scratch  of  this  pen  to  be  heard  in  all  the  world  around 
me.  Good-by  !  I  have  been  watching  the  quiet  while  I  wrote, 
and  the  dusk  now  holds  my  hand.     Good-night,  dear  friend  ! 

The  reference  in  this  letter  to  a  new  edition  of  his 
writings  is  to  the  Caxton  edition,  which  Mr.  Putnam 
had  projected  with  the  hope  of  reviving'  the  public  in- 
terest in  the  entire  series.  He  proposed  to  lead  off 
with  the  first  series  of  "  At  Home  and  Abroad,"  and 
to  follow  that  with  a  second  and  new  series  ;  continu- 
ing with  new  impressions  of  the  older  volumes  on  bet- 
ter paper,  and  with  such  enticements  of  illustration, 
binding,  and  style  as  a  publisher  depends  upon  for 
persuading  people  into  a  new  acceptance  of  familiar 
works.  As  it  turned  out,  the  two  series  of  "  At  Home 
and  Abroad  "  were  separated  by  "  Views  Afoot."  Mr. 
Putnam  held  out  only  moderate  promises  of  what  the 
series  would  do,  and  Bayard  Taylor  still  placed  his  re- 
liance on  lecturing,  but  was  puzzled  over  the  general 
indifference  of  the  public.  He  wrote  of  this  to  Mr. 
George  W.  Curtis,  who  shared  the  popularity  which 
he  enjoyed  as  lecturer  :  — 


382  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

TO  GEORGE  W.   CURTIS. 

Cedarckoft,  Kennett  Square,  Pa.,  October  31, 1861. 

I  hoped  to  have  fallen  in  with  you  when  I  was  in  New  York 
t'other  day,  but  my  stay  was  so  short  that  I  could  not  go  down  to 
the  Island. 

How  are  you,  and  how  are  wife  and  children  ?  I  am  living 
here  in  comparative  seclusion,  and  know  the  world  only  by  the 
newspapers.  But  I  see  that  you  are  to  lecture  in  Philadelphia, 
which  is  a  great  satisfaction  to  me,  and  I  presume  it  is  a  greater 
to  you.  Who  could  have  foreseen  the  changes  of  this  year  ?  I 
do  not  despair  of  lecturing  in  Richmond  before  I  die. 

Now,  my  object  in  writing  is  twofold  :  first,  and  most  impor- 
tant, to  ask  you  to  come  out  here  for  a  day  or  two,  if  you  possibly 
can,  when  you  lecture  in  Philadelphia  ;  you  shall  have  pen,  ink, 
and  silence,  if  you  need  'em.  Secondly,  what  is  to  be  the  state 
of  our  business  this  winter  ?  I  get  precious  few  invitations,  and 
from  widely  scattered  places.  What  is  your  experience  ?  Am  I, 
the  individual,  passed  over,  or  has  the  institution  "  suspended  "  ? 
As  I  have  no  other  dependence  for  this  winter,  I  am  curious  to 
know  what  calculations  to  make.  (Tribune  dividends  and  copy- 
rights silent  inter  arma.) 

I  am  writing  a  lecture  on  the  "  American  People,  in  their  So- 
cial and  Political  Aspects,"  being  sufficiently  cosmopolitan  in  my 
experience  to  judge  objectively,  —  at  least,  I  so  flatter  myself. 
What  is  your  subject  ?  I  wish  you  could  give  us  a  lecture  here, 
but  the  place  is  rather  too  small  in  these  times.  Our  young  men 
are  all  away  fighting.     My  wife  sends  love  to  you.  .  .  . 

Mr.  Curtis  made  reply :  "  As  for  the  '  business,'  it  is 
certainly  depressed.  I  have  had,  I  think,  not  more 
than  half  of  the  usual  invitations.  Chapin  told  me 
some  time  since  that  he  had  fallen  off  in  the  same 
way."  With  news  from  the  front,  and  rallies,  and 
the  drum-beat  in  every  town,  it  was  not  surprising  that 
the  public  should  be  careless  about  the  attractions  of 
a  lyceum  lecture.  Throughout  the  winter,  however, 
Bayard  Taylor  was  back  and  forth,  lecturing  as  he 
had  opportunity,  and  resorting  to  his  family  at  Cedar« 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  383 

croft,  or  in  New  York,  where  they  spent  a  few  weeks. 
In  the  interim  he  wrote  a  few  poems,  and  continued 
his  work  on  "  Hannah  Thurston." 

TO   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

Dubuque,  Iowa,  January  24,  1862. 
...  I  have  had  a  lonely  and  dismal  journey  through  the  West- 
ern snows  for  the  last  three  weeks,  and  have  no  adventures  to  re- 
late, except  that  I  gave  niy  new  lecture  in  St.  Louis  to  an  audi- 
ence one  third  secession,  who  ground  their  teeth  with  rage  and 
swore  under  their  breath,  but  did  not  dare  to  utter  a  single  hiss. 
The  faces  were  a  study.  Half  the  society  were  traitors,  but  they 
did  n't  know  what  the  lecture  was  going  to  be.  I  was  all  bland- 
ness  and  suavity  to  the  wretches  after  it  was  over,  thus  compel- 
ling them  to  treat  me  with  courtesy,  which  was  utter  misery  and 
disgust  to  them.  .  .  . 

He  visited  Washing-ton  and  the  camps  in  the  capac- 
ity of  head  war  correspondent  of  the  "  Tribune,"  and 
later,  when  his  family  was  again  established  at  Cedar- 
croft,  went  to  the  front,  hoping,  as  others,  to  go  with 
the  army  to  Richmond,  —  that  little  march  which  was 
four  years  in  making.  Suddenly  he  returned  to  Ce- 
darcroft  to  advise  with  his  wife  on  a  proposition  made 
to  him  by  Mr.  Simon  Cameron  to  accompany  him  to 
Russia,  to  which  place  he  had  just  been  accredited  as 
minister.  Bayard  Taylor  was  to  go  as  secretary,  but 
assurances  were  given  that  Mr.  Cameron's  stay  would 
be  short,  and  he  would  then  remain  as  charge  d'af- 
faires. He  returned  to  Washington  the  next  day, 
and  telegraphed  to  his  wife  that  he  had  accepted  the 
offer. 

TO  MR.   AND  MRS.   R.   H.   STODDARD. 

Washington,  Sunday,  March  30,  1862. 
You  will  have  seen  in  yesterday's  "  Tribune  "  some  intimation 
of  the  new  turn  in  my  destiny.    The  ice  is  therefore  broken,  which 
I  am  glad  of,  because  my  most  unwelcome  necessity  will  be  the 


384  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

separation  from  you  two.  The  facts  of  the  case  are  simply  these: 
Cameron  came  to  me  and  offered,  the  post.  So  urgent  was  he 
that  he  employed  several  persons  to  persuade  me  to  accept,  and 
spoke  to  the  President  in  advance.  I  was  surprised,  undecided, 
and  inclined  not  to  accept.  I  consulted  with  Forney,  with  Sum- 
ner, with  Vice-President  Hamlin,  and  others,  all  of  whom  said, 
""Go  !  this  is  only  the  first  step.  Cameron  will  not  stay  long,  and 
you  will  be  his  successor."  Cameron  himself  said  to  me,  "  I 
shall  return  in  the  fall,  leaving  you  in  charge  of  the  legation 
(acting  charge  d'affaires,  with  $6,000  a  year),  and  if  I  should 
not  return  I  can  manage  to  give  you  my  place."  The  Vice- 
President  came  afterwards,  saying,  "  I  earnestly  request  you  to 
go,  and  will  almost  insure  you  the  succession."  Thus  urged,  with 
the  chargeship  certain  and  the  ministership  very  probable,  I  de- 
cided to  accept.  The  President  was  evidently  pleased  when 
Cameron  announced  it  to  him  in  my  presence.  I  said  to  him 
(Lincoln),  "My  only  reason  for  accepting  is  the  chargeship,  af- 
ter Mr.  Cameron's  departure."  He  smiled,  nodded  his  head, 
and  said,  "All  right."  I  have  seen  numbers  of  senators,  con- 
gressmen, members  of  the  cabinet,  and  others,  who  all  say,  "  Go, 
by  all  means,  and  consider  this  only  the  first  step."  The  minis- 
ter gets  $12,000,  which  would  enable  me  to  live  conformably  to 
the  position.  Besides,  it  would  give  me  unbounded  facilities  for 
exploring  Central  Asia,  under  Russian  protection,  —  the  great 
ambition  of  my  life.  All  things  considered,  I  have  decided  to 
make  the  venture.  The  stake  is  not  so  high  but  that  I  may  win 
it.  This  is  a  fortunate  chance,  which  I  do  not  dare  to  reject.  It 
chimes  so  wonderfully  with  my  own  secret  desires  and  plans  that 
I  trust  myself  to  the  promise.  I  may  be  disappointed  ;  if  so,  it 
is  a  loss  of  one  Tribune  share,  but  so  much  more  in  my  life. 
If  I  have  not  good  friends  here  to  assist  me,  we  are  a  race  of 
hypocrites.  Do  write  to  me  —  to  Kennett.  I  must  see  Seward 
to-morrow  and  a  few  senators,  and  then  will  return  to  make  ready. 
I  ran  home  and  consulted  M.  first  before  I  decided.  She  agrees 
cordially. 

TO   MRS.   R.   H.    STODDARD. 

Cedarckoft,  Sunday,  April  6,  1862. 
.  .  .  Since  I  determined  to  go,  things  smooth  themselves  before 
my  feet.    Some  difficulties  which  I  apprehended  have  disappeared. 
&  go  with  a  great  deal  of  resolution  and  measured  expectations. 


THE  POET'S  JOURNAL.  385 

Cedarcrcft  is  getting  to  be  lovely  now,  and  it  goes  hard  with  me 
to  give  up  the  summer's  rest.  My  novel  I  shall  finish,  somehow 
or  other.  I  wrote  two  chapters  to-day  and  yesterday.  I  shall 
have  one  third  written  before  starting,  and  as  summer  is  a  leisure 
time  in  St.  Petersburg  am  pretty  sure  I  can  get  it  through  by 
August. 

^  I  sent  my  "  Euphorion  "  1  to  Fields  the  other  day.  Have  two 
other  poems  in  my  head,  which  I  shall  try  to  write.  .  .  . 

I  planted  fifty  pear-trees  on  Friday,  and  shall  put  out  fifty 
peach-trees  to-morrow.  Three  summers  hence  we  shall  be  over- 
whelmed with  fruit.  Cedarcroft  improves  with  age,  from  the 
growth  of  things,  although  so  much  remains  to  be  done.  When 
my  debts  are  paid,  and  I  have  one  thousand  dollars  over,  I  shall 
transform  the  groimds.  .  .  . 

1  "Euphorion"  was  written  upon  the  death  of  the  oldest  boy  of  the 
Stoddards. 

vol.  I.  25 


CHAPTER  XVII. 

THE  EUSSIAN  MISSION. 

1862-1863. 

My  door 
Looks  on  the  rushing  Neva,  cold  and  clear  : 
The  swelling  domes  in  hovering  splendor  lie 
Like  golden  bubbles,  eager  to  be  gone ; 
But  the  chill  crystal  of  the  atmosphere 
Withholds  them,  and  along  the  northern  sky 
The  amber  midnight  smiles  in  dreams  of  dawn. 

From  the  North. 

Two  motives  were  uppermost  in  Bayard  Taylor's 
mind  when  lie  accepted  the  appointment  as  secretary 
of  legation  under  Mr.  Cameron.  He  saw  an  oppor- 
tunity to  release  himself  from  the  distasteful  drudgery 
of  lecturing,  and  he  was  fired  with  a  new  zeal  to  use 
his  position  in  Russia  for  making  a  study  of  the  al- 
most unknown  interior  of  the  country  and  writing  a 
book  which  should  crown  his  works  of  travel.  He 
was  confident  also  that  his  duties  would  not  preclude 
him  from  finishing  his  novel  of  "  Hannah  Thurston," 
in  which  he  had  become  deeply  interested.  He  sailed, 
therefore,  with  his  wife  and  child,  in  company  with 
Mr.  Cameron  and  his  family,  on  the  7th  of  May  for 
Liverpool.  Mr.  Cameron's  party  remained  in  Eng- 
land for  a  short  excursion,  and  Bayard  Taylor  took  his 
family  to  Gotha,  stopping  on  the  way  at  Paris,  where 
they  were  guests  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  James  Lorimer 
Graham,  Jr.     Leaving  his  family  at  Gotha,  he  went 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  387 

on  to  St.  Petersburg  with  the  Camerons,  with  whom 
he  made  his  home  until  he  was  rejoined  by  his  wife 
and  child,  five  or  six  weeks  later.  The  intimate  rela- 
tions which  he  thus  formed  with  his  chief  laid  the 
foundation  for  a  strong  and  lasting  friendship,  in 
which  each  recognized  the  other's  sterling  qualities 
and  fidelity  of  affection. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

St.  Petersburg,  June  19,  1862. 

We  reached  here  at  midnight  on  Sunday,  the  loth,  after 
thirty-two  hours'  railroad  travel  from  Konigsberg  in  Prussia,  — 
six  hundred  and  sixty  miles.  This  is  my  first  chance  to  write  a 
line,  there  has  been  so  much  to  look  after.  Clay 1  is  still  here, 
having  waited  for  our  arrival,  but  will  leave  in  a  few  days,  and 
I  have  been  posting  myself  up  with  regard  to  the  affairs  of  the 
legation,  besides  assisting  Cameron  in  various  ways.  It  is  now 
nearly  eleven  o'clock,  and  I  will  at  least  commence  this,  adding 
to  it  as  I  get  leisure.  After  we  get  fairly  installed  in  the  lega- 
tion, there  will  really  be  next  to  nothing  to  do  except  to  make 
and  return  visits.  We  had  an  interview  with  Prince  Gortcha- 
koff,  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  on  Tuesday,  and  are  to  be  pre- 
sented to  the  Emperor  at  the  Winter  Palace  on  Tuesday  next. 
The  Prince  was  very  cordial  and  friendly,  and  expressed  himself 
towards  our  country  as  kindly  as  we  could  have  desired.  Cam- 
eron has  taken  the  house  occupied  by  Clay,  and  the  family  moved 
into  it  this  evening.  They  have  invited  me  to  live  with  them 
until  M.  comes,  and  I  shall  probably  go  to-morrow.  This  will 
save  me  something,  and  give  me  time  to  make  the  best  arrange- 
ments for  her.  Americans  who  have  lived  here  some  years  tell 
me  I  can  get  along  very  comfortably  on  thirty-five  hundred  dol- 
lars per  annum.  I  think,  with  management,  three  thousand  dol- 
lars will  answer.   .   .  . 

I  like  St.  Petersburg  even  better  than  on  my  first  visit.  What 
little  Russian  I  knew  has  come  back,  and  I  already  know  enough 
to  make  bargains  !  I  think  I  could  speak  it  fluently  in  three 
months,  if  I  had  time  to  study  hard,  but  I  must  first  attend  to 

1  Hon.  Cassius  M.  Clay,  whom  Mr.  Cameron  succeeded  as  Minister  to 
Russia. 


388  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

"  Hannah  Thurston."  My  "  Travels  in  Russia  "  have  been  ap- 
proved by  the  censor,  and  are  permitted  to  be  sold  here,  which 
is  a  lucky  thing  for  me.  I  shall  not  be  able  to  go  to  Pulkowa  i 
before  Saturday  night,  and  shall  spend  Sunday  there.  Wagners 
are  overjoyed  at  our  coming.  The  country  is  entirely  green  and 
beautiful,  but  the  lilacs  and  horse-chestnuts  are  just  in  bloom. 
The  weather  is  delightful,  —  neither  too  warm  nor  too  cold  ; 
sunshine  all  day,  and  no  darkness  at  night.   .  .   . 

Our  last  news  is  the  destruction  of  the  rebel  fleet  and  the  tak- 
ing of  Memphis.  Good  and  bad  are  so  mixed,  however,  that  we 
hardly  know  how  to  feel ;  only  this,  —  that  since  I  am  again  in 
Europe  I  don't  want  the  war  to  end  too  soon.  The  longer  it 
lasts,  the  more  certain  is  the  doom  of  slavery.  And  if  the  war 
is  over  without  slavery  being  utterly  crushed,  we  shall  have  a 
second  war  in  ten  years.  Being  farther  off,  I  can  see  all  sides 
more  clearly,  and  I  say  that  slavery  must  fall,  or  all  this  strug- 
gle has  been  thrown  away. 

TO   R.   H.   STODDARD. 

St.  Petersburg,  July  1,  1862. 

I  was  going  to  write  to  you  from  Paris,  but  Graham  had  so 
much  company  (and  I,  as  guest,  was  bound  to  help  entertain) 
that  the  quiet  moment  never  came.  Since  then,  I  have  had 
pretty  much  everything  to  do  ;  but  at  last  am  settled  in  my 
place,  with  a  tolerably  clear  understanding  of  my  duties,  and  my 
mind  has  come  back  to  its  usual  equilibrium.  Graham  was  un- 
affectedly kind  and  cordial,  and  our  stay  of  ten  days  with  him, 
his  wife,  and  Fiske  was  marked  with  white.  We  had  good 
weather,  and  so  M.  got  a  fair  outside  idea  of  Paris.  Besides,  we 
saw  Him  and  Her.  They  passed  our  carriage  so  close  that  we  could 
have  shaken  hands.  He  turned  towards  us  and  bowed.  I  as- 
sure you  She  is  very  beautiful,  —  more  so  than  her  portraits. 
Unfortunately,  we  did  not  see  their  Napkin,  which  was  to  be  re- 
gretted. .  .  . 

For  myself,  everything  goes  well  so  far.  I  like  St.  Peters- 
burg and  the  Russians  better  than  ever.  I  am  on  the  best  of 
terms  with  the  Cameron  family,  whom,  indeed,  I  heartily  like, 
and  my  prospects  for  the  future  do  not  look  any  the  worse.  We 
were  received  by  the  Emperor  a  week  ago,  and  with  unusual  cor- 

1  Mrs.  Taylor's  sister  is  the  wife  of  Mr.  von  Wagner,  one  of  the  as- 
tronomers connected  with  the  Imperial  Observatory  at  Pulkowa. 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  389 

diality.  The  general  was  delighted  with  him,  and  I  —  satisfied. 
To  be  sure,  ray  interview  was  very  brief,  but  it  gave  me  a  com- 
plete impression  of  the  man.  He  has  more  energy  and  determi- 
nation than  I  expected.  Since  then,  we  have  been  twice  to  the 
Summer  Palace  of  Tzarsko-Selo  to  see  the  Hereditary  Prince 
and  the  Empress,  both  of  whom  won  our  affections.  The  prince 
is  about  nineteen,  —  thoroughly  good,  amiable,  sincere,  and  un- 
spoiled, and,  withal,  very  handsome.  The  Empress  is  neither 
beautiful  nor  plain,  but  wonderfully  graceful,  self-possessed,  and 
refined.  She  spoke  for  some  time  with  me  in  German.  They 
treated  us  well,  —  gave  us  carriages  and  footmen,  breakfasts, 
wine,  cigars,  and  all  other  accompaniments.  I  have  made  the 
acquaintance  of  various  counts  and  princes  of  the  court,  none  of 
whom  are  intellectually  formidable,  and  consequently  don't  em- 
barrass me.  One  of  the  most  marked  men  I  have  seen  is  Prince 
Italinski,  grandson  of  the  old  fighter  Suwarrow.  I  live  with 
Camerons  at  the  legation  until  M.  comes.  We  have  a  stylish 
open  carriage,  with  a  footman  in  livery,  —  cocked  hat,  with  half 
a  bushel  of  red,  white,  and  blue  chicken-feathers  on  it,  —  and  ride 
out  every  day  to  make  state  calls.  The  government  has  fur- 
nished us  with  a  list  of  one  hundred  and  eighty-three  names,  all 
of  which  we  must  acknowledge  in  this  official  style.  The  busi- 
ness of  the  legation,  otherwise,  is  very  slight,  and  I  am  already 
fully  up  to  it.  Besides,  the  consul,  who  left  here  three  weeks 
ago  on  account  of  ill  health,  has  appointed  me  his  vice,  giving  me 
half  his  salary.  As  the  fees  amount  to  four  dollars  in  threw 
months,  the  business,  you  may  suppose,  is  not  onerous,  while  the 
additional  thousand  dollars  a  year  will  be  a  great  help  to  me. 

As  soon  as  he  was  fairly  at  home  in  his  work  and 
social  life,  Bayard  Taylor  resumed  his  writing.  "  Han- 
nah Thurston  "  was  always  at  his  side ;  he  began  the 
papers  which  he  contributed  to  the  "  Atlantic,"  de- 
scriptive of  Russian  life  and  scenery;  he  wrote  two 
or  three  poems,  among  them  "The  Test,"  and  he 
worked  from  time  to  time  upon  a  longer  poem,  "  The 
Picture  of  St.  John."  "  The  Poet's  Journal "  was  pub- 
lished by  Ticknor  &  Fields  in  the  fall  of  the  year. 
His  mind,  however,  was  not  at  leisure,  for  he  was  liar- 


390  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

assed  by  the  uncertainty  of  his  position.  Mr.  Cam- 
eron spent  the  summer  only  in  St.  Petersburg,  when  he 
returned,  after  travel  in  Europe,  to  the  United  States, 
leaving  Bayard  Taylor  as  charge  d'affaires.  This  was 
in  accordance  with  the  understanding  by  which  the 
latter  accepted  the  post  of  secretary.  The  charge 
d'affaires  was  minister  in  everything  but  rank  and 
salary,  and  after  a  trial  of  the  place  Bayard  Taylor 
could  have  no  question  as  to  his  ability  to  occupy  the 
higher  position.  He  was  thoroughly  equipped  by  his 
education,  which  had  given  him  command  of  several 
languages ;  he  had  won  the  respect  and  confidence  of 
the  court  and  the  diplomatic  circle ;  he  was  familiar 
with  the  ways  of  court  life;  and  above  all  he  had  a 
profound  faith  in  his  country  and  was  alive  to  the  ex- 
igencies of  the  situation.  He  was  eager  to  serve  the 
nation.  Above  and  beyond  his  own  private  fortunes, 
he  was  sure  that  he  could  so  represent  the  United 
States  at  this  important  court  as  to  secure  essential 
advantage  to  his  country. 

He  had  the  qualifications  for  the  post,  and  he  was 
conscious  of  his  fitness.  His  services  were  recognized 
by  those  who  were  best  able  to  judge  of  them,  and  upon 
the  face  there  was  every  reason  why  he  should  receive 
the  appointment.  But  Bayard  Taylor  was  not  a  per- 
son of  political  influence.  He  was  connected,  indeed, 
with  a  journal  of  marked  political  power,  but  this  fact 
rather  hindered  than  helped  him.  The  editor  of  the 
"Tribune"  had  severed  the  famous  partnership  of 
Seward,  Weed,  and  Greeley,  and  in  his  criticism  of 
the  war  was  not  singularly  subservient  to  the  admin- 
istration. Bayard  Taylor's  position  on  the  journal,  to 
be  sure,  was  not  on  its  political  side,  and  his  name  in 
the  public  mind  was  associated   only  with  literature 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  391 

and  travel.  He  had  friends  who  gave  him  their  hearty 
support,  and  a  few  of  these,  notably  Mr.  Cameron, 
were  men  of  weight  with  the  administration.  But 
Bayard  Taylor  knew  very  well  how  many  considera- 
tions came  in  to  affect  the  administration  in  making 
appointments,  aside  from  the  peculiar  fitness  of  a  man 
for  his  post.  There  were  accounts  to  settle,  ulterior 
ends  to  accomplish,  and  nice  adjustments  of  the  ma- 
chinery of  government  to  regulate.  Accordingly  he 
set  in  motion  all  the  proper  and  natural  means  which 
he  could,  at  that  distance,  employ.  The  most  natural, 
and  one  would  think  the  most  effective,  was  a  faithful 
fulfillment  of  the  duties  of  his  place  and  a  vigilant 
watch  for  opportunities  to  serve  his  country.  Long- 
before  the  winter  was  over,  however,  he  made  up  his 
mind  that  he  should  fail  of  receiving  the  appointment, 
and  after  he  had  recovered  from  the  first  annoyance 
of  failure  he  dismissed  the  whole  matter.  He  was  no 
place-hunter  for  the  sake  of  place,  and  when  fairly 
plunged  into  literature  he  forgot  his  disappointment 
and  took  delight  in  his  native  work. 

TO   JAMES    T.    FIELDS. 

United  States  Legation, 
St.  Petersburg,  August  18, 1862. 

I  have  delayed  writing  to  you  for  four  weeks  past,  only  that  I 
might  finish  and  send  the  accompanying  article,1  which  I  think 
you  may  find  suitable  for  the  "  Atlantic."  At  least,  it  may  do  to 
thrust  in  between  the  heavier  articles  ;  the  ground  it  goes  over 
is  wholly  untrodden.  If  the  article  pleases,  pray  send  the  com- 
pensation to  the  Tribune  office  for  me  ;  if  not,  send  the  article 
itself  to  Greeley,  who  may  be  able  to  dispose  of  it  otherwise  for 
me.  I  am  very  glad  that  you  like  my  Quaker  story,2  which  I 
find  in  the  July  number.  I  have  ordered  Triibner  to  send  me 
the  numbers  regularly,  and  have  the  August  also.     I  have  the 

1  "  A  Cruise  on  Lake  Ladoga." 

2  "Friend  Eli's  Daughter." 


392  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

subject  of  a  curious  Russian  story,  to  be  called  "  Beauty  and  the 
Beast,"  if  you  think  the  banks  of  the  Volga  are  not  too  far  off 
for  a  reality  which  is  more  astonishing  than  romance.  .  .  . 

to  his  mother. 

United  States  Legation, 
St.  Petersburg,  September  24,  1862. 

...  I  have  been  really  sick  for  the  last  four  or  five  days  over 
the  horrid  news  x  we  receive  ;  and  yet  I  have,  under  all,  a  half- 
confidence  that  it  may  be  for  the  best.  Our  people  must  have 
their  eyes  opened  ;  the  government  must  appreciate  the  immen- 
sity of  its  task  ;  the  half-and-half  system  must  be  dropped  at 
once,  or  we  are  lost.  I  would  rather  be  at  home  and  share  the 
humiliation  which  all  loyal  men  must  feel  than  be  here  and  be 
obliged  to  put  a  good  face  on  it,  and  make  all  sorts  of  excuses 
and  explanations.  But  I  can  do  more  good  here,  perhaps,  than  I 
could  at  home. 

Camerons  have  now  been  gone  nearly  a  week,  and  I  have 
everything  in  my  own  hands.  We  are  rather  lonely  in  these  big 
rooms,  but  must  accustom  ourselves  to  it.  It  will  be  another 
month  before  St.  Petersburg  becomes  gay  and  social.  The 
weather  is  already  quite  cold,  but  a  great  many  families  are  still 
in  the  country.  ...  I  recently  wrote  a  poem  on  the  one  thou- 
sandth anniversary  of  the  Russian  Empire,  a  copy  of  which  Cam- 
eron gave  to  Prince  Gortchakoff,  who  showed  it  to  the  Emperor. 
The  latter  sent  word  to  me  that  he  was  very  much  touched  and 
delighted.  I  have  sent  a  copy  to  Greeley,  and  you  will  see  it  in 
the  "  Tribune."  I  thus  commence  my  chargeship  under  good 
auspices. 

October  22,  1862. 

.  .  .  We  are  in  better  spirits  about  our  cause.  The  last  news 
is  very  cheering,  and  the  English  are  furious.  I  avoid  them  as 
much  as  possible,  except  the  embassy,  where  they  are  very  po- 
lite, and  avoid  the  subject.  We  are  all  very  well  and  cheerful. 
The  weather  is  now  delightful.  We  have  had  what  is  called 
"  the  little  winter,"  snow  and  cold  weather  for  a  week,  and  now 
the  days  are  sunny  and  mild,  and  the  trees  not  yet  bare.  The 
leaves  mostly  are  green  until  they  drop  off,  —  there  are  scarcely 
any  autumnal  colors, —  so  that  the  parks  and  gardens  look  more 
like  spring  than  fall.  The  court  is  still  at  the  country  palace, 
1  Of  the  second  battle  of  Manassas. 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  393 

and  will  not  come  to  the  city  for  nearly  a  month  yet.  I  have 
now  no  important  business  on  hand,  and  have  renewed  my  ac- 
quaintance with  "  Hannah  Thurston." 

TO   MRS.   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

St.  Petersburg,  November  5,  18G2. 

Your  letter  and  Dick's  came  to-day,  just  after  M.  had  started 
for  Pulkowa  (about  twelve  miles  from  here)  with  L.  and  Minna 
to  spend  the  night.  I  was  making  out  a  report  of  a  shipwreck 
(consular  business)  to  send  to  the  State  Department,  and  the 
mail-hour  was  near  at  hand,  but  I  stopped  and  read  your  tardy, 
welcome  pages  before  I  went  farther.  Now,  after  four  hours 
more  of  work  ;  after  receiving  visits  and  turning  two  vile  seces- 
sionists out  of  the  house  by  the  freezing  dignity  of  my  maimers 
and  the  indignant  eloquence  of  my  speech  ;  after  a  walk  in  the 
cold  air,  among  the  trees  of  the  Admiralty  Place,  so  crusted 
with  rime  that  tbey  resemble  avenues  of  ivory  and  pearl,  I  come 
back  to  sit  down  by  candle-light  at  four  P.  M.  in  this  northern  dark- 
ness, and  put  you  to  shame  by  my  punctuality  in  replying.  The 
fact  is,  I  cannot  do  anything  else  until  I  have  written  to  you 
both.  I  have  no  longer  the  spur  of  my  own  interests,  because 
my  fate  will  have  been  decided  before  tins  reaches  you,  but  I 
have  the  inspiration  of  our  old  friendship. 

...  The  only  literature  I  get  is  the  "Atlantic  Monthly." 
Thoreau's  articles  are  very  fine,  but  Winthrop's  "  Life  in  the 
Open  Air  "  is  in  the  most  wretched  maimer.  I  cannot  read  it. 
The  stories  are  full  of  "  cool  brows  "  and  "  purple  hair  "  and 
convulsed  conversation.  I  turn  from  them  to  continue  the  even 
tenor  of  Hannah  Thurston's  way  with  refreshment.  I  am  mak- 
ing a  book  which  shall  be  entertaining  from  beginning  to  end, 
without  violent  passion,  though  with  an  occasional  approach  to  it. 
I  get  on  slowly  with  it,  because  it  is  my  recreation,  and  I  do  not 
want  to  exhaust  it  too  soon.  I  often  think  of  Dick  and  you  as  I 
write.  Besides  my  Russian  poem  I  have  written  another,  called 
"  The  Test,"  which  M.  likes,  and  I  shall  send  to  the  "  Atlantic."  . . . 
My  literary  yearnings  increase  and  improve  under  the  weight  of 
this  diplomatic  business.  I  often  say  to  M.  that  I  shall  be  glad 
when  my  stay  here  is  over,  and  I  can  return  to  our  old  Olympian 
life,  only  with  fewer  distracting  cares  than  before. 

I  am  sorry  that  neither  Dick  nor  you  yet  seem  to  understand 
the  true  reason  of  my  desire  for  the  higher  post.     It  can  give  mo 


394  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

no  new  honor.  I  have  now  been  for  nearly  two  months  the  sole 
American  representative  at  this  court  ;  have  had  important  offi- 
cial interviews,  and  know  just  what  it  is.  If  I  succeed,  however, 
I  can  carry  out  the  only  remaining  bit  of  ambitious  travel  I  care  to 
make  ;  I  can  complete  my  studies  of  the  human  cosmos  ;  I  can 
discard  lecturing  when  I  come  home,  and  devote  a  few  quiet  years 
to  the  production  of  something  which  may  extort  praise  even  from 
you.  I  inherit  a  late  development,  both  from  father  and  mother, 
and  my  mind  is  not  yet  at  its  ripest.  I  would  rather  represent 
the  interests  of  the  United  States  even  here,  on  the  sixtieth  de- 
gree of  latitude,  than  wear  out  my  life  in  whiter  lecturing  tours. 
How  much  rest  have  I  had  at  home  ?  How  much  freedom  from 
anxiety  in  the  last  four  years  ?  I  am  tired  of  it,  worn  out,  and 
don't  want  to  come  home  just  now  to  resume  it.  I  like  this  city 
and  my  position  because  I  have  determined  to  do  so.  If  I  were 
free  to  do  what  I  please,  I  should  leave  next  week.  .  .  .  You 
ought  to  know  that  I  have  no  political  ambition  and  don't  value 
political  distinction  one  fig.  I  sigh  for  my  felt  hat,  and  swear  at 
my  uniform  every  time  I  put  it  on.  But  I  have  a  pride  in  doing 
a  thing  well,  when  I  once  undertake  it. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

St.  Petersburg,  November  26,  1862. 
.  .  .  Since  I  last  wrote  I  have  had  to  take  care  of  American 
interests  all  through  the  recent  crisis.  I  have  represented  our 
country,  alone,  for  more  than  two  months,  and  there  has  been  no 
more  important  period  for  us  for  the  past  fifty  years  than  during 
the  past  three  weeks.  We  have  gotten  safely  through,  and  I  am 
glad  that  I  had  a  share  in  it.  I  think  the  government  will  be 
satisfied  with  my  energy  and  activity.  I  have  already  written 
ten  dispatches,  eight  of  them  very  important  ones,  since  being 
charge.     I  shall  therefore  always  be  glad  that  I  came. 

The  crisis  referred  to  in  this  letter  was  the  pro- 
posed intervention  in  American  affairs  by  France  and 
England  in  connection  with  Russia.  In  an  interview 
which  Bayard  Taylor  had  with  Prince  Gortchakoff 
October  29th,  the  Russian  minister  had  intimated  that 
proposals  for  intervention  were  in  the  air,  and  not 
long  after  an  announcement  appeared  in  the  "  Lon- 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  395 

don  Morning-  Post "  and  "  La  Patrie "  of  Paris  to 
the  effect  that  France  had  submitted  a  proposition 
to  England  and  Russia.  It  will  be  remembered  that 
the  Union  cause  had  met  with  reverses,  and  that  there 
was  a  general  feeling  of  despondency  as  to  the  issue 
of  the  conflict.  Bayard  Taylor  saw  the  great  impor- 
tance of  preventing  Russia  from  accepting  the  propo- 
sition, and  he  immediately  sought  another  interview 
with  Prince  Gortchakoff,  the  account  of  which  is  con- 
tained in  a  dispatch  to  the  government. 

TO  HON.   WILLIAM   H.    SEWARD,    SECRETARY   OF   STATE. 

Legation  of  the  United  States, 

St.  Petersburg,  November  12,  1862. 

Sir,  —  I  hasten  to  communicate  to  you  the  information  prom- 
ised in  my  dispatch  of  yesterday.  I  have  just  returned  from 
an  interview  with  Prince  Gortchakoff,  who,  with  the  generous 
frankness  which  has  hitherto  characterized  his  intercourse  with 
me,  has  placed  me  in  possession  of  all  the  facts  of  which  it  is 
necessary  that  the  government  of  the  United  States  should  be 
informed. 

I  first  asked  him  whether  the  proposition  of  France,  announced 
in  the  journals  of  Paris  and  London,  had  actually  been  made  to 
the  imperial  government.  He  replied  in  the  affirmative.  I  then 
asked  whether  he  was  willing  to  communicate  to  me  its  exact 
terms.  He  answered  in  French,  apparently  quoting  the  words 
of  the  official  communication  :  "  A  conjunctive  proposition  on 
the  part  of  France,  Russia,  and  England,  to  the  belligerent  par- 
ties in  America,  to  agree  to  an  armistice  of  six  months."  He 
further  informed  me  that  the  proposal  was  to  be  considered  by 
the  English  cabinet  on  the  11th  (yesterday). 

I  stated  to  the  Prince  that  the  declarations  of  Russia  had 
heretofore  been  sufficiently  frank  and  explicit ;  that  we  could 
rely  upon  her  action  hi  the  matter  as  that  of  a  fiiend,  and  what- 
ever it  might  be  the  government  of  the  .United  States  was  as- 
sured in  advance  of  the  friendly  consideration  which  would  in- 
spire it.  I  judged  it  necessary  to  add,  however,  that  the  moment 
was  ill  chosen  for  the  presentation  of  such  a  proposal.  After 
a  campaign  the  unsatisfactory   character  of  which  I  could  not 


396  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

deny,  and  the  non-fulfillment  of  promises  which  ought  never  to 
have  been  made,  the  prospect  of  the  suppression  of  the  rebellion 
was  now  decidedly  encouraging.  The  government  was  aware 
of  the  necessity  of  the  most  speedy  and  vigorous  action  ;  three 
hundred  thousand  men  had  been  added  to  our  army  within  the 
last  two  months,  and  the  new  iron-clad  vessels,  probably  afloat 
by  this  time,  would,  I  hoped,  soon  enable  us  to  dispense  with  the 
blockade  by  putting  us  in  possession  of  all  the  Southern  ports. 

The  Prince  assured  me,  in  reply,  that  the  action  of  Russia 
would  be  governed  entirely,  as  heretofore,  by  the  most  friendly 
feelings  toward  the  United  States.  He  would  take  no  step 
which  could  not  receive  that  interpretation.  He  then  offered  to 
read  to  me  his  instructions  to  M.  de  Stoeckl  in  regard  to  the 
proposed  action  of  the  three  powers.  After  stating  the  proposi- 
tion, the  dispatch  refers  to  the  position  which  Russia  has  occu- 
pied since  the  commencement  of  the  struggle,  repeats  her  desire 
for  a  settlement  by  conciliatory  measures,  and  expresses  her 
willingness  to  tender  her  good  offices  in  a  way  that  shall  be  ac- 
ceptable, and  that  shall  seem  to  promise  a  good  result.  •  .  . 

The  dispatch  having  been  rapidly  read,  and  in  a  foreign  lan- 
guage, I  do  not  pretend  to  give  you  the  precise  words,  but  I  am 
sure  of  having  reproduced  the  material  substance  of  it.  Its 
prevailing  tone  was  a  delicate  and  friendly  consideration  of  the 
views  of  the  government  of  the  United  States. 

"  There,"  said  Prince  Gortchakoff,  when  the  reading  was  fin- 
ished, "  now  you  know  the  worst  so  far  as  Russia  is  concerned." 
I  considered  myself  justified  in  assuring  him  that  there  was 
nothing  in  his  instructions  to  M.  de  Stoeckl  to  which  the  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States  could  take  exception,  for  it  would 
interpret  every  act  of  Russia  in  the  light  of  her  motives.  An 
assurance  of  this  kind  seemed  to  me  necessary  in  return  for  his 
frankness.     I  then  retired. 

I  should  do  the  government  ill  service  by  disguising  from  it 
the  truth  that  the  European  powers  most  friendly  to  it  are  at 
last  becoming  impatient.  The  failure  of  two  campaigns  is  the 
prominent  fact  in  their  eyes  ;  the  important  advantages  which 
have  been  gained  are  overlooked.  Nearly  all  the  news  which 
is  received  comes  distorted  through  English  and  French  chan- 
nels. The  correspondents  of  the  London  journals,  in  particular, 
continually  give  currency  to  malicious  falsehoods,  the  absence  of 
which  in  American  newspapers  they  pretend  to  account  for  by  a 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  397 

tyrannical  censorship.  These  statements,  copied  throughout  the 
continent,  and  persistently  repeated,  are  beginning  to  produce 
their  natural  effect  ;  to  which  is  added  the  prestige  of  apparent 
success,  to  a  certain  extent,  on  the  part  of  the  rebel  government. 
There  is  a  universal  sympathy,  independent  of  the  principles  at 
stake,  with  success  against  odds,  and  this  sympathy  is  beginning 
■to  tell,  not  only  against  the  government  of  the  United  States, 
but  against  the  wisdom  of  its  friends. 

What  Russia  evidently  fears  at  present  is  the  ultimate  ex- 
haustion of  the  two  sections  of  the  Union,  which  will  leave  them 
either  divided  or  reunited,  helpless  to  resist  the  encroachments 
of  hostile  powers.  The  political  equilibrium  which  she  sees  in 
the  maintenance  of  the  Union  in  its  original  strength  would  thus 
be  destroyed.  No  news  could  be  more  welcome  to  her  than  that 
which  should  indicate  the  speedy  overthrow  of  the  rebellion, 
but  a  struggle  protracted  much  longer  seems  to  her  not  less  un- 
fortunate than  immediate  separation. 

I  believe  this  to  be  a  strictly  correct  statement  of  the  predom- 
inating feeling  of  the  imperial  government.  My  duty  terminates 
in  communicating  it,  for  the  possibility  of  its  existence  and  the 
course  which  it  suggests  have  undoubtedly  been  foreseen  by  the 
President  and  by  yourself. 

I  have  the  honor  to  be,  with  the  highest  respect,  your  obedient 
servant,  Bayard  Taylor, 

Charge  d' Affaires. 

So  anxious  was  the  charge  to  impress  upon  the 
Russian  government  the  resolution  of  the  United 
States  and  the  resources  which  enabled  that  country 
to  put  down  the  rebellion,  that  he  went  beyond  the 
strict  demands  of  his  place,  and  prepared  an  elabo- 
rate paper,  which  he  submitted  to  Prince  Gortchakoff, 
reporting  his  proceeding  at  once  to  Mr.  Seward. 

TO   HON.   W.    H.    SEWARD,    SECRETARY   OF   STATE. 

Legation  of  the  United  States, 

St.  Petersburg,  November  28,  1862. 

Sir,  —  Judging  that  you  may  desire  to  have  regular  reports 
from  this  legation  at  the  present  time,  I  have  the  honor  to  trans- 
mit to  you  an  account  of  all  that  has  occurred  in  relation  to 
American  interests  since  my  dispatch  of  the  15th  instant. 


398  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

With  regard  to  the  project  of  intervention  made  by  France, 
the  impression  here  is  that  since  the  replies  of  Russia  and  Eng- 
land it  has  been  temporarily  suspended,  but  not  relinquished,  by 
that  power.  If  a  renewal  of  it  at  any  time  shall  be  made  to 
this  court,  I  am  convinced  that  Prince  Gortchakoff,  with  the  en- 
tire absence  of  reserve  which  has  characterized  all  his  intercourse 
with  me,  will  inform  me  promptly  of  the  fact.  I  have  received 
a  confidential  communication  from  Mr.  Dayton,  giving  me  an 
account  of  his  interview  with  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  and  have  in 
return  transmitted  to  him  a  report  of  my  own  conversations 
with  Prince  Gortchakoff.  I  have  also  forwarded  a  similar  con- 
fidential dispatch  to  Mr.  Adams,  as  I  judged  it  important  that 
both  he  and  Mr.  Dayton  should  be  officially  informed  of  the  sen- 
timents of  the  imperial  government.  I  trust  that  this  proceed- 
ing will  meet  your  approval. 

Since  my  last  dispatch  I  have  had  no  further  personal  inter- 
course with  Prince  Gortchakoff,  but  I  have  prepared  and  sent  to 
him  a  statement,  drawn  up  with  great  care,  of  the  present  national 
debt  of  the  United  States  ;  the  estimated  annual  revenue  under 
the  new  laws  ;  the  additions  made  to  the  active  force  of  our 
armies  during  the  last  three  months  ;  the  number  of  iron-clad 
vessels  in  process  of  construction  ;  and  the  important  movements 
already  commenced  in  the  West  and  on  the  sea-coast.  This 
statement  was  forwarded  with  a  private  (unofficial)  note,  inform- 
ing him  that  it  was  not  intended  as  an  indirect  prediction  of  re- 
sults, but  as  a  simple  exposition  of  facts,  which  would  clearly 
show  that  an  armistice  at  this  time  could  only  be  of  advantage  to 
the  rebellious  States,  and  that  no  proposition  of  the  kind  could 
be  entertained  by  the  Federal  government.  I  am  aware  that 
in  this  act  I  have  exceeded  the  strict  line  of  my  duty,  but  I  felt 
that  some  such  presentation  of  the  brighter  aspects  of  our  cause 
was  necessary  to  strengthen  the  hopes  and  refresh  the  sympathies 
of  the  government  most  friendly  to  us. 

I  had  a  conversation  yesterday  with  the  ambassador  of  France, 
the  Duke  de  Montebello,  in  which  I  expressed  to  him  the  same 
views  concerning  the  proposed  intervention  of  his  government. 
He  informed  me  that  immediately  after  receiving  the  dispatch 
of  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  he  had  called  upon  me,  in  order  to 
communicate  its  contents  to  me,  but  had  not  found  me  at  home. 
I  infer  from  his  expressions,  both  on  this  and  other  occasions, 
that  his  personal  sympathies  are  in  favor  of  the  preservation  of 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  399 

the  Union.  The  only  defense  of  the  proposition  which  he  offered 
was  that  it  was  very  carefully  worded,  did  not  betray  a  hostile 
spirit,  and  that  an  armistice  need  not  necessarily  include  the 
raising  of  the  blockade. 

The  British  ambassador,  Lord  Napier,  has  been  especially  kind 
and  cordial  in  his  personal  intercourse,  but  seems  disposed  to 
avoid  any  discussion  of  our  national  struggle,  or  the  European 
proposition  concerning  it. 

There  are  in  Russia  about  237,000  stand  of  arms,  which  have 
been  condemned,  and  offered  for  sale  by  the  government.  Eight 
or  ten  thousand  of  them  have  percussion  locks  and  bayonets  ;  but 
the  remainder  are  flint-lock  muskets  and  carbines  of  an  obsolete 
pattern,  and  may  be  had  for  seventy-five  copeks  (about  fifty- 
eight  cents)  apiece.  A  few  clays  ago  I  discovered  that  an  Amer- 
ican here,  well  known  for  his  treasonable  sentiments,  had  been 
examining  the  specimens  offered,  with  the  expressed  intention  of 
making  a  large  purchase.  In  the  absence  of  any  fund  for  de- 
tective service,  I  have  been  voluntarily  assisted  by  two  loyal 
American  residents,  who  have  been  so  successful  in  following  up 
the  transaction  that  no  further  steps  can  be  taken  without  their 
knowledge.  The  arms  are  so  worthless,  however,  that  I  do  not 
anticipate  their  purchase. 

The  imperial  court  is  at  present  at  Moscow,  where  it  will  re- 
main for  the  next  three  weeks.  The  internal  condition  of  the 
empire  is  generally  quiet  and  satisfactory.  Since  the  promulga- 
tion of  the  plan  of  judicial  reform,  the  increase  in  public  confi- 
dence has  been  very  remarkable.  Count  Panin,  who  opposed  its 
adoption,  has  been  dismissed  from  the  ministry. 

I  have  the  honor  to  be,  with  the  highest  respect,  your  obedient 
servant,  Bayard  Taylor, 

Charge  d' Affaires. 

Mr.  Seward's  reply  is  as  follows :  — ■ 

to  bayard  taylor. 

Department  of  State, 
Washington,  December  23,  1862. 

Sir,  —  Your  dispatch  of  November  28th  has  been  submitted 
to  the  President.  A  perusal  of  it  produces  the  same  impression 
which  follows  the  reading  of  the  dispatches  of  all  our  represen- 


400  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

tatives  in  Europe,  namely,  that  the  government  of  the  United 
States  is  regarded  by  foreign  governments  as  weak  and  in  crit- 
ical circumstances.  The  existence  of  such  an  opinion  in  Europe 
is  natural.  Our  utterances,  which  are  controversial,  because  we 
are  really  free  and  confident  of  the  national  safety,  however  we 
may  seem  to  despond,  too  often  present  the  government  in  this 
light.  This  is  the  result  of  a  commendable  impatience  for 
greater  activity,  with  the  promise  of  greater,  and  speedier  re- 
sults. The  insurgent  emissaries  in  Europe  inculcate  the  same 
opinion,  and  their  prejudiced  or  interested  European  sympa- 
thizers have  the  public  ear  in  Europe,  as  insurgent  exiles  always 
do.  Nothing,  however,  could  be  more  injurious  to  the  country 
than  a  seeming  admission  of  the  justice  of  the  opinion  in  ques- 
tion by  this  government.  This  sentiment  was  among  those 
which  induced  my  instructions  to  yourself,  Mr.  Dayton,  and 
Mr.  Adams,  to  ask  no  explanations,  and  make  no  comments  on 
any  explanations  which  should  be  offered  by  any  of  the  three 
powers  which  lately  engaged  in  a  correspondence  with  each  other 
concerning  American  affairs.  The  note  which  you  have  ad- 
dressed to  Prince  Gortchakoff,  exhibiting  our  resources  and  ad- 
vantages, was  written  before  you  received  this  instruction  ;  and 
it  is  believed  that,  from  your  known  ability,  you  have  made  the 
argument  presented  a  strong  one,  and  therefore  the  President, 
so  far  from  censuring  you  for  the  performance,  is  rather  grat- 
ified with  it.  But  it  will  be  well  for  you,  nevertheless,  to  explain 
to  Prince  Gortchakoff  that  this  government  would  not  have  in- 
structed you  to  write  the  paper,  and  that  for  the  special  reason 
before  mentioned  it  would  not  have  approved  of  it  had  the  gov- 
ernment been  advised  of  the  preparation  of  the  document.  At 
no  previous  time  since  this  civil  war  began  has  this  government 
been  better  assured  of  its  ultimate  success  in  the  present  contest, 
or  had  more  gratifying  proofs  of  the  strength  of  the  very  ex- 
traordinary political  system  which  was  bequeathed  to  us  by  our 
fathers  ;  and  the  President  is  no  more  likely  to  accept  overtures 
of  foreign  mediation  in  our  affairs  than  the  government  of  the 
United  States  is  likely  to  offer  its  mediation  in  similar  affairs  to 
any  other  nation. 

To-day  members  of  Congress  arrive  here  who  have  been  duly 
elected  in  Louisiana  ;  and  this  is  a  palpable  demonstration  that 
the  crisis  of  disunion  has  passed,  and  the  process  of  restoration 
has  begun.  .  .  . 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  401 

In  regard  to  Russia,  the  case  is  a  plain  one.  She  has  our 
friendship,  in  every  case,  in  preference  to  any  other  European 
power,  simply  because  she  always  wishes  us  well,  and  leaves  us 
to  conduct  our  affairs  as  we  think  best. 

I  do  not  misunderstand  the  seductions  which  partisan  divisions 
existing  here,  not  in  reality  disloyal,  offer  to  foreign  powers. 
Such  seductions  are  always  offered  in  every  civil  war.  I  can, 
however,  hardly  remember  a  case  in  history  in  which  any  foreign 
state  listened  to  such  persuasions  with  any  advantage  accruing 
to  itself  or  to  the  state  in  whose  behalf  its  sympathy  was  moved. 
I  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant, 

William  H.  Seward. 

TO   HON.    W.   H.    SEWARD,    SECRETARY   OF   STATE. 

Legation  of  the  United  States, 

St.  Petersburg,  January  21,  1863. 

Sir,  —  Your  dispatch  No.  10,  of  December  23d,  was  received 
on  the  17th  instant.  The  first  portion  of  it,  which  relates  to  the 
impression  conveyed  by  my  dispatch  No.  21,  of  November  28, 
1862,  has,  I  trust,  been  already  answered  by  my  subsequent  dis- 
patches. I  consider  that  a  part  of  my  official  duty  is  to  acquaint 
you,  without  reserve  or  modification,  with  the  state  of  public 
opinion  at  this  capital  concerning  the  events  of  our  national 
struggle.  These  statements,  however,  are  entirely  of  an  objec- 
tive character,  and  I  have  unfortunately  chosen  my  words  if  they 
suggest  the  inference  that  I  have  in  any  manner  shared  the 
doubts  and  anxieties  which  I  have  described  as  being  prevalent 
here. 

On  the  contrarj',  I  have  invariably  expressed  my  confidence  in 
the  strength  of  the  Federal  power  and  the  successful  issue  of  the 
struggle,  not  from  a  sense  of  official  propriety,  but  from  my  own 
unshaken,  individual  faith.  I  believe,  however,  that  you  will  not 
have  misunderstood  me  in  this  respect. 

I  have  just  returned  from  an  interview  with  Prince  Gortcha- 
koff,  which  I  had  requested  immediately  upon  receiving  your 
dispatch.  ..."  Tell  Mr.  Seward,"  said  he,  "  that  the  policy  of 
Russia  in  regard  to  the  United  States  is  fixed,  and  will  not  be 
changed  by  the  course  adopted  by  any  other  nation.  We  greatly 
desire,  as  you  know,  the  termination  of  your  unfortunate  struggle, 
but  we  shall  not  offer  our  friendly  mediation  until  it  is  certain  of 
being  accepted  on  both  sides,  —  by  the  Federal  government  and 
vol.  i.  2G 


402  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

the  Southern  States.  We  earnestly  hope  for  the  maintenance 
of  the  Union,  but  at  the  same  time  we  have  no  hostility  to  the 
Southern  people  ;  and  for  the  sake  of  both  sides  we  shall  gladly 
proffer  our  services  when  they  are  mutually  requested,  but  not 
until  then."  This  reply,  I  trust,  will  prove  as  explicit  and  satis- 
factory as  you  could  have  desired  ;  but  it  is  probably  no  more 
than  the  course  of  Russia  hitherto  has  led  you  to  anticipate. 

I  also  gave  the  Prince  the  explanation  you  required,  concern- 
ing the  statement  of  the  strength  and  resources  of  the  United 
States,  which  I  sent  to  him,  unofficially,  in  November.  In  com- 
pliance with  your  request,  I  informed  him  that  you  would  not 
have  instructed  me  to  take  this  step,  and  therefore  would  not 
have  given  your  sanction,  had  you  been  informed  of  it  in  advance. 
He  answered  that  he  regarded  the  paper  at  the  time  he  received 
it  entirely  as  a  confidential  communication  ;  that  he  had  read  it 
with  great  interest,  and  was  very  glad  that  I  had  prepared  it,  as 
it  contained  important  facts  which  had  not  previously  come  to 
his  knowledge.  He  further  said  that  he  regarded  the  relations 
between  the  two  countries  as  possessing,  necessarily,  something 
of  an  intimate  and  confidential  character,  and  my  act  was  there- 
fore especially  that  of  a  friend. 

The  best  justification  which  I  can  offer  for  an  unauthorized 
step  of  the  kind  is  the  good  effect  which  it  evidently  produced. 
I  did  not  venture  upon  it  without  careful  deliberation,  nor  can  I 
now  perceive,  looking  back  to  that  period,  that  it  was  ill-judged. 
For  the  previous  two  months  our  military  operations  only  had 
been  watched  by  European  observers  ;  and  in  November  the  im- 
pression was  very  general  here,  even  among  our  friends,  that  the 
national  cause  was  about  to  fail.  I  do  not  suppose  that,  except 
myself,  a  single  diplomatic  representative  at  this  court  had  faith 
in  our  success  :  our  real  sources  of  strength  were  overlooked  ; 
and  the  imperial  government,  hearing  nothing  but  unfavorable 
opinions  from  all  quarters,  showed  signs  of  impatience  and  de- 
spondency. It  seemed  to  me  that  Russia  had  deserved,  by  her 
steady  friendship  towards  us,  that  her  confidence  in  our  national 
power  and  stability  should  be  supported.  Such  support  I  knew 
would,  under  the  circumstances,  be  acceptable  to  her,  no  less 
than  advantageous  to  us.  The  paper  I  prepared  was  a  simple 
exhibition  of  our  actual  strength  and  resources  ;  it  contained  no 
argument  ;  it  was  sent  to  Prince  Gortchakoff  unofficially  ;  and, 
as  I  have  to-day  learned  from  his  excellency,  the  act  was  under- 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  403 

stood  precisely  as  I  had  desired.  Before  receiving  your  last  dis- 
patch I  had  considered  that  I  was  incidentally  justified  by  the 
closing  words  of  your  dispatch  No.  9,  of  December  7th,  stating 
that  the  President's  message  and  the  accompanying  reports  would 
be  very  useful  in  enabling  me  "  to  show  to  Prince  Gortchakoff 
the  grounds  of  the  public  confidence  in  the  stabibty  of  the  Union." 
I  had  already  endeavored  to  do  the  same  thing  by  anticipating 
some  of  the  statements  contained  in  these  documents.  .  .  . 

I  have  the  honor  to  be,  with  the  highest  respect,  your  obedient 
servant,  Bayard  Taylor, 

Charge  d' Affaires. 

The  diplomatic  correspondence  attests  the  closeness 
with  which  Bayard  Taylor  applied  himself  to  the  du- 
ties of  his  office,  and  the  assiduity  with  which  he  fol- 
lowed every  clew  which  seemed  likely  to  lead  to  im- 
portant results.  He  did  his  work  with  something 
more  than  conscientious  fidelity ;  he  was  inspired  by 
patriotic  zeal.  Nevertheless,  it  was  with  delight  that 
he  seized  upon  every  free  hour  for  his  novel,  for  the 
articles  which  he  was  able  to  send  home,  and  for  the 
poems  which  came  to  him.  "  The  Poet's  Journal "  ap- 
peared at  this  season,  and  his  American  correspond- 
ents kept  him  informed  of  its  fortunes.  The  poem 
from  its  structure  was  so  far  a  reflection  of  his  personal 
history  that  the  public,  which  does  not  trouble  itself 
with  fine  distinctions,  insisted  upon  accepting  it  as  a 
literal  transcript  of  his  experience.  No  artist  who  al- 
lows himself  to  use  the  results  of  his  own  moods  and 
thoughts,  careless  of  the  likeness  or  unlikeness  to  ex- 
ternal circumstances,  can  help  feeling  a  sense  of  an- 
noyance when  his  work  is  treated  as  a  thinly  disguised 
revelation  of  his  personal  history,  and  Bayard  Taylor 
had  the  mortification  of  seeing  his  poem  set  forth  by 
the  publishers  in  such  a  way  as  to  give  a  quasi-confir- 
mation  to  the  popular  conception  of  its  intention. 


404  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 


TO   JAMES    T.    FIELDS. 

United  States  Legation, 
St.  Petersburg,  December  16, 1862. 
.  .  .  The  days  are  now  at  their  darkest,  —  five  hours  of  sun- 
shine, —  but  the  season,  thus  far,  has  been  rather  mild.     With 
my  pelisse  of  raccoon  and  my  cap  of  skunk-skin,  I  take  my  daily 
walk  beside  the  frozen  Neva.     Sables  are  so  expensive  as  to  be 
vulgar,  and  skunk  (if  you  only  knew  it)  is  infinitely  handsomer. 
I  see  that  my  "  Journal  "  is  published.     But  why,  oh  why,  did 
you  issue  such  an  advertisement  ?    It  implicates  me,  indirectly, 

as  being 

"  Of  the  race 
Who  hawk  their  sorrows  in  the  market-place," 

gives  a  false  idea  of  the  book,  and  will  be  no  advantage  to  its  re- 
ception by  the  public.  I  see  the  newspapers  are  beginning  to 
speak  of  the  book  as  my  "  Life-Story,"  which  is  dreadful.  The 
"Journal"  is  not  entirely  the  record  of  my  own  experience, 
though  that  certainly  forms  its  basis.  Ernest  is  only  half  myself, 
and  Edith  is  only  one  fourth  my  wife.  The  story  is  a  mixture  of 
truth  and  poetry,  and  was  never  intended  to  be  put  forth  as  a 
personal  record.  The  advertisement  will  be  accepted  everywhere 
as  having  my  sanction,  the  thought  of  which  gives  me  a  cold 
shudder.  If  you  had  said  nothing  of  the  kind,  you  would  have 
left  an  air  of  mystery  about  the  book,  which  would  have  been  far 
more  attractive  (for  business  purposes)  than  an  explanation  so 
naked  as  to  be  almost  shameless.  But  the  mischief  is  done,  and 
for  all  the  rest  of  my  life  I  shall  be  annoyed  with  impertinent 
questions  about  an  experience  which  the  public  might  have  sur- 
mised, but  would  have  had  no  right  to  assume,  if  it  had  not  been 
stated  in  this  way.  I  never  thought  to  warn  you  against  any- 
thing of  the  kind,  because  you  have  always  been  so  discreet  and 
considerate  heretofore. 

Please  send  me  a  dozen  copies  of  the  book,  to  Triibner,  from 
whom  I  can  get  them  through  the  English  bookseller  here.  I 
should  also  like  to  have  copies  sent  in  my  name  to  Thackeray, 
Tennyson,  Kingsley,  Arnold,  Browning,  Proctor,  Freiligrath, 
Tom  Taylor,  and  Hughes  ;  also,  to  Adolf  Strodtmann  (care  of 
Hoffman  &  Campe,  Hamburg),  a  German  poet,  who  translates 
American  authors  better  than  any  other  living  man.  Let  me 
also  know  how  the  book  is  received  at  home.     I  shall  be  glad  if 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  405 

yon  can  forward  me  any  notice  of  it  which  is  really  intelligent 
and  discriminating.  The  usual  wishy-washy  notices  I  don't  care 
to  see. 

My  novel  is  nearly  finished.  My  wife  thinks  it  fine,  hut  she  's 
not  impartial.  It  is  at  least  entertaining,  which  is  the  first  requi- 
site, and  also  quite  original  in  its  subject.  It  ought  to  he  a  suc- 
cess, hut  there  's  no  telling  in  advance.  We  send  greetings  to 
all  friends. 

TO   R.    H.    STODDARD. 

United  States  Legation, 
St.  Petersburg,  December  23,  1862. 
Many  thanks  for  your  letter,  which  came  yesterday.  I  am  too 
glad  at  hearing  from  you  to  scold  you  for  what  you  have  not  told 
me  —  though  I  might  reasonably  complain  of  your  not  sending 
me  your  "  column  "  from  the  "  World."  Pray  send  me  any  sen- 
sible and  discriminating  criticisms.  Of  course,  I  don't  care  about 
seeing  the  usual  wishy- washy  stuff  of  which  "  book  notices  "  are 
made.  You  are  quite  right  about  the  advertisement  of  the  book. 
I  am  very  much  vexed  and  mortified,  and  have  written  so  to 
Fields.  My  object  was  simply  to  represent  in  poetry  the  moods 
of  such  an  experience  as  mine,  not  the  experience  itself.  Your 
criticism,  nevertheless,  is  correct,  and  I  wish  you  had  made  it 
when  you  read  the  MSS.  The  poems,  as  a  whole,  lack  distinct 
form,  and  I  could  easily  have  corrected  this  fault.  I  could  very 
much  improve  them  now.  I  think  I  am  a  better  poet  now  than 
ever  before  ;  at  least,  I  see  my  own  deficiencies  more  clearly.  I 
have  lost,  may  be,  a  little  lyric  swing,  but  I  had  an  overplus  of 
it  at  the  start.  Why  do  you  give  your  opinion  so  —  hesitatingly, 
I  was  about  to  write,  but  not  quite  that  —  with  a  half -apology 
for  it  ?  I  detect,  in  fact,  Dick,  or  rather  feel,  in  reading  your  let- 
ter, a  lack  of  your  usual  downright  utterance  to  me,  almost  im- 
plying a  fear  that  I  shall  not  understand  you  properly.  When- 
ever I  write  trash  I  want  one  man  to  tell  me  of  it,  and  that  man 
is  yourself.  You  and  I,  I  think,  will  always  understand  each 
other  completely.  ...  I  have  made  a  number  of  lofty  titled  ac- 
quaintances, but,  between  ourselves,  I  wouldn't  give  you  for 
five  crowned  heads,  nor  L.  for  twenty-five  princesses  in  moire 
antique,  with  pearls  as  big  as  walnuts.  These  people  are  fear- 
fully and  wonderfully  dressed,  speak  French  nothings  with  great 
elegance,  but  a  square  mile  of  them  couldn't  get  up  such  an 
evening  as  we  two  and  you  two,  with  Stedman,  Tom,  Graham, 


406  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Booth,  George,  and  the  rest.  The  fact  is,  I  have  been  used  to 
the  best  society  in  the  world  at  home,  and  this  is  coming  down 
a  little.  I  study  hard  at  Russian,  which  is  a  tough  but  most 
attractive  language.  I  like  it  hugely.  "  Hannah  Thurston  "  is 
nearly  at  the  end  of  her  rope.  I  shall  be  sorry  when  I  get  her 
off  my  hands,  for  she  is  pleasant  company  for  me.  .  .  . 

TO  JAMES   T.    FIELDS. 

United  States  Legation, 
St.  Petersburg,  January  24,  1863. 

.  •  .  Your  account  of  the  sale  of  my  poems  and  the  reception 
they  met  with  is  very  pleasant  to  receive,  though  nothing  can 
quite  console  me  for  the  manner  of  the  announcement.  The  first 
effect  of  it  reached  me  in  the  New  York  "  Times,"  so  thoroughly 
mean  and  nasty  that  I  tore  up  the  paper  lest  my  wife  should 
see  it.  If  I  had  chosen  to  represent  my  own  history,  out  and 
out,  with  real  name,  I  should  have  boldly  done  so.  Petrarca, 
Dante,  Byron,  and  Longfellow  (in  "  Hyperion  ")  have  described 
theirs,  and  no  one  finds  anything  wrong  in  it.  But  I  have  not 
chosen  to  represent  more  than  certain  moods  or  phases  of  pas- 
sion out  of  what  is  not  an  unusual  experience,  and  therefore  do 
not  wish  the  poems  to  be  read  with  the  impression  now  given 
to  them.  However,  I  shall  write  nothing  more  of  the  kind,  in  all 
probability.  My  present  plans,  at  least,  include  something  very 
different  as  my  next  poetic  venture.  I  hope  you  will  have  given 
heed  to  my  request,  and  have  sent  me  any  really  critical  notices,  if 
such  have  appeared.  I  have  not  written  any  rhyme  since  "  The 
Test,"  but  have  two  poems  in  process  of  mental  incubation. 

For  the  last  month  I  have  devoted  myself  to  sickness,  balls, 
and  diplomacy.  First,  I  had  a  week's  attack,  then  my  wife,  and 
now  our  little  girl  is  just  turning  the  crisis  of  a  violent  fever. 
The  winter  is  disgustingly  warm,  and  correspondingly  unhealthy. 
Our  skating  melts  as  fast  as  it  freezes,  the  ice-hills  loosen  and 
slip  down  in  avalanches,  and  the  splendid  winter  teams  of  the 
noblesse  bump  along  the  streets,  more  in  mud  than  in  snow.  We 
have  had  some  grand  balls  at  the  court  and  elsewhere,  but  one 
soon  gets  enough  of  this  brilliant  artificial  life.  My  wife  has  been 
presented  to  the  Empress  (the  Emperor  presented  himself  with- 
out ceremony),  and  we  are  now  invited  to  all  the  solemnities 
going.  My  diplomacy,  owing  to  circumstances,  has  both  been 
very  important  to  the  country  and  very  successful  ("  though  I  say 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  407 

it  that  should  n't "),  and  I  shall  therefore  take  iny  probahle  fail- 
ure of  the  appointment  very  philosophically.  The  fact  is,  I 
scarcely  expect  it,  knowing  so  well  the  usual  practice  of  our  re- 
publican government  to  consider  only  party  services,  without  re- 
gard to  fitness  or  propriety.  But  I  shall  soou  have  completed  six 
months'  service  as  independent  representative,  and  can  then  re- 
turn home,  if  need  be,  without  pecuniary  loss,  and  with  a  good 
deal  of  valuable  experience.  I  am  satisfied,  at  least,  that  I  was 
right  in  coming  here,  however  my  further  plans  may  fad. 

In  Russian  I  begin  to  read  with  tolerable  facility,  even  poetry. 
It  is  a  tough  language,  though,  I  assure  you.  But  in  society 
here  one  rarely  hears  anything  except  French.  The  tone  of  the 
higher  Russian  society  is  quite  free  and  agreeable,  with  a  certain 
democratic  air.  I  saw  the  Emperor  the  other  night,  at  a  private 
ball  given  by  Count  Apraxin,  sit  down  and  play  a  game  of  cards 
like  any  other  mortal,  and  the  dancing  and  conversation  went 
on  as  if  he  were  not  present.  You  would  n't  see  such  a  thing  in 
London  or  Paris. 

I  get  the  "  Atlantic  "  regularly  from  Trubner,  and  find  it  a 
great  consolation.  I  must  say,  however,  that  I  am  glad  to  reach 
the  end  of  "  Mr.  Axtell."  Holmes's  "  Hunt "  is  admirably  writ- 
ten. I  congratulate  you  on  keeping  up  the  magazine  so  suc- 
cessfully, and  am  glad  to  hear  of  your  good  publishing  business. 
Remember  me  to  all  the  good  fellows  (and  there  are  many  of 
them)  in  Boston. 

United  States  Legation, 
St.  Petersburg,  February  18,  1863. 
Your  kind  little  note,  with  the  photos  —  excellent  ones — reached 
me  safely.  I  am  very  glad  to  find  that  you  had  no  hand  in  the 
unfortunate  announcement :  it  was  incredible  to  me  that  it  could 
be  so.  I  have  never  been  more  astonished  than  when  I  saw  it. 
We  will  let  the  matter  drop,  as  one  of  those  unpleasant  features 
of  life  which  must  be  forgotten,  as  far  as  possible.  .  .  . 

Just  now  I  am  completely  used  up  with  splendid  festivities. 
The  marriage  of  the  young  Duchess  of  Leuchtenberg  with  Prince 
Wilhelm  of  Baden  has  given  rise  to  a  succession  of  court  balls, 
which  last  nearly  all  night,  which  I  must  attend  (for  official 
reasons),  and  can't  slip  away  from  before  the  end,  because  such 
delinquency  would  be  noticed  and  reported.  I  am  heartily 
fatigued  in  body  and  mind,  and  look  forward  to  my  approaching 
departure  with  complacency. 


408  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

I  shall  certainly  not  get  the  appointment.  If  I  had  succeeded 
in  bringing  ridicule  on  the  legation,  if  my  dispatches  were  writ- 
ten in  shocking  English  and  without  the  least  evidence  of  pru- 
dence or  judgment,  I  might  have  some  chance.  But  as  every 
dispatch  from  home  expresses  complete  satisfaction  with  my  pro- 
ceedings, I  am  sure  that  I  shall  fail.  Every  evidence  of  fitness 
tells  against  me.  I  am  not  square  enough  to  be  put  into  this 
round  hole.     I  am  serious.  .  .  . 

I  shall  leave  here  about  the  1st  of  April,  on  a  flying  trip  to  the 
Caspian  and  the  Caucasus,  first  sending  my  family  to  Germany. 
Shall  reach  home  in  July  or  August,  entirely  satisfied  that  I 
came  here,  but  not  sorry  to  get  back  again. 

I  have  been  treated  this  winter  with  the  most  grateful  kind- 
ness and  courtesy  by  all  members  of  the  imperial  family.  They 
know  something  about  my  books,  it  seems  ;  the  Empress,  in  par- 
ticular, has  questioned  me  a  great  deal  about  my  travels.  She 
is  one  of  the  most  charming  women  in  Europe.  Lent  begins 
next  Monday,  and  then  I  shall  get  a  little  rest  from  these  social 
labors  ;  for  labors  in  some  respects  they  are. 

In  the  early  spring  Bayard  Taylor  had  the  good 
fortune  to  intercept  dispatches  from  Mr.  Benjamin, 
Jefferson  Davis's  Secretary  of  State,  to  Mr.  Lamar, 
who  had  been  appointed  agent  of  the  Confederacy  at 
St.  Petersburg.  The  dispatches  contained  instructions 
not  to  permit  the  introduction  of  a  clause  prohibiting 
the  African  slave-trade  in  any  treaty  of  amity  and 
commerce  which  the  Confederate  States  might  make, 
after  Russia  should  have  recognized  their  independ- 
ence, on  the  ground  that  the  treaty-making  power  of 
the  States  was  not  authorized  to  deal  with  the  subject. 
It  was  classed  among  those  powers  which  the  Confeder- 
ate States,  "  without  delegating  them  to  the  general 
government,  have  thought  proper  to  exercise  by  direct 
agreement  among  themselves."  In  transmitting  these 
dispatches  to  Mr.  Seward,  Bayard  Taylor  caustically 
remarks,  "  It  is  a  curious  illustration  of  the  combat 
of  the  powers  of  light  and  darkness  for  the  possession 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  409 

of  the  world  that,  on  this  3d  day  of  March,  1863,  the 
day  of  jubilee,  on  which  twenty  millions  of  serfs  be- 
come free  forever,  I  forward  to  you  an  insidious  doc- 
ument in  the  interest  of  human  slavery.  " 

He  sent  copies  of  the  dispatches  to  Mr.  Dayton,  the 
United  States  Minister  at  Paris,  and  to  Mr.  Adams, 
at  London.  Mr.  Dayton,  in  his  acknowledgment, 
says,  "  As  its  use  was  intended  solely  for  the  season 
subsequent  to  the  acknowledgment  by  foreign  powers 
of  the  Confederacy,  it  may  be  questioned  whether  Mr. 
Benjamin  has  lately  read  the  story  of  the  milkmaid, 
her  eggs  and  her  chickens  !  "  Mr.  Adams,  after  ex- 
posing the  sophistry  of  the  dispatch,  says  shrewdly, 
"  The  truth  is  that  the  President's  proclamation  [of 
January  1,  1863]  has  laid  a  stumbling-block  in  the 
way  of  all  these  intriguers  in  Europe,  which  they  do 
not  yet  manage  to  evade.  In  this  country  it  has  de- 
veloped an  amount  of  popular  sympathy  which  for 
the  moment  checkmates  the  energies  of  all  the  upper 
classes.  In  all  Europe  the  issue  is  plain  between 
vested  rights  and  popular  liberty.  The  bald  pretense 
that  these  people  are  struggling  with  oppression  is  re- 
futed by  the  proof  given  that  on  the  contrary  they  are 
fighting  only  to  establish  it.  In  opposition  to  all  this, 
what  is  the  effect  of  such  a  document  as  the  present 
but  to  show  the  way  in  which  the  conspirators  cower 
under  the  apprehension  of  a  possible  application  to 
their  case  of  the  opinion  of  the  civilized  world  ?  Ver- 
ily such  is  the  doom  of  the  unrighteous  !  Jefferson 
was  right  in  saying  that  he  trembled  for  his  country- 
men when  he  reflected  that  God  is  just." 

It  was  not  long  after  this  incident  that  Bayard  Tay- 
lor learned  of  the  appointment  as  Minister  to  Russia 
of  Hon.  Cassius  M.  Clay,  who  had  regretted  his  resig- 


410  BAYARD    TAYLOR. 

nation  when  Mr.  Cameron  came  to  take  his  place,  and 
had  sought  a  reappointment  upon  Mr.  Cameron's  re- 
turn to  America.  Bayard  Taylor  resigned  his  posi- 
tion at  once  as  secretary  of  legation,  remaining  only 
long  enough  in  St.  Petersburg,  after  Mr.  Clay  re- 
turned, to  pass  over  the  papers  of  the  office  and  make 
necessary  explanations. 

TO   R.   H.   STODDARD. 

St.  Petersburg,  March  15,  1863. 

...  I  have  not  much  news  to  give  since  I  wrote  to  L.  There 
is  a  slight  let-up  in  the  social  tread-mill,  and  I  have  made  use 
of  it  to  work  at  my  novel.  I  am  at  the  thirty-first  chapter, 
and  there  will  he  only  five  more.  It  will  be  finished  in  a  fort- 
night, greatly  to  my  regret,  for  the  writing  of  it  has  been  a  pos- 
itive pleasure  to  me.  I  have  written  only  one  poem  recently, 
"  The  Neva."  We  are  both  now  rather  glad  that  I  shall  not  be 
appointed  minister  ;  we  could  hardly  endure  two  more  years  of 
exile.  If  my  novel  succeeds,  I  have  two  more  planned  out  in 
my  brain,  and  that  will  give  me  occupation  at  home.  All  I  want 
is  to  get  above  the  necessity  of  lecturing.  The  "  Tribune "  is 
now  making  money,  and  my  lost  revenue  from  that  source  will 
soon  be  restored,  I  hope.  I  have  learned  a  great  deal  here  this 
winter,  and  the  knowledge  is  satisfactory  in  every  way.  Not  the 
least  refreshing  result  is  the  new  delight  in  our  old  life  with 
you,  after  the  contrast  of  this  splendid  but  hollow  existence.  I 
always  wanted  to  know  this  sort  of  thing  as  a  part  of  my  cos- 
mical  experience.  I  have  it  now  as  thoroughly  as  if  I  had  lived 
here  twenty  years. 

I  suppose  Clay  will  be  here  in  five  or  six  weeks,  and  then  I 
shall  at  once  go  "  where  the  sands  of  the  Caspian  are  sparkling  " 
with  a  tooral  looral,  etc.  (see  Tom  Moore).  "  My  friend,"  the 
Grand  Duke  Michael,  is  now  commander  of  the  Caucasus,  and 
I  expect  he  will  entertain  me  properly  when  I  visit  him.  But 
I  will  write  to  you  again  as  my  fate  develops  further.  .  .  . 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

St.  Petersburg,  April  11,  1863. 
.  .  .  We  are  delighted  at  the  prospect  of  getting  home  again, 
and  shall  come  back  thoroughly  rested  and  refreshed.    If  I  could 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  411 

only  manage  to  live  without  being  obliged  to  lecture,  I  should  be 
perfectly  satisfied.  Perhaps  my  novel  may  prove  a  success,  and 
then  I  shall  be  able  to  do  it.  I  did  not  know  how  much  my 
mind  had  been  exhausted  until  this  relief  showed  it  to  me. 

St.  Petersburg,  May  11,  1863. 
I  believe  I  have  not  written  to  you  since  the  arrival  of  the  new 
minister.  I  will  do  so  now,  as  I  shall  probably  leave  here  in  a 
week,  at  farthest,  and  will  be  hurried  during  the  last  days  of  my 
stay.  Clay  came  on  the  29th  of  April,  but  was  not  received  by 
the  Emperor  until  the  7th  instant,  until  which  time  I  remained 
charge.  Since  then,  I  have  been  posting  him  in  the  business  of 
the  legation  and  putting  the  papers  in  complete  order,  so  that  he 
can  do  without  a  secretary  until  somebody  is  appointed  for  him. 
I  wrote  to  the  President  in  the  most  positive  terms  that  I  would 
stay  under  no  conditions,  and  a  letter  from  Cameron,  dated  April 
20th,  says  that  he  told  Liucoln  the  same  thing.  Cameron  says  he 
is  just  about  to  visit  Cedarcroft,  and  I  presume  he  will  have 
been  there  long  before  this  reaches  you.  In  that  case  he  has 
probably  hinted  that  the  government  (President  and  Secretary 
of  State)  feel  that  I  have  been  treated  rather  shabbily  in  the 
matter  of  this  mission,  and  propose  a  special  piece  of  work  for 
me.  What  it  is  I  am  not  now  permitted  to  say,  because  I  shall 
not  decide  whether  to  accept  it  or  not  until  I  get  further  details 
from  Washington.  I  will  only  say  this,  —  that  it  will  postpone  my 
return  about  six  months.  It  is  something  special  and  temporary, 
involving  the  highest  confidence  and  trust,  and  altogether  more 
distinguished  and  important  than  the  Russian  mission.  You  are 
to  keep  the  matter  a  profound  secret,  not  even  telling  thus  much 
to  any  one  outside  of  our  immediate  household.  In  case  I  accept 
I  shall  be  sorry  not  to  get  home  so  soon,  —  though  the  delay  will 
be  slight  in  proportion  to  the  great  advantage  gained,  —  more 
sorry  for  your  sakes  than  for  ours,  because  I  know  you  must 
miss  us,  having  less  variety  and  entertainment  to  fill  out  the  time 
than  we  have.  But  I  must  ask  you  to  have  a  little  patience,  for 
the  sake  of  the  great  advantage.  My  one  ambition  is  to  be  able 
to  live  without  lecturing,  so  as  to  be  more  at  home  and  devote  my 
time  to  authorship  ;  this  business  will  enable  me  to  do  that. 

The  special  mission  thus  referred  to  was  to  the 
Persian  court.     The  amity  between  the  Russian  and 


412  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

United  States  governments  had  been  strengthened  by 
the  ordeal  of  the  war  for  the  Union,  since  Russia 
alone  of  the  great  powers  had  unequivocally  shown 
herself  a  friend  of  the  Union.  It  was  conceived  that 
this  friendship  could  be  sealed  more  completely  if  the 
United  States  were  to  enter  into  diplomatic  relations 
with  Persia,  since  it  was  clear  to  statesmen  that  the 
movements  of  Russia  in  the  future  would  be  on  that 
frontier,  and  any  moral  support  which  the  United 
States,  as  an  English-speaking  people,  might  thus 
grant  to  Russia  would  be  of  peculiar  value.  All  this 
appears  to  have  been  only  vaguely  outlined.  Explicit 
instructions  were  to  follow,  and  for  these  Bayard  Tay- 
lor impatiently  waited,  first  at  St.  Petersburg,  and 
then  at  Gotha. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Gotha,  June  22,  1863. 
...  I  am  looking  every  day  for  the  dispatches  promised  to  me 
from  Washington.  My  presentiment  is  that  the  new  offer  will 
be,  on  the  whole,  hardly  worth  my  acceptance,  and  that  we  shall 
return  home  this  summer.  The  work  proposed  for  me  to  do  is 
very  agreeable,  but  I  fear  the  remuneration  will  not  be  what  it 
should  be.  I  shall  only  take  it  in  case  it  pays  well,  and  can  be 
accomplished  in  six  months.  .  .  .  M.  and  I  have  an  intense  long- 
ing to  be  back  in  Cedarcroft.  .  .  .  M.  has  translated  "  Hannah 
Thurston,"  except  the  last  three  chapters.  There  are  thirty-six 
in  all.  You  only  heard  seven  before  I  left  home.  A  publisher 
in  Hamburg  has  already  offered  to  bring  out  the  translation,  and 
will  pay  two  hundred  thalers  for  it.     Putnam  is  very  anxious 

to  get  the  original.     I  have  also  a  letter  from about  the 

"  Tribune,"  which  is  doing  remarkably  well,  in  spite  of  the  high 
price  of  paper. 

While  waiting  for  definite  news  from  Washington, 
Bayard  Taylor  made  excursions  to  the  Bohemian  For- 
est, and  with  his  wife  to  Coburg,  where  they  were  the 
guests  of  their  Highnesses  the  Duke  and  Duchess,  and 


THE  RUSSIAN  MISSION.  413 

to  Switzerland  and  the  Italian  lakes.  On  their  return 
finally  to  Gotha,  July  23d,  they  found  letters  from 
home  announcing  the  death  of  Bayard  Taylor's  young- 
est brother,  Frederick,  who  fell  at  Gettysburg.  This 
decided  them  to  return  at  once  to  America. 

TO   HIS   MOTHER. 

Gotha,  July  24,  1863. 

I  hoped  this  blow  might  have  heen  spared  for  your  sake.  I 
will  bear  ray  share  of  it,  though  to  me  it  is  very,  very  hard.  No- 
body knows  how  dear  Fred  was  to  me  :  through  him  I  knew 
what  a  brother's  love  meant.  I  had  brighter  hopes  for  him  than 
for  myself  :  he  was  better  and  nobler  than  I.  A  purer,  braver, 
and  more  beautiful  soul  never  visited  the  earth.  Let  us  at  least 
be  thankful,  even  in  our  sorrow,  that  we  possessed  him,  —  that 
the  glory  of  his  life  and  death  has  become  a  treasure  that  cannot 
be  taken  away  from  us.  If  we  must  lose  him,  we  could  not  lose 
him  at  a  better  time,  or  in  a  more  glorious  way.  Thank  God 
that  his  precious  blood  was  not  shed  in  vain,  but  helped  to  buy 
the  victory  which  saved  our  country  !  Thank  God  that  he  fell  in 
the  front  rank,  and  that  his  passing  away  was  painless  and  sub- 
lime !  We  must  think  of  these  things  :  they  are  a  sad  consola- 
tion in  our  bitter  loss.  No  stain  rests  on  his  memory.  He 
stands  in  the  ranks  of  the  perfect  heroes. 

I  anticipated  the  news.  I  awoke  on  the  morning  of  the  4th 
with  a  terrible  weight  in  my  heart,  —  a  weight  which  I  carried 
with  me  and  could  not  shake  off.  When  I  saw  the  outside  of  the 
letter  yesterday,  I  knew  what  it  contained.  The  blow  was  not 
less  severe  because  it  was  softened  by  anticipation.  I  had  tried 
to  overcome  my  fear,  to  create  an  artificial  hope,  but  in  vain. 
Something  told  me  a  great  sorrow  had  fallen  upon  us.  Try  and 
bear  it  until  we  come  to  you  ;  for  we  are  coming.  I  have  no 
heart  to  serve  an  administration  which  has  so  prolonged  the  war 
by  its  miserable  incompetency.  You  need  us  now  more  than  the 
country.  We  shall  be  back  in  six  weeks  from  this  time.  I  have 
to-day  written  to  Liverpool  to  take  passage,  and  to  St.  Petersburg 
to  have  my  boxes  sent  on. 

I  will  write  to  A.  to-morrow.  I  cannot  write  more  now.  I  can 
no  longer  see  through  my  tears.  My  poor  mother  and  father  ! 
I  would  gladly  bear  a  greater  pain,  if  I  could  make  yours  less. 
God  bless  and  keep  you  ! 


414  BAYARD   TAYLOR. 

Bayard  Taylor  and  his  family  reached  America 
September  8th,  and  went  immediately  to  Cedarcroft. 
Later,  he  sought  an  explanation  of  the  Secretary  of 
State  for  the  singular  manner  in  which  he  had  been 
treated.  No  satisfactory  explanation  was  ever  given. 
Some  faint  murmur  of  "  no  funds  "  was  allowed  to 
take  the  place  of  an  explanation,  and  when  he  went  to 
see  Mr.  Lincoln  the  latter  was  astonished  to  find  he 
was  not  in  Persia.  Mr.  Lincoln  had  left  everything 
to  Mr.  Seward,  and  had  taken  it  for  granted  that  in- 
structions and  funds  had  been  sent  months  before. 


Deacidified  using  the  Bookkeeper  process. 
Neutralizing  agent:  Magnesium  Oxide 
Treatment  Date:  Oct.  2009 

PreservationTechnologies 

A  WORLD  LEADER  IN  COLLECTIONS  PRESERVATION 
111  Thomson  Part;  Drive 
Cranberry  Township,  PA  1 6066 
(724)  779-2111 


