t> 


s 


r^  <- 


,        ,.P1^ 


4 


i 


p» 


c* 


ORATIONS 


SPEECHES 


VARIOUS  OCCASIONS, 


EDWARD     EVERETT. 


VOL.  IV. 


BOSTON: 
LITTLE,    BROWN,    AND    COMPANY. 

1868. 


5>  ClL 

£i3 
If(,f 


Entered  according  to  Act  of  Congress,  in  the  year  1868,  Dy 

LITTLE,    BROWN,   AND    COMPANY, 

in  the  Clerk's  Office  of  the  District  Court  for  the  District  of  Massachusetts. 


University  Press:  Welch,  Bigelow,  &  Co., 

Cambridge. 


PREFACE 

TO    THE    FOURTH    VOLUME 


The  orations  and  speeches  contained  in  the  present  vol- 
ume were  all  delivered  subsequent  to  July,  1858,  with  the 
exception  of  that  on  the  Character  of  Washington,  originally- 
spoken  on  the  22d  February,  1856,  and  repeated  at  inter- 
vals till  the  spring  of  1861.  Tt  has  never  before  been 
printed. 

The  address  entitled  "  Franklin  the  Boston  Boy,"  and 
"  The  Causes  and  Conduct  of  the  War,"  have  also  never 
appeared  in  type;  that  at  the  dinner  to  Prince  Napoleon 
has  been  privately  printed  only ;  the  remaining  speeches 
are  all  republications,  in  some  cases  from  newspaper  reports, 
which  never  received  the  author's  correction,  and  in  which, 
therefore,  some  errors  may  be  detected. 

The  first  three  volumes  contained  no  addresses  of  a  po- 
litical character.  In  accordance  with  what  appears  to  have 
been  the  author's  intention,  the  present  volume  compre- 
hends two  speeches  partaking  of  that  nature,  —  the  fifteenth 
and  fifty-fourth,  on  pages  235  and  698.  They  were  both 
spoken  long  after  the  close  of  the  author's  official  life,  and 
are  neither  of  them  a  contribution  to  partisan  literature. 

The  republication  of  other  writings  of  Mr.  Everett's,  and 
a  memoir  of  his  life,  are  in  contemplation. 

H.   S.  E. 

W.  E. 

Boston,  1st  September,  1868. 


CONTENTS 


THE    FOURTH    VOLUME. 


I. 

The  Character  of  Washington, 3 

An  Address  delivered  before  the  Mercantile  Library  Asso- 
ciation of  Boston,  on  the  22d  of  February,  1856,  and  repeated 
in  many  Places. 

II. 

Cattle-Show  at  Springfield, 52 

Address  at  the  Banquet  of  the  Hampden  County  Agricultural 
Society  at  Springfield,  17th  September,  1858. 

III. 

The  New  York  State  Inebriate  Asylum, GO 

Remarks  at  the  laying  of  the  Corner-Stone  of  the  State  In- 
ebriate Asylum  at  Binghamton,  New  York,  24th  September, 
1858. 

IV. 

Agricultural  Society  at  Danvers, G5 

Remarks  made  at  the  Dinner  of  the  Essex  Agricultural  So- 
ciety at  Danvers,  30th  September,  1858. 


vi  CONTENTS. 

V. 

Minot's  Ledge  Light-House, 75 

Remarks  at  the   laying  of  the   Corner-Stone  of  the  Light- 
House  on  Minot's  Ledge,  2d  October,  1858. 

VI. 

Eulogy  on  Thomas  Dowse, 79 

Pronounced  before  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society,  9th 
December,  1858. 


VII. 

Franklin  the  Boston  Bot, 108 

An   Address   delivered   before   the   Association  of  Franklin 
Medal  Scholars,  in  the  Music  Hall,  Boston,  19th  January,  1859. 


_VIII. 

William  Hickling  Prescott, 130 

Remarks  made  at  a  stated  Monthly  Meeting  of  the  Massa- 
chusetts Historical  Society,  10th  February,  1859. 

IX. 

Henry  Hallam, 137 

Remarks  at  a  Private  Meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Histori- 
cal Society,  24th  February,  1859. 

X. 

Latin  School  Prize  Declamation, 143 

Remarks   at   the   Distribution  of  the  Prizes  for  Declamation 
in  the  Boston  Public  Latin  Grammar  School,  21st  May,  1859.      143 


CONTENTS.  Vll 

XI. 

Powers's  Statue  of  Webster, 146 

Remarks  made  on  the  8th  of  June,  1859,  at  a  Meeting  of 
the  General  Committee  of  One  Hundred  on  the  Webster 
Memorial. 

XII. 

Alexander  Von  Humboldt, 170 

Remarks  made  at  a  Stated  Meeting  of  the  Massachusetts 
Historical  Society,  9th  June,  1859. 

XIII. 

"Rufus  Choate, 178 

Remarks  at  a  Meeting  of  the  Citizens  of  Boston  in  Faneuil 
Hall,  23d  July,  1859. 

XIV. 

Daniel  Webster, 186 

An  Oration  delivered  in  the  Boston  Music  Hall  at  the  In- 
auguration of  Powers's  Statue  of  Daniel  Webster,  17th  Sep- 
tember, 1859. 

XV. 

Union  Meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall, 235 

Remarks  at  the  Meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall,  held  on  Thurs- 
day, December  8,  1859,  to  take  notice  of  the  recent  tragic 
events  at  Harper's  Ferry,  Va. 

XVI. 

Washington  Irving, 248 

Remarks  before  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society,  15th 
December,  1859. 


Viii  CONTENTS. 

XVII. 

Birthday  of  Washington  Irving, 256 

Remarks  made  at  the  Celebration  of  the  Birthday  of  Wash- 
ington Irving  in  New  York,  3d  April,  1860. 

XYIII. 
Eliot  School-House, 263 

Remarks    at   the  Dedication  of  the    Eliot    School-House   in 
North  Bennet  Street,  22d  December,  1859. 

XIX. 
Henry  D.  Gilpin, 268 

Remarks    made    at  a    Stated   Meeting  of  the  Massachusetts 
Historical  Society,  9th  February,  1860. 


XX. 

American  Expedition  to  the  Arctic  Sea, 273 

Remarks  on  taking  the  Chair  at  a  Meeting  held  at  the 
Lowell  Institute,  8th  May,  1860,  on  Dr.  Hayes's  proposed 
Expedition  to  the  Arctic  Sea. 


XXI. 

Sanitary  Convention, 277 

Remarks  at  the  Dinner  of  the  Sanitary  Convention  in  Bos- 
ton, 19th  June,  1860. 

XXII. 

Vindication  of  American  Institutions, 283 

Oration  delivered  before  the  City  Authorities  of  Boston,  on 
the  Fourth  of  July,  1860,  at  the  Celebration  of  the  Eighty- 
Fourth  Anniversary  of  American  Independence. 


CONTENTS.  ix 


XXIII. 


Inauguration  of  President  Felton, 311 

Remarks    at    the    Dinner  of  the    Association  of   Alumni   of 
Harvard  College,  19th  July,  1860. 


XXIV. 

Everett  School-House, 317 

Remarks  at  the  Dedication  of  the  Everett  School-House  in 
Boston,  17th  September,  1860. 

XXV. 

Flag-Raising  in  Chester  Square, 326 

Remarks  on  the  Occasion  of  Raising  the  American  Flag  in 
Chester  Square,  Boston,  27th  April,  1861. 

XXVI. 

The  Call  to  Arms, 330 

Remarks  at  Roxbury,  8th  May,  1861,  in  behalf  of  the  Fam- 
ilies of  the  Volunteers. 

XXVII. 

Daniel  Dewey  Barnard, 339 

Remarks  at  a  Stated  Meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Histori- 
cal Society,  13th  June,  1861. 

XXVIII. 

The  Questions  of  the  Day, 345 

An    Address   delivered    in    the  Academy  of  Music    in    New 
York,  on  the  4th  of  July,  1861. 

XXIX. 

"  E  Pluribus  Unum," 412 

Reprinted  from  the  New  York  Ledger. 


X  CONTEXTS. 

XXX. 

Nathan  Appleton, 421 

Remarks  on  the  Death  of  Hon.  Nathan  Appleton,  delivered 
at  Merchants'  Exchange,  Boston,  16th  July,  1861. 

XXXI. 

Fiftieth  Anniversary  of  Graduation, 426 

Remarks  made  in  Harvard  Hall,  on  Commencement  Day, 
17th  July,  1861. 

XXXII. 

The  Twelfth  Massachusetts  Regiment, 431 

Remarks  at  the  Presentation  of  Colors  to  the  Webster 
Regiment  (Twelfth  Massachusetts  Volunteers),  on  Boston  Com- 
mon, 19th  July,  1861. 

XXXIII. 
Agriculture  as  affected  by  the  "War, 435 

An  Address  delivered  before  the*  Union  Agricultural  Society 
of  Adams,  Rodman,  and  Loraine,  Jefferson  County,  New  York, 
12th  September,  1861. 

XXXIY. 

Dinner  to  Prince  Napoleon, 457 

Address  of  Welcome  to  His  Imperial  Highness  Prince  Na- 
poleon, at  the  Revere  House,  Boston,  25th  September,  1861. 

XXXV. 

The  Causes  and  Conduct  of  the  Civil  War,  ....    464 

Delivered  before  the  Mercantile  Library  Association  of  Bos- 
ton, 16th  October,  1861,  and  repeated  in  many  Places. 


CONTENTS.  XI 

XXXYI. 

Cornelius  Conway  Felton, 491 

Remarks  made  at  a  Meeting  of  the  Board  of  Overseers  of 
Harvard  College,  in  the  Hall  of  the  Medical  School,  12th 
March,  1862. 

XXXVII. 

The  Army  of  the  Potomac, 498 

Remarks  at  a  Meeting  held  in  Faneuil  Hall,  12th  July,  1862. 

XXXVIII. 

Opportunities  op  Harvard  Students, 507 

Remarks  at  the  Dinner  in  Harvard  Hall  on  Commencement 
Day,  16th  July,  1862. 

XXXIX. 
Female  Education,     ...         511 

Remarks  at  the  Exhibition  of  the  Everett  School,  21st  July, 
1862. 

XL. 

The  Duty  op  crushing  the  Kebellion, 516 

Remarks  at  the  Mass  Meeting  of  Ward  Four,  in  Tremont 
Temple,  Wednesday  Evening,  6th  August,  1862. 

XLI. 

The  Demand  for  Reinforcements, 530 

Remarks  at  the  Mass  Meeting  on  Boston  Common  under 
the  Auspices  of  the  Recruiting  Committee  of  One  Hundred 
and  Fifty,  27th  August,  1862. 


Xll  CONTENTS. 

XLIL 

The  Irish  Regiment, 540 

Remarks  at  the  Mass  Meeting  in  aid  of  the  Irish  Regiment, 
in  Faneuil  Hall,  9th  September,  1862. 

XLIII. 
Nathan  Hale, 547 

Remarks  at  a  Stated  Meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Histori- 
cal Society,  12th  February,  1863. 

XLIY. 

Inauguration  of  the  Union  Club, 553 

An  Address  delivered  at  the  Inauguration  of  the  Union 
Club,  in  Boston,  9th  April,  1863. 

XLV. 

United  States  Naval  Academy, 596 

An  Address  delivered  at  the  Annual  Examination  of  the 
United  States  Naval  Academy  at  Newport,  R.  I.,  28th  May, 
1863. 

XLVI. 

Harvard  College  in  the  War, 608 

Remarks  at  the  Dinner  of  the  Association  of  Alumni  of 
Harvard  College,  16th  July,  1863. 

XLVII. 

The  Education  op  the  Poor, 614 

Remarks  at  the  Examination  and  Exhibition  of  the  Ev- 
erett School,  20th  July,  1863. 


CONTENTS.  Xlll 

XLVIIL 

National  Cemetery  at  Gettysburg, 622 

Address  at   the  Consecration  of  the   National    Cemetery  at 
Gettysburg,  19th  November,  1863. 

XLIX. 

Aid  to  East  Tennessee, 660 

Remarks   at    a  Meeting  in    Faneuil   Hall,    10th    February, 
1864. 


The  Navy  in  the  "War, 666 

Remarks  in  the  Chair  at  the  Complimentary  Dinner  to  the 
Committee  on  Naval  Affairs  of  the  House  of  Representatives, 
at  the  Revere  House  in  Boston,  12th  March,  1864. 


LI. 

Russia  and  the  United  States, 674 

Remarks  at  the  Complimentary  Banquet  given  by  the  City 
Council  of  Boston  to  Rear- Admiral  Lessoffsky  and  the  Officers 
of  the  Russian  Fleet,  at  the  Revere  House,  June  7,  1864. 

LII. 

Josiah   Quincy, 684 

Remarks  at  a  Stated  Meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Histori- 
cal Society,  14th  July,  1864. 


Lin. 

The  Administration  of  President  Quency, 691 

Remarks    in   Harvard    Hall    on    Commencement    Day,  20th 
July,  1864. 


XIV  CONTENTS. 

LIV. 

The  Duty  of  Supporting  the  Government, 698 

Address  delivered  in  Faneuil  Hall,  19th  October,  1864. 

LV. 

The  Sailors'  Home, 729 

Remarks  at  the  Opening  of  the  Fair  for  the  Benefit  of  the 
Sailors'  Home,  in  the  Boston  Theatre,  9th  November,  1864. 

LVI. 

Reception  op  Captain  Winslow, 737 

Remarks  at  the  Public  Reception  of  Captain  J.  A.  Winslow 
and  the  Officers  and  Seamen  of  the  Kearsarge  in  Faneuil  Hall, 
10th  November,  1864. 

LVII. 

President  Lincoln, 741 

Remarks  at  the  Dinner  to  Captain  Winslow  and  the  Offi- 
cers of  the  Kearsarge,  in  the  Revere  House,  15th  November, 
1864. 

LVIIL 

Massachusetts  Electoral  College  of  1864,     ....     747 

Remarks  in  reply  to  a  Vote  of  Thanks  from  the  Massa- 
chusetts Electoral  College,  in  the  Senate  Chamber,  7th  De- 
cember, 1864. 

LIX. 

The  Relief  of  Savannah, 753 

Remarks  at  a  Public  Meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall  in  aid  of  the 
suffering  People  of  Savannah,  9th  January,  1865. 


ORATIONS    AND    SPEECHES. 


VOL.    IV. 


THE  CHARACTER  OF  WASHINGTON* 


[The  following  statement  relative  to  the  preparation  and  delivery  of  this 
Oration  was  made  by  the  author  in  pursuance  of  the  request  of  the  Chair- 
man of  the  Standing  Committee  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society, 
George  Livermore,  Esq.,  and  read  by  Mr.  Everett  at  the  meeting  of  that 
body  on  the  17th  of  June,  1858.] 

The  first  proposal  for  the  purchase  of  Mount  Vernon  by  private 
subscription,  as  far  as  I  am  aware,  was  made,  four  years  ago,  by  Miss 
Ann  Pamela  Cunningham,  a  native  of  South  Carolina,  of  a  Virginia 
family  on  the  mother's  side ;  and  to  her  zeal,  perseverance,  and  energy 
is  mainly  to  be  ascribed  whatever  success  has  attended  the  movement. 
This  most  estimable  lady,  under  the  signature  of  "  A  Southern  Ma- 
tron," which  she  has  retained  till  very  lately,  published,  in  the  year 
1853,  an  address  to  the  women  of  the  United  States,  calling  upon 
them  to  engage  in  a  general  effort  for  the  purchase  of  Mount  Vernon. 
Somewhat  later,  and  in  consequence  of  this  address,  an  association  of 
ladies  was  formed  in  Virginia  for  the  promotion  of  this  object,  with 
branches  in  several  of  the  other  States,  principally  at  the  South.  The 
payment  of  a  dollar  was  the  condition  of  membership ;  and  in  this  way 
a  considerable  fund  was  raised. 

Such  was  the  state  of  things,  when,  in  the  autumn  of  1855,  I  was 
requested  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Lecture  Committee  of  the  Boston 
Mercantile  Library  Association  (Mr.  Charles  G.  Chase)  to  deliver  the 
introductory,  or  some  other,  lecture  in  their  approaching  course.  But 
it  was  not  in  my  power  to  comply  with  this  request.  It  occurred  to 
me,  however,  soon  after,  that  the  next  winter  would  complete  a  century 
since  the  first  of  three  visits  made  by  Washington  to  Boston,  —  name- 
ly, in  1756,  1776,  and  1789  ;  and  that  this  circumstance  would  furnish 
an  appropriate  occasion  for  a  commemorative  discourse  on  the  22d 
of  February ;  particularly  if,  on  examination,  it  should  turn  out  that 

*An  Address  delivered  before  the  Mercantile  Library  Association  of 
Boston,  on  the  22d  of  February,  185t>,  and  repeated  in  many  places. 


4  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

Washington  passed  his  birthday  in  the  year  1756  at  Boston ;  which, 
however,  did  not  prove  to  be  the  case.  The  general  subject  grew 
upon  me  as  I  reflected  upon  it ;  and  I  determined  at  length  to  propose 
to  the  Lecture  Committee  of  the  Mercantile  Library  Association,  that 
they  should  celebrate  the  next  anniversary  of  the  birthday  of  Wash- 
ington, offering  to  prepare  for  that  occasion  a  discourse  upon  his  char- 
acter, the  proceeds  to  be  applied  to  some  commemorative  purpose.  I 
intended,  at  this  time,  to  treat  the  subject  very  much  in  its  historical 
aspects,  and  in  connection  with  the  three  visits  to  Boston  already  re- 
ferred to.  This  offer  was  readily  accepted,  and  the  proposed  celebra- 
tion was  announced  in  the  Boston  papers. 

About  this  time  I  received  an  invitation  to  deliver  an  address  be- 
fore some  society  in  Richmond,  Va. ;  I  think  the  Young  Men's  Chris- 
tian Association.  So  numerous  are  the  invitations  received  by  me  to 
deliver  public  addresses  and  lectures,  that,  to  avoid  the  difficulty  of 
making  discriminations,  I  am  obliged,  generally  speaking,  to  excuse 
myself  altogether.  I  accordingly  did  so  on  this  occasion ;  but  having 
accidentally  seen  a  short  time  before,  in  the  "  National  Intelligencer," 
some  notice  of  the  organization  and  objects  of  the  "  Ladies'  Mount 
Vernon  Association,"  I  offered  to  repeat  at  Richmond,  for  the  benefit 
of  that  institution,  the  discourse  on  the  character  of  Washington, 
which  I  was  under  engagement  to  prepare  for  the  Boston  Mercantile 
Library  Association  on  the  ensuing  22d  of  February.  This  offer  was 
readily  accepted ;  and  this  was  the  commencement  of  the  repetition 
of  my  discourse  for  the  benefit  of  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund. 

In  the  course  of  the  autumn  of  1855  I  received  invitations  to  de- 
liver addresses  before  a  Young  Men's  Society  at  New  Haven,  the 
Mercantile  Library  Association  at  New  York,  and  the  Maryland  In- 
stitute at  Baltimore.  Having  declined  previous  invitations  from  these 
places,  for  the  reason  above  given,  I  felt  disposed  to  accept  those  ex- 
tended to  me  this  season,  and  to  repeat  the  discourse  on  the  character 
of  Washington  ;  that  being  a  subject  of  equal  interest  throughout  the 
Union.  It  is  true,  that,  to  fit  it  for  repetition  in  the  several  places 
named,  it  would  be  necessary,  in  the  treatment,  wholly  to  abandon  my 
original  plan  of  dwelling  in  detail  on  Washington's  three  visits  to  Bos- 
ton, and  of  deriving  the  main  interest  of  the  discourse  from  the  suc- 
cessive developments  and  manifestations  of  his  character  in  the  events 
connected  with  those  visits.  Such  a  treatment  of  the  subject  would  be 
likely  to  command  the  sympathy  of  a  Boston  audience,  but  would,  in 
the  same  degree,  have  made  the  discourse  less  fitting  for  repetition 
elsewhere.     I  determined,  therefore,  after  accepting  the  invitations  to 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  O 

repeat  the  address  at  Richmond,  New  Haven,  New  York,  and  Balti- 
more, to  give  up  the  original  conception,  and,  after  a  brief  allusion  to 
the  three  visits  of  Washington  to  this  part  of  the  country,  to  devote  the 
rest  of  the  discourse  to  an  attempted  delineation  of  his  character. 

The  announcement  in  the  newspapers  of  the  several  engagements 
just  named  attracted  some  attention  in  other  places,  and  I  began  to  re- 
ceive invitations  to  repeat  the  address  from  various  parts  of  the  coun- 
try. But  the  idea  of  an  extensive  repetition  for  the  benefit  of  the 
Mount  Vernon  Fund  had  not  yet  occurred  to  me  ;  nor  had  I,  when 
the  discourse  was  delivered  for  the  first  time  in  the  Music  Hall  in 
Boston,  on  the  22d  of  February,  1856,  formed  any  positive  engage- 
ment to  repeat  it,  beyond  those  already  mentioned.  For  the  same 
reason,  I  made  no  stipulation  relative  to  the  appropriation  of  the  pro- 
ceeds of  the  address  at  New  Haven,  New  York,  and  Baltimore ;  at  all 
which  places  the  audiences  were  large  and  the  receipts  considerable, 
but,  for  the  reason  stated,  not  appropriated  to  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund. 

The  Committee  of  the  Mercantile  Library  Association  in  Boston 
having  asked  my  advice  as  to  the  manner  in  which  the  proceeds  of  the 
original  delivery  of  the  discourse  under  their  auspices  should  be  ex- 
pended, I  recommended  that  a  copy  of  Stuart's  full-length  portrait  of 
Washington,  in  civilian's  dress,  should  be  procured  for  the  hall  of  the 
Association  ;  which  was  done.  The  portrait  painted  by  Stuart  for  the 
State  House  at  Newport  was  admirably  copied  by  the  late  lamented 
Mr.  Hoyt.  In  addition  to  this,  a  copy  by  Howorth  of  the  fine  head  of 
General  Hamilton  by  Trumbull,  now  in  the  possession  of  Hon.  R.  C. 
Winthrop,  was  also  procured  for  the  hall  of  the  Association.  These 
paintings,  with  their  frames,  cost  between  eight  and  nine  hundred 
dollars. 

The  Mercantile  Library  Association  of  New  York  appropriated  the 
net  proceeds  of  the  discourse,  which  was  delivered  before  an  immense 
audience  in  the  Academy  of  Music,  to  the  purchase  of  books  for  their 
library.  The  proceeds  at  Baltimore  passed  into  the  treasury  of  that 
excellent  institution  :  but  its  directors  liberally  gave  me  one  hundred 
dollars  for  my  expenses  ;  which,  however,  I  paid  over  to  the  Mount 
Vernon  Fund  ;  having,  on  that  occasion,  formed  the  resolution  to  which 
I  have  since  adhered,  —  to  pay  over  to  that  fund  every  dollar  which 
should  come  into  my  hands  for  the  repetition  of  the  address,  without 
any  deduction  byway  of  compensation  or  for  the  reimbursement  of 
expenses. 

I  delivered  the  discourse  for  the  fifth  time  at  Richmond,  Va.,  on  the 
19th  of  March,  1856.     This,  as  I  have  stated,  was  its  first  repetition 


6  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

for  the  benefit  of  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund ;  and  from  that  time  to  the 
present,  with  the  exception  of  three  instances  of  a  particular  character, 
the  proceeds  have  been  exclusively  devoted  to  that  object.  Ex-Pres- 
ident Tyler,  Governor  Wise,  and  the  Mayor  of  the  city  were  on  the 
platform  at  Richmond,  and  addressed  the  audience  at  the  close  of  my 
discourse.  On  the  21st  of  March  I  repeated  the  address  at  Peters- 
burg, Va. ;  and  on  the  25th,  at  the  University  of  Virginia,  in  the  pres- 
ence of  the  faculty  and  members  of  that  institution.  I  had  numerous 
invitations  that  spring  to  proceed  farther  South  ;  but  it  was  out  of  my 
power  at  that  time  to  accept  any  of  them.  Returning  homeward,  I  re- 
peated the  discourse  at  Washington,  on  the  invitation  and  in  the  pres- 
ence of  the  Secretary  of  State  (Hon.  W.  L.  Marcy)  and  other  mem- 
bers of  the  Cabinet,  and  several  of  the  most  distinguished  members  of 
Congress.  On  the  1st  of  April  I  delivered  it  for  the  second  time  in 
Baltimore ;  on  the  4th  of  April,  before  a  very  large  audience,  in  the 
Musical-Fund  Hall  in  Philadelphia,  by  invitation  of  the  Pennsylvania 
Historical  Society,  —  the  Hon.  Richard  Rush,  Joseph  R.  Ingersoll,  G. 
M.  Meredith,  and  other  persons  of  distinction,  being  present.  On  the 
7th  of  April  I  spoke  at  Princeton,  at  the  request  of  the  faculty  and 
students  of  New  Jersey  College  ;  on  the  8th,  at  Newark,  N.  J. ;  and, 
on  the  10th,  at  Brooklyn,  N.  Y.,  before  a  very  crowded  and  enthusi- 
astic assembly,  in  Plymouth  Church  ;  returning  to  Boston  the  next 
day.  I  was  absent  on  this  tour  seven  weeks,  and  gave  the  address,  in- 
cluding its  first  delivery,  thirteen  times,  nine  times  being  for  the  benefit 
of  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund,  and  with  an  aggregate  net  receipt  of  fifty- 
five  hundred  and  five  dollars  fifty-four  cents.  This  sum  includes  the 
one  hundred  dollars  paid  to  me  for  expenses  by  the  Maryland  Insti- 
tute ;  and  twenty  dollars  paid  me,  on  the  same  account,  by  the  Ladies' 
Mount  Vernon  Association  of  Virginia,  at  Richmond. 

After  my  return  home  in  the  spring  of  1856,  and  beginning  on  the 
16th  of  April,  at  Providence,  R.  I.,  in  the  presence  of  President  Way- 
land  and  the  faculty  and  students  of  Brown  University,  I  repeated  my 
address  at  Charlestown,  on  the  30th  of  April ;  at  Springfield,  on  the 
2d  of  May ;  at  Cambridgeport,  on  the  6th ;  at  Worcester,  on  the  13th  ; 
at  Salem,  on  the  16th  ;  at  Hartford,  on  the  21st ;  and  at  Taunton,  on  the 
30th  of  May.  The  aggregate  net  receipt  from  these  eight  repetitions 
was  two  thousand  four  hundred  and  three  dollars  and  nineteen  cents. 

Having  somewhat  over-exerted  myself  this  spring,  after  two  years' 
intermission  of  public  speaking,  and  taken  a  severe  cold  at  Taunton, 
which  affected  my  throat,  I  was  obliged,  for  the  present,  to  postpone 
other  engagements.     I  did  not  again  repeat  my  address  till  the  2 2d  of 


THE     CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  7 

February,  1857  ;  when,  on  the  invitation  of  the  Mercantile  Library- 
Association,  I  gave  it  for  the  second  time  in  Boston,  in  the  Music  Hall, 
before  a  very  large  and  distinguished  audience.  On  the  17th  and  19th 
of  March  I  repeated  it  at  Albany,  in  the  presence  of  President  Fill- 
more, the  Rev.  President  Nott,  and  Governor  King,  who  presided  on 
both  occasions,  and  many  members  of  the  Legislature  of  New  York. 
The  net  proceeds  of  these  three  repetitions  were  two  thousand  six 
hundred  and  seventy-five  dollars  and  fifty-eight  cents. 

In  the  third  week  of  April,  1857,  I  went  to  St.  Louis  to  deliver  an 
address,  on  occasion  of  the  inauguration  of  "Washington  University  of 
the  State  of  Missouri.  On  this  occasion  I  repeated  my  "  Washington," 
on  the  20th  of  April,  by  invitation  of  the  Mercantile  Library  Associa- 
tion, and  on  the  25th  by  invitation  of  a  committee  of  the  citizens  of 
St.  Louis,  and  in  the  presence  of  very  large  and  respectable  audiences. 
I  then  made  a  hasty  circuit  through  the  Northwestern  States,  deliver- 
ing my  address  at  Chicago,  on  the  28th  and  29th  ;  at  Detroit,  on  the  1st 
of  May,  on  which  occasion  the  Governor  of  that  State,  and  Chancellor 
Tappan  of  the  University,  were  present ;  at  Indianapolis,  on  the  4th, 
in  the  presence  of  the  Governor,  and  Ex-Govfmor  Wright;  at  Cin- 
cinnati, on  the  7th  and  9th  of  May,  in  the  presence  of  Governor  Chase, 
Mr.  Justice  McLean,  Mr.  Senator  Pugh,  and  many  other  eminent  per- 
sons;  at  Louisville,  on  the  12th  and  13th  of  May,  in  the  presence, 
among  others,  of  Mr.  Secretary  Guthrie,  Hon.  Humphrey  Marshall, 
and  Hon.  Wm.  Preston;  at  Lexington,  on  the  14th,  in  presence  of 
Vice-President  Breckinridge,  Judge  Robertson,  and  other  persons  of 
eminence  ;  at  Maysville,  on  the  15th  (making  four  times,  in  four  succes- 
sive days,  in  parts  of  the  State  lying  at  some  distance  from  each  other)  ; 
at  Buffalo,  on  the  20th,  in  presence  of  Judge  Hall  of  the  United  States 
District  Court,  Hon.  A.  Tracy,  and  other  distinguished  persons ;  at 
Utica,  on  the  21st,  in  presence  of  Ex-Governor  Seymour  and  other 
prominent  individuals ;  and  at  Troy,  on  the  22d,  in  presence  of  Major- 
General  Wool  and  other  persons  of  distinction.  In  this  tour  of  four 
weeks  I  gave  the  address  fifteen  times.  I  spoke,  however,  once  at 
Chicago  and  once  at  Cincinnati,  under  former  engagements  to  address 
the  Mercantile  Library  Associations  of  those  places,  and  not,  conse- 
quently, for  the  benefit  of  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund.  The  aggregate 
net  receipt  of  thirteen  repetitions  on  this  tour,  for  the  benefit  of  the 
fund,  was  six  thousand  three  hundred  and  ninety  dollars  eleven  cents. 

In  the  summer  and  early  autumn  of  1857,  beginning  on  the  18th  of 
June  at  Cambridge,  I  spoke,  on  the  23d,  at  Dartmouth  College,  in 
presence  of  the  faculty  and  students  of  that  institution  ;  on  the  29th,  at 


8  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

Roxbury,  Mass. ;  on  the  1st  of  July,  at  Amherst,  in  the  presence  of 
the  faculty  and  students  of  the  college  at  that  place ;  at  Northampton, 
on  the  2d  of  July,  in  the  presence  of  Mr.  Justice  Dewey,  Hon.  Erastus 
Hopkins,  Rev.  President  Allen,  and  other  eminent  persons  ;  on  the 
20th  of  July,  at  Newburyport ;  on  the  27th,  at  Andover,  in  the  pres- 
ence of  many  of  the  professors  and  members  of  the  Theological  Seminary 
and  Academy  in  that  place  ;  on  the  29th,  at  Lawrence  ;  on  the  6th  of 
August,  at  Brunswick,  before  the  faculty  and  students  of  Bowdoin 
College ;  on  the  7th,  at  Portland,  in  the  presence,  among  other  gentle- 
men of  note,  of  Judge  Shepley,  Hon.  C.  S.  Davies,  &c. ;  on  the  10th, 
at  Bangor,  in  presence  of  his  Honor  the  Mayor,  Governor  Kent,  &c. ; 
on  the  17th  and  24th,  at  Newport,  in  presence  of  President  Van  Buren, 
Bishop  Clark,  Hon.  Wm.  B.  Lawrence,  Dr.  King,  &c.  ;  on  the  2d  of 
September,  at  Medford  ;  on  the  loth,  at  Fall  River;  on  the  18th,  at 
Nashua,  N.  H. ;  on  the  28th,  at  West  Cambridge,  Mass. ;  on  the  29th, 
at  Woburn  ;  and  on  the  30th,  at  Charlemont,  N.  H.,  in  presence  of  Gov- 
ernor Metcalf  and  other  prominent  persons.  Having  engaged  to  de- 
liver an  address  at  Amherst  College  in  the  usual  way,  and  being  unable 
to  keep  the  appointment,  the  repetition  of  the  "  Washington  "  at  that 
place  was  gratuitous.  The  aggregate  net  receipt  of  eighteen  repetitions 
on  this  summer  tour  was  four  thousand  two  hundred  and  sixteen  dollars 
and  eighty-two  cents. 

Having  occasion  to  go  to  Buffalo,  in  the  first  week  of  October,  to 
deliver  an  address  before  the  New  York  State  Agricultural  Society,  I 
availed  myself  of  this  opportunity  to  fulfil  some  engagements  to  repeat 
my  address  in  the  West.  I  gave  it  at  Fredonia,  in  Chautauque 
County,  N.  Y.,  on  the  8th  of  October ;  at  Ann  Arbor,  before  the 
faculty  and  students  of  the  University  of  Michigan,  on  the  12th  ;  at 
Cleveland,  Ohio,  on  the  13th  ;  and  at  Erie,  Penn.,  on  the  14th.  Re- 
turned home,  I  gave  my  address  at  Lowell,  Mass.,  on  the  22d  of 
October ;  at  Concord,  N.  H.,  on  the  23d  ;  at  Gloucester,  Mass.,  on  the 
26th;  at  Hingham,  on  the  28th;  at  Norwich,  Conn.,  on  the  11th  of 
November,  in  the  presence  of  Governor  Buckingham  and  other  dis- 
tinguished gentlemen ;  at  Fitchbui-g,  Mass.,  on  the  2d  of  December ; 
and  at  New  Bedford,  on  the  29th,  when  I  was  introduced  to  the 
audience  by  Governor  Clifford.  The  aggregate  net  proceeds  for  Oc- 
tober, November,  and  December  (eleven  repetitions)  were  eighteen 
hundred  and  ninety-six  dollars  and  sixty-eight  cents. 

On  the  11th  of  January  of  the  present  year  (1858)  I  repeated  the 
address  at  Portsmouth,  N.  H.  Rev.  Dr.  Peabody,  Editor  of  the 
"  North  American  Review,"  G.  W.  Haven,  Esq.,  and  Rev.  Dr.  Bur- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  9 

roughs,  &c,  were  of  the  audience.  On  the  following  day  I  spoke  at 
Augusta,  Me.,  in  presence  of  the  Governor,  and  many  members  of  the 
Legislature,  of  Ex-Governor  Bradbury,  R.  H.  Gardiner,  Esq.,  and 
other  persons  of  eminence.  On  the  21st  of  January,  by  the  invitation 
of  a  large  number  of  the  most  distinguished  citizens  of  New  York,  I 
gave  the  address  for  the  second  time  in  that  city.  It  was  delivered,  as 
on  the  former  occasion,  in  the  Academy  of  Music.  The  officers  of  the 
Mercantile  Library  Association  kindly  took  charge  of  the  arrange- 
ments. The  audience,  both  for  numbers  and  respectability,  was  of  the 
most  distinguished  character.     On  the  23d,  I  returned  to  Boston. 

On  the  4th  of  February,  on  the  invitation  of  the  Historical  Society 
of  Pennsylvania,  I  gave  my  address  for  the  second  time  in  Philadel- 
phia. It  was  delivered  before  a  magnificent  audience,  in  the  Academy 
of  Music  ;  Hon.  H.  D.  Gilpin,  a  Vice-President  of  the  Society,  presid- 
ing. Bishop  Potter,  Judge  Kane,  and  many  other  persons  of  distinc- 
tion, were  present.  At  the  particular  request  of  several  persons  of 
influence,  I  again  repeated  the  address  in  the  Academy  of  Music,  for 
the  third  time  in  Philadelphia,  on  the  1  6th  ;  the  Chief  Justice  of  Penn- 
sylvania presiding.  On  the  22d  of  February,  I  went  to  Richmond,  by 
invitation  of  the  commissioners  for  erecting  Crawford's  noble  equestrian 
statue  of  Washington,  to  witness  the  interesting  ceremonies  of  that  occa- 
sion. On  the  following  day  General  Washington's  cane  was  presented 
to  me,  and  his  spyglass  to  Mr.  Yancey  of  Alabama,  on  behalf  of  the 
Ladies'  Mount  Vernon  Association,  in  acknowledgment  of  our  services 
in  aid  of  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund.  The  presentation  took  place  in  the 
theatre  at  Richmond,  in  presence  of  Governor  Wise  ;  of  the  Governors 
of  Connecticut,  New  Jersey,  and  Michigan  ;  of  Lieutenant-General 
Scott ;  of  Major-General  Persifer  Smith  ;  of  Mr.  Senator  Mason  ;  of 
Miss  Cunningham,  the  Regent,  and  several  of  the  other  officers  of  the 
Ladies'  Mount  Vernon  Association  ;  and  of  a  most  distinguished  and 
appreciative  audience.  After  the  ceremonial  of  presentation,  I  re- 
peated the  discourse  of  the  character  of  Washington  ;  and  again,  at  the 
African  Church,  at  Richmond,  on  the  26th,  William  H.  Macfarland, 
Esq.,  introducing  me  to  the  audience.  Returning  northward  from 
Richmond,  I  repeated  the  address  at  Wilmington,  Del.,  on  the  8th  of 
March,  in  the  presence  of  the  Mayor,  Bishop  Lee,  and  other  distin- 
guished gentlemen  ;  I.  R.  Latimer  presiding.  On  the  10th,  I  spoke 
at  Trenton,  by  invitation  of  the  two  houses  of  the  Legislature  of  that 
State,  in  the  presence  of  the  Governor,  many  members  of  the  Legisla- 
ture, Judge  Dayton,  and  other  prominent  citizens  ;  and  was  honored 
on  the  following  day  by  a  public  reception  by  the  two  houses  of  the 


10  THE     CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

Legislature  and  the  Court  of  Appeals  of  New  Jersey.  On  the  12th 
of  March,  in  pursuance  of  an  invitation  signed  by  Governor  Packer 
and  every  member  of  his  administration,  and  by  every  member  of 
the  Legislature  of  Pennsylvania,  I  repeated  the  address  at  Har- 
risburg.  The  venerable  Judge  Wilkins,  an  active  member  of 
the  Senate,  was  among  the  distinguished  persons  present.  Again 
directing  my  course  southward,  I  delivered  my  address  at  Alex- 
andria, Va.,  on  the  18th,  —  W.  H.  Fowle,  Esq.,  of  that  city,  pre- 
siding ;  and,  on  the  day  following,  at  Fredericksburg,  in  presence  of 
Judge  Lomax,  Mr.  Douglas  Gordon,  I.  Horace  Lacy,  Esq.,  Colonel 
Tayloe,  Dr.  Philip  Stuart,  and  a  highly  intelligent  audience.  These 
repetitions  did  not  take  place  in  a  continuous  absence  from  home.  I 
had  returned  to  Boston  twice  since  leaving  it  for  New  York  on 
the  20th  of  January.  The  aggregate  receipt  of  twelve  repetitions  was 
seven  thousand  six  hundred  and  ninety-three  dollars  fifty-four  cents. 

I  was  on  my  way  to  the  South  to  make  an  extensive  tour  in  that 
part  of  the  Union,  when  letters  from  home  made  it  my  duty  to  return 
from  Richmond  to  Boston.  After  remaining  at  home  a  short  time,  I 
found  that  I  could  again  be  absent  without  very  great  inconvenience  ; 
and  I  accordingly  went  to  New  York,  and  took  passage  to  Charleston 
on  the  3d  of  April,  arriving  off  the  bar  on  the  afternoon  of  the 
5th.  Some  misapprehension  of  the  days  on  which  I  was  to  speak 
at  Savannah  and  Augusta  made  \t  necessary  that  I  should  immediately 
proceed  to  the  former  place,  where  I  spoke  in  the  theatre,  on  the  7th 
of  April  ;  Bishop  Elliot  introducing  me  to  the  audience.  On  the  9th 
I  spoke  at  Augusta,  in  the  presence  of  his  Honor  the  Mayor,  Hon.  Mr. 
Jenkins,  Colonel  Berrien,  and  other  persons  of  note.  On  the  follow- 
ing day  I  returned  to  Charleston,  where  I  gave  my  discourse  in  the 
Hall  of  the  Southern  Institute,  before  a  magnificent  audience ;  Gov- 
ernor Allston,  Chancellor  Dunkin,  Hon.  Charles  Macbeth,  Mayor  of 
the  city,  and  many  other  persons  of  eminence,  especially  the  leading 
gentlemen  connected  with  the  press,  occupying  places  on  the  platform. 
Hon.  James  L.  Petigru  introduced  me  to  the  audience.  On  the  16th, 
I  gave  my  address  at  Columbia  ;  Hon.  W.  F.  Desaussure  presiding. 
The  audience  was  of  the  most  distinguished  character.  The  faculty  of 
the  College  were  present ;  but  the  institution  itself  was  not  in  ses- 
sion. Hon.  W.  C.  Preston,  Rev.  Dr.  Thornwell,  Dr.  R,  W.  Gibbes, 
and  Colonel  Cunningham  were  among  the  eminent  persons  present. 
The  net  proceeds  of  four  repetitions  of  my  address  in  South  Carolina 
and  Georgia  were  four  thousand  one  hundred  and  eighty-six  dollars 
twenty-eight  cents. 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  11 

I  was  the  next  week  to  have  spoken  four  times  in  Western  Geor- 
gia ;  and  then  to  have  proceeded,  by  the  way  of  Montgomery  and 
Mobile,  to  New  Orleans.  I  received,  bowever,  on  the  eve  of  my  in- 
tended departure  to  keep  these  appointments,  letters  from  Washington 
informing  me  that  the  health  of  my  son-in-law,  Lieutenant  Wise,  of 
the  United  States  Navy,  was  such  as  to  require  a  voyage  to  Europe.  I 
felt  it  my  duty  to  return  immediately  to  Washington  to  take  leave  of 
my  daughter  and  her  husband  before  their  departure.  Having  accom- 
plished this,  I  returned  to  Virginia  to  fulfil  a  few  engagements  in  that 
State,  which  I  had  been  obliged  to  postpone  on  my  unexpected  return 
to  Boston  in  March.  I  arrived  at  Lynchburg  on  the  3d  of  May,  in 
pursuance  of  a  long-standing  invitation  from  the  citizens  of  that  place. 
I  was  received  by  Judge  Wilson  on  behalf  of  the  citizens,  and  by  a 
military  escort  composed  of  the  Cadets  of  the  College.  On  the  4th, 
my  address  was  delivered  in  Dudley  Hall  to  a  fine  audience ;  John  M. 
Speed,  Esq.,  presiding.  On  the  following  day  I  went  to  Lexington  ; 
where,  on  the  6th  instant,  I  repeated  the  address  before  the  officers  and 
members  of  Washington  College,  of  the  Virginia  Military  Institute, 
and  a  favoring  audience.  I  devoted  the  following  day  to  an  excursion 
to  the  Natural  Bridge ;  the  only  time  I  have  taken  for  a  purpose  of 
personal  recreation  while  moving  from  place  to  place  to  repeat  my 
address.  On  the  10th  of  May  I  gave  it  for  the  second  time  at  the 
University  of  Virginia,  in  the  presence  of  the  faculty  and  students  of 
that  seminary,  and  a  crowded  audience  from  Charlottesville  and  the 
neighboring  country.  On  the  14th,  I  repeated  the  address  at  Norfolk, 
in  the  presence  of  the  Mayor  of  the  city,  Hon.  George  Loyall,  Profes- 
sor Tucker,  Tazewell  Taylor,  Esq.,  and  a  very  large  audience.  The 
aggregate  receipts  of  these  four  repetitions  were  two  thousand  sixty- 
four  dollars  twenty-five  cents. 

The  sum  total  of  the  net  receipts  of  eighty-two  repetitions  for  the 
benefit  of  the  fund  is  a  trifle  over  thirty-seven  thousand  dollars.  I 
have  also  received,  as  already  stated,  one  hundred  and  twenty  dollars, 
kindly  paid  me  by  the  Directors  of  the  Maryland  Institute,  and  of  the 
Ladies'  Mount  Vernon  Association  for  the  State  of  Virginia,  on  ac- 
count of  expenses ;  the  sum  of  eighty-one  dollars  thirty-eight  cents, 
paid  to  me  by  Edward  Wilcox,  Esq.,  on  behalf  of  the  Ladies'  Mount 
Vernon  Association  of  Philadelphia ;  one  hundred  dollars,  as  a  dona- 
tion, from  Henry  Farnum,  Esq.,  of  Chicago ;  and  fifty  dollars,  as  a 
donation,  from  John  Tisdale  Bradlee,  Esq.,  of  Boston.* 

*  Mr.  Bradlee,  in  November,  1858,  doubled  this  sum. 


12  THE    CHABACTEE    OF    WASHINGTON. 

The  foregoing  statement  was,  as  has  already  been  intimated,  made 
to  the  Historical  Society,  at  the  request  of  the  Chairman  of  the  Stand- 
ing Committee,  at  the  meeting  held  on  the  17th  of  June,  1858.  The 
publication  having  been  delayed,  it  may  not  be  improper  to  continue 
the  narrative  to  the  present  time. 

Finding  myself  somewhat  exhausted  by  the  exertions  of  the  winter 
and  spring,  I  spoke  but  once  during  the  summer  of  1858,  namely,  at 
Framingham,  on  the  6th  of  July,  1858.  In  the  latter  part  of  the 
month  of  September  I  visited  the  western  portion  of  New  York,  and 
spoke  at  Watertown,  Binghamton,  and  Rome  ;  at  the  first  two  to  large 
audiences,  particularly  at  Binghamton,  where  many  persons  had  assem- 
bled to  attend  the  inauguration  of  the  Asylum  for  Inebriates.  I  was 
introduced  to  the  audience  by  Hon.  D.  S.  Dickinson.  The  proceeds  of 
the  three  evenings  were  seven  hundred  and  seventy-one  dollars  and 
seventy  cents. 

On  the  20th  of  October  I  gave  the  address  at  Waltham,  Mass.,  in 
presence  of  Governor  Banks  and  other  distinguished  citizens  ;  on  the 
22d,  at  East  Bridgewater,  Mass. ;  on  the  25th,  at  Bridgewater  ;  on  the 
27th,  at  Burlington,  Vt.,  where  I  was  introduced  by  President  Wheeler  ; 
and  at  Montpelier,  the  following  day,  in  the  presence  of  Governor 
Hall,  and  the  Legislature  of  the  State,  by  whose  invitation,  conveyed 
in  a  joint  resolution  of  the  two  houses,  the  address  was  repeated.  On 
the  2d  of  November  I  spoke  at  North  Bridgewater ;  and,  on  the  4th, 
at  Haverhill,  Mass.,  when  I  was  presented  to  the  audience  by  Hon. 
James  H.  Duncan.  The  proceeds  of  these  seven  evenings  were  one 
thousand  eighty-three  dollars  ten  cents. 

On  the  12th  of  November,  I  repeated  the  address  for  the  third  time 
in  New  York,  in  Niblo's  Theatre,  before  a  crowded  audience,  at  the 
invitation  of  the  Vice-Regent  and  Managers  of  the  Ladies'  Mount 
Vernon  Association  for  the  State  of  New  York.  The  net  proceeds 
were  nine  hundred  and  ninety-two  dollars  and  eighty-eight  cents. 

On  the  18th  of  November,  I  gave  the  discourse  at  Abington,  and 
on  the  26th  at  Weymouth,  Mass.;  and  the  joint  proceeds  were  three 
hundred  and  thirty-four  dollars  and  seventy  cents. 

On  the  14th  of  December,  I  spoke  at  Canandaigua,  in  Western  New 
York,  when  I  was  introduced  to  a  numerous  audience  by  Hon.  Francis 
Granger;  at  Rochester,  on  the  15th,  in  presence  of  President  Ander- 
son, General  King,  and  other  eminent  persons,  and  to  a  full  house ; 
and  at  Auburn,  on  the  invitation  of  Rev.  Dr.  Cressy,  Governor  Sew- 
ard, and  other  prominent  citizens,  on  the  17th,  also  to  a  large  audience. 
The  proceeds  of  these  three  evenings  were  nine  hundred  and  sixty- 
two  dollars  sixty -three  cents. 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  13 

On  the  22d  of  December  I  had  the  pleasure,  by  invitation  of  the 
citizens  of  Plymouth,  of  delivering  my  address  on  that  ever-memora- 
ble anniversary.  I  was  introduced  to  a  sympathizing  audience  by  C. 
G.  Davis,  Esq.  On  the  24th,  I  spoke  to  a  crowded  house  at  Barn- 
stable, at  the  invitation  of  a  committee,  of  which  Major  Phinney  was 
the  chairman.  On  the  19th  of  January,  1859,  I  spoke  at  Brookline, 
Mass. ;  when  I  was  presented  to  the  company,  again  a  crowded  house, 
by  Hon.  A.  A.  Lawrence.  The  proceeds  of  these  three  evenings 
were  five  hundred  and  thirty-two  dollars  and  forty-four  cents.  Fifty 
dollars  were  added  to  the  fund,  the  following  day,  by  G.  B.  Blake, 
Esq.,  a  citizen  of  Brookline. 

Having  occasion  to  go  to  Philadelphia,  to  repeat,  in  that  city,  a  dis- 
course delivered  on  the  17th,  in  Boston,  on  the  "  Early  Days  of  Frank- 
lin," I  gave  my  "  Washington  "  by  the  way,  at  Middletown,  Conn.,  on 
the  24th  of  January,  and  at  New  Britain  on  the  25th ;  in  both  places 
to  full  houses.  The  "  Franklin  "  was  delivered  in  the  Academy  of 
Music,  on  the  27th,  at  Philadelphia ;  and,  the  following  week,  I  re- 
peated the  "  Washington  "  on  five  consecutive  nights,  in  New  Jersey, 
by  invitation  of  the  Vice-Regent  of  the  Ladies'  Mount  Vernon  Asso- 
ciation of  that  State,  and  of  respectable  committees  in  the  several 
places  where  it  was  repeated,  namely,  at  New  Brunswick,  on  the  31st 
of  January;  at  Elizabeth,  on  the  1st  of  February ;  at  Newark,  on  the 
2d ;  at  Plainfield,  on  the  3d ;  at  Jersey  City,  on  the  4th.  At  all  these 
places  I  was  honored  with  large  audiences.  On  the  7th  of  February 
I  spoke  to  an  immense  house,  in  Brooklyn,  N.  Y.,  in  the  Plymouth 
Church,  by  invitation  of  the  Mercantile  Library  Association  of  that 
city.  The  aggregate  proceeds  of  these  eight  nights  were  twenty-eight 
hundred  and  eleven  dollars  and  eighty-seven  cents. 

On  the  4th  March,  being  the  anniversary  of  the  day  on  which  the 
Constitution  of  the  United  States  became  the  supi'eme  law  of  the  land, 
I  repeated  my  address  for  the  fourth  time  in  the  city  of  New  York, 
on  the  invitation  of  a  large  number  of  the  most  distinguished  citizens, 
headed  by  his  Honor  Mayor  Tieman.  Much  interest  was  given  to  the 
occasion  by  the  attendance  of  the  Seventy-first  Regiment  of  New  York 
Militia,  under  the  command  of  Colonel  Vosburg.  I  was  introduced  to 
the  vast  assembly  by  Hon.  Luther  Bradish,  President  of  the  Historical 
Society  of  New  York.  The  net  proceeds  were  thirteen  hundred  and 
ninety-nine  dollars  and  four  cents.  On  the  11th  of  March  I  delivered 
my  discourse  to  a  fine  audience  in  East  Brooklyn  ;  receipts,  four  hun- 
dred and  forty-two  dollars  fifty  cents. 

On  the  21st  of  March  I  spoke  at  Hopkinton,  Mass. ;  on  the  25th,  at 


14  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

Middleborough  ;  on  the  29th,  at  Newton,  —  to  audiences  large  in  pro- 
portion to  the  population  of  those  places.  The  proceeds  of  the  three  even- 
ings were  four  hundred  and  twenty-two  dollars  and  seventy-five  cents. 

Early  in  April  I  made  a  journey  to  the  South  ;  being  under  engage- 
ment to  repeat  my  "  Franklin  "  and  "  Washington  "  in  several  places, 
principally  in  Virginia  and  North  Carolina.  I  gave  the  "  Washing- 
ton "  at  Wilmington,  N.  C,  on  the  11th  of  April,  before  an  immense 
audience  (to  which  I  was  presented  by  George  Davis,  Esq.)  from  that 
city  and  the  neighboring  country  ;  at  Newbern,  on  the  12th,  to  a  very 
full  house,  to  which  I  was  presented  by  Judge  Donnell ;  at  Raleigh,  on 
the  14th,  in  presence  of  Governor  Ellis.  Senator  Bragg,  Judge  Badger, 
George  E.  Mordecai,  and  other  distinguished  persons,  and  a  very  large 
assembly,  in  the  Commons  Hall  of  the  Capitol ;  at  Chapel  Hall,  on 
the  14th,  before  the  faculty  and  students  of  the  University  of  North 
Carolina,  and  a  very  large  audience,  to  which  I  was  introduced  by 
Governor  Swain,  the  distinguished  head  of  the  university.  On  the 
25th  instant  I  gave  the  address  at  Staunton,  in  Virginia,  before  a 
crowded  audience,  to  which  I  was  introduced  by  Hon.  A.  H.  H. 
Stuart,  in  the  large  hall  of  the  Asylum  for  the  Deaf,  Dumb,  and 
Blind.  The  net  proceeds  of  these  five  evenings  were  thirty-three 
hundred  and  forty-three  dollars  and  forty-four  cents  ;  the  proceeds  at 
Wilmington  alone  being  one  thousand  and  ninety-one  dollars  and 
eighty  cents,  —  the  population  of  that  city  not  exceeding,  I  believe,  ten 
or  twelve  thousand. 

On  the  12th  of  May  I  repeated  the  address  in  the  Academy  of 
Music  at  Philadelphia,  for  the  fourth  time  in  that  city,  at  the  earnest 
request  of  the  Vice-Regent  of  the  Association  for  the  State  of  Penn- 
sylvania. I  was  introduced  to  the  audience  by  Professor  Coppee,  of 
the  University  of  Pennsylvania. 

On  my  return  from  my  first  excursion  in  1856,  having  then  several 
thousand  dollars  in  hand  (there  being  no  immediate  prospect  of  effecting 
the  purchase  of  the  Mount  Vernon  estate),  I  invested  them  to  advan- 
tage, with  the  assistance  of  my  much-esteemed  business  friend,  the  late 
Mr.  John  E.  Thayer.  As  the  amount  was  rapidly  increasing,  I  was 
unwilling  to  retain  it  exclusively  under  my  own  control ;  and  I  accord- 
ingly conveyed  the  funds,  by  a  formal  deed  of  trust,  to  a  Board  of 
Trustees,  consisting,  besides  myself,  of  Hon.  George  S.  Hillard  and 
Messrs.  John  E.  Thayer,  Sidney  Brooks,  and  Francis  H.  Peabody, 
Treasurer.  On  the  decease  of  Mr.  John  E.  Thayer,  his  brother,  Mr. 
Nathaniel  Thayer,  the  surviving  partner  of  the  banking-house,  was 
chosen  trustee  in  his  place.     Mr.  Peabody  has  acted  as  Treasurer  of 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  15 

the  board.  The  sums  accruing  from  the  repetition  of  my  address, 
after  the  organization  of  the  trust,  and  before  the  contract  for  the  pur- 
chase of  Mount  Vernon  was  concluded,  were  invested  by  the  trustees. 
Since  the  purchase  was  made  in  March,  1858,  the  trustees  have  con- 
verted the  invested  funds  advantageously  into  cash,  and  paid  over  the 
proceeds  to  George  "W".  Riggs,  Esq.,  of  Washington,  the  General  Treas- 
urer of  the  Association.  The  sum  so  paid  over  at  different  times 
amounts,  in  the  aggregate,  to  fifty-three  thousand  three  hundred  and 
ninety-three  dollars  eighty-one  cents.  This  sum  includes  interest  on  in- 
vestments, and  premium  on  stock  sold.  The  proceeds  of  my  last  tour, 
amounting  to  thirty-three  hundred  and  forty-three  dollars  and  forty- 
four  cents,  remain  in  the  hands  of  the  trustees,  uninvested,  but  bearing 
interest,  and  ready  to  be  paid  over. 

In  the  course  of  the  last  autumn  I  entered  into  an  engagement  with 
the  editor  and  proprietor  of  the  "  New  York  Ledger,"  Robert  Bonner, 
Esq.,  to  furnish  an  article  weekly  for  that  paper  for  one  year,  in  con- 
sideration of  the  sum  of  ten  thousand  dollars  to  be  paid  in  advance  to 
the  Mount  Vernon  Fund.  No  stipulation  was  made  as  to  the  subjects 
or  the  length  of  the  articles.  They  have  averaged  from  two  and  a 
half  to  three  columns  in  length.  The  sum  of  ten  thousand  dollars 
was  advanced  by  Mr.  Bonner  on  receiving  my  letter  of  acceptance, 
and  by  me  forthwith  paid  over  to  the  Treasurer  of  the  Fund. 

In  the  first  of  these  articles,  which  were  designated  the  "  Mount 
Vernon  Papers,"  I  invited  the  readers  of  the  "Ledger"  to  transmit 
each  the  sum  of  fifty  cents  or  more  toward  the  augmentation  of  the 
Mount  Vernon  Fund.  A  considerable  number  of  persons,  readers  of 
the  "  Ledger,"  have  responded  to  this  call ;  and  other  persons  and 
individuals,  fire  companies,  Masonic  and  Odd  Fellows'  lodges,  and 
companies  of  ladies  and  gentlemen  uniting  for  the  purpose,  have  trans- 
mitted larger  or  smaller  donations.  They  have  received  in  return  a 
handsome  engraved  receipt,  containing  vignettes  of  the  river  and 
garden  fronts  of  Mount  Vernon,  and  signed  by  the  Chairman  and 
Treasurer  of  the  Trust.  The  net  amount  received  from  this  source  is 
$2,929.94,  and  is  included  in  the  sum  of  $53,393.81,  mentioned  above, 
as  having  been  paid  over  to  the  General  Treasurer.  The  total  amount 
received  by  me  from  all  sources  is  $  68,163.56  ;  of  which  the  sum  of 
$4,769.75  is  at  present  in  the  hands  of  the  trustees,  payable  at  sight 
to  the  order  of  the  General  Treasurer. 

I  have  greatly  to  regret  that  it  has  not  yet  been  in  my  power  to 
visit  the  Southern  Western  States  of  the  Union ;  from  all  of  which 
(with  the  exception  of  Arkansas),  as  well  as  from  Iowa,  Wisconsin, 


16        THE  CHARACTER  OF  WASHINGTON. 

and  Minnesota,  which  I  have  also  been  unable  to  visit,  I  have  been 
honored  with  invitations.  Domestic  circumstances  of  a  painful  nature 
have  obliged  me  twice  to  turn  back,  when  on  the  way  to  fulfil  engage- 
ments in  those  parts  of  the  Union,  of  whose  interest  in  the  cause  I 
have  received  many  intimations.  I  still  promise  myself  the  pleasure 
of  visiting  them  at  no  distant  period. 

In  order  to  give  a  correct  idea  of  the  circumstances  under  which  my 
"  Washington  "  has  been  delivered,  it  may  not  be  improper  to  state, 
that  simultaneously  with  its  repetition,  commencing  on  the  22d  of 
December,  1857,  I  delivered  an  "Address  on  Charity  and  Charitable 
Institutions,"  for  the  benefit  of  the  Boston  Provident  Institution  ;  which 
has  since  been  repeated  in  different  parts  of  the  country  fifteen  times, 
with  an  aggregate  net  receipt,  for  the  benefit  of  various  charitable 
institutions  of  about  $  13,500.  On  the  17th  of  January  of  the  present 
year,  I  delivered  an  address  on  the  "  Early  Days  of  Franklin,"  at  the 
invitation  of  the  Association  of  the  Franklin  Medalists  of  the  city  of 
Boston ;  which  has  since  been  repeated  at  New  York,  Philadelphia, 
Baltimore,  Richmond,  and  the  University  of  Virginia,  yielding  in  the 
aggregate  about  four  thousand  dollars  for  the  benefit  of  various  char- 
itable and  public  institutions.  On  the  7th  of  December,  1858,  I  pro- 
nounced a  Eulogy  on  Mr.  Thomas  Dowse,  before  the  Dowse  Institute 
at  Cambridgeport ;  which  was  repeated  on  the  9th  before  the  Massa- 
chusetts Historical  Society ;  yielding  to  the  two  institutions  about 
$  1,500.  The  aggregate  of  sums  realized  in  the  various  ways  above 
mentioned,  and  paid  over  to  the  Mount  Vernon  Fund  and  sundry 
public  and  charitable  institutions,  is  about  $  87,000.  If  to  this  be  added 
the  proceeds  of  seven  repetitions  of  the  "  Washington  "  not  included  in 
the  above  returns,  four  of  which  were  to  very  large  audiences,  the  sum 
total  will  not  fall  short  of  ninety  thousand  dollars. 

Having  observed  above,  that  no  deduction  from  the  sums  which 
have  come  into  my  hands  for  the  repetition  of  my  "  Washington  "  has 
ever  been  made  in  payment  of  my  own  expenses,  I  ought  to  add,  that 
those  expenses  have  been  much  reduced  by  the  hospitality  with  which 
I  have  uniformly  been  received  and  treated,  and  by  the  liberality  of 
the  presidents  or  superintendents  of  railroads,  and  the  proprietors  or 
commanders  of  steamboats.  I  have  seldom  lodged  at  a  public  house 
in  any  part  of  the  country  while  travelling  to  repeat  my  address ;  and 
I  have,  in  most  cases,  been  favored  with  free  tickets  in  the  railroad- 
cars  and  steamers. 

In  the  foregoing  statement,  hastily  prepared  at  the  request  of  Mr. 
Livermore,  ou  behalf  of  the  Standing   Committee,  and  of  the  Hon.  R. 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  17 

C.  Wintlirop,  the  President  of  the  Society,  I  have  briefly  set  down,  in 
the  most  matter-of-fact  style,  the  principal  data  relative  to  the  prep- 
aration and  delivery  of  the  "  Address  on  the  Character  of  Washing- 
ton." It  has  required  the  constant  recurrence  of  the  first  person,  which 
I  regret,  but  which,  from  the  nature  of  the  case,  could  not  be  avoided. 
I  have  occasionally  mentioned  the  names  of  persons  of  note  introducing 
me  to  the  audience,  or  otherwise  present.  They  have  generally  been 
persons  who  fill,  or  have  filled,  public  station,  or  who  are  otherwise 
conspicuous  for  age  or  position  in  the  community.  I  have  done  this, 
partly  to  relieve  the  dryness  of  a  bare  list  of  times  and  places,  and  still 
more  because  these  names  will  illustrate  the  fact,  to  me  personally  of 
a  most  agreeable  nature,  —  and,  I  venture  also  to  hope,  of  some  pub- 
lic interest,  —  that  the  praises  of  Washington  have  been  listened  to 
with  equal  favor  by  persons  of  all  parties,  in  every  section  of  the 
Union.  Even  in  cases  where  a  few  expressions  may  have  failed  to 
command  unanimous  assent,  a  generous  measure  of  approbation  has 
been  accorded  to  the  spirit  in  which  my  discourse  is  conceived  and  ex- 
ecuted. I  ought  also  to  add,  with  reference  to  the  names  of  the  indi- 
viduals which  have  been  introduced  in  the  manner  alluded  to,  that  it 
has  been  done  in  most  cases  from  recollection,  and  without  the  aid  of 
a  contemporary  memorandum ;  that  such  an  enumeration  must  of  ne- 
cessity be  limited ;  and  that  names  equally  conspicuous  and  distin- 
guished with  those  given  have  no  doubt,  in  many  cases,  been  omitted. 
Had  circumstances  enabled  it  to  be  done  by  a  person  who  could  with- 
out indelicacy  do  it,  a  full  report  of  the  incidents  connected  with  the 
repetition  of  this  address,  in  different  parts  of  the  Union,  would  be  a 
document  of  a  somewhat  peculiar  character,  and  not  without  value,  as 
illustrating  the  state  of  public  sentiment  in  different  parts  of  the  coun- 
try. For  the  favor  with  which  it  has  been  so  extensively  received,  I 
would  express  in  this  way  my  heartfelt  gratitude. 

Boston,  May  9,  1859. 


The  address  was  subsequently  repeated  at  Lynn,  Mass.,  on  the  31st  of 
May,  1859  ;  at  Portland,  Me.,  on  the  5th  of  December;  at  Dedham,  Mass.,  on 
the  9th,  and  at  Auburndale  on  the  28th.  In  1860  it  was  repeated  at  South 
Boston  on  the  8th  of  February ;  at  Marlborough,  Mass.,  on  the  9th  of  March; 
at  Keene,  N.  H.,  on  the  11th  of  April;  at  Bristol,  R.  I.,  on  the  12th ;  and  at 
Lewiston,  Maine,  on  the  24th.  The  aggregate  sum  received  from  these  last 
nine  repetitions  was  thirteen  hundred  and  eighty-seven  dollars  and  fifty 
cents.  —  Eds. 

VOL.    IV.  2 


18  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

I  am  to  speak  to  you  this  evening,  my  friends,  of  the  char- 
acter of  Washington,  on  this  the  anniversary  of  his  birth- 
day ;  a  great,  a  glorious  theme,  but  as  difficult  as  it  is 
interesting  and  important. 

When  that  dark  cloud  of  sorrow  fell  upon  the  land  on  the 
14th  December,  1799,  in  pursuance  of  the  report  of  a  com- 
mittee of  which  Chief  Justice  Marshall  was  chairman,  a  name 
of  itself  enough  to  give  lustre  to  the  age  in  which  he  lived,  it 
was  recommended  by  Congress  to  the  people  of  the  United 
States,  on  the  next  anniversary  of  his  birthday,  "  to  testify 
their  grief  for  the  death  of  General  George  Washington  by 
suitable  eulogies,  orations,  and  discourses."  This  mournful 
duty  was  performed  throughout  the  Union  by  the  most  emi- 
nent writers  and  speakers  of  the  day.  In  this  city  (Boston) 
the  eulogy  was  pronounced  by  one  of  the  most  gifted  sons 
of  Massachusetts,  Fisher  Ames.  From  that  time  to  this,  the 
22d  of  February  has  been  held  in  honored  remembrance,  and 
has  afforded  occasion  for  public  discourses  on  the  life  and 
character  of  Washington  in  every  part  of  the  country.  It 
furnished  the  subject  of  an  address  delivered  at  the  city  of 
Washington,  in  1832,  by  Mr.  Webster, — the  work,  I  need  not 
say,  of  a  master.  At  the  laying  of  the  corner-stone  of  the 
monument  at  Washington,  the  same  great  theme  was  treated 
by  our  fellow-citizen  Mr.  Winthrop,  at  that  time  Speaker  of 
the  House  of  Representatives,  with  admirable  beauty  and 
power.  In  these  performances,  several  of  which  have  taken 
an  abiding  place  in  the  literature  of  the  country,  all  the  topics 
which  form  the  appropriate  materials  for  a  eulogy  on  Wash- 
ington—  the  events  of  his  life  (which  is  but  an  abstract  of 
the  history  of  the  country  while  he  lived),  his  political  princi- 
ples, his  conduct  as  a  magistrate,  his  relation  to.  the  Constitu- 
tion of  the  country,  and  the  general  influence  of  his  character 
on  its  prosperity  —  have  been  discussed  in  a  manner  which 
leaves  little  to  be  added  or  desired.  I  shall,  therefore,  in  dis- 
charging the  duty  which  devolves  upon  me  this  evening,  not 
attempt  to  travel  over  this  ground  except  incidentally ;  but  I 
shall  with  your  permission  approach  the  great  subject  in  a 
different  direction.     After  briefly  alluding  to  the  three  great 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  19 

eras  in  his  life,  in  which  he  appeared  before  the  people  of  the 
country  in  distinct  and  important  characters,  I  shall  offer 
you  some  views  of  the  relation  of  Washington,  not  merely  to 
the  United  States,  but  to  the  age  in  which  he  lived,  and  then 
endeavor  to  point  out  the  true  nature  and  foundation  and 
distinctive  character  of  his  greatness.  Grant  me,  I  pray  you, 
my  friends,  your  candor,  your  indulgence,  and  your  sympathy. 

Washington's  first  appearance  before  the  country  at  large, 
—  then  hardly  to  be  called  a  country,  —  his  first  of  three 
visits  to  Boston,  —  then  a  town  of  perhaps  eighteen  thousand 
inhabitants,  —  took  place  just  a  century  ago  last  February, 
when  he  came  among  us,  already  the  youthful  hero  of  the 
Seven  Years'  War.  That  war  was  not  formally  declared  in 
Europe  till  the  following  May,  but  hostilities  had  already 
been  carried  on  for  two  years,  on  the  frontier  of  the  Anglo- 
American  Colonies,  upon  this  continent.  Washington  was 
identified  with  the  struggle  from  its  commencement.  If,  in 
tracing  back  great  consummations  of  affairs  to  their  origin, 
we  should  endeavor  to  fix  the  very  earliest  date  to  the  Revo- 
lution, the  first  distinct  movement  of  a  military  nature  in 
that  series  of  events  which  resulted  in  the  establishment  of 
American  Independence,  I  should  be  inclined  to  place  it  in  the 
adventurous  journey  of  Major  Washington,  then  a  youth  of 
twenty,  to  the  French  post  at  Venango,  in  what  is  now  the 
western  part  of  Pennsylvania.  When  hostilities  broke  out, 
two  years  later,  the  post  of  active  and  efficient  duty  and  of 
danger  devolved  upon  him.  He  alone,  of  all  in  conspicuous 
stations,  —  hero  of  misfortune,  —  escaped  with  life  and  honor 
from  the  disastrous  field  of  Braddock's  defeat,  with  all  the 
reputation  for  conduct  and  courage  which  others  bring  home 
from  successful  wars.  In  the  morning  of  his  days  the  great 
cares  of  life  were  laid  upon  him.  His  pure  spirit  was  early 
tried  in  the  fires  of  disaster,  and  came  out  like  thrice-refined 
gold  from  the  furnace.  Our  Governor  Shirley  had  lately  been 
appointed  Commander-in-Chief  of  all  the  Royal  forces  in 
British  America ;  and  in  the  month  of  February,  1756,  Colonel 
Washington,  with  one  or  two  brother  officers,  came  to  Boston 


20  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

to  obtain  Shirley's  decision  on  a  question  of  precedence  be- 
tween the  Provincial  officers  and  those  in  the  pay  of  the  crown, 
and  also  to  receive  instructions  as  to  the  general  plan  of  the 
campaign. 

Washington,  at  the  time,  was  twenty-four  years  of  age,  a 
model  of  manly  strength  and  beauty,  perfect  in  all  the  quali- 
ties and  accomplishments  of  the  gentleman  and  the  soldier, 
but  wise  and  thoughtful  beyond  his  years,  inspiring  at  the 
outset  of  his  career  that  love  and  confidence  which  are  usually 
earned  only  by  a  life  of  service.  Young  as  he  was,  his  fame 
had  preceded  him.  The  events  of  the  late  campaign  had 
drawn  public  attention  toward  him  more  distinctly  than  to 
any  person  in  the  country ;  and  he  had  been  the  subject  of 
that  celebrated  prophetic  allusion  from  the  pulpit  in  which  he 
was  spoken  of  by  President  Davies  as  "  that  heroic  youth, 
Colonel  Washington,  whom  I  cannot  but  hope  Providence 
has  hitherto  preserved  in  so  signal  a  manner  for  some  impor- 
tant service  to  the  country."  He  passed  about  ten  days  at 
Boston  on  this  his  first  visit,  in  1756,  the  object  of  public 
and  private  courtesy ;  but  no  particular  record,  I  believe,  re- 
mains of  the  manner  in  which  his  time  was  employed.  In 
addition  to  the  public  objects  of  his  errand  he  had  an  office 
of  private  sympathy  to  perform.  The  son  of  Governor  Shir- 
ley had  fallen  the  year  before  in  Braddock's  field ;  and  Wash- 
ington probably  brought  the  first  detailed  information  of  that 
event  to  the  sorrowing  father.  The  season  for  taking  the  field 
had  not  yet  arrived,  and  the  youthful  hero,  whose  heart  was 
alive  to  the  tenderest  and  most  sacred  sensibilities  of  our 
nature,  lingered  awhile  in  New  York.  Tradition  has  lifted  a 
corner  of  the  veil  that  hides  the  cause  of  his  detention,  but 
the  bright  vision  of  domestic  felicity  which  it  discloses  failed 
to  be  realized.  After  a  few  days  passed  in  New  York,  he 
returned  to  his  post  on  the  frontier  of  Maryland  and  Virginia, 
where  he  remained  in  active  service  till  the  operations  of  the 
war  were  transferred  to  the  Northwest. 

Such  was  his  first  visit  to  Boston,  such  his  first  appearance 
before  the  country  at  large.  His  second  was  twenty  years 
later.     A  mighty  change  in  affairs  had  taken  place.     The 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  21 

Seven  Years'  War  had  been  brought  to  a  triumphant  close 
for  England ;  Quebec  had  fallen,  and  the  American  posses- 
sions of  France  in  the  Northwest  had  been  transferred  to 
Great  Britain.  That  important  event  changed  the  destinies 
of  the  continent.  It  relieved  the  English  colonies  of  the 
ever-impending  danger  of  a  French  and  Indian  war,  and 
opened  wide  the  road  to  their  independent  national  existence. 
The  ministry  at  London,  in  the  unforeseen  result  of  their 
policy,  with  their  own  hands  dug  the  grave  of  British  su- 
premacy on  this  continent  upon  the  heights  of  Abraham,  and 
buried  it,  never  to  rise  again,  beneath  the  monument  of 
Wolfe  and  Montcalm.  The  ill-starred  plan  of  new  taxation, 
matured  at  London  while  the  old  colonial  ties  were  strained 
to  bursting,  brought  on  the  crisis ;  and  in  twelve  years  from 
the  signature  of  the  treaty  of  1763,  blood  was  shed  on  Lex- 
ington Green. 

Washington  had  passed  the  interval  in  retirement  at  Mount 
Vernon,  for  the  most  of  the  time  a  member  of  the  Virginia 
Assembly,  thoughtfully,  not  passionately,  watching  the  pro- 
gress of  events ;  till  in  July,  1775,  the  young  chieftain,  who 
twenty  years  before  seemed  preserved  by  a  special  Providence 
in  the  desperate  encounters  of  the  Western  wilderness,  takes 
the  field  at  Cambridge,  beneath  the  noble  elm-tree  still  stand- 
ing on  the  Common,  as  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  Armies 
of  United  America.  Having  in  that  capacity  brought  the 
first  great  act  of  the  Revolutionary  drama  to  a  triumphant 
close,  by  the  expulsion  of  the  Royal  army  from  Boston,  he 
entered  it  himself  for  the  second  time  on  the  18th  of  March, 
1776,  crossing  in  a  boat  from  Lechmere's  Point,  now  East  Cam- 
bridge. He  was  still  at  the  meridian  of  life,  but  the  solemn 
destinies  to  which  he  was  called  had  set  the  sacred  impress 
of  sadness  on  his  brow.  His  natural  temperament  was  joy- 
ous ;  it  is  even  said  that  in  a  sally  of  youthful  spirits  he  had 
declared  that  the  whizzing  of  the  bullets  at  Braddock's  defeat 
was  a  music  to  his  ear ;  but  from  the  time  he  took  command 
of  the  ill-appointed,  suffering,  sometimes  dispirited  armies  of 
the  Revolution,  there  is  a  tradition  that  the  Father  of  his 
Country  was  seldom  seen  to  smile. 


22  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

This  was  the  second  visit  of  Washington  to  this  part  of  the 
country,  —  his  second  appearance  in  a  high  national  capacity 
before  the  people  of  the  Union.  Years  pass  by ;  the  august 
plan  of  Providence  ripens ;  the  beloved  and  revered  chief- 
tain, aided  by  his  patriotic  associates,  carries  the  bleeding 
country  through  another  seven  years'  war,  —  hard  apprentice- 
ship of  Freedom  ;  the  great  European  antagonist  and  rival 
of  England,  revenging  the  loss  of  her  American  Colonies,  and 
moved  by  the  persuasive  ardor  of  Lafayette,  throws  her  sword 
into  the  scale,  —  thirteen  independent  State  governments  suc- 
ceed to  as  many  Colonies,  —  peace  crowns  the  work,  —  the 
wounds  of  the  Revolution  are  slowly  healed,  —  America  takes 
her  place  in  the  family  of  nations,  —  and  a  Constitution  of 
Confederate  Union,  the  bright  consummate  flower  of  our 
political  growth,  is  formed. 

Heaven  forbid  that  I  should  ascribe  all  the  glory  of  this 
auspicious  result  to  one  man,  even  though  that  man  were 
Washington :  Heaven  forbid  that  I  should  appear  insensible 
to  the  merit  of  those  by  whom  he  was  seconded  and  sus- 
tained, both  in  the  revolutionary  and  constitutional  age,  —  of 
Franklin  and  Adams,  of  Henry  and  Jefferson,  of  Lafayette, 
of  Green,  of  Knox  and  Lincoln,  of  Jay  and  Hamilton  and 
Madison,  —  men  to  whom  the  great  chief  himself  never  failed 
to  do  justice ;  but  I  say  no  more  than  each  and  all  of  these, 
revered  patriots  would  themselves  have  said,  no  more  than 
several  of  them  did  say,  in  pronouncing  the  character  of 
Washington  to  have  been  the  beacon  light  which  guided  the 
country  through  that  broken  and  stormy  sea.  Beacon  light 
did  I  say :  it  was  more  and  higher.  The  tempest  might  rage, 
the  ocean  might  heave  from  its  depths,  the  eternal  hills  might 
tremble  upon  their  rocky  thrones,  and  the  bewildered  needle 
might  wander  from  its  path,  but  there  was  one 

"  As  constant  as  the  Northern  Star, 
Of  whose  true  fixed  and  resting  quality, 
There  is  no  fellow  in  the  firmament." 

Reared,  cradled  almost,  in  arms,  —  the  chieftain  of  two  wars, — 
all  but  engaged  in  a  third,  for  even  in  his  boyhood  a  mid- 
shipman's warrant  had  been  procured  for  him,  and  nothing 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  23 

but  the  fond  yearnings  of  a  mother's  heart  prevented  his  en- 
tering the  British  navy,  —  inured  to  military  command  from 
his  youth,  he  sheathes  his  sword  with  all  that  gladness  of 
heart  with  which  unchastened  ambition  draws  it:  —  the  first 
in  war,  he  becomes  (O,  rare  union  of  graces!)  the  first  in 
peace;  and  the  first  President  of  the  United  States  was 
unanimously  chosen  in  the  hearts  of  the  people;  not  merely 
in  advance  of  the  constitutional  forms  of  election,  but  with- 
out the  poor  machinery  of  caucuses  and  conventions  by 
which,  in  later  times,  disinterested  politicians  of  all  parties 
relieve  the  people  from  the  trouble  of  selecting  their  rulers. 

In  the  first  year  of  his  administration  he  made  his  tour  in 
the  Eastern  States ;  and  on  the  25th  of  October,  1789,  thirty 
years  after  his  first  visit,  he  came  to  Boston  for  the  last  time, 
the  chief  magistrate,  unanimously  chosen,  of  the  infant  con- 
federacy. He  was  then  fifty-seven  years  of  age,  in  personal 
appearance  not  widely  different  from  Stuart's  portrait  painted 
about  six  years  afterwards ;  and  he  himself  less  powerful  in 
the  prerogatives  of  office  than  in  the  love  and  veneration  of 
his  fellow-citizens.  O,  that  his  pure  example,  his  potent  in- 
fluence, his  parting  counsels,  could  bring  us  back  the  blessings 
of  national  harmony!  O,  that  from  the  heavens  to  which  he 
has  ascended,  his  voice  might  even  now  be  heard  and  teach 
us  to  unite  again  in  the  brotherhood  of  love,  as  we  are  united 
on  one  precious  remembrance  of  the  past,  one  glorious  vision 
of  the  future,  one  bond  of  constitutional  Union! 

Such  were  the  three  visits  of  Washington  to  Boston ;  such 
are  the  three  great  events  in  his  career.  To  do  justice  to  his 
character,  we  must  sketch  the  background  of  the  picture  of 
which  he  forms  the  most  prominent  personage.  He  has  been 
often  called,  and  among  others  by  the  first  living  parliament- 
ary orator  of  England  (Lord  Brougham),  "the  greatest  man 
of  our  own  or  of  any  age " ;  and  in  this  estimate  of  his 
character,  long  since  pronounced  by  his  grateful  countrymen, 
seems  to  me  more  and  more  confirmed  by  the  general  assent 
of  the  reflecting  portion  of  mankind.  And  if  the  first  part 
of  the  eulogium  is  founded  in  truth,  the  second  is  not  less  so. 
Not  like   Alfred  and   Charlemagne,  bright  lights  shining  in 


24  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

dark  ages,  "Washington  lived  in  an  age  which,  notwith- 
standing the  illustrious  names  which  adorn  other  periods  of 
history,  in  many  respects  stands  first  in  the  annals  of  our 
race  for  great  names,  great  events,  great  reforms,  and  the  gen- 
eral progress  of  intelligence.  The  period  which  has  elapsed 
from  about  the  commencement  of  the  last  century,  down 
nearly  to  our  own  time,  and  of  which  Washington  is  the 
brightest  ornament,  may  be  called,  with  propriety,  the  secu- 
lum  mirabile,  the  age  of  wonders,  humanly  speaking,  in  the 
history  of  mankind.  Let  us,  my  friends,  to  justify  this  re- 
mark, and  to  show  the  grandeur  of  that  theatre  on  which 
Washington  played  his  illustrious  part,  cast  a  rapid  glance 
over  this  age,  which  in  periods  of  history  far  distant  will  be 
designated  by  his  name. 

In  the  first  place,  then,  we  behold  in  the  North  this  great 
Sclavonian  race,  one  of  the  elemental  families  of  man,  after 
swelling  in  the  progress  of  centuries,  unperceived  by  the  rest 
of  mankind,  to  a  great  numerical,  but  ill-compacted  strength 
in  the  steppes  of  Northwestern  Asia,  organized  at  length 
under  the  autocracy  of  the  Czars,  bursting  into  the  front 
rank  of  nations  as  the  Russian  Empire,  like  one  of  those 
mysterious  champions  of  whom  we  read  in  tales  of  chivalry, 
that  sometimes  stalked  unexpected  into  the  lists  at  the  tour- 
naments, face  and  form  clothed  in  dark  impenetrable  steel, 
bidding  defiance  to  all  around,  and  inspiring  a  sort  of  ghostly 
distrust  and  terror.  We  behold  this  new  member  of  the 
political  family  stretching  away,  east  and  west,  through  the 
arctic  zone  of  two  continents,  —  absorbing  the  kingdoms 
which  bounded  it  on  the  south  in  Europe  and  sapping  the 
foundations  of  the  Ottoman  power,  which  for  three  cen- 
turies had  been  the  terror  and  the  scourge  of  Europe.  Four 
names  of  note,  Peter  the  Great,  Catherine  the  Second,  and 
in  our  times  Alexander  and  Nicholas,  illustrate  the  develop- 
ment of  this  colossal  power.  Charles  the  Twelfth  of  Sweden 
met  the  youthful  giant  in  deadly  conflict, 

"  But  left  the  name  at  which  the  world  grew  pale 
To  point  a  moral  and  adorn  a  tale." 

Of  equal  note,  as  we  cast  our  eyes  along  the  map,  are  Fred- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  25 

erick  the  Great,  sovereign  of  another  state  raised  in  this  period 
to  the  front  rank,  and  Maria  Theresa,  his  magnanimous  an- 
tagonist, the  Empress  Queen  of  Germany  and  Hungary. 
While  the  wars  and  policy  of  these  great  Northern  powers  are 
new  moulding  the  relations  of  Western  Europe,  the  march 
of  civilization  is  reversed,  and  the  foundations  of  a  commer- 
cial empire  of  European  origin  are  laid  upon  the  ruins  of  the 
oldest  despotisms  of  the  East.  One  hundred  years  ago  last 
May,  —  so  low  was  then  the  British  power  in  the  East,  —  one 
hundred  and  forty-six  Englishmen  were  driven  at  the  point 
of  the  Sepoys'  bayonets  into  the  black  hole  of  Calcutta,  where 
they  trampled  each  other  to  death  in  the  agonies  of  suffoca- 
tion. But  in  the  next  year, — just  a  century  ago,  —  while 
Washington,  under  the  order  of  a  British  colonial  governor, 
was  defending  Western  Virginia,  in  the  valley  of  the  Shen- 
andoah, against  the  Indians  and  French,  Lord  Clive  pushed 
his  little  army  where  the  phalanx  of  Alexander  never  pene- 
trated, and  at  the  battle  of  Plassey,  23d  June,  1757,  conquered 
Hindoostan  for  England.  Little  knowing  what  she  did,  with 
her  right  hand  she  laid  the  foundation  of  a  subject  empire  at 
the  gates  of  the  morning,  while  with  her  left  hand  she  sowed 
the  seeds  of  this  imperial  republic  beneath  the  setting  sun. 
Notwithstanding  these  successes  abroad,  the  administration 
of  the  government  languished  at  home.  The  mighty  ship  of 
state  lay  rolling  in  the  trough  of  the  sea,  and  ready,  as  it 
seemed,  to  founder,  when  the  illustrious  Pitt  was  summoned 
to  the  helm ;  and  from  the  moment  the  hand  of  the  mighty 
master  was  laid  to  the  wheel,  the  noble  vessel  came  up  to  the 
wind  and  rode  upon  the  waves,  as  if  every  timber  and  spar 
from  the  keel  to  the  main  truck  had  been  instinct  with  the 
life  and  power  that  now  governed  the  steerage.  That  great 
minister  in  a  year  or  two  sent  General  Wolfe  to  the  gates  of 
Quebec,  of  whom  George  the  Second  said,  when  told  that 
Wolfe  was  mad,  that  he  hoped,  "  if  he  were  so,  he  would 
bite  some  of  his  other  generals."  With  Wolfe  there  went  up 
the  St.  Lawrence  an  English  mariner,  as  yet  unknown  to  fame, 
Captain  James  Cook,  who,  ten  years  later,  first  effectually 
solved  the  mystery  of  the  Pacific,  threw  open  the  portals  of  this 


26  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

great  Australian  world-cradle  of  future  states,  republics,  and 
confederations,  springing,  while  I  speak,  into  existence  as  rap- 
idly as  the  coral  reefs  on  which  they  rest,  and  gathering  dimen- 
sions and  strength  with  a  rapidity  scarcely  surpassed  by  our 
own.  How  they  start  into  being,  these  minute,  rudimental 
worlds !  In  one  age  the  living  tomb  of  the  industrious  little 
madrepore,  that  builds  as  he  dies ;  in  the  next  a  tropical  islet, 
covered  with  palmetto  groves,  nodding  with  bread-fruit,  and 
perfumed  with  sandal-wood.  In  one  century  fathom  deep 
beneath  the  weltering  Pacific,  and  in  another  spouting  tor- 
rents of  fire  from  the  volcanic  peaks  of  Mauna  Loa.  Now  a 
calcareous  ledge,  the  unseen  terror  of  the  navigator ;  and  anon 
the  abode  of  the  simple  children  of  nature,  forerunners  of  the 
civilized  races,  which  are  rushing  from  the  agitated  kingdoms 
of  the  Old  World,  to  act  over  again,  in  regions  beyond  the 
Eastern,  ay,  beyond  the  Western  hemisphere,  in  these  new- 
found Eldorados,  the  troubled,  mysterious  drama  of  human 
life. 

While  these  events  are  in  progress  in  the  East,  our  own 
Revolution,  the  great  political  consummation  of  the  ages,  is 
accomplished  in  the  West.  In  its  progress  the  leading  pow- 
ers of  Europe  are  drawn  into  the  vortex,  and  we  behold, — 
O,  wonder  of  human  policy!  —  the  oldest  monarchies  of  the 
Eastern  hemisphere,  one  of  them  herself  the  mistress  of  Amer- 
ican colonies  stretching  through  a  hundred  degrees  of  lati- 
tude from  California  to  Cape  Horn,  darkening  the  Atlantic 
with  the  navies  sent  to  the  aid  of  the  revolted  colonies  of 
England,  and  stationing  their  auxiliar  armies  as  a  guard  of 
honor  around  the  cradle  of  insurgent  republicanism.  Scarcely 
has  the  curtain  fallen  on  our  Revolution  when  it  rises  on  the 
Revolution  of  France  ;  that  terrific  convulsion,  dismal  parody 
on  auspicious  original,  which  laid  the  last  strongholds  of  feu- 
dalism in  the  dust,  overturned  the  traditions  of  ten  centuries 
in  France,  shook  to  its  centre  the  entire  fabric  of  continental 
Europe,  and  commenced  a  series  of  political  changes,  sub- 
versions, and  renovations,  —  some  auspicious,  sonre  doubt- 
ful,—  not  yet  nor  soon  to  be  finally  composed  and  adjusted. 

Nor  let  us,  in  this  most  hasty  survey  of  the  age  of  Wash- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  27 

ington,  omit  the  great  developments  of  thought,  the  social, 
the  intellectual,  and  moral  revolutions,  —  often  more  impor- 
tant than  the  political  and  military  changes  by  which  dy- 
nasties are  founded  and  overturned,  —  such  as  the  effectual 
transfer  of  the  powers  of  government  from  the  aristocracy  to 
the  people  in  the  person  of  the  elder  Pitt  in  England,  —  the 
full  development  of  the  representative  system  and  of  the  great 
idea  of  the  confederative  Union  in  our  own  country,  —  the 
establishment  of  the  freedom  of  speech  and  of  the  press  in 
both  countries, — the  vast  development  of  journalism,  a  revo- 
lution of  itself,  —  the  incalculable  extension  of  manufacturing 
power,  the  steam-engine,  the  steam-car,  the  steam-ship,  the 
steam-press,  —  the  great  discoveries  in  chemistry,  astronomy, 
and  every  other  branch  of  natural  science,  —  the  voltaic 
battery,  —  the  electric  telegraph,  —  the  great  improvements  in 
education,  especially  the  education  of  the  blind,  of  the  deaf  and 
dumb,  and  of  idiots,  in  the  care  of  the  pauper,  the  discipline 
of  the  criminal,  —  the  suppression  of  the  African  slave-trade, 
the  commencement  of  the  civilization  of  Africa  by  her  own 
returning  children,  first  dawn  of  a  brighter  day  for  that  be- 
nighted continent  and  race, — the  translation  of  the  Bible 
into  every  language,  and  the  beginning  of  obedience  to  the 
Divine  injunction  to  preach  the  Gospel  to  every  creature.  In 
conducting  and  promoting  these  and  other  great  improve- 
ments, revolutions,  and  reforms,  in  parliaments  and  cabinets, 
on  the  battle-field  and  on  the  ocean,  at  the  forum,  in  the 
closet,  in  the  desk,  in  all  the  strenuous  exertions,  and  gallant 
struggles  and  brilliant  achievements  and  pious  labors  and 
noble  sacrifices  which  they  have  required,  a  long  line  of 
worthies  —  statesmen,  and  chieftains,  and  thinkers,  and 
writers,  and  sages,  and  philanthropists,  heroes  of  peace  and 
heroes  of  war,  and  not  of  one  sex  alone  —  have  passed  over 
the  stage  of  humanity,  numerous,  gifted,  illustrious,  I 
must  think,  in  the  aggregate  beyond  those  of  any  other 
period.  But  in  all  this  eventful  century,  over  which  you  have 
joined  me  in  casting  this  most  hasty  glance,  so  rich  in  char- 
acter, so  crowded  with  events,  so  productive  of  institutions 
and  reforms,  so  prolific  and  so  prodigal  of  life,  so  auspicious 


28  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

in  anticipation,  among  all  its  greatest  and  brightest  names, 
each  a  star  shining  in  its  own  sphere,  and  often  there  with 
unsurpassed  brightness,  it  has  long  been  conceded  that  the 
star  of  Washington  shines  the  brightest  and  in  the   highest 

sphere. 

"  Micat  inter  omnes 
Julium  sidus,  velut  inter  ignes 
Luna  minores." 

Among  all  the  wise  in  counsel,  the  valiant  in  battle,  the  firm 
and  prudent  in  government,  the  pure  in  life,  —  however  emi- 
nent the  single  points  of  character,  however  meritorious  their 
achievements,  —  I  find  not  one  of  any  nation,  in  any  part  of 
this  remarkable  period  of  history,  who  has  left  so  deep  an 
impression  of  himself  in  the  public  opinion  of  mankind ; 
not  one,  the  sum  total  of  whose  qualities,  and  the  aggregate 
of  whose  character,  can  be  measured  with  that  of  our  Wash- 
ington. 

There  are  but  three  individuals  of  this  period  upon  whom 
mankind,  with  some  approach  to  general  consent,  have  be- 
stowed the  epithet  of  "  the  Great."  Shall  we  compare  our 
Washington  for  a  moment  with  each  of  them  ?  Shall  we 
compare  him  with  Peter  the  Great  of  Russia,  who  flourished 
in  the  beginning  of  the  century,  and  hewed  that  political 
colossus  of  the  North  into  form  and  symmetry  ?  A  sovereign 
of  vast  though  often  most  ill-directed  energy ;  a  fearless  and 
on  some  occasions  a  beneficent  reformer ;  a  consummate  or- 
ganizer, who  with  a  kind  of  rough  tact  truly  felt  the  pulses 
of  national  life  in  the  Titanic  frame  which  he  called  into 
being ;  pursuing  a  few  grand  ideas,  though  often  by  eccentric 
methods  bordering  on  madness,  but  with  a  resolution  which 
no  labors  could  weary  and  no  dangers  appall,  and  forcing 
them  with  an  iron  will  upon  an  unsympathizing  and  apa- 
thetic people.  These  are  his  titles  to  the  epithet  of  "  Great " ; 
but  with  them  all  he  was  an  unmitigated  tyrant,  —  the  mur- 
derer, perhaps  the  torturer,  of  his  own  son,  a  man  who  united 
the  wisdom  of  a  philosopher  and  the  policy  of  a  great  prince 
with  the  tastes  of  a  satyr,  the  manners  of  a  barbarian  and 
the  passions  of  a  fiend ;  guilty  of  crimes  so  hideous  and  re- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  29 

volting,  that  if  I  attempted  to  describe  them,  I  should  drive 
you  shrieking  from  this  hall.  You  surely  would  not  permit 
me  to  place  the  name  of  Washington  in  comparison  with  his. 
Or  shall  we  compare  him  with  Frederick  the  Second  of 
Prussia,  to  whom  complacent  public  opinion  has  also  ac- 
corded the  epithet  of  "  Great,"  the  European  hero  of  that  war 
in  which  Washington  in  the  morning  of  life  won  his  first 
laurels  ?  He  was  no  doubt  a  military  and  a  civil  genius  of 
the  first  order ;  by  the  energy  of  his  character  he  built  up  a 
kingdom  scarcely  known  by  that  title  when  he  came  to  the 
throne  into  a  first-rate  power ;  the  fearless  soldier,  the  pro- 
found strategist,  the  heroic  chief;  nor  less  a  master  of  politi- 
cal combination,  a  zealous  promoter  of  the  material  prosperity 
of  his  subjects,  who  doubled  the  population  of  his  little 
kingdom,  and  increased  all  the  resources  in  more  than  the 
same  proportion,  notwithstanding  the  wars  in  which  he  was 
continually  involved ;  but  at  the  same  time  a  pedant,  ostenta- 
tious of  superficial  literary  attainments,  a  wretched  poetaster, 
a  dupe  of  the  insipid  adulation  of  godless  foreign  wits,  who 
flattered  him  to  his  face  and  ridiculed  him  behind  his  back ; 
a  German  sovereign  who  yet  preferred  to  write  and  speak 
poor  broken  French,  in  which  Voltaire  said  there  was  not  a 
sentence  which  you  would  not  know  to  be  the  language  of 
a  foreigner,  rather  than  to  use  his  native  noble  Teutonic 
tongue,  the  mother  of  our  own,  the  language  of  Luther's 
translation  of  the  Bible,  in  which  Klopstock  had  just  sounded 
the  clarion  of  the  Messiah  to  the  utmost  borders  of  Germany; 
a  prince  raised  by  Providence  in  the  bitter  school  of  adver- 
sity to  an  absolute  throne,  entertaining  the  most  exalted  ideas 
of  the  kingly  prerogative,  drawing  everything,  even  the  ad- 
ministration of  justice,  into  an  arbitrary  centralization,  who 
had  yet  trained  his  undevout  heart  to  believe  that  blind  chance 
or  blind  destiny  occupies  the  throne  of  the  universe ;  that 
the  heavens  and  the  earth  could  do  without  a  God,  though 
the  paltry  electorate  of  Brandenburg  could  not  do  without  a 
king;  and  that  while  it  was  impossible  for  him  to  hold  the 
scattered  provinces  of  his  little  realm  together  without  a  daily 
outgoing  of  civil,  military,  and  judicial  power,  moved  by  one 


30  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

intellect  and  one  will,  could  yet  believe  that  the  systems  and 
systems  which  compose  the  universe,  beyond  the  power  of 
human  speech  to  enumerate  or  human  thought  to  conceive, 
are  thrown  out  into  one  vast  anarchy,  wheeling  and  hurtling 
through  the  regions  of  space  without  a  lawgiver  and  a  head ; 
who,  so  thinking  and  so  believing  while  he  lived,  when  he 
came  to  die,  in  order  to  mark  more  emphatically  —  as  we  are 
told  by  his  not  unfriendly  biographer — his  contempt  for  the 
species  to  which  he  belonged,  instead  of  allowing  his  "  poor 
old  carcass,"  as  he  himself  called  it,  to  be  laid  by  the  side  of 
his  kindred,  ordered  that  it  should  be  buried  with  his  favorite 
dogs  at  Potsdam! 

Or  shall  we  compare  Washington  with  the  third  greatness 
of  his  age,  the  illustrious  captain  of  the  last  generation  in 
France,  that  portentous  blazing  star  which  began  to  flame 
in  the  eastern  sky  as  our  benignant  luminary  was  sinking  in 
the  west,  amidst  the  golden  clouds  of  a  nation's  blessings  ? 
I  have  no  wish  to  trample  on  the  memory  of  Napoleon  the 
First,  whom  I  regard  by  no  means  as  the  most  ambitious  of 
conquerors,  the  most  arbitrary  of  despots,  or  the  worst  of  men. 
The  virtues  and  the  feelings,  like  the  talents,  the  opportuni- 
ties, and  the  fortunes  of  this  extraordinary  man,  are  on  too 
colossal  a  scale  to  be  measured  by  ordinary  standards  of  mor- 
ality. The  prevalent  opinions  in  this  country  of  his  character 
and  career  have  come  to  us  through  a  British  medium,  dis- 
colored by  a  national  prejudice  and  the  deadly  struggle  of  a 
generation;  or  by  natural  reaction  have  been  founded  on  the 
panegyrics  of  grateful  adherents  and  admiring  subjects,  who 
deem  every  Frenchman  a  partner  in  the  glory  of  their  chief. 
Posterity  and  impartial  history  will  subdue  the  lights  and  re- 
lieve the  shadows  of  the  picture.  They  will  accord  to  him  a 
high,  perhaps  the  highest,  rank  among  the  great  masters  of 
war,  placing  his  name  upon  an  equality  with  the  three  great 
captains  of  antiquity,  if  not  above  them ;  will  study  his  cam- 
paigns for  lessons  of  strategy ;  will  point  to  his  code  as  a 
noble  monument  of  legislative  wisdom  ;  will  dwell  upon  the 
creative  vigor  with  which  he  brought  order  out  of  the  chaos 
of  the  Revolution,  retrieving  the  dilapidated  finances  and  re- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  31 

storing  the  prostrate  industry  of  France ;  will  enumerate  the 
harbors,  the  canals,  the  bridges,  the  public  buildings,  the  Al- 
pine roads,  the  libraries,  the  museums,  and  all  the  thousand 
works  of  industrious  peace  and  productive  art ;  will  not  with- 
hold their  admiration  for  the  giant  grasp  of  his  genius  and 
the  imperial  grandeur  of  his  fortunes,  nor  deny  a  tribute  of 
human  sympathy  to  his  calamitous  decline  and  fall ;  —  but  the 
same  impartial  history  will  record  more  than  one  ineffaceable 
stain  upon  his  character,  and  never  to  the  end  of  time,  never 
on  the  page  of  historian,  poet,  or  philosopher,  never  till  a 
taste  for  true  moral  greatness  is  eaten  out  of  the  hearts  of 
men  by  a  mean  admiration  of  success  and  power,  never  in 
the  exhortations  of  the  prudent  magistrate  counselling  his 
fellow-citizens  for  their  good,  never  in  the  dark  ages  of  na- 
tional fortune,  when  anxious  patriots  explore  the  annals  of 
the  past  for  examples  of  public  virtue,  never  in  the  admoni- 
tion of  the  parent  forming  the  minds  of  his  children  by  les- 
sons of  fireside  wisdom,  never,  O  never,  will  the  name  of 
Napoleon,  nor  of  any  of  the  other  of  the  famous  conquerors 
of  ancient  and  modern  days,  be  placed  upon  a  level  with 
Washington's. 

But  though  Washington  was  thus  great  in  an  age  of  great 
men  and  great  events,  yet  was  his  greatness  neither  borrowed 
nor  reflected,  but  original.  This  is  a  trait  in  his  character, 
and  in  that  of  some  of  his  most  distinguished  contempora- 
ries, not  perhaps  duly  appreciated ;  that  they  were  to  a  degree 
rarely  if  ever  equalled,  the  architects  of  their  own  character, 
and  of  their  country's  fortunes.  Enriched  and  instructed  as 
we  are  by  the  bright  examples,  the  recorded  opinions,  and  the 
established  institutions  of  the  past,  we  reflect  too  little  how 
much  guidance  we  derive  from  them  in  the  practical  duties 
of  public  life  ;  nor  do  we  sufficiently  bear  in  mind  how  many 
of  these  examples,  opinions,  and  institutions  came  down  to 
us  from  the  age  of  Washington  ;  how  few  go  back  to  an 
earlier  period,  or  could  have  been  of  use  in  the  formation  of 
his  mind  or  the  guidance  of  his  conduct.  In  order  fully  to 
estimate  what  he  was  and  what  he  did  for  the  country,  he 


32  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

and  his  associates,  we  must  contrast  America  as  it  was  in 
1732,  without  great  events,  great  institutions,  great  traditions, 
and  great  characters,  with  America  as  it  stood  at  his  decease, 
rich  in  great  events,  great  institutions,  great  traditions,  and 
great  characters,  and  his  the  greatest  of  them  all.  Our  voyage 
is  on  a  well-known  sea,  the  course  laid  down  on  faithful 
charts,  and  the  shores  and  the  havens  pointed  out  and  de- 
scribed by  those  who  have  preceded  us  ;  Washington  and 
the  men  of  his  age,  like  the  great  Columbus,  were  compelled, 
against  adverse  tempests,  to  sound  their  way  along  the  un- 
visited  coasts  of  republican  government  and  constitutional 
liberty. 

In  the  old  societies  of  Europe  (though  in  them,  also,  there 
is  all-pervading  progress,  even  when  least  favored  by  circum- 
stances), and  here  among  us,  in  the  middle  of  the  nineteenth 
century,  in  a  proportionate  degree,  the  relations  of  individual 
men  to  the  masses  of  society,  to  institutions,  and  to  pre- 
existing material,  social,  and  political  conditions,  are  far  less 
critical  than  they  were  in  America  at  the  commencement  of 
Washington's  career.  An  established  form  and  constitution 
of  government,  in  some  cases  the  slow  growth  of  centuries, 
connected  with  it,  and  sometimes  stronger  than  the  govern- 
ment itself,  an  ascertained  and  permanent  order  of  society, 
traditions  public  and  domestic  filling  up  the  vacant  places,  if 
any  such  there  be,  not  covered  by  the  express  constitu- 
tions of  the  state,  venerable  laws,  and  manners  older  than 
laws,  and  especially  the  accumulated  examples  of  ages,  unite 
in  the  Old  World  to  form,  to  influence,  and  to  control  the 
individual  man,  far  more  than  the  individual  man,  however 
brilliant  his  endowments  and  indomitable  his  will,  can  influ- 
ence, control,  and  change  the  mass.  For  the  last  three  cen- 
turies certainly  in  Europe,  the  most  original  and  self-made 
characters  have  been  powerfully  conditioned  and  controlled 
in  their  action  upon  society.  Even  in  the  result  of  great 
revolutions  in  the  old  countries  (those,  for  instance,  the  great- 
est of  all,  in  England  in  the  middle  of  the  seventeenth  and  in 
France  at  the  end  of  the  eighteenth  centuries),  although  in 
their  progress  the  oldest  governments  were  shaken  to  their 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  33 

foundations,  yet  the  social  system,  after  the  most  violent 
convulsions,  often  falls  back  substantially  to  its  pre-existing 
conditions.  What  arrogant  princes  call  legitimacy,  and  mis- 
take for  attachment  to  a  family,  is  a  struggle  of  the  body 
politic  to  revert  to  a  long-established  type  of  political  and 
constitutional  organization. 

Far  different  the  case  in  this  country  previous  to  our  con- 
stitutional age.  In  a  little  more  than  a  century  and  a  half, 
the  English  Colonies  passed  through  all  the  stages  of  social 
and  political  existence  which  lie  between  the  feeblest  pro- 
vincial infancy,  and  powerful,  vigorously  acting,  earnestly 
projecting,  self-reliant  national  manhood,  by  far  the  most 
important  steps  in  the  rapid  movement  having  been  taken  in 
the  lifetime  of  Washington.  He  was  constantly  called  upon, 
he  and  his  associates,  to  engage  in  great  measures  in  which 
there  was  no  precedent  to  guide  them  ;  and  to  display  quali- 
ties of  character,  of  which,  on  a  larger  scale,  no  examples  were 
furnished  by  the  history  of  the  country.  The  first  century  oi 
the  settlements  North  and  South  had  no  doubt  produced  its 
worthy  men,  in  Church  and  in  State,  useful  in  their  day  and 
generation;  but  the  population  was  too  small  in  the  aggre- 
gate, and  scattered,  without  any  principle  of  cohesion,  over 
too  wide  an  extent  of  country,  —  the  theatre  was,  morally 
speaking,  too  narrow,  the  control  of  means,  material  and 
political,  too  inconsiderable,  the  want  of  organization  too 
absolute,  to  admit  the  formation  and  development  of  high 
national  character,  or  furnish  precedents  for  the  new  order  of 
things.  There  was  no  great  revolutionary  struggle  in  the 
seventeenth  century  to  afford  examples  to  guide,  or  beacons 
to  warn,  the  leaders  of  the  great  movement  in  the  eighteenth  ; 
there  was  but  a  very  imperfect  effort  at  constitutional  union 
in  1754  to  direct  the  minds  of  men  in  the  organic  elaboration 
of  that  great  idea  which  forms  the  consummation  of  the  Rev- 
olutionary movement.  I  doubt  if  a  hundred  pages  had  been 
written  on  either  side  of  the  Potomac  before  the  Seven  Years' 
War,  to  which  Washington  and  the  men  of  his  age  could 
refer  for  such  lessons  as  to  us  —  drawn  from  the  writings 
and  examples  of  the  Revolutionary  age  —  are  as  familiar  as 

VOL.  iv.  3 


34  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

household  words.  To  say  all  in  one  word,  there  was  no 
Washington  in  the  seventeenth  century,  in  the  pure  mirror 
of  whose  character  the  Washington  of  the  eighteenth  century 
could  mould  and  fashion  his  youthful  virtues,  or  rehearse  the 
great  part  he  was  to  act  in  life. 

There  was  none  in  America,  there  was  none  in  Europe, 
there  was  none  in  the  modern  world,  there  was  none  in  the 
ancient  world.  I  cast  my  eyes  along  the  far-stretching  gal- 
leries of  history,  still  echoing  to  the  footsteps  of  the  mighty 
dead ;  I  behold  with  admiration  the  images  and  the  statues 
of  the  great  and  good  men  with  which  they  are  adorned  ;  I 
see  many  who  deserved  well  of  their  country  in  civil  and 
military  life,  on  the  throne,  in  the  council-chamber,  on  the 
battle-field ;  while  they  lived,  wreathed  with  well-won  lau- 
rels and  scarred  with  honest  wounds, —  Hampden  and  William 
of  Orange,  William  Tell  and  Robert  Bruce  and  King  Alfred, 
and  in  the  olden  times  Cato  and  Tully  and  Demosthenes 
and  Timoleon  and  Epaminondas ;  but  I  behold  in  the  long 
line  no  other  Washington.  I  return  from  the  search,  up  and 
down  the  pathways  of  time,  grateful  to  the  Providence  which, 
at  the  solemn  moment  when  the  destinies  of  the  continent 
were  suspended  in  the  balance  of  a  doubtful  future,  —  doubt- 
ful to  human  apprehension, — raised  up  a  chieftain  endowed 
with  every  quality  of  mind  and  heart  to  guide  the  fortunes 
of  a  nascent  state. 

If,  then,  we  claim  for  Washington  this  solitary  eminence 
among  the  great  and  good,  the  question  will  naturally  be 
asked,  in  what  the  peculiar  and  distinctive  excellence  of  his 
character  consisted ;  and  to  this  fair  question  I  own,  my  friends, 
I  am  tasked  to  find  an  answer  that  does  full  justice  to  my 
own  conceptions  and  feelings.  It  is  easy  to  run  over  the 
heads  of  such  a  contemplation ;  to  enumerate  the  sterling 
qualities  which  he  possessed  and  the  defects  from  which  he 
was  free ;  but  when  all  is  said  in  this  way  that  can  be  said, 
with  whatever  justice  of  honest  eulogy  and  whatever  sym- 
pathy of  appreciation,  we  feel  that  there  is  a  depth  which  we 
have  not  sounded,  a  latent  power  we  have  not  measured,  a 
mysterious  beauty  of  character  which  you  can  no  more  de- 


THE    CHARACTER     OF    WASHINGTON.  35 

scribe  in  words  than  you  can  paint  a  blush  with  a  patch  of 
red  paint,  or  the  glance  of  a  sunbeam  from  a  ripple  with 
a  streak  of  white  paint  thrown  upon  the  canvas ;  a  moral 
fascination,  so  to  express  it,  which  all  feel,  but  which  we 
cannot  analyze  nor  trace  to  its  elements.  All  the  personal 
traditions  of  Washington  assure  us  that  there  was  a  serene 
dignity  in  his  presence,  which  charmed  while  it  awed  the 
boldest  who  approached  him. 

It  is  with  his  character  as  with  his  image  on  the  canvas. 
Who  can  fully  account  for  the  emotions  with  which  he  con- 
templates Stuart's  portrait  or  Houdon's  statue  ?  To  use  the 
hackneyed  phrases  of  artistic  criticism,  there  is  no  lordly 
brow,  no  hyacinthine  locks,  no  flashing  eye,  no  dilated  nos- 
tril, no  chiselled  lips;  in  the  face  no  one  strongly  marked 
feature,  in  the  form  no  muscular  development  like  that  of  the 
youthful  Hercules,  no  marvellous  symmetry  like  that  of  the 
Apollo  Belvedere;  but  there  is  something  in  face  and  form 
which  supplies  and  surpasses  them  all, — the  stamp  of  unas- 
suming superiority,  sincerity,  and  truth  ;  a  benignant  serenity 
which  is  more  than  beautiful ;  a  calm  dignity,  like  that  of  the 
affable  angel  who  has  put  on  the  lineaments  of  man. 

"  A  reverend  state  he  had,  an  awful  eye, 
A  dazzling,  yet  inviting  majesty." 

You  feel  as  you  are  gazing  into  that  patient  blue  eye, 
where  resignation  shades  into  sadness,  that  you  are  looking 
upon  a  man  whose  word  you  would  respect  as  an  uninspired 
scripture  ;  whose  probity  you  would  trust  with  uncounted 
gold  ;  whose  counsels  you  would  lay  up  in  your  heart,  as 
those  of  a  dying  father ;  whose  lead  you  would  implicitly  fol- 
low in  the  darkest  hours  of  trial ;  whose  good  opinion  you 
would  not  barter  for  the  wealth  of  the  Indies ;  —  a  man  to- 
ward whom  affection  rises  into  reverence,  and  reverence  melts 
back  into  childish,  tearful  love. 

It  is  usual,  I  am  aware,  with  a  certain  class  of  writers,  espe- 
cially foreign  writers,  while  they  do  a  sort  of  vague  justice  to 
the  character  of  Washington,  assigning  him  a  most  eminent 
rank  in  peace  and  in  war,  as  a  chieftain,  a  magistrate,  and  a 


db  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

pure  patriot,  to  qualify  this  estimate  by  denying  to  him  the 
possession  of  those  brilliant  traits  which  dazzle  the  imagina- 
tion, and  to  apologize  for  his  wanting  what  is  called  genius. 

Now,  it  is  certainly  of  little  consequence  to  a  memory  like 
Washington's,  —  a  memory  founded  upon  a  life  of  services 
to  his  country  and  mankind,  without  a  parallel  in  history,  —  to 
contest  a  point  like  this,  which  belongs  rather  to  the  criticism 
of  language  than  the  estimate  of  character.  If  Washington 
was  able,  under  the  circumstances  of  the  utmost  difficulty 
and  danger  with  which  he  was  surrounded,  to  conduct  the 
war  of  the  Revolution  to  an  auspicious  and  honorable  close  ; 
if  confidence  in  him  was  the  sheet-anchor,  so  to  say,  to  which 
the  country  was  moored  during  the  anxious  period  of  no  gov- 
ernment which  succeeded  the  Revolution  ;  if  his  influence 
was  mainly  instrumental  in  giving  us  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States  ;  and  if  in  his  eight  years'  administration  of  the 
chief  office  he  set  an  example,  which  to  the  end  of  time  will  be 
the  model  of  a  patriot  President;  —  if  he  was  all  this  and  did 
all  this,  without  those  dazzling  powers  of  mind  which  consti- 
tute what  is  commonly  meant  by  genius,  then  we  may  safely 
say,  in  reference  at  least  to  the  conduct  of  affairs,  that  genius 
is  an  endowment  of  very  little  importance.  Men  will  gladly 
exchange  the  qualities  which  fascinate  the  imaginations  for 
those  by  which  righteous  wars  are  brought  to  honorable  is- 
sues, families  of  states  gathered  into  confederacies,  wise  con- 
stitutions  framed,  governments  administered,  and  the  happi- 
ness of  states  promoted.  "  I  cannot  play  the  fiddle,"  said  the 
illustrious  Grecian  statesman  (a  man,  however,  not  to  be 
named  in  the  same  day  with  Washington  for  purity  and 
elevation  of  character),  —  "I  cannot  play  the  fiddle,"  said 
Themistocles ;  "but  I  can  make  a  small  town  into  a  great 
city."* 

But,  so  far  from  regarding  the  absence  of  brilliant  qualities 
as  a  defect,  I  am  disposed  to  place  the  distinctive  beauty  and 
excellence  of  Washington's  character  in  that  well-balanced 

*  Plutarch's  Themistocles,  as  the  saying  is  rendered  by  Lord  Baeon,  whose 
translation,  as  might  be  expected,  is  far  more  spirited  than  the  original. 


THE     CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  37 

aggregate  of  powers  and  virtues  for  which  he  was  distin- 
guished, and  which  necessarily  excludes  the  possession  of 
one  or  two  highly  developed  prominent  traits.  No  one,  I 
think,  who  has  carefully  reflected  on  the  subject,  but  will 
come  to  the  conclusion  that,  instead  of  being  improved,  his 
character  would  have  been  impaired  by  any  such  dazzling 
quality,  especially  when  we  take  into  account  the  defects  with 
which  such  qualities  are  sure  to  be  accompanied.  The  ardent 
and  ungoverned  temperament,  the  indomitable  will  (often 
another  name  for  arrogant  obstinacy  and  selfishness),  the 
passionate  love  of  distinction  and  applause,  which  enter  so 
largely  in  most  cases  into  what  is  called  a  brilliant  public 
character,  would  have  destroyed  the  beauty  and  broken  down 
the  strength  of  Washington's.  The  ancient  philosophers 
placed  the  true  conception  of  perfect  manhood  in  the  posses- 
sion of  those  powers  and  qualities  which  are  required  for  the 
honorable  and  successful  discharge  of  the  duties  of  life,  each 
in  the  golden  mean,  equally  removed  from  excess  in  either 
direction,  and  all  in  due  proportion.  This  type  of  true  great- 
ness I  find  more  fully  realized  in  the  character  of  Washington 
than  in  that  of  any  other  chieftain  or  ruler  of  ancient  or  mod- 
ern times.  He  did  not  possess  a  few  brilliant  qualities  in  that 
exaggerated  degree  in  which  they  are  habitually  ascribed  to 
the  heroes  of  poetry  and  romance ;  but  he  united  all  the  qual- 
ities required  for  the  honorable  and  successful  conduct  of  the 
greatest  affairs,  each  in  the  happy  mean  of  a  full  maturity, 
and  all  in  that  true  proportion  in  which  they  balance  and 
sustain  each  other. 

Now,  the  popular  estimate  of  character  knows  nothing  of 
this  golden  mean  and  harmonious  adjustment.  In  the  chief- 
tain, it  coldly  approves  a  thoughtful  valor,  and  loves  the  gal- 
lant rashness  which  finds  a  joy  in  the  maddening  conflict. 
In  the  magistrate,  it  faintly  applauds  a  discreet  and  well- 
weighed  system  of  public  measures,  but  it  does  not  frown 
on  the  selfish  management  of  the  artful  manoeuvrer,  and  de- 
lights in  the  success  which  occasionally  follows  an  audacious 
coup  d'etat.  In  the  senate  or  on  the  platform  it  listens  with 
respectful,  often  with  constrained,  attention  to  the  voice  of 


38  THE    CHARACTER     OF    WASHINGTON. 

well-urged  reason  and  argument,  but  yields  itself  a  willing 
captive  to  the  specious  declamation,  which  often  misleads  the 
judgment  while  it  delights  the  ear,  and  sometimes  maddens 
while  it  charms. 

But,  above  all,  it  belongs  to  a  well-balanced  character  like 
Washington's  that  it  should  include  the  grave,  sober,  and,  I 
am  sorry  to  add,  the  unpopular  qualities.  Such  a  virtue,  for 
instance,  is  prudence,  which,  according  to  the  stern  Roman 
satirist,  disarms  Fortune  of  her  power.  Consummate  pru- 
dence marked  the  life  and  conduct  of  Washington.  But,  in 
the  inverted  estimate  of  the  world,  prudence  receives  no  ap- 
plause, excites  no  admiration,  wins  no  love.  We  sometimes 
almost  hate  it  for  the  restraints  which  it  imposes  upon  the 
endearing  weaknesses  and  generous  follies  of  a  warm  and 
kindly  nature. 

Justice  is  another  of  the  great  kingly  virtues  of  life ;  the 
governments  of  men,  the  government  of  God  on  high,  rest 
upon  it.  Justice  was  personified  in  Washington  ;  it  was  the 
law  of  his  life.  But  justice  is  not  a  quality  that  fascinates 
the  imaginations  of  men.  Moralists  inculcate  it,  all  men  ex- 
act it  in  their  dealings  when  it  promotes  their  interest ;  the 
Athenians,  at  the  height  of  their  refinement,  grew  tired  of  it, 
in  the  person  of  Aristides,  and  banished  it. 

Modesty  is  a  lovely  trait,  which  sets  the  last  seal  to  a  truly 
great  character,  as  the  blush  of  innocence  adds  the  last 
charm  to  youthful  beauty.  When,  on  his  return  from  one  of 
his  arduous  campaigns  in  the  Seven  Years'  War,  the  Speaker 
of  the  Virginia  Assembly,  by  order  of  the  House,  addressed 
Colonel  Washington  in  acknowledgment  of  his  services,  the 
youthful  hero  rose  to  reply;  but  humility  choked  his  utter- 
ance, diffidence  sealed  his  lips.  "  Sit  down,  Colonel  Wash- 
ington," said  the  Speaker ;  "  the  House  sees  that  your  mod- 
esty is  equal  to  your  merit,  and  that  exceeds  my  power  of 
language  to  describe."  But  who  ever  heard  of  a  modest 
Alexander  or  a  modest  Caesar,  or  a  modest  hero  or  states- 
man of  the  present  day  ?  —  much  as  some  of  them  would  be 
improved  by  a  measure  of  that  quality. 

Common  sense  was  eminently  a  characteristic  of  Wash- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  39 

ington ;  so  called,  not  because  it  is  so  very  common  a  trait  of 
character  of  public  men,  but  because  it  is  the  final  judgment 
on  great  practical  questions  to  which  the  mind  of  the  com- 
munity is  pretty  sure  eventually  to  arrive.  Few  qualities  of 
character  in  those  who  influence  the  fortunes  of  nations  are 
so  conducive  both  to  stability  and  progress.  But  it  is  a  qual- 
ity which  takes  no  hold  of  the  imagination ;  it  inspires  no 
enthusiasm,  it  wins  no  favor ;  it  is  well  if  it  can  stand  its 
ground  against  the  plausible  absurdities,  the  hollow  pre- 
tences, the  stupendous  impostures  of  the  day. 

But,  however  these  unobtrusive  and  austere  virtues  may- 
be overlooked  in  the  popular  estimate,  they  belong  unques- 
tionably to  the  true  type  of  sterling  greatness,  reflecting  as 
far  as  it  can  be  done  within  the  narrow  limits  of  humanity 
that  deep  repose  and  silent  equilibrium  of  mental  and  moral 
power  which  governs  the  universe.  To  complain  of  the  char- 
acter of  Washington  that  it  is  destitute  of  brilliant  qualities, 
is  to  complain  of  a  circle  that  it  has  no  salient  points  and  no 
sharp  angles  in  its  circumference ;  forgetting  that  it  owes  all 
its  wonderful  properties  to  the  unbroken  curve  of  which  ev- 
ery point  is  equidistant  from  the  centre*  Instead,  therefore, 
of  being  a  mark  of  inferiority,  this  sublime  adjustment  of 
powers  and  virtues  in  the  character  of  Washington  is  in  re- 
ality its  glory.  It  is  this  which  chiefly  puts  him  in  harmony 
with  more  than  human  greatness.  The  higher  we  rise  in  the 
scale  of  being,  —  material,  intellectual,  and  moral,  —  the  more 
certainly  we  quit  the  region  of  the  brilliant  eccentricities  and 
dazzling  contrasts  which  belong  to  a  vulgar  greatness.  Or- 
der and  proportion  characterize  the  primordial  constitution 
of  the  terrestrial  system ;  ineffable  harmony  rules  the  heavens. 

*  I  was  not  aware,  when  I  wrote  this  sentence,  that  I  had  ever  read  Dry- 
den's  "  Heroic  Stanzas  consecrated  to  the  Memory  of  his  Highness  Oliver,  late 
Lord  Protector  of  this  Commonwealth,  written  after  celebrating  his  funeral," 
one  of  which  is  as  follows :  — 

"  How  shall  I  then  begin  or  where  conclude, 
To  draw  a  fame  so  truly  circular, 
For  in  a  round  what  order  can  be  shewed, 
When  all  the  parts  so  equal  perfect  are  1 " 


40  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

All  the  great  eternal  forces  act  in  solemn  silence.  The  brawl- 
ing  torrent  that  dries  up  in  summer  deafens  you  with  its 
roaring  whirlpools  in  March ;  while  the  vast  earth  on  which 
we  dwell,  with  all  its  oceans  and  all  its  continents  and  its 
thousand  millions  of  inhabitants,  revolves  unheard  upon  its 
soft  axle  at  the  rate  of  a  thousand  miles  an  hour,  and  rushes 
noiselessly  on  its  orbit  a  million  and  a  half  miles  a  day. 
Two  storm-clouds  encamped  upon  opposite  hills  on  a  sultry 
summer's  evening,  at  the  expense  of  no  more  electricity,  ac- 
cording to  Mr.  Faraday,  than  is  evolved  in  the  decomposi- 
tion of  a  single  drop  of  water,  will  shake  the  surrounding 
atmosphere  with  their  thunders,  which,  loudly  as  they  rattle 
on  the  spot,  will  yet  not  be  heard  at  the  distance  of  twenty 
miles;  while  those  tremendous  and  unutterable  forces  which 
ever  issue  from  the  throne  of  God,  and  drag  the  chariot- 
wheels  of  Uranus  and  Neptune  along  the  uttermost  path- 
ways of  the  solar  system,  pervade  the  illimitable  universe  in 
silence. 

This  calm  and  well-balanced  temperament  of  Washing- 
ton's character  is  not  badly  shadowed  forth  in  the  poet's  de- 
scription of  Cicero :  — 

"  This  magistrate  hath  struck  an  awe  into  me, 
And  by  his  sweetness  won  a  more  regard 
Unto  his  place,  than  all  the  boisterous  moods 
That  ignorant  greatness  praetiseth  to  fill 
The  large  unfit  authority  it  wears. 
How  easy  is  a  noble  spirit  discerned 
From  harsh  and  sulphurous  matter,  that  flies  out 
In  contumelies,  makes  a  noise,  and  bursts."  * 

And  did  I  say,  my  friends,  that  I  was  unable  to  furnish  an 
entirely  satisfactory  answer  to  the  question,  in  what  the  true 
excellence  of  the  character  of  Washington  consists?  Let  me 
recall  the  word  as  unjust  to  myself  and  unjust  to  you.  The 
answer  is  plain  and  simple  enough ;  it  is  this,  that  all  the 
great  qualities  of  disposition  and  action,  which  so  eminently 
fitted  him  for  the  service  of  his  fellow^men,  were  founded 
on  the  basis  of  a  pure  Christian  morality,  and  derived  their 

*  Ben  Jonson's  Catiline. 


THE     CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  41 

strength  and  energy  from  that  vital  source.  He  was  great 
as  he  was  good ;  he  was  great  because  he  was  good ;  and  I 
believe,  as  I  do  in  my  existence,  that  it  was  an  important 
part  of  the  design  of  Providence  in  raising  him  up  to  be  the 
leader  of  the  Revolutionary  struggle,  and  afterwards  the  first 
President  of  the  United  States,  to  rebuke  prosperous  ambi- 
tion and  successful  intrigue ;  to  set  before  the  people  of 
America,  in  the  morning  of  their  national  existence,  a  living 
example  to  prove  that  armies  may  be  best  conducted,  and 
governments  most  ably  and  honorably  administered,  by  men 
of  sound  moral  principle ;  to  teach  to  gifted  and  aspiring  in- 
dividuals, and  the  parties  they  lead,  that,  though  a  hundred 
crooked  paths  may  conduct  to  a  temporary  success,  the  one 
plain  and  straight  path  of  public  and  private  virtue  can 
alone  lead  to  a  pure  and  lasting  fame  and  the  blessings  of 
posterity. 

Born  beneath  an  humble  but  virtuous  roof,  brought  up 
at  the  knees  of  a  mother  not  unworthy  to  be  named  with  the 
noblest  matrons  of  Rome  or  Israel,  the  "  good  boy,"  as  she 
delighted  to  call  him,  passed  uncorrupted  through  the  temp- 
tations of  the  solitary  frontier,  the  camp,  and  the  gay  world, 
and  grew  up  into  the  good  man.  Engaging  in  early  youth 
in  the  service  of  the  country,  rising  rapidly  to  the  highest 
trusts,  office  and  influence  and  praise  passing  almost  the 
bounds  of  human  desert  did  nothing  to  break  down  the 
austere  simplicity  of  his  manners  or  to  shake  the  solid  basis 
of  his  virtues.  Placed  at  the  head  of  the  suffering  and  dis- 
contented armies  of  his  country,  urged  by  the  tempter  to 
change  his  honest  and  involuntary  dictatorship  of  influence 
into  a  usurped  dictatorship  of  power,  reluctantly  consent- 
ing to  one  re-election  to  the  Presidency  and  positively  re- 
jecting a  second,  no  suspicion  ever  crossed  the  mind  of  an 
honest  man, — let  the  libellers  say  what  they  would,  for  libel- 
lers I  am  sorry  to  say  there  were  in  that  day  as  in  this, — 
men  who  pick  their  daily  dishonorable  bread  out  of  the  char- 
acters of  men  as  virtuous  as  themselves,  —  and  they  spared 
not  Washington,  —  but  the  suspicion  never  entered  into  the 
mind  of  an  honest  man,  that  his  heart  was  open  to  the  se- 


42  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

ductions  of  ambition  or  interest;  or  that  he  was  capable  in 
the  slightest  degree,  by  word  or  deed,  of  shaping  his  policy 
with  a  view  to  court  popular  favor  or  serve  a  selfish  end; 
that  a  wish  or  purpose  ever  entered  his  mind  inconsistent 
with  the  spotless  purity  of  his  character. 

"  No  veil 
He  needed,  virtue  proof,  no  thought  infirm 
Altered  his  cheek." 

And  is  the  judgment  of  mankind  so  depraved,  is  their  per- 
ception of  moral  worth  so  dull,  that  they  can  withhold  their 
admiration  from  such  a  character  and  bestow  it,  for  instance, 
upon  the  hard-hearted,  wondrous  youth  of  ancient  renown, 
who  when  he  had  trampled  the  effeminate  rabble  of  the  East 
under  the  iron  feet  of  his  Macedonian  Phalanx,  and  that 
world  which  he  wept  to  conquer  was  in  fact  grovelling  at 
his  footstool ;  when  he  might  have  founded  a  dynasty  at 
Babylon  which  would  have  crushed  the  Roman  domination 
in  the  bud,  and  changed  the  history  of  the  world  from  that 
time  to  this,  could  fool  away  the  sceptre  of  universal  domin- 
ion which  Providence  was  forcing  into  his  hand  in  one  night's 
debauch,  and  quench  power  and  glory  and  reason  and  life  in 
the  poisonous  cup  of  wine  and  harlotry  ? 

Can  men  coldly  qualify  their  applause  of  the  patriot  hero 
of  the  American  Revolution,  who  never  drew  his  sword  but 
in  a  righteous  defensive  war,  and  magnify  the  name  of  the 
great  Roman  Dictator  who  made  the  "bravo's  trade"  the 
merciless  profession  of  his  life,  and  trained  his  legions  in  the 
havoc  of  unoffending  foreign  countries  for  the  "  more  than 
civil  wars  "  in  which  he  prostrated  the  liberties  of  his  own  ? 

Can  they  seriously  disparage  our  incorruptible  Washing- 
ton, who  would  not  burden  the  impoverished  treasury  of  the 
Union  by  accepting  even  the  frugal  pay  of  his  rank ;  whose 
entire  expenditure  charged  to  the  public  for  the  whole  war 
was  less  than  the  cost  of  the  stationery  of  Congress  for  a 
single  year;  whom  all  the  gold  of  California  and  Australia 
could  not  have  bribed  to  a  mean  act,  —  can  they  seriously  dis- 
parage him  in  comparison  with  such  a  man  as  the  hero  of 
Blenheim,  the  renowned  English  commander,  the  ablest  gen- 


THE     CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  43 

eral,  the  most  politic  statesman,  the  most  adroit  negotiator 
of  the  day,  —  of  whom  it  has  been  truly  said  that  he  never 
formed  the  plan  of  a  campaign  which  he  failed  to  execute, 
never  besieged  a  city  which  he  did  not  take,  never  fought  a 
battle  which  he  did  not  gain,  and  who,  alas!  caused  the 
muster-rolls  of  his  victorious  army  to  be  fraudulently  made 
out,  and  pocketed  the  pay  which  he  drew  in  the  names  of 
men  who  had  fallen  in  his  own  sight  four  years  before. 

There  is  a  splendid  monumental  pile  in  England,  the  most 
magnificent  perhaps  of  her  hundred  palaces,  founded  in  the 
time  of  Queen  Ann  at  the  public  cost,  to  perpetuate  the  fame 
of  Marlborough.  The  grand  building,  with  its  vast  wings 
and  spacious  courts,  covers  seven  acres  and  a  half  of  land.  It 
is  approached  on  its  various  sides  by  twelve  gates  or  bridges, 
some  of  them  triumphal  gates,  in  a  circumference  of  thir- 
teen miles,  enclosing  the  noble  park  of  twenty-seven  hundred 
acres  (Boston  Common  has  forty-three),  in  which  the  castle 
stands,  surrounded  by  the  choicest  beauties  of  forest  and  gar- 
den and  fountain  and  lawn  and  stream.  All  that  gold  could 
buy,  or  the  bounty  of  his  own  or  foreign  princes  could  be- 
stow, or  taste  devise,  or  art  execute,  or  ostentation  could 
lavish,  to  perfect  and  adorn  the  all  but  regal  structure,  with- 
out and  within,  is  there.  Its  saloons  and  its  galleries,  its 
library  and  its  museum,  among  the  most  spacious  in  Eng- 
land for  a  private  mansion,  are  filled  with  the  rarities  and 
wonders  of  ancient  and  modern  art.  Eloquent  inscriptions 
from  the  most  gifted  pens  of  the  age  —  the  English  by  Lord 
Bolingbroke,  the  Latin,  I  believe,  by  Bishop  Hoadley  —  set 
forth  on  triumphal  arches  and  columns  the  exploits  of  him  to 
whom  the  whole  edifice  and  the  domains  which  surround  it 
are  one  gorgeous  monument.  Lest  human  adulation  should 
prove  unequal  to  the  task,  Nature  herself  has  been  called  in 
to  record  his  achievements.  They  have  been  planted,  rooted 
in  the  soil.  Groves  and  coppices,  curiously  disposed,  repre- 
sent the  position,  the  numbers,  the  martial  array  of  the  hos- 
tile squadrons  at  Blenheim.  Thus,  with  each  returning  year, 
Spring  hangs  out  his  triumphant  banners.  May's  iEolian 
lyre  sings  of  his  victories  through  her  gorgeous  foliage ;  and 


44  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

the  shrill  tramp  of  November  sounds  "  Malbrook "  through 
her  leafless  branches. 

Twice  in  my  life  I  have  visited  the  magnificent  residence, 

—  not  as  a  guest;  once  when  its  stately  porticos  afforded  a 
grateful  shelter  from  the  noonday  sun,  and  again,  after  thirty 
years'  interval,  when  the  light  of  a  full  harvest  moon  slept 
sweetly  on  the  bank  once  shaded  by  fair  Rosamond's  bower, 

—  so  says  tradition,  —  and  poured  its  streaming  bars  of  sil- 
ver through  the  branches  of  oaks  which  were  growing  before 
Columbus  discovered  America.  But  to  me,  at  noontide  or 
in  the  evening,  the  gorgeous  pile  was  as  dreary  as  death,  its 
luxurious  grounds  as  melancholy  as  a  churchyard.  It  seemed 
to  me,  not  a  splendid  palace,  but  a  dismal  mausoleum,  in 
which  a  great  and  blighted  name  lies  embalmed  like  some 
old  Egyptian  tyrant,  black  and  ghastly  in  the  asphaltic  con- 
tempt of  ages,  serving  but  to  rescue  from  an  enviable  obliv- 
ion the  career  and  character  of  the  magnificent  peculator  and 
miser  and  traitor  to  whom  it  is  dedicated;  needy  in  the  midst 
of  his  ill-gotten  millions  ;  mean  at  the  head  of  his  victorious 
armies ;  despicable  under  the  shadow  of  his  thick-woven  lau- 
rels; and  poor  and  miserable  and  blind  and  naked  amidst 
the  lying  shams  of  his  tinsel  greatness.  The  eloquent  in- 
scriptions in  Latin  and  English  as  I  strove  to  read  them 
seemed  to  fade  from  arch  and  column,  and  three  dreadful 
words  of  palimpsestic  infamy  came  out  in  their  stead,  like 
those  which  caused  the  knees  of  the  Chaldaean  tyrant  to 
smite  together,  as  he  beheld  them  traced  by  no  mortal  fingers 
on  the  vaulted  canopy  which  spread  like  a  sky  over  his  ac- 
cursed revels ;  and  those  dreadful  words  were,  — 

Avarice,  Plunder,  Eternal  Shame  ! 

There  is  a  modest  private  mansion  on  the  bank  of  the 
Potomac,  the  abode  of  George  Washington  and  Martha  his 
beloved,  his  loving,  faithful  wife.  It  boasts  no  spacious  por- 
tal nor  gorgeous  colonnade,  nor  massy  elevation,  nor  storied 
tower.  The  porter's  lodge  at  Blenheim  Castle,  nay,  the  mar- 
ble dog-kennels  were  not  built  for  the  entire  cost  of  Mount 
Vernon.     No  arch  nor  column,  in  courtly  English  or  court- 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  45 

lier  Latin,  sets  forth  the  deeds  and  the  worth  of  the  Father 
of  his  Country ;  he  needs  them  not ;  the  unwritten  benedic- 
tions of  millions  cover  all  the  walls.  No  gilded  dome  swells 
from  the  lowly  roof  to  catch  the  morning  or  evening  beam ; 
but  the  love  and  gratitude  of  united  America  settle  upon  it 
in  one  eternal  sunshine.  From  beneath  that  humble  roof 
went  forth  the  intrepid  and  unselfish  warrior,  —  the  magis- 
trate who  knew  no  glory  but  his  country's  good  ;  to  that 
he  returned  happiest  when  his  work  was  done.  There  he 
lived  in  noble  simplicity;  there  he  died  in  glory  and  peace. 
While  it  stands  the  latest  generations  of  the  grateful  chil- 
dren of  America  will  make  this  pilgrimage  to  it  as  to  a 
shrine ;  and  when  it  shall  fall,  if  fall  it  must,  the  memory 
and  the  name  of  Washington  shall  shed  an  eternal  glory  on 
the  spot. 

Yes,  my  friends,  it  is  the  pure  morality  of  Washington's 
character  in  which  its  peculiar  excellence  resides ;  and  it  is 
this  which  establishes  its  intimate  relations  with  general  hu- 
manity. On  this  basis  he  ceases  to  be  the  hero  of  America, 
and  becomes  the  hero  of  mankind.  I  have  seen  it  lately 
maintained  by  a  respectable  foreign  writer,  that  he  could  not 
have  led  the  mighty  host  which  Napoleon  marched  into  Rus- 
sia in  1812 ;  not  so  much  one  army  as  thirteen  armies,  each 
led  by  its  veteran  chief,  some  of  them  by  tributary  kings,  and 
all  conducted  to  their  destination  across  continental  Europe 
without  confusion  and  without  mutual  interference,  by  the 
master  mind,  the  greatest  military  array  the  world  has  ever 
seen.  That  Washington,  who  never  proved  unequal  to  any 
task  however  novel  or  arduous,  could  not  have  led  that  gigan- 
tic army  into  Russia  I  am  slow  to  believe.  I  see  not  why  he 
who  did  great  things  with  small  means  is  to  be  supposed  to 
be  incompetent  to  do  great  things  with  large  means.  That 
he  would  not,  if  it  depended  on  him,  have  plunged  France 
and  Europe  into  that  dreadful  war,  I  readily  grant.  But 
allowing,  what  cannot  be  shown,  that  he  was  not  as  a  strate- 
gist equal  to  the  task  in  question,  I  do  not  know  that  his 
military  reputation  is  more  impeached  by  this  gratuitous  as- 
sumption, that  he  could  not  have  got  that  mighty  host  into 


46  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

Russia,  than  Napoleon's  by  the  historical  fact  that  he  could 
not  and  did  not  get  it  out  of  Russia. 

At  any  rate,  whatever  idle  comparisons  between  Napoleon 
and  Washington,  unfavorable  to  the  military  genius  of  the 
latter,  may  be  instituted,  Washington  himself,  modest  as  he 
was,  deriving  conscious  strength  from  the  pure  patriotism 
which  formed  the  great  motive  of  his  conduct,  did  not  fear 
to  place  himself  in  a  position  which  he  must  have  thought 
would,  in  all  human  probability,  bring  him  into  collision  with 
the  youthful  conqueror  of  Italy,  fresh  from  the  triumphs  of 
his  first,  and,  all  things  considered,  his  most  brilliant  cam- 
paigns. The  United  States,  I  need  not  remind  you,  were  on 
the  verge  of  a  war  with  France  in  1798.  The  command  of 
the  armies  of  the  Union  was  pressed  by  President  Adams 
on  Washington,  and  he  consented  to  take  command  in  the 
event  of  an  invasion.  In  a  very  remarkable  letter  written  in 
July,  1798,  he  mentions  the  practice  "  adopted  by  the  French 
(with  whom  we  are  now  to  contend),  and  with  great  and 
astonishing  success,  to  appoint  generals  of  juvenile  years  to 
command  their  armies."  *  He  had  every  reason  at  that  time 
to  suppose,  and  no  doubt  did  suppose,  that  in  the  event  of  a 
French  invasion,  the  armies  of  France  would  have  been  com- 
manded by  the  youngest  and  most  successful  of  those  youth- 
ful generals. 

A  recent  judicious  French  writer  (M.  Edouard  Laboulaye), 
though  greatly  admiring  the  character  of  Washington,  de- 
nies him  the  brilliant  military  genius  of  Julius  Caesar.  For 
my  own  part,  considering  the  disparity  of  the  means  at  their 
command  respectively  and  of  their  scale  of  operations,  I  be- 
lieve that  after  times  will,  on  the  score  of  military  capacity, 
assign  as  high  a  place  to  the  patriot  chieftain  who  founded 
the  Republic  of  America,  as  to  the  ambitious  usurper  who 
overturned  the  liberties  of  Rome.  Washington  would  not 
most  certainly  have  carried  an  unprovoked  and  desolating 
war  into  the  provinces  of  Gallia,  chopping  off  the  right  hands 
of  whole  populations  guilty  of  no  crime  but  that  of  defend- 
ing their  homes ;  he  would  not  have  thrown  his  legions  into 

*  Washington's  Works,  Vol.  XI.  p.  249. 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  47 

Britain  as  Csesar  did,  though  the  barbarous  natives  had 
never  heard  of  his  name.  Though,  to  meet  the  invaders  of 
his  country,  he  could  push  his  way  across  the  broad  Dela- 
ware, through  drifting  masses  of  ice  in  a  December  night,  he 
could  not,  I  grant,  in  defiance  of  the  laws  of  his  country, 
have  spurred  his  horse  across  the  "  little  Rubicon "  beneath 
the  mild  skies  of  an  Ausonian  winter,  f  It  was  not  talent 
which  he  wanted  for  brilliant  military  achievement  ;  he 
wanted  a  willingness  to  shed  the  blood  of  fellow-men  for 
selfish  ends  ;  he  wanted  unchastened  ambition ;  he  wanted 
an  ear  deaf  as  the  adder's  to  the  cry  of  suffering  humanity  ; 
he  wanted  a  remorseless  thirst  for  false  glory  ;  he  wanted  an 
iron  heart. 

But  it  is  time,  my  friends,  to  draw  these  contemplations  to 
a  close.  When  the  decease  of  this  illustrious  and  beloved 
commander-in-chief,  in  1799,  was  officially  announced  to  the 
army  of  the  United  States  by  General  Hamilton,  who  of  all 
his  honored  and  trusted  associates  stood  highest,  I  think,  in 
his  affections  and  confidence,  it  was  truly  said  by  him  in  his 
general  orders,  that  "  the  voice  of  praise  would  in  vain  en- 
deavor to  exalt  a  name  unrivalled  in  the  lists  of  true  glory." 
It  is  for  us,  citizens  of  the  country  which  he  lived  but  to 
serve,  children  of  parents  who  saw  him  face  to  face,  enjoying 
ourselves  the  inestimable  blessings  which  he  did  so  much  to 
secure  and  perpetuate,  to  reflect  lustre  upon  his  memory  in 
the  only  way  in  which  it  is  possible  for  us  to  do  so,  by  show- 
ing that  his  example  and  his  counsels,  instead  of  losing  their 
influence  by  the  lapse  of  years,  are  possessed  of  an  ever-dur- 
ing  vitality.  Born  into  the  family  of  nations  in  these  latter 
days,  inheriting  from  ancient  times  and  from  foreign  coun- 
tries the  bright  and  instructive  example  of  all  their  honored 
sons,  it  has  been  the  privilege  of  America,  in  the  first  genera- 
tion of  her  national  existence,  to  give  back  to  the  world  many 
names  whose  lustre  will  never  fade,  one  of  which  the  whole 
family  of  Christendom  is  willing  to  acknowledge  the  pre-em- 
inence; a  name  of  which  neither  Greece  nor  Rome,  nor  repub- 
lican Italy,  Switzerland  nor  Holland,  nor  constitutional  Eng- 

f  "  Ut  ventum  est  parvi  Rubicontis  ad  undara.  "  —  Lucan,  I.  185. 


48  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

land  can  boast  the  rival.  "  A  character  of  virtues  so  happily 
tempered  by  one  another,"  (I  use  the  words  of  Charles  James 
Fox,)  "  and  so  wholly  unalloyed  with  any  vices  as  that  of 
Washington,  is  hardly  to  be  found  on  the  pages  of  history." 

He  lived  indeed,  not  for  us  alone,  but  for  all  nations.  Not- 
withstanding his  leading  agency  in  wresting  a  colonial  em- 
pire from  Great  Britain,  the  moral  sense  of  that  country  was 
not  slow  to  apprehend  the  grandeur  and  beauty  of  his  charac- 
ter. "  No  one  who  has  not  been  in  England"  (writes  Mr.  Ru- 
fus  King,  our  minister  to  that  country,  to  General  Hamilton 
in  1797)  "  can  have  a  just  idea  of  the  admiration  expressed 
among  all  parties  for  General  Washington.  It  is  a  common 
observation  that  he  is  not  only  the  most  illustrious,  but  the 
most  meritorious,  character  that  has  yet  appeared."*  Nor 
was  France,  notwithstanding  the  uneasy  relations  of  the  two 
countries  at  the  time  of  his  decease,  less  willing  to  do  justice 
to  his  memory.  When  the  news  of  his  death  reached  Paris, 
the  youthful  and  fortunate  soldier  who  had  already  reached 
the  summit  of  power,  by  paths  which  Washington  could 
never  have  trod,  commanded  the  highest  honors  to  be  paid 
to  him.  A  solemn  funeral  service  was  performed  in  the  In- 
valides,  in  the  presence  of  all  that  was  most  eminent  in  Paris. 
"  A  sorrowful  cry,"  said  Fontanes,  the  orator  chosen  by  Na- 
poleon for  the  occasion,  "has  reached  us  from  America,  which 
he  delivered.  It  belongs  to  France  to  yield  the  first  response 
to  the  lamentation  which  will  be  echoed  by  every  great  soul. 
These  august  arches  have  been  well  chosen  for  the  apotheo- 
sis of  a  hero."  f  Ah,  how  often  in  those  wild  scenes  of  her 
Revolution,  when  the  best  blood  of  France  was  shed  by  the 
remorselessness  of  ephemeral  tyrants,  who  chased  each  other, 
dagger  in  hand,  across  that  terrible  stage  of  crime  and  woe, 
during  the  reign  of  terror,  —  how  often  did  the  thoughts  of 
Lafayette  and  his  brethren  in  arms,  who  with  him  had  fought 
the  battles  of  constitutional  liberty  in  America,  call  up  the 
image  of  the  pure,  the  just,  the  humane,  the  unambitious 

*  Hamilton's  Works,  Vol.  VI.  p.  257. 

t  In  Bourrienne's  Memoirs,  a  work  which  must  be  read  with  great  cau- 
tion, the  entire  eulogy  of  Fontanes  is  given.  —  Tom.  III.  p.  365. 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  49 

Washington!  How  different  would  have  been  the  fate  of 
France,  if  her  victorious  chieftain,  when  he  had  reached  the 
dizzy  heights  of  power,  had  imitated  the  great  example  which 
he  eulogized !  He  might  have  saved  his  country  from  being 
crushed  by  the  leagued  hosts  of  Europe ;  he  might  have  pre- 
vented Moscow  and  Waterloo  from  being  written  in  letters 
of  blood  upon  the  page  of  history ;  he  might  have  escaped 
himself  the  sad  significance  of  those  memorable  words  of 
Fontanes,  on  the  occasion  to  which  I  have  alluded,  when  in 
the  presence  of  Napoleon  he  spoke  of  Washington  as  a  man 
who,  "  by  a  destiny  seldom  shared  by  those  who  change  the 
fate  of  empires,  died  in  peace  as  a  private  citizen  in  his  na- 
tive land,  where  he  had  held  the  first  rank,  and  which  he  had 
himself  made  free."  How  different  would  have  been  the  fate 
of  Spain,  of  Naples,  of  Greece,  of  Germany,  of  the  South 
American  Republics,  had  their  recent  revolutions  been  con- 
ducted by  men  like  Washington  and  his  associates ;  and  in 
the  momentous  movements  now  in  progress  (February,  1856), 
and  which  in  all  probability  will  in  the  course  of  thirty  years 
put  a  new  face  upon  many  parts  of  Europe,  how  gladly  will 
the  weary  and  stricken  nations  exchange  the  dazzling  quali- 
ties which  throw  an  ephemeral  lustre  around  the  names  of 
ambitious  heroes,  for  the  prudence,  wisdom,  probity,  and  dis- 
interestedness with  which  the  Father  of  his  Country  con- 
ducted the  American  Revolution  to  an  auspicious  result! 

But  to  us  citizens  of  America,  it  belongs  above  all  others 
to  show  respect  to  the  memory  of  Washington,  by  the  prac- 
tical deference  which  we  pay  to  those  sober  maxims  of  pub- 
lic policy  which  he  has  left  us,  —  a  last  testament  of  affection 
in  his  Farewell  Address.  Of  all  the  exhortations  which  it  con- 
tains, I  scarce  need  say  to  you  that  none  are  so  emphatically 
uttered,  none  so  anxiously  repeated,  as  those  which  enjoin 
the  preservation  of  the  Union  of  these  States.  On  this,  un- 
der Providence,  it  depends  in  the  judgment  of  Washington 
whether  the  people  of  America  shall  follow  the  Old  World 
example,  and  be  broken  up  into  a  group  of  independent  mil- 
itary powers,  wasted  by  eternal  border  wars,  feeding  the  am- 
bition of  petty  sovereigns  on  the  life-blood  of  wasted  prin- 

VOL.   iv.  4 


50  THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON. 

cipalities,  —  a  custom-house  on  the  bank  of  every  river,  a 
fortress  on  every  frontier  hill,  a  pirate  lurking  in  the  recesses 
of  every  bay,  —  or  whether  they  shall  continue  to  constitute 
a  confederate  republic,  the  most  extensive,  the  most  power- 
ful, the  most  prosperous  in  the  long  line  of  ages.  No  one 
can  read  the  Farewell  Address  without  feeling  that  this 
was  the  thought  and  this  the  care  which  lay  nearest  and 
heaviest  upon  that  noble  heart;  and  if — which  Heaven  for- 
bid—  the  day  shall  ever  arrive  when  his  parting  counsels  on 
that  head  shall  be  forgotten,  on  that  day,  come  it  soon  or 
come  it  late,  it  may  as  mournfully  as  truly  be  said,  that 
Washington  has  lived  in  vain.  Then  the  vessels  as  they 
ascend  and  descend  the  Potomac  may  toll  their  bells  with 
new  significance  as  they  pass  Mount  Vernon;  they  will  strike 
the  requiem  of  constitutional  liberty  for  us,  —  for  all  nations. 

But  it  cannot,  shall  not  be ;  this  great  woe  to  our  beloved 
country,  this  catastrophe  for  the  cause  of  national  freedom, 
this  grievous  calamity  for  the  whole  civilized  world,  it  cannot, 
shall  not  be.  No,  by  the  glorious  19th  of  April,  1775 ;  no,  by 
the  precious  blood  of  Bunker  Hill,  of  Princeton,  of  Saratoga, 
of  King's  Mountain,  of  Yorktown ;  no,  by  the  undying  spirit 
of  '76 ;  no,  by  the  sacred  dust  enshrined  at  Mount  Vernon ; 
no,  by  the  dear  immortal  memory  of  Washington,  —  that 
sorrow  and  shame  shall  never  be.  Sooner  let  the  days  of 
colonial  vassalage  return ;  rather  let  the  Frenchman  and  sav- 
age again  run  the  boundary  with  the  firebrand  and  scalping- 
knife,  from  the  St.  Lawrence  to  the  Mississippi,  than  that 
sister  States  should  be  arrayed  against  each  other,  or  broth- 
er's hands  be  imbrued  in  brother's  blood. 

A  great  and  venerated  character  like  that  of  Washington, 
which  commands  the  respect  of  an  entire  population,  how- 
ever divided  on  other  questions,  is  not  an  isolated  fact  in 
History  to  be  regarded  with  barren  admiration,  —  it  is  a  dis- 
pensation of  Providence  for  good.  It  was  well  said  by  Mr. 
Jefferson  in  1792,  writing  to  Washington  to  dissuade  him 
from  declining  a  renomination :  "  North  and  South  will  hang 
together  while  they  have  you  to  hang  to."  Washington  in 
the  flesh  is  taken  from  us ;  we  shall  never  behold  him  as  our 


THE    CHARACTER    OF    WASHINGTON.  51 

fathers  did ;  but  his  memory  remains,  and  I  say,  let  us  hang 
to  his  memory.  Let  us  make  a  national  festival  and  holiday 
of  his  birthday ;  and  ever,  as  the  22d  of  February  returns,  let 
us  remember,  that  while  with  these  solemn  and  joyous  rites 
of  observance  we  celebrate  the  great  anniversary,  our  fellow- 
citizens  on  the  Hudson,  on  the  Potomac,  from  the  Southern 
plains  to  the  Western  lakes,  are  engaged  in  the  same  offices 
of  gratitude  and  love.  Nor  we,  nor  they  alone,  —  beyond  the 
Ohio,  beyond  the  Mississippi,  along  that  stupendous  trail  of 
immigration  from  East  to  West,  which,  bursting  into  States 
as  it  moves  westward,  is  already  threading  the  Western 
prairies,  swarming  through  the  portals  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains and  winding  down  their  slopes,  the  name  and  the  mem- 
ory of  Washington  on  that  gracious  night  will  travel  with  the 
silver  queen  of  heaven  through  sixty  degrees  of  longitude, 
nor  part  company  with  her  till  she  walks  in  her  brightness 
through  the  golden  gate  of  California,  and  passes  serenely 
on  to  hold  midnight  court  with  her  Australian  stars.  There 
and  there  only,  in  barbarous  archipelagos,  as  yet  untrodden 
by  civilized  man,  the  name  of  Washington  is  unknown ;  and 
there,  too,  when  they  swarm  with  enlightened  millions,  new 
honors  shall  be  paid  with  ours  to  Ins  memory. 


CATTLE-SHOW  AT   SPRINGFIELD* 


Mr.  President,  Ladies,  and  Gentlemen:  — 

I  am  greatly  indebted  to  my  friend  Ashmun,  to  you,  sir,  and 
to  the  company  for  the  kind  manner  in  which  they  have  been 
pleased  to  receive  the  announcement  of  my  name  on  this 
occasion.  That  storm  to  which  he  alluded,  which  prevailed 
yesterday,  prevented  me  from  coming  here,  as  I  intended  to 
do,  a  day  earlier,  though,  as  the  effect  of  the  storm  was  to 
interfere  with  the  continuance  of  the  exhibition,  in  that  respect 
I  lost  nothing.  I  regret,  however,  that  I  have  only  had  the 
gratification  this  day  of  witnessing  the  very  interesting  exhi- 
bition and  exercises  of  the  race-ground.  I  do  not  pretend,  sir, 
to  be  a  connoisseur  in  those  exercises,  but  a  man  need  not  be 
that,  surely,  to  enjoy  the  spectacle  which  has  this  day  been 
presented  to  us.  If  he  has  any  taste  for  anything  animate  or 
inanimate,  surely  he  could  not  have  been  disappointed  to-day. 
Sir,  that  magnificent  river,  sparkling  beneath  the  beams  of  a 
September  sun ;  the  remnant  of  the  primitive  forest,  dating 
from  the  creation  of  the  world,  —  for  the  axe  never  fell  upon 
it,  the  plough  never  passed  through  it ;  that  gorgeous  circle  of 
hills,  Mount  Tom  standing  like  a  giant  sentinel  at  the  entrance 
to  the  scene  ;  then,  sir,  the  animated  spectacle,  —  fifteen,  twen- 
ty thousand  of  the  sons  and  daughters  of  the  land,  from  the  im- 
mediate neighborhood,  from  more  distant  parts  of  the  country, 
from  our  sister  States,  gathered  together  to  exchange  friendly 
congratulations,  to  enjoy  together  the  delightful  scene,  to 
witness  this  most  pleasing  spectacle,  all  without  disorder, 
without  confusion,  without  a  single  instance  of  excess,  so  far 

*  Address  at  the  banquet  of  the  Hampden  County  Agricultural  Society 
at  Springfield,  17th  September,  1858. 


CATTLE-SHOW    AT    SPRINGFIELD.  53 

as  my  observation  has  gone,  —  if  in  all  this  there  is  not  some- 
thing to  gratify  a  man's  taste,  whatever  it  may  be,  I  know 
not  where  on  this  fair  earth  he  could  go  to  be  gratified. 
Judge  Morris  gave  me,  an  hour  or  two  ago,  upon  the 
course-ground,  a  piece  of  your  local  history  with  which  I 
was  unacquainted.  "  Do  you  know,"  said  he,  "  what  this 
beautiful  meadow  was  originally  called  ?  '  Three-corner 
Meadow,'  because  it  was  granted,  at  the  very  dawn  of  the 
settlement  of  the  country,  to  William  Pynchon,  Jehu  Burr, 
and  Henry  Smith."  I  don't  think  it  entered  into  the  imagi- 
nation of  Jehu  Burr  that  such  a  set  of  Jehus  as  we  have 
witnessed  here  to-day  would  be  his  successors  on  that  beau- 
tiful field. 

Mr.  President,  you  surely  would  not  call  upon  me  for  any 
practical  suggestions  on  this  occasion,  though  I  do  confess  to 
cherishing  a  sincere  sympathy  in  the  object  and  in  the  exer- 
cises of  the  day.  I  have,  with  his  Excellency  the  Governor, 
always  regarded  the  horse  as  the  most  beautiful  of  the  subject- 
race  of  animals.  I  have  looked  upon  him  as  one  of  the  most 
useful,  the  most  intelligent,  of  those  humbler  associate  part- 
ners of  our  toils  ;  and,  tracing  the  history  of  our  race  from  the 
very  commencement,  I  do  believe  that  the  horse  is  entitled  to 
a  far  greater  share  of  the  credit  as  a  partner  in  the  concern 
than  an  unreflecting  mind  is  willing  to  allow.  Deduct  all 
that  has  been  achieved  directly  or  indirectly  by  the  aid  of  the 
horse,  in  the  way  of  conveyance  at  home  from  place  to  place, 
for  business  or  recreation  ;  of  distant  journeyings,  before  the 
power  of  steam  was  so  wonderfully  applied  to  the  purposes 
of  locomotion,  of  the  draught  of  heavy  burdens,  of  motive 
power  connected  with  machinery,  of  agriculture,  and  of  war, 
in  all  countries  and  of  all  ages,  —  deduct  all  that  has  been 
done  directly  or  indirectly  in  all  these  respects,  by  the  aid  of 
the  horse,  and  what  a  stupendous  abatement  you  would 
make  from  the  sum  total  of  achievement  and  progress!  Then, 
sir,  it  is  really  startling  to  reflect  on  the  degrees  of  sagacity, 
of  memory,  of  generous  emulation,  of  sensibility  to  kind  treat- 
ment, which  are  possessed  by  these  inferior  animals,  as  in 
our  pride  of  rational  nature  we  regard  them.     I  remember  to 


54  CATTLE-SHOW    AT     SPEINGFIELD. 

have  read,  not  very  long  ago,  an  authentic  account  of  a  charger, 
all  fire  and  nerve,  whom  the  sound  of  the  trumpet  stirred 
almost  to  madness,  whose  furious  impatience  to  rush  upon 
roaring  batteries  and  bristling  bayonets  could  hardly  be  re- 
strained by  the  most  powerful  rider,  who  would  yet  permit 
the  child  of  two  years  old,  who  had  strayed  accidentally  into 
the  stable,  to  sport  about  his  heels,  and  drag  a  little  rattling 
cart,  unmolested,  between  his  legs. 

Sir,  it  is  perplexing,  it  is  almost  painful,  to  consider  what 
high  degrees  of  intellectual  and  moral  power  are  evinced  by 
animals  whom  we  profanely  call  brute  beasts.  I  suppose  it 
was  a  reflection  on  these  noble  qualities  of  the  horse,  in- 
tellectual and  moral,  that  led  the  wittiest,  the  bitterest,  and,  I 
am  sorry  to  say,  the  filthiest  of  the  satirists  of  our  language,  (I 
mean  Dean  Swift,)  in  that  remarkable  romance  of  his,  —  one 
of  the  most  fascinating  as  well  as  the  most  revolting  of  books, 
—  to  represent  the  horse,  under  that  unpronounceable  name 
which  he  gives  him,  as  the  wiser,  the  more  sagacious,  the 
nobler  animal,  and  to  describe  the  human  race,  disgustingly 
caricatured  as  Yahoos,  as  an  inferior  order  of  beings.  I  don't 
know,  sir,  but  you  will  think  it  rather  beneath  the  dignity  of 
the  occasion  to  allude  to  such  a  book  as  Gulliver's  Travels, 
and  yet  it  does  contain,  among  many  most  instructive  re- 
marks, one  of  those  passages  into  which  the  wisdom  of  ages 
is  condensed  in  a  single  sentence,  and  which  is  more  often 
quoted,  at  least  a  part  of  it,  at  all  agricultural  and  rural  shows, 
than,  perhaps,  any  other  in  the  whole  compass  of  literature. 
"  The  man,"  says  the  King  of  Brobdingnag,  "  who  can  make 
two  ears  of  corn  or  two  blades  of  grass  to  grow  on  the 
spot  where  only  one  grew  before,  would  deserve  better  of 
mankind  and  render  a  more  essential  service  to  the  coun- 
try than  the  whole  race  of  politicians  put  together."  When 
this  passage  is  quoted  at  agricultural  meetings  by  patriotic 
candidates  for  office,  this  last  part  of  the  sentence  is  gener- 
ally omitted. 

The  noble  qualities  of  the  horse  seem,  indeed,  to  have  made 
an  impression  upon  the  most  brutalized  of  our  own  species. 
I  suppose  it  is  this,  if  it  were  worth  while  to  attempt  to  ac- 


CATTLE-SHOW    AT    SPRINGFIELD.  55 

count  for  the  whims  of  a  madman,  which  led  the  Emperor 
Caligula  to  erect  a  marble  stable  for  his  horse  Incitatus,  to 
provide  him  with  an  ivory  manger,  with  housings  of  imperial 
purple,  a  breastplate  studded  with  diamonds  and  pearls,  and 
then  to  elevate  him  to  the  dignity  of  the  consulship.  This 
seems,  to  be  sure,  a  mere  freak  of  madness,  and  yet  I  am 
inclined  to  think  that  at  that  time  it  was  a  better  choice  than 
could  have  been  made  out  of  the  venal  courtiers  and  factious 
praetorians  of  the  imperial  court.  I  have  no  doubt,  if  it  had 
been  put  to  the  vote  throughout  the  Roman  Empire,  then  co- 
extensive with  the  civilized  world,  they  would  have  decided 
that  they  had  a  better  consul  than  emperor.  Sir,  they  had 
been  too  familiar  with  the  rapacity  of  tyrants  not  to  be  pleased 
with  the  elevation  of  a  ruler  who  would  take  nothing  but 
oats  out  of  the  public  crib,  —  a  ruler  who,  while  the  reins 
were  with  him,  would  at  least  have  given  them  a  stable  admin- 
istration. 

I  hope,  sir,  with  the  Governor,  that  the  general  result  of 
these  exhibitions  will  be,  that,  while  they  tend  to  improve  the 
animal  himself,  they  will  also  have  the  effect  of  enlarging 
our  sympathies  toward  him,  and  thus,  in  the  final  result,  to 
secure  him  better  treatment.  There  is  too  much  room  for 
improvement  in  this  respect  in  all  parts  of  the  country.  I 
saw,  but  a  few  days  ago,  in  the  city  of  Boston,  a  brute  in 
human  form,  perched  upon  the  seat  of  his  wagon,  holding  his 
horse  with  a  careless  and  loose  rein, — going  at  a  smart  trot 
all  the  while,  —  allowing  him  to  go  down  on  his  knees  at  a 
sharp  corner  on  the  slippery  flagstone.  The  noble  animal  made 
aconvulsive  and  finally  successful  effort  to  recover  himself;  but 
he  had  hardly  risen  to  his  feet,  when  the  driver  leaped  from 
his  wagon  and  began,  for  what  was  his  own  fault,  to  apply 
the  handle  of  his  whip  to  the  head  and  the  inside  of  the  legs 
of  the  noble  beast,  and  could  scarcely  be  restrained  by  the 
indignant  remonstrance  of  the  by-standers.  I  trust,  sir,  that 
the  surprising  performances  of  Mr.  Rarey,  to  which  my  friend 
Ashmun  has  alluded,  may  be  the  means  of  diffusing  some 
useful  ideas  in  this  respect  throughout  the  community. 
Whether  there  is  yet  some  unexplained  means  of  influence 


56  CATTLE-SHOW    AT    SPRINGFIELD. 

in  the  possession  of  that  gentleman  not  shared  by  the  rest 
of  the  community  I  know  not ;  but  one  thing,  I  think,  sir,  is 
certain,  that  one  great  part  of  the  operation  consists  in  gain- 
ing the  affections  of  the  animal  by  gentle  approach  and  kind 
treatment.  For  this,  if  for  no  other  reason,  they  deserve  the 
greatest  credit  for  what  they  have  done  in  this  respsct,  al- 
though I  believe  they  are  not  the  first  who  have  succeeded 
by  this  same  treatment  in  subduing  the  wildness,  changing 
even  the  native  instincts,  of  what  are  commonly  regarded  as 
the  almost  untamable  animals.  I  often  saw  in  the  streets  of 
London  —  and  I  believe  the  same  thing  may  be  seen  at  Bar- 
num's  Museum  in  New  York,  —  what  was  called  "  The  Hap* 
py  Family,"  —  a  collection  of  animals,  in  a  large  wire  cage, 
most  hostile  in  their  nature,  —  cats  and  rats,  hawks  and  mice, 
owls  and  wrens,  living  together  in  these  close  quarters,  in  the 
utmost  harmony  and  friendship.  I  asked  the  showman  what 
was  the  secret  of  the  operation  by  which  he  brought  about 
those  astonishing  results.  He  told  me  it  was  persevering 
kindness.  He  did  not  say  in  what  particular  way  that  kind- 
ness was  to  be  manifested.  I  believe  that  part  of  it  consisted 
in  always  keeping  them  supplied  with  plenty  of  the  food  they 
were  most  fond  of,  —  but  it  was  persevering  kindness.  It  is 
true  that  my  experience  led  me  to  think  that  the  amicable 
relations  did  not  extend  in  the  same  degree  to  outsiders ;  for 
I  rather  inadvertently  put  my  finger  through  the  bars  of  the 
cage,  when  a  large  rat  sprang  at  it  with  such  rapidity  that  I 
drew  it  back  a  good  deal  quicker  than  I  put  it  in.  I  assure 
you  my  bosom  was  overflowing  with  kindness  toward  every 
member  of  that  "  happy  family,"  not  excepting  the  rat ;  but 
after  such  demonstration  on  his  part,  I  did  not  think  it  expe- 
dient to  persevere. 

I  have  sometimes,  sir,  been  led  to  moralize  upon  that  trivial 
spectacle,  as  on  the  success  of  the  extraordinary  experiments 
of  the  Messrs.  Rarey,  and  to  ask  myself  whether  we  may  not 
derive  from  them  a  lesson  which  may  be  of  advantage  to  us 
in  our  treatment  of  our  fellow-men.  The  best  of  books  says, 
"  Go  to  the  ant,  thou  sluggard  ;  consider  her  ways  and  be 
wise."     Sir,  may  we  not  go  to  the  fractious  and  ungoverna- 


CATTLE-SHOW    AT    SPRINGFIELD.  57 

ble  horse,  whose  nature  has  been  changed  by  these  gentlemen, 
and  learn  how  to  treat  our  fellow-men  ?  Is  the  nature  of 
man,  sir,  this  "lord  of  the  creation,"  —  is  the  nature  of  man 
so  much  more  obdurate  than  that  of  the  wild  zebra  and  un- 
tamed horse,  that  what  changes  their  instincts,  and  makes 
them  gentle  and  quiet,  would  be  all  lost  upon  us  ?  I  do  not 
believe  it.  The  Messrs.  Rarey  tell  us  that  it  is  not  strong 
perfumes,  it  is  not  powerful  drugs.  No,  sir,  it  is  that  ineffable 
charm,  that  never-to-be-described  influence,  of  a  soft  approach, 
kind  words,  gentle  treatment.  This,  this,  sir,  is  the  true  horse- 
castor,  this  is  the  genuine  oil  of  rhodium,  that  enables  the 
softened  brute  to  read  a  reproachful  lesson  to  rational  hu- 
manity. Persevering  kindness,  sir ;  let  us  try  it.  Let  us  see 
whether  it  is  not  like  those  delicious  sweetmeats  that  used  to 
come  from  the  tropics  when  I  was  a  boy.  You  have  seen 
them,  sir,  —  the  pretty  white  paper  boxes,  ornamented  with 
filigree,  and  all  around  was  the  inscription,  "  Good  for  sick 
people,  but  will  not  materially  injure  those  who  are  well." 
Sir,  what  if  it  should  turn  out  that  this  kind,  gentle  treatment, 
which  is  good  for  cats  and  dogs,  for  zebras  and  horses,  would 
have  an  equally  salutary  effect  upon  human  beings  ?  What 
if  it  should  turn  out  that,  good  for  horses,  it  would  not  ma- 
terially injure  fellow-men  and  fellow- Christians  ?  Might  we 
not,  sir,  be  more  likely  to  agree  with  each  other,  and  be  hap- 
pier when  we  disagree,  if,  instead  of  exhausting  the  vocabu- 
lary of  detraction  and  abuse  upon  those  who  differ  from  us, 
we  should  approach  them  with  language  of  good-will  and 
kind  feeling  ? 

However  this  may  be,  sir,  if  there  is  any  one  who  doubts 
that  the  horse  —  the  animal  that  most  concerns  us  on  this 
occasion  —  is  susceptible  of  the  kindest  feelings  of  our  nature, 
I  think  he  would  be  convinced  of  his  error  by  a  most  inter- 
esting anecdote  of  Edmund  Burke.  In  the  decline  of  Mr. 
Burke's  life,  when  he  was  living  in  retirement  on  his  farm  at 
Beaconsfield,  the  rumor  went  up  to  London  that  he  had  gone 
mad ;  and  the  fact  that  was  stated  in  support  of  this  rumor 
was,  that  he  went  round  his  park  kissing  his  cows  and  horses. 
A  friend,  a  man  of  rank  and  influence,  hearing  this  story,  and 


58  CATTLE-SHOW    AT    SPRINGFIELD. 

deeming  it  of  too  much  importance  to  be  left  uncorrected, 
hastened  down  to  Beaconsfield,  and  sought  an  interview,  with 
the  view  of  ascertaining  the  truth  of  the  rumor.  He  entered 
into  conversation  with  him.  Mr.  Burke  read  to  him  some  chap- 
ters from  his  "  Letters  on  a  Regicide  Peace."  His  friend  im- 
mediately saw,  that  though  the  earthly  tenement  was  verging 
back  to  its  native  dust,  the  lamp  of  reason  and  genius  shone 
with  undiminished  lustre  within.  He  was  accordingly  more 
than  satisfied  as  to  the  object  of  his  coming  down,  a^id  in  a 
private  interview  with  Mrs.  Burke  told  her  what  he  had  come 
for,  and  received  from  her  this  pathetic  explanation. 

Mr.  Burke's  only  child,  a  beloved  son,  had  not  long  before 
died,  leaving  behind  him  a  favorite  old  horse,  the  companion 
of  his  excursions  of  business  and  pleasure,  when  both  were 
young  and  vigorous.  This  favorite  animal  was  turned  out 
by  Mr.  Burke  the  father  into  the  park,  with  directions  to  all 
his  servants  that  he  should  in  every  respect  be  treated  as  a 
privileged  favorite.  Mr.  Burke  himself,  of  course,  in  his  morn- 
ing walks,  would  often  stop  to  caress  the  favorite  animal. 
On  one  occasion,  as  he  was  taking  his  morning  walk  through 
the  park,  he  perceived  the  poor  old  animal  at  a  distance,  and 
noticed  in  turn  that  he  was  recognized  by  him.  The  horse 
drew  nearer  and  nearer  to  Mr.  Burke,  stopped,  eyed  him  with 
a  most  pleading  look  of  recognition,  which  said,  as  plainly  as 
words  could  have  said,  "  I  have  lost  him  too  "  ;  and  then  the 
poor  dumb  beast  deliberately  laid  his  head  upon  Mr.  Burke's 
bosom !  Struck  by  the  singularity  of  the  occurrence,  moved 
by  the  recollection  of  his  son,  whom  he  had  never  ceased  to 
mourn  with  a  grief  that  would  not  be  comforted,  overwhelmed 
by  the  tenderness  of  the  animal,  expressed  in  the  mute  elo- 
quence of  holy  Nature's  universal  language,  the  illustrious 
statesman  for  a  moment  lost  his  self-possession,  and,  clasping 
his  arms  around  the  neck  of  his  son's  favorite  animal,  lifted 
up  that  voice,  which  had  filled  the  arches  of  Westminster 
Hall  with  the  noblest  strains  that  ever  echoed  within  them, 
and  wept  aloud ! 

This  was  seen,  and  was  heard  by  the  passers  by ;  and  the 
enemies  of  Burke,  unappeased  by  his  advancing  years,  by  his 


CATTLE-SHOW    AT    SPRINGFIELD.  59 

failing  health,  by  his  domestic  sorrows,  made  it  the  ground  of 
a  charge  of  insanity.  "  Burke  had  gone  mad."  But,  sir,  so 
help  me  Heaven,  if  I  were  called  upon  to  designate  the  event 
or  the  period  in  Burke's  life  that  would  best  sustain  a  charge 
of  insanity,  it  would  not  be  when,  in  a  gush  of  the  holiest  and 
purest  feeling  that  ever  stirred  the  human  heart,  he  wept  aloud 
on  the  neck  of  his  dead  son's  favorite  horse,  but  it  would 
rather  be  when,  at  the  meridian  of  his  fame,  when  the  orb  of 
his  imperial  genius  rode  highest  in  the  heavens,  amidst  the 
scoffs  of  cringing  courtiers,  and  the  sneers  of  trading  patriots, 
he  abased  his  glorious  powers  to  the  scramblings  and  squab- 
blings  of  the  day,  and, 

"  Born  for  the  universe,  narrowed  his  mind, 
And  to  party  gave  up  what  was  meant  for  mankind." 

Mr.  President,  Ladies,  and  Gentlemen,  I  have  only  to  re- 
new my  acknowledgments  for  the  kindness  with  which  you 
have  been  pleased  to  receive  me,  and  to  express  my  best 
wishes  for  the  continued  success  of  your  most  useful  and 
patriotic  undertaking. 


THE  NEW  YORK  STATE  INEBRIATE  ASYLUM  * 


Mr.  President,  Fellow-Citizens  :  — 

If  my  worthy  friend  and  host,  who  has  just  taken  his  seat, 
(Hon.  Daniel  S.  Dickinson,)  were  capable  of  doing  anything 
unkind  or  unfair,  I  should  think  he  had  been  guilty  of  it  on 
the  present  occasion,  in  requiring  me  to  place  my  poor,  unpre- 
meditated remarks  in  direct  contrast  with  the  mature  thoughts 
and  finished  discussions  and  eloquent  sentiments  which  have 
held  your  attention,  instructed  your  minds,  and  warmed  your 
hearts  on  this  interesting  occasion.  In  fact,  Mr.  President, 
I  almost  think  that,  under  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  I  am 
hardly  amenable  to  your  jurisdiction,  that  I  ought  to  be 
looked  upon,  not  as  a  volunteer,  but  as  one  impressed  into 
the  service.  It  reminds  me,  sir,  of  the  pretensions  of  a  for- 
eign power  (if  you  will  not  think  me  going  out  of  the  way 
for  a  comparison),  in  years  long  past,  when  the  whole  civ- 
ilized world,  except  our  own  country,  was  involved  in  war, 
claiming  the  rights  of  belligerents,  and  we  the .  only  neutral. 
That  foreign  power,  sir,  did  n't  claim  the  right  to  enter  our 
neutral  vessels  for  the  sake  of  impressing  our  seamen  into 
their  service,  but  if,  in  the  exercise  of  the  belligerent's  right 
of  searching  neutrals  for  contraband  goods,  they  encountered 
the  king's  subjects,  or  those  they  chose  to  consider  such,  they 
claimed  the  right  to  impress  them.  Now,  sir,  I  have  come 
here,  as  you  know,  on  a  very  different  errand  ;  you  have 
caught  me  on  the  platform,  and  you  have  impressed  me.  It 
was,  I  own,  with  some  little  misgiving  that  I  found  myself — • 
retired  as  I  am  entirely  from  public  life  —  stepping  upon  the 

*  Remarks  at  the  laying  of  the  corner-stone  of  the  State  Inebriate  Asylum 
at  Binghamton,  New  York,  24th  September,  1858. 


NEW  YORK  STATE  INEBRIATE  ASYLUM.      61 

Binghamton  platform.  But  inasmuch,  sir,  as  I  saw  my 
friend,  who  has  so  kindly  presented  me  to  this  audience,  ex- 
amining the  platform  rather  carefully,  looking  at  it  from  above 
and  beneath,  to  see  if  it  were  safe,  I  thought  if  he  might  ven- 
ture, I  might ;  and  that  a  platform  which  could  hold  him  and 
you,  sir,  and  Doctor  Francis,  and  Doctor  Bellows,  Mr.  Street, 
and  all  whom  I  see  around  me,  of  all  sects  and  all  parties, 
though  not  very  compact  in  its  appearance,  was  strong  enough 
to  hold  me. 

Sir,  to  speak  more  seriously,  I  should  be  ashamed  of  my- 
self if  it  required  any  premeditation,  any  forethought,  to  pour 
out  the  simple  and  honest  effusions  of  the  heart  on  an  occa- 
sion so  interesting  as  this.  A  good  occasion,  sir  ;  a  good 
day,  notwithstanding  its  commencement.  I  have  heard  from 
one  friend  and  another  this  morning  —  kind  enough  to  pay 
his  respects  to  me,  knowing  on  what  errand  I  had  come  — 
that  he  was  sorry  that  we  had  n't  a  good  day.  It  was,  it  is 
true,  raining  in  the  morning.  But  it  is  a  good  day,  notwith- 
standing the  rain.  The  weather  is  good  ;  all  weather  is  good  ; 
sunshine  is  good ;  rain  is  good.  Not  good  weather,  sir  ? 
Ask  the  farmer,  into  whose  grains  and  roots  there  yet  remains 
some  of  its  moisture  to  be  driven  by  to-morrow's  sun  ;  ask 
the  boatman,  who  is  waiting  for  his  raft  to  go  over  the  rapids ; 
ask  the  dairyman  and  grazier,  if  the  rain,  even  at  this  sea- 
son, is  not  good.  Ask  the  lover  of  nature,  if  it  is  not  good 
weather  when  it  rains.  Sir,  one  may  see  in  Europe  artificial 
water-works,  cascades  constructed  by  the  skill  of  man  at 
enormous  expense,  —  at  Chatsworth,  at  Hesse- Cassel,  and  the 
remains  of  the  magnificent  water-works  at  Marly,  where 
Louis  XIV.  lavished  uncounted  millions  of  gold,  and  thus, 
according  to  some  writers,  commenced  those  dilapidations  of 
the  treasury  which  brought  on  the  French  Revolution.  The 
traveller  thinks  it  a  great  thing  to  see  these  artificial  water- 
works, where  a  little  water  is  pumped  up  by  creaking  ma- 
chinery, or  a  panting  steam-engine,  to  be  scattered  in  frothy 
spray  ;  and  do  we  talk  of  its  not  being  a  good  day,  when 
God's  great  engine  is  exhibiting  to  us  his  imperial  water- 
works, sending  up  the  mists  and  vapors  to  the  clouds,  to  be 


62      NEW  YORK  STATE  INEBRIATE  ASYLUM. 

rained  down  again  in  comfort  and  beauty  and  plenty  upon 
grateful  and  thirsty  man  ?  Sir,  as  a  mere  gratification  of  the 
taste,  I  know  nothing  in  nature  more  sublime,  more  beauti- 
ful, than  these  genial  rains,  descending  in  abundance  and 
salubrity  from  the  skies. 

It  is  a  good  day,  sir,  be  the  weather  what  it  may,  for  it  is 
consecrated  to  a  good  work.  You  are  taking  the  first  step  in 
a  great  enterprise  of  mercy  and  humanity.  Sir,  the  duty 
which  society  owes  to  the  interesting  class  for  whose  relief 
this  institution  is  founded  is  one  of  the  most  important  and 
the  most  delicate  which  it  has  to  perform.  If  there  were  any 
doubts  before,  they  would  have  been  removed  by  the  eloquent 
discourses  we  have  just  heard.  What  society  ought  to  do, 
what  it  can  attempt  hopefully,  is  a  question  not  yet  perhaps 
satisfactorily  solved,  as  far  as  concerns  the  great  authoritative 
expression  of  the  will  and  the  power  of  the  community  in  the 
form  of  law.  How  far,  and  in  what  way,  the  law  of  the 
land  can  be  applied  to  remedy  and  mitigate  the  tremendous 
evils  of  intemperance,  is  a  question  not  yet  perhaps  satisfac- 
torily solved. 

But  we  have  come  here,  sir,  brought  together  by  no  law 
that  creates  any  divisions  of  opinion,  —  the  law  of  love,  — 
where  we  are  all  magistrates  and  all  subjects.  In  obedience 
to  the  dictates  of  that  law,  sir,  we  have  come  together.  You 
have  come  together,  friends  and  fellow-citizens,  to  take  the 
first  step  in  founding  an  institution  which  is  to  furnish  a  home 
for  the  homeless,  a  refuge  from  the  world,  that  visits  its  own 
faults  with  such  severity  upon  the  frail  and  suffering  of  our 
race,  —  a  kindly  refuge,  where  they  will  be  received  in  the 
hour  of  their  extremity,  and  welcomed  with  all  the  comforts 
which  their  condition  admits  and  demands;  and  especially, 
sir,  where  they  will  be  removed  from  temptation. 

Removed  from  temptation !  Sir,  during  those  interesting 
ceremonies  which  we  have  witnessed  at  the  laying  of  the  cor- 
ner-stone, when  the  most  sublime  of  petitions  from  the  wisest 
and  best  of  Masters  was  repeated  by  those  hundreds  and 
thousands  that  stood  with  uncovered  heads  to  witness  their 
performance,  I  was  struck,  with  a  force  which  I  own  I  have 


NEW  YORK  STATE  INEBRIATE  ASYLUM       63 

never  felt  before,  with  the  sequence  of  the  ideas.  "  Lead  us 
not  into  temptation,"  —  that  comes  before  deliverance  from 
evil.  "  Lead  us  not  into  temptation."  Sir,  a  great  moral 
poet  has  said, 

"  Vice  is  a  monster  of  such  hideous  mien, 
That  to  be  hated  needs  but  to  be  seen." 

That  is  the  evil  from  which  we  pray  to  be  delivered.  It  is 
the  hideous  monster, 

"  That  to  be  hated  needs  but  to  be  seen." 

But  it  is  not  so  with  temptation.  Temptation  is  not  a 
hideous  monster.  It  too  often  comes  in  a  lovely  form,  clothed 
with  grace  and  beauty,  decked  with  garlands,  speaking  with 
a  silver  voice,  and  calling  to  us  when  we  are  off  our  guard. 
That  is  what  we  first  need  to  pray  to  be  protected  from. 
Evil,  that  hideous  monster :  few  persons  who  have  enjoyed 
the  ordinary  advantages  of  an  education  in  this  part  of  the 
world,  few  persons  that  have  anything  that  can  be  called  a 
virtuous  home,  are  in  great  danger  of  being  led  astray  by  this 
hideous  monster,  when  it  stands  before  them  in  all  its  native 
deformity.  But  who  is  safe  from  the  Circaean  voice  of  Temp- 
tation ? 

Mr.  President,  the  reverend  and  eloquent  gentleman  who 
preceded  me  has  said,  with  great  justice,  that  you  were  not 
only  laying  the  foundation  of  an  asylum  for  this  State,  but,  if 
it  succeeds,  you  have  laid  this  day  a  corner-stone  for  a  similar 
asylum  in  every  State  of  this  Union,  in  every  kingdom  of 
Europe.  Has  n't  it  been  so  with  all  great  improvements  that 
may  be  classed  with  this  ?  Was  n't  it  so  with  prison  disci- 
pline ?  There  is  not  in  all  the  civilized  world,  except  Naples 
(if  you  include  Naples  in  the  civilized  world),  a  place  where 
the  old  abuses  in  prison  discipline  exist.  The  humane  treat- 
ment is  everywhere  imitated  and  adopted.  So  it  is,  sir,  with 
asylums  for  the  insane.  The  old  system  of  coercion  and 
cruelty  is  done  away  with,  not  in  New  York,  in  Philadelphia, 
and  in  Boston  alone,  but  throughout  the  civilized  world. 

So  it  will  be,  sir,  with  the  Asylum  for  the  Inebriate.  Let 
these  first  steps  result  successfully ;  let  these  walls  go  up ;  let 


64      NEW  YORK  STATE  INEBRIATE  ASYLUM. 

the  poor  victims  of  inebriety  be  gathered  there  ;  let  the  kind 
treatment,  medical  counsel,  and  employment  for  the  mind 
and  for  the  time  produce  the  effects,  which  I  have  n't  the 
slightest  doubt  they  will  produce ;  and,  as  I  have  said  before, 
as  fast  as  they  can  be  erected,  you  will  have  a  similar  institu- 
tion in  every  civilized  country  in  the  world.  Yes,  sir ;  bring 
these  unhappy  inebriates  there,  protect  them  from  temptation, 
occupy  their  time,  amuse  their  thoughts,  surround  them  with 
rational  pleasures ;  above  all,  sir,  let  the  delightful  influences 
of  the  beautiful  nature  that  here  surrounds  us  have  their  due 
effect  upon  them ;  let  them  learn  to  worship  the  Common 
Father  in  this  glorious  temple,  of  which  these  surrounding 
hills  are  the  pillars,  and  this  glorious  concave  the  vaulted 
arch,  —  and  believe  me,  many  years  will  not  pass  away  before 
it  will  appear  that  what  you  have  just  done  for  your  own 
community,  you  have  done  for  the  civilized  world. 


AGRICULTURAL  SOCIETY  AT  DANVERS.* 


Mr.  President,  Ladies,  and  Gentlemen,  Fellow-Citt- 
zens : — 
I  am  greatly  indebted  to  you  for  the  most  kind  and  hos- 
pitable manner  in  which  you  have  welcomed  the  announce- 
ment of  my  name.  It  would  not  be  easy  for  me  to  do  justice 
to  the  feelings  which  I  experience  at  this  moment,  when  ris- 
ing, after  such  a  reception,  to  address  you.  You  have  truly 
stated,  sir,  that  twenty-two  years  have  now  elapsed  since  I  had 
the  pleasure  of  meeting  my  fellow-citizens  of  the  county  of 
Essex  on  an  occasion  like  this,  in  this  place.  Twenty-two 
years,  sir,  —  a  very  considerable  portion  of  the  life  of  man.  It  is 
not  without  emotion  that  I  have  looked  around  the  grounds, 
that  I  look  around  these  tables,  and  behold  so  few  of  those  pres- 
ent this  day  who  tendered  me  a  cordial  and  hospitable  wel- 
come on  that  occasion.  I  miss  many  a  respected,  many  an 
honored  person  that  I  would  gladly  have  met  to-day.  Above 
all,  sir,  I  call  to  mind  that  venerated  patriot,  Gideon  Foster, 
whose  presence  on  that  occasion  gave  it  so  much  of  its  dig- 
nity and  of  its  interest;  whose  venerable  form  seemed  to  be 
a  connecting  link  that  united  this  generation  with  the  fathers 
of  the  Revolution.  Sir,  he  has  passed  away,  and  with  him 
have  passed  away  many  younger  than  he  indeed,  but  who 
then  stood  in  the  front  rank  of  active  life.  I  believe  I  should 
speak  the  truth  if  I  should  say,  that,  of  those  gathered  togeth- 
er on  that  occasion,  more  are  resting  beneath  the  sod  of  the 
village  churchyard  than  are  alive  to  meet  us  to-day.  But, 
sir,  though  they  have  gone,  though  men  pass  away,  their 

*  Remarks  made  at  the  dinner  of  the  Essex  Agricultural   Society  at 
Danvers,  30th  September,  1858. 
VOL.    IV.  5 


66  AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS. 

labors,  the  fruit  of  their  labors,  remains.  The  work  of  man, 
—  the  work  of  his  hands,  of  his  mind,  his  work  in  the  field, 
in  the  factory,  on  the  shore,  on  the  sea ;  his  intellectual  work,  the 
word  fitly  spoken,  the  written  page,  and,  above  all,  the  virtuous 
deed,  —  in  every  department  of  life,  these  make  the  man,  and 
these  remain.  It  is  not  the  corporeal  frame,  it  is  not  the  vital 
action ;  it  is  the  work  of  the  intellectual  and  immortal  prin- 
ciple within.  The  individual  has  passed  away ;  the  good  men 
are  gone,  but  the  fruit  of  what  they  counselled  and  what 
they  thought  and  what  they  did  remains  with  us;  and  if,  sir, 
I  am  inclined  on  this  occasion  to  yield  to  some  melancholy 
feelings  in  looking  around  and  missing  so  many  that  I  would 
gladly  have  met  here,  I  would  rather  rejoice,  —  I  console  my- 
self, that  the  memories  and  the  influence  of  the  good  men 
remain. 

Sir,  the  ranks  are  not  only  filled  up,  but  are  wonderfully 
recruited.  Comparing  the  year  1858  with  the  year  1836, 
when  I  had  the  honor  of  meeting  my  fellow-citizens  of  Essex 
County  at  this  place,  —  comparing  these  two  years  together, 
we  shall  make  out  the  picture  of  a  progress  not  easy  to  be 
paralleled  in  any  other  country,  or  in  any  similar  period  in 
the  history  of  the  world.  I  might,  perhaps,  with  pertinence, 
apply  this  remark  to  the  progress  of  agriculture  ;  and  did 
intend,  my  friends,  to  say  a  few  words  on  that  subject;  but 
the  worthy  gentleman  on  my  right  (Dr.  Loring),  who  has 
entertained  and  instructed  us  in  another  place,  and  your  ex- 
cellent President,  who  has  just  spoken  to  you  in  such  a  prac- 
tical manner  on  several  interesting  agricultural  topics,  make 
it  superfluous  for  me  to  say  anything  on  that  subject.  I 
will  rather,  sir,  following  the  train  of  reflection  which  you 
have  suggested  to  me,  in  recalling  my  former  visit  to  this 
place,  attempt,  in  some  other  respects,  to  point  out  the 
progress  made  by  the  country  in  these  two-and-twenty  years. 

In  the  first  place,  in  the  mere  point  of  population.  Have 
you  considered,  sir,  that  in  these  twenty-two  years  the  pop- 
ulation of  these  United  States  has  nearly  doubled?  Have 
you  reflected  upon  the  significance  of  the  facts  contained  in 
these  few  words  ?     The  population  has  nearly  doubled.     An- 


AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS.  67 

other  America  has  sprung  into  existence,  not  only  to  take 
the  place  of  those  who  have  passed  from  the  scene,  but  to 
add  more  than  ten  millions  to  the  aggregate.  Sir,  I  under- 
state these  figures.  The  population  in  1840  —  according  to 
the  census  of  that  year,  which  was  the  first  census  after  my 
first  visit  to  this  place  —  amounted,  in  round  numbers,  to  sev- 
enteen millions.  In  1850  the  population,  in  round  numbers, 
amounted  to  twenty-three  millions  ;  and  in  1860,  by  the  best 
estimates  which  we  can  make,  it  will  be  little  if  anything 
less  than  thirty  millions.  Three  millions  of  these  may  be 
taken  as  emigrants,  to  whom  our  vast  domain  has  furnished  a 
refuge  from  the  destitutions  and  oppressions  of  Europe ;  and 
the  other  ten  millions  are  natives  of  the  soil,  bone  of  our 
bone,  flesh  of  our  flesh,  fellow-citizens,  brethren.  Ten  mil- 
lions of  brethren  added  to  the  population!  Mr.  President, 
what  achievements  of  diplomacy  or  war,  what  conquests  of 
hostile  provinces,  what  annexations  of  foreign  islands,  can  be 
compared  to  ten  millions  of  fellow-citizens,  natives  of  the  soil, 
added  to  the  population, — three  times  as  many  as  the  whole 
population  of  America  on  that  morning  when  Gideon  Foster 
went  with  the  men  of  Danvers  to  Lexington  and  Concord. 

Then,  sir,  the  great  interests  of  social  life  that  concern  you 
farmers  as  much  as  they  do  the  navigator  or  the  merchant 
or  the  man  of  any  profession,  —  railroad  communication,  for 
example.  Why,  sir,  in  1836  the  communications  of  this 
State  westward  did  not  extend  beyond  Worcester.  I  attended 
the  opening  of  the  railroad  from  Worcester  to  Springfield  in 
1839,  and  it  must  have  been  two  or  three  years  later  that  the 
communication  was  carried  still  farther  forward  to  Albany. 
I  suppose  that  at  the  time  of  my  former  visit  to  this  place, 
under  the  auspices  of  the  Essex  Agricultural  Society,  there 
could  not  have  been  fifteen  hundred  miles  of  railroad  in  the 
whole  United  States  ;  and  now  there  are  twenty-six  thousand 
miles  of  such  communication.  I  know  that  many  of  these 
enterprises,  considered  as  investments  of  property,  have  proved 
disastrous  to  those  engaged  in  them ;  but  what  vast  results 
to  all  the  industrial  classes  of  the  community  have  accrued, 
often  from  the  most  unprofitable  of  those  enterprises ! 


68  AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS. 

Then,  sir,  another  great  phenomenon  of  those  two-and- 
twenty  years,  —  the  navigation  of  the  ocean  by  steam,  — 
wholly  the  growth  of  the  period  has  intervened  since  I  last 
had  the  honor  of  addressing  my  fellow-citizens  of  Essex 
County  at  Danvers.  I  find  much  matter  for  sober  reflection 
when  I  contemplate  the  history  of  this  navigation  of  the 
ocean  by  steam.  It  seems  to  me  to  illustrate  in  the  most 
striking  manner  the  slow  steps  by  which  a  great  improvement 
moves  forward  for  generations,  for  ages,  from  the  first  germ, 
and  then,  when  the  hour  has  come,  the  rapidity  with  which 
it  rushes  to  its  final  consummation.  Sir,  Providence  offered 
this  great  problem  of  navigating  the  ocean  by  steam  to 
almost  every  civilized  nation  on  the  globe.  As  long  ago  as 
the  year  1543  there  was  a  sea-captain  in  Spain  who  con- 
structed a  steam  vessel,  and  in  the  presence  of  the  Emperor 
Charles  the  Fifth,  in  the  harbor  of  Barcelona,  exhibited  a 
vessel  of  two  hundred  tons,  propelled  by  an  engine,  the  con- 
struction of  which  was  kept  a  secret.  According  to  docu- 
ments describing  the  occurrence,  which  are  preserved  in  the 
archives  of  Simancas,  it  was  a  monster  cauldron  or  boi-er  of 
water,  and  there  were  two  movable  wheels  on  the  outside 
of  the  vessel.  The  Emperor  was  satisfied  with  its  operation, 
but  the  treasurer  of  the  kingdom  made  great  objections  to 
its  introduction.  The  engine  seems  at  once  to  have  reached 
a  point  beyond  which,  in  some  respects,  it  has  not  been 
carried  at  the  present  day.  "  It  was  very  complicated,  very 
expensive,  and  the  boiler  was  very  apt  to  explode."  No 
encouragement  was  given  to  the  enterprise.  Spain  was  not 
ripe  for  it.  The  age  was  not  ripe  for  it.  The  unfortunate 
contriver,  Biasco  de  Garay,  wearied  and  disgusted  with  the 
want  of  patronage,  took  the  engine  out  of  the  vessel,  allowed 
the  ship  to  rot  in  the  arsenal,  and  the  secret  of  the  machine 
was  buried  in  his  grave.     This  was  the  result  in  1543. 

A  century  passes  away,  and  Providence  offers  the  same 
problem  to  be  solved  by  France ;  and  in  reference  to  this  we 
have  a  most  extraordinary  account  from  a  source  equally  ex- 
traordinary, —  a  celebrated  female  in  the  middle  of  that  cen- 
tury, equally  renowned  for  her  beauty,  for  her  immoralities, 


AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS.  69 

for  her  misfortunes,  and  for  her  longevity,  —  for  she  is  stated 
by  some  writers  to  have  lived  to  be  one  hundred  and  thirty- 
four  years  of  age,  —  Marion  de  Lorme.  We  have  all  read 
of  her  in  the  modern  French  writings  of  fiction.  There  is  a 
letter  written  by  this  lady  to  one  of  her  admirers  in  1641 
which  contains  these  most  astonishing  details.  She  is  giving 
an  account  of  a  visit  with  the  Marquis  of  Worcester,  the 
English  nobleman  so  well  known  in  the  history  of  invention, 
to  the  Bicetre,  the  famous  madhouse  in  Paris.  She  was 
crossing  the  court-yard  of  that  dismal  establishment,  almost 
petrified,  she  says,  with  terror,  clinging  to  her  companion  for 
safety,  when  she  saw  a  frightful  face  through  the  bars  of  the 
building,  and  heard  a  voice,  crying :  "  I  am  not  mad  !  I  am 
not  mad !  I  have  made  a  discovery  which  will  enrich  the  king- 
dom that  shall  adopt  it."  She  asked  her  guide  what  the  man 
meant.  He  shrugged  his  shoulders  and  laughed  and  said : 
"  O,  not  much ;  it  is  something  about  the  powers  of  steam." 
Upon  this  the  lady  laughed  also,  —  that  a  man  should  go  mad 
upon  such  a  frivolous  subject  as  that ;  and  the  guide  went  on 
to  tell  her  that  this  poor  Solomon  de  Caus  came  from  Nor- 
mandy four  years  before,  to  exhibit  to  the  King  an  invention  by 
which,  by  the  power  of  steam,  you  could  move  a  carriage, 
you  could  navigate  the  ocean  ;  in  short,  if  you  could  believe 
him,  said  the  keeper,  there  was  nothing  that  you  could  not  do 
by  the  power  of  steam.  Well,  now,  Mr.  President,  what  fol- 
lowed upon  this  ?  Cardinal  Richelieu,  who  was  France  em- 
bodied, wielding  the  whole  power  of  the  kingdom,  and  was 
in  truth  a  most  sagacious  and  enlightened  man,  as  worldly 
wisdom  goes,  —  the  Cardinal  would  not  hear  a  word  from  the 
projector,  and  turned  his  back  upon  him.  Solomon  de  Caus 
was  a  persevering  man,  and  followed  Cardinal  Richelieu  from 
place  to  place,  exhibiting  his  drawings  ;  and  the  Cardinal  get- 
ting tired  of  him,  sent  him  to  the  madhouse.  There  he  was, 
and  there  he. was  seen.  The  guide  went  on  to  say  that  his 
mind  is  so  full  of  the  subject  that  he  has  written  a  book,  and, 
said  he,  "  Here  is  a  copy  of  it,  called  Moving  Powers."  The 
Marquis  of  Worcester  was  very  much  struck  with  the  appear- 
ance of  De  Caus  and  was  much  interested  with  the  book,  and 


70  AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS. 

incorporated  some  portions  of  it  in  his  celebrated  work,  "  The 
Century  of  Inventions." 

But  you  see  in  this 'recital  how  France  proved  herself  in 
1651,  as  Spain  had  proved  herself  in  1543,  unable  to  take  up 
and  wield  this  mortal  thunderbolt.  No,  sir ;  the  problem  of 
navigating  the  ocean  by  steam  was  reserved  for  the  Anglo- 
Saxon,  and  from  the  time  of  which  I  am  now  speaking  some 
of  the  best  mechanical  skill  of  England  was  turned  towards 
the  subject  of  the  motive  power  of  steam.  Experiment  after 
experiment  was  made,  sometimes  with  no  success  and  some- 
times with  partial  success,  till  some  time  after  the  middle  of 
the  last  century.  So  late  as  that,  and  though  the  germs  of 
the  invention  had  been  floating  about  in  the  minds  of  in- 
genious men  for  more  than  two  hundred  years,  the  steam- 
engine,  —  mark  you,  I  do  not  now  say  the  navigation  of  the 
ocean  by  steam,  —  the  steam-engine,  that  scarcely  inanimate 
Titan,  that  living,  burning  mechanism,  was  brought  nearly  to 
its  perfection  by  James  Watt.  James  Watt  took  out  his 
patent  in  1769,  that  great  year  in  which  Wellington  and  Na- 
poleon were  born  ;  and  ages  after  the  names  of  Austerlitz  and 
Waterloo  shall  perish  from  the  memory  of  man,  the  myriad 
hosts  of  intelligent  labor,  marshalled  by  the  fiery  champions 
that  James  Watt  has  placed  in  the  field,  shall  gain  their 
bloodless  triumphs,  not  for  the  destruction  but  the  service  of 
mankind.  All  hail,  then,  I  say,  to  the  mute,  indefatigable 
giant !  In  the  depths  of  darksome  mines,  along  the  pathways 
of  travel  and  of  trade,  and  on  the  mountain  wave,  drag,  urge, 
heave,  toil,  for  the  service  of  man !  No  fatigue  shall  palsy  thy 
Herculean  arm.  No  trampled  hosts  shall  writhe  beneath 
thine  iron  feet.  No  widow's  heart  shall  pay  bleeding  tribute 
for  thy  beneficent  victories. 

Sir,  England  invented  the  steam-engine,  but  it  seemed  as 
if,  by  the  will  of  Providence,  she  could  not  go  any  further  in 
its  application.  Queen  of  the  seas,  as  she  deemed  herself, 
she  could  not  apply  this  invention,  which  she  had  brought 
almost  to  perfection,  to  the  navigation  of  the  ocean.  That 
part  of  the  problem  was  reserved  for  the  other  branch  of  the 
Anglo-Saxon  race,  —  the  branch  situated  in  a  region  —  this 


AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS.  <1 

Western  hemisphere  —  whose  territory  is  traversed  by  some 
of  the  noblest  rivers  that  belt  the  surface  of  the  globe,  and  is 
separated  by  the  world-wide  ocean  from  the  Eastern  hemi- 
sphere. It  is  amazing,  sir,  to  consider  how,  with  the  dawn  of 
the  Revolution,  the  thoughts  of  men  in  this  country  were 
turned  to  the  application  of  steam  to  navigation.  Rumsey, 
Fitch,  Evans,  at  that  early  period,  made  their  experiments. 
One  of  them  attracted  the  notice  of  him  whom  nothing  es- 
caped that  belonged  to  the  welfare  of  his  country,  —  I  mean 
Washington  ;  and  we  have  a  certificate  from  him,  expressing 
the  satisfaction  with  which  he  had  witnessed  the  experiments 
of  Rumsey.  But  for  a  time  they  proved  unsuccessful,  and  I 
have  thought  it  almost  a  providential  appointment  that  the 
ocean  was  not  navigated  by  steam  in  the  Revolutionary  age. 
I  have  sometimes  thought  the  enormous  preponderance  of 
British  capital  and  of  British  mechanical  skill  at  that  time, 
if  the  ocean  had  been  navigated  by  steam,  would  have  put 
into  her  possession  facilities  for  blockading  our  ports  and 
transporting  armies  to  our  coasts  which  might  have  had  a 
disastrous  effect  upon  the  result  of  the  whole  contest.  . 

At  the  close  of  the  Revolution,  and  on  the  establishment  of 
a  settled  order  of  things  in  independent  America,  it  plainly 
appeared  that  the  hour  had  come  and  the  man  was  there.  In 
the  year  1799  the  thought  had  become  matured  in  the  mind 
of  Fulton.  He  had  found  a  liberal  and  enlightened  coadjutor 
in  Chancellor  Livingston,  and  in  that  year,  1799,  they  came 
to  the  Legislature  of  New  York  for  an  act  of  incorporation. 
1  am  sorry  to  say  that  America  at  that  moment  could  not 
boast  of  much  keener  perception  of  the  nature  of  this  great 
discovery  than  France  and  Spain  had  done  before  her.  Chan- 
cellor Livingston  tells  us,  that  after  he  had  thrown  his  peti- 
tion into  the  Legislature,  and  the  act  which  they  desired  to 
be  passed  was  drafted,  the  young  men  in  the  assembly,  when 
tired  with  the  "  graver  matters  of  the  law,"  used  to  call  up 
the  Steam  Bill,  that  they  might  have  a  little  fun  out  of  it. 
Young  America  on  that  occasion  did  not  show  himself  so 
much  wiser  than  his  seniors.  But,  nothing  daunted,  nothing 
discouraged  by  the  coldness  with  which  the  project  was  re- 


72  AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS. 

ceived,  nothing  discouraged  with  the  imperfect  successes  of 
the  first  experiments,  they  persevered ;  and  twenty  years  had 
not  passed  away  before  steamers  were  found  upon  our  sounds, 
upon  our  lakes,  upon  our  great  rivers,  and  at  the  time  when 
such  a  thing  was  known  only  by  hearsay  in  Europe.  This 
application  of  steam  "was  all  that  was  of  immediate  pressing 
necessity  in  this  country ;  and  twenty  years  more  passed  be- 
fore English  capital  was  applied  to  the  navigation  of  the 
ocean,  —  that  part  of  its  application  in  which  England  was  so 
much  interested,  as  giving  her  access  to  the  commercial  stores 
of  the  Western  world. 

I  could  not,  when  the  news  of  the  laying  of  the  Atlantic 
telegraph  reached  us,  but  reflect  what  would  have  been  the 
emotions  of  Fulton  and  of  Franklin,  if  they  could  have  stood 
upon  the  quarter-deck  of  the  Niagara,  as  she  was  lashed  to 
the  Agamemnon,  and  seen  the  commencement  of  that  electric 
communication  which,  in  the  results  of  their  joint  discoveries, 
had  bound  the  two  worlds  together ! 

Now,  sir,  to  go  back  to  the  point  from  which  I  started. 
This  great  development  of  steam,  its  application  to  the  navi- 
gation of  the  ocean,  has  taken  place  since  I  had  the  honor, 
twenty-two  years  ago,  of  meeting  my  fellow-citizens  of  Essex 
County  at  this  place.  There  are  some  other  thoughts  to  which 
I  should  like  to  allude,  if  the  time  were  not  passing  so  rapidly 
away.  There  is  the  electric  telegraph  itself,  which  was  known 
but  as  a  theory  twenty-two  years  ago.  It  now  pervades, 
not  only  every  portion  of  our  own  territory,  but  of  the  civil- 
ized world.  And  may  we  not  refer,  sir,  with  satisfaction  to 
the  part  that  has  been  taken  —  in  this  brightest,  this  most 
wonderful  application  of  the  forces  of  material  nature  to  the 
purposes  of  intellectual  communication  —  by  such  men  as 
Franklin,  as  Morse,  as  Field,  and,  may  I  not  add,  that  modest 
engineer,  whose  name  I  have  the  honor  to  bear,  whose  prac- 
tical skill  has  been  so  conspicuous  in  the  details  of  the  op- 
eration ? 

I  might,  sir,  to  come  nearer  home,  —  I  might  speak  of 
other  things  in  which  vast  progress  has  been  made  in  these 
twenty-two  years  in  our  immediate  Commonwealth  and  com- 


AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS.  73 

munity.  There  is  the  great  subject  of  education.  In  1836, 
the  year  that  I  had  the  honor  to  visit  this  place  before,  the 
Board  of  Education  of  Massachusetts  was  established,  —  a 
measure  in  which  I  had  some  humble  co-operation.  I  need 
not  tell  you,  my  friends,  for  many  of  you  have  personal 
knowledge,  how  the  standard  of  education  has  been  elevated 
and  every  department  of  it  improved  through  the  operations 
of  the  Board  and  its  intelligent  secretaries. 

I  might  speak,  sir,  of  the  progress  of  agriculture,  but 
that  topic  has  been  too  ably  treated  by  my  friend  on  the 
right  to  make  it  necessary  to  enter  into  detail,  were  I  other- 
wise able  to  do  it.  I  may,  however,  remind  you  that  a  citi- 
zen of  Essex  was  employed,  on  my  own  recommendation,  to 
make  that  survey  of  the  agriculture  in  the  different  counties 
which  has  been  the  means  of  diffusing  so  much  valuable  in- 
formation. (I  allude  to  Mr.  Colman.)  But,  sir,  all  is  not 
done.  There  is  a  great  deal  of  work  remaining.  There  is 
no  danger  that  we  shall  anticipate  posterity.  We  shall  leave 
enough  for  them  to  do.  We  are  human,  sir.  There  are 
defects  in  our  social  system  that  require  to  be  supplied. 
There  are  evils  that  need  to  be  cured,  and  there  are  exist- 
ing beneficent  institutions  that  are  capable  of  being  carried 
much  further.  There  is  time  enough  for  all  these  purposes 
and  work  enough  to  fill  it.  The  time  of  individual  man  is 
limited.  He  has  but  a  span,  but  the  years  of  Providence  are 
endless.  I  scarce  know,  sir,  that  I  ought,  in  connection  with 
this  serious  sentiment,  to  refer  to  the  light  catch  which  we 
used  to  hear  in  our  youthful  days.  I  was  young  once,  sir. 
I  remember  something  like  this  :  — 

"  A  time  twice  as  long  as  the  siege  of  old  Troy, 
To  win  a  fair  maid  I  my  time  did  employ. 
But  still  as  I  pressed  her  the  day  for  to  set, 
She  constantly  answered,  '  There  's  time  enough  yet.' " 

Now,  sir,  I  don't  go  in  for  that.  I  think  that  in  some 
things  you  may  wait  a  little  too  long;  and  if  she  cared  any- 
thing about  him,  she  ought  not  to  have  made  him  wait 
twenty  years.  But,  sir,  there  is  time  enough  yet  to  make 
your   schools   far   better  than  they  are   now;  there  is  time 


74  AGRICULTURAL    SOCIETY    AT    DANVERS. 

enough  to  improve  your  farming ;  there  is  time  enough  to 
improve  your  legislation ;  there  is  time  enough  to  make  most 
important  progress  in  all  those  great  desirable  objects  of  life 
for  which  the  societies  of  men  are  brought  and  kept  together. 
The  generation  that  has  passed  away,  as  I  think  you  per- 
ceive from  the  slight  sketch  that  I  have  attempted,  has  not 
wholly  neglected  its  duty ;  and  let  us  hope  that  those  that 
come  after  will  be  equally  faithful  in  their  day  and  genera- 
tion. 

I  thank  you,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  for  the  kind  attention 
you  have  given  me,  and  I  desire  to  tender  to  each  and  every 
one  of  you  my  most  heartfelt  wishes  for  your  health  and 
happiness. 


MINOT'S  LEDGE  LIGHT-HOUSE* 


Mr.  Mayor,  Captain  Alexander,  Fellow-Citizens  :  — 

I  am  greatly  indebted  to  you  for  this  kind  reception,  and  I 
esteem  it  a  piece  of  good  fortune  to  have  been  permitted  by 
his  Honor  the  .Mayor  to  be  present  on  an  occasion  so  inter- 
esting and  important.  The  Mayor,  however,  is  fully  aware, 
that  I  have  not  come  with  any  formal  speech,  fit  to  follow  the 
gentlemen  whose  carefully  prepared  and  eloquent  addresses 
have  furnished  so  much  pleasure  and  instruction  to  the  com- 
pany. I  can  only  offer  you  the  unstudied  assurance  of  my 
cordial  sympathy;  and  that  in  a  few  words.  The  hour  is 
speeding;  the  great  eclipsing  light  of  the  heaven,  after  illu- 
minating this  hemisphere,  has  already  sunk  behind  those 
western  hills.  His  parting  smile  lingers  upon  them,  but  he 
has  gone  to  kindle  another  portion  of  his  circuit  into  life  and 
light,  while  the  dusky  shadows  of  evening  steal  over  us. 

We  have  had  a  pleasant  though  somewhat  "  promiscuous  " 
day,  and  I  for  one,  Mr.  Mayor,  am  not  sorry  to  stand  again  on 
terra  firma.  I  thought  for  a  while,  when  you  had  us  down 
in  the  outer  harbor,  that  you  had  been  learning  a  lesson  from 
the  sinking  of  the  Atlantic  telegraph  ;  that  as  they  had  laid 
that  at  the  bottom  of  the  sea,  you  were  for  laying  the  corner- 
stone of  your  light-house  below  low-water  mark.  However 
greatly  approving  the  enterprise,  I  must  own  myself  too 
much  of  a  landsman  to  have  co-operated  very  efficiently  in 
the  undertaking ;  and  I  rather  inferred  from  the  grave  looks 
and  long  faces  of  several  of  our  friends,  that  I  was  not  alone 
in  that  disability.     But  we  are  once  more  on  good  firm  land, 

*  Remarks  at  the  laying  of  the  corner-stone  of  the  light-house  on  Minot's 
Ledge,  2d  October,  1858. 


76  MINOT'S    LEDGE    LIGHT-HOUSE. 

and  I  think  that  most  of  us  feel  the  better  for  the  change  of 
element. 

We  have  come,  sir,  to  express  our  interest  in  a  great  pub- 
lic work.  Well  do  I  remember  that  dreadful  night,  the  16th 
of  April,  1851,  when  a  furious  storm  swept  along  the  coast 
of  New  England,  by  which  houses  were  unroofed,  steeples 
toppled  down,  and  vessels  driven  on  shore.  In  the  course 
of  that  tremendous  night  the  light-house  on  Minot's  Ledge 
disappeared  ;  it  was  last  seen  at  half  past  three  o'clock  in  the 
afternoon,  and  between  that  hour  and  daylight  the  following 
morning  the  ocean,  driven  in  by  the  furious  tempest,  had 
heaved  the  light-house  from  the  nine  iron  pillars  on  which  it 
rested,  and  which  it  twisted  like  osiers,  had  dashed  it  in  frag- 
ments on  the  rocks,  and  with  it  the  two  brave  men  who,  in 
that  awful  hour,  stood  firmly  at  their  posts.  We  have  come 
now,  sir,  to  repair  the  desolations  of  that  hour,  and  to  lay  the 
corner-stone  of  a  structure  destined,  by  that  Divine  blessing 
which  has  been  so  fervently  invoked  by  the  reverend  Chaplain, 
to  resist  the  utmost  violence  of  the  winds  and  the  waves. 

It  is  a  point  second  to  no  other  on  our  coast,  both  for  the 
amount  of  the  commerce  which  passes  it,  North  and  South, 
to  its  destined  markets,  and  for  the  perils  which  here  await 
the  mariner.  If  Minot's  Ledge  could  keep  a  Minot's  ledger, 
in  which  the  value  of  every  cargo  that  passes  it  in  either 
direction  could  be  entered,  and  in  which,  on  another  page, 
could  be  recorded  the  fearful  apprehensions  and  heart-broken 
lamentations  of  anxious  and  bereaved  mothers,  wives,  sisters, 
and  daughters,  sorrowing  for  the  delay  of  the  loved  ones, 
destined  many  of  them  never  to  return,  it  would  furnish  an 
illustration  of  the  importance  of  a  light-house  on  these 
mournfully  notorious  rocks,  which  would  need  no  comment 
of  mine. 

It  is  a  work  of  interest  for  other  reasons,  to  which  you,  sir 
(Captain  Alexander),  have  so  pertinently  alluded.  We  are 
assembled  here  to-day,  not  as  citizens  of  Massachusetts,  but 
as  citizens  of  the  United  States.  The  light-house  is  for  the 
more  immediate  benefit  of  the  commerce  of  Massachusetts, 
but  the  expense  is  borne  by  the  general  government.     The 


MINOT'S    LEDGE    LIGHT -HOUSE.  77 

appropriations  for  its  construction  have  been  passed  by  the 
concurrent  votes  of  representatives  from  the  remotest  parts 
of  the  Union.  As  the  light-houses  off  Cape  Hatteras,  on  the 
Florida  reef,  and  at  the  mouths  of  the  Mississippi  have  been 
erected  by  the  votes  of  your  representatives,  and  proportiona- 
bly  by  the  resources  which  you  have  furnished  to  the  common 
treasury,  so  the  noble  and  expensive  structure  whose  corner- 
stone is  now  laid  will  be  built  with  the  concurrence  and  aid 
of  your  fellow-citizens  who  inhabit  portions  of  the  Union 
which  the  sun  does  not  reach  the  same  hour  that  he  shines 
on  you.  In  fact,  it  was  primarily  for  the  commerce  of  the 
country,  and  all  the  works  and  measures  requisite  for  its 
growth  and  protection,  that  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States  was  framed,  and  the  present  government  established. 

But  you  are  not  alone  promoting  the  interest  of  our  own 
vast  country,  in  erecting  this  noble  structure.  As  has  been 
well  stated  by  the  gentleman  who  has  preceded  me,  it  is  for 
the  common  benefit  of  the  nations.  The  light  which  you 
kindle,  you  kindle  not  to  guide  your  own  vessels  alone.  The 
vessels  of  the  friendly  provinces  on  the  north,  from  which  we 
are  happy  to  see  a  most  respectable  gentleman  present  on 
this  occasion  (Hon.  Joseph  Howe  of  Halifax),  and  the  ves- 
sels of  the  neighboring  republic  on  the  south,  whose  late 
President  (General  Comonfort)  also  honors  us  with  his  pres- 
ence, will  equally  share  the  benefit.  Nay,  sir,  it  will  extend  to 
the  remotest  regions  of  the  civilized  world,  from  which  a  ship 
shall  go  forth  to  navigate  our  waters. 

But  I  must  not  detain  you,  Mr.  Mayor  and  gentlemen,  at 
this  late  hour.  Let  me  close  by  responding  to  the  patriotic 
sentiment  of  Captain  Alexander.  As  the  costly  and  impor- 
tant structure  whose  erection  he  has  so  auspiciously  com- 
menced has  been  founded  and  carried  on  under  the  auspices 
of  the  government  of  the  Union,  let  it  prove  a  symbol  of 
that  Union's  duration  and  solidity.  Owing  so  much  of  our 
prosperity  to  it,  let  us  warmly  cherish  and  support  it.  Let 
us  remember  that  in  the  event  of  its  rupture, — which  Heav- 
en in  its  mercy  avert !  —  the  protecting  power  which  now 
spreads  its  aegis  over  us,  East  and  West,  North  and  South, 


78  MINOT'S    LEDGE    LIGHT-HOUSE. 

will  be  forever  gone ;  and  as  you  have  told  us,  sir,  that  the 
solid  foundations  of  the  structure  you  are  rearing  are  linked 
and  bolted  together  with  dovetailed  blocks  of  granite  and 
bars  of  galvanized  iron,  so  as  never  to  be  moved,  so  may  the 
sister  States  of  the  Union  be  forever  bound  together  by  the 
stronger  ties  of  common  language,  kindred  blood,  and  mu- 
tual affection. 


EULOGY   ON   THOMAS  DOWSE* 


Mr.    President   and    Gentlemen    of   the    Massachusetts 
Historical  Society:  — 

We  are  assembled  this  evening  to  pay  a  long-deferred  debt 
of  duty  and  gratitude  to  the  memory  of  our  greatest  benefac- 
tor. At  the  time  of  the  ever-memorable  announcement  of 
the  donation  of  his  library  on  the  5th  of  August,  1856,  we 
expressed  our  thankfulness  in  becoming  resolutions  of  ac- 
knowledgment. When,  a  few  months  afterwards,  he  was 
taken  from  us,  we  followed  him  to  his  last  resting-place  with 
unaffected  demonstrations  of  sorrow  and  respect.  When  his 
magnificent  library  was,  after  his  decease,  transferred  to  the 
possession  of  the  Society,  and  opened  for  consultation  and 
use,  we  took  an  appropriate  public  notice  of  the  interesting 
and  important  occasion  ;  and  we  have  now  come  together  to 
unite  in  one  more  demonstration  of  respect,  and  one  more  act 
of  grateful  acknowledgment.  We  have  come  to  gather  up 
the  recollections  of  the  diligent,  modest,  unambitious,  but  in 
many  respects  important  and  memorable,  life  ;  to  trace  the 
strongly  marked  traits  of  a  character  which,  in  an  humble 
sphere  of  action,  wrought  out  so  much  solid  good,  and  appro- 
priated to  itself  so  much  of  the  refinement  and  culture  of  the 
more  favored  pursuits  ;  to  do  justice  to  those  pure  tastes,  re- 
fined sympathies,  and  high  aspirations  which,  beneath  the 
burden  of  uncongenial  circumstances,  seemed  hardly  to  do 
justice  to  themselves ;  in  a  word,  to  characterize  a  represent- 
ative man,  unconsciously  such  on  his  own  part,  and  during 
his  life  inadequately  recognized  by  his  contemporaries. 

*  Pronounced  before  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society,  9th  December, 
1858.     See  Vol.  III.,  addresses  on  pp.  417,  477. 


80  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

The  events  of  Mr.  Dowse's  life  were  few  and  simple,  of  no 
great  interest  in  themselves,  and  important  only  as  furnishing 
the  basis  and  cohesion  of  that  quiet  action,  by  which  he 
carried  on  the  even  and  beautiful  tenor  of  his  existence.  He 
was  born  in  the  lower  walks  of  society  ;  one  might  almost 
say,  the  lowest  of  those  removed  from  actual  dependence 
and  penury.  He  enjoyed  scarcely  the  humblest  advantages 
of  education  ;  and  was  placed  in  no  position  to  give  promise 
of  future  eminence,  had  he  been  designed  and  endowed  by 
Providence  for  an  eminent  career.  He  was  not  favorably 
situated  in  early  life  to  engage  in  any  of  the  pursuits  by 
which  men  attract  notice  and  earn  reputation  :  but  he  early 
entered  on  a  course  of  manual  labor  not  well  adapted  to  stimu- 
late the  mental  powers ;  a  career  which  might  be  successful, 
but  which  in  scarce  any  possible  event  could  lead  to  distinc- 
tion. Hugh  Miller,  a  stone-mason  in  the  old  red  sandstone 
quarries  of  Cromarty,  George  Stephenson  in  the  depths  of 
the  coal-mines  at  Black  Callerton,  may  seem  to  be  placed  on 
the  lowest  round  of  the  ladder  of  advancement ;  but  it  was 
one  which  led  by  a  regular,  though  at  first  arduous,  ascent  to 
the  heights  of  fame.  The  young  leather-dresser's  apprentice 
could,  however  successful,  scarcely  grow  up  to  be  anything 
but  a  respectable  master-workman.  His  humble  industry, 
pursued  under  the  livelong  disadvantage  of  a  serious  bodily 
infirmity,  was  crowned  with  success.  The  diligence,  energy, 
and  intelligence  with  which  he  carried  on  his  laborious  call- 
ing, resulted  in  the  accumulation  of  a  handsome  property  ;  of 
which,  from  an  early  period,  he  began  to  employ  a  liberal 
share,  not  in  the  ordinary  luxuries  of  building,  equipage,  and 
domestic  establishment,  but  in  the  gratification  of  a  taste  for 
books,  for  art,  and  for  Nature  in  her  simpler  beauties,  and 
genial,  home-bred  relations.  As  his  fortune  continued  to 
grow,  instead  of  struggling  to  rise  in  social  position  or  in- 
creased importance  in  the  eyes  of  the  community,  he  availed 
himself  of  his  ample  means  only  to  redeem  added  hours  from 
manual  labor,  in  order  to  devote  them  to  reading.  Late  in 
life,  he  rose,  not  to  the  places  which  a  vulgar  ambition  covets 
but  cannot  fill,  but  from  his  work-bench  to  his  study-table. 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  81 

The  shop-windows  were  still  open  beneath  his  library,  though 
the  work  was  carried  on  by  others  in  his  employ.  The  de- 
cently carved  lamb  still  stood  upon  its  lofty  pillar  before  his 
door,  symbolizing  his  quiet  nature,  while  it  advertised  his 
humble  trade,  for  years  after  the  growing  infirmities  of  age 
had  obliged  him  to  leave  hard  work  to  younger  hands.  Ad- 
vancing years  stole  upon  him,  and  still  found  him  occupied 
with  an  instructive  book  ;  turning  a  costly  volume  of  engrav- 
ings, of  the  beauty  of  which  he  had  a  keen  perception  ;  con- 
templating with  never-cloyed  zest  the  valuable  collection  of 
copies  in  water-colors  of  the  ancient  masters,  the  acquisition 
of  which  formed  what  may  be  called  the  fortunate  accident 
of  his  life  ;  strolling  among  his  flower-beds,  listening  to  the 
hum  of  his  bees,  whom  he  would  not  allow  to  be  robbed  of 
their  honey  ;  superintending  the  planting  of  his  shrubbery, 
and  pruning  his  trees.  Under  still-increasing  infirmities,  he 
reaches,  he  passes,  the  accepted  term  of  human  life ;  and  the 
sobered  thoughts  which  suit  its  decline  take  more  exclusive 
possession  of  his  mind.  He  begins  to  make  frequent  visits  to 
Mount  Auburn,  in  preparation  for  that  visit  on  which  we  bore 
him  company,  from  which  there  is  no  return.  Humble  me- 
chanic, owing  all  the  solace  of  his  lonely  existence  to  the  suc- 
cess with  which  he  had  been  able  to  ennoble  manual  labor 
by  intellectual  culture,  he  thinks  it  no  presumption,  toward 
the  close  of  his  life,  and  when  no  selfish  motive  of  attracting 
worldly  applause  could  by  possibility  be  ascribed  to  the  act, 
to  raise  at  Mount  Auburn  a  simple  and  solid  shaft  in  honor 
of  his  brother-mechanic,  —  the  immortal  printer ;  he  digs  his 
own  sepulchre  at  the  foot  of  the  monument  thus  piously 
erected  to  the  memory  of  Franklin  ;  bestows  his  precious  li- 
brary, the  fruit  of  all  his  labors,  the  scene  of  most  of  his  en- 
joyments, the  concentrated  essence,  so  to  say,  of  his  existence, 
on  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society ;  at  their  request, 
yields  his  placid  and  venerable  features  for  the  first  time  to 
the  pencil  of  the  artist ;  and  sinks  to  rest. 

Such  was  our  benefactor,  whose  biography  I  have  substan- 
tially exhausted  in  this  prelusive  sketch.  He  was  the  seventh 
of  the  eight  children  of  Eleazer  and   Mehitable  Dowse ;  and 

VOL.  iv.  6 


82  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

was  born  at  Charlestown,  in  Massachusetts,  on  the  28th  of 
December,  1772.  His  father  was  a  leather-dresser,  and  owned 
a  wooden  house  and  a  large  lot  of  land  nearly  opposite  to 
the  spot  where  the  church  of  our  respected  associate,  the  Rev. 
Dr.  Ellis,  now  stands.  I  do  not  suppose  that  it  would  elevate 
Thomas  Dowse  in  the  estimation  of  any  judicious  person  to 
be  able  to  say  of  him,  that  he  belonged  to  what  is  called  a 
distinguished  family ;  on  the  contrary,  it  would  rob  him  of 
much  of  his  merit  as  a  self-made  man  to  trace  his  fondness 
for  books,  and  his  aptitude  for  intellectual  and  artistic  culture, 
either  to  hereditary  tastes  or  patrimonial  advantages  of  edu- 
cation. Still,  however,  I  have  never  known  a  person  whose 
self-reliance  was  of  so  austere  a  cast,  that  he  did  not  take 
pleasure,  when  it  was  in  his  power  to  do  so,  in  tracing  his 
descent  from  an  honored  line.  It  may,  therefore,  be  proper 
to  state,  that,  though  the  parents  of  Mr.  Dowse  occupied  an 
untitled  position  at  a  time  when  titles  were  a  trifle  less 
shadowy  than  at  the  present  day,  one  of  his  family,  Jona- 
than Dowse,  is  mentioned  in  a  land-conveyance  in  Middlesex 
County,  in  1732,  with  the  title  of  "  Honorable."  Honorable 
Jonathans  are  more  plentiful  now  than  then  ;  and  I  suppose, 
that,  in  the  first  third  of  the  eighteenth  century,  that  designa- 
tion was  confined  to  members  of  the  Executive  Council,  or 
persons  in  high  judicial  station,  and  entitled  the  individual 
decorated  with  it  to  the  decent  adornments  of  a  scarlet  cloak, 
white  wig,  and'  three-cornered  hat.  In  what  capacity  Jona- 
than Dowse  was  complimented  with  this  distinguished  title, 
—  distinguished  at  that  time  ;  now  rather  conferring  distinc- 
tion on  the  principle  that  Cassius  and  Brutus  were  distin- 
guished at  the  funeral  of  Junia,  —  I  am  uninformed. 

If  it  were  possible  to  penetrate  to  the  remote  and  occult 
sources  of  temperament  and  character  as  developed  in  after 
life,  some  sensible  effect  would  no  doubt  be  traceable  to  the 
influence  of  stirring,  anxious,  and  disastrous  times  upon  the 
tenderest  years  of  infancy.  Vague  but  abiding  impressions 
are  probably  made  upon  the  imagination  long  before  the 
reasoning  faculties  begin  to  act ;  and,  if  the  influence  is  one 
which  pervades  the  whole  community,  the  effect  will  be  seen 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  83 

in  the  character  of  the  age.     It  is,  I  suppose,  in  this  way  that 
we  are  to  explain  the  appearance  of  vigorous,  high-toned,  and 
resolute  generations  of  men  in  critical  and  decisive  periods, 
when  great  interests  are  at  stake,  and  mighty  energies  are  in 
action.     The  year  1772,  in  which  Thomas  Dowse  was  born, 
was  one  of  the  most  important  of  the  momentous  years  that 
preceded  the  Revolution.     The  mind  of  the  entire  community 
was  in  a  state  of  intense  excitement,  fermenting  toward  the 
crisis.     The  domestic  circle  of  his  father's  house  was  darkened 
by  the  death,  in  that  one  year,  of  three  children.     The  public 
crisis  at  length  came  on ;  and  his  parents  fled  from  the  flames 
of  their  humble  dwelling  in  Charlestown  on  the  ever-memor- 
able 17th  of  June,  1775  :  he,  a  child  of  two  and  a  half  years 
of  age,  too  young,  of  course,  for  a  distinct  remembrance  of 
the  event  in  after-times ;  old  enough  to  have  retained  dark 
and    solemn   though   indistinct   impressions  of  the    anxious 
haste,   the  energetic  trepidation,  the   sorrowful   parting,  the 
bitter  and  the  tender  emotions,  which  must  pervade  a  quiet 
home,  surrendered   all   at  once  to  the  worst  horrors  of  war. 
The  nurses  in  Normandy  still  awe  their  restless  children  by 
the  ominous  chant  of  Malbrook,  —  a  name  of  terror  through- 
out the  cottages  of  France  a  century  and  a  half  ago,  of  which 
the  force  is  not  yet  expended.     Dr.  Samuel  Johnson,  at  the 
same  age  with  Mr.  Dowse  when  his  parents  fled  from  Charles- 
town,  was  taken  to  London  to  be  touched  for  the  king's  evil 
by  Queen  Anne,  and  retained  through  life  "  a  sort  of  solemn 
recollection  of  a  lady  in  diamonds,  with  a  long  black  hood," 
—  a  spectral  image   which  no   doubt  fed  his   constitutional 
melancholy.     There  was  a  shade  of  severity  in  Mr.  Dowse's 
manner  which  may  have   had  its  origin   in   the  impressions 
produced  upon  the  child's  mind  by  the  sorrowful  and  indig- 
nant hegira  from  the  flaming  streets  of   Charlestown ;  kept 
alive,  as  those  impressions  would  necessarily  be,  by  the  more 
distinct  recollections  of  the  members  of  his  family  older  than 
himself. 

The  family,  fleeing  from  the  ashes  of  their  humble  dwell- 
ing, retreated  first  for  a  short  time  to  Holliston,  and  then  to 
Sherborn,  in  Middlesex  County,  where  it  had  been  originally 


84  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

established  ;  and  here  Thomas  grew  up  till  he  became  of  age. 
It  was  far  from  being  a  time  of  prosperity.  The  burden  of 
the  Revolution,  and  of  the  unsettled  times  that  succeeded  it, 
fell  heavy  upon  the  land.  Eleazer  Dowse  recommenced  the 
business  of  a  leather-dresser  at  Sherborn  ;  but  it  was  much 
if  it  yielded  a  frugal  support  to  his  family.  One  incident 
only,  as  far  as  I  am  aware,  has  been  remembered  of  the 
childhood  of  Thomas ;  and  it  was  one  of  two  accidents,  as 
they  are  called,  the  one  disastrous,  the  other  fortunate,  which 
exercised  an  important  influence  over  his  tastes  and  occupa- 
tions. The  misfortune  took  place  when  he  was  six  years  old. 
It  was  a  fall  from  an  apple-tree,  succeeded  by  a  rheumatic 
fever,  which  ended  in  an  incurable  lameness,  with  frequently 
recurring  periods  of  acute  suffering  throughout  his  life.  Judg- 
ing him  from  his  appearance  at  the  meridian  of  his  days, 
"when,  notwithstanding  his  lameness,  he  stood  full  six  feet 
in  height,  —  I  think  rather  more,  —  with  a  frame  by  nature 
evidently  of  an  athletic  cast ;  retaining  even  to  the  last,  as 
we  see  in  Wight's  excellent  portrait,  distinct  traces  of  a 
countenance  once  symmetrical  and  comely,  —  it  is  not  diffi- 
cult to  suppose,  that  as  the  thoughtful  child  compared  him- 
self with  his  nimble  comrades  in  boyhood,  or  as  he  grew  in 
years  with  his  strenuous  companions  in  later  life,  something 
of  the  bitterness  of  feeling  which  clouded  Byron's  spirit  may 
have  stolen  over  him,  and  given  a  sombre  tinge  to  his  habit- 
ual meditations.  At  all  events,  as  I  knew  him,  he  was  a 
taciturn,  lonely,  self-reliant  man,  drawing  solitary  enjoyment 
from  the  deep  cold  wells  of  reading  and  thought. 

It  is  probable,  that  during  the  first  confinement,  caused  by 
the  painful  accident,  and  the  fever  which  followed  it,  in  his 
case,  as  in  that  of  Scott  and  so  many  other  intelligent  chil- 
dren under  similar  circumstances,  the  weary  and  languishing 
hours  were  soothed  by  the  assiduities  of  mother,  sister,  and 
friends  reading  to  him  such  books — then  few  and  precious  — 
as  would  amuse  the  tedium  of  the  sick-chamber,  and  that 
his  taste  for  reading  began  in  this  way.  He  had  some  school- 
ing ;  but  the  town-school  in  Sherborn,  eighty  years  ago,  could 
have  been  of  very  little  account.     His  lameness  was  the  most 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  85 

earnest  and  successful  teacher.  The  feeble  and  aching  limbs, 
which  prevented  his  engaging  in  out-door  sports,  led  him  to 
seek  occupation  and  amusement  in  books.  In  one  of  the  few 
conversations  which  I  ever  had  with  him  on  this  subject,  —  for, 
uncommunicative  in  all  things,  he  was  especially  so  in  what- 
ever concerned  himself,  —  he  said,  that,  from  his  very  earliest 
recollection,  he  was  fond  of  books,  and  devoted  every  shilling 
that  came  into  his  possession  to  their  purchase.  When,  in 
after-life,  he  became  acquainted  with  the  writings  and  history 
of  Sir  Walter  Scott,  he  felt  himself  drawn  by  sympathy  to- 
ward him  as  a  fellow-sufferer.  "  Lameness,"  he  used  to  say 
to  a  young  friend,  "  drove  us  both  to  books,  —  him  to  making 
them,  and  me  to  reading  them."  This  sympathy  led  him  to 
procure  a  bust  of  Scott,  the  only  one  which  adorned  his 
library. 

But  though  books,  from  his  childhood,  formed  the  solace 
of  his  life,  they  could  not  furnish  his  support.  The  ample 
funds,  which  now  exist  for  the  education  of  meritorious  but 
needy  young  men  had  not  then  been  provided  by  public  and 
private  liberality.  The  circumstances  of  his  family  were  not 
such  as  to  put  a  college  education  within  his  reach.  At  the 
proper  age,  the  poor  lame  boy  must  begin  to  learn  a  trade ; 
and  that  of  a  leather-dresser  was  naturally  selected.  He  had 
probably  begun  to  work  under  his  father,  in  the  shop  and  on 
the  farm,  as  soon  as  he  was  able  to  labor.  His  taste  for  read- 
ing, as  we  have  seen,  was  developed  still  earlier.  As  he  grew 
up,  all  his  leisure  time  was  devoted  to  it ;  and,  before  he  was 
eighteen  years  of  age,  he  had  read  all  the  books  which  he 
could  procure  in   Sherborn. 

He  continued  to  work  with  his  father  till  he  attained  his 
majority;  at  which  time  a  strong  desire  possessed  him  to  see 
the  famous  places  abroad,  of  which  he  had  learned  something 
from  books.  To  gratify  this  desire  he  gladly  accepted  the 
offer  of  one  of  his  father's  friends  and  neighbors,  the  captain 
of  a  vessel  about  to  sail  from  Norfolk,  in  Virginia,  to  Lon- 
don. He  was  to  get  to  Norfolk  before  the  vessel  sailed,  at 
his  own  expense.  Too  poor  to  accompany  the  captain  by 
land,  he  engaged  a  passage  in  a  coasting  vessel  bound  from 


86  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

Boston  to  Norfolk.  A  long-confirmed  east-wind  detained 
the  coaster  in  port,  till  it  was  too  late  to  reach  Norfolk  before 
the  vessel  sailed  for  London.  Thomas  lost  that  chance  of 
seeing  Europe  ;  and  another  never  offered  itself.  It  was  a 
critical  period  in  his  life.  The  money  which  he  had  brought 
from  Sherborn  ran  low  at  a  boarding-house  while  the  cruel 
east-wind  prevailed  ;  and  he  was  not  willing  to  return,  a  dis- 
appointed adventurer,  to  his  father's  door.  Seeking  employ- 
ment in  the  business  in  which  he  was  brought  up,  he  en- 
gaged in  the  service  of  Mr.  Wait,  a  wool-puller  and  leather- 
dresser  in  Roxbury,  as  a  journeyman,  at  twelve  dollars  a 
month.  He  remained  in  this  situation  for  ten  years ;  and  the 
highest  wages  he  ever  received  was  twenty-five  dollars  a 
month. 

In  1803,  Mr.  Dowse,  now  thirty-one  years  of  age,  was  en- 
abled, with  the  assistance  of  Mr.  Wait,  to  set  up  in  business 
for  himself.  In  that  year  he  established  himself  in  Cambridge- 
port;  which  was  beginning  sensibly  to  prosper  under  the  influ- 
ence of  the  building  of  West  Boston,  or,  as  it  is  now  called, 
Hancock  Bridge.  Those  who  recollect  the  Port  as  it  was  at  the 
beginning  of  the  century  will  be  able  to  appreciate  the  fore- 
cast which  led  Mr.  Dowse  to  select  it  as  an  advantageous  place 
of  business.  Few  portions  of  the  environs  of  Boston  were, 
at  that  time,  less  attractive.  It  was  near  the  great  centres  of 
interest,  literary,  commercial,  and  historical ;  but  it  was  not 
of  them.  In  the  early  settlement  of  the  country,  Governor 
Winthrop's  party,  as  is  well  known,  made  its  first  permanent 
landing  at  Charlestown.  The  communication  westward  by 
land,  from  the  spot  where  they  stationed  themselves  for  the 
summer  of  1630,  was  over  Charlestown  Neck,  and  by  the  old 
Charlestown  road,  which  now  leads  to  Cambridge  Common, 
and  is  called  Kirkland  Street.  Along  the  line  of  this  road 
there  had  probably  been  an  Indian  trail,  which  left  Cam- 
bridgeport  quite  to  the  south.  Water  communication  by  boats 
was,  in  the  absence  of  roads,  much  resorted  to  along  the  coast 
and  up  the  river.  It  was,  no  doubt,  the  principal  mode  of 
conveyance  from  Charlestown  and  Boston  to  Watertown, 
which   began  to  be  settled   earlier   than    Cambridge.      The 


EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE.  87 

shores  of  Charles  River  for  a  considerable  part  of  the  way, 
along  what  is  now  Cambridgeport,  were  low  and  wet,  and 
afforded  no  conveniences  for  landing.  A  great  part  of  the 
territory  was  a  sunken  marsh  or  an  almost  impenetrable 
swamp,  interspersed  with  a  few  tracts  of  upland,  nearly,  and 
some  wholly,  insulated.  This  condition  of  things  did  not 
materially  change  for  a  century  and  a  half.  Lieutenant-Gov- 
ernor Phipps  purchased  as  a  farm  the  entire  territory  of  what 
is  now  East  Cambridge,  in  the  early  part  of  the  eighteenth 
century.  The  Inman  and  Soden  Farms  were  cultivated 
about  the  same  time ;  and  these  were  the  only  considerable 
improvements,  east  of  Dana  Hill,  before  the  building  of 
West  Boston  Bridge. 

That  event  took  place  in  1793.  Till  then,  the  chief  value 
of  the  lands'  in  Cambridgeport  arose  from  the  salt  hay  pro- 
cured from  them.  The  situation  was  altogether  uninviting. 
There  were  no  highways  or  bridges  across  the  marshes.  "  It 
was,"  says  Dr.  Holmes,  "  a  sort  of  insulated  tract,  detached 
from  every  other."  It  was  called  "  the  Neck "  ;  and  few 
persons  went  into  it  in  the  course  of  the  year,  except  for  the 
purpose  of  cutting  and  bringing  off  the  salt  hay,  and  for  what 
is  ironically,  I  suppose,  called  "  sport "  ;  that  is,  wading  all 
day  up  to  your  middle  through  oozy  creeks  and  tangled 
bushes,  beneath  a  burning  sun,  and  under  clouds  of  mosqui- 
tos,  gnats,  and  green-headed  flies,  with  a  heavy  fowling-piece 
on  your  shoulder,  and  an  affectionate  but  muddy  dog  at  your 
heels,  in  the  hope  of  bringing  home  a  sheldrake  and  half  a 
dozen  yellow-legs,  at  nightfall,  as  the  trophy  of  the  day's  suc- 
cess. There  were  but  four  houses  east  of  Judge  Dana's  be- 
fore the  bridge  was  built,  and  a  repulsive  loneliness  reigned 
around  them.  The  remains  of  an  Indian  wigwam,  of  rather 
equivocal  reputation,  existed,  within  my  recollection,  in  the 
depths  of  a  gloomy  thicket ;  and  there  were  portions  of  this 
forlorn  territory,  if  the  popular  superstition  could  be  cred- 
ited, not  in  the  exclusive  occupation  of  the  denizens  of  this 
world. 

With  the  building  of  the  bridge,  and  the  opening  of  the 
causeway  to   it,  —  of  which,  however,  the  construction  was 


88  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

very  imperfect,  —  the  improvement  of  the  Port  began.  In 
1801  a  considerable  part  of  the  Inman  Farm  was  sold  in 
small  parcels  ;  and  a  rapid  increase  of  building  and  popula- 
tion now  took  place.  Young  men  of  enterprise  began  to  re- 
sort to  Cambridgeport  from  the  interior  of  the  Common- 
wealth. Mr.  Dowse  followed  in  1803.  He  established  him- 
self near  the  Universalist  church,  in  partnership  with  Mr. 
Aaron  Gay  ;  his  old  master  Wait  furnishing  the  capital,  and 
receiving  half  the  profits.  This  arrangement  lasted  but  about 
a  year,  when  the  partnership  was  dissolved.  Mr.  Dowse  re- 
mained in  the  pursuit  of  his  business  for  about  ten  years 
longer,  on  the  spot  where  he  had  first  established  himself,  and 
with  such  success  that  he  felt  warranted,  in  1814,  in  erecting 
the  ample  premises  at  the  corner  of  Main  and  Prospect 
Streets.  These  he  continued  to  occupy  as  a  wool-puller  and 
leather-dresser,  with  a  succession  of  partners,  to  the  close  of 
his  life  ;  retiring,  however,  from  the  actual  pursuit  of  his  busi- 
ness at  about  the  age  of  seventy-four. 

Industrious,  punctual,  energetic,  intelligent,  and  upright,  he 
prospered  in  his  calling.  The  wool-trade  was  profitable  :  the 
sheep-skins  manufactured  by  him,  and  chiefly  in  request  with 
the  book-binders  and  glovers,  acquired  the  reputation  of  su- 
perior finish  and  durability,  and  consequently  enjoyed  a  pref- 
erence in  the  market.  His  gains  were  therefore  steady,  and 
they  were  frugally  husbanded.  But,  though  simple  in  his 
tastes  and  moderate  in  his  expenditure,  he  was  far  from  par- 
simonious. His  house,  his  domestic  establishment,  and  his 
garden,  were  on  a  scale  of  convenience  and  comfort  —  one 
might  almost  say  luxury  of  a  Doric  cast  —  seldom  witnessed 
on  the  part  of  those  who  live  by  manual  labor.  A  moderate 
fortune  was  invested  by  him  —  unproductively,  except  as  it 
produced  rational  and  healthful  enjoyment  —  in  his  buildings 
and  grounds;  and  a  constantly  increasing  portion  of  his  in- 
come was  laid  out  in  books.  His  days  were  devoted  to  hard 
work,  and  to  the  conveyance  of  its  products  to  market  in  Bos- 
ton ;  but  the  early  morning  and  the  evening  hours  were  em- 
ployed in  reading.  He  never  stinted  himself  in  the  purchase 
of  books ;  and  the  sums   of  money,  hardly  earned  by  daily 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  89 

labor,  and  withdrawn  from  accumulation  to  be  expended  in 
this  way,  amounted  of  themselves,  in  the  course  of  his  life,  to 
what  would  have  been  an  independent  fortune.  The  cost  of 
his  library,  as  presented  to  our  Society,  is  supposed  to  have 
been  not  less  than  forty  thousand  dollars.  If  interest  is  taken 
into  the  account,  it  must  have  been  twice  that  sum.  I  men- 
tion these  facts,  not  as  wishing  to  bring  the  value  of  books 
in  the  hands  of  an  intelligent  reader  down  to  a  pecuniary 
standard,  but  for  the  opposite  purpose  of  showing  how  little 
this  was  done  by  Mr.  Dowse.  It  may  be  difficult  to  find 
another  instance  of  an  individual,  especially  one  physical- 
ly infirm,  who  confined  himself  beyond  the  age  of  three- 
score years  and  ten  to  a  laborious  mechanical  trade,  and 
invested  in  buildings,  grounds,  and  books  a  sum  of  money 
amply  sufficient  to  have  supported  him  without  manual 
labor. 

About  the  year  1821  happened  the  second  of  the  two  acci- 
dental occurrences  of  his  life  —  the  one  adverse,  the  other 
prosperous  —  to  which  I  have  alluded  :  I  refer  to  the  acquisi- 
tion of  a  valuable  collection  of  copies,  in  water-colors,  of 
paintings  by  the  great  masters.  Mr.  Dowse  had  early  formed 
a  taste,  not  merely  for  reading,  but  for  beautiful  typography 
and  binding,  in  which  the  publications  of  the  American  press 
were  at  that  time  sadly  deficient.  Nor  were  the  shelves  of 
our  booksellers  then,  as  now,  supplied  by  importation  with 
ample  stocks  of  the  choicest  productions  of  the  foreign  press. 
To  gratify  his  taste  in  the  beauty  of  his  editions,  Mr.  Dowse 
was  accustomed  to  import  his  books  directly  from  London. 
About  the  year  1820,  his  agent  there  sent  him  the  prospectus 
of  a  lottery  for  the  disposal  of  the  copies  of  a  magnificent 
series  of  engravings  of  the  ancient  masters,  and  of  the  water- 
color  copies  which  had  been  made  of  the  originals  in  order  to 
this  publication.  The  lottery  was  arranged  on  the  principle, 
that,  according  as  the  first-drawn  number  was  even  or  odd, 
all  the  even  or  all  the  odd  numbers  should  receive  a  set  of 
engravings  as  a  prize ;  while  the  water-color  copies  were 
divided,  and  formed  the  two  highest  additional  prizes.  This 
probably  was  an  artifice  of  the  managers  of  the  lottery  to  in- 


90  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

duce  every  one,  disposed  to  adventure  in  it,  to  buy  at  least 
two  tickets.  Mr.  Dowse  and  a  neighbor  in  Cambridgeport 
united  in  the  purchase  of  three,  dividing  them  between  the 
even  and  the  odd  numbers.  It  was  not  convenient  to  the 
neighbor  to  retain  his  interest  in  the  purchase  of  the  tickets, 
and  Mr.  Dowse  took  the  three  to  himself. 

His  first  information  of  the  fortunate  result  came  from  the 
Custom-House  in  Boston,  in  the  shape  of  a  heavy  demand 
for  duties  upon  the  boxes,  which  contained   fifty-two  paint- 
ings in  water-colors,  in  their  frames  ;  a  set  of  the  colored  en- 
gravings executed  from  them,  and  a  set  of  the  same  engrav- 
ings  not  colored ;  all  of  which  he   had  drawn  as  the  second 
and  third  prizes  in  the  lottery.     The  entire  amount  of  duties, 
freight,  and    other  charges  was    about    a   thousand    dollars. 
"Whether  this  was  a  greater  sum  than  it  was  convenient  to 
Mr.  Dowse  to  advance   for  what  he  must  have  regarded  at 
that  time  as  a  mere  luxury,  or  whether  his  taste  for  this  branch 
of  art  remained  to  be  developed,  I  have  been  informed  that 
he  hesitated  at  first  about  retaining  the  collection,  and  con- 
sulted   one  or  two  friends   on  the  expediency  of   doing  so. 
Their  counsel  —  seconded,  no  doubt,  by  his  own  inclination 
—  determined    him,  at    any  rate,  to    proceed  with    caution. 
The  collection  was  placed  on  exhibition  at  Doggett's  rooms, 
in    Market  Street,  for  the  gratification  of  the  public.     It  at- 
tracted great  attention  on  the  part  of  all  persons  of  taste,  and 
of  the  artists  then  residing  in  Boston,  and  especially  of  Alls- 
ton  and  Stuart.     Mr.  Dowse  himself,  perceiving  the  value  of 
the  collection,  abandoned  all  thoughts  of  parting  with  the 
treasure   thus  thrown  into   his   hands;  fitted  up  two  rooms 
in  the  rear  of  his  library  for  their  reception ;  and  there  they 
remained,  one  of  the  great  ornaments  of  his   establishment, 
an  object  of  curiosity  and  interest  to  strangers  visiting  this 
region,  and  of  delightful  contemplation  to  those  who  enjoyed 
the   privilege   of  Mr.  Dowse's  friendship,  to   the  end  of   his 
days. 

This  event  I  take  to  have  decided  his  course  for  the  residue  of 
his  life.  His  hesitation,  whether  or  not  he  would  dispossess 
himself  of  the  treasures  of  art  which  had  fallen  to  his  lot,  seems 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  91 

to  show,  if  the  anecdote  is  authentic,  that  hitherto  he  had  not 
entirely  made  up  his  mind  to  devote  his  time  and  his  means 
wholly  to  the  gratification  of  intellectual  and  artistic  tastes. 
It  is  probable  that  the  inspection  of  the  paintings  at  the 
exhibition,  and  the  study  of  the  engravings  at  home,  opened 
within  him  the  hitherto  hidden  fountains  of  feeling  and  per- 
ception for  high  art.  It  may  seem  extravagant  to  ascribe 
such  an  effect  to  a  collection  of  copies :  but  although  there 
is  an  incommunicable  beauty  in  the  original  canvas  of  a 
great  master,  yet  a  faithful  engraving,  and  still  more  a  spir- 
ited copy,  are  to  the  intelligent  observer  no  mean  substitute ; 
for  even  the  original  canvas  is,  so  to  say,  but  a  lifeless  thing, 
into  which  the  taste  of  the  observer,  in  sympathy  with  the 
artist,  is  to  infuse  vitality  and  meaning.  It  is  the  medium 
through  which  the  suggestive  ideas  of  the  creative  mind  are 
reflected  to  the  perceptive  mind,  —  painter  and  spectator  di- 
viding the  work  of  enjoyment  and  admiration.  Surveyed  by 
the  untaught  eye,  scanned  by  the  unsympathizing  gaze,  Ra- 
phael's Madonna  at  Dresden,  and  Titian's  Cornaro  Family, 
stand  upon  a  level  with  the  memorable  painting  of  the 
Primrose  Family,  which  was  executed  by  the  industrious 
artist  in  four  days.  The  sublime  and  beautiful  images,  cre- 
ated by  genius  in  the  soul  of  the  artists,  are  projected  on  the 
canvas,  —  perhaps  inadequately  projected,  even  by  the  most 
gifted  master,  —  in  order  to  call  up  corresponding  images 
in  the  mind  of  the  beholder.  There  is  no  doubt  that  the 
gifted  painter  or  sculptor,  like  the  gifted  poet,  feels  and  con- 
ceives higher  and  brighter  things  than  he  can  possibly  ex- 
press in  words,  in  form,  or  colors ;  while  the  observer  and  the 
reader  of  congenial  spirit  find  a  significance  in  the  page,  the 
statue,  or  the  canvas  far  above  the  literal  expression.  As  he 
muses  on  the  poem,  the  statue,  the  painting,  the  fire  burns 
within  him.  The  electric  circuit  between  his  mind  and  that 
of  the  poet,  the  sculptor,  the  painter,  is  completed ;  and  lo ! 
the  airy  imaginings  of  the  artist  crystallize  into  substantial 
realities.  The  dead  letter  of  Homer  and  Dante  and  Milton 
begins  to  cry  in  melting  articulate  tones ;  the  stony  lips  of 
heroes  and  sages,  moulded  by  Phidias  and  Praxiteles,  shake 


92  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

off  the  dust  of  two  thousand  years,  and  move  and  talk  to 
the  beholder ;  and  the  transfigured  canvas  of  Raphael  blazes 
with  the  unutterable  glories  which  irradiated  the  Son  of  God, 
when,  as  he  prayed,  the  fashion  of  his  face  was  altered,  and 
his  raiment  was  white  and  glistering.  According  to  the 
acuteness  of  his  natural  perceptions,  the  extent  of  his  artistic 
culture,  and  his  own  sympathy  with  original  genius,  the 
observer  will  find  on  the  canvas  mere  mechanical  execution, 
the  lowest  stage  of  art ;  imitative  resemblance  of  nature,  the 
point  where  ordinary  criticism  stops ;  embodied  thought  and 
character,  in  which  the  reign  of  genius  begins ;  rapt  ideality, 
the  third  heaven  of  the  artistic  creation.  Keen  is  the  eye, 
profound  the  study,  exquisite  the  taste,  rare  the  congeniality, 
of  creative  power,  which  can  comprehend  at  once  all  the  ele- 
ments of  artistic  beauty  and  life,  and  melt  them  into  a  har- 
monious whole,  in  which  sense  and  intellect  and  feeling,  the 
eye,  the  mind,  and  the  soul,  enter  for  an  equal  part. 

Mr.  Dowse's  eye  was  true,  though  hitherto  little  exercised ; 
his  taste  was  naturally  pure  and  simple ;  and,  in  matters  of 
art,  he  had  at  least  nothing  to  unlearn.  The  collection,  of 
which  he  had  become  the  fortunate  possessor,  consisted  in- 
deed of  copies  in  water-colors;  but  they  were  copies  of 
choice  originals,  executed  by  skilful  hands.  They  were  truth- 
ful representatives  of  some  of  the  most  celebrated  works  of 
the  greatest  masters  of  what  has  been  called  the  lost  art  of 
painting;  works  of  which,  at  that  time,  neither  copies  nor 
engravings  had  often  reached  this  country.  The  collection 
consisted  altogether  of  fifty-two  paintings,  of  which  four 
were  copies  of  Raphael ;  three  each  of  Titian,  Guercino, 
Claude  Lorraine,  Rembrandt,  and  Rubens  ;  two  each  of  Giot- 
to, Domenichino,  Guido,  Annibale  Caracci,  and  Andrea  del 
Sarto;  and  one  each  of  Cimabue,  Ghirlandaio,  Correggio, 
Giulio  Romano,  Parmegiano,  Bordone,  Garofalo,  Schidone, 
Cortona,  Sebastian  del  Piombo,  Salvator  Rosa,  Murillo, 
Giorgione,  the  two  Poussins,  Paul  Potter,  Teniers,  Jr.,  Os- 
tade,  Gherard  Dow,  Berghem,  Van  de  Werf,  Wouvermans ; 
and  one  fine  water-piece,  of  the  Dutch  school,  not  named,  — 
nearly  all  the  greatest  names  in  all  the  classic  schools  of  art, 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  93 

and  an  adequate  specimen  of  their  peculiar  styles ;  and 
this,  too,  before  the  sparkling  paradoxes  and  fearless  dog- 
matism of  Ruskin  had  cast  a  shade  of  doubt  on  their  accept- 
ed merit. 

Thus  he  became  possessed  of  a  collection  of  paintings,  — 
copies,  indeed,  but  copies  of  originals  that  never  cross  the  At- 
lantic ;  a  collection  which  was  declared  by  Allston  to  embody 
in  the  aggregate  richer  and  more  instructive  treasures  of  art 
than  could  have  been  found  at  that  time  in  the  whole  United 
States.  This  acquisition  no  doubt  exercised,  as  I  have  already 
stated,  a  considerable  influence  upon  his  feelings  and  pur- 
poses, and  confirmed  him  in  his  resolution  to  devote  his  time 
and  his  means  to  the  gratification  of  his  taste  and  the  improve- 
ment of  his  mind.  Of  his  personal  history  at  this  period  of 
his  life  there  is  little  else  to  record.  There  is  a  tradition, 
that,  at  the  age  of  fifty,  he  contemplated  marriage.  This 
intention,  if  ever  cherished,  was  soon  abandoned;  and  his 
latter  like  his  earlier  days  were  passed  in  the  somewhat  un- 
genial  solitude  which  appears  to  have  suited  his  tempera- 
ment. He  seems  to  have  been  wholly  free  from  the  unhappy 
restless  desire  "  to  better  his  condition,"  as  it  is  called,  which, 
in  a  few  exceptional  cases,  leads  to  brilliant  fortune,  con- 
demns the  majority  of  men  to  a  life  of  feverish  and  gener- 
ally unsuccessful  change,  and  tempts  not  a  few  to  their  ruin. 
Giving  his  hours  of  labor  to  his  trade,  and  those  of  relaxation 
to  his  books,  his  pictures,  and  his  garden,  he  lived  on  to  a 
serene,  contented,  unaspiring,  and  venerable  age;  exhibiting 
a  beautiful  example  of  the  triumph  of  a  calm  and  resolute 
spirit  over  what  are  usually  regarded  as  the  most  adverse 
outward  circumstances. 

A  supposed  invincible  necessity  of  our  natures  has,  in  our 
modern  society,  almost  separated  the  mechanical  from  the 
intellectual  pursuits.  A  life  of  manual  labor  and  business 
cares  has  usually  been  found  (less  perhaps  in  our  country 
than  in  most  others)  to  be  inconsistent  with  the  cultivation  of  a 
taste  for  literature  and  art.  It  is  generally  taken  for  granted, 
that,  for  this  purpose,  means  and  leisure  are  required,  not 
within   the  reach   of  those  who    live   by  the    labor    of   the 


94  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

hands.  Hence  society,  speaking  in  general  terms,  is  divided 
into  two  classes,  —  one  engrossed  with  manual  labor  or  busi- 
ness cares,  and  suffering  for  want  of  a  due  culture  of  the 
mental  powers  ;  the  other  employed  in  pursuits  that  task  the 
intellect,  without  calling  into  play  the  wonderful  faculties  of 
our  material  frames.  The  result  in  too  many  cases  gives  us 
labor  without  refinement,  and  learning  without  physical  de- 
velopment. Such  was  evidently  not  the  design  of  our  nature. 
Curiously,  wondrously  compounded  of  soul  and  body,  it  was 
meant  to  admit  the  harmonious  and  sympathetic  develop- 
ment of  the  material  and  intellectual  principle  :  rather,  let  me 
say,  its  attainable  highest  excellence  can  exist  only  when  such 
development  takes  place.  It  is  quite  evident  that,  as  far  as 
that  object  is  attainable,  labor  should  be  ennobled  and 
adorned  by  the  cultivation  of  intellectual  tastes  and  the  en- 
joyment of  intellectual  pleasures  ;  while  those  whose  lead- 
ing pursuits  are  of  a  literary  or  scientific  character  ought 
to  inure  themselves  to  exercises,  occupations,  and  sports 
which  strengthen  the  frame,  brace  the  muscles,  quicken  the 
senses,  and  call  into  action  the  latent  powers  of  our  physical 
nature. 

It  has  ever  appeared  to  me  that  Mr.  Dowse's  life  and 
career  were  replete  with  instruction  in  this  respect ;  in  which, 
indeed,  he  is  entitled  to  be  regarded  as  a  representative  man. 
Few  persons,  as  we  have  seen,  above  the  dead  level  of  abso- 
lute penury,  start  in  life  with  such  slender  advantages  of 
position  and  outfit.  He  inherits  no  fortune,  he  enjoys  no 
advantages  of  education.  From  the  age  of  six  years,  he 
labors  under  a  serious  physical  infirmity.  The  occupation 
he  has  chosen  furnishes  no  facilities  for  the  cultivation  of  the 
mind  over  most  other  mechanical  trades ;  and  till  he  has  ad- 
vanced to  the  age  of  fifty,  nothing  that  can  be  called  a  piece 
of  "  good  luck "  occurs  to  give  an  impulse  to  his  feelings. 
But,  under  these  certainly  not  propitious  circumstances,  he 
forms  a  taste  for  books  and  for  art  such  as  is  usually  dis- 
played only  by  persons  of  prosperous  fortune ;  and  he  pro- 
vides himself,  by  the  labor  of  his  hands,  with  ampler  means 
for  gratifying  those  tastes  than  are  often  employed  by  the 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  95 

affluent  and  the  liberal.  If  his  example  proves  the  important 
and  salutary  truth,  that  there  is  no  incompatibility  between 
manual  labor  and  intellectual  culture,  the  rarity  of  the  exam- 
ple shows  with  equal  plainness  how  firm  was  the  purpose, 
how  resolute  the  will,  which  enabled  him  to  overcome  the 
difficulties  of  such  a  course.  We  can  fancy  the  unspoken 
reflections  that  may  sometimes  have  passed  through  his  mind 
as  he  leaned  over  his  work-bench.  We  can  imagine,  that 
in  his  hours  of  solitary  labor,  and  at  the  commencement  of 
his  career,  he  sometimes  said  to  himself,  "  These  halting 
limits  and  this  enfeebled  frame  shall  not  gain  the  mastery. 
If  I  cannot  move  with  vigor  in  the  active  and  busy  world, 
much  more  shall  these  hard-working  hands  provide  me  the 
means  of  mental  improvement.  Poverty  is  my  inheritance  : 
I  know  from  the  cradle  the  taste  of  her  bitter  but  wholesome 
cup ;  but  I  will  earn  for  myself  the  advantages  which  fortune 
sometimes  in  vain  showers  on  her  favorites.  A  resolute  pur- 
pose shall  be  my  patrimony ;  a  frugal  life,  my  great  revenue. 
Mean  may  be  the  occupation,  hard  and  steady  the  toil ;  but 
they  shall  not  break  nor  bend  my  spirit.  It  has  not  been  giv- 
en me  to  pass  the  happy  days  of  emulous  youth  in  the  abodes 
of  learning,  or  to  sit  at  the  feet  of  the  masters  of  science  or 
literature  ;  but,  if  Providence  has  denied  me  that  privilege 
which  most  I  should  have  coveted,  it  has  granted  me  a  love 
of  letters  not  always  brought  from  academic  halls.  The 
wise  of  every  country  and  age  shall  teach  me  from  the  shelves 
of  my  library ;  the  gray  dawn  and  the  midnight  lamp  shall 
bear  witness  to  my  diligence ;  at  the  feet  of  the  great  mas- 
ters I  will  educate  myself." 

How  effectually  he  did  this  may  be  seen  by  a  hasty  glance 
at  his  library.  A  short  time  before  his  death  he  caused  a 
few  copies  of  a  catalogue  of  it  to  be  printed  for  private  distribu- 
tion. It  is  contained  in  an  ocfavo  volume  of  two  hundred  and 
fourteen  pages.  The  number  of  works  entered  in  the  catalogue 
is  two  thousand  and  eight,  and  the  estimated  number  of  vol- 
umes is  not  less  than  five  thousand;  all  decently,  many  ele- 
gantly, a  few  magnificently  bound.  They  are,  for  the  most 
part,  of  choice  editions,  where  a  choice  of  editions  exists.     A 


96  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

fair  proportion  of  them  are  specimens  of  beautiful  typography  ; 
a  few  of  them  works  of  bibliographical  luxury  and  splendor. 
It  is  an  English  library.  Mr.  Dowse  was  not  acquainted 
with  the  ancient  or  foreign  languages ;  and  as  it  was  formed 
not  for  ostentation,  but  use,  it  contained  but  a  few  volumes 
not  in  the  English  tongue.  In  running  over  the  catalogue 
cursorily  for  this  purpose,  I  find  nothing  in  the  Greek  lan- 
guage, and  but  a  single  work  in  Latin,  and  that  not  an  an- 
cient author,  —  a  volume  of  De  Bry's  collection  of  voyages ; 
and  nothing  in  any  foreign  languages  but  the  works  of  the 
three  great  masters  of  sacred  oratory  in  French,  —  Bossuet, 
Bourdaloue,  Massillon  ;  in  all,  seventy-two  volumes.  These, 
with  the  addition  of  the  voyage  of  Father  Marquette,  who,  first 
of  civilized  men,  descended  the  Mississippi,  from  its  junction 
with  the  Wisconsin  to  the  Arkansas,  were  the  only  books  in 
a  foreign  language  contained  in  Mr.  Dowse's  library,  —  the 
last  being  a  present. 

But,  though  he  confined  his  library  almost  exclusively  to 
the  English  language,  it  was  enriched  with  the  best  transla- 
tions of  nearly  all  the  classical  writers  of  Greece  and  of  Rome, 
as  well  as  of  several  of  the  standard  authors  of  the  principal 
modern  tongues.  Thus  his  shelves  contained  translations 
of  Homer,  Hesiod,  the  minor  lyric  and  elegiac  poets,  Pindar, 
Theocritus,  ^Eschylus,  Sophocles,  Euripides  and  Aristopha- 
nes, Plato  and  Aristotle,  Philostratus,  Epictetus,  Marcus  An- 
toninus, Demosthenes,  Herodotus,  Thucydides,  Xenophon, 
Arrian,  Diodorus  Siculus,  Dionysius  of  Halicarnassus,  Po- 
lybius,  Plutarch,  Pausanias,  Dio  Chrysostom,  Longinus, 
Aristaenetus,  Anacreon,  Lucian,  Porphyry,  and  the  Emperor 
Julian.  From  the  Latin  he  had  translations  of  Lucretius, 
Virgil,  Ovid,  Horace,  Catullus,  Tibullus,  Lucan,  Claudian, 
Juvenal,  Persius,  Plautus,  Terence,  Csesar,  Sallust,  Livy, 
Tacitus,  Suetonius,  Justin,  Cicero,  Quintilian,  Seneca,  Pliny 
the  Younger,  and  Apuleius.  Among  German  writers  he  had 
translations  of  the  principal  works  of  Klopstock,  Wieland, 
Goethe,  Schiller,  of  Norden,  Niebuhr,  father  and  son,  Johan- 
nes von  Miiller,  Heeren,  Otto  Miiller,  Raumer,  Ranke,  Men- 
delssohn, Kant,  the  two   Schlegels,  Menzel,  Heinrich  Heine, 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  97 

and  Weber.  From  the  Italian  language  he  had  translations  of 
Dante,  Petrarch,  Boccaccio,  Ariosto,  Tasso,  Guarini,  Marco 
Polo,  Macchiavelli,  the  Memorials  of  Columbus,  Guicciardini, 
Clavigero,  Botta,  Lanzi,  and  Metastasis.  Of  French  authors 
he  had  translations  of  the  old  Fabliaux,  De  Comines,Froissart, 
Monstrelet,  Rabelais,  Montaigne,  Pascal,  De  Retz,  De  la 
Rochefoucault,  Fe"nelon,  Racine,  Lafontaine,  Moliere,  Madame 
de  Sevigne,  Boileau,  De  la  Salle,  La  Hontan,  Rapin,  Bayle, 
Rollin,  Montesquieu,  Bossu,  Charlevoix,  Voltaire,  Rousseau, 
Grimm,  Vertot,  the  Abbd  Raynal,  St.  Pierre,  De  Vaillant,  Vol- 
ney,  Brissot  de  Warville,  De  Chastellux,  Marmontel,  Barthe*- 
lemi,  Necker,  Madame  de  Stael,  Madame  Roland,  Mirabeau, 
Chenier,  Chateaubriand,  La  Roche  Jacquelein,  Baron  Hum- 
boldt, Sismondi,  Guizot,  De  Tocqueville,  Lamartine,  and  Be*- 
ranger.  In  Spanish  and  Portuguese  he  had  Cervantes,  Cortez, 
Gomara,  Bernal  Diaz,  Las  Casas,  De  Soto,  De  Solis,  Garci- 
laso  de  la  Vega,  Herrera,  Mariana,  Molina,  Quevedo,  Ulloa, 
Cabrera,  Alcedo,  and  Camoens.  It  is  scarcely  necessary  to 
add  to  this,  I  fear,  tedious  recital  of  names,  that  it  was  evi- 
dently Mr.  Dowse's  intention,  as  far  as  it  could  be  effected 
through  the  medium  of  translations,  that  his  shelves  should 
not  only  contain  the  works  of  the  master-minds  of  every 
language  and  age,  but  also  a  fair  representation  of  the  gen- 
eral literature  of  the  ancient  and  modern  tongues. 

But  it  was,  of  course,  upon  his  own  language  that  he  ex- 
pended his  strength;  for  here  he  was  able  to  drink  at  the 
fountains.  Putting  aside  purely  scientific,  professional,  and 
technical  treatises,  —  in  which,  however,  the  library  is  not 
wholly  deficient,  —  it  may  be  said  to  contain,  with  a  few 
exceptions,  the  works  of  nearly  every  standard  English  and 
American  author,  with  a  copious  supply  of  illustrative  and 
miscellaneous  literature,  brought  down  to  within  a  few  years 
of  his  death,  when,  under  the  growing  infirmities  of  age,  he 
ceased  to  add  to  his  collection.  No  one  department  appears 
to  predominate ;  and  it  would  be  impossible  to  gather,  from 
the  choice  of  his  books,  that  his  taste  had  even  strongly 
inclined  to  any  one  branch  of  reading  beyond  all  others. 
He  possessed  the  poets  and  the  dramatists,  from  the  earliest 

VOL.    iv.  7 


98  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

period  to  the  present  day  (more  than  three  pages  and  a  half 
of  the  printed  catalogue  are  devoted  to  Shakspeare  and  his 
commentators)  ;  a  fine  series  of  the  chroniclers ;  the  histori- 
ans and  biographers  ;  the  writers  and  collectors  of  voyages 
and  travels,  among  which  is  the  beautiful  set  of  Purehas's 
Pilgrims,  one  volume  of  which  was  selected  as  the  earnest 
volume  of  the  donation  of  his  library  to  the  Historical  So- 
ciety ;  the  philosophers,  theologians,  moralists,  essayists ;  and 
an  ample  choice  of  miscellaneous  writers.  To  enumerate 
the  most  important  of  them  would  be  simply  to  repeat  the 
prominent  names  in  the  literature  of  the  English  language. 
Though  not  aiming  in  any  great  degree  at  the  acquisition 
of  books  whose  principal  value  consists  in  their  rarity,  Mr. 
Dowse  was  not  without  fondness  for  bibliographical  curiosi- 
ties. His  collection  contains  a  considerable  number  of  curi- 
ous works  seldom  found  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic,  and 
among  them  a  magnificent  large  paper-copy  of  Dibdin's 
bibliographical  publications.  Though  somewhat  reserved  in 
speaking  of  his  books,  and  generally  contented  with  simply 
calling  a  friend's  attention  to  a  curious  volume,  he  sometimes 
added,  in  a  low  voice,  "  A  rare  book." 

When  the  works  of  authors,  falling  within  his  range,  had 
been  collected  in  a  uniform  edition,  he  was  generally  provided 
with  it.  There  is  not  much  of  science,  abstract  or  applied; 
though  that  expression  may  seem  ill  chosen,  when  I  add  that 
it  contains  translations  of  Newton's  "  Principia "  and  La- 
place's "  System  of  the  World."  There  is  but  little  of  juris- 
prudence in  any  department;  but  Grotius  and  Vattel,  and 
one  of  the  critical  editions  of  Blackstone,  show  that  neither 
the  public  nor  municipal  law  had  been  wholly  overlooked 
by  him.  In  American  books  the  library  is  rather  deficient. 
It  contains  President  John  Adams's  "  Defence  of  the  Ameri- 
can Constitutions  " ;  but  no  work  on  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States,  and  but  very  few  having  any  bearing  upon 
political  questions.  There  are  the  works  of  Hamilton,  whom 
Mr.  Dowse  greatly  respected ;  of  Fisher  Ames ;  Jefferson's 
"  Notes  on  Virginia";  and  the  little  volume  entitled  the  "  Po- 
litical Legacies  of  Washington  "  :  but  with  these  exceptions, 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  99 

and  that  of  the  works  of  Franklin,  whom  he  held  in  especial 
honor,  Mr.  Dowse's  library  contains  the  writings  of  no  one 
of  the  Presidents  of  the  United  States,  nor  of  any  one  of  our 
distinguished  statesmen.  It  is  well  supplied  in  the  depart- 
ment of  American  history,  and  in  that  branch  contains  some 
works  of  great  rarity  and  value.  Of  congressional  docu- 
ments, I  think  there  is  not  one  on  the  catalogue ! 

That  it  wants  many  books  not  less  valuable  than  many 
which  it  contains  is  no  doubt  true.  Nothing  else  was  pos- 
sible, in  a  collection  of  five  thousand  volumes.  Had  it  been 
fifty  or  five  hundred  thousand,  the  case  would  have  been  the 
same.  It  is  to  be  remembered,  also,  that  he  formed  his  library 
not  in  a  mass,  and  on  the  principle  of  embracing  at  once 
all  the  books  belonging  to  any  particular  department.  He 
sent  for  the  books  which  he  wanted ;  for  the  books  which 
were  offered  in  sale  catalogues  at  acceptable  prices ;  for  the 
books  which  fell  in  with  his  line  of  thought  at  the  time, ; 
reserving  to  future  opportunities  to  supply  deficiencies,  and 
make  departments  more  complete.  It  must  be  recollected, 
too,  that  though  his  business  prospered,  and  yielded  what, 
under  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  might  be  deemed  an 
ample  income,  he  never  had  at  command  the  means  for 
extravagant  purchases.  Nothing  would  be  more  inconsider- 
ate than  to  compare  his  library  with  the  great  foreign  private 
libraries,  —  Mr.  Grenville's  or  Lord  Spencer's  in  England,  or 
Mr.  Lenox's  in  this  country,  on  which  princely  fortunes  have 
been  expended ;  although,  if  estimated  in  proportion  to  his 
means,  his  modest  collection  would  not  suffer  in  the  contrast. 
"  When  I  was  twenty-eight  years  of  age,"  Mr.  Dowse  remarked 
to  Mr.  Ticknor,  "  I  never  had  any  means  but  the  wages  of  a 
journeyman  leather-dresser,  at  twenty-five  dollars  per  month  ; 
I  had  never  paid  five  dollars  for  conveyance  from  one  place 
to  another;  I  never  had  worn  a  pair  of  boots;  and  I  was 
at  that  time  in  the  possession  of  several  hundred  good  books 
well  bound." 

Such,  very  inadequately  described,  —  and  how  can  a  libra- 
ry be  adequately  described,  except  by  reading  the  catalogue  ? 
—  was  Mr.  Dowse's  collection  of  books,  of  which  with  such 


100  EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE. 

simple  but  affecting  formality  he  transferred  the  possession 
to  the  Historical  Society,  through  you,  sir,  its  President, 
on  the  30th  of  July,  1856.  Here,  as  he  advanced  in  years, 
he  passed  the  greater  part  of  his  time  ;  withdrawing  more 
and  more  from  the  out-door  cares  of  the  world,  and  the 
heavier  toils  and  closer  confinements  of  his  handicraft.  His 
lameness,  which  increased  with  the  advance  of  age,  caused 
him  to  have  rather  a  morbid  disinclination  for  company 
abroad ;  and  he  had  pursued  his  taste  for  books  and  art 
without  sympathy  at  home.  Hence,  though  his  heart  was 
kindly,  it  was,  except  in  the  circle  of  his  most  familiar  friends, 
closed  in  by  an  unaffected  modesty.  He  had  never  coined 
the  rich  ore  of  his  really  genial  nature  into  that  bright  cur- 
rency of  affable  demonstration,  which  adds  so  much  to  the 
ease  and  spirit  of  social  intercourse.  Having  never  formed 
those  domestic  relations  which  call  out  and  train  the  ten- 
derest  of  our  affections,  that  portion  of  his  nature  remained 
undeveloped.  He  had  never  lived  in  the  sunshine  of  a  loving 
eye,  nor  reposed  in  the  soft  moonlight  of  a  patient,  uncom- 
plaining smile.  With  a  mind  full  of  the  richest  materials 
for  the  exercise  of  that  great  characteristic  of  our  common 
humanity,  —  the  gift  of  rational  speech,  —  his  words,  in  gen- 
eral society,  were  ever  few.  Naturally  affectionate,  he  had 
but  little  aptitude  for  the  minor  graces  of  life,  by  which  the 
affections  are  nourished.  It  was  not  difficult  for  him  to  ren- 
der a  great  service ;  nor  would  it  have  been  easy  for  him  to 
furnish  the  social  circle  with  the  amusement  of  a  leisure 
hour.  A  person  who  judged  of  him  from  his  taciturnity  in  a 
mixed  company  would  have  supposed  him  wholly  destitute 
of  that  beautiful  talent  of  conversation,  too  lightly  deemed 
of,. too  little  cultivated,  exhausted  by  most  persons  when  the 
state  of  the  weather  has  been  agreed  upon,  the  last  wretched 
phase  of  party  politics  canvassed,  or  the  character  of  some 
absent  friend  handsomely  pulled  to  pieces,  —  this  happy  gift, 
the  product  in  about  equal  degrees  of  good  temper,  good 
spirits,  and  a  ready  wit ;  which  with  playful  mastery  wrests 
our  time  and  thoughts  from  the  dominion  of  the  grim  per- 
plexities of  life,  extracts  real  happiness  out  of  the  sportive 


/r^     tsfityA^yfJv 


EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE.  101 

nothings  of  the  hour,  lights  up  the  fireside  with  contagious 
cheerfulness,  sets  the  table  in  a  harmless  roar  of  sympathetic 
mirth,  casts  out  for  a  while  the  legion  demons  of  care,  and 
charms  even  rooted  sorrows,  for  the  moment,  into  forgetful- 
ness.  They  would  have  judged  amiss.  There  are  those  in 
this  hall  who  can  testify  that  he  also  had  his  genial  hours ; 
and  they  were  not  few,  nor  far  between.  In  a  trusted  com- 
pany, on  a  happy  theme,  a  choice  volume,  a  favorite  character, 
the  ice  was  melted,  the  waters  flowed ;  and  he  poured  forth 
his  thoughts  and  feelings,  and  the  fruits  of  his  reading,  in  a 
stream  of  colloquial  eloquence  which  the  most  gifted  might 
have  envied,  and  to  which  the  best  informed  might  have 
listened  with  instruction. 

Mingling  but  little  in  society,  still  less  did  he  take  part  in 
the  larger  gatherings  of  men ;  scarcely  ever  attending  church, 
—  though  the  hours  of  Sunday  were  given  to  a  graver  choice 
of  books,  of  which  his  library  contained  an  ample  store.  To 
every  form  of  communication  with  the  public  by  the  written 
or  the  spoken  word  he  was  absolutely  a  stranger.  He  never 
addressed  a  public  meeting ;  for  he  never  attended  a  public 
meeting,  except  to  exercise  the  right  of  suffrage.  He  never 
wrote  a  paragraph  for  the  press ;  never  was  a  candidate,  suc- 
cessful or  unsuccessful,  for  office  ;  and  never,  that  I  am  aware 
of,  took  any  active  part  in  the  political  discussions  of  the  day ; 
at  least,  in  the  course  of  nearly  forty  years'  acquaintance 
with  him,  it  never  occurred  to  me  to  hear  him  express  an 
opinion  on  any  question  of  party  politics. 

Of  the  religious  opinions  of  Mr.  Dowse  I  have  no  personal 
knowledge.  I  have  reason  to  believe,  from  reliable  informa- 
tion, that  he  cherished  a  profound  traditionary  respect  for  the 
Christian  Revelation ;  and  that,  having  pursued  a  course  of 
manly  inquiry,  he  had  settled  down  upon  a  rational  faith  in 
those  prominent  doctrines  which  unite  the  assent  of  most> 
professing  Christians.  His  library  contained,  in  whole  or  in 
pari;,  the  works  of  Lord  Herbert  of  Cherbury,  of  Hobbes,  of 
Toland,  of  Chubb,  of  Tindal,  of  Mandeville,  of  Voltaire, 
and  of  Rousseau  :  but  it  also  contained  those  of  the  great 
theologians  of  the  English  Church,  —  of  Hooker,  Jeremy  Tay- 


102  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

lor,  Chillingworth,  Barrow,  Tillotson,  Clark,  Sherlock,  and 
Horsley ;  those  of  the  orthodox  dissenters,  Watts  and  Dod- 
dridge ;  those  of  Campbell  and  Blair ;  and  those  of  Lindsey, 
Priestley,  and  Wakefield.  Of  American  divines,  he  had  the 
writings  of  Chauncy ;  of  Freeman,  of  whom  he  was  a 
great  admirer ;  and  of  Buckminster ;  but  not  those  of  Jona- 
than Edwards,  Dwight,  or  Channing.  He  admired  the  Lit- 
urgy of  the  Church  of  England ;  and  it  was  in  presumed 
conformity  with  his  wishes  in  this  respect  that  the  solemn 
and  affecting  service  for  the  burial  of  the  dead  was  performed 
at  the  door  of  his  tomb,  amid  the  falling  leaves  of  Novem- 
ber. He  had  constantly  on  his  table,  during  the  latter  months 
of  his  life,  a  copy  of  the  Liturgy  compiled  a  few  years  since 
by  a  distinguished  layman  of  this  city,*  from  the  liturgies 
of  the  leading  branches  of  the  Christian  Church  ;  a  truly 
significant  expression  of  that  yearning  for  union,  which  is 
cherished,  as  I  think,  by  sincere  and  earnest  men  throughout 
Christendom.  I  am  inclined  to  the  opinion,  that,  without 
dogmatizing,  he  leaned  to  the  ancient  formularies  of  belief,  as 
they  were  received  by  the  liberal  clergy  of  the  last  quarter  of 
the  eighteenth  century  and  the  first  quarter  of  the  nine- 
teenth ;  not  following  opinion  to  the  extremes  to  which  it 
has  more  recently  been  carried.  I  believe  that  he  felt  de- 
voutly, speculated  modestly  and  sparingly,  and  aimed  to  give 
proof  of  Christian  principles  by  Christian  word  and  deed; 
covering  up  the  deep  things  of  religion  in  a  thick-woven  veil, 
of  which  awe  of  the  Infinite  was  the  warp,  humility  the 
woof,  love  the  Dright  tincture;  and  which  was  spangled  all 
over  with  the  golden  works  of  justice  and  mercy.  The  queen 
of  New  England's  rivers  flows  clear  and  strong  through  her 
fertile  meadows ;  the  vaporous  mists  of  morning  hang  over 
her  path :  but  the  golden  wealth  of  autumn  loads  her  banks 
and  attests  her  presence.  In  like  manner,  the  stream  of 
practical  piety  flowed  through  the  heart  and  conduct  of  our 
departed  friend;  but  the  fleecy  clouds  of  silent  reverence 
hovered  over  the  current,  and  a  firm  and  rational  faith  was 
principally  manifested,  not  in  sectarian  professions,  but  in  a 
chastened  temper,  a  pure  conversation,  and  an  upright  life. 
*  Hon.  David  Seat's. 


EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE.  103 

It  would  not,  I  think,  be  easy  to  find  another  instance  of 
a  person,  possessing  equal  means  of  acting  upon  society, 
who,  from  unaffected  diffidence,  impressed  himself  less  by 
outward  demonstration  on  the  public  mind.  As  his  fortune 
grew,  his  establishment  grew  with  it,  but  so  that  no  sudden 
expansion  arrested  the  attention  of  the  public.  His  library 
swelled  to  be  in  some  respects  the  most  remarkable  in  the 
neighborhood;  but  no  flourish  of  trumpets  proclaimed  its 
existence  or  its  increase.  He  kept  no  company,  he  joined  no 
clubs,  belonged  to  no  mutual-admiration  societies,  talked 
little,  wrote  less,  published  nothing.  At  length,  toward  the 
close  of  his  life,  and  when  no  selfish  end  could  be  promoted 
by  the  unavoidable  notoriety  of  the  act,  he  stepped  out  of 
the  charmed  circle  of  his  diffidence  to  make  a  very  significant 
public  demonstration  of  his  interior  sentiment;  not  by  the 
methods  which  most  win  the  gratitude  of  society,  or  what  is 
often  mistaken  for  it,  the  applause  of  public  bodies ;  not  by 
donations  to  public  institutions  or  fashionable  charities ;  but 
by  a  most  expressive  tribute  of  respect  to  the  honored,  the 
irresponsive  dead.  Franklin  had  always  been  one  of  his 
chief  favorites  among  the  great  men  of  America.  The  ex- 
ample of  the  poor  apprentice,  of  the  hard-working  journey- 
man printer,  who  rose  to  the  heights  of  usefulness  and  fame, 
had  often  cheered  the  humble  leather-dresser,  as  it  has  thou- 
sands of  others  similarly  situated,  in  the  solitary  and  friendless 
outset  of  his  own  career.  The  teachings  of  the  philosopher 
of  common  sense  had  found  a  clear  echo  in  his  practical 
understanding :  and  so,  at  the  close  of  his  life,  he  pronounced 
the  eulogy  of  the  great  man  whom  he  so  highly  honored  and 
warmly  appreciated;  not  in  the  fleeting  breath  of  well-bal- 
anced phrases,  but  in  monumental  granite.  Mr.  Dowse's 
eulogy  on  Franklin  was  pronounced  in  the  following  inscrip- 
tion, placed  upon  the  side  of  the  obelisk,  in  which  all  the 
prominent  points  in  the  character  of  the  great  man  to  whom 
it  is  consecrated  are  indicated  with  discrimination,  and 
nothing  appropriate  to  the  place  is  omitted  but  the  name  of 
the  venerable  and  modest  admirer,  by  whom  this  expensive 
and  abiding  tribute  of  respect  was  paid  :  — 


104  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

TO    THE    MEMORY 
OF 

BENJAMIN     FRANKLIN 

THE    PRINTER 

THE    PHILOSOPHER 

THE    STATESMAN 

THE    PATRIOT 

WHO 

BY    HIS    WISDOM 

BLESSED    HIS    COUNTRY    AND    HIS    AGE 

AND 

BEQUEATHED    TO    THE    WORLD 

AN    ILLUSTRIOUS    EXAMPLE 

OF 

INDUSTRY 

INTEGRITY 

AND 

SELF-CULTURE 

BORN    IN    BOSTON    MDCCVI 

DIED    IN    PHILADELPHIA    MDCCXC 

The  manner  in  which  Mr.  Dowse  proceeded  in  the  erection 
of  a  monument  to  Franklin  was  as  remarkable  as  the  act 
itself.  It  was  eminently  characteristic  of  the  man.  He 
raised  no  committee ;  levied  no  contributions  on  the  weary 
circle  of  impatient  subscribers,  who  murmur  while  they  give ; 
summoned  no  crowd  to  witness  the  laying  of  the  corner- 
stone ;  but,  in  the  solitude  of  his  library,  projected,  carried 
on,  completed,  and  paid  for  the  work.  With  the  exception 
of  the  urn  in  Franklin  Place,  —  a  matter  of  ornament  rather 
than  commemoration,  —  the  first  monument  raised  to  the 
immortal  printer,  philosopher,  and  statesman,  —  one  of  the 
brightest  names  of  his  age,  —  was  erected  by  the  leather- 
dresser  of  Cambridgeport.  Boston,  that  gave  him  birth ; 
Philadelphia,  that  holds  his   ashes ;  *    America,  that  boasts 

*  Since  this  discourse  was  delivered,  I  have  been  reminded  that  a  statue 
to  Franklin  was  procured  at  the  expense  of  the  distinguished  merchant, 
Mr.  William  Bingham,  of  that  city,  and  is  placed  in  front  of  the  Philadel- 
phia Library,  originally  founded  by  Franklin. 


EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE.  105 

him,  with  one  peerless  exception,  her  greatest  son ;  Europe, 
that  places  him  on  a  level  with  the  highest  names,  —  had 
reared  neither  column  nor  statue  to  Franklin;  when  within 
the  shades  of  Mount  Auburn,  and  by  the  side  of  his  own 
tomb,  a  substantial  granite  obelisk  was  erected  to  his  mem- 
ory by  Thomas  Dowse. 

One  more  duty  remained  to  be  performed;  and  I  know 
nothing  more  beautifully  heroic  in  private  character  than  the 
last  few  weeks  of  Mr.  Dovvse's  life.  For  a  long  course  of 
years,  he  seems  to  have  contemplated  no  other  destination 
for  his  books  than  that  which  awaits  the  majority  of  libraries 
at  home  and  abroad,  —  that  of  coming  to  the  hammer  on  the 
decease  of  their  proprietors.  Happily  for  us,  —  and  may  I 
not  add,  happily  for  him  while  he  yet  lived?  —  happily  for  his 
memory,  he  conceived  the  noble  idea  of  bestowing  it,  while 
he  lived,  on  a  public  institution.  By  an  act  of  calm  self-pos- 
session rarely  witnessed  so  near  the  falling  of  the  curtain,  he 
called  you,  sir  (Hon.  Robert  C.  Winthrop),  with  our  worthy 
associate,  Mr.  Livermore,  to  his  presence,  as  the  representa- 
tives of  our  Society ;  and  divesting  himself  in  our  favor  of 
what  had  been  his  most  valued  property,  —  the  occupation 
of  his  time,  the  ornament  of  his  existence,  —  in  which  he  had 
lived  his  life  and  breathed  his  soul,  transferred  it  to  the  Mas- 
sachusetts Historical  Society. 

The  disposition  of  the  remainder  of  his  property  was 
equally  characterized  by  generous  feeling  toward  his  natural 
kindred,  and  an  enlightened  regard  to  the  public.  Twenty- 
five  thousand  dollars  were  distributed  by  will  to  his  relations, 
in  equal  shares,  according  to  their  affinity,  which  in  no  case  was 
nearer  than  nephew  or  niece ;  forty-five  hundred  dollars  were 
given  in  special  bequests ;  and  the  residuum  of  his  estate  — 
above  forty  thousand  dollars  —  was  confided  to  his  executors, 
to  be  by  them  appropriated  to  charitable,  literary,  or  scientific 
uses.  I  may,  without  indelicacy,  venture  to  say,  that  they 
have,  in  my  judgment,  fulfilled  the  important  trust  with  sig- 
nal good  judgment  and  discretion.  His  beautiful  collection 
of  water-colors  has  been  appropriately  added  by  them  to  the 
gallery  of  the  Boston  Athenaeum.     A  conservatory  at  the  Bo- 


106  EULOGY    ON    THOMAS    DOWSE. 

tanic  Garden,  built  in  part  at  their  expense,  will  preserve  the 
memory  of  his  own  fondness  for  the  beauties  of  nature.  The 
public  clock,  procured  by  them  for  the  street  in  which  he 
lived,  and  the  chime  of  bells  in  the  not  distant  village,  toward 
the  expense  of  which  they  have  liberally  contributed,  will 
frequently  remind  his  fellow-citizens  of  the  remarkable  man 
who  has  left  behind  him  these  pleasing  mementos  of  his 
liberality.  The  Asylum  for  Aged  Indigent  Females  and  the 
Massachusetts  General  Hospital  (two  of  the  most  meritorious 
charities  in  Boston)  have  received  important  additions  to  their 
funds  from  the  same  source.  The  town  of  Sherborn,  where 
he  passed  his  youth  and  learned  his  trade,  will  possess,  in  the 
Dowse  High  School,  an  abiding  monument  to  his  memory ; 
while  his  immediate  fellow-citizens  and  neighbors,  in  the 
hopeful  institution  which  bears  his  name  in  Cambridgeport, 
are  destined,  I  doubt  not,  —  they,  and  their  children  to  a  far- 
distant  posterity,  —  to  enjoy  the  rich  fruits  of  his  energy,  per- 
severance, and  probity.  May  the  courses  of  instruction 
which  it  will  furnish  be  ever  sacred  to  the  cause  of  virtue  and 
truth ;  and  the  love  of  letters,  which  cheered  the  existence 
of  the  generous  founder,  be  nourished  by  the  provision  which 
is  thus  made  for  their  culture  ! 

You,  gentlemen  of  the  Historical  Society,  appreciated  the 
value,  you  felt  the  importance,  of  the  gift  of  his  library,  and 
received  it  as  a  sacred  trust.  You  have  consecrated  to  it  an 
apartment,  I  venture  to  say,  not  unworthy  a  collection  so 
curious  in  its  history,  so  precious  in  its  contents,  —  an  inner 
room  in  your  substantial  granite  building,  approached  through 
your  own  interesting  gallery  of  portraits  and  extremely  im- 
portant historical  library,  looking  out  from  its  windows  on 
the  hallowed  ground  where  the  pious  fathers  of  Boston  and 
Massachusetts  rest  in  peace.  There,  appropriately  arranged  in 
convenient  and  tasteful  cabinets  at  the  expense  of  his  execu- 
tors, and  by  their  liberality,  wisely  interpreting  and  carrying 
out  the  munificent  intentions  of  the  donor,  endowed  with  a 
fund  which  will  insure  that  permanent  supervision  and  care, 
without  which  the  best  library  soon  falls  into  decay,  it  will 
remain  to  the  end  of  time,  a  fxurjfia  as  well  as  a  Krrjfxa  ei?  aei>  — 


EULOGY  ON  THOMAS  DOWSE.  107 

a  noble  monument,  more  durable,  more  significant,  than  mar- 
ble or  brass,  —  to  his  pure  and  honored  memory.  There, 
with  the  sacred  repose  of  death  beneath  the  windows,  and  the 
living  repose  of  canonized  wisdom  around  the  walls,  the  well- 
chosen  volumes  —  the  solace  for  a  long  life  of  his  own  lonely, 
but,  through  them,  not  cheerless  hours  —  will  attract,  amuse, 
inform,  and  instruct  successive  generations.  There  his  be- 
nignant countenance  —  admirably  portrayed  by  the  skilful 
artist,  at  the  request  of  the  Society,  in  the  last  weeks  of  his 
life  —  will  continue  to  smile  upon  the  visitor  that  genial 
welcome,  which,  while  he  lived,  ever  made  the  coveted  access 
to  his  library  doubly  delightful.  There  the  silent  and  self- 
distrusting  man,  speaking  by  the  lips  of  all  the  wise  and 
famous  of  our  language,  assembled  by  his  taste  and  judg- 
ment on  the  shelves,  will  hold  converse  with  studious  and 
thoughtful  readers,  as  long  as  the  ear  drinks  in  the  music 
of  the  mighty  masters  of  the  English  tongue,  —  as  long  as 
the  mind  shall  hunger,  with  an  appetite  which  grows  with 
indulgence,  for  the  intellectual  food  which  never  satisfies  and 
never  cloys. 


FRANKLIN   THE   BOSTON  BOY* 


In  former  times,  and  before  the  ancient  town  of  Boston 
had  been  raised  to  the  dignity  of  a  city,  the  municipal  gov- 
ernment was  substantially  in  the  hands  of  the  whole  body 
of  the  people  assembled  in  town-meeting;  the  executive 
authority  alone  being  confided  to  a  chosen  board,  called  the 
selectmen,  though  on  what  principle  selected  was  not  always 
apparent.  These  meetings  were  opened  by  reading  the  war- 
rant under  which  they  were  held,  and  no  business  was  in 
order  to  be  transacted  that  was  not  set  forth  in  the  warrant. 
The  warrant  for  our  meeting  this  evening,  my  fellow-students, 
is  contained  in  the  following  extract  from  the  will  of  Benja- 
min Franklin  :  — 

"  I  was  born  in  Boston,  New  England,  and  owe  my  first  instructions  in 
literature  to  the  free  grammar  schools  established  there.  I  therefore  give  one 
hundred  pounds  sterling  to  my  executors,  to  be  by  them,  the  survivor  or  sur- 
vivors of  them,  paid  over  to  the  managers  or  directors  of  the  free  schools  in 
my  native  town  of  Boston,  to  be  by  them  or  those  persons  or  person  who 
shall  have  the  superintendence  and  management  of  the  said  schools  put  out 
to  interest,  and  so  continued  at  interest  forever;  which  interest  shall  annually 
be  laid  out  in  silver  medals,  and  given  as  honorary  rewards  annually,  by  the 
directors  of  the  said  free  schools,  for  the  encouragement  of  scholarship  in  the 
said  schools  belonging  to  the  said  town,  in  such  manner  as  to  the  discretion  of 
the  selectmen  of  the  said  town  shall  seem  convenient." 

This  is  the  warrant,  my  brethren,  under  which  we  are 
assembled.  Having  —  while  we  enjoyed  the  advantages  of 
the  free  public  schools  of  Boston,  to  which  Franklin  not  only 
owed,  as  he  tells  us,  "  his  first  instructions  in  literature,"  but 
all  the  school  education  which  he  ever  had  —  been  the  recipi- 

*  An  Address  delivered  before  the  Association  of  Franklin  Medal  Schol- 
ars, in  the  Music  Hall,  Boston,  19th  January,  1859. 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  109 

ents  of  the  medal  for  which  he  made  this  testamentary  pro- 
vision, we  entered  a  few  years  since,  on  occasion  of  the  in- 
auguration of  the  statue  of  Franklin,  on  the  spot  where  he 
went  to  school,  into  the  association  under  whose  auspices 
we  have  come  together  this  evening.  Its  objects  are  to 
strengthen  and  perpetuate  the  recollection  of  the  advantages 
which  we,  in  common  with  our  great  founder,  have  enjoyed 
at  the  free  grammar  schools  of  Boston;  to  cultivate  a  kind 
feeling  with  each  other,  as  fellow  beneficiaries  on  his  founda- 
tion ;  and  to  pay  some  united  tribute  of  regard  to  his  great 
and  honored  name.  It  is  this  last  purpose  which  has  called 
us  together  at  the  present  time.  We  are  met,  as  Franklin 
medallists,  to  contemplate  Franklin,  whose  interest  in  the 
schools  of  his  native  town  has  made  us  such,  in  his  capacity 
as  a  Boston  boy ;  not  to  attempt  a  survey  of  his  whole 
illustrious  career,  which  covers  so  large  a  portion  of  the  his- 
tory of  the  country ;  not  to  trace  him  from  his  native  Bos- 
ton to  his  adoptive  Philadelphia,  in  whose  annals  he  fills  so 
large  a  space  of  honor  and  usefulness  ;  not  to  comment  on 
his  sagacious  labors  and  brilliant  discoveries  in  the  fields  of 
natural  science  and  practical  philosophy ;  not  to  accompany 
him  on  his  arduous  and  honorable  agencies  in  Europe ;  nor 
to  follow  him  to  his  political  services  at  home  in  the  govern- 
ment of  Pennsylvania,  and  in  the  convention  which  adopted 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  These  great  topics, 
however  pertinent  to  a  eulogy  on  the  life  and  character  of 
Franklin,  seem  to  transcend  the  natural  limits  of  the  present 
occasion.  They  have  also,  to  a  considerable  degree,  been 
exhausted ;  in  Boston  by  the  extremely  appropriate  and  elo- 
quent address  which  was  pronounced  at  the  inauguration 
of  the  Franklin  statue  on  the  17th  of  September,  1856,  by 
our  respected  associate,  Mr.  Winthrop,  and  in  Philadel- 
phia by  the  admirable  discourse  delivered  before  the  Frank- 
lin Institute  of  that  city,  on  the  4th  of  December  in  the 
same  year,  by  Mr.  Henry  D.  Gilpin,  in  which  the  entire  career 
of  Franklin  is  treated  with  a  master's  hand.  It  would  be 
impossible  to  Avrite  a  comprehensive  eulogy  of  Franklin 
without  repeating  in  the  same  or  in  other  words,  which  would 


110  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

gain  nothing  by  the  change,  no  small  portion  of  the  contents 
of  these  most  interesting  and  instructive  discourses. 

Leaving,  then,  these  larger  contemplations  to  other  eulo- 
gists or  to  other  occasions,  it  is  the  Boston  boy  that  demands 
the  attention  this  evening  of  Boston  boys,  crowned  from  his 
bequest  with  the  first  rewards  of  effort ;  and  the  recollections 
of  his  ancestry,  of  his  birth,  his  boyhood,  his  apprenticeship, 
and  the  sensible  memorials  of  him  contained  in  our  city,  will 
form  the  topics  of  the  present  address. 

Let  us,  then,  first  visit  the  old  Granary  burying-ground  in 
Boston,  where  a  substantial  granite  obelisk  marks  the  last 
resting-place  of  the  parents  of  Benjamin  Franklin.  This 
ancient  cemetery,  now  in  the  centre  of  the  population  of  our 
city,  was  formerly  on  the  outskirts  of  the  inhabited  portions. 
Surrounded  now  by  the  Tremont  House,  the  Park  Street 
Church,  the  Boston  Athenaeum,  and  some  of  the  most  stately 
private  mansions  of  the  city  in  Park  Street  and  Beacon  Street, 
it  was  originally  open  on  the  southwest  to  the  Common, 
from  which  it  was  afterwards  separated  by  the  public  grana- 
ry, the  almshouse,  and  Bridewell,  —  names  which  sufficiently 
indicate  the  change  which  time  has  made  in  the  geography 
of  Boston,  since  the  days  when  Copp's  Hill  was  the  court 
end  of  the  town. 

The  front  of  this  fine  old  cemetery  is  shaded  by  a  row  of 
eleven  noble  English  elms,  planted  near  a  century  ago  by 
Major  Adino  Paddock  and  John  Ballard,  entitled  for  that  act 
to  the  blessings  of  posterity.  Their  roots  languished  in  time 
past  under  burning  flagstones  and  granite  pavements,  but 
have  of  late  been  made,  by  a  thoughtful  municipality,  to 
drink  in  the  gentle  dews  and  the  copious  showers  of  heaven. 
But  though  admirably  shaded  in  front  by  these  magnificent 
trees,  the  ancient  cemetery  was  still,  till  the  last  generation, 
neglected  and  bare.  Pious  hands,  within  that  period,  espe- 
cially those  of  our  late  respected  brother  medallist,  Mr.  Andrew 
Belknap,  have  wiped  away  this  reproach.  The  scarlet  maple, 
the  prim  and  sea-green  pencils  of  the  larch,  the  ruddy  clusters 
of  the  mountain-ash,  the  basswood,  the  pensive  willow,  now 
mingle  their  shadows  lovingly  over  the  great  and  good  of 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  Ill 

other  times.  Their  intermingling  branches  hide  from  the 
careless  passer-by  the  pilgrim  who  comes  to  explore  the  moss- 
covered  memorials  of  the  departed.  Nature's  little  choristers, 
unconscious  of  the  sleeping  dead,  tune  their  merry  songs  from 
their  unmolested  covert,  and  the  playful  squirrel  hides  his  store 
amidst  the  fragments  of  crumbling  gravestones. 

"  In  living  green, 
Cypress  and  stately  cedar  spread  their  shade 
O'er  unforgotten  graves,  scattering  in  air 
Their  grateful  odors." 

In  the  centre  of  this  ancient  cemetery  lie  the  ashes  of  Jo- 
siah  Franklin  and  Abiah  Folger  his  wife,  who  never  knew 
any  sickness  but  that  of  which  they  died,  —  he  in  1744,  at 
the  age  of  eighty-nine,  she  eight  years  later,  at  the  age  of 
eighty-five.  Being  on  a  visit  to  his  native  city  of  Boston  in 
17-34,  after  the  adjournment  of  the  Colonial  Congress,  which 
met  in  Albany  in  that  year  to  concert  a  plan  of  union  for 
the  Anglo-Saxon  Provinces,  in  which  body  he  bore  the 
leading  part,  Benjamin  Franklin  placed  a  marble  slab  over 
the  graves  of  his  parents.  It  bore  this  simple  inscription,  — 
a  volume  of  eulogy  in  a  dozen  lines  :  — 

JOSIAH    FRANKLIN 

AND 

ABIAH    HIS    WIFE 

LIE    HERE    INTERRED. 

THEY   LIVED   LOVINGLY  TOGETHER    IN   WEDLOCK 

FIFTY-FIVE   YEARS 

AND   WITHOUT   AN   ESTATE   OR   ANY   GAINFUL   EMPLOYMENT, 

BY   CONSTANT   LABOR   AND   HONEST   INDUSTRY 

(WITH  god's  BLESSING) 

MAINTAINED   A   LARGE   FAMILY   COMFORTABLY 

AND   BROUGHT   UP   THIRTEEN    CHILDREN    AND   SEVEN    GRANDCHILDREN 

REPUTABLY. 

FROM   THIS    INSTANCE,  READER, 

BE   ENCOURAGED  TO   DILIGENCE   IN   THY   CALLING, 

AND   DISTRUST    NOT   PROVIDENCE. 

HE   WAS   A   PIOUS   AND   PRUDENT   MAN, 

SHE  A   DISCREET   AND   VIRTUOUS   WOMAN 

THEIR   YOUNGEST   SON, 

IN    FILIAL   REGARD   TO   THEIR    MEMORY, 

PLACES   THIS   STONE. 

J.  F.  BORN    1655  ;    DIED    1744.      ALT.  89. 

A.  F.  BORN  X667  J   DIED   1752.      MT.  85. 


112  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

Sueh  was  the  inscription  placed  by  Benjamin  Franklin 
over  the  graves  of  his  parents.  Happy  the  son  permitted  thus 
to  bear  witness  to  those  who  gave  him  birth ;  happy  the  par- 
ents, thrice  happy,  thus  commemorated  by  such  a  son. 
The  marble  slab,  having  suffered  by  time  and  casualty,  a  solid 
granite  shaft  was  in  1827  erected  in  its  place,  on  which  the 
inscription  just  recited  has  been  copied  from  the  original 
stone,  the  fragments  of  which  were  buried  beneath  the  new 
monument. 

But  Josiah  Franklin,  though  buried  in  the  soil  of  New 
England,  is  not  a  native  of  it :  let  us  follow  him,  for  a  mo- 
ment, to  the  old  country.  And  here  we  are  met  at  the  out- 
set by  a  most  notable  and  imposing  coincidence.  In  the  very 
central  county  of  England,  Northamptonshire,  from  which 
the  waters  flow  to  the  east,  to  the  south,  and  to  the  west,* 
(the  latter  tributary  to  the  Avon),  within  thirty  miles  of  each 
other  lie  the  manor  of  Sulgrave  and  the  village  of  Ecton, 
the  former  for  three  centuries  the  seat  of  the  Washingtons, 
the  latter  for  the  same  period  the  seat  of  the  Franklins.  The 
Washingtons  belong  to  the  landed  gentry  ;  the  Franklins  have 
sustained  themselves  for  generations  on  a  farm  of  thirty  acres, 
uniting  the  handicraft  of  a  blacksmith  to  the  produce  of  their 
simple  husbandry.  In  both  families,  seated  but  thirty  miles 
apart,  but  entirely  strangers  to  each  other,  there  is,  in  the  mid- 
dle of  the  seventeenth  century,  a  disposition  to  seek  new  for- 
tunes beyond  the  sea.  In  1657,  Lawrence  Washington,  the 
ancestor  of  George  Washington,  emigrated  to  Virginia ;  in  a 
quarter  of  a  century  afterwards  Josiah  Franklin,  the  father 
of  Benjamin,  emigrated  to  Massachusetts.  The  histories  of 
England,  local  and  general,  the  geographies  and  gazetteers, 
are  filled  with  the  wars  of  the  Roses,  the  foundation  of 
churches,  the  dignities  of  the  great  houses  of  Northampton- 
shire, but  make  no  mention  of  the  fact,  that  from  one  vicinity 
in  this  favored  county,  descended  the  two  most  illustrious 
leaders  of  the  American  Revolution.  But  their  memory  is 
embalmed  on  every  volume  and  every  page  of  our  history,  on 
coins  and  medals,  on  postage-stamps,  in  the  designations  of 
*  Camden's  Britannia,  Vol.  II.  p.  266. 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  113 

innumerable  associations,  towns,  and  cities,  in  portraits  and 
statues,  in  the  names  of  hundreds  and  thousands  of  individ- 
uals, and  in  the  hearts  of  a  grateful  people,  throughout  the 
continent. 

Josiah  Franklin  was  born  at  Ecton  in  1655,  a  year  in 
which  Europe  was  ripening  towards  great  events.  Cromwell 
was  firmly  seated,  really  if  not  nominally,  on  the  throne  of 
England,  and  in  that  year,  under  Admiral  Blake,  sent  a  fleet 
into  the  Mediterranean,  —  the  first  which  had  entered  it  since 
the  crusades  ;  laid  Leghorn  and  Algiers  under  contribution, 
levelled  with  the  ground  the  castle  of  Tunis,  and,  having 
startled  Europe  by  the  terror  of  his  name  from  that  contempt 
of  England  into  which  the  Stuarts  had  plunged  her,  sent  a 
squadron  into  the  American  seas,  under  the  father  of  Wil- 
liam Penn,  and  wrested  Jamaica  from  the  Spaniards.  Josiah 
Franklin,  though  in  the  humbler  walks  of  life,  grew  up  with 
the  strong  qualities  of  character  which  suited  the  stirring  and 
critical  times.  Benjamin's  description  of  him  is  the  sweetest 
page  in  his  autobiography.  The  family  had  adhered  to  Protes- 
tantism in  the  days  of  Philip  and  Mary,  and  Josiah  adhered 
to  nonconformity  when  two  thousand  pastors  of  that  faith 
were  ejected  from  their  churches  in  one  day.  Hopeless  of 
toleration  at  home,  their  places  of  worship  closed  by  the  min- 
isters of  the  law,  led  by  an  invisible  guidance,  about  the 
year  1685  he  bade  farewell  to  his  pleasant  native  land,  to  the 
green  fields  and  gentle  streams  of  Northamptonshire,  and 
with  a  wife  and  three  children  emigrated  to  New  England. 
Four  children  of  the  first  marriage  and  ten  of  the  second 
marriage  with  an  American  wife  were  added  to  the  pa- 
triarchal flock,  among  them  Benjamin,  the  youngest  of  ten 
sons,  and,  with  the  exception  of  two  daughters,  the  youngest 
of  seventeen  children. 

I  hold  in  my  hand  a  curious  and  interesting  memorial  of 
the  English  home  of  the  Franklins,  —  the  record  for  more 
than  half  a  century  of  the  small  tithes  of  the  parish  of  Ecton 
in  Northamptonshire,  covering  the  period  of  Josiah's  residence 
in  his  native  land.  Having  fallen  into  the  hands  of  Mr. 
Thomas  Carlyle  a  few  years  ago,  it  was  by  him  confided  to 

VOL.  IV.  8 


114  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

me,  and  is  now  the  property  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical 
Society.  It  makes  frequent  mention  of  the  grandfather  of 
Benjamin  Franklin  and  other  members  of  his  family,  black- 
smiths in  the  village  of  Ecton.  "  Here  they  are,"  says  Mr. 
Carlyle,  in  the  letter  accompanying  the  donation,  "  their  forge 
-hammers  still  going,  renting  so  many  yard  lands  of  North- 
amptonshire church  soil,  keeping  so  many  sheep,  &c,  &c, 
unconscious  that  one  of  the  demigods  was  about  to  proceed 
out  of  them."  When  the  first  entries  in  this  volume  were 
penned,  all  British  America  did  not  contain  a  hundred  thousand 
inhabitants.  I  cannot  but  regard  it  as  a  pleasing  coincidence, 
that  this  curious  memento  of  the  Franklins  should  have  found 
its  way,  at  this  late  period,  from  the  ancient  seat  of  the  fam- 
ily in  Northamptonshire  to  the  distant  American  birthplace 
of  that  unforeseen  "  demigod,"  and  should  now  be  produced 
to  adorn  the  celebration  of  his  birthday.* 

But  we  have  lingered  too  long  at  the  graves  of  the  parents 
of  Franklin  in  the  old  Granary  Burying-ground  ;  let  us  now 
repair  to  the  spot  in  Milk  Street,  where,  on  the  6th  of  Jan- 
uary, old  style,  corresponding  with  the  17th  of  the  modern 
calendar,  Benjamin  was  born  one  hundred  and  fifty-three 
years  ago  this  day,  and  carried  to  be  christened  on  the  same 
day  to  the  Old  South  Church.  Many  of  you,  brethren,  well 
remember  the  humble  wooden  building  in  which  he  first  saw 
the  light,  —  humble  even  for  that  day  of  frugal  things  and 
the  narrow  circumstances  of  his  family.  It  was  destroyed 
by  fire  in  1810.  Here  his  father,  who  had  brought  the  trade 
of  a  silk-dyer  from  England,  but  found  little  custom  in  that 
occupation  in  plain-dressing  New  England,  adopted  that  of  a 
tallow-chandler  and  soapboiler  instead,  and  hung  out,  in  1698, 
the  blue  ball  which  symbolized  a  cake  of  soap,  and  which 
we  all  remember,  till  within  a  few  weeks,  at  the  corner  of 
Hanover  and  Union  Streets.  The  substantial  granite  build- 
ing which  occupies  the  spot  on  which  Benjamin  Franklin 
was  born,  and  which  bears  on  its  front,  in  bold  relief,  the 
record  of  that  fact,  will  constitute  a  permanent  memorial  of 

*  See  the  subject  of  the  Ecton  Tithes-Book  at  greater  length  in  Vol.  III. 
p.  482  of  this  work. 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  115 

the  event,  which  will  gain  new  interest  with  the  lapse  of 
time,  as  successive  generations  shall  furnish,  in  the  growth 
of  the  country,  new  proofs  of  the  sagacity,  the  fortitude,  and 
the  courage  of  those  who  influenced  its  early  fortunes  and 
paved  the  way  to  its  future  greatness. 

\  Here,  then,  Benjamin  Franklin  was  born,  —  one  of  the  lead- 
ing spirits  of  the  country,  one  of  the  master  minds  of  the  race. 
The  hour  has  come  for  the  appearance  of  a  great  character, — 
the  age  is  ripe  for  his  advent,  —  a  stage  is  erected  in  the  sight 
of  the  civilized  world  for  his  momentous  part.     He  is  born 
beneath  a  lowly  roof,  and  of  humble  parentage,  —  but  to  a 
marvellous   career   and  an  undying  fame.     It  was  a  year  of 
great  events,  political  and  military,  in  every  part  of  Europe. 
In  Great  Britain  a  long-projected  and  most  important  con- 
stitutional  arrangement  was  consummated,  in  the  union  of 
England  and  Scotland,  —  an  event  of  the  deepest  interest  in 
itself,  and  so  regarded  at  the  very  extremities  of  the  British 
empire.      Here,   in  our  little   provincial    metropolis,   on   the 
other  side  of  the    Atlantic,  —  a  town   at  that  time  of  ten  or 
twelve  thousand  inhabitants,  —  the  union   of  England   and 
Scotland  in  one  kingdom,  and  the  settlement  of  the  crown 
in  the  person  and  family  of  the  Electress  Sophia  of  Hanover, 
were  deemed  of  so  much  importance,  that  the  two  streets   at 
whose  corner  Josiah   Franklin  established  himself  when  he 
removed  from   Milk  Street  were   called   Union  and  Hanover 
Streets.     On  the  continent  of  Europe  the  year  1706  was  fatal 
to  the  pride  and  ambition  of  Louis  XIV.     His  armies  and 
those   of  his  allies  were  defeated   at  Ramillies  by   Marlbor- 
ough ;   in   Piedmont  by   Prince   Eugene  ;  in    Spain  by  Lord 
Gahvay; — Charles  XII.  of  Sweden  penetrated   to  Dresden; 
a  Portuguese   and  English   army  occupied  Madrid  ;  and  on 
this  continent  a  formidable  expedition  of  French  and  Span- 
iards against  Charleston,  South  Carolina,  —  then  claimed  by 
the  Spaniards  as  belonging  to  Florida,  —  was  repelled  with 
signal   valor  and   energy  by   the  Colonial    authorities.     But 
while  the  civilized  world  was  stirring  with  these  momentous 
agitations,  and  its  principal  kingdoms  were  ablaze  with  war, 
the  birth  of  a  child  on  the  17th  of  January,  beneath  an  hum- 


116  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

ble  roof  in  this  provincial  town,  one  hundred  and  fifty-three 
years  ago  this  day,  was,  in  its  connection  with  the  pro- 
gress of  physical  science,  of  practical  philosophy,  of  constitu- 
tional freedom,  and  of  American  independence,  an  event  of 
higher  interest  than  any  I  have  recorded.  It  is  surely  not 
extravagant  to  say,  that  the  union  of  England  with  Scotland, 
like  the  union  with  Ireland,  might  have  been  delayed  another 
century,  and  Marlborough  and  Eugene  might  have  been  de- 
feated in  Flanders  and  Piedmont,  with  less  momentous  results 
to  the  great  interests  of  humanity,  than  that  Benjamin  Frank- 
lin should  not  have  been  born. 

I  hold  in  my  hand  the  record  of  his  baptism  on  the  day 
of  his  birth ;  and  the  rolls  of  Parliament  and  the  archives 
of  state  may  be  searched  in  vain,  in  Europe  and  America,  in 
that  year,  for  another  record  of  equal  importance.  It  stands 
in  antiquated  characters  on  the  discolored  page  of  the  old 
parish  register,  undistinguished  among  the  sons  and  daugh- 
ters of  the  ancient  church,  who  ran  their  humble  round,  and 
passed  unremembered  away.  There  he  stands,  the  youngest 
born  of  the  sons  of  his  father's  patriarchal  house,  whose 
names  flit  before  Benjamin's  on  the  list,  unknown  to  fame, 
in  dim  procession,  till  he  the  chosen,  he  the  unconsciously 
appointed,  comes ;  the  "  expectancy  and  rose  of  the  fair 
state  "  ;  one  of  the  glories  of  the  land  and  of  the  age,  like  the 
last  of  the  shadowy  kings  in  the  weird  vision  ;  the  twofold 
balls  of  nature  and  science  in  his  hand;  the  triple  wreath 
of  Philosopher,  Patriot,  and  Statesman  on  his  kingly  brow. 
No  royal  salvos  from  feudal  towers,  no  sweetly  clangorous 
chimes  from  mediaeval  belfries  proclaim  his  birth.  Poverty 
sings  her  patient  lullabies  over  his  cradle ;  Labor  clasps  him 
to  her  austere  but  healthful  bosom  ;  the  art  of  arts  clothes  his 
hand  with  her  cunning ;  the  hearts  of  the  people  melt  like 
water  at  the  homely  teachings  of  Poor  Richard ;  anon  the 
wise  of  the  earth  learn  new  wisdom  from  his  lips  ;  the  forked 
lightnings  at  length  admit  him  to  their  secret  pavilion  in  the 
bellowing  clouds  ;  and  in  the  end,  humbled  monarchs  give 
up  the  map  of  their  dominions,  to  be  rent  asunder  at  his  bid- 
ding ! 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  117 

From  Milk  Street,  then,  we  proceed  to  the  spot  to  which, 
not  long  after  Benjamin's  birth,  but  how  soon  is  not  known, 
his  father  removed  his  establishment,  —  the  corner  of  the  two 
streets,  Union  and  Hanover,  in  whose  names,  as  we  have 
seen,  the  great  political  event  in  the  British  empire  for  1706 
was  commemorated  by  the  observant  loyalty  of  our  forefa- 
thers. Here  Josiah  Franklin  resumed  the  humble  industry 
commenced  at  his  former  place  of  business,  and  symbolized, 
as  I  have  stated,  by  the  ball  which  still  bears  his  name,  and 
has  been  taken  down  within  the  last  few  weeks.  Here  began 
to  beat  the  first  youthful  pulsations  of  that  ardent  frame  ; 
the  first  aspirings  of  that  sanguine,  inventive,  and  courageous, 
but  practical,  discreet,  and  wary  temper  in  the  hopeful  son. 
In  what  year  the  wooden  dwelling  to  which  Josiah  Franklin 
removed  gave  way  to  the  brick  building  which  has  just  been 
taken  down  we  do  not  know,  nor,  consequently,  whether  the 
latter  was  ever  inhabited  by  Benjamin  ;  but  it  was  on  this 
spot  that  he  passed  his  early  years.  Here,  in  his  own  lan- 
guage, while  yet  in  his  infancy,  he  showed  his  passionate 
fondness  for  books,  —  here  that  he  took  the  lead,  self-elected 
and  willingly  obeyed,  in  the  sports  and  mischiefs  of  his  fel- 
lows, —  here  that  he  received  his  two  years'  schooling,  —  here 
that  he  wrought  two  years  at  his  father's  uninviting  trade,  — 
here  that  he  began  to  sit  up  half  the  night  in  the  lonely  attic, 
reading  his  father's  books  on  polemic  divinity,  Plutarch's 
Lives,  Defoe's  Essay  on  Projects,  and  Cotton  Mather's  Es- 
say to  do  Good, —  here  that,  the  other  trades  having  been 
surveyed  and  rejected,  he  was  apprenticed,  at  twelve  years  of 
age,  to  his  brother  James  the  printer,  —  here  that  he  made  his 
first  secret  efforts  at  composition,  setting  up  himself  the  types 
of  the  anonymous  boyish  essays,  which  he  thrust  at  night 
under  the  door  of  the  office,  and  which  were  accepted  by 
James  for  insertion  in  the  paper,  —  here  that,  amidst  folios, 
of  controversial  theology,  an  odd  volume  of  the  Spectator 
fell  in  his  way,  like  a  palm-tree  drifted  from  the  tropics  to  the 
Arctic  Circle,  and  guided  him  in  the  formation  of  his  trans- 
parent English  style,  —  here  that  he  preluded  that  memora- 
ble scene  before  the  English  Privy  Council,  when  summoned 


118  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

as  a  witness  before  the  Council  of  the  Province,  irritated  at 
some  trifling  sarcasm  in  the  newspaper,  —  here  that  he  wan- 
dered unhappily  from  the  paths  of  free  inquiry  into  the  wilds 
of  scepticism,  —  here,  in  fine,  that  the  injustice  and  severity 
of  his  brother  drove  him,  at  the  age  of  seventeen,  into  volun- 
tary exile  from  his  home.  On  this  spot,  and  within  these  few 
years,  was  comprised  all  the  preparation  of  Benjamin  Frank- 
lin, scholastic  and  practical,  for  active  life.  It  consisted  of  a 
wide  range  of  youthful  reading,  some  of  it  no  doubt  directly 
influencing  his  subsequent  career ;  a  comely  and  legible 
handwriting,  to  which  he  justly  attached  great  importance ; 
moderate  arithmetical  skill,  temperate  and  industrious  habits, 
a  mastery  of  the  printer's  art,  an  indomitable  thirst  for  books,  a 
turn  for  economy  and  thrift,  —  an  aptitude  for  mechanical  con- 
trivance,—  a  spirit  of  adventure  bordering  on  recklessness, — 
and  a  youthful  self-reliance  approaching  audacity.  The  scene 
of  these  boyish  attainments,  essays,  and  aspirations  has  been 
greatly  changed  in  the  lapse  of  time ;  the  public  highway 
has,  within  a  few  weeks,  been  carried  over  the  spot  where 
Josiah  Franklin  gathered  his  sons  and  daughters  round  the 
still-preserved  hearthstone;  but  the  memories  which  cluster 
round  it,  the  influences  which  issued  from  it,  are  interwoven 
with  the  inmost  life,  not  only  of  the  American  Union,  but  of 
the  eighteenth  century. 

But  Benjamin  is  now  eight  years  old.  His  father  rejoices 
in  the  rare  promise  of  his  hopeful  boy,  and,  as  "  the  tithe  of 
his  sons,"  proposes  to  dedicate  him  to  the  Church.  He  is 
accordingly  sent  to  the  grammar  school,  kept  in  an  humble 
wooden  building  on  the  north  side  of  what  is  still  called 
School  Street.  Venerable  Master  Cheever,  the  patriarch  of 
New  England  schoolmasters,  who  followed  that  most  honora- 
ble, but  rather  thankless  occupation  seventy  years,  had  just 
whipped  his  last  boy,  and  gone  to  his  rest  at  the  age  of  nine- 
ty-four ;  and  the  Rev.  Nathaniel  Williams,  whom  Franklin 
in  his  autobiography  does  not  name,  has  taken  his  place. 
Little  Benjamin  enters  the  middle  of  the  lowest  class,  and 
before  the  end  of  the  year  leaps  from  that  to  the  head  of  the 
next  highest  class;  doing,  as  he  always  did,  the  work  of  two 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  119 

years  in  one.  But  his  father  suddenly  changed  his  plans. 
Yielding  to  the  pressure  of  straitened  means  and  misgiv- 
ings as  to  the  prosperity  of  professional  life,  before  the  end 
of  the  year  he  took  Benjamin  from  his  Greek  and  Latin,  and 
sent  him,  to  learn  to  write  and  cipher  as  a  preparation  for  a 
trade,  to  another  school.  It  was  kept  by  Master  George 
Brownwell,  then,  says  Benjamin,  in  the  memoir  of  himself, 
"  a  famous  man."  Of  all  his  contemporary  renown  nothing 
is  left  but  these  three  words,  in  his  poor  little  pupil's  nine- 
years-old  autobiography ;  but  these  three  little  words,  such  is 
the  embalming  power  of  genius,  will  forever  perpetuate  the 
humble  fame  they  record,  which  else  had  perished  with,  honest 
George  Brownwell.  "  He  was  a  skilful  master,"  says  Benja- 
min, "  and  successful  in  his  profession,  employing  the  mildest 
and  most  encouraging  methods.  Under  him  I  learned  to 
write  a  good  hand  pretty  soon,  but  I  failed  entirely  in  arith- 
metic" ;  rather  a  serious  deduction  to  be  made  from  the  credit 
kindly  given  to  famous  Master  George  Brownwell  as  a  skilful 
instructed  The  teacher  who  could  not  carry  Benjamin  Frank- 
lin, at  the  age  of  ten,  through  the  multiplication-table  was, 
I  rather  think,  no  great  Solomon  himself.  At  ten  years  old 
Benjamin  was  taken  home  to  be  his  father's  errand-boy  ;  and 
thus  ended  his  school  education. 

Such  were  the  "  first  instructions  in  literature  "  to  which,  at 
the  close  of  his  long  and  eventful  life,  overlooking  all  the 
intermediate  incidents  of  his  illustrious  career,  his  memory 
went  back  with  filial  tenderness  and  gratitude,  requiting  the 
two  years'  schooling  with  a  bequest  which  will  connect  the 
name  of  Franklin  with  the  schools  of  Boston  to  the  end  of 
time. 

I  am  aware  of  the  doubts  which  have  been  lately  started 
whether  the  annual  distribution  of  medals  in  our  schools,  so 
far  from  being  a  wise  and  beneficent  measure,  is  not  a  per- 
nicious practice  which  ought  to  be  abandoned  ;  and  conse- 
quently, I  suppose,  whether  we  ought  not  to  consider  Frank- 
lin's bequest  as  at  best  a  well-meant  but  injudicious  pro- 
vision, and  ourselves,  as  the  recipients  of  his  medal,  not  so 
much  beneficiaries  as  victims. 


120  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

Sincerely  respecting  the  scruples  on  this  subject  which 
have  recently  found  utterance  from  the  most  estimable  and 
respectable  sources,  I  must  own  myself  not  convinced  that 
it  is  possible  advantageously  to  dispense  in  our  schools  with 
that  influence  of  a  conscientiously  administered  system  of 
honorary  rewards  which  has  taken  the  place  of  the  brutal- 
izing discipline  of  former  days.  The  main  objections  I  un- 
derstand to  be,  that  very  sensitive  youthful  natures  are  some- 
times painfully  and  dangerously  stimulated  by  the  desire  to 
obtain  the  much-coveted  honor,  and  that  on  the  part  of  other 
dispositions  emulation  sometimes  grows  into  ungenerous 
and  hateful  rivalry.  This  may  be  true  on  both  sides  ;  but 
the  number  of  over-sensitive  natures  is  not  great ;  they  form 
the  exception,  and  ought  not  to  give  the  rule  ;  and  if  com- 
petition sometimes  degenerates  into  envious  and  malignant 
rivalry,  it  is  quite  as  often  accompanied  —  and  human  life 
presents  no  lovelier  spectacle  —  with  a  generous  and  affec- 
tionate recognition  of  a  rival's  merits.  If  the  medal,  in  some 
few  cases,  unduly  stimulates  a  very  sensitive  organization,  so 
does  every  other  influence  or  motive  which  can  operate  on 
the  human  mind.  If,  in  some  cases,  the  earnestly  desired 
reward  is  the  cause  of  envious  repinings  on  the  part  of  the 
unsuccessful  competitor,  so  is  every  other  testimonial  of  suc- 
cess, nay,  every  manifestation  of  superiority,  however  uncon- 
sciously made  on  the  part  of  a  rival. 

All  educators,  I  believe,  are  agreed,  that,  for  the  majority 
of  children  (and  I  do  not  speak  of  exceptional  cases),  social 
education,  that  is,  education  in  schools  and  with  their  fellows, 
is  far  better  than  solitary  instruction  at  home,  not  merely  with 
reference  to  progress  in  scholarship,  but  for  the  discipline  of  the 
temper  and  the  formation  of  character.  And  yet  the  instruc- 
tion given  by  a  competent  teacher  to  one  or  two  pupils  at 
home  must  be  greatly  more  thorough  than  that  of  an  instruc- 
ter  whose  time  and  attention  are  divided  between  fifty  or  sixty. 
The  security  for  morals  beneath  the  parental  roof  must,  in 
most  cases,  be  far  greater  than  in  the  best  schools.  Why, 
then,  do  we  send  our  children  where  they  will  be  not  so  well 
taught,  and  more  exposed  ?     We  do  it  because,  under  the 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  121 

stimulus  of  self-exerting  emulation,  though  they  may  be 
taught  less,  they  will  learn  more ;  and  because  we  wish  to 
put  them  gradually,  and  for  that  reason  betimes,  into  the 
great  school  of  life.  You  wish  to  habituate  them,  by  gentle 
approaches,  to  the  mutual  influences,  the  companions,  the 
emulations,  the  collisions,  the  successes,  and  defeats  of  riper 
years.  The  competition,  in  which  he  engages  for  the  medal, 
is  the  type  of  that  which  awaits  an  emulous  nature  in  after 
life.  If  the  youth  has  never  been  taught  to  bear  his  own 
success  without  self-conceit  at  school,  he  will  not  bear  it 
without  arrogance  in  society.  Still  more,  if  he  has  not 
learned  to  bear  the  success  of  a  rival  without  repining,  when 
the  race  is  run  under  an  efficient  and  responsible  supervision, 
and  the  prize  fairly  assigned  to  ascertained  superiority,  how 
is  he  to  stand  the  stern  competitions  of  professional,  and  still 
more  political  life,  in  which  the  honors,  at  best,  are  bestowed 
with  a  scornful  disregard  to  the  feelings  of  the  unsuccessful, 
and  when  too  often  audacity,  intrigue,  and  base  compliance 
carry  off  the  rewards  for  which  modest  merit  and  solid  worth 
have  toiled  through  life  in  vain  ? 

That  no  improvement  can  be  made  in  the  administration 
of  the  system,  especially  by  bestowing  one  or  two  medals, 
not  on  absolute  superiority  in  scholarship,  but  on  those  who 
have  made  the  greatest  relative  improvement,  and  still  more 
on  those  most  distinguished  for  good  conduct  and  an  amiable 
temper,  I  would  by  no  means  deny  ;  but  that  it  is  possible 
successfully  to  conduct  large  schools  without  sensible  rewards 
I  cannot  believe  ;  and  I  regard  the  attempt  to  do  it  as  a 
hopeless  warfare  against  principles  deep-seated  in  the  heart 
of  man. 

"  Naturam  expellas  furca,  tamen  usque  recurret." 

Such,  at  all  events,  was  the  opinion  of  Benjamin  Franklin, 
who,  acting  under  the  influence  of  a  life-long  experience, 
seldom  surpassed  for  variety  and  richness,  and  desirous  of 
making  a  practical  return  for  the  advantages  which  he  had 
enjoyed  at  the  free  schools  of  his  native  town,  made  that 
provision  for  the  annual  distribution   of    medals    "  for    the 


122  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

encouragement  of  scholarship  in  the  said  schools,"  which 
has  been  adopted,  perpetuated,  and  enlarged  by  every  mu- 
nicipal government  for  more  than  sixty  years,  and  will,  I 
trust,  never  be  abandoned. 

The  humble  wooden  building  in  which  Franklin  received 
the  rudiments  of  an  education  has  long  since  disappeared, 
but  the  spot  where  it  stood  was  fitly  chosen  for  the  first 
monumental  statue  erected  by  any  public  body  to  his  mem- 
ory. On  the  17th  of  September,  1856,  in  the  presence  of 
an  uncounted  multitude  of  all  the  professions,  trades,  and 
classes  of  the  citizens  of  Boston,  exhibiting  in  lengthened 
array  the  symbols,  instruments,  and  machinery  of  their  sev- 
eral pursuits,  this  admirable  work  of  a  youthful  American  artist 
was,  with  appropriate  and  interesting  ceremonies,  and  in  a 
strain  of  surpassing  eloquence,  dedicated  by  our  honored 
brother  medallist,  Robert  C.  Winthrop,  to  the  immortal  mem- 
ory of  Franklin.  As  I  witnessed  that  day's  work,  —  as  I 
called  to  mind  the  poor  tallow-chandler's  boy,  eight  years  of 
age,  even  then  craving  knowledge  with  a  hunger  that  could 
not  be  appeased,  tantalized  with  the  hope  of  a  liberal  educa- 
tion only  to  have  it  blasted  before  the  end  of  the  year;  — 
called  home  from  school  at  ten  to  cut  wicks  and  cast  mould- 
candles; —  bound  as  an  apprentice  at  twelve  to  a  harsh  and 
unreasonable  brother;  —  driven  by  his  severity  and  injustice 
into  exile  at  seventeen;  —  as  with  a  memory  filled  with  these 
thoughts,  and  with  the  later  and  sterner  struggles  of  his  life, 
I  looked  round  on  that  vast  multitude  from  Boston  and  the 
neighboring  country,  crowding  the  spacious  square,  the  broad 
street,  the  windows,  the  very  tops  of  the  surrounding  houses, 
assembled  to  unite  in  this  work  of  pious  commemoration,  — 
as  I  listened  to  the  most  persuasive  and  eloquent  voice  of  our 
friend,  giving  utterance,  in  a  noble  strain  of  well-deserved 
eulogy,  to  the  grateful  admiration  of  that  mighty  sympathizing 
concourse,  —  and  as  I  saw  at  last  the  beloved  flag  of  United 
America,  which  he  did  so  much  to  paint  with  its  stripes  and 
spangle  with  its  stars,  withdrawn  from  the  statue  of  the 
great  Mechanic,  Statesman,  Patriot,  and  Sage,  and  the  speak- 
ing bronze    displayed  in   severe   and  tranquil    majesty,  and 


FBANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  123 

hailed  with  a  shout  that  went  up  to  the  heavens  from  the 
spot  where  he  received  his  poor  little  year's  schooling,  my 
heart  melted  within  me,  and  I  rejoiced  in  the  pathetic  demon- 
stration, that,  when  the  trials  and  the  hardships,  the  feuds  and 
the  jealousies,  the  unsparing  calumnies  and  the  revilings, 
the  hatreds  without  cause  and  the  envyings  with  cause, 
which  pursue  the  eminent  through  life,  are  rebuked  by  death, 
and  appeased  by  time,  there  comes  at  last  an  hour  that  pays 
the  debt  of  a  century,  and  bestows  even  on  earth  an  immor- 
tality of  honest  fame. 

I  have  called  this  monument  the  first  erected  to  the  mem- 
ory of  Franklin  by  any  of  the  public  bodies,  —  the  states,  the 
cities,  the  patriotic  associations  of  the  country ;  they  had 
all  been  anticipated  in  the  pious  work  of  commemoration  by 
a  private  individual  to  whose  modest  worth,  in  connection 
with  the  name  of  Franklin,  you  will  not  think  a  passing 
meed  unfitly  paid,  —  Thomas  Dowse,  the  leather-dresser  of 
Cambridgeport.  This  remarkable  man  was  himself  possessed 
of  some  of  the  sterling  qualities  of  Franklin's  character, — 
the  same  temperance,  frugality,  perseverance  ;  the  same  in- 
satiable love  of  books  and  resolute  cultivation  of  intellectual 
tastes  in  an  humble  round  of  mechanical  labor.  Prevented 
by  invincible  diffidence,  increased  by  a  severe  physical  infirm- 
ity, from  emerging  like  Franklin  into  a  sphere  of  public  use- 
fulness and  fame,  he  pursued  through  life  the  noiseless  and 
unambitious  tenor  of  his  way,  unknown  to  the  great  public, 
scarcely  known  to  the  community  in  which  he  lived.  It  was 
only  toward  the  close  of  his  days  that  he  stepped  out  of  the 
charmed  circle,  which  shrinking  modesty  drew  around  him, 
to  express,  in  the  most  significant  and  imposing  form,  his 
veneration  for  the  character  of  Franklin.  The  example  of 
the  poor  boy,  whose  schooling  ended  at  ten  ;  of  the  hard- 
working printer's  apprentice,  who  rose  to  be  the  instructer 
of  the  age  in  which  he  lived,  cheered  the  humble  leather- 
dresser,  as  it  has  thousands  of  others  similarly  situated,  in 
the  outset  of  his  solitary  and  friendless  career.  Sheltered  by 
fourscore  years  from  all  suspicion  of  selfish  ends  to  be  pro- 
moted by  the  unavoidable  notoriety  of  the  act,  he  determined 


124  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

before  he  left  the  world  to  proclaim  his  admiration  for  Frank- 
lin, not  in  the  fleeting  breath  of  public  eulogy,  but  in  monu- 
mental granite.  His  mode  of  executing  this  purpose  was 
characteristic  of  the  man.  He  consulted  no  friends ;  he 
raised  no  committee ;  he  levied  no  tax  on  reluctant  sub- 
scribers, who  murmur  while  they  give ;  he  summoned  no 
curious  or  sympathetic  crowd  to  witness  the  laying  of  the 
corner-stone.  In  the  solitude  of  his  library  he  conceived,  he 
planned,  he  executed,  and  he  paid  for  the  work.  The  first 
monument  raised  to  the  immortal  printer,  philosopher,  and 
statesman  —  one  of  the  brightest  names  of  his  age  —  was 
left  to  be  erected  by  the  leather-dresser  of  Cambridgeport. 
Boston,  that  gave  him  birth ;  Philadelphia,  that  holds  his 
ashes  ;  America,  that  boasts  him,  with  one  peerless  excep- 
tion, her  noblest  son ;  Europe,  that  places  him  on  an  equal- 
ity with  her  own  most  honored  names,  —  had  reared  neither 
column  nor  statue  to  Franklin,  when,  within  the  shades  of 
Mount  Auburn,  by  the  side  of  his  own  tomb,  a  stately  and 
graceful  obelisk  of  granite  was  erected  to  his  memory  by 
Thomas  Dowse. 

But  there  is  one  more  spot  which  we  must  visit  in  Boston, 
—  a  most  important  locality  in  the  early  life  of  Franklin, — 
the  corner  of  Court  Street  (Queen  Street  as  it  was  called  in 
that  gush  of  Whig  loyally  to  which  I  have  already  referred) 
and  Franklin  Avenue.  Here  was  the  printing-office  where 
Franklin  learned  his  trade.  The  boy  has  reached  the  age  of 
twelve  years,  the  last  two  of  which  he  has  passed  discontent- 
edly in  his  father's  chandlery.  Disgusted  with  this  business, 
but  fearful  that  he  shall  be  compelled  to  follow  it  for  a  per- 
manence, in  consequence  of  his  brother  John,  who  had  been 
bred  to  the  work,  having  left  his  father  and  gone  to  Rhode 
Island,  Benjamin  begins,  to  use  his  own  expression,  to  show 
a  "  hankering "  for  a  sailor's  life.  His  brother  Josiah  had 
done  it  before  him,  and  was  lost  in  a  shipwreck  three  years 
before.  The  fond  father  naturally  recoils  from  exposing  his 
youthful  hope,  the  Benjamin  of  his  flock,  to  the  same  hard 
and  precarious  career.  To  divert  him  from  this  intention  all 
the  other   handicrafts  —  joiners,  bricklayers,  turners,  braziers, 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  125 

cutlers  —  were  passed  in  review.  Much  useful  information  is 
picked  up  by  the  observant  boy  on  his  rounds  ;  he  acquires  a 
knowledge  of  tools,  and  a  skill  in  handling  them  which 
stands  him  in  stead  through  life  ;  and  it  was  decided,  at 
length,  that  he  should  be  apprenticed  to  his  Cousin  Samuel, 
who  had  just  come  over  from  London,  and  set  up  in  business 
in  the  last-named  trade,  —  the  cutler's.  With  him  according- 
ly he  was  placed  on  trial  for  a  few  days;  but  Cousin  Samuel, 
as  the  practice  then  was,  demanded  a  premium  with  the 
youthful  apprentice,  —  an  exorbitant  premium  as  it  was 
thought ;  the  negotiation  was  broken  off,  and  Benjamin  was 
again  taken  home  by  his  father.  The  cutler's  trade  was 
abandoned.  Boston,  I  firmly  believe,  lost  many  a  keener 
carving-knife  than  it  had  known  before,  many  a  sharper 
razor,  it  may  be  many  a  cutlass  tempered  for  the  French  and 
Indian  wars  ;  for  what  Benjamin  did  at  all,  he  did  better 
than  most  other  men :  but  he  was  destined  to  deal  with  in- 
struments and  weapons  of  a  higher  polish,  a  shrewder  edge, 
and  a  more  fearful  sway ;  to  wield  a  blade  of  more  than  the 
icebrook's  temper ;  to  cut  the  gordian  knot  of  great  secular 
controversies ;  to  hew  off  the  distant  dependencies  of  tyran- 
nical governments;  to  carve  Confederate  Republics  out  of 
oppressed  colonies ;  and  to  pierce  with  the  two-edged  sword 
of  a  brave  diplomacy  to  the  dividing  asunder  of  the  joints 
and  marrow  of  dismembered  empires. 

Benjamin  "from  his  infancy  was  passionately  fond  of 
reading  "  ;  this  was  the  fountain  from  which  all  the  life-giv- 
ing waters  flowed.  It  caused  his  repugnance  to  the  other 
handicrafts,  which  afforded  no  facilities  for  the  gratification 
of  this  taste,  and  determined  his  father  to  make  him  a  printer. 
He  was  accordingly,  at  the  age  of  twelve,  apprenticed  to  his 
brother  James,  who  was  ten  years  older  than  himself,  and  had 
just  set  up  in  that  business.  This  step  was  the  great  crisis 
in  Benjamin's  life,  and  decided  his  career.  To  check,  by  legal 
restraint,  his  still-cherished  passion  for  the  sea,  the  boy  was 
indentured,  according  to  the  manner  of  those  days,  for  the 
term  of  nine  years,  for  the  last  of  which  only  he  was  allowed 
journeyman's  wages.     This  was  adding  two  years  to  the  or- 


126  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

dinary  term  of  apprenticeship.  The  boy,  as  he  tells  us, 
"stood  out  for  some  time."  Give  me  two  years  more  of 
schooling,  he  probably  said  to  his  father;  but  Providence 
destined  him  for  a  sterner  training.  The  indentures  were  re- 
luctantly signed,  and  Benjamin  entered  on  that  apprentice- 
ship which  made  him  at  length  a  Master  Workman,  in  more 
than  one  kind,  such  as  the  world  has  rarely  seen. 

To  the  ordinary  business  of  a  printer  his  brother  James 
united,  in  two  or  three  years  after  Benjamin's  apprenticeship 
began,  that  of  a  weekly  journal  called  the  "  New-England 
Courant,"  the  fourth  newspaper  published  in  the  United 
States.  The  Boston  Newsletter,  begun  on  the  24th  of  April, 
1704,  was  the  first;  the  Boston  Gazette,  begun  on  the  21st 
of  December,  1719,  was  the  second ;  the  American  Mercury, 
begun  at  Philadelphia  on  the  22d  of  December,  1719,  was  the 
third ;  and  the  New-England  Courant,  begun  on  the  21st 
of  August,  1721,  was  the  fourth.  Poor  Benjamin  seems  to 
have  had  rather  more  than  his  share  of  the  labor ;  for  besides 
being  a  frequent  contributor  to  its  little  columns,  he  set  the 
types,  worked  at  the  press,  carried  it  round  when  printed  to 
the  subscribers,  and,  what  was  perhaps  the  least  agreeable 
duty,  at  the  end  of  the  quarter  collected  the  bills.  His  con- 
nection with  journalism,  thus  early  commenced,  continued 
through  life ;  and  even  after  filling  the  highest  offices  at  home 
and  abroad,  he  was  an  habitual  contributor  to  the  Newsletters, 
the    Courants,  the  Ledgers  of  the  day. 

The  conditions  of  Benjamin's  indentures  were  onerous, 
and  James's  treatment  of  the  apprentice  brother  was  not 
gentle ;  he  was  worked  hard,  chid,  and  beaten.  He  was 
a  forward,  at  times  a  moody,  at  times,  as  he  is  inclined 
himself  to  admit,  "  a  saucy  and  provoking  boy."  He  lived 
much  alone,  which  is  not  good  for  men  or  boys.  He  adopted 
strange  abstemious  habits,  commuted  his  board  allowance 
for  half  its  money  value,  and  saved  half  that  in  his  frugal  diet 
that  he  might  buy  books ;  rose  with  the  dawn  and  sat  up 
with  the  stars,  that  he  might  read  them  ;  spun  ballads  about 
shipwrecks  and  piracies  out  of  his  poor  little  brains  (his 
works  they  might  well  be  called ;  for  having  composed  them, 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY.  127 

he  printed  them  with  his  own  hands,  and  peddled  them  about 
the  streets) ;  wrote  clandestinely  for  the  Courant,  and  had 
the  satisfaction  of  hearing  the  friends  who  frequented  the 
office  ascribe  his  contributions  to  the  leading  wits  of  the 
day  ;  picked  up  Xenophon's  Memorabilia,  and  learned 
the  Socratic  method  of  disputation,  whereby  he  mischiev- 
ously entangled  those  who  argued  with  him,  in  the  most 
vexatious  admissions,  which  brought  them  out  to  the  very 
opposite  point  from  that  which  they  wished  to  reach;  —  in 
short,  showed  himself,  it  is  evident,  in  various  ways,  a  rather 
uncomfortably  forward  boy. 

It  was  a  character,  in  fact,  beyond,  above,  its  surround- 
ings, and  this,  while  it  lasts,  is  a  sorrow; — a  thoughtful, 
tender,  daring  spirit,  storming  into  life  ;  dimly  conscious  of 
a  vast  capacity,  rapt  at  times  into  burning  visions,  ground 
between  the  upper  and  nether  millstones  of  necessity,  over- 
worked and  under-fed,  looking  round  for  sympathy,  and  look- 
ing in  vain.  His  parents  loved  him,  but  did  not  compre- 
hend, and  could  not  guide  him.  His  father,  though  a  dis- 
creet and  thoughtful  man,  had  no  conception  of  the  range  of 
the  intellect  which  Providence  had  confided  to  his  parental  care. 
His  mother,  in  the  only  letter  from  her  pen  which  has  survived, 
written  when  he  was  forty-six  and  had  acquired  a  reputa- 
tion for  his  experiments  in  electricity,  congratulates  him  on 
being  chosen  an  alderman ;  does  not  exactly  know  what  that 
is,  but  is  glad  he  has  come  to  such  honor.  His  brothers  and 
sisters  were  honest  and,  to  all  appearance,  amiable,  but  ordi- 
nary people.  Home  ceased  to  be  attractive,  with  his  escape 
from  leading-strings.  Religion  was  presented  to  him  clothed 
in  austerities  unknown  at  the  present  day  to  any  denomina- 
tion of  Christians,  till  he  was  driven  to  associates  of  loose 
ideas  and  profligate  habits.  He  narrowly  escaped  shipwreck 
of  principles  and  morals.  But  Providence  watched  over  him, 
and  guided  him  on  the  brink  of  the  precipice.  Surrounded 
by  dangers  and  temptations,  he  committed  no  irreparable 
errors,  and  all  that  we  know  of  his  early  frailties  we  know 
from  his  own  confessions.  Two  things  he  learned  in  his 
brother's  office,  young  as  he  was,  which  lay  at  the  basis  of 


128  FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 

his  success  and  fame,  —  the  art  of  printing,  and  the  art  of 
writing.  His  .  skill  in  his  handicraft  laid  the  foundation  of 
his  fortune  ;  his  skill  with  his  pen  was  (he  tells  us  himself) 
"  the  principal  means  of  his  advancement  in  life."  He  never 
outgrew  his  attachment  to  his  trade  as  a  printer,  never  at  the 
height  of  his  prosperity  was  ashamed  of  his  calling.  When 
he  visited  England  in  an  important  public  trust  in  after-life, 
he  sought  out  the  printing-office  where  he  had  labored  in  his 
youth,  called  together  the  workmen,  and  encouraged  them  to 
imitate  his  example  of  industry  and  temperance ;  and  at  the 
close  of  his  illustrious  career,  he  begins  the  last  solemn  busi- 
ness act  of  his  life  with  the  ever-memorable  words,  "  I,  Ben- 
jamin Franklin,  Printer ;  late  Minister  Plenipotentiary  from 
the  United  States  of  America  to  the  Court  of  France,  now 
President  of  the  State  of  Pennsylvania,  do  make  and  declare 
my  last  "Will  and  Testament "  :  late  Ambassador,  now  Gov- 
ernor ;  but  Printer  still ! 

Go  forth  then,  Benjamin  Franklin,  printer,  to  thy  great 
calling ;  master,  not  of  arts,  but  of  the  art  of  arts  ;  grad- 
uate, not  of  academic  halls,  but  of  the  three  great  faculties 
of  temperance,  industry,  and  generous  ambition.  There  is  a 
conflict  before  thee  long  and  sharp,  but  the  Press  has  taught 
thy  hands  to  war  and  thy  fingers  to  fight;  the  victory* is  cer- 
tain, the  reward  is  glorious.  Seas  of  trouble  shall  stretch 
before  thee,  but  they  shall  roll  up  their  crystal  walls  on  thy 
right  hand  and  on  thy  left,  and  thou  shalt  pass  through  on 
dry  ground.  Events  of  unexampled  magnitude  for  thee  and 
thy  country  attend  thy  career ;  great  wars  are  to  be  fought ; 
oppressive  rulers  set  at  defiance ;  arduous  negotiations  con- 
ducted ;  alliances  contracted  abroad,  confederacies  entered 
into  at  home,  constitutions  framed,  and  governments  admin- 
istered; —  and  in  all  these  vast  concerns  thou,  even  thou, 
Benjamin  Franklin,  printer,  shalt  bear  a  responsible  and 
a  leading  part,  with  the  sages,  the  patriots,  and  the  mon- 
archs  of  Europe,  with  the  most  honored  and  trusted  of  thy 
own  country,  with  Adams,  with  Jefferson,  with  Jay,  with 
Laurens,  and  above  all  with  Washington.  Boston  now 
sends  thee  forth  a  penniless  fugitive ;  Philadelphia  receives 


FRANKLIN    THE    BOSTON    BOY. 


129 


thee  a  homeless  adventurer ;  but  ere  thou  shalt  taste  of 
death,  America,  Europe,  shall  be  too  narrow  for  thy  fame ; 
and  in  times  to  come,  the  friendly  strife  of  the  city  of  thy 
birth  and  the  city  of  thy  adoption  shall  be  which  best,  winch 
most,  shall  do  honor  to  thy  memory. 


NOTE. 


This  address  was  repeated  at  the 

Boston,  17th  Jan.,    1859. 

Philadelphia,  Pa.,  27th     "  « 

New  York,  N.  Y.,  9th  March,  " 
Baltimore,  Md.,  4th  April,  " 
Richmond,  Va.,       8th      "  " 

Univ.  of  Virginia,  26th      "  " 

Abington,  4th  Jan.,    1860. 

Boston,  17th     "  " 

Charlestown,  20th     "  " 


following  places  :  — 

Lowell,  14th  Nov. 

Waltham,  15th      " 

Manchester,  N.  H.,  19th      " 


6  th  March,   " 
11th       "         " 


Cambridgeport, 

Salem, 

New  Haven,  Ct.,  22d        " 

Rutland,  Vt.,        20th  April, 

Burlington,  Vt.,    24th      " 


Portsmouth,      " 
Biddeford,  Me., 
Portland,       " 
Bristol,  R.  I., 
So.  Reading, 
Gloucester, 
Maiden, 

Providence,  R.  L, 
Brattleboro',  Vt., 
Springfield, 
Troy,  N.  Y, 


21st       " 

23d       " 

3d   Dec, 

6th      " 

7th      " 

26th      " 

27th      " 

31st      " 

8th  Jan., 
13th  Feb. 
28th      « 


1860. 


1861. 


VOL.    IV. 


WILLIAM   HICKLING  PKESCOTT.* 


Mr.  President  :  — 

At  the  special  meeting  of  the  Society,  held  on  the  1st 
instant,  to  take  becoming  notice  of  the  death  of  our  honored 
and  lamented  associate,  Mr.  Prescott,  you  kindly  apologized, 
with  your  usual  thought-fulness,  for  my  necessary  absence. 
I  was  in  the  State  of  New  Jersey  that  day,  under  a  public 
engagement;  and  it  was  only  by  the  aid  of  the  telegraph 
that  I  received  the  notice  of  the  meeting.  You  will  readily 
believe  that  I  regretted  most  deeply  my  inability  to  join  you 
in  the  last  tribute  of  respect  to  the  memory  of  our  friend, 
paid  with  so  much  feeling  and  pathetic  eloquence,  on  behalf 
of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society,  by  our  worthy  asso- 
ciates who  took  part  in  that  day's  proceedings.  If  I  now 
ask  permission  to  add  a  few  words  to  what  was  so  appropri- 
ately and  touchingly  said  by  them,  it  is  not  that  the  departed 
needs  my  poor  testimony;  not  that  the  Society  needs  my 
aid  in  doing  honor  to  his  beloved  name ;  but  that  I  myself, 
the  friend  of  more  than  forty  years'  standing,  may  not  seem 
wanting  on  an  occasion  of  such  affecting  interest. 

Being  about  to  leave  home  on  Monday,  the  24th  of  Jan- 
uary, on  a  visit  to  Philadelphia,  and  taking  my  accustomed 
walk  in  the  middle  of  the  day  on  the  Saturday  preceding, 
I  met  our  late  lamented  and  beloved  associate.  He  seemed 
to  me  as  well  as  at  any  time  the  past  twelvemonth  ;  but  my 
son,  who  was  with  me,  thought  his  countenance  somewhat 
changed.  On  the  following  Friday  the  telegraph  trans- 
mitted the  news  of  his  death  to  Philadelphia ;  where,  I  think 

*  Remarks  made  at  a  stated  monthly  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  His- 
torical Society,  10th  February,  1859. 


WILLIAM    HICKLING    PRESCOTT.  131 

I  can  truly  say,  it  was  mourned  as  deeply  and  sincerely  as 
anywhere  in  Boston,  out  of  the  circle  of  immediate  relatives 
and  friends.  They  felt  his  death  as  a  loss,  not  of  any  one 
place,  but  of  the  whole  country.  And  this  feeling  I  found 
universally  prevalent  in  a  somewhat  extensive  circuit  since 
made  in  New  Jersey ;  in  New  York,  where  a  most  distin- 
guished brother  historian  (Mr.  Bancroft)  gave  utterance,  in 
language  the  most  appropriate  and  impressive,  to  the  un- 
affected sorrow  of  the  community  ;  and  in  the  neighboring 
city  of  Brooklyn,  which  I  have  since  visited.  Everywhere, 
Mr.  President,  those  tributes  of  respect  and  affection  which 
have  been  paid  to  our  dear  friend  by  his  neighbors,  associates, 
and  immediate  fellow-citizens,  have  found  a  ready  response 
throughout  the  country,  as  they  will  throughout  the  civilized 
world. 

I  can  add  nothing  to  what  has  been  already  said  in  the 
general  contemplation  of  his  eminence  as  an  author,  his 
worth  as  a  man,  his  geniality  as  a  companion,  his  fidelity  as 
a  friend;  his  severe  trials,  his  heroic  exertions,  his  glorious 
success.  But  I  have  thought  it  might  be  in  my  power  to  say 
a  few  words  not  unacceptably  of  the  rapidity  and  the  extent 
to  which  his  reputation  was  established  abroad,  and  the 
prompt  and  generous  recognition  of  his  ability  in  Europe. 
The  "  History  of  Ferdinand  and  Isabella  "  was  published  at 
the  close  of  1837  or  the  beginning  of  1838 ;  and,  on  my 
arrival  in  Europe  in  the  summer  of  1840,  I  found  it  exten- 
sively known  and  duly  appreciated.  Mr.  Prescott,  following 
down  the  stream  of  Spanish  history,  had  already  conceived 
the  project  of  writing,  at  some  future  period,  the  history  of 
Philip  II.,  after  he  should  have  narrated,  in  works  to  be  pre- 
pared in  the  interval,  the  magnificent  episodes  of  the  "  Con- 
quest of  Mexico  and  Peru."  I  remonstrated  with  him  for 
passing  over  the  reign  of  the  Emperor  Charles  V. ;  urging 
upon  him,  that  the  materials  which  had  become  accessible 
since  Robertson's  time,  especially  the  archives  of  Simancas 
(the  want  of  access  to  which  was  so  much  deplored  by  that 
author),  would  enable  him  to  treat  that  period  to  as  good  ad- 
vantage as  that  of  Ferdinand  and  Isabella,  or  Philip.     But 


132  WILLIAM    HICKLING    PRESCOTT. 

he  modestly  persisted  in  thinking  that  the  reign  of  Charles  V. 
was  exhausted  by  Robertson.  The  supplementary  chapter 
with  which  he  has  enriched  the  edition  of  Robertson's  work, 
published  under  his  supervision  a  few  years  since,  is  a  suffi- 
cient proof  that  it  would  have  been  in  his  power  to  construct 
an  original  history  of  the  reign  of  Charles  V.  which  would 
have  fully  equalled  in  interest  any  that  has  been  produced  by 
him. 

He  requested  me  to  make  some  preliminary  inquiries  at 
Paris  in  reference  to  materials  for  Philip  II. ;  especially  to 
obtain  information  as  to  the  portion  of  the  archives  of  Si- 
mancas  which  had  been  carried  in  the  time  of  Napoleon  to 
Paris,  and  were  still  detained  there.  No  difficulty  attended 
a  thorough  exploration  of  the  rich  materials  in  the  royal  li- 
brary ;  but  the  papers  from  Simancas  were  guarded  with 
greater  care  in  the  "  Archives  of  the  Kingdom."  The  whole 
of  that  celebrated  national  collection  had  been  transported 
to  Paris  in  the  time  of  Napoleon ;  and  after  his  downfall, 
and  in  the  general  restoration,  those  portions  of  the  archives 
which  purported  to  relate  to  the  history  of  France  were,  in 
spite  of  the  urgent  and  oft-repeated  reclamations  of  the 
Spanish  government,  retained  in  Paris.  It  was  natural, 
under  these  circumstances,  that  they  should  be  watched  with 
some  jealousy :  but  the  name  of  Mr.  Prescott  was  a  key 
which  unlocked  the  depository ;  and  by  the  kindness  of  M. 
Mignet,  who  had  himself  examined  them  with  diligence,  they 
were  fully  thrown  open  to  my  inspection  on  his  behalf. 

The  same  result  followed  a  similar  application  at  Florence 
the  following  year.  Not  only  were  the  private  collections 
of  the  Marquis  Gino  Capponi  and  the  Count  Guicciardini 
(the  lineal  descendant  of  the  historian)  thrown  open  to  the 
use  of  Mr.  Prescott,  but,  after  tedious  hesitations  and  delays 
on  the  part  of  subordinate  officials,  a  peremptory  order  was 
at  length  issued  by  Prince  Corsini,  with  the  consent  of  the 
Grand  Duke  of  Tuscany,  that  I  should  be  allowed  to  explore 
the  Medicean  Archives  (Archivio  Mediceo),  and  mark  for 
transcription  whatever  I  thought  would  be  useful  for  Mr. 
Prescott.     When  I  add  that  this  magnificent  collection  of 


WILLIAM    HICKLING    PRESCOTT.  133 

eighty  thousand  volumes  (since  greatly  augmented,  as  I  learn 
from  my  friend  Mr.  Ticknor,  by  bringing  together  all  the 
provincial  archives  of  every  part  of  the  Grand  Duchy),  the 
examination  of  which  was  rendered  easy  by  a  copious  index, 
contained  the  correspondence  of  the  Tuscan  minister  at 
Madrid,  during  the  entire  reign  of  Philip  II.,  it  will  be  read- 
ily conceived  how  rich  were  the  materials  for  the  history  of 
that  period.  Nothing  that  I  marked  for  transcription  was 
refused.  It  was  sufficient  that  I  thought  it  would  be  useful 
to  Mr.  Prescott;  and  among  the  portions  of  the  correspond- 
ence which  I  was  able  in  this  way  to  procure  for  him  were 
the  semi-weekly  communications  of  the  Tuscan  minister  on 
the  arrest,  imprisonment,  and  death  of  Don  Carlos.  That 
papers  so  delicate  —  guarded  with  such  jealousy  for  three 
centuries  —  should  have  been  fully  thrown  open  by  a  Cath- 
olic sovereign  to  an  American  Protestant  writer,  bears  witness 
at  once  to  the  liberality  of  the  Grand  Duke,  and  the  Euro- 
pean reputation  of  our  lamented  friend. 

Nor  was  his  fame  less  promptly  and  substantially  estab- 
lished in  England.  Calling  one  day  on  the  venerable  Mr. 
Thomas  Grenville,  whom  I  found  in  his  library  (the  second 
in  size  and  value  of  the  private  libraries  of  England),  read- 
ing Xenophon's  "  Anabasis "  in  the  original,  I  made  some 
passing  remark  on  the  beauty  of  that  work.  "  Here,"  said  he, 
holding  up  a  volume  of  "  Ferdinand  and  Isabella,"  "  is  one 
far  superior."  With  the  exception  of  the  Nestor  of  our  lit- 
erature (Mr.  Irving),  no  American  writer  appeared  to  me  so 
widely  known  or  so  highly  esteemed  in  England  as  Mr. 
Prescott ;  and,  when  he  visited  that  country  a  few  years  later, 
the  honors  paid  to  him  by  all  the  cultivated  classes  of  society, 
from  the  throne  downward,  were  such  as  are  seldom  offered 
to  the  most  distinguished  visitant. 

This  is  not  the  time  nor  the  place  for  a  critical  disquisition 
on  the  merits  of  our  lamented  associate  as  a  writer  of  his- 
tory ;  nor  am  I  prepared  —  arrived  but  last  evening  from 
an  arduous  journey,  filled  up  with  engagements  which  have 
left  me  no  moment  of  leisure — to  undertake  the  task.  It 
would,  moreover,  be  a  work  of  supererogation.     The  public 


134  WILLIAM    HICKLING    PRESCOTT. 

mind  has  passed  judgment  on  his  merits,  in  a  manner  to  need 
no  confirmation  and  to  fear  no  contradiction.  When,  in 
after-times,  the  history  of  our  American  literature  shall  be 
written,  it  will  be  told  with  admiration  how,  in  the  front 
rank  of  a  school  of  contemporary  historical  writers  flourish- 
ing in  the  United  States  in  the  second  quarter  of  the  nine- 
teenth century,  more  numerous  and  not  less  distinguished 
than  those  of  any  other  country,  a  young  man,  who  was  not 
only  born  to  affluence  and  exposed  to  all  its  seductions,  but 
who  seemed  forced  into  inaction  by  the  cruel  accident  of  his 
youth,  devoted  himself  to  that  branch  of  literary  effort  which 
seems  most  to  require  the  eyesight  of  the  student,  and  com- 
posed a  series  of  historical  works  not  less  remarkable  for 
their  minute  and  accurate  learning,  than  their  beauty  of  style, 
calm  philosophy,  acute  delineation  of  character,  and  sound 
good  sense.  No  name  more  brilliant  than  his  will  descend 
to  posterity  on  the  roll  of  American  authors. 

But  it  will  not  be  in  this  Association  alone  that  he  will  be 
honored  in  after-times.  So  long  as  in  ages  far  distant,  and 
not  only  in  countries  now  refined  and  polished,  but  in  those 
not  yet  brought  into  the  domain  of  civilization,  the  remark- 
able epoch  which  he  has  described  shall  attract  the  at- 
tention of  men  ;  so  long  as  the  consolidation  of  the  Spanish 
monarchy  and  the  expulsion  of  the  Moors,  the  mighty  theme 
of  the  discovery  of  America,  the  sorrowful  glories  of  Colum- 
bus, the  mail-clad  forms  of  Cortez  and  Pizarro  and  the 
other  grim  conquistadores,  trampling  new-found  empires 
under  the  hoofs  of  their  cavalry,  shall  be  subjects  of  literary 
interest ;  so  long  as  the  blood  shall  curdle  at  the  cruelties  of 
Alva,  and  the  fierce  struggles  of  the  Moslem  in  the  East, — 
so  long  will  the  writings  of  our  friend  be  read.  With  re- 
spect to  some  of  them,  time,  in  all  human  probability,  will 
add  nothing  to  his  materials.  It  was  said  the  other  day  by 
our  respected  associate,  President  Sparks  (a  competent  au- 
thority), that  no  historian,  ancient  or  modern,  exceeded  Mr. 
Prescott  in  the  depth  and  accuracy  of  his  researches.  He 
has  driven  his  artesian  criticism  through  wretched  modern 
compilations,   and  the   trashy  exaggerations  of   intervening 


WILLIAM    HICKLING    PRESCOTT.  135 

commentators,  down  to  the  original  contemporary  witnesses; 
and  the  sparkling  waters  of  truth  have  gushed  up  from  the 
living  rock.  In  the  details  of  his  narrative,  further  light 
may  be  obtained  from  sources  not  yet  accessible.  The  first 
letter  of  Cortez  may  be  brought  to  light ;  the  hieroglyphics 
of  Palenque  may  be  deciphered  :  but  the  history  of  the  Span- 
ish empire,  during  the  period  for  which  he  has  treated  it, 
will  be  read  by  posterity  for  general  information,  not  in  the 
ancient  Spanish  authors,  not  in  black-letter  chronicles,  but  in 
the  volumes  of  Prescott. 

Finally,  sir,  among  the  masters  of  historical  writing,  —  the 
few  great  names  of  ancient  and  modern  renown  in  this  de- 
partment,—  our  lamented  friend  and  associate  has  passed  to 
a  place  among  the  most  honored  and  distinguished.  When- 
ever this  branch  of  polite  literature  shall  be  treated  of  by 
some  future  Bacon,  and  the  names  of  those  shall  be  repeated, 
who  have  possessed  in  the  highest  degree  that  rare  skill  by 
which  the  traces  of  a  great  plan  in  the  fortunes  of  mankind 
are  explored,  and  the  living  body  of  a  nation  is  dissected  by 
the  keen  edge  of  truth,  and  guilty  kings  and  guilty  races 
summoned  to  the  bar  of  justice,  and  the  footsteps  of  God 
pointed  out  along  the  pathways  of  time,  his  name  will  be 
mentioned  with  the  immortal  trios  of  Greece  and  of  Rome, 
and  the  few  who  in  the  modern  languages  stand  out  the 
rivals  of  their  fame. 

No  one  can  speak  of  our  dear  departed  friend  without 
recollecting  the  infirmity  under  which  he  labored  the  greater 
part  of  his  days,  and  with  which  Providence,  in  his  case, 
applied  the  solemn  law  of  compensation,  by  which  the  bless- 
ings of  life  are  enjoyed,  and  endowments  balanced  by  sor- 
rows. To  some  it  is  given  to  ascend  the  heights  of  fame 
through  the  narrow  and  cheerless  path  of  penury.  Others 
toil  patiently  on  beneath  a  load  of  domestic  care  and  be- 
reavement, —  the  loss  of  the  dutiful,  the  hopeful,  and  the 
beloved.  For  him  that  dares  to  intrude  on  public  life  (as 
our  friend  never  did),  ferocious  detraction  stands  ready  to 
fly  at  his  throat,  and  petty  malice  to  yelp  at  his  heels.  Our 
friend  achieved  the  miracle  of  his  unexampled  success  under 


136  WILLIAM    HICKLING    PRESCOTT. 

the  privation  —  at  times  the  total  privation  —  of  the  dearest 
of  the  senses,  —  that  through  which  the  spirit  of  man  is 
wedded  to  the  lovely  forms  of  the  visible  universe.  At  in- 
tervals, for  some  years  before  he  commenced  his  historical 
labors,  for  him,  as  for  the  kindred  genius  by  whose  example 
he  tells  us  he  took  courage,  — 

"  Seasons  returned  ;  but  not  for  him  returned 
Day,  or  the  sweet  approach  of  even  or  morn, 
Or  sight  of  vernal  bloom,  or  summer's  rose, 
Or  flocks,  or  herds,  or  human  face  divine." 

But  he  went  from  his  darkened  chamber  and  his  couch  of 
pain  to  his  noble  work,  as  a  strong  man  rejoicing  to  run  a 
race.  A  kind  Providence  at  intervals  raised  the  veil  from  his 
eyes,  and  his  sweet  resignation  and  heroic  fortitude  turned 
his  trials  into  a  blessing.  His  impaired  sight  gave  him  con- 
centrated mental  vision  :  and  so  he  lived  his  great  day,  illus- 
trious without  an  enemy,  successful  without  an  envier; 
wrought  out  his  four  historical  epics  to  the  admiration  of 
the  age ;  and  passed  away  at  the  grand  climacteric,  not  of 
years  alone,  but  of  love  and  fame. 

"  Tbv  Tre'pt  Mover  ecpSXrjcre,  Si'8ou  8'  dyadov  re  kclk6v  re- 
OcpOakfiav  fiev  apepcre,  didov  8'  rjbelav  doibTjv." 


HENRY    HALLAM.* 


Mr.  Everett,  asking  the  indulgence  of  the  Society  for 
a  few  moments,  that  he  might  pay  an  unstudied  tribute  to 
the  memory  of  one  whom  he  might  venture  to  call  his  friend, 
spoke  as  follows  :  — 

I  am  very  glad,  sir,  that  you  have  called  the  attention  of 
the  Society  to  the  loss  they  have  met,  in  the  death  of  their 
honored  associate,  Mr.  Hallam.  I  am  aware  that  it  is  not 
the  practice  of  the  scientific  and  literary  bodies  in  England 
to  take  a  contemporary  notice  of  the  decease  of  their  foreign 
members.  It  is  the  custom,  however,  at  the  close  of  the 
year,  for  the  president  of  those  societies  to  deliver  an  ad- 
dress, of  which  an  obituary  notice  of  the  members,  both 
resident  and  foreign,  who  have  deceased  in  the  course  of  the 
year,  forms  an  important  part.  I  should  be  pleased  to  see 
that  custom  introduced  here  ;  certainly  while  the  chair  of  our 
Society  is  filled  as  it  now  is :  and  in  the  mean  time,  as  there 
is  otherwise  no  opportunity  of  doing  it,  I  fully  concur  with 
you  in  the  propriety  of  taking  a  respectful  notice  of  the  de- 
cease of  our  distinguished  honorary  associate  just  mentioned. 
I  feel  that  it  must  be  the  spontaneous  will  of  every  member 
of  the  Society  to  pause  for  a  moment  upon  an  event  of  so 
much  interest  in  itself,  and  rendered  peculiarly  affecting  by 
its  coincidence  with  our  own  recent  domestic  loss.  That  two 
such  lights  of  the  literary  firmament,  shining  in  the  same 
department  of  polite  letters,  —  the  one  in  Europe,  the  other 
in  America,  —  should  be  extinguished  within  a  few  days  of 
each  other,  is  surtly  an  occurrence  not  to   be   passed  over 

*  Remarks  at  a  private  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society, 
24th  February,  1859. 


138  HENRY    HALLAM. 

without  a  respectful  notice  in  a  Society  of  which  they  were 
both  members,  —  co-members  with  ourselves.  Having,  while 
I  lived  in  England,  been  honored  with  the  intimate  acquaint- 
ance, I  may  venture  to  say  the  friendship,  of  Mr.  Hailam,  and 
with  his  correspondence  since  my  return,  I  am  sure  that  you 
will  indulge  me  for  a  few  moments  in  an  unstudied  tribute  to 
his  memory. 

It  would  be  wholly  superfluous,  before  the  members  of  this 
Society,  to  dwell  at  length  on  the  literary  reputation  of  Mr. 
Hailam.  After  the  last  of  the  three  great  historians  of  the 
eighteenth  century  in  England  had  passed  away,  historical 
studies  in  that  country  seemed  to  be  in  abeyance.  They  could 
hardly  be  said  to  have  commenced  in  this  country.  Many 
valuable  works  in  the  department  of  ancient  and  modern 
history  —  a  few  of  them  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic  —  were 
produced ;  but  nothing  to  be  named  by  the  side  of  Hume, 
Gibbon,  and  Robertson.  At  length,  after  mature  preparatory 
studies,  and  being  then  forty  years  of  age,  Mr.  Hailam,  in 
1818,  published  his  first,  and  in  the  opinion  of  some  persons 
his  ablest  work,  —  "A  View  of  the  State  of  Europe  in  the 
Middle  Ages."  This  work  —  without,  perhaps,  an  equal 
attractiveness  of  style  with  either  of  the  three  great  writers 
just  named  —  is,  in  some  important  respects,  of  higher 
merit  than  either.  The  erudition  is  sounder  and  more 
critical  than  that  of  Gibbon,  though  with  a  smaller  display 
of  learned  authorities,  many  of  which,  in  the  lapse  of  near  a 
century,  have  become  obsolete.  It  is  a  still  greater  merit, 
that  Mr.  Hallam's  work  —  that  all  his  works  —  are  wholly 
free  from  the  taint  of  irreverence  that  poisons  Gibbons 
magnificent  and  truly  monumental  history.  Mr.  Hallam's 
history  far  transcends  Hume  in  extent  and  accuracy  of 
research ;  in  a  knowledge  of  the  jurisprudence  not  only 
of  England,  but  of  the  Continent ;  and  in  conscientious 
dealings  with  his  authorities,  —  in  which  Hume,  partly  from 
indolence,  is  far  from  being  exemplary.  In  all  the  qualities 
of  a  first-rate  historian  Mr.  Hailam  is  superior  to  Robertson, 
with  the  single  exception  of  a  certain  winning  ease  and 
lucid  flow  of  style  by  which  you  are  so  delightfully  borne 


HENRY    HALLAM.  139 

along  in  the  pages  of  the  illustrious  Scotchman.  Mr.  Hal- 
lam's  "  History  of  the  Middle  Ages  "  immediately  assumed, 
and  has  ever  maintained,  the  character  of  a  classical  work. 

After  an  interval  of  nine  years,  the  "  Constitutional  History 
of  England,  from  the  Beginning  of  the  Reign  of  Henry  the 
Seventh  to  the  Close  of  the  Reign  of  George  the  Second," 
was  published  by  Mr.  Hallam.  This,  too,  is  a  work  of 
standard  excellence.  Discussing  questions  which  at  that 
time,  more  than  now,  divided  opinion  in  England,  Mr. 
Hallam's  views  did  not,  in  all  points,  command  universal 
assent.  By  the  Tory  journals  and  the  Tory  politicians  it 
was  characterized  as  the  work  of  "  a  decided  partisan." 
Such  has  not  been  the  verdict  of  the  generation  which  has 
filled  the  stage  since  it  appeared  ;  such,  in  all  probability, 
will  not  be  the  verdict  of  after-time  ;  such,  I  am  sure,  will 
not  be  the  light  in  which  it  will  be  viewed  in  this  country. 
Here  it  will  be  regarded  —  as  you  have  justly  intimated, 
sir  —  as  expounding  the  true  principles  of  constitutional  law 
for  all  representative  governments.  Mr.  Hallam's  work  af- 
forded, what  was  greatly  wanted,  —  a  correction  of  the  polit- 
ical system  of  Hume.  It  is  owing,  I  am  confident,  in  no  small 
degree,  to  the  gradually  spreading  influence  of  Mr.  Hallam's 
*'  Constitutional  History,"  that  the  theoretical  Toryism  of 
former  times  has  almost  wholly  disappeared  in  England. 
His  work,  I  am  inclined  to  think,  is  generally  accepted  as 
an  accurate  exposition  of  the  true  principles  of  the  British 
government.  It  has  been  often  said,  —  and  never,  to  my 
knowledge,  contradicted,  —  that  it  was  from  this  work,  under 
the  guidance  of  the  late  Lord  Melbourne,  that  the  present 
Sovereign  of  England  received  her  education  in  the  con- 
stitution of  the  empire  of  which  she  was  one  day,  with 
rare  union  of  manly  vigor  and  female  gentleness,  to  wield 
the  sceptre. 

The  "  Introduction  to  the  Literature  of  Europe  for  the  Fif- 
teenth, Sixteenth,  and  Seventeenth  Centuries  "  was  published 
twelve  or  thirteen  years  later,  and  when  the  author  was  about 
sixty  years  of  age.  This,  with  the  exception  of  a  supple- 
mentary volume  of  notes  to  his  "  History  of  the  Middle  Ages," 


140  HENRY    HALLAM. 

was  his  last  work.  It  was  prepared  under  a  cloud  of  sorrow. 
It  is  a  work  of  stupendous  erudition ;  but,  from  its  encyclo- 
pedic character,  is  of  unequal  execution.  There  is,  however, 
no  quackery  in  it.  It  is  not,  like  some  similar  works,  a  mere 
compilation  from  former  writers  ;  but  it  is  the  fruit  of  original 
reference,  and  that,  too,  frequently  in  unfamiliar  quarters. 
When,  in  following  the  course  of  classified  inquiry,  he  has  to 
speak  of  an  author  whom  he  has  not  read,  he  tells  you  so  ; 
and,  when  he  expresses  an  opinion  as  his  own,  you  know  it 
is  his  own,  —  the  fruit  of  his  own  inquiry  and  speculation. 
A  striking  instance  of  the  wide  range  of  his  reading  occurs 
to  me  at  the  moment.  He  was  the  first  to  point  out  the 
remarkable  similarity  between  the  celebrated  passage  on 
the  universality  of  Law,  at  the  close  of  the  first  book  in 
Hooker's  "  Ecclesiastical  Polity,"  with  a  passage  in  the  now 
nearly  forgotten  work  of  the  Jesuit  Suarez,  "  De  Legibus 
et  Deo  Legislatore."  Impartiality,  good  sense,  pure  taste, 
freedom  from  all  extravagance,  and  a  clear  and  significant 
though  not  brilliant  style,  are  everywhere  manifested  in  the 
"  Introduction,"  as  indeed  in  all  the  works  of  Mr.  Hallam. 

In  his  personal  history  there  is  little  to  record.  He  was 
educated  to  the  law,  but  never,  I  believe,  went  into  court. 
He  regarded  his  legal  studies,  however,  as  very  important, 
—  as  qualifying  him  to  write  the  "  Constitutional  History  of 
England."  He  speaks  with  emphasis  of  Hume's  deficiency 
in  this  respect ;  though  treating  his  great  predecessor  with 
commendable  impartiality,  considering  the  decided  antago- 
nism of  their  political  views.  In  his  family  relations  he  was 
at  once  the  happiest  and  unhappiest  of  men  :  the  happiest, 
in  being  the  father  of  two  sons,  of  the  rarest  endowments 
and  brightest  promise  ;  unhappiest,  in  being  bereft  of  them 
on  their  entrance  into  life.  Arthur  died  at  the  age  of  twenty- 
two,  and  Henry  at  the  age  of  twenty-six  ;  leaving  their  poor 
father  broken-hearted,  but  for  the  hope  of  a  reunion  in  a 
better  world.  Henry  it  was  my  good  fortune  to  become 
acquainted  with,  in  1843,  at  the  rooms  of  our  countryman 
Mr.  Bristed,  in  Trinity  College,  Cambridge  ;  and  an  interesting 
memoir  of  this  most  hopeful  and  amiable  young  man,  from 


HENRY    HALLAM.  141 

the  pen  of  Mr.  Bristed,  has  been  reprinted  in  England.  One 
trait  of  noble  feeling  and  sentiment  has  been  related  to  me 
of  him.  When  Sir  Robert  Peel  tendered  to  Mr.  Hallam  the 
honorable  title  of  Baronet  he  said  he  would  be  governed  by 
his  son's  wishes.  Henry,  on  being  consulted,  said,  that,  as 
far  as  his  feelings  were  concerned,  he  was  content  to  be 
known  as  the  son  of  Henry  Hallam,  —  a  name  to  which  no 
title  could  give  added  dignity. 

Mr.  Hallam,  like  all  the  popular  authors  of  England,  was 
more  extensively  read,  in  proportion  to  the  population,  in 
this  country  than  at  home.  In  1848,  he  received  the  title 
of  Doctor  of  Laws  from  Harvard  College ;  and  not  till  the 
same  year,  from  his  own  Oxford.  About  the  same  time  he 
was  elected  an  Honorary  Member  of  our  Association.  You 
will  permit  me,  perhaps,  to  read  —  the  Society,  I  think,  will 
be  gratified  to  hear  it  —  the  official  letter  written  by  Mr. 
Hallam  in  acknowledgment  of  his  degree:  — 

"Clifton,  October  26, 1848. 

"My  dear  Mr.  Everett,  —  It  has  given  me  the  greatest  satis- 
faction to  receive  the  Diploma  of  the  Senate  of  Harvard  College, 
conferring  on  me  the  high  honor  of  Doctor  of  Laws,  —  an  honor  even 
enhanced  by  the  eulogy  which,  through  the  medium  of  a  very  clas- 
sical Latinity,  that  distinguished  body  has  been  pleased  to  bestow  upon 
my  several  publications. 

"  I  have  already,  in  the  present  year,  received  a  similar  distinction 
from  my  own  University,  —  that  of  Oxford.  It  will  be  my  pride,  for 
the  remainder  of  my  days,  to  reflect,  that  not  only  at  home,  where  I 
might  better  expect  it,  but  in  a  land  which  it  has  not  been  permitted 
me  to  visit,  my  labors  in  the  field  of  literature,  deficient  as  I  feel  them 
to  be,  and  perhaps  unequal  to  what  I  once  hoped  to  have  been  their 
extent,  have  obtained  a  reward  of  public  approbation  so  ample  and  so 
honorable  as  has  been  allotted  to  them.  The  admiration  of  literary 
merit  —  and  I  must  not  now  be  understood  as  referring  to  myself — 
has  become,  of  late  years,  very  characteristic  of  America :  it  displays 
itself  with  a  noble,  and,  we  may  say,  juvenile  enthusiasm,  which  we 
are  far  from  equalling  in  Europe.  Nothing  is  more  likely  to  main- 
tain that  national  affection,  between  those  who  spring  from  common 
ancestors  and  speak  common  language,  which  every  wise  and  good 
man,  on  each  side  of  the  ocean,  desires  to  see. 


142  HENRY    HALLAM. 

"  I  request  you  to  return  my  sincere  thanks  to  the  Fellows  of  Harvard 
College.  To  yourself  I  need  not  say  that  I  am  peculiarly  indebted, 
not  only  for  the  share  you  have  had  in  conferring  this  honor  upon 
me,  but  for  many  testimonials  of  your  friendship  during  the  too  short 
period  of  your  residence  in  Great  Britain. 

"  Believe  me,  my  dear  Mr.  Everett,  very  faithfully  yours, 

"  Henry  Hallaii." 

Mr.  Everett  then  offered  the  following  resolutions  ;  which 
having  been  seconded  by  Mr.  Ticknor,  —  who  favored  the 
meeting  with  interesting  reminiscences  of  his  acquaint- 
ance with  the  distinguished  historian,  —  were  unanimously 
adopted :  — 

Resolved,  That  the  members  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society 
have,  with  deep  sensibility,  received  the  intelligence  of  the  death  of 
their  honored  associate,  Henry  Hallam,  in  a  mature  and  venerable 
age ;  that  they  highly  appreciate  his  distinguished  merit  as  an  histo- 
rian ;  that  they  reverence  his  impartiality,  inflexible  adherence  to  his- 
torical integrity,  and  his  unswerving  devotion  to  the  cause  of  truth, 
justice,  and  civil  liberty. 

Resolved,  That  the  President  of  the  Society  be  requested  to  trans- 
mit an  attested  copy  of  this  resolution  to  the  family  of  Mr.  Hallam, 
with  the  assurance  of  our  respectful  sympathy  with  them  in  their 
bereavement. 


LATIN   SCHOOL  PRIZE  DECLAMATION* 


I  have  been  requested,  young  gentlemen,  to  act  as  the 
organ  of  the  Committee  on  this  occasion,  in  announcing  to 
you  the  result  of  your  competition,  and  declaring  the  prizes. 
Before  doing  so,  I  must  repeat  what  I  suppose  is  generally 
said  by  those  who  perform  this  duty,  and  what  is  as  true  on 
this  as  on  any  former  occasion,  that  the  Committee  have,  in 
some  instances,  found  it  difficult  to  discriminate  between 
degrees  of  merit  nearly  or  quite  equal.  In  these  cases,  un- 
willing to  trust  wholly  to  the  single  specimen  of  declamation 
afforded  to-day,  the  Committee  have  taken  counsel  with  your 
instructers,  who  have  had  so  much  ampler  means  to  compare 
the  relative  merit  of  the  different  candidates,  and  to  their 
judgment,  in  all  doubtful  cases,  great  deference  has  been  paid 
by  the  Committee. 

If  the  result  to  which  the  Committee  have  come  should  in 
some  cases  disappoint  the  candidates,  their  fellow-students, 
and  friends,  —  and  some  such  disappointment  is,  I  believe, 
very  common  on  these  occasions,  —  it  ought  to  be  borne  in 
mind  that,  with  reference  to  speaking,  there  is  no  cer- 
tain standard  of  excellence.  The  style  of  declamation 
which  pleases  the  taste  of  one  will  fail  to  please  another. 
The  young  and  the  old  especially  are  apt  to  differ  in  this 
respect.  Vehemence  and  passion  generally  please  the  for- 
mer ;  calm  earnestness  and  unstudied  ease  are  more  likely  to 
gain  the  approbation  of  the  latter.  In  addition  to  all  this, 
there  are  few  things  in  which  there  is  a  greater  diversity  of 
taste,  among  those  likely  to  agree  upon  most  matters,  than  the 
proper  style  of  declamation. 

*  Remarks  at  the  distribution  of  the  prizes  for  declamation  in  the  Boston 
Public  Latin  Grammar  School,  21st  May,  1859. 


144  LATIN    SCHOOL    PRIZE    DECLAMATION. 

I  make  these  remarks,  young  gentlemen,  to  prepare  you 
and  your  friends  for  any  disappointment  which  the  award  of 
the  Committee  may  cause  you.  Let  me  make  another,  to 
prevent  the  unsuccessful  from  being  discouraged.  It  by  no 
means  follows  that,  because  you  have  failed  in  getting  a  prize 
for  declamation,  you  want  the  ability  to  become  good  speak- 
ers in  after  life.  There  is,  no  doubt,  a  great  diversity  in  natu- 
ral gifts  in  this  respect ;  though  less  perhaps  than  is  generally 
imagined.  But  it  is  not  a  matter  of  course  that  these  supe- 
rior natural  gifts  will  be  developed  at  school.  Your  experi- 
enced instructers  will  tell  you,  most  persons  advanced  in 
life,  who  have  given  their  attention  to  the  subject,  will  tell 
you,  that  those  who  declaim  best  at  school  and  college  are  by 
no  means  sure  to  speak  best  in  the  pulpit,  at  the  bar,  or  in 
the  senate  chamber.  It  not  seldom  happens  that  those  who 
fail  to  get  the  medal  at  school  live  to  win  the  highest  prizes 
in  the  competitions  of  after  life. 

And  this  leads  me  to  say  a  word  on  the  propriety  of  en- 
couraging these  competitions  at  school,  of  which  we  stand 
before  you  as  the  approvers  and  as  the  judges,  and  of  which 
I  am,  on  behalf  of  the  Committee,  soon  to  pronounce  the 
result.  I  am  aware  that  they  are  condemned  by  some  most 
estimable  and  conscientious  men,  who  have  earnestly  declared 
the  opinion  that  the  principle  of  emulation,  being  in  its  na- 
ture selfish  and  mean,  ought  not  to  be  appealed  to  at  school, 
nor  admitted  as  a  motive  to  exertion.  If  I  entertained  this 
opinion,  I  could  not,  with  propriety,  be  here.  If  this  opinion 
were  sound,  nine  tenths  of  the  educational  machinery  under 
which  the  minds  of  men,  both  now  and  in  all  past  time,  and 
in  all  civilized  countries,  have  been  formed  and  fitted  for  life, 
should  be  condemned  as  pernicious.  But  I  entertain  no  such 
opinion.  I  believe  the  principle  of  emulation,  the  desire  to 
excel,  and  to  reap  the  honors  and  rewards,  the  approvals  and 
the  praises,  of  parents  and  friends,  and  the  more  tangible 
tokens  of  success  bestowed  on  occasions  like  these,  to  be 
deepseated  in  the  nature  of  the  boy  and  the  man.  It  should 
be  accompanied  by  other  generous  qualities,  —  an  unenvying 
recognition  of    superior    merit,   modesty    in  the    enjoyment 


LATIN    SCHOOL    PRIZE    DECLAMATION.  145 

of  our  own  victory,  a  delicate  regard  for  the  feelings  of  the  un- 
successful ;  and  these  are  the  sentiments  which  the  educator 
should  cultivate  in  those  committed  to  his  charge.  And  I 
will  believe  that  this  sentiment  of  emulation  can  be  eradi- 
cated when  you  can  persuade  the  generous  horse  not  to 
quicken  his  pace  when  he  hears  another  horse  behind  him  ; 
or  the  mocking-bird  or  nightingale  not  to  strain  her  little 
throat  in  new  efforts,  when  she  hears  her  rival  or  her  compan- 
ion in  the  neighboring  thicket. 

The  school  should  be  made,  as  much  as  possible,  the  prep- 
aration for  life,  as  well  as  a  preparation  for  the  counting- 
room  and  the  college.  Arithmetic  and  geography,  Latin  and 
Greek,  are  not  the  only  things  needed  to  fit  us  for  the  world. 
It  is  just  as  important,  nay,  I  think  more  important,  that  we 
should  learn  to  submit  with  good-humor  and  patience  to  the 
disappointments  that  await  us,  to  engage  in  the  struggle  of 
life  with  generosity,  to  submit  to  defeat  with  equanimity, 
and  to  wear  the  laurels  of  victory  with  modesty. 

Mr.  Everett  then  proceeded  to  declare  the  award  of  the 
prizes. 


vol.  iv.  10 


POWERS'S   STATUE   OF   WEBSTER* 


Mr.   Chairman  :  — 

I  never  attended  a  meeting  with  greater  regret  in  my  life, 
nor  rose  to  address  one  with  greater  pain.  Fully  concurring 
in  the  desire  expressed  by  the  gentleman  who  opened  the 
meeting  (Mr.  T.  B.  Curtis),  that  all  its  proceedings  should  be 
conducted  in  the  most  friendly  and  conciliatory  spirit,  I  forbear 
to  dwell  on  all  the  causes  which  make  the  duty  I  now  rise 
to  perform  a  most  painful  one.  I  must,  however,  deplore 
that  hopeless  diversity  of  taste  and  opinion  which  exists  among 
men.  We  are  met  together,  all  friends  of  one  great  and 
lamented  name,  selected  by  our  fellow-citizens  for  the  one 
object  of  doing  honor  to  his  memory;  and  yet,  while  I  do 
the  same  justice  to  the  motives  of  other  gentlemen  which  I 
wish  them  to  do  to  mine,  the  course  pursued  in  reference  to  Mr. 
Powers's  statue,  —  the  course  which  this  meeting  has  been 
called  to  consummate,  appears  to  me,  —  I  am  compelled  to 
say  it,  — entirely  without  justification  in  the  character  of  the 
work  itself,  unjust  and  cruel  in  the  extreme  to  the  eminent 
and  meritorious  artist,  the  author  of  the  work,  and  disrespect- 
ful and  trifling  toward  the  Legislature,  to  which  (in  virtue  of  a 
resolution  passed  with  a  single  dissenting  voice  in  this  Com- 
mittee, on  the  17th  of  February  last)  we  made  application, 
through  the  Governor  of  the  Commonwealth,  for  permission 
to  place  the  statue  in  the  State- House  grounds ;  which  per- 
mission, on  the  Governor's  recommendation,  was  liberally  and 
unanimously  granted  by  both  the  two  houses.  In  what  light 
I  regard  the   course  which  has  been  pursued,  in  its  personal 

*  Remarks  made  on  the  8th  of  June,  1859,  at  a  meeting  of  the  General 
Committee  of  One  Hundred  on  the  Webster  Memorial. 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  147 

bearings  on  the  majority  of  the  executive  committee,  I  will 
not  say.  I  have  too  long  been  connected  with  public  life  to 
expect  any  consideration  to  be  had  of  one's  private  feelings, 
on  an  occasion  of  this  kind. 

Often  as  I  have  had  occasion  to  marvel,  in  the  course  of 
my  life,  at  the  diametrically  opposite  views  which  are  taken 
of  the  same  subject  by  men  who  might  rather  have  been  ex- 
pected to  agree  with  each  other,  I  have  never  been  more 
astonished  with  this  difference  of  opinion  and  judgment  than 
on  the  present  occasion.  Let  me,  as  briefly  as  possible, 
narrate  the  facts  of  the  case.  This  Committee  of  One  Hun- 
dred, raised  by  the  citizens  at  large,  assembled  in  Faneuil 
Hall  to  take  suitable  measures  to  do  honor  to  the  memory  of 
Mr.  Webster,  appointed  a  sub-committee  of  ten  (which  has 
been  called  the  executive  committee),  to  consider  and  report 
the  measures  proper  to  be  adopted.  They  reported  in  favor 
of  a  bronze  statue  of  heroic  size,  to  be  executed  by  some  dis- 
tinguished American  artist.  This  report  was  unanimously 
adopted  by  the  general  Committee  of  One  Hundred,  and  the 
executive  committee  was  instructed  to  carry  it  into  effect.  The 
executive  committee  appointed  a  sub-committee  of  three,  of 
whom  I  had  the  honor  to  be  one,  to  select  the  artist.  The 
majority  of  that  committee  gave  a  decided  preference  to  Mr. 
Powers ;  the  other  member  of  the  committee  acquiesced,  and 
a  unanimous  report  in  favor  of  his  being  employed  was  made 
to  the  committee  of  ten,  and  accepted  by  them. 

The  choice  lay  between  Mr.  Powers  and  Mr.  Crawford, 
and  Mr.  Powers  was  selected  by  the  sub-committee  as  being, 
in  the  opinion  of  the  majority  of  its  members,  the  most  skil- 
ful, as  he  was  the  oldest,  of  the  living  American  sculptors ; 
comparatively  at  leisure,  while  Mr.  Crawford's  hands  were 
filled  with  government  commissions  for  the  new  wings  of  the 
Capitol,  for  which  Mr.  Powers  declined  being  a  candidate ; 
and,  above  all,  as  having  modelled  Mr.  Webster's  head  from 
life,  during  a  three  weeks'  visit  for  that  purpose  at  Marshfield, 
—  an  advantage  possessed  by  no  other  artist. 

Mi\  Powers  was  immediately  written  to,  a  contract  was 
made,  the  statue  executed,  but  lost  at  sea  on  its  way  to  this 


148  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

country.  A  duplicate  of  the  statue  was  ordered  on  the  unan- 
imous vote  of  the  executive  committee,  and  was  received  in 
Boston  in  the  third  week  of  last  January.  No  spot  having 
been  definitively  fixed  upon  for  its  erection,  it  was  placed  tem- 
porarily in  the  hall  of  entrance  of  the  Athenaeum,  and  in  a 
very  bad  light.  Under  these  circumstances  unfavorable  judg- 
ments, as  in  all  similar  cases,  as  I  shall  presently  show,  were 
expressed  of  the  statue.  It  was  immediately  made  the  subject 
of  hasty  newspaper  criticism,  as  also  generally  happens,  and 
something  like  a  public  opinion  by  degrees  created  against 
it ;  the  friends  of  the  statue,  as  is  usually  the  case,  forbearing 
to  enter  into  controversy,  and  not  doubting  that  justice  would 
eventually  prevail.  These  events  took  place  while  I  was 
absent  from  Boston. 

On  my  return,  and  on  the  12th  of  February,  a  meeting 
was  called  of  the  executive  committee,  of  which  I  was  the 
acting  chairman,  to  take  measures  for  the  definitive  erection 
of  the  statue.  Unfavorable  opinions  of  its  merits  were  ex- 
pressed by  one  or  two  members  of  the  committee,  but  not 
the  slightest  intimation  made  by  any  gentleman  that  the 
statue  ought  not  to  be  put  up  in  the  most  conspicuous  and 
honorable  place  that  could  be  obtained.  The  head  of  State 
Street  had  been  originally  contemplated,  but  there  were  serious 
objections  to  putting  it  there.  Permission  had  been  kindly 
granted  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Interior  to  place  it,  if  it 
should  be  so  desired,  in  the  vestibule  of  the  building  fitted  up 
as  a  United  States  Court- House ;  but  it  was  decided  to  rec- 
ommend to  the  Committee  of  One  Hundred  to  apply  to  the 
Legislature,  through  the  Governor,  for  leave  to  place  it  on 
some  suitable  spot  within  the  State-House  grounds.  It  was 
not  competent  for  the  executive  committee  to  make  this  appli- 
cation, without  authority  from  the  general  Committee  of  One 
Hundred,  inasmuch  as  this  last-named  body  had  originally 
accepted  a  report  recommending  the  head  of  State  Street. 

Accordingly,  on  the  17th  of  February,  the  Committee  of 
One  Hundred  was  called  together,  and  a  report  of  all  the 
proceedings  of  the  executive  committee  was  made  by  me,  as 
its  acting  chairman.  That  report  concluded  with  the  following 
resolution :  — 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  149 

"  Resolved,  That  the  jexecutive  committee  be,  and  they  are  hereby 
authorized  and  directed  to  make  application,  through  his  Excellency 
the  Governor,  to  the  Legislature  of  the  Commonwealth,  for  permis- 
sion to  set  up  the  statue  of  Mr.  Webster  on  some  suitable  spot  within 
the  State-House  grounds,  at  the  expense  of  the  "  Webster  Memorial 
Fund  "  ;  and,  in  case  the  application  be  granted,  that  the  said  committee 
be  authorized  and  directed  to  make  all  suitable  arrangements  to  carry 
the  same  into  effect,  provided  the  expense  of  the  same  shall  not  ex- 
ceed the  amount  of  funds  in  the  hands  of  the  committee." 

This  meeting  of  the  17th  of  February  was  not  large, 
though  the  attendance  was  very  nearly  equal  to  that  of  the 
meeting  where  the  original  measures  were  adopted,  in  1853. 
I  believe  that  every  one  of  the  gentlemen,  now  actively  en- 
gaged in  procuring  the  present  meeting  in  opposition  to  the 
statue,  was  present  at  the  meeting  of  the  17th  of  February. 
Not  a  word  was  said  by  any  individual  against  the  report, 
or  the  resolution  with  which  it  concluded ;  and  it  was  ac- 
cepted without  a  call  for  a  division,  and  with  a  single  dis- 
senting voice. 

Thus  instructed,  as  the  organ  of  the  executive  committee, 
I  addressed  a  letter  to  the  Governor,  enclosing  a  copy  of  the 
resolution  just  referred  to.  My  letter  and  the  resolution 
were  communicated  by  Governor  Banks  to  the  House  of 
Representatives,  in  a  special  message,  recommending,  in  a 
very  handsome  and  liberal  manner,  that  the  permission  should 
be  granted ;  a  favorable  report  on  the  subject  was  made  in 
the  House  of  Representatives,  and  a  resolve  granting  the 
desired  permission  passed  the  two  houses  unanimously,  on 
the  5th  of  April. 

On  my  return  from  another  visit  to  the  South,  I  received 
from  the  Governor,  on  the  2d  of  May,  a  certified  copy  of  this 
resolve,  together  with  the  names  of  the  Commissioners  on 
the  part  of  the  Commonwealth  for  selecting  the  spot  within 
the  State-House  grounds.  I  called  together  the  committee 
of  ten  (reduced  to  eight  by  the  removal  of  one  gentleman 
from  the  city  and  the  withdrawal  of  another  from  the  com- 
mittee, for  reasons  not  connected  with  the  statue),  and  to  my 
profound  astonishment,  instead  of  taking  measures  to  carry 


150  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

into  effect  the  resolution  of  the  17th  of.  February,  by  which 
we  were  positively  directed  to  put  up  the  statue  in  the  State- 
House  grounds,  if  permission  should  be  granted  (and  which 
was  the  only  business  before  the  executive  committee  under 
any  instructions  of  the  Committee  of  One  Hundred),  a  sug- 
gestion was  made  that  a  meeting  of  the  One  Hundred  should 
be  called  to  consider  the  expediency  of  procuring  another 
statue  of  Mr.  Webster !  Three  of  the  eight  members  of  the 
executive  committee  being  absent,  all  of  whom  were  friendly 
to  the  statue,  the  meeting  was  adjourned  without  coming  to 
any  conclusion.  At  the  adjourned  meeting  a  formal  motion 
was  drafted,  that  the  executive  committee  proceed  to  in- 
quire on  what  terms  a  statue  of  Mr.  Webster  by  Mr.  Thomas 
Ball  could  be  procured.  The  name  of  this  artist  was  subse- 
quently withdrawn,  and  the  motion  being  put,  was  rejected, 
two  members  of  the  committee  only  voting  in  the  affirma- 
tive. A  motion  in  favor  of  again  calling  the  One  Hundred 
together  was  then  made,  and  negatived  by  the  same  vote, 
and  a  resolution  finally  adopted  (two  votes  only  in  the  nega- 
tive), that  the  executive  committee  should  proceed  to  obey 
the  instructions  given,  as  I  have  said,  on  the  17th  of  February, 
with  a  single  dissenting  voice,  by  the  Committee  of  One 
Hundred,  and  erect  the  statue  in  the  State-House  grounds. 

At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings,  it  was  announced  by  the 
Secretary  of  the  executive  committee,  who  is  a  member  as 
well  as  the  Secretary  of  the  general  Committee  of  One  Hun- 
dred, that  he  had  received  a  paper,  signed  by  seventeen  mem- 
bers of  the  general  Committee,  requiring  him  to  call  that 
body  together,  to  give  further  instructions  to  the  executive 
committee  relative  to  the  disposition  of  Mr.  Powers's  statue, 
and  that  he  should  do  so. 

Here  it  is  necessary  to  state,  that  in  the  month  of  April, 
after  the  passage  of  the  resolve  of  the  Legislature  granting 
permission  to  erect  the  statue  in  the  State-House  grounds,  a 
copy  of  Mr.  Ball's  statuette  of  Mr.  Webster  had  been  placed 
in  the  vestibule  of  the  Athenaeum  (not,  however,  in  conformity 
with  the  wishes  of  Mr.  Ball),  near  the  statue  by  Mr.  Powers, 
and  an  anonymous  paper  alluding  to  that  fact,  and  severely 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  151 

condemning  the  statue,  had  been  printed  and  circulated,  in- 
viting subscriptions  to  a  call  of  a  meeting  of  the  One  Hun- 
dred, "  to  afford  an  opportunity  for  further  consideration, 
before  the  irrevocable  act  of  placing  the  statue  in  the 
grounds  of  the  Capitol  is  consummated."  In  the  course  of 
five  or  six  weeks  seventeen  signatures  were  affixed  to  a 
requisition  for  a  meeting  (which  was  stated  to  be  "  for  the 
purpose  of  considering  whether  it  is  expedient  to  give  further 
instructions  to  the  executive  committee  respecting  the  dispo- 
sition of  Mr.  Powers's  statue  of  Webster"),  and  the  present 
meeting  has  been  called.  Since  it  was  summoned,  the  secre- 
tary has  just  informed  us  that  seventeen  additional  names 
have  been  procured.* 

Such,  as  briefly  as  I  have  been  able  to  state  it,  is  the  his- 
tory of  the  proceedings  which  have  been  had  in  reference  to 
the  statue,  and  of  the  attempt  to  reverse  them,  which  is  the 
object  of  this  meeting.  I  must  own,  sir,  and  I  desire  to  say 
it  with  all  respect  to  the  gentlemen  concerned  in  the  move- 
ment, that  I  think  they  cannot  have  duly  considered  its  true 
nature  and  character.  Let  me  submit  to  them  a  parallel  case. 
The  citizens  of  Boston,  originally  on  the  suggestion  of  my 
much-valued  friend,  Mr.  R.  C.  Winthrop,  took  measures  five 
or  six  years  ago  to  erect  a  monumental  statue  of  Franklin, — 
a  most  appropriate  and  becoming  tribute  to  the  greatest  na- 
tive son  of  Boston.  Though  less  personally  connected  with 
him  than  the  men  of  this  generation  are  with  Mr.  Webster, 
it  was  not  less  our  duty  to  posterity  to  hand  down  a  truthful 
memorial  of  this  not  less  illustrious  name.  Well,  sir,  a  com- 
mittee was  appointed,  subscriptions  were  raised,  an  artist 
selected,  the  statue  modelled  and  cast,  and  permission  as>ked 
and  obtained  of  the  city  government  to  erect  it  in  a  public 
square.  Thus  far,  as  you  see,  the  cases  are  precisely  parallel, 
with  the  exception  that,  in  reference  to  the  statue  of  Mr. 
Webster,  the  more  formal  step  of  an  application  to  the  Legis- 
lature through  the  Governor  of  the  Commonwealth,  followed 

*  It  appears  that  several  of  the  signatures  to  this  requisition  were  given 
by  persons  friendly  to  the  erection  of  the  statue,  in  entire  misapprehension 
of  the  objects  for  which  the  meeting  was  called. 


152  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

by  the  joint  resolution  of  the  two  houses,  had  been  taken. 
Now  I  have  ever  thought  most  favorably  of  this  statue  of 
Franklin.  It  formed  the  topic  of  two  pages  in  the  discourse 
which  I  delivered  in  Boston,  on  "  the  early  days  of  Franklin," 
last  January,  and  which  was  repeated  in  several  other  cities. 
I  there  expressed  the  opinion  that  it  was  an  "  admirable " 
work,  and  so  I  esteem  it.  But  its  greatest  admirers  will  not 
claim  that  it  is  perfect,  nor  that  no  other  good  statue  of 
Franklin  can  be  made.  It  gives  only  one  conception  of  his 
character,  that  of  a  serene  equanimity  verging  toward  the 
decline  of  life.  It  gives  nothing  of  the  bolder  traits  of 
Franklin's  character;  nothing  of  the  spirit  that  stood  erect 
before  the  privy  council,  nor  of  the  heroism  that  entered,  with 
an  armed  kite,  into  the  thunder-cloud.  I  have  even  heard 
serious  anatomical  defects  pointed  out  in  it  by  good  judges. 
Of  these  I  do  not  pretend  to  have  an  opinion.  Now  sup- 
pose, after  all  the  steps  above  enumerated  had  been  taken, 
and  while  Mr.  Richard  Greenough's  statue  stood  on  temporary 
exhibition  in  a  dark  corner  (like  that  where  Powers's  statue 
of  Webster  now  stands),  a  popular  statuette  of  Franklin  had 
been  procured,  representing  another  and  more  spirited  con- 
ception of  his  character,  and  free  from  the  alleged  defects 
alluded  to,  —  had  been  placed  for  contrast  by  the  side  of  the 
statue  of  Mr.  Greenough,  the  newspapers  filled  with  the  bit- 
terest sarcasm  and  ridicule  of  his  work,  an  anonymous  printed 
paper,  denouncing  the  work,  circulated  to  rally  and  organize 
this  opposition,  and  at  length  a  meeting  like  this  called  to 
undo  all  the  former  proceedings,  and  to  procure  the  repudi- 
ation of  Mr.  Greenough's  statue,  can  there  be  two  opinions 
whether  or  not  this  would  have  been  a  most  unjust  procedure, 
cruel  toward  the  artist,  a  trifling  with  the  city  government, 
and  disrespectful  toward  the  executive  committee,  who  had 
acted  under  the  unanimous  instructions  of  their  constituents  ? 
And  yet,  sir,  in  this  supposed  case  I  have  omitted  some 
features  of  hardship  which  exist  in  the  case  before  you,  and 
which  give  a  still  more  oppressive  character  to  the  move- 
ment. 

Much    unfavorable   criticism   has    been  expended  on    Mr. 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  153 

Powers's  statue ;  much  said  here  and  in  the  newspapers  on 
the  injustice  which  it  does  to  the  great  original ;  but  the  same 
criticisms,  or  criticisms  still  more  severe,  are  almost  sure  to 
be  made  upon  all  attempts  to  portray  the  likenesses,  whether 
by  painting  or  statuary,  of  very  eminent  men.  They  arise 
partly  from  the  unavoidable  —  the  proverbial  —  difference  of 
judgment  which  always  exists  in  matters  of  taste,  on  the  part 
of  different  observers,  and  then,  in  a  case  like  this,  from  the 
impossibility  of  coming  up  in  any  work  of  art  to  the  exalted 
ideal  image  which  exists  in  the  mind  of  the  observer,  differ- 
ing it  may  be  in  each  individual,  but  in  all  above  the  reach 
of  pencil  or  chisel  fully  to  embody.  Let  me,  sir,  as  briefly 
as  possible,  illustrate  this  insuperable  difficulty,  by  reference 
to  the  five  celebrated  statues  of  Washington,  which  have 
been  erected  in  this  country ;  those  I  mean  of  Houdon,  of 
Canova,  of  Chantrey,  of  Horatio  Greenough,  and  of  Craw- 
ford. There  are  other  statues  of  Washington  by  living  art- 
ists, but  I  confine  myself  for  obvious  reasons  to  those  of  artists 
who  have  passed  away.  Every  one  of  the  works  enume- 
rated is  a  capital  work  by  a  renowned  artist,  so  accepted  and 
regarded  by  the  public ;  and  yet  there  is  not  one  of  them 
on  which  precisely  the  same  unfavorable  criticisms  as  those 
passed  on  the  Powers  statue  have  not  been  or  might  not  be 
made,  and  in  some  cases  criticisms  still  more  severe.  There 
is  not  one  of  them  which  could  have  stood  the  test  to  which 
it  is  proposed  to  subject  this  statue,  —  that  of  a  preliminary 
exhibition. 

To  begin  with  Houdon's,  an  invaluable  statue  by  a  supe- 
rior artist,  modelled  from  life,  and  the  only  one  of  the  five  so 
modelled.  There  is  a  cast  of  it  as  large  as  the  original  in  the 
vestibule  of  the  Athenaeum ;  every  gentleman  can  see  for 
himself  whether  or  not  exceptions  precisely  analogous  to 
those  taken  to  Powers's  Webster  could  be  urged  against  it. 
The  head  is  surpassingly  beautiful,  and  is  the  classical,  stand- 
ard head  of  Washington.  With  respect  to  the  body,  also 
modelled  from  life,  I  will  ask  those  gentlemen  who  complain 
so  much  of  the  statue  of  Mr.  Webster  for  not  giving  you  an 
accurate  idea   of  his   majestic  form,  to  go  and  look  at  the 


154  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

figure  of  Houdon's  Washington,  and  ask  themselves  what 
idea  it  gives  them,  apart  from  the  head,  of  his  majestic  per- 
son. The  fasces  on  the  left  hand  seem  to  me  greatly  out 
of  proportion  to  the  work,  and  otherwise  objectionable; 
though  I  utter  all  these  views  with  extreme  distrust  of  my 
own  judgment.  I  lately  heard  this  statue  pronounced  "  as 
bad  as  a  statue  could  be,"  by  a  gentleman  of  great  intel- 
lectual culture  and  taste  in  a  Southern  city,  —  a  gentleman 
as  likely  to  form  a  correct  opinion  of  a  work  of  art  as  any 
person  in  this  room.  Does  not  every  gentleman  already  see 
that,  with  the  same  local  influences,  the  same  appliances,  the 
same  means  as  those  employed  in  the  case  before  us,  it  would 
have  been  quite  as  easy  to  discredit  Houdon's  Washington, 
in  the  opinion  of  those  who  knew  General  Washington  at  a 
later  period  of  his  life,  and  when  his  person  had  materially 
changed,  as  it  has  been  to  discredit  Powers's  Webster  in  the 
minds  of  some  persons  ? 

The  statue  of  Washington  by  Canova,  made  for  the  State 
of  North  Carolina,  and  destroyed  in  the  great  conflagration 
of  her  Capitol,  comes  next.  I  saw  this  great  work  while  it 
was  in  progress  in  the  studio  of  the  celebrated  sculptor.  I 
conversed  with  him  on  the  difficulties  attending  the  employ- 
ment of  the  modern  costume  in  the  statues  of  great  men. 
He  regarded  these  difficulties  as  insuperable ;  he  thought  it 
was  absolutely  necessary  to  resort  to  the  ancient  costume. 
This  he  did  in  the  case  of  Washington,  and,  regarding  the 
Chieftain  as  the  prominent  conception  of  his  character,  he 
is  represented  in  the  Roman  military  dress,  with  a  brazen 
cuirass,  half  of  the  thigh,  the  knee,  and  legs  bare,  and 
military  sandals ;  and  in  this  costume  he  was  inditing  the 
Constitution  of  the  United  States !  The  head,  if  I  recollect 
right,  was  a  not  very  accurate  repetition  of  Houdon's.  It  is 
unnecessary  to  observe  that,  in  the  facts  I  have  now  stated, 
there  are  ample  materials  for  judgments  of  this  noble  work, 
by  an  artist  who  stood  at  that  time  at  the  head  of  his  profes- 
sion, quite  as  unfavorable  as  those  pronounced  on  the  statue 
of  Mr.  Webster  by  Powers  ;  and  that  if  the  same  course 
had  been  pursued  toward  it,  and  a  preliminary  exhibition  and 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  155 

criticism  insisted  upon,  the  result  must  for  the  moment  have 
been  as  prejudicial  to  its  reputation. 

The  statue  of  Washington  by  Chantrey  stands  on  the 
floor  of  our  State-House.  He  divided  with  Canova  the  palm 
of  mastery  in  his  art,  at  the  time  when  the  statue  was  made, 
which  was  before  Thorwaldsen  had  become,  by  acknowledg- 
ment, equal,  if  not  superior,  to  either  of  them.  I  saw  this 
admirable  work  in  Sir  Francis  Chantrey's  studio  in  London, 
and  I  conferred  with  him  on  the  vexed  question  of  costume, 
repeating  the  substance  of  my  conversations  with  Canova  the 
winter  before.  Sir  Francis  differed  in  toto  ;  he  maintained 
that  historical  truth  and  accuracy  required  that  modern 
statues  should  be  clothed  in  modern  costume,  the  ungainly 
peculiarities  of  which  must  be  evaded  by  selecting  those 
articles  —  cloaks,  mantles,  and  dressing-gowns  —  which  best 
admit  a  flowing  development.  In  pursuance  of  this  view,  he 
draped  Washington  in  a  cloak  ;  a  dignified  and  beautiful 
drapery,  but  certainly  unlike  any  cloak  ever  worn  by  Wash- 
ington ;  entirely  changing  the  aspect  of  his  person,  giving  it 
a  slightly  round-shouldered  appearance  ;  and  assuredly,  if 
Houdon's  statue  is  any  authority,  as  unlike  life  as  possible. 
How  easy  would  it  have  been,  by  placing  a  skilfully  wrought 
statuette  side  by  side  with  this  admirable  statue  on  the  eve 
of  its  erection,  and  exposing  it  to  exhibition  on  probation,  to 
raise  an  outcry  against  it! 

I  come  next  to  the  noble  statue  of  Washington  by  Hora- 
tio Greenough,  originally  placed  in  the  rotunda  of  the  Capi- 
tol at  Washington,  and  afterwards  removed  to  the  open 
grounds  on  the  eastern  front,  —  removed,  too,  with  the  full 
consent  of  the  gifted  artist ;  and  this  I  mention  to  show  the 
importance  to  a  work  of  art  of  its  being  seen  in  a  favorable 
light.  Although  his  statue  was  originally  intended  to  stand 
in  that  magnificent  hall,  the  central  point  of  the  Union, 
where,  over  all  other  places  in  the  world  an  American  artist 
would  most  wish  to  set  up  a  statue,  he  yet  preferred,  on  ac- 
count of  the  disadvantageous  lights  under  which  it  was  there 
seen,  that  it  should  be  removed  into  the  Capitol  square,  and 
exposed  to  the  elements,  although,  being  of  marble,  it  must 


156  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

necessarily  perish  by  corrosion  in  the  lapse  of  years,  and  in 
no  very  long  time  lose  all  the  beauty  of  its  surface,  to  say 
nothing  of  injuries  by  wanton  hands,  from  which  it  has 
already  suffered.  We  all  remember  the  shout  of  derision 
raised  against  this  magnificent  work.  For  myself,  sir,  I 
greatly  admired  it.  I  saw  it  in  Florence  under  the  hands  of 
the  sculptor,  whom  I  most  highly  esteemed  as  an  artist  and 
cherished  as  a  friend.  I  wrote  an  article,  in  which  I  endeav- 
ored to  do  full  justice  to  its  merits,  in  one  of  the  periodicals 
of  the  day.  I  declared  that  if  it  had  been  dug  up  from  the 
ground,  stained  and  mutilated,  like  the  works  of  the  ancient 
sculptors,  it  would  be  thought  equal  to  any  of  them ;  and 
yet,  sir,  the  terms  of  disparagement  and  ridicule  so  liberally 
bestowed  upon  Mr.  Powers's  Webster  are  complimentary  com- 
pared with  those  lavished  upon  Greenough's  Washington. 
They  stung  the  generous  and  sensitive  artist  to  madness,  as 
the  motion  on  your  table,  if  it  takes  effect,  will  sting  an  artist 
equally  gifted,  generous,  and  sensitive.  Mr.  Greenough  once 
wrote  me,  in  the  bitterness  of  his  heart,  that  he  intended  to 
make  an  equestrian  statue  of  Washington  in  small-clothes 
and  Hussar  boots,  to  show  his  loving  countrymen  that  he 
was  a  tolerable  tailor  and  bootmaker,  which  they  seemed  to 
think  was  the  main  thing  in  a  sculptor. 

Mr.  Crawford's  superb  equestrian  statue  at  Richmond 
closes  the  list.  I  had  the  good  fortune  to  be  present  at  its 
inauguration  on  the  22d  of  February,  1858 ;  and  at  the  ban- 
quet in  the  evening  I  expressed,  in  the  most  fervent  language 
I  could  command,  the  sincere  admiration  with  which  I  re- 
garded it.  And  yet,  sir,  I  have  heard  it  spoken  of  in  refer- 
ence to  almost  every  point  both  of  the  horse  and  rider,  and  that 
by  persons  of  intelligence,  culture,  and  influence,  in  terms  far 
more  severe  than  any  that  I  have  heard  applied  to  Powers?s 
Webster ;  and  these  remarks  have  been  extended  to  the  fig- 
ures of  Patrick  Henry  and  Mr.  Jefferson,  which  form  part  of 
the  monumental  work.  I  could,  if  I  were  willing  to  do  so,  give 
these  unfavorable  judgments  in  minute  detail.  Sir,  these  se- 
vere critics,  in  all  these  cases,  supposing  them  to  be  competent 
judges  of  works  of  art,  forget  that  no  human  work  is  perfect; 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  157 

that  nothing  is  easier  than  to  find  fault ;  and  that,  with  refer- 
ence to  matters  of  taste,  there  is  almost  invariably  a  differ- 
ence of  opinion,  and  nowhere  so  surely  as  in  works  of  this 
kind. 

Now,  sir,  when,  in  meetings  of  the  executive  committee,  I 
have  urged  considerations  of  this  kind,  two  answers  only 
have  been  attempted :  one,  that  they  are  irrelevant.  What, 
irrelevant  to  show,  by  these  five  capital  examples,  what  might 
also  be  shown  of  all  the  portraits  of  Washington  ever  painted, 
and  of  Stuart's  not  less  than  any  of  them,  that  you  are 
applying  a  test  to  Powers's  statue  of  Webster  which,  if 
applied  to  all  these  first-rate  works,  not  one  would  sustain 
any  better  than  his?  Not  relevant  to  argue  the  injustice 
of  the  course  you  are  pursuing  against  this  statue,  by  show- 
ing that  the  same  course,  if  equally  pursued  toward  the 
statues  of  Houdon,  Canova,  Chantrey,  Horatio  and  Richard 
Greenough,  and  Crawford,  would  have  prevented  every  one 
of  them  from  ever  reaching  its  pedestal  ? 

The  other  answer  which  has    been  given  to  these  consid- 
erations is,  that  the  cases  are  different.     None  of  us,  it  is  said, 
have  seen  Washington ;  we  are  either  comparatively  ignorant 
or  indifferent  how  he  looked  or  how  he  is  represented.     Mr. 
Webster  we  have  seen  and  known ;  we  carry  his  image  in 
our  minds,  and  it  is  our  duty  to  see  it  faithfully  reproduced 
in  the  statue.     But  I  do  not  admit  this  indifference  to  Wash- 
ington's likeness.      I  do    not    admit   that  the  statues   have 
been   allowed  to   go  up,  merely  because  men  did  not  care 
how  he  was  represented.      They  have  been  allowed  to    go 
up  because  they  were  the  works  of   capital  artists,  and  be- 
cause it  is  impossible  in  works  of    art  that  all  should  see 
and  judge  alike.     Besides,  sir,  this   answer  strengthens   my 
argument..    If  the  test  you  apply  is  one  which  not  one  of 
these  accepted   statues  can   sustain,  where  the  conditions  of 
a  satisfactory  work  are  so  comparatively  easy,  how  can  it  be 
with  any  equity  applied  in  this  case,  where  you  have  got  to 
satisfy   an   ideal   in   every   man's   heart,   and   reproduce    Mr. 
Webster  in  such  a  way  as  to  satisfy  the  multiform  tastes  and 
recollections  of  the   thousands  and  tens  of  thousands  who 


158  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

knew  him  personally,  and  flatter  themselves  they  can  measure 
with  their  eye,  in  a  cursory  inspection,  more  accurately  than 
an  experienced  sculptor  with  the  callipers  in  his  hand  ? 

But  I  do  not  rest  the  case  merely  on  the  ground  that  the 
exceptions  taken  to  Mr.  Powers's  statue  are  no  other,  no  great- 
er in  kind  or  degree,  than  those  taken  to  other  similar  works. 
With  entire  deference  to  those  who  differ  from  me,  I  main- 
tain that  it  is  a  first-rate  work ;  true  to  nature  and  life,  in 
countenance  and  expression,  form  and  action ;  worthy  of  the 
great  artist  and  of  the  great  man  whom  it  faithfully  portrays. 
To  support  this  opinion,  I  proceed  to  make  a  few  remarks 
upon  the  statue,  in  reference  to  the  several  points  of  head 
and  expression,  form  and  action,  costume  and  accessories; 
for  these  four  points  are,  I  suppose,  all  that  are  material  to 
be  considered. 

I  begin  with  what  I  consider  the  least  material,  and  first 
the  accessories,  —  the  fasces  symbolizing  the  Union  of  the 
States.  I  own  that  I  do  not  much  like  the  admixture  of  sym- 
bols of  any  kind  with  portraiture,  and  I  do  not  particularly  ad- 
mire this  part  of  the  work.  It  is  a  very  difficult  part  of  a 
statue  to  treat.  Most  sculptors  think  a  support  of  this  kind 
necessary  to  give  a  balance  to  the  work,  but  it  is  difficult  to 
give  it  pertinence  and  character.  It  is  treated  in  different 
ways  in  Mr.  Ball's  statuette  (which  has  been  placed  in  con- 
trast with  Powers's  statue)  and  in  Mr.  Ball's  statue;  in  one 
it  is  on  the  right  hand  and  in  the  other  on  the  left ;  in  the  one 
it  is  higher  than  in  the  other ;  in  the  one  it  is  draped,  and  in 
the  other  I  think  not ;  and  gentlemen  may  not  find  it  easy  to 
tell,  in  either  case,  precisely  what  the  object  indicated  is.  I 
mention  this  not  invidiously,  but  to  show  the  inherent  difficulty 
in  this  part  of  an  historical  statue.  I  must  say,  as  I  have 
already  observed,  that  I  think  the  fasces  in  Houdon's  statue 
very  heavy,  out  of  proportion,  and  otherwise  objectionable. 

The  costume  of  Powers's  statue  has  been  severely  criticised  ; 
in  fact,  the  weight  of  rebuke  has,  I  think,  fallen  on  the  unlucky 
set  of  the  trousers  on  the  lower  leg.  Well,  sir,  the  costume  is 
modelled  from  nature.  A  suit  of  Mr.  Webster's  garments 
was  sent  to  the  artist,  and  they  were  placed,  not  on  poles,  as 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  159 

one  of  the  gentlemen  who  preceded  me  has  suggested,  but  on 
a  lay  figure  carefully  built  up  for  the  purpose,  of  the  size  of 
life,  as  accurately  as  that  can  be  measured  by  as  true  and 
keen  an  eye  as  ever  beamed  in  the  head  of  man.  They  may 
be  a  trifle  looser  than  Mr.  Webster  would  have  worn  them 
to  an  evening  party,  but  before  gentlemen  conclude  that  they 
would  have  looked  better  or  more  life-like  if  differently 
treated,  they  would  do  well  to  examine  the  effect  of  a  tight 
fit  in  Houdon's  statue  of  Washington,  of  which  the  cast 
stands  side  by  side,  in  the  vestibule  of  the  Athenaeum,  and 
also  to  consider  the  different  appearance  of  woollen  dress  in 
bronze  and  in  plaster,  in  works  of  art  and  in  nature.  A  full- 
length  likeness  was  lately  taken  of  me,  by  one  of  the  very  best 
photographers  in  the  country,  —  Brady  of  New  York.  It  has 
been  thought  very  true  to  nature.  The  figure  is  so  small  as 
not  to  be  affected  by  the  convexity  of  the  lens.  A  member 
of  my  family,  and  a  very  nice  observer,  approving  it  in  other 
respects,  thought  the  lower  garments  and  boots  were  such  as 
I  had  never  worn.  I  was  wearing  at  the  time,  and  had  worn 
for  weeks,  the  identical  articles  in  which  the  photograph  was 
taken  ! 

The  person  and  action  of  the  statue  have  been  much  ob- 
jected to  as  by  no  means  characteristic  or  expressive.  The 
figure  has  been  called  lank  and  slouching ;  it  has  been  said 
that  Mr.  Webster's  attitude  was  firm,  and  rested  equally  on 
both  feet,  and  that  he  never,  "  from  the  cradle  to  his  grave," 
stood  as  this  statue  represents  him.  Sir,  gentlemen  are  mis- 
led by  their  recent  recollections  of  Mr.  Webster.  The  atti- 
tude to  which  they  allude,  and  which  I  think  they  exaggerate, 
grew  upon  him  with  the  increase  of  his  person,  towards  the 
close  of  his  life.  I  knew  him  a  good  deal  nearer  the  cradle 
than  most  gentlemen ;  at  least,  than  any  one  who  has  spoken 
here  to-day.  I  went  to  school  to  him  before  he  was  twenty- 
one  years  of  age ;  and  if  I  could  draw,  I  could  give  you  his 
figure,  down  to  the  exact  shape  of  the  toe  of  his  boot,  as 
accurately  as  I  could  give  you  the  faces  at  my  breakfast-table 
this  morning.  I  have  his  portrait,  painted  by  a  respectable 
artist,  when  he  was  about  thirty-six  years  of  age  ;  it  gives 


160  POWEES'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

but  the  head  and  shoulders,  but  you  can  judge  from  them 
that  there  was,  at  that  time,  nothing  of  what  you  demand  as 
the  true  Websterian  attitude  ;  and  yet,  sir,  this  was  at  the 
age  when  he  argued  the  Dartmouth  College  case.  He  was 
then  rather  spare  than  stout.  Advancing  in  life,  as  very  fre- 
quently happens,  he  increased  in  size,  and  his  carriage  and 
attitude  changed  accordingly.  This  is  unavoidable ;  tall 
men  stoop;  short  men,  if  stout,  hold  themselves  erect,  rather 
leaning  back ;  and  a  tallish  man,  but  moderately  portly,  has 
a  sway  of  movement,  which  disappears  with  increase  of  bulk. 
This  change  is  not  noticed,  because  it  comes  on,  in  most 
cases,  gradually.  When  I  returned  from  Europe  in  1845, 
after  more  than  five  years'  absence,  I  was  very  much  struck 
with  the  alteration  which  had  taken  place  in  Mr.  Webster's 
face  and  figure  in  the  interval.  If  the  change  were  made  at 
once,  it  would  always  strike  the  observer.  If  you  took  a 
cincture  weighing  twenty-five  or  thirty  pounds,  and  placed  it 
round  the  person,  you  would  immediately  change  the  car- 
riage of  the  individual,  and  cause  him  to  stand  more  squarely 
on  his  feet.  I  make  these  remarks,  not  on  my  own  author- 
ity, but  on  that  of  one  of  the  most  skilful  artists  in  Boston, 
and  they  have  been  confirmed  to  me  by  one  of  our  most 
eminent  anatomists.  If  gentlemen  will  trace  the  person  of 
Washington,  as  it  appears  in  Peale's  portrait,  painted  in 
1770,  in  Houdon's  statue,  modelled  in  1785,  and  Stuart's 
full  length,  painted  about  ten  years  later,  they  will  find  it 
difficult  to  believe,  without  the  head,  that  any  two  of  these 
likenesses  belonged  to  the  same  individual. 

That  I  do  not  stand  alone  in  these  views,  let  me  read  you 
a  letter  from  a  gentleman  of  great  discernment  and  of  the 
highest  intelligence,  who  knew  Mr.  Webster  well  at  the  me- 
ridian of  his  days ;  I  mean  Professor  Theophilus  Parsons  of 
the  Law  School  of  Cambridge  :  — 

"  Cambridge,  June  6,  1859. 

"  Dear  Sir,  —  I  observe  that  there  is  some  difficulty  as  to  the 
proper  disposition  of  Mr.  Powers's  statue  of  Mr.  Webster,  and  have 
thought  my  testimony  might  not  be  worthless.  Late  in  1822  I  went 
to  Washington  with  Mr.  Webster,  being  employed  by  claimants  under 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  161 

the  treaty  with  Spain.  I  had  been  much  with  Mr.  "Webster  before, 
and  for  some  months  in  Washington  lived  in  the  same  house  with  him, 
and  worked  in  the  same  room.  Soon  after  my  return  I  left  Boston 
for  some  years,  and  my  intimacy  with  Mr.  Webster  was  never  resumed. 
I  have  always  remembered  him  better  as  he  appeared  then  than  as  he 
appeared  at  a  later  period.  I  am  certain  that  Mr.  Powers's  statue  is 
exceedingly  like  Mr.  Webster,  as  he  was  from  forty  to  fifty.  I  have 
studied  it  with  much  interest.  The  bronze  face  is  as  good  every- 
where as  the  marble  bust  of  Powers,  from  which  it  was  copied,  and  is 
better  in  some  respects,  —  indicating  that  Mr.  Powers  had  profited  by 
criticism. 

"  Mr.  Webster  argued  many  cases  before  the  Supreme  Court  that 
session.  I  assisted  him  in  preparing  his  briefs,  and  for  that  reason 
as  well  as  others  was  interested  in  the  cases,  and  listened  to  every 
argument,  I  have  now  a  perfectly  distinct  recollection  of  his  attitude 
and  manner,  and  in  all  these  respects  the  bronze  statue  is  perfectly 
accurate.  Later  in  life  he  became  more  fleshy  in  face  and  figure ; 
and  perhaps,  because  years  diminished  the  vigor  and  tension  of  the 
muscles  and  fibres,  there  was  a  relaxation  about  the  features  and 
figure  and  attitude  which  had  no  existence  at  an  earlier  period,  and 
have  none  in  the  statue. 

"  If  younger  men  (and  they  are  now  the  great  majority)  wish  for  a 
statue  of  Mr.  Webster  representing  him  as  they  knew  him,  let  it 
be  made.  But  if  the  evidence  of  those  who  remember  Mr.  Web- 
ster best,  as  he  appeared  from  thirty  to  forty  years  ago,  can  be  gathered, 
I  am  sure  that  the  work  of  Mr.  Powers  will  be  proved  to  be  true  to 
its  original,  in  form  and  feature,  in  character,  expression,  and  attitude. 
"  Very  sincerely  yours, 

"  Theo.  Parsons." 

Such  is  Mr.  Parsons's  testimony.  I  will  only  add,  sir,  to 
show  the  looseness  of  observation  which  has  existed  in  this 
case,  that  neither  Mr.  Ball's  statuette  nor  his  statue,  which 
have  both  been  commended  as  standing  evenly  on  both  feet 
and  legs,  does  really  stand  in  that  manner.  The  right  foot 
in  both  of  them  is  somewhat  advanced,  and  the  figure  is  not 
drawn  up  into  the  peculiar  attitude  which  has  been  declared 
to  be  so  characteristic  of  Mr.  Webster. 

I  come  now  to  the  head,  the  face,  and  expression,  —  surely 
the  most  important,  —  the  vital  part  of  a  statue;   although 

vol.  iv.  11 


162  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

the  extraordinary  paradox  has  been  advanced  in  opposition 
to  Mr.  Powers's  statue,  that  the  person  is  more  so ;  that  the 
form  and  movement  are  more  significant,  it  has  been  said, 
than  nose  and  eyebrow.  How  happens  it,  then,  that  from 
the  dawn  of  art  heads  without  bodies,  busts  without  the 
person,  have  been  sculptured  to  preserve  the  memory  of  their 
originals ;  but  never,  from  the  days  of  Daedalus  to  the  present 
time,  was  a  headless  body  sculptured  for  that  purpose  ?  A 
good  deal  has  been  said,  in  this  connection,  of  the  majestic 
expressiveness  of  Mr.  Webster's  person.  I  hope,  sir,  I  am 
not  insensible  to  what  there  was  of  grand  and  imposing  about 
him  in  that,  as  in  every  other  respect;  but  I  rather  think, 
when  you  come  to  separate  head  and  body,  and  claim  for  the 
latter  by  itself  a  peculiar  significance,  particularly  when  cast 
in  bronze,  that  a  good  deal  of  imagination  will  be  found  to 
enter  into  the  impression.  A  noble  head  may  impart  a  por- 
tion of  its  grandeur  even  to  an  ungainly  person ;  but  I  doubt 
if  the  trunk  of  the  Apollo  would  be  thought  anything  better 
than  a  piece  of  well-shaped  flesh,  if  surmounted  by  a  stupid, 
unmeaning  face. 

Besides,  sir,  gentlemen  demand  from  the  bronze  what,  from 
the  nature  of  the  case,  can  exist  only  in  the  living  man. 
They  have  in  their  imaginations  (as  they  think)  the  image  of 
the  great  statesman  himself,  —  the  whole  beaming  counte- 
nance, the  flashing  eye,  the  lip  quivering  with  emotion,  the 
throbbing  veins,  the  heaving  muscles  of  the  sinewy  frame, 
all  tuned  in  concert  with  the  clarion  voice  still  ringing  in  their 
ears ;  and  they  complain  that  the  lifeless,  rigid  bronze  does 
not  produce  the  same  effect  upon  them.  Sir,  if  you  stood 
before  Mr.  Webster  himself,  and  the  hand  of  a  superior  pow- 
er should  strike  him  into  monumental  bronze,  giving  him  this 
ghastly  metallic  hue,  seal  his  eyes  and  lips,  stiffen  his  legs, 
paralyze  his  arms,  and  cause  him  to  stand  stark  and  cold 
before  you,  motionless  and  speechless,  would  you  not  cry  out, 
in  amazement,  Quantum  mutatus  !  —  how  changed  from  him 
whose  voice,  and  look,  and  gesture  caused  your  flesh  to  creep 
with  delighted  awe  ?  When  you  complain  of  the  statue  for 
not  inspiring  you  with  those  feelings  which  you  experienced 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  163 

in  the  presence  of  the  living  man,  you  simply  complain  of  it 
for  not  being  more  like  Mr.  Webster  than  he  would  have 
been  like  himself,  if  converted,  by  some  magic  power,  into 
bronze. 

No,  sir,  the  head,  the  countenance,  and  the  expression  are 
the  vital  part  of  the  statue,  especially  in  the  case  of  such  a 
head  as  Mr.  Webster's ;  and  of  the  sufficiency  of  Mr.  Pow- 
ers's  work  in  this  respect  I  happen  to  have  it  in  my  power  to 
produce  a  testimonial  which  I  hope  will  convince  even  those 
who  have  hitherto  been  dissatisfied  on  that  point;  it  is 
nothing  less  than  the  judgment  of  Mr.  Webster  himself!  I 
had  been  informed  some  time  ago  that  Mr.  Webster  had, 
in  the  hearing  of  a  gentleman  here  present  (Mr.  Harvey), 
stamped  Mr.  Powers's  marble  bust  with  his  approbation  ;  and, 
anxious  not  to  mistake  or  exaggerate  his  testimony,  I  ad- 
dressed the  following  note  to  Mr.  Harvey,  to  know  if  my 
recollection  was  correct :  — 

"Boston,  June  3,  1859. 
"My  dear  Sir: —  You  informed  me  the  other  day,  that  you  went 
with  Mr.  Webster  to  look  at  Powers's  bust  in  the  Athenaeum  gallery, 
shortly  after  Mr.  Healey's  great  picture  was  open  to  inspection,  and 
that,  after  contemplating  the  bust  with  fixed  attention  for  some  time, 
Mr.  Webster,  in  reply  to  some  criticism  of  yours,  observed  that  '  it 
was  the  best  likeness  of  him  that  had  been  made,  and  a  faithful  rep- 
resentation of  him  at  his  prime.' 

"  Please  let  me  know  whether  I  have  accurately  remembered  your 
statement,  and  whether  you  are  willing  I  should  make  use  of  it  at  the 
meeting  next  Wednesday. 

"  With  great  regard,  very  truly  yours, 

"  Edward  Everett. 
"  Peter  Harvey,  Esq." 

To  this  inquiry  Mr.  Harvey  responded  that  I  had  accu- 
rately stated  Mr.  Webster's  opinion,  most  emphatically  pro- 
nounced. 

But  it  may  occur  to  some  one  to  ask  whether  the  bronze 
head  faithfully  represents  the  marble.  I  have  examined  that 
point,  passing  from  one  to  the  other  with  care,  and  I  do  not 
scruple  to  affirm  that  the  bronze  is  a  decided  improvement 


164  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

on  the  marble.  There  is  a  certain  protrusion  of  the  left  side 
of  the  under  lip  in  the  marble  which  some  of  the  friends  of 
Mr.  Webster  disliked.  Mr.  Powers,  indeed,  always  affirmed 
that  it  was  so  natural,  —  so  habitual,  —  that  the  teeth  were 
worn  away  by  the  motion  of  the  jaw,  which  gave  this  effect 
to  the  lip.  It  is  somewhat  exaggerated  in  the  engraving  pre- 
fixed to  the  first  volume  of  Mr.  Webster's  works,  being  less 
considerable  in  the  marble  than  those  who  take  it  for  granted 
that  the  print  is  accurately  engraved  would  suppose.  Still, 
however,  there  is  something  of  it,  and  Mr.  Powers,  well 
aware  that,  however  habitual  that  expression  might  be,  there 
were  other  shades  of  expression  equally  so,  has,  in  the  bronze, 
effectually  removed  the  objection  ;  and  the  head  now  stands, 
I  verily  believe,  as  noble  and  true  a  head  as  was  ever  fash- 
ioned by  the  chisel  of  the  sculptor.  Let  me  confirm  my 
impressions  on  this  subject  by  the  testimony  of  an  artist  of 
great  merit,  who  has  himself  portrayed  Mr.  Webster,  face 
and  person,  with  entire  success,  —  I  mean  Mr.  Joseph  Ames 
—  from  whom,  a  day  or  two  ago,  I  received  the  following 

letter : — 

"Baltimore,  June  3,  1859. 

"  My  dear  Sir  :  —  Your  note  of  May  26  has  just  reached  me,  and 
in  reply  I  would  say  that  I  have  always  regarded  Mr.  Powers's  bust 
of  "Webster  as  a  most  powerful  and  characteristic  representation  of 
the  great  man.  And  the  statue,  which  gives  us  Mr.  "Webster  in  the 
prime  of  life,  seems  to  lose  nothing  of  the  truthfulness  so  remarkable 
in  the  marble  bust ;  in  fact,  the  head,  in  some  respects,  strikes  me 
even  more  grand. 

"  It  is  certainly  due  to  Mr.  Powers,  that  this  statue  should  be  placed 
in  a  favorable  position  ;  and  I  sincerely  trust  the  good  people  of  Bos- 
ton will  not  fail  to  do  so. 

"  I  am,  dear  sir,  with  great  respect, 

"  Your  most  obedient  servant, 

"  Joseph  Ames. 
"  Hon.  Edward  Everett." 

There  is  another  letter  in  this  room  from  a  gentleman  who 
stood  second  to  no  other  in  the  respect  and  affection  of  Mr. 
Webster,  which   I  will  ask    Mr.   Harvey,  to  whom  it  is  ad- 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF     WEBSTER.  165 

dressed,   to   read,   and    thereby    allow   me   a   moment's   re- 
pose. 

Mr.  Harvey  here  read  the  following  letter  from  Hon. 
Rufus  Choate :  — 

"Dorchester,  June  8,  1859. 

"  My  dear  Mr.  Harvey  :  —  Your  very  kind  note  is  received.  In 
regard  to  the  statue  of  Mr.  Webster  as  a  work  of  art,  my  opinion, 
being  that  of  one  unskilled  in  such  matters,  can  avail  nothing.  As 
a  likeness,  a  truthful  representation,  I  will  say  this,  —  it  is  of  Mr. 
Webster  at  an  age  earlier  than  many  of  its  critics  knew  him,  —  cer- 
tainly at  an  age  many  years  preceding  that  when  our  impressions  of 
him  are  freshest,  being  the  most  recent,  and  it  is  to  this  fact  that  I 
think  a  great  deal  of  unfavorable  criticism  can  be  traced.  It  is  to  me 
an  exceedingly  pleasant  likeness,  for  it  recalls  him  to  me  as  I  remem- 
ber him  in  the  prime  of  his  strength  and  beauty  and  power,  and  yet 
I  think  no  living  artist  could  portray  Mr.  Webster  with  entire  satisfac- 
tion to  his  family  and  friends. 

"  I  hope  that  the  liberal  and  courteous  action  of  the  last  Legislature, 
in  giving  the  State-House  grounds  for  the  location  of  the  statue,  will 
be  met  in  a  similar  spirit,  that  justice  will  be  done  the  artist  who  ranks 
so  high  in  American  art,  and  who  has  wrought  a  likeness  so  gratifying 
to  those  who  knew  and  loved  Mr.  Webster  in  his  earlier  as  well  as  his 
later  years,  and  that  the  judgment  of  the  chairman  of  the  executive 
committee  [Mr.  Everett],  ....  will  be  fully  vindicated  by  the  action 
of  a  decisive  majority  of  the  Committee  of  One  Hundred. 
"  I  remain,  my  dear  sir, 

"  Very  truly  yours, 

"  Rufus  Choate." 

Sir,  Mr.  Powers's  head  of  Webster  will  as  surely  go  down 
to  posterity  as  the  head  of  the  illustrious  statesman,  as  Hou- 
don's  head  of  Washington  will  go  down  to  all  after  time  as 
the  head  of  the  Father  of  his  Country.  You  may  melt  the 
statue  into  cents,  as  has  been  proposed,  but  unless  you  could 
also  annihilate  the  model,  the  bust,  and  all  the  copies  of  it, 
that  head,  modelled  from  life  when  Mr.  Webster  was  at  the 
meridian  of  his  powers  and  fame,  will  be  the  head  which  will 
forever  fill  the  niche  assigned  to  him  in  the  pantheon  of  the 
country's  great  men. 

I  have  no  objection,  sir,  —  nay,  I  greatly  desire,  —  to  multi- 


166  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

ply  statues  of  Mr.  Webster.  Let  them  adorn  all  our  high 
places  in  all  our  cities.  I  think  most  favorably  of  Mr.  Ball's 
statue,  which  has  been  placed  in  contrast  with  that  of  Mr. 
Powers.  Considering  that  Mr.  Webster  never  sat  to  Mr.  Ball, 
it  is  truly  an  admirable  work.  I  will  cheerfully  contribute  my 
share  to  the  expense  of  putting  it  in  marble  or  bronze,  but  I 
will  not  consent  to  aid  in  building  up  his  reputation  on  the 
fragments  of  that  of  a  noble  brother  artist;  nor  would  he  — 
I  know  his  generous  nature  too  well  —  himself  consent  to  do 
so.  Sooner  would  he  lay  down  his  right  hand,  with  all  her 
cunning,  upon  the  block. 

I  hold  in  my  hand  a  letter  from  the  living  representative  of 
Mr.  Webster,  which  is  expressed  with  so  much  modesty  and 
right  feeling,  that  I  am  sure  gentlemen  will  hear  it  with 
pleasure,  and  feel  that  it  ought  to  have  much  influence  over 
them  in  a  case  of  this  kind. 

"  Boston,  June  7,  1859. 
"  Hon.  Edward  Everett  :  — 

"  My  dear  Sir  :  —  On  reaching  town,  this  morning,  from  Marsh- 
field,  I  received  your  note  of  the  4th  instant,  on  the  subject  of  Powers's 
statue  of  my  father. 

"  I  regret  to  learn  that,  as  you  inform  me,  a  movement  is  on  foot  to 
prevent  the  erection  of  this  statue  ;  and  in  answer  to  your  request  for  an 
expression  of  my  opinion,  to  be  used  at  a  meeting  of  the  Committee 
of  One  Hundred,  to  be  held  to-morrow,  I  address  you  this  note. 

"  The  friends  of  my  late  father,  in  Boston  and  its  vicinity,  irrespec- 
tive of  party,  soon  after  his  decease,  subscribed  for  a  large  sum  of 
money,  one  of  the  uses  of  which  was  to  provide  a  statue  of  him,  to  be 
erected  in  Boston.  A  Committee,  of  which  you  are  the  head,  have 
procured  such  a  statue,  made  by  one  of  the  most  eminent  American 
artists,  who  had  previously  made  a  bust  of  Mr.  Webster  satisfactory 
to  him  and  his  friends ;  and  the  Legislature  of  Massachusetts,  at  the 
request  of  your  Committee,  by  a  unanimous  vote,  have  granted  per- 
mission to  erect  this  statue  in  a  most  conspicuous  and  honorable  place, 
on  grounds  belonging  to  the  State. 

"  As  my  father's  representative,  deeply  grateful  to  his  friends  for  all 
they  have  done  in  his  honor,  to  you  and  the  Committee  for  the  labor  of 
love  which  you  have  performed  in  carrying  their  purposes  into  execu- 
tion, and  to  the  State  for  the  respect  which  it  has  shown  to  his  memory, 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER.  167 

if  any  wishes  of  my  own  could  prevail,  I  should  hope  that  nothing 
might  occur  to  prevent  the  completion  of  the  work  by  the  erection 
of  the  statue  in  the  place  designed  for  it. 

"  I  am,  my  dear  sir,  yours  always  truly  and  gratefully, 

"  Fletcher  Webster." 


But  it  has  been  suggested  that  before  the  statue  of  Mr. 
Powers  is  permanently  set  up  in  the  State-House  grounds  it 
should  be  temporarily  exhibited  for  criticism,  —  a  course,  if 
possible,  more  objectionable  and  offensive  than  its  immediate 
condemnation.  Had  you,  when  giving  the  order  to  the  artist, 
told  him  that  his  work  would  be  subjected  to  this  ordeal 
(unheard  of  before  in  any  other  case),  all  the  money  in  State 
Street  would  not  have  tempted  him  to  accept  the  order.  To 
set  it  up  in  this  way,  after  denouncing  it  and  ridiculing  it, 
for  weeks  and  months,  is  simply  to  elevate  it  as  a  target  for 
invidious  criticism.  Every  one  who  has  already  pronounced 
a  judgment  against  it  would  from  pride  of  opinion,  and  to 
show  that  he  had  not  been  unjust,  scrutinize  the  statue  for 
the  purpose  of  confirming  his  first  impression  ;  and  what 
men  desire  to  find  in  such  a  case  they  do  find.  Besides,  it 
would  be  a  step  altogether  barren  of  any  practical  result,  for 
who  are  to  be  the  judges  in  this  examination  by  the  million? 
how  is  their  opinion  to  be  collected  ? 

It  is  said  the  artist  has  been  paid  for  his  work,  and  has  no 
longer  any  rights  in  it.  What !  has  an  artist  of  eminent  repu- 
tation, of  exemplary  life,  the  most  generous  disposition,  the 
most  childlike  simplicity  of  character,  no  right  to  the  common 
decencies  of  his  art  ?  When,  since  the  world  began,  was  such 
a  course  ever  thought  of  before,  as  to  procure  a  statue,  and 
after  contemplating  it  for  three  weeks,  petition  the  govern- 
ment under  which  you  live  to  allow  it  to  be  placed  in  the  en- 
closure of  their  Capitol,  receive  that  permission  by  a  formal 
act  of  legislation,  and  then  turn  round  and  tell  your  govern- 
ment you  have  altered  your  mind,  and  tell  the  artist  his  work 
is  not  worthy  the  place  assigned  to  it !  Because  you  have 
paid  him  his  dollars,  you  think  he  has  nothing  to  complain  of 
in  a  course  like  this  ?     Sir,  the  course  you  are  pursuing  will 


168  POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER. 

inflict  upon  him  a  stigma  for  which  all  the  gold  in  California 
would  yield  no  compensation. 

Besides,  even  on  the  score  of  pecuniary  interest,  —  the 
lowest  consideration  with  an  artist  who  works  for  immortal 
fame,  —  a  trial  exhibition  of  the  kind  suggested  (supposing  it 
to  result  in  confirming  the  unfavorable  estimate  of  the  statue 
which  has  caused  it  to  be  thought  of)  would  do  Mr.  Powers 
a  very  serious  injury.  If  set  up  in  this  way,  the  statue  should, 
as  you  anticipate,  sink  under  the  unrelenting  warfare  so  long 
waged  against  it,  do  you  think  he  would  retain  the  dollars 
he  has  received  from  us  ?  Sir,  he  would  throw  them  back, 
though  he  begged  his  bread  to  the  end  of  his  life. 

I  am  grieved  that  this  movement  against  Mr.  Powers's 
statue —  against  his  reputation  — should  be  made  by  his  own 
countrymen,  should  be  made  in  Boston.  Better  had  it 
been  the  work  of  foreigners,  grudging  to  this  country  the 
praise  of  artistic  culture.  But  no,  sir,  he  has  been  appre- 
ciated and  admired  abroad.  His  busts,  early  rising  in  repu- 
tation far  above  those  of  any  contemporary  artist  in  Florence, 
led  the  superintendent  of  the  Tuscan  Gallery  to  compare  the 
youthful  American  sculptor  to  Lysippus,  who  alone  of  Gre- 
cian artists  was  permitted  to  model  Alexander  the  Great. 
When  the  Greek  Slave  was  exhibited  in  London,  it  caused  a 
sensation  unexampled  in  a  case  of  this  kind.  I  was  a  guest, 
on  five  successive  days,  at  that  time,  at  as  many  entertain- 
ments, in  the  most  intelligent  and  cultivated  circles  in  Lon- 
don, where  this  statue  was  the  universal  theme  of  admiring 
comment.  On  one  of  these  occasions,  the  late  Earl  of  Elles- 
mere,  who  sat  next  me,  the  possessor  of  the  Bridgewater 
Gallery,  a  man  of  taste  and  refinement,  pointing  to  Canova's 
Venus,  which  stood  by  the  side  of  the  room,  said  he  would 
rather  have  Powers's  Slave  than  any  work  of  Canova.  I 
have  here  at  hand,  though  I  will  not  consume  your  time  by 
reading  them,  letters  from  the  present  highly  intelligent  Speak- 
er of  the  House  of  Commons,  and  from  the  Earl  of  Stan- 
hope, both  gentlemen  of  taste,  and  conversant  with  art, 
speaking  of  Mr.  Powers's  work,  which  they  had  seen  at 
Florence,  in  the  most  exalted  terms,  and  the  latter  particu- 


POWERS'S    STATUE    OF    WEBSTER,  169 

larly  commending  the  bust  of  Mr.  Webster,  as  doing  justice 
to  the  great  original.  Is  it  not  mournful  to  reflect  that  a 
great  work  of  an  artist,  so  honored  and  appreciated  abroad, 
should  be  the  butt  of  denunciation  and  ridicule  at  home,  on 
the  part  of  his  own  countrymen,  and  subjected  to  the  treat- 
ment which  it  is  now  proposed  at  this  meeting  to  consum- 
mate ? 

There  are  many  other  lights  in  which  the  subject  might  be 
treated  ;  but  the  hour  is  late,  and  I  have  trespassed  too  long 
on  your  patience. 


ALEXANDER  VON  HUMBOLDT* 


I  am  not  prepared,  Mr.  President,  to  pronounce  a  formal 
eulogy  on  our  late  honored  and  lamented  associate,  Alexander 
Von  Humboldt.  No  one  needs  it  less ;  and  our  friend  (Mr. 
Ticknor)  who  has  just  taken  his  seat,  and  who  had  greater 
opportunities  than  I  enjoyed  of  cultivating  intimate  personal 
relations  with  him,  has  left  nothing  unsaid  which  belongs  to 
a  due  notice  of  his  decease.  At  your  particular  request,  how- 
ever, sir,  I  cheerfully  add  my  humble  voice  to  his.  It  is 
certainly  most  becoming  that  we  should  pay  this  tribute  of 
respect  to  one  who  has  so  long  held  a  place  among  our  honor- 
ary members.  It  is,  in  fact,  no  trifling  indication  of  the  early 
growth  of  his  fame,  considering  the  very  limited  intercourse 
which  then  existed  between  the  literary  and  scientific  men 
of  Europe  and  America,  that  our  Society  should  so  long  ago 
as  1817  have  sought  the  honor  of  enrolling  him  among  its 
members. 

It  is  for  another  reason  peculiarly  appropriate,  that  all 
honor  should  be  paid  to  his  memory  on  this  side  of  the  Atlan- 
tic ;  for  the  greatest  scientific  achievement  of  his  life  —  his 
American  voyage  —  was  performed  on  the  soil  of  this  conti- 
nent. Here  the  most  laborious  years  of  his  life  were  passed ; 
for  his  expedition  to  Siberia  in  after  life,  less  laborious 
even  while  it  lasted,  was  accomplished  in  less  than  a  twelve- 
month. It  seemed,  indeed,  as  if  a  providential  interposition 
guided  him  to  the  New  World  ;  for  it  was  only  after  three 
other  projects  had  been  baffled  that  the  path  was  unexpect- 
edly  opened  to    America.      Having  educated   himself   as  a 

*  Remarks  made  at  a  stated  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical 
Society,  9th  June,  1859. 


ALEXANDER    VON    HUMBOLDT.  171 

scientific  traveller,  he  first  conceived  the  plan  of  travelling  in 
Egypt ;   but  the  French  invasion  under  Bonaparte  made  it 
necessary  to  abandon  that  design.    He  next  thought  of  attach- 
ing   himself  to  the  voyage  of   circumnavigation   which  the 
French  government  was  preparing  under  Admiral  Boudin. 
The  war  with   Austria    broke    out,  and    diverted  the   funds 
assigned  by  the  Directory  to  this  expedition.     "  Cruelly  de- 
ceived," says  he,  "  in  my  hopes,  and  beholding  the  plans  which 
I  had  been  forming  for  several  years  of  my  life  destroyed  in  a 
day,  I  sought,  as  at  a  venture,  the   most  expeditious  manner 
of  quitting  Europe,  and  plunging  into  some  enterprise  which 
might  console  me  for  what  I  suffered."     With  these  feelings, 
and  having  made  at  Paris  the  acquaintance  of  Mr.  Skiolde- 
brand,  the  Swedish  consul  at  Algiers,  he  formed  a  plan  for 
exploring  the  alpine  region  of  Central  Africa.     The  Swedish 
frigate  which  was  to  transport  the  consul,  Mr.  Von  Humboldt, 
and  his  friend  and  companion,  M.  de  Bonpland,  had  not  arrived 
at   Marseilles.     For  two  months  they  expected  her  in  vain ; 
and  then  learned  that  she  had  suffered  severely  in  a  storm, 
and,  having  put  into  Cadiz  to  refit,  could  not  be  expected  at 
Marseilles  till  the  spring.     They  took  passage  in  a  Ragusan 
sloop  for  Tunis.     War  broke  out  between  the  Tunisian  regen- 
cy and  the  French  republic,  which  made  it  unsafe  to  proceed 
by  that  conveyance  ;  and  they  passed  into  Spain,  hoping  to 
find  there  the  means  of  transit  to  Africa.     The  minister  of 
Saxony  at  Madrid  procured  for  his  enterprising  countryman 
—  then   thirty  years   old  —  a   favorable    introduction  to  the 
President  of  the  Council  of  the  Indies,  which  resulted  in  full 
permission  to  explore  the  dominions  of  Spain  in  America  and 
the  East.     This  permission  was  not  withdrawn  on  the  fall  of 
M.  de  Urquijo  from  power.     "  During  the  five  years,"  says  Mr. 
Von  Humboldt,  "  that  we  traversed  the  New  Continent,  we 
perceived  not  the  least   appearance   of    distrust;    and   it   is 
grateful  to  me  here  to  recollect,  that  in  the  midst  of  the  most 
afflicting    privations,    and    struggling  against    the   obstacles 
which  arise  from  the   savage  state  of  the  country,  we  have 
never  had  to  complain  of  the  injustice  of  man." 

Nor  will  it  be   denied  that  Mr.  Von  Humboldt's  literary 


172  ALEXANDER    VON    HUMBOLDT. 

reputation  rests  in  a  good  degree  on  his  American  expedition, 
and  on  the  works  —  scientific,  historical,  statistical,  and  mis- 
cellaneous —  which  were  the  fruit  of  that  expedition.  I  do  not, 
of  course,  claim  for  that  remarkable  series  of  publications  to 
take  precedence,  as  a  philosophical  treatise,  or  a  body  of  nat- 
ural science,  over  the  "  Cosmos  "  ;  but  I  need  not  say  to  the 
students  of  Mr.  Von  Humboldt's  writings,  that  but  for  his 
voyage  to  America,  the  researches  connected  with  it,  the  ob- 
servations in  every  department  of  natural  history,  which  he 
made  during  the  progress  of  the  voyage,  and  the  subsequent 
studies  required  for  the  preparation  of  the  numerous  publica- 
tions in  which  its  results  were  given  to  the  world,  the  "  Cos- 
mos," in  all  human  probability,  would  never  have  been  written. 
I  reflect  with  satisfaction,  that  I  had  the  privilege,  more  years 
ago  than  I  care  to  enumerate,  in  an  article  in  the  "  North 
American  Review,"  of  which  I  was  then  the  editor,  of  submit- 
ting to  the  reading  public  an  account,  a  very  imperfect  one 
I  feel  most  sensibly,  but  the  first,  if  I  mistake  not,  which 
had  appeared  in  our  language,  of  all  the  works  then  published 
as  the  fruits  of  this  ever-memorable  expedition.  The  ori- 
ginal works  necessary  for  the  preparation  of  the  article,  not 
being  at  that  time  in  our  public  libraries,  were  imported  by  me 
for  the  purpose.  The  remarkable  treatise  to  which  Mr.  Ticknor 
has  alluded,  the  "  Exaraen  Critique  de  1'Histoire  de  la  Ge"o- 
graphie  du  Nouveau  Monde,"  had  not  then  appeared;  but 
was,  at  the  time  of  its  publication,  imported  by  me,  in  order 
particularly  to  ascertain  the  opinions  entertained  by  M.  Von 
Humboldt  on  the  supposed  ante- Columbian  discovery  of  this 
continent  by  the   Scandinavians. 

You  have,  sir,  in  the  resolutions  reported  from  the  Standing 
Committee,  expressed  the  unanimous  opinion  of  the  scientific 
world,  in  placing  Alexander  Von  Humboldt  at  the  head  of  the 
men  of  science,  not  only  in  his  own,  but,  I  think  we  may 
venture  to  add,  with  the  diffidence  which  ought  to  attend  such 
a  judgment,  of  any  age.  He  took  this  rank  not  only  in  virtue 
of  what  he  was,  but,  if  I  may  hazard  the  seeming  paradox, 
in  virtue,  at  any  rate  in  spite,  of  what  he  was  not.  Standing, 
as  I  have  said,  by  general  consent  at  the  head  of  the  republic 


ALEXANDER    VON    HUMBOLDT.  173 

of  science,  there  was  perhaps  no  one  special  department  in 
which  his  superior  might  not  be  found  on  the  Continent  of 
Europe,  in  England,  or  in  this  country.  There  was  no  one 
speciality  to  which  he  gave  himself  exclusively ;  so  that  it  is 
no  derogation  from  his  merit  to  say,  that  there  were  among 
the  men  of  science,  his  contemporaries,  those  who,  each  in 
his  particular  department,  had  pushed  their  researches  further 
than  he  had  done.  For  one  such,  we  need  not  go  beyond  this 
neighborhood.  But  it  belonged  to  Humboldt  to  take  a  com- 
prehensive, an  imperial,  survey  of  the  whole  field  of  science, 
and  to  mould  the  mass  of  materials  derived  from  the  indi- 
vidual researches  of  others  into  one  grand  system ;  himself 
an  intellectual  "  Cosmos"  akin  to  the  scientific  "  Cosmos"  of 
his  own  formation. 

Nothing  is  more  characteristic  of  his  career  as  a  philosopher 
than  the  length  of  time  during  which  his  labors,  both  as  an 
investigator  and  a  writer,  were  earned  on  ;  the  continuance  of 
his  physical  and  intellectual  activity,  long  after  attaining  the 
age  at  which  the  majority  of  men,  weary  of  toil  and  satisfied 
with  success,  or  reconciled  to  the  want  of  it,  sink  into  repose. 
He  was  sixty  years  old  when  he  undertook  his  expedition  to 
the  Oural  and  Altai  Mountains,  of  which  the  fruits  are  recorded 
in  his  "  Asie  Centrale,  —  Recherches  sur  les  Chaines  de  Mon- 
tagnes  et  la  Climatologie  comparee  " ;  an  expedition  under- 
taken with  Gustave  Rose  and  Ehrenberg,  at  Ihe  repeated  and 
earnest  request  of  the  Russian  Emperor,  who  appropriated 
large  sums  to  defray  the  expense.  With  the  exception  of  the 
first  forty  pages  of  his  "  Cosmos,"  he  tells  us  in  the  Preface 
of  the  first-published  volumes  of  that  work,  that  it  was  wholly 
written,  and  for  the  first  time,  in  the  years  1843  and  1844. 
As  he  was  born  in  1769,  he  must  have  been  seventy-four  when 
he  commenced  it. 

Nor  was  this  physical  and  mental  activity,  protracted  so 
long  beyond  the  accepted  term  of  human  life  (for  the  fifth 
volume  of  "  Cosmos  "  was  completed  but  the  last  year),  the 
only  wonder.  Other  causes  combined  to  produce  his  aston- 
ishing fertility  as  a  writer.  It  may  be  interesting  to  all,  and 
important  to  those  who  are  not  so  far  advanced  in  years  as  to 


174  ALEXANDER  VON  HUMBOLDT. 

have  formed  their  habits  beyond  the  hope  of  change,  to  know 
one  of  the  secrets  of  his  physical  and  scientific  life.  Living 
to  the  age,  within  a  few  months,  of  ninety  years,  for  all  pur- 
poses of  regular  scientific  research  and  literary  labor,  he  lived 
another  life  of  forty  or  fifty  years,  in  consequence  of  having 
accustomed  himself,  from  the  time  that  he  grew  up  to  man- 
hood, to  about  four  hours'  sleep.  I  think  I  can  state  this  on 
his  own  authority  ;  for  I  heard  it  asserted  in  his  presence,  and 
listened  to  by  him  with  a  smile,  which  I  regarded  as  one  of 
assent.  If,  then,  we  consider  four  hours  of  daily  study  as 
a  pretty  good  day's  work,  for  one  whose  time  must  have 
been  so  much  broken  in  upon  as  his,  we  may  say,  that,  by 
contenting  himself  with  four  hours'  sleep,  while  the  ma- 
jority of  men  require  eight,  he  really  lived  another  life  of 
forty  or  fifty  years,  in  addition  to  his  fourscore  years  and 
ten.  Whether  this  was  mainly  the  result  of  natural  consti- 
tution, temperate  habits,  habitual  abstinence  from  the  causes 
of  weariness  and  exhaustion,  cheerful  temper,  or  elastic  spir- 
its, or  in  some  degree  of  all  combined,  I  cannot  say;  prob- 
ably the  latter. 

At  any  rate,  his  disposition  was  eminently  social.  My  ac- 
quaintance with  him  commenced  in  the  winter  of  1817  — 18, 
when  I  frequently  met  him  in  general  society  in  Paris.  His 
company,  of  course,  was  greatly  sought ;  and  no  individual  of 
eminence  was  more  frequently  to  be  met,  as  far  as  my  means 
of  observation  extended,  at  the  dinner-table  and  in  the  salons 
of  Paris.  He  was  then,  as  far  as  I  could  judge,  principally 
engaged  in  those  geographical  researches,  of  which  the  results 
are  given  in  the  work  above  mentioned.  On  leaving  Paris, 
he  was  good  enough  to  give  me  letters  to  his  brother  William, 
at  that  time  the  Prussian  Minister  in  London,  with  whom  it 
was  my  good  fortune,  in  that  way,  to  become  intimately  ac- 
quainted. In  the  year  1842  Baron  Alexander  Von  Humboldt 
came  to  London  in  the  suite  of  the  King  of  Prussia,  who  vis- 
ited England  to  attend  the  christening  of  the  Prince  of 
Wales ;  and  I  then  had  the  satisfaction  of  renewing  my 
acquaintance  with  him  during  his  brief  stay.  It  is  scarcely 
necessary  to  say,  that,  at  a  moment  when  London  was  more 


ALEXANDER    VON    HUMBOLDT.  175 

than  visually  thronged  with  the  celebrities  of  Europe,  he  was 
the  centre  of  the  greatest  interest. 

Enjoying  this  world-wide  fame,  his  feelings  were  not  less 
catholic.  Nothing  more  characterizes  his  works  than  the  total 
absence  of  the  spirit  of  invidious  criticism.  When  other  au- 
thors are  named,  —  and  how  few  are  the  contemporary  writers 
of  scientific  merit  who  are  not  named  in  some  part  of  the 
long  series  of  his  works?  —  the  amplest  justice  is  always 
done  them.  In  truth,  if  he  erred,  it  was  in  the  opposite 
direction.  One  is  sometimes  inclined  to  think  that  he  pushed 
the  habit  of  kindly  appreciation  a  little  too  far,  and  lessened 
its  value  by  a  want  of  severe  discrimination.  If  he  ever  falls 
into  this  error,  it  was  a  fault  on  the  side  of  generosity,  not  too 
common  at  the  present  day.  To  his  great  credit,  Alexander 
Von  Humboldt  was  wholly  free  from  that  carping  spirit  which 
can  see  nothing  in  a  work  of  science,  literature,  or  art  but 
its  defects ;  and  that  hateful  temper  which  seeks  to  build  its 
own  reputation,  or  that  of  a  favorite,  on  the  ruins  of  the 
reputation  of  a  rival  or  competitor.  The  long  series  of  his 
writings  may,  I  believe,  be  searched  in  vain  for  one  ill-natured 
word. 

I  reflect  with  some  satisfaction,  that  it  was  in  my  power 
to  aid  a  meritorious  young  artist  of  this  city,  Mr.  Wight  (to 
whom  we  owe  the  admirable  likeness  of  our  great  benefactor, 
Mr.  Dowse,  which  graces  this  room),  in  procuring  the  oppor- 
tunity of  painting  Baron  Humboldt.  This  was  a  favor,  of 
course,  not  lightly  to  be  asked  of  a  person  so  distinguished, 
whose  time  was  so  precious,  and  whom  so  many  artists  were 
eager  to  paint  and  to  model.  Mr.  Wight,  however,  succeeded 
so  well  in  a  portrait  of  my  much- valued  friend,  Mr.  D.  D. 
Barnard,  then  Minister  of  the  United  States  at  Berlin,  and  an 
intimate  friend  of  Baron  Humboldt,  that  the  illustrious  phi- 
losopher, on  seeing  the  portrait  of  Mr.  Barnard,  consented  to 
give  our  young  countryman  four  long  sittings.  Mr.  Wight 
succeeded  in  getting  an  excellent  likeness,  which  has  been 
well  engraved  in  this  city.  It  is  not  without  a  slight  resem- 
blance, it  may  be  remarked,  to  Mr.  Dowse  himself. 

I  had  some  hopes  of  seeing  him  again,  before  either  of  us 


176  ALEXANDER    VON    HUMBOLDT. 

should  take  the  great  journey.  Disappointed  in  this,  it  is  a 
subject  of  pleasing  though  sad  reflection  to  me,  that  the  same 
kind  feelings,  of  which  he  gave  me  many  valued  proofs  in 
my  younger  days,  were  manifested  to  my  children  while  on  a 
visit  to  Berlin  the  last  summer.  With  "  the  scarcely  legible 
hand  of  the  old  man  of  eighty-nine,"  he  addresses  words  of 
friendly  salutation  to  them,  and  kindly  remembrance  to  me 
from  "  the  traveller  of  the  Cordilleras  and  the  steppes  of  Si- 
beria," the  joint  character  in  which  he  wished  his  name  to 
descend. 

The  strange  assertion  has  lately  been  made,  that  the  "  Cos- 
mos" is  a  system  of  philosophical  atheism,  slightly  veiled 
from  motives  of  prudence ;  and  that  even  the  name  of  God 
does  not  occur  in  it.  This  last  statement  is  notoriously  in- 
accurate ;  and  for  the  first  assertion,  there  is  not,  as  far  as  I 
know,  the  slightest  foundation.  Humboldt,  in  this  as  in  his 
other  works,  proposes  to  treat  only  the  phenomena  revealed 
to  the  senses  ;  but  he  recognizes  the  reality  of  spiritual  and 
moral  relations,  though  justly  considering  them  above  the 
province  of  demonstrative  science.  Between  him  and  his 
brother  William,  undeniably  a  man  of  the  deepest  religious 
convictions,  there  prevailed  an  entire  sympathy ;  and  he  cites 
with  approval,  from  the  works  of  the  latter,  passages  which 
recognize  the  truth  of  the  Christian  religion.  On  the  appear- 
ance of  the  Chevalier  Bunsen's  "  Signs  of  the  Times,"  in 
1855,  Humboldt  rose  from  its  perusal,  and,  on  the  same  day, 
addressed  a  letter  of  two  sheets  to  the  author,  expressive  of 
his  sympathy  and  approval.  In  his  last  great  work  he  refers 
to  the  Hebrew  Scriptures  with  respect,  and  even  bestows  on 
the  hundred  and  fourth  psalm  that  much-honored  name  of 
"  Cosmos,"  which  he  had  appropriated  to  the  crowning  work 
of  his  literary  life.  He  distinctly  recognizes  the  purifying 
influence  of  the  new  faith,  in  contrast  with  the  decaying  pa- 
ganism of  the  ancient  world.  So  far  is  it  from  being  true,  that 
he  "knows  nothing  of  a  God  in  creation,"  he  asserts  in  terms, 
that  "it  was  the  tendency  of  the  Christian  mind  to  prove, 
from  the  order  of  the  universe  and  the  beauty  of  nature,  the 
greatness  and  goodness  of  the  Creator " ;  and  he  traces  the 


ALEXANDER    VON    HUMBOLDT.  177 

growing  taste  for  natural  description,  observable  in  the  writ- 
ers of  the  new  faith,  to  the  tendency  "  to  glorify  the  Deity  in 
his  works." 

In  denying  the  imputed  atheism  of  Humboldt,  I  build 
nothing  on  the  occurrence  of  the  name  of  the  Supreme  Being 
in  his  publications.  No  writers  more  freely  use  the  great  and 
sacred  name  than  those  of  the  Pantheistic,  or,  what  is  the 
same  thing,  Atheistic  school ;  meaning,  however,  not  the  All- 
wise,  All-powerful  Being  who  created  and  who  rules,  with 
sovereign  intelligence,  the  heavens  and  the  earth,  but  the 
aggregate  of  existing  things ;  making  men  and  beasts,  and 
trees  and  stones,  and  dust  and  ashes,  part  and  parcel  of  what 
they  call  God. 

I  cordially  second  the  motion  for  the  adoption  of  the  reso- 
lutions on  your  table. 


VOL.   iv.  12 


RUFUS  CHOATE* 


Mr.  Mayor  and  Fellow-Citizens  :  — 

I  obey  the  only  call  which  could  with  propriety  have  drawn 
me  at  this  time  from  my  retirement,  in  accepting  your  invita- 
tion to  unite  with  you  in  the  melancholy  duties  which  we  are 
assembled  to  perform.  While  I  speak,  sir,  the  lifeless  re- 
mains of  our  dear  departed  friend  are  expected,  it  may  be  have 
already  returned,  to  his  bereaved  home.  We  sent  him  forth, 
but  a  few  days  since,  in  search  of  health ;  the  exquisite  bodily 
organization  over-tasked  and  shattered,  but  the  master  intel- 
lect still  shining  in  unclouded  strength.  Anxious  but  not 
desponding,  we  sent  him  forth,  hopeful  that  the  bracing  air 
of  the  ocean  which  he  greatly  loved,  the  respite  from  labor, 
the  change  of  scene,  the  cheerful  intercourse  which  he  was  so 
well  calculated  to  enjoy  with  congenial  spirits  abroad,  would 
return  him  to  us  refreshed  and  renovated;  but  he  has  come 
back  to  us  dust  and  ashes,  a  pilgrim  already  on  his  way  to 

"  The  undiscovered  country,  from  whose  bourne 
No  traveller  returns." 

How  could  I  refuse  to  bear  my  humble  part  in  the  tribute  of 
respect  which  you  are  assembled  to  pay  to  the  memory  of 
such  a  man ;  a  man  not  only  honored  by  me,  in  common 
with  the  whole  country  but  tenderly  cherished  as  a  faithful 
friend,  from  the  morning  of  his  days,  and  almost  from  the 
morning  of  mine ;  one  with  whom  through  life  I  was  de- 
lighted to  take  sweet  counsel ;  for  whom  I  felt  an  affec- 
tion never  chilled  for  a  moment,  during  nearly  forty  years 

*  Remarks  at  a  meeting  of  the  citizens  of  Boston  in  Faneuil  Hall,  23d 
July,  1859. 


RUFUS    CHOATE.  179 

since  it  sprung  up  ?  I  knew  our  dear  friend,  sir,  from  the 
time  that  he  entered  the  Law  School  at  Cambridge ;  I  was 
associated  with  him  as  one  of  the  Massachusetts  delegation 
in  the  House  of  Representatives  of  the  United  States,  be- 
tween whom  and  myself  there  was  an  entire  community  of 
feeling  and  opinion  on  all  questions  of  men  and  measures ; 
and  with  him  in  these  late  years,  as  his  near  neighbor,  and 
especially  when  illness  confined  him  at  home,  I  have  enjoyed 
opportunities  of  the  most  intimate  social  intercourse.  Now 
that  he  is  gone,  sir,  I  feel  that  one  more  is  taken  away  of 
those  most  trusted  and  loved,  and  with  whom  I  had  most 
hoped  to  finish  the  journey  ;  nay,  sir,  one  whom,  in  the  course 
of  nature,  I  should  have  preceded  to  its  end,  and  who  would 
have  performed  for  me  the  last  kindly  office  which  I,  with 
drooping  spirit,  would  fain  perform  for  him. 

But  although  with  a  willing  heart  I  undertake  the  duty 
you  have  devolved  upon  me,  I  cannot  but  feel  how  little 
remains  to  be  said.  It  is  but  echoing  the  voice  which  has 
been  heard  from  every  part  of  the  country,  —  from  the  Bar, 
from  the  Press,  and  from  every  association  from  which  it 
could  with  propriety  be  uttered,  to  say  that  he  stood  at  the 
head  of  his  profession  in  this  country.  If,  in  his  own  or  in 
any  other  part  of  the  Union,  there  was  his  superior  in  any 
branch  of  legal  knowledge,  there  was  certainly  no  one  who 
united,  to  the  same  extent,  profound  learning  in  the  law 
with  a  range  almost  boundless  of  miscellaneous  reading, 
reasoning  powers  of  the  highest  order,  intuitive  quickness  of 
perception,  a  wariness  and  circumspection  never  taken  by 
surprise,  and  an  imagination  which  rose,  on  a  bold  and  easy 
wing,  to  the  highest  heaven  of  invention.  These  powers, 
trained  by  a  diligent  cultivation, — these  attainments  com- 
bined and  applied  with  sound  judgment,  consummate  skill, 
and  exquisite  taste,  —  necessarily  placed  him  at  the  head  of  the 
profession  of  his  choice ;  where,  since  the  death  of  Mr.  Web- 
ster, he  shone  without  a  rival.  With  such  endowments 
formed  at  the  best  schools  of  professional  education,  exer- 
cised with  unwearied  assiduity,  through  a  long  professional 
life,  under  the  spur  of  generous  ambition,  and  the  heavy  re- 


180  RUFUS    CHOATE. 

sponsibility  of  an  ever-growing  reputation  to  be  sustained,  — 
if  possible,  to  be  raised,  —  he  could  fill  no  second  place. 

But  he  did  not,  like  most  eminent  jurists,  content  himself 
with  the  learning  or  the  fame  of  his  profession.  He  was 
more  than  most  men  in  any  profession,  in  the  best  sense  of 
the  word,  a  man  of  letters.  He  kept  up  his  academical 
studies  in  after  life.  He  did  not  think  it  the  part  either  of 
wisdom  or  good  taste  to  leave  behind  him  at  school,  or  at 
college,  the  noble  languages  of  the  great  peoples  of  antiquity ; 
but  he  continued  through  life  to  read  the  Greek  and  Roman 
classics.  He  was  also  familiar  with  the  whole  range  of  Eng- 
lish literature ;  and  he  had  a  respectable  acquaintance  with 
the  standard  French  authors.  This  wide  and  varied  circle 
of  reading  not  only  gave  a  liberal  expansion  to  his  mind,  in 
all  directions,  but  it  endowed  him  with  a  great  wealth  of 
choice  but  unstudied  language,  and  enabled  him  to  command 
a  richness  of  illustration,  whatever  subject  he  had  in  hand, 
beyond  most  of  our  public  speakers  and  writers.  This  taste 
for  reading  was  formed  in  early  life.  While  he  was  at  the 
Law  School  at  Cambridge,  I  was  accustomed  to  meet  him 
more  frequently  than  any  other  person  of  his  standing  in  the 
alcoves  of  the  Library  of  the  University.  As  he  advanced 
in  years  and  acquired  the  means  of  gratifying  his  taste  in 
this  respect,  he  formed  a  miscellaneous  collection,  probably 
as  valuable  as  any  other  in  Boston ;  and  he  was  accustomed 
playfully  to  say  that  every  Saturday  afternoon,  after  the  labor 
of  the  week,  he  indulged  himself  in  buying  and  bringing  home 
a  new  book.  Thus  reading  with  a  keen  relish,  as  a  relaxation 
from  professional  toil,  and  with  a  memory  that  nothing  worth 
retaining  escaped,  he  became  a  living  storehouse  of  polite 
literature,  out  of  which,  with  rare  facility  and  grace,  he 
brought  forth  treasures  new  and  old,  not  deeming  these  last 
the  least  precious. 

Though  living  mainly  for  his  profession,  Mr.  Choate  en- 
gaged to  some  extent  in  public  life,  and  that  at  an  early  age, 
as  a  member  of  the  Legislature  of  Massachusetts,  and  of  the 
National  House  of  Representatives,  and  in  riper  years  as  a 
Senator  of  the  United  States,  as  the  successor  of  Mr.  Web- 


RUFUS    CHOATE.  181 

ster,  whose  entire  confidence  he  enjoyed,  and  whose  place  he, 
if  any  one,  was  not  unworthy  to  fill.  In  these  different  posi- 
tions he  displayed  consummate  ability.  His  appearance,  his 
silent  demeanor  in  either  House  of  Congress,  commanded 
respect.  He  was  one  of  the  few  whose  very  presence  in  a 
public  assembly  is  a  call  to  order.  In  the  daily  routine  of 
legislation  he  did  not  take  an  active  part.  He  rather  shunned 
clerical  work,  and  consequently  avoided,  as  much  as  duty 
permitted,  the  labor  of  the  committee-room  ;  but  on  every 
great  question  that  came  up  while  he  was  a  member  of  either 
House  in  Congress  he  made  a  great  speech ;  and  when  he 
had  spoken,  there  was  very  little  left  for  any  one  else  to  say 
on  the  same  side  of  the  question.  I  remember,  on  one  occa- 
sion, after  he  had  been  defending,  on  broad  national  grounds, 
the  policy  of  affording  a  moderate  protection  to  our  native 
industry,  showing  that  it  was  not  merely  a  local  but  a  na- 
tional interest,  and  seeking  to  establish  this  point  by  a  great 
variety  of  illustrations,  equally  novel  and  ingenious,  a  West- 
ern member,  who  had  hitherto  wholly  dissented  from  this 
view  of  the  subject,  exclaimed  that  he  "was  the  most  per- 
suasive speaker  he  had  ever  heard." 

But  though  abundantly  able  to  have  filled  a  prominent 
place  among  the  distinguished  active  statesmen  of  the  day, 
he  had  little  fondness  for  political  life,  and  no  aptitude  what- 
ever for  the  out-doors  management ;  for  the  electioneering 
legerdemain ;  for  the  wearisome  correspondence  with  local 
great  men  ;  and  the  heart-breaking  drudgery  of  franking  cart- 
loads of  speeches  and  public  documents  to  the  four  winds, 
which  are  necessary  at  the  present  day  to  great  success  in  a 
political  career.  Still  less  adroit  was  he  in  turning  to  some 
personal  advantage  whatever  topic  happens  for  the  moment 
to  attract  public  attention ;  fishing  with  ever  freshly  baited 
hook  in  the  turbid  waters  of  an  ephemeral  popularity.  In 
reference  to  some  of  the  arts  by  which  political  advance- 
ment is  sought  and  obtained,  he  once  said  to  me,  with  that 
well-known  characteristic  look  in  which  sadness  and  com- 
passionate pleasantry  were  about  equally  mingled,  "  They 
did  not  do  such  things  in  Washington's  days." 


182  EUFUS    CHOATE. 

If  ever  there  was  a  truly  disinterested  patriot,  Hufus  Choate 
was  that  man.  In  his  political  career  there  was  no  shade 
of  selfishness.  Had  he  been  willing  to  purchase  advance- 
ment at  the  price  often  paid  for  it,  there  never  was  a  moment, 
from  the  time  he  first  made  himself  felt  and  known,  that  he 
could  not  have  commanded  anything  which  any  party  could 
bestow.  But  he  desired  none  of  the  rewards  or  honors  of 
success.  On  the  contrary,  he  not  only  for  his  individual  self 
regarded  office  as  a  burden,  —  an  obstacle  in  the  way  of  the  cul- 
tivation of  his  professional  and  literary  tastes,  —  but  he  held 
that  of  necessity,  and  in  consequence  of  the  strong  tendency 
of  our  parties  to  assume  a  sectional  character,  conservative 
opinions,  seeking  to  moderate  between  the  extremes  which 
agitate  the  country,  must  of  necessity  be  in  the  minority ; 
that  it  was  the  "  mission  "  of  men  who  hold  such  opinions, 
not  to  fill  honorable  and  lucrative  posts,  which  are  una- 
voidably monopolized  by  active  leaders,  but  to  speak  prudent 
words  on  great  occasions,  which  would  command  the  respect, 
if  they  do  not  enlist  the  sympathies,  of  both  the  conflicting  par- 
ties, and  insensibly  influence  the  public  mind.  He  compre- 
hended and  accepted  the  position ;  he  knew  that  it  was  one 
liable  to  be  misunderstood,  and  sure  to  be  misrepresented  at  the 
time ;  but  not  less  sure  to  be  justified  when  the  interests  and 
passions  of  the  day  are  buried  beneath  the  clods  of  the  valley. 

But  this  ostracism  to  which  his  conservative  opinions  con- 
demned him  produced  not  a  shade  of  bitterness  in  his  feel- 
ings. His  patriotism  was  as  cheerful  as  it  was  intense.  He 
regarded  our  confederated  Republic,  with  its  wonderful  ad- 
justment of  State  and  Federal  organization,  —  the  States 
bearing  the  burden  and  descending  to  the  details  of  local 
administration,  the  general  government  moulding  the  whole 
into  one  grand  nationality,  and  representing  it  in  the  family  of 
nations, —  as  the  most  wonderful  phenomenon  in  the  polit- 
ical history  of  the  world.  Too  much  of  a  statesman  to  join 
the  unreflecting  disparagement  with  which  other  great  forms 
of  national  polity  are  often  spoken  of  in  this  country,  he  yet 
considered  the  oldest,  the  wisest,  and  the  most  successful  of 
them,  the  British  Constitution,  as  a  far  less  wonderful  polit- 


RUFUS    CHOATE.  183 

ical  system  than  our  confederated  Republic.  The  territorial 
extent  of  the  country ;  the  beautiful  play  into  each  other  of 
its  great  commercial,  agricultural,  and  manufacturing  inter- 
ests ;  the  material  prosperity,  the  advancement  in  arts  and 
letters  and  manners  already  made ;  the  capacity  for  further 
indefinite  progress  in  this  vast  theatre  of  action,  in  which 
Providence  has  placed  the  Anglo-American  race,  —  stretching 
from  the  Atlantic  to  the  Pacific,  from  the  Arctic  Circle  to  the 
tropics,  were  themes  on  which  he  dwelt  as  none  but  he  could 
dwell ;  and  he  believed  that  with  patience,  with  mutual  for- 
bearance, with  a  willingness  to  think  that  our  brethren,  how- 
ever widely  we  may  differ  from  them,  may  be  as  honest  and 
patriotic  as  ourselves,  our  common  country  would  eventually 
reach  a  height  of  prosperity  of  which  the  world  as  yet  has 
seen  no  example. 

With  such  gifts,  such  attainments,  and  such  a  spirit,  he 
placed  himself,  as  a  matter  of  course,  not  merely  at  the  head 
of  the  jurists  and  advocates,  but  of  the  public  speakers  of  the 
country.  After  listening  to  him  at  the  bar,  in  the  Senate,  or 
upon  the  academic  or  popular  platform,  you  felt  that  you  had 
heard  the  best  that  could  be  said  in  either  place.  That  mas- 
tery which  he  displayed  at  the  forum  and  in  the  deliberative 
assembly  was  not  less  conspicuous  in  every  other  form  of 
public  address.  As  happens  in  most  cases  of  eminent  jurists 
and  statesmen,  possessing  a  brilliant  imagination  and  able  to 
adorn  a  severe  course  of  reasoning  with  the  charms  of  a 
glowing  fancy  and  a  sparkling  style,  it  was  sometimes  said 
of  him,  as  it  was  said  before  him  of  Burke  and  Erskine,  of 
Ames  and  Pinkney,  that  he  was  more  of  a  rhetorician  than  a 
logician,  that  he  dealt  in  words  and  figures  of  speech  more 
than  in  facts  or  arguments.  These  are  the  invidious  com- 
ments by  which  dull  or  prejudiced  men  seek  to  disparage 
those  gifts  which  are  farthest  from  their  own  reach. 

It  is  perhaps  by  his  discourses  on  academical  and  popular 
occasions  that  he  is  most  extensively  known  in  the  commu- 
nity, as  it  is  these  which  were  listened  to  with  delighted 
admiration  by  the  largest  audiences.  He  loved  to  treat  a 
purely  literary  theme ;  and  he  knew  how  to  throw  a  magic 


184  RUFUS    CHOATE. 

freshness,  like  the  cool  morning  dew  on  a  cluster  of  purple 
grapes,  over  the  most  familiar  topics  at  a  patriotic  celebra- 
tion. Some  of  these  occasional  performances  will  ever  be 
held  among  the  brightest  gems  of  our  literature.  The  eulogy 
on  Daniel  Webster  at  Dartmouth  College,  in  which  he  min- 
gled at  once  all  the  light  of  his  genius  and  all  the  warmth  of 
his  heart,  has,  within  my  knowledge,  never  been  equalled 
among  the  performances  of  its  class  in  this  country  for  sym- 
pathetic appreciation  of  a  great  man,  discriminating  analysis 
of  character,  fertility  of  illustration,  weight  of  sentiment,  and 
a  style  at  once  chaste,  nervous,  and  brilliant.  The  long  sen- 
tences which  have  been  criticised  in  this,  as  in  his  other  per- 
formances, are  like  those  which  Dr.  Channing  admired  and 
commended  in  Milton's  prose,  —  well  compacted,  full  of 
meaning,  fit  vehicles,  for  great  thoughts.  But  he  does  not 
deal  exclusively  in  those  ponderous  sentences.  There  is 
nothing  of  the  artificial  Johnsonian  balance  in  his  style.  It 
is  as  often  marked  by  a  pregnant  brevity  as  by  a  sonorous 
amplitude.  He  is  sometimes  satisfied,  in  concise  epigram- 
matic clauses,  to  skirmish  with  his  light  troops  and  drive  in 
the  enemy's  outposts.  It  is  only  on  fitting  occasions,  when 
great  principles  are  to  be  vindicated  and  solemn  truths  told, 
when  some  moral  or  political  Waterloo  or  Solferino  is  to  be 
fought,  that  he  puts  on  the  entire  panoply  of  his  gorgeous 
rhetoric.  It  is  then  that  his  majestic  sentences  swell  to  the 
dimensions  of  his  majestic  thought ;  then  it  is  that  you  hear 
afar  off  the  awful  roar  of  his  rifled  ordnance ;  and  when  he 
has  stormed  the  heights,  and  broken  the  centre,  and  trampled 
the  squares,  and  turned  the  staggering  wings  of  the  adver- 
sary, that  he  sounds  his  imperial  clarion  along  the  whole  line 
of  battle,  and  moves  forward  with  all  his  hosts,  in  one  over- 
whelming charge. 

Our  friend  was,  in  all  the  personal  relations  of  life,  the  most 
unselfish  and  disinterested  of  men.  Commanding  from  an 
early  period  a  valuable  clientelage,  and  rising  rapidly  to  the 
summit  of  his  profession,  and  to  the  best  practice  in  the 
courts  of  Massachusetts  and  in  the  Supreme  Court  of  the 
United  States,  with  no  expensive  tastes  or  habits,  and  a  man- 


RUFUS    CHOATE.  185 

ner  of  life  highly  unostentatious  and  simple,  advancing  years 
overtook  him  with  but  slender  provision  for  their  decline. 
He  reaped  little  but  fame,  where  he  ought  to  have  reaped 
both  fame  and  fortune.  A  career  which  in  England  would 
have  been  crowned  with  affluence,  and  probably  with  distin- 
guished rank  and  office,  found  him  at  sixty  chained  to  the 
tread-mill  of  laborious  practice. 

He  might,  indeed,  be  regarded  as  a  martyr  to  his  profes- 
sion. He  gave  to  it  his  time,  his  strength,  and  neglecting 
due  care  of  regular  bodily  exercise  and  occasional  entire 
relaxation,  he  might  be  said  to  have  given  to  it  his  life.  He 
assumed  the  racking  anxieties  and  feverish  excitements  of 
his  clients.  From  the  courts,  where  he  argued  the  causes 
intrusted  to  him,  with  all  the  energy  of  his  intellect,  rousing 
into  corresponding  action  an  over-tasked  nervous  system, 
these  cares  and  anxieties  followed  him  to  the  weariness  of 
his  midnight  vigils,  and  the  unrest  of  his  sleepless  pillow.  In 
this  way  he  led  a  long  professional  career,  worn  and  harassed 
with  other  men's  cares,  and  sacrificed  ten  added  years  of  pro- 
fessional usefulness  to  the  intensity  with  which  he  threw  him- 
self into  the  discharge  of  his  duties,  in  middle  life. 

There  are  other  recollections  of  our  friend's  career,  other 
phases  of  his  character,  on  which  I  would  gladly  dwell ;  but 
the  hour  has  elapsed  and  it  is  not  necessary.  The  gentlemen 
who  have  preceded  me,  his  professional  brethren,  his  pastor, 
the  press  of  the  country,  generously  allowing  past  differences 
of  opinion  to  be  buried  in  his  grave,  have  more  than  made 
up  for  any  deficiency  in  my  remarks.  His  work  is  done, — 
nobly,  worthily  done.  Nevermore  in  the  temples  of  justice, — 
nevermore  in  the  Senate  Chamber,  —  nevermore  in  the 
crowded  assembly,  —  nevermore  in  this  consecrated  hall 
where  he  so  often  held  listening  crowds  in  rapt  admira- 
tion, —  shall  we  catch  the  unearthly  glance  of  his  eye  or 
listen  to  the  strange  sweet  music  of  his  voice.  To-morrow 
we  shall  follow  him, — the  pure  patriot,  —  the  consummate 
jurist,  —  the  eloquent  orator,  —  the  honored  citizen, —  the  be- 
loved friend,  —  to  the  last  resting-place;  and  who  will  not 
feel,  as  we  lay  him  there,  that  a  brighter  genius  and  a  warmer 
heart  are  not  left  among  living  men  ! 


DANIEL  WEBSTER* 


May  it  please  Your  Excellency:  — 

On  behalf  of  those  by  whose  contributions  the  Statue  of 
Mr.  Webster  has  been  procured,  and  of  the  Committee  in- 
trusted with  the  care  of  its  erection,  it  is  my  pleasing  duty 
to  return  to  you,  and  through  you  to  the  Legislature  of  the 
Commonwealth,  our  dutiful  acknowledgments  for  the  permis- 
sion kindly  accorded  to  us  to  place  the  statue  in  the  Public 
Grounds.  We  feel,  sir,  that  in  allowing  this  monumental 
work  to  be  erected  in  front  of  the  Capitol  of  the  State,  a  dis- 
tinguished honor  has  been  paid  to  the  memory  of  Mr.  Web- 
ster. 

To  you,  sir,  in  particular,!  whose  influence  was  liberally 
employed  to  bring  about  this  result,  and  whose  personal 
attendance  and  participation  have  added  so  much  to  the  in- 
terest of  the  day,  we  are  under  the  highest  obligations. 

To  you,  also,  Mr.  Mayor,  and  to  the  City  Council,  we 
return  our  cordial  thanks  for  your  kind  consent  to  act  on  our 
behalf,  in  delivering  this  cherished  memorial  of  our  honored 
fellow-citizen  into  the  custody  of  the  Commonwealth,  and 
for  your  sympathy  and  assistance  in  the  duties  of  the  occa- 
sion. 

To  you,  our  distinguished  guests,  and  to  you,  fellow-citi- 
zens of  either  sex,  who  come  to  unite  with  us  in  rendering 
these  monumental  honors,  who  adorn  the  occasion  with  your 
presence,  and  cheer  us  with  your  countenance  and  favor,  we 
tender  a  respectful  and  grateful  welcome. 

The  inclemency  of  the  weather  has  made  a  change  in  our 

*  An  oration  delivered  in  the  Boston  Music  Hall  at  the  inauguration  of 
Powers's  statue  of  Daniel  Webster,  17th  September,  1859. 
f  His  Excellency  Nathaniel  P.  Banks. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  187 

arrangements  for  your  reception  necessary,  and  compelled  us 
to  flee  from  the  public  grounds  to  this  spacious  hall.  But 
we  will  not  murmur  at  this  slight  inconvenience.  We  are 
not  the  only  children  for  whom  the  Universal  Parent  cares. 
The  rain  which  has  incommoded  and  disappointed  us  is 
most  welcome  to  the  husbandman  and  the  farmer.  It  will 
yield  their  last  fulness  to  the  maturing  fruits  and  grains ;  it 
will  clothe  the  parched  fields  with  autumnal  verdure,  and 
revive  the  failing  pasturage ;  it  will  replenish  the  exhausted 
springs,  and  thus  promote  the  comfort  of  beast  and  of  man. 
We  have  no  reason  to  lament  that  while,  with  these  simple 
ceremonies,  we  dedicate  the  statue  of  Daniel  Webster  within 
these  walls,  the  work  of  human  hands,  the  genial  skies  are 
baptizing  it  with  gentle  showers,  beneath  the  arch  of  heaven. 
It  has  been  the  custom,  from  the  remotest  antiquity,  to 
preserve  and  to  hand  down  to  posterity,  in  bronze  and  in 
marble,  the  counterfeit  presentment  of  illustrious  men. 
Within  the  last  few  years,  modern  research  has  brought  to 
light,  on  the  banks  of  the  Tigris,  huge  slabs  of  alabaster, 
buried  for  ages,  which  exhibit  in  relief  the  faces  and  the  per- 
sons of  men  who  governed  the  primeval  East  in  the  gray 
dawn  of  history.  Three  thousand  years  have  elapsed  since 
they  lived  and  reigned,  and  built  palaces,  and  fortified  cities, 
and  waged  war,  and  gained  victories,  of  which  the  trophies 
are  carved  upon  these  monumental  tablets,  —  the  triumphal 
procession,  the  chariots  laden  with  spoil,  the  drooping  captive, 
the  conquered  monarch  in  chains,  —  but  the  legends  inscribed 
upon  the  stone  are  imperfectly  deciphered,  and  little  beyond 
the  names  of  the  personages  and  the  most  general  tradition 
of  their  exploits  is  preserved.  In  like  manner  the  obelisks 
and  the  temples  of  ancient  Egypt  are  covered  with  the  sculp- 
tured images  of  whole  dynasties  of  Pharaohs,  —  older  than 
Moses,  older  than  Joseph,  —  whose  titles  are  recorded  in  the 
hieroglyphics  with  which  the  granite  is  charged,  and  which 
are  gradually  yielding  up  their  long-concealed  mysteries  to 
the  sagacity  of  modern  criticism.  The  plastic  arts,  as  they 
passed  into  Hellas,  with  all  the  other  arts  which  give  grace 
and  dignity  to  our  nature,  reached  a  perfection  unknown  to 


188  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

Egypt  or  Assyria  ;  and  the  heroes  and  sages  of  Greece  and 
Rome,  immortalized  by  the  sculptor,  still  people  the  galler- 
ies and  museums  of  the  modern  world.  In  every  succeed- 
ing age,  and  in  every  country  in  which  the  fine  arts  have 
been  cultivated,  the  respect  and  affection  of  survivors  have 
found  a  pure  and  rational  gratification  in  the  historical  por- 
trait and  the  monumental  statue  of  the  honored  and  loved 
in  private  life,  and  especially  of  the  great  and  good  who  have 
deserved  well  of  their  country.  Public  esteem  and  confi- 
dence and  private  affection,  the  gratitude  of  the  community 
and  the  fond  memories  of  the  fireside,  have  ever  sought,  in 
this  way,  to  prolong  the  sensible  existence  of  their  beloved 
and  respected  objects.  What  though  the  dear  and  honored 
features  and  person,  on  which,  while  living,  we  never  gazed 
without  tenderness  or  veneration,  have  been  taken  from  us; 
something  of  the  loveliness,  something  of  the  majesty,  abides 
in  the  portrait,  the  bust,  and  the  statue.  The  heart,  bereft  of 
the  living  originals,  turns  to  them,  and,  cold  and  silent  as  they 
are,  they  strengthen  and  animate  the  cherished  recollections 
of  the  loved,  the  honored,  and  the  lost. 

The  skill  of  the  painter  and  sculptor,  which  thus  comes  in 
aid  of  the  memory  and  imagination,  is,  in  its  highest  degree, 
one  of  the  rarest,  as  it  is  one  of  the  most  exquisite  accom- 
plishments within  our  attainment,  and  in  its  perfection  as 
seldom  witnessed  as  the  perfection  of  speech  or  of  music.  The 
plastic  hand  must  be  moved  by  the  same  ethereal  instinct  as 
the  eloquent  lips  or  the  recording  pen.  The  number  of  those 
who,  in  the  language  of  Michael  Angelo,  can  discern  the 
finished  statue  in  the  heart  of  the  shapeless  block,  and  bid 
it  start  into  artistic  life,  —  who  are  endowed  with  the  exqui- 
site gift  of  moulding  the  rigid  bronze  or  the  lifeless  marble 
into  graceful,  majestic,  and  expressive  forms,  is  not  greater 
than  the  number  of  those  who  are  able,  with  equal  majesty, 
grace,  and  expressiveness,  to  make  the  spiritual  essence  — 
the  finest  shades  of  thought  and  feeling  —  sensible  to  the 
mind,  through  the  eye  and  the  ear,  in  the  mysterious  embodi- 
ment of  the  written  and  the  spoken  word.  If  Athens,  in 
her  palmiest  days,  had  but  one  Pericles,  she  had  also  but  one 
Phidias. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  189 

Nor  are  these  beautiful  and  noble  arts,  by  which  the  face 
and  the  form  of  the  departed  are  preserved  to  us,  —  calling 
into  the  highest  exercise  as  they  do  all  the  imitative  and 
idealizing  powers  of  the  painter  and  sculptor,  —  the  least 
instructive  of  our  teachers.  The  portraits  and  the  statues 
of  the  honored  dead  kindle  the  generous  ambition  of  the 
youthful  aspirant  to  fame.  Themistocles  could  not  sleep  for 
the  trophies  in  the  Ceramicus ;  and  when  the  living  Demos- 
thenes to  whom  you,  sir  (Mr.  Felton),  have  alluded,  had 
ceased  to  speak,  the  stony  lips  remained  to  rebuke  and  exhort 
his  degenerate  countrymen.  More  than  a  hundred  years 
have  elapsed  since  the  great  Newton  passed  away ;  but  from 
age  to  age  his  statue  by  Roubiliac,  in  the  ante-chapel  of 
Trinity  College,  will  give  distinctness  to  the  conceptions 
formed  of  him  by  hundreds  and  thousands  of  ardent  youthful 
spirits,  filled  with  reverence  for  that  transcendent  intellect 
which,  from  the  phenomena  that  fall  within  our  limited  vision, 
deduced  the  imperial  law  by  which  the  Sovereign  Mind  rules 
the  entire  universe.  We  can  never  look  on  the  person  of 
Washington,  but  his  serene  and  noble  countenance,  perpetu- 
ated by  the  pencil  and  the  chisel,  is  familiar  to  far  greater 
multitudes  than  ever  stood  in  his  living  presence,  and  will  be 
thus  familiar  to  the  latest  generation. 

What  parent,  as  he  conducts  his  son  to  Mount  Auburn  or 
to  Bunker  Hill,  will  not,  as  he  pauses  before  their  monumental 
statues,  seek  to  heighten  his  reverence  for  virtue,  for  patriot- 
ism, for  science,  for  learning,  for  devotion  to  the  public  good, 
as  he  bids  him  contemplate  the  form  of  that  grave  and  ven- 
erable Winthrop,  who  left  his  pleasant  home  in  England  to 
come  and  found  a  new  republic  in  this  untrodden  wilderness ; 
of  that  ardent  and  intrepid  Otis,  who  first  struck  out  the 
spark  of  American  independence ;  of  that  noble  Adams,  its 
most  eloquent  champion  on  the  floor  of  Congress;  of  that 
martyr  Warren,  who  laid  down  his  life  in  its  defence ;  of  that 
self-taught  Bowditch,  who,  without  a  guide,  threaded  the 
starry  mazes  of  the  heavens ;  of  that  Story,  honored  at  home 
and  abroad  as  one  of  the  brightest  luminaries  of  the  law, 
and,  by  a  felicity  of  which  I  believe  there  is  no  other  exam- 


ISO  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

pie,  admirably  portrayed  in  marble  by  his  son  ?  "What  citi- 
zen of  Boston,  as  he  accompanies  the  stranger  around  our 
streets,  guiding  him  through  our  busy  thoroughfares,  to  our 
wharfs,  crowded  with  vessels  which  range  every  sea  and  gath- 
er the  produce  of  every  climate,  up  to  the  dome  of  this  capi- 
tol,  which  commands  as  lovely  a  landscape  as  can  delight 
the  eye  or  gladden  the  heart,  will  not,  as  he  calls  his  attention 
at  last  to  the  statues  of  Franklin  and  Webster,  exclaim : 
"  Boston  takes  pride  in  her  natural  position,  she  rejoices  in 
her  beautiful  environs,  she  is  grateful  for  her  material  pros- 
perity ;  but  richer  than  the  merchandise  stored  in  palatial 
warehouses,  greener  than  the  slopes  of  sea-girt  islets,  lovelier 
than  this  encircling  panorama  of  land  and  sea,  of  field  and 
hamlet,  of  lake  and  stream,  of  garden  and  grove,  is  the  mem- 
ory of  her  sons,  native  and  adopted ;  the  character,  services, 
and  fame  of  those  who  have  benefited  and  adorned  their 
day  and  generation.  Our  children,  and  the  schools  at  which 
they  are  trained,  our  citizens,  and  the  services  they  have  ren- 
dered,—  these  are  our  monuments  these  are  our  jewels, 
these   our  abiding  treasures." 

Yes,  your  long  rows  of  quarried  granite  may  crumble  to 
the  dust;  the  cornfields  in  yonder  villages,  ripening  to  the 
sickle,  may,  like  the  plains  of  stricken  Lombardy,  a  few 
weeks  ago,  be  kneaded  into  bloody  clods  by  the  madding 
wheels  of  artillery ;  this  populous  city,  like  the  old  cities  of 
Etruria  and  the  Campagna  Romana,  may  be  desolated  by 
the  pestilence  which  walketh  in  darkness,  may  decay  with  the 
lapse  of  time,  and  the  busy  mart,  which  now  rings  with  the 
joyous  din  of  trade,  become  as  lonely  and  still  as  Carthage 
or  Tyre,  as  Babylon  and  Nineveh ;  but  the  names  of  the 
great  and  good  shall  survive  the  desolation  and  the  ruin ;  the 
memory  of  the  wise,  the  brave,  the  patriotic,  shall  never  per- 
ish. Yes,  Sparta  is  a  wheat-field  ;  —  a  Bavarian  prince  holds 
court  at  the  foot  of  the  Acropolis ;  —  the  travelling  virtuoso  digs 
for  marbles  in  the  Roman  Forum  and  beneath  the  ruins  of 
the  temple  of  Jupiter  Capitolinus :  but  Lycurgus  and  Leon- 
idas,  and  Miltiades  and  Demosthenes,  and  Cato  and  Tully 
"  still  live " ;  and  he  still  lives,  and  all  the  great  and  good 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  191 

shall  live  in  the  heart  of  ages,  while  marble  and  bronze  shall 
endure ;  and  when  marble  and  bronze  have  perished,  they 
shall  "  still  live  "  in  memory,  so  long  as  men  shall  reverence 
Law,  and  honor  Patriotism,  and  love  Liberty. 

Seven  years,  within  a  few  weeks,  have  passed  since  he, 
whose  statue  we  inaugurate  to-day,  was  taken  from  us.  The 
voice  of  respectful  and  affectionate  eulogy,  which  was  uttered 
in  this  vicinity  and  city  at  the  time,  was  promptly  echoed 
throughout  the  country.  The  tribute  paid  to  his  memory, 
by  friends,  neighbors,  and  fellow-citizens,  was  responded  to 
from  the  remotest  corners  of  the  Republic,  by  those  who 
never  gazed  on  his  noble  countenance,  or  listened  to  the  deep 
melody  of  his  voice.  This  city,  which  in  early  manhood  he 
chose  for  his  home ;  his  associates  in  the  honorable  profes- 
sion of  which  he  rose  to  be  the  acknowledged  head ;  the  law 
school  of  the  neighboring  university,  speaking  by  the  lips  of 
one  so  well  able  to  do  justice  to  his  pre-eminence  ;  the  college  at 
which  he  was  educated  and  whose  chartered  privileges  he 
had  successfully  maintained  before  the  highest  tribunal  of  the 
country;  with  other  bodies  and  other  eulogists,  at  the  bar,  in 
the  pulpit,  and  on  the  platform,  throughout  the  Union,  in  num- 
bers, greater  I  believe,  than  have  ever  spoken  on  any  other 
similar  occasion,  except  that  of  the  death  of  Washington, 
joined  with  the  almost  unanimous  Press  of  the  country  in 
one  chorus  of  admiration  of  his  talents,  recognition  of  his 
patriotic  services,  and  respect  and  affection  for  his  memory. 

Nor  have  these  offerings  been  made  at  his  tomb  alone. 
Twice  or  thrice  since  his  death,  once  within  a  few  months, 
the  anniversary  of  his  birthday  has  called  forth,  at  the  table 
of  patriotic  festivity,  the  voice  of  fervid  eulogy  and  affection- 
ate commemoration.  In  this  way  and  on  these  occasions 
his  character  has  been  delineated  by  those  best  able  to  do 
justice  to  his  powers  and  attainments,  to  appreciate  his  ser- 
vices, and  to  take  the  measure,  if  I  may  so  say,  of  his  colos- 
sal mental  stature.  Without  going  beyond  this  immediate 
neighborhood,  and  in  no  degree  ungrateful  for  the  liberality 
or  insensible  to  the  ability  with  which  he  has  been  eulogized 
in  other  parts  of  the  country,  what  need  be  said,  what  can 


192  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

be  said,  in  the  hearing  of  those  who  have  listened  to  Hillard, 
to  Chief  Justice  Parker,  to  Gushing,  and  to  our  lamented 
Choate,  whose  discourse  on  Mr.  Webster  at  Dartmouth  Col- 
lege appears  to  me  as  magnificent  a  eulogium  as  was  ever 
pronounced  ? 

What  can  be  said  that  has  not  been  better  said  before ;  — 
what  need  be  said  now  that  seven  added  years  in  the  politi- 
cal progress  of  the  country,  seven  years  of  respectful  and 
affectionate  recollection  on  the  part  of  those  who  now  occupy 
the  stage,  have  confirmed  his  title  to  the  large  place  which, 
while  he  lived,  he  filled  in  the  public  mind?  While  he  yet 
bore  a  part  in  the  councils  of  the  Union,  he  shared  the  fate 
which,  in  all  countries,  and  especially  in  all  free  countries, 
awaits  commanding  talent  and  eminent  position ;  which 
no  great  man  in  our  history  —  not  Washington  himself  — 
has  ever  escaped  ;  which  none  can  escape,  but  those  who  are 
too  feeble  to  provoke  opposition,  too  obscure  for  jealousy. 
But  now  that  he  has  rested  for  years  in  his  honored  grave, 
what  generous  nature  is  not  pleased  to  strew  flowers  on  the 
sod  ?  What  honorable  opponent,  still  faithful  to  principle,  is 
not  willing  that  all  in  which  he  differed  from  him  should  be 
referred,  without  bitterness,  to  the  impartial  arbitrament  of 
time ;  and  that  all  that  he  respected  and  loved  should  be 
cordially  remembered  ?  What  public  man,  especially  who, 
with  whatever  differences  of  judgment  of  men  or  measures, 
has  borne  on  his  own  shoulders  the  heavy  burden  of  respon- 
sibility, —  who  has  felt  how  hard  it  is,  in  the  larger  compli- 
cations of  affairs,  at  all  times  to  meet  the  expectations  of  an 
intelligent  and  watchful,  but  impulsive  and  not  always  thor- 
oughly instructed  public ;  how  difficult  sometimes  to  satisfy 
his  own  judgment,  —  is  not  willing  that  the  noble  qualities 
and  patriotic  services  of  Webster  should  be  honorably  re- 
corded in  the  book  of  the  country's  remembrance,  and  his 
statue  set  up  in  the  Pantheon  of  her  illustrious  sons  ? 

These  posthumous  honors  lovingly  paid  to  departed  worth 
are  among  the  compensations  which  a  kind  Providence 
vouchsafes,  for  the  unavoidable  conflicts  of  judgment  and 
stern  collisions  of  party,  which  make   the   political   career 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  193 

always  arduous,  even  when  pursued  with  the  greatest  success, 
generally  precarious,  sometimes  destructive  of  health  and 
even  of  life.  It  is  impossible  under  free  governments  to  prevent 
the  existence  of  party;  not  less  impossible  that  parties  should 
be  conducted  with  spirit  and  vigor,  without  more  or  less  in- 
justice done  and  suffered,  more  or  less  gross  uncharitableness 
and  bitter  denunciation.  Besides,  with  the  utmost  effort  at 
impartiality,  it  is  not  within  the  competence  of  our  frail  ca- 
pacities to  do  full  justice  at  the  time  to  a  character  of  varied 
and  towering  greatness,  engaged  in  an  active  and  responsible 
political  career.  The  truth  of  his  principles,  the  wisdom  of 
his  counsels,  the  value  of  his  services,  must  be  seen  in  their 
fruits,  and  the  richest  fruits  are  not  those  of  the  most  rapid 
growth.  The  wisdom  of  antiquity  pronounced  that  no  one 
was  to  be  deemed  happy  until  after  death  ;  not  merely  be- 
cause he  was  then  first  placed  beyond  the  vicissitudes  of  hu- 
man fortune,  but  because  then  only  the  rival  interests,  the 
discordant  judgments,  the  hostile  passions  of  contempora- 
ries, are,  in  ordinary  cases,  no  longer  concerned  to  question 
his  merits.  Horace,  with  gross  adulation,  sang  to  his  impe- 
rial master,  Augustus,  that  he  alone  of  the  great  of  the  earth 
ever  received  while  living  the  full  meed  of  praise.  All  the 
other  great  benefactors  of  mankind,  the  inventors  of  arts,  the 
destroyers  of  monsters,  the  civilizers  of  states,  found  by  expe- 
rience that  hatred  and  envy  were  appeased  by  death  alone* 

The  solemn  event  which  terminates  the  material  existence 
becomes,  by  the  sober  revisions  of  contemporary  judgment, 
aided  by  offices  of  respectful  and  affectionate  commemora- 
tion, the  commencement  of  a  nobler  life  on  earth.  The 
wakeful  eyes  are  closed,  the  feverish  pulse  is  still,  the  tired 
and  trembling  limbs  are  relieved  from  their  labors,  and  the 
aching  head  is  laid  to  rest  on  the  lap  of  its  mother  earth ; 
but  all  that  we  honored  and  loved  in  the  living  man  begins 
to  live  again  in  a  new  and  higher  being  of  influence  and 
fame.  It  was  given  but  to  a  limited  number  to  listen  to  the 
living  voice,  and  they  can   never  listen  to  it  again,  but  the 

*  "  Comperit  invidiam  supremo  fine  domari." 
VOL.  IV.  13 


194  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

wise  teachings,  the  grave  admonitions,  the  patriotic  exhorta- 
tions which  fell  from  his  tongue  will  be  gathered  together 
and  garnered  up  in  the  memory  of  millions.  The  cares,  the 
toils,  the  sorrows  ;  the  conflicts  with  others,  the  conflicts  of 
the  fervent  spirit  with  itself;  the  sad  accidents  of  humanity, 
the  fears  of  the  brave,  the  follies  of  the  wise,  the  errors  of  the 
learned  ;  all  that  dashed  the  cup  of  enjoyment  with  bitter 
drops,  and  strewed  sorrowful  ashes  over  the  beauty  of  expec- 
tation and  promise;  the  treacherous  friend,  the  ungenerous 
rival,  the  mean  and  malignant  foe  ;  the  uncharitable  prejudice 
which  withheld  the  just  tribute  of  praise ;  the  human  frailty 
which  wove  sharp  thorns  into  the  wreath  of  solid  merit;  — 
all  these,  in  ordinary  cases,  are  buried  in  the  grave  of  the 
illustrious  dead  ;  while  their  brilliant  talents,  their  deeds  of 
benevolence  and  public  spirit,  their  wise  and  eloquent  words, 
their  healing  counsels,  their  generous  affections,  the  whole 
man,  in  short,  whom  we  revered  and  loved,  and  would  fain 
imitate,  especially  when  his  image  is  impressed  upon  our 
recollections  by  the  pencil  or  the  chisel,  goes  forth  to  the  admi- 
ration of  the  latest  posterity.     Extinctus  amabitur  idem. 

Our  city  has  lately  witnessed  a  most  beautiful  instance  of 
this  reanimating  power  of  death.  A  few  weeks  since,  we 
followed  towards  the  tomb  the  lifeless  remains  of  our  la- 
mented Choate.  Well  may  we  consecrate  a  moment,  even 
of  this  hour,  to  him  who,  in  that  admirable  discourse  to 
which  I  have  already  alluded,  did  such  noble  justice  to  him- 
self and  the  great  subject  of  his  eulogy.  A  short  time  before 
the  decease  of  our  much-honored  friend,  I  had  seen  him  shat- 
tered by  disease,  his  all-persuasive  voice  faint  and  languid, 
his  beaming  eye  quenched ;  and  as  he  left  us  in  search  of 
health  in  a  foreign  clime,  a  painful  image  and  a  sad  forebod- 
ing, too  soon  fulfilled,  dwelt  upon  my  mind.  But  on  the 
morning  of  the  day  when  we  were  to  pay  the  last  mournful 
offices  to  our  friend,  the  23d  of  July,  with  a  sad,  let  me  not 
say  a  repining,  thought,  that  so  much  talent,  so  much  learning, 
so  much  eloquence,  so  much  wit,  so  much  wisdom,  so  much 
force  of  intellect,  so  much  kindness  of  heart,  were  taken 
from  us,  an    engraved  likeness  of  him  was  brought  to  me, 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  195 

in  which  he  seemed  to  live  again.  The  shadows  of  disease 
and  suffering  had  passed  from  the  brow,  the  well-remembered 
countenance  was  clothed  with  its  wonted  serenity,  a  cheerful 
smile  lighted  up  the  features,  genius  kindled  in  the  eye,  per- 
suasion hovered  over  the  lips,  and  I  felt  as  if  I  was  going,  not 
to  his  funeral,  but  his  triumph.  "  Weep  not  for  me,"  it 
seemed  to  say,  "  but  weep  for  yourselves."  And  never,  while 
he  dwelt  among  us  in  the  feeble  tabernacle  of  the  flesh  ;  never, 
while  the  overtasked  spirit  seemed  to  exhaust  the  delicate 
frame  in  which  it  sojourned ;  never,  as  I  listened  to  the  melody 
of  his  living  voice,  —  did  he  speak  to  my  imagination  and  heart 
with  such  a  touching  though  silent  eloquence  as  when  we 
followed  his  hearse  along  these  streets,  that  bright  midsum- 
mer's noon,  up  the  via  sacra  in  front  of  this  capitol,  slowlv 
moving  to  the  solemn  beat  of  grand  dead-marches,  as  they 
rose  and  swelled  from  wailing  clarion  and  muffled  drum, 
while  the  minute-guns  from  yonder  lawn  responded  to  the 
passing  bell  from  yonder  steeple.  I  then  understood  the  sub- 
lime significance  of  the  words  which  Cicero  puts  into  the 
mouth  of  Cato,  that  the  mind,  elevated  to  the  foresight  of 
posterity,  when  departing  from  this  life,  begins  at  length  to 
live ;  yea,  the  sublimer  words  of  a  greater  than  Cicero,  "  O 
death,  where  is  thy  sting!  O  grave,  where  is  thy  victory ? " 
And  then,  as  we  passed  the  abodes  of  those  whom  he  knew, 
and  honored,  and  loved,  and  who  had  gone  before ;  of  Law- 
rence here  on  the  left;  of  Prescott  yonder  on  the  right;  this 
home  where  Hancock  lived  and  Washington  was  received; 
this  where  Lafayette  sojourned ;  this  capitol,  where  his  own 
political  course  began,  and  on  which  so  many  patriotic  mem- 
ories are  concentrated,  I  felt  not  as  if  we  were  conducting 
another  frail  and  weary  body  to  the  tomb,  but  as  if  we  were 
escorting  a  noble  brother  to  the  congenial  company  of  the 
departed  great  and  good  ;  and  I  was  ready  myself  to  exclaim, 
"  O  prccclarum  diem,  cum  ad  Mud  divinwn  animorum  concil- 
ium catumque  prq/lciscar,  cumque  ex  hac  turba  et  colluvione 
discedam." 

It  will  not,  I  think,  be  expected  of  me  to  undertake  the 
superfluous  task  of  narrating  in  great  detail  the  well-known 


196  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

events  of  Mr.  Webster's  life,  or  of  attempting  an  elaborate 
delineation  of  that  character,  to  which  such  ample  justice 
has  already  been  done  by  master  hands.  I  deem  it  sufficient 
to  say  in  general,  that,  referred  to  all  the  standards  by  which 
public  character  can  be  estimated,  he  exhibited,  in  a  rare 
degree,  the  qualities  of  a  truly  great  man. 

The  period  at  which  he  came  forward  in  life,  and  during 
which  he  played  so  distinguished  a  part,  was  not  one  in 
which  small  men,  dependent  upon  their  own  exertions,  are 
likely  to  rise  to  a  high  place  in  public  estimation.  The  pres- 
ent generation  of  young  men  are  hardly  aware  of  the  vehe- 
mence of  the  storms  that  shook  the  world  at  the  time  when 
Mr.  Webster  became  old  enough  to  form  the  first  childish 
conceptions  of  the  nature  of  the  events. in  progress  at  home 
and  abroad.  His  recollection,  he  tells  us,  in  an  autobio- 
graphical sketch,  went  back  to  the  year  1790,  —  a  year  when 
the  political  system  of  Continental  Europe  was  about  to 
plunge  into  a  state  of  frightful  disintegration,  while,  under 
the  new  Constitution,  the  United  States  were  commencing 
an  unexampled  career  of  prosperity  ;  Washington  just  enter- 
ing upon  the  first  Presidency  of  the  new-born  Republic ;  the 
reins  of  the  oldest  monarchy  in  Europe  slipping,  besmeared 
with  blood,  from  the  hands  of  the  descendant  of  thirty  gen- 
erations of  kings.  The  fearful  struggle  between  France  and 
the  allied  powers  succeeded,  which  strained  the  resources  of 
the  European  governments  to  their  utmost  tension.  Armies 
and  navies  were  arrayed  against  each  other,  such  as  the  civ- 
ilized world  had  never  seen  before,  and  wars  waged  beyond 
all  former  experience.  The  storm  passed  over  the  continent 
as  a  tornado  passes  through  a  forest,  when  it  comes  rolling 
and  roaring  from  the  clouds,  and  prostrates  the  growth  of  cen- 
turies in  its  path.  England,  in  virtue  of  her  insular  position, 
her  naval  power,  and  her  free  institutions,  had,  more  than 
any  other  foreign  country,  weathered  the  storm ;  but  Russia 
saw  the  Arctic  sky  lighted  with  the  flames  of  her  old  Musco- 
vite capital ;  the  shadowy  Kaisers  of  the  House  of  Hapsburg 
were  compelled  to  abdicate  the  crown  of  the  Holy  Roman 
Empire,  and  accept  as  a  substitute  that  of  Austria;  Prussia, 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  197 

staggering  from  Jena,  trembled  on  the  verge  of  political  an- 
nihilation ;  the  other  German  states,  Italy,  Switzerland,  Hol- 
land, and  the  Spanish  Peninsula,  were  convulsed;  Egypt 
overrun ;  Constantinople  and  the  East  threatened ;  and  in 
many  of  these  states,  institutions,  laws,  ideas,  and  manners 
were  changed  as  effectually  as  dynasties.  With  the  down- 
fall of  Napoleon,  a  partial  reconstruction  of  the  old  forms 
took  place ;  but  the  political  genius  of  the  continent  of  Eu- 
rope was  revolutionized. 

On  this  side  of  the  Atlantic,  the  United  States,  though 
studying  an  impartial  neutrality,  were  drawn  at  first  to  some 
extent  into  the  outer  circles  of  the  terrific  maelstrom ;  but 
soon  escaping,  they  started  upon  a  career  of  national  growth 
and  development  of  which  the  world  has  witnessed  no  other 
example.  Meantime  the  Spanish  and  the  Portuguese  Vice- 
royalties  south  of  us,  from  Mexico  to  Cape  Horn,  asserted 
their  independence  ;  that  Castilian  empire  on  which  the  sun 
never  set  was  dismembered,  and  the  golden  chain  was  for- 
ever sundered,  by  which  Columbus  had  linked  half  his  new- 
found world  to  the  throne  of  Ferdinand  and  Isabella. 

Such  was  the  crowd  and  the  importance  of  the  events  in 
which,  from  his  childhood  up,  the  life  of  Mr.  Webster,  and 
of  the  generation  to  which  he  belonged,  was  passed;  and  I 
can  with  all  sincerity  say,  that  it  has  never  been  my  fortune, 
in  Europe  or  America,  to  hold  intercourse  with  any  person 
who  seemed  to  me  to  penetrate  further  than  he  had  done 
into  the  spirit  of  the  age,  under  its  successive  phases  of  dis- 
solution, chaos,  reconstruction,  and  progress.  Born  and  bred 
on  the  verge  of  the  wilderness  (his  father  a  veteran  of  those 
old  French  and  Indian  wars,  in  which,  in  the  middle  of  the 
eighteenth  century,  wild  men  came  out  of  the  woods  to  wage 
war  with  the  tomahawk  and  the  scalping-knife,  against  the 
fireside  and  the  cradle),  with  the  slenderest  opportunities  for 
early  education,  entering  life  with  scarce  the  usual  facilities 
for  reading  the  riddle  of  foreign  statecraft,  remote  from  the 
scene  of  action,  relying  upon  sources  of  information  equally 
open  to  all  the  world,  he  seemed  to  me,  nevertheless,  by  the 
instinct  of  a  great  capacity,  to  have  comprehended  in  all  its 


198  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

aspects  the  march  of  events  in  Europe  and  this  country.  He 
surveyed  the  agitation  of  the  age  with  calmness,  deprecated 
its  excesses,  sympathized  with  its  progressive  tendencies,  re- 
joiced in  its  triumphs.  His  first  words  in  Congress,  when  he 
came  unannounced  from  his  native  hills  in  1813,  proclaimed 
his  mastery  of  the  perplexed  web  of  European  politics,  in 
which  the  United  States  were  then  but  too  deeply  entangled ; 
and  from  that  time  till  his  death,  I  think  we  all  felt,  those  who 
differed  from  him  as  well  as  those  who  agreed  with  him,  that 
he  was  in  no  degree  below  the  standard  of  his  time ;  that  if 
Providence  had  cast  his  lot  in  the  field  where  the  great  desti- 
nies of  Europe  are  decided,  this  poor  New  Hampshire  youth 
would  have  carried  his  head  as  high  among  the  Metternichs, 
the  Nesselrodes,  the  Hardenbergs,  the  Talleyrands,  the  Castle- 
reaghs  of  the  day,  and  surely  among  their  successors,  who 
now  occupy  the  stage,  as  he  did  among  his  contemporaries  at 
home. 

Let  me  not  be  thought,  however,  in  this  remark,  to  intimate 
that  these  contemporaries  at  home  were  second-rate  men  ; 
far  otherwise.  It  has  sometimes  seemed  to  me  that,  owing 
to  the  natural  reverence  in  which  we  hold  the  leaders  of  the 
revolutionary  period,  —  the  heroic  age  of  the  country,  —  and 
those  of  the  constitutional  age  who  brought  out  of  chaos 
this  august  system  of  confederate  republicanism,  we  hardly 
do  full  justice  to  the  third  period  in  our  political  history, 
which  may  be  dated  from  about  the  time  when  Mr.  Webster 
came  into  political  life,  and  continued  through  the  first  part 
of  his  career.  The  heroes  and  sages  of  the  revolutionary 
and  constitutional  period  were  indeed  gone.  Washington, 
Franklin,  Greene,  Hamilton,  Morris,  Jay,  slept  in  their  hon- 
ored graves.  John  Adams,  Jefferson,  Carroll,  though  surviv- 
ing, were  withdrawn  from  affairs.  But  Madison,  who 
contributed  so  much  to  the  formation  and  adoption  of  the 
Constitution,  was  at  the  helm  ;  Monroe  in  the  cabinet;  John 
Quincy  Adams,  Gallatin,  and  Bayard  negotiating  in  Europe ; 
in  the  Senate  were  Rufus  King,  Christopher  Gore,  Jeremiah 
Mason,  Giles,  Otis ;  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  Pick- 
ering, Clay,   Lowndes,    Cheves,   Calhoun,  Gaston,  Forsyth, 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  199 

Randolph,  Oakley,  Pitkin,  Grosvenor ;  on  the  bench  of 
the  Supreme  Court,  Marshall,  Livingston,  Story;  at  the 
bar,  Dexter,  Emmet,  Pinkney,  and  Wirt;  with  many  distin- 
guished men  not  in  the  general  government,  of  whom  it  is 
enough  to  name  DeWitt  Clinton  and  Chancellor  Kent.  It 
was  my  privilege  to  see  Mr.  Webster  associated  and  mingling 
with  nearly  all  these  eminent  men,  and  their  successors,  not 
only  in  later  years,  but  in  my  own  youth,  and  when  he 
first  came  forward,  unknown  as  yet  to  the  country  at  large, 
scarcely  known  to  himself,  not  arrogant,  nor  yet  wholly 
unconscious  of  his  mighty  powers,  tied  to  a  laborious  profes- 
sion in  a  narrow  range  of  practice,  but  glowing  with  a  gen- 
erous ambition,  and  not  afraid  to  grapple  with  the  strongest 
and  boldest  in  the  land.  The  opinion  pronounced  of  him,  at 
the  commencement  of  his  career,  by  Mr.  Lowndes,  that  the 
"  South  had  not  in  Congress  his  superior,  nor  the  North  his 
equal,"  savors  in  the  form  of  expression  of  sectional  partial- 
ity. If  it  had  been  said,  that  neither  at  the  South  nor  the 
North  had  any  public  man  risen  more  rapidly  to  a  brilliant 
reputation,  no  one,  I  think,  would  have  denied  the  justice  of 
the  remark.  He  stood  from  the  first  the  acknowledged  equal 
of  the  most  distinguished  of  his  associates.  In  later  years 
he  acted  with  the  successors  of  those  I  have  named,  with 
Benton,  Burges,  Edward  Livingston,  Hayne,  McDuffie, 
McLean,  Sergeant,  Clayton,  Wilde,  Storrs,  our  own  Bates, 
Davis,  Gorham,  Choate,  and  others  who  still  survive ;  but  it 
will  readily  be  admitted  that  he  never  sunk  from  the  position 
which  he  assumed  at  the  outset  of  his  career,  nor  stood 
second  to  any  man  in  any  part  of  the  country. 

If  we  now  look  for  a  moment  at  the  public  questions 
with  which  he  was  called  to  deal  in  the  course  of  his  career, 
and  with  which  he  did  deal,  in  the  most  masterly  manner,  as 
they  successively  came  up,  we  shall  find  new  proofs  of  his 
great  ability.  When  he  first  came  forward  in  life,  the  two  great 
belligerent  powers  of  Europe,  contending  with  each  other  for 
the  mastery  of  the  world,  despising  our  youthful  weakness, 
and  impatient  of  our  gainful  neutrality,  in  violation  now 
admitted  of  the  Law  of  Nations,  emulated  each  other  in  the 


200  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

war  waged  upon  our  commerce  and  the  insults  offered  to  our 
flag.  To  engage  in  a  contest  with  both  would  have  been 
madness ;  the  choice  of  the  antagonist  was  a  question  of 
difficulty,  and  well  calculated  to  furnish  topics  of  reproach 
and  recrimination.  Whichever  side  you  adopted,  your  oppo- 
nent regarded  you  as  being,  in  a  great  national  struggle,  the 
apologist  of  an  unfriendly  foreign  power.  In  1798  the  United 
States  chose  France  for  their  enemy ;  in  1812,  Great  Britain. 
War  was  declared  against  the  latter  country  on  the  18th  of 
June,  1812 ;  the  Orders  in  Council,  which  were  the  imme- 
diate, though  not  the  exclusive,  cause  of  the  war,  were  re- 
scinded five  days  afterwards.  Such  are  the  narrow  chances 
on  which  the  fortunes  of  States  depend.  • 

Great  questions  of  domestic  and  foreign  policy  followed 
the  close  of  war.  Of  the  former  class  were  the  restora- 
tion of  a  currency  which  should  truly  represent  the  values 
which  it  nominally  circulated ;  a  result  mainly  brought  about 
by  a  resolution  moved  by  Mr.  Webster ;  —  the  fiscal  system 
of  the  Union  and  the  best  mode  of  connecting  the  collection, 
safe-keeping,  and  disbursement  of  the  public  funds,  with  the 
commercial  wants,  and  especially  with  the  exchanges  of  the 
country  ;  —  the  stability  of  the  manufactures,  which  had  been 
called  into  existence  during  the  war ;  what  can  constitution- 
ally be  done,  ought  anything  as  a  matter  of  policy  to  be  done 
by  Congress,  to  protect  them  from  the  competition  of  foreign 
skill,  and  the  glut  of  foreign  markets ;  the  internal  commu- 
nications of  the  Union,  a  question  of  paramount  interest 
before  the  introduction  of  railroads ;  —  can  the  central  power 
do  anything,  what  can  it  do,  by  roads  and  canals,  to  bind  the 
distant  parts  of  the  continent  together;  the  enlargement  of 
the  judicial  system  of  the  country  to  meet  the  wants  of  the 
greatly  increased  number  of  the  States  ;  the  revision  of  the 
criminal  code  of  the  United  States,  which  was  almost  exclu- 
sively his  work ;  the  administration  of  the  public  lands,  and 
the  best  mode  of  filling  with  civilized  and  Christian  homes 
this  immense  domain,  the  amplest  heritage  which  was  ever 
subjected  to  the  control  of  a  free  government;  connected 
with  the  public  domain,  the  relations  of  the  civilized  and 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  201 

dominant  race  to  the  aboriginal  children  of  the  soil ;  and 
lastly,  the  constitutional  questions  on  the  nature  of  the  gov- 
ernment, which  were  raised  in  that  gigantic  controversy  on 
the  interpretation  of  the  fundamental  law  itself.  These  were 
some  of  the  most  important  domestic  questions  which  occu- 
pied the  attention  of  Congress  and  the  country,  while  Mr. 
Webster  was  on  the  stage. 

Of  questions  connected  with  foreign  affairs  were  those 
growing  out  of  the  war,  which  was  in  progress  when  he  first 
became  a  member  of  Congress,  —  then  the  various  questions 
of  international  law,  some  of  them  as  novel  as  they  were 
important,  which  had  reference  to  the  entrance  or  the  at- 
tempted entrance  of  so  many  new  States  into  the  family  of 
nations;  in  —  Europe,  Greece,  Belgium,  Hungary;  —  on  this 
continent,  twelve  or  fourteen  new  republics,  great  and  small, 
bursting  from  the  ruins  of  the  Spanish  colonial  empire,  like  a 
group  of  asteroids  from  the  wreck  of  an  exploded  planet ;  — 
the  invitation  of  the  infant  American  Republics  to  meet 
them  in  Congress  at  Panama ;  —  our  commercial  relations 
with  the  British  colonies  in  the  West  Indies  and  on  this  con- 
tinent;—  demands  on  several  European  states  for  spolia- 
tions on  our  commerce  during  the  wars  of  the  French  Revo- 
lution ;  —  our  secular  controversy  with  England  relative  to 
the  boundary  of  the  United  States  on  the  northeastern  and 
Pacific  frontiers;  —  our  relations  with  Mexico,  previous  to 
the  war ;  —  the  immunity  of  the  American  flag  upon  the 
common  jurisdiction  of  the  ocean ;  —  and,  more  important 
than  all  other  questions,  foreign  or  domestic,  in  its  influence 
upon  the  general  politics  of  the  country,  the  great  sectional 
controversy,  —  not  then  first  commenced,  but  greatly  in- 
creased in  warmth  and  energy,  —  which  connected  itself  with 
the  organization  of  the  newly  acquired  Mexican  territories. 

Such  were  the  chief  questions  on  which  it  was  Mr.  Web- 
ster's duty  to  form  opinions;  as  an  influential  member  of 
Congress  and  a  political  leader,  to  speak  and  to  vote ;  as  a 
member  of  the  executive  government,  to  exercise  a  power- 
ful, over  some  of  them  a  decisive  control.  Besides  these, 
there  was  another  class  of  questions  of  great  public  impor- 


202  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

tance,  which  came  up  for  adjudication  in  the  courts  of  the 
United  States,  which  he  was  called  professionally  to  discuss. 
Many  of  the  questions  of  each  class  now  referred  to  divided 
and  still  divide  opinion  ;  excited  and  still  excite  the  feelings 
of  individuals,  of  parties,  of  sections  of  the  country.  There 
are  some  of  them,  which  in  the  course  of  a  long  life,  under 
changing  circumstances,  are  likely  to  be  differently  viewed  at 
different  periods,  by  the  same  individual.  I  am  not  here  to- 
day to  rake  off  the  warm  ashes  from  the  embers  of  contro- 
versies, which  have  spent  their  fury  and  are  dying  away,  or 
to  fan  the  fires  of  those  which  still  burn.  But  no  one,  I 
think,  whether  he  agreed  with  Mr.  Webster  or  differed  from 
him,  as  to  any  of  these  questions,  will  deny  that  he  treated 
them  each  and  all  as  they  came  up  in  the  Senate,  in  the 
courts,  or  in  negotiation  with  foreign  powers,  in  a  broad, 
statesman-like,  and  masterly  way.  There  are  few  who  would 
not  confess,  when  they  agreed  with  him,  that  he  had  expressed 
their  opinions  better  than  they  could  do  it  themselves ;  few, 
when  they  differed  from  him,  who  would  not  admit  that  he  had 
maintained  his  own  views  manfully,  powerfully,  and  liberally. 

Such  was  the  period  in  which  Mr.  Webster  lived,  such 
were  the  associates  with  whom  he  acted,  the  questions  with 
which  he  had  to  deal  as  a  statesman,  a  jurist,  the  head  of  an 
administration  of  the  government,  and  a  public  speaker.  Let 
us  contemplate  him  for  a  moment  in  either  capacity. 

Without  passing  through  the  preliminary  stage  of  the  State 
Legislature,  and  elected  to  Congress  in  six  years  from  the 
time  of  his  admission  to  the  Superior  Court  of  New  Hamp- 
shire, he  was,  on  his  first  entrance  into  the  House  of  Repre- 
sentatives, placed  by  Mr.  Speaker  Clay  on  the  Committee 
of  Foreign  Affairs,  and  took  rank  forthwith  as  one  of  the 
leading  statesmen  of  the  day.  His  first  speech  had  reference 
to  those  famous  Berlin  and  Milan  decrees  and  Orders  in 
Council,  to  which  I  have  already  alluded,  and  the  impression 
produced  by  it  was  such  as  to  lead  the  venerable  Chief  Jus- 
tice Marshall,  eighteen  years  afterward,  in  writing  to  Mr. 
Justice  Story,  to  say :  "  At  the  time  when  this  speech  was 
delivered  I  did  not  know  Mr.  W^ebster,  but  I  was  so  much 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  203 

struck  with  it,  that  I  did  not  hesitate  then  to  state  that  he 
was  a  very  able  man,  and  would  become  one  of  the  very  first 
statesmen  in  America,  —  perhaps  the  very  first."  His  mind, 
at  the  very  outset  of  his  career,  had,  by  a  kind  of  instinct, 
soared  from  the  principles  which  govern  the  municipal  rela- 
tions of  individuals,  to  those  great  rules  which  dictate  the 
law  of  nations  to  independent  states.  He  tells  us,  in  the 
fragment  of  a  diary  kept  while  he  was  a  law  student  in  Mr. 
Gore's  office,  that  he  then  read  Vattel  through  for  the  third  time. 
Accordingly,  in  after  life,  there  was  no  subject  which  he  dis- 
cussed with  greater  pleasure,  and,  I  may  add,  with  greater 
power,  than  questions  of  the  Law  of  Nations.  The  Revolu- 
tion of  Greece  had,  from  its  outbreak,  attracted  much  of  the 
attention  of  the  civilized  world.  A  people,  whose  ancestors 
had  originally  taught  letters  and  arts  to  mankind,  struggling 
to  regain  a  place  in  the  great  family  of  independent  states, 
the  convulsive  efforts  of  a  Christian  people,  the  foundation 
of  whose  churches  by  the  apostles  in  person  is  recorded  in 
the  New  Testament,  to  shake  off  the  yoke  of  Mohammedan 
despotism,  possessed  a  strange  interest  for  the  friends  of 
Christian  liberty  throughout  Europe  and  America.  Pres- 
ident Monroe  had  called  the  attention  of  Congress  to  this 
most  interesting  struggle,  in  December,  1823,  and  Mr.  Web- 
ster, returning  to  Congress  after  a  retirement  of  eight  years, 
as  the  Representative  of  Boston,  made  the  Greek  Revolution 
the  subject  of  a  motion  and  a  speech.  In  this  speech  he 
treated  what  he  called  "  the  great  question  of  the  day,  —  the 
question  between  absolute  and  regulated  governments."  He 
engaged  in  a  searching  criticism  of  the  doctrines  of  the  "  Holy 
Alliance,"  and  maintained  the  duty  of  the  United  States  as 
a  great  free  power  to  protest  against  them.  That  speech 
remains,  in  my  judgment,  to  this  day  the  ablest  and  most 
effective  remonstrance  against  the  principles  of  the  allied 
military  powers  of  continental  Europe.  Mr.  Jeremiah  Mason 
pronounced  it  "  the  best  sample  of  parliamentary  eloquence 
and  statesmanlike  reasoning  which  our  country  had  seen." 
His  indignant  protest  against  the  spirit  of  absolutism,  and 
his  words  of  sympathy  with  an  infant  people  struggling  for 


204  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

independence,  were  borne  on  the  wings  of  the  wind  through- 
out Christendom.  They  were  read  in  every  language,  at 
every  court,  in  every  cabinet,  in  every  reading-room,  on  every 
market-place ;  by  the  republicans  of  Mexico  and  Spanish 
South  America,  by  the  patriots  of  Italy  and  of  Poland;  on 
the  Tagus,  on  the  Danube,  as  well  as  at  the  head  of  the  little 
armies  of  revolutionary  Greece.  The  practical  impression 
which  it  made  on  the  American  mind  was  seen  in  the  lib- 
erality with  which  cargoes  of  food  and  clothing,  a  year  or 
two  afterwards,  were  despatched  to  the  relief  of  the  Greeks. 
No  legislative  or  executive  measure  was  adopted  at  that  time 
in  consequence  of  Mr.  "Webster's  motion  and  speech,  —  prob- 
ably none  was  anticipated  by  him  ;  but  no  one  who  consid- 
ers how  much  the  march  of  events  in  such  cases  is  influenced 
by  the  moral  sentiments  will  doubt  that  a  great  word  like 
this,  spoken  in  the  American  Congress,  must  have  had  no 
slight  effect  in  cheering  the  heart  of  Greece,  to  persevere  in 
her  unequal  but  finally  successful  struggle. 

It  was  by  these  masterly  parliamentary  efforts  that  Mr. 
Webster  left  his  mark  on  the  age  in  which  he  lived.  His 
fidelity  to  his  convictions  kept  him  for  the  greater  part  of  his 
life  in  a  minority, —  a  position  which  he  regarded,  not  as  a 
proscription,  but  as  a  post  of  honor  and  duty.  He  felt  that 
in  free  governments  and  in  a  normal  state  of  parties,  an  op- 
position is  a  political  necessity,  and  that  it  has  its  duties  not 
less  responsible  than  those  which  attach  to  office.  Before 
the  importance  of  Mr.  Webster's  political  services  is  dispar- 
aged for  want  of  positive  results  which  can  only  be  brought 
about  by  those  who  are  clothed  with  power,  it  must  be  shown 
that  to  raise  a  persuasive  and  convincing  voice  in  the  vindi- 
cation of  truth  and  right,  to  uphold  and  assert  the  true  prin- 
ciples of  the  government  under  which  we  live,  and  bring 
them  home  to  the  hearts  of  the  people,  to  do  this  from  a 
sense  of  patriotic  duty,  and  without  hope  of  the  honors  and 
emoluments  of  office,  to  do  it  so  as  to  instruct  the  public 
conscience  and  warm  the  public  heart,  is  a  less  meritorious 
service  to  society,  than  to  touch  with  skilful  hand  the  springs 
of  party  politics,  and  to  hold  together  the  often  discordant 
elements  of  ill-compacted  majorities. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  205 

The  greatest  parliamentary  effort  made  by  Mr.  "Webster 
was  his  second  speech  on  Foote's  resolution,  — the  question 
at  issue  being  nothing  less  than  this  :  Is  the  Constitution 
of  the  United  States  a  compact  without  a  common  umpire 
between  confederated  sovereignties  ;  or  is  it  a  government  of 
the  people  of  the  United  States,  sovereign  within  the  sphere 
of  its  delegated  powers,  although  reserving  a  great  mass 
of  undelegated  rights  to  the  separate  State  governments  and 
the  people  ?  With  those  who  embrace  the  opinions  which 
Mr.  Webster  combated  in  this  speech,  this  is  not  the  time 
nor  the  place  to  engage  in  an  argument ;  but  those  who  be- 
lieve that  he  maintained  the  true  principles  of  the  Constitu- 
tion will  probably  agree,  that  since  that  instrument  was 
communicated  to  the  Continental  Congress,  seventy-two 
years  ago  this  day,  by  George  Washington  as  President  of 
the  Federal  Convention,  no  greater  service  has  been  rendered 
to  the  country  than  in  the  delivery  of  this  speech.  Well  do 
I  recollect  the  occasion  and  the  scene.  It  was  truly  what 
Wellington  called  the  battle  of  Waterloo,  a  conflict  of  giants. 
I  passed  an  hour  and  a  half  with  Mr.  Webster,  at  his  request, 
the  evening  before  this  great  effort ;  and  he  went  over  to  me, 
from  a  very  concise  brief,  the  main  topics  of  the  speech 
which  he  had  prepared  for  the  following  day.  So  calm  and 
unimpassioned  was  the  memorandum,  so  entirely  was  he  at 
ease  himself,  that  I  was  tempted  to  think,  absurdly  enough, 
that  he  was  not  sufficiently  aware  of  the  magnitude  of  the 
occasion.  But  I  soon  perceived  that  his  calmness  was  the 
repose  of  conscious  power.  He  was  not  only  at  ease,  but 
sportive  and  full  of  anecdote;  and  as  he  told  the  Senate 
playfully  the  next  day,  he  slept  soundly  that  night  on  the 
formidable  assault  of  his  gallant  and  accomplished  adversary. 
So  the  great  Conde"  slept  on  the  eve  of  the  battle  of  Rocroi ; 
so  Alexander  slept  on  the  eve  of  the  battle  of  Arbela;  and  so 
they  awoke  to  deeds  of  immortal  fame.  As  I  saw  him  in 
the  evening  (if  I  may  borrow  an  illustration  from  his  favorite 
amusement),  he  was  as  unconcerned  and  as  free  of  spirit,  as 
some  here  have  often  seen  him,  while  floating  in  his  fishing- 
boat  along  a  hazy  shore,  gently  rocking  on  the  tranquil  tide, 


206  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

dropping  his  line  here  and  there,  with  the  varying  fortune  of 
the  sport.  The  next  morning  he  was  like  some  mighty  Ad- 
miral, dark  and  terrible,  casting  the  long  shadow  of  his  frown- 
ing tiers  far  over  the  sea,  that  seemed  to  sink  beneath  him  ; 
his  broad  pennant  streaming  at  the  main,  the  stars  and  the 
stripes  at  the  fore,  the  mizen,  and  the  peak ;  and  bearing 
down  like  a  tempest  upon  his  antagonist,  with  all  his  can- 
vas strained  to  the  wind,  and  all  his  thunders  roaring  from 
his  broadsides. 

Mr.  Webster's  career  was  not  less  brilliant  as  a  jurist  than 
as  a  statesman.  In  fact  he  possessed,  in  an  eminent  degree, 
a  judicial  mind.  While  performing  an  amount  of  congres- 
sional and  official  labor  sufficient  to  fill  the  busiest  day  and 
to  task  the  strongest  powers,  he  yet  sustained,  with  a  giant's 
strength,  the  Herculean  toils  of  his  profession.  At  the  very 
commencement  of  his  studies,  resisting  the  fascination  of  a 
more  liberal  course  of  reading,  he  laid  his  foundations  deep 
in  the  common  law ;  grappled  as  well  as  he  might  with  the 
weary  subtleties  and  obsolete  technicalities  of  Coke- Little- 
ton, and  abstracted  and  translated  volumes  of  reports  from 
the  Norman  French  and  Latin.  A  few  years  of  practice 
follow  in  the  courts  of  New  Hampshire,  interrupted  by  his 
service  in  Congress  for  two  political  terms,  and  we  find  him 
at  the  bar  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States  at 
Washington,  inaugurating,  in  the  Dartmouth  College  case, 
what  may  be  called  a  new  school  of  constitutional  jurispru- 
dence. 

It  would  be  a  waste  of  time  to  speak  of  that  great  case, 
or  of  Mr.  Webster's  connection  with  it.  It  is  too  freshly 
remembered  in  our  tribunals.  So  novel  at  that  time  were 
the  principles  involved  in  it,  that  a  member  of  the  Court, 
after  a  cursory  inspection  of  the  record  in  the  case,  expressed 
the  opinion  that  little  of  importance  could  be  urged  in  behalf 
of  the  plaintiff  in  error ;  but  so  firm  is  the  basis  on  which,  in 
that  and  subsequent  cases  of  a  similar  character,  those  prin- 
ciples were  established,  that  they  form  one  of  the  best  settled, 
as  they  are  one  of  the  most  important,  portions  of  the  con- 
stitutional law  of  the  Union. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  207 

Not  less  important,  and,  at  the  time,  not  less  novel,  were 
the  principles  involved  in  the  celebrated  case  of  Gibbons  and 
Ogden.  This  case  grew  out  of  a  grant  by  the  State  of  New 
York  to  the  assignees  of  Fulton,  of  the  exclusive  right  to 
navigate  by  steam  the  rivers,  harbors,  and  bays  of  the  Em- 
pire State.  Twenty-five  years  afterwards,  Mr.  Justice 
Wayne  gave  to  Mr.  Webster  the  credit  of  having  laid  down 
the  broad  constitutional  ground,  on  which  the  navigable 
waters  of  the  United  States,  "  every  creek  and  river  and  lake 
and  bay  and  harbor  in  the  country,"  were  forever  rescued 
from  the  grasp  of  State  monopoly.  So  failed  the  intention 
of  the  Legislature  of  New  York  to  secure  a  rich  pecuniary 
reward  to  the  great  perfecter  of  steam  navigation ;  so  must 
have  failed  any  attempt  to  compensate  by  money  the  inesti- 
mable achievement.  Monopolies  could  not  reward  it;  silver 
and  gold  could  not  weigh  down  its  value.  Small  services 
are  paid  with  money  and  place ;  large  ones  with  fame.  Ful- 
ton had  his  reward,  when,  after  twenty  years  of  unsuccessful 
experiment  and  hope  deferred,  he  made  the  passage  to  Alba- 
ny by  steam;  as  Franklin  had  his  reward  when  he  saw  the 
fibres  of  the  cord  which  held  his  kite  stiffening  with  the  elec- 
tricity they  had  drawn  from  the  thunder-cloud  ;  as  Galileo 
had  his  when  he  pointed  his  little  tube  to  the  heavens  and 
discovered  the  Medicean  stars;  as  Columbus  had  his  when 
he  beheld  from  the  deck  of  his  vessel  a  moving  light  on  the 
shores  of  his  new-found  world.  That  one  glowing,  unutter- 
able thrill  of  conscious  success  is  too  exquisite  to  be  alloyed 
with  baser  metal.  The  midnight  vigils,  the  aching  eyes,  the 
fainting  hopes  turned  at  last  into  one  bewildering  ecstasy  of 
triumph,  cannot  be  repaid  with  gold.  The  great  discoveries, 
improvements,  and  inventions  which  benefit  mankind  can 
only  be  rewarded  by  opposition,  obloquy,  poverty,  and  an 
undying  name. 

Time  would  fail  me,  were  I  otherwise  equal  to  the  task,  to 
dwell  on  the  other  great  constitutional  cases  argued  by  Mr. 
Webster;  those  on  State  insolvent  laws,  the  Bank  of  the 
United  States,  the  Sailors'  Snug  Harbor,  the  Charlestown 
Bridge  Franchise,  or  those  other  great  cases  on  the  validity 


208  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

of  Mr.  Girard's  will,  in  which  Mr.  Webster's  argument  drew 
forth  an  emphatic  acknowledgment  from  the  citizens  of 
Washington,  of  all  denominations,  for  its  great  value  "  in 
demonstrating  the  vital  importance  of  Christianity  to  the 
success  of  our  free  institutions,  and  that  the  general  diffusion 
of  that  argument  among  the  people  of  the  United  States  is 
a  matter  of  deep  public  interest";  or  the  argument  of  the 
Rhode  Island  charter  case  in  1848,  which  attracted  no  little 
public  notice  in  Europe  at  that  anxious  period,  as  a  masterly 
discussion  of  the  true  principles  of  constitutional  obligation. 

It  would  be  superfluous,  I  might  almost  say  impertinent, 
to  remark,  that  if  Mr.  Webster  stood  at  the  head  of  the  con 
stitutional  lawyers  of  the  country,  he  was  not  less  distin- 
guished in  early  and  middle  life,  in  the  ordinary  walks  of  the 
profession.  From  a  very  early  period  he  shared  the  best 
practice  with  the  most  eminent  of  his  profession.  The  trial  of 
Goodridge  in  1817,  and  of  Knapp  in  1829,  are  still  recollected 
as  specimens  of  the  highest  professional  skill ;  the  latter,  in 
fact,  as  a  case  of  historical  importance  in  the  criminal  juris- 
prudence of  the  country. 

But  however  distinguished  his  reputation  in  the  other  de- 
partments of  his  profession,  his  fame  as  a  jurist  is  mainly 
associated  with  the  tribunals  of  the  United  States.  The 
relation  of  the  Federal  government  to  that  of  the  States  is 
peculiar  to  this  country,  and  gives  rise  to  a  class  of  cases  in 
the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States  to  which  there  is 
nothing  analogous  in  the  jurisprudence  of  England.  In  that 
country  nothing,  not  even  the  express  words  of  a  treaty,  can 
be  pleaded  against  an  act  of  Parliament.  The  Supreme 
Court  of  the  United  States  entertains  questions  which  in- 
volve the  constitutionality  of  the  laws  of  the  State  Legisla- 
tures, the  validity  of  the  decrees  of  State  courts,  nay,  of  the 
constitutionality  of  acts  of  Congress  itself.  Every  one  feels 
that  this  range  and  elevation  of  jurisdiction  must  tend  greatly 
to  the  respectability  of  practice  at  that  forum,  and  give  a 
breadth  and  liberality  to  the  tone  with  which  questions  are 
there  discussed,  not  so  much  to  be  looked  for  in  the  ordinary 
litigation  of  the  common  law.     No  one  needs  to  be  reminded 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  209 

how  fully  Mr.  Webster  felt,  and,  in  his  own  relations  to  it, 
sustained,  the  dignity  of  this  tribunal.  He  regarded  it  as  the 
great  mediating  power  of  the  Constitution.  He  believed 
that  while  it  commanded  the  confidence  of  the  country  no 
serious  derangement  of  any  of  the  other  great  functions  of 
the  government  was  to  be  apprehended ;  if  it  should  ever  fail 
to  do  so,  he  feared  the  worst.  For  the  memory  of  Marshall, 
the  great  and  honored  magistrate  who  presided  in  this  court 
for  the  third  part  of  a  century,  and  did  so  much  to  raise  its 
reputation  and  establish  its  influence,  he  cherished  feelings 
of  veneration  second  only  to  those  which  he  bore  to  the 
memory  of  Washington. 

In  his  political  career  Mr.  Webster  owed  almost  everything 
to  popular  choice  or  the  favor  of  the  Legislature  of  Massa- 
chusetts. He  was,  however,  twice  clothed  with  executive 
power,  as  the  head  of  an  Administration,  and  in  that  capacity 
achieved  a  diplomatic  success  of  the  highest  order.  Among 
the  victories  of  peace  not  less  renowned  than  those  of  war 
which  Milton  celebrates,  the  first  place  is  surely  due  to  those 
friendly  arrangements  between  great  powers  by  which  war 
is  averted.  Such  an  arrangement  was  effected  by  Mr.  Web- 
ster in  1842,  in  reference  to  more  than  one  highly  irritating 
question  between  this  country  and  Great  Britain,  and  espe- 
cially the  Northeastern  Boundary  of  the  United  States.  I 
allude  to  the  subject,  not  for  the  sake  of  reopening  obsolete 
controversies,  but  for  the  purpose  of  vindicating  his  memory 
from  the  charges  of  disingenuousness  and  even  fraud  which 
were  brought  against  him  at  the  time  in  England,  and  which 
have  very  lately  been  revived  in  that  country.  I  do  it  the 
rather  as  the  facts  of  the  case  have  never  been  fully  stated. 

The  Northeastern  Boundary  of  the  United  States,  which 
was  described  by  the  treaty  of  17S3,  had  never  been  surveyed 
and  run.  It  was  still  unsettled  in  1842,  and  had  become  the 
subject  of  a  controversy  which  had  resisted  the  ability  of 
several  successive  administrations,  on  both  sides  of  the  water, 
and  had  nearly  exhausted  the  resources  of  arbitration  and 
diplomacy.  Border  collisions,  though  happily  no  bloodshed, 
had  taken  place ;  seventeen  regiments  had  been  thrown  into 

VOL.   iv.  14 


210  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

the  British  Provinces ;  General  Scott  had  been  despatched 
to  the  frontier  of  Maine;  and  our  Minister  in  London  (Mr. 
Stevenson)  had  written  to  the  commander  of  the  American 
squadron  in  the  Mediterranean,  that  a  war,  in  his  opinion,  was 
inevitable. 

Such  was  the  state  of  things  when  Mr.  Webster  came  into 
the  Department  of  State  in  the  spring  of  1841.  He  imme- 
diately gave  an  intimation  to  the  British  government  that 
he  was  desirous  of  renewing  the  interrupted  negotiation.  A 
change  of  ministry  took  place  in  England  in  the  course  of  a 
few  months,  and  a  resolution  was  soon  taken  by  Sir  Robert 
Peel  and  Lord  Aberdeen,  to  send  a  special  envoy  to  the 
United  States,  to  make  a  last  attempt  to  settle  this  danger- 
ous dispute  by  negotiation.  Lord  Ashburton  was  selected  for 
this  honorable  errand,  and  his  known  friendly  relations  with  Mr. 
"Webster  were  among  the  motives  that  prompted  his  appoint- 
ment. It  may  be  observed  that  the  intrinsic  difficulties  of 
the  negotiation  were  increased  by  the  circumstance,  that,  as 
the  disputed  territory  lay  in  the  State  of  Maine,  and  the  prop- 
erty of  the  soil  was  in  Maine  and  Massachusetts,  it  was 
deemed  necessary  to  obtain  the  consent  of  those  States  to 
any  arrangement  that  might  be  entered  into  by  the  general 
government. 

The  length  of  time  for  which  the  question  had  been  con- 
troverted had,  as  usually  happens  in  such  cases,  had  the 
effect  of  fixing  both  parties  more  firmly  in  their  opposite 
views  of  the  subject.  It  was  a  pledge  at  least  of  the  good  faith 
with  which  the  United  States  had  conducted  the  discussion, 
that  everything  in  our  archives  bearing  on  the  subject  had 
been  voluntarily  spread  before  the  world.  On  the  other 
side,  no  part  of  the  correspondence  of  the  ministers  who 
negotiated  the  treaty  of  1783  had  ever  been  published,  and 
whenever  Americans  were  permitted  for  literary  purposes  to 
institute  historical  inquiries  in  the  public  offices  in  London, 
precautions  were  taken  to  prevent  anything  from  being  brought 
to  light  which  might  bear  unfavorably  on  the  British  inter- 
pretation of  the  treaty. 

The  American  interpretation  of  the  treaty  had  been  main- 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  211 

tained  in  its  fullest  extent,  as  far  as  I  am  aware,  by  every 
statesman  in  the  country,  of  whatever  party,  to  whom  the 
question  had  ever  been  submitted.  It  had  been  thus  main- 
tained in  good  faith  by  an  entire  generation  of  public  men 
of  the  highest  intelligence  and  most  unquestioned  probity. 
The  British  government  had,  with  equal  confidence,  main- 
tained their  interpretation.  The  attempt  to  settle  the  con- 
troversy by  a  reference  to  the  King  of  the  Netherlands  had 
failed.  In  this  state  of  things,  as  the  boundary  had  remained 
unsettled  for  fifty-nine  years,  and  had  been  controverted  for 
more  than  twenty;  as  negotiation  and  arbitration  had  shown 
that  neither  party  was  likely  to  convince  the  other ;  and  as 
in  cases  of  this  kind  it  is  more  important  that  a  public  con- 
troversy should  be  settled  than  how  it  should  be  settled  (of 
course  within  reasonable  limits),  Mr.  Webster  had  from  the 
first  contemplated  a  conventional  line.  Such  a  line,  and  for 
the  same  reasons,  was  anticipated  in  Lord  Ashburton's  in- 
structions, and  was  accordingly  agreed  upon  by  the  two  ne- 
gotiators,—  a  line  convenient  and  advantageous  to  both 
parties. 

Such  an  adjustment,  however,  like  that  which  had  been 
proposed  by  the  King  of  the  Netherlands,  was  extremely 
distasteful  to  the  people  of  Maine,  who,  standing  on  their 
rights,  adhered  with  the  greatest  tenacity  to  the  boundary 
described  by  the  treaty  of  1783,  as  the  United  States  had 
always  claimed  it.  As  the  opposition  of  Maine  had  pre- 
vented that  arrangement  from  taking  effect,  there  is  great 
reason  to  suppose  that  it  would  have  prevented  the  adoption 
of  the  conventional  line  agreed  to  by  Mr.  Webster  and  Lord 
Ashburton,  but  for  the  following  circumstance. 

This  was  the  discovery,  the  year  before,  by  President 
Sparks,  in  the  archives  of  the  Bureau  of  Foreign  Affairs,  at 
Paris,  of  a  copy  of  a  small  map  of  North  America,  by  D'An- 
ville,  published  in  1746.  On  this  map  a  red  line  was  drawn, 
which,  if  intended  as  a  boundary  between  the  United  States 
and  Great  Britain,  gave  to  the  latter  more  than  she  had  herself 
ever  claimed.  By  whom  it  was  marked,  or  for  what  purpose, 
did  not  appear  from  any  indication  on  the  map  itself.     There 


212  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

was  also  found  by  Mr.  Sparks,  in  the  Bureau  of  Foreign 
Affairs,  in  a  bound  volume  of  official  correspondence,  a  letter 
from  Dr.  Franklin  to  the  Count  de  Vergennes,  dated  on  the 
6th  of  December,  1782  (six  days  after  the  signature  of  the 
provisional  articles),  stating  that,  in  compliance  with  the 
Count's  request,  and  on  a  map  sent  him  for  the  purpose,  he 
had  marked,  "  with  a  strong  red  line,  the  limits  of  the  United 
States,  as  settled  in  the  preliminaries." 

The  French  archives  had  been  searched  by  Mr.  Canning's 
agents  as  long  ago  as  1827,  but  this  map  either  escaped  their 
notice  or  had  not  been  deemed  by  them  of  importance.  The 
English  and  French  maps  of  this  region  differ  from  each 
other,  and  it  is  known  that  the  map  used  by  the  negotiators 
of  the  treaty  of  1783  was  Mitchell's  large  map  of  America, 
published  under  the  official  sanction  of  the  Board  of  Trade  in 
1754.  D'Anville's  map  was  but  eighteen  inches  square;  and 
on  so  small  a  scale  the  difference  of  the  two  boundaries 
would  be  but  slight,  and  consequently  open  to  mistake.  The 
letter  of  the  Count  de  Vergennes,  transmitting  a  map  to  be 
marked,  is  not  preserved,  nor  is  there  any  indorsement  on  the 
red-line  map  to  show  that  it  is  the  map  sent  by  the  Count 
and  marked  by  Franklin.  D'Anville's  map  was  published 
in  1746,  and  it  would  surely  be  unwarrantable  to  take  for 
granted,  in  a  case  of  such  importance,  that,  in  the  course  of 
thirty  years,  it  could  not  have  been  marked  with  a  red  line 
for  some  other  purpose,  and  by  some  other  person.  It  would 
be  equally  rash  to  assume  as  certain,  either  that  the  map 
marked  by  Franklin  for  the  Count  de  Vergennes  was  depos- 
ited by  him  in  the  public  archives ;  or  that,  if  so  deposited, 
it  may  not  still  be  concealed  among  the  sixty  thousand  maps 
contained  in  that  depository.  In  the  absence  of  all  evidence 
to  connect  Dr.  Franklin's  letter  with  the  map,  it  could  not,  in 
a  court  of  justice,  have  been  received  for  a  moment  as  a  map 
marked  by  him ;  and  any  presumption  that  it  was  so  marked 
was  resisted  by  the  language  of  the  treaty.  This  point  was 
urged  in  debate,  with  great  force,  by  Lord  Brougham,  who, 
as  well  as  Sir  Robert  Peel,  liberally  defended  Mr.  Webster 
from  the  charges  which  the  opposition  journals  in  London 
had  brought  against  him. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  213 

Information  of  this  map  was,  in  the  progress  of  the  negotia- 
tion, very  properly  communicated  to  Mr.  Webster  by  Mr. 
Sparks.  For  the  reasons  stated,  it  could  not  be  admitted  as 
proving  anything.  It  was  another  piece  of  evidence  of  un- 
certain character,  and  Mr.  Webster  could  have  no  assurance 
that  the  next  day  might  not  produce  some  other  map  equally 
strong  or  stronger  on  the  American  side ;  which,  as  I  shall 
presently  state,  was  soon  done  in  London. 

In  this  state  of  things,  he  made  the  only  use  of  it  which 
could  be  legitimately  made,  in  communicating  it  to  the  com- 
missioners of  the  State  of  Maine  and  Massachusetts,  and  to 
the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  as  a  piece  of  conflicting 
evidence  entitled  to  consideration,  likely  to  be  urged  as  of 
great  importance,  as  it  was  derived  from  a  source  open  to  the 
other  party,  if  the  discussion  should  be  renewed ;  increasing 
the  difficulties  which  already  surrounded  the  question,  and  thus 
furnishing  new  grounds  for  agreeing  to  the  proposed  conven- 
tional line.  No  one,  I  think,  acquainted  with  the  history  of 
the  controversy,  and  the  state  of  public  opinion  and  feeling, 
can  doubt  that,  but  for  this  communication,  it  would  have 
been  difficult,  if  not  impossible,  to  procure  the  assent  either 
of  Maine  or  of  the  Senate  to  the  treaty. 

This  would  seem  to  be  going  as  far  as  reason  or  honor 
required,  in  reference  to  an  unauthenticated  document,  hav- 
ing none  of  the  properties  of  legal  evidence,  not  exhibited  by 
the  opposite  party,  though  drawn  from  a  public  source  equal- 
ly open  to  them,  and  of  a  nature  to  be  outweighed  by  con- 
tradictory evidence  of  the  same  kind,  which  was  very  soon 
done.  But  Mr.  Webster  was  at  the  time  severely  censured 
by  the  opposition  press  in  England,  and  was  accused  of 
"  perfidy  and  want  of  good  faith,"  for  not  going  with  this 
map  to  Lord  Ashburton ;  entirely  abandoning  the  American 
claim,  and  ceding  the  whole  of  the  disputed  territory,  more 
even  than  she  asked,  to  Great  Britain,  on  the  strength  of  this 
single  piece  of  doubtful  evidence.  His  neglect  to  do  so  has 
been  lately  brought  forward,  not  merely  by  the  daily  English 
journals  hostile  to  this  country,  but  by  the  able  writers  in  the 
Edinburgh  and  Quarterly  Reviews,  as  insulting  and  offen- 
sive to  England. 


214  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

Such  a  charge  scarcely  deserves  an  answer ;  but  two  things 
will  occur  to  all  impartial  persons,  —  one,  that  the  red-line 
map,  even  had  it  been  proved  to  have  been  marked  by  Frank- 
lin (which  it  is  not),  would  be  but  one  piece  of  evidence,  to 
be  weighed  with  the  words  of  the  treaty,  with  all  the  other 
evidence  in  the  case,  and  especially  with  the  other  maps  ; 
and,  secondly,  that  such  a  course,  as  it  is  pretended  that 
Mr.  Webster  ought  to  have  pursued,  could  only  be  rea- 
sonably required  of  him,  on  condition  that  the  British  gov- 
ernment had  also  produced,  or  would  undertake  to  produce, 
all  the  evidence,  and  especially  all  the  maps  in  its  possession, 
favorable  to  the  American  claim. 

Now,  not  to  urge  against  the  red-line  map,  that,  as  was 
vigorously  urged  by  Lord  Brougham,  it  was  at  variance  with 
the  express  words  of  the  treaty,  there  were,  according  to  Mr. 
Gallatin,  the  commissioner  for  preparing  the  claim  of  the 
United  States,  to  be  submitted  to  the  arbiter  in  1827  at  least 
twelve  maps,  published  in  London,  in  the  course  of  two 
years  after  the  signature  of  the  provisional  articles  in  1782, 
all  of  which  gave  the  boundary  line  precisely  as  claimed  by 
the  United  States  ;  and  no  map  was  published  in  London 
favoring  the  British  claim,  till  the  third  year.  The  earliest 
of  these  twelve  maps  were  prepared  to  illustrate  the  debates 
in  Parliament  on  the  treaty,  or  to  illustrate  the  treaty  in 
anticipation  of  the  debate.  None  of  the  speakers  on  either 
side  intimated  that  these  maps  are  inaccurate,  though  some 
of  the  opposition  speakers  attacked  the  treaty  as  giving  a 
disadvantageous  boundary.  One  of  these  maps,  that  of 
Faden,  the  royal  geographer,  was  stated  on  the  face  of  it  to 
be  "  drawn  according  to  the  treaty."  Mr.  Sparks  is  of  opin- 
ion that  Mr.  Oswald,  the  British  envoy  by  whom  the  treaty 
was  negotiated,  and  who  was  in  London  when  the  earliest 
of  the  maps  were  engraved,  was  consulted  by  the  map- 
makers  on  the  subject  of  the  boundary.  At  any  rate,  had 
they  been  inaccurate  in  this  respect,  either  Mr.  Oswald  or 
the  minister,  "who  was  vehemently  assailed  on  account  of 
the  large  concession  of  the  boundaries,"  would  have  exposed 
the  error.     But  neither  by   Mr.  Oswald  nor  by  any  of  the 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  215 

ministers  was  any  complaint  made  of  the  inaccuracy  of  the 
maps. 

One  of  these  maps  was  that  contained  in  "  Bew's  Political 
Magazine,"  a  respectable  journal,  for  which  it  was  prepared, 
to  illustrate  the  debate  on  the  provisional  articles  of  1782. 
It  happened  that  Lord  Ashburton  was  calling  upon  me, 
about  the  time  of  the  debate  in  the  House  of  Commons  on 
the  merits  of  the  treaty,  on  the  21st  of  March,  1843.  On  my 
expressing  to  him  the  opinion,  with  the  freedom  warranted 
by  our  intimate  friendly  relations,  that  his  government  ought 
to  be  much  obliged  to  him  for  obtaining  so  much  of  a  terri- 
tory, of  which  I  conscientiously  believed  the  whole  belonged 
to  us,  "  What,"  asked  he,  "  have  you  to  oppose  to  the  red- 
line  map?"  I  replied  that,  in  addition  to  the  other  objections 
already  mentioned,  I  considered  it  to  be  outweighed  by  the 
numerous  other  maps  which  were  published  at  London  at 
the  time,  some  of  them  to  illustrate  the  treaty ;  and,  among 
them,  I  added,  "  the  map  in  the  volume  which  happens  to  lie 
on  my  table  at  this  moment,"  which  was  the  volume  of 
"  Bew's  Political  Magazine,"  to  which  I  called  his  attention. 
He  told  me  that  he  was  unacquainted  with  that  map,  and 
desired  that  I  would  lend  him  the  volume,  to  show  to  Sir 
Robert  Peel.  This  I  did,  and  in  his  reply  to  Lord  Palmerston, 
in  the  House  of  Commons,  Sir  Robert  Peel,  holding  this  vol- 
ume of  mine  in  his  hand,  referred  to  the  map  contained  in  it 
(and  "  which  follows,"  said  he,  "exactly  the  American  line"), 
as  an  offset  to  the  red-line  map,  of  which  great  use  had  been 
made  by  the  opposition  in  England,  for  the  purpose  of  show- 
ing that  Lord  Ashburton  had  been  overreached  by  Mr.  Web- 
ster. In  the  course  of  his  speech,  he  defended  Mr.  Webster, 
in  the  handsomest  manner,  from  the  charges  brought  against 
him  in  reference  to  this  map  by  the  opposition  press,  and 
said  that,  in  his  judgment,  "  the  reflections  cast  upon  that 
most  worthy  and  honorable  man  are  unjust." 

Nor  was  this  all.  The  more  effectually  to  remove  the  im- 
pression attempted  to  be  raised,  in  consequence  of  the  red- 
line  map,  that  Lord  Ashburton  had  been  overreached,  Sir 
Robert  Peel   stated,  —  and  the  disclosure  was  now  for  the 


216  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

first  time  made,  —  that  there  was,  in  the  library  of  King 
George  the  Third  (which  had  been  given  to  the  British  Mu- 
seum by  George  the  Fourth),  a  copy  of  Mitchell's  map,  in 
which  the  boundary  as  delineated  "  follows  exactly  the  line 
claimed  by  the  United  States."  On  four  places  upon  this 
line  are  written  the  words,  in  a  strong,  bold  hand,  "  The 
boundary  as  described  by  Mr.  Oswald."  There  is  documen- 
tary proof  that  Mr.  Oswald  sent  the  map  used  by  him  in 
negotiating  the  treaty  to  King  George  the  Third,  for  his  in- 
formation ;  and  Lord  Brougham  stated  in  his  place,  in  the 
House  of  Peers,  that  the  words,  four  times  repeated  in  differ- 
ent parts  of  the  line,  were,  in  his  opinion,  written  by  the  king 
himself!  Having  listened,  and  of  course  with  the  deepest 
interest,  to  the  debate  in  the  House  of  Commons,  I  sought 
the  earliest  opportunity  of  inspecting  the  map,  which  was 
readily  granted  to  me  by  Lord  Aberdeen.  The  boundary  is 
marked  in  the  most  distinct  and  skilful  manner,  from  the  St. 
Croix  all  round  to  the  St.  Mary's,  and  is  precisely  that  which 
has  been  always  claimed  by  us.  There  is  not  the  slightest 
doubt  that  this  is  the  identical  copy  of  Mitchell's  map  offi- 
cially used  by  the  negotiators,  and  sent  by  Mr.  Oswald,  as 
we  learn  from  Dr.  Franklin,  to  England.  Sir  Robert  Peel 
informed  me  that  it  was  unknown  to  him  till  after  the  treaty; 
and  Lord  Aberdeen  and  Lord  Ashburton  gave  me  the  same 
assurance.  It  was  well  known,  however,  to  the  agent  em- 
ployed under  Lord  Melbourne's  administration  in  maintain- 
ing the  British  claim,  and  who  was  foremost  in  vilifying  Mr. 
Webster  for  concealing  the  red-line  map !  * 

I  had  intended  to  say  a  few  words  on   Mr.  Webster's  tran- 

*  Sir  Robert  Peel,  with  reference  to  the  line  on  Oswald's  map,  observes : 
"  I  do  not  say  that  that  was  the  boundary  ultimately  settled  by  the  nego- 
tiators." Such,  however,  is  certainly  the  case.  Mr.  Jay's  copy  of  Mitchell's 
map  (which  was  also  discovered  after  the  negotiation  of  the  treaty)  ex- 
hibits a  line  running  down  the  St.  John's  to  its  mouth,  and  called  "  Mr. 
Oswald's  line."  This  is  the  line  which  Mr.  Oswald  offered  to  the  American 
negotiators  on  the  8th  of  October.  It  was,  however,  not  approved  by  the 
British  government,  and  the  line  indicated  in  the  map  of  King  George  the 
Third  as  the  "  boundary  as  described  by  Mr.  Oswald,"  was  finally  agreed 
to. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  217 

scendent  ability  as  a  public  speaker  on  the  great  national 
anniversaries,  and  the  patriotic  celebrations  of  the  country. 
But  it  would  be  impossible,  within  the  limits  of  a  few  para- 
graphs, to  do  any  kind  of  justice  to  such  efforts  as  the  dis- 
course on  the  22d  December,  at  Plymouth ;  the  speeches 
on  the  laying  the  corner-stone,  and  the  completion  of  the 
Bunker  Hill  Monument ;  the  eulogy  on  Adams  and  Jeffer- 
son ;  the  character  of  Washington  ;  the  discourse  on  laying 
the  foundation  of  the  extension  of  the  Capitol.  What  gravity 
and  significance  in  the  topics,  what  richness  of  illustra- 
tion, what  soundness  of  principle,  what  elevation  of  senti- 
ment, what  fervor  in  the  patriotic  appeals,  what  purity,  vigor, 
and  clearness  in  the  style  ! 

With  reference  to  the  first-named  of  these  admirable  dis- 
courses, the  elder  President  Adams  declared  that  "  Burke  is 
no  longer  entitled  to  the  praise  —  the  most  consummate 
orator  of  modern  times."  And  it  will,  I  think,  be  admitted 
by  any  one  who  shall  attentively  study  them,  that  if  Mr. 
Webster,  with  all  his  powers  and  all  his  attainments,  had 
done  nothing  else  but  eniach  the  literature  of  the  country 
with  these  performances,  he  would  be  allowed  to  have  lived 
not  unworthily  nor  in  vain.  When  we  consider  that  they 
were  produced  under  the  severe  pressure  of  professional  and 
official  engagements,  numerous  and  arduous  enough  to  task 
even  his  intellect,  we  are  lost  in  admiration  of  the  affluence 
of  his  mental  resources. 

In  all  the  speeches,  arguments,  discourses,  and  composi- 
tions of  every  kind  proceeding  from  Mr.  Webster's  lips  or 
pen,  there  were  certain  general  characteristics  which  I  am 
unwilling  to  dismiss  without  a  passing  allusion.  Each  of 
course  had  its  peculiar  merits,  according  to  the  nature  and 
importance  of  the  subject,  and  the  care  bestowed  by  Mr. 
Webster  on  the  discussion  ;  but  I  find  some  general  qualities 
pervading  them  all.  One  of  them  is  the  extreme  sobriety  of 
the  tone,  the  pervading  common  sense,  the  entire  absence  of 
that  extravagance  and  over-statement  which  are  so  apt  to 
creep  into  political  harangues  and  discourses  on  patriotic  an- 
niversaries.    His  positions  are  taken  strongly,  clearly,  and 


218  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

bold]y,  but  without  wordy  'amplification  or  one-sided  vehe- 
mence. You  feel  that  your  understanding  is  addressed,  on 
behalf  of  a  reasonable  proposition,  which  rests  neither  on 
sentimental  refinement  nor  rhetorical  exaggeration.  This  is 
the  case  even  in  speeches  like  that  on  the  Greek  Revolution, 
where,  in  enlisting  the  aid  of  classical  memories  and  Christian 
sympathies,  it  was  so  difficult  to  rest  within  the  bounds  of 
moderation. 

This  moderation  not  only  characterizes  Mr.  Webster's  par- 
liamentary efforts,  but  is  equally  conspicuous  in  his  discourses 
on  popular  and  patriotic  occasions,  which,  amidst  all  the  in- 
ducements to  barren  declamation,  are  equally  and  always 
marked  by  the  treatment  of  really  important  topics,  in  a 
manly  and  instructive  strain  of  argument  and  reflection. 

Let  it  not  be  thought,  however,  that  I  would  represent  Mr. 
Webster's  speeches  in  Congress  or  elsewhere  as  destitute,  on 
proper  occasions,  of  the  most  glowing  appeals  to  the  moral 
sentiments,  or  wanting,  when  the  topic  invites  it,  in  any  of 
the  adornments  of  a  magnificent  rhetoric.  Who  that  heard 
it,  or  has  read  it,  will  ever  forget  ihe  desolating  energy  of  his 
denunciation  of  the  African  slave-trade,  in  the  discourse  at 
Plymouth  ;  or  the  splendor  of  the  apostrophe  to  Warren,  in 
the  first  discourse  on  Bunker  Hill ;  or  that  to  the  monumental 
shaft  and  the  survivors  of  the  Revolution  in  the  second ;  or 
the  trumpet-tones  of  the  speech  placed  in  the  lips  of  John 
Adams,  in  the  eulogy  on  Adams  and  Jefferson ;  or  the  sub- 
lime peroration  of  the  speech  on  Foote's  resolution ;  or  the 
lyric  fire  of  the  imagery  by  which  he  illustrates  the  extent  of 
the  British  empire  ;  or  the  almost  supernatural  terror  of  his 
description  of  the  force  of  conscience  in  the  argument  in 
Knapp's  trial  ?  Then,  how  bright  and  fresh  the  description 
of  Niagara  !  how  beautiful  the  picture  of  the  Morning,  in  his 
private  correspondence,  which,  as  well  as  his  familiar  conver- 
sation, were  enlivened  by  the  perpetual  play  of  a  joyous  and 
fertile  imagination  !  In  a  word,  what  tone  in  all  the  grand  and 
melting  music  of  our  language  is  there  which  is  not  heard 
in  some  portion  of  his  speeches  or  writings ;  while  reason, 
sense,  and  truth  compose  the  basis  of  the  strain?     Like  the 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  219 

sky  above  us,  it  is  sometimes  serene  and  cloudless,  and  peace 
and  love  shine  out  from  its  starry  depths.  At  other  times 
the  gallant  streamers,  in  wild,  fantastic  play,  —  emerald,  and 
rose,  and  orange,  and  fleecy  white,  —  shoot  upward  from  the 
horizon,  mingle  in  a  fiery  canopy  at  the  zenith,  and  throw 
out  their  flickering  curtains  over  the  heavens  and  the  earth;* 
while  at  other  times  the  mustering  tempest  piles  his  lowering 
battlements  on  the  sides  of  the  north,  a  furious  storm-wind 
rushes  forth  from  their  blazing  loop-holes,  and  volleyed  thun- 
ders give  the  signal  of  the  elemental  war! 

Another  quality,  which  appears  to  me  to  be  very  conspicu- 
ous in  all  Mr.  Webster's  speeches,  is  the  fairness  and  candor 
with  which  he  treats  the  argument  of  his  opponent,  and  the 
total  absence  of  offensive  personality.  He  was  accustomed, 
in  preparing  to  argue  a  question  at  the  bar,  or  to  debate  it 
in  the  Senate,  first  to  state  his  opponent's  case  or  argument 
in  his  own  mind,  with  as  much  force  and  skill  as  if  it  were 
his  own  view  of  the  subject,  not  deeming  it  worthy  of  a 
statesman  discussing  the  great  issues  of  the  public  weal,  to 
assail  and  prostrate  a  man  of  straw,  and  call  it  a  victory 
over  his  antagonist.  True  to  his  party  associations,  there 
was  the  least  possible  mingling  of  the  partisan  in  his  par- 
liamentary efforts.  No  one,  I  think,  ever  truly  said  of  him, 
that  he  had  either  misrepresented  or  failed  to  grapple  fairly 
with  the  argument  which  he  undertook  to  confute.  That 
he  possessed  the  power  of  invective  in  the  highest  degree  is 
well  known,  from  the  display  of  it  on  a  few  occasions,  when 
great  provocation  justified  and  required  it ;  but  he  habitually 
abstained  from  offensive  personality,  regarding  it  as  an  indi- 
cation always  of  a  bad  temper,  and  generally  of  a  weak 
cause. 

I  notice,  lastly,  a  sort  of  judicial  dignity  in  Mr.  Webster's 
mode  of  treating  public  questions,  which  may  be  ascribed  to 
the  high  degree  in  which  he  united,  in  the  range  of  his  studies 
and  the  habits  of  his  life,  the  jurist  with  the  statesman. 
There  were  occasions,  and  those  not  a  few,  when,  but  for  the 

*  Alluding  to  auroral  displays  throughout  the  summer  aud  autumn  of 
1859,  of  peculiar  splendor. 


220  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

locality  from  which  he  spoke,  you  might  have  been  at  a  loss, 
whether  you  were  listening  to  the  accomplished  senator  un- 
folding the  principles  of  the  Constitution  as  a  system  of  gov- 
ernment, or  the  consummate  jurist  applying  its  legislative 
provisions  to  the  practical  interests  of  life.  In  the  Dartmouth 
College  case,  and  that  of  Gibbons  and  Ogden,  the  dryness 
of  a  professional  argument  is  forgotten  in  the  breadth  and 
elevation  of  the  constitutional  principles  shown  to  be  involved 
in  the  issue  ;  while  in  the  great  speeches  on  the  interpretation 
of  the  Constitution,  a  severe  judicial  logic  darts  its  sunbeams 
into  the  deepest  recesses  of  a  written  compact  of  govern- 
ment, intended  to  work  out  an  harmonious  adjustment  of 
the  antagonistic  principles  of  Federal  and  State  sovereignty. 
None,  I  think,  but  a  great  statesman  could  have  performed 
Mr.  Webster's  part  before  the  highest  tribunals  of  the  land ; 
none  but  a  great  lawyer  could  have  sustained  himself  as  he 
did  on  the  floor  of  the  Senate.  In  fact,  he  rose  to  that  eleva- 
tion at  which  the  law,  in  its  highest  conception,  and  in  its 
versatile  functions  and  agencies,  as  the  great  mediator  be- 
tween the  state  and  individual ;  the  shield  by  which  the 
weakness  of  the  single  man  is  protected  from  the  violence 
and  craft  of  his  fellows,  and  clothed  for  the  defence  of  his 
rights  with  the  mighty  power  of  the  mass ;  which  watches, 
faithful  guardian,  over  the  life  and  property  of  the  orphan 
in  the  cradle ;  spreads  the  aegis  of  the  public  peace  alike 
over  the  crowded  streets  of  great  cities  and  the  solitary  path- 
ways of  the  wilderness  ;  which  convoys  the  merchant  and 
his  cargo  in  safety  to  and  from  the  ends  of  the  earth ;  pre- 
scribes the  gentle  humanities  of  civilization  to  contending 
armies  ;  sits  serene  umpire  of  the  clashing  interests  of  con- 
federated States,  and  moulds  them  all  into  one  grand  Union  ; 
—  I  say  Mr.  Webster  rose  to  an  elevation  at  which  all  these 
attributes  and  functions  of  universal  law, — in  action  alter- 
nately executive,  legislative,  and  judicial ;  in  form  successively 
constitution,  statute,  and  decree,  —  are  mingled  into  one  har- 
monious, protecting,  strengthening,  vitalizing,  sublime  system  ; 
brightest  image  on  earth  of  that  ineffable  Sovereign  Energy, 
which,  with  mingled  power,  wisdom,  and  love,  upholds  and 
governs  the  universe. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  221 

Led  equally  by  his  professional  occupations  and  his  polit- 
ical duties  to  make  the  Constitution  the  object  of  his  pro- 
foundest  study  and  meditation,  he  regarded  it  with  peculiar 
reverence,  as  a  Covenant  of  Union  between  the  members  of 
this  great  and  increasing  family  of  States ;  and  in  that  respect 
he  considered  it  as  the  most  important  document  ever  penned 
by  the  hand  of  uninspired  man.  I  need  not  tell  you  that 
this  reverence  for  the  Constitution  as  the  covenant  of  union 
between  the  States  was  the  central  idea  of  his  political  sys- 
tem, which,  however,  in  this,  as  in  all  other  respects,  aimed 
at  a  wise  and  safe  balance  of  extreme  opinions.  He  valued, 
as  much  as  any  man  can  possibly  value  it,  the  principle  of 
State  sovereignty.  He  looked  upon  the  organization  of  these 
separate  independent  republics,  of  different  sizes,  different 
ages  and  histories,  different  geographical  positions,  and  local 
interests,  as  furnishing  a  security  of  inappreciable  value  for 
a  wise  and  beneficent  administration  of  local  affairs,  and  the 
protection  of  individual  and  local  rights.  But  he  regarded 
as  an  approach  to  the  perfection  of  political  wisdom  the 
moulding  of  these  separate  and  independent  sovereignties, 
with  all  their  pride  of  individual  right  and  all  their  jealousy 
of  individual  consequence,  into  a  well-compacted  whole.  He 
never  weighed  the  two  principles  against  each  other ;  he  held 
them  complemental  to  each  other,  equally  and  supremely 
vital  and  essential. 

I  happened,  one  bright  starry  night,  to  be  walking  home 
with  him  at  a  late  hour  from  the  Capitol  at  Washington, 
after  a  skirmishing  debate,  in  which  he  had  been  speaking,  at 
no  great  length,  but  with  much  earnestness  and  warmth,  on 
the  subject  of  the  Constitution  as  forming  a  united  govern- 
ment. The  planet  Jupiter,  shining  with  unusual  brilliancy, 
was  in  full  view.  He  paused  as  we  descended  Capitol  Hill, 
and,  unconsciously  pursuing  the  train  of  thought  which  he 
had  been  enforcing  in  the  Senate,  pointed  to  the  planet  and 
said  :  "  '  Night  unto  night  showeth  knowledge  ' ;  take  away 
the  independent  force,  emanating  from  the  hand  of  the  Su- 
preme, which  impels  that  planet  onward,  and  it  would  plunge 
in  hideous  ruin  from  those  beautiful  skies  into  the  sun  ;  take 


222  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

away  the  central  attraction  of  the  sun,  and  the  attendant 
planet  would  shoot  madly  from  its  sphere  ;  urged  and  re- 
strained by  the  balanced  forces,  it  wheels  its  eternal  circles 
through  the  heavens." 

His  reverence  for  the  Constitution  led  him  to  meditate  a 
work  in  which  the  history  of  its  formation  and  adoption 
should  be  traced,  its  principles  unfolded  and  explained,  its 
analogies  with  other  governments  investigated,  its  expansive 
fitness  to  promote  the  prosperity  of  the  country  for  ages  yet 
to  come  developed  and  maintained.  His  thoughts  had  long 
flowed  in  this  channel.  The  subject  was  not  only  the  one 
on  which  he  had  bestowed  his  most  earnest  parliamentary 
efforts,  but  it  formed  the  point  of  reference  of  much  of  his 
historical  and  miscellaneous  reading.  He  was  anxious  to 
learn  what  the  experience  of  mankind  taught  on  the  subject, 
of  governments  in  any  degree  resembling  our  own.  As  our 
fathers,  in  forming  the  Confederation,  and  still  more  the 
members  of  the  Convention  which  framed  the  Constitution, 
and  especially  Washington,  studied  with  diligence  the  organ- 
ization of  all  the  former  compacts  of  government,  —  those 
of  the  Netherlands,  of  Switzerland,  and  ancient  Greece,  —  so 
Mr.  Webster  directed  special  attention  to  all  the  former 
leagues  and  confederacies  of  modern  and  ancient  times,  for 
lessons  and  analogies  of  encouragement  and  warning  to  his 
countrymen.  He  dwelt  much  on  the  Amphictyonic  league 
of  Greece,  one  of  the  confederacies  to  which  the  framers  of 
the  Constitution  often  referred,  and  which  is  frequently  spoken 
of  as  a  species  of  federal  government.  Unhappily  for  Greece, 
it  had  little  claim  to  that  character.  Founded  originally  on 
a  confraternity  of  religious  rites,  it  was  expanded  in  the  lapse 
of  time  into  a  loose  political  association,  but  was  destitute 
of  all  the  powers  of  an  organized  efficient  government.  On 
this  subject  Mr.  Webster  found  a  remark  in  Grote's  History 
of  Greece,  which  struck  him  as  being  of  extreme  significance 
to  the  people  of  the  United  States.  "  Occasionally,"  says 
Grote,  "  there  was  a  partial  pretence  for  the  imposing  title 
bestowed  upon  the  Amphictyonic  league  by  Cicero,  '  Com- 
mune Graecise  Concilium,'    but  we  should  completely  mis- 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  223 

interpret  Grecian  history  if  we  regarded  it  as  a  federal  council 
habitually  directing  or  habitually  obeyed."  "  And  now," 
said  Mr.  Webster,  "  comes  a  passage  which  ought  to  be  writ- 
ten in  gold  over  the  door  of  the  Capitol  and  of  every  State 
Legislature  :  '  Had  there  existed  any  such  "  Commune  Con- 
cilium "  of  tolerable  wisdom  and  patriotism,  and  had  the 
tendencies  of  the  Hellenic  mind  been  capable  of  adapting 
themselves  to  it,  the  whole  course  of  later  Grecian  history 
would  probably  have  been  altered;  the  Macedonian  kings 
would  have  remained  only  as  respectable  neighbors,  borrow- 
ing their  civilization  from  Greece,  and  exercising  their  mil- 
itary energies  upon  Thracians  and  Illyrians;  while  united 
Hellas  might  have  maintained  her  own  territory  against  the 
conquering  legions  of  Rome.'  "  *  A  wise  and  patriotic  fed- 
eral government  would  have  preserved  Greece  from  the  Mace- 
donian phalanx  and  the  Roman  legions ! 

Professional  and  official  labors  engrossed  Mr.  Webster's 
time,  and  left  him  no  leisure  for  the  execution  of  his  medi- 
tated work  on  the  Constitution,  —  a  theme  which,  as  he  would 
have  treated  it,  tracing  it  back  to  its  historical  fountains,  and 
forward  to  its  prophetical  issues,  seems  to  me,  in  the  wide 
range  of  its  topics,  to  embrace  higher  and  richer  elements 
of  thought  for  the  American  statesman  and  patriot  than 
any  other  not  directly  connected  with  the  spiritual  welfare 
of  man. 

What  else  is  there,  in  the  material  system  of  the  world, 
so  wonderful  as  this  concealment  of  the  Western  Hem- 
isphere for  ages  behind  the  mighty  veil  of  waters?  How 
could  such  a  secret  be  kept  from  the  foundation  of  the  world 
till  the  end  of  the  fifteenth  century  ?  What  so  astonishing 
as  the  concurrence,  within  less  than  a  century,  of  the  inven- 
tion of  printing,  the  demonstration  of  the  true  system  of  the 
heavens,  and  this  great  world-discovery  ?  What  so  myste- 
rious as  the  dissociation  of  the  native  tribes  of  this  continent 
from  the  civilized  and  civilizable  races  of  men  ?  What  so 
remarkable,  in  political  history,  as  the  operation  of  the  influ- 
ences, now  in  conflict,  now  in  harmony,  under  which  the 
*  Grote's  History  of  Greece,  Vol.  II.  p.  336. 


224  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

various  nations  of  the  Old  World  sent  their  children  to  occu- 
py the  New :  great  populations  silently  stealing  into  exist- 
ence ;  the  wilderness  of  one  century  swarming  in  the  next 
with  millions,  —  ascending  the  streams,  crossing  the  moun- 
tains, struggling  with  a  wild,  hard  nature,  with  savage  foes, 
with  rival  settlements  of  foreign  powers,  but  ever  onward, 
onward  ?  What  so  propitious  as  this  long  colonial  training 
in  the  school  of  chartered  government?  And  then,  when 
the  fulness  of  time  had  come,  what  so  majestic,  amidst  all 
its  vicissitudes  and  all  its  trials,  as  the  Grand  Separation,  — 
mutually  beneficial,  in  its  final  results,  to  both  parties,  —  the 
dread  appeal  to  arms,  the  venerable  Continental  Congress, 
the  august  Declaration,  the  strange  alliance  of  the  oldest 
monarchy  of  Europe  with  the  infant  Republic  ?  And,  lastly, 
what  so  worthy  the  admiration  of  men  and  angels,  as  the 
appearance  of  him  the  expected,  him  the  hero,  raised  up  to 
conduct  the  momentous  conflict  to  its  auspicious  issue  in  the 
Confederation,  the  Union,  the  Constitution  ? 

Is  this  a  theme  not  unworthy  of  the  pen  and  the  mind  of 
Webster  ?  Then  consider  the  growth  of  the  country,  thus 
politically  ushered  into  existence  and  organized  under  that 
Constitution,  as  delineated  in  his  address  on  the  laying  the 
corner-stone  of  the  extension  of  the  Capitol,  —  the  thirteen 
Colonies  that  accomplished  the  Revolution  multiplied  to  thirty- 
three  independent  States,  a  single  one  of  them  exceeding  in 
population  the  old  thirteen  ;  the  narrow  border  of  settlement 
along  the  coast,  fenced  in  by  France  and  the  native  tribes, 
expanded  to  the  dimensions  of  the  continent;  Louisiana, 
Florida,  Texas,  New  Mexico,  California,  Oregon,  —  territories 
equal  to  the  great  monarchies  of  Europe,  —  added  to  the 
Union ;  and  the  two  millions  of  population  which  warmed 
the  imagination  of  Burke  swelled  to  twenty-four  millions, 
during  the  lifetime  of  Mr.  Webster,  and  in  seven  short  years, 
which  have  since  elapsed,  increased  to  thirty! 

With  these  stupendous  results  in  his  own  time  as  the  unit 
of  calculation  ;  beholding  under  Providence  with  each  decade 
of  vears  a  new  people,  millions  strong,  emigrants  in  part 
from  the  Old  World,  but  mainly  bone  of  our  bone  and  flesh 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  225 

of  our  flesh,  the  children  of  the  soil,  growing  up  to  inhabit 
the  waste  places  of  the  continent,  to  inherit  and  transmit  the 
rights  and  blessings  which  we  have  received  from  our  fathers ; 
recognizing  in  the  Constitution  and  in  the  Union  established 
by  it  the  creative  influence  which,  as  far  as  human  agencies 
go,  has  wrought  these  miracles  of  growth  and  progress,  and 
which  wraps  up  in  sacred  reserve  the  expansive  energy  with 
which  the  work  is  to  be  carried  on  and  perfected,  —  he  looked 
forward  with  patriotic  aspiration  to  the  time  when  beneath  its 
aegis  the  whole  wealth  of  our  civilization  would  be  poured  out, 
not  only  to  fill  up  the  broad  interstices  of  settlement,  if  I 
may  so  express  myself,  in  the  old  thirteen  and  their  young 
and  thriving  sister  States,  already  organized  in  the  West,  but 
in  the  lapse  of  time  to  found  a  hundred  new  republics  in  the 
valley  of  the  Missouri  and  beyond  the  Rocky  Mountains,  till 
our  letters  and  our  arts,  our  schools  and  our  churches,  our 
laws  and  our  liberties,  shall  be  carried  from  the  Arctic  circle 
to  the  tropics,  "  from  the  rising  of  the  sun  to  the  going  down 
thereof." 

This  prophetic  glance,  not  merely  at  the  impending  but 
the  distant  future,  this  reliance  on  the  fulfilment  of  the  great 
design  of  Providence,  illustrated  through  our  whole  history, 
to  lavish  upon  the  people  of  this  country  the  accumulated 
blessings  of  all  former  stages  of  human  progress,  made  him 
more  tolerant  of  the  tardy  and  irregular  advances  and  tem- 
porary wanderings  from  the  path  of  what  he  deemed  a  wise 
and  sound  policy,  than  those  fervid  spirits,  who  dwell  exclu- 
sively in  the  present,  and  make  less  allowance  for  the  gradual 
operation  of  moral  influences.  This  was  the  case  in  refer- 
ence to  the  great  sectional  controversy  which  now  so  sharply 
divides  and  so  violently  agitates  the  country.  He  not  only 
confidently  anticipated,  what  the  lapse  of  seven  years  since 
his  decease  has  witnessed  and  is  witnessing,  that  the  newly 
acquired  and  the  newly  organized  Territories  of  the  Union 
would  grow  up  into  free  States  ;  but,  in  common  with  all,  or 
nearly  all,  the  statesmen  of  the  last  generation,  he  believed 
that  free  labor  would  ultimately  prevail  throughout  the  coun- 
try.    He  thought  he  saw  that,  in  the  operation  of  the  same 

VOL.  iv.  15 


226  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

causes  which  have  produced  this  result  in  the  Middle  and 
Eastern  States,  it  was  visibly  taking  place  in  the  States  north 
of  the  cotton-growing  region  ;  and  he  inclined  to  the  opinion 
that  there  also,  under  the  influence  of  physical  and  econom- 
ical causes,  free  labor  would  eventually  be  found  most  pro- 
ductive, and  would,  therefore,  be  ultimately  established. 

For  these  reasons,  bearing  in  mind  what  all  admit,  that 
the  complete  solution  of  the  mighty  problem  which  now  so 
greatly  tasks  the  prudence  and  patriotism  of  the  wisest  and 
best  in  the  land,  is  beyond  the  delegated  powers  of  the  gen- 
eral government ;  that  it  depends,  as  far  as  the  States  are 
concerned,  on  their  independent  legislation,  and  that  it  is,  of 
all  others,  a  subject  in  reference  to  which  public  opinion  and 
public  sentiment  will  most  powerfully  influence  the  law ;  that 
much  in  the  lapse  of  time,  without  law,  is  likely  to  be  brought 
about  by  degrees,  and  gradually  done  and  permitted,  as  in 
Missouri  at  the  present  day,  while  nothing  is  to  be  hoped 
from  external  interference,  whether  of  exhortation  or  rebuke ; 
that  in  all  human  affairs  controlled  by  self-governing  commu- 
nities, extreme  opinions  and  extreme  courses,  on  the  one 
hand,  generally  lead  to  extreme  opinions  and  extreme  courses 
on  the  other ;  and  that  nothing  will  more  contribute  to  the 
earliest  practicable  relief  of  the  country  from  this  most  pro- 
lific source  of  conflict  and  estrangement,  than  to  prevent  its 
being  introduced  into  our  party  organizations,  —  he  depre- 
cated its  being  allowed  to  find  a  place  among  the  political 
issues  of  the  day,  North  or  South ;  and,  seeking  a  platform  on 
which  honest  and  patriotic  men  might  meet  and  stand,  he 
thought  he  had  found  it,  where  our  fathers  did,  in  the  Con- 
stitution. 

It  is  true,  that  in  interpreting  the  fundamental  law  on  this 
subject,  a  diversity  of  opinion  between  the  two  sections  of 
the  Union  presents  itself.  This  has  ever  been  the  case,  first 
or  last,  in  relation  to  every  great  question  that  has  divided 
the  country.  It  is  the  unfailing  incident  of  constitutions, 
written  or  unwritten ;  an  evil  to  be  dealt  with  in  good 
faith,  by  prudent  and  enlightened  men  in  both  sections  of 
the  Union,  seeking,  as  Washington  sought,  the  public  good, 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  227 

v* 

and  giving  expression  to  the  patriotic  common  sense  of  the 
people. 

Such,  I  have  reason  to  believe,  were  the  principles  enter- 
tained by  Mr.  Webster;  not  certainly  those  best  calculated 
to  win  a  temporary  popularity  in  any  part  of  the  Union,  in 
times  of  passionate  sectional  agitation,  which,  between  the 
extremes  of  opinion,  leaves  no  middle  ground  for  moderate 
counsels.  If  any  one  could  have  found  and  could  have  trod- 
den such  ground  with  success,  he  would  seem  to  have  been 
qualified  to  do  it,  by  his  transcendent  talent,  his  mature  ex- 
perience, his  approved  temper  and  calmness,  and  his  tried 
patriotism.  If  he  failed  of  finding  such  a  path  for  himself 
or  the  country,  while  we  thoughtfully  await  what  time  and 
an  all-wise  Providence  has  in  store  for  ourselves  and  our 
children,  let  us  remember  that  his  attempt  was  the  highest 
and  the  purest  which  can  engage  the  thoughts  of  a  statesman 
and  a  patriot,  —  peace  on  earth,  good-will  toward  men ;  har- 
mony and  brotherly  love  among  the  children  of  our  common 
country. 

And  O  my  friends!  if  among  those,  who,  differing  from 
him  on  this  or  any  other  subject,  have  yet,  with  generous  for- 
getfulness  of  that  which  separated  you,  and  kindly  remem- 
brance of  all  you  held  in  common,  come  up  this  day  to  do 
honor  to  his  memory,  there  are  any  who  suppose  that  he  cher- 
ished less  tenderly  than  yourselves  the  great  ideas  of  Liberty, 
Humanity,  and  Brotherhood ;  that  because  he  was  faithful  to 
the  duties  which  he  inferred  from  the  Constitution  and  the 
Law,  to  which  he  looked  for  the  government  of  civil  society, 
he  was  less  sensible  than  yourselves  to  the  broader  relations 
and  deeper  sympathies  which  unite  us  to  our  fellow-creatures, 
as  brethren  of  one  family,  and  children  of  one  Heavenly 
Father,  —  believe  me,  you  do  his  memory  a  grievous  wrong. 

This  is  not  the  occasion  to  dwell  upon  the  personal  char- 
acter of  Mr.  Webster,  on  the  fascination  of  his  social  inter- 
course, or  the  charm  of  his  domestic  life.  Something  I  could 
have  said  on  his  companionable  disposition  and  habits,  his 
genial  temper,  the  resources  and  attractions  of  his  conversa- 
tion, his  love  of  Nature,  alike  in  her  wild  and    cultivated 


228  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

aspects,  and  his  keen  perception  of  the  beauties  of  this  fair 
world  in  which  we  live ;  something  of  his  devotion  to  agri- 
cultural pursuits,  which,  next  to  his  professional  and  public 
duties,  formed  the  occupation  of  his  life ;  something  of  his 
fondness  for  athletic  and  manly  sports  and  exercises  ;  some- 
thing of  his  friendships,  and  of  his  attachments  closer  than 
friendships,  —  the  son,  the  brother,  the  husband,  and  the 
father ;  something  of  the  joys  and  sorrows  of  his  home ;  of 
the  strength  of  his  religious  convictions,  his  testimony  to  the 
truth  of  the  Christian  revelation  ;  the  tenderness  and  sublim- 
ity of  the  parting  scene; — something  on  these  topics  I  have 
elsewhere  said,  and  may  not  here  repeat. 

Some  other  things,  my  friends,  with  your  indulgence,  stand- 
ing here  to  perform  this  last  office  to  his  memory,  I  would 
say ;  thoughts,  memories,  which  crowd  upon  me,  too  vivid  to 
be  repressed,  too  personal  almost  to  be  uttered. 

On  the  17th  of  July,  1804,  a  young  man  from  New  Hamp- 
shire arrived  in  Boston,  all  but  penniless,  and  all  but  friend- 
less. He  was  twenty-two  years  of  age,  and  had  come  to 
take  the  first  steps  in  the  career  of  life  at  the  capital  of  New 
England.  Three  days  after  arriving  in  Boston,  he  presented 
himself,  without  letters  of  recommendation,  to  Mr.  Christopher 
Gore,  then  just  returned  from  England,  after  an  official  res- 
idence of  some  years,  and  solicited  a  place  in  his  office  as  a 
clerk.  His  only  introduction  was  by  a  young  man  as  little 
known  to  Mr.  Gore  as  himself,  and  who  went  to  pronounce 
his  name,  which  he  did  so  indistinctly  as  not  to  be  heard. 
His  slender  figure,  striking  countenance,  large  dark  eye,  and 
massy  brow,  his  general  appearance  indicating  a  delicate  or- 
ganization,* his  manly  carriage,  and  modest  demeanor  ar- 
rested attention  and  inspired  confidence.  His  humble  suit 
was  granted,  he  was  received  into  the  office,  and  had  been 
there  a  week  before  Mr.  Gore  learned  that  his  name  was 
Daniel  Webster  !  His  older  brother,  —  older  in  years,  but 
later  in  entering  life  (for  whose  education  Daniel,  while 
teacher  of  the  Academy  at  Fryeburg,  had  drudged  till  mid- 

*  Description  by  Mrs.  Eliza  Buckininster  Lee,  "  Webster's  Private  Corre- 
spondence," Vol.  I.  p.  438. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  229 

night  in  the  office  of  the  Register  of  Deeds),  —  at  that  time 
taught  a  small  school  in  Short  Street  (now  Kingston  Street), 
in  Boston ;  and  while  he  was  in  attendance  at  the  commence- 
ment at  Dartmouth,  in  1S04,  to  receive  his  degree,  Daniel  sup- 
plied his  place.  At  that  school,  at  the  age  of  ten,  I  was  then 
a  pupil,  and  there  commenced  a  friendship  which  lasted, 
without  interruption  or  chill,  while  his  life  lasted ;  of  which, 
while  mine  lasts,  the  grateful  recollection  will  never  perish. 
From  that  time  forward,  I  knew,  and  as  I  knew,  I  respected, 
I  honored,  I  loved  him.  I  saw  him  at  all  seasons  and  on  all 
occasions,  in  the  flush  of  public  triumph,  in  the  intimacy  of 
the  fireside,  in  the  most  unreserved  interchange  of  personal 
confidence;  in  health  and  in  sickness,  in  sorrow  and  in  joy; 
when  early  honors  began  to  wreathe  his  brow,  and  in  after 
life  through  most  of  the  important  scenes  of  his  public  career. 
I  saw  him  on  occasions  that  show  the  manly  strength,  and, 
what  is  better,  the  manly  weakness,  of  the  human  heart; 
and  I  declare  this  day,  in  the  presence  of  Heaven  and  of 
men,  that  I  never  heard  from  him  the  expression  of  a  wish 
unbecoming  a  good  citizen  and  a  patriot,  —  the  utterance, 
of  a  word  unworthy  a  gentleman  and  a  Christian;  that  I 
never  knew  a  more  generous  spirit,  a  safer  adviser,  a  warmer 
friend. 

Do  you  ask  me  if  he  had  faults  ?  I  answer,  he  was  a  man. 
Do  you  again  ask  me  the  question  ?  Look  in  your  own 
breast,  and  get  the  answer  there.  Do  you  still  insist  on 
explicit  information  ?  Let  me  give  it  to  you,  my  immaculate 
friend,  in  the  words  which  were  spoken  eighteen  hundred 
years  ago  to  certain  who  trusted  in  themselves  that  they 
were  righteous  and  despised  others  :  — 

"  Two  men  went  up  into  the  temple  to  pray ;  the  one  a  Pharisee 
and  the  other  a  publican. 

"The  Pharisee  stood  and  prayed  thus  with  himself:  God,  I  thank 
thee  that  I  am  not  as  other  men  are,  extortioners,  unjust,  adulterers, 
or  even  as  this  publican. 

"  I  fast  twice  in  the  week,  I  give  tithes  of  all  that  I  possess. 

"  And  the  publican,  standing  afar  off,  would  not  lift  up  so  much  as  his 
eyes  unto  heaven,  but  smote  upon  his  breast,  saying,  God  be  merciful 
to  me  a  sinner. 


230  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

"  I  tell  you,  This  man  went  down  to  his  house  justified  rather  than 
the  other." 

Yes,  he  had  some  of  the  faults  of  a  lofty  spirit,  a  genial 
temperament,  an  open  hand,  and  a  warm  heart ;  he  had  none 
of  the  faults  of  a  grovelling,  mean,  and  malignant  nature. 
He  had  especially  the  "  last  infirmity  of  noble  minds,"  and  had 
no  doubt  raised  an  aspiring  eye  to  the  highest  object  of  politi- 
cal ambition.  But  he  did  it  in  the  honest  pride  of  a  capacity 
equal  to  the  station,  and  with  a  consciousness  that  he  should 
reflect  back  the  honor  which  it  conferred.  He  might  say, 
with  Burke,  that  "  he  had  no  arts  but  honest  arts  " ;  and  if 
he  sought  the  highest  honors  of  the  state,  he  did  it  by  unsur- 
passed talent,  laborious  service,  and  patriotic  devotion  to  the 
public  good. 

It  was  not  given  to  him,  any  more  than  to  the  other  mem- 
bers of  the  great  triumvirate  with  whom  his  name  is  habit- 
ually associated,  to  attain  the  object  of  their  ambition ;  but 
posterity  will  do  them  justice,  and  begins  already  to  discharge 
the  debt  of  respect  and  gratitude.  A  noble  mausoleum  in 
honor  of  Clay,  and  his  statue  by  Hart,  are  in  progress ;  the 
statue  of  Calhoun,  by  Powers,  adorns  the  Court-House  in 
Charleston,  and  a  magnificent  monument  to  his  memory  is 
in  preparation  ;  and  we  present  you  this  day,  fellow-citizens, 
the  statue  of  Webster,  in  enduring  bronze,  on  a  pedestal  of 
granite  from  his  native  State,  the  noble  countenance  mod- 
elled from  life,  at  the  meridian  of  his  days  and  his  fame,  and 
to  his  own  satisfaction,  and  his  person  reproduced,  from  faith- 
ful recollection,  by  the  oldest  and  most  distinguished  of  the 
living  artists  of  the  country.  He  sleeps  by  the  multitudinous 
ocean,  which  he  himself  so  much  resembled,  in  its  mighty 
movement  and  its  mighty  repose ;  but  his  monumental  form 
shall  henceforward  stand  sentry  at  the  portals  of  the  Capi- 
tol, the  right  hand  pointing  to  that  symbol  of  the  Union 
on  which  the  left  reposes,  and  his  imperial  gaze  directed,  with 
the  hopes  of  the  country,  to  the  boundless  West.  In  a  few 
short  years,  we,  whose  eyes  have  rested  on  his  majestic  per- 
son, whose  ears  have  drunk  in  the  music  of  his  clarion  voice, 
shall  have  gone  to  our  rest ;  but  our  children,  for  ages  to 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  231 

come,  as  they  dwell  with  awe-struck  gaze  upon  the  monu- 
mental bronze,  shall  say,  O  that  we  could  have  seen,  O 
that  we  could  have  heard,  the  great  original! 

Two  hundred  and  twenty-nine  years  ago,  this  day,  our 
beloved  city  received  from  the  General  Court  of  the  Colony 
the  honored  name  of  Boston.  On  the  long  roll  of  those 
whom  she  has  welcomed  to  her  nurturing  bosom  is  there  a 
name  which  shines  with  a  brighter  lustre  than  his  ?  Seventy- 
two  years  ago,  this  day,  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States 
was  tendered  to  the  acceptance  of  the  people  by  George 
Washington.  Who  of  all  the  gifted  and  patriotic  of  the  land, 
that  have  adorned  the  interval,  has  done  more  to  unfold  its 
principles,  maintain  its  purity,  and  to  promote  its  duration  ? 

Here,  then,  beneath  the  walls  of  the  Capitol  of  old  Massa- 
chusetts ;  here,  within  the  sight  of  those  fair  New  England 
villages  ;  here,  in  the  near  vicinity  of  the  graves  of  those  who 
planted  the  germs  of  all  this  palmy  growth  ;  here,  within  the 
sound  of  sacred  bells ;  here,  in  the  presence  of  this  vast  mul- 
titude, —  we  raise  this  monument,  with  loving  hearts,  to  the 
Statesman,  the  Patriot,  the  Fellow- Citizen,  the  Neighbor,  the 
Friend.  Long  may  it  guard  the  approach  to  our  halls  of 
council !  long  may  it  look  out  upon  a  prosperous,  a  happy, 
and  a  united  country !  and  if  days  of  trial  and  disaster 
should  come,  and  the  arm  of  flesh  should  fail,  doubt  not  that 
the  monumental  form  would  descend  from  its  pedestal,  to 
stand  in  the  front  rank  of  the  peril,  and  the  bronze  lips  re- 
peat the  cry  of  the  living  voice,  —  "  Liberty  and  Union,  now 
and  forever,  one  and  inseparable." 


REPETITION   OF  THE   FOREGOING  EULOGY. 

On  motion  of  Hon.  E.  G.  Parker,  in  the  Senate  of  Massachusetts,  the  fol- 
lowing order  was  adopted,  with  a  single  dissenting  voice,  —  that  of  Mr.  Bran- 
ning  of  Berkshire,  — inviting  a  repetition,  in  the  presence  of  the  two  houses, 
of  the  foregoing  eulogy. 


232  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

Commonwealth  of  Massachusetts. 

State-Hocse,  Senate  Chamber,  ) 
Boston,  September  19,  1859.       ) 

Ordered,  That  the  President  of  the  Senate  and  the  Speaker  of  the  House 
of  Representatives  be  requested,  in  behalf  of  the  Legislature,  to  invite  the 
Honorable  Edward  Everett  to  deliver  his  oration  on  the  inauguration  of  the 
statue  of  Daniel  Webster,  before  the  Legislature  of  the  Commonwealth,  in 
the  grounds  of  the  Capitol,  on  Wednesday  next,  at  3  o'clock  p.  m.,  or  at 
such  time  as  may  suit  his  convenience. 
Sent  down  for  concurrence. 

House  of  Representatives,  September  19,  1859. 
Concurred. 

WILLIAM  STOWE,  Clerk. 

To  this  invitation  the  following  answer  was  returned  by  Mr.  Everett :  — 

Boston,  September  19,  1859. 
Hon.  C.  A.  Phelps,  President  of  the  Senate,  and  Hon.  Charles 
Hale,  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Representatives. 
Gentlemen  :  —  I  have  received  the  copy  of  a  Resolution  passed  this 
day,  by  the  two  houses  in  concurrence,  requesting  me,  through  their  presid- 
ing officers,  to  deliver  before  the  Legislature,  in  the  Capitol  grounds,  my 
oration  on  the  inauguration  of  the  statue  of  Daniel  Webster. 

It  will  afford  me  great  pleasure  to  comply  with  the  wishes  of  the  Legisla- 
ture, on  Thursday  next,  at  3  o'clock,  P.  M.,  and  I  beg  leave,  through  you, 
to  express  to  them  my  grateful  sense  of  the  honor  done  me  by  their  invita- 
tion. 

I  remain,  gentlemen,  with  the  highest  respect,  truly  yours, 

EDWARD  EVERETT. 

The  weather  proved  unfavorable  on  the  day  first  appointed,  and  on  sev- 
eral successive  days.  At  length,  on  Tuesday,  the  27th,  in  a  remarkably 
propitious  state  of  the  weather,  and  in  the  presence  of  an  immense  multi- 
tude, the  repetition  took  place.  The  members  of  the  Executive  and  Legis- 
lature having  been  seated  on  the  spacious  platform  erected  in  front  of  the 
principal  entrance  of  the  State-House,  Mr.  Everett  was  introduced  by  the 
Committee  of  Arrangements,  and  by  their  chairman,  Hon.  E.  G.  Parker,  of 
the  Senate,  presented  to  the  presiding  officer  of  that  body,  Hon.  C.  A. 
Phelps,  in  the  following  terms  :  — 

Mr.  President  :  — 

As  chairman  of  the  Committee  of  Arrangements,  I  have  to  introduce  to 
you  the  orator  of  this  occasion.  He  has  been  invited  by  the  Legislature  to 
deliver  his  address  inaugurating  the  statue  of  Daniel  Webster  before  them. 
He  is  here,  prepared  to  address  you.  I  need  not  introduce  him  to  you  ;  I 
have  but  to  name  the  Hon.  Edward  Everett. 


DANIEL    WEBSTER.  233 

Mr.  Everett  was  then  introduced  to  the  members  of  the  two  houses  by 
Hon.  C.  A.  Phelps,  President  of  the  Senate,  in  the  following  brief  ad- 
dress :  — 

Gentlemen  of  the  Senate  and  House  op  Representatives  :  — 

The  two  branches  of  the  Legislature  have  assembled,  in  conformity  with  a 
vote  passed  on  the  19th  instant,  to  listen  to  an  oration  on  the  inauguration 
of  the  statue  of  Daniel  Webster. 

No  official  action  of  ours  was  necessary  to  perpetuate  the  fame  of  Web- 
ster. But  our  predecessors  of  a  former  generation  invoked  the  eloquence 
of  Adams  to  give  utterance  to  their  then  recent  sorrow  on  the  death  of  the 
beloved  and  illustrious  Washington,  and  those  of  a  more  recent  day  invited 
our  distinguished  fellow-citizen,  who  is  about  to  address  us,  to  speak  to 
them  of  the  life  and  character  of  John  Quincy  Adams. 

In  obedience  to  this  high  example,  it  has  seemed  eminently  fit  and  proper 
that  to-day,  in  the  portals  of  the  Capitol,  we  should  honor  the  memory  of 
one  whose  name  and  fame  must  be  forever  associated  with  the  historic  glories 
of  our  beloved  Commonwealth.  I  have  now  the  pleasure  of  presenting  to 
you  the  Hon.  Edward  Everett. 

To  this  address  Mr.  Everett  replied  in  the  following  manner :  — 

Mr.  President,  Gentlemen  op  the  Senate  and  of  the  House  of 
Representatives : — 
In  rising  to  repeat,  in  your  presence  and  at  your  request,  the  discourse 
prepared  for  the  dedication  of  the  statue  of  Daniel  Webster,  my  first  duty 
is  one  of  grateful  acknowledgment.  I  deem  it  a  very  distinguished  honor 
to  have  received  an  invitation  of  this  kind  and  for  the  second  time.  When, 
eleven  years  ago,  one  of  the  most  illustrious  of  the  native  sons  of  Massa- 
chusetts, John  Quincy  Adams,  was,  in  the  Capitol  at  Washington,  stricken 
down  by  the  last  enemy,  before  whom  he  quailed  as  little  as  he  ever  did 
before  the  face  of  human  adversary,  I  was  unanimously  requested,  by  the 
two  houses,  to  speak  to  them  on  the  melancholy  occasion,  in  Faneuil  Hall. 
You  have  now  called  upon  me,  under  unusual  circumstances,  demanding 
my  warmest  thanks,  to  repeat  the  eulogy  lately  delivered  by  me  on  the  most 
distinguished  of  the  adopted  sons  of  Massachusetts,  under  the  auspices  of 
her  Legislature ;  on  such  a  rostrum  as  speaker  never  trod  before  ;  in  the 
presence  of  this  magnificent  audience ;  and  beneath  the  arch  of  these  favor- 
ing heavens.  I  stand  before  you  almost  subdued  by  the  grandeur  of  the 
scene.  Deeply  penetrated  with  a  sense  of  my  inability  to  do  full  justice  to 
either  of  these  occasions,  I  may  yet  account  it  a  very  signal  honor  and  hap- 
piness of  my  life,  that,  having  enjoyed  to  the  last  the  friendship  of  each  of 
these  great  men,  and  having  acted  in  harmony  with  them  on  many  impor- 
tant public  occasions,  I  have  been  permitted,  by  the  repeated  call  of  the 
Legislature  of    Massachusetts,  to    pay   the  last    funeral  and    monumental 


234  DANIEL    WEBSTER. 

honors  to  their  memory,  and  to  connect  my  humble  name  with  theirs,  in 
these  public  services  of  respectful  and  grateful  commemoration. 

Mr.  Everett  then  repeated  the  address  as  delivered  in  the  Music  Hall  on 
the  1 7th  instant.  On  both  occasions,  about  one  half  of  the  eulogy  as  pub- 
lished in  the  "  Saturday  Evening  Gazette  "  of  the  1 7th  instant  was  necessari- 
ly omitted,  on  account  of  its  length.  On  the  occasion  of  the  repetition  in  the 
Public  Grounds,  the  entire  passage  on  Mr.  Webster  as  a  Diplomatist  was 
also  for  the  same  reason  omitted.  The  manuscript  having  been  in  the 
printer's  hands  a  week  before  its  delivery,  a  few  passages  of  the  eulogy,  as 
spoken,  are  wanting  in  the  newspaper  editions.  They  are  found  in  their 
places,  in  the  preceding  pages. 

Commonwealth  of  Massachusetts. 

In  Senate,  October  8,  1859. 
Ordered,  That  the  thanks  of  the  Legislature  be  tendered  to  the  Hon. 
Edward  Everett  for  his  Address,  dedicating  the  statue  of  Daniel  Webster, 
delivered  before  them,  on  the  27th  of  September,  in  compliance  with  their 
request. 

Sent  down  for  concurrence.  S.  N.  GIFFORD,  Clerk. 

House  of  Representatives,  October  18,  1859. 
Concurred. 

WILLIAM  STOWE,  Clerk. 


UNION  MEETING  IN   FANEUIL  HALL* 


Mr.  Chairman  and  Fellow-Citizens:  — 

As  I  rise  to  address  you,  on  this  important  occasion,  in- 
dulge me  in  a  few  words  of  personal  explanation.  I 
did  not  suppose  that  anything  could  occur  which  would 
make  me  think  it  my  duty  to  appear  again  on  this  plat- 
form, on  any  occasion  of  a  political  character  ;  and  had 
this  meeting  been  of  a  party  nature  or  designed  to  pro- 
mote any  party  purposes,  I  should  not  have  been  here.  When 
compelled  by  the  prostration  of  my  health,  five  years  ago,  to 
resign  the  distinguished  place  which  I  then  filled  in  the  pub- 
lic service,  it  was  with  no  expectation,  no  wish,  and  no  in- 
tention of  ever  again  mingling  in  the  scenes  of  public  life.  I 
have  accordingly,  with  the  partial  restoration  of  my  health, 
abstained  from  all  participation  in  political  action  of  any 
kind ;  partly  because  I  have  found  a  more  congenial,  and,  as 
I  venture  to  think,  a  more  useful  occupation  in  seeking  to  rally 
the  affections  of  my  countrymen,  North  and  South,  to  that 
great  name  and  precious  memory  which  is  left  almost  alone 
of  all  the  numerous  kindly  associations  which  once  bound 
the  different  sections  of  the  country  together;  and  also  be- 
cause, between  the  extremes  of  opinion  that  have  long  dis- 
tracted and  now  threaten  to  convulse  the  country,  I  find  no 
middle  ground  of  practical  usefulness  on  which  a  friend  of 
moderate  counsels  can  stand.  I  think  I  do  a  little  good,  —  I 
try  to,  —  in  my  waning  years,  in  augmenting  the  funds  of 
the  charitable  institutions,  —  commemorating  from  time  to 
time  the   honored  dead  and  the  great   events  of  past   days, 

*  Remarks  at  the  meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall,  held  on  Thursday,  December 
8,  1859,  to  take  notice  of  the  recent  tragic  events  at  Harper's  Ferry,  Va. 


236  UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL. 

and  chiefly  in  my  humble  efforts  to  rescue  from  desecration 
and  the  vicissitudes  of  private  property  the  home  and  the 
grave  of  Washington.  These,  sir,  seem  to  me  to  be  inno- 
cent and  appropriate  occupations  for  the  decline  of  life.  I 
am  more  than  contented  with  the  favor  with  which  these  my 
humble  labors  are  regarded  by  the  great  majority  of  my 
countrymen ;  and  knowing  by  experience  how  unsatisfying 
in  the  enjoyment  are  the  brightest  prizes  of  political  ambi- 
tion, I  gladly  resign  the  pursuit  of  them  to  younger  men. 

Sir,  the  North  and  the  South,  including  the  Northwest  and 
Southwest,  have  become  fiercely,  bitterly  arrayed  against 
each  other.  There  is  no  place  left  in  public  life  for  those 
who  love  them  both.  The  war  of  words  —  of  the  press,  of 
the  platform,  of  the  State  Legislatures,  and,  must  I  add,  the 
pulpit?  —  has  been  pushed  to  a  point  of  exasperation,  which, 
on  the  slightest  untoward  accident,  may  rush  to  the  bloody 
arbitrament  of  the  sword.  The  great  ancient  master  of  polit- 
ical science  (Aristotle)  tells  us,  that  though  revolutions  do  not 
take  place  for  small  causes,  they  do  from  small  causes.  He 
means,  sir,  that  when  the  minds  of  the  community  have  be- 
come hopelessly  imbittered  and  exasperated  by  long-con- 
tinued irritation,  the  slightest  occurrence  will  bring  on  a 
convulsion. 

In  fact,  it  seems  to  me,  that  we  have  reached  a  state  of 
things  which  requires  all  good  men  and  good  patriots  to  forego, 
for  a  time,  mere  party  projects  and  calculations,  and  to  aban- 
don all  ordinary  political  issues ;  which  calls,  in  a  word,  upon 
all  who  love  the  country  and  cherish  the  Union,  and  desire 
the  continuance  of  those  blessings  which  we  have  till  lately 
enjoyed  under  the  Constitution  transmitted  to  us  by  our 
fathers,  —  and  which  I  regard  as  the  noblest  work  of  polit- 
ical wisdom  ever  achieved,  —  to  meet  as  one  man  and  take 
counsel  for  its  preservation.  It  is  this  feeling  that  has  brought 
me  here  to-day. 

It  will  probably  be  said,  sir,  that  those  who  entertain  views 
like  these  exaggerate  the  gravity  of  the  crisis.  I  wish  I  could 
think  so.  But  I  fear  it  is  not  we  who  exaggerate,  but  those 
who  differ  from  us,  that  greatly  —  and  soon,  I  fear  it  will  be, 


UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL.  237 

fatally  — underrate  the  ominous  signs  of  the  times.  I  fear,  sir, 
that  they  are  greatly  misled  by  the  one-sided  views  presented 
by  the  party  press,  and  those  who  rely  upon  the  party  press 
exclusively  for  their  impressions,  and  that  they  are  danger- 
ously ignorant  of  the  state  of  opinion  and  feeling  in  the 
other  great  section  of  the  country.  I  greatly  fear  that  the 
mass  of  the  community  in  this  quarter,  long  accustomed  to 
treat  all  alarm  for  the  stability  of  the  Union  as  groundless, 
and  all  professed  anxiety  for  its  preservation  as  insincere,  or 
if  sincere,  the  result  of  nervous  timidity,  have  unfitted  them- 
selves to  measure  the  extent  and  the  urgency  of  the  existing 
danger.  It  is  my  own  deliberate  conviction,  formed  from 
some  opportunities  of  personal  observation,  and  from  friendly 
correspondence  with  other  parts  of  the  country  (though  I 
carry  on  none  of  a  political  nature),  that  we  are  on  the  very 
verge  of  a  convulsion,  which  will  shake  the  Union  to  its 
foundation  ;  and  that  a  few  more  steps  forward,  in  the  direc- 
tion in  which  affairs  have  moved  for  a  few  years  past,  will 
bring  us  to  the  catastrophe. 

I  have  heard  it  urged  on  former  occasions  of  public  alarm, 
that  it  must  be  groundless,  because  business  goes  on  as  usual, 
and  the  theatres  are  open,  and  stocks  keep  up.  Sir,  these 
appearances  may  all  be  delusive.  The  great  social  machine 
moves  with  a  momentum  that  cannot  be  suddenly  stopped. 
The  ordinary  operations  of  business  went  on  in  France,  in 
the  Revolution  of  1789,  till  the  annihilation  of  the  circulating 
medium  put  a  stop  to  everything  that  required  its  use.  The 
theatres  and  all  the  other  places  of  public  amusement  were 
crowded  to  madness  in  the  reign  of  terror.  The  French 
stocks  never  stood  better  than  they  did  in  Paris  on  the  21st 
of  February,  1848.  On  the  24th  of  that  month  Louis  Phi- 
lippe was  flying  in  disguise  from  his  capital ;  the  Tuileries 
were  sacked,  and  the  oldest  monarchy  in  Europe  had  ceased 
to  exist. 

I  hold  it  to  be  time,  then,  sir,  as  I  have  said,  for  good  men 
and  good  patriots,  casting  aside  all  mere  party  considerations, 
and  postponing  at  least  all  ordinary  political  issues,  to  pause; 
to    look    steadily   in  the    face    the    condition    of   things    to 


238  UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL. 

which  we  are  approaching ;  and  to  ask  their  own  consciences, 
whether  they  can  do  nothing  or  say  nothing  to  avert  the  cri- 
sis, and  bring  about  a  happier  and  a  better  state  of  things. 
I  do  not  ask  them  to  search  the  past  for  topics  of  reproach 
or  recrimination  on  men  or  parties.  We  have  had  enough 
of  that,  and  it  has  contributed  materially  to  bring  about  our 
present  perilous  condition.  In  all  countries  where  speech  and 
the  press  are  free,  especially  those  countries  which  by  control- 
ling natural  causes  fall  into  two  great  sections,  each  possess- 
ing independent  local  legislatures  and  centres  of  political  opin- 
ion and  influence,  there  will,  in  the  lapse  of  time,  unavoida- 
bly be  action  and  reaction  of  word  and  deed.  Violence  of 
speech  or  of  act,  on  the  one  side,  will  unavoidably  produce 
violence  of  speech  and  act  on  the  other.  Each  new  griev- 
ance is  alternately  cause  and  effect ;  and  if,  before  resorting 
to  healing  counsels,  we  are  determined  to  run  over  the  dreary 
catalogue,  to  see  who  was  earliest  or  who  has  been  most  to 
blame,  we  engage  in  a  controversy  in  which  there  is  no  arbi- 
ter, and  of  which  there  can  be  no  solution. 

But  without  reviving  the  angry  or  sorrowful  memories  of 
the  past,  let  me,  in  all  friendliness,  ask  the  question,  What 
has  either  section  to  gain  by  a  dissolution  of  the  Union,  with 
reference  to  that  terrible  question  which  threatens  to  destroy 
it?  I  ask  patriotic  men  in  both  sections  to  run  over  in  their 
minds  the  causes  of  complaint  which  they  have,  or  think  they 
have,  in  the  existing  state  of  things,  and  then  ask  themselves 
dispassionately  whether  anything  is  to  be  gained,  anything 
to  be  hoped,  by  pushing  the  present  alienation  to  that  fatal 
bourne,  from  which,  as  from  death,  there  is  no  return  ?  Will 
the  South  gain  any  greater  stability  for  her  social  system,  — 
any  larger  entrance  into  the  vacant  public  territories  ?  Will 
the  North  have  effected  any  one  object,  which  by  men  of  any 
shade  of  opinion,  extreme  or  moderate,  is  deemed  desirable  ? 
on  the  contrary,  will  not  every  evil  she  desires  to  remedy  be 
confirmed  and  aggravated  ?  If  this  view  of  the  subject  be 
correct,  what  can  be  more  unwise,  what  more  suicidal,  than 
to  allow  these  deplorable  dissensions  to  result  in  a  Rev- 
olution, which  will  leave  the  two  great  sections  of  the  coun- 


UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL.  239 

try  in  a  worse  condition  than  it  finds  them,  with  reference  to 
the  very  objects  for  which  they  allow  themselves  to  be  im- 
pelled to  the  dreadful  consummation  ? 

But  I  shall  be  told,  perhaps,  that  all  this  is  imaginary ;  that 
the  alarm  at  the  South  is  factitious,  or  rather  a  ground- 
less panic,  for  which  there  is  no  substantial  cause,  —  fit  sub- 
ject for  ridicule  rather  than  serious  anxiety.  But  I  see  no 
signs  of  panic  in  Virginia,  except  for  a  few  hours  at  Harper's 
Ferry,  where,  in  the  confusion  of  the  first  surprise,  and  in 
profound  ignorance  of  the  extent  of  the  danger,  the  commu- 
nity was  for  a  short  time  paralyzed.  I  am  not  sure  that  a  town 
of  four  or  five  hundred  families  in  this  region,  invaded  at 
midnight  by  a  resolute  band  of  twenty  men,  entering  the 
houses  of  influential  citizens,  and  hurrying  them  from  their 
beds  to  a  stronghold  previously  occupied,  and  there  holding 
them  as  hostages,  —  I  am  not  sure,  sir,  that  an  equal  panic 
would  not  be  created  till  the  extent  of  the  danger  was  meas- 
ured. Besides,  sir,  if  the  panic  had  been  much  more  exten- 
sive than  it  was,  the  panics  of  great  and  brave  communities 
are  no  trifles.  Burke  said  he  could  not  frame  an  indictment 
against  a  whole  people ;  it  seems  to  me  equally  in  bad  taste 
at  least  to  try  to  point  a  sneer  at  a  State  like  Virginia.  The 
French  are  reputed  a  gallant  and  warlike  people ;  but  the 
letters  from  the  late  seat  of  war  tell  us,  that,  even  after 
the  great  victory  of  Solferino,  a  handful  of  Austrians,  strag- 
gling into  a  village,  put  a  corps  of  the  French  army  —  thou- 
sands strong  —  to  flight.  A  hundred  and  fifty  men  overturned 
the  French  monarchy,  on  the  occasion  to  which  I  have  already 
alluded,  in  1848.  When  the  circumstances  of  the  case  are 
taken  into  consideration,  I  suspect  it  will  be  agreed  that  any 
other  community  in  the  country,  similarly  situated,  would 
have  been  affected  in  the  same  way.  A  conflict  of  such  an 
unprecedented  character,  in  which  twelve  or  fourteen  persons 
on  the  two  sides  were  shot  down,  in  the  course  of  a  few 
hours,  appears  to  me  an  event  at  which  levity  ought  to  stand 
rebuked,  and  a  solemn  chill  to  fall  upon  every  right-thinking 
man. 

I  fear,  sir,  from  the  tone  of  some  of  the  public  journals, 


240  UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL. 

that  we  have  not  made  this  case  our  own.  Suppose  a  party  of 
desperate  misguided  men,  under  a  resolved  and  fearless  leader, 
had  been  organized  in  Virginia  to  come  and  establish  them- 
selves by  stealth  in  Springfield  in  this  State,  intending  there, 
after  possessing  themselves  at  the  unguarded  hour  of  mid- 
night of  the  National  Armory,  to  take  advantage  of  some  local 
cause  of  disaffection,  say  the  feud  between  Protestants  and 
Catholics  (which  led  to  a  very  deplorable  occurrence  in  this 
vicinity  a  few  years  ago),  to  stir  up  a  social  revolution;  that 
pikes  and  rifles  to  arm  twenty-five  hundred  men  had  been  pro- 
cured by  funds  raised  by  extensive  subscriptions  throughout  the 
South ;  that  at  the  dead  of  a  Sunday  night  the  work  of  de- 
struction had  begun,  by  shooting  down  an  unarmed  man 
who  had  refused  to  join  the  invading  force;  that  citizens  of 
the  first  standing  were  seized  and  imprisoned,  —  three  or  four 
others  killed ;  and  when,  on  the  entire  failure  of  the  conspir- 
acy, its  leader  had  been  tried,  —  ably  defended  by  counsel 
from  his  own  part  of  the  country,  —  convicted,  and  executed; 
that  throughout  Virginia  which  sent  him  forth  on  his  fatal 
errand,  and  the  South  generally,  funeral  bells  should  be  tolled, 
meetings  of  sympathy  held,  as  at  the  death  of  some  great 
public  benefactor,  and  the  person  who  had  plotted  to  put  a 
pike  or  a  rifle  in  the  hands  of  twenty-five  hundred  men,  to 
be  used  against  their  fellows,  inhabitants  of  the  same  town, 
inmates  of  the  same  houses ;  with  an  ulterior  intention  and 
purpose  of  wrapping  the  whole  community  in  a  civil  war 
of  the  deadliest  and  bloodiest  type,  in  which  a  man's  foes 
should  be  those  of  his  own  household ;  suppose,  I  say,  that 
the  person  who  planned  and  plotted  this,  and  with  his  own 
hand,  or  that  of  his  associates  acting  by  his  command,  had 
taken  the  lives  of  several  fellow-beings,  should  be  extolled, 
canonized,  placed  on  a  level  with  the  great  heroes  of  human- 
ity, nay,  assimilated  to  the  Saviour  of  mankind ;  and  all  this 
not  the  effect  of  a  solitary  individual  impulse,  but  the  ripe 
fruit  of  a  systematic  agitation  pursued  in  the  South,  unre- 
buked  for  years  !  What,  sir,  should  we  feel,  think,  say,  under 
such  a  state  of  things?  Should  we  weigh  every  phrase  of 
indignant  remonstrance  with  critical  accuracy,  and  divide  our 


UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL.  241 

murmurs  with  nice  discrimination  among  those  whom  we 
might  believe,  however  unjustly,  to  be  directly  or  indirectly 
concerned  in  the  murderous  aggression  ? 

Mr.  Chairman,  those  who   look  upon   the   existing  excite- 
ment at  the  South  as  factitious  or  extravagant  have,  I  fear, 
formed  a  very  inadequate  idea  of  the  nature  of  such  an  at- 
tempt as  that  which  was  made  at  Harper's  Ferry  was  in- 
tended to  be,  and  would  have  been  had  it  proved  successful. 
It  is  to  want,  of  reflection  on  this  point  that  we  must  ascribe 
the  fact,  that  any  civilized  man  in  his  right  mind,  and  still 
more   any  man  of   intelligence   and    moral    discernment,  in 
other  respects,  can  be  found  to  approve  and  sympathize  with 
it.     I  am  sure  if  such  persons  will  bring  home  to  their  minds, 
in  any  distinct  conception,  the  real  nature  of  the  undertaking, 
they  would  be  themselves  amazed  that  they  had  ever  given 
it  their  sympathy.      It    appears    from  his    own    statements 
and  those  of  his  deluded  associates,  of  his  biographer,  and 
of  his  wretched   wife,  that  the  unhappy  man  who  has  just 
paid  the  forfeit  of  his  life  had  for  years  meditated  a  general 
insurrection  in  the    Southern   States;    that  he  thought   the 
time  had  now  come  to  effect  it ;  that  the  slaves  were  ready  to 
rise  and  the  non-slaveholding  whites  to  join  them ;  and  both 
united  were  prepared  to   form   a   new    Commonwealth,   of 
which  the  constitution  was  organized  and  the  officers  chosen. 
With  this  wild,   but  thoroughly  matured  plan,  he  provides 
weapons  for  those  on  whose  rising  he  calculated  at  Harper's 
Ferry;    he   seizes  the  national  arsenal,  where   there  was  a 
supply  of  arms  for  a   hundred  thousand  men;  and   he  in- 
tended, if  unable  to  maintain  himself  at  once  in   the  open 
country,  to  retreat  to  the    mountains,  and  from   their  fast- 
nesses harass,  paralyze,  and  at  length  revolutionize  the  South. 
To  talk  of  the  pikes  and  rifles  not  being  intended  for  offen- 
sive purposes  is  simply  absurd.     The  first  act  almost  of  the 
party  was  to  shoot  down  a  free  colored  man  whom  they  were 
attempting  to  impress,  and  who  fled  from  them.     One  might 
as  well  say  that  the  rifled  ordnance  of  Louis  Napoleon  was 
intended  only    for    self-defence,  not  to   be  used  unless  the 
Austrians  should  undertake  to  arrest  his  march. 
vol.  iv.  16 


242  UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL. 

Nq,  sir,  it  was  an  attempt  to  do  on  a  vast  scale  what  was 
done  in  St.  Domingo  in  1791,  where  the  colored  population 
was  about  equal  to  that  of  Virginia ;  and  if  any  one  would 
form  a  distinct  idea  what  such  an  operation  is,  let  him  see  it, 
not  as  a  matter  of  vague  conception  —  a  crude  project  —  in 
the  mind  of  a  heated  fanatic,  but  as  it  stands  in  the  sober 
pages  of  history,  which  record  the  revolt  in  that  island ; 
the  midnight  burnings,  the  wholesale  massacres,  the  merciless 
tortures,  the  abominations  not  to  be  named  by  Christian  lips 
in  the  hearing  of  Christian  ears,  —  some  of  which,  too  unut- 
terably atrocious  for  the  English  language,  are  of  necessity 
veiled  in  the  obscurity  of  the  Latin  tongue.  Allow  me  to 
read  you  a  few  sentences  which  can  be  read  from  the  histo- 
rian of  these  events :  — 

"  In  the  town  itself,  the  general  belief  for  some  time  was,  that  the 
revolt  was  by  no  means  an  extensive  one,  but  a  sudden  and  partial  insur- 
rection only.  The  largest  sugar-plantation  on  the  plain  was  that  of 
Mons.  Gallifet,  situated  about  eight  miles  from  the  town,  the  negroes 
belonging  to  which  had  always  been  treated  with  such  kindness  and 
liberality,  and  possessed  so  many  advantages,  that  it  became  a  pro- 
verbial expression  among  the  lower  white  people,  in  speaking  of  any 
man's  good  fortune,  to  say,  11  est  heureux  comme  un  negre  de  Gallifet 
(He  is  as  happy  as  one  of  M.  Gallifet's  negroes).  M.  Odeluc,  an  at- 
torney, or  agent,  for  this  plantation,  was  a  member  of  the  General 
Assembly,  and  being  fully  persuaded  that  the  negroes  belonging  to  it 
would  remain  firm  in  their  obedience,  determined  to  repair  thither  to 
encourage  them  in  opposing  the  insurgents  ;  to  which  end  he  desired 
the  assistance  of  a  few  soldiers  from  the  town  guard,  which  was 
granted  him.  He  proceeded  accordingly,  but  on  approaching  the 
estate,  to  his  surprise  and  grief  he  found  all  the  negroes  in  arms  on 
the  side  of  the  rebels,  and  (horrid  to  tell)  their  standard  was  the  body 
of  a  white  infant  which  they  had  recently  impaled  on  a  stake !  M. 
Odeluc  had  advanced  too  far  to  retreat  undiscovered,  and  both  he  and 
a  friend  who  had  accompanied  him,  with  most  of  the  soldiers,  were 
killed  without  mercy.  Two  or  three  only  of  the  patrol  escaped  by 
flight,  and  conveyed  the  dreadful  tidings  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  town. 

"  By  this  time,  all  or  most  of  the  white  persons  who  had  been  found 
on  the  several  plantations,  being  massacred  or  forced  to  seek  their 
safety  in  flight,  the  ruffians  exchanged  the  sword  for  the  torch.     The 


UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL.  243 

buildings  and  cane-fields  were  everywhere  set  on  fire ;  and  the  con- 
flagrations, which  were  visible  from  the  town,  in  a  thousand  different 
quarters,  furnished  a  prospect  more  shocking,  and  reflections  more 
dismal,  than  fancy  can  paint  or  the  powers  of  man  describe." 

Such,  sir,  as  a  matter  of  history,  is  a  servile  insurrection. 
Now  let  us  cast  a  glance  at  the  state  of  things  in  the  South- 
ern States,  co-members  as  they  are  with  us  in  this  great  re- 
publican confederacy.  Let  us  consider  over  what  sort  of  a 
population  it  is  that  some  persons  among  us  think  it  not 
only  right  and  commendable,  but  in  the  highest  degree  heroic, 
saintlike,  godlike,  to  extend  the  awful  calamity  which  turned 
St.  Domingo  into  a  heap  of  bloody  ashes  in  1791.  There 
are  between  three  and  four  millions  of  the  colored  race  scat- 
tered through  the  Southern  and  Southwestern  States,  in  small 
groups,  in  cities,  towns,  villages,  and  in  larger  bodies  on  iso- 
lated plantations ;  in  the  house,  the  factory,  and  the  field ; 
mingled  together  with  the  dominant  race  in  the  various  pur- 
suits of  life ;  the  latter  amounting  in  the  aggregate  to  eight 
or  nine  millions,  if  I  rightly  recollect  the  numbers.  Upon 
this  community,  thus  composed,  it  was  the  design  of  Brown 
to  let  loose  the  hellhounds  of  a  servile  insurrection,  and  to 
bring  on  a  struggle  which,  for  magnitude,  atrocity,  and  hor- 
ror, would  have  stood  alone  in  the  history  of  the  world.  And 
these  eight  or  nine  millions,  against  whom  this  frightful  war 
was  levied,  are  our  fellow-citizens,  entitled  with  us  to  the 
protection  of  that  compact  of  government  which  recognizes 
their  relation  to  the  colored  race,  —  a  compact  which  every 
sworn  officer  of  the  Union  or  of  the  States  is  bound  by  his 
oath  to  support!  Among  them,  sir,  is  a  fair  proportion  of 
men  and  women  of  education  and  culture,  —  of  moral  and 
religious  lives  and  characters,  —  virtuous  fathers,  mothers, 
sons,  and  daughters,  persons  who  would  adorn  any  station  of 
society,  in  any  country,  —  men  who  read  the  same  Bible  that 
we  do,  and  in  the  name  of  the  same  Master  kneel  at  the 
throne  of  the  same  God,  —  forming  a  class  of  men  from 
which  have  gone  forth  some  of  the  greatest  and  purest  char- 
acters which  adorn  our  history,  —  Washington,  Jefferson, 
Madison,  Monroe,  Marshall,  in  the  single  State  of  Virginia, 


244  UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL. 

against  which  the  first  blow  has  been  struck.  These  are  the 
men,  the  women,  for  whose  bosoms  pikes  and  rifles  are  manu- 
factured in  New  England,  to  be  placed  in  the  hands  of  an 
ignorant  subject  race,  supposed,  most  wrongfully,  as  recent 
events  have  shown,  to  be  waiting  only  for  an  opportunity  to 
use  them! 

Sir,  I  have,  on  three  or  four  different  occasions  in  early  life 
and  more  recently,  visited  all  the  Southern  and  Southwestern 
States,  with  the  exception  of  Arkansas  and  Alabama.  I 
have  enjoyed  the  hospitality  of  the  city  and  the  country ;  and 
I  have  had  the  privilege,  before  crowded  and  favoring  audi- 
ences, to  hold  up  the  character  of  the  Father  of  his  Country, 
and  to  inculcate  the  blessings  of  the  Union,  in  the  same  pre- 
cise terms  in  which  I  have  done  it  here  at  home,  and  in  the 
other  portions  of  the  land.  I  have  been  admitted  to  the  con- 
fidence of  the  domestic  circle,  and  I  have  seen  there  touching 
manifestations  of  the  kindest  feelings  by  which  that  circle, 
in  all  its  members,  high  and  low,  master  and  servant,  can  be 
bound  together;  and  when  I  contemplate  the  horrors  that 
would  have  ensued  had  the  tragedy  on  which  the  curtain  rose 
at  Harper's  Ferry  been  acted  out,  through  all  its  scenes  of 
fire  and  sword,  of  lust  and  murder,  of  rapine  and  desolation, 
to  the  final  catastrophe,  I  am  filled  with  emotions  to  which 
no  words  can  do  justice.  There  could  of  course  be  but  one 
result,  and  that  well  deserving  the  thoughtful  meditation  of 
those,  if  any  such  there  be,  who  think  that  the  welfare  of  the 
colored  race  could  by  any  possibility  be  promoted  by  the  suc- 
cess of  such  a  movement,  and  who  are  willing  to  purchase 
that  result  by  so  costly  a  sacrifice.  The  colored  population 
of  St.  Domingo  amounted  to  but  little  short  of  half  a  mil- 
lion, while  the  whites  amounted  to  only  thirty  thousand. 
The  white  population  of  the  Southern  States  alone  in  the 
aggregate  outnumbers  the  colored  race  in  the  ratio  of  two  to 
one ;  in  the  Union  at  large,  in  the  ratio  of  seven  to  one ;  and 
if  (which  Heaven  avert!)  they  should  be  brought  into  conflict, 
it  could  end  only  in  the  extermination  of  the  latter  after 
scenes  of  woe  for  which  language  is  too  faint,  and  for  which 
the  liveliest  fancy  has  no  adequate  images  of  horror. 


UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL.  245 

Such  being  the  case,  some  one  may  ask,  Why  does  not  the 
South  fortify  herself  against  the  possible  occurrence  of  such 
a  catastrophe,  by  doing  away  with  the  one  great  source  from 
which  alone  it  can  spring  ?  This  is  a  question  easily  asked, 
and  I  am  not  aware  that  it  is  our  duty  at  the  North  to  answer 
it ;  but  it  may  be  observed  that  great  and  radical  changes  in 
the  framework  of  society,  involving  the  relations  of  twelve 
millions  of  men,  will  not  wait  on  the  bidding  of  an  impatient 
philanthropy.  They  can  only  be  brought  about  in  the  lapse 
of  time,  by  the  steady  operation  of  physical,  economical,  and 
moral  causes.  Have  those  who  rebuke  the  South  for  the 
continuance  of  slavery  considered  that  neither  the  present 
generation  nor  the  preceding  one  is  responsible  for  its  exist- 
ence? The  African  slave-trade  was  prohibited  by  act  of 
Congress  fifty-one  years  ago,  and  many  years  earlier  by  the 
separate  Southern  States.  The  entire  colored  population, 
with  the  exception,  perhaps,  of  a  few  hundreds  surreptitiously 
introduced,  is  native  to  the  soil.  Their  ancestors  were  con- 
veyed from  Africa  in  the  ships  of  Old  England  and  New 
England.  They  now  number  between  three  and  four  mil- 
lions. Has  any  person,  of  any  party  or  opinion,  proposed,  in 
sober  earnest,  a  practical  method  of  wholesale  emancipation  ? 
I  believe  most  persons  in  all  parts  of  the  country  are  of 
opinion  that  free  labor  is  steadily  gaining  ground.  It  would 
in  my  judgment  have  already  prevailed  in  the  two  northern 
tiers  of  the  slaveholding  States,  had  its  advances  not  been 
unhappily  retarded  by  the  irritating  agitations  of  the  day. 
But  has  any  person,  whose  opinion  is  entitled  to  the  slightest 
respect,  ever  undertaken  to  sketch  out  the  details  of  a  plan 
for  effecting  the  change  at  once,  by  any  legislative  measure 
that  could  be  adopted  ?  Consider  only,  I  pray  you,  that  it 
would  be  to  ask  the  South  to  give  up  one  thousand  millions 
of  property,  which  she  holds  by  a  title  satisfactory  to  herself, 
as  the  first  step.  Then  estimate  the  cost  of  an  adequate 
outfit  for  the  self-support  of  the  emancipated  millions ;  then 
reflect  on  the  derangement  of  the  entire  industrial  system  of 
the  South,  and  all  the  branches  of  commerce  and  manufac- 
tures that  depend  on  its  great  staples;  then  the  necessity  of 


246  UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL. 

conferring  equal  political  privileges  on  the  emancipated  race, 
who  being  free  would  be  content  with  nothing  less,  if  any- 
thing less  were  consistent  with  our  political  system ;  then  the 
consequent  organization  of  two  great  political  parties  on  the 
basis  of  color,  and  the  eternal  feud  which  would  rage  be- 
tween them ;  and  finally  the  overflow  into  the  free  States  of 
a  vast  multitude  of  needy  and  helpless  emigrants,  who,  being 
excluded  from  many  of  them,  would  prove  doubly  burden- 
some, where  they  are  admitted.  Should  we,  sir,  with  all  our 
sympathy  for  the  colored  race  (and  I  do  sincerely  sympathize 
with  them,  and  to  all  whom  chance  throws  in  my  way,  I  have 
through  life  extended  all  the  relief  and  assistance  in  my 
power),  give  a  very  cordial  reception  to  two  or  three  hundred 
thousand  destitute  emancipated  slaves  ?  Does  not  every  can- 
did man  see,  that  every  one  of  these  steps  presents  difficulties 
of  the  most  formidable  character,  —  difficulties  for  which,  as 
far  as  I  know,  no  man  and  no  party  has  proposed  a  solution? 

And  is  it,  sir,  for  the  attainment  of  objects  so  manifestly 
impracticable,  pursued,  too,  by  the  bloody  pathways  of  trea- 
son and  murder,  that  we  will  allow  the  stupendous  evil  which 
now  threatens  us  to  come  upon  the  country  ?  Shall  we  per- 
mit this  curiously  compacted  body  politic,  the  nicest  adjust- 
ment of  human  wisdom,  to  go  to  pieces?  Will  we  blast 
this  beautiful  symmetric  form,  paralyze  this  powerful  arm  of 
public  strength,  smite  with  imbecility  this  great  national 
intellect?  Where,  sir,  O  where,  will  be  the  flag  of  the 
United  States!  Where  our  rapidly  increasing  influence  in 
the  family  of  nations!  Already  they  are  rejoicing  in  our 
divisions.  The  last  foreign  journal  which  I  have  read,  in 
commenting  upon  the  event  at  Harper's  Ferry,  dwells  upon 
it  as  something  that  "  will  compel  us  to  keep  the  peace  with 
the  powers  of  Europe,"  and  that  means  to  take  the  law  from 
them  in  our  international  relations. 

I  meant  to  have  spoken  of  the  wreck  of  that  magnificent 
and  mutually  beneficial  commercial  intercourse  which  now 
exists  between  the  producing  and  manufacturing  States; 
of  the  hostile  tariffs  in  time  of  peace,  and  the  habitually  re- 
curring border  wars,  by  which   it   will   be   annihilated.      I 


UNION    MEETING    IN    FANEUIL    HALL.  247 

meant  to  have  said  a  word  of  the  Navy  of  the  United 
States,  and  the  rich  inheritance  of  its  common  glories. 
Shall  we  give  up  this?  The  memory  of  our  fathers,  —  of 
those  happy  days  when  the  men  of  the  North  and  South 
stood  together  for  the  country  on  hard-fought  fields ;  when 
the  South  sent  her  Washington  to  Massachusetts,  and  New 
England  sent  her  Greene  to  Carolina,  —  is  all  this  forgotten? 
"  Is  all  the  counsel  that  we  two  have  shared,"  all  the  joint 
labors  to  found  this  great  Republic, — is  this  "all  forgot"? 
and  will  we  permit  this  last  great  experiment  of  confederate 
republicanism  to  become  a  proverb  and  a  by-word  to  the 
nations  ?  No,  fellow-citizens,  no,  a  thousand  times  no ! 
This  glorious  Union  shall  not  perish!  Precious  legacy  of 
our  fathers,  it  shall  go  down  honored  and  cherished  to  our 
children.  Generations  unborn  shall  enjoy  its  privileges  as 
we  have  done ;  and  if  we  leave  them  poor  in  all  besides,  we 
will  transmit  to  them  the  boundless  wealth  of  its  blessings  ! 


WASHINGTON  IRVING* 


I  cordially  concur  in  the  resolutions  which  Mr.  Longfellow- 
has  submitted  to  the  Society.  They  do  no  more  than  justice 
to  the  merits  and  character  of  Mr.  Irving,  as  a  man  and  as  a 
writer ;  and  it  is  to  me,  sir,  a  very  pleasing  circumstance,  that 
a  tribute  like  this  to  the  Nestor  of  the  prose-writers  of  Amer- 
ica—  so  just  and  so  happily  expressed  —  should  be  paid  by 
the  most  distinguished  of  our  American  poets. 

If  the  year  1769  is  distinguished,  above  every  other  year 
of  the  last  century,  for  the  number  of  eminent  men  to  which 
it  gave  birth,  that  of  1859  is  thus  far  signalized,  in  this  cen- 
tury, for  the  number  of  bright  names  which  it  has  taken  from 
us ;  and  surely  that  of  Washington  Irving  may  be  accounted 
with  the  brightest  on  the  list. 

It  is  eminently  proper  that  we  should  take  a  respectful  no- 
tice of  his  decease.  He  has  stood  for  many  years  on  the  roll 
of  our  honorary  members,  and  he  has  enriched  the  literature 
of  the  country  with  two  first-class  historical  works,  which, 
although  from  their  subjects  they  possess  a  peculiar  attraction 
for  the  people  of  the  United  States,  are  yet,  in  general  inter- 
est, second  to  no  contemporary  works  in  that  department  of 
literature.  I  allude,  of  course,  to  the  History  of  the  Life  and 
Voyages  of  Columbus,  and  the  Life  of  Washington. 

Although  Mr.  Irving's  devotion  to  literature  as  a  profes- 
sion—  and  a  profession  pursued  with  almost  unequalled  suc- 
cess—  was  caused  by  untoward  events,  which  in  ordinary 
cases  would  have  proved  the  ruin  of  a  life,  a  rare  good 
fortune  attended  his  literary  career.  Without  having  received 
a  collegiate  education,  and  destined  first  to  the  legal  profes- 

*  Remarks  before  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society,  loth  December, 
1859. 


WASHINGTON    IRVING.  249 

sion,  which  he  abandoned  as  uncongenial,  he  had,  in  very 
early  life,  given  promise  of  attaining  a  brilliant  reputation  as 
a  writer.  Some  essays  from  his  pen  attracted  notice  before 
he  had  reached  his  majority.  A  few  years  later,  the  numbers 
of  the  Salmagundi,  to  which  he  was  a  principal  contributor, 
enjoyed  a  success  throughout  the  United  States  far  beyond 
any  former  similar  work,  and  not  surpassed,  if  equalled,  by 
anything  which  has  since  appeared. 

This  was  followed  by  Knickerbocker's  History  of  New 
York,  which  at  once  placed  Mr.  Irving  at  the  head  of  Amer- 
ican humorists.  In  the  class  of  compositions  to  which  it 
belongs,  I  know  of  nothing  happier  than  this  work  in  our 
language.  It  has  probably  been  read  as  widely,  and  with  as 
keen  a  relish,  as  anything  from  Mr.  Irving's  pen.  It  would 
seem  cynical  to  subject  a  work  of  this  kind  to  an  austere 
commentary,  at  least  while  we  are  paying  a  tribute  to  the 
memory  of  its  lamented  author.  But  I  may  be  permitted  to 
observe,  that,  while  this  kind  of  humorous  writing  fits  well 
with  the  joyous  temperament  of  youth,  in  the  first  flush  of 
successful  authorship,  and  is  managed  by  Mr.  Irving  with 
great  delicacy  and  skill,  it  is  still,  in  my  opinion,  better 
adapted  for  a.jeu  d? esprit  in  a  magazine  than  for  a  work  of 
considerable  compass.  To  travesty  an  entire  history  seems 
to  me  a  mistaken  effort  of  ingenuity,  and  not  well  applied  to 
the  countrymen  of  William  of  Orange,  Grotius,  the  De 
Witts,  and  Van  Tromp. 

This  work  first  made  Mr.  Irving  known  in  Europe.  His 
friend,  Mr.  Henry  Brevoort,  one  of  the  associate  wits  of  the 
Salmagundi,  had  sent  a  copy  of  it  to  Sir  Walter  Scott,  him- 
self chiefly  known  at  that  time  as  the  most  popular  of  the 
English  poets  of  the  day,  though  as  such  beginning  to  be 
outshone  by  the  fresher  brightness  of  Byron's  inspiration. 
Scott,  though  necessarily  ignorant  of  the  piquant  allusions 
to  topics  of  contemporary  interest,  and  wholly  destitute  of 
sympathy  with  the  spirit  of  the  work,  entered  fully  into  its 
humor  as  a  literary  effort,  and  spoke  of  it  with  discrimination 
and  warmth.  His  letter  to  Mr.  Henry  Brevoort  is  now  in  the 
possession  of  his  son,  our  esteemed  corresponding  associate, 


250  WASHINGTON    IRVING. 

Mr.  J.  Carson  Brevoort ;  to  whose  liberality  we  are  indebted 
for  the  curious  panoramic  drawing  of  the  military  works,  in 
the  environs  of  Boston,  executed  by  a  British  officer  in  1775, 
which  I  have  had  the  pleasure,  on  behalf  of  Mr.  Brevoort,  of 
tendering  to  the  Society  this  evening.  Mr.  Carson  Brevoort 
has  caused  a  lithographic  facsimile  of  Sir  Walter  Scott's 
letter  to  be  executed,  and  of  this  interesting  relic  he  also  offers 
a  copy  to  the  acceptance  of  the  Society.  The  latter  has 
been  inserted  in  the  very  instructive  article  on  Mr.  Irving,  in 
Allibone's  invaluable  Dictionary  of  English  and  American 
Authors;  but  as  it  is  short,  and  may  not  be  generally  known 
to  the  Society,  I  will  read  it  from  the  facsimile. 

"  My  dear  Sir  :  —  I  beg  you  to  accept  my  best  thanks  for  the  un- 
common degree  of  entertainment  which  I  have  received  from  the  most 
excellently  jocose  history  of  New  York.  I  am  sensible  that,  as  a 
stranger  to  American  parties  and  politics,  I  must  lose  much  of  the 
concealed  satire  of  the  piece,  but  I  must  own  that,  looking  at  the  sim- 
ple and  obvious  meaning  only,  I  have  never  read  anything  so  closely 
resembling  the  style  of  Dean  Swift  as  the  annals  of  Diedrich  Knick- 
erbocker. I  have  been  employed  these  few  evenings  in  reading  them 
aloud  to  Mrs.  S.  and  two  ladies  who  are  our  guests,  and  our  sides  have 
been  absolutely  sore  with  laughing.  I  think,  too,  there  are  passages 
which  indicate  that  the  author  possesses  powers  of  a  different  kind,  and 
has  some  touches  which  remind  me  much  of  Sterne.  I  beg  you  will 
have  the  kindness  to  let  me  know  when  Mr.  Irving  takes  pen  in  hand 
again,  for  assuredly  I  shall  expect  a  very  great  treat,  which  I  may 
chance  never  to  hear  of  but  through  your  kindness. 
"  Believe  me,  dear  sir, 

1  "  Your  obliged  humble  servant, 

"  Walter  Scott. 
"Abbotsfokd,  23d  April,  1813." 

After  Mr.  Irving  had  been  led  to  take  up  his  residence 
abroad  and  to  adopt  literature  as  a  profession  and  a  liveli- 
hood, a  resource  to  which  he  was  driven  by  the  failure  of  the 
commercial  house  of  his  relatives,  of  which  he  was  nominally 
a  partner,  he  produced  in  rapid  succession  a  series  of  works 
which  stood  the  test  of  English  criticism,  and  attained  a  pop- 
ularity not  surpassed  —  hardly  equalled  —  by  that  of  any  of 
his  European  contemporaries.    This  fact,  besides  being  attested 


WASHINGTON    IRVING.  251 

by  the  critical  journals  of  the  day,  may  be  safely  inferred 
from  the  munificent  prices  paid  by  the  great  London  book- 
seller, the  elder  Murray,  for  the  copyright  of  several  of  his 
productions.  He  wrote,  among  other  subjects,  of  English 
manners,  sports,  and  traditions,  —  national  traits  of  character, 
—  certainly  the  most  difficult  topics  for  a  foreigner  to  treat, 
and  he  wrote  at  S  time  when  Scott  was  almost  annually 
sending  forth  one  of  his  marvellous  novels;  when  the  poeti- 
cal reputation  of  Moore,  Byron,  Campbell,  and  Rogers  was 
at  the  zenith ;  and  the  public  appetite  was  consequently  fed 
almost  to  satiety  by  these  familiar  domestic  favorites.  But 
notwithstanding  these  disadvantages  and  obstacles  to  success, 
he  rose  at  once  to  a  popularity  of  the  most  brilliant  and  envi- 
able kind ;  and  this  too  in  a  branch  of  literature  which  had 
not  been  cultivated  with  distinguished  success  in  England 
since  the  time  of  Goldsmith,  and,  with  the  exception  of 
Goldsmith,  not  since  the  days  of  Addison  and   Steele. 

Mr.  Irving's  manner  is  often  compared  with  Addison's, 
though,  closely  examined,  there  is  no  great  resemblance  be- 
tween them,  except  that  they  both  write  in  a  simple,  unaf- 
fected style,  remote  from  the  tiresome  stateliness  of  Johnson 
and  Gibbon.  It  was  one  of  the  witty,  but  rather  ill-natured, 
sayings  of  Mr.  Samuel  Rogers,  whose  epigrams  sometimes 
did  as  much  injustice  to  his  own  kind  and  generous  nature  as 
they  did  to  the  victims  of  his  pleasantry,  that  Washington 
Irving  was  Addison  and  Water;  a  judgment  which,  if  se- 
riously dealt  with,  is  altogether  aside  from  the  merits  of  the 
two  writers,  who  have  very  little  in  common.  Addison  had 
received  a  finished  classical  education  at  the  Charter- House 
and  at  Oxford,  was  eminently  a  man  of  books,  and  had  a 
decided  taste  for  literary  criticism.  Mr.  Irving,  for  a  man  of 
letters,  was  not  a  great  reader,  and  if  he  possessed  the  criti- 
cal faculty,  never  exercised  it.  Addison  quoted  the  Latin 
poets  freely  and  wrote  correct  Latin  verses  himself.  Mr. 
Irving  made  no  pretensions  to  a  familiar  acquaintance  with 
the  classics,  and  probably  never  made  a  hexameter  in  his  life. 
Addison  wrote  some  smooth  English  poetry,  which  Mr.  Irving, 
I  believe,  never  attempted ;  but  with  the  exception  of  two  or 


252  WASHINGTON    IRVING. 

three  exquisite  hymns  (which  will  last  as  long  as  the  English 
language  does),  one  brilliant  simile  of  six  lines  in  the  "  Cam- 
paign," and  one  or  two  sententious  but  not  very  brilliant  pas- 
sages from  Cato,  not  a  line  of  Addison's  poetry  has  been 
quoted  for  a  hundred  years.  But  Mr.  Irving's  peculiar  vein 
of  humor  is  not  inferior  in  playful  raciness  to  Addison's ;  his 
nicety  of  characterization  is  quite  equal;  Jiis  judgment  upon 
all  moral  relations  as  sound  and  true  ;  his  human  sympathies 
more  comprehensive,  tenderer,  and  chaster;  and  his  poetical 
faculty,  though  never  developed  in  verse,  vastly  above  Addi- 
son's. One  chord  in  the  human  heart,  the  pathetic,  for  whose 
sweet  music  Addison  had  no  ear,  Irving  touched  with  the 
hand  of  a  master.  He  learned  that  skill  in  the  school  of 
early  disappointment. 

In  this  respect  the  writer  was  in  both  cases  reflected  in  the 
man.  Addison,  after  a  protracted  suit,  made  an  "  ambitious 
match"  with  a  termagant  peeress.  Irving,  who  would  as 
soon  have  married  Hecate  as  a  woman  like  the  Countess  of 
Warwick,  buried  a  blighted  hope,  never  to  be  rekindled,  in 
the  grave  of  a  youthful  sorrow. 

As  miscellaneous  essayists,  in  which  capacity  only  they  can 
be  compared,  Irving  exceeds  Addison  in  versatility  and  range, 
quite  as  much  as  Addison  exceeds  Irving  in  the  far  less  im- 
portant quality  of  classical  tincture  ;  while  as  a  great  national 
historian,  our  countryman  reaped  laurels  in  a  field  which  Ad- 
dison never  entered. 

Mr.  Irving's  first  great  historical  work,  the  Life  and  Voy 
ages  of  Columbus,  appeared  at  London  and  New  York  in 
1828.  Being  at  Bordeaux  in  the  winter  of  1825-26,  he  re- 
ceived a  letter  from  Mr.  Alexander  H.  Everett,  then  Minister 
of  the  United  States  in  Spain,  informing  him  that  a  work 
was  passing  through  the  press,  containing  a  collection  of 
documents  relative  to  the  voyages  of  Columbus,  among 
which  were  many  of  a  highly  important  nature  recently  dis- 
covered in  the  public  archives.  This  was  the  now  well- 
known  work  of  Navarrete,  the  secretary  of  the  Royal  Span- 
ish Academy  of  History.  Mr.  Everett,  in  making  this  com- 
munication to  Mr.  Irving,  suggested  that  the  translation  of 


WASHINGTON  IRVING.  253 

Navarrete's  volumes  into  English,  by  some  American  scholar, 
would  be  very  desirable.  Mr.  Irving  concurred  in  this  opin- 
ion, and  having  previously  intended  to  visit  Madrid,  shortly 
afterwards  repaired  to  that  capital,  with  a  view  to  undertake 
the  proposed  translation. 

Navarrete's  collection  was  published  soon  after  Mr.  Irving's 
arrival  at  Madrid,  and,  finding  it  rich  in  original  documents 
hitherto  unknown,  which  threw  additional  light  on  the  dis- 
covery of  America,  he  conceived  the  happy  idea  (instead  of 
a  simple  translation)  of  preparing  from  them  and  other  ma- 
terials liberally  placed  at  his  disposal,  in  the  public  and  private 
libraries  of  Spain  (and  especially  that  of  Mr.  Obadiah  Rich, 
our  consul  at  Valencia,  with  whom  Mr.  Irving  was  domes- 
ticated at  Madrid,  and  who  possessed  a  collection  of  manu- 
scripts and  books  of  extreme  value),  a  new  history  of  the 
greatest  event  of  modern  times,  drawn  up  in  the  form  of  a 
Life  of  Columbus.  He  addressed  himself  with  zeal  and  assi- 
duity to  the  execution  of  this  happy  conception,  and  in  about 
two  years  the  work,  in  four  octavo  volumes,  was  ready  for 
the  press.  When  it  is  considered  that  much  of  the  material 
was  to  be  drawn  from  ancient  manuscripts  and  black-letter 
chronicles  in  a  foreign  tongue,  it  is  a  noble  monument  of  the 
industry  as  well  as  the  literary  talent  of  its  author. 

That  these  newly  discovered  materials  for  a  life  of  Colum- 
bus and  a  history  of  the  great  discovery  should  have  fallen 
directly  into  the  hands  of  an  American  writer  so  well  qual- 
ified to  make  a  good  use  of  them  as  Mr.  Irving,  and  that 
the  credit  of  producing  the  first  adequate  memorial  of  this 
all-important  event  should  have  been  thus  secured  to  the 
United  States  by  their  most  popular  author,  is  certainly  a 
very  pleasing  coincidence. 

The  limits  of  this  occasion  require  me  to  pass  over  two  or 
three  popular  works  of  a  light  cast,  for  which  Mr.  Irving  col- 
lected the  materials  while  carrying  on  his  historical  researches 
in  Spain,  as  also  those  which  issued  from  his  industrious  and 
fertile  pen,  after  his  return  to  the  United  States  in  1832.  At 
this  period  of  his  fife  he  began  seriously  to  contemplate  the 
preparation  of  his  last  great  production,  —  the  Life  of  Wash- 


254  WASHINGTON    IRVING. 

ington.  This  subject  had  been  pressed  upon  him,  while  he 
was  yet  in  Europe,  by  Mr.  Archibald  Constable,  the  cele- 
brated publisher  at  Edinburgh,  and  Mr.  Irving  determined  to 
undertake  it  as  soon  as  his  return  to  America  should  bring 
him  within  reach  of  the  necessary  documents.  Various  cir- 
cumstances concurred  to  prevent  the  execution  of  the  project 
at  this  time,  especially  his  appointment  as  Minister  to  Spain, 
and  his  residence  in  that  country  from  1842  to  1846.  On  his 
return  to  America,  at  the  close  of  his  mission,  he  appears  to 
have  applied  himself  diligently  to  the  long-meditated  under- 
taking, though  he  proceeded  but  slowly,  at  first,  in  its  exe- 
cution. The  first  volume  appeared  in  1855,  and  the  four 
following  in  rapid  succession.  The  work  was  finally  com- 
pleted the  present  year,  —  fit  close  of  the  life  of  its  illustri- 
ous author,  and  of  a  literary  career  of  such  rare  brilliancy 
and  success. 

It  would  be  altogether  a  work  of  supererogation  to  engage 
in  any  general  commentary  on  the  merits  of  Mr.  Irving's  two 
great  historical  works,  and  the  occasion  is  not  appropriate  for 
a  critical  analysis  of  them.  They  have  taken  a  recognized 
place  in  the  historical  literature  of  the  age,  and  stand,  by  all 
confession,  in  the  front  rank  of  those  works  of  history  of 
which  this  century,  and  especially  this  country,  has  been  so 
honorably  prolific.  Reserving  a  distinguished  place  apart 
for  the  venerable  name  of  Marshall,  Mr.  Irving  leads  the  long 
line  of  American  historians,  —  first  in  time  and  not  second 
in  beauty  of  style,  conscientious  accuracy,  and  skilful  ar- 
rangement of  materials.  As  his  two  works  treat  respectively 
of  themes  which,  for  purely  American  interest,  stand  at  the 
head  of  all  single  subjects  of  historical  research,  so  there  is 
no  one  of  our  writers  to  whom  the  united  voice  of  the  coun- 
try would  with  such  cheerful  unanimity  have  intrusted  their 
composition. 

From  the  time  that  he  entered  for  life  upon  a  literary 
career,  Mr.  Irving  gave  himself  almost  exclusively  to  its  pur- 
suit. He  filled  the  office  of  Charge  d' Affaires  for  a  short 
time  in  London,  prior  to  his  return  to  the  United  States,  and 
that  of  Minister  to  Spain  from  1842  to  1846.     His  diplomat- 


WASHINGTON    IRVING.  255 

ic  despatches,  in  that  capacity,  are  among  the  richest  of  the 
treasures  which  lie  buried  in  the  public  archives  at  Wash- 
ington. 

A  more  beautiful  life  than  Mr.  Irving's  can  hardly  be  im- 
agined. Not  uncheckered  with  adversity,  his  early  trials, 
under  the  soothing  influence  of  time,  without  subduing  the 
natural  cheerfulness  of  his  disposition,  threw  over  it  a  mel- 
low tenderness,  which  breathes  in  his  habitual  trains  of 
thought,  and  is  reflected  in  the  amenity  of  his  style.  His 
misfortunes  in  business,  kindly  overruled  by  a  gracious  Prov- 
idence, laid  the  foundation  of  literary  success,  reputation, 
and  prosperity.  At  two  different  periods  of  his  career  he 
engaged  in  public  life ;  entering  it  without  ambition,  per- 
forming its  duties  with  diligence  and  punctuality,  and  leav- 
ing it  without  regret.  He  was  appointed  Charge*  d' Affaires 
to  London  under  General  Jackson's  administration,  and  Min- 
ister to  Spain  under  Mr.  Tyler's,  the  only  instances  perhaps 
in  this  century  in  which  a  distinguished  executive  appoint- 
ment has  been  made  without  a  thought  as  to  the  political 
opinions  of  the  person  appointed.  Mr.  Irving's  appointment 
to  Spain  was  made  on  the  recommendation  of  Mr.  "Webster, 
who  told  me  that  he  regarded  it  as  one  of  the  most  honorable 
memorials  of  his  administration  of  the  Department  of  State. 
It  was  no  doubt  a  pleasing  circumstance  to  Mr.  Irving,  to 
return  in  his  advancing  years,  crowned  with  public  honors, 
to  the  country  where,  in  earlier  life,  he  had  pursued  his  his- 
torical studies  with  so  much  success ;  but  public  life  had  no 
attractions  for  him.  The  respect  and  affection  of  the  com- 
munity followed  him  to  his  retirement.  He  lived  in  pros- 
perity without  an  ill-wisher;  finished  the  work  which  was 
given  him  to  do  amidst  the  blessings  of  his  countrymen ; 
and  died  amidst  loving  kindred  in  honor  and  peace. 


BIRTHDAY   OF  WASHINGTON  IRVING* 


Mr.  President,  Ladies,  and  Gentlemen  :  — 

I  rise  at  your  instance,  sir,  with  much  pleasure,  to  assure 
you,  on  behalf  of  my  friend,  Mr.  Ticknor,  and  other  friends 
from  the  East,  who  share  with  me  the  privilege  of  being 
present  with  you  this  evening,  that  all  that  New  England  to 
which  you  have  so  kindly  alluded  —  for  I  know  that  I  may 
speak  for  her  on  this  occasion  —  responds  most  emphatically 
to  every  word  that  has  been  said,  sympathizes  most  cor- 
dially with  everything  that  can  be  felt  or  uttered,  in  honor  of 
the  bright  and  beloved  name  to  which  you  have  consecrated 
the  hour.  It  does  not  belong  to  me  in  this  presence  to  attempt 
the  eulogium  of  Irving.  On  other  occasions,  and  in  other  pla- 
ces, and  while  the  country  was  still  saddened  by  his  recent  loss, 
I  claimed  the  mournful  privilege  of  joining  my  voice  to  the 
unanimous  expression  of  respectful  and  affectionate  admira- 
tion which  followed  him  to  his  grave.  We  come  now  only, 
honored  by  your  invitation,  to  listen  to  the  just,  the  discrim- 
inating and  eloquent  tribute  which  your  distinguished  fellow- 
citizen,!  inspired  by  the  sympathy  of  kindred  genius,  has  paid 
to  his  memory,  —  giving  utterance,  I  am  sure,  to  the  thought 
and  feeling  of  this  great  and  approving  audience. 

It  is,  indeed,  fitting,  sir,  that  every  part  of  the  country 
should  unite  with  you  in  these  offices  of  commemoration. 
It  was  one  of  the  peculiar  felicities  of  the  literary  career  of 
Irving,  that  he  was  an  equal  favorite  in  every  part  of  the 
Union.     Although  his  first  productions  were  mainly — one 

*  Remarks  made  at  the  celebration  of  the  birthday  of  Washington  Irving 
in  New  York,  3d  April,  1860. 
f  William  C.  Bryant,  Esq. 


BIRTHDAY    OF    WASHINGTON    IRVING.  257 

of  them  exclusively  —  on  local  themes,  and  therefore,  in  ordi- 
nary hands,  likely  to  excite  only  a  local  interest,  these  first 
displays  of  his  happy  talent,  alternately  playful,  shrewd,  and 
tender,  were  as  promptly  and  cordially  welcomed  in  Boston, 
in  Philadelphia,  in  Baltimore,  in  Richmond,  and  in  Charles- 
ton as  in  New  York.  The  good  taste  which  prescribed  lim- 
its to  the  extravagance,  the  kind  feeling  which  tempered  the 
ridicule,  the  sound  sense  which  chastened  the  pleasantry,  and, 
above  all,  that  "  touch  of  nature  which  makes  the  whole 
world  kin,"  shone  out  in  every  page  of  these  sportive  crea- 
tions of  the  youthful  humorist.  These  were  qualities  that 
were  equally  attractive  in  every  part  of  the  country,  and  they 
secured  for  him,  from  the  outset,  throughout  the  Union,  the 
same  popularity  which  he  enjoyed  in  his  native  city ;  and 
this  happiness  attended  him  throughout  his  career.  There 
never  was  a  day,  from  his  first  appearance  as  an  author  down 
to  the  publication  of  his  last  volume,  in  which  the  slightest 
trace  of  locality,  if  I  may  so  express  myself,  attached  to  his 
reputation.  If  from  that  remoteness  of  local  position  which 
must  exist  between  the  different  parts  of  a  great  continent, — 
if  from  peculiarities  having  their  origin  in  national  descent 
or  historical  recollections,  —  if  from  feelings  of  State  or  sec- 
tional preference,  growing  out  of  the  political  organization 
of  the  country,  —  I  mean  its  division  into  States  and  groups 
of  States,  having  each  its  centre  of  influence,  —  if  from  any 
or  all  of  these  causes  sectional  likes  or  dislikes  of  authors  on 
account  of  their  place  of  birth  or  residence  have  crept  into 
our  literature  (and  I  must  say  there  is  less  of  this  narrow 
feeling  than  might  have  been  expected),  there  never  has  been 
the  slightest  indication  of  it  in  reference  to  Mr.  Irving.  The 
East  and  the  West,  the  North  and  the  South,  have  shown 
themselves  equally  prompt  to  swell  this  chorus  of  his  unen- 
vied  popularity. 

I  own,  sir,  that  I  look  upon  this  universal  favor  which 
crowned  Mr.  Irving's  literary  efforts,  and  followed  him  through 
life,  as  not  less  happy  for  the  country  than  honorable  for  him- 
self. It  tended  to  foster  a  nationality  of  the  purest  and  no- 
blest kind,  —  a  nationality  of  mind.     It  is  not  easy  to  overrate 

VOL.   iv.  17 


258  BIRTHDAY    OF    WASHINGTON    IRVING. 

the  influence  of  such  a  writer  as  Mr.  Irving  over  a  commu- 
nity like  ours,  —  a  reading  and  a  thinking,  but  also  a  sensitive 
and  impressible  people,  —  and  that  influence  has  from  the 
first  been  wholesome,  genial,  and  conciliatory;  tending  to 
form  a  generous  public  sentiment,  unalloyed  by  local  preju- 
dice ;  and  thus  to  prove,  amidst  causes  of  alienation  and 
estrangement, 

"  A  hoop  of  gold  to  bind  our  brothers  in." 

To  Mr.  Irving  must  be  awarded,  as  has  just  been  stated 
by  the  distinguished  eulogist  of  the  evening,  the  credit  of 
being  the  first  entirely  successful  American  author.  The 
state  of  our  literature  when  he  came  forward  —  rather,  I 
should  say,  the  almost  total  want  of  everything  that  could 
be  called  an  American  literature  —  entitles  him  to  this  praise. 
Not  so  much  a  country  as  the  germ  of  a  country,  the  entire 
population  of  the  United  States,  at  the  close  of  the  war  of 
the  Revolution  not  equalling  that  of  the  State  of  New  York 
at  the  present  day,  —  your  imperial  city,  Mr.  Bryant  has  in- 
formed us,  not  numbering,  probably,  more  than  twenty  thou- 
sand inhabitants  when  Mr.  Irving  was  born,  —  there  never 
was  a  period  in  our  history  when  literature  stood  at  so  low 
an  ebb.  The  literary  culture  which  our  fathers  brought  from 
Europe  was  mostly  of  a  theological  character,  and,  as  far  as 
general  literature  was  concerned,  there  had  been  a  decline 
rather  than  advancement.  The  pioneers  of  civilization, 
struggling  under  the  difficulties  of  colonial  life,  —  though  in 
many  respects  they  did  wonders,  —  could  not  work  miracles, 
and  it  would  have  been  a  miracle  if  they  had  made  inde- 
pendent progress  in  polite  literature.  The  community  could 
not  be  expected  to  keep  itself  au  conrant  with  the  intel- 
lectual progress  of  Europe.  Controlling  circumstances  in 
the  Revolutionary  age  —  I  mean  from  the  Stamp  Act  down 
to  the  Constitution  —  forced  the  mental  energy  of  the  country 
into  political  channels.  In  the  department  of  organic  and 
constitutional  politics,  and  in  political  history,  some  works  of 
great  ability  were  produced ;  but  of  a  native  literature,  prop- 
erly so  called,  there  was  next  to  nothing.     Books  we  got  only 


BIRTHDAY    OF    WASHINGTON    IRVING.  259 

by  importation  ;  those  copies  of  Spenser,  the  Spectator,  and 
Goldsmith,  to  which  Mr.  Bryant  has  alluded,  all  came  from 
London ;  neither  these  nor  the  other  classics  of  our  language 
were  republished  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic.  I  do  not 
remember  that  the  works  of  any  one  of  the  great  English 
authors  had  been  reprinted  in  America.  Possibly  some  en- 
terprising bookseller  in  the  large  cities  had  ventured  at  an 
edition  of  "  Pope's  Essay  on  Man,"  or  "  Young's  Night 
Thoughts  " ;  but,  with  some  trifling  exceptions  of  this  kind, 
my  remark,  I  believe,  will  be  found  to  hold  true.  Toward 
contemporary  English  literature  there  was  the  same  indif- 
ference. Boswell's  Johnson,  of  which  Lord  Macaulay  says 
that  "  it  is  read  beyond  the  Mississippi  and  under  the  South- 
ern Cross,  and  is  likely  to  be  read  as  long  as  the  English 
exists,  either  as  a  living  or  a  dead  language,"  —  the  most 
delightful  of  books  by  the  most  despicable  of  authors,  —  a 
book  which  would  be  republished  at  the  present  day  in  this 
country,  before  the  sheets  were  dry  from  the  English  press, 
appeared  in  England  in  1791,  and  was  not  reprinted  in  Amer- 
ica till  1807.  In  that  selfsame  year,  at  the  darkest  hour 
which  preceded  the  dawn  of  our  national  literature,  the  first 
purple  gleam  of  Irving's  fancy  began  to  blush  in  the  east. 
Soon  as  the  sky  was  seen  to  redden  and  glow  with  the  com- 
ing splendors,  hope  and  expectation  strained  their  waiting 
eyes  toward  the  gracious  sight,  and  anon  the  sun  of  his  re- 
splendent genius  arose,  with  healing  in  his  wings,  and  moved 
with  steadfast  glory  up  to  the  meridian.  There,  like  the  sun 
on  Gibeon,  it  stood  still,  —  a  long  and  gladsome  noon,  —  shed- 
ding light  and  joy  through  the  world  of  letters,  till  it  went 
down  at  length  with  unclouded  beams  to  the  golden  west. 
His  fame  and  his  favor  grew  with  the  growth  and  strength- 
ened with  the  strength  of  the  country.  His  early  produc- 
tions were  the  favorites  of  the  club-room  and  the  fireside,  when 
we  counted  some  seven  millions  of  population,  in  1807-1809, 
and  those  mostly  this  side  of  the  Ohio.  His  Life  of  Colum- 
bus and  Life  of  Washington  have  been  received  as  classics 
by  four  times  that  number,  whose  overflow  has  spread  to  the 
Pacific    Ocean.     The   most  popular  of    our  writers   in   his 


260  BIRTHDAY    OF    WASHINGTON    IRVING. 

youth,  when  there  were  none  to  contest  the  palm,  he  led, 
with  cheerfully  acknowledged  superiority  the  rapidly  increas- 
ing company  of  names  not  unworthy  to  be  classed  with  his 
own,  and  went  down  to  his  grave  in  his  well-earned,  undis- 
puted, unenvied  pre-eminence. 

Such  he  was  to  his  countrymen  as  an  American  writer ; 
nor  was  his  career  less  distinguished  as  a  member  of  the 
great  republic  of  European,  and  especially  of  English  letters. 
Milton  observed,  two  centuries  ago,  that  "the  Italians  were 
not  forward  to  bestow  written  encomiums  on  men  of  this 
side  of  the  Alps."  It  might  be  said  with  equal  truth  fifty 
years  ago,  if  not  now,  that  the  English  were  not  forward  to 
bestow  written  encomiums  on  men  of  this  side  of  the  Atlan- 
tic. It  must  be  owned,  however,  that,  at  the  beginning  of 
this  century,  there  had  not  been  many  occasions  to  put  their 
liberality  in  this  respect  to  the  test.  About  the  time  that 
Mr.  Irving's  career  began,  it  had  been  asked,  rather  invidiously 
than  unjustly,  by  a  kind-hearted  humorist,  who  really  loved 
America,  "  "Who  reads  an  American  book  ?  "  Thanks  to  the 
pen  of  our  accomplished  countryman,  the  question  was  soon 
reversed ;  and  after  the  publication  of  the  "  Sketch  Book," 
it  might  with  equal  propriety  have  been  asked,  "  Who  does 
not  read  an  American  book  ?  " 

Mr.  Irving,  however,  went  abroad  at  the  most  unfavorable 
moment  at  which  an  American  author  could  present  himself 
before  the  British  public.  To  the  general  prejudice  to  which 
I  have  alluded,  and  all  the  traditional  sources  of  anti- Amer- 
ican feeling  connected  with  recollections  of  the  Revolution, 
were  superadded  the  irritations  of  a  recent  war.  Of  all  lit- 
erary adventurers,  a  Young  American,  writing  for  bread, 
seemed  the  least  likely  to  gain  a  favorable  ear  in  London. 
Even  if  there  were  no  obstacles  of  this  kind  to  be  surmounted, 
Mr.  Irving's  arrival  in  Europe  coincided  with  the  palmy  days 
of  Scott,  Byron,  Moore,  Campbell,  Rogers,  Coleridge,  and 
Wordsworth.  But,  with  the  calm  self-reliance  of  sterling  mer- 
it, he  fearlessly  entered  the  Olympian  race  with  these  illustrious 
rivals.  He  entered  it  unknown  to  the  great  English  public, 
with  but  one  or  two  friends  among  the  literary  magnates  of 


BIRTHDAY    OF    WASHINGTON    IRVING.  261 

the  day.  But,  with  courage  set  off  by  unaffected  diffidence 
he  guided  his  glowing  axle  along  the  imperial  course.  A 
shout  of  generous  applause  soon  cheered  the  gallant  stranger ; 
the  brightest  eyes  in  England  rained  influence  on  his  noble 
adventure ;  more  than  one  of  the  veteran  candidates  for  pub- 
lic favor  dropped  successively  behind  him  in  the  race,  and  he 
wheeled  his  panting  coursers  in  triumph  to  the  goal,  abreast 
of  the  most  admired  of  his  competitors. 

It  would  be  highly  presumptuous  in  me,  sir,  after  what 
has  been  said  by  the  distinguished  eulogist  of  the  evening, 
and  the  other  gentlemen  who  have  preceded  me,  to  pursue  in 
any  detail  the  noble  career  of  our  honored  and  lamented  friend. 
Happy  in  his  genius,  happy  in  the  early  bloom  of  his  reputa- 
tion at  home,  happy,  I  will  say,  in  his  misfortunes,  which 
drove  him  for  life  into  the  literary  career,  happy  in  the  suc- 
cess of  his  miscellaneous  writings,  he  was  thrice  happy  in 
the  choice  of  the  subjects  of  his  two  great  historical  compo- 
sitions. One  might  ask,  What  theme  so  auspicious  for  the 
most  popular  American  writer,  at  the  meridian  of  his  fame, 
as  the  Life  of  Columbus,  had  he  not  found  for  his  later  years 
a  still  more  auspicious  theme  in  the  Life  of  Washington  ? 
What  unexampled  felicity,  not  only  to  accompany  the  great 
Discoverer  as  he  went  forth  "  weeping  but  bearing  precious 
seed,"  but  also  to  "  come  again  with  rejoicing,"  at  the  even- 
ing of  the  year,  "  bearing  the  full-grown  sheaves  "  of  the  Fa- 
ther of  his  Country !  How  favored  the  life  beyond  all  ordinary 
measures  of  human  happiness,  —  opening  with  the  year 
which  gave  a  recognized  national  existence  to  the  country,  — 
consecrated  by  the  benediction  of  Washington  on  his  infant 
head,  —  the  chief  of  the  men  of  letters  of  his  own  country  at 
home,  and  their  accredited  representative  abroad,  —  and  per- 
mitted to  rehearse,  to  all  coming  time,  the  wondrous  tale  of 
a  hidden  world,  called  forth  by  the  glorious  Adventurer  from 
behind  the  veil  of  waters,  and  the  still  more  wondrous,  still 
more  glorious  tale  of  that  peerless  name,  in  which  all  the 
blessings,  and  hopes,  and  destinies  of  that  new-found  world 
flowered  out  in  the  loveliness  of  their  consummation. 

There  is  yet  one  happiness  in  the  life  of  Irving  that  must 


262  BIRTHDAY    OF    WASHINGTON    IRVING. 

not  be  forgotten,  —  I  mean  that  he  was  permitted  to  enjoy 
while  living,  in  all  its  amplitude  and  without  deduction,  his 
world-wide  reputation.  So  cheerful,  so  unanimous  a  recog- 
nition of  contemporary  merit  has,  perhaps,  never  been  wit- 
nessed. Success,  fame,  affluence,  political  advancement, — 
things  rarely  forgiven  to  the  candidate  for  public  favor,  — 
raised  up  no  enemies  to  him.  No  one  envied  his  good  for- 
tune, no  one  qualified  his  praise,  no  one  hated,  no  one  ma- 
ligned him.  Detraction  was  melted  into  kindness  by  the 
angelic  loveliness  of  his  character,  and  no  voice  but  that  of 
respect,  affection,  and  veneration  reached  his  ear.  So  he 
lived  and  so  he  died.  These  posthumous  honors  of  commem- 
oration are  but  the  echoes  of  those  you  delighted  to  pay  him 
while  he  sojourned  among  us;  and  the  chaplet  which  you 
reverently  place  upon  his  grave  you  wove  for  his  living  brow. 
What  can  be  added  to  the  happiness  of  such  a  life  and  such 
a  death  ? 


ELIOT  SCHOOL-HOUSE* 


Mr.  Mayor:  — 

I  have  cheerfully  accepted  your  invitation  to  attend  the 
dedication  of  this  noble  school-house,  and  I  suppose  there 
are  few  persons  present  who  have  so  much  reason  as  I  to 
take  an  interest  in  the  occasion ;  or,  at  any  rate,  that  there 
are  few  persons  present  who  can  take  the  same  interest  in  it. 
There  can,  I  take  it,  be  but  few  persons  in  the  assembly  who 
were  pupils  of  the  school  under  Master  Little  and  Master 
Tileston.  I  ought,  perhaps,  to  beg  pardon  of  "  Young  Amer- 
ica "  for  giving  that  old-fashioned  title  to  a  teacher.  At  that 
time  the  school  was  kept,  if  I  recollect  right,  in  a  wooden 
building  of  two  stories  in  height,  and  of  moderate  dimen- 
sions, —  the  reading-school  in  one  story  and  the  writing- 
school  in  the  other,  —  pupils  of  both  sexes  attending  from 
April  to  October,  and  boys  only  in  the  winter.  The  instruc- 
tion was  rather  meagre ;  in  fact,  there  could  hardly  be  said 
to  be  any  instruction,  in  the  proper  sense  of  the  word,  the 
business  of  the  school  being  limited  in  the  reading-school,  if 
I  mistake  not,  to  the  use  of  Webster's  Spelling-Book,  the 
American  Preceptor,  an  Abridgment  of  Murray's  English 
Grammar,  and  some  very  superficial  compend — Goldsmith's, 
I  believe — of  geography.  To  write  a  page  in  a  copy-book, 
and  to  do  a  few  sums,  as  it  was  called,  in  the  elementary 
rules  of  arithmetic,  was  half  a  day's  work  in  the  writing- 
school.  To  encourage  their  pupils,  the  teachers  of  those 
days  did  not  confine  themselves  to  moral  suasion  so  much  as 
now;    the    ratan    and    ferule  played  a  pretty  active  part  in 

*  Remarks  at  the  dedication  of  the  Eliot  Sfhool-House  in  North  Bennet 
Street,  22d  December,  1859. 


264  ELIOT    SCHOOL-HOUSE. 

illustrating  the  importance  of  good  behavior    and  studious 
application  to  the  business  of  the  school. 

In  speaking,  however,  of  the  narrow  range  of  the  studies 
in  our  grammar  schools,  at  that  time,  I  would  not  be  thought 
to  disparage  the  elemental  branches  of  education.   ,1  mean 
only  that,  in  consequence  of  the  imperfect  methods,  and  the 
low  standard  of  instruction  in  our  schools  at  that  day,  four  or 
five  years  were  devoted  to  the  acquisition  of  an  amount  of 
learning  which,  with  improved   methods    and  teachers   of  a 
higher  order,  could  have  been  acquired  in  two.     These  ele- 
mental branches  themselves  —  reading,  writing,  and  arithmetic 
—  I  consider    all  important ;   worthy  even  of  greater  atten- 
tion and  more  thoughtful  cultivation  than  they  receive  even 
at  present,  and  capable  of  being  carried  to  a  considerably 
higher  degree  of  excellence.     There  is  really  nothing  which 
we   learn  in  after  life  which,  philosophically  considered,  is 
more  important,  more  wonderful,  I  will  say,  than  reading.     I 
mean,  sir,  that  there  is  no  single  branch    of  knowledge  — 
nay,  not  all  the  branches  united  —  which  are  taught  at  acad- 
emies and  colleges  more  important,  more  wonderful,  than  this 
astonishing  operation,  by  which  we  cast  our  eyes  over  a  page 
of  white  paper,  charged  with  certain  written  or  printed  black 
marks,  and  straightway  become  acquainted  with  what  was 
done  and  said  on  the  other  side  of  the  Atlantic  a  month  ago ; 
nay,  what  was  done  and  said  in  Rome,  in  Greece,  in  Palestine, 
two,  three  thousand  years  ago  !     And  yet  this  is  what  we  do 
when  we  learn  to  read. 

Then,  sir,  besides  the  mere  ability  to  read,  which  we  all 
acquire  at  school,  there  is  the  faculty  of  reading  with 
expression,  grace,  power,  in  a  word,  with  effect,  —  a  talent 
which  constitutes  a  most  admirable  resource  for  the  enter- 
tainment and  instruction  of  the  fireside,  and  renders  all 
public  occasions  and  exercises  that  consist  in  whole  or  in 
part  of  reading  vastly  more  agreeable  and  impressive.  To 
the  art  of  reading,  in  this  acceptation,  more  attention  ought, 
in  my  opinion,  to  be  paid  in  our  grammar  schools.  It  is  of 
far  greater  importance,  to  the  majority  of  those  educated  in 
our  schools  than  the  art  of  speaking.     The  very  able  Report 


ELIOT    SCHOOL-HOUSE.  265 

of  the  School  Committee  for  1858  contains  the  strong  remark, 
that  "  no  civilized  nation,  at  the  present  day,  is  so  deficient 
in  agreeable  and  finished  speech  as  our  own  " ;  and  I  know 
no  better  way  in  which  this  defect  is  to  be  remedied  than  by 
skilful  training  and  unremitted  practice  in  reading  in  our 
grammar  schools. 

Nor  are  the  other  elemental  branches  of  education — writing 
and  arithmetic  —  less  important  than  reading.  Here  I  must  do 
an  act  of  justice  to  our  aged  instructor  in  writing,  Master 
Tileston,  who,  if  he  did  not  do  much  else  for  us,  certainly 
laid  the  foundation  for  that  beautiful  old-fashioned  hand- 
writing, without  flourishes,  and  sometimes  almost  equal  to 
copperplate,  which  I  think  you  do  not  so  often  see  now-a-days. 
Perhaps  I  am  mistaken,  sir ;  I  intend  no  disparagement  of 
the  schools  of  the  present  day,  teachers  or  pupils ;  but  as 
far  as  I  can  form  an  opinion  from  the  facts  that  fall  within 
my  own  observation,  a  good  many  of  our  young  people  have 
got  it  into  their  heads  that  it  is  a  mark  of  genius  to  write  an 
illegible  hand.  For  myself,  sir,  I  shall  ever  feel  grateful  to 
the  memory  of  Master  Tileston  for  having  deprived  me  in 
early  life  to  all  claim  to  distinction  which  rests  upon  writing 
a  hand  which  nobody  can  read. 

As  for  the  importance  of  arithmetic,  —  the  science  of  num- 
bers, —  I  will  only  say,  that,  while  in  its  higher  developments 
and  functions  it  enables  man,  with  his  limited  powers,  to 
sound  the  mysterious  depths  of  space  and  time,  in  its  rudi- 
mental  stages  and  simpler  applications  it  is  the  mainspring 
of  the  business  of  life.  A  man  wants  a  little  arithmetic  to 
go  to  market  for  his  dinner ;  and  with  the  help  of  a  little 
more,  promptly  and  accurately  applied,  business  to  the  amount 
of  millions  is  daily  transacted  in  State  Street. 

With  these  views  of  the  elementary  branches  of  education, 
you  will  not  think  that  I  intended  any  disparagement  of  the 
schools  of  my  younger  days,  when  I  said  that  they  taught 
nothing  but  a  little  reading,  writing,  and  arithmetic. 

Since  those  days,  sir,  the  system  of  Boston  has  been  vastly 
improved.  It  has  literally  grown  with  our  growth,  and 
strengthened  with  our  strength.     In  1800  the  population  of 


266  ELIOT    SCHOOL-HOUSE. 

Boston  was  24,937 ;  it  is  now  165,000.  At  that  time,  and 
till  1818,  there  were  no  primary  schools,  and  but  seven  gram- 
mar schools,  taught  by  seven  masters  and  seven  ushers.  One 
of  these,  the  Latin  School,  in  which,  at  the  present  day,  as 
good  an  education  can  be  obtained  as  in  half  the  colleges  in 
the  United  States,  had  at  that  time  but  a  nominal  existence. 
There  are  now  in  the  city  of  Boston,  and,  as  I  suppose,  all 
in  prosperous  condition,  one  Latin  School,  one  High  School, 
one  Normal  School,  eighteen  grammar  schools,  and  two 
hundred  and  eighteen  primary  schools.  In  1800  the  entire 
town  tax  in  Boston  was  $  61,499.25,  of  which  $  11,100.85 
went  to  the  schools.  In  1858  the  entire  tax  assessed  in 
Boston  was  $  2,140,616.36,  and  the  cost  for  schools  and  school- 
houses  the  present  year  is  $  460,000,  within  a  few  dollars ;  a 
larger  expenditure,  I  am  inclined  to  think,  in  proportion  to 
the  number  and  property  in  the  city,  than  is  raised  by  taxa- 
tion by  any  other  city  in  the  world. 

I  rejoice,  sir,  that  the  people  of  Boston  have  the  means 
which  enable  them,  and  the  disposition  which  inclines  them, 
to  make  this  munificent  expenditure  for  objects  so  worthy. 
In  half  the  countries  on  the  face  of  the  earth  we  should  have 
to  make  it  for  military  fortifications  and  standing  armies.  I 
speak  as  a  tax-payer,  and  one  who,  like  most  persons  in  that 
class,  is  disposed  to  think  himself  too  heavily  taxed;  but 
there  is  no  part  of  the  public  expenditure  of  which  I  pay 
my  share  so  willingly  as  that  which  goes  for  the  support  of 
our  free  schools.  I  have  no  longer  any  interest  in  them  per- 
sonally ;  my  children  have  grown  up ;  but  when  they  were 
boys  I  sent  them  to  the  public  schools.  In  them  I  received 
the  greater  part  of  my  own  school  education.  These  schools 
are  one  of  the  main  pillars  of  our  social  edifice,  and  one  of 
the  very  earliest  that  was  set  up.  This  very  school,  founded 
originally  in  1713,  and  neither  the  first,  second,  nor  third,  in 
respect  to  the  time  of  its  foundation,  of  the  Boston  schools, 
attests  the  early  care  paid  by  our  fathers  to  the  education 
of  youth.  It  gives  me  pleasure  to  come  back,  as  I  do  this 
day,  to  the  scenes  of  my  boyhood,  and  to  witness  the  vast 
improvement  which  has  taken  place  during  the   half-century. 


ELIOT    SCHOOL-HOUSE.  267 

If  the  rising  generations,  with  these  superior  opportunities, 
do  not  much  exceed  their  fathers,  they  will  be  greatly  to 
blame. 

I  tender  to  you,  Mr.  Mayor,  to  the  Committee,  and  to  the 
teachers  and  pupils  of  the  Eliot  School,  my  best  wishes  for 
its  continued  prosperity. 


HENRY    D.    GILPIN* 


Mr.  President  :  — 

At  the  meeting  of  the  Society  on  the  20th  of  January  I 
expressed  the  apprehension  that  we  should  soon  be  called  to 
lament  the  loss  of  a  distinguished  honorary  associate,  —  Mr. 
Gilpin  of  Philadelphia,  —  of  whose  health  I  had  received 
by  telegraph  a  very  unfavorable  account  in  the  course  of  that 
day.  This  melancholy  anticipation  was  realized  a  day  or  two 
afterwards.  Having  had  the  privilege  of  proposing  him,  in 
the  course  of  the  past  year,  as  an  associate  whose  election 
would  do  honor  to  the  Historical  Society,  and  having  enjoyed 
his  friendship  for  many  years,  I  feel  it  a  duty  to  submit  to  the 
Society  an  appropriate  tribute  of  respect  to  his  memory. 

If  we  can,  with  propriety,  use  such  an  expression  of  the 
resigned  and  tranquil  close  of  an  honored  and  useful  life, 
the  death  of  Mr.  Gilpin,  under  the  age  of  sixty,  was  prema- 
ture; but  it  found  him  prepared.  In  his  own  parting  words, 
he  died  "  at  peace  with  God  and  man."  Born  and  educated 
in  Philadelphia,  he  adopted  the  law  as  his  profession,  and  rose 
rapidly  to  eminence  in  its  practice.  While  yet  a  young  man, 
he  was  appointed  District  Attorney  of  the  United  States ; 
and  afterwards  Solicitor  of  the  Treasury,  and  Attorney- Gen- 
eral. He  sustained  himself  honorably  at  the  most  important 
forum  in  the  country  in  these  eminent  positions,  sometimes 
in  opposition  to  the  most  distinguished  counsel  of  the  day. 
No  interest  confided  to  him  ever  suffered  in  his  hands  for 
want  of  ability  or  attention  on  his  part ;  while  to  the  utmost 
energy  and  firmness  in  the  discharge  of  duty  he  added  an 
unfailing  gentleness  and  courtesy  of  manner.     While  he  filled 

*  Remarks  made  at  a  stated  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  So- 
ciety, 9th  February,  1860. 


HENRY    D.    GILPIN.  269 

the  office  of  District  Attorney,  he  published  a  volume  of 
reports  of  cases  adjudicated  in  the  court  of  which  he  was  an 
officer ;  and  he  afterwards  made  a  collection  of  the  opinions 
of  the  attorneys-general,  from  the  foundation  of  the  govern- 
ment to  the  year  1841.  He  also,  about  the  same  time,  ren- 
dered a  very  important  service  to  the  constitutional  literature 
of  the  country  by  a  careful  and  conscientious  collation  and 
edition  of  the  "  Madison  Papers."  No  publication  within  my 
knowledge,  issued  under  the  auspices  of  the  government  of 
the  United  States,  has  been  more  judiciously  and  skilfully 
prepared  for  the  press. 

Mr.  Gilpin,  although  eminently  successful  in  his  profes- 
sional and  political  career,  appeared  to  be  wholly  destitute  of 
political  ambition ;  and,  retiring  in  early  manhood  from  all 
public  occupations,  devoted  himself  to  the  gratification  of 
more  congenial  tastes.  He  had  always  cultivated  letters,  as 
his  favorite  recreation  from  professional  toil;  and  hencefor- 
ward gave  himself  almost  exclusively  to  literary  pursuits. 
He  had  been,  from  an  early  period,  a  successful  and  a  popu- 
lar writer  in  the  leading  periodicals  of  the  day,  including  the 
Quarterly  Reviews.  He  wrote  several  of  the  articles  in 
the  original  edition  of  the  "  Biographies  of  the  Signers  of  the 
Declaration  of  Independence " ;  and  the  second  edition  of 
that  work  was  published  under  his  supervision,  with  large 
additions.  He  also  wrote  biographical  notices  of  several 
distinguished  contemporaries ;  among  others,  of  Mr.  Living- 
ston, Mr.  Forsyth,  and  Mr.  Silas  Wright.  His  discourses  and 
addresses  on  various  public  occasions  are  among  the  most 
valuable  performances  of  the  kind ;  always  admirably  writ- 
ten, discriminating,  full  of  fact,  and  in  good  taste.  His 
"  Address  on  the  Life  and  Character  of  Franklin,"  delivered  at 
Philadelphia  a  few  years  since,  contains  one  of  the  most  judi- 
cious and  instructive  discussions  of  the  entire  career  of  our 
great  countryman  which  has  ever  appeared. 

In  the  possession  of  ample  .means,  Mr.  Gilpin  bestowed  a 
liberal  expenditure  on  the  formation  of  a  library.  His  collec- 
tion consisted  of  twelve  or  fifteen  thousand  well-selected 
volumes,  in  the  various  departments  of  general  literature.     It 


270  HENRY   D.    GILPIN. 

was  a  library,  not  of  bibliographical  rarities,  but  of  books  for 
use ;  and  he  was  as  well  acquainted  with  their  contents  as 
any  man  can  be  with  the  contents  of  a  library  of  that  size. 
He  was  among  the  most  finished  classical  scholars  in  the 
country;  and  his  shelves  contained  the  best  editions  of 
the  ancient  authors,  which  he  read  systematically  and  with 
care.  He  collected  maps,  charts,  and  plans  of  cities,  with 
great  diligence  ;  always,  in  his  travels,  procuring  the  best  arti- 
cles of  that  kind  :  and,  where  nothing  already  published  was 
to  be  had,  he  occasionally,  in  order  to  complete  a  series, 
caused  original  drawings  and  sketches  to  be  made. 

Mr.  Gilpin's  taste  for  the  fine  arts  had  been  carefully  culti- 
vated by  the  study  of  the  best  works  at  home  and  abroad. 
His  residence  was  tastefully  adorned  with  valuable  works  of 
painting  and  statuary.  He  was  well  acquainted  with  the 
characteristic  merits  of  the  great  masters,  which  he  had  dili- 
gently observed  in  Europe.  He  took  much  interest  in  the 
progress  of  art  at  home ;  and  was  the  President  of  the  Penn- 
sylvania Academy  of  Fine  Arts,  giving  much  time  to  the 
management  of  its  affairs. 

He  was  an  active  member  and  a  Vice-President  of  the 
Pennsylvania  Historical  Society,  and  had  explored  several 
branches  of  local  antiquity  with  great  diligence.  He  was 
especially  conversant  with  the  political  history  of  the  United 
States ;  having  added  to  a  large  acquaintance  with  the  public 
men  of  the  day  the  diligent  perusal  of  every  standard  work 
in  that  department.  In  all  his  studies,  the  grasp  of  a  very 
retentive  memory  was  strengthened  by  great  method  in  the 
arrangement  and  disposition  of  his  books  and  papers. 

Mr.  Gilpin  had  formed  intimate  personal  relations  with 
some  of  the  most  eminent  statesmen  of  the  day.  He  was 
especially  in  the  confidence  of  the  late  distinguished  jurist, 
Mr.  Livingston,  who,  if  I  mistake  not,  in  preparing  his 
"  Code,"  and  the  Reports  illustrating  it,  more  than  once  re- 
sorted to  Mr.  Gilpin's  stores  of  professional  knowledge,  as 
well  as  to  his  amply  furnished  library.  There  were  few  sub- 
jects of  literary,  scientific,  or  professional  inquiry  on  which 
important   original  views  might  not  be  gathered  from   his 


HENRY    D.     GILPIN.  271 

conversation  or  correspondence ;  and  few  persons,  I  presume, 
were  more  frequently  consulted  in  this  way  by  their  friends. 

A  few  years  ago  Mr.  Gilpin  made  an  extensive  tour  in 
Europe  and  Western  Asia.  No  American  within  my  ac- 
quaintance has  ever  gone  abroad  better  qualified  to  travel  to 
advantage,  or  has  returned  with  a  richer  store  of  personal 
observation.  Acquainted  beforehand  with  all  that  books 
teach  of  the  objects  deserving  attention,  he  devoted  to  the 
discriminating  inspection  of  what  is  really  important  that 
time  which,  under  the  dictation  of  ignorant  couriers,  is  wasted 
by  so  many  travellers  in  vain  curiosity-hunting  and  tasteless 
sight-seeing. 

Mr.  Gilpin  took  an  enlightened  interest  in  the  subject  of 
education,  and  especially  in  the  Girard  College,  of  which  he 
was  an  active  and  efficient  director.  In  frequent  visits  to 
Philadelphia  within  the  last  few  years,  I  had  abundant  oppor- 
tunity to  become  acquainted  with  the  minute  and  truly  pa- 
rental care  with  which  he  watched  over  that  institution,  not 
merely  in  matters  of  general  administration,  but  with  kindly 
sympathy  with  the  individual  inmates  in  their  progress. 

It  would  be  hardly  proper  before  a  public  body  to  speak  of 
Mr.  Gilpin  in  the  relations  of  private  life,  further  than  to  say, 
that  he  might  be  cited  as  a  model  son,  brother,  husband,  and 
friend ;  unsurpassed  in  the  courtesies  which  make  the  charm 
of  social  intercourse,  and  convert  even  a  passing  visit  into  a 
substantial  enjoyment. 

Mr.  Gilpin  left  a  handsome  fortune.  The  provisions  of  his 
will,  executed  a  short  time  before  his  death,  have  been  made 
public,  and  show  that,  after  obeying  in  the  amplest  manner 
the  impulses  of  affection  and  duty,  he  contemplated  munifi- 
cent and  permanent  endowments  of  the  public  institutions 
with  which  he  was  connected.  The  grave  has  rarely  closed 
over  a  character  of  such  great  and  varied  excellence ;  and  his 
death  is  a  loss  not  merely  to  Philadelphia,  but  to  the  whole 
country. 

I  beg  leave  to  offer  the  following  resolutions :  — 

Resolved,  That  the  members  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Soci- 
ety have  received  with  becoming  sensibility  the  melancholy  tidings  of 


272  HENEY    D.    GILPIN. 

the  decease  of  their  honorary  associate,  Henry  D.  Gilpin,  Esq.,  Vice- 
President  of  the  Historical  Society  of  Pennsylvania,  President  of  the 
Pennsylvania  Academy  of  Fine  Arts,  and  a  Director  of  the  Girard 
College  at  Philadelphia. 

Resolved,  That  the  various  and  distinguished  accomplishments  of 
Mr.  Gilpin  as  a  jurist,  a  statesman,  and  a  scholar ;  his  numerous  and 
valuable  contributions  to  the  historical  and  miscellaneous  literature  of 
the  country ;  his  eminent  services  as  a  friend  and  patron  of  education, 
of  the  fine  arts,  and  the  benevolent  institutions  of  the  community ; 
and  his  recognized  character  as  an  enlightened  and  public-spirited 
citizen,  —  entitle  him  to  an  honored  place  among  the  illustrious  dead  of 
the  past  twelvemonth,  and  will  cause  his  name  to  be  held  in  respectful 
and  grateful  remembrance. 

Resolved,  That  a  copy  of  these  resolutions  be  transmitted  to  the 
family  of  our  lamented  associate,  with  the  assurance  of  the  sincere 
sympathy  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society  in  their  bereave- 
ment. 


AMERICAN  EXPEDITION  TO  THE  ARCTIC  SEA  * 


Ladies  and  Gentlemen  :  — 

We  are  assembled  this  evening  to  listen  to  such  com- 
munication as  may  be  made  to  us  by  Dr.  Isaac  I.  Hayes, 
on  the  subject  of  a  new  exploring  expedition  to  the  polar 
regions,  which  he  proposes,  with  the  necessary  co-operation 
of  his  fellow-citizens,  to  organize  and  conduct.  It  is  not 
necessary  that  I  should  introduce  Dr.  Hayes  to  an  audience 
like  this,  in  the  city  of  Boston,  or  urge  his  claim  on  your 
attention.  To  all  who  have  read  the  account  of  Dr.  Kane's 
second  voyage  (and  who  has  not  read  it?)  he  is  well  known 
as  his  associate  on  that  memorable  expedition ;  and  the 
important  part  which  be  bore  in  its  labors  and  perils  is  more 
fully  set  forth  in  his  own  fascinating  volume,  recently  pub- 
lished, containing  the  account  of  his  boat  journey  in  the 
autumn  of  1854,  from  Dr.  Kane's  station  in  Rensselaer 
Harbor  to  Upernavik  in  Greenland.  Influenced  by  that 
generous  enthusiasm  and  devotion  to  the  cause  of  science 
which  prompted  him  originally  to  engage  in  the  field  of 
Arctic  adventure,  guided  by  the  observations  and  experience 
of  his  former  voyage,  he  is  now,  and  for  some  time  has  been, 
engaged  in  organizing  another  expedition,  in  the  hope  and 
confident  expectation  of  reaching  the  North  Pole. 

It  would  be  on  my  part  an  unseasonable  anticipation 
of  what  you  will  presently  hear,  to  much  greater  advantage, 
from  Dr.  Hayes  himself,  if  I  should  attempt  to  dwell  mi- 
nutely on  the  reasons  which  lead  him  to  entertain  this  con- 
fident expectation  and  hope.     It  may  be  sufficient  to  state, 

*  Remarks  on  taking  the  chair  at  a  meeting  held  at  the  Lowell  Institute, 
8th  May,  1860,  on  Dr.  Hayes's  proposed  expedition  to  the  Arctic  Sea. 
VOL.  IV.  18 


274    AMERICAN    EXPEDITION    TO    THE    ARCTIC    SEA. 

that,    though    he    does    not  wholly    depend    upon    that  fact 
for  the   success  of  his   attempt,  he  considers    the  discovery 
of   an   open   polar  sea,  made  by  Dr.    Kane's   expedition,  as 
a  fact  definitely  established  by  observation,  and  one  known 
to  be  in  accordance  with  all,  or  nearly  all,  the  phenomena 
of  the  region,  —  the  current  flowing  southward, — the  Gulf 
Stream,  of  which  the  force  is  not  wholly  expended  even  in 
these  high  latitudes,  pouring  its  waters  of  a  highly  elevated 
temperature  into  it,  —  the  flight  of  birds  northward,  in  search 
of  a  breeding-place,  —  and  the  superficial  extent  of  the  basin 
itself,  leading  necessarily  to  the   conclusion  that,  if  it  is  a 
sea,  it  is  an  open  one,  inasmuch  as  its  width  must  be  one 
fifth  greater  than  that  of  the  Atlantic  between  Newfoundland 
and  the  Irish  coast.     Extending  in  a  northeastern  direction 
from  Baffin's  Bay  is  Smith's  Strait,  and  still  farther  onward 
northerly,    Kennedy    Channel.      Dr.    Kane    passed   the   win- 
ter of  1854  and  1855  on  the  easterly  side  of  this  channel, 
upon   the  western   coast  of    Greenland,  in  latitude  78°  40', 
in   a  place  where,   owing  to   the   lay   of  the   land   and  the 
direction  of  the  currents,  it  was  a  matter  of  necessity  that 
he    should   be    blocked   in   by   the    ice,   with   the  imminent 
risk   of  being   prevented   from    moving   in    either   direction. 
While    the    "Advance"    was    locked    up    there,    Dr.    Hayes 
made  an  excursion   across  the  strait  to  the  opposite  shore, 
being  the  eastern  coast  of  Grinnell  Land.     Here,  in  conse- 
quence of  the  lay  of  the  land  and  the  range  of  the  currents, 
he  found  an  open  passage  northward,  and  a  desirable  harbor 
to  winter  in.     Leaving  his  vessel  at  this  point,  and  advancing 
as  far  north  as  possible  with  sledges,  he  now  calculates  upon 
being  able  to   penetrate   the   belt  of  ice,  and  to   launch  in 
a  boat  upon  the  circumpolar  sea. 

It  will  no  doubt  seem  to  many  who  hear  me  that  this 
is  a  very  dangerous  expedition.  Dr.  Hayes  does  not  so 
regard  it,  and  he  speaks  from  the  experience  of  two  Arctic 
winters.  But  there  is,  no  doubt,  hardship  to  be  encountered 
and  risk  to  be  incurred.  Dr.  Hayes  is  not  asking  us  to  bear 
those  hardships  and  brave  those  dangers.  He  is  not  calling 
us  to  leave  our  comfortable  homes,  our  temperate  latitudes, 


AMERICAN    EXPEDITION    TO    THE    ARCTIC    SEA.    275 

our  warm  houses,  and  anthracite  fires.  He  asks  us  only, 
while  we  are  enjoying  these  luxuries,  to  assist  him  in  his 
attempt  to  go  and  struggle  with  the  rolling  glaciers  and 
the  icy  blasts  of  the  pole.  The  danger,  however,  is  probably 
less  than  we  suppose.  Of  twenty-eight  or  thirty  expeditions 
to  the  polar  regions,  one  only  has  proved  really  disastrous. 
Most  of  them  contributed  something  to  the  discovery  of 
a  northwest  passage,  which  was  finally  accomplished  by 
McClure.  One  or  two  vessels  have  been  crushed,  five  or 
six  abandoned,  most  of  them,  as  the  event  showed,  unneces- 
sarily ;  but,  with  the  exception  of  the  gallant  Franklin  and 
his  unfortunate  company,  few  have  perished  in  the  cause; 
and  men  may  perish  anywhere,  in  any  cause.  The  first 
time  I  crossed  the  little  branch  on  which  Bladensburgh 
stands,  in  the  neighborhood  of  Washington,  I  was  told 
that  a  sailor,  just  returned  from  a  whaling  voyage,  was 
drowned  the  week  before,  while  fording  it  in  the  stage-coach. 
The  French  Admiral  Du  Pettit-Thouars  came  home  from 
a  three  years'  cruise  in  1842,  and  was  roasted  alive,  with 
ninety  others,  in  the  railroad  cars  between  Paris  and  Ver- 
sailles, in  open  day,  —  a  greater  number,  probably,  than  have 
perished  in  all  the  Arctic  expeditions  with  the  exception 
of  that  of  Franklin.  Of  all'  the  persons  engaged  in  those 
expeditions,  those  who  since  their  return  have  died  quietly 
in  their  beds  no  doubt  exceed  in  number,  a  hundred-fold, 
those  who  perished  on  the  voyage. 

It  may  be  asked  what  good  the  expedition  will  do,  even 
if  successful,  and  the  answer  will  depend  upon  our  ideas 
of  good.  It  will  not  probably  be  productive  of  any  com- 
mercial or  political  advantage.  If  Dr.  Hayes  should  reach 
the  pole,  it  will  create  no  new  market  for  our  staple  products 
or  manufactures.  We  shall  not  trade  with  it,  —  we  shall 
not  annex  it ;  though  I  won't  answer  for  that.  But  the 
only  "good"  which  deserves  the  name  is  the  enjoyment 
of  virtuous  happiness  by  rational  beings,  and  among  the 
purest  sources  of  this  enjoyment  is  the  investigation  and 
discovery  of  truth.  To  such  investigation  and  discovery 
an  Arctic  voyage   opens  a  wide  field.     The  question  itself 


276    AMERICAN    EXPEDITION    TO    THE    ARCTIC    SEA. 

of  an  open  polar  sea  has  been  pronounced  by  Professor 
Bache  "the  great  geographical  question  of  the  day."  The 
physical  geography  of  land  and  water  in  this  region, — 
the  Arctic  fauna  and  flora,  —  the  tides,  the  oceanic  currents, 
the  glaciers,  the  magnetic  and  auroral  phenomena,  the 
ethnological  relations  of  the  northernmost  inhabited  regions, 
—  these  are  all  fields  of  inquiry,  in  which  a  rich  harvest 
of  facts  is  yet  to  be  reaped.  And  whenever  we  have  reached 
a  fact  in  the  boundless  domain  of  inquiry,  we  have  grasped 
a  link  in  that  chain  of  truth  which  binds  all  nature  to  the 
throne  of  the  Supreme.  No  power  of  man  can  break  it, 
no  foresight  predict  how  far,  how  high,  it  may  guide  us. 
It  may  be  a  fact  established  on  alpine  summits,  or  in  the 
depths  of  cheerless  mines,  —  the  telescope  may  bring  it  down 
from  the  highest  heavens,  the  sounding  lead  may  draw  it 
from  the  bottom  of  the  sea,  —  the  thoughtful  spirit  may 
evolve  it  from  the  inmost  chambers  of  its  own  conscious- 
ness,—  in  whatsoever  region,  from  the  equator  to  the  pole,  it 
may  be  revealed  to  the  observing  eye  or  the  reasoning 
mind,  it  is  a  page  in  that  "  elder  scripture  writ  by  God's 
own  hand." 


SANITARY   CONVENTION* 


The  Mayor  proposed  the  following  toast :  — 

"  The  Memory  of  Washington,  the  great  Sanitarian,  who  converted 
thirteen  complaining  Colonies  into  States  blessed  with  a  good  Consti- 
tution." 

This  sentiment  was  received  with  acclamation  ;  and  Mr. 
Everett,  being  called  upon  to  respond,  spoke  substantially  as 
follows. 

Mr.  Mayor  and  Gentlemen  of  the  Sanitary  Convention  :  — 
I  should  feel  ashamed  to  respond  to  a  toast  in  honor 
of  that  peerless  name,  did  I  not  bear  in  mind  that  it  is  one 
to  which  nothing  can  be  added  by  the  skill  of  the  eulogist, 
from  which  nothing  can  be  detracted  by  his  inability  to  do 
it  justice.  You  have  fittingly  commemorated  him  before  this 
company,  in  the  character  of  a  great  Healer  of  the  State. 
He  was  called  in  when  the  body  politic  was  in  a  most  peril- 
ous condition,  requiring  for  its  treatment  the  utmost  courage 
and  judgment.  The  State  pharmacopoeia  afforded  no  anaes- 
thetic agent  to  soothe  the  pangs  of  the  sufferer,  nothing  but 
heroic  remedies  and  capital  operations  would  serve,  and 
the  alternative  was  kill  or  cure.  The  toast,  Mr.  Mayor,  that 
you  have  proposed  proclaims  the  auspicious  result.  You 
have  also  reminded  our  friends  that  we  are  assembled  on  the 
eve  of  the  anniversary  of  that  memorable  conflict,  the  first 
pitched  battle  of  the  Revolution,  which  has  immortalized  the 
heights  of  our  sister  city  of  Charlestown.  Before  this  com- 
pany it  is  proper  to  remember  that  the  hero  of  that  day,  the 

*  Remarks  at  the  dinner  of  the  Sanitary  Convention  in  Boston,  19th  June, 
1860. 


278  SANITARY    CONVENTION. 

illustrious  Warren,  was,  not  figuratively,  but  in  deed  and  in 
fact,  a  physician. 

I  have  much  regretted,  Mr.  Mayor,  that  other  engagements 
have  prevented  my  attending  the  meetings  of  the   Conven- 
tion, except  for  a  short  time  this  morning,  for  I  regard  them 
as  closely  connected  with  the  public  good.     The  aggregate 
results  of  the  deliberations  of  such  a  body,  well  designated 
by  the  name  of  "  State  medicine,"  or  "  State  hygiene,"  of 
which  his   Excellency  has  not   exaggerated  the  importance, 
are  closely  connected  with  health,  morals,  and  all  the   great 
social  interests.     It  has  been  said  that  "  eternal  vigilance  is 
the  price   of  liberty "  ;  it  is   not   less  certainly  the  price  of 
health,  alike  in  town  and  country ;  for  it  is,  in  my  opinion, 
an  error,  though  a  prevalent  one,  that  the  laws  of  health  are 
better  observed  in  village  than  in  city  life.     Although  born 
in  the  country,  and  much  attached  to  rural  life,  as  far  as  my 
observation  has  gone,  the  active  causes  of  disease,  which  it  is 
in  the  power  of  man  to  remove  or  mitigate,  are  by  no  means 
unknown  in  our  villages  and  hamlets.     The  necessities  of 
commerce,  it  is  true,  bring  together  greater  masses  of  people 
in   limited   localities;    the    growth   of  the   city  takes  place 
gradually,  and  rarely  on  a  judiciously  prearranged  plan  ;  no 
provision  is  made  at  the  outset  for  effective  drainage ;  venti- 
lation  is   out  of  the   question   in    noisome   alleys   and   blind 
courts;    land  becomes  immensely  valuable,  till   avarice   tri- 
umphs over  conscience,  and  human  beings  are  packed  togeth- 
er, not  so  much  to  live  as  to  die.     This  subject  is  so  well 
treated  in  Dr.  Viele's  instructive  report  to  your  Convention, 
that  further  illustration  is  unnecessary.      For  some   of   the 
sanitary  evils  of  large  towns  there  is  no  remedy  but  in  the 
moral  sentiment  of  the  community ;  but,  in  reference  to  mor- 
al sentiment,  as  well  as  to  the  proper  province  of  legislation,  a 
body  like  this,  holding  its  meetings  periodically,  in  different 
sections  of  the  country,  cannot  but  be  of  great  importance 
in  diffusing  information  on  every  subject  connected  with  the 
public  health,  and  dragging  notorious  abuses  to  the  light  of 
day. 

Your  investigations  on  the  subject  of  contagious  disease, 


SANITARY    CONVENTION.  279 

and  the  appropriate  sphere  and  limits  of  quarantine  restric- 
tions, are  of  great  public  interest,  The  times  are  indeed 
gone  by  when  those  names  of  terror  —  leprosy,  plague,  sweat- 
ing sickness,  and  small-pox  —  periodically  spread  their  alarm 
through  the  civilized  world,  demoralizing  society  while  they 
prevailed,  not  less  by  the  dismay  that  marched  in  their  van 
than  by  the  destruction  of  life  which  followed  in  their  train. 
Of  one  of  these  dismal  maladies,  the  small-pox,  the  terror 
still  lives  in  our  recent  historical  traditions.  It  was  more 
than  once  a  chief  cause  of  anxiety  in  the  American  Revo- 
lution. For  a  time  it  paralyzed  the  besieging  army  before 
Boston  in  1775.  The  ablest  of  the  Massachusetts  officers, 
after  the  death  of  Warren,  —  and  like  him,  too,  a  physician, — 
General  Thomas,  was  cut  off  by  small-pox  in  Canada,  in  the 
spring  of  1776.  Men  hesitated  between  the  remedy  and  the 
disease.  Virginia,  as  late  as  1769,  had  forbidden  the  practice 
of  inoculation  by  law  ;  and  General  Washington,  writing  to 
Governor  Patrick  Henry  on  the  subject  of  small-pox,  says : 
"  It  is  more  destructive  to  an  army  in  the  natural  way  than 
the  enemy's  sword,  and  I  shudder  whenever  I  reflect  upon 
the  difficulties  of  keeping  it  out."  Happily  the  beloved 
chieftain  himself  was  safe.  On  a  voyage  to  Barbadoes  in 
his  youth  he  had  the  small-pox  in  the  natural  way,  so  that, 
though  the  army  was  smitten,  his  own  invaluable  life  was 
not  exposed  to  the  infection. 

Small-pox,  by  the  immortal  discovery  of  Jenner,  has  been 
robbed  of  its  necessary  terrors ;  for  though  vaccination  may 
not  be  so  complete  a  remedy  as  was  once  supposed,  the  graver 
disease  has  ceased  to  be  a  subject  of  popular  panic.  But  a 
single  generation  only  has  passed  since  the  alarm  of  cholera. 
Much  was  done  and  observed  at  that  time  to  show  that  san- 
itary measures  had  more  to  do  in  mitigating  the  ravages  of 
the  disease  than  medical  treatment.  How  much  anxiety  and 
distress  would  have  been  spared,  and,  what  is  still  more  im- 
portant, how  much  predisposition  to  disease  been  avoided, 
had  enlightened  sanitary  views  of  the  nature  of  contagion 
prevailed  at  that  time  as  they  do  now !  My  honored  friend, 
the  president  of  your  convention  at  its  present  session  (Dr. 


280  SANITARY    CONVENTION. 

Bigelow),  in  his  luminous  testimony  before  our  legislative 
committee,  the  other  day,  on  the  subject  of  the  prevailing 
epidemic  among  the  cattle,  mentioned  some  things  within 
his  own  experience  in  the  cholera  time,  which  he  thought 
would  not  readily  find  a  parallel  in  the  dark  ages.  I  think, 
sir,  I  can  go  a  little  beyond  him,  in  what  fell  within  my  own 
experience  at  the  same  time.  It  was  in  the  month  of  July, 
1832.  Congress  adjourned  on  the  16th ;  on  Friday,  the  20th,  I 
arrived  with  my  family  —  three  adults  and  four  young  chil- 
dren —  at  Jersey  City,  then  a  very  inconsiderable  place,  and 
furnishing  but  scanty  accommodations  for  strangers.  The 
regular  communication  between  New  York  and  the  East 
had  ceased ;  no  boat  returned  from  Providence  on  Saturday. 
Several  members  of  Congress,  with  their  families,  were,  like 
myself,  detained  at  Jersey  City,  and  as  the  panic  was  rapidly 
spreading,  and  threatened  to  cut  off  all  travel  by  land  as  well 
as  water,  the  state  of  things  was  of  no  little  concern  and 
gravity. 

On  Saturday,  the  21st,  partly  to  while  away  the  weary 
hours,  partly  from  a  desire  to  see  a  great  city  under  visitation 
of  a  fearful  epidemic,  I  determined  to  cross  over  to  New  York. 
The  ferry-boat  still  plied  occasionally  in  the  course  of  the  day. 
I  had  read  the  account  of  the  plague  at  Athens  by  Thucy- 
dides,  of  that  of  Florence  by  Boccaccio,  of  that  of  London 
by  De  Foe;  I  was  .desirous  of  seeing  our  own  great  me- 
tropolis under  similar  circumstances.  Concealing  from  my 
family  and  friends  the  cause  of  my  disappearance,  I  crossed 
the  ferry  and  walked  through  Cortlandt  Street  far  up  Broad- 
way. There  was  a  greater  life  and  movement  in  the  streets 
than  I  expected  to  find,  but  it  was  still  a  most  mournful 
sight.  Business  seemed  almost  wholly  at  a  stand ;  more  than 
half  the  population  had  gone  into  the  country ;  many  houses 
and  shops  were  shut  up ;  ready-made  coffins  were  exposed 
at  every  corner.  It  happened  to  be  the  day  of  the  greatest 
mortality;  two  hundred  and  twelve  persons  died  that  day. 
The  cold  gripe  of  Death  was  upon  the  heart  of  the  great  city  ; 
terror  aggravated  the  ravages  of  disease ;  and  all  the  energy, 
the  resource,  the  vitality  of  the  mighty  metropolis  quailed 


SANITARY    CONVENTION.  281 

for  a  time  before  the  pestilence  that  walketh  in  darkness  and 
the  destruction  that  wasteth  at  noonday.  It  was  a  sight 
never  to  be  forgotten. 

The  Franklin  came  back  from  Providence  on  Sunday,  with 
orders  not  to  return  till  Tuesday.  We  were  able,  through 
the  kindness  of  a  friend,  C.  A.  Davis,  Esq.,  in  the  direction  of 
the  company,  to  cause  her  to  be  despatched  on  Monday. 
We  had  a  beautiful  night  on  the  Sound ;  the  exhilarating  air 
of  the  sea  put  all  thought  of  infection  at  defiance.  We 
were  not,  however,  permitted  to  land  at  Newport,  and  we 
learned  that  the  same  prohibition  would  be  enforced  at  Prov- 
idence. After  anxious  counsel  we  entered  Taunton  River, 
and  anchored  off  Somerset,  the  frontier  town  of  Massachu- 
setts in  that  quarter.  Here  we  procured  a  visit  by  a  respect- 
able physician  from  Fall  River,  who  gave  us  a  clean  bill  of 
health.  Fortified  with  this,  we  obtained  the  permission  of 
the  selectmen  of  Somerset  to  land  within  the  limits  of  that 
township.  We  sent  to  Providence  for  carriages,  which 
reached  us  late  in  the  day,  and  we  then  landed,  drove  through 
the  cornfields  of  Somerset  and  across  Seekonk  plains  to 
Providence  turnpike.  It  was  now  near  midnight,  and  we 
had  been  without  refreshment  since  an  early  breakfast.  The 
landlord  of  the  public  house  at  which  we  stopped  refused  to 
admit  us,  "  because  we  had  come  from  the  boat."  I  at- 
tempted to  get  in  at  the  window,  in  the  hopes  of  finding  a 
cup  of  milk  for  the  little  ones,  but  he  set  a  mastiff  upon  me. 
We  were  compelled  to  drive  on,  unrefreshed,  to  Attleborough. 
There,  at  a  house  kept  by  Mr.  Perkins,  we  stopped.  As  soon 
as  we  had  aroused  the  inmates,  and  made  known  our  sad 
plight,  the  door  was  thrown  wide  open;  the  best  the  house 
afforded  was  set  before  us ;  a  comfortable  cup  of  tea  and 
good  beds  make  us  forget  the  hard  experience  of  the  day; 
and  in  the  morning  the  bill  for  the  whole  party,  three  adults 
and  four  children,  was,  if  I  remember  rightly,  a  dollar  and  a 
quarter!  Mr.  Mayor,  I  do  not  know  whether  my  humble 
name  will  be  remembered  long  after  I  am  gone ;  but  if  it  is, 
I  wish  the  name  of  that  good  Samaritan  may  be  remem- 
bered with  it.     I  recollect  the  name  of  the  other  man  who 


2$-2  SANITARY    CONVENTION. 

had  the  mastiff,  but  I  will  not  tell  it.  I  dare  say  he  acted  up 
to  his  light.  His  inhospitality  (as  Lord  Bacon  said  of  taking 
bribes)  was  vitium  cevi  non  hominis ;  the  fault,  not  of  the 
individual,  but  of  the  times.  He  wanted  to  protect  his  chil- 
dren, perhaps,  from  what  he  thought  the  danger  of  contagion, 
as  I  wished  to  get  a  cup  of  milk  for  mine.  We  drove  on, 
refreshed  and  cheerful,  to  Polly's  at  Walpole,  one  of  those 
admirable  New  England  country  taverns  of  which  only  the 
memory  is  left,  and  there  we  got  an  excellent  breakfast, 
although  "  the  neighbors  complained  "  of  our  worthy  landlord 
"  for  admitting  people  who  had  come  from  the  boat." 

I  have  told  you,  sir,  this  rather  long  story,  to  show  how 
important  it  is  to  the  very  existence  of  the  social  system, 
which  melts  away  under  the  influence  of  panic,  that  enlight- 
ened views  on  subjects  of  this  kind  should  prevail.  I  have 
no  doubt  that  the  periodical  meetings  of  this  convention 
will  do  much  to  propagate  them  throughout  the  country. 
Nor  will  this  be  their  only  beneficial  effect.  There  is  a  health 
of  the  body  politic  as  well  as  of  the  body  natural.  It  requires 
for  its  preservation  harmony  and  kind  feeling  among  the  mem- 
bers of  the  great  confederate  system.  Who  can  doubt  that 
this  desirable  state  of  things  will  be  greatly  promoted, 
while  from  year  to  year  three  hundred  of  the  most  distin- 
guished and  patriotic  members  of  the  faculty  are  called  in 
consultation,  from  the  remotest  corners  of  the  Republic,  to 
lend  their  powerful  and  kindly  influence  in  strengthening  the 
bonds  of  union? 


VINDICATION   OF   AMERICAN   INSTITUTIONS.* 


Eighty-four  years  ago  this  day,  the  Anglo-American 
Colonies,  acting  by  their  delegates  to  the  Congress  at 
Philadelphia,  formally  renounced  their  allegiance  to  the 
British  Crown  and  declared  their  Independence.  We  are 
assembled,  fellow-citizens,  to  commemorate  the  Anniversary 
of  that  great  day,  and  the  utterance  of  that  momentous 
Declaration.  The  hand  that  penned  its  mighty  sentences, 
and  the  tongue  which,  with  an  eloquence  that  swept  all 
before  it,  sustained  it  on  the  floor  of  the  Congress,  ceased 
from  among  the  living,  at  the  end  of  half  a  century,  on  the 
same  day,  almost  at  the  same  hour,  thirty-four  years  ago. 
The  last  survivor  of  the  signers,  Charles  Carroll,  of  Carrol- 
ton,  closed  his  venerable  career  six  years  later;  and  of  the 
generation  sufficiently  advanced  in  life  to  take  a  part  in 
public  affairs  on  the  4th  of  July,  1776,  how  few  are  living 
to  hail  this  eighty-fourth  anniversary!  They  are  gone,  but 
their  work  remains.  It  has  grown  in  interest  with  the  lapse 
of  years,  beginning  already  to  add  to  its  intrinsic  importance 
those  titles  to  respect  which  time  confers  on  great  events 
and  memorable  eras,  as  it  hangs  its  ivy  and  plants  its  mosses 
on  the  solid  structures  of  the  past,  —  and  we  are  now  come 
together  to  bear  our  testimony  to  the  day,  the  deed,  and  the 
men.  We  have  shut  up  our  offices,  our  warehouses,  our 
workshops,  we  have  escaped  from  the  cares  of  business, 
may  I  not  add  from  the  dissensions  of  party,  from  all  that 
occupies  and  all  that  divides  us,  to  celebrate,  to  join  in 
celebrating,  the  birthday  of  the  nation,  with  one  heart  and 

*  Oration  delivered  before  the  city  authorities  of  Boston,  on  the  Fourth 
of  July,  1860,  at  the  celebration  of  the  eighty-fourth  anniversary  of  American 
Independence. 


284      VINDICATION    OF    AMEEICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

with  one  voice.  We  have  come  for  this  year,  1860,  to  do 
our  part  in  fulfilling  the  remarkable  prediction  of  that  noble 
son  of  Massachusetts,  John  Adams,  —  who,  in  the  language 
of  Mr.  Jefferson,  was  "the  Colossus  of  Independence, — the 
pillar  of  its  support  on  the  floor  of  Congress."  Although  the 
Declaration  was  not  adopted  by  Congress  till  the  fourth  of 
July  (which  has  therefore  become  the  day  of  the  anniver- 
sary), the  resolution  on  which  it  was  founded  passed  on 
the  second  instant.  On  the  following  day  accordingly,  John 
Adams,  in  a  letter  to  his  wife,  says :  "  Yesterday  the  greatest 
question  was  decided  that  was  ever  debated  in  America,  and 
greater  perhaps  never  was  nor  will  be  decided  among  men. 
A  resolution  was  passed  without  one  dissenting  Colony,  that 
these  United  States  are  and  of  right  ought  to  be  Free  and 
Independent  States."  Unable  to  restrain  the  fulness  of  his 
emotions,  in  another  letter  to  his  wife,  but  of  the  same  date, 
naturally  assuming  that  the  day  on  which  the  resolution  was 
passed  would  be  the  day  hereafter  commemorated,  he  bursts 
out  in  this  all  but  inspired  strain  :  — 

"  The  day  is  passed ;  the  second  day  of  July,  1776,  will  be  the  most 
memorable  epocha  in  the  History  of  America.  I  am  apt  to  believe 
that  it  will  be  celebrated  by  succeeding  generations  as  the  great 
Anniversary  Festival.  It  ought  to  be  commemorated  as  the  day  of 
deliverance  by  solemn  act  of  devotion  to  God  Almighty.  It  ought 
to  be  solemnized  with  pomp  and  parade,  —  with  shows,  games,  sports, 
guns,  bells,  bonfires,  and  illuminations,  from  one  end  of  this  Continent 
to  the  other,  from  this  time  forward  forevermore ! 

"You  will  think  me  transported  with  enthusiasm,  but  I  am  not. 
I  am  well  aware  of  the  toil  and  blood  and  treasure,  that  it  will  cost 
us  to  maintain  this  Declaration  and  support  and  defend  these  States. 
Yet  through  all  the  gloom,  I  can  see  the  rays  of  ravishing  light  and 
glory.  I  can  see  that  the  end  is  more  than  worth  all  the  means ;  and 
that  posterity  will  triumph  in  that  day's  transaction,  even  although 
we  should  rue  it,  —  which  I  trust  in  God  we  shall  not." 

The  time  which  has  elapsed  since  the  great  event  took 
place  is  so  considerable, —  the  national  experience  which  has 
since  accrued  is  so  varied  and  significant,  —  the  changes  in 
our   condition    at    home    and    our   relations    abroad    are    so 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       285 

vast,  as  to  make  it  a  natural  and  highly  appropriate  subject 
of  inquiry,  on  the  recurrence  of  the  Anniversary,  how  far 
the  hopeful  auguries  with  which  our  Independence  was  de- 
clared have  been  fulfilled.  Has  "  the  gloom  "  which,  in  the 
language  of  Adams,  shrouded  the  4th  of  July,  1776,  given 
way  on  this  4th  of  July,  1860,  "  to  those  rays  of  ravishing 
light  and  glory"  which  he  predicted?  Has  "the  end,"  as 
he  fondly  believed  it  would  do,  proved  thus  far  to  be  "  more 
than  worth  all  the  means "  ?  Most  signally,  so  far  as  he 
individually  was  concerned.  He  lived  himself  to  enjoy  a 
more  than  Roman  triumph,  in  the  result  of  that  day's  trans- 
action ;  to  sign  with  his  brother  envoys  the  treaty  of  peace 
by  which  Great  Britain  acknowledged  the  independence 
of  her  ancient  Colonies ;  to  stand  before  the  British  throne, 
the  first  representative  of  the  newly  constituted  Republic; 
and,  after  having  filled  its  second  office  in  connection  with 
him  who,  whether  in  peace  or  in  war,  could  never  fill  any 
place  but  the  first,  —  in  office  as  in  the  hearts  of  his  country- 
men,—  he  lived  to  succeed  to  the  great  Chief,  and  closed 
his  honored  career,  as  the  elective  Chief  Magistrate  of  those 
United  States,  whose  independence  he  had  done  so  much 
to  establish;  with  the  rare  additional  felicity  at  the  last 
of  seeing  his  son  elevated  to  the  same  station. 

But  the  life  of  an  individual  is  but  a  span  in  the  life 
of  a  Nation ;  the  fortunes  of  individuals,  for  good  or  for 
evil,  are  but  as  dust  in  the  balance,  compared  with  the 
growth  and  prosperitv  or  the  decline  and  fall  of  that  srreatest 

d  lit/  O 

of  human  Personalities,  a  Commonwealth.  It  is,  therefore, 
a  more  momentous  inquiry,  whether  the  great  design  of 
Providence,  with  reference  to  our  beloved  country,  of  which 
we  trace  the  indications  in  the  recent  discovery  of  the  con- 
tinent, the  manner  of  its  settlement  by  the  civilized  races 
of  the  earth,  the  Colonial  struggles,  the  establishment  of 
Independence,  the  formation  of  a  constitution  of  republican 
government,  and  its  administration  in  peace  and  war  for 
seventy  years,  —  I  say,  it  is  a  far  more  important  inquiry 
whether  this  great  design  of  Providence  is  in  a  course  of 
steady   and    progressive    fulfilment,  —  marked    only    by   the 


286       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

fluctuations,  ever  visible  in  the  march  of  human  affairs, — 
and  authorizing  a  well-grounded  hope  of  further  develop- 
ment, in  harmony  with  its  auspicious  beginnings,  —  or 
whether  there  is  reason,  on  the  other  hand,  to  fear  that 
our  short-lived  prosperity  is  already  (as  misgivings  at  home 
and  disparagement  abroad  have  sometimes  whispered)  on 
the  wane,  —  that  we  have  reached,  that  we  have  passed,  the 
meridian,  —  and  have  now  to  look  forward  to  an  evening 
of  degeneracy,  and  the  closing  in  of  a  rayless  and  hopeless 
night  of  political  decline. 

You  are  justly  shocked,  fellow-citizens,  at  the  bare  state- 
ment of  the  ill-omened  alternative ;  and  yet  the  inquiry 
seems  forced  on  us  by  opinions  that  have  recently  been 
advanced  in  high  places  abroad.  In  a  debate  in  the  House 
of  Lords,  on  the  19th  of  April,  on  a  question  relative  to 
the  extension  of  the  elective  franchise  in  England  (the 
principle  which  certainly  lies  at  the  basis  of  representative 
government),  the  example  of  the  United  States,  instead 
of  being  held  up  for  imitation  in  this  respect,  as  has  gener- 
ally been  the  case,  on  the  subject  of  popular  reforms,  was 
referred  to  as  showing  not  the  advantages  but  the  evils 
of  an  enlarged  suffrage.  It  was  emphatically  asserted  or 
plainly  intimated  by  the  person  who  took  the  lead  in  the 
debate  (Earl  Grey),  the  son  of  the  distinguished  author 
of  the  bill  for  the  Reform  of  Parliament,  whose  family 
traditions  therefore  might  be  expected  to  be  strongly  on 
the  side  of  popular  right,  that,  in  the  United  States,  since 
the  Revolutionary  period,  and  by  the  undue  extension  of 
the  right  of  suffrage,  our  elections  have  become  a  mockery, 
our  legislatures  venal,  our  courts  tainted  with  party  spirit, 
our  laws  "  cobwebs,"  which  the  rich  and  poor  alike  break 
through,  and  the  country,  and  the  government  in  all  its 
branches,  given  over  to  corruption,  violence,  and  a  general 
disregard  of  public  morality. 

If  these  opinions  are  well  founded,  then  certainly  we 
labor  under  a  great  delusion  in  celebrating  the  National 
Anniversary.  Instead  of  joyous  chimes  and  merry  peals, 
responding  to  the  triumphant  salvos  which  ushered  in  the 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       287 

day,  the  Fourth  of  July  ought  rather  to  be  commemorated 
by  funeral  bells,  and  minute-guns,  and  dead  marches; 
and  we,  instead  of  assembling  in  this  festal  hall  to  con- 
gratulate each  other  on  its  happy  return,  should  have  been 
better  found  in  sackcloth  and  ashes  in  the  house  of  penitence 
and  prayer. 

I  believe  that  I  shall  not  wander  from  the  line  of  remark 
appropriate  to  the  occasion,  if  I  invite  you  to  join  me  in 
a  hasty  inquiry,  whether  these  charges  and  intimations  are 
wetl  founded;  whether  we  have  thus  degenerated  from 
the  standard  of  the  Revolutionary  age ;  whether  the  salutary 
checks  of  our  system  formerly  existing  have,  as  is  alleged, 
been  swept  away,  and  our  experiment  of  elective  self-govern- 
ment has  consequently  become  a  failure  ;  whether,  in  a  word, 
the  great  design  of  Providence,  to  which  I  have  alluded, 
in  the  discovery,  settlement,  political  independence,  and 
national  growth  of  the  United  States  has  been  prematurely 
arrested  by  our  perversity ;  or  whether,  on  the  contrary,  that 
design  is  not — with  those  vicissitudes,  and  drawbacks,  and 
human  infirmities  of  character,  and  uncertainties  of  fortune, 
which  beset  alike  the  individual  man  and  the  societies  of 
men,  in  the  Old  World  and  the  New  —  in  a  train  of  satis- 
factory, hopeful,  nay,  triumphant  and  glorious,  fulfilment. 

And  in  the  first  place  I  will  say,  that,  in  my  judgment, 
great  delicacy  ought  to  be  observed  and  much  caution 
practised  in  these  disparaging  commentaries  on  the  consti- 
tution, laws,  and  administrations  of  friendly  states ;  and 
especially  on  the  part  of  British  and  American  statesmen 
in  their  comments  on  the  systems  of  their  two  countries, 
between  which  there  is  a  more  intimate  connection  of 
national  sympathy  than  between  any  two  other  nations. 
I  must  say  that,  as  a  matter  both  of  taste  and  expediency, 
these  specific  arraignments  of  a  foreign  friendly  country  had 
better  be  left  to  the  public  press.  Without  wishing  to 
put  any  limit  to  free  discussion,  or  to  proscribe  any  ex- 
pression of  the  patriotic  complacency  with  which  the  citizens 
of  one  country  are  apt  to  assert  the  superiority  of  their 
own  systems  over  those  of  all  others,  it  appears  to  me  that 


288       VINDICATION    OF    AMEBICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

pungent  criticisms  on  the  constitutions  and  laws  of  foreign 
states,  and  their  practical  operation,  supported  by  direct 
personal  allusions  to  those  called  to  administer  them,  are 
nearly  as  much  out  of  place  on  the  part  of  the  legislative 
as  of  the  executive  branch  of  a  government.  On  the  part 
of  the  latter,  they  would  be  resented  as  an  intolerable  insult ; 
they  cannot  be  deemed  less  than  offensive  on  the  part  of  the 
former. 

If  there  were  no  other  objection  to  this  practice,  it  would 
be  sufficient,  that  its  direct  tendency  is  to  recrimination ; 
a  warfare  of  reciprocal  disparagement,  on  the  part  of  con- 
spicuous members  of  the  legislatures  of  friendly  states.  It  is 
plain  that  a  parliamentary  warfare  of  this  kind  must  greatly 
increase  the  difficulty  of  carrying  on  the  diplomatic  dis- 
cussions, which  necessarily  occur  between  states  whose 
commercial  and  territorial  interests  touch  and  clash  at  so 
many  points ;  and  the  war  of  words  is  but  too  well  adapted 
to  prepare  the  public  mind  for  more  deplorable  struggles. 

Let  me  further  also  remark,  that  the  suggestion  which 
I  propose  to  combat,  namely,  that  the  experiment  of  self-gov- 
ernment on  the  basis  of  an  extensive  electoral  franchise  is 
substantially  a  failure  in  the  United  States,  and  that  the 
country  has  entered  upon  a  course  of  rapid  degeneracy  since 
the  days  of  Washington,  is  not  only  one  of  great  antecedent 
improbability,  but  it  is  one  which,  it  might  be  expected, 
our  brethren  in  England  would  be  slow  to  admit.  The 
mass  of  the  population  was  originally  of  British  origin, 
and  the  additional  elements,  of  which  it  is  made  up,  are 
from  the  other  most  intelligent  and  improvable  races  of 
Europe.  The  settlers  of  this  continent  have  been  prov- 
identially conducted  to  it,  or  have  grown  up  upon  it,  within 
a  comparatively  recent  and  highly  enlightened  period,  name- 
ly, the  last  two  hundred  and  fifty  years.  Much  of  it  they 
found  lying  in  a  state  of  nature,  with  no  time-honored 
abuses  to  eradicate ;  abounding  in  most  of  the  physical 
conditions  of  prosperous  existence,  and  with  few  drawbacks 
but  those  necessarily  incident  to  new  countries,  or  insep- 
arable from  human  imperfection.     Even  the  hardships  they 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       289 

encountered,  severe  as  they  were,  were  well  calculated  to 
promote  the  growth  of  the  manly  virtues.  In  this  great 
and  promising  field  of  social  progress,  they  have  planted, 
in  the  main,  those  political  institutions,  which  have  approved 
themselves  in  the  experience  of  modern  Europe,  and  espe- 
cially of  England,  as  most  favorable  to  the  prosperity  of 
a  state,  —  free  representative  governments ;  —  written  con- 
stitutions and  laws,  greatly  modelled  upon  hers,  especially 
the  trial  by  jury;  —  a  free  and  a  cheap,  and  consequently 
all-pervading  press ;  —  responsibility  of  the  ruler  to  the  peo- 
ple ;  liberal  provision  for  popular  education ;  and  very  general 
voluntary  and  bountiful  expenditure  for  the  support  of 
religion.  If,  under  these  circumstances,  the  people  of 
America,  springing  from  such  a  stock,  and  trained  in  such 
a  school,  have  failed  to  work  out  a  satisfactory  and  a  hope- 
ful result ;  and  especially  if,  within  the  last  sixty  years  (for 
that  is  the  distinct  allegation)  and  consequently  since,  from 
the  increase  of  numbers,  wealth,  and  national  power,  all 
the  social  forces  of  the  country  have,  for  good  or  evil,  been 
in  higher  action  than  ever  before,  there  has  been  such 
marked  deterioration  that  we  are  now  fit  to  be  held  up, 
not  as  a  model  to  be  imitated,  but  as  an  example  to  be 
shunned,  —  not  for  the  credit  but  for  the  discredit  of  popular 
institutions, — then,  indeed,  the  case  must  be  admitted  to 
be  a  strange  phenomenon  in  human  affairs,  —  disgraceful, 
it  is  true,  in  the  highest  degree  to  us,  —  not  reflecting  credit 
on  the  race  from  which  we  are  descended,  —  nor  holding 
out  encouragement  anywhere  for  the  adoption  of  liberal 
principles  of  government.  If  there  is  any  feeling  in  England 
that  can  welcome  the  thought,  that  Americans  have  degen- 
erated, the  further  reflection  that  it  is  the  sons  of  Englishmen 
who  have  degenerated  must  chasten  the  sentiment.  If  there 
is  any  country  where  this  supposed  state  of  things  should 
be  readily  believed  to  exist,  surely  it  cannot  be  the  parent 
country.  If  there  is  any  place  where  such  a  suggestion 
should  find  ready  credence,  it  cannot  be  in  that  House 
of  Commons  where  Burke  uttered  those  golden  words : 
"  My  hold  of  the  Colonies  is  in  the  close  affection  which 
VOL.   iv.  19 


290       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

grows  from  common  names,  from  kindred  blood,  from  similar 
privileges,  and  equal  protection."  It  cannot  be  in  that 
House  of  Peers,  where  Chatham,  conscious  that  the  Colonies 
were  fighting  the  battle,  not  only  of  American  but  of  English 
liberty,  exclaimed,  with  a  fervor  that  almost  caused  the 
storied  tapestry  to  quicken  into  life,  "  I  rejoice  that  America 
has  resisted."  It  must  be  in  Venice,  it  must  be  in  Naples, 
or  wherever  else  on  the  face  of  the  earth  liberal  principles 
are  scoffed  at,  and  constitutional  freedom  is  known  to  exist, 
only  as  her  crushed  and  mangled  form  is  seen  to  twitch  and 
quiver  under  the  dark  pall  of  arbitrary  power. 

Before  admitting  the  truth  of  such  a  supposition,  in  itself 
so  paradoxical,  in  its  moral  aspects  so  mournful,  in  its 
natural  influence  on  the  progress  of  liberal  ideas  so  dis- 
couraging, let  us,  for  a  few  moments,  look  at  facts. 

The  first  object  in  the  order  of  events,  after  the  discovery 
of  America,  was,  of  course,  its  settlement  by  civilized  man. 
It  was  not  an  easy  task;  —  a  mighty  ocean  separated  the 
continent  from  the  elder  world ;  a  savage  wilderness  covered 
most  of  the  country;  its  barbarous  and  warlike  inhabitants 
resisted  from  the  first  all  coalescence  with  the  new-comers. 
To  subdue  this  waste,  —  to  plant  cornfields  in  the  primeval 
forest,  to  transfer  the  civilization  of  Europe  to  the  new 
world,  and  to  make  safe  and  sufficient  arrangements,  under 
political  institutions,  for  the  organized  growth  of  free  princi- 
ples,— was  the  great  problem  to  be  solved.  It  was  no 
holiday  pastime,  —  no  gainful  speculation,  —  no  romantic 
adventure ;  but  grim,  persistent,  weary  toil  and  danger. 
That  it  has  been  upon  the  whole  performed  with  wonderful 
success,  who  will  deny  ?  "Where  else  in  the  history  of  the 
world  have  such  results  been  brought  abont  in  so  short 
time  ?  And  if  I  desired,  as  I  do  not,  to  give  this  discussion 
the  character  of  recrimination,  might  I  not,  —  dividing  the 
period  which  has  elapsed  since  the  commencement  of  the 
European  settlements  in  America  into  two  portions,  namely, 
the  one  which  preceded  and  the  one  which  has  followed 
the  Declaration  of  Independence,  the  former  under  the  sway 
of  European  governments,  England,  Holland,  France,  Spain, 


VINDICATION     OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       291 

the  latter  under  the  government  of  the  independent  United 
States,  —  might  I  not  claim  for  the  latter,  under  all  the 
disadvantages  of  a  new  government  and  limited  resources, 
the  credit  of  greatly  superior  energy  and  practical  wisdom, 
in  carrying  on  this  magnificent  work  ?  It  was  the  inherent 
vice  of  the  colonial  system,  that  the  growth  of  the  American 
colonies  was  greatly  retarded  for  a  century,  in  consequence 
of  their  being  involved  in  all  the  wars  of  Europe.  There 
never  was  a  period,  on  the  other  hand,  since  Columbus 
sailed  from  Palos,  in  which  the  settlement  of  the  country 
has  advanced  with  such  rapidity  as  within  the  last  sixty 
years.  The  commencement  of  the  Revolution  found  us 
with  a  population  not  greatly  exceeding  two  millions;  the 
census  of  1800  a  little  exceeded  five  millions ;  that  of  the 
present  year  will  not  probably  fall  short  of  thirty-two  mil- 
lions. The  two  centuries  and  a  half  which  preceded  the 
Revolution  witnessed  the  organization  of  thirteen  Colonies, 
raised  by  the  Declaration  to  States,  to  which  the  period 
that  has  since  elapsed  has  added  twenty  more.  I  own  it 
has  filled  me  with  amazement  to  find  cities  like  Cincinnati 
and  Louisville,  Detroit,  Chicago,  and  St.  Louis,  not  to 
mention  those  still  more  remote,  on  spots  which  within 
the  memory  of  man  were  frontier  military  posts,  to  find 
railroads  and  electric  telegraphs  traversing  forests  in  whose 
gloomy  shades,  as  late  as  1789,  and  in  territories  not  more 
remote  than  the  present  State  of  Ohio,  the  wild  savage 
still  burned  his  captives  at  the  stake. 

The  desponding  or  the  unfriendly  censor  will  remind  me 
of  the  blemishes  of  this  tumultuous  civilization  ;  —  outbreaks 
of  frontier  violence  in  earlier  and  later  times;  acts  of  injustice 
to  the  native  tribes  (though  the  policy  of  the  government 
toward  them  has  in  the  main  been  paternal  and  conscien- 
tiously administered),  the  roughness  of  manners  in  infant 
settlements,  the  collisions  of  adventurers  not  yet  compacted 
into  a  stable  society,  deeds  of  wild  justice  and  wilder  in- 
justice, border  license,  lynch  law.  All  these  I  admit  and 
I  lament;  —  but  a  community  cannot  grow  up  at  once  from 
the    log-cabin,  with  the  wolf  at   the  door  and  the    savage 


292       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

in  the  neighboring  thicket,  into  the  order  and  beauty  of 
communities  which  have  been  maturing  for  centuries.  We 
must  remember,  too,  that  all  these  blemishes  of  an  infant 
settlement,  the  inseparable  accompaniment  of  that  stage 
of  progress  and  phase  of  society  and  life,  have  their  coun- 
terpart at  the  other  end  of  the  scale,  in  the  festering  in- 
iquities of  large  cities,  the  gigantic  frauds  of  speculation 
and  trade,  the  wholesale  corruption,  in  a  word,  of  older 
societies,  in  all  parts  of  the  world.  When  I  reflect  that  the 
diy  we  celebrate  found  us  a  feeble  strip  of  thirteen  Colonies 
along  the  coast,  averaging  at  most  a  little  more  than  150,000 
inhabitants  each ;  and  that  this,  its  eighty-fourth  return,  sees 
us  grown  to  thirty-three  States,  scattered  through  the  interior 
and  pushed  to  the  Pacific,  averaging  nearly  a  million  of  in- 
habitants, each  a  well-compacted  representative  republic, 
securing  to  its  citizens  a  larger  amount  of  the  substantial 
blessings  of  life  than  are  enjoyed  by  equal  numbers  of 
people  in  the  oldest  and  most  prosperous  states  of  Europe, 
I  am  lost  in  wonder;  and,  as  a  sufficient  answer  to  all 
general  charges  of  degeneracy,  I  am  tempted  to  exclaim, 
Look  around  you! 

But,  merely  to  fill  up  the  wilderness  with  a  population 
provided  with  the  ordinary  institutions  and  carrying  on  the 
customary  pursuits  of  civilized  life,  though  surely  no  mean 
achievement,  was  not  the  whole  of  the  work  allotted  to 
the  United  States,  and  thus  far  performed  with  signal  ac- 
tivity, intelligence,  and  success.  The  founders  of  America 
and  their  descendants  have  accomplished  more  and  better 
things.  On  the  basis  of  a  rapid  geographical  extension, 
and  with  the  force  of  teeming  numbers,  they  have,  in  the 
very  infancy  of  their  political  existence,  successfully  aimed 
at  higher  progress  in  a  generous  civilization.  The  mechan- 
ical arts  have  not  only  been  cultivated,  but  they  have  been 
cultivated  with  unusual  aptitude.  Agriculture,  manufac- 
tures, commerce,  navigation,  whether  by  sails  or  steam, 
and  the  art  of  printing  in  all  its  forms  and  in  all  its  applica- 
tions, have  been  pursued  with  surprising  skill.  Great  im- 
provements have  been  made  in  all  these  branches  of  industry, 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       293 

and  in  the  machinery  pertaining  to  them,  which  have  been 
eagerly  adopted  in  Europe.  A  more  adequate  provision 
has  been  made  for  popular  education,  the  great  basis,  hu- 
manly speaking,  of  social  improvement,  than  in  almost  any 
other  country.  I  believe  that  in  the  cities  of  Boston,  New 
York,  and  Philadelphia,  more  money,  in  proportion  to  the 
population,  is  raised  by  taxation  for  the  support  of  common 
schools,  than  in  any  other  cities  in  the  world.  There  are  more 
seminaries  in  the  United  States,  where  a  decent  academical 
education  can  be  obtained,  —  more,  I  still  mean  in  propor- 
tion to  the  population, — than  in  any  other  country  except 
Germany.  The  Fine  Arts  have  reached  a  high  degree 
of  excellence.  The  taste  for  music  is  rapidly  spreading 
in  town  and  country ;  and  every  year  witnesses  productions 
from  the  pencil  and  the  chisel  of  American  sculptors  and 
painters,  which  would  adorn  any  gallery  in  the  world.  Our 
Astronomers,  Mathematicians,  Naturalists,  Chemists,  En- 
gineers, Jurists,  Publicists,  Historians,  Poets,  Novelists,  and 
Lexicographers  have  placed  themselves  on  a  level  with 
their  contemporaries  abroad.  The  best  dictionaries  of  the 
English  language,  since  that  of  Johnson,  are  those  published 
in  America.  Our  constitutions,  whether  of  the  United 
States  or  of  the  separate  States,  exclude  all  public  provision 
for  the  maintenance  of  Religion,  but  in  no  part  of  Christen- 
dom is  it  more  generously  supported.  Sacred  Science  is 
pursued  as  diligently  and  the  pulpit  commands  as  high  a 
degree  of  respect  in  the  United  States,  as  in  those  countries 
where  the  Church  is  publicly  endowed ;  while  the  American 
Missionary  operations  have  won  the  admiration  of  the  civil- 
ized world.  Nowhere,  I  am  persuaded,  are  there  more 
liberal  contributions  to  public-spirited  and  charitable  objects, 
—  witness  the  remarkable  article  on  that  subject,  the  second 
of  the  kind,  by  Mr.  Eliot,  in  the  last  number  of  the  North 
American  Review.  Our  charitable  asylums,  houses  of  in- 
dustry, institutions  for  the  education  of  deaf  mutes  and 
the  blind,  for  the  care  of  the  pauper,  and  the  discipline  and 
reformation  of  the  criminal,  are  nowhere  surpassed.  The 
latter  led  the  way  in  the  modern  penitentiary  reforms.     In 


294       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

a  word,  there  is  no  branch  of  the  mechanical  or  fine  arts, 
no  department  of  science  exact  or  applied,  no  form  of  polite 
literature,  no  description  of  social  improvement,  in  which, 
due  allowance  being  made  for  the  means  and  resources 
at  command,  the  progress  of  the  United  States  has  not  been 
satisfactory,  and  in  some  respects  astonishing.  At  this 
moment,  the  rivers  and  seas  of  the  globe  are  navigated 
with  that  marvellous  application  of  steam  as  a  propelling 
power,  which  was  first  practically  effected  by  Fulton  ;  the 
monster  steamship  which  has  just  reached  our  shores  rides 
at  anchor  in  the  waters  in  which  the  first  successful  experi- 
ment of  Steam  Navigation  was  made.  The  wheat  harvest  of 
England  this  summer  will  be  gathered  by  American  reapers ; 
the  newspapers  which  lead  the  journalism  of  Europe  are 
printed  on  American  presses;  there  are  imperial  Railroads 
in  Europe  constructed  by  American  Engineers  and  travelled 
by  American  locomotives ;  troops  armed  with  American 
weapons,  and  ships  of  war  built  in  American  dock-yards. 
In  the  factories  of  Europe  there  is  machinery  of  American 
invention  or  improvement ;  in  their  observatories,  telescopes 
of  American  construction,  and  apparatus  of  American  in- 
vention for  recording  the  celestial  phenomena.  America 
contests  with  Europe  the  introduction  into  actual  use  of 
the  electric  telegraph,  and  her  mode  of  operating  it  is  adopt- 
ed throughout  the  French  empire.  American  authors  in 
almost  every  department  of  science  and  literature  are  found 
on  the  shelves  of  European  libraries.  It  is  true  no  American 
Homer,  Virgil,  Dante,  Copernicus,  Shakspeare,  Bacon,  Mil- 
ton, Newton,  has  risen  on  the  world.  These  mighty  gen- 
iuses seem  to  be  exceptions  in  the  history  of  the  human 
mind.  Favorable  circumstances  do  not  produce  them,  nor 
does  the  absence  of  favorable  circumstances  prevent  their 
appearance.  Homer  rose  in  the  dawn  of  Grecian  culture ; 
Virgil  flourished  in  the  Court  of  Augustus;  Dante  ushered 
in  the  birth  of  the  modern  European  literature ;  Copernicus 
was  reared  in  a  Polish  cloister ;  Shakspeare  was  trained 
in  the  greenroom  of  a  theatre ;  Milton  was  formed  while  the 
elements  of  English  thought  and  life  were  fermenting  toward 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       295 

a  great  political  and  moral  revolution ;  Newton,  under  the 
profligacy  of  the  Restoration.  Ages  may  elapse  before  any 
country  will  produce  a  mind  like  these;  as  two  centuries 
have  passed  since  the  last-mentioned  of  them  was  born. 
But  if  it  is  really  a  mark  of  inferiority  on  the  part  of  the 
United  States,  that  in  the  comparatively  short  period  of  their 
existence  as  a  people,  they  have  not  added  another  name  to 
this  illustrious  list  (which  is  equally  true  of  all  the  other 
nations  of  the  earth),  they  may  proudly  boast  of  one  example 
of  Life  and  Character,  one  career  of  disinterested  service, 
one  model  of  public  virtue,  one  type  of  human  excellence, 
of  which  all  the  countries  and  all  the  ages  may  be  searched 
in  vain  for  a  parallel.  I  need  not — on  this  day  I  need  not 
—  speak  the  peerless  name.  It  is  stamped  on  your  hearts, 
it  glistens  in  your  eyes,  it  is  written  on  every  page  of  your 
history,  on  the  battle-fields  of  the  Revolution,  on  the  monu- 
ments of  your  Fathers,  on  the  portals  of  your  capitols.  It 
is  heard  in  every  breeze  that  whispers  over  the  fields  of  Inde- 
pendent America.  And  he  was  all  our  own.  He  grew 
up  on  the  soil  of  America;  he  was  nurtured  at  her  bosom. 
She  loved  and  trusted  him  in  his  youth ;  she  honored  and 
revered  him  in  his  age  ;  and  though  she  did  not  wait  for 
death  to  canonize  his  name,  his  precious  memory,  with 
each  succeeding  year,  has  sunk  more  deeply  into  the  hearts 
of  his  countrymen ! 

But,  as  I  have  already  stated,  it  was  urged  against  us  in 
substance  on  the  occasion  alluded  to,  that  within  the  last 
sixty  years  the  United  States  have  degenerated,  and  that  by 
a  series  of  changes,  at  first  apparently  inconsiderable,  but  all 
leading  by  a  gradual  and  steady  progression  to  the  same 
result,  a  very  discreditable  condition  of  things  has  been 
brought  about  in  this  country. 

Without  stating  precisely  what  these  supposed  changes 
are,  the  "  result "  is  set  forth  in  a  somewhat  remarkable  series 
of  reproachful  allegations,  far  too  numerous  to  be  repeated 
in  detail,  in  what  remains  of  this  address,  but  implying  in 
the  aggregate  little  less  than  the  general  corruption  of  the 
country,  —  political,  social,  and  moral.     The  severity  of  these 


296       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

reproaches  is  not  materially  softened  by  a  few  courteous 
words  of  respect  for  the  American  People.  I  shall,  in  a  mo- 
ment, select  for  examination  two  or  three  of  the  most  serious 
of  these  charges,  observing  only  at  present  that  the  prosperous 
condition  of  the  country,  which  I  have  imperfectly  sketched, 
and  especially  its  astonishing  growth,  during  the  present  cen- 
tury in  the  richest  products,  material  and  intellectual,  of  a 
rapidly  maturing  civilization,  furnish  a  sufficient  defence 
against  the  general  charge.  Men  do  not  gather  the  grapes 
and  figs  of  science,  art,  taste,  wealth,  and  manners  from  the 
thorns  and  thistles  of  lawlessness,  venality,  fraud,  and  vio- 
lence. These  fair  fruits  grow  only  in  the  gardens  of  public 
peace,  and  industry  protected  by  the  Law. 

In  the  outset  let  it  be  observed  then,  that  the  assumed  and 
assigned  cause  of  the  reproachful  and  deplorable  state  of 
things  alleged  to  exist  in  the  United  States  is  as  imaginary, 
as  the  effects  are  exaggerated  or  wholly  unfounded  in  fact. 
The  "  checks  established  by  Washington  and  his  associates 
on  an  unbalanced  democracy"  in  the  General  Government 
have  never,  as  is  alleged,  "  been  swept  away,"  —  not  one  of 
them.  The  great  constitutional  check  of  this  kind,  as  far  as  the 
General  Government  is  concerned,  is  the  limitation  of  the 
granted  powers  of  Congress ;  the  reservation  of  the  rights  of 
the  States ;  and  the  organization  of  the  Senate  as  their  repre- 
sentative. These  constitutional  provisions,  little  compre- 
hended abroad,  which  give  to  the  smallest  States  equal 
weight  with  the  largest,  in  one  branch  of  the  national  legis- 
lature, impose  a  very  efficient  check  on  the  power  of  a  nu- 
merical majority  ;  and  neither  in  this  nor  in  any  other  provision 
of  the  Constitution,  bearing  on  the  subject,  has  the  slightest 
change  ever  been  made.  Not  only  so,  but  the  prevalent 
policy  since  1800  has  been  in  favor  of  the  reserved  rights  of 
the  States,  and  in  consequent  derogation  of  the  powers  of 
the  General  Government.  In  fact,  when  the  Reform  Bill  was 
agitated  in  England,  and  by  the  conservative  statesmen  of 
that  country  stigmatized  as  "a  revolution,"  it  was  admit- 
ted that  the  United  States  possessed  in  their  written  Con- 
stitution,  and   in   the    difficulty   of   procuring   amendments 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       297 

to  it,  a  conservative  principle  unknown  to  the  English  govern- 
ment. 

In  truth,  if  by  "  an  unbalanced  democracy  "  is  meant  such 
a  government  as  that  of  Athens,  or  republican  Rome,  or  the 
Italian  Republics,  or  the  English  Commonwealth,  or  revolu- 
tionary France,  there  not  only  never  was,  but  never  can  be  such 
a  thing  in  the  United  States,  unless  our  whole  existing  system 
should  be  revolutionized,  and  that  in  a  direction  to  which 
there  never  has  been  the  slightest  approach.  The  very  fact 
that  the  great  mass  of  the  population  is  broken  up  into  sepa- 
rate States,  now  thirty-three  in  number  and  rapidly  multiply- 
ing, each  with  its  local  interests  and  centre  of  political  influ- 
ence, is  itself  a  very  efficient  check  on  such  a  democracy.  Then 
each  of  these  States  is  a  representative  commonwealth,  com- 
posed of  two  branches,  with  the  ordinary  divisions  of  exec- 
utive, legislative,  and  judicial  power.  It  is  true,  that  in  some 
of  the  States  some  trifling  property  qualifications  for  elegi- 
bility  and  the  exercise  of  the  elective  franchise  have  been 
abrogated,  but  not  with  any  perceptible  effect  on  the  number 
or  character  of  the  voters.  The  system,  varying  a  little  in 
the  different  States,  always  made  a  near  approach  to  univer- 
sal suffrage ;  and  the  great  increase  of  voters  has  been 
caused  by  the  increase  of  population.  Under  elective  gov- 
ernments, with  a  free  press,  with  ardent  party  divisions,  and 
in  reference  to  questions  that  touch  the  heart  of  the  people, 
petty  limitations  on  the  right  of  suffrage  are  indeed  "cob- 
webs," which  the  popular  will  breaks  through.  The  voter 
may  be  one  of  ten,  or  one  of  fifty  of  the  citizens,  but  on 
such  questions  he  will  vote  in  conformity  with  the  will  of  the 
great  mass.  If  he  resists  it,  the  government  itself,  like  that 
of  France  in  1848,  will  go  down.  Agitation  and  popular 
commotion  scoff  at  checks  and  balances,  and  as  much  in 
England  as  in  America.  "When  Nottingham  Castle  is  in 
ruins  and  half  Bristol  a  heap  of  ashes,  monarchs  and  minis- 
ters must  bend.  The  Reform  Bill  must  then  pass  "  through 
Parliament  or  over  it,"  in  the  significant  words  of  Lord 
Macaulay ;  and  that,  whether  the  constituencies  are  great  or 
small.     That  a  restricted  suffrage  and  a  limited  constituency 


298       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

do  not  always  insure  independence  on  the  part  of  the  Repre- 
sentative, may  be  inferred  from  the  rather  remarkable  admis- 
sion of  Lord  Grey,  in  this  very  debate,  that  "  a  large  propor- 
tion of  the  members  of  the  present  House  of  Commons  are, 
from  various  circumstances,  afraid  to  act  on  their  real  opin- 
ions" on  the  subject  of  the  Reform  Bill  then  before  them. 

I  have  already  observed  that  it  would  be  impossible,  within 
the  limits  of  this  address,  to  enter  into  a  detailed  examination 
of  all  the  matters  laid  to  our  charge,  on  the  occasion  alluded 
to.  The  ministerial  leader  (Lord  Granville)  candidly  admit- 
ted, in  the  course  of  the  debate,  that,  though  he  concurred 
with  his  brother  peer  in  some  of  his  remarks,  "  they  were 
generally  much  exaggerated."  We  too  must  admit  with 
regret,  that  for  some  of  the  statements  made  to  our  discredit 
there  is  a  greater  foundation  in  fact,  than  we  could  wish  ; 
that  our  political  system,  like  all  human  institutions,  however 
wise  in  theory  and  successful  in  its  general  operation,  is  lia- 
ble to  abuse ;  that  party,  the  bane  of  all  free  governments, 
works  its  mischief  here  ;  that  some  bad  men  are  raised  to  office 
and  some  good  men  excluded  from  it ;  that  public  virtue  here 
as  elsewhere  sometimes  breaks  down  under  the  temptation 
of  place  or  of  gold ;  that  unwise  laws  are  sometimes  passed 
by  our  legislatures,  and  unpopular  laws  sometimes  violated 
by  the  mob ;  in  short,  that  the  frailties  and  vices  of  men  and 
of  governments  are  displayed  in  Republics  as  they  are  in 
Monarchies,  in  the  New  World  as  in  the  Old ;  whether  to  a 
greater,  equal,  or  less  degree,  time  must  show.  The  question 
of  the  great  Teacher,  to  which  the  reverend  Chaplain  has 
just  called  our  attention,  may  as  pertinently  be  asked  of  Na- 
tions as  of  individuals,  "  Why  beholdest  thou  the  mote  that 
is  in  thy  brother's  eye,  and  considerest  not  the  beam  that  is 
in  thine  own  eye  ?  " 

An  honest  and  impartial  administration  of  justice  is  the 
corner-stone  of  the  social  system.  The  most  serious  charges 
brought  against  us,  on  the  occasion  alluded  to,  are,  that, 
owing  to  the  all-pervading  corruption  of  the  country,  the 
Judges  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States,  who 
once  commanded  the  public  respect  at  home  and  abroad,  are 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       299 

now  appointed  for  party  purposes,  and  that  some  of  their 
decisions  have  excited  the  disgust  of  all  high-minded  men; 
that  the  Judges  of  most  of  the  State  Courts  hold  their  offices 
by  election,  some  by  annual  election;  that  the  undisputed 
dominion  of  the  numerical  majority,  which  has  been  estab- 
lished, will  not  allow  the  desires  and  passions  of  the  hour  to 
be  checked  by  a  firm  administration  of  justice;  and  that  in 
consequence  the  laws  of  this  country  have  become  mere  cob- 
webs to  resist  either  the  rich,  or  the  popular  feeling  of  the 
moment ;  in  a  word,  that  the  American  Astraea,  like  the  god- 
dess of  old,  has  fled  to  the  stars.  I  need  not  say,  fellow- 
citizens,  in  your  hearing,  that  wherever  else  this  may  be  true 
(and  I  believe  it  to  be  nowhere  true  in  the  United  States),  it  is 
not  true  in  our  ancient  Commonwealth ;  and  that  Westmin- 
ster Hall  never  boasted  a  court  more  honored  or  more  wor- 
thy of  honor,  than  that  which  holds  its  office  by  a  life  tenure 
and  administers  impartial  justice,  without  respect  of  persons, 
to  the  people  of  Massachusetts. 

Such  a  court  the  people  of  Massachusetts  have  no  wish  to 
change  for  an  elective  judiciary,  holding  office  by  a  short 
tenure.  In  their  opinion,  evinced  in  their  practice,  this  all- 
important  branch  of  the  government  ought  to  be  removed, 
as  far  as  possible,  beyond  the  reach  of  political  influences ; 
but  it  is  surely  the  grossest  of  errors  to  speak  of  the  tribunals 
of  the  United  States  as  being  generally  tainted  with  party, 
or  to  represent  the  law,  in  the  main,  as  having  ceased  to  be 
respected  and  enforced.  Taking  a  comprehensive  view  of 
the  subject,  and  not  drawing  sweeping  inferences  from  excep- 
tional occurrences,  it  may  be  safely  said  that  the  law  of  the 
land  is  ably,  cheaply,  and  impartially  administered  in  the 
United  States,  and  implicitly  obeyed.  On  a  few  questions, 
not  half  a  dozen  in  number  since  the  organization  of  the 
government,  and  those  partaking  of  a  political  character,  the 
decisions  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States,  like 
the  questions  to  which  they  refer,  have  divided  public  opinion. 
But  there  is  surely  no  tribunal  in  the  world,  which,  like  that 
court  has,  since  the  foundation  of  the  government,  not  only 
efficiently   performed  the  ordinary  functions  of  a  tribunal  of 


300       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

the  last  resort,  to  the  general  satisfaction  of  the  country,  but 
which  sits  in  judgment  on  the  courts  and  legislatures  of 
sovereign  States,  on  acts  of  Congress  itself,  and  pronounces 
the  law  to  a  confederation  coextensive  with  Europe.  I  know 
of  no  such  protection,  under  any  other  government,  against 
unconstitutional  legislation ;  if  indeed  any  legislation  can  be 
called  unconstitutional,  where  Parliament,  alike  in  theory 
and  practice,  is  omnipotent. 

AVith  respect  to  the  partisan  character  of  our  courts,  in- 
ferred from  the  manner  in  which  the  judges  are  appointed,  the 
judges  of  the  United  States  Courts,  which  are  the  tribunals 
specifically  reflected  on,  are  appointed  in  the  same  manner 
and  hold  their  offices  by  the  same  tenure,  as  the  English 
judges  of  the  courts  of  common  law.  They  are  appointed 
for  life,  by  the  executive  power,  no  doubt  from  the  dominant 
party  of  the  day,  and  this  equally  in  both  countries.  The 
presiding  magistrate  of  the  other  branch  of  English  juris- 
prudence —  the  Lord  Chancellor  —  is  displaced  with  every 
change  in  politics.  In  seventy-one  years,  since  the  adoption 
of  the  Federal  Constitution,  there  have  been  but  four  chief 
justices  of  the  United  States,  and  the  fourth  is  still  on  the 
bench.  In  thirty-three  years  there  have  been,  I  believe,  nine 
appointments  of  a  Lord  Chancellor,  on  as  many  changes  of 
the  ministry,  and  eight  different  individuals  have  filled  the 
office,  of  whom  six  are  living*  As  a  member  of  the  Cabinet, 
and  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Lords,  he  is  necessarily  deep  in 
all  the  political  controversies  of  the  day,  and  his  vast  official 
influence  and  patronage,  generally  administered  on  political 
grounds,  are  felt  throughout  church  and  state.  The  Chief  Jus- 
tice of  England  is  usually  a  member  of  the  House  of  Lords, 
sometimes  a  member  of  the  Cabinet.  As  a  necessary  conse- 
quence, on  all  questions  of  a  political  nature,  the  Court  is 
open  to  the  same  suspicion  of  partisanship  as  in  the  United 
States,  and  for  a  much  stronger  reason,  inasmuch  as  our 
judges  can  never  be  members  of  the  Cabinet  or  of  Congress. 

*  Lord  Lyndhurst,  Lord  Brougham,  Lord  Cottenham,  Lord  Truro,  Lord 
St.  Leonard's,  Lord  Cranworth,  Lord  Chelmsford,  Lord  Campbell.  —  Those 
deceased  in  Italics. 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       301 

During  a  considerable  part  of  his  career,  Lord  Mansfield  was 
engaged  in  an  imbittered  political  warfare  with  the  Earl  of 
Chatham,  in  the  House  of  Lords.  All  the  resources  of  the 
English  language  were  exhausted  by  Junius,  in  desolating 
and  unpunished  party  libels  on  the  Chief  Justice  of  Eng- 
land ;  and  when  the  capital  of  the  British  Empire  lay  for 
six  days  at  the  mercy  of  Lord  George  Gordon's  mob,  its 
fury  was  concentrated  against  the  same  venerable  magis- 
trate. 

The  jurisprudence  of  this  country  strikes  its  roots  deep  into 
that  of  England.  Her  courts,  her  magistrates,  her  whole 
judicial  system,  are  regarded  by  the  profession  in  America 
with  respect  and  affection.  But  if,  beginning  at  a  period 
coeval  with  the  settlement  of  America,  we  run  down  the  line 
of  the  chancellors  and  chief  justices,  from  Lord  Bacon  and 
Sir  Edward  Coke  to  the  close  of  the  last  century,  it  will,  in 
scarce  any  generation,  be  found  free  from  the  record  of 
personal,  official,  and  political  infirmities,  from  which  an  un- 
friendly censor  might  have  drawn  inferences  hostile  to  the 
integrity  of  the  tribunals  of  England,  if  not  to  the  soundness 
of  her  public  sentiment.  But  he  would  have  erred.  The 
character  of  governments  and  of  institutions  is  not  to  be 
judged  of  from  individual  men  or  exceptional  occurrences, 
but  must  be  gathered  from  a  large  experience,  from  general 
results,  from  the  testimony  of  ages.  A  thousand  years,  and 
a  revolution  in  almost  every  century,  have  been  necessary  to 
build  up  the  constitutional  fabric  of  England  to  its  present 
proportions  and  strength.  Let  her  not  play  the  uncharitable 
censor,  if  portions  of  our  newly  constructed  state  machinery 
are  sometimes  heard  to  grate  and  jar. 

With  respect  to  the  great  two-edged  sword,  with  which 
justice  smites  the  unfaithful  public  servant,  the  present  Lord 
Chancellor  (late  Chief  Justice)  of  England,  observes,  of  the 
acquittal  of  Lord  Melville,  in  1806,  that  "  it  showed  that  Im- 
peachment can  no  longer  be  relied  upon  for  the  conviction  of 
state  offences,  and  can  only  be  considered  as  a  test  of  party 
strength  "  ;  while  of  the  standard  of  professional  literature,  the 
same  venerable  magistrate,  who  unites  the  vigor  of  youth  to  the 


302       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

experience  and  authority  of  fourscore  years,  remarks,  with  a 
candor,  it  is  true,  not  very  nattering  to  the  United  States,  in 
the  form  of  the  expression,  that  down  to  the  end  of  the  reign 
of  George  the  Third  (A.  D.  1820),  "  England  was  excelled  by 
contemporary  juridical  authors,  not  only  in  France,  Italy,  and 
Germany,  but  even  America."  I  will  only  add,  that,  of  the 
very  great  number  of  Judges  of  our  Federal  and  State 
Courts, — although  frugal  salaries,  short  terms  of  office,  and 
the  elective  tenure  may  sometimes  have  called  incompetent 
men  to  the  bench,  —  it  is  not  within  my  recollection,  that 
a  single  individual  has  been  suspected  even  of  pecuniary  cor- 
ruption. 

Next  in  importance   to  the  integrity  of  the  courts,  in  a 
well-governed  state,  is  the  honesty  of  the  legislature.     A  re- 
markable  instance  of    wholesale   corruption,  in   one   of   the 
new  States  of  the  West,  consisting  of  the  alleged  bribery  of  a 
considerable  number  of  the  members  of  the  legislature,  by  a 
distribution  of  railroad  bonds,  is  quoted  by  Lord  Grey,  as  a 
specimen  of  the  corruption  which  has  infected  the  legislation 
both  of  Congress  and  of  the  States,  and  as  showing  "  the  state 
of  things  which   has  arisen  in  that  country."     It  was  a  very 
discreditable  occurrence  certainly  (if  truly  reported,  and  of 
that  I  know  nothing),  illustrative,  I  hope,  not  of  "  a  state 
of  things  "  which  has  arisen  in  America,  but  of  the  degree  to 
which  large  bodies  of  men,  of  whom  better  things  might  have 
been   expected,  may  sometimes    become   so    infected,  when 
the  mania  of    speculation    is  epidemic,  that  principle,  pru- 
dence, and    common    sense    give  way,  in   the  eagerness  to 
clutch  at  sudden  wealth.     In  a  bubble  season,  the  ordinary 
rules  of  morality  lose  their  controlling  power  for  a  while,  un- 
der the  temptation  of  the  day.     The  main  current  of  public 
and  private   morality  in   England  probably  flowed  as  deep 
and  strong  as  ever,  both  before  and  after  the  South  Sea  frauds, 
when  Cabinet  ministers  and  Court  ladies,  and  some  of  the 
highest  personages  in  the  realm  ran  mad  after  dishonest  gains, 
and  this  in  England's   Augustan  age.     Lord  Granville,  in 
reply,  observed  that  the  "early  legislation  of   England,  in 
such  matters  [Railways],  was  not  so  free  from  reproach,  as  to 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       303 

justify  us  in  attributing  the  bribery  in  America  solely  to  the 
democratic  character  of  the  government,"  and  the  biographer 
of  George  Stephenson  furnishes  facts  which  abundantly  con- 
firm the  truth  of  this  remark.  After  describing  the  extrava- 
gant length  to  which  Railway  speculation  was  carried  in  that 
country  in  1844-1845,  Mr.  Smiles  proceeds  :  — 

"  Parliament,  whose  previous  conduct  in  connection  with  Railway 
legislation  was  so  open  to  reprehension,  interposed  no  check,  attempted 
no  remedy.  On  the  contrary,  it  helped  to  intensify  the  evil  arising 
from  this  unseemly  state  of  things.  Many  of  its  members  were  them- 
selves involved  in  the  mania,  and  as  much  interested  in  its  continuance 
as  even  the  vulgar  herd  of  money-grubbers.  The  railway  prospec- 
tuses now  issued,  unlike  the  Liverpool  and  Manchester  and  London 
and  Birmingham  schemes,  were  headed  by  peers,  baronets,  landed 
proprietors,  and  strings  of  M.  P.'s'.  Thus  it  was  found  in  1845,  that 
not  fewer  than  one  hundred  and  fifty-seven  members  of  Parliament 
were  on  the  list  of  new  companies,  as  subscribers  for  sums  ranging 
from  two  hundred  and  ninety-one  thousand  pounds  sterling  [not  far 
from  a  million  and  a  half  of  dollars]  downwards  !  The  proprietors  of 
new  lines  even  came  to  boast  of  their  parliamentary  strength,  and  the 
number  of  votes  they  could  command  in  '  the  House.'  The  influence 
which  land-owners  had  formerly  brought  to  bear  upon  Parliament,  in 
resisting  railways,  when  called  for  by  the  public  necessities,  was  now 
employed  to  carry  measures  of  a  far  different  kind,  originated  by  cu- 
pidity, knavery,  and  folly.  But  these  gentlemen  had  discovered,  by 
this  time,  that  railways  were  as  a  golden  mine  to  them.  They  sat  at 
railway  boards,  sometimes  selling  to  themselves  their  own  land,  at 
their  own  price,  and  paying  themselves  with  the  money  of  the  unfor- 
tunate stockholders.  Others  used  the  railway  mania  as  a  convenient, 
and  to  themselves  inexpensive,  mode  of  purchasing  constituencies.  It 
was  strongly  suspected  that  honorable  members  adopted  what  Yankee 
legislators  call  '  log-rolling ' ;  that  is,  '  you  help  me  to  roll  my  log,  and 
1  will  help  you  to  roll  yours.'  At  all  events,  it  is  a  matter  of  fact 
that,  through  parliamentary  influence,  many  utterly  ruinous  branches 
and  extensions,  projected  during  the  mania,  calculated  only  to  benefit 
the  inhabitants  of  a  few  miserable  old  boroughs,  accidentally  omit- 
ted from  schedule  A,  were  authorized  in  the  memorable  session  of 
1844-45."* 

*  Smiles's  Life  of  Stephenson,  p.  371. 


804       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

These  things,  be  it  remembered,  took  place,  not  in  a  newly 
gathered  republic,  just  sprouting,  so  to  say,  into  existence  on 
the  frontier,  inhabited  by  the  pioneers  of  civilization,  who 
had  rather  rushed  together,  than  grown  up  to  the  moral  tra- 
ditions of  an  ancient  community ;  but  they  took  place  at  the 
metropolis  of  one  of  the  oldest  monarchies  in  Europe,  the 
centre  of  the  civilized  world,  where  public  sentiment  is 
propped  by  the  authority  of  ages ;  heart  of  old  English  oak 
encased  with  the  life  circles  of  a  thousand  years.  I  was  in 
London  at  the  height  of  the  mania ;  I  saw  the  Railway  King, 
as  he  was  called,  at  the  zenith  of  his  power ;  a  member  of 
Parliament,  through  which  he  walked  quietly,  it  was  said, 
"  with  some  sixteen  railway  bills  under  his  arm  "  ;  almost  a 
fourth  estate  of  the  realm ;  his  receptions  crowded  like  those 
of  a  Royal  Prince ;  —  and  I  saw  the  gilded  bubble  burst. 
But  I  did  not  write  home  to  my  government,  that  this  mar- 
vellous "  state  of  things "  showed  the  corruption  which 
springs  from  hereditary  institutions,  nor  did  I  hint  that  an  ex- 
tension of  the  right  of  suffrage  and  a  moderate  infusion  of 
the  democratic  principle  were  the  only  remedy. 

I  have  time  for  a  few  words  only  on  the  "unscrupulous 
and  overbearing  tone  "  which  is  said  by  Lord  Grey  to  "  mark 
our  intercourse  with  foreign  nations." 

"  If  any  one  European  nation,"  he  observes,  "  were  to  act  in  the  same 
manner,  it  could  not  escape  war  for  a  single  year.  We  ourselves 
have  been  repeatedly  on  the  verge  of  a  quarrel  with  the  United  States. 
With  no  divergence  of  interest,  but  the  strongest  possible  interest  on 
both  sides  to  maintain  the  closest  friendship,  we  have  more  than  once 
been  on  the  eve  of  a  quarrel ;  and  that  great  calamity  has  now  been 
avoided,  because  the  government  of  this  country  has  had  the  good 
sense  to  treat  the  government  of  the  United  States  much  as  we  should 
treat  spoiled  children,  and  though  the  right  was  clearly  on  our  side, 
has  yielded  to  the  unreasonable  pretensions  of  the  United  States. 
There  is  danger  that  this  may  be  pushed  too  far,  and  that  a  question 
may  arise,  on  which  our  honor  and  our  interests  will  make  concession 
on  our  part  impossible." 

No  one  is  an  impartial  judge  in  his  own  case.  If  we 
should  meet  these  rather  indiscreet  suggestions  in  the  only 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       305 

way  in  which  a  charge  without  specifications  can  be  met, — 
by  a  denial  as  broad  as  the  assertion,  —  the  matter  would  be 
left  precisely  as  it  stood  before ;  that  is,  each  party  in  its  na- 
tional controversies  thinks  itself  right  and  its  opponent  wrong, 
which  is  not  an  uncommon  case  in  human  affairs,  public  and 
private.  This  at  least  may  be  added,  without  fear  of  contradic- 
tion,' that  the  United  States,  in  their  intercourse  with  foreign 
governments  have  abstained  from  all  interference  in  European 
politics,  and  have  confined  themselves  to  the  protection  of  their 
own  rights  and  interests.  As  far  as  concerns  theoretical  doc- 
trines on  the  subjects  usually  controverted  between  govern- 
ments, a  distinguished  English  magistrate  and  civilian  pro- 
nounces the  authority  of  the  United  States  "  to  be  always 
great  upon  all  questions  of  International  Law."*  Many  of 
the  questions  which  have  arisen  between  this  country  and 
England  have  been  such  as  most  keenly  touch  the  national 
susceptibilities.  That  in  discussing  these  questions  at  home 
and  abroad,  no  despatch  has  been  written,  no  word  uttered, 
in  a  warmer  tone  than  might  be  wished,  is  not  to  be  expected, 
and  is  as  little  likely  to  have  happened  on  one  side  of  the 
water  as  the  other.  But  that  the  intercourse  of  the  United 
States  with  Great  Britain  has,  in  the  main,  been  conducted, 
earnestly  indeed,  as  becomes  powerful  States  treating  impor- 
tant subjects,  but  courteously,  gravely,  and  temperately,  no 
one  well  acquainted  with  the  facts  will,  I  think,  deny. 

It  would  not  be  difficult  for  me  to  pass  in  review  our 
controversies  with  England,  and  to  show  that  when  she 
has  conceded  any  portion  of  our  demands,  it  has  not  been 
because  they  were  urged  in  "  an  unscrupulous  and  over- 
bearing tone  "  (an  idea  not  very  complimentary  to  herself), 
but  because  they  were  founded  in  justice  and  sustained 
by  argument.  This  is  not  the  occasion  for  such  a  review. 
In  a  public  address,  which  I  had  the  honor  of  delivering 
in  this  hall  last  September,  I  vindicated  the  negotiations 
relative  to  the  Northeastern  Boundary,  from  the  gross  and 
persistent  misrepresentations  of  which  they  have   been   the 

*  R.  Phillimore's  International  Law,  Vol.  III.  p.  252. 
VOL.    IV.  20 


306       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

subject ;  and  I  will  now  only  briefly  allude  to  by  far  the 
most  important  chapter  in  our  diplomatic  history.  I  go 
back  to  it,  because,  after  the  lapse  of  a  generation,  the  truth 
has  at  length  pierced  through  the  mists  of  contemporary 
interest  and  passion,  and  because  it  will  sufficiently  show 
by  one  very  striking  example,  whether  in  her  intercourse 
with  foreign  nations,  America  has  been  in  the  habit  of 
assuming  an  unscrupulous  and  overbearing  tone,  or  whether 
she  has  been  the  victim  of  those  qualities  on  the  part  of 
others. 

After  the  short-lived  peace  of  Amiens,  a  new  war  of 
truly  Titanic  proportions  broke  out  between  France  and 
England.  In  the  progress  of  this  tremendous  struggle,  and 
for  the  purpose  of  mutual  destruction,  a  succession  of  Im- 
perial decrees  and  Royal  Orders  in  Council  were  issued  by 
the  two  powers,  by  which  all  neutral  commerce  was  anni- 
hilated. Each  of  the  great  belligerents  maintained  that 
his  adversary's  decree  was  a  violation  of  International  Law ; 
each  justified  his  own  edict  on  the  ground  of  retaliation, 
which  of  course,  as  far  as  the  neutral  was  concerned,  was 
no  justification,  —  and  between  these  great  conflicting  forces 
the  rights  and  interests  of  neutrals  were  crushed.  Under 
these  orders  and  decrees,  it  is  estimated  that  one  hundred 
millions  of  American  property  were  swept  from  the  ocean,  — 
of  the  losses  and  sufferings  of  our  citizens,  in  weary  deten- 
tion for  years  at  Courts  of  Admiralty  and  Vice- Admiralty 
all  round  the  globe,  there  can  be  no  estimate.  But  peace 
returned  to  the  world ;  time  wore  away ;  and  after  one 
generation  of  the  original  sufferers  had  sunk,  many  of  them 
sorrow-stricken  and  ruined,  into  the  grave,  the  government 
of  King  Louis-Philippe,  in  France,  acknowledged  the  wrong 
of  the  imperial  regime,  by  a  late  and  partial  measure  of 
indemnification,  obtained  by  means  of  the  treaty  negotiated 
with  great  ability,  by  Mr.  Rives,  of  Virginia.  England, 
in  addition- to  the  capture  of  our  ships  and  the  confiscation 
of  their  cargoes,  had  subjected  the  United  States  to  the  in- 
dignity of  taking  her  seamen  by  impressment  from  our  vessels, 
—  a  practice  which,  in  addition  to  its  illegality  even  under 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       307 

the  law  of  England,  and  its  cruelty,  which  have  since  caused 
it  to  be  abandoned  at  home,  often  led  to  the  impressment 
of  our  own  citizens,  both  naturalized  and  native.  For  this 
intolerable  wrong  (which  England  herself  would  not  have 
endured  a  day,  from  any  foreign  power),  and  for  the  enor- 
mous losses  accruing  under  the  Orders  in  Council,  the  United 
States  not  only  never  received  any  indemnification,  but  the 
losses  and  sufferings  of  a  war  of  two  years  and  a  half  dura- 
tion, to  which  she  was  at  length  driven,  were  superadded. 
These  orders  were  at  the  time  regarded  by  the  liberal  school 
of  British  statesmen  as  unjust  and  oppressive  towards  neu- 
trals ;  and  though  the  eminent  civilian,  Sir  William  Scott 
(afterwards  Lord  Stowell),  who  presided  in  the  British  Court 
of  Admiralty,  and  who  had  laid  the  foundations  of  a  princely 
fortune  by  fees  accruing  in  prize  causes,*  deemed  it  "  ex- 
treme indecency"  to  admit  the  possibility,  that  the  Orders 
in  Council  could  be  in  contravention  of  the  public  law,  it 
is  now  the  almost  universal  admission  of  the  text-writers 
that  such  was  the  case.  As  lately  as  1847,  the  present  Lord 
Chancellor  —  then  Lord  Chief  Justice  of  England — used 
this  remarkable  language :  "  Of  these  Orders  in  Council, 
Napoleon  had  no  right  to  complain;  but  they  were  grievous- 
ly unjust  to  neutrals ;  and  it  is  now  generally  allowed,  that 
they  were  contrary  to  the  law  of  nations,  and  to  our  own 
municipal  law  !  " 

These  liberal  admissions  have  come  too  late  to  repair 
the  ruined  fortunes  or  to  heal  the  broken  hearts  of  the 
sufferers :  they  will  not  recall  to  life  the  thousands  who  fell 
on  hard-fought  fields,  in  defence  of  their  country's  rights. 
But  they  do  not  come  too  late  to  rebuke  the  levity  with 
which  it  is  now  intimated,  that  the  United  States  stand  at 
the  august  bar  of  the  public  law,  not  as  reasoning  men,  but 
as  spoiled  children ;  not  too  late  to  suggest  the  possibility 
to  candid  minds,  that  the  next  generation  may  do  us  the 
like  justice,  with  reference  to  more  recent  controversies.! 

*  "  Sketch  of  the  Lives  of  Lords  Stowell  and  Eldon,  by  William  Ed< 
ward  Surtees,  D.  C.  L."  [a  relative],  p.  88. 

■j-  Lord  Campbell's  Lives  of  the  Chancellors,  Vol.  VII.  p.  218;  Story's 


808       VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

Thus,  fellow-citizens,  I  have  endeavored,  without  vain- 
glorying,  with  respect  to  ourselves,  or  bitterness  toward 
others,  but  in  a  spirit  of  candor  and  patriotism,  to  repel 
the  sinister  intimation,  that  a  fatal  degeneracy  is  stealing 
over  the  country;  and  to  show  that  the  eighty-fourth  an- 
niversary finds  the  United  States  in  the  fulfilment  of  the 
glowing  anticipations,  with  which,  in  the  selfsame  instru- 
ment, their  Independence  was  inaugurated,  and  their  Union 
first  proclaimed.  No  formal  act  had  as  yet  bound  them  to- 
gether; no  plan  of  confederation  had  even  been  proposed. 
A  common  allegiance  embraced  them,  as  parts  of  one  metro- 
politan empire ;  but  when  that  tie  was  sundered,  they  became 
a  group  of  insulated  and  feeble  communities,  not  politically 
connected  with  each  other,  or  known  as  yet  in  the  family  of 
nations.  Driven  by  a  common  necessity,  yearning  toward 
each  other  with  a  common  sympathy  of  trial  and  of  danger, 
piercing  with  wise  and  patriotic  foresight  into  the  depths  of 
ages  yet  to  come,  —  led  by  a  Divine  Counsel,  —  they  clung 
together  with  more  than  elective  affinity,  and  declared  the 
independence  of  the  United  States.  North  and  South, 
great  and  small,  Massachusetts  and  Virginia,  the  oldest  and 
then  the  largest ;  New  York  and  Pennsylvania,  unconscious 
as  yet  of  their  destined  preponderance,  but  already  holding 
the  central  balance ;  Rhode  Island  and  Delaware,  raised  by 
the  Union  to  a  political  equality  with  their  powerful  neigh- 
bors, joined  with  their  sister  republics  in  the  august  Declara- 
tion, for  themselves  and  for  the  rapidly  multiplying  family 
of  States,  which  they  beheld  in  prophetic  vision.  This  great 
charter  of  independence  was  the  life  of  the  Revolution ;  the 
sword  of  attack,  the  panoply  of  defence.  Under  the  con- 
summate guidance  of  Washington,  it  sustained  our  fathers 
under  defeat,  and  guided  them  to  victory.  It  gave  us  the 
alliance  with  France,  and  her  auxiliary  armies  and  navies. 
It  gave  us  the  Confederation   and  the   Constitution.     With 

Miscellaneous  Writings,  p.  283 ;  Phillimore's  International  Law,  Vol.  III.  pp. 
250,  539;  Manning's  Commentary  on  the  Law  of  Nations,  p.  330;  Wild- 
man's  Institutes  of  International  Law,  Vol.  II.  pp.  183, 185  ;  also,  the  French 
publicists,  Hautefeuille  and  Ortolan,  under  the  appropriate  heads. 


VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS.       309 

successive  strides  of  progress,  it  has  crossed  the  Alleghanies, 
the  Ohio,  the  Mississippi,  and  the  Missouri;  has  stretched  its 
living  arms  almost  from  the  Arctic  circle  to  the  tepid  waters 
of  the  Gulf ;  has  belted  the  continent  with  rising  States ;  has 
unlocked  the  rich  treasuries  of  the  Sierra  Madre ;  and  flung 
out  the  banners  of  the  Republic  to  the  gentle  breezes  of  the 
Peaceful  Sea.  Not  confined  to  the  continent,  the  power  of 
the  Union  has  convoyed  our  commerce  over  the  broadest 
oceans  to  the  farthest  isles;  has  opened  the  gates  of  the 
Morning  to  our  friendly  intercourse;  and  —  sight  unseen  be- 
fore in  human  history  —  has,  from  that  legendary  Cipango, 
the  original  object  of  the  expedition  of  Columbus,  but  which 
his  eyes  never  beheld  nor  his  keels  ever  touched,  brought 
their  swarthy  princes  on  friendly  embassage,  to  the  western 
shores  of  the  world-dividing  Deep. 

Meantime,  the  gallant  Frenchmen,  who  fought  the  battles 
of  liberty  on  this  continent  carried  back  the  generous  conta- 
gion to  their  own  fair  land.  Would  that  they  could  have 
carried  with  it  the  moderation  and  the  wisdom  that  tempered 
our  Revolution !  The  great  idea  of  constitutional  reform  in 
England,  a  brighter  jewel  in  her  crown  than  that  of  which 
our  fathers  bereft  it,  is  coeval  with  the  successful  issue  of  the 
American  struggle.  The  first  appeal  of  revolutionary  Greece, 
an  appeal  not  made  in  vain,  was  for  American  sympathy  and 
aid.  The  golden  vice-royalties  of  Spain  on  this  continent 
asserted  their  independence  in  imitation  of  our  example, 
though  sadly  wanting  our  previous  training  in  the  school  of 
regulated  liberty ;  and  now,  at  length,  the  fair  "  Niobe  of  Na- 
tions," accepting  a  constitutional  monarchy  as  an  instalment 
of  the  long-deferred  debt  of  Freedom,  sighs  through  all  her 
liberated  States  for  a  representative  confederation,  and  claims 
the  title  of  the  Italian  Washington  for  her  heroic  Garibaldi. 

Here  then,  fellow-citizens,  I  close  where  I  began  ;  the  noble 
prediction  of  Adams  is  fulfilled.  The  question  decided 
eighty-four  years  ago  in  Philadelphia  was  the  greatest  ques- 
tion ever  decided  in  America;  and  the  event  has  shown  that 
greater,  perhaps,  never  was  nor  ever  will  be  decided  among 
men.     The  great  Declaration,  with  its  life-giving  principles. 


310      VINDICATION    OF    AMERICAN    INSTITUTIONS. 

has,  within  that  interval,  extending  its  influence  from  the  cen- 
tral plains  of  America  to  the  eternal  snows  of  the  Cordilleras, 
from  the  western  shores  of  the  Atlantic  to  the  farthest  East, 
crossed  the  land  and  the  sea,  and  circled  the  globe.  Nor  let 
us  fear  that  its  force  is  exhausted,  for  its  principles  are  as 
broad  as  humanity,  as  eternal  as  truth.  And  if  the  visions 
of  patriotic  seers  are  destined  to  be  fulfilled ;  if  it  is  the  will  of 
Providence  that  the  lands  which  now  sit  in  darkness  shall  see 
the  day ;  that  the  south  and  east  of  Europe  and  the  west  of 
Asia  shall  be  regenerated ;  and  the  ancient  and  mysterious 
regions  of  'the  East,  the  cradle  of  mankind,  shall  receive  back 
in  these  latter  days  from  the  West  the  rich  repayment  of  the 
early  debt  of  civilization,  and  rejoice  in  the  cheerful  light  of 
constitutional  freedom,  —  that  light  will  go  forth  from  Inde- 
pendence Hall  in  Philadelphia ;  that  lesson  of  constitutional 
freedom  they  will  learn  from  this  day's  Declaration. 


INAUGURATION   OF   PRESIDENT  FELTON* 


The  only  title  by  which  I  wish  to  be  known  on  the  pres- 
ent occasion  is  that  of  a  dutiful,  affectionate,  and  grateful 
son  of  Harvard.  With  respect  to  the  eloquent  description 
just  given  by  my  valued  friend,  the  Orator  of  the  Day,  of 
the  value  of  prose  speech,  I  regret  that  his  practice  was  not 
more  in  accordance  with  his  doctrine;  he  would  not  else, 
as  he  candidly  admits,  have  robbed  us  of  that  half-hour  of 
his  own  glowing  and  impressive  prose,  to  which  we  should 
all  have  listened  with  so  much  pleasure.  His  Excellency 
the  Governor,!  who  has  addressed  us  with  so  much  power 
and  feeling,  alluded,  in  pathetic  terms,  to  the  emotions  with 
which  he  had  in  his  youth  listened  to  the  cheerful  strains 
which,  on  public  occasions,  were  sometimes  heard  from  the 
academic  shades,  and  his  regret  that  it  had  not  then  fallen  to 
his  lot  to  join  the  joyous  circle.  I  could  not  listen  to  those 
touching  remarks,  and  reflect  on  the  efficient  services  which 
he  has  rendered  to  our  ancient  University,  in  promoting  the 
endowment  of  the  Museum  of  Natural  History,  without 
repeating  the  beautiful  inscription  on  the  bust  of  Moliere  in 
the  French  Academy :  "  Nothing  is  wanting  to  his  glory,  — 
he  is  wanting  to  ours." 

I  suppose,  sir,  of  all  the  titles  to  which  you  have  been 
good  enough  to  allude,  that  of  an  ex-President  of  the  Uni- 
versity is  the  only  one  by  which  I  may  with  the  greatest  pro- 
priety address  you,  as  most  assuredly  there  is  nothing  in  my 
humble  career  that   I  pride  myself  upon  more,  than  that  I 

*  Remarks  at  the  dinner  of  the  Association  of  Alumni  of  Harvard  College, 
19th  July,  1860. 

f  Hon.  N.  P.  Banks. 


312  INAUGURATION    OF    PRESIDENT    FELTON. 

was  thought  not  unworthy  to  be  placed  at  its  head.  I 
stood  in  that  relation  but  a  short  time,  but  I  sometimes 
return  to  these  classic  precincts,  with  somewhat  of  the  feel- 
ings of  the  retired  tallow-chandler,  of  whom  the  well-known 
story  is  told.  Having  relinquished  the  partnership,  he  was 
desirous,  after  a  while,  of  resuming  it.  This,  however, 
could  not  be,  and  he  then  begged  to  be  permitted,  at  least, 
to  come  and  lend  a  hand  on  melting-days.  Now,  sir,  this 
is  a  melting-day  in  more  than  one  sense.  "We  have  had 
two  of  the  great  natural  solvents  powerfully  at  work  ever 
since  sunrise,  but  I  have  not  lately  enjoyed  a  happier  day. 
I  suppose  that  the  spectacle  of  four  ex-Presidents  of  an  in- 
stitution like  this,  assembled  on  the  same  stage  to  assist  at 
the  inauguration  of  their  successor,  was  never  witnessed 
before.  It  reminds  me  of  a  little  occurrence  (his  Excel- 
lency kindly  permits  us  to  indulge  in  a  jest)  on  the  day  of 
my  graduation.  A  young  Chinese  tradesman  was  invited 
to  one  of  the  Commencement  entertainments,  and,  knowing 
our  language  but  imperfectly,  was  a  good  deal  pestered 
with  questions  about  the  institutions  of  his  own  country ; 
among  others,  whether  there  were  any  colleges  in  Canton. 
He  probably  thought  that  college  was  the  general  name  of 
all  corporations,  for  whatever  object  (as  indeed  it  is  in  Lat- 
in), and  answered  that  there  were  two  colleges,  each  of  which 
had  four  presidents,  and  no  students,  —  an  arrangement 
which  would  lighten  the  burden  of  administering  the  disci- 
pline of  the  institutions,  rather  more  than  it  would  promote 
the  cause  of  education. 

I  cannot,  however,  sir  (to  pass  to  a  more  serious  strain), 
speak  on  behalf  of  the  ex-Presidents  without  feeling  to  what 
disadvantage  I  do  it.  If  you,  on  entering  upon  the  duties 
of  the  chair,  thought  it  necessary  to  apologize  for  taking  the 
place  of  the  distinguished  President*  and  first  Vice-President f 
of  the  Association  (men  worthy  in  all  respects  of  the  praises 
bestowed  by  you  upon  them,  but  with  whom  no  other  person 
would  think  you  were  yourself  unequally  matched),  how  can 
I  but  feel  oppressed,  in  speaking  for  him,  the  Nestor  of  ex- 

*  Hon.  R.  C.  Winthrop.  f  n°n-  C-  F-  Adams. 


INAUGUKATION    OF    PRESIDENT    FELTON.  313 

Presidents  and  Alumni,  who  stands  alone,  by  so  many  titles, 
in  our  respect  and  affection,  —  whose  presence,  though  but 
for  an  hour,  has  added  so  much  to  the  dignity  and  interest 
of  the  day,  and  whose  necessary  withdrawal  from  its  further 
excitements  is  so  deeply  felt  by  us  all. 

There  is  no  one  who  can  better  congratulate  our  honored 
friend,  who  now  accedes  to  the  chair,  than  we  who  have 
gone  before  him.  We  know  the  nature  of  the  duties  to  be 
"performed,  —  of  the  rewards  to  be  hoped  for  in  their  consci- 
entious discharge.  When  I  reflect,  that,  since  the  resignation 
of  President  Quincy,  our  Alma  Mater  has  successively  called 
three  of  us  into  her  service,  whose  united  terms  have  not 
equalled  his,  and  has  at  length  intrusted  her  interests  to  you, 
sir  (President  Felton),  whose  vigorous  constitution  and  locks 
unbleached  by  time  afford  a  promise,  if  not  of  the  fifty  years 
to  which  you  have  playfully  alluded,  yet  certainly  of  a  long, 
long  period  of  service  and  usefulness,  I  am  reminded  of  that 
most  magnificent  verse,  in  the  oldest  and  greatest  of  poems 
(scarcely  less  familiar  to  you,  sir,  than  your  mother  tongue), 
the  verse  which  describes  the  descent  of  Neptune  from  Samo- 
thrace  to  iEgse,  while  woods  and  mountains  trembled  be- 
neath the  immortal  feet  of  the  God :  — 

Tp\s  pev  upe^ar   lav,  to  Se  rtrparov  iKero  reKpap. 
"  Thrice  he  strode  on  his  march,  but  the  fourth  time  he  came  to  the  goal." 

Our  new  President  enters  upon  his  office  certainly  under 
the  happiest  auspices.  As  the  Governor  has  observed,  the 
unanimous  choice  of  the  academic  boards  called  him  to  the 
place ;  and  that  election  has  been  ratified  by  the  equally 
unanimous  voice  of  the  Alumni,  and  the  hearty  approval  of 
the  public.  This,  too,  at  a  time  when,  under  the  skilful  ad- 
ministration of  our  honored  friend,  Dr.  Walker,  the  institu- 
tion had  reached  a  point  of  unexampled  prosperity,  and  no 
thought  of  any  but  first-rate  qualifications  in  a  successor 
would  have  been  tolerated  for  a  moment.  Not  only  had 
larger  classes  than  ever  before  begun  to  resort  to  the  institu- 
tion, equalled  only  by  that  which  has  been  entered  this  week, 
but   the    standard   of  scholarship   in   the   classics,    in   other 


314  INAUGURATION    OF    PRESIDENT    FELTON. 

branches  of  polite  literature,  in  the  exact  sciences,  in  mental 
philosophy,  has  become  so  much  higher  than  when  I  was  an 
undergraduate,  that  it  hardly  seems  the  same  institution. 
Then,  sir,  the  professional  and  scientific  schools,  the  collec- 
tions, the  apparatus,  and  the  libraries,  and  the  means  of  pur- 
suing the  most  advanced  studies  in  every  department,  make 
it  a  real  Universitas  artium.  In  this  prosperous  condition 
we  now  commit  it  trustingly  to  your  charge,  and  look  for  its 
steady  progress  ;  and  if  I  might  venture  a  hint  at  what  we 
elder  brethren  would  recommend,  it  would  be  that  our  young 
friends,  the  undergraduates,  would  hit  upon  some  way  of 
working  off  the  exuberant  spirits  of  youth  a  little  more  gen- 
erous and  kindly  toward  the  new-comer,  —  a  little  more 
thoughtful  and  considerate  toward  their  true  friends,  the  Fac- 
ulty, —  than  those  which  (notwithstanding  the  general  man- 
liness of  the  student)  still,  to  some  extent,  prevail.  I  say 
their  "true  friends,"  for  while  I  was  connected  with  the 
University,  never  did  I  see,  on  the  part  of  the  Faculty,  the 
slightest  indication  of  a  harsh  or  vindictive  feeling  toward 
their  charge. 

It  is,  lacking  one  year,  two  centuries  and  a  quarter  from 
the  date  of  the  institution,  —  no  inconsiderable  period  in  any 
country,  and  one  which,  in  this  country,  goes  back  to  the 
very  cradle  of  the  settlement.  May  we  not  take  an  honest 
pride  in  reflecting  on  the  large  number  of  distinguished  men, 
in  Church  and  in  State,  who,  during  this  period,  have  ac- 
knowledged this  seat  of  learning  as  their  nursing  mother,  — 
standing,  as  it  did,  alone  in  the  British  Colonies  for  two  gen- 
erations, and  never  in  after  times  —  no,  never  for  an  hour  — 
filling  a  lower  place  among  her  sisters  than  that  which  she 
now  fills?  Two  centuries  of  time  have  elapsed, — centuries 
which  have  changed  the  aspect  of  the  world  at  home  and 
abroad,  —  which  have  wrought  a  succession  of  revolutions 
that  have  shaken  the  most  ancient  thrones  to  the  foundation, 
during  which  the  Colonies  have  passed  through  that  "  strug- 
gle for  life  "  of  which  we  now  hear  so  much  from  the  phys- 
iologists, into  the  condition  of  thirty-three  independent 
States,  and  with  nearly  as  many  millions  of  people ;  and  our 


INAUGURATION    OF    PRESIDENT    FELTON.  315 

noble  Harvard  still  maintains  as  honorable  a  rank  among  the 
sister  institutions,  numerous  and  reputable  as  they  are,  as 
at  any  former  period  of  her  history. 

But  let  us  not  forget  that  the  sister  institutions  are  not 
only  numerous  and  highly  respectable,  but  animated,  many 
of  them,  by  a  generous  spirit  of  emulation,  well  calculated 
to  keep  the  older  seminaries  on  the  stretch.  Among  all 
the  wonders  of  the  great  West,  nothing  struck  me  more 
than  the  ample  provision  made  and  making  in  every  branch 
of  education.  The  state  of  society  does  not  yet  call  for 
Universities  on  the  same  scale  as  the  oldest  and  best-fur- 
nished in  the  Eastern  States,  but  our  brethren  in  the  West 
are  rapidly,  if  I  may  use  the  homely  expression,  treading  on 
our  heels.  I  had  the  pleasure  three  years  ago  of  visiting  a 
seminary  in  the  interior  of  Michigan,  —  an  Indian  wilderness 
within  the  memory  of  man,  —  which,  for  the  character  of 
its  chancellor  and  faculty,  for  its  scientific  collections,  and  its 
observatory,  would  have  done  no  discredit  to  one  of  the 
oldest  States,  and  the  entire  expense  of  the  establishment 
defrayed  by  the  Commonwealth.  I  assisted  about  the  same 
time  at  the  inauguration  of  a  University  at  St.  Louis,  which 
for  liberality  of  endowment,  and,  what  is  better,  liberality  of 
principle,  bids  fair  to  be  a  radiating  centre  of  intelligence  to 
that  mighty  valley  of  the  Mississippi.  The  school  funds  of 
some  of  these  new  States  approach  the  fabulous.  That  of 
Illinois  exceeds  four  millions  of  dollars.  That  of  Texas 
exceeds  two  millions  of  dollars  ;  while  the  separate  counties, 
in  that  State,  have  landed  endowments  for  common  schools 
amounting  in  the  aggregate  to  over  two  millions  of  acres  of 
land,  and  the  University  fund  exceeds  two  hundred  and 
twenty  thousand  acres.  In  the  cities  of  Cincinnati  and 
Chicago  I  saw  schools  which,  for  the  scale  of  expenditure 
and  accommodation,  are  not  exceeded  in  Boston. 

We  cannot  contemplate  these  rising  institutions  with  any- 
thing but  delight;  from  the  walls  of  old  Harvard  we  bid 
them  God  speed ;  they  are  in  no  small  degree  our  intellectual 
offspring.  These  new  republics  are  doing,  in  their  infancy, 
what  our  fathers  did  in  the  infancy  of  Massachusetts ;  they 


316     INAUGURATION  OF  PROFESSOR  FELTON. 

are  furnishing  us  a  common  ground  of  intellectual  sympathy 
between  East  and  "West,  which  you,  sir,  I  am  sure  will  re- 
joice to  foster;  and  Heaven  grant  that  two  centuries  hence 
they  may  boast  of  their  ancient  and  venerable  Yales,  and 
Harvards,  and  Dartmouths,  and  Columbias,  and  Princetons, 
and  William  and  Marys,  as  we  now  boast  of  ours. 


EVERETT  SCHOOL-HOUSE* 


Mr.  Chairman:  — 

You  will  easily  believe  that  I  feel  a  peculiar  interest  in  the 
occasion  that  has  called  us  together.  The  dedication  of  a 
new  first-class  school-house  is  at  all  times  an  event  of  far 
greater  importance  to  the  welfare  of  the  community  than 
many  of  the  occurrences  which  at  the  time  attract  much 
more  of  the  public  attention,  and  fill  a  larger  space  in  the 
pages  of  history.  The  house  which  we  this  day  dedicate  is 
to  be  occupied  by  a  school  which  had  already,  as  the  Dwight 
School  for  Girls,  established  an  enviable  reputation  among 
the  sister  institutions.  It  is  now,  in  consequence  of  the  rapid 
growth  of  this  part  of  the  city,  whose  early  appearance,  Mr. 
Mayor,  you  have  so  graphically  described,  transferred,  with 
the  happiest  prospects,  to  this  new,  spacious,  and  admirably 
arranged  building,  —  a  model  school-house,  fit  for  the  recep- 
tion of  a  model  school.  I  hope,  as  a  friend  to  education 
from  my  youth  up,  I  should  duly  appreciate  the  importance 
of  such  an  event ;  but  you  have  kindly  given  me  a  reason  — 
to  the  strength  of  which  it  would  be  affectation  to  seem 
insensible  —  for  taking  an  especial  interest  in  this  day's  cer- 
emonial. 

One  of  the  highest  honors  which  can  be  paid  to  an  indi- 
vidual, one  of  the  most  enviable  tokens  of  the  good  opinion 
of  the  community  in  which  he  lives,  is  to  connect  his  name 
with  some  permanent  material  object,  some  scientific  dis- 
covery, some  achievement  in  art,  some  beneficent  institution, 
with   reference   to  which,  by  word  or  by  deed,  he  may  be 

*  Remarks  at  the  dedication  of  the  Everett  School-House  in  Boston,  17th 
September,  1860. 


318  EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE. 

thought  to  have  deserved  well  of  his  fellow-men.  Hundreds 
of  towns  and  cities  on  the  continent  recall  the  memory  of  the 
great  and  good  men  who,  in  peace  and  in  war,  founded  and 
sustained  the  liberties  and  rights  of  the  country.  Science 
gives  the  name  of  the  astronomer  to  the  comet  whose  peri- 
odical return  he  has  ascertained.  Botany  commemorates  her 
votaries  in  the  flowers  and  the  trees  —  the  Kalmias,  the 
Dahlias,  the  Robinias  —  which  they  first  discovered  and 
described.  The  fossil  relics  of  the  elder  world  are  desig- 
nated by  the  names  of  the  geologists  who  first  exhumed  them 
from  their  adamantine  graves.  We  cannot  but  feel  that  one 
of  the  strongest  instincts  of  our  nature  is  gratified  by  these 
associations. 

But  what  are  these  lifeless,  soulless  substances,  these  mute, 
inanimate  bodies  in  the  heavens  above,  or  the  earth  beneath, 
—  the  vaporous  comet,  the  fading  flower,  the  extinct  animal 
whose  very  skeleton  is  turned  into  stone,  —  compared  with  an 
institution  like  this,  —  a  living  fountain  of  eternal  light,  a 
flower-garden  planted  in  each  succeeding  year  with  germs  of 
undying  growth,  a  nursery  beneath  whose  fostering  wings 
so  many  immortal  spirits  shall  be  trained  up  in  the  paths  of 
duty,  usefulness,  and  happiness  ?  Here  you  permit  me  to 
hope  that  my  poor  name  will  be  kindly  remembered  as  long 
as  the  schools  of  Boston  shall  retain  their  name  and  their 
praise  in  the  land ;  and  that  I  am  well  aware  will  be  as  long 
as  Boston  herself  shall  occupy  her  place  on  the  earth's  sur- 
face ;  for  as  long  as  there  is  a  city  council  to  appropriate  a 
dollar,  or  a  treasurer  to  pay  it,  I  am  sure  it  will  be  voted 
and  paid  for  the  support  of  the  schools.  Devoted  for  a 
pretty  long  life  to  the  public  service,  in  a  variety  of  pursuits 
and  occupations,  laboring,  I  know  I  may  say  diligently,  and  I 
hope  I  may  add,  though  sometimes  with  erring  judgment,  yet 
always  with  honest  purpose,  for  the  public  good,  at  home  and 
abroad,  I  frankly  own,  sir,  that  no  public  honor,  compliment, 
or  reward,  which  has  ever  fallen  to  my  lot,  has  given  me 
greater  pleasure  than  the  association  of  my  name  with  one  of 
these  noble  public  schools  of  Boston. 

They  are  indeed,  sir,  the  just  pride  and  boast  of  our  an- 


EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE.  319 

cient  metropolis,  and  it  is  with  great  propriety  that  you 
select  the  17th  of  September  for  the  dedication,  of  a  new 
school-house.  As  the  corporate  existence  of  the  city  dates 
from  that  day,  so  nothing  can  contribute  more  to  its  contin- 
ued prosperous  growth  —  to  its  perpetual  life  —  than  the 
organization  of  these  admirable  institutions.  What  offering 
to  our  beloved  city,  on  this  its  two  hundred  and  thirtieth  birth- 
day as  you  have  justly  styled  it,  can  we  present  to  her  more 
appropriate,  more  welcome,  more  auspicious  of  good,  than 
the  means  of  educating  eight  hundred  of  her  daughters  ? 
Nor  is  it  the  birthday  of  our  city  alone.  On  this  day,  seven- 
ty-three years  ago,  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States 
went  forth  to  the  people  from  the  hand  of  the  peerless  Chief, 
who,  whether  in  war  or  in  peace,  commanded  all  their  respect 
and  united  all  their  affection.  The  best,  the  only  hope  under 
Providence,  that  we  may  long  enjoy,  we  and  our  children,  the 
blessings  which  it  secures  to  us  as  a  united,  happy,  and  pros- 
perous people,  is  in  the  intelligence,  virtue,  and  enlightened 
patriotism  of  which  these  free  schools  are  the  great  living 
fountain. 

We  are  accused  sometimes  by  our  brethren  in  other  parts 
of  the  country,  and  by  our  friends  on  the  other  side  of  the 
water,  with  being  a  little  given  to  self-laudation.  I  don't 
think  that  the  worst  fault  of  a  community,  though  it  may  be 
carried  too  far  for  good  taste.  But  it  implies  at  least  the 
possession  of  something  which  we  not  only  ourselves  think 
worthy  of  praise,  but  which  we  have  reason  to  believe  is  held 
in  esteem  by  others.  But  I  really  do  not  think  we  habitually 
over-praise  the  common  schools  of  Boston.  Not  that  they  are 
perfect ;  nothing  human  is  perfect ;  but  I  must  think  it  as 
liberal,  comprehensive,  and  efficient  a  system  as  the  imperfec- 
tion of  human  affairs  admits.  It  aims  to  give  to  the  entire 
population  of  both  sexes  a  thorough  education  in  all  the  use- 
ful branches  of  knowledge.  If  there  is  a  class  in  the  com- 
munity so  low  that  the  system  does  not  go  down  to  them,  it  is 
for  causes  which  no  system,  established  by  municipal  author- 
ity in  a  free  country,  can  overcome.  In  all  cities  as  large  as 
Boston  there  must  be  some  hundreds  of  unhappy  children, 


320  EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE. 

such  as  those  to  whom  I  alluded  last  Saturday  (it  makes  one's 
heart  bleed  to  see  them),  whose  wretched  parents  prefer 
sending  them  into  the  streets  to  beg,  to  gather  chips,  to 
peddle  lozenges  and  newspapers,  rather  than  to  send  them  to 
school.  But  with  reasonable  co-operation  on  the  part  of  the 
parents,  the  city  does  certainly,  as  I  have  said,  provide  the 
means  by  which  a  thorough  education,  in  all  the  elementary 
branches  of  useful  knowledge,  may  be  attained  by  all  her 
children. 

The  cost  at  which  this  end  is  obtained  bears  witness  to 
the  liberality  of  the  city.  I  perceive  by  the  Auditor's  Report, 
that,  for  the  last  financial  year,  the  expenditure  on  the  schools, 
exclusive  of  school-houses,  amounted  to  $  373,668.61  ;  for 
school-houses,  $  144,202.67,  making  a  total  of  $  517,371.28  ; 
—  $  17,871  over  half  a  million  of  dollars,  for  a  single  year, 
which  I  am  inclined  to  think  is,  in  proportion  to  our  pop- 
ulation, a  larger  expenditure  for  the  purposes  of  educa- 
tion than  is  made  by  any  city  or  people  on  the  face  of  the 
globe.  Supposing  the  population  of  London  to  exceed  ours 
twelvefold,  a  proportionate  expenditure  on  her  part  would 
be  above  $  6,000,000.  What  amount  is  raised  by  taxation  in 
London  for  the  support  of  schools,  at  the  present  time,  I 
have  not  been  able  to  learn.  The  last  statement  which  I 
have  seen  pertains  to  the  year  1851,  in  which  it  is  said  that 
the  number  of  children,  of  both  sexes,  educated  in  schools 
supported  by  taxation,  was  6,981,  say  7,000.  The  proportion 
for  Boston,  on  that  scale,  would  be  about  580,  instead  of 
more  than  25,000  children,  the  actual  number.  It  is  not,  of 
course,  to  be  understood  that  there  was  no  other  provision  for 
education  in  London  in  1851 ;  but  the  main  dependence  for 
higher  education  was,  and  is,  on  the  endowed  schools,  and 
for  the  education  of  the  masses  on  the  Sunday  schools  main- 
tained by  the  various  religious  denominations. 

Much  has  been  done  for  popular  education  in  England  of 
late  years,  but  it  is  still  in  its  infancy.  The  mass  of  the 
people  in  town  and  in  country  have  no  education  but  what 
they  get  at  Dame  Schools,  as  they  are  called,  corresponding 
to  our  primary  schools,   or  in    common    schools  of   a    very 


EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE.  321 

humble  character.  They  are  doubtless  of  various  degrees  of 
merit,  and  I  would  not  imitate  the  unfairness  sometimes  prac- 
tised toward  ourselves  by  our  brethren  abroad,  in  quoting 
exceptional  cases  as  evidence  of  "  a  state  of  things."  The 
following  account  of  a  common  school  in  Liverpool  is  taken 
from  a  parliamentary  report  in  1838,  at  which  time  the  popu- 
lation of  Liverpool  was  not  much  below  that  of  Boston  at 
the  present  day.  With  respect  to  Dame  Schools  the  report 
says :  "  It  is  not  unusual  to  find  the  mistress  of  a  Dame 
School  gone  out  for  the  day,  and  her  school  left  in  charge  of 
some  neighbor  or  neighbor's  child.  Sometimes  she  is  found 
washing  at  the  back  of  the  house  ;  at  other  times  the  wash- 
ing and  drying  are  carried  on  at  the  school."  As  a  specimen 
of  a  "  common  school,"  we  are  told  that  in  a  garret,  up  three 
pair  of  dark,  broken  stairs,  in  Liverpool,  was  a  common 
school  with  forty  children,  in  the  compass  of  ten  feet  by 
nine.  On  a  perch,  forming  a  triangle  with  the  corner  of  the 
room,  sat  a  cock  and  two  hens.  Under  a  stump  bed  was  a 
dog-kennel,  occupied  by  three  black  terriers,  whose  barking, 
added  to  the  noise  of  the  children  and  the  cackling  of  the 
fowls  at  the  appearance  of  the  stranger,  was  almost  deafen- 
ing. There  was  only  one  small  window,  at  which  sat  the 
master,  obstructing  two  thirds  of  the  light.  There  are 
several  schools  in  the  same  neighborhood,  which  are  in  the 
same  condition,  filthy  in  the  extreme.  One  master,  who 
stated  that  he  used  the  globes,  was  asked  if  he  had  both  or 
one  only.  "  Both,"  was  the  reply ;  "  how  could  I  teach 
geography  with  one  ?  "  It  appeared  that  he  thought  both 
necessary,  because  one  represented  one  half,  and  the  other 
the  remaining  half  of  the  world.  "  He  turned  me  out  of 
his  school,"  says  the  agent,  "  when  I  explained  to  him  his 
error." 

I  would  not  be  guilty  of  the  injustice  of  quoting  these  as 
fair  specimens  of  the  common  schools  of  England,  though 
they  appear  to  be  quoted  for  that  purpose  in  the  parlia- 
mentary report.  They  are  probably  specimens  of  the  very 
poorest  schools,  brought  forward  for  the  purpose  of  showing 
the  need  of  reform.     It  seems  hard  to  believe  that  such  a 

VOL.  iv.  21 


322  EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE. 

school  as  that  described  could  have  existed  in  Liverpool 
forty  years  after  the  first  Athenaeum  was  founded  in  that 
city,  by  Roscoe,  and  seven  years  after  that  distinguished  and 
enlightened  citizen  had  closed  his  career. 

The  school-house  whose  dedication  we  are  assembled  to 
witness  is  for  the  accommodation  of  a  girls'  school ;  and  this 
circumstance  seems  to  invite  a  few  words  on  female  educa- 
tion. There  is  a  good  deal  of  discussion  at  the  present  day 
on  the  subject  of  Women's  Rights.  No  one  would  be  willing 
to  allow  that  he  wished  to  deprive  them  of  their  rights,  and 
the  only  difficulty  seems  to  be  to  settle  what  their  rights  are. 
The  citizens  of  Boston,  acting  by  their  municipal  representa- 
tives, have  long  since  undertaken  to  answer  this  question  in  a 
practical  way  (always  better  than  a  metaphysical  solution 
of  such  questions),  as  far  as  a  city  government  can  do  it,  by 
admitting  the  right  of  the  girls  to  have,  at  the  public  expense, 
as  good  an  education  as  the  boys.  It  is  not  in  the  power  of 
the  city  to  amend  our  constitutions,  if  amendment  it  would 
be,  so  as  to  extend  political  privileges  to  the  gentler  sex,  nor 
to  alter  the  legislation  which  regulates  the  rights  of  property. 
But  it  was  in  the  power  of  the  city  to  withhold  or  to  grant 
equal  privileges  of  education ;  and  it  has  decided  that  the 
free  grammar  schools  of  Boston  should  be  open  alike  to  boys 
and  girls.  This  seems  to  me  not  only  a  recognition,  at  the 
outset,  of  the  most  important  of  Women's  Rights,  viz.  equal 
participation  in  these  institutions,  but  the  best  guaranty  that, 
if  in  anything  else  the  sex  is  unjustly  or  unfairly  dealt  with, 
the  remedy  will  come  in  due  time.  With  the  acknowledged 
equality  of  woman  in  general  intellectual  endowments,  though 
tending  in  either  sex  to  an  appropriate  development,  with  her 
admitted  superiority  to  man  in  tact,  sensibility,  physical  and 
moral  endurance,  quickness  of  perception,  and  power  of  ac- 
commodation to  circumstances,  give  her  for  two  or  three 
generations  equal  advantages  of  mental  culture,  and  the  lords 
of  creation,  as  you,  Mr.  Chairman,  have  called  them,  will  have 
to  carry  more  guns  than  they  do  at  present  to  keep  her  out 
of  the  enjoyment  of  anything  which  sound  reasoning  and 
fair  experiment  shall  show  to  be  of  her  rights. 


EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE.  323 

I  have,  however,  strong  doubts  whether,  tried  by  this  test, 
the  result  would  be  a  participation  in  the  performance  of  the 
political  duties  which  the  experience  of  the  human  race,  in 
all  ages,  has  nearly  confined  to  the  coarser  sex.  I  do  not 
rest  this  opinion  solely  on  the  fact  that  those  duties  do  not 
seem  congenial  with  the  superior  delicacy  of  women,  or  com- 
patible with  the  occupations  which  nature  assigns  to  her  in 
the  domestic  sphere.  I  think  it  would  be  found,  on  trial,  that 
nothing  would  be  gained  —  nothing  changed  for  the  better — 
by  putting  the  sexes  on  the  same  footing,  with  respect,  for 
instance,  to  the  right  of  suffrage.  Whether  the  wives  and 
sisters  agreed  with  the  husbands  and  brothers,  or  differed 
from  them,  as  this  agreement  or  difference  would,  in  the  long 
run,  exist  equally  in  all  parties,  the  result  would  be  the  same 
as  at  present.  So,  too,  whether  the  wife  or  the  husband  had 
the  stronger  will,  and  so  dictated  the  other's  vote,  as  this  also 
would  be  the  same,  on  all  sides,  the  result  would  not  be 
affected.  So  that  it  would  be  likely  to  turn  out  that  the 
present  arrangement,  by  which  the  men  do  the  electioneering 
and  the  voting  for  both  sexes,  is  a  species  of  representation 
which,  leaving  results  unchanged,  promotes  the  convenience 
of  all,  and  does  injustice  to  none. 

Meantime,  for  all  the  great  desirable  objects  of  life,  the 
possession  of  equal  advantages  for  the  improvement  of  the 
mind  is  of  vastly  more  importance  than  the  participation  of 
political  power.  There  are,  humanly  speaking,  three  great 
objects  of  pursuit  on  earth,  —  well-being,  or  happiness  for 
ourselves  and  families ;  influence  and  control  over  others ; 
and  a  good  name  with  our  fellow-men,  while  we  live  and 
when  we  are  gone.  Who  needs  be  told,  that,  in  the  present 
state  of  the  world,  a  good  education  is  not  indeed  a  sure, 
but  by  far  the  most  likely  means  of  attaining  all  the  ends 
which  constitute  material  prosperity,  competence,  position, 
establishment  in  life ;  and  that  it  also  opens  the  purest  sources 
of  enjoyment?  The  happiest  condition  of  human  existence 
is  unquestionably  to  be  found  in  the  domestic  circle  of  what 
may  be  called  the  middle  condition  of  life,  in  a  family  har- 
moniously united  in  the  cultivation  and  enjoyment  of  the 


324  EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE. 

innocent  and  rational  pleasures  of  literature,  art,  and  refined 
intercourse,  equally  removed  from  the  grandeurs  and  the 
straits  of  society.  These  innocent  and  rational  pleasures, 
and  this  solid  happiness,  are  made  equally  accessible  to  both 
sexes  by  our  admirable  school  system. 

Then  for  influence  over  others,  as  it  depends  much  more 
on  personal  qualities  than  on  official  prerogative,  equality 
of  education  furnishes  the  amplest  means  of  equal  ascen- 
dancy. It  is  the  mental  and  moral  forces,  not  political  power, 
which  mainly  govern  the  world.  It  is  but  a  few  years  since 
the  three  greatest  powers  in  Europe,  two  on  one  side  and  one 
on  the  other,  engaged  in  a  deadly  struggle  with  each  other  to 
decide  the  fate  of  the  Turkish  Empire  ;  three  Christian  powers 
straining  every  nerve,  the  one  to  overthrow,  the  two  others  to 
uphold  the  once  great  and  formidable,  but  now  decaying  and 
effete  Mohammedan  despotism  of  Western  Asia.  Not  less 
than  half  a  million  of  men  were  concentrated  in  the  Crimea, 
and  all  the  military  talent  of  the  age  was  called  forth  in  the 
contest.  And  who,  as  far  as  individuals  were  concerned,  bore 
off  the  acknowledged  palm  of  energy,  usefulness,  and  real 
power  in  that  tremendous  contest  ?  Not  emperors  and  kings, 
not  generals,  admirals,  or  engineers,  launching  from  impreg- 
nable fortresses  and  blazing  intrenchments  the  three-bolted 
thunders  of  war.  No,  but  an  English  girl,  bred  up  in  the 
privacy  of  domestic  life,  and  appearing  on  that  dread  stage 
of  human  action  and  suffering  in  no  higher  character  than 
that  of  a  nurse ! 

And  then  for  fame,  to  which,  by  a  natural  instinct,  the 
ingenuous  soul  aspires,  — 

"  The  spur  that  the  clear  spirit  doth  raise 
(That  last  infirmity  of  noble  mind) 
To  scorn  delights,  and  live  laborious  days,"  — 

need  I  say,  that  the  surest  path  to  a  reputation,  for  the  mass 
of  mankind,  is  by  intellectual  improvement ;  and  that  in  this 
respect,  therefore,  our  school  system  places  the  sexes  on  an 
equality?  Consider  for  a  moment  the  spectacle  presented  by 
the  reign  of  Louis  XIV.,  the   Augustan  age  of  France,  rich 


EVERETT    SCHOOL-HOUSE.  325 

in  the  brightest  names  of  her  literature,  philosophy,  politics, 
and  war,  —  Pascal,  Descartes,  Corneille,  Racine,  Lafontaine, 
Moliere,  Bossuet,  Fdnelon,  Bourdaloue,  Massillon,  Colbert, 
Conde,  Turenne,  Catinat.  Among  all  these  illustrious  names 
there  is  not  one  that  shines  with  a  brighter  or  purer  ray  than 
Madame  de  Sevigne* ;  not  one  whose  writings  are  more  exten- 
sively read  by  posterity;  not  one  in  whose  domestic  life 
and  personal  character  all  future  ages  will  probably  take  a 
deeper  interest.  Most  of  the  other  distinguished  individuals 
whom  I  have  mentioned  we  regard  with  cold  admiration,  as 
personages  in  the  great  drama  of  history.  We  feel  as  if 
Madame  de  Sevigne*  belonged  to  our  own  families.  The  fa- 
miliar letters,  principally  to  her  daughter,  written  by  this  vir- 
tuous and  accomplished  woman,  who  preserved  her  purity  in 
a  licentious  court,  who  thought  with  vigor  and  wrote  with 
simplicity,  earnestness,  and  true  wit  in  a  pedantic  and  affected 
age,  have  given  her  a  place  among  the  celebrities  of  France, 
which  the  most  distinguished  of  them  might  envy. 

Apart,  then,  Girls,  from  a  preparation  for  the  pursuits, 
duties,  and  enjoyments  of  life  which  more  especially  pertain 
to  your  sex,  in  the  present  organization  of  society  you  pos- 
sess in  these  advantages  of  education  the  means  of  useful- 
ness and  (if  that  be  an  object)  of  reputation  which,  without 
these,  would  be,  in  a  great  degree,  monopolized  by  the  strong- 
er sex.  The  keys  of  knowledge  are  placed  in  your  hands, 
from  its  elemental  principles  up  to  the  higher  branches  of 
useful  learning.  These,  however,  are  topics  too  familiar  on 
occasions  of  this  kind  to  be  dwelt  upon  ;  and  I  will  conclude 
by  offering  you  my  best  wishes,  that  the  reputation  already 
acquired  by  the  Dwight  School  for  Girls  may  be  maintained, 
under  the  new  organization ;  that  your  improvement  may  be 
proportioned  to  your  advantages;  that  your  progress  may 
equal  the  warmest  wishes  of  your  teachers,  parents,  and 
friends;  and  that  you  may  grow  up  to  the  enjoyment  of  the 
best  blessings  of  this  world,  and  the  brightest  and  highest 
hopes  of  the  world  to  come. 


FLAG-RAISING  IN   CHESTER   SQUARE* 


Fellow-Citizens  and  Friends:  — 

The  great  assemblage  that  I  see  around  me,  the  simple 
but  interesting  ceremonial  with  which  the  flag  of  our  coun- 
try is  thrown  to  the  breeze,  the  strains  of  inspiring  music, 
the  sweet  concert  of  those  youthful  voices,  the  solemn  sup- 
plication of  the  reverend  clergyman  which  still  rings  in  our 
ears,  —  all  these  proclaim  the  deep  patriotic  sentiment  of 
which  that  flag  is  the  symbol  and  the  expression.  Nay,  more, 
it  speaks  for  itself.  Its  mute  eloquence  needs  no  aid  from 
my  lips  to  interpret  its  significance.  Fidelity  to  the  Union 
blazes  from  its  stars,  —  allegiance  to  the  government  beneath 
which  we  live  is  wrapped  in  its  folds. 

We  set  up  this  standard,  my  friends,  not  as  a  matter  of 
idle  display,  but  as  an  expressive  indication  that,  in  the 
mighty  struggle  that  has  been  forced  upon  us,  we  are  of  one 
heart  and  one  mind  that  the  government  of  the  country  must 
be  sustained.  We  are  a  law-abiding,  quiet-loving  commu- 
nity. Our  time,  our  thoughts,  our  energies,  are  habitually 
devoted  to  the  peaceful  arts  by  which  communities  grow  and 
prosper ;  but  upon  an  issue  in  which  the  life  of  the  country 
is  involved  we  rally  as  one  man  to  its  defence.  All  former 
differences  of  opinion  are  swept  away  :  we  forget  that  we 
have  ever  been  partisans ;  we  remember  only  that  we  are 
Americans,  and  that  our  country  is  in  peril. 

And  what  is  it  that  has  kindled  this  quiet  and  peace-loving 
community  to  the  present  unexampled  excitement,  —  a  patriot- 
ic unanimity  not  witnessed  even  in  1775  ?     Why  is  it  that  the 

*  Remarks  on  the  occasion  of  raising  the  American  flag  in  Chester  Square, 
Boston,  27th  April,  1861. 


FLAG-RAISING    IN    CHESTER    SQUARE.  327 

flag  of  the  country  —  always  honored,  always  beloved  —  is 
now  all  at  once  worshipped,  I  may  say,  with  the  passionate 
homage  of  this  whole  people  ?  .Why  does  it  float,  as  never 
before,  not  merely  from  arsenal  and  mast-head,  but  from  tower 
and  steeple,  from  the  public  edifice,  the  temple  of  science,  the 
private  dwelling,  in  magnificent  display  or  miniature  present- 
ment ?  Let  Fort  Sumter  give  the  answer.  When  on  this 
day  fortnight,  the  13th  of  April  (a  day  forever  to  be  held  in 
inauspicious  remembrance,  like  the  dies  Alliensis  in  the  annals 
of  Rome),  the  tidings  spread  through  the  land  that  the  standard 
of  United  America,  the  pledge  of  her  Union  and  the  symbol 
of  her  power,  which  so  many  gallant  hearts  had  poured  out 
their  life-blood,  on  the  ocean  and  the  land,  to  uphold,  had, 
in  the  harbor  of  Charleston,  been,  for  a  day  and  a  half,  the 
target  of  eleven  fratricidal  batteries,  one  deep,  unanimous, 
spontaneous  feeling  shot,  with  the  tidings,  through  the  bosoms 
of  twenty  millions  of  freemen,  that  its  outraged  honor  must 
be  vindicated. 

And  oh !  fellow-citizens,  if,  aloof  as  we  are  from  the  im- 
mediate danger  of  the  conflict,  sheltered  in  our  own  comfort- 
able homes,  with  the  objects  of  our  affections  around  us,  we 
can  refuse  our  support  to  the  Constitution,  the  laws,  and  the 
government,  in  whose  defence  those  seventy  brave  men,  for 
thirty  frightful  hours,  without  sleep,  almost  without  food, 
compelled  to  draw  the  breath  of  heaven  into  their  lungs 
through  moistened  handkerchiefs,  stood  faithful  and  un- 
daunted beneath  the  iron  storm  bursting  from  above,  and 
the  raging  fires  around  them,  we  shall  deserve  ourselves,  on 
some  disastrous  day,  to  pass  through  a  like  fiery  ordeal. 

I  speak,  fellow-citizens,  in  no  spirit  of  unkindness  to  the 
South.  I  have  been,  through  my  public  life,  some  of  you 
have  thought,  too  much  her  friend.  To  avert  what  seemed 
the  impending  danger  of  a  general  convulsion,  I  have  been 
more  willing  than  some  of  you  to  pursue,  always,  I  hope 
through  honorable  paths,  the  policy  of  conciliation.  Besides 
this,  in  my  humble  efforts  to  rescue  the  home  and  tomb  of 
Washington  from  desecration,  (and  oh !  saddest  of  all  dese- 
crations, that  the   sacred  precincts  should  perhaps  even  now 


328  FLAG-RAISING    IN    CHESTER    SQUARE. 

be  trodden  by  armed  bands,  hastening  to  lay  the  city  which 
bears  his  name  in  ashes !)  I  have  traversed  the  South  every- 
where received  with  the  most  nattering  kindness,  more  than 
most  Northern  men.  In  no  part  of  the  Union  have  I  more 
or  more  valued  friends ;  but  as  Heaven  is  my  judge,  it  is  my 
most  solemn  and  profound  conviction,  that  it  is  infinitely 
more  desirable  for  the  South  than  for  the  North  that  this  suici- 
dal attempt  to  break  up  the  Union  should  be  frustrated. 

For  consider,  fellow-citizens,  that  the  flag  which  you  have 
this  day  given  to  the  breeze  is  not  merely  the  symbol  of 
union  at  home,  but  of  peace,  safety,  and  respect  abroad. 
The  unhallowed  blow  which  has  been  struck  at  it  has  not 
only,  as  its  first  result,  involved  the  country  in  what  all  his- 
tory proclaims  to  be  the  direst  of  all  national  calamities,  —  a 
civil  war,  —  but  it  has  at  once  placed  the  South  at  the  mercy 
of  every  foreign  power. 

No  government  on  this  continent  can  command  the  respect 
of  Europe  that  does  not  possess  a  navy ;  and  the  North,  from 
natural  causes,  must  ever  be  the  exclusive  seat  of  the  naval 
strength  of  the  country.  Our  climate,  our  harbors,  our  fish- 
eries, our  commercial  marine,  are  the  elements  of  this  strength. 
The  South  has  naval  stores,  brave  officers,  live-oak  forests; 
but  what  are  live-oak  trees,  without  live-oak  men  to  compact 
them  into  noble  ships  and  to  launch  their  thunders  ?  What 
would  it  avail  the  South  to  possess  the  whole  English  navy, 
while  their  harbors  are  shut  up  by  bars  over  which  you  can- 
not float  a  bomb-ketch  ?  No,  the  South,  if  she  succeeds  in 
rending  the  Union,  not  only  throws  away  her  share  in  all  the 
future  naval  glories  of  the  country,  but  she  puts  herself,  in  the 
eyes  of  Europe,  by  the  side  of  the  petty  trading  republics  of 
Lubeck,  Bremen,  and  Hamburg.  She  exposes  her  commerce 
to  the  insults  of  every  rover  of  the  sea ;  she  holds  her  coasts 
and  her  harbors,  not  only  at  the  mercy  of  the  great  maritime 
powers  of  England  and  of  France,  but  of  Austria  and  of  Spain, 
—  of  any  third-rate  government  that  keeps  a  few  steam  frigates 
at  sea.  At  this  moment  there  is  nothing  but  that  flag  which 
you  have  this  day  displayed,  that  navy  which  the  South 
is   seeking  to  paralyze  and  destroy,  which   protects  Norfolk 


FLAG-KAISING    IN    CHESTER    SQUARE.  329 

and  Charleston  and  Savannah  and  Pensacola  and  Mobile 
and  New  Orleans  from  the  insults  of  Spain,  justly  irritated 
at  the  filibustering  war  which  has  been  so  often  waged  upon 
Cuba. 

But,  fellow-citizens,  I  forbear.  When  Mr.  Crane  and  the 
other  gentlemen  wished  me  to  take  a  part  in  this  ceremonial,  in 
reply  to  my  observation,  that  no  long  speeches  would,  I  sup- 
posed, be  expected,  he  intimated  the  wish  that  my  remarks 
should  be  "  short,  pithy,  and  to  the  point "  I  cannot  claim 
much  "  pith  or  moment "  for  these  unstudied  suggestions,  but 
I  will  hope  that  they  are  not  very  wide  of  "the  point"  ;  and 
I  promise  you  that  they  shall  be  short ;  for  I  will  only  say, 
in  conclusion,  All  hail  to  the  flag  of  the  Union !  courage  to 
the  heart  and  strength  to  the  hand  to  which  in  all  time  it 
shall  be  intrusted!  May  it  ever  wave  in  unsullied  honor 
over  the  dome  of  the  Capitol,  from  the  country's  strongholds, 
on  the  tented  field,  upon  the  wave-rocked  top-mast.  It  was 
originally  displayed  on  the  1st  of  January,  1776,  from  the 
head-quarters  of  Washington,  whose  lines  of  circumvallation 
around  beleaguered  Boston  traversed  the  fair  spot  where  we 
now  stand ;  and  as  it  was  first  given  to  the  breeze  within  the 
limits  of  our  beloved  State,  so  may  the  last  spot  where  it 
shall  cease  to  float,  in  honor  and  triumph,  be  the  soil  of  our 
own  Massachusetts. 


THE    CALL    TO    ARMS.* 


Mr.  Chairman,  Ladies,  and  Gentlemen  :  — 

The  object  which  brings  us  together,  even  if  it  had  not 
been  so  satisfactorily  stated  and  so  persuasively  enforced  by 
the  gentlemen  who  have  preceded  me,  sufficiently  explains 
itself.  At  the  call  o£  the  President,  seconded  with  the  most 
praiseworthy  and  almost  unexampled  energy  of  the  Governor 
of  Massachusetts,  a  numerous  force  of  volunteers  has  pa- 
triotically hastened  to  the  defence  of  the  capital  of  the  United 
States,  threatened  with  invasion.  The  war,  for  a  long  time 
(though  in  profound  peace)  secretly  prepared  for,  has  been 
openly  commenced  by  the  South,  by  the  seizure  of  the  unde- 
fended forts,  arsenals,  dock-yards,  mints,  and  custom-houses 
of  the  United  States,  and  the  plunder  of  the  public  property 
contained  in  them,  in  flagrant  violation  of  the  law  of  the 
land,  if  the  South  is  still  in  the  Union ;  and  equally  flagrant 
violation  of  every  principle  of  international  law,  if  she  is  out 
of  the  Union.  But  even  these  acts  of  treason  and  rebellion, 
for  such  they  are,  are  thrown  into  the  shade  by  that  last  un- 
utterable outrage  upon  the  flag  of  the  Union  at  Fort  Sumter 
(a  fort  which  no  more  belongs  to  South  Carolina  than  it  does 
to  New  York  or  Massachusetts),  which  has  rallied  twenty 
millions  of  freemen  as  one  man  to  its  defence. 

Following  up  the  unprovoked  and  unrighteous  war  thus  in- 
augurated, a  formidable  military  force,  portions  of  which  have 
been  long  organized  and  trained,  is  now  supposed  to  be  march- 
ing on  Washington,  under  a  most  able  and  energetic  leader, 

*  Remarks  at  Roxbury,  8th  May,  1861,  in  behalf  of  the  families  of  the 
volunteers. 


THE    CALL    TO    ARMS.  331 

who  has  the  oath  of  God  upon  his  conscience  to  support  the 
Constitution,  as  a  senator  of  the  United  States,  an  office 
which  he  has  not  resigned.  Of  the  nature  of  this  war,  in  a 
constitutional  point  of  view,  I  shall  presently  say  a  word.  I 
will  now  only  remark,  that,  if  accounts  from  the  South  can 
be  trusted,  larger  military  forces  than  were  ever  before  arrayed 
on  the  soil  of  America  are  now  on  their  march  northward  or 
concentrating  in  Virginia,  to  assault,  and  if  possible  capture, 
and,  failing  that,  to  lay  in  ashes,  the  city  baptized  with  the 
sacred  name  of  the  Father  of  his  Country ;  the  capital  of  the 
Union,  the  seat  of  its  Government,  the  depository  of  its 
archives,  and  as  such  the  heart,  if  I  may  say  so,  of  the  body 
politic. 

While  this  formidable  movement  is  in  progress  in  front, 
the  Government  has  been  assailed  in  the  rear,  between  the 
capital  of  the  Union  and  the  loyal  States  of  the  North  (from 
which  alone  the  Constitution,  I  grieve  to  say,  in  this  hour  of  its 
extreme  peril,  is  receiving  support  against  open  hostility,  and 
treacherous  neutrality,  not  less  dangerous  than  open  hostility), 
by  a  ferocious  and  bloodthirsty  mob,  audaciously  warring 
against  the  Government  and  its  defenders  with  brickbats, 
paving-stones,  and  all  the  other  cowardly  weapons  of  the  as- 
sassin, by  burning  bridges  and  tearing  up  railroads,  and  cutting 
telegraph  wires,  as  if  it  was  not  enough  to  commit  murder 
and  treason,  unless  war  is  waged  at  the  same  time  against 
the  noblest  works  of  civilization  and  the  most  beneficent 
structures  of  peace.  In  this  unexampled  warfare,  Providence, 
as  in  1775,  has  accorded  to  Massachusetts  the  tearful  glory 
of  furnishing  the  first  martyrs  in  the  cause  of  the  country, 
and,  what  would  before  have  been  thought  impossible,  has 
crowned  even  the  19th  of  April  with  new  wreaths  of  immor- 
tal fame. 

In  this  state  of  things  the  President  of  the  United  States 
has  called  upon  the  people  to  rally  to  the  rescue  of  the  na- 
tional capital,  and  to  the  defence  of  the  Government  of  the 
country.  Wide  as  the  summons  has  gone  forth,  it  has  been 
obeyed  with  an  alacrity  and  unanimity  that  knows  no  parallel 
in  our  history  ;    and  the   volunteers   of  Massachusetts  have 


332  THE    CALL    TO    ARMS. 

been  the  first  in  the  field.     "Unwarlike  in  their  habits  and 
tastes,  a   full    proportion    of   them,  in   our  recent  keen  but 
already  forgotten  party  divisions,  entertaining,  as  I  have  done, 
the   kindliest  feelings  toward  the    South,  they  have  hurried 
from  the  lawyer's  office,  from  the  counting-room,  from  the 
artist's  studio,  in  instances  not  a  few  from  the  pulpit ;  they 
have  left  the  fisher's  line  upon  the  reel,  the  plough  in  the  fur- 
row, the  plane  upon  the  work-bench,  the  hammer  on  the  an- 
vil, the  form  upon  the  printing-press,  —  there  is  not  a  mechan- 
ical art  nor  a  useful  handicraft  that  has  not  its  experts  in 
these  patriotic  ranks,  —  some  at  a  moment's  notice,  all  with 
unhesitating  promptitude,  and  they  have  left   their  families 
behind  them.     These  last  words,  fellow-citizens,  tell  the  whole 
story ;  these  words  are  the  warrant  under  which  this  meeting 
is  held.     They  have  left  behind  them  their  wives,  their  chil- 
dren, their  aged  parents,  their  dependent  relatives   of   every 
degree ;  in  many  cases,  no  doubt,  those  whose  only  reliable 
resource  for  their  daily  bread  was  in  the  stout  arms  which 
have  been  called  away  to  the  defence  of  the  menaced  Union. 
Well,  my  friends,  these   families  must  not  suffer  in  the 
absence  of  their  friends  and  supporters.     The   Government 
will  no  doubt  compensate  its  defenders   as  liberally  as  the 
nature  of  the  case   admits.     But  every  one  knows  that  the 
soldier's  pay  is  no  adequate  substitute  for  the  earnings  of  a 
prosperous  livelihood,  even  in  the  humblest  branches  of  in- 
dustry.    The  deficiency  must  be  made  up  by  the  towns  of 
which  these  brave  volunteers  are  citizens,  acting  in  their  cor- 
porate capacity,  and  by  efforts  like  that  which  you  initiate 
this  evening.     In  a  word,  it  is  absolutely  necessary  that,  in 
one   way   or  another,  by   public   and   private  liberality,   the 
means  of  liberal  assistance  for  the  families  that  need  it  should 
be  provided  by  those  who  remain  at  home.     This  is  a  duty  in 
which  all  of  every  age  and  condition,  and  of  either  sex,  must 
co-operate;  and   I  rejoice  to   see   that  the  gentler  sex  is,  as 
usual,  setting  us  the  example  of  industry   and  zeal  in  this 
patriotic  work.     The  rich  must  contribute  of  their  abundance, 
and  those  of  moderate  means  from  their  competence,  till  our 
brethren  who  take  their  lives  in  their  hands  in  this  righteous 


THE    CALL    TO    ARMS.  333 

cause  are  strengthened  and  cheered  by  the  assurance  that 
those  dearer  to  them  than  their  lives  will  be  cared  for  at 
home. 

If  any  arguments  were  necessary  to  urge  us  to  the  per- 
formance of  this  duty,  they  would  be  found,  and  of  the  most 
powerful  and  persuasive  character,  in  the  nature  and  charac- 
ter of  the  war  which  the  South  is  waging  upon  us.  And 
here  a  state  of  things  presents  itself  which  posterity  will  be 
slow  to  credit.  On  the  last  anniversary  of  our  national  inde- 
pendence, at  the  invitation  of  my  fellow-citizens  of  Boston, 
I  had  occasion  to  undertake  a  defence  of  the  United  States 
Government,  in  its  practical  operation,  against  an  attack 
made  upon  it,  with  considerable  ability,  in  the  British  House 
of  Lords.  In  this  effort  I  claimed,  honestly  and  conscien- 
tiously claimed,  and,  as  I  have  reason  to  think,  with  the  con- 
currence of  my  fellow-citizens,  of  all  parties,  throughout  the 
country,  that,  under  our  Constitution  and  laws,  we  had  en- 
joyed a  prosperity  and  made  a  progress,  not  merely  in  the 
utilitarian,  but  in  the  intellectual  and  refined  arts  of  life, 
without  an  example  in  the  world. 

I  said  nothing  of  the  unhappy  sectional  controversy  that 
was  raging  in  the  country,  not  because  I  was  insensible  to  its 
dangerous  character,  but  because  nothing  was  said  about  it 
in  the  speech  to  which  I  undertook  to  reply.  The  general 
truth  of  my  description  of  the  prosperity  of  the  country,  and 
the  genial  and  fostering  influence  of  our  Constitution  and 
laws,  was  as  generally  admitted  at  the  South  as  at  the  North. 
No  longer  ago  than  the  14th  of  last  November,  Mr.  Stephens 
of  Georgia,  now  Vice-President  of  the  Southern  Confederacy, 
and  a  gentleman  of  first-rate  intelligence,  in  a  public  speech 
at  Milledgeville,  declared  it  as  his  "  settled  conviction  "  that 
the  present  Government  of  the  United  States,  though  not 
without  its  defects,  "comes  nearer  the  objects  of  all  good  gov- 
ernment than  any  other  on  the  face  of  the  earth."  He  pro- 
nounced it  "  a  model  Republic,  the  best  that  the  history  of 
the  world  gives  us  any  account  of";  and  he  asked  in  tri- 
umph, "  Where  will  you  go,  following  the  sun  in  his  circuit 
round  the  globe,  to  find  a  government  that  better  protects  the 


334  THE    CALL    TO    ARMS. 

liberties  of  the  people,  and  secures  to  them  the  blessings 
which  we  enjoy?" 

This,  you  will  observe  again,  was  the  language  of  a  very 
leading  Southern  statesman,  the  second  officer  of  the  new 
Confederacy,  no  longer  ago  than  last  November;  and,  in 
truth,  the  South  had  and  has  greater  cause  than  any  other 
part  of  the  Union  to  be  satisfied  with  the  Government  under 
which  she  lives  and  on  which  she  is  making  war.  Respected 
abroad  as  an  integral  portion  of  one  of  the  great  powers  of 
the  earth,  mainly  in  virtue  of  the  navy  of  the  Union,  of 
which  the  strength  resides  at  the  North,  the  South,  almost 
exclusively  agricultural  in  her  pursuits,  derives  from  her  cli- 
mate a  profitable  monopoly  of  four  great  staple  products,  one 
of  them  the  most  important  single  article  in  the  commerce 
of  the  world;  while,  in  consequence  chiefly  of  the  political 
sympathy  with  each  other  which  pervades  the  slaveholding 
States,  she  has  ever  enjoyed  a  monopoly  scarcely  less  com- 
plete of  the  government  of  the  country. 

At  this  moment,  and  though  numbering  but  a  third 
part  of  the  free  population  of  the  Union,  if  she  had  not 
most  unjustifiably  withdrawn  her  members  of  Congress,  she 
would  have  had  in  her  interest  a  majority  in  the  Senate, 
in  the  House  of  Representatives,  and  in  the  Judiciary.  For 
fifty-six  out  of  the  seventy-two  years,  the  Presidents  of  the 
United  States  have  been  either  Southern  men  or  Northern 
men  in  whom  the  South  has  confided.  For  the  first  time, 
last  November,  a  President  was  chosen  who  received  no  elec- 
toral votes  from  the  South,  but  that  President  has  given  the 
most  distinct  assurances  that  he  contemplated  no  encroach- 
ments on  the  constitutional  rights  of  the  South,  as,  indeed, 
lacking  a  majority  of  both  Houses,  it  is  impossible  that  he 
should  make  any  such  encroachments,  had  he  ever  so  ardently 
desired  it.  Such  are  the  circumstances  under  which  she 
thinks  herself  justified  in   revolting  against  it. 

I  say  "  revolting  against  it,"  although  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis, 
in  his  inaugural  address,  declares  it  an  abuse  of  language  to 
call  it  a  "revolution."  I  cannot  go  into  that  argument  at 
this  late  hour,  nor  would  it  be  appropriate  to  the  occasion  to 


THE    CALL    TO    ARMS.  660 

do  so ;  but  I  believe  it  to  be  as  demonstrable  as  any  propo- 
sition of  Euclid,  that  this  doctrine  of  "  Secession,"  that  is,  the 
constitutional  right  of  a  State  to  sever  at  will  her  connection 
with  the  Union,  is,  if  possible,  still  more  unfounded,  still 
more  fallacious,  than  that  of  its  ill-omened  and  now  univer- 
sally discredited  predecessor,  "  Nullification,"  which  was 
crushed,  never  to  rise  again,  thirty  years  ago,  by  the  iron 
mace  of  Webster  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States. 

I  will  only  say  at  present  that  this  monstrous  pretended  right 
of  "  Secession,"  though  called  a  "  reserved  right,"  is  notorious- 
ly nowhere  expressly  reserved  in  the  Constitution,  although 
every  one  feels  that  nothing  but  an  express  reservation,  in  the 
plainest  terms,  would  be  a  sufficient  ground  for  claiming  such 
a  stupendous  power.  What  is  maintained  by  the  politicians 
of  the  Secession  school  is,  that  the  right  may  be  inferred  from 
one  of  the  amendments  to  the  Constitution,  by  which  it  is 
provided  that  "the  powers  not  delegated  to  the  United  States 
by  the  Constitution,  or  prohibited  to  the  States,  are  reserved  to 
the  States  respectively  or  the  people."  It  is  to  maintain  a 
subtle  and  sophistical  and  utterly  unwarrantable  inference 
from  this  amendment,  that  the  South  is  now  striving  to  break 
up  the  Government,  and  if  resisted  in  that  unhallowed  at- 
tempt, to  drench  the  country  in  blood. 

But  I  am  willing  to  stake  the  great  issue  on  this  amend- 
ment. The  Constitution  does  expressly  delegate  to  the 
United  States  all  the  powers  of  a  sovereign  state,  with  re- 
spect to  international  and  interstate  affairs ;  the  whole  war 
power;  the  whole  admiralty  power;  the  whole  commercial 
power ;  the  whole  financial  power ;  the  power  to  regulate 
and  dispose  of  the  public  territory ;  the  power  over  the  In- 
dians, over  the  post-office  and  post-roads ;  over  the  army,  the 
navy,  the  dock-yards,  the  arsenals.  All  these  powers  and 
many  others  are  expressly  delegated  to  the  United  States, 
and  as  expressly  prohibited  to  the  individual  States.  The 
Constitution  of  the  United  States  (to  which  the  people  of 
South  Carolina  assented  on  the  2d  of  May,  1788,  as  much 
as  they  ever  assented  to  their  State  Constitution),  distinctly 
provides  that  no  State  shall  keep  troops  or  ships  of  war,  or 


336  THE    CALL    TO    ARMS. 

issue  letters  of  marque  and  reprisal,  or  enter  into  any  treaty, 
alliance,  or  confederation;  and  yet  in  the  face  of  this  ex- 
press delegation  of  powers  to  the  United  States  and  their 
express  prohibition  to  the  States,  the  seceding  States  have 
undertaken  to  exercise  them  all;  have  entered  into  a  "con- 
federation," raised  an  army,  issued  letters  of  marque  and 
reprisal,  and  plunged  into  a  war  against  the  Government, 
which  every  magistrate  and  officer  among  them  was  under 
oath  to  support,  and  all  in  virtue  of  having  first  uttered  the 
magic  words,  "  we  secede."  The  history  of  the  world  does 
not  furnish  another  such  monstrous  usurpation ! 

Such  is  the  nature  and  foundation  of  the  war  in  which  we 
are  engaged.  As  you  perceive,  it  is  for  the  very  existence  of 
the  Government;  it  is  a  contest  in  which  no  good  citizen 
can  remain  neutral.  I  am  often  asked  how  long  I  think  it  will 
last  ?  but  that  is  a  question  the  South  alone  can  answer.  She 
makes  the  war ;  she  has  seized  by  surprise  such  of  the  strong- 
holds of  the  country  as  she  was  able ;  she  has  possessed  her- 
self of  the  Navy  Yard  at  Norfolk,  which  guards  the  entrance 
to  the  Chesapeake  Bay ;  of  Harper's  Ferry,  which  commands 
one  of  the  great  highways  from  the  Ohio  River  to  the  Atlan- 
tic Ocean ;  and  above  all,  of  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi,  the 
outlet  of  the  most  extensive  system  of  internal  communica- 
tion on  the  face  of  the  globe.  There  will,  in  my  judgment, 
never  be  peace,  till  the  flag  of  the  Union  again  floats  from 
every  stronghold  from  which  it  has  been  stricken  down. 

Do  you  think,  fellow-citizens,  that  Ohio,  Indiana,  and  Illi- 
nois will  allow  their  most  direct  communication  with  the 
seaboard  to  be  obstructed,  at  the  pleasure  of  an  alien  State, 
at  Harper's  Ferry  ?  Do  you  imagine  that  Eastern  Pennsyl- 
vania and  Southern  New  York,  whose  tributary  waters  flow 
through  the  Susquehanna  into  Chesapeake  Bay,  to  say  nothing 
of  the  Delaware  and  Chesapeake  Canal,  will  tolerate  a  foreign 
master  in  Hampton  Roads  ?  Above  all,  do  you  believe  that 
the  Giant  of  the  "West  will  accept  his  pathway  to  the  Gulf 
of  Mexico  as  a  privilege  granted  by  this  mushroom  Confed- 
eracy ?  Yes,  they  will  submit  to  this  degrading  yoke,  they 
will  acknowledge  this  galling  usurpation  ;  but  it  will  be  when 


THE    CALL    TO    ARMS.  337 

the  Alleghanies  shall  bow  their  imperial  heads  to  the  level  of 
the  sea,  and  the  current  of  the  Mississippi  and  the  Missouri 
shall  How  backward  to  the  Rocky  Mountains. 

My  friends,  I  deprecate  war,  no  man  more  so  ;  and,  of  all 
wars,  I  most  deprecate  a  civil  war.  And  this,  if  prosecuted 
by  the  South  in  the  spirit  in  which  she  has  commenced  it, 
will  be  what  the  stern  poet  of  the  civil  wars  of  Rome  called 
a  bellum  plasquam  civile, —  a  more  than  civil  war.  I  depre- 
cate, more  than  I  can  express,  a  war  with  the  South.  You 
know  my  political  course.  Logan,  the  Indian  chief,  mourn- 
fully exclaimed,  "  Such  was  my  love  for  the  whites,  that  my 
countrymen  pointed  at  me  as  I  passed,  and  said,  Logan  is 
the  friend  of  the  white  men!"  I  have  been  pointed  at  for 
years  as  the  friend  of  the  South.  For  maintaining  what  I 
deemed  her  constitutional  rights,  I  have  suffered  no  small 
portion  of  obloquy,  and  sacrificed  the  favor  of  a  large  portion 
of  the  community  in  which  I  was  born,  and  which,  from  my 
youth  up,  I  have  endeavored  to  serve  laboriously,  dutifully, 
and  affectionately.  I  was  willing,  while  this  ill-starred  move- 
ment was  confined  to  the  States  of  the  extreme  South,  and 
they  abstained  from  further  aggression,  that  they  should  go 
in  peace. 

This  course  I  thought  would  retain  the  Border  States, 
and  bring  back  the  seceders  in  a  year  or  two,  wearied  and 
disgusted  with  their  burdensome  and  perilous  experiment. 
Such  I  understood  to  have  been,  in  substance,  the  programme 
of  the  Administration.  But  the  South  has  willed  it  other- 
wise. She  has  struck  a  parricidal  blow  at  the  heart  of  the 
Union ;  and  to  sustain  her  in  this  unnatural  and  unrighteous 
war  is  what  my  conscience  forbids.  Neither  will  I  remain 
silent,  and  see  this  majestic  framework  of  Government,  the 
noblest  political  fabric  ever  reared  by  human  wisdom,  pros- 
trated in  the  dust  to  gratify  the  disappointed  ambition  of  a 
few  aspiring  men  (for  that  Mr.  Vice-President  Stephens 
bravely  told  his  fellow-citizens  last  November  was  the  cause 
of  "  a  great  part  of  our  troubles  "),  and  this  under  cover  of 
a  sophistical  interpretation  of  the  Constitution,  at  war  alike 
with    common    sense,    with   contemporary    history,   and   the 

vol.  iv.  22 


338  THE    CALL    TO    ARMS. 

traditions  of  the  Government;  unsupported  by  a  single  au- 
thority among  the  framers  of  the  Constitution,  and  emphat- 
ically denounced  by  Mr.  Madison,  their  leader  and  chief. 

What  then  remains,  fellow-citizens,  but  that  we  should, 
without  unchristian  bitterness  toward  our  misguided  country- 
men, meet  calmly  and  resolutely  the  demands  of  the  crisis ; 
that  we  should  perform  the  duty  of  good  citizens  with  res- 
olution and  steadiness ;  that  we  should  cordially  support  the 
Government  of  the  country  in  the  difficult  position  in  which 
it  is  placed ;  that  we  should  cheer  and  encourage  the  brave 
men  who  have  obeyed  its  call,  by  a  generous  care  of  their 
families  ;  and,  to  sum  it  all  in  one  word,  come  weal  or  woe, 
that  we  should  stand  by  the  flag  of  the  Union  ! 


DANIEL  DEWEY   BARNARD  * 


Mr.  President:  — 

If  there  are  a  few  moments  of  time  yet  remaining  before 
the  adjournment,  I  should  like  to  avail  myself  of  them,  to 
invite  the  members  of  the  Historical  Society,  in  conformity 
with  our  praiseworthy  custom,  to  join  me  in  a  tribute  of  re- 
spect to  the  memory  of  our  lately  deceased  Honorary  Associ- 
ate, Mr.  Daniel  Dewey  Barnard,  who  died  at  Albany,  on  the 
24th  of  April  last,  in  the  sixty-fourth  year  of  his  age.  I 
would  willingly  have  performed  this  office  of  friendship  at 
the  last  meeting ;  but  I  was  not  able  to  be  present.  This  I 
regret  the  less,  as  you  have  informed  me,  since  I  came  into 
the  room,  that  Mr.  Barnard's  decease  was,  at  that  meeting, 
made  the  subject  of  a  communication  from  yourself, —  feeling 
and  appropriate,  I  am  confident;  for  you  knew  him  well,  and 
prized  him  according  to  his  worth. 

No  one,  Mr.  President,  I  am  sure  you  will  agree  with  me, 
could  better  deserve  a  respectful  and  affectionate  notice  from 
surviving  associates  and  friends.  Mr.  Barnard  was  no  com- 
mon man.  Eminent  talent,  assiduously  cultivated  and  dili- 
gently employed,  enabled  him  to  fill  with  honor  to  himself 
and  advantage  to  the  country  highly  distinguished  posts  in 
the  public  service.  He  stood  in  the  front  rank  of  the  profes- 
sion of  the  law.  His  literary  taste  and  extensive  literary 
attainments  qualified  him  to  instruct  and  gratify  the  com- 
munity, which  he  was  always  ready  to  do,  on  every  appro- 
priate occasion.  His  personal  intercourse  was  most  attractive, 
I  had  almost   said  fascinating;   his  temper  and  disposition, 

*  Remarks  at  a  stated  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society,  13th 
June,  1861. 


840  DANIEL    DEWEY    BARNARD. 

thoroughly  amiable  and  kindly  ;  his  character  and  conduct' 
in  all  respects,  exemplary ;  his  life,  throughout,  that  of  a 
Christian  gentleman.  My  intimate  acquaintance  with  him. 
commencing  in  1827,  covers  nearly  the  whole  period  of  his 
public  life ;  and  it  is  one  of  the  most  pleasing  incidents  of 
my  own,  that  it  placed  me  in  the  relation  of  unbroken  confi- 
dence, which  existed  between  us  to  the  last. 

It  is  usual,  on  these  occasions,  to  say  something  of  the 
personal  history  of  our  deceased  associates.  Mr.  Barnard's 
father  was  employed,  during  the  Revolutionary  War,  under 
Commissary- General  Wadsworth,  and  lived  at  Hartford.  His 
mother,  from  whom  he  derived  the  middle  name  of  Dewey, 
was  of  that  distinguished  family  in  the  western  part  of  Mas- 
sachusetts, where  Mr.  Barnard  was  born  about  1798,  during 
a  temporary  residence  of  his  parents  in  Berkshire  County. 
When  he  was  ten  or  eleven  years  old,  they  removed  to  the 
western  part  of  New  York,  where,  in  the  county  of  Ontario, 
and  in  that  part  of  it  afterwards  formed  into  the  county  of 
Monroe,  his  father  acted  as  a  magistrate  and  judge,  and  died 
in  1847,  at  the  age  of  ninety. 

Young  Daniel  enjoyed  but  slender  advantages  of  education 
in  his  boyhood,  owing  to  the  want  of  good  schools  in  the 
newly  settled  region.  Much  of  his  time,  he  was  at  work  on 
his  father's  farm ;  but,  being  of  a  delicate  constitution,  he 
passed  many  hours  in  reading,  and,  young  as  he  was,  in  boyish 
essays  at  composition.  At  the  age  of  twelve,  he  was  placed 
by  his  father  in  the  office  of  the  Clerk  of  the  County  at  Ca- 
nandaigua;  and,  by  the  time  he  was  fourteen,  he  acted  as 
Deputy- Clerk,  —  sometimes  even  officiating  in  that  capacity 
in  court.  He  was  afterwards  sent  to  a  school  at  Lenox, 
in  this  State;  and,  after  spending  a  year  there,  entered  in 
1815,  a  sophomore,  at  Williams  College.  As  a  scholar,  he 
ranked  among  the  first  in  his  class,  especially  in  polite  litera- 
ture; and,  at  his  graduation,  he  delivered  a  poem.  His 
reasoning  powers,  however,  had  been  cultivated  quite  as  much 
as  that  of  the  imagination,  and  formed,  through  life,  the 
prominent  trait  of  his  intellect. 

After  a  little  time  devoted  to  the  restoration  of  his  health, 


DANIEL    DEWEY    BARNARD.  341 

which  had  suffered  from  unremitted  application  to  his  books 
for  four  years,  he  began  the  study  of  the  law ;  commenced 
the  practice,  in  1821,  at  Rochester ;  rose  rapidly  in  the  profes- 
sion and  in  the  public  estimation ;  and  in  1827,  after  having 
filled  the  office  of  County  Attorney,  was  elected  to  Congress. 
It  was  then  that  my  acquaintance  with  him,  as  a  fellow- 
boarder,  began ;  and  I  was  the  near  witness  of  the  fidelity 
with  which  he  gradually  prepared  himself  for  the  discharge  of 
the  duties  of  a  legislator.  He  spoke  seldom,  and  always  after 
careful  study  of  the  subject  under  discussion,  —  uniting  close 
and  often  acute  argument  with  great  neatness  and  simplicity 
of  style  and  manner,  and  always  commanding  the  ear  of  the 
house.  He  was  listened  to  with  attention,  because  he  never 
spoke  without  having  something  to  say  that  was  worth  hear- 
ing.    When  he  had  said  it,  he  knew  how  to  stop. 

Notwithstanding  the  demands  upon  his  time  as  an  eminent 
counsellor  and  a  leading  and  active  politician,  he  found  leisure 
for  the  preparation  of  several  carefully  written  addresses  on 
academical  and  other  public  occasions.  They  are  all  to  be 
found  on  our  shelves.  In  1839,  he  delivered  a  biographical 
discourse  on  the  life  and  services  of  his  distinguished  friend 
and  fellow-citizen,  the  late  General  Stephen  van  Rensselaer, 
which  was  accompanied  with  "  An  Historical  Sketch  of  the 
Colony  and  Manor  of  Rensselaerwyck."  It  was  after  this 
publication,  and  probably  in  consequence  of  it,  that  he  was 
elected  an  Honorary  Member  of  our  Society. 

He  was  not  a  candidate  for  re-election  to  Congress ;  and, 
at  the  close  of  his  term,  he  returned  to  the  practice  of  his  pro- 
fession at  Rochester.  In  1830,  he  made  a  rapid  visit  to 
Europe;  and,  after  he  got  back,  recorded  the  result  of  his 
observations  in  a  series  of  well-written  letters,  published  in 
one  of  the  journals  at  Rochester.  In  1832,  he  removed  to 
Albany,  carrying  with  him  an  established  reputation  as  a 
jurist  and  statesman ;  and  prepared  to  take  an  active  part  in 
the  politics  of  the  day.  In  1837,  he  was  chosen  to  the  Assem- 
bly of  New  York,  and  distinguished  himself  as  one  of  its  most 
useful  and  influential  members.  At  the  close  of  the  session, 
his  speeches  and  reports  were  collected  in  a  volume  of  perma- 


842  DANIEL    DEWEY    BARNARD. 

nent  interest  and  value.  Among  the  reports,  those  on  public 
instruction,  on  the  use  of  the  Bible  in  schools,  and  on  bank- 
ing, currency,  and  credit,  may  be  read  with  advantage  by  all 
who  take  an  interest  in  these  subjects. 

In  the  autumn  of  1838,  Mr.  Barnard  was  again  elected  to 
Congress,  and  re-elected  for  the  two  succeeding  terms.  This 
period  of  six  years  covered  the  last  half  of  Mr.  Van  Buren's 
administration,  and  the  whole  of  Mr.  Tyler's.  During  all  this 
time,  Mr.  Barnard  bore  a  very  prominent  part  in  the  business 
of  the  House,  conducted  the  discussion  of  many  important 
subjects,  and  for  four  years  filled  the  important  place  of 
Chairman  of  the  Judiciary  Committee.  Among  other  highly 
important  labors  of  this  committee,  he  reported  the  Bankrupt 
Bill,  which  became  a  law. 

Mr.  Barnard  continued  in  private  life  during  Mr.  Polk's  ad- 
ministration, occupied  with  professional  pursuits,  and  thought- 
fully watching  the  progress  of  events.  The  "  American 
Review,"  a  well-conducted  political  and  literary  journal,  was 
commenced  in  New  York,  in  1845,  to  sustain  the  principles 
which  had  ever  guided  Mr.  Barnard's  course  as  a  public  man. 
He  became  a  regular  and  most  efficient  contributor  to  its 
pages.  Desiring  no  concealment  as  to  the  authorship  of  the 
articles,  in  which  he  discussed  the  great  topics  of  the  day 
with  uncompromising  freedom,  they  were  occasionally  given 
to  the  public  with  his  name  ;  and  they  constituted,  certainly, 
some  of  the  most  valuable  portions  of  the  contents  of  the 
journal. 

In  1848,  a  revolution  took  place  in  our  politics :  General 
Taylor  was  chosen  President,  and  Mr.  Fillmore,  Vice-Pres- 
ident. On  the  accession  of  Mr.  Fillmore  to  the  presidency, 
the  following  year,  Mr.  Barnard  was  sent  as  envoy  to  Berlin. 
This  appointment  raised  the  Prussian  Mission  from  the  dis- 
creditable condition  into  which  it  had  fallen,  to  the  respecta- 
bility which  it  possessed  under  Mr.  Wheaton.  Mr.  Barnard, 
while  he  filled  the  place,  represented  his  own  Government 
with  fidelity  and  zeal,  while  he  commanded  the  esteem  and 
good-will  of  that  to  which  he  was  accredited.  His  travelling 
countrymen    found   him    a  ready  and    helpful  protector  and 


DANIEL    DEWEY    BARNARD.  343 

friend,  and  his  diplomatic  brethren  respected  him  as  an 
honorable  and  intelligent  colleague.  He  never  failed  in  the 
performance  of  his  duty  ;  nor,  what  is  quite  as  important  in  a 
foreign  minister,  stepped  out  of  his  sphere.  He  was  wel- 
comed in  the  best  society  of  Berlin,  —  political  and  literary ; 
and  especially  enjoyed  a  large  share  of  the  friendly  regard  of 
its  great  ornament  and  head,  the  late  Baron  Von  Humboldt. 
It  was  through  Mr.  Barnard's  influence  that  the  great  philoso- 
pher consented  to  sit  for  his  portrait  to  our  young  and  skilful 
countryman,  Wight,  —  a  favor  which  he  had  refused  to  eminent 
European  artists. 

With  the  change  of  administration  in  1853,  Mr.  Barnard 
returned  home,  and  to  the  welcome  quiet  of  private  life.  His 
health,  always  delicate,  was  now  much  impaired ;  and  he  with- 
drew almost  entirely  from  laborious  exertion,  professional  and 
political.  One,  however,  of  his  ablest  legal  arguments  was 
prepared  the  last  year  of  his  life.  It  is  entitled  "  The  Sov- 
ereignty of  the  States  over  their  Navigable  Waters."  Though 
made  in  a  case  of  local  interest  (the  Albany  Bridge  question), 
it  discussed  questions,  as  the  title  implies,  of  great  delicacy 
and  of  national  importance.  However  withdrawn  from  active 
participation  in  politics,  Mr.  Barnard's  deep  concern  for  the 
welfare  of  the  country  did  not  allow  him  to  watch  without 
much  solicitude  the  progress  of  the  great  controversy  which 
now  convulses  it.  It  was,  however,  for  several  months  before 
his  death,  impossible  for  him  to  aid  the  cause  of  the  Union, 
except  by  the  fervent  prayers  of  a  patriot  heart. 

It  will  not,  I  hope,  be  considered  an  invasion  of  the  sanctity 
of  private  life,  if  I  add  that  Mr.  Barnard  was  twice  married, 
and  that  his  character  was  adorned  with  all  the  virtues  and 
graces  which  become  the  honored  and  beloved  head  of  a  well- 
ordered,  happy,  and  Christian  home.  I  should  leave  this 
imperfect  sketch  defective  in  its  most  important  trait,  if  I 
failed  to  add,  that  he  was  a  sincere  and  humble  believer, 
an  active  and  zealous  member  of  the  Protestant-Episcopal 
Church ;  and  that,  as  his  life  had  been  governed  by  the  prin- 
ciples and  spirit  of  our  holy  religion,  his  last  hours  were 
soothed  and  cheered  by  its  consolations  and  hopes. 


344  DANIEL    DEWEY    BARNARD. 

I  beg  leave,  in  conclusion,  Mr.  President,  to  submit  the  fol- 
lowing Resolutions  to  the  consideration  of  the  Society  :  — 

Resolved,  That  the  members  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  So- 
ciety are  deeply  sensible,  that  in  the  death  of  their  late  respected 
associate,  the  Honorable  Daniel  Dewey  Barnard  of  Albany,  they  are 
called  to  lament  the  loss  of  a  distinguished  statesman  and  jurist,  an 
accomplished  scholar,  and  an  enlightened  patriot,  whose  unblemished 
life  was  steadily  and  earnestly  devoted  to  the  public  service  in  posts 
of  high  trust  at  home  and  abroad,  and  to  the  performance  of  all  the 
private  duties  of  a  good  citizen  ;  and  that  they  are  desirous  of  placing 
upon  their  records  this  cordial  and  well-deserved  tribute  to  his  mem- 
ory. 

Resolved,  That  the  Corresponding  Secretary  of  the  Society  be  re- 
quested to  communicate  to  the  family  of  Mr.  Barnard  a  certified  copy 
of  these  Resolutions,  with  the  assurance  of  the  respectful  sympathy 
of  the  Society  in  their  bereavement. 


THE  QUESTIONS   OF  THE  DAY* 


Fellow-Citizens  :  — 

When  the  Congress  of  the  United  States,  on  the  4th  of 
July,  1776,  issued  the  ever-memorable  Declaration  which  we 
commemorate  to-day,  they  deemed  that  a  decent  respect  for 
the  opinions  of  mankind  required  a  formal  statement  of  the 
causes  which  impelled  them  to  the  all-important  measure. 
The  eighty-fifth  anniversary  of  the  great  Declaration  finds 
the  loyal  people  of  the  Union  engaged  in  a  tremendous  con- 
flict, to  maintain  and  defend  the  grand  nationality,  which  was 
asserted  by  our  Fathers,  and  to  prevent  their  fair  Creation 
from  crumbling  into  dishonorable  Chaos.  A  great  People,  gal- 
lantly struggling  to  keep  a  noble  framework  of  government 
from  falling  into  wretched  fragments,  needs  no  justification 
at  the  tribunal  of  the  public  opinion  of  mankind.  But  while 
our  patriotic  fellow-citizens,  who  have  rallied  to  the  defence 
of  the  Union,  marshalled  by  the  ablest  of  living  chieftains, 
are  risking  their  lives  in  the  field,  while  the  blood  of  your 
youthful  heroes  and  ours  is  poured  out  together  in  defence  of 
this  precious  legacy  of  constitutional  freedom,  you  will  not 
think  it  a  misappropriation  of  the  hour,  if  I  employ  it  in 
showing  the  justice  of  the  cause  in  which  we  are  engaged, 
and  the  fallacy  of  the  arguments  employed  by  the  South,  in 
vindication  of  the  war,  alike  murderous  and  suicidal,  which 
she  is  waging  against  the  Constitution  and  the  Union. 

A  twelvemonth  ago,  nay,  six  or  seven   months  ago,  our 

*  An  address  delivered  in  the  Academy  of  Music  in  New  York,  on  the 
4th  of  July,  1861. 

Large  portions  of  this  address  were,  on  account  of  its  length,  necessarily 
omitted  in  the  delivery. 


346  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

country  was  regarded  and  spoken  of  by  the  rest  of  the  civil- 
ized world  as  among  the  most  prosperous  in  the  family  of 
nations.  It  was  classed  with  England,  France,  and  Russia, 
as  one  of  the  four  leading  powers  of  the  age.*  Remote  as 
we  were  from  the  complications  of  foreign  politics,  the  extent 
of  our  commerce  and  the  efficiency  of  our  navy  won  for  us 
the  respectful  consideration  of  Europe.  The  United  States 
were  particularly  referred  to,  on  all  occasions  and  in  all  coun- 
tries, as  an  illustration  of  the  mighty  influence  of  free  gov- 
ernments in  promoting  the  prosperity  of  States.  In  England, 
notwithstanding  some  diplomatic  collisions  on  boundary 
questions  and  occasional  hostile  reminiscences  of  the  past, 
there  has  hardly  been  a  debate  for  thirty  years  in  Parliament 
on  any  topic,  in  reference  to  which  this  country  in  the  nature 
of  things  afforded  matter  of  comparison,  in  which  it  was  not 
referred  to  as  furnishing  instructive  examples  of  prosperous 
enterprise  and  hopeful  progress.  At  home,  the  country  grew 
as  by  enchantment.  Its  vast  geographical  extent,  augmented 
by  magnificent  accessions  of  conterminous  territory  peace- 
fully made ;  its  population  far  more  rapidly  increasing  than 
that  of  any  other  country,  and  swelled  by  an  emigration  from 
Europe  such  as  the  world  has  never  before  seen ;  the  mutu- 
ally beneficial  intercourse  between  its  different  sections  and 
climates,  each  supplying  what  the  other  wants ;  the  rapidity 
with  which  the  arts  of  civilization  have  been  extended  over 
a  before  unsettled  wilderness,  and,  together  with  this  material 
prosperity,  the  advance  of  the  country  in  education,  litera- 
ture, science,  and  refinement,  formed  a  spectacle,  of  which  the 
history  of  mankind  furnished  no  other  example.  That  such 
was  the  state  of  the  country  six  months  ago  was  matter  of  gen- 
eral recognition  and  acknowledgment  at  home  and  abroad. 

There  was,  however,  one  sad  deduction  to  be  made,  not 
from  the  truth  of  this  description,  not  from  the  fidelity  of  this 
picture,  for  that  is  incontestable,  but  from  the  content,  hap- 
piness, and  mutual  good-will  which  ought  to  have  existed  on 
the  part  of  a  People,  favored  by  such  an  accumulation  of 
Providential  blessings.     I  allude,  of  course  to  the  great  sec- 

*  The  Edinburgh  Review  for  April,  1861,  p.  555. 


THE    QUESTIONS     OF    THE    DAY.  347 

tional  controversies  which  have  so  long  agitated  the  country, 
and  arrayed  the  people  in  bitter  geographical  antagonism  of 
political  organization  and  action.  Fierce  party  contentions 
had  always  existed  in  the  United  States,  as  they  ever  have 
and  unquestionably  ever  will  exist  under  all  free  elective  gov- 
ernments; and  these  contentions  had,  from  the  first,  tended 
somewhat  to  a  sectional  character.  They  had  not,  howeverr 
till  quite  lately,  assumed  that  character  so  exclusively,  that 
the  minority  in  any  one  part  of  the  country  had  not  had  a 
respectable  electoral  representation  in  every  other.  Till  last 
November,  there  has  never  been  a  Southern  presidential  can- 
didate, who  did  not  receive  electoral  votes  at  the  North,  nor  a 
Northern  candidate  who  did  not  receive  electoral  votes  at  the 
South. 

At  the  late  election,  and  for  the  first  time,  this  was  not  the 
case  ;  and  consequences  the  most  extraordinary  and  deplorable 
have  resulted.  The  country,  as  we  have  seen,  being  in  pro- 
found peace  at  home  and  abroad,  and  in  a  state  of  unexam- 
pled prosperity,  —  Agriculture,  Commerce,  Navigation,  Man- 
ufactures, East,  West,  North,  and  South,  recovered  or  rapidly 
recovering  from  the  crisis  of  1857,  —  powerful  and  respected 
abroad,  and  thriving  beyond  example  at  home,  entered  in  the 
usual  manner  upon  the  electioneering  campaign,  for  the 
choice  of  the  nineteenth  President  of  the  United  States.  I 
say  in  the  usual  manner,  though  it  is  true  that  parties  were 
more  than  usually  broken  up  and  subdivided.  The  normal 
division  was  into  two  great  parties,  but  there  had  on  several 
former  occasions  been  three ;  in  1824  there  were  four,  and 
there  were  four  last  November.  The  South  equally  with  the 
West  and  the  North  entered  into  the  canvass;  conventions 
were  held,  nominations  made,  mass  meetings  assembled ;  the 
platform  and  the  press  enlisted  with  unwonted  vigor;  the  elec- 
tion in  all  its  stages  conducted  in  legal  and  constitutional  form, 
without  violence  and  without  surprise,  and  the  result  obtained 
by  a  decided  majority. 

No  sooner,  however,  was  this  result  ascertained,  than  it 
appeared  on  the  part  of  one  of  the  Southern  States,  and  her 
example  was  rapidly  followed  by  others,  that  it  had  by  no 


848  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

means  been  the  intention  of  those  States  to  abide  by  the 
result  of  the  election,  except  on  the  one  condition,  of  the  choice 
of  their  candidate.  The  reference  of  the  great  sectional  con- 
troversy to  the  peaceful  arbitrament  of  the  ballot-box,  the 
great  safety-valve  of  republican  institutions,  though  made 
with  every  appearance  of  good  faith,  on  the  part  of  our 
brethren  at  the  South,  meant  but  this, — if  we  succeed  in 
this  election,  as  we  have  in  fifteen  that  have  preceded  it,  well 
and  good ;  we  will  consent  to  govern  the  country  for  four 
years  more,  as  we  have  already  governed  it  for  sixty  years  ; 
but  we  have  no  intention  of  acquiescing  in  any  other  result. 
We  do  not  mean  to  abide  by  the  election,  although  we  par- 
ticipate in  it,  unless  our  candidate  is  chosen.  If  he  fails  we 
intend  to  prostrate  the  Government  and  break  up  the  Union ; 
peaceably,  if  the  States  composing  the  majority  are  willing 
that  it  should  be  broken  up  peaceably ;  otherwise,  at  the  point 
of  the  sword. 

The  election  took  place  on  the  6th  of  November,  and  in 
pursuance  of  the  extraordinary  programme  just  described, 
the  State  of  South  Carolina,  acting  by  a  Convention  chosen 
for  the  purpose,  assembled  on  the  17th  of  December,  and  on 
the  20th  passed  unanimously  what  was  styled  "  an  ordinance 
to  dissolve  the  Union  between  the  State  of  South  Carolina 
and  other  States  united  with  her,  under  the  compact  entitled 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  of  America."  It  is 
not  my  purpose  on  this  occasion  to  make  a  documentary 
speech,  but  as  this  so-called  "  Ordinance"  is  very  short,  and 
affords  matter  for  deep  reflection,  I  beg  leave  to  recite  it  in 
full :  — 

"We,  the  People  of  the  State  of  South  Carolina,  in  Convention 
assembled,  do  declare  and  ordain,  and  it  is  hereby  declared  and  or- 
dained, that  the  ordinance  adopted  by  us  in  Convention  on  the  23d 
day  of  May,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  1788,  whereby  the  Constitution 
of  the  United  States  was  ratified,  and  also  all  acts  and  parts  of  acts 
of  the  General  Assembly  of  this  State,  ratifying  the  amendments  of 
the  said  Constitution,  are  hereby  repealed,  and  that  the  Union  now 
subsisting  between  South  Carolina  and  other  States,  under  the  name 
of  the  United  States  of  America,  is  dissolved." 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  349 

This  remarkable  document  is  called  an  "  Ordinance,"  and 
no  doubt  some  special  virtue  is  supposed  to  reside  in  the 
name.  But  names  are  nothing  except  as  they  truly  represent 
things.  An  ordinance,  if  it  is  anything  clothed  with  binding 
force,  is  a  Law,  and  nothing  but  a  Law,  and  as  such  this 
ordinance,  being  in  direct  violation  of  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States,  is  a  mere  nullity.  The  Constitution  contains 
the  following  express  provision :  "  This  Constitution,  and 
the  Laws  of  the  United  States  made  in  pursuance  thereof, 
and  the  treaties  made  or  which  shall  be  made  under  the 
authority  of  the  United  States,  shall  be  the  supreme  law  of 
the  land,  and  the  judges  in  every  State  shall  be  bound  thereby, 
anything  in  the  Constitution  or  laws  of  any  State  to  the  con- 
trary notwithstanding."  Such  being  the  express  provision  of 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  which  the  people  of 
South  Carolina  adopted  in  1788,  just  as  much  as  they  ever 
adopted  either  of  their  State  Constitutions,  is  it  not  trifling 
with  serious  things  to  claim  that,  by  the  simple  expedient 
of  passing  a  law  under  the  name  of  an  ordinance,  this  pro- 
vision and  every  other  provision  of  it  may  be  nullified,  and 
every  magistrate  and  officer  in  Carolina,  whether  of  the  State 
or  Union,  absolved  from  the  oath  which  they  have  taken  to 
support  it? 

But  this  is  not  all.  This  secession  ordinance  purports 
to  "repeal"  the  ordinance  of  23d  May,  1788,  by  which 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  was  ratified  by  the 
people  of  South  Carolina.  It  was  intended,  of  course,  by 
calling  the  act  of  ratification  an  ordinance  to  infer  a  right 
of  repealing  it  by  another  ordinance.  It  is  important,  there- 
fore, to  observe  that  the  act  of  ratification  is  not,  and  was 
not,  at  the  time  called  an  ordinance,  and  contains  nothing 
which  by  possibility  can  be  repealed.  It  is  in  the  following 
terms :  — 

"  The  Convention  [of  the  people  of  South  Carolina],  having  ma- 
turely considered  the  Constitution,  or  form  of  government,  reported  to 
Congress  by  the  convention  of  delegates  from  the  United  States  of 
America,  and  submitted  to  them,  by  a  resolution  of  the  Legislature  of 
this  State,  passed   the   17th  and  18th  days  of  February  last,  in  order 


350  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

to  form  a  more  perfect  Union,  establish  justice,  insure  domestic  tranquil- 
lity, provide  for  the  common  defence,  promote  the  general  welfare,  and 
secure  the  blessings  of  liberty  to  the  people  of  the  said  United  States 
and  their  posterity,  do,  in  the  name  and  in  behalf  of  the  people  of  this 
State,  hereby  assent  to  and  ratify  the  same." 

Here  it  is  evident  that  there  is  nothing  in  the  instrument 
which,  in  the  nature  of  things,  can  be  repealed ;  it  is  an  au- 
thorized solemn  assertion  of  the  People  of  South  Carolina, 
that  they  assent  to,  and  ratify  a  form  of  government,  which 
is  declared  in  terms  to  be  paramount  to  all  State  laws  and 
constitutions.  This  is  a  great  historical  fact,  the  most  impor- 
tant that  can  ever  occur  in  the  history  of  a  people.  The  fact 
that  the  People  of  South  Carolina,  on  the  23d  of  May,  1788, 
assented  to  and  ratified  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States, 
in  order,  among  other  objects,  to  secure  the  blessings  of  liberty 
for  themselves  and  "their  posterity,"  can  no  more  be  repealed  in 
1861,  than  any  other  historical  fact  that  occurred  in  Charles- 
ton in  that  year  and  on  that  day.  It  would  be  just  as  ration- 
al, at  the  present  day,  to  attempt  an  ordinance  to  repeal 
any  other  event,  as  that  the  sun  rose  or  that  the  tide  ebbed 
and  flowed  on  that  day,  as  to  repeal  by  ordinance  the  assent 
of  Carolina  to  the  Constitution. 

Again :  it  is  well  known  that  various  amendments  to  the 
Constitution  were  desired  and  proposed  in  different  States. 
The  first  of  the  amendments  proposed  by  South  Carolina 
was  as  follows  :  — 

"  Whereas  it  is  essential  to  the  preservation  of  the  rights  reserved 
to  the  several  States  and  the  freedom  of  the  People  under  the  opera- 
tion of  the  General  Government,  that  the  right  of  prescribing  the 
manner,  times,  and  places  of  holding  the  elections  of  the  Federal 
Legislatures  should  be  forever  inseparably  annexed  to  the  sovereignty 
of  the  States,  this  Convention  doth  declare  that  the  same  ought  to 
remain  to  all  posterity,  a  perpetual  and  fundamental  right  in  the  local, 
exclusive  of  the  interference  of  the  general  Government,  except  in 
cases  where  the  Legislature  of  the  States  shall  refuse  or  neglect  to 
perform  or  fulfil  the  same,  according  to  the  tenor  of  the  said  Con- 
stitution." 

Here  you  perceive  that  South  Carolina  herself,  in  1788, 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  351 

desired  a  provision  to  be  made  and  annexed  inseparably  to 
her  sovereignty,  that  she  should  forever  have  the  power  of 
prescribing  the  time,  place,  and  manner  of  holding  the  elec- 
tions of  members  of  Congress;  —  but  even  in  making  this 
express  reservation,  to  operate  for  all  posterity,  she  was  will- 
ing to  provide  that,  if  the  State  Legislatures  refuse  or  neglect 
to  perform  the  duty  (which  is  precisely  the  case  of  the  Seced- 
ing States  at  the  present  day),  then  the  General  Government 
was,  by  this  South  Carolina  amendment,  expressly  author- 
ized to  do  it.  South  Carolina  in  1788,  by  a  sort  of  pro- 
phetic foresight,  looked  forward  to  the  possibility  that  the 
States  might  "refuse  or  neglect"  to  co-operate  in  carrying  on 
the  Government,  and  admitted,  in  that  case,  that  the  General 
Government  must  go  on,  in  spite  of  their  delinquency. 

I  have  dwelt  on  these  points  at  some  length,  to  show  how 
futile  is  the  attempt,  by  giving  the  name  of  "  ordinance  "  to 
the  act  by  which  South  Carolina  adopted  the  Constitution, 
and  entered  the  Union,  to  gain  a  power  to  leave  it  by  a  sub- 
sequent ordinance  of  repeal.* 

Whether  the  present  unnatural  civil  war  is  waged  by  the 
South,  in  virtue  of  a  supposed  constitutional  right  to  leave 
the  Union  at  pleasure,  or  whether  it  is  an  exercise  of  the 
great  and  ultimate  right  of  revolution,  the  existence  of  which 
no  one  denies,  seems  to  be  left  in  uncertainty  by  the  leaders 
of  the  movement.  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis,  the  President  of  the 
new  confederacy,  in  his  inaugural  speech,  delivered  on  the 
18th  of  February,  declares  that  it  is  "an  abuse  of  language" 
to  call  it  "  a  revolution."  Mr.  Vice-President  Stephens,  on 
the  contrary,  in  a  speech  at  Savannah,  on  the  21st  of  March, 
pronounces  it  "  one  of  the  greatest  revolutions  in  the  annals 
of  the  world."  The  question  is  of  great  magnitude  as  one 
of  constitutional  and  public  law;  as  one  of  morality  it  is  of 
very  little  consequence  whether  the  country  is  drenched  in 
blood,  in  the  exercise  of  a  right  claimed  under  the  Constitu- 
tion, or  the  right  inherent  in  every  community  to  revolt 
against  an  oppressive  government.  Unless  the  oppression  is 
so  extreme   as  to  justify  revolution,  it  would  not  justify  the 

*  See  Appendix  A. 


352  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

evil  of  breaking  up  a  government,  under  an  abstract  consti- 
tutional right  to  do  so. 

This  assumed  right  of  Secession  rests  upon  the  doctrine 
that  the  Union  is  a  compact  between  Independent  States, 
from  which  any  one  of  them  may  withdraw  at  pleasure  in 
virtue  of  its  sovereignty.  This  imaginary  right  has  been  the 
subject  of  discussion  for  more  than  thirty  years,  having  been 
originally  suggested,  though  not  at  first  much  dwelt  upon,  in 
connection  with  the  kindred  claim  of  a  right,  on  the  part  of  an 
individual  State,  to  "  nullify  "  an  act  of  Congress.  It  would, 
of  course,  be  impossible  within  the  limits  of  the  hour  to 
review  these  elaborate  discussions.  I  will  only  remark,  on 
this  occasion,  that  none  of  the  premises  from  which  this  re- 
markable conclusion  is  drawn  are  recognized  in  the  Consti- 
tution, and  that  the  right  of  Secession,  though  claimed  to  be 
a  "  reserved "  right,  is  not  expressly  reserved  in  it.  That 
instrument  does  not  purport  to  be  a  "  compact,"  but  a  Con- 
stitution of  Government.  It  appears,  in  its  first  sentence, 
not  to  have  been  entered  into  by  the  States,  but  to  have  been 
ordained  and  established  by  the  People  of  the  United  States, 
for  "  themselves  and  their  posterity."  The  States  are  not 
named  in  it;  nearly  all  the  characteristic  powers  of  sov- 
ereignty are  expressly  granted  to  the  General  Government 
and  expressly  prohibited  to  the  States,  and  so  far  from  reserv- 
ing a  right  of  secession  to  the  latter,  on  any  ground  or 
under  any  pretence,  it  ordains  and  establishes  in  terms  the 
Constitution  of  the  United  States  as  the  Supreme  Law  of 
the  land,  anything  in  the  Constitution  or  Laws  of  any  State 
to  the  contrary  notwithstanding. 

It  would  seem  that  this  is  as  clear  and  positive  as  language 
can  make  it.  But  it  is  argued  that,  though  the  right  of  se- 
cession is  not  reserved  in  terms,  it  must  be  considered  as 
implied  in  the  general  reservation  to  the  States  and  to  the 
People  of  all  the  powers  not  granted  to  Congress  nor  prohib- 
ited to  the  States.  This  extraordinary  assumption,  more 
distinctly  stated,  is  that,  in  direct  defiance  of  the  express 
grant  to  Congress  and  the  express  prohibition  to  the  States 
of  nearly  all  the  powers  of  an  independent  government,  there 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  353 

is,  by  implication,  a  right  reserved  to  the  States  to  assume 
and  exercise  all  these  powers  thus  vested  in  the  Union  and 
prohibited  to  themselves,  simply  in  virtue  of  going  through 
the  ceremony  of  passing  a  law  called  an  Ordinance  of  Se- 
cession. A  general  reservation  to  the  States  of  powers  not 
prohibited  to  them,  nor  granted  to  Congress,  is  an  implied 
reservation  to  the  States  of  a  right  to  exercise  these  very 
powers  thus  expressly  delegated  to  Congress  and  thus  ex- 
pressly prohibited  to  the  States ! 

The  Constitution  directs  that  the  Congress  of  the  United 
States  shall  have  power  to  declare  war,  grant  letters  of  marque 
and  reprisal,  to  raise  and  support  armies,  to  provide  and 
maintain  a  navy,  and  that  the  President  of  the  United  States, 
by  and  with  the  advice  and  consent  of  the  Senate,  shall  make 
treaties  with  foreign  powers. 

These  express  grants  of  power  to  the  Government  of  the 
United  States  are  followed  by  prohibitions  as  express  to  the 
several  States : — 

"  No  State  shall  enter  into  any  treaty,  alliance,  or  confederation, 
grant  letters  of  marque  or  reprisal ;  no  State  shall,  without  the  con- 
sent of  Congress,  lay  any  duty  of  tonnage,  keep  troops  or  ships  of  war 
in  time  of  peace,  enter  into  any  agreement  or  compact  with  another 
State,  or  with  a  foreign  power,  or  engage  in  war,  unless  actually  in- 
vaded, or  in  such  imminent  danger  as  will  not  admit  of  delay." 

These  and  numerous  other  express  grants  of  power  to  the 
General  Government,  and  express  prohibitions  to  the  States, 
are  further  enforced  by  the  comprehensive  provision,  already 
recited,  that  the  Constitution  and  Laws  of  the  United  States 
are  paramount  to  the  Laws  and  Constitution  of  the  separate 
States. 

And  this  Constitution,  with  these  express  grants  and  ex- 
press prohibitions,  and  with  this  express  subordination  of  the 
States  to  the  General  Government,  has  been  adopted  by  the 
People  of  all  the  States;  and  all  their  judges  and  other 
officers,  and  all  their  citizens  holding  office  under  the  Govern- 
ment of  the  United  States  or  the  individual  States,  are  sol- 
emnly sworn  to  support  it. 

In  the  face  of  all  this,  in  defiance  of  all  this,  in  violation  of 

vol.  iv.  23 


354  THE    QUESTIONS     OF    THE    DAY. 

all  this,  in  contempt  of  all  this,  the  seceding  States  claim 
the  right  to  exercise  every  power  expressly  delegated  to  Con- 
gress and  expressly  prohibited  to  the  States  by  that  Constitu- 
tion, which  every  one  of  their  prominent  men,  civil  and  mil- 
itary, is  under  oath  to  support.  They  have  entered  into  a 
confederation,  raised  an  army,  attempted  to  provide  a  navy, 
issued  letters  of  marque  and  reprisal,  waged  war,  and  that 
war?  —  Merciful  Heaven  forgive  them  !  —  not  with  a  foreign 
enemy,  not  with  the  wild  tribes  which  still  desolate  the  unpro- 
tected frontier  (they,  it  is  said,  are  swelling,  armed  with  tom- 
ahawk and  scalping-knife,  the  Confederate  forces) ;  but  with 
their  own  countrymen,  and  the  mildest  and  most  beneficent 
government  on  the  face  of  the  earth ! 

But  we  are  told  all  this  is  done  in  virtue  of  the  Sovereignty 
of  the  States ;  as  if,  because  a  State  is  Sovereign,  its  people 
were  incompetent  to  establish  a  government  for  themselves 
and  their  posterity.  Certainly  the  States  are  clothed  with 
Sovereignty  for  local  purposes ;  but  it  is  doubtful  whether 
they  ever  possessed  it  in  any  other  sense ;  and  if  they  had,  it 
is  certain  that  they  ceded  it  to  the  General  Government,  in 
adopting  the  Constitution.  Before  their  independence  of 
England  was  asserted,  they  constituted  a  provincial  people 
(Burke  calls  it  "a  glorious  Empire"),  subject  to  the  British 
crown,  organized  for  certain  purposes  under  separate  co- 
lonial charters,  but,  on  some  great  occasions  of  political 
interest  and  public  safety,  acting  as  one.  Thus  they  acted 
when,  on  the  approach  of  the  great  Seven  Years'  War, 
which  exerted  such  an  important  influence  on  the  fate 
of  British  America,  they  sent  their  delegates  to  Albany  to 
concert  a  plan  of  union.  In  the  discussions  of  that  plan 
which  was  reported  by  Franklin,  the  citizens  of  the  Colonies 
were  evidently  considered  as  a  People.  When  the  passage 
of  the  Stamp  Act  in  1765  roused  the  spirit  of  resistance 
throughout  America,  the  Unity  of  her  People  assumed  a 
still  more  practical  form.  "  Union,"  says  one  of  our  great 
American  historians,*  "was  the  hope  of  Otis,  —  Union  that 
'  should  knit  and  work  into  the  very  blood  and  bones  of  the 
*  Bancroft's  History  of  the  United  States,  Vol.  V.  p.  292. 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  355 

original  system  every  region  as  fast  as  settled.' "  In  this 
hope  he  argued  against  writs  of  assistance,  and  in  this  hope 
he  brought  about  the  call  of  the  Convention  at  New  York 
in  1765.  At  that  Convention,  the  noble  South-Carolinian 
Christopher  Gadsden,  with  .prophetic  foreboding  of  the  dis- 
integrating heresies  of  the  present  day,  cautioned  his  as- 
sociates against  too  great  dependence  on  their  colonial  char- 
ters. "  I  wish,"  said  he,  "  that  the  charters  may  not  ensnare 
us  at  last,  by  drawing  different  Colonies  to  act  differently 
in  this  great  cause.  Whenever  that  is  the  case,  all  is  over 
with  the  whole.  There  ought  to  be  no  New  England  man, 
no  New-Yorker,  known  on  the  continent,  but  all  of  ns 
Americans."* 

While  the  patriots  in  America  counselled,  and  wrote,  and 
spoke  as  a  people,  they  were  recognized  as  such  in  England. 
"  Believe  me,"  cried  Colonel  Barre"  in  the  House  of  Com- 
mons, "  I  this  day  told  you  so,  the  same  spirit  of  Freedom 
which  actuated  that  People  at  first  will  accompany  them 
still.  The  people,  I  believe,  are  as  truly  loyal  as  any 
subjects  the  king  has,  but  a  People  jealous  of  their  liberties, 
and  who  will  vindicate  them,  should  they  be  violated." 

When,  ten  years  later,  the  great  struggle  long  foreboded 
came  on,  it  was  felt,  on  both  sides  of  the  Atlantic,  to  be  an 
attempt  to  reduce  a  free  People  beyond  the  sea  to  uncon- 
ditional dependence  on  a  Parliament  in  which  they  were 
not  represented.  "  What  foundation  have  we,"  was  the 
language  of  Chatham  on  the  27th  January,  1775,  "for  our 
claims  over  America?  What  is  our  right  to  persist  in  such 
cruel  and  vindictive  measures  against  that  loyal,  respectable 
People  ?  How  have  this  respectable  people  behaved  under 
all  their  grievances?  Repeal,  therefore,  I  say.  But  bare 
repeal  will  not  satisfy  this  enlightened  and  spirited  People.'''' 
Lord  Camden,  in  the  same  debate,  exclaimed :  "  You  have 
no  right  to  tax  America ;  the  natural  rights  of  man,  and 
the  immutable  laws  of  Nature,  are  with  that  People." 
Burke,  two  months  later,  made  his  great  speech  for  con- 
ciliation with    America.      "  I  do  not  know,"   he   exclaimed, 

*  Bancroft's  History  of  the  United  States,  Vol.  V.  p.  335. 


356  THE    QUESTIONS     OF    THE    DAY. 

"the  method  of  drawing  up  an  indictment  against  a  whole 
People."  In  a  letter  written  two  years  after  the  commence- 
ment of  the  war,  he  traces  the  growth  of  the  Colonies  from 
their  feeble  beginnings  to  the  magnitude  which  they  had 
attained  when  the  Revolution  broke  out,  and  in  which  his 
glowing  imagination  saw  future  grandeur  and  power  beyond 
the  reality.  "  At  the  first  designation  of  these  Colonial  as- 
semblies," says  he,  "  they  were  probably  not  intended  for 
anything  more  (nor  perhaps  did  they  think  themselves  much 
higher)  than  the  municipal  corporations  within  this  island, 
to  which  some  at  present  love  to  compare  them.  But 
nothing  in  progression  can  rest  on  its  original  plan ;  we  may 
as  well  think  of  rocking  a  grown  man  in  the  cradle  of  an 
infant.  Therefore,  as  the  Colonies  prospered  and  increased 
to  a  numerous  and  mighty  people,  spreading  over  a  very 
great  tract  of  the  globe,  it  was  natural  that  they  should 
attribute  to  assemblies  so  respectable  in  the  formed  Con- 
stitution, some  part  of  the  dignity  of  the  great  nations  wThich 
they  represented." 

The  meeting  of  the  first  Continental  Congress  of  1774 
was  the  spontaneous  impulse  of  the  People.  All  their 
resolves  and  addresses  proceed  on  the  assumption  that  they 
represented  a  People.  Their  first  appeal  to  the  Royal  au- 
thority was  their  letter  to  General  Gage,  remonstrating 
against  the  fortifications  of  Boston.  "  We  entreat  your 
Excellency  to  consider,"  they  say,  "  what  a  tendency  this 
conduct  must  have  to  irritate  and  force  a  free  People, 
hitherto  well  disposed  to  peaceable  measures,  into  hostil- 
ities." Their  final  act,  at  the  close  of  the  Session,  their 
address  to  the  King,  one  of  the  most  eloquent  and  pathetic 
of  State  papers,  appeals  to  him  "  in  the  name  of  all  your 
Majesty's  faithful   People  in   America." 

But  this  all-important  principle  in  our  political  system 
is  placed  beyond  doubt,  by  an  authority  which  makes  all 
further  argument  or  illustration  superfluous.  That  the  citi- 
zens of  the  British  Colonies,  however  divided  for  local  pur- 
poses into  different  governments,  when  they  ceased  to  be 
subject  to  the   English  crown,  became  ipso  facto  one  People 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  357 

for  all  the  high  concerns  of  national  existence,  is  a  fact 
embodied  in  the  Declaration  of  Independence  itself.  That 
august  Manifesto,  the  Magna  Charta,  which  introduced  us 
into  the  family  of  nations,  was  issued  to  the  world,  so  its 
first  sentence  sets  forth,  because  "a  decent  respect  for 
the  opinions  of  mankind  requires"  such  solemn  announce- 
ment of  motives  and  causes  to  be  made,  "when  in  the  course 
of  human  events  it  becomes  necessary  for  one  People  to 
dissolve  the  political  bonds  which  have  connected  them 
with  another."  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis,  in  his  message  of  the 
29th  of  April,  deems  it  important  to  remark  that,  by  the 
treaty  of  peace  with  Great  Britain,  "the  several  States 
were  each  by  name  recognized  to  be  independent."  It  would 
be  more  accurate  to  say  that  the  United  States  each  by 
name  were  so  recognized.  Such  enumeration  was  necessary, 
in  order  to  fix  beyond  doubt  which  of  the  Anglo-American 
colonies,  five  or  six  and  twenty  in  number,  were  included  in  the 
recognition*  But  it  is  surely  a  far  more  significant  circum- 
stance, that  the  separate  States  are  not  named  in  the 
Declaration  of  Independence,  that  they  are  called  only  by 
the  collective  designation  of  the  United  States  of  America ; 
that  the  manifesto  is  issued  "in  the  name  and  by  the  au- 
thority of  the  good  people  "  of  the  Colonies,  and  that  they 
are  characterized  in  the  first  sentence  as  "  One   People." 

Let  it  not  be  thought  that  these  are  the  latitudinarian 
doctrines  of  modern  times,  or  of  a  section  of  the  country 
predisposed  to  a  loose  construction  of  laws  and  Constitu- 
tions. Listen,  I  pray  you,  to  the  noble  words  of  a  Southern 
revolutionary  patriot  and  statesman. 

"  The  separate  independence  and  individual  sovereignty 
of  the  several  States  were  never  thought  of  by  the  enlight- 
ened band  of  patriots  who  framed  the  Declaration  of  In- 
dependence.     The   several    States   are   not  even  mentioned 

*  Burke's  account  of  "  the  English  settlements  in  America  "  begins  with 
Jamaica,  and  proceeds  through  the  West  India  Islands.  There  were  also 
English  settlements  on  the  Continent,  —  Canada  and  Nova  Scotia,  — 
which  it  was  necessary  to  exclude  from  the  Treaty,  by  an  enumeration  of 
the  included  Colonies. 


358  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

by  name  in  any  part  of  it,  as  if  it  was  intended  to  impress 
this  maxim  on  America,  that  our  Freedom  and  Independence 
arose  from  our  Union,  and  that  without  it  we  could  neither 
be  free  nor  independent.  Let  us  then  consider  all  attempts 
to  weaken  this  Union,  by  maintaining  that  each  State  is 
separately  and  individually  independent,  as  a  species  of 
political  heresy,  which  can  never  benefit  us,  and  may  bring 
on  us  the  most  serious  distresses."  *  These  are  the  solemn 
and  prophetic  words  of  Charles  Cotesworth  Pinckney ;  the 
patriot,  the  soldier,  the  statesman ;  the  trusted  friend  of 
Washington,  repeatedly  called  by  him  to  the  highest  offices 
of  the  Government;  the  one  name  that  stands  highest  and 
brightest  on  the  list  of  the  great  men  of  South  Carolina.f 

Not  only  was  the  Declaration  of  Independence  made  in 
the  name  of  the  one  People  of  the  United  States,  but  the 
war  by  which  it  was  sustained  was  carried  on  by  their  au- 
thority.     A  very   grave    historical   error,   in   this  respect,   is 
often  committed  by  the  politicians  of  the   Secession  School. 
Mr.  Davis,  in  his  message  of  the  29th  of  April,  having  called 
the  old  Confederation  "  a  close  alliance,"  says :  "  Under  this 
contract  of  alliance  the  war  of  the  Revolution  was  success- 
fully waged,  and  resulted  in  the  treaty  of  peace  with  Great 
Britain  of  1783,  by  the  terms  of  which  the  several   States 
were  each  by  name  recognized  to  be  independent."     I  have 
already  given  the  reason  for  this  enumeration,  but  the  main 
fact  alleged  in  the   passage   is  entirely  without  foundation. 
The    Articles    of    Confederation   were    first    signed    by    the 
delegates  from  eight  of  the   States,  on  the  9th  of  July,  1778, 
more  than  three  years  after  the  commencement  of  the  war, 
long  after  the  capitulation  of  Burgoyne,  the  alliance   with 
France,  and  the  reception  of  a  French  Minister.     The  ratifi- 
cation  of  the   other   States  was  given  at  intervals  the  fol- 
lowing years,  the  last  not  till  1781,  seven  months  only  before 
the  virtual  close  of  the  war,  by  the  surrender  of  Cornwallis. 
Then,   and   not  till  then,  was   "the    Contract  of   Alliance" 

*  Elliott's  Debates,  Vol.  IV.  p.  301. 

f  See  an  admirable  sketch  of  his  character  in  Trescot's  Diplomatic  His- 
tory of  the  Administrations  of  Washington  and  Adams,  pp.  169-171. 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  359 

consummated.  Most  true  it  is,  as  Mr.  Davis  bids  us  remark, 
that,  by  these  Articles  of  Confederation  the  States  retained 
"each  its  sovereignty,  freedom,  and  independence."  It  is 
not  less  true,  that  their  selfish  struggle  to  exercise  and  en- 
force their  assumed  rights  as  separate  sovereignties  was  the 
source  of  the  greatest  difficulties  and  dangers  of  the  Revolu- 
tion, and  risked  its  success ;  not  less  true,  that  most  of  the 
great  powers  of  a  sovereign  State  were  nominally  conferred 
even  by  these  articles  on  the  Congress,  and  that  that  body 
was,  regarded  and  spoken  of  by  Washington  himself  as  the 
"  Sovereign  of  the  Union."* 

But  feeble  as  the  old  Confederation  was,  and  distinctly 
as  it  recognized  the  sovereignty  of  the  States,  it  recognized 
in  them  no  right  to  withdraw  at  their  pleasure  from  the 
Union.  On  the  contrary,  it  was  specially  provided  that  "the 
Articles  of  Confederation  should  be  inviolably  preserved  by 
every  State,"  and  that  "the  Union  should  be  perpetual." 
It  is  true  that  in  a  few  years,  from  the  inherent  weakness 
of  the  central  power,  and  from  the  want  of  means  to  enforce 
its  authority  on  the  individual  citizen,  it  fell  to  pieces.  It 
sickened  and  died  from  the  poison  of  what  General  Pinckney 
aptly  called  "  the  heresy  of  State  Sovereignty,"  and  in  its 
place  a  Constitution  was  ordained  and  established  "  in  order 
to  form  a  more  perfect  Union" ;  a  Union  more  binding  on  its 
members  than  this  "  contract  of  alliance,"  which  yet  was 
to  be  "  inviolably  observed  by  every  State " ;  more  durable 
than  the  old  Union,  which  yet  was  declared  to  be  "  per- 
petual." This  great  and  beneficent  change  was  a  Revolu- 
tion,—  happily  a  peaceful  revolution,  the  most  important 
change  probably  ever  brought  about  in  a  government, 
without  bloodshed.  The  new  government  was  unani- 
mously adopted  by  all  the  members  of  the  old  Con- 
federation, by  some  more  promptly  than  by  others,  but  by 
all  within  the  space  of  four  years. 

Much  has  been  said  against  coercion,  that  is,  the  employ- 
ment of  force  to  compel  obedience  to  the  laws  of  the  United 
States,  when  they  are  resisted  under  the  assumed  authority 

*  Sparks's  Washington,  Vol.  IX.  pp.  12,  23,  29. 


360  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

of  a  State;  but  even  the  old  Confederation,  with  all  its 
weakness,  in  the  opinion  of  the  most  eminent  contemporary 
statesmen,  possessed  this  power.  Great  stress  is  laid  by 
politicians  of  the  Secession  School  on  the  fact,  that  in  a 
project  for  amending  the  articles  of  Confederation  brought 
forward  by  Judge  Paterson  in  the  Federal  Convention,  it 
was  proposed  to  clothe  the  Government  with  this  power,  and 
the  proposal  was  not  adopted.  This  is  a  very  inaccurate 
statement  of  the  facts  of  the  case.  The  proposal  formed 
part  of  a  project  which  was  rejected  in  toto.  The  reason 
why  this  power  of  State  coercion  was  not  granted  eo  nomine, 
in  the  new  Constitution,  is  that  it  was  wholly  superfluous 
and  inconsistent  with  the  fundamental  principle  of  the  Gov- 
ernment. Within  the  sphere  of  its  delegated  powers,  the 
General  Government  deals  with  the  individual  citizen.  If 
its  power  is  resisted,  the  person  or  persons  resisting  it  do 
so  at  their  peril  and  are  amenable  to  the  law.  They  can 
derive  no  immunity  from  State  Legislatures  or  State  Con- 
ventions, because  the  Constitution  and  laws  of  the  United 
States  are  the  Supreme  Law  of  the  Land.  If  the  resistance 
assumes  an  organized  form,  on  the  part  of  numbers  too 
great  to  be  restrained  by  the  ordinary  powers  of  the  law, 
it  is  then  an  insurrection,  which  the  General  Government 
is  expressly  authorized  to  suppress.  Did  any  one  imagine 
in  1793,  when  General  Washington  called  out  15,000  men 
to  suppress  the  insurrection  in  the  western  counties  of 
Pennsylvania,  that  if  the  insurgents  had  happened  to  have  the 
control  of  a  majority  of  the  Legislature,  and  had  thus  been 
able  to  clothe  their  rebellion  with  a  pretended  form  of  law, 
that  he  would  have  been  obliged  to  disband  his  troops,  and 
return  himself  baffled  and  discomfited  to  Mount  Vernon  ? 
If  John  Brown's  raid  at  Harper's  Ferry,  instead  of  being  the 
project  of  one  .misguided  individual  and  a  dozen  and  a  half 
deluded  followers,  had  been  the  organized  movement  of  the 
States  of  Ohio  and  Pennsylvania,  do  the  Seceders  hold  that 
the  United  States  would  have  had  no  right  to  protect  Vir- 
ginia, or  punish  the  individuals  concerned  in  her  invasion  ? 
Do  the  seceding  States  really  mean,  after  all,  to  deny,  that 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  361 

if  a  State  law  is  passed  to  prevent  the  rendition  of  a  fugitive 
slave,  the  General  Government  has  any  right  to  employ 
force  to  effect  his  surrender? 

But,  as  I  have  said,  even  the  old  Confederation,  with  all 
its  weakness,  was  held  by  the  ablest  contemporary  states- 
men, and  that  of  the  State  rights  school,  to  possess  the 
power  of  enforcing  its  requisitions  against  a  delinquent  State. 
Mr.  Jefferson,  in  a  letter  to  Mr.  Adams  of  the  11th  of  July, 
1786,  on  the  subject  of  providing  a  naval  force  of  150  guns 
to  chastise  the  Barbary  Powers,  urges,  as  an  additional  rea- 
son for  such  a  step,  that  it  would  arm  "  the  Federal  head 
with  the  safest  of  all  the  instruments  of  coercion  over  its 
delinquent  members,  and  prevent  it  from  using  what  would 
be  less  safe,"  viz.  land  force.  Writing  on  the  same  subject 
to  Mi-.  Monroe  a  month  later  (11th  August,  1786),  he  an- 
swers the  objection  of  expense  thus  :  "  It  will  be  said,  '  There 
is  no  money  in  the  Treasury.'  There  never  will  be  money 
in  the  Treasury  till  the  Confederacy  shows  its  teeth.  The 
States  must  see  the  rod,  perhaps  it  must  be  felt  by  some  of 
them.  Every  rational  citizen  must  wish  to  see  an  effective 
instrument  of  coercion,  and  should  fear  to  see  it  on  any  other 
element  than  the  water.  A  naval  force  can  never  endanger 
our  liberties  nor  occasion  bloodshed ;  a  land  force  would  do 
both."  In  the  following  year,  and  when  the  Confederation 
was  at  its  last  gasp,  Mr.  Jefferson  was  still  of  the  opinion  that 
it  possessed  the  power  of  coercing  the  States,  and  that  it 
was  expedient  to  exercise  it.  In  a  letter  to  Colonel  Carrington 
of  the  4th  of  April,  1787,  he  says :  "  It  has  been  so  often  said 
as  to  be  generally  believed,  that  Congress  have  no  power 
by  the  Confederation  to  enforce  anything,  for  instance,  con- 
tributions of  money.  It  was  not  necessary  to  give  them  that 
power  expressly,  they  have  it  by  the  law  of  nature.  When 
two  parties  make  a  compact,  there  results  to  each  the  power 
of  compelling'  the  other  to  execute  it.  Compulsion  was  never 
so  easy  as  in  our  case,  when  a  single  frigate  would  soon 
levy  on  the  commerce  of  a  single  State  the  deficiency  of  its 
contributions." 

Such  was  Mr.  Jefferson's  opinion  of  the  powers  of  Con- 


362  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

gress,  under  the  "  old  contract  of  alliance."  Will  any  rea- 
sonable man  maintain  that  under  a  constitution  of  govern- 
ment there  can  be  less  power  to  enforce  the  laws? 

But  the  cause  of  secession  gains  nothing  by  magnifying 
the  doctrine  of  the  Sovereignty  of  the  States  or  calling 
the  Constitution  a  compact  between  them.  Calling  it  a 
compact  does  not  change  a  word  of  its  text,  and  no  theory 
of  what  is  implied  in  the  word  "  Sovereignty "  is  of  any 
weight,  in  opposition  to  the  actual  provisions  of  the  instru- 
ment itself.  Sovereignty  is  a  word  of  very  various  significa- 
tion. It  is  one  thing  in  China,  another  in  Turkey,  another 
in  Russia,  another  in  France,  another  in  England,  another 
in  Switzerland,  another  in  San  Marino,  another  in  the  in- 
dividual American  States,  and  it  is  something  different  from 
all  in  the  United  States.  To  maintain  that,  because  the 
State  of  Virginia,  for  instance,  was  in  some  sense  or  other 
a  sovereign  State,  when  her  people  adopted  the  Federal 
Constitution  (which  in  terms  was  ordained  and  established, 
not  only  for  the  people  of  that  clay,  but  for  their  posterity), 
she  may  therefore  at  pleasure  secede  from  the  Union  existing 
under  that  Constitution,  is  simply  to  beg  the  question. 
That  question  is  not  what  was  the  theory  or  form  of  govern- 
ment existing  in  Virginia,  before  the  Constitution,  but  what 
are  the  provisions  of  the  Constitution  which  her  people 
adopted  and  made  their  own?  Does  the  Constitution  of 
the  United  States  permit  or  forbid  the  States  to  enter  into 
a  confederation  ?  Is  it  a  mere  loose  partnership,  which  any 
of  the  parties  can  break  up  at  pleasure,  or  is  it  a  Constitu- 
tion of  government,  delegating  to  Congress  and  prohibiting 
to  the  States  most  of  the  primal  functions  of  a  sovereign 
power;  —  Peace,  War,  Commerce,  Finance,  Navy,  Army, 
Mail,  Mint ;  Executive,  Legislative,  and  Judicial  functions  ? 
The  States  are  not  named  in  it ;  the  word  "  Sovereignty  "  does 
not  occur  in  it;  the  right  of  secession  is  as  much  ignored  in 
it  as  the  precession  of  the  equinoxes,  and  all  the  great 
prerogatives  which  characterize  an  independent  member  of 
the  family  of  nations  are  by  distinct  grant  conferred  on 
Congress  by  the  People  of  the  United  States  and  prohibited 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  363 

to  the  individual  States  of  the  Union.  Is  it  not  the  height 
of  absurdity  to  maintain  that  all  these  express  grants  and 
distinct  prohibitions  and  constitutional  arrangements  may 
be  set  at  naught  by  an  individual  State  under  the  pretence 
that  she  was  a  sovereign  State  before  she  assented  to  or 
ratified  them ;  in  other  words,  that  an  act  is  of  no  binding 
force  because  it  was  performed  by  an  authorized  and  com- 
petent agent? 

In  fact,  to  deduce  from  the  sovereignty  of  the  States 
the  right  of  seceding  from  the  Union  is  the  most  stupendous 
non  sequitur  that  was  ever  advanced  in  grave  affairs.  The 
only  legitimate  inference  to  be  drawn  from  that  sovereignty 
is  precisely  the  reverse.  If  any  one  right  can  be  predicated 
of  a  sovereign  State,  it  is  that  of  forming  or  adopting  a 
frame  of  government.  She  may  do  it  alone,  or  she  may 
do  it  as  a  member  of  a  Union.  She  may  enter  into  a  loose 
pact  for  ten  years  or  till  a  partisan  majority  of  a  convention, 
goaded  on  by  ambitious  aspirants  to  power,  shall  vote  in 
secret  session  to  dissolve  it ;  or  she  may,  after  grave  delibera- 
tion and  mature  counsel,  led  by  the  wisest  and  most  virtuous 
of  the  land,  ratify  and  adopt  a  constitution  of  government, 
ordained  and  established  not  only  for  that  generation,  but 
their  posterity,  subject  only  to  the  inalienable  right  of  revolu- 
tion possessed  by  every  political  community. 

What  would  be  thought  in  private  affairs  of  a  man  who 
should  seriously  claim  the  right  to  revoke  a  grant,  in  con- 
sequence of  having  an  unqualified  right  to  make  it?  A  right 
to  break  a  contract,  because  he  had  a  right  to  enter  into  it  ? 
To  what  extent  is  it  more  rational  on  the  part  of  a  State  to 
found  the  right  to  dissolve  the  Union  on  the  competence 
of  the  parties  to  form  it;  the  right  to  prostrate  a  government 
on  the  fact  that  it  was  constitutionally  framed  ? 

But  let  us  look  at  parallel  cases,  and  they  are  by  no  means 
wanting.  In  the  year  1800,  a  union  was  formed  between 
England  and  Ireland.  Ireland,  before  she  entered  into  the 
union,  was  subject,  indeed,  to  the  English  crown,  but  she 
had  her  own  Parliament,  consisting  of  her  own  Lords  and 
Commons,  and  enacting  her  own  laws.     In  1800  she  entered 


364  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

into  a  constitutional  union  with  England  on  the  basis  of 
articles  of  agreement,  jointly  accepted  by  the  two  Parlia- 
ments.* The  union  was  opposed  at  the  time  by  a  powerful 
minority  in  Ireland,  and  Mr.  O'Connell  succeeded,  thirty  years 
later,  by  ardent  appeals  to  the  sensibilities  of  the  people, 
in  producing  an  almost  unanimous  desire  for  its  dissolution. 
He  professed,  however,  although  he  had  wrought  his  coun- 
trymen to  the  verge  of  rebellion,  to  aim  at  nothing  but 
a  constitutional  repeal  of  the  articles  of  union  by  the 
Parliament  of  Great  Britain.  It  never  occurred,  even  to 
his  fervid  imagination,  that,  because  Ireland  was  an  in- 
dependent government  when  she  entered  into  the  union, 
it  was  competent  for  her  at  her  discretion  to  secede  from  it. 
What  would  our  English  friends,  who  have  learned  from 
our  Secessionists  the  "inherent  right"  of  a  disaffected 
State  to  secede  from  our  Union,  have  thought,  had  Mr. 
O'Connell,  in  the  paroxysms  of  his  agitation,  claimed  the 
right  on  the  part  of  Ireland,  by  her  own  act,  to  sever  her 
union  with  England  ? 

Again,  in  1706,  Scotland  and  England  formed  a  Con- 
stitutional Union.  They  also,  though  subject  to  the  same 
monarch,  were  in  other  respects  Sovereign  and  Independent 
Kingdoms.  They  had  each  its  separate  Parliament,  courts 
of  justice,  laws,  and  established  national  church.  Articles 
of  union  were  established  between  them ;  but  all  the  laws 
and  statutes  of  either  kingdom  not  contrary  to  these  articles 
remained  in  force.f  A  powerful  minority  in  Scotland  dis- 
approved of  the  Union  at  the  time.  Nine  years  afterward 
an  insurrection  broke  out  in  Scotland  under  a  prince,  who 
claimed  to  be  the  lawful,  as  he  certainly  was  the  lineal, 
heir  to  the  throne.  The  rebellion  was  crushed,  but  the 
disaffection  in  which  it  had  its  origin  was  not  wholly  ap- 
peased. In  thirty  years  more  a  second  Scottish  insurrection 
took  place,  and,  as  before,  under  the  lead  of  the  lineal  heir 
to  the  crown.  On  neither  occasion  that  I  ever  heard  of  did 
it  enter  into  the  imagination  of  rebel  or  loyalist,  that  Scot- 

*  Annual  Register,  Vol.  XIII.  p.  190. 

t  llapin's  History  of  England,  Vol.  IV.  pp.  741-746. 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  365 

land  was  acting  under  a  reserved  right  as  a  sovereign  king- 
dom, to  secede  from  the  Union,  or  that  the  movement  was 
anything  less  than  an  insurrection ;  revolution  if  it  suc- 
ceeded ;  treason  and  rebellion  if  it  failed.  Neither  do  I 
recollect  that,  in  less  than  a  month  after  either  insurrection 
broke  out,  any  one  of  the  friendly  and  neutral  powers  made 
haste,  in  anticipation  even  of  the  arrival  of  the  ministers 
of  the  reigning  sovereign,  to  announce  that  the  rebels 
"  would  be  recognized  as  belligerents." 

In  fact,  it  is  so  plain,  in  the  nature  of  things,  that  there 
can  be  no  constitutional  right  to  break  up  a  government 
unless  it  is  expressly  provided  for,  that  the  politicians  of 
the  secession  school  are  driven  back,  at  every  turn,  to  a 
reserved  right.  I  have  already  shown  that  there  is  no 
such  express  reservation,  and  I  have  dwelt  on  the  absurdity 
of  getting  by  implication  a  reserved  right  to  violate  every 
express  provision  of  a  constitution.  In  this  strait,  Virginia, 
proverbially  skilled  in  logical  subtilties,  has  attempted  to 
find  an  express  reservation,  not,  of  course,  in  the  Constitu- 
tion itself,  where  it  does  not  exist,  but  in  her  original  act 
of  adhesion,  or  rather  in  the  declaration  of  the  "  impressions  " 
under  which  that  act  was  adopted.  The  ratification  itself 
of  Virginia  was  positive  and  unconditional.  "  We,  the 
said  delegates,  in  the  name  and  behalf  of  the  People  of 
Virginia,  do,  by  these  presents,  assent  and  ratify  the  Con- 
stitution recommended  on  the  17th  day  of  September,  1787, 
by  the  Federal  Convention,  for  the  government  of  the  United 
States,  hereby  announcing  to  all  those  whom  it  may  con- 
cern, that  the  said  Constitution  is  binding  upon  the  said 
People,  according  to  an  authentic  copy  hereunto  annexed. 
Done  in  Convention  this  26th  day  of  June,  1788." 

This,  as  you  perceive,  is  an  absolute  and  unconditional 
ratification  of  the  Constitution  by  the  People  of  Virginia. 
An  attempt,  however,  is  made,  by  the  late  Convention  in 
Virginia,  in  their  ordinance  of  secession,  to  extract  a  reserva- 
tion of  a  right  to  secede,  out  of  the  declaration  contained 
in  the  preamble  to  the  act  of  ratification.  That  preamble 
declares  it  to  be  an  "  impression  "  of  the  people  of  Virginia, 


866  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

that  the  powers  granted  under  the  Constitution,*  being 
derived  from  the  people  of  the  United  States,  may  be 
resumed  by  them,  whenever  the  same  shall  be  perverted 
to  their  injury  or  oppression.  The  ordinance  of  secession 
passed  by  the  recent  convention,  purporting  to  cite  this 
declaration,  omits  the  words  by  them,  that  is,  by  the  People 
of  the  United  States,  not  by  the  people  of  any  single  State, 
thus  arrogating  to  the  people  of  Virginia  alone  what  the 
Convention  of  1788  claimed  only,  and  that  by  way  of  "  im- 
pression," for  the  people  of  the  United  States. 

By  this  most  grave  omission  of  the  vital  words  of  the 
sentence,  the  Convention,  I  fear,  intended  to  lead  the  in- 
cautious or  the  ignorant  to  the  conclusion,  that  the  Con- 
vention of  1788  asserted  the  right  of  an  individual  State 
to  resume  the  powers  granted  in  the  Constitution  to  the 
General  Government;  a  claim  for  which  there  is  not  the 
slightest  foundation  in  Constitutional  history.  On  the  con- 
trary, when  the  ill-omened  doctrine  of  State  nullification 
was  sought  to  be  sustained  by  the  same  argument  in  1830, 
and  the  famous  Virginia  resolutions  of  1798  were  appealed 
to  by  Mr.  Calhoun  and  his  friends,  as  affording  countenance 
to  that  doctrine,  it  was  repeatedly  and  emphatically  declared 
by  Mr.  Madison,  the  author  of  the  resolutions,  that  they 
were  intended  to  claim,  not  for  an  individual  State,  but  for 
the  United  States,  by  whom  the  Constitution  was  ordained 
and  established,  the  right  of  remedying  its  abuses  by  con- 
stitutional ways,  such  as  united  protest,  repeal,  or  an  amend- 
ment of  the  Constitution.*  Incidentally  to  the  discussion 
of  nullification,  he  denied  over  and  over  again  the  right 
of  peaceable  secession ;  and  this  fact  was  well  known  to 
some  of  the  members  of  the  late  Convention  at  Richmond. 
When  the  secrets  of  their  assembly  are  laid  open,  no  doubt 
it  will  appear  that  there  were  some  faithful  Abdiels  to 
proclaim  the  fact.  O,  that  the  venerable  sage,  second  to 
none  of  his  patriot  compeers  in  framing  the  Constitution, 
the  equal  associate  of  Hamilton  in  recommending  it  to 
the  People  its  great  champion  in  the  Virginia  Convention 

*  Maguire's  Collection,  p.  213. 


THE   QUESTIONS   OF   THE   DAY.  867 

of  1788,  and  its  faithful  vindicator  in  1830,  against  the 
deleterious  heresy  of  nullification,  could  have  been  spared  to 
protect  it,  at  the  present  day,  from  the  still  deadlier  venom 
of  Secession!  But  he  is  gone;  the  principles,  the  traditions, 
and  the  illustrious  memories  which  gave  to  Virginia  her 
name  and  her  praise  in  the  land  are  no  longer  cherished; 
the  work  of  Washington,  and  Madison,  and  Randolph,  and 
Pendleton,  and  Marshall  is  repudiated,  and  milliners,  pre- 
cipitators, and  seceders  gather  in  secret  conclave  to  destroy 
the  Constitution,  in  the  very  building  that  holds  the  monu- 
mental statue  of  the   Father  of  his   Country! 

Having  had  occasion  to  allude  to  the  Virginia  resolutions 
of  1798,  I  may  observe  that  of  these  famous  resolves,  the 
subject  of  so  much  political  romance,  it  is  time  that  a  little 
plain  truth  should  be  promulgated.  The  country,  in  1798, 
was  vehemently  agitated  by  the  struggles  of  the  domestic 
parties,  which  about  equally  divided  it,  and  these  struggles 
were  urged  to  unwonted  and  extreme  bitterness  by  the  prep- 
arations made  and  making  for  a  war  with  France.  By 
an  act  of  Congress,  passed  in  the  summer  of  that  year, 
the  President  of  the  United  States  was  clothed  with  power 
to  send  from  the  country  any  alien  whom  he  might  judge 
dangerous  to  the  public  peace  and  safety,  or  who  should 
be  concerned  in  any  treasonable  or  secret  machinations 
against  the  Government  of  the  United  States.  This  act 
was  passed  as  a  war  measure ;  it  was  to  be  in  force  two 
years,  and  it  expired  by  its  own  limitation  on  the  25th  of 
June,  1800.  War,  it  is  true,  had  not  been  formally  declared ; 
but  hostilities  on  the  ocean  had  taken  place  on  both  sides, 
and  the  army  of  the  United  States  had  been  placed  upon 
a  war  footing.  The  measure  was  certainly  within  the  war 
power,  and  one  which  no  prudent  commander,  even  without 
the  authority  of  a  statute,  would  hesitate  to  execute  in  an 
urgent  case  within  his  own  district.  Congress  thought  fit, 
to  provide  for  and  regulate  its  exercise  by  law. 

Two  or  three  weeks  later  (14th  July,  1798)  another  law 
was  enacted,  making  it  penal  to  combine  or  conspire  with 
intent  to  oppose  any  lawful  measure  of  the  Government  of 


368  THE   QUESTIONS   OF   THE   DAY. 

the  United  States,  or  to  write,  print,  or  publish  any  false  and 
scandalous  writing  against  the  Government,  either  House 
of  Congress,  or  the  President  of  the  United  States.  In  pros- 
ecutions under  this  law,  it  was  provided  that  the  Truth  might 
be  pleaded  in  justification,  and  that  the  jury  should  be  judges 
of  the  law  as  well  as  of  the  fact.  This  law  was  by  its  own 
limitation  to  expire  at  the  close  of  the  then  current  Presiden- 
tial term. 

Such  are  the  famous  alien  and  sedition  laws,  passed  under 
the  Administration  of  that  noble  and  true-hearted  Revolution- 
ary patriot,  John  Adams,  though  not  recommended  by  him 
officially  or  privately;  adjudged  to  be  constitutional  by  the 
Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States ;  distinctly  approved  by 
Washington,  Patrick  Henry,  and  Marshall;  and,  whatever 
else  may  be  said  of  them,  certainly  preferable  to  the  laws 
which,  throughout  the  Seceding  States,  Judge  Lynch  would 
not  fail  to  enforce  at  the  lamp-post  and  tar-bucket  against 
any  person  guilty  of  the  offences  against  which  these  statutes 
were  aimed. 

It  suited,  however,  the  purposes  of  party  at  that  time 
to  raise  a  formidable  clamor  against  these  laws.  It  was  in 
vain  that  their  constitutionality  was  affirmed  by  the  Judi- 
ciary of  the  United  States.  "  Nothing,"  said  Washington, 
alluding  to  these  laws,  "  will  produce  the  least  change  in  the 
conduct  of  the  leaders  of  the  opposition  to  the  measures  of  the 
General  Government.  They  have  points  to  carry  from  which 
no  reasoning,  no  inconsistency  of  conduct,  no  absurdity,  can 
divert  them."  Such,  in  the  opinion  of  Washington,  was  the 
object  for  which  the  Legislatures  of  Virginia  and  Kentucky 
passed  their  famous  resolutions  of  1798,  the  former  drafted 
by  Mr.  Madison  and  the  latter  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  and  sent  to 
a  friend  in  Kentucky  to  be  brought  forward.  These  resolu- 
tions were  transmitted  to  the  other  States  for  their  concurrence. 
The  replies  from  the  States  which  made  any  response  were 
referred  the  following  year  to  committees  in  Virginia  and 
Kentucky.  In  the  Legislature  of  Virginia,  an  elaborate 
report  was  made  by  Mr.  Madison,  explaining  and  defending 
the  resolutions ;  in  Kentucky  another  resolve  reaffirming  those 


THE   QUESTIONS    OF   THE   DAY.  369 

of  the  preceding  year  was  drafted  by  Mr.  Wilson  Cary  Nich- 
olas, not  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  as  stated  by  General  McDuffie. 
Our  respect  for  the  distinguished  men  who  took  the  lead  on 
this  occasion,  then  ardently  engaged  in  the  warfare  of  poli- 
tics, must  not  make  us  fear  to  tell  the  truth,  that  the  simple 
object  of  the  entire  movement  was  to  make  "  political  cap- 
ital "  for  the  approaching  election,  by  holding  up  to  the  ex- 
cited imaginations  of  the  masses  the  Alien  and  Sedition  laws, 
as  an  infraction  of  the  Constitution,  which  threatened  the 
overthrow  of  the  liberties  of  the  People.  The  resolutions 
maintained  that,  the  States  being  parties  to  the  constitutional 
compact,  in  a  case  of  deliberate,  palpable,  and  dangerous 
exercise  of  powers  not  granted  by  the  compact,  the  States 
have  a  right  and  are  in  duty  bound  to  interpose  for  prevent- 
ing the  progress  of  the  evil. 

Such,  in  brief,  was  the  main  purport  of  the  Virginia  and 
Kentucky  resolutions.  The  sort  of  interposition  intended 
was  left  in  studied  obscurity.  Not  a  word  was  dropped  of 
secession  from  the  Union.  Mr.  Nicholas's  resolution  in  1799 
hinted  at  "  nullification "  as  the  appropriate  remedy  for  an 
unconstitutional  law,  but  what  was  meant  by  the  ill-sounding 
word  was  not  explained.  The  words  "  null,  void,  and  of  no 
effect,"  contained  in  the  original  draft  of  the  Virginia  resolu- 
tions, were,  on  motion  of  John  Taylor  of  Caroline,  stricken 
from  them,  on  their  passage  through  the  Assembly ;  and  Mr. 
Madison,  in  his  report  of  1799,  carefully  explains  that  no 
extra-constitutional  measures  were  intended.  One  of  the 
Kentucky  resolutions  ends  with  an  invitation  to  the  States 
to  unite  in  a  petition  to  repeal  the  laws. 

These  resolutions  were  communicated,  as  I  have  said,  to 
the  other  States  for  concurrence.  From  most  of  them  no 
response  was  received ;  some  adopted  dissenting  reports  and 
resolutions;  not  one  concurred.  But  the  resolutions  did 
their  work,  —  all  that  they  were  intended  or  expected  to  do,  — 
by  shaking  the  Administration.  At  the  ensuing  election,  Mr. 
Jefferson,  at  whose  instance  the  entire  movement  was  made, 
was  chosen  President  by  a  very  small  majority ;  Mr.  Madison 
was  placed  at  the  head  of  his  administration  as  Secretary  of 
vol.  iv.  24 


870  THE    QUESTIONS   OF   THE   DAY. 

State ;  the  obnoxious  laws  expired  by  their  own  limitation  ;  not 
repealed  by  the  dominant  party,  as  Mr.  Calhoun  with  strange 
inadvertence  asserts;*  and  Mr.  Jefferson  proceeded  to  admin- 
ister the  Government  upon  constitutional  principles  quite  as 
lax,  to  say  the  least,  as  those  of  his  predecessors.  If  there 
was  any  marked  departure  in  his  general  policy  from  the 
course  hitherto  pursued,  it  was  that,  having  some  theoretical 
prejudices  against  a  navy,  he  allowed  that  branch  of  the  ser- 
vice to  languish.  By  no  Administration  have  the  powers 
of  the  General  Government  been  more  liberally  construed,  — 
not  to  say  further  strained,  —  sometimes  beneficially,  as  in 
the  acquisition  of  Louisiana,  sometimes  perniciously,  as  in 
the  embargo.  The  resolutions  of  1798,  and  the  metaphysics 
they  inculcated,  were  surrendered  to  the  cobwebs  which  ha- 
bitually await  the  plausible  exaggerations  of  the  canvass 
after  an  election  is  decided.  These  resolutions  of  1798  have 
been  sometimes  in  Virginia  waked  from  their  slumbers  at 
closely  contested  elections  as  a  party  cry ;  the  report  of  the 
Hartford  Convention,  without  citing  them  by  name,  borrows 
their  language  ;  but  as  representing  in  their  modern  interpre- 
tation any  system  on  which  the  Government  ever  was  or 
could  be  administered,  they  were  buried  in  the  same  grave 
as  the  Laws  which  called  them  forth. 

Unhappily  during  their  transient  vitality,  like  the  butterfly 
which  deposits  its  egg  in  the  apple-blossoms  that  have  so 
lately  filled  our  orchards  with  beauty  and  perfume,  —  a  gilded 
harmless  moth,  whose  food  is  a  dew-drop,  whose  life  is  a 
midsummer's  day,  —  these  resolutions,  misconceived  and  per- 
verted, proved,  in  the  minds  of  ambitious  and  reckless  poli- 
ticians, the  germ  of  a  fatal  heresy.  The  butterfly's  egg  is  a 
microscopic  speck,  but  as  the  fruit  grows,  the  little  speck 
gives  life  to  a  greedy  and  nauseous  worm,  that  gnaws  and 
bores  to  the  heart  of  the  apple,  and  renders  it,  though  smooth 
and  fair  without,  foul  and  bitter  and  rotten  within.  In  like 
manner,  the  theoretical  generalities  of  these  resolutions,  in- 
tending nothing  in  the  minds  of  their  authors  but  consti- 
tutional   efforts   to    procure    the    repeal  of  obnoxious  laws, 

*  Mr.  Calhoun's  Discourse  on  the  Constitution,  p.  859. 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  371 

4 

matured  in  the  minds  of  a  later  generation  into  the  deadly- 
paradoxes  of  1830  and  1860,  —  kindred  products  of  the  same 
soil,  venenorum  ferax;  —  the  one  asserting  the  monstrous 
absurdity  that  a  State,  though  remaining  in  the  Union,  could 
by  her  single  act  nullify  a  law  of  Congress  ;  the  other  teach- 
ing the  still  more  preposterous  doctrine,  that  a  single  State 
may  nullify  the  Constitution.  The  first  of  these  heresies 
failed  to  spread  far  beyond  the  latitude  where  it  was  engen- 
dered. In  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  the  great  acute- 
ness  of  its  inventor  (Mr.  Calhoun),  then  the  Vice-President, 
and  the  accomplished  rhetoric  of  its  champion  (Mr.  Hayne), 
failed  to  raise  it  above  the  level  of  a  plausible  sophism.  It 
sunk  forever  discredited  beneath  the  sturdy  common  sense  and 
indomitable  will  of  Jackson,  the  mature  wisdom  of  Livingston, 
the  keen  analysis  of  Clay,  and  the  crushing  logic  of  Webster. 

Nor  was  this  all :  the  venerable  author  of  the  Resolutions 
of  1798  and  of  the  report  of  1799  was  still  living  in  a  green 
old  age.  His  connection  with  those  state  papers,  and  still 
more  his  large  participation  in  the  formation  and  adoption 
of  the  Constitution,  entitled  him,  beyond  all  men  living,  to 
be  consulted  on  the  subject.  No  effort  was  spared  by  the 
leaders  of  the  Nullification  school  to  draw  from  him  even  a 
qualified  assent  to  their  theories.  But  in  vain.  He  not  only 
refused  to  admit  their  soundness,  but  he  devoted  his  time 
and  energies  for  three  laborious  years  to  the  preparation  of 
essays  and  letters,  of  which  the  object  was  to  demonstrate 
that  his  resolutions  and  report  did  not  and  could  not  bear 
the  Carolina  interpretation.  He  earnestly  maintained  that 
the  separate  action  of  an  individual  State  was  not  contem- 
plated by  them,  and  that  they  had  in  view  nothing  but  the 
concerted  action  of  the  States  to  procure  the  repeal  of  un- 
constitutional laws  or  an  amendment  of  the  Constitution.* 

With  one  such  letter  written  with  this  intent  I  was  myself 
honored.     It  filled  ten  pages  of  the  journal  in  which  with 

*  A  very  considerable  portion  of  the  important  volume  containing  a 
selection  from  the  Madison  papers,  and  printed  "  exclusively  for  private  dis- 
tribution "  by  J.  C.  McGuire,  Esq.,  in  1853,  is  taken  up  with  these  letters 
and  essays. 


372  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

his  permission  it  was  published.  It  unfolded  the  true  theory 
of  the  Constitution  and  the  meaning  and  design  of  the  res- 
olutions, and  exposed  the  false  gloss  attempted  to  be  placed 
upon  them  by  the  Nullifiers,  with  a  clearness  and  force  of 
reasoning  which  defied  refutation.  None,  to  my  knowledge, 
was  ever  attempted.  The  politicians  of  the  Nullification  and 
Secession  school,  as  far  as  I  am  aware,  have  from  that  day 
to  this  made  no  attempt  to  grapple  with  Mr.  Madison's  letter 
of  August,  1830*  Mr.  Calhoun  certainly  made  no  such 
attempt  in  the  elaborate  treatise  composed  by  him,  mainly 
for  the  purpose  of  expounding  the  doctrine  of  Nullification. 
He  claims  the  support  of  these  resolutions,  without  adverting 
to  the  fact  that  his  interpretation  of  them  had  been  repudi- 
ated by  their  illustrious  author.  He  repeats  his  exploded 
paradoxes  as  confidently  as  if  Mr.  Madison  himself  had 
expired  with  the  Alien  and  Sedition  laws,  and  left  no  testi- 
mony to  the  meaning  of  his  resolutions  ;  while,  at  the  present 
day,  with  equal  confidence  the  same  resolutions  are  appealed 
to  by  the  disciples  of  Mr.  Calhoun  as  sustaining  the  doctrine 
of  secession,  in  the  face  of  the  positive  declaration  of  their 
author,  when  that  doctrine  first  began  to  be  broached,  that 
they  will  bear  no  such  interpretation. 

In  this  respect  the  disciples  have  gone  beyond  the  master. 
There  is  a  single  sentence  in  Mr.  Calhoun's  elaborate  volume 
in  which  he  maintains  the  right  of  a  State  to  secede  from 
the  Union.  (Page  301.)  There  is  reason  to  suppose,  how- 
ever, that  he  intended  to  claim  only  the  inalienable  right  of 
revolution.  In  1828,  a  declaration  of  political  principles  was 
drawn  up  by  him  for  the  State  of  South  Carolina,  in  which 
it  was  expressly  taught,  that  the  people  of  that  State  by  adopt- 
ing the  Federal  Constitution  had  "  modified  its  original  right 
of  sovereignty,  whereby  its  individual  consent  was  necessary 
to  any  change  in  its  political  condition,  and  by  becoming  a 
member  of  the  Union,  had  placed  that  power  in  the  hands 
of  three  fourths  of  the  States  [the  number  necessary  for  a 
Constitutional  amendment],  in  whom  the  highest  power 
known  to  the   Constitution  actually  resides."      In  a  recent 

*  North  American  Review,  Vol.  XXXI.  p.  587. 


THE    QUESTIONS   OF   THE  DAY.  373 

patriotic  speech  of  Mr.  Reverdy  Johnson,  at  Frederick,  Md., 
on  the  7th  of  May,  the  distinct  authority  of  Mr.  Calhoun  is 
quoted  as  late  as  1844  against  the  right  of  separate  action 
on  the  part  of  an  individual  State,  and  I  am  assured  by  the 
same  respected  gentleman,  that  it  is  within  his  personal 
knowledge,  that  Mr.  Calhoun  did  not  maintain  the  peaceful 
right  of  Secession.* 

But  it  may  be  thought  a  waste  of  time  to  argue  against 
a  constitutional  right  of  peaceful  Secession,  since  no  one 
denies  the  right  of  Revolution ;  and  no  pains  are  spared  by 
the  disaffected  leaders,  while  they  claim  indeed  the  Constitu- 
tional right,  to  represent  their  movement  as  the  uprising  of 
an  indignant  People  against  an  oppressive  and  tyrannical 
Government. 

An  oppressive  and  tyrannical  government!  Let  us  exam- 
ine this  pretence  for  a  few  moments,  first  in  the  general,  and 
then  in  the  detail,  of  its  alleged  tyrannies  and  abuses. 

This  oppressive  and  tyrannical  Government  is  the  success- 
ful solution  of  a  problem  which  had  tasked  the  sagacity  of  man- 
kind from  the  dawn  of  civilization,  namely,  to  find  a  form  of 
polity,  by  which  institutions  purely  popular  could  be  extended 
over  a  vast  empire,  free  alike  from  despotic  centralization 
and  undue  preponderance  of  the  local  powers.  It  was  neces- 
sarily a  complex  system ;  a  Union  at  once  federal  and  na- 
tional. It  leaves  to  the  separate  States  the  control  of  all 
matters  of  purely  local  administration,  and  confides  to  the 
central  power  the  management  of  foreign  affairs  and  of  all 
other  concerns  in  which  the  United  family  have  a  joint  inter- 
est. All  the  organized  and  delegated  powers  depend  directly 
or  very  nearly  so  on  popular  choice.  This  Government  was 
not  imposed  upon  the  People  by  a  foreign  conqueror ;  it  is 
not  an  inheritance  descending  from  barbarous  ages,  laden 
with  traditionary  abuses,  which  create  a  painful  ever-recur- 
ring necessity  of  reform  ;  it  is  not  the  conceit  of  heated  en- 
thusiasts in  the  spasms  of  a  revolution.  It  is  the  recent  and 
voluntary  framework  of  an  enlightened  age,  compacted  by 
wise  and  good  men,  with  deliberation  and  care,  working 
*  See  Appendix  B. 


374  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

upon  materials   prepared  by  long   Colonial  discipline.      In 
framing  it,  they  sought  to  combine  the  merits  and  to  avoid  the 
defects  of  former  systems  of  government.     The  greatest  pos- 
sible liberty  of  the   citizen  is  the  basis  ;  just  representation 
the  ruling  principle,  reconciling  with  rare  ingenuity  the  federal 
equality  of  the   States,  with  the  proportionate  influence  of 
numbers.     Its  legislative  and  executive  magistrates  are  freely 
chosen  at  short  periods;  its  judiciary  alone  holding  office  by 
a  more  permanent,  but  still  sufficiently   responsible  tenure. 
No  money  flows  into  or  out  of  the   Treasury  but  under  the 
direct  sanction  of  the  representatives  of  the  People,  on  whom 
also  all  the  great  functions  of  Government  for  peace   and 
war,  within  the  limits  already  indicated,  are  devolved.     No 
hereditary    titles    or  privileges,   no  distinction   of   ranks,   no 
established  church,  no  courts  of  high  commission,  no  censor- 
ship of  the   press,  are  known  to  the  system ;  not  a  drop  of 
blood    has    ever   flowed   under   its  authority  for  a    political 
offence ;  but  this  tyrannical  and  oppressive  Government  has 
certainly  exhibited  a  more  perfect  development  of  equal  re- 
publican principles  than  has  ever  before  existed  on  any  con- 
siderable   scale.     Under   its    benign    influence,    the    country, 
every  part  of  the   country,  has   prospered   beyond  all  former 
example.     Its  population  has  increased ;  its  commerce,  agri- 
culture, and  manufactures    have    flourished;    manners,   arts, 
education,  letters,  all  that  dignifies  and  ennobles  man,  have 
in  a  shorter  period  attained  a  higher  point  of  cultivation  than 
has   ever  before  been   witnessed  in   a  newly  settled  region. 
The  consequence  has  been  consideration  and  influence  abroad 
and  marvellous  well-being  at  home.     The  world  has  looked 
with  admiration'  upon  the  country's  progress ;  we  have  our- 
selves contemplated  it,  perhaps,  with  undue  self-complacency. 
Armies  without  conscription  ;    navies  without  impressment, 
and  neither  army  nor  navy  swelled  to  an  oppressive  size ;  an 
overflowing  treasury  without   direct  taxation   or  oppressive 
taxation  of  any  kind ;  churches  without  number  and  with  no 
denominational  preferences  on  the  part  of  the  state ;  schools 
and  colleges  accessible  to  all  the  people ;  a  free  and  a  cheap 
press ;  —  all  the  great  institutions  of    social  life  extending 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  375 

their  benefits  to  the  mass  of  the  community,  —  such,  no  one 
can  deny,  is  the  general  character  of  this  oppressive  and 
tyrannical  government. 

But  perhaps  this  Government,  however  wisely  planned, 
however  beneficial  even  in  its  operation,  may  have  been 
rendered  distasteful,  or  may  have  become  oppressive  in  one 
part  of  the  country  and  to  one  portion  of  the  people,  in 
consequence  of  the  control  of  affairs  having  been  monopo- 
lized or  unequally  shared  by  another  portion.  In  a  Con- 
federacy, the  people  of  one  section  are  not  well  pleased  to  be 
even  mildly  governed  by  an  exclusive  domination  of  the 
other.  In  point  of  fact  this  is  the  allegation,  the  persistent 
allegation,  of  the  South,  that  from  the  foundation  of  the 
Government  it  has  been  wielded  by  the  people  of  the  North 
for  their  special,  often  exclusive,  benefit,  and  to  the  injury 
and  oppression  of  the  South.  Let  us  see.  Out  of  seventy- 
two  years  since  the  organization  of  the  Government,  the 
Executive  chair  has,  for  sixty-four  years,  been  filled  nearly 
all  the  time  by  Southern  Presidents ;  and  when  that  was 
not  the  case,  by  Presidents  possessing  the  confidence  of 
the  South.  For  a  still  longer  period,  the  controlling  in- 
fluences of  the  Legislative  and  Judicial  departments  of  the 
Government  have  centred  in  the  same  quarter.  Of  all  the 
offices  in  the  gift  of  the  central  power  in  every  department, 
far  more  than  her  proportionate  share  has  always  been  en- 
joyed by  the  South.  She  is  at  this  moment  revolting 
against  a  Government,  not  only  admitted  to  be  the  mildest 
and  most  beneficent  ever  organized  this  side  Utopia,  but 
one  of  which  she  has  herself  from  the  first  almost  monopo- 
lized the  administration. 

But  are  there  no  wrongs,  abuses,  and  oppressions,  alleged 
to  have  been  suffered  by  the  South,  which  have  rendered  her 
longer  submission  to  the  Federal  Government  intolerable, 
and  which  are  pleaded  as  the  motive  and  justification  of  the 
revolt?  Of  course  there  are,  but  with  such  variation  and 
uncertainty  of  statement  as  to  render  their  examination 
difficult.  The  manifesto  of  South  Carolina  of  the  20th  of 
December  last,  which  led  the  way  in  this  inauspicious  move- 


376  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

ment,  sets  forth  nothing  but  the  passage  of  State  laws  to 
obstruct  the  surrender  of  fugitive  slaves.  The  document 
does  not  state  that  South  Carolina  herself  ever  lost  a  slave 
in  consequence  of  these  laws,  it  is  not  probable  she  ever 
did,  and  yet  she  makes  the  existence  of  these  laws,  which  are 
wholly  inoperative  as  far  as  she  is  concerned,  and  which 
probably  never  caused  to  the  entire  South  the  loss  of  a  dozen 
fugitives,  the  ground  for  breaking  up  the  Union  and  plung- 
ing the  country  into  a  civil  war.  But  I  shall  presently  revert 
to  this  topic. 

Other  statements  in  other  quarters  enlarge  the  list  of 
grievances.  In  the  month  of  November  last,  after  the  result 
of  the  presidential  election  was  ascertained,  a  very  interesting 
discussion  of  the  subject  of  secession  took  place  at  Milledge- 
ville,  before  the  members  of  the  Legislature  of  Georgia  and 
the  citizens  generally,  between  two  gentlemen  of  great  ability 
and  eminence,  since  elected,  the  one  Secretary  of  State,  the 
other  Vice-President  of  the  new  Confederacy :  the  former 
urging  the  necessity  and  duty  of  immediate  secession;  the 
latter  opposing  it.  I  take  the  grievances  and  abuses  of 
the  Federal  Government,  which  the  South  has  suffered  at 
the  hands  of  the  North,  and  which  were  urged  by  the  former 
speaker  as  the  grounds  of  secession,  as  I  find  them  stated 
and  to  some  extent  answered  by  his  friend  and  fellow-citizen 
(then  opposed  to  secession)  according  to  the  report  in  the 
Milledgeville  papers. 

And  what,  think  you,  was  the  grievance  in  the  front  rank 
of  those  oppressions  on  the  part  of  the  North,  which  have 
driven  the  long-suffering  and  patient  South  to  open  rebellion 
against  "the  best  Government  that  the  history  of  the  world 
gives  any  account  of"?  It  was  not  that  upon  which  the 
Convention  of  South  Carolina  relied.  You  will  hardly 
believe  it ;  posterity  will  surely  not  believe  it.  "  We  lis- 
tened," said  Mr.  Vice-President  Stephens,  in  his  reply,  "to 
my  honorable  friend  last  night  (Mr.  Toombs),  as  he  re- 
counted the  evils  of  this  Government.  The  Jirst  was  the 
fishing  bounties  paid  mostly  to  the  sailors  of  New  England." 
The  bounty  paid  by  the  Federal  Government  to  encourage 
the  deep-sea  fisheries  of  the  United  States! 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  377 

You  are  aware  that  this  laborious  branch  of  industry 
has,  by  all  maritime  states,  been  ever  regarded  with  special 
favor  as  the  nursery  of  naval  power.  The  fisheries  of  the 
American  Colonies  before  the  American  Re'volution  drew 
from  Burke  one  of  the  most  gorgeous  bursts  of  eloquence 
in  our  language,  —  in  any  language.  They  were  all  but 
annihilated  by  the  Revolution,  but  they  furnished  the  men 
who  followed  Manly,  and  Tucker,  and  Biddle,  and  Paul  Jones 
to  the  jaws  of  death.  Reviving  after  the  war,  they  attracted 
the  notice  of  the  First  Congress,  and  were  recommended  to 
their  favor  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  then  Secretary  of  State.  This 
favor  was  at  first  extended  to  them  in  the  shape  of  a  draw- 
back of  the  duty  on  the  various  imported  articles  employed 
in  the  building  and  outfit  of  the  vessels  and  on  the  foreign 
salt  used  in  preserving  the  fish.  The  complexity  of  this 
arrangement  led  to  the  substitution  at  first  of  a  certain 
bounty  on  the  quantity  of  the  fish  exported;  afterwards 
on  the  tonnage  of  the  vessels  employed  in  the  fisheries.  All 
administrations  have  concurred  in  the  measure ;  Presidents 
of  all  parties — though  there  has  not  been  much  variety 
of  party  in  that  office  —  have  approved  the  appropriations. 
If  the  North  had  a  local  interest  in  these  bounties,  the  South 
got  the  principal  food  of  her  laboring  population  so  much 
the  cheaper ;  and  she  had  her  common  share  in  the  protec- 
tion which  the  navy  afforded  her  coasts,  and  in  the  glory 
which  it  shed  on  the  flag  of  the  country.  But  since,  un- 
fortunately, the  deep-sea  fisheries  do  not  exist  in  the  Gulf 
of  Mexico,  nor,  as  in  the  "  age  of  Pyrrha,"  on  the  top  of  the 
Blue  Ridge,  it  has  been  discovered  of  late  years  that  these 
bounties  are  a  violation  of  the  Constitution;  a  largess 
bestowed  by  the  common  treasury  on  one  section  of  the 
country,  and  not  shared  by  the  other;  one  of  the  hundred 
ways,  in  a  word,  in  which  the  rapacious  North  is  fattening 
upon  the  oppressed  and  pillaged  South.  You  will  naturally 
wish  to  know  the  amount  of  this  tyrannical  and  oppressive 
bounty.  It  is  stated  by  a  senator  from  Alabama  (Mr.  Clay) 
who  has  warred  against  it  with  perseverance  and  zeal,  and 
succeeded  in  the  last   Congress  in  carrying  a  bill  through 


378  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

the  Senate  for  its  repeal,  to  have  amounted,  on  the  average, 
to  an  annual  sum  of  200,005  dollars!  Such  is  the  porten- 
tous grievance  which  in  Georgia  stands  at  the  head  of  the 
acts  of  oppression,  for  which,  although  repealed  in  one 
branch  of  Congress,  the  Union  is  to  be  broken  up,  and  the 
country  desolated  by  war.  Switzerland  revolted  because  an 
Austrian  tyrant  invaded  the  sanctity  of  her  firesides,  crushed 
out  the  eyes  of  aged  patriots,  and  compelled  her  fathers 
to  shoot  apples  from  the  heads  of  her  sons ;  the  Low  Coun- 
tries revolted  against  the  fires  of  the  Inquisition,  and  the 
infernal  cruelties  of  Alva ;  our  fathers  revolted  because  they 
were  taxed  by  a  Parliament  in  which  they  were  not  repre- 
sented ;  the  Cotton  States  revolt  because  a  paltry  subvention 
is  paid  to  the  hardy  fishermen  who  form  the  nerve  and 
muscle  of  the   American   Navy. 

But  it  is  not,  we  shall  be  told,  the  amount  of  the  bounty, 
but  the  principle,  as  our  fathers  revolted  against  a  three- 
penny tax  on  tea.  But  that  was  because  it  was  laid  by 
a  Parliament  in  which  the  Colonies  were  not  represented, 
and  which  yet  claimed  the  right  to  bind  them  in  all  cases. 
The  Fishing  Bounty  is  bestowed  by  a  Government  which 
has  been  from  the  first  controlled  by  the  South.  Then 
how  unreasonable  to  expect  or  to  wish,  that,  in  a  country 
so  vast  as  ours,  no  public  expenditure  should  be  made 
for  the  immediate  benefit  of  one  part  or  one  interest  that 
cannot  be  identically  repeated  in  every  other.  A  liberal 
policy,  or  rather  the  necessity  of  the  case,  demands,  that 
what  the  public  good,  upon  the  whole,  requires,  should 
under  constitutional  limitations  be  done  where  it  is  required, 
offsetting  the  local  benefit  which  may  accrue  from  the  ex- 
penditure made  in  one  place  and  for  one  object,  with  the 
local  benefit  from  the  same  source,  in  some  other  place 
for  some  other  object.  More  money  was  expended  by  the 
United  States  in  removing  the  Indians  from  Georgia,  eight 
or  ten  times  as  much  was  expended  for  the  same  object 
in  Florida,  as  has  been  paid  for  Fishing  Bounties  in  seventy 
years.  For  the  last  year,  to  pay  for  the  expense  of  the 
post-office  in  the    seceding    States,   and  enable  our  fellow- 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  379 

citizens  there  to  enjoy  the  comforts  of  a  newspaper  and  letter 
mail  to  the  same  extent  as  they  are  enjoyed  in  the  other 
States,  three  millions  of  dollars  were  paid  from  the  common 
Treasury.  The  post-office  bounty  paid  to  the  seceding 
States  exceeded  seventeen-fold  the  annual  average  amount 
of  the  Fishing  Bounty  paid  to  the  North.  In  four  years  that 
excess  would  equal  the  sum  total  of  the  amount  paid  since 
1792  in  bounties  to  the  deep-sea  fishery !  This  circumstance 
probably  explains  the  fact,  that  the  pride  of  the  Southern 
Confederacy  was  not  alarmed  at  having  the  mails  still  con- 
veyed by  the  United  States,  three  or  four  mouths  after 
the  forts  had  been  seized,  the  arsenals  emptied,  and  the 
mints  plundered. 

The  second  of  the  grievances  under  which  the  South  is 
laboring,  and  which,  according  to  Mr.  Stephens,  was  on 
the  occasion  alluded  to  pleaded  by  the  Secretary  of  State 
of  the  new  Confederacy  as  a  ground  for  dissolving  the 
Union,  is  the  Navigation  Laws,  which  give  to  American 
vessels  the  exclusive  enjoyment  of  our  own  coasting  trade. 
This  also  is  a  policy  coeval  with  the  Government  of  the 
United  States,  and  universally  adopted  by  maritime  powers, 
though  relaxed  by  England  within  the  last  few  years.  Like 
the  fishing  bounty,  it  is  a  policy  adopted  for  the  purpose 
of  fostering  the  commercial  and  with  that  the  naval  marine 
of  the  United  States.  All  administrations  of  all  parties  have 
favored  it;  under  its  influence  our  commercial  tonnage  has 
grown  up  to  be  second  to  no  other  in  the  world,  and  our 
navy  has  proved  itself  adequate  to  all  the  exigencies  of  peace 
and  war.  And  are  these  no  objects  in  a  national  point 
of  view?  Are  the  seceding  politicians  really  insensible  to 
interests  of  such  paramount  national  importance?  Can 
they,  for  the  sake  of  an  imaginary  infinitesimal  reduction 
of  coastwise  freights,  be  willing  to  run  even  the  risk  of 
impairing  our  naval  prosperity  ?  Are  they  insensible  to  the 
fact  that  nothing  but  the  growth  of  the  American  commercial 
marine  protects  the  entire  freighting  interest  of  the  country, 
in  which  the  South  is  more  deeply  interested  than  the  North, 
from    European    monopoly?       The    South    did   not    always 


380  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

take  so  narrow  a  view  of  the  subject.  "When  the  Constitu- 
tion was  framed,  and  the  American  merchant  marine  was 
inconsiderable,  the  discrimination  in  favor  of  United  States 
vessels,  which  then  extended  to  the  foreign  trade,  was  an 
object  of  some  apprehension  on  the  part  of  the  planting 
States.  But  there  were  statesmen  in  the  South  at  that 
day  who  did  not  regard  the  shipping  interest  as  a  local 
concern.  "  So  far,"  said  Mr.  Edward  Rutledge,  in  the  South 
Carolina  Convention  of  1788,  "from  not  preferring  the 
Northern  States  by  a  navigation  act,  it  would  be  politic 
to  increase  their  strength  by  every  means  in  our  power ;  for 
we  had  no  other  resource  in  our  day  of  danger  than  in  the 
naval  force  of  our  Northern  friends,  nor  could  we  ever  expect 
to  become  a  great  nation  till  we  were  powerful  on  the 
waters."*  But  "powerful  on  the  waters"  the  South  can 
never  be.  She  has  live-oak,  naval  stores,  and  gallant  officers ; 
but  her  climate  and  its  diseases,  the  bars  at  the  mouth  of 
nearly  all  her  harbors,  the  Teredo,  the  want  of  a  merchant 
marine  and  of  fisheries,  and  the  character  of  her  laboring 
population,  will  forever  prevent  her  becoming  a  great  naval 
power.  Without  the  protection  of  the  Navy  of  the  United 
States,  of  which  the  strength  centres  at  the  North,  she  would 
hold  the  ingress  and  egress  of  every  port  on  her  coast  at 
the  mercy,  I  will  not  say  of  the  great  maritime  states  of 
Europe,  but  of  Holland,  and  Denmark,  and  Austria,  and 
Spain,  —  of  any  second  or  third-rate  power,  which  can  keep 
a  few  steam  frigates  at  sea. 

It  must  be  confessed,  however,  that  there  is  a  sad  con- 
gruity  between  the  conduct  of  our  seceding  fellow-citizens 
and  the  motives  which  they  assign  for  it.  They  attempt 
a  suicidal  separation  of  themselves  from  a  great  naval  power, 
of  which  they  are  now  an  integral  part,  and  they  put  for- 
ward, as  the  reason  for  this  self-destructive  course,  the  legis- 
lative measures  which  have  contributed  to  the  growth  of 
the  navy.  A  judicious  policy  designed  to  promote  that 
end  has  built  up  the  commercial  and  military  marine  of  the 
Union  to  its  present  commanding  stature  and  power;   the 

*  Elliott's  Debates,  Vol.  IV.  p.  299. 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  381 

South,  though  unable  to  contribute  anything  to  its  prosperity 
but  the  service  of  her  naval  officers,  enjoys  her  full  share 
of  the  honor  which  it  reflects  on  the  country,  and  the  protec- 
tion which  it  extends  to  our  flag,  our  coasts,  and  our  com- 
merce, but  under  the  influence  of  a  narrow-minded  sectional 
jealousy,  she  is  willing  to  abdicate  the  noble  position  which 
she  now  fills  among  the  nations  of  the  earth;  to  depend 
for  her  very  existence  on  the  exigencies  of  the  cotton  market, 
to  live  upon  the  tolerance  of  the  navies  of  Europe,  and 
she  assigns  as  leading  causes  for  this  amazing  fatuity,  that 
the  Northern  fisheries  have  been  encouraged  by  a  trifling 
bounty,  and  that  the  Northern  commercial  marine  has  the 
monopoly  of  the  coastwise  trade.  And  the  politicians,  who, 
for  reasons  like  these,  almost  too  frivolous  to  merit  the  time 
we  have  devoted  to  their  examination,  are  sapping  a  noble 
framework  of  government,  and  drenching  a  fair  and  but 
for  them  prosperous  country  in  blood,  appeal  to  the  public 
opinion  of  mankind  for  the  justice  of  their  cause,  and  the 
purity  of  their  motives,  and  lift  their  eyes  to  Heaven  for 
a  blessing  on  their  arms! 

But  the  tariff  is,  with  one  exception,  the  alleged  monster 
wrong,  —  for  which  South  Carolina  in  1832  drove  the  Union 
to  the  verge  of  a  civil  war,  and  which,  next  to  the  slavery 
question,  the  South  has  been  taught  to  regard  as  the  most 
grievous  of  the  oppressions  which  she  suffers  at  the  hands 
of  the  North,  and  that  by  which  she  seeks  to  win  the  sym- 
pathy of  the  manufacturing  states  of  Europe.  It  was  so 
treated  in  the  debate  referred  to.  I  am  certainly  not  going 
so  far  to  abuse  your  patience,  as  to  enter  into  a  discussion 
of  the  constitutionality  or  expediency  of  the  protective  policy, 
on  which  I  am  aware  that  opinions  at  the  North  differ, 
nor  do  I  deem  it  necessary  to  expose  the  utter  fallacy  of  the 
monstrous  paradox,  that  duties,  enhancing  the  price  of  im- 
ported articles,  are  paid,  not  by  the  consumer  of  the  mer- 
chandise imported,  but  by  the  producer  of  the  last  article 
of  export  given  in  exchange.  It  is  sufficient  to  say  that  for 
this  maxim  (the  forty-bale  theory  so  called),  which  has 
grown  into  an  article  of  faith  at  the  South,  not  the  slightest 


882  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

authority  ever  has  been,  to  my  knowledge,  adduced  from 
any  political  economist  of  any  school.  Indeed,  it  can  be 
shown  to  be  a  shallow  sophism,  inasmuch  as  the  consumer 
must  be,  directly  or  indirectly,  the  producer  of  the  equiva- 
lents given  in  exchange  for  the  article  he  consumes.  But 
without  entering  into  this  discussion,  I  shall  make  a  few 
remarks  to  show  the  great  injustice  of  representing  the 
protective  system  as  being  in  its  origin  an  oppression,  of 
which  the  South  has  to  complain  on  the  part  of  the  North. 
Every  such  suggestion  is  a  complete  inversion  of  the 
truth  of  history.  Some  attempts  at  manufactures  by  ma- 
chinery were  made  at  the  North  before  the  Revolution,  but 
to  an  inconsiderable  extent.  The  manufacturing  system 
as  a  great  Northern  interest  is  the  child  of  the  restrictive 
policy  of  1807-1812,  and  of  the  war.  That  policy  was 
pursued  against  the  earnest  opposition  of  the  North,  and 
to  the  temporary  prostration  of  their  commerce,  navigation, 
and  fisheries.  Their  capital  was  driven  in  this  way  into 
manufactures,  and  on  the  return  of  peace,  the  founda- 
tions of  the  protective  system  were  laid  in  the  square-yard 
duty  on  cotton  fabrics,  in  the  support  of  which  Mr.  Calhoun, 
advised  that  the  growth  of  the  manufacture  would  open 
a  new  market  for  the  staple  of  the  South,  took  the  lead. 
As  late  as  1821  the  Legislature  of  South  Carolina  unani- 
mously affirmed  the  constitutionality  of  protective  duties, 
though  denying  their  expediency,  —  and  of  all  the  States 
of  the  Union  Louisiana  has  derived  the  greatest  benefit  from 
this  policy ;  in  fact,  she  owes  the  sugar  culture  to  it,  and 
has  for  that  reason  given  it  her  steady  support.  In  all  the 
tariff  battles  while  I  was  a  member  of  Congress,  few  votes 
were  surer  for  the  policy  than  that  of  Louisiana.  If  the 
duty  on  an  article  imported  is  considered  as  added  to  its  price 
in  our  market  (which,  however,  is  far  from  being  invariably 
the  case),  the  sugar  duty,  of  late,  has  amounted  to  a  tax 
of  five  millions  of  dollars  annually  paid  by  the  consumer, 
for  the  benefit  of  the   Louisiana  planter. 

As  to  its  being  an  unconstitutional  policy,  it  is  perfectly 
well  known  that  the  protection  of  manufactures  was  a  leading 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  383 

and  avowed  object  for  the  formation  of  the  Constitution. 
The  second  law,  passed  by  Congress  after  its  formation, 
was  a  revenue  law.  Its  preamble  is  as  follows :  "  Whereas 
it  is  necessary  for  the  support  of  Government,  for  the  dis- 
charge of  the  debts  of  the  United  States,  and  the  encourage- 
ment and  protection  of  manufactures,  that  duties  be  laid 
on  goods,  wares,  and  merchandise  imported."  That  act 
was  reported  to  the  House  of  Representatives  by  Mr.  Madi- 
son, who  is  entitled  as  much  as  any  one  to  be  called  the 
father  of  the  Constitution.  While  it  was  pending  before  the 
House,  and  in  the  first  week  of  the  first  session  of  the  first 
Congress,  two  memorials  were  presented  praying  for  pro- 
tective duties;  and  it  is  a  matter  of  some  curiosity  to  in- 
quire, from  what  part  of  the  country  this  first  call  came  for 
that  policy,  now  put  forward  as  one  of  the  acts  of  Northern 
oppression,  which  justify  the  South  in  flying  to  arms.  The 
first  of  these  petitions  was  from  Baltimore.  It  implored 
the  new  Government  to  lay  a  protecting  duty  on  all  ar- 
ticles imported  from  abroad,  which  can  be  manufactured 
at  home.  The  second  was  from  the  shipwrights,  not  of 
New  York,  not  of  Boston,  not  of  Portland,  but  of  Charles- 
ton, South  Carolina,  praying  for  "  such  a  general  regula- 
tion of  trade  and  the  establishment  of  such  a  Navigation 
Act  as  will  relieve  the  particular  distresses  of  the  peti- 
tioners, in  common  with  those  of  their  fellow-shipwrights 
throughout  the  Union ! "  and  if  South  Carolina  had  always 
been  willing  to  make  common  cause  with  their  fellow-citizens 
throughout  the  Union,  it  would  not  now  be  rent  by  civil 
war. 

But  the  history  of  the  great  Southern  staple  is  most 
curious  and  instructive.  His  Majesty  "  King  Cotton,"  on 
his  throne,  does  not  seem  to  be  aware  of  the  influences 
which  surrounded  his  cradle.  The  culture  of  cotton,  on 
any  considerable  scale,  is  well  known  to  be  of  recent  date 
in  America.  The  household  manufacture  of  cotton  was 
coeval  with  the  settlement  of  the  country.  A  century  before 
the  piano-forte  or  the  harp  was  seen  on  this  continent,  the 
music    of  the    spinning-wheel  was    heard    at   every    fireside 


384  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

in  town  and  country.  The  raw  materials  were  wool,  flax, 
and  cotton,  the  last  imported  from  the  West  Indies.  The 
colonial  system  of  Great  Britain  before  the  Revolution  for- 
bade the  establishment  of  any  other  than  household  man- 
ufactures. Soon  after  the  Revolution,  cotton-mills  were 
erected  in  Rhode  Island  and  Massachusetts,  and  the  infant 
manufacture  was  encouraged  by  State  duties  on  the  im- 
ported fabric.  The  raw  material  was  still  derived  exclu- 
sively from  the  West  Indies.  Its  culture  in  this  country  was 
so  extremely  limited  and  so  little  known,  that  a  small  parcel 
sent  from  the  United  States  to  Liverpool  in  1784  was  seized 
at  the  custom-house  there,  as  an  illicit  importation  of  British 
colonial  produce.  Even  as  late  as  1794,  and  by  persons  so 
intelligent  as  the  negotiators  of  Jay's  treaty,  it  was  not  known 
that  cotton  was  an  article  of  growth  and  export  from  the 
United  States.  In  the  twelfth  article  of  that  treaty,  as  laid 
before  the  Senate,  cotton  was  included  with  molasses,  sugar, 
coffee,  and  cocoa,  as  articles  which  American  vessels  should 
not  be  permitted  to  carry  from  the  islands  or  from  the  United 
States  to  any  foreign  country. 

In  the  Revenue  law  of  1789,  as  it  passed  through  the 
House  of  Representatives,  cotton,  with  other  raw  materials, 
was  placed  on  the  free  list.  When  the  bill  reached  the  Sen- 
ate a  duty  of  three  cents  per  pound  was  laid  upon  cotton, 
not  to  encourage,  not  to  protect,  but  to  create  the  domestic 
culture.  On  the  discussion  of  this  amendment  in  the  House, 
a  member  from  South  Carolina  declared  that  "  Cotton  was 
in  contemplation"  in  South  Carolina  and  Georgia,  "and 
if  good  seed  could  be  procured  he  hoped  it  might  succeed." 
On  this  hope  the  amendment  of  the  Senate  was  concurred 
in,  and  the  duty  of  three  cents  per  pound  was  laid  on  cotton. 
In  1791,  Hamilton,  in  his  report  on  the  manufactures,  recom- 
mended the  repeal  of  this  duty,  on  the  ground  that  it  was 
"  a  very  serious  impediment  to  the  manufacture  of  cotton," 
but  his  recommendation  was  disregarded. 

Thus,  in  the  infancy  of  the  cotton  manufacture  of  the 
North,  at  the  moment  when  they  were  deprived  of  the  pro- 
tection extended  to  them  before  the   Constitution  by  State 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  385 

laws,  and  while  they  were  struggling  against  English  compe- 
tition under  the  rapidly  improving  machinery  of  Arkwright, 
which  it  was  highly  penal  to  export  to  foreign  countries,  a 
heavy  burden  was  laid  upon  them  by  this  protecting  duty,  to 
enable  the  planters  of  South  Carolina  and  Georgia  to  explore 
the  tropics  for  a  variety  of  cotton  seed  adapted  to  their  cli- 
mate. For  seven  years  at  least,  and  probably  more,  this  duty 
was  in  every  sense  of  the  word  a  protecting  duty.  There 
was  not  a  pound  of  cotton  spun,  no,  not  for  candle-wicks 
to  light  the  humble  industry  of  the  cottages  of  the  North, 
which  did  not  pay  this  tribute  to  the  Southern  planter.  The 
growth  of  the  native  article,  as  we  have  seen,  had  not  in  1794 
reached  a  point  to  be  known  to  Chief  Justice  Jay  as  one  of 
actual  or  probable  export.  As  late  as  1796,  the  manufac- 
turers of  Brandywine  in  Delaware  petitioned  Congress  for  the 
repeal  of  this  duty  on  imported  cotton,  and  the  petition  was 
rejected  on  the  Report  of  a  Committee,  consisting  of  a  ma- 
jority from  the  Southern  States,  on  the  ground,  that  "to 
repeal  the  duty  on  raw  cotton  imported  would  be  to  damp 
the  growth  of  cotton  in  our  own  country."  Radicle  and 
plumule,  root  and  stalk,  blossom  and  boll,  the  culture  of 
the  cotton  plant  in  the  United  States  was  in  its  infancy  the 
foster-child  of  the  Protective  System. 

When  therefore  the  pedigree  of  King  Cotton  is  traced,  he 
is  found  to  be  the  lineal  child  of  the  tariff;  called  into  being 
by  a  specific  duty ;  reared  by  a  tax  laid  upon  the  manufac- 
turing industry  of  the  North,  to  create  the  culture  of  the  raw 
material  in  the  South.  The  Northern  manufacturers  of 
America  were  slightly  protected  in  1789,  because  they  were 
too  feeble  to  stand  alone.  Reared  into  magnitude  under  the 
restrictive  system  and  the  war  of  1812,  they  were  upheld  in 
1816  because  they  were  too  important  to  be  sacrificed,  and 
because  the  great  staple  of  the  South  had  a  joint  interest  in 
their  prosperity.  King  Cotton  alone,  not  in  his  manhood, 
not  in  his  adolescence,  not  in  his  infancy,  but  in  his  very 
embryo  state,  was  pensioned  upon  the  Treasury,  —  before  the 
seed  from  which  he  sprung  was  cast  "  in  the  lowest  parts  of 
the  earth."      In  the   book  of  the  tariff  "  his  members   were 

vol.  iv.  25 


386  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

written,  which  in  continuance  were  fashioned,  when  as  yet 
there  were  none  of  them." 

But  it  was  not  enough  to  create  the  culture  of  cotton  at 
the  South,  by  taxing  the  manufactures  of  the  North  with  a 
duty  on  the  raw  material;  the  extension  of  that  culture  and 
the  prosperity  which  it  has  conferred  upon  the  South  are  due 
to  the  mechanical  genius  of  the  North.  What  says  Mr.  Jus- 
tice Johnson  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States, 
and  a  citizen  of  South  Carolina  ?  "  With  regard  to  the 
utility  of  this  discovery"  (the  cotton-gin  of  Whitney),  "the 
court  would  deem  it  a  waste  of  time  to  dwell  long  upon  this 
topic.  Is  there  a  man  who  hears  us  that  has  not  experienced 
its  utility  ?  The  whole  interior  of  the  Southern  States  was 
languishing,  and  its  inhabitants  emigrating,  for  want  of  some 
object  to  engage  their  attention  and  employ  their  industry, 
when  the  invention  of  this  machine  at  once  opened  views  to 
them  which  set  the  whole  country  in  active  motion.  From 
childhood  to  age  it  has  presented  us  a  lucrative  employment. 
Individuals  who  were  depressed  in  poverty  and  sunk  in  idle- 
ness have  suddenly  risen  to  wealth  and  respectability.  Our 
debts  have  been  paid  off,  our  capitals  increased,  and  our  lands 
trebled  in  value.  We  cannot  express  the  weight  of  obliga- 
tion which  the  country  owes  to  this  invention  ;  the  extent  of 
it  cannot  now  be  seen."  —  Yes,  and  when  happier  days  shall 
return,  and  the  South,  awakening  from  her  suicidal  delusion, 
shall  remember  who  it  was  that  sowed  her  sunny  fields  with 
the  seeds  of  those  golden  crops  with  which  she  thinks  to  rule 
the  world,  she  will  cast  a  veil  of  oblivion  over  the  memory 
of  the  ambitious  men  who  have  goaded  her  to  her  present 
madness,  and  will  rear  a  monument  of  her  gratitude  in  the 
beautiful  City  of  Elms,  over  the  ashes  of  her  greatest  bene- 
factor, —  Eli  Whitney. 

But  the  great  complaint  of  the  South,  and  that  which  is 
admitted  to  be  the  immediate  occasion  of  the  present  revolt, 
is  the  alleged  interference  of  the  North  in  the  Southern  insti- 
tution of  slavery;  a  subject  on  which  the  sensibilities  of  the 
two  sections  have  been  so  deeply  and  fearfully  stirred,  that  it 
is  nearly  impossible  to  speak  words  of  impartial  truth.     As  I 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  387 

have  already  stated,  the  declaration  of  South  Carolina,  of  the 
causes  which  prompted  her  to  secede  from  the  Union,  alleged 
no  other  reason  for  this  movement  than  the  enactment  of 
laws  to  obstruct  the  surrender  of  fugitive  slaves.  The  dec- 
laration does  not  state  that  South  Carolina  ever  lost  a  slave 
by  the  operation  of  these  laws,  and  it  is  doubtful  whether  a 
dozen  from  all  the  States  have  been  lost  from  this  cause.  A 
gross  error  on  this  subject  pervades  the  popular  mind  at  the 
South.  Some  hundreds  of  slaves  in  the  aggregate  escape 
annually ;  some  to  the  recesses  of  the  Dismal  Swamp ;  some 
to  the  everglades  of  Florida ;  some  to  the  trackless  mountain 
region,  which  traverses  the  South ;  some  to  the  Mexican 
States  and  the  Indian  tribes ;  some  across  the  free  States  to 
Canada.  The  popular  feeling  of  the  South  ascribes  the  en- 
tire loss  to  the  laws  of  the  free  States,  while  it  is  doubtful 
whether  these  laws  cause  any  portion  of  it.  The  public  sen- 
timent of  the  North  is  not  such,  of  course,  as  to  dispose  the 
community  to  obstruct  the  escape  or  aid  in  the  surrender  of 
slaves.  Neither  is  it  at  the  South.  No  one,  I  am  told,  at 
the  South,  not  called  upon  by  official  duty,  joins  in  the  hue 
and  cry  after  a  fugitive  ;  and  whenever  he  escapes  from  any 
States  south  of  the  border  tier,  it  is  evident  that  his  flight 
must  have  been  aided  in  a  community  of  slaveholders.  If 
the  North  Carolina  fugitive  escapes  through  Virginia,  or  the 
Tennessee  fugitive  escapes  through  Kentucky,  why  are  Penn- 
sylvania and  Ohio  alone  blamed  ?  On  this  whole  subject  the 
grossest  injustice  is  done  to  the  North.  She  is  expected  to  be 
more  tolerant  of  slavery  than  the  South  herself;  for  while 
the  South  demands  of  the  North  entire  acquiescence  in  the 
extremest  doctrines  of  slave  property,  it  is  a  well-known  fact, 
and  as  such  alluded  to  by  Mr.  Clay  in  his  speech  on  the  com- 
promises of  1850,  that  any  man  who  habitually  traffics  in  this 
property  is  held  in  the  same  infamy  at  Richmond  and  New 
Orleans  that  he  would  be  at  Philadelphia  or  Cincinnati.* 

While  South  Carolina,  assigning  the  cause  of  secession, 
confines  herself  to  the  State  laws  for  obstructing  the  surren- 
der of  fugitives,  in  other  quarters,  by  the  press,  in  the  mani- 

*  See  Appendix  C. 


388  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

festoes  and  debates  on  the  subject  of  secession,  and  in  the 
official  papers  of  the  new  Confederacy,  the  general  conduct 
of  the  North,  with  respect  to  Slavery,  is  put  forward  as  the 
justifying,  nay,  the  compelling  cause  of  the  revolution.  This 
subject,  still  more  than  that  of  the  tariff,  is  too  trite  for  dis- 
cussion, with  the  hope  of  saying  anything  new  on  the  gen- 
eral question.  I  will  but  submit  a  few  considerations  to 
show  the  great  injustice  which  is  done  to  the  North,  by  rep- 
resenting her  as  the  aggressor  in  this  sectional  warfare. 

The  Southern  theory  assumes  that,  at  the  time  of  the 
adoption  of  the  Constitution,  the  same  antagonism  prevailed 
as  now  between  the  North  and  South,  on  the  general  subject 
of  Slavery;  that,  although  it  existed  to  some  extent  in  all 
the  States  but  one  of  the  Union,  it  was  a  feeble  and  declin- 
ing interest  at  the  North,  and  mainly  seated  at  the  South ; 
that  the  soil  and  climate  of  the  North  were  soon  found  to  be 
unpropitious  to  slave  labor,  while  the  reverse  was  the  case  at 
the  South  ;  that  the  Northern  States,  in  consequence,  having, 
from  interested  motives,  abolished  Slavery,  sold  their  slaves 
to  the  South,  and  that  then,  although  the  existence  of 
Slavery  was  recognized,  and  its  protection  guaranteed  by  the 
Constitution,  as  soon  as  the  Northern  States  had  acquired  a 
controlling  voice  in  Congress,  a  persistent  and  organized 
system  of  hostile  measures,  against  the  rights  of  the  owners 
of  slaves  in  the  Southern  States,  was  inaugurated  and  grad- 
ually extended,  in  violation  of  the  compromises  of  the  Con- 
stitution, as  well  as  of  the  honor  and  good  faith  tacitly 
pledged  to  the  South,  by  the  manner  in  which  the  North  dis- 
posed of  her  slaves. 

Such,  in  substance,  is  the  statement  of  Mr.  Davis  in  his  late 
message;  and  he  then  proceeds,  seemingly  as  if  rehearsing 
the  acts  of  this  Northern  majority  in  Congress,  to  refer  to  the 
anti-slavery  measures  of  the  State  Legislatures,  to  the  res- 
olutions of  abolition  societies,  to  the  passionate  appeals  of  the 
party  press,  and  to  the  acts  of  lawless  individuals,  during  the 
progress  of  this  unhappy  agitation. 

Now,  this  entire  view  of  the  subject,  with  whatever  bold- 
ness  it  is   affirmed,  and  with  whatever  persistency  it  is  re- 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  389 

peated,  is  destitute  of  foundation.  It  is  demonstrably  at 
war  with  the  truth  of  history,  and  is  contradicted  by  facts 
known  to  those  now  on  the  stage,  or  which  are  matters  of 
recent  record.  At  the  time  of  the  adoption  of  the  Constitu- 
tion, and  long  afterwards,  there  was,  generally  speaking,  no 
sectional  difference  of  opinion  between  North  and  South,  on 
the  subject  of  Slavery.  It  was  in  both  parts  of  the  country 
regarded,  in  the  established  formula  of  the  day,  as  "  a  social, 
political,  and  moral  evil."  The  general  feeling  in  favor  of  uni- 
versal liberty  and  the  rights  of  man,  wrought  into  fervor  in  the 
progress  of  the  Revolution,  naturally  strengthened  the  anti- 
slavery  sentiment  throughout  the  Union.  It  is  the  South 
which  has  since  changed,  not  the  North.  The  theory  of  a 
change  in  the  Northern  mind,  growing  out  of  a  discovery 
made  soon  after  1789,  that  our  soil  and  climate  were  unpro- 
pitious  to  Slavery  (as  if  the  soil  and  climate  then  were 
different  from  what  they  had  always  been),  and  a  consequent 
sale  to  the  South  of  the  slaves  of  the  North,  is  purely  myth- 
ical, —  as  groundless  in  fact  as  it  is  absurd  in  statement.  I 
have  often  asked  for  the  evidence  of  this  last  allegation,  and 
I  have  never  found  an  individual  who  attempted  even  to 
prove  it.  But  however  this  may  be,  the-  South  at  that  time 
regarded  Slavery  as  an  evil,  though  a  necessary  one,  and 
habitually  spoke  of  it  in  that  light.  Its  continued  existence 
was  supposed  to  depend  on  keeping  up  the  African  slave- 
trade  ;  and  South  as  well  as  North,  Virginia  as  well  as  Mas- 
sachusetts, passed  laws  to  prohibit  that  traffic ;  they  were, 
however,  before  the  Revolution,  vetoed  by  the  Royal  Gov- 
ernors. One  of  the  first  acts  of  the  Continental  Congress, 
unanimously  subscribed  by  its  members,  was  an  agreement 
neither  to  import  nor  purchase  any  slave  imported  after  the  1st 
of  December,  1774.  In  the  Declaration  of  Independence,  as 
originally  drafted  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  both  Slavery  and  the  slave- 
trade  were  denounced  in  the  most  uncompromising  language. 
In  1777  the  traffic  was  forbidden  in  Virginia,  by  State  law, 
no  longer  subject  to  the  veto  of  Royal  Governors.  In  1784, 
an  ordinance  was  reported  by  Mr.  Jefferson  to  the  old  Con- 
gress, providing  that  after  1800  there  should  be  no  Slavery  in 


390  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

any  Territory,  ceded  or  to  be  ceded  to  the  United  States. 
The  ordinance  failed  at  that  time  to  be  enacted,  but  the  same 
prohibition  formed  a  part  by  general  consent  of  the  ordi- 
nance of  1787,  for  the  organization  of  the  Northwestern  Ter- 
ritory. In  his  Notes  on  Virginia,  published  in  that  year, 
Mr.  Jefferson  depicted  the  evils  of  Slavery  in  terms  of  fearful 
import.  In  the  same  year  the  Constitution  was  framed.  It 
recognized  the  existence  of  Slavery,  but  the  word  was  care- 
fully excluded  from  the  instrument,  and  Congress  was  author- 
ized to  abolish  the  traffic  in  twenty  years.  In  1796,  Mr.  St. 
George  Tucker,  law  professor  in  William  and  Mary  College 
in  Virginia,  published  a  treatise  entitled  "  A  Dissertation  on 
Slavery,  with  a  Proposal  for  the  gradual  Abolition  of  it  in 
the  State  of  Virginia."  In  the  preface  to  the  essay,  he 
speaks  of  the  "  abolition  of  Slavery  in  this  State  as  an 
object  of  the  first  importance,  not  only  to  our  moral  character 
and  domestic  peace,  but  even  to  our  political  salvation."  In 
1797,  Mr.  Pinkney,  in  the  Legislature  of  Maryland,  main- 
tained that,  "by  the  eternal  principles  of  justice,  no  man  in 
the  State  has  the  right  to  hold  his  slave  a  single  hour."  In 
1803,  Mr.  John  Randolph,  from  a  committee  on  the  subject, 
reported  that  the  prohibition  of  Slavery  by  the  ordinance  of 
1787  was  "  a  measure  wisely  calculated  to  promote  the  hap- 
piness and  prosperity  of  the  Northwestern  States,  and  to 
give  strength  and  security  to  that  extensive  frontier."  Under 
Mr.  Jefferson,  the  importation  of  slaves  into  the  Territories 
of  Mississippi  and  Louisiana  was  prohibited  in  advance  of 
the  time  limited  by  the  Constitution  for  the  interdiction  of 
the  slave-trade.  When  the  Missouri  restriction  was  enacted, 
all  the  members  of  Mr.  Monroe's  Cabinet  — Mr.  Crawford 
of  Georgia,  Mr.  Calhoun  of  South  Carolina,  and  Mr.  Wirt 
of  Virginia  —  concurred  with  Mr.  Monroe  in  affirming  its 
constitutionality.  In  1832,  after  the  Southampton  massacre, 
the  evils  of  Slavery  were  exposed  in  the  Legislature  of  Vir- 
ginia, and  the  expediency  of  its  gradual  abolition  maintained, 
in  terms  as  decided  as  were  ever  employed  by  the  most  un- 
compromising agitator.  A  bill  for  that  object  was  introduced 
into   the   Assembly  by  the  grandson  of    Mr.  Jefferson,  and 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  391 

warmly  supported  by  distinguished  politicians  now  on  the 
stage.  Nay,  we  have  the  recent  admission  of  the  Vice-Pres- 
ident of  the  seceding  Confederacy,  that  what  he  calls  "  the 
errors  of  the  past  generation,"  meaning  the  anti-slavery  sen- 
timents entertained  by  Southern  statesmen,  "still  clung  to 
many  as  late  as  twenty  years  ago." 

To  this  hasty  review  of  Southern  opinions  and  measures, 
showing  their  accordance  till  a  late  date  with  Northern  senti- 
ment on  the  subject  of  Slavery,  I  might  add  the  testimony  of 
Washington,  of  Patrick  Henry,  of  George  Mason,  of  Wythe, 
of  Pendleton,  of  Marshall,  of  Lowndes,  of  Poinsett,  of  Clay, 
and  of  nearly  every  first-class  name  in  the  Southern  States. 
Nay,  as  late  as  1849,  and  after  the  Union  had  been  shaken  by 
the  agitations  incident  to  the  accmisition  of  Mexican  territory, 
the  Convention  of  California,  although  nearly  one  half  of  its 
members  were  from  the  slaveholding  States,  unanimously 
adopted  a  Constitution,  by  which  slavery  was  prohibited  in 
that  State.  In  fact,  it  is  now  triumphantly  proclaimed  by 
the  chiefs  of  the  revolt,  that  the  ideas  prevailing  on  this  sub- 
ject when  the  Constitution  was  adopted  were  fundamentally 
wrong ;  that  the  new  Government  of  the  Confederate  States 
"rests  upon  exactly  the  opposite  ideas;  that  its  foundations 
are  laid  and  its  corner-stone  reposes  upon  the  great  truth,  that 
the  negro  is  not  equal  to  the  white  man ;  that  Slavery  — 
subordination  to  the  superior  race  —  is  his  natural  and  nor- 
mal condition.  This  our  new  Government  is  the  first  in  the 
history  of  the  world  based  upon  this  physical,  philosophical, 
and  moral  truth."  So  little,  foundation  is  there  for  the  state- 
ment, that  the  North,  from  the  first,  has  been  engaged  in  a 
struggle  with  the  South  on  the  subject  of  Slavery,  or  has 
departed  in  any  degree  from  the  spirit  with  which  the  Union 
was  entered  into  by  both  parties.  The  fact  is  precisely  the 
reverse. 

Mr.  Davis,  in  his  message  to  the  Confederate  States,  goes 
over  a  long  list  of  measures,  which  he  declares  to  have  been 
inaugurated,  and  gradually  extended,  as  soon  as  the  North- 
ern States  had  reached  a  sufficient  number  to  give  their  rep- 
resentatives a  controlling  voice  in  Congress.     But  of  all  these 


392  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

measures,  not  one  is  a  matter  of  Congressional  legislation, 
nor  has  Congress,  with  this  alleged  controlling  voice  on  the 
part  of  the  North,  ever  either  passed  a  law  hostile  to  the  in- 
terests of  the  South,  on  the  subject  of  Slavery,  nor  failed  to 
pass  one  which  the  South  has  claimed  as  belonging  to  her 
rights  or  needed  for  her  safety.  In  truth,  the  North,  meaning 
thereby  the  anti-slavery  North,  never  has  had  the  control  of 
both  Houses  of  Congress,  never  of  the  Judiciary,  rarely 
of  the  Executive,  and  never  exerted  there  to  the  prejudice  of 
Southern  rights.  Every  judicial  or  legislative  issue  on  this 
question,  with  the  single  exception  of  the  final  admission  of 
Kansas,  that  has  ever  been  raised  before  Congress,  has  been 
decided  in  favor  of  the  South ;  and  yet  she  allows  herself  to 
allege  "  a  persistent  and  organized  system  of  hostile  measures 
against  the  rights  of  the  owners  of  slaves,"  as  the  justifica- 
tion of  her  rebellion. 

The  hostile  measures  alluded  to  are,  as  I  have  said,  none 
of  them  matters  of  Congressional  legislation.  Some  of 
them  are  purely  imaginary  as  to  any  injurious  effect,  others 
much  exaggerated,  others  unavoidably  incident  to  freedom 
of  speech  and  the  press.  You  are  aware,  my  friends,  that  I 
have  always  disapproved  the  agitation  of  the  subject  of 
Slavery  for  party  purposes,  or  with  a  view  to  infringe  upon 
the  constitutional  rights  of  the  South.  But  if  the  North  has 
given  cause  of  complaint  in  this  respect,  the  fault  has  been 
equally  committed  by  the  South.  The  subject  has  been 
fully  as  much  abused  there  as  here  for  party  purposes ;  and 
if  the  North  has  ever  made  it  the  means  of  gaining  a  sectional 
triumph,  she  has  but  done  what  the  South,  for  the  last 
twenty-five  years,  has  never  missed  an  occasion  of  doing. 
With  respect  to  everything  substantial  in  the  complaints  of 
the  South  against  the  North,  Congress  and  the  States  have 
afforded  or  tendered  all  reasonable,  all  possible  satisfaction. 
She  asked  for  a  more  stringent  fugitive  slave  law  in  1850, 
and  it  was  enacted.  She  complained  of  the  Missouri  Com- 
promise, although  adopted  in  conformity  with  all  the  traditions 
of  the  Government,  and  approved  by  the  most  judicious 
Southern  statesmen;  and  after  thirty-four  years'  acquiescence 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  393 

on  the  part  of  the  people,  Congress  repealed  it.  She  wished 
for  a  judicial  decision  of  the  territorial  question  in  her  favor, 
and  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States,  in  contraven- 
tion of  the  whole  current  of  our  legislation,  so  decided  it. 
She  insisted  on  carrying  this  decision  into  effect,  and  three  new 
Territories,  at  the  very  last  session  of  Congress,  were  organ- 
ized in  conformity  to  it,  as  Utah  and  New  Mexico  had  been 
before  it  was  rendered.  She  demanded  a  guarantee  against 
amendments  of  the  Constitution  adverse  to  her  interests,  and 
it  was  given  by  the  requisite  majority  of  the  two  Houses. 
She  required  the  repeal  of  the  State  laws  obstructing  the  sur- 
render of  fugitive  slaves,  and  although  she  had  taken  the 
extreme  remedy  of  revolt  into  her  hands,  they  were  repealed 
or  modified.  Nothing  satisfied  her,  because  there  was  an 
active  party  in  the  cotton-growing  States,  led  by  ambitious 
men  determined  on  disunion,  who  were  resolved  not  to  be 
satisfied.  In  one  instance  alone  the  South  has  suffered 
defeat.  The  North,  for  the  first  time  since  the  foundation  of 
the  Government,  has  chosen  a  President  by  her  unaided  elec- 
toral vote ;  and  that  is  the  occasion  of  the  present  unnatural 
war.  (Loud  cheering.)  I  cannot  appropriate  to  myself  any 
portion  of  those  cheers,  for,  as  you  know,  I  did  not  contribute, 
by  my  vote,  to  that  result ;  but  I  did  enlist  under  the  Banner 
of  "  the  Union,  the  Constitution,  and  the  enforcement  of  the 
laws."  Under  that  Banner  I  mean  to  stand,  and  with  it,  if 
it  is  struck  down,  I  am  willing  to  fall.  Even  for  this  result 
the  South  has  no  one  to  blame  but  herself.  Her  disunionists 
would  give  their  votes  for  no  candidate  but  the  one  selected 
by  leaders  who  avowed  the  purpose  of  effecting  a  revolution 
of  the  cotton  States,  and  who  brought  about  a  schism  in  the 
Democratic  party  directly  calculated,  probably  designed,  to 
produce  the  event  which  actually  took  place,  with  all  its 
dread  consequences. 

I  trust  I  have  shown  the  flagrant  injustice  of  this  whole 
attempt  to  fasten  upon  the  North  the  charge  of  wielding  the 
powers  of  the  Federal  Government  to  the  prejudice  of  the 
South.  But  there  is  one  great  fact  connected  with  this  sub- 
ject, seldom  prominently  brought  forward,  which  ought  for- 


894  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

ever  to  close  the  lips  of  the  South,  in  this  warfare  of  sectional 
reproach.  Under  the  old  Confederation,  the  Congress  con- 
sisted of  but  one  House,  and  each  State,  large  and  small,  had 
but  a  single  vote,  and  consequently  an  equal  share  in  the 
Government,  if  Government  it  could  be  called,  of  the  Union. 
This  manifest  injustice  was  barely  tolerable  in  a  state  of  war, 
when  the  imminence  of  the  public  danger  tended  to  produce 
unanimity  of  feeling  and  action.  When  the  country  was 
relieved  from  the  pressure  of  the  war,  and  discordant  interests 
more  and  more  disclosed  themselves,  the  equality  of  the 
States  became  a  positive  element  of  discontent,  and  contrib- 
uted its  full  share  to  the  downfall  of  that  short-lived  and  ill- 
compacted  frame  of  Government. 

Accordingly,  when  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States 
was  formed,  the  great  object  and  the  main  difficulty  was  to 
reconcile  the  equality  of  the  States  (which  gave  to  Rhode 
Island  and  Delaware  equal  weight  with  Virginia  and  Massa- 
chusetts), with  a  proportionate  representation  of  the  people. 
Each  of  these  principles  was  of  vital  importance;  the  first 
being  demanded  by  the  small  States,  as  due  to  their  equal 
independence,  and  the  last  being  demanded  by  the  large 
States,  in  virtue  of  the  fact  that  the  Constitution  was  the 
work  and  the  Government  of  the  people,  and  in  conformity 
with  the  great  law  in  which  the  Revolution  had  its  origin, 
that  representation  and  taxation  should  go  hand  in  hand. 

The  problem  was  solved,  in  the  Federal  Convention,  by  a 
system  of  extremely  refined  arrangements,  of  which  the  chief 
was  that  there  should  be  two  Houses  of  Congress,  that  each 
State  should  have  an  equal  representation  in  the  Senate  (vot- 
ing, however,  not  by  States,  but  per  capita),  and  a  number 
of  representatives  in  the  House  in  proportion  to  its  popula- 
tion. But  here  a  formidable  difficulty  presented  itself,  grow- 
ing out  of  the  anomalous  character  of  the  population  of  the 
slaveholding  States,  consisting,  as  it  did,  of  a  dominant  and 
a  subject  class,  the  latter  excluded  by  local  law  from  the  en- 
joyment of  all  political  rights,  and  regarded  simply  as  prop- 
erty. In  this  state  of  things,  was  it  just  or  equitable  that 
the  slaveholding  States,  in  addition  to  the  number  of  repre- 


THE    QUESTIONS    OP    THE    DAY.  395 

sentatives  to  which  their  free  population  entitled  them,  should 
have  a  further  share  in  the  government  of  the  country,  on 
account  of  the  slaves  held  as  property  by  a  small  portion  of 
the  ruling  class?  While  property  of  every  kind  in  the  non- 
slave  holding  States  was  unrepresented,  was  it  just  that  this 
species  of  property,  forming  a  large  proportion  of  the  entire 
property  of  the  South,  should  be  allowed  to  swell  the  repre- 
sentation of  the  slaveholding  States? 

This  serious  difficulty  was  finally  disposed  of,  in  a  manner 
mutually  satisfactory,  by  providing  that  Representatives  and 
Direct  Taxes  should  be  apportioned  among  the  States  on  the 
same  basis  of  population,  ascertained  by  adding  to  the  whole 
number  of  free  persons  three  fifths  of  the  slaves.  It  was 
expected  at  this  time  that  the  Federal  Treasury  would  be 
mainly  supplied  by  direct  taxation.  While,  therefore,  the 
rule  adopted  gave  to  the  South  a  number  of  representatives 
out  of  proportion  to  the  number  of  her  citizens,  she  would 
be  restrained  from  exercising  this  power  to  the  prejudice  of 
the  North,  by  the  fact  that  any  increase  of  the  public  burdens 
Would  fall  in  the  same  increased  proportion  on  herself.  For 
the  additional  weight  which  the  South  gained  in  the  pres- 
idential election,  by  this  adjustment,  the  North  received  no 
compensation. 

But  now  mark  the  practical  operation  of  the  compromise. 
Direct  taxation,  instead  of  being  the  chief  resource  of  the 
Treasury,  has  been  resorted  to  but  four  times  since  the  foun- 
dation of  the  Government,  and  then  for  small  amounts;  in 
1798  two  millions  of  dollars,  in  1813  three  millions,  in  1815 
six  millions,  in  1816  three  millions  again,  in  all  fourteen 
millions,  the  sum  total  raised  by  direct  taxation  in  seventy- 
two  years,  less  than  an  average  of  200,000  dollars  a  year. 
What  number  of  representatives,  beyond  the  proportion  of 
their  free  population,  the  South  has  elected  in  former  Con- 
gresses I  have  not  computed.  In  the  last  Congress  she 
was  represented  by  twenty  members,  in  behalf  of  her  slaves, 
being  nearly  one  eleventh  part  of  the  entire  House.  As 
the  increasing  ratio  of  the  two  classes  of  population  has 
not  greatly  varied,  it  is   probable   that  the    South,  in   virtue 


396  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

of  her  slaves,  has  always  enjoyed  about  the  same  propor- 
tionate representation  in  the  House,  in  excess  of  that  ac- 
cruing from  her  free  population.  As  it  has  already  hap- 
pened in  our  political  divisions  that  important  measures  have 
been  carried  by  large  majorities,  this  excess  has 'been  quite 
sufficient  to  assure  the  South  a  majority  on  all  sectional  ques- 
tions. It  enabled  her  to  elect  her  candidate  for  the  Presidency 
in  1800,  and  thus  effect  the  great  political  revolution  of  that 
year,  and  is  sufficient  of  itself  to  account  for  that  approach 
to  a  monopoly  of  the  Government  which  she  has  ever  enjoyed. 
Now,  though  the  consideration  for  which  the  North  agreed 
to  this  arrangement  may  be  said  to  have  wholly  failed,  it  has 
nevertheless  been  quietly  acquiesced  in.  I  do  not  mean  that 
in  times  of  high  party  excitement  it  has  never  been  alluded 
to  as  a  hardship.  The  Hartford  Convention  spoke  of  it  as  a 
grievance  which  ought  to  be  remedied ;  but  even  since  our 
political  controversies  have  turned  almost  wholly  on  the  sub- 
ject of  slavery,  I  am  not  aware  that  this  entire  failure  of  the 
equivalent,  for  which  the  North  gave  up  to  the  South  what 
has  secured  to  her,  in  fact,  the  almost  exclusive  control  of  the 
Government  of  the  country,  has  been  a  frequent  or  a  prom- 
inent subject  of  complaint. 

So  much  for  the  pursuit  by  the  North  of  measures  hostile 
to  the  interests  of  the  South ;  so  much  for  the  grievances 
urged  by  the  South  as  her  justification  for  bringing  upon  the 
country  the  crimes  and  sufferings  of  civil  war,  and  aiming  at 
the  prostration  of  a  Government  admitted  by  herself  to  be 
the  most  perfect  the  world  has  seen,  and  under  which  all  her 
own  interests  have  been  eminently  protected  and  favored; 
for  to  complete  the  demonstration  of  the  unreasonableness  of 
her  complaints,  it  is  necessary  only  to  add,  that,  by  the  admis- 
sion of  her  leading  public  men,  there  never  was  a  time  when 
her  "  peculiar  institution  "  was  so  stable  and  prosperous  as 
at  the  present  moment* 

And  now  let  us  rise  from  these  disregarded  appeals  to  the 
truth  of  history  and  the  wretched  subtilties  of  the  Secession 
School  of  Argument,  and  contemplate  the  great  issue  before 
*  See  Appendix  D. 


THE    QUESTIONS     OF    THE    DAY.  397 

us,  in  its  solemn  practical  reality.     "  Why  should  we  not,"  it 
is  asked,  "  admit  the  claims  of  the  seceding  States,  acknowl- 
edge their  independence,  and  put  an  end  at  once  to  the  war?" 
"  Why  should  we  not?"     I  answer  the  question  by  asking 
another.     "  Why  should  we  ?  "     What  have  we  to  gain,  what 
to  hope  from  the  pursuit  of  that  course?     Peace?     But  we 
were  at  peace  before.     Why  are  we  not  at  peace  now  ?     The 
North  has  not  waged  the  war,  it  has  been  forced  upon  us  in 
self-defence;  and  if,  while  they  had  the  Constitution  and  the 
Laws,  the  Executive,  Congress,  and  the  Courts,  all  controlled 
by  themselves,  the   South,  dissatisfied  with  legal  protections 
and  constitutional  remedies,  has  grasped  the  sword,  can  North 
and  South  hope  to  live  in  peace,  when  the  bonds  of  the  Union 
are  broken  and  amicable  means  of  adjustment  are  repudiated  ? 
Peace  is   the  very  last  thing  which   Secession,  if  recognized, 
will   give;  it  will  give  us  nothing  but  a  hollow  truce,  —  time 
to  prepare  the  means  of  new  outrages.     It  is  in  its  very  na- 
ture a  perpetual  cause  of  hostility ;  an  eternal  never-cancelled 
letter  of  marque  and  reprisal,  an  everlasting  proclamation  of 
border-war.     How  can  peace  exist,  when  all  the  causes  of 
dissension    shall   be    indefinitely    multiplied ;    when   unequal 
revenue  laws   shall  have  led  to  a  gigantic  system  of  smug- 
gling; when   a  general  stampede  of  slaves  shall  take  place 
along  the  border,  with  no  thought  of  rendition,  and  all  the 
thousand    causes   of    mutual    irritation    shall   be   called   into 
action,  on  a  frontier  of  1,500   miles  not  marked  by  natural 
boundaries  and  not  subject  to  a  common  jurisdiction  or  a 
mediating  power?     We  did  believe  in  peace,  fondly,  cred- 
ulously, believed  that,  cemented  by  the  mild  umpirage  of  the 
Federal  Union,  it  might  dwell  forever  beneath  the  folds  of 
the  Star- Spangled  Banner,  and  the  sacred  shield  of  a  com- 
mon  Nationality.      That  was  the  great  arcanum  of  policy ; 
that   was    the    State  mystery    into   which   men    and    angels 
desired  to  look ;  hidden  from  ages,  but  revealed  to  us :  — 

"  Which  Kings  and  Prophets  waited  for, 
And  sought  but  never  found  "  : 

a  family  of  States  independent  of  each  other  for  local  con- 
cerns, united  under  one  Government  for  the  management  of 


398  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

common  interests,  and  the  prevention  of  internal  feuds. 
There  was  no  limit  to  the  possible  extension  of  such  a  sys- 
tem. It  had  already  comprehended  half  of  North  America, 
and  it  might,  in  the  course  of  time,  have  folded  the  continent 
in  its  peaceful,  beneficent  embrace.  We  fondly  dreamed 
that,  in  the  lapse  of  ages,  it  would  have  been  extended  till 
half  the  Western  hemisphere  had  realized  the  vision  of  uni- 
versal, perpetual  peace.  From  that  dream  we  have  been 
rudely  startled  by  the  array  of  ten  thousand  armed  men  in 
Charleston  Harbor,  and  the  glare  of  eleven  batteries  bursting 
on  the  torn  sky  of  the  Union,  like  the  comet  which,  at  this 
very  moment,  burns  "  In  the  Arctic  sky,  and  from  his  horrid 
hair  shakes  pestilence  and  war."  These  batteries  rained  their 
storm  of  iron  hail  on  one  poor  siege-worn  company,  because, 
in  obedience  to  lawful  authority,  in  the  performance  of  sworn 
duty,  the  gallant  Anderson  resolved  to  keep  his  oath.  That 
brave  and  faithful  band,  by  remaining  at  their  post,  did  not 
hurt  a  hair  of  the  head  of  a  Carolinian,  bond  or  free.  The 
United  States  proposed,  not  to  reinforce,  but  to  feed  them. 
But  the  Confederate  leaders  would  not  allow  them  even  the 
poor  boon  of  being  starved  into  surrender ;  and  because  some 
laws  had  been  passed  somewhere,  by  which  it  was  alleged 
that  the  return  of  some  slaves  (not  one  from  Carolina)  had 
been  or  might  be  obstructed,  South  Carolina,  disclaiming  the 
protection  of  courts  and  of  Congress,  which  had  never  been 
withheld  from  her,  has  inaugurated  a  ruthless  civil  war.  If, 
for  the  frivolous  reasons  assigned,  the  seceding  States  have 
chosen  to  plunge  into  this  gulf,  while  all  the  peaceful  tem- 
peraments and  constitutional  remedies  of  the  Union  were  with- 
in their  reach,  and  offers  of  further  compromise  and  additional 
guaranties  were  daily  tendered  them,  what  hope,  what  possi- 
bility of  peace  can  there  be,  when  the  Union  is  broken  up, 
when,  in  addition  to  all  other  sources  of  deadly  quarrel,  a 
general  exodus  of  the  slave  population  begins  (as,  beyond  all 
question,  it  will),  and  nothing  but  war  remains  for  the  settle- 
ment of  controversies  ?  The  Vice-President  of  the  new  con- 
federacy states  that  it  rests  on  slavery ;  but  from  its  very 
nature  it  must  rest  equally  on  war ;  eternal  war,  first  between 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  899 

North  and  South,  and  then  between  the  smaller  fragments 
into  which  some  of  the  disintegrated  parts  may  crumble. 
The  work  of  demons  has  already  begun.  Besides  the  hosts 
mustered  for  the  capture  or  destruction  of  Washington,  East- 
ern Virginia  has  let  loose  the  dogs  of  war  on  the  loyal  citi- 
zens of  Western  Virginia ;  they  are  straining  at  the  leash  in 
Maryland  and  Kentucky;  Tennessee  threatens  to  set  a  price 
on  the  head  of  her  noble  Johnson  and  his  friends;  a  civil  war 
rages  in  Missouri.  Why,  in  the  name  of  Heaven,  has  not 
Western  Virginia,  separated  from  Eastern  Virginia  by  moun- 
tain ridges,  by  climate,  by  the  course  of  her  rivers,  by  the 
character  of  her  population,  and  the  nature  of  her  industry, 
why  has  she  not  as  good  a  right  to  stay  in  the  Union  which 
she  inherited  from  her  Washington,  as  Eastern  Virginia  has  to 
abandon  it  for  the  mushroom  Confederacy  forced  upon  her 
from  Montgomery  ?  Are  no  rights  sacred  but  those  of  rebel- 
lion ;  no  oaths  binding  but  those  taken  by  men  already 
foresworn;  are  liberty  of  thought,  and  speech,  and  action 
nowhere  to  be  tolerated  except  on  the  part  of  those  by  whom 
laws  are  trampled  under  foot,  arsenals  and  mints  plundered, 
government  warred  against,  and  where  their  patriotic  de- 
fenders are  assailed  by  ferocious  and  murderous  mobs  ? 

Then  consider  the  monstrous  nature  and  reach  of  the 
pretensions  in  which  we  are  expected  to  acquiesce;  which 
are  nothing  less  than  that  the  United  States  should  allow  a 
Foreign  Power,  by  surprise,  treachery,  and  violence,  to 
possess  itself  of  one  half  of  their  territory  and  all  the  public 
property  and  public  establishments  contained  in  it;  for  if  the 
Southern  Confederacy  is  recognized,  it  becomes  a  Foreign 
Power,  established  along  a  curiously  dove-tailed  frontier  of 
1,500  miles,  commanding  some  of  the  most  important  com- 
mercial and  military  positions  and  lines  of  communication 
for  travel  and  trade  ;  half  the  sea-coast  of  the  Union  ;  the 
navigation  of  our  Mediterranean  Sea  (the  Gulf  of  Mexico, 
one  third  as  large  as  the  Mediterranean  of  Europe),  and, 
above  all,  the  great  arterial  inlet  into  the  heart  of  the  Conti- 
nent, through  which  its  very  life-blood  pours  its  imperial 
tides.     I  say  we  are  coolly  summoned  to  surrender  all  this  to 


400  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

a  Foreign  Power.  Would  we  surrender  it  to  England,  to 
France,  to  Spain  ?  Not  an  inch  of  it ;  why,  then,  to  the 
Southern  Confederacy  ?  Would  any  other  government  on 
earth,  unless  compelled  by  the  direst  necessity,  make  such  a 
surrender?  Does  not  France  keep  an  army  of  100,000  men 
in  Algeria  to  prevent  a  few  wandering  tribes  of  Arabs,  a  re- 
cent conquest,  from  asserting  their  independence  ?  Did  not 
England  strain  her  resources  to  the  utmost  tension  to  prevent 
the  native  kingdoms  of  Central  India  (civilized  states  two 
thousand  years  ago,  and  while  painted  chieftains  ruled  the 
savage  clans  of  -ancient  Britain)  from  re-establishing  their 
sovereignty  ;  and  shall  we  be  expected,  without  a  struggle, 
to  abandon  a  great  integral  part  of  the  United  States  to  a 
Foreign  Power? 

Let  it  be  remembered,  too,  that  in  granting  to  the  seced- 
ing States,  jointly  and  severally,  the  right  to  leave  the 
Union,  we  concede  to  them  the  right  of  resuming,  if  they 
please,  their  former  allegiance  to  England,  France,  and 
Spain.  It  rests  with  them,  with  any  one  of  them,  if  the 
right  of  secession  is  admitted,  again  to  plant  a  European 
Government  side  by  side  with  that  of  the  United  States  on 
the  soil  of  America  ;  and  it  is  by  no  means  the  most  improb- 
able upshot  of  this  ill-starred  rebellion,  if  allowed  to  pros- 
per. Is  this  the  Monroe  doctrine  for  which  the  United 
States  have  been  contending?  The  disunion  press  in  Vir- 
ginia last  year  openly  encouraged  the  idea  of  a  French  Pro- 
tectorate, and  her  Legislature  has,  I  believe,  sold  out  the 
James  River  Canal,  the  darling  enterprise  of  Washington,  to 
a  company  in  France  supposed  to  enjoy  the  countenance  of 
the  Emperor.  The  seceding  patriots  of  South  Carolina  were 
understood  by  the  correspondent  of  the  London  "  Times  "  to 
admit  that  they  would  rather  be  subject  to  a  British  prince 
than  to  the  Government  of  the  United  States.  Whether 
they  desire  it  or  not,  the  moment  the  seceders  lose  the  pro- 
tection of  the  United  States,  they  hold  their  independence  at 
the  mercy  of  the  powerful  governments  of  Europe.  If  the 
navy  of  the  North  should  withdraw  its  protection,  there  is 
not  a   Southern   State  on  the  Atlantic  or  the   Gulf  which 


THE    QUESTIONS     OF    THE    DAY.  401 

might  not  be  re-colonized  by  Europe,  in  six  months  after  the 
outbreak  of  a  foreign  war. 

Then  look  at  the  case  for  a  moment  in  reference  to  the 
cost  of  the  acquisitions  of  territory  made  on  this  side  of  the 
continent  within  the  present  century,  —  Florida,  Louisiana, 
Texas,  and  the  entire  coast  of  Alabama  and  Mississippi ; 
vast  regions  acquired  from  France,  Spain,  and  Mexico, 
within  sixty  years.  Louisiana  cost  $  15,000,000  when  our 
population  was  5,000,000,  representing  of  course  a  burden 
of  8  90,000,000  at  the  present  day.  Florida  cost  $  5,000,000 
in  1820,  when  our  population  was  less  than  10,000,000, 
equal  to  8  15,000,000  at  the  present  day,  besides  the  ex- 
penses of  General  Jackson's  war  in  1818,  and  the  Florida 
war  of  1840,  in  which  some  $  80,000,000  were  thrown 
away,  for  the  purpose  of  driving  out  a  handful  of  starving 
Seminoles  from  the  Everglades.  Texas  cost  8  200,000,000 
expended  in  the  Mexican  war,  in  addition  to  the  lives 
of  thousands  of  brave  men ;  besides  $  10,000,000  paid  to 
her  in  1850,  for  ceding  a  tract  of  land  which  was  not 
hers  to  New  Mexico.  A  great  part  of  the  expense  of  the 
military  establishment  of  the  United  States  has  been  in- 
curred in  defending  the  Southwestern  frontier.  The  troops 
meanly  surprised  and  betrayed  in  Texas  were  sent  there  to 
protect  her  defenceless  border  settlements  from  the  toma- 
hawk and  scalping-knife.  If  to  all  this  expenditure  we  add 
that  of  the  forts,  the  navy-yards,  the  court-houses,  the  cus- 
tom-houses, and  the  other  public  buildings  in  these  regions, 
500,000,000  dollars  of  the  public  funds,  of  which  at  least 
five  sixths  have  been  levied  by  indirect  taxation  from  the 
North  and  Northwest,  have  been  expended  in  and  for  the 
Gulf  States  in  this  century.  Would  England,  would  France, 
would  any  government  on  the  face  of  the  earth  surrender, 
without  a  death-struggle,  such  a  dear-bought  territory  ? 

But  of  this  I  make  no  account;  the  dollars  are  spent;  let 
them  go.  But  look  at  the  subject  for  a  moment  in  its  rela- 
tions to  the  safety,  to  the  prosperity,  and  the  growth  of  the 
country.  The  Missouri  and  the  Mississippi  Rivers,  with 
their  hundred  tributaries,  give  to  the  great  central  basin  of 

vol.  iv.  26 


402  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

our  continent  its  character  and  destiny.  The  outlet  of  this 
mighty  system  lies  between  the  States  of  Tennessee  and 
Missouri,  of  Mississippi  and  Arkansas,  and  through  the  State 
of  Louisiana.  The  ancient  province  so  called,  the  proudest 
monument  of  the  mighty  monarch  whose  name  it  bears, 
passed  from  the  jurisdiction  of  France  to  that  of  Spain  in 
1763.  Spain  coveted  it,  not  that  she  might  fill  it  with  pros- 
perous colonies  and  rising  States,  but  that  it  might  stretch  as 
a  broad  waste  barrier,  infested  with  warlike  tribes,  between 
the  Anglo-American  power  and  the  silver-mines  of  Mexico. 
With  the  independence  of  the  United  States  the  fear  of  a 
still  more  dangerous  neighbor  grew  upon  Spain,  and  in  the 
insane  expectation  of  checking  the  progress  of  the  Union 
westward,  she  threatened,  and  at  times  attempted,  to  close 
the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi,  on  the  rapidly  increasing  trade 
of  the  West,  The  bare  suggestion  of  such  a  policy  roused 
the  population  upon  the  banks  of  the  Ohio,  then  inconsider- 
able, as  one  man.  Their  confidence  in  Washington  scarcely 
restrained  them  from  rushing  to  the  seizure  of  New  Orleans, 
when  the  treaty  of  San  Lorenzo  el  Real  in  1795  stipulated 
for  them  a  precarious  right  of  navigating  the  noble  river  to 
the  sea,  with  a  right  of  deposit  at  New  Orleans.  This  sub- 
ject was  for  years  the  turning-point  of  the  politics  of  the 
West,  and  it  was  perfectly  well  understood,  that,  sooner  or 
later,  she  would  be  content  with  nothing  less  than  the  sover- 
eign control  of  the  mighty  stream  from  its  head  spring  to  its 
outlet  in  the  Gulf ;  and  that  is  as  true  now  as  it  was  then. 

So  stood  affairs  at  the  close  of  the  last  century,  when  the 
colossal  power  of  the  first  Napoleon  burst  upon  the  world. 
In  the  vast  recesses  of  his  Titanic  ambition,  he  cherished  as 
a  leading  object  of  his  policy,  to  acquire  for  France  a  colo- 
nial empire  which  should  balance  that  of  England.  In  pur- 
suit of  this  policy,  he  fixed  his  eye  on  the  ancient  regal  col- 
onv  which  Louis  XIV.  had  founded  in  the  heart  of  North 
America,  and  he  tempted  Spain  by  the  paltry  bribe  of  creat- 
ing a  kingdom  of  Etruria  for  a  Bourbon  prince,  to  give  back 
to  France  the  then  boundless  waste  of  the  territory  of  Louis- 
iana.    The  cession  was  made  by  the  secret  treaty  of  San 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  403 

Ildefonso  of  the  1st  of  October,  1800  (of  which  one  sen- 
tence only  has  ever  been  published,  but  that  sentence  gave 
away  half  a  continent),  and  the  youthful  conqueror  concen- 
trated all  the  resources  of  his  mighty  genius  on  the  accom- 
plishment of  the  vast  project.  If  successful,  it  would  have 
established  the  French  power  on  the  mouth  and  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Mississippi,  and  would  have  opposed  the  most 
formidable  barrier  to  the  expansion  of  the  United  States. 
The  peace  of  Amiens,  at  this  juncture,  relieved  Napoleon 
from  the  pressure  of  the  war  with  England,  and  everything 
seemed  propitious  to  the  success  of  the  great  enterprise. 
The  fate  of  America  trembled  for  a  moment  in  a  doubtful 
balance,  and  five  hundred  thousand  citizens  in  that  region 
felt  the  danger,  and  sounded  the  alarm.* 

But  in  another  moment  the  aspect  of  affairs  was  changed, 
by  a  stroke  of  policy,  grand,  unexpected,  and  fruitful  of  con- 
sequences, perhaps  without  a  parallel  in  history.  The  short- 
lived truce  of  Amiens  was  about  to  end,  the  renewal  of  war 
was  inevitable.  Napoleon  saw  that  before  he  could  take  pos- 
session of  Louisiana  it  would  be  wrested  from  him  by  England, 
who  commanded  the  seas,  and  he  determined  at  once,  not 
merely  to  deprive  her  of  this  magnificent  conquest,  but  to 
contribute  as  far  as  in  him  lay  to  build  up  a  great  rival 
maritime  power  in  the  West.  The  Government  of  the 
United  States,  not  less  sagacious,  seized  the  golden  moment, 
—  a  moment  such  as  does  not  happen  twice  in  a  thousand 
years.  Mr.  Jefferson  perceived  that,  unless  acquired  by  the 
United  States,  Louisiana  would  in  a  short  time  belong  to 
France  or  to  England,  and  with  equal  wisdom  and  courage 
he  determined  that  it  should  belong  to  neither.  True,  he 
held  the  acquisition  to  be  unconstitutional,  but  he  threw  to  the 
winds  the  resolutions  of  1798,  which  had  just  brought  him  into 
power ;  he  broke  the  Constitution  and  he  gained  an  Empire. 
Mr.  Monroe  was  sent  to  France  to  conduct  the  negotiation, 
in  conjunction  with  Chancellor  Livingston,  the  resident  Min- 

*  Speech  of  Mr.  Ross  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  14th  February, 
1803. 


404  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

ister,  contemplating,  however,  at  that  time  only  the  acquisi- 
tion of  New  Orleans  and  the  adjacent  territory. 

But  they  were  dealing  with  a  man  that  did  nothing  by 
halves.  Napoleon  knew,  and  we  know,  that  to  give  up  the 
mouth  of  the  river  was  to  give  up  its  course.  On  Easter 
Sunday  of  1803  he  amazed  his  Council  with  the  announce- 
ment, that  he  had  determined  to  cede  the  whole  of  Louisiana 
to  the  United  States.  Not  less  to  the  astonishment  of  the 
American  envoys,  they  were  told  by  the  French  negotiators, 
at  the  first  interview,  that  their  master  was  prepared  to  treat 
with  them,  not  merely  for  the  Isle  of  New  Orleans,  but  for 
the  whole  vast  province  which  bore  the  name  of  Louisiana  ; 
whose  boundaries,  then  unsettled,  have  since  been  carried  on 
the  north  to  the  British  line,  on  the  west  to  the  Pacific 
Ocean ;  a  territory  half  as  big  as  Europe,  transferred  by  a 
stroke  of  the  pen.  Fifty-eight  years  have  elapsed  since  the 
acquisition  was  made.  The  States  of  Louisiana,  Arkansas, 
Missouri,  Iowa,  Minnesota,  and  Kansas,  the  Territories  of 
Nebraska,  Dacotah,  Jefferson,  and  part  of  Colorado,  have 
been  established  within  its  limits,  on  this  side  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains  ;  the  State  of  Oregon  and  the  Territory  of  Wash- 
ington on  their  western  slope  ;  while  a  tide  of  population  is 
steadily  pouring  into  the  region,  destined  in  addition  to  the 
natural  increase,  before  the  close  of  the  century,  to  double  the 
number  of  the  States  and  Territories.  For  the  entire  region 
west  of  the  Alleghanies  and  east  of  the  Rocky  Mountains 
the  Missouri  and  the  Mississippi  form  the  natural  outlet  to 
the  sea.  Without  counting  the  population  of  the  seceding 
States,  there  are  ten  millions  of  the  free  citizens  of  the  coun- 
try, between  Pittsburg  and  Fort  Union,  who  claim  the  course 
and  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi  as  belonging  to  the  United 
States.  It  is  theirs  by  a  transfer  of  truly  imperial  origin  and 
magnitude  ;  theirs  by  a  sixty  years'  undisputed  title  ;  theirs 
by  occupation  and  settlement ;  theirs  by  the  Law  of  Nature 
and  of  God.  Louisiana,  a  fragment  of  this  Colonial  empire, 
detached  from  its  main  portion  and  first  organized  as  a  State, 
undertakes  to  secede  from  the  Union,  and  thinks  by  so  doing 
that  she  will  be  allowed  by  the  Government  and  People  of 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  405 

the  United  States  to  revoke  this  imperial  transfer,  to  disre- 
gard this  possession  and  occupation  of  sixty  years,  to  repeal 
this  law  of  nature  and  of  God ;  and  she  fondly  believes  that 
ten  millions  of  the  Free  People  of  the  Union  will  allow  her 
and  her  seceding  brethren  to  open  and  shut  the  portals  of  this 
mighty  region  at  their  pleasure.  They  may  do  so,  and  the 
swarming  millions  which  throng  the  course  of  these  noble 
streams  and  their  tributaries  may  consent  to  exchange  the 
charter  which  they  hold  from  the  God  of  Heaven  for  a  bit 
of  parchment  signed  at  Montgomery  or  Richmond ;  but,  if  I 
may  repeat  the  words  which  I  have  lately  used  on  another 
occasion,  it  will  be  when  the  Alleghanies  and  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  which  form  the  eastern  and  western  walls  of  the 
imperial  valley,  shall  sink  to  the  level  of  the  sea,  and  the 
Mississippi  and  the  Missouri  shall  flow  back  to  their  foun- 
tains. 

Such,  Fellow-citizens,  as  1  contemplate  them,  are  the  great 
issues  before  the  country,  nothing  less,  in  a  word,  than 
whether  the  work  of  our  noble  Fathers  of  the  Revolutionary 
and  Constitutional  age  shall  perish  or  endure ;  whether  this 
great  experiment  in  National  polity,  which  binds  a  family  of 
free  Republics  in  one  United  Government,  —  the  most  hope- 
ful plan  for  combining  the  home-bred  blessings  of  a  small 
State  with  the  stability  and  power  of  great  empire, —  shall 
be  treacherously  and  shamefully  stricken  down,  in  the  mo- 
ment of  its  most  successful  operation,  or  whether  it  shall  be 
bravely,  patriotically,  triumphantly  maintained.  We  wage 
no  war  of  conquest  and  subjugation  ;  we  aim  at  nothing  but 
to  protect  our  loyal  fellow-citizens,  who,  against  fearful  odds, 
are  fighting  the  battles  of  the  Union  in  the  disaffected  States, 
and  to  re-establish,  not  for  ourselves  alone,  but  for  our  deluded 
fellow-citizens,  the  mild  sway  of  the  Constitution  and  the 
Laws.  The  result  cannot  be  doubted.  Twenty  millions  of 
freemen,  forgetting  their  divisions,  are  rallying  as  one  man  in 
support  of  the  righteous  cause,  —  their  willing  hearts  and 
their  strong  hands,  their  fortunes  and  their  lives,  are  laid  upon 
the  altar  of  the  country.  We  contend  for  the  great  inheri- 
tance of  constitutional  freedom  transmitted  from  our  Revolu- 


406  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

tionary  fathers.  We  engage  in  the  struggle  forced  upon  us, 
with  sorrow,  as  against  our  misguided  brethren,  but  with 
high  heart  and  faith,  as  we  war  for  that  Union  which  our 
sainted  Washington  commended  to  our  dearest  affections. 
The  sympathy  of  the  civilized  world  is  on  our  side,  and  will 
join  us  in  prayers  to  Heaven  for  the  success  of  our  arms. 


APPENDIX    A,  p.  351. 

After  tbe  remarks  in  the  foregoing  address,  p.  351,  were  written,  touching 
the  impossibility,  at  the  present  day,  of  repealing  the  instrument  by  which,  in 
1788,  South  Carolina  gave  her  consent  and  ratification  to  the  Constitution 
of  the  United  States,  I  sought  the  opinion  on  that  point  of  Mr.  George  Tick- 
nor  Curtis,  the  learned  and  accurate  historian  of  the  Constitution.  It  af- 
forded me  great  pleasure  to  find,  from  the  following  letter,  that  my  view  of 
the  subject  is  sustained  by  his  high  authority :  — 

Jamaica  Plains,  Saturday  Evening,  June  8,  1861. 
My  dear  Sir  :  —  Since  I  came  home  I  have  looked  carefully  at  the  rati- 
fication of  the  Constitution  by  South  Carolina.  The  formal  instrument,  sent 
to  Congress,  seems  to  be  much  more  in  the  nature  of  a  Deed  or  Grant  than 
of  an  Ordinance.  An  Ordinance  would  seem  to  be  an  instrument  adopted 
by  a  public  body  for  the  regulation  of  a  subject  that,  in  its  nature,  remains 
under  the  regulation  of  that  body  ;  —  to  operate  until  otherwise  ordered. 
A  Deed  or  Grant,  on  the  other  hand,  operates  to  pass  some  things ;  and, 
unless  there  be  a  reservation  of  some  control  over  the  subject-matter  by  the 
Grantor,  his  cession  is  necessarily  irrevocable.  I  can  perceive  no  reason 
why  these  distinctions  are  not  applicable  to  the  cession  of  political  powers  by 
a  People,  or  their  duly  authorized  representatives.  The  question  submitted 
to  the  People  of  South  Carolina  by  the  Congress  was,  Whether  they  would 
cede  the  powers  of  government  embraced  in  an  instrument  sent  to  them,  and 
called  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  In  other  words,  they  were 
asked  to  make  a  Grant  of  those  Powers.  When,  therefore,  the  duly  author- 
ized Delegates  of  the  People  of  South  Carolina  executed  an  instrument  un- 
der seal,  declaring  that  they,  "  in  the  name  and  behalf"  of  that  people, 
"  assent  to  ratify  the  said  Constitution,"  I  can  perceive  no  propriety  in  call- 
incr  this  Deed  an  Ordinance.  If  they  had  adopted  an  instrument  entitled, 
"  An  Act  [or  Ordinance]  for  the  government  of  the  People  of  South  Caro- 
lina," and  had  gone  on,  in  the  body  of  the  instrument,  to  declare  that  the 
Powers  embraced  in  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  should  be  exer- 
cised by  the  agents  therein  provided,  until  otherwise  ordered,  there  would 
have  been  something  left  for  a  repeal  to  operate  upon.     But  nothing  like 


THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY.  407 

this  was  done,  and  everybody  knows  that  such  a  ratification  could  not  have 
been  accepted. 

There  are  those,  as  you  are  well  aware,  who  pretend  that  the  most  abso- 
lute and  unrestricted  terms  of  cession,  which  would  carry  any  other  subject 
entirely  out  of  the  grantor,  do  not  so  operate  when  the  subject  of  the  grant 
is  political  sovereignty.  But  a  political  school  which  maintains  that  a  deed 
is  to  be  construed  in  one  way  when  it  purports  to  convey  one  description  of 
right,  such  as  political  sovereignty,  and  in  another  way  when  it  purports  to 
convey  a  right  of  another  kind,  such  as  property,  would  hold  a  very  weak 
brief  in  any  tribunal  of  jurisprudence  if  the  question  could  be  brought  to 
that  arbitrament.  The  American  people  have  been  very  much  accustomed 
to  treat  political  grants,  made  by  the  sovereign  power  without  reservation, 
as  irrevocable  conveyances  and  executed  contracts  ;  and  although  they  hold 
to  the  right  of  revolution,  they  have  not  yet  found  out  how  a  deed,  absolute 
on  its  face,  is  to  be  treated,  in  point  of  law,  as  a  repealable  instrument,  be- 
cause it  deals  with  political  rights  and  duties.  If  any  court  in  South  Caro- 
lina were  now  to  have  the  question  come  before  it,  whether  the  laws  of  the 
United  States  are  still  binding  upon  their  citizens,  I  think  they  would  have 
to  put  their  denial  upon  the  naked  doctrine  of  revolution;  and  that  they 
could  not  hold  that,  as  matter  of  law  and  regular  political  action,  their  ratifi- 
cation deed  of  23d  May,  1 788,  is  "  repealed  "  by  their  late  ordinance. 
Most  truly  and  respectfully  yours, 

Geo.  T.  Curtis. 

Mr.  Everett. 


APPENDIX    B,  p.  373. 
Hon.  Eeverdy  Johnson  to  Mr.  Everett. 

Baltimore,  24th  June,  1861. 

My  dear  Mr.  Everett:  —  I  have  your  note  of  the  18th,  and  cheer- 
fully authorize  you  to  use  my  name  as  you  suggest. 

The  letter  I  read  in  the  speech  which  I  made  in  Frederick  should  be  con- 
clusive evidence  that,  at  its  date,  Mr.  Calhoun  denied  the  right  of  secession, 
as  a  constitutional  right,  either  express  or  implied. 

But,  in  addition  to  this,  I  had  frequent  opportunities  of  knowing  that  this 
was  his  opinion.  It  was  my  good  fortune  to  be  a  member  of  the  Senate  of 
the  United  States,  whilst  he  was  one  of  its  greatest  ornaments,  for  four  years, 
from  1845,  until  I  became  a  member  of  General  Taylor's  administration,  and 
during  two  sessions  (I  think  1846  and  1847)  I  lived  in  the  same  house  with 
him.  He  did  me  the  honor  to  give  me  much  of  his  confidence,  and  fre- 
quently his  nullification  doctrine  was  the  subject  of  conversation.  Time 
and  time  again  have  I  heard  him,  and  with  ever-increased  surprise  at  his 
wonderful  acuteness,  defend  it  on  constitutional  grounds,  and  distinguish  it, 
in  thai  respect,  from  the  doctrine  of  Secession.     This  last  he  never,  with  me, 


408  THE    QUESTIONS    OF    THE    DAY. 

placed  on  any  other  ground  than  that  of  revolution.  This,  he  said,  was  to 
destroy  the  Government ;  and  no  Constitution,  the  work  of  sane  men,  ever 
provided  for  its  own  destruction.  The  other  was  to  preserve  it,  was,  practi- 
cally, but  to  amend  it,  and  in  a  constitutional  mode.  As  you  know,  and  he 
was  ever  told,  I  never  took  that  view.  I  could  see  no  more  constitutional 
warrant  for  this  than  for  the  other,  which,  I  repeat,  he  ever,  in  all  our  inter- 
views, repudiated  as  wholly  indefensible  as  a  constitutional  remedy.  His 
mind,  with  all  its  wonderful  power,  was  so  ingenious  that  it  often  led  him 
into  error,  and  at  times  to  such  an  extent  as  to  be  guilty  of  the  most  palpable 
inconsistencies.  His  views  of  the  tariff  and  internal  improvement  powers  of 
the  government  are  instances.  His  first  opinions  upon  both  were  decided, 
and  almost  ultra.  His  earliest  reputation  was  won  as  their  advocate,  and 
yet  four  years  before  his  death  he  denounced  both,  with  constant  zeal  and 
with  rare  power,  and,  whilst  doing  so,  boldly  asserted  his  uniform  consistency. 
It  is  no  marvel,  therefore,  with  those  who  have  observed  his  career  and 
studied  his  character,  to  hear  it  stated  now  that  he  was  the  advocate  of  con- 
stitutional secession. 

It  may  be  so,  and  perhaps  is  so ;  but  this  in  no  way  supports  the  doctrine, 
as  far  as  it  is  rested  on  his  authority.  His  first  views  were  well  considered 
and  formed,  without  the  influence  of  extraneous  circumstances,  of  which  he 
seemed  to  me  to  be  often  the  victim.  Pure  in  private  life  and  in  motives, 
ever,  as  I  believe  and  have  always  believed,  patriotic,  he  was  induced,  seem- 
ingly without  knowing  it,  in  his  later  life,  to  surrender  to  section  what  was 
intended  for  the  whole,  his  great  powers  of  analysis  and  his  extraordinary 
talent  for  public  service.  If  such  a  heresy,  therefore,  as  constitutional  se- 
cession could  rest  on  any  individual  name,  if  any  mere  human  authority 
could  support  such  an  absurd  and  destructive  folly,  it  cannot  be  said  to  rest 
on  that  of  Mr.  Calhoun. 

With  sincere  regard,  your  friend, 

Reverdy  Johnson. 

Hon.  Edward  Everett,  Boston. 


APPENDIX    C,  p.  387. 

The  number  of  fugitive  slaves  from  all  the  States,  as  I  learn  from  Mr.  J. 
C.  G.  Kennedy,  the  intelligent  superintendent  of  the  Census  Bureau,  was,  in 
the  year  1850,  1,011,  being  about  one  to  every  3,165,  the  entire  number  of 
slaves  at  that  time  being  3,200,364,  a  ratio  of  rather  more  than  -^  of  one  per 
cent.  This  very  small  ratio  was  diminished  in  1860.  By  the  last  census  the 
whole  number  of  slaves  in  the  United  States  was  3,949,557,  and  the  number 
of  escaping  fugitives  was  803,  being  a  trifle  over  ^  of  one  per  cent.  Of 
these  it  is  probable  that  much  the  greater  part  escaped  to  the  places  of 
refuge  in  the  South  alluded  to  in  the  text.  At  all  events,  it  is  well  known 
that  escaping  slaves,  reclaimed  in  the  free  States,  have,  in  almost  every  in- 
stance, been  restored. 


THE   QUESTIONS   OF   THE   DAY.  409 

There  is  usually  some  difficulty  in  reclaiming  fugitives  of  any  description 
who  have  escaped  to  another  jurisdiction.  In  most  of  the  cases  of  fugitives 
from  justice  which  came  under  my  cognizance  as  United  States  Minister  in 
London,  every  conceivable  difficulty  was  thrown  in  my  way,  and  sometimes 
with  success,  by  the  counsel  for  the  parties  whose  extradition  was  demanded 
under  the  Webster- Ashburton  treaty.  The  French  ambassador  told  me  that 
he  had  made  thirteen  unsuccessful  attempts  to  procure  the  surrender  of  fugi- 
tives from  justice,  under  the  extradition  treaty  between  the  two  governments. 
The  difficulty  generally  grew  out  of  the  difference  of  the  jurisprudence  of 
the  two  countries,  in  the  definition  of  crimes,  rules  of  evidence,  and  mode  of 
procedure. 

The  number  of  blacks  living  in  Upper  Canada,  and  assumed  to  be  all  from 
the  United  States,  is  sometimes  stated  as  high  as  forty  thousand,  and  is  con- 
stantly referred  to,  at  the  South,  as  showing  the  great  number  of  fugitives. 
But  it  must  be  remembered,  that  the  manumissions  far  exceed  in  number  the 
escaping  fugitives.  I  learn  from  Mr.  Kennedy,  that  while,  in  1860,  the  num- 
ber of  fugitives  was  but  803,  that  of  manumissions  was  3,010.  As  the  manu- 
mitted slaves  are  compelled  to  leave  the  States  where  they  are  set  free,  and 
a  small  portion  only  emigrate  to  Liberia,  at  least  nine  tenths  of  this  number 
are  scattered  through  the  Northern  States  and  Canada.  In  the  decade  from 
1850  to  1860,  it  is  estimated  that  20,000  slaves  were  manumitted,  of  whom 
three  fourths  probably  joined  their  brethren  in  Canada.  This  supply  alone, 
with  the  natural  increase  on  the  old  stock  and  the  new-comers,  will  account 
for  the  entire  population  of  the  province. 

A  very  able  and  instructive  discussion  of  the  statistics  of  this  subject  will 
be  found  in  the  Boston  Courier  of  the  9th  of  July.  It  is  there  demonstrated 
that  the  assertion  that  the  Northern  States  got  rid  of  their  slaves  by  selling 
them  to  the  South  is  utterly  unsupported  by  the  official  returns  of  the 
census. 


APPENDIX    D,  p.  396. 

In  his  message  to  the  Confederate  Congress  of  the  29th  April  last,  Mr. 
Jefferson  Davis  presents  a  most  glowing  account  of  the  prosperity  of  the 
peculiar  institution  of  the  South.  He  states,  indeed,  that  it  was  "  imperilled  " 
by  Northern  agitation,  but  he  does  not  affirm  (and  the  contrary,  as  far  as  I 
have  observed,  is  strenuously  maintained  at  the  South)  that  its  progress  has 
been  checked  or  its  stability  in  the  slightest  degree  shaken. 

I  think  I  have  seen  statements  by  Mr.  Senator  Hunter,  of  Virginia,  that 
the  institution  of  slavery  has  been  benefited,  and  its  interests  promoted, 
since  the  systematic  agitation  of  the  subject  began ;  but  I  am  unable  to  lay 
my  hand  on  the  speech  in  which,  if  I  recollect  rightly,  this  view  was  taken 
by  the  distinguished  senator. 

I   find  the  following   extracts   from  the  speeches  of  two  distinguished 


410  THE   QUESTIONS   OF   THE  DAY. 

Southern  senators,  in  The  Union,  a  spirited  paper  published  at  St.  Cloud, 
Minnesota. 

It  was  often  said  at  the  North,  and  admitted  by  candid  statesmen  at  the 
South,  that  anti-slavery  agitation  strengthened  rather  than  weakened  slav- 
ery. Here  are  the  admissions  of  Senator  Hammond  on  this  point,  in  a 
speech  which  he  delivered  in  South  Carolina,  October  24,  1858  :  — 

"  And  what  then  (1833)  was  the  state  of  opinion  in  the  South  ?  Wash- 
ington had  emancipated  his  slaves.  Jefferson  had  bitterly  denounced  the 
system,  and  had  done  all  that  he  could  to  destroy  it.  Our  Clays,  Marshalls, 
Crawfords,  and  many  other  prominent  Southern  men,  led  off  in  the  coloni- 
zation scheme.  The  inevitable  effect  in  the  South  was,  that  she  believed 
slavery  to  be  an  evil,  weakness,  disgraceful,  nay,  a  sin.  She  shrunk  from  the 
discussion  of  it.  She  cowered  under  every  threat.  She  attempted  to  apolo- 
gize, to  excuse  herself  under  the  plea  —  which  was  true  —  that  England  had 
forced  it  upon  her ;  and  in  fear  and  trembling  she  awaited  a  doom  that  she 
deemed  inevitable.  But  a  few  bold  spirits  took  the  question  up,  —  they  com- 
pelled the  South  to  investigate  it  anew  and  thoroughly,  and  what  is  the 
result  ?  Why,  it  would  be  difficult  to  find  now  a  Southern  man  who  feels  the 
system  to  be  the  lightest  burden  on  his  conscience ;  who  does  not,  in  fact, 
regard  it  as  an  equal  advantage  to  the  master  and  the  slave,  elevating  both, 
as  wealth,  strength,  and  power,  and  as  one  of  the  main  pillars  and  controlling 
influences  of  modern  civilization,  and  who  is  not  now  prepared  to  maintain 
it  at  every  hazard.  Such  have  been  (he  happy  results  of  this  abolition  discus- 
sion. 

"  So  far  our  gain  has  been  immense  from  this  contest,  savage  and  malig- 
nant as  it  has  been." 

And  again  he  says  :  — 

"  The  rock  of  Gibraltar  does  not  stand  so  firm  on  its  basis  as  our  slave 
system.  For  a  quarter  of  a  century  it  has  borne  the  brunt  of  a  hurricane  as 
fierce  and  pitiless  as  ever  raged.  At  the  North  and  in  Europe  they  cried, 
'  Havoc,'  and  let  loose  upon  us  all  the  dogs  of  war.  And  how  stands  it  now  ? 
Why,  in  this  very  quarter  of  a  century  our  slaves  have  doubled  in  numbers, 
and  each  slave  has  more  than  doubled  in  value.  The  very  negro  who,  as  a 
prime  laborer,  would  have  brought  $400  in  1828  would  now,  with  thirty 
more  years  upon  him,  sell  for  $  800." 

Equally  strong  admissions  were  made  by  A.  H.  Stephens,  now  Vice- 
President  of  the  "  Confederacy,"  in  that  carefully  prepared  speech  which  he 
delivered  in  Georgia,  in  July,  1859,  on  the  occasion  of  retiring  from  public 
life.     He  then  said :  — 

"  Nor  am  I  of  the  number  of  those  who  believe  that  we  have  sustained 
any  injury  by  these  agitations.  It  is  true  we  were  not  responsible  for  them. 
We  were  not  the  aggressors.  We  acted  on  the  defensive.  We  repelled  as- 
sault, calumny,  and  aspersion  by  argument,  by  reason,  and  truth.     But  so 


THE    QUESTIONS     OF    THE    DAY.  411 

far  from  the  institution  of  African  slavery  in  our  section  being  weakened  or 
rendered  less  secure  by  the  discussion,  my  deliberate  judgment  is  that  it  has 
been  greatly  strengthened  and  fortified,  —  strengthened  and  fortified,  not  only 
in  the  opinions,  convictions,  and  consciences  of  men,  but  by  the  action  of 
the  Government." 


"E  PLURIBUS   UNUM."* 


Burke  remarks  that  "  the  march  of  the  human  mind  is 
slow"  in  the  discovery  and  application  of  great  political 
truths.  With  respect  to  the  all-important  question,  What 
is  the  best  form  of  government?  two  truths  only  of  the  high- 
est order  have  been  discovered  and  applied  before  the  Ameri- 
can Revolution.  Pope  would  suppress  all  further  search  in 
this  direction  by  his  magnificent  epigram  :  — 

"  For  forms  of  government  let  fools  contest, 
Whate'er  is  best  administered  is  best." 

But  this  doctrine,  absurd  in  itself,  settles  nothing.  Besides 
placing  the  government  of  Turkey  and  that  of  England  on 
the  same  footing,  it  leaves  unanswered  the  only  important 
question,  What  form  of  government  is  most  likely  to  be  best 
administered?  Alexander  the  First  of  Russia  understood 
this ;  when  Madame  de  Stael  flattered  him  that  his  charac- 
ter was  the  Constitution  of  his  empire,  he  answered  that  if 
that  was  the  case  their  welfare  depended  on  an  accident. 

The  two  great  truths  referred  to  were,  that  small  states 
admitted  free  governments,  and  that  large  empires  required 
strong  ones  :  understanding  by  free  governments  those  which 
proceed  directly  from  the  governed,  and  are  directly  respon- 
sible to  them  ;  and  by  strong  governments,  those  which  rest 
only  on  the  acquiescence  of  the  people,  which  are  upheld  by 
military  power,  and  which  admitted  no  remedy  for  abuses 

*  Respecting  "  e  pluribus  unttm,"  Mr.  Everett  writes  to  the  publisher 
of  the  preceding  address :  "  It  was  originally  intended  as  a  part  of  my  ora- 
tion ;  b^jt  finding  that  was  running  unduly  to  length,  I  determined  to  send 
it  as  an  article  to  Mr.  Bonner,"  for  the  "  New  York  Ledger."  It  is  here 
republished  by  the  special  permission  of  Mr.  Bonner. 


"E    PLURIBUS    UNUM."  413 

but  the  moral  influence  of  public  opinion  and  the  extreme 
right  of  revolution. 

The  ancient  world  did  not  get  beyond  these  two  principles. 
The  first  was  applied  for  short  periods  in  Greece  and  Rome  ; 
but  all  the  rest  of  the  world,  as  far  as  we  know  from  the  be- 
ginning, and  the  two  states  just  named,  after  brief  and  unsuc- 
cessful experiments  of  free  institutions,  settled  down  upon 
the  assumption  that  the  Nations  of  the  Earth,  in  the  long 
run,  could  be  ruled  by  nothing  but  the  strong  arm  of  power. 
It  has  sometimes  seemed  that  you  might  say  of  all  Peoples 
what  one  of  the  ministers  of  Louis  Phillipe  said,  after  his 
downfall,  of  his  own  country,  —  that  there  are  two  kinds  of 
government  which  the  people  of  France  will  not  submit  to, 
namely,  a  Republic  and  a  Monarchy.  The  dangerous  mala- 
dies of  states  sometimes  spring,  not  from  this  or  that  alleged 
abuse,  but  from  the  ambitions,  the  passions,  and  the  corrup- 
tions of  the  leaders  and  the  led,  which  make  any  government 
impossible. 

The  two  principles  to  which  I  have  alluded  had  each  its 
great  attending  evil,  that  rendered  some  further  progress  in 
the  Science  of  Government  necessary  for  the  happiness  of 
mankind.  The  welfare  of  small  states  under  republican  gov- 
ernments, wholly  administered  by  the  people  or  very  directly 
responsible  to  them,  is  apt  to  be  constantly  disturbed  by  gusts 
of  popular  passion.  For  the  want  of  that  time  for  reflection,  — 
that  pause  between  the  different  stages  of  administration, 
which  obtains  in  a  system  that  spreads  over  a  great  space 
and  large  populations,  —  the  most  momentous  measures  may 
be  decided  by  the  caprice  of  a  popular  assembly  at  a  single 
session.  All  the  social  institutions  and  interests  tremble  for 
want  of  stability,  and  property  and  life  become  so  precarious 
as  to  be  almost  worthless. 

Then,  if  the  state  is  very  small,  the  policy  will  be  small,  the 
standard  of  political  character  low,  and  everything  be  planned 
and  executed  on  a  petty  municipal  scale.  If  a  great  charac- 
ter, Heaven  inspired,  springs  up,  his  first  impulse  will  neces- 
sarily be  to  stretch  beyond  the  limits  of  the  tribe,  and  by 
peaceful  alliance  or  the  conquering  sword,  possess  himself 


414  "E    PLURIBUS    UNUM." 

of  a  broader  and  a  nobler  field  of  action.  Moses  leads  forth 
his  brethren  from  an  Egyptian  province  to  the  conquest  of 
Canaan.  Pericles,  from  the  citadel  of  Athens,  struggles  for 
the  sovereignty  of  Greece.  The  chiefs  of  Republican  Rome 
grasp  at  the  dominion,  first  of  the  surrounding  states  of  Italy, 
and  then  of  the  world. 

Finally,  if  a  small  state  stands  alone  in  the  vicinity  of  a 
powerful  neighbor,  it  holds  its  existence  on  sufferance.  If 
a  group  of  small  independent  states  are  placed  side  by  side  in 
the  same  region,  they  are  doomed  to  eternal  wars  with  each 
other,  and  fall  at  last  the  victims  one  by  one  to  the  intrigues 
or  arms  of  the  nearest  aggressive  Power.  There  were  more 
than  a  hundred  Hanse  towns  in  the  Middle  Ages,  each  an  in- 
dependent little  republic,  —  Bremen,  Hamburg,  and  Liibeck 
alone  are  left. 

In  this  way  the  first  form  of  government  either  sinks  by  its 
inherent  weakness,  and  becomes  a  prey  to  its  powerful  neigh- 
bor, or  grows  up  itself  into  an  aggressive  and  conquering 
state,  ruled  of  necessity  by  a  strong  hand. 

The  besetting  evil  of  strong  governments  ruling  over  great 
empires  is  the  necessarily  uncompromising  nature  of  Power. 
The  rights  and  interests  of  individuals  are  crushed  by  the  in- 
flexible rule.  Power  is  a  divine  force,  but  on  earth  it  has  got 
to  be  wielded  by  fallible,  often  by  wicked  men.  The  power 
which  decides  the  fates  of  millions  by  a  rescript  has  no  time 
to  study  individual  cases  and  examine  particular  localities. 
During  the  visit  of  the  Emperor  Nicholas  to  London  in  1844, 
I  was  informed  by  a  person  in  near  attendance  upon  him 
that  more  than  nine  hundred  letters  came  to  his  address  from 
Russia  in  the  three  or  four  days  of  his  visit.  At  home  the 
daily  number  must  be  greater.  How  is  it  possible  that  one 
mind,  with  whatever  subdivision  of  labor,  can  give  heed  to 
such  a  vast  number  of  daily  applications  ?  The  memoirs  of 
Baron  Menneval,  the  private  secretary  of  Napoleon  I.,  throw 
much  light  on  this  point ;  especially  when  we  consider,  that, 
in  addition  to  the  personal  appeals  made  to  himself,  the  great 
mass  of  the  business  of  his  empire  must,  of  course,  have  been 
transacted  with  the  civil  and  military  chiefs  and  departments 
of  all  ranks  and  names. 


"E    PLUEIBUS    UNUM."  415 

However  wisely  or  kindly  such  a  government  is  adminis- 
tered, it  is  impossible  that  there  should  not  be  wholesale 
abuse,  oppression,  and  corruption,  especially  in  the  remote 
dependencies  and  subject  provinces,  given  up  to  subordinate 
tyrants  of  every  name,  —  Satraps,  Viceroys,  Proconsuls,  and 
military  governors. 

To  escape  the  evils  incident  to  the  two  kinds  of  govern- 
ment, political  wisdom  has  been  tasked  to  unite  in  some 
modified  form  the  characteristic  advantages  of  each,  combin- 
ing the  power  and  stability  of  large  empires  with  the  benefits 
of  responsible  local  administration  peculiar  to  small  free 
states.  Various  devices  have  been  resorted  to  in  order  to 
effect  this  object,  —  municipal  and  national  charters,  councils 
of  state,  and  especially  parliaments  and  courts  of  justice  ; 
all  intended  in  their  appropriate  ways  to  relieve  the  austerity 
of  despotic  power,  to  protect  individual  right,  and  reflect  pop- 
ular feeling  and  opinion.  The  governments  of  the  leading 
Powers  of  Europe  are  specimens  of  the  different  ways  in 
which  this  all-important  problem  has  been  solved.  The 
great  success  which  has  attended  the  attempt  made  in  Eng- 
land to  combine  a  strong  central  hereditary  power  with  a 
privileged  class  in  one  branch  of  the  legislature,  and  a  repre- 
sentative body  directly  responsible  to  the  people  in  the  other, 
has  given  a  prestige  to  parliamentary  government  in  the  other 
European  states ;  but  it  has  almost  wholly  failed  in  most 
of  the  monarchies  where  it  has  been  tried,  and  has  not  fully 
succeeded  in  any  of  them.  But  the  march  of  the  mind  is 
slow ;  important  changes  in  government  have  seldom  suc- 
ceeded in  the  world  except  when  they  have  grown  up  from 
an  historical  germ. 

There  was,  therefore,  manifestly  room  for  a  further  im- 
provement,—  some  new  mode  of  combining  the  benefits  of 
freedom  and  power,  the  characteristic  advantages  of  large 
and  small  states,  the  local  administration  of  local  inter- 
ests with  the  strength  and  stability  of  imperial  sway.  The 
march  of  the  human  mind  is  slow,  but  it  had  reached  a 
point  where  the  want  of  such  an  improvement  was  ur- 
gently felt ;   where  a   noble  stage  for  the   experiment  was 


416  "E    PLURIBUS    UNUM." 

provided,   and    auspicious    circumstances   concurred  for   its 
success. 

A  family  of  provincial  settlements,  within  a  little  more 
than  two  centuries  and  a  half,  was  established  upon  the 
Eastern  shores  of  this  Continent,  under  the  auspices  of  the 
great  powers  of  Europe,  principally  England.  Mainly  neg- 
lected by  the  parent  states,  they  were  trained  in  the  dis- 
cipline of  local  government,  to  a  considerable  degree  respon- 
sible to  the  people.  They  opened  no  very  tempting  field  to 
proconsular  ambition,  and  offered  no  rich  bribes  to  proconsu- 
lar greed.  Nearly  homogeneous  in  origin,  language,  and  the 
other  great  traits  of  Nationality ;  connected  with  each  other 
as  provinces  subject  to  the  same  crown  ;  driven  by  the  exi- 
gencies of  border  war  to  act  together  for  the  common  safety 
and  defence ;  separated  by  the  Atlantic  and  the  wilderness 
from  the  rest  of  the  world  ;  —  they  grew  up  as  one  People  ;  ripe, 
when  the  accepted  time  should  arrive,  to  be  constituted  under 
one  government.  As  separate  Colonies  they  became  familiar 
with  all  the  resorts  and  appliances  of  an  independent  political 
organization,  modelled  mainly  after  the  pattern  of  the  parent 
country ;  while  common  interests  and  wants  bound  them 
together  in  kindly  interdependence. 

Thus  the  most  hopeful  preparation  was  made  for  the  dis- 
covery of  a  new  political  Truth,  —  the  establishment  of  a 
form  of  government,  not  new  in  its  elements,  but  new  in 
their  adjustment  and  combination.  If  it  succeeds,  the  great 
defect  in  all  pre-existing  governments  is  remedied,  and  the 
glowing  visions  of  sages  and  patriots  are  fulfilled.  A  very 
remarkable  passage  from  Montesquieu,  quoted  in  the  ninth 
number  of  the  "  Federalist,"  pointed  directly  to  the  estab- 
lishment of  a  form  of  government  of  which  all  the  materials, 
unknown  to  that  celebrated  writer,  were  existing  on  this  Con- 
tinent when  the  American  Revolution  broke  out.  In  1748, 
while  half  of  North  America  was  subject  to  France,  and  the 
other  half  to  England,  and  the  rise  of  a  great  new  power  in 
this  quarter  of  the  world  was  as  little  dreamed  of  as  the  emer- 
gence of  a  new  continent  from  the  depths  of  the  ocean,  the 
great    French  philosopher-statesman    observed    that    "  It  is 


"E    PLURIBUS    UNUM."  417 

very  probable  that  mankind  would  have  been  obliged  at 
length  to  live  constantly  under  the  government  of  a  single 
person,  had  they  not  contrived  a  kind  of  constitution,  that 
has  all  the  internal  advantages  of  a  republican,  together  with 
the  external  force  of  a  monarchical  government ;  I  mean  a 
confederate  republic. 

"  This  form  of  government  is  a  convention,  by  which  sev- 
eral smaller  states  agree  to  become  members  of  a  larger  one, 
which  they  intend  to  form.  It  is  a  kind  of  assemblage  of  so- 
cieties that  constitutes  a  new  one,  capable  of  increasing  by 
means  of  new  associations,  till  they  arrive  at  such  a  degree 
of  power  as  to  be  able  to  provide  for  the  security  of  the 
united  body." 

Montesquieu  was  closely  studied  by  the  statesmen  of  the 
Revolution,  and  it  is  somewhat  amusing  to  witness  the  adroit- 
ness with  which,  in  the  address  of  the  Continental  Congress 
to  the  people  of  Quebec  in  1774,  he  is  quoted  as  "your  coun- 
tryman, the  immortal  Montesquieu."  But  Montesquieu  had 
no  better  examples  of  modern  confederacies  than  those  of  the 
Netherlands  and  Switzerland,  and  it  is  not  wonderful  that  he 
did  not  more  distinctly  announce  the  conditions  which  were 
essential  to  the  solution  of  the  great  problem. 

It  would  be  but  an  abridgment  of  the  History  of  the  Rev- 
olution to  rehearse  the  successive  steps  by  which  the  great 
consummation  was  effected.  They  can  be  but  briefly  hinted 
at.  First,  a  spontaneous  uprising  and  self-assertion  of  the 
citizens  of  the  Colonies  as  one  People,  involved  in  a  common 
peril,  engaged  in  a  common  cause,  and  represented  by  dele- 
gates in  a  congress,  which,  without  a  constitution,  written  or 
unwritten,  acts  as  a  supreme  government,  and  nominally 
with  undisputed  authority  for  peace  and  for  war.  Second, 
an  organization  of  the  local  governments  made  on  the  advice 
of  the  Continental  Congress,  given  at  the  request  of  the  late 
Colonies,  and  brought  about  as  nearly  as  possible  by  such 
changes  in  the  provincial  institutions  as  fitted  them  to  meet 
the  new  state  of  affairs.  Such  was  the  first  simple  machinery 
of  the  new  order  of  things  ;  Congress  without  any  express 
delegation  of  power  acting  for  the  whole  ;  the   State  govern- 

VOL.   iv.  21 


418  "E    PLURIBUS    UNUM." 

ments  newly  constituted,  administering  the  local  interests, 
and  forming  a  medium  of  communication  between  the  peo- 
ple and  the  Central  Power. 

An  intermediary  year  of  transition  passes  ;  the  movement 
slowly  takes  the  form  of  revolution  ;  petitions  for  redress  are 
laid  without  success  at  the  foot  of  the  throne  ;  the  blood  of 
Lexington,  and  Concord,  and  Bunker  Hill  is  shed,  and  at 
length  the  independence  of  the  United  States  is  declared.  It 
is  declared  because  when  "  it  becomes  necessary  for  one 
People  to  dissolve  the  political  bands  which  have  connected 
them  with  another,  ....  a  decent  respect  for  the  opinions  of 
mankind  requires  that  they  should  declare  the  causes  that  im- 
pel them  to  the  separation." 

Thus  the  independence  of  the  United  States  is  declared,  but 
no  act  of  union  exists,  and  the  thoughts  of  the  Fathers  are  im- 
mediately turned  to  its  formation.  In  a  solemn  address  to  the 
people  in  the  summer  of  1775,  assigning  the  causes  of  their 
resort  to  arms,  the  Congress  asserts  that  "  our  Union  is  per- 
fect " ;  but  it  was  so  in  spirit,  and  by  the  irresistible  force  of 
circumstances,  and  not  in  virtue  of  any  constitutional  organi- 
zation. This  was  delayed  till  the  contest  was  nearly  over. 
It  is  a  popular  error  that  the  Articles  of  Confederation  car- 
ried the  country  through  the  war.  Those  Articles  were  not 
finally  adopted  by  all  the  Colonies  till  the  spring  of  1781,  a 
few  months  before  the  war  was  virtually  brought  to  a  close 
by  the  surrender  at  Yorktown. 

This  was  the  next  distinct  step  toward  the  accomplishment 
of  the  great  ulterior  object,  but  not  wisely  nor  successfully 
taken.  The  ages  that  had  gone  before  them  furnished  no 
practical  guide  ;  the  sagacity  of  the  theorist  was  at  fault. 
The  framers  of  the  Confederation  were  misled  by  that  re- 
spectable name,  beyond  which  political  philosophy  had  not 
travelled,  and  they  forgot  that  a  federal  compact  was  not  a 
united  government.  They  accordingly  made  no  provision 
for  the  action  of  the  Central  power  on  the  individual  citizen ; 
and  this  defect  was  fatal.  The  powers  nominally  granted  to 
Congress  were  adequate,  but  there  was  no  executive  to  ad- 
minister them,  and  no  means  of  enforcing  the  obedience  of 


"E    PLURIBUS    UNUM."  419 

the  people.  Accordingly,  when  the  perils  of  war  ceased  to 
furnish  a  bond  of  Union,  the  Articles  of  Confederation  failed 
entirely  to  accomplish  that  end.  They  had  not  carried  the 
country  through  the  war ;  nor  could  they  carry  it  through  the 
peace  that  followed. 

One  more  effort,  or  rather  a  series  of  conspiring  efforts,  on 
the  part  of  Congress,  the  States,  and  the  People,  and  the 
great  work  is  accomplished.  The  Federal  Constitution  is 
framed  ;  and  while  the  separate  State  Governments  remain 
unimpaired,  for  all  the  purposes  of  purely  local  administra- 
tion, the  people  embodied  in  the  States  are  moulded  into  the 
people  of  the  Union.  Without  ceasing  to  be  a  citizen  of  the 
individual  State,  every  individual  became  a  citizen  of  the 
United  States.  The  new  Constitution,  and  the  laws  made  in 
pursuance  thereof,  are  declared  to  be  the  supreme  law  of  the 
land,  anything  in  the  Constitution  and  laws  of  the  separate 
States  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding. 

By  this  simple  device,  the  great  improvement  in  the  science 
and  practice  of  civil  polity  is  effected.  We  have  now  a  com- 
plex system  of  local  and  general  government ;  providing  for 
all  the  ends  and  exigencies  of  administration  at  home,  and  at 
the  same  time  creating  an  efficient  central  power.  I  call  the 
device  simple,  but  description  can  hardly  do  justice  to  the 
combination  of  circumstances  necessary  to  its  origin,  its  suc- 
cessful application,  and  its  convenient  expansion  with  the 
lapse  of  time.  The  colonial  training ;  the  revolutionary 
struggle  ;  the  protecting  ocean  in  front ;  the  broad,  unoc- 
cupied continent  in  the  rear  ;  the  convulsions  of  Europe ;  the 
successive  acquisition  of  vast  territories,  affording  space  for 
the  rapid  multiplication  of  States,  and  thus  calling  into  ac- 
tion the  utmost  vigor  of  the  principle  vaguely  pointed  out  by 
Montesquieu,  of  "  increasing  by  means  of  new  associations." 
Who  could  have  predicted,  that,  in  little  more  than  a  century 
from  the  time  when  those  words  were  uttered,  the  Anglo- 
American  Colonies,  then  less  known  to  Montesquieu  than  the 
Iroquois  and  Hurons  on  their  borders,  would  have  constituted 
a  United  People,  consisting  of  thirteen  States,  to  which 
twenty-one  new  "  associates  "  should  be  added,  joining  the 


420  "E    PLURIBUS    UNUM." 

great  world-oceans,  and  stretching  over  the  continent  that 
separates  them  ? 

E  Pluribus  Unum,  "  one  formed  from  many,"  such  is  the 
third  great  Truth  which  United  America  has  added  to  po- 
litical science  ;  the  new  type  of  government,  reconciling  the 
strength  of  a  great  with  the  freedom  of  a  small  state,  and 
thus  forming  a  decentralized  republican  empire.  Seventy- 
two  years  of  successful  operation  have  shown  the  sagacity 
and  foresight  of  its  founders.  The  work  of  men's  hands,  it 
exhibits  the  imperfections  of  humanity  ;  but  neither  ancient 
nor  modern  times  have  produced  anything  so  admirable  in 
design,  and,  till  the  present  severe  crisis,  so  successful  in  ex- 
ecution. May  a  gracious  Providence  carry  it  through  the 
present  trial ;  for  on  the  triumph  of  its  distinctive  principle, 

THE     INDISSOLUBLE     UNION     OF     THE     PARTS     IN     ONE     IMPERIAL 

whole,    depends  the  cause  of  Republican  government  for 
all  coming  time! 


NATHAN    APPLETON.* 


Mr.  Chairman:  — 

I  am  rather  out  of  place  in  this  hall ;  but  I  have  cheer- 
fully complied  with  the  request  of  your  committee  in 
giving  my  attendance  here  to  join  you  in  an  expression  of 
respect  to  the  memory  of  Mr.  Appleton.  It  was  my  hap- 
piness to  stand  in  friendly  relations  to  him,  from  my  ear- 
liest entrance  into  public  life,  and  to  enjoy  at  all  times 
his  personal  and  political  confidence.  He  was  certainly  a 
man  of  high. mark;  and  he  possessed  those  endowments  and 
traits  of  character  which  would  have  led  to  eminence  in  any 
walk  of  life.  His  career  is  too  well  known  to  those  who 
hear  me,  to  need  a  minute  rehearsal.  His  original  inclination 
seems  to  have  been  for  a  profession.  Circumstances,  however, 
led  him,  after  beginning  a  collegiate  course  at  Dartmouth,  to 
engage  in  business ;  which  he  pursued,  as  we  all  know,  for  the 
rest  of  his  life,  with  intelligence,  energy,  and  success.  But  he 
retained  to  the  last  his  literary  tastes,  kept  up  his  knowledge 
of  the  Latin  language,  was  fond  of  reading  and  writing,  and 
gave  to  the  public  several  carefully  prepared  efforts  of  his 
pen.  Among  these  I  may  mention  his  treatise  on  Currency 
and  Banking,  first  published  in  1841  ;  a  tract  on  the  Rela- 
tions of  Labor  in  Europe  and  America ;  his  account  of  the 
introduction  of  the  power-loom  into  the  United  States,  and 
of  the  Foundation  of  the  City  of  Lowell,  and  his  biographical 
memoir  of  his  friend,  Mr.  Abbott  Lawrence,  which  was  pre- 
pared at  the  request  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society. 

*  Remarks  on  the  death  of  Hon.  Nathan  Appleton,  delivered  at  Mer- 
chants' Exchange,  Boston,  16th  July,  1861. 


422  NATHAN    APPLETON. 

Mr.  Appleton's  opinions  on  the  important  questions  of  the 
day  were  also  occasionally  published  in  the  form  of  letters  to 
his  friends ;  and  a  year  or  two  since  an  interesting  correspond- 
ence with  an  English  clergyman,  on  some  theological  ques- 
tions, was  printed  by  him.  All  these  compositions  are 
marked  by  clearness  of  statement,  fulness  of  information, 
closeness  of  style,  and  vigorous  common  sense,  without  any 
attempt  at  ornament. 

Mr.  Appleton  entered  into  business  in  Boston  with  his 
elder  brother  Samuel  in  1795,  at  the  time  when  the  com- 
merce of  the  United  States,  under  the  genial  influence  of  the 
Federal  Constitution,  had  begun  to  revive  from  the  paralysis 
caused  by  the  old  Confederation.  Twelve  or  thirteen  years  of 
prosperity  followed,  during  which  he  laid  the  foundations  of 
his  fortune.  The  restrictive  system  which  commenced  in 
1807  crippled  the  trade  of  the  country,  and  gradually  forced 
the  thoughts  of  the  enterprising  men  towards  manufactures. 
The  first  attempts  were  made,  however,  without  skill  or 
experience,  and  with  imperfect  machinery,  and  did  not  in- 
spire Mr.  Appleton  with  confidence  in  their  success.  Being 
in  Europe  in  1811,  he  met  Mr.  Francis  C.  Lowell  at  Edin- 
burgh, and  found  that  he  entertained  sanguine  hopes  that, 
through  the  medium  of  the  power-loom,  the  cotton  manu- 
facture could  be  introduced  into  this  country.  Mr.  Apple- 
ton  was  at  first  less  confident,  but  when  Mr.  Lowell  —  pur- 
suing the  object  both  in  England  and  after  his  return  to 
this  country,  with  equal  sagacity  and  perseverance  —  deter- 
mined to  make  the  experiment  at  Waltham,  Mr.  Appleton 
cheerfully  shared  the  risk.  I  need  not  say  to  this  audience 
how  completely  the  experiment  succeeded.  The  power-loom 
was,  through  the  ingenuity  of  Mr.  Lowell,  introduced,  and 
many  most  effectual  improvements  in  the  spinning  machin- 
ery were  superadded.  This  success  was  certainly  due,  in  the 
first  instance,  to  Mr.  F.  C.  Lowell,  and  next  to  him,  if  I  mis- 
take not,  to  the  energy  of  Mr.  Patrick  T.  Jackson  and  the 
co-operation  and  influence  of  Mr.  Appleton. 

The  return  of  peace  and  the  influx  of  foreign  goods  threat- 
ened to  prostrate  our  infant  manufactures ;  but  they  already 


NATHAN    APPLETON.  423 

had  acquired  an  acknowledged  position  as  a  national  interest. 
Mr.  Appleton,  in  his  valuable  pamphlet  on  the  subject,  in- 
forms us  (what  is  otherwise  a  matter  of  record)  that,  by  the 
representations  of  Mr.  Lowell,  the  eminent  Southern  states- 
men, Messrs.  Calhoun  and  Lowndes,  were  convinced  of  the 
expediency  of  the  square-yard  duty  of  6|  cents  on  imported 
cottons.  These  gentlemen  were  satisfied  by  Mr.  Lowell 
that  they  desired  no  extravagant  bounty,  but  only  such  pro- 
tection as  would  insure  them  against  the  fluctuations  and 
gluts  of  the  foreign  market.  He  foretold  to  them  that  the 
manufacture  once  established,  the  price  would  be  sure  to  be 
brought  down  by  domestic  competition ;  and  Mr.  Appleton's 
instructive  pamphlet  shows  us  that  goods  which  in  1816 
sold  for  30  cents  per  yard  were  sold  in  1843  for  6^  cents 
per  yard,  fluctuating  from  7  to  9  cents,  with  the  price  of 
cotton.  It  would  be  gratifying  to  know  from  those  theorists 
who  maintain  that  a  protective  duty  is  in  all  cases  added  to 
the  price  of  the  domestic  article,  what  would  be  the  price 
without  the  duty  of  6^  cents  of  an  article  which,  with  the 
duty,  sells  for  6|-  cents  ?  If  this  theory  is  true  (and  it  is  the 
theory  on  which  South  Carolina  drove  the  country  to  the 
verge  of  a  civil  war  in  1830),  the  price  without  the  duty 
would  be  one  quarter  of  one  cent  per  yard. 

The  success  of  the  enterprise  at  Waltham  led  to  the  foun- 
dation of  Lowell,  in  which  the  name  of  your  kinsman,  sir,  is 
so  justly  commemorated.  Mr.  Appleton  was  one  of  the  origi- 
nal proprietors,  and  engaged  a  very  large  capital  in  the  first 
company.  I  retain  a  very  lively  recollection  of  a  visit  made 
there  in  his  company,  and  that  of  other  distinguished  persons, 
(among  them  Mr.  John  Quincy  Adams),  when  a  single  mill 
only  had  been  built,  and  the  greater  part  of  what  is  now 
Lowell  lay  in  a  state  of  nature.  The  confident  expectation 
was  then  expressed,  that  persons  at  that  time  living  would 
see  it  a  city  of  20,000  inhabitants.  Mr.  Appleton  himself, 
though  then  in  middle  life,  lived  to  see  it  a  city  of  40,000 
inhabitants ! 

But  notwithstanding  the  success  of  the  cotton  manufac- 
ture at  Waltham  and  Lowell,  and  many  other  places  in  the 


424  NATHAN  APPLETON. 

Northern  and  Middle  States,  the  protective  policy  gained 
friends  but  slowly.  It  suffered,  in  fact,  from  the  hands  of 
injudicious  advocates,  who  desired  exorbitant  duties,  that 
they  might,  without  capital  and  without  skill,  do  what  re- 
quired both.  Their  injudicious  demands  played  into  the 
hands  of  Southern  politicians,  who,  for  the  purpose  of  local 
irritation,  now  made  war  upon  the  system  which  they 
themselves  had  aided  in  building  up.  Accordingly,  when, 
about  ten  years  after  the  foundation  of  Lowell,  the  question 
arose  whether  this  great  interest  should  be  sacrificed  to  the 
clamors  of  South  Carolina,  Mr.  Appleton  accepted  a  nomina- 
tion to  Congress  as  a  friend  of  moderate  protection,  and 
was  elected  as  the  representative  from  Boston.  I  was  a 
member  of  Congress  at  the  time,  and  was  in  daily  inter- 
course with  him.  He  was  placed  on  the  Committee  of 
Ways  and  Means,  where  he  had  great  influence.  He  was 
of  that  class  of  men  that  always,4  at  least  in  quiet  times,  ex- 
ercises influence  in  the  House, —  men  who  are  not  politicians, 
not  office-seekers,  not  talkers,  but  who  thoroughly  understand 
certain  branches  of  public  policy.  Mr.  Appleton  understood 
currency,  manufactures,  and  banking.  He  confined  himself 
to  these  subjects  in  debate.  The  House,  when  he  rose,  gave 
him  its  respectful  attention,  because  they  knew  that,  though 
not  holding  out  the  attractions  of  rhetoric,  he  never  spoke 
without  having  something  to  say  that  was  worth  hearing. 

There  was,  I  suppose,  no  person  in  the  community  who  un- 
derstood currency  and  banking  better  than  Mr.  Appleton ;  few 
as  well.  Mr.  Webster  once,  in  conversation  with  me,  after 
mentioning  other  distinguished  financiers,  added,  "  But  Mr. 
Appleton  on  these  subjects  is  our  most  acute  and  profound 
thinker."  His  tract  on  currency,  first  published  in  1841,  and 
since  reprinted  twice,  shows,  I  think,  the  justice  of  this  re- 
mark. I  am  certainly  bound  to  admit  it,  for  on  one  impor- 
tant subject  he  was  right  and  I  was  wrong.  Sooner  than 
most  men,  he  discovered  the  false  system  and  dangerous 
principles  on  which  the  Bank  of  the  United  States  was  pro- 
ceeding, and  foretold  the  crash  that  afterwards  took  place. 
Had  every  one  possessed  his  discernment  in  this  respect,  how 


NATHAN    APPLETON.  425 

much  public  wrong  and  private  suffering  might  have  been 
spared ! 

For  the  several  last  years  of  Mr.  Appleton's  life  he  had 
withdrawn  from  active  participation  in  business,  beyond  what 
was  necessary  for  the  care  of  his  property,  of  which  he  made 
a  liberal  use   as  a  patron  of  every  meritorious  charity  and 
public-spirited  enterprise.     He  watched,  with  patriotic  anxiety, 
the  progress  of  our  sectional  controversies,  but  took  no  active 
part  in  affairs.     I  shall  not  attempt  to  sketch  his  private  char- 
acter.    Judging  from  the  conclusion  of  Mr.   Stevenson's  re- 
marks, which  was   all   I  had  the  good  fortune  to  hear,  it  is 
unnecessary  to  attempt  it.     I  have  come,  not  prepared  as  I 
could   wish,   but    with    these     desultory    recollections    and 
thoughts,  the  unstudied  dictates  of  my  own  feelings,  not  a 
tribute  worthy  of  him   on   the   beautiful  example  which  he 
afforded   of    a  mature,  well-balanced  character.     Eminently 
happy  in  his  domestic  relations,  he  enjoyed  to  the  full  in  the 
decline  of  life,  so  far  as  impaired  health  would  permit,  his 
well-earned  prosperity.     Moderate  in  all  things,  his  manners 
simple  and  unostentatious,  his  character  spotless,  his  religious 
■  opinions  and  hopes  the  governing  principle  of  his  life.     Mer- 
cantile honor  he  held  in  almost  superstitious  estimation.     In 
his  Memoir  of  Mr.  Lawrence  he  says  it  is  a  great  error  to 
suppose,  because  the  occupation  of  a  trader  from  its  nature 
affords  to  men  of  low-toned  character  a  temptation  or  op- 
portunity for  dishonest  gain,  that  therefore  the  true  merchant 
deems  lightly  of  his  honor.     "  It  is  as  dear  to  him,"  he  adds, 
"  as   a  woman's  chastity."     Of  the  elevated  frame   of  mind 
to  which  he  had  risen  in  the  last  days  of  his  life,  the  domestic 
calamity,  to  which   Mr.  Stevenson  has  already  alluded,  drew 
out  a  pathetic  illustration.    When  the  intelligence  was  brought 
to  him  of  the  shocking  event  which  destroyed  the  life  of  his 
beloved  daughter,  he  said,  "  She  has  only  gone  a  little  while 
before  me."     We  cannot,  Mr.  Chairman,  deeply  deplore  the 
close  of  a  life  leaving  behind  it  so  pure  a  memory,  protracted, 
as  Mr.  Stevenson  has  observed,  so  far  beyond  the  appointed 
term,  and  terminating  in  a  spirit  so  truly  Christian. 

I  beg  leave  to  second  the  resolutions  which  he  has  laid  on 
the  table. 


FIFTIETH  ANNIVERSARY   OF   GRADUATION* 


Mr.  President:  — 

Having,  like  my  venerable  predecessor,  who  has  just  taken 
his  seat,  occasionally  tilled  the  field  of  Politics,  and,  like  him, 
found  it  an  exceedingly  unsatisfactory  culture,  I  have  on  for- 
mer occasions  like  this  been  honored  with  a  place  at  your 
table.  But  descended  to-day  to  these  lower  seats,  to  enjoy 
the  company  of  my  brethren  of  the  Class  of  1811,  to  whom  you 
have  kindly  alluded,  I  might  have  hoped  to  escape  the  dis- 
tinction of  being  called  on  for  a  speech,  and  to  enjoy  instead 
the  comfort  of  a  gratified  listener.  I  feel,  too,  sir,  that  I  shall 
but  respond  to  the  emotions  of  our  fellow-students  all  round 
the  hall,  if  I  say  that  the  appalling  catastrophe  which  has  so 
recently  clouded  the  social  atmosphere  of  Cambridge,  fol- 
lowed, as  it  has  been,  in  the  same  family  circle,  with  the  loss 
of  a  liberal  benefactor  and  friend,  one  of  the  most  intelligent 
and  public-spirited  of  our  citizens,  twice  fitly  decorated  with 
the  complimentary  honors  of  the  University,  is  an  event  well 
calculated  to  check  for  a  moment  the  decent  festivities  of  the 
academic  board,  and  teach  us  that  we  constantly  tread  upon 
the  verge  of  unseen  calamities,  that  turn  the  light  and  joy 
and  loveliness  of  life  into  heart-rending  agony,  and  sorrows 
that  defy  all  human  consolation.  I  must  not,  however,  in 
yielding  to  thoughts  like  these,  forbear  my  acknowledgments 
to  you  and  to  my  fellow-students  for  your  kind  notice,  nor 
omit  to  assure  you,  that,  amid  all  the  varied  scenes  of  a  some- 
what changeful  life,  there  is  no  place  where  I  feel  more 
entirely   at  home  than  within  the  walls  of  old  Harvard,  no 

*  Remarks  made  in  Harvard  Hall  on    Commencement  day,  17th  July, 
1861. 


FIFTIETH    ANNIVERSARY    OF    GRADUATION.         427 

music  that  cheers   my  ear  like  the   plaudits  she  graciously 
bestows  on  her  dutiful  children. 

I  have  another  pleasing  duty  to  perform  on  this  occasion, 
on  behalf  of  the  Class  of  1811,  which,  as  you  have  kindly 
remarked,  celebrates  this  year  the  fiftieth  anniversary  of  its 
graduation.  It  devolves  upon  me,  as  the  youngest  of  their 
number,  to  perform  the  duty,  as  incumbent  as  it  is  pleasing, 
as  we  come  together  on  this  our  jubilee,  of  assuring  you  that 
our  respect  and  affection  for  our  Alma  Mater,  instead  of  be- 
ing impaired  by  time,  have  increased  with  every  year  since 
we  were  dismissed  from  her  immediate  presence.  Most 
heartily  do  we  rejoice,  that  in  returning  to  her  venerable  halls, 
after  half  a  century,  we  find  her  in  the  enjoyment  of  a 
degree  of  prosperity  beyond  the  most  sanguine  hopes  that 
could  have  been  entertained  in  1811.  Her  endowments  five- 
fold increased  ;  her  scientific  and  literary  establishments  multi- 
plied and  augmented  more  than  in  the  whole  preceding  period 
of  her  existence ;  her  number  of  undergraduates  doubled ; 
her  standard  of  scholarship  greatly  elevated;  her  faculty 
adorned  with  names  of  her  own  children  and  those  whom 
she  has  been  proud  to  adopt,  which  would  bear  comparison 
with  those  of  any  place  of  education  in  the  world ;  while  she 
is  sending  forth,  from  time  to  time,  alumni  who  not  only 
sustain  her  character,  but  do  no  discredit  to  the  science  and 
literature  of  the  age.  We,  sir,  as  individuals,  are  advancing 
in  years;  our  ranks,  as  a  class,  are  thinning;  but,  Alma  Mater, 
we  rejoice  to  know,  is  increasing  her  numbers  and  her  intel- 
lectual treasures,  and  renewing  her  youth  with  every  succeed- 
ing lustrum.     Esto  perpetna  ! 

And  if,  sir,  without  injustice  to  the  generations  which  for 
the  two  preceding  centuries  have  gone  before  us,  we  may 
claim  for  the  science  and  literature  of  the  last  fifty  years  a 
variety  of  cultivation  and  a  rapidity  of  increase  in  the  United 
States  unknown  to  any  former  period  since  the  settlement 
of  the  continent,  I  think  that  the  sons  of  Harvard,  without 
arrogating  for  her  more  than  her  just  share  of  the  credit 
which  belongs  collectively  to  the  American  seminaries  of 
learning  for  the  result,  that  she  has  contributed  her  full  share 


428         FIFTIETH    ANNIVERSARY    OF    GRADUATION. 

to  the  literary  and  scientific  achievements  of  the  last  half-cen- 
tury. Excelling  them  all  as  she  does  in  age,  most  of  them 
by  a  long  interval,  —  cheerfully  acknowledging  among  our 
sister  colleges  and  universities,  ay,  among  some  of  the  young- 
est of  them,  institutions  which  for  the  talents  and  learning 
of  the  members  of  their  faculties,  and  their  standard  of  schol- 
arship, may  take  rank  with  their  elders,  —  our  younger  sisters 
will,  I  am  sure,  admit  that  Harvard  still  moves  with  the 
same  grace  and  dignity  as  when,  in  her  earliest  prime,  vera 
incessa  patuit  dea,  without  a  spot  upon  her  garment  or  a 
furrow  on  her  forehead. 

Indeed,  of  native  original  literature  there  was  scarce  any- 
thing sixty  years  ago.  I  do  not  of  course  mean  that  there 
was  ever  a  period  in  the  last  century  when  the  chair  which 
you,  sir,  so  ably  and  gracefully  fill  was  not  worthily  occupied ; 
never  a  time  when  there  have  not  been  accomplished  men,  in 
all  the  professions,  who  occasionally  made  very  successful, 
sometimes  very  brilliant,  literary  efforts  ;  but  scarcely  such 
a  thing  as  a  volume,  in  the  higher  walks  of  science,  literature, 
or  taste,  had  appeared  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic.  AVhat  a 
different  state  of  things  we  have  lived  to  see,  at  the  present 
time,  when  in  every  department  of  useful  and  ornamental 
science  and  literature  we  are  able  to  boast — speaking  now 
for  Harvard  alone,  but  by  no  means  intending  to  limit  the 
remark  to  her  —  of  many  names,  the  admitted  peers  of  their 
most  distinguished  European  contemporaries ;  some  that 
stand  on  the  list  of  the  few  which  belong,  not  to  any  country 
or  period,  but  to  the  republic  of  letters  and  all  time.  The 
time  would  fail  me  for  an  exhaustive  enumeration ;  but  may 
we  not,  as  sons  of  Harvard,  reflect  with  honest  pride,  that, 
out  of  eight  capital  writers  of  history  who  have  appeared  in 
the  United  States  within  the  last  half-century,  taking  them 
in  the  order  of  their  published  works,  —  Irving,  Sparks,  Pres- 
cott,  Bancroft,  Hildreth,  Godwin,  Palfrey,  and  Motley,  —  each 
with  his  characteristic  excellences,  all  of  distinguished  merit, 
some  of  classical  renown,  six  have  been  sent  from  these  halls; 
and  that  five  are  living  this  day,  —  alas  that  I  must  say  only 
five!  —  to   lay  their  well-earned  laurels   at  the   feet  of  their 


FIFTIETH    ANNIVERSARY    OF    GRADUATION.        429 

Alma  Mater?  Is  there  a  university  in  the  Old  World  or  the 
New  which  can  exhibit  a  longer  list  of  brighter  names  in  any 
department  of  literature  within  a  half  of  one  century  since 
the  revival  of  letters  ? 

Consider  too  that  these,  our  fellow-students,  are  not  all  like 
the  great  historians  of  the  United  States,  writers  who  have  ex- 
celled as  might  have  been  expected  on  domestic  scenes.  One 
of  them  —  our  admirable,  beloved,  lamented  Prescott  —  has 
treated  the  brightest  scenes,  the  grandest  characters,  the  most 
famous  events  in  the  Spanish  annals  with  a  beauty  of  style, 
a  fulness  of  research,  and  a  weight  of  authority,  which  no 
native  Spanish  historian  has  surpassed,  if  any  has  equalled  ; 
while  our  noble  Motley,  who  delights  us  with  his  company 
to-day,  has  elevated  the  history  of  the  Netherlands  into  a 
light  and  beauty  not  reflected  on  it  by  any  of  his  predeces- 
sors, though  a  Bentivoglio  and  a  Grotius  are  among  them  ; 
nay,  who  has  delineated  the  most  illustrious  sovereign  that 
ever  filled  the  throne  of  England,  and  the  most  romantic  and 
momentous  event  in  her  history,  with  a  discrimination,  an 
acuteness,  a  graphic  charm,  a  creative  power,  that  turns  the 
dead  past  into  a  living  present,  which  casts  all  former  historians 
of  that  period  into  the  shade.  Yes,  and  he  has  done  some- 
thing else.  In  his  admirable  communications  to  the  London 
"  Times,"  he  has  placed  before  the  much-misinformed  British 
public  the  true  character  of  the  great  events  now  passing 
before  us,  and  has  shown  us  that,  if  our  beloved  country 
must  have  her  Catilinarian  war,  her  Sallust  is  ready  to  relate, 
in  its  true  colors,  its  momentous  tale.  And  let  me  exhort  my 
friend  to  gird  himself  for  the  task,  not  unworthy  of  his 
accomplished  pen.  Posterity  must  not  be  misled  as  to  the 
moving  cause  of  this  unnatural  war.  He  has  done  enough 
for  Alva  and  Parma,  for  Philip  and  Elizabeth ; 

"  Enough  is  done  for  Priam's  royal  name  " : 

let  him  devote  his  rare  powers  to  rescuing  from  misrepresen- 
tation this  all-important  epoch  in  the  history  of  his  native 
land.  And  let  him  bear  in  mind,  as  he  engages  in  the  task, 
that  there  is  on  earth  no  tribunal  so  solemn,  no  magistracy 


430        FIFTIETH    ANNIVERSARY    OF    GRADUATION. 

so  severe,  no  court  so  terrible,  as  that  which  drags  guilty  fac- 
tions to  the  bar  of  public  opinion,  which  strips  off  the  thin 
disguise  of  ambitious  demagogues,  and  which  dooms  the 
traitor  that  dared  aim  a  parricidal  blow  at  his  country's 
heart,  to  that  historical  infamy,  compared  with  which,  in  the 
estimation  of  every  generous  spirit,  the  pillory  is  a  post  of 
honor  and  the  rack  a  bed  of  roses. 

Mr.  President,  I  will  trespass  no  longer ;  but  in  taking 
my  seat,  I  will  express  the  hope,  that  he  who  shall  stand 
where  I  do  fifty  years  hence,  and  such  a  one  is  doubtless 
present,  may  have  as  much  cause  to  congratulate  our  Alma 
Mater  on  her  continued,  her  increasing  prosperity  as  we  of 
1811. 


THE  TWELFTH  MASSACHUSETTS   REGIMENT.* 


Colonel   Webster  :  — 

Our  friend  Mr.  Dehon,  to  whom  the  pleasing  duty  of  this 
day  had  been  assigned,  having  been  compelled  by  a  domestic 
bereavement  to  forego  its  performance,  it  has  by  his  particu- 
lar request  devolved  upon  me.  I  regret,  in  common  with 
you  all,  that  this  duty  could  not  be  discharged  by  one  who 
has  watched  the  formation  and  progress  of  your  corps  with 
such  friendly  solicitude,  from  its  first  organization  to  the 
present  hour.  On  his  behalf  I  beg  to  assure  you,  that  this 
interest  and  that  of  the  other  friends  of  the  regiment,  will 
remain  undiminished  after  your  departure,  will  follow  you 
to  the  field  of  duty ;  and,  that  duty  strenuously,  bravely  per- 
formed, as  I  know  it  will  be,  will  delight  to  welcome  you 
home. 

I  need  not  tell  you  that  no  ordinary  degree  of  public  expec- 
tation goes  with  you  to  the  scene  of  war.  Competent  judges 
have  pronounced  most  favorably  of  the  materials  of  which 
your  regiment  is  composed,  of  the  spirit  of  discipline  which 
pervades  your  ranks,  of  the  patriotic  zeal  which  animates 
your  brother  officers,  of  the  manly  sense  of  responsibility 
exhibited  by  yourself.  I  have  been  informed  especially  by 
Colonel  Fessenden,  who  has  taken  so  active  an  interest  in 
the  regiment,  that  its  condition,  officers  and  men,  is  in  all 
respects  highly  satisfactory,  and  such  as  cannot  fail  to  do 
credit  to  the  service.  As  far  as  we  can  judge  from  its 
appearance   at  this  time,  these  favorable  representations  are 

*  Remarks  at  the  presentation  of  colors  to  the  Webster  Regiment  (Twelfth 
Massachusetts  Volunteers),  on  Boston  Common,  19th  July,  1861. 


432       THE    TWELFTH    MASSACHUSETTS    REGIMENT. 

fully  merited.  "We  sympathize  with  you,  sir  ;  we  know  that 
no  ordinary  sacrifice  of  time  and  labor  will  be  needed  on 
your  part  to  fulfil  the  hopes  of  your  friends  and  the  demands 
of  the  public ;  but  let  the  shadow  of  that  great  name  which 
you  bear  —  magnis  nominis  umbra  —  be,  under  Divine  Provi- 
dence, like  the  pillar  of  cloud  which  guided  the  chosen  peo- 
ple, and  lead  and  cheer  you  in  the  arduous  pathway  of  duty. 

You  are  entering,  sir,  with  your  patriotic  associates,  upon 
an  untried  field  of  duty,  but  you  are  descended  from  a  stock 
which,  in  more  than  one  generation,  teaches  lessons  of  loyal 
devotion.  Your  grandfather,  Captain  Ebenezer  Webster,  a 
grave  and  thoughtful  man,  was  one  of  those  frontier  rangers 
who  bore  the  brunt  of  the  Seven  Years'  War,  in  the  wilderness 
which  separated  our  then  feeble  settlements  from  Canada, 
and  he  stood  with  Stark  at  Bennington  ;  your  noble  father, 
in  defence  of  the  menaced  Constitution  of  his  country,  led 
the  mighty  conflicts  of  the  Senate,  not  less  decisive  than  the 
conflicts  of  the  field;  your  only  brother,  following  the  im- 
pulses of  a  generous  ambition,  left  his  young  life  on  the 
sickly  plains  of  Mexico.  On  the  family  that  bears  these 
proud  memories,  nothing  less  worthy  than  duty  well  per- 
formed, danger  bravely  met,  and  the  country  honorably 
served,  will  ever,  I  am  confident,  be  inscribed  in  connection 
with  your  name. 

It  is  with  no  ordinary  feelings  of  satisfaction  that,  on  be- 
half of  the  patriotic  ladies  who  take  a  friendly  interest  in  the 
regiment,  I  now  present  you  this  beautiful  banner,  well  as- 
sured that  you  and  all  in  your  command  will  regard  it  with 
grateful  interest,  as  a  token  of  their  kind  wishes  and  a  pledge 
of  their  sympathy  ;  and  that  you  will  look  upon  it  with  pa- 
triotic reverence  as  the  symbol  of  the  Union,  the  emblem  of 
the  cause  you  defend,  and  the  country  you  serve. 

It  bears  upon  its  field  as  a  motto,  from  that  immortal 
speech  of  your  father,  the  soul-stirring  words,  "  Not  a  stripe 
erased  or  polluted,  not  a  single  star  obscured."  It  is  to  main- 
tain their  high  significance  that  the  contest  in  which  you  are 
embarking  is  waged.  Those  emblems  of  our  Union,  I  need 
not  tell  you,  were  first  displayed  in  the  camp  of  Washington, 


THE    TWELFTH    MASSACHUSETTS    REGIMENT.       433 

on  yonder  opposite  shore,  on  the  1st  of  January,  1776.  They 
have  been  borne  by  the  armies  of  the  United  States  against  a 
foreign  enemy  on  hard-fought  fields,  from  the  snows  of  Can- 
ada to  the  burning  plains  of  Mexico ;  with  our  navies  they 
have  encircled  the  globe.  They  are  now  displayed  in  defence 
of  the  Union  itself,  in  this  most  unrighteous  and  fratricidal 
war;  and,  like  the  holy  symbol  which  the  first  Christian  Em- 
peror saw  in  the  heavens,  they  shall  marshal  its  defenders  to 
victory. 

Your  noble  father,  sir,  with  prophetic  foresight,  uttered 
these  solemn  words  :  "  There  can  be  no  such  thing  as  peace- 
ful secession."  Your  country  calls  you  to  discharge  your 
part  in  the  duty,  as  imperative  as  it  is  sad,  which  that  prin- 
ciple devolves  on  all  good  citizens,  each  in  his  appropriate 
sphere.  You  would  gladly  have  avoided  —  we  shoald  all 
gladly  have  avoided  —  the  stern  necessity  "which  it  laid  upon 
us.  We  spoke  the  words  of  conciliation  and  peace,  till  they 
inspired  nothing  but  contempt,  and  invited  even  new  exac- 
tions on  the  part  of  our  brethren  to  whom  they  were  ad- 
dressed ;  and  it  was  not  until  they  themselves  had  cried, 
"Havoc!"  and  let  slip  the  dogs  of  war,  that  the  outraged 
spirit  of  a  loyal  people  was  roused  to  a  tardy  resistance.  Not 
upon  us  the  dread  responsibility  of  the  unnatural  conflict. 

Go  then,  sir,  go,  my  young  friends  all,  to  the  field  of 
honor  and  duty.  Place  yourselves  cheerfully,  zealously, 
wherever  the  orders  of  your  noble  leader  —  our  matchless 
Commander-in-Chief — shall  summon  you.  Deem  your- 
selves above  all  things  fortunate  that  you  are  to  serve  un- 
der the  supreme  command  of  a  chieftain  as  wise  and  pru- 
dent as  he  is  skilful  and  brave ;  who  has  the  fortitude  to 
resist  the  ardor  with  which  an  impatient  country  is  pressing 
for  the  bloody  arbitrament  of  battle,  and  who  deems  it  the 
greatest  of  victories  to  spare  the  lives  of  his  own  gallant  men. 
Honored  alone  of  all  our  meritorious  officers  with  the  title 
and  rank  conferred  but  once  before,  and  then  on  the  Father 
of  his  Country,  Lieutenant-General  Scott  remembers  how 
Washington  lay  seemingly  inactive  for  nine  long  months 
within  the  lines  (of  which  on  yonder  heights  you  still  see  the 
vol.  iv.  28 


43-1       THE    TWELFTH    MASSACHUSETTS    REGIMENT. 

remains)  which  encircled  Boston,  from  which  he  allowed  at 
last  the  enemy  to  depart  without  the  loss  of  a  man.  He  re- 
members that  the  Campaign  of  1779  and  1780  passed  with- 
out a  blow  struck  by  the  force  under  General  Washington, 
and  that  after  the  power  of  the  enemy  was  broken  and  the 
war  virtually  ended  by  the  surrender  of  Cornwallis  in  1781, 
still  for  two  years  it  was  allowed  to  linger,  and  the  hostile 
army  remained  undisturbed  in  his  stronghold  at  New  York. 
General  Scott  remembers  this,  and  he  knows  that  it  was  pre- 
cisely these  Fabian  delays,  this  courageous  deliberation, 
by  which  alone  the  Revolution  could  have  been  conducted  to 
a  triumphant  issue. 

And  now,  sir,  on  behalf  of  the  friends  of  the  regiment,  on 
behalf  of  this  favoring  and  sympathizing  multitude,  I  bid 
you,  with  your  officers  and  men,  God  speed  !  The  best 
wishes  of  those  you  leave  behind  will  bear  you  company. 
The  memories  of  Lexington  and  Concord  and  Bunker  Hill 
will  hover  round  your  march.  The  example  of  the  Massa- 
chusetts troops  who  have  preceded  you  will  kindle  your  emu- 
lation. Let  the  fair  banner  I  now  confide  to  you  be  seen  in 
the  front  of  the  battle.  When  it  returns,  in  God's  good 
time,  with  your  regiment,  it  may  come  back  torn  and  faded  ; 
but  it  will  not,  it  shall  not,  return  disgraced.  Dust  and  blood 
may  stain  it,  —  the  iron  hail  of  battle  may  mar  its  beautiful 
blazonry,  —  it  may  hang  in  honorable  tatters  from  its  staff, 
—  but  loyalty  and  patriotism  shall  cling  to  its  last  shred; 
treachery  shall  blast  it  never,  never,  never  ! 


AGRICULTURE  AS   AFFECTED   BY  THE  WAR* 


Fellow-Citizens  of  Adams,  Rodman,  and  Loraine  :  — 

It  gives  me  pleasure  to  exchange  a  friendly  greeting  with 
you  at  your  rural  festival,  at  this  delightful  season  of  the  year. 
If  there  ever  is  a  time  when  our  hearts  should  overflow  with 
kind  feeling  toward  each  other,  as  well  as  with  gratitude  to- 
ward Heaven,  it  must  be  when  Providence  is  paying  back,  with 
the  large  usury  of  harvest,  what  you  hopefully  committed  to 
its  trust  in  seed-time.  Another  year  in  the  farmer's  calendar 
is  now  brought  to  its  close.  Since  you  last  met  together  at 
this  annual  festival,  the  Earth,  besides  performing  its  daily 
revolutions,  has  wheeled  round  the  vast  circuit  of  the  Heav- 
ens;  the  sere  and  yellow  leaf  has  fallen  in  the  forest;  Decem- 
ber's sun  has  shot  his  slanting,  ineffectual  ray  across  the 
ice-clad  plains  ;  the  fields  have  slept  beneath  their  fertilizing 
shroud  of  snow ;  reviving  Nature  has  started  up  at  the  ani- 
mating touch  of  Spring  ;  new  life  has  kindled  in  the  thousand 
channels  of  vegetation ;  the  genial  furrow  has  received  the 
deposit  which  you  confided  to  its  faithful  bosom ;  gentle 
showers  and  fervid  suns  have  consummated  the  sacred  mys- 
tery of  reproductive  growth ;  your  flocks  and  your  herds 
have  given  their  increase ;  and  you  are  now  met  together  to 
rejoice  over  the  abundance  of  the  year.  Mute  Nature  arrays 
herself  in  gladness  to  welcome  you.  The  sun  restores  to  us 
his  grateful  beams  after  the  rains  of  yesterday.  The  Great 
Parent  is  clothing  the  grove  and  the  forest,  even  as  Jacob 
clothed  one   of  his  youngest  born  and  dearest  loved,  with  a 

*  An  address  delivered  before  the  Union  Agricultural  Society  of  Adams, 
Rodman,  and  Loraine,  Jefferson  County,  New  York,  12th  September,  1861. 


436   AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR. 

coat  of  many  colors;  the  lowing  herd,  the  bleating  flock, join 
their  voices  in  the  cheering  concert  of  harvest  home,  and  all 
around  speaks  of  labor  rewarded,  of  hopes  fulfilled,  of  plenty, 
of  content. 

One  sad,  dark  spot  alone  clouds  the  brightness  of  the  hour. 
From  a  state  of  prosperity,  public  and  private,  probably 
never  surpassed,  on  so  large  a  scale,  in  the  history  of  the 
world,  the  country  has  been  plunged  in  a  few  short  months 
into  a  condition  but  too  well  calculated  to  arrest  our  atten- 
tion and  turn  away  our  thoughts  from  the  blessings  that  sur- 
round us  to  the  great  struggle  in  which  we  are  engaged. 
For  the  first  time  in  our  history,  we  find  ourselves  involved  in 
the  greatest  political  calamity  which  can  befall  a  country,  — 
a  civil  war,  and  that  war  rapidly  assuming  gigantic  dimen- 
sions. When  you  last  held  this  rural  festival,  we  were  in  pro- 
found peace  at  home  and  abroad ;  blessed  by  a  government 
of  our  choice,  the  mildest,  the  most  beneficent,  the  least  felt, 
except  in  the  blessings  which  it  secured  to  every  part  of  the 
country  and  to  every  class  of  its  citizens,  ever  known ;  in  the 
enjoyment  as  a  people  of  a  degree  of  prosperity  rarely 
vouchsafed  by  Providence  to  the  families  of  men,  and  which 
was  annually  attracting  to  our  shores  an  emigration  altogether 
unexampled,  from  the  oldest  and  best  governed  states  of 
Europe.  From  this  happy  condition  we  have  all  at  once,  to 
gratify  the  ambition  of  a  few  disappointed  political  leaders  (I 
do  but  repeat  the  words  of  the  second  officer  of  the  Southern 
Confederacy),  been  precipitated  into  the  trials,  the  dangers, 
the  sacrifices,  and  the  sufferings  of  a  deadly  contest  with  our 
misguided  brethren.  The  suicidal  attempt  is  making,  not  by 
a  foreign  enemy,  not  by  rival  Powers  looking  with  jealousy 
on  our  rising  greatness,  but  by  our  own  fellow-citizens,  to 
shatter  this  admirably  compacted  system  of  national  and 
State  government,  a  miracle  of  political  wisdom,  devised  by 
some  of  the  wisest  and  best  men  that  ever  lived  ;  to  rend 
that  sacred  bond,  the  main  source  under  Providence  of  our 
prosperity,  the  great  result  of  the  Revolutionary  struggle ; 
and,  besides  all  the  present  innumerable  evils  of  the  fratrici- 
dal contest,  to  break  up  the  American  People  into  feeble  and 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   437 

hostile  fragments  ;  to  annihilate  our  influence  in  the  family 
of  nations  ;  to  sow  the  seeds  of  eternal  border  wars  ;  and,  in- 
stead of  a  "  Perpetual  Union,"  the  rich  inheritance  which  we 
received  from  our  fathers,  to  hand  down  to  our  posterity  a 
miserable  and  ephemeral  partnership,  subject  to  be  still  fur- 
ther broken  up  at  will  by  any  and  every  member. 

However  painful  the  necessity,  it  is  unavoidable  that  such 
a  state  of  things  should  greatly  preoccupy  the  public  mind, 
and  turn  away  the  thoughts  of  men  from  other  and  more 
gratifying  subjects  of  contemplation.  The  causes  remote 
and  immediate, — the  present  aspects  and  the  future  of  the 
tremendous  struggle,  its  influence  on  the  great  interests  of  the 
community,  its  financial  bearings,  its  effects  on  our  foreign 
relations,  the  unaccustomed  legislation  forced  upon  the  coun- 
try by  a  state  of  war,  the  military  and  naval  operations,  the 
rally  of  our  patriotic  fellow-citizens  to  the  support  of  the 
government,  the  vicissitudes  of  the  field,  all  brought  home  to 
us  by  the  intense  activity  of  the  press,  —  these  are  subjects 
which  necessarily  furnish  the  daily  food  of  thought,  for  the 
social  interchange  of  opinion,  for  profound  and  anxious 
reflection,  almost  to  the  exclusion  of  ordinary  avocations  ; 
and  to  such  an  extent  as  to  render  every  other  subject,  how- 
ever interesting  in  itself,  a  matter  of  indifference. 

Deeply  impressed,  warmly  sympathizing,  with  these  feel- 
ings, it  is  not  without  hesitation  that  I  have  accepted 
your  invitation.  Obvious  propriety  requires  that,  at  the 
husbandmen's  festival,  Agriculture,  in  some  of  its  relations 
at  least,  should  form  a  principal  topic  of  address.  At  the 
same  time  I  have  been  apprehensive  that  a  discourse  on  any 
other  subject  than  the  present  state  of  the  country  must  be 
comparatively  uninteresting.  I  have  considered,  however, 
that,  in  the  present  condition  of  things,  it  is  highly  important 
to  keep  the  unavoidable  derangement  of  the  peaceful  opera- 
tions of  society  within  the  narrowest  possible  limits.  Noth- 
ing will  contribute  more  to  the  success  of  the  struggle,  noth- 
ing do  more  to  alleviate  its  severity  while  it  lasts,  and  lead  to 
its  speedy  and  auspicious  termination,  than  that  the  great 
cardinal  pursuits  of  the   country  should,  as  far  as  a  state  of 


438       AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

war  admits,  —  commerce,  manufactures,  the  mechanic  arts, 
and  especially  Agriculture,  which,  under  Providence,  feeds 
them  all,  —  be  carried  on  with  undiminished  activity,  thus 
keepino-  up  the  great  circulations  that  sustain  the  national 
life,  and,  what  is  of  the  last  importance,  protecting  the  public 
mind  from  the  excitements  and  anxieties  too  apt  to  attend  a 
great  revulsion  in  the  condition  of  a  country.  For  these 
reasons  you  do  well,  my  friends,  to  hold  your  annual  public 
festival  at  the  ingathering  of  the  harvest,  and  not  to  per- 
mit the  violent  and  lawless  assault  upon  the  government  and 
Constitution  of  the  country,  which,  after  long  distracting  the 
councils  of  the  Union,  has  at  length  been  transferred  to  the 
battle-field,  to  make  you  insensible  to  the  bounties  of  Provi- 
dence or  regardless  of  the  blessings  and  the  duties  of  your 
occupation  as  husbandmen. 

I  have  intimated  that  it  was  a  matter  of  special  impor- 
tance, in  the  present  state  of  the  country,  that  Agriculture 
should  receive  its  accustomed  share  of  the  public  attention, 
for  the  very  good  reason,  that,  besides  the  ordinary  demands 
for  agricultural  produce,  there  will,  while  the  war  lasts,  be 
superadded  that  of  furnishing  food  to  the  thousands  and  tens 
of    thousands  enlisted  in   the   army.     The    consumption   of 
these  great  bodies  of  men,  owing  to  the  waste  unavoidably 
incident  to  the  camp  and  the  field,  is  far  greater  than  that  of 
the  same  number  living  quietly  at  home,  and  able  to  practise 
those  little  domestic  economies,  in  the  care  and  preparation 
of  food,  which  are  wholly  out  of  the  question  in  a  barrack  or 
a  tent.     At  the  same  time  it  might  seem  at  first,  that  the  pro- 
ductive force   of  the  agricultural  community  must  be  seri- 
ously diminished  by  the  absence  of  large  numbers   of  our 
patriotic  yeomanry,  who  have  hastened  to  the  field.     Many  a 
stout   hand,  which  last  year  guided  the  plough  through  the 
cornfield,  now  plies  the  intrenching  tool  or  grasps  the  rifle, 
on  the  banks  of  the  Potomac  or  the  Mississippi ;  many  a  hardy 
frame,  which  a  twelvemonth  since  lay  down  at  night  in  a 
peaceful  home,  to  well-earned  repose  after  the  labors  of  the 
day,  now  keeps  midnight  watch  on  solitary  outposts  in  the 
passes  of  the  Alleghanies,  or  walks  the  rounds  on  the  ram- 
parts of  the  Capital. 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   489 

Although  this  increased  demand  for  agricultural  produce 
for  consumption,  coupled  with  a  diminished  application  of 
productive  labor,  might  seem  to  threaten  a  deficient  supply, 
a  moment's  reflection  will  show  that  any  such  apprehension 
is  groundless.  In  the  first  place,  of  the  kindly  fruits  of  the 
earth  there  is  almost  always,  not  only  enough,  but  largely 
to  spare.  Providence  does  not  weigh  out  our  rations  in  the 
scales  of  a  strict  commissariat.  The  crops  of  the  present 
year  have  been,  in  almost  every  part  of  the  country,  far  be- 
yond the  average.  So  vast  is  the  extent  of  our  territory  and 
the  variety  of  our  climate,  that  a  year  of  general  scarcity  is 
of  very  rare  occurrence,  and  except  in  a  year  of  general  scar- 
city, there  is  always  enough,  not  merely  for  ourselves,  but  for 
a  large  exportation.  There  is  a  probability  that  the  present 
year,  besides  feeding  our  own  armies,  we  shall  be  called  upon 
to  contribute  largely  to  feed  those  of  France  and  Italy,  and 
there  is  not  the  slightest  fear  that  the  call  will  not  be  easily 
met,  and  largely  to  our  advantage.  Within  the  last  ten 
years  there  have  been  seasons,  when  two  or  three  hundred 
thousands  of  emigrants  have  been  thrown  into  this  country, 
without  producing  the  slightest  pressure  on  the  market  for 
food.  With  respect  to  the  withdrawal  of  labor  from  agricul- 
ture to  the  military  service  of  the  country,  it  must  be  borne 
in  mind,  that  a  part  only  of  our  patriotic  soldiery  are  farmers. 
All  the  other  occupations  —  trade,  the  professions,  the  me- 
chanical pursuits,  manufactures,  the  fisheries  —  are  represent- 
ed in  our  armies,  as  well  as  our  husbandmen.  It  is  not  prob- 
able that  more  than  a  fourth  part  of  the  troops  have  been 
withdrawn  from  agricultural  pursuits.  The  chasm  produced 
in  farm  labor,  if  I  am  rightly  informed,  is  so  small  as  to  be 
immediately  filled  up  by  the  floating  population  of  the  coun- 
try, without  the  slightest  sensible  drain  upon  the  other  call- 
ings. 

On  the  contrary,  those  branches  of  manufactures  and  trade 
which  suffer  by  the  war  will  furnish  an  ample  supply  of 
hands,  if  they  are  wanted,  to  fill  up  a  deficiency  of  agricultu- 
ral labor.  If  it  should  be  the  effect  of  the  present  state  of 
things  in  the  great  commercial  capitals  to  lessen  the  inclina- 


440        AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

tion  of  our  young  men  to  abandon  the  country  for  the  town  ; 
if  the  falling  off  in  some  branches  of  trade  and  manufactures 
should  lead  more  of  the  rising  generation  to  turn  their 
thoughts  to  that  great  agricultural  interest,  which  lies  at  the 
very  basis  of  the  social  system  ;  if  they  should  find  out  that  a 
stout  broad  hand,  bronzed  by  sunshine  and  hardened  by  toil, 
becomes  a  generous  manhood  as  well  as  one  covered  with  a 
white  kid  glove  and  mainly  employed  in  twirling  an  ivory- 
headed  walking-stick,  that  a  hoe  and  a  spade,  in  their 
place,  are  as  respectable  as  the  measuring-tape  or  the  pocket- 
scissors, —  the  country  would  gain  by  the  discovery.  I  intend, 
however,  no  disparaging  comparison  between  the  different 
pursuits  in  the  community,  where  all  in  their  places  are  hon- 
orable and  praiseworthy  ;  though  I  own  I  think  there  has 
been  an  unwholesome  preference  of  town  life.  This  has 
taken  place,  no  doubt,  under  the  influence  of  the  mistaken 
opinion,  that  the  path  to  certain  riches  lies  in  that  direction  ; 
whereas  careful  observation  has  established  the  fact,  that  the 
highest  prizes  in  trade  are  extremely  few,  and  that  the  great 
majority  of  young  men,  who  leave  their  rural  homes  to  en- 
gage in  what  are  called  "  business "  pursuits,  draw  nothing 
but  blanks  in  that  lottery. 

But  though  there  is  not  the  least  reason  to  apprehend  any 
scarcity,  as  the  result  of  the  causes  alluded  to,  the  effort  to 
improve  our  agriculture  must  never  be  lost  sight  of.  This  is 
the  great  object,  gentlemen,  for  which  your  Society,  in  com- 
mon with  others  of  the  same  character,  was  instituted,  and 
toward  which  the  thoughts  of  the  intelligent  husbandman 
should  be  steadily  turned.  It  has,  I  think,  generally  been  the 
reproach  of  our  farmers,  that  they  are  too  much  inclined  to 
persevere  in  the  old  routine,  and,  through  jealousy  of  what  is 
called  book-farming,  neglect  to  avail  themselves  of  the  light 
which  science  and  skilful  experiment  have  thrown  upon  many 
of  the  operations  of  husbandry.  I  am  disposed,  however,  to 
think  that  this  reproach,  though  not  without  foundation,  has 
been  carried  too  far.  First  experiments  in  all  departments 
of  art  and  industry  generally  fail.  The  mass  of  our  farmers 
have  no  capital  nor  surplus  labor  to  spare  for  doubtful  ex- 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   441 

periments,  and  it  is  in  the  nature  of  things  that  important 
changes,  in  that  which  has  existed  from  time  immemorial, 
should  be  gradually  and  cautiously  made,  and  somewhat 
timidly  admitted,  by  those  who  cannot  afford  to  put  much  at 
risk.  In  the  mean  time,  by  the  agency  of  agricultural  news- 
papers and  larger  journals,  through  the  reports  of  boards  of 
agriculture  and  other  official  publications,  and  by  the  aid  of 
meetings  like  the  present,  much  practical  information  has 
been  and  constantly  is  disseminated  in  our  farming  com- 
munity. I  appeal  to  you,  gentlemen,  whose  recollection 
covers  a  period  of  twenty  or  thirty  years,  that  within  your 
observation  a  corresponding  improvement  has  taken  place  in 
almost  every  branch  of  husbandry,  —  the  artificial  enrich- 
ment of  the  soil,  the  introduction  of  choicer  varieties  of  the 
principal  vegetable  products,  of  superior  breeds  of  the  do- 
mestic animals,  —  horses,  cows,  sheep,  and  swine,  —  in  many 
of  the  implements  for  tilling  and  reaping  the  soil,  and  in 
several  agricultural  operations,  such  as  subsoil  ploughing 
and  draining.  In  these,  and  several  other  particulars,  there 
is  no  doubt  that  Swift's  proverbial  and  often-quoted  test  of  a 
public  benefactor,  that  of  making  two  blades  of  grass  grow 
where  only  one  grew  before,  has  been  much  more  than  real- 
ized in  many  departments  of  our  modern  agriculture. 

That  more  has  not  been  done  in  this  way  is  by  no  means 
to  be  ascribed  wholly  to  a  want  of  knowledge  or  enterprise 
on  the  part  of  our  farmers.  In  a  new  country,  where  fertile 
land  is  abundant  and  cheap,  and  labor  scarce  and  dear,  there 
is  of  necessity  a  question  of  economy  between  them,  and  the 
natural  tendency  is  rather  to  large  farms  with  smaller  prod- 
uct to  the  acre,  than  to  more  skilful  husbandry  on  smaller 
farms.  In  some  of  the  Western  States,  I  have  been  in- 
formed, that  there  are  grazing  farms  consisting  of  an  entire 
township,  purchased  from  the  government  at  a  dollar  and  a 
quarter  per  acre.  The  same  number  of  cattle  could  of 
course  be  raised  on  a  much  smaller  space,  but  the  expense 
of  fencing,  shelter,  attendance,  and  forage  might  outweigh 
the  saving  in  the  cost  of  the  land.  The  average  yield  of 
wheat  varies  greatly  in  different  parts   of  our  country.     In 


442        AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

the  State  of  Ohio,  which  produces  one  fifth  of  the  whole 
amount,  the  average  yield,  as  I  learn  from  Mr.  Flint,  the 
intelligent  Secretary  of  the  Massachusetts  Board  of  Agricul- 
ture, is  fifteen  bushels  to  the  acre.  In  some  parts  of  this 
State  the  average  yield  is  greater,  and  in  others  much  less, 
and  that  too  on  lands  formerly  yielding  twenty  bushels  the 
acre.  The  average  yield  in  England  is,  according  to  Mr. 
Colman,  usually  stated  at  twenty-six  bushels  the  acre  (which 
is  perhaps  about  the  average  of  Western  New  York) ,  though 
he  adds,  that  under  good  cultivation  he  has  rarely  found  it 
less  than  thirty-two.  The  difference  is  certainly  great  be- 
tween an  average  of  fifteen  and  one  of  thirty-two,  but  it 
does  not  follow  that,  in  the  State  of  Ohio,  it  would  be  good 
economy  to  try  to  get  an  average  of  thirty-two  bushels.  Mr. 
Colman  goes  on  to  remark,  that  he  has  frequently  found  the 
yield  in  England  to  be  sixty  bushels  per  acre  ;  and  there  was 
a  well-known  instance  in  the  county  of  Norfolk  in  1S44  -  45, 
where  ninety  bushels  and  three  pecks  were  produced  upon 
an  acre.  The  distinguished  Secretary  of  the  State  Agricul- 
tural Society  of  New  York  (Colonel  Johnston),  who  honors 
us  with  his  presence  on  this  platform,  informs  me  that  crops 
of  forty,  fifty,  and  even  sixty  bushels  per  acre  are  not  very 
unusual  on  the  best  cultivated  lands  in  Western  New  York, 
in  years  free  from  the  ravages  of  the  insect  and  other  casual- 
ties. Any  attempt,  however,  even  in  England,  where  capital 
is  abundant  and  labor  cheap,  to  raise  the  average  product  of 
the  kingdom  to  ninety-three  or  even  to  sixty  bushels  per  acre 
would  probably  prove  an  expensive  failure. 

But  although  systems  and  methods  of  agriculture  adapted 
to  old  countries,  where  land  is  dear  and  labor  cheap,  cannot 
always  be  imitated  here,  where  precisely  the  opposite  state 
of  things  exists,  yet  there  is  no  doubt  that  our  agriculture, 
taking  the  country  through,  admits  of  great  and  rapid  im- 
provement, to  be  followed  by  an  immediate  and  proportionate 
increase  of  productiveness,  and  this  without  withdrawing  la- 
bor from  any  of  the  other  great  pursuits.  In  this  respect,  as 
it  seems  to  me,  husbandry  differs  from  the  other  leading  occu- 
pations, such  as  commerce  and  manufactures.     These  occu- 


AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR.       443 

pations  are,  I  suppose,  at  present  carried  on  as  advantage- 
ously as  they  can  be,  in  the  present  state  of  the  arts.  If 
anybody  should  say  to  a  merchant  or  manufacturer,  it  is  in 
your  power,  without  any  increase  of  capital,  to  render  your 
business  twice  as  productive  as  it  now  is,  —  to  turn  off  twice 
as  many  yards  of  cloth  from  your  looms,  twice  as  many  tons 
of  iron  from  your  forges,  twice  as  many  vessels  from  your 
shipyards,  as  you  now  do, — it  would  be  considered  an  idle 
and  extravagant  suggestion.  All  that  these  pursuits,  gener- 
ally speaking,  admit  is  a  steady  and  gradual  improvement, 
with  the  advancement  of  the  arts  and  the  acquisition  of 
skill ;  not  of  course  meaning  that  great  revolutions  may  not 
sometimes  take  place  in  these,  as  in  all  other  branches  of 
industry,  by  important  discoveries  and  inventions,  such  as 
those  of  the  steam-engine,  the  machinery  for  spinning  and 
weaving,  and  steam  navigation.  But  such  at  present  is  the 
state  of  agriculture  in  this  country,  —  there  is  so  much  land 
of  which  the  fertility  might  be  indefinitely  increased  by  judi- 
cious treatment,  so  much  waste  of  the  materials  for  enriching 
the  soil ;  so  much  neglect,  in  a  word,  to  employ  in  the  best 
manner  the  principles  and  elements  of  the  physical  world, 
which  work  together  to  produce  the  kindly  fruits  of  the  earth 
in  their  season,  that,  I  believe  you  intelligent  farmers  will 
agree  with  me,  that,  taking  the  United  States  as  a  whole,  the 
sum  total  of  its  agricultural  products  might  be  doubled.  Of 
course  there  are  many  farms  skilfully  handled,  in  all  parts  of 
the  country,  but  these  are  the  exception.  I  am  inclined  to 
think,  without  pretending  to  much  personal  observation,  that, 
taking  the  country  through,  our  husbandry,  either  from  obsti- 
nate or  indolent  adherence  to  routine,  want  of  knowledge  of 
the  true  principles  of  agriculture  in  what  relates  to  soil,  crops, 
and  animals,  and  especially  from  ignorance  of  the  recent  dis- 
coveries and  improvements  in  all  these  departments,  and  I 
fear  I  must  add  two  other  wants,  namely,  want  of  system 
and  want  of  energy,  on  the  part  of  many  of  our  farmers,  is 
not  at  this  moment  half  as  productive  as  it  might  be.  In 
other  words,  that  it  would  be  physically  and  morally  possible, 
in  the  course  of  a  very  few  years,  to  double  the  aggregate  of 


444       AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

almost  every  agricultural  product ;  that  is,  taking  the  country 
through,  not  only  to  make  two  blades  of  grass  grow  where 
one  grew  before,  but  two  bushels  of  wheat,  Indian  corn,  and 
the  other  cereals ;  two  pounds  of  wool,  flax,  butter,  and 
cheese ;  two  head  of  cattle  of  every  kind ;  in  short,  two  of 
every  article  of  agricultural  wealth  for  every  one  produced  at 
present.  How  much  the  gain  would  amount  to  in  money  it 
is  very  difficult  accurately  to  compute.  It  is  a  moderate  cal- 
culation to  say  that  it  would  be  an  addition  of  two  thousand 
millions  of  dollars  to  the  annual  product  of  our  agriculture. 

If  I  am  asked  how  this  great  change  is  to  be  effected,  the 
answer  is  obvious.  As  far  as  the  difficulty  consists  in  want 
of  knowledge,  the  means  of  procuring  the  knowledge  must  be 
multiplied  and  brought  within  the  reach  of  the  masses  by  in- 
telligent and  public-spirited  individuals,  by  whom  it  is  pos- 
sessed, through  the  medium  of  agricultural  journals  and  other 
publications.  The  State  can  do  and  is  doing  much  by  boards 
of  agriculture,  and  in  your  Empire  State  much  may  be  ex- 
pected from  the  Agricultural  College  at  Ovid,  which,  though 
in  its  infancy,  is,  as  I  understand  from  Colonel  Johnston, 
making  hopeful  progress.*  Much  good  can  be  effected  by 
enlightened  and  patriotic  individuals  by  setting  examples  of 
judicious  husbandry  in  their  several  neighborhoods.  A  well- 
conducted  farm  in  a  country  town,  with  everything  for  utility 
and  convenience,  and  nothing  for  ostentatious  show,  is  it- 
self an  agricultural  college,  where  the  whole  community  is 
taught  without  expense  to  themselves  or  to  the  State.  As  for 
system,  it  must  be  acquired  by  our  farmers,  as  it  is  by  every 
other  class  of  the  community,  by  regular  instruction  and 
training,  when  circumstances  admit;  by  observation  and  ex- 
perience of  its  benefits  and  the  inconvenience  and  loss  result- 
ing from  its  neglect;  while,  in  order  to  inspire  our  farmers 
with  the  self-respect  which  is  requisite  to  success  in  every 
pursuit,  they  must  receive  from  the  community  at  large, 
through  all  the  organs  by  which  public  opinion  is  formed  and 
expressed,  that  countenance    and    encouragement  which  is 

*  Annual  Report  of  the  State  Agricultural  Society,  transmitted  to  the 
Legislature,  17th  January,  1861. 


AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR.       445 

due  to  a  pursuit  so  closely  interwoven  with  the  public  welfare. 
If,  for  instance,  at  our  elections,  the  people  would  let  the  talk- 
ing and  the  trading  politicians  step  aside,  and  select  for  their 
representative  in  the  State  Assembly  or  in  Congress,  not  the 
most  active  electioneerer  at  primary  meetings  or  the  most 
fluent  talker  at  conventions,  but  the  citizen  who  had  shown 
the  greatest  industry,  energy,  good  judgment,  and  skill  in  the 
management  of  his  farm,  and  the  most  unswerving  integ- 
rity in  all  the  intercourse  of  life,  the  public  would  be  better 
served,  and  the  calling  of  the  husbandman  raised  in  public 
estimation. 

But  if  we  wish,  my  friends,  to  establish  by  one  bright  ex- 
ample the  dignity  of  the  farmer's  calling,  I  would  remind  you 
that  the  man  who  stands  alone  in  the  respect  and  affection 
of  his  countrymen,  the  consummate  chieftain,  statesman,  and 
patriot,  was  a  not  less  consummate  farmer.  Inheriting  from 
his  older  brother  the  estate  of  Mount  Vernon,  he  made  con- 
siderable additions  to  it  by  purchase,  so  that  at  the  time  of 
his  decease  it  amounted  altogether  to  some  eight  thousand 
acres.  One  half  of  this  was  wood  or  in  lawns  lying  in  a  state 
of  nature,  but  above  four  thousand  acres  were  in  tillage,  of 
which  the  management  was  directed  by  Washington  himself. 
Besides  the  ordinary  operations  of  husbandry,  there  were 
upon  the  estate  a  flour-mill,  brick-yards,  a  carpenter's  estab- 
lishment, and  extensive  fisheries.  The  property  was  divided 
into  five  farms  of  unequal  dimensions,  each  with  its  appro- 
priate set  of  laborers,  under  the  direction  of  an  overseer, — 
the  whole,  especially  during  the  President's  long  absences 
from  home,  under  one  superintendent.  Each  of  the  over- 
seers was  required  to  make  a  written  report  weekly  to  the 
superintendent,  in  which  a  minute  account  was  given  of 
everything  done  on  the  farm  in  the  course  of  the  week,  in- 
cluding the  condition  of  the  stock,  and  the  number  of  days' 
work  of  each  laborer.  These  reports  were  recorded  in  a  book 
by  the  superintendent,  and  the  originals  sent  in  a  weekly 
letter  to  the  President.  The  President  returned  a  weekly 
answer,  usually  a  letter  of  four  pages,  sometimes  twice  that 
length,  carefully  prepared  from  a  rough  draft,  and  then  neatly 


446       AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

copied  by  himself,  after  which  a  press  copy  was  taken.  A 
series  of  these  letters,  hitherto  unpublished,  has  lately  come 
into  my  hands,  comprising  the  President's  correspondence 
with  his  superintendent,  from  the  commencement  of  his 
second  administration  down  to  his  retirement  from  office. 
They  evince  an  adherence  to  system,  a  grasp  of  detail,  a  mi- 
nuteness and  accuracy  of  observation,  and  an  executive  ability 
truly  marvellous.  The  rotation  of  crops  in  his  numerous 
fields  was  conducted  on  a  plan  laid  down  with  great  minute- 
ness by  himself.  The  culture  of  tobacco  at  this  time  had 
ceased  at  Mount  Vernon,  and  the  whole  attention  of  the 
President  was  given  to  those  crops  which  are  cultivated  in 
this  part  of  the  country.  Not  content  with  general  results, 
nor  relying  exclusively  on  the  discretion  of  his  intelligent 
superintendent,  he  gave  instructions  from  the  seat  of  govern- 
ment, on  the  smallest  details  of  management,  and  the  time 
and  manner  in  which  every  operation  on  the  estate  was  to  be 
performed.  Even  when  he  was  on  the  march  to  suppress  the 
insurrection  in  the  western  counties  of  Pennsylvania,  in  1794, 
his  correspondence  was  not  wholly  interrupted.  One  short 
letter  was  written  from  Reading  and  another  from  Carlisle, 
on  his  way  to  the  rendezvous  of  the  army.  In  these  letters 
he  mentions  the  appearance  of  the  buckwheat  and  the  pota- 
toes, which  he  saw  on  the  farms  by  the  roadside,  and  gives  a 
general  direction  for  the  care  of  his  stock  at  the  approach  of 
cold  weather.  The  father  of  his  country  does  not  seem  to 
have  thought  that  a  rebellion  ought  to  engross  our  minds  to 
the  interruption  of  the  ordinary  duties  of  life.  On  the  10th 
of  December,  1799,  Washington  addressed  a  long  letter  to 
the  superintendent  of  his  farms,  the  last  elaborate  production 
of  his  pen,  enclosing  a  plan  drawn  up  on  thirty  written  folio 
pages,  containing  directions  for  their  cultivation  for  several 
years  to  come.  In  seven  days  from  the  date  of  this  letter  his 
own  venerated  form  "  was  sown  a  natural  body,  to  be  raised 
a  spiritual  body;" 

It  has  hitherto  been  justly  regarded  as  one  of  the  chief 
elements  of  our  welfare  as  a  nation,  that  its  different  sections 
are  bound  together  as  parts  of  one  whole,  by  such  a  variety 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   447 

of  natural  productions  as  makes  them  reciprocally  dependent 
upon  each  other.  It  is  impossible  for  the  reflecting  mind  not 
to  behold  a  bond  of  union,  older  than  political  arrangements 
and  stronger  than  parchment  records,  in  that  great  diversity 
of  climate  and  soil  which  characterizes  the  main  geographi- 
cal divisions  of  the  country,  each  producing  much  that  the 
other  wants ;  nor  can  we  fail  to  see,  in  the  unrighteous  con- 
test now  desolating  the  land,  a  warfare  not  merely  against 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  but  against  the  be- 
neficent ordinance  of  the  All- wise  Creator.  Covering,  as  the 
country  does,  a  vast  extent  of  territory  from  North  to  South, 
it  followed  in  the  economy  of  Nature,  that  a  corresponding 
diversity  would  exist  in  the  fruits  of  the  earth,  as  dependent 
on  climate ;  that  one  region  would  be  better  adapted  for 
the  production  of  food  in  its  various  forms,  for  grazing  and 
the  dairy ;  for  the  manufacturing  and  mechanic  arts ;  for 
commerce,  navigation,  the  fisheries,  and  naval  power ;  while 
the  other  section  of  the  country  should  possess  almost  a  mo- 
nopoly of  those  staple  products,  which  belong  to  a  lower 
latitude, — tobacco,  rice,  sugar,  and  above  all  cotton.  But, 
as  if  to  counteract  any  tendency  toward  separate  political 
organization,  which  might  spring  from  this  diversity  of  natu- 
ral products,  the  great  geographical  divisions  of  the  continent, 
the  two  mountain  chains  which  traverse  its  entire  length,  and 
the  mighty  river  which  sweeps  through  the  basin  included  in 
them,  pursue  in  the  main  a  course  from  North  to  South. 
Thus  the  lines  of  communication  traverse  at  right  angles  the 
lines  of  climate.  In  this  way  Nature,  while  making  provis- 
ion for  a  diversity  of  agricultural  interests  and  pursuits,  at 
the  same  time  gave  a  direction  to  the  mountains  and  rivers 
most  favorable  to  mutual  intercourse  and  a  beneficial  ex- 
change of  products.  It  is  against  this  beautiful  economy 
that  the  South  is  waging  a  war  as  unnatural  as  it  is  suicidal 
and  ruinous,  under  the  gross  delusion  "that,  by  virtue  of  her 
staple  products,  she  can  with  impunity  violate  constitutions, 
overturn  governments,  and  give  the  law  to  the  civilized  world. 
It  is  true  that  we  greatly  need  her  cotton,  though,  as  I  shall 
presently  show,  we  are  far  less  dependent  on  it  than  she  im- 


448       AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

agines ;  her  rice  is  a  very  acceptable  addition  to  our  list  of 
cereals,  but  of  trifling  importance;  for  her  sugar  we  are  will- 
ing, for  her  benefit,  to  continue  to  pay  a  heavy  protective 
duty,  but  we  can  supply  our  own  wants  at  a  cheaper  rate 
from  other  sources.  As  for  her  tobacco,  on  which  we  annu- 
ally throw  away  money  enough  to  build  thirty  steam-frigates 
of  the  first  class,  we  should  be  a  richer,  a  cleaner,  and  a  healthier 
people  if  another  pound  of  it  never  crossed  Mason  and  Dix- 
on's line.  It  is  of  course  as  far  as  possible  from  my  wish  in 
these  remarks  to  disparage  the  importance  of  the  staple  prod- 
ucts of  the  South,  though  she  overrates  them  as  contrasted 
with  those  of  the  North.  There  is  reason  to  think  that  the 
value  of  the  hay  crop  alone  is  not  much  less  than  that  of  the 
cotton,  and  the  merest  tyro  in  political  economy  knows  that  for 
every  pound  of  their  staples  which  we  receive,  an  equal  value 
must  be  sent  in  exchange  from  the  North,  as,  in  point  of  fact, 
in  the  course  of  trade,  we  are  at  all  times  largely  in  advance 
to  them.  That  so  many  of  the  right-thinking  and  right-feel- 
ing people  of  the  South  should  allow  a  small  number  of  dis- 
appointed politicians,  without  one  practical  grievance,  to 
drive  them  into  revolt,  not  merely  against  a  mild  and  benefi- 
cent government,  of  which  she  has  almost  monopolized  the 
administration,  but  against  this  beautiful  system  of  mutual 
dependencies,  is  an  instance  of  political  infatuation  of  which 
it  will  not  be  easy  to  find  a  parallel  in  history. 

But  though  Providence  is  often  slow  in  avenging  national 
wrongs,  retribution,  in  this  case,  is  likely  to  tread  hard  upon 
the  heels  of  the  offence.  The  South  has  embarked  in  this 
wild  and  murderous  crusade,  mainly,  as  I  have  already  inti- 
mated, in  consequence  of  a  greatly  exaggerated  idea  of  her 
ability,  through  a  monopoly  of  the  cotton  culture,  to  control 
the  commerce  and  through  that  the  politics  of  the  world. 
She  forgets  that  whatever  temporary  inconvenience  may  be 
felt  by  the  manufacturing  countries  must  react,  with  tenfold 
severity,  on  herself.  Cotton  with  her  is  the  paramount  inter- 
est ;  to  the  Northern  States  and  to  Europe,  it  is  one  of  several 
interests,  some  of  which  will  gain  by  the  dethronement  of 
King  Cotton.     It  is  only  about  sixty  years  that  cotton  has 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   449 

been  an  article  of  great  importance  to  Europe  and  America. 
The  civilized  world  clothed  itself  decently  and  comfortably 
for  four  or  five  thousand  years  from  other  materials ;  it  will 
not  go  naked,  even  if  the  fleecy  fibre  should  wholly  fail.  For 
many  fabrics,  for  which  cotton,  of  late  years,  owing  to  its 
cheapness,  has  been  forced  into  use,  the  question  is  by  no 
means  decided  between  that  article  and  wool,  flax,  and  hemp ; 
and  the  most  promising  experiments  have,  of  late,  been  made 
(and  within  a  few  weeks  repeated  in  your  State)  for  the 
purpose  of  adapting  the  fibre  of  flax  to  most  of  the  tissues 
for  which  cotton  has  hitherto  been  employed.* 

*  I  was  in  hopes  to  receive  in  time  for  publication  in  this  place  a  note 
from  my  friend,  Mr.  S.  B.  Ruggles  of  New  York,  on  the  experiments  made 
under  his  auspices,  and  as  I  understand  with  nattering  success,  for  reducing 
the  fibre  of  flax  to  a  state  in  which  it  will  serve,  to  a  considerable  extent,  as  a 
substitute  for  cotton.  Specimens  of  cottonized  flax  of  a  very  attractive  ap- 
pearance (under  the  not  very  happy  name  of  Fibrilia)  have  been  placed  in 
my  hands  by  Mr.  A.  B.  Hall  of  Boston,  who  entertains  confident  expecta- 
tions of  its  extensive  use.  While  these  pages  are  passing  through  the  press, 
I  find  the  following  paragraph  from  the  London  "  Times,"  which  will  show 
the  eagerness  with  which  substitutes  for  cotton  are  sought  in  England  :  — 

"  Dr.  Lankester  read,  the  other  day,  before  the  Association  for  the  Ad- 
vancement of  Science,  a  paper  communicated  by  Mr.  W.  Dawson  of 
Liverpool,  '  On  Barraguta  cotton  from  the  plains  of  the  Amazon,  and  on 
the  flax-fibre  cotton  of  North  America.'  The  writer  states  that  he  has 
known  the  vegetable  substance  called  Barraguta  cotton  for  more  than  twenty 
years,  a  small  import  having  been  received  from  Peru  via  Cape  Horn  about 
that  time.  It  was  represented  as  the  produce  of  a  very  large  tree,  thirty 
feet  to  forty  feet  high,  and  the  cotton  when  ripe  hangs  down  to  the  ground 
by  its  own  fibres  connected.  Yet  the  consumers  state  it  will  not  spin,  — 
a  customary  objection  to  anything  new.  More  recently  a  similar  import  — 
about  half  a  dozen  bags  of  seventy  pounds  each  —  came  from  the  River 
Plate  via  Pernambuco.  Any  quantity  can  be  had  from  the  east  side  of 
the  Andes  and  the  plains  of  the  Amazon.  As  to  the  staple  of  the  cotton, 
it  is  very  silky  and  short ;  but  by  grafting,  or  superior  technical  cultivation 
known  to  naturalists,  it  might,  no  doubt,  be  improved.  Large  quantities 
must  be  brought  to  market,  and  then  machinery  will  be  altered  to  suit  its 
working,  as  was  the  case  with  alpaca,  which  has  a  silky  fibre.  He  sold  one 
bag  of  the  Barraguta  cotton  at  3d.  per  pound  :  but,  as  the  Yorkshire  buyer 
did  not  accept  delivery,  the  whole  of  the  last  lot  was  taken  by  the  importer 
for  stuffing  sofa-cushions  and  mixing  in  feather-beds,  instead  of  purchasing 
ewansdown  at  12s.  Gd.  per  pound.  Here  is  a  large  field  for  the  use  of  such 
vol.  iv.  29 


450   AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR. 

But  a  far  more  important  operation  is  going  on  in  Europe 
and  the  East.  While  the  South  is  conspiring  against  the 
Union,  the  whole  manufacturing  world  is  conspiring  against 
the  South.  While  Montgomery  and  Richmond  are  seceding 
from  Washington,  every  spindle  and  every  loom  is  seceding 
from  Charleston,  Mobile,  and  New  Orleans.  The  capital  and 
geographical  science  of  Europe  are  now  most  earnestly  em- 
ployed in  procuring  a  supply  of  cotton  from  other  regions 
than  our  Southern  States.  An  association  of  intelligent  and- 
wealthy  persons  interested  in  the  cotton  manufacture  has 
been  formed  in  England,  for  the  purpose  of  exploring  those 
regions  of  the  globe  where  cotton  can  be  cultivated  with  suc- 
cess. A  report  from  this  association  has  been  lately  pub- 
lished, holding  out  a  prospect  of  flattering  success.  To  say 
nothing  of  Central  America,  which  our  minister  considers  as 
favorable  to  the  culture  of  cotton  as  any  country  on  earth,  of 
the  West  Indies,  of  Brazil,  which  possesses,  on  the  south  of 
the  equator,  a  territory  which  forms  the  precise  counterpart 
of  our  own  on  the  north,  of  the  African  Continent,  where 
the  cotton  plant  is  indigenous  and  perennial,  and  its  culture 
is  rapidly  spreading,  there  is  in  India  and  China  alone  — 
countries  in  which  cotton  has  been  cultivated  from  time  im- 
memorial—  a  region  adequate  to  the  supply  of  all  the  mar- 
kets in  the  world.  I  received  myself  a  letter  two  months  ago, 
from  the  head  of  one  of  the  first  banking-houses  in  England, 
in  which  he  informs  me,  that  a  half  a  million  bales  of  cotton 
beyond  the  supply  of  the  last  year  will  be  furnished  this  year 
by  India.  Later  reports  double  that  quantity.  I  know  not 
why  as  much  more  may  not  be  furnished  from  China.     It  is 

fibres,  and  if  brought  to  this  country  in  large  quantities,  it  might  be  mixed 
with  cotton,  like  mump  or  devil's  dust,  or  be  spun  up  -with  sheep's  -wool. 
Through  the  kindness  of  the  editor  of  the  Liverpool  "  Daily  Pest,"  the 
■writer  was  authorized  to  exhibit  a  sample  of  new  fibre  from  the  wild  flax  of 
North  America.  Millions  of  bales,  he  states,  can  be  obtained  at  a  cost  of 
less  thad  Ad.  per  pound,  so  profusely  does  the  wild  flax  exist.  These  new 
fields  ought  to  command  attention  when  there  is  so  much  anxiety  to  increase 
the  supply  of  cotton.  The  author  contends  that  six  million  acres  of  land  in 
Ireland  can  be  had  at  a  nominal  rent,  on  which  good  cotton  can  be  grown, 
the  land  never  having  been  grazed,  scratched,  or  nibbled  by  cattle." 


AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR.       451 

true  that,  though  she  grows  vast  quantities  herself,  she  draws  at 
present  a  small  part  of  her  consumption  from  India.  But  her 
climate  under  the  same  local  conditions  is  identical  with  ours; 
she  has  a  redundance  of  labor;  and,  with  an  effective  demand, 
can  no  doubt  furnish  an  unlimited  quantity  for  exportation. 
Large  supplies  are  expected  from  Egypt,  where  the  reigning 
prince  has  entered  cordially  into  the  views  of  the  "  Cotton 
Supply  Association."  The  attention  of  the  local  govern- 
ment of  Syria  has,  in  like  manner,  been  called  to  the  subject, 
and  besides  all  the  sources  of  supply  in  the  Old  World,  Aus- 
tralia contains  a  belt  of  territory  admirably  adapted  to  cotton 
and  already  actively  engaged  in  its  culture.  In  the  mean 
time  there  is  always  on  hand,  in  advance,  a  season's  stock 
of  manufactured  articles  of  general  use,  which,  with  the  in- 
creased supply  of  raw  material  from  the  East,  will  prevent 
any  serious  inconvenience  from  the  failure  of  the  American 
crop  of  this  year.  It  must  be  borne  in  mind  also  that,  though 
the  obstruction  in  the  American  market  occurred  too  late  to 
take  full  effect  in  Egypt  and  India  the  present  year,  Brazil 
and  South  Africa  and  Australia  are  on  the  other  side  of  the 
line,  and  their  planting  season  consequently  six  months  be- 
hind ours.  Should  the  South  unwisely  protract  the  war  for 
the  second  year,  all  further  dependence  upon  her  will  cease  ; 
her  King  Cotton  will  be  as  effectually  dethroned  as  the  Bour- 
bons and  the  Stuarts ;  and  Central  America,  the  West  Indies, 
Africa,  Egypt,  Syria,  India,  China,  and  Australia  will  feed 
the  looms  of  the  world  ;  till  our  brethren  at  the  South  shall 
return  to  their  senses,  and  be  willing  again  to  live  under  the 
government  which  their  most  intelligent  statesmen  last  No- 
vember declared  to  be  the  best  and  most  beneficent  which 
history  gives  us  an  account  of.  As  American  patriots,  look- 
ing with  an  equal  eye  to  the  interests  of  the  whole  country, 
desiring  still  the  welfare  of  the  South  as  sincerely  as  our 
own,  we  cannot  but  regret  the  result,  which  will  no  doubt  to 
some  extent  be  permanent.  But  we  must  admit  that  the 
lesson  was  needed  by  our  misguided  fellow-citizens,  and  that 
the  lasting  welfare  of  the  whole  Union  will  be  promoted, 
when  they  shall  have  awakened  from  the  delusion,  that  the 


452   AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR. 

prosperity  of  the  civilized  world  depends  upon  their  cotton 
crop. 

In  fact,  when  we  consider  the  influence  on  the  public  senti- 
ment of  the  South  of  the  extension  of  the  cotton  culture,  the 
pernicious  delusion  just  mentioned,  and  its  effect  in  betray- 
ing that  section  of  the  country  into  this  disastrous  attempt 
to  break  up  the  Union,  at  the  cost  of  a  civil  war  of  unexam- 
pled magnitude,  we  cannot  avoid  the  conclusion,  that  it 
would  have  been  better,  greatly  better  for  herself  and  the 
world,  that  not  a  boll  of  cotton  should  ever  have  ripened 
within  her  limits,  than  that  she  should  have  acquired  the  fan- 
cied monopoly  of  it.  The  events  which  are  passing  before 
our  eyes  give  a  sad  significance  to  the  remark  of  an  ancient 
Roman  author  :  "  If  we  are  willing  to  own  the  truth,  it  is 
the  great  plantations  which,  having  ruined  Italy,  are  now 
also  ruining  the  provinces."  *  Should  cotton  succeed  in  the 
unhallowed  effort  to  break  up  the  Union,  it  may  be  truly 
said  that  it  would  have  been  a  thousand  times  better  that 
their  husbandry  like  yours  should,  at  whatever  sacrifice  of  the 
tropical  staple,  have  been  exclusively  devoted  to  the  usual 
articles  of  agricultural  produce,  adapted  to  their  climate, 
raised  on  farms  of  moderate  dimensions,  and  tilled  by  the 
industrious  and  energetic  hands  of  freemen,  in  the  majority 
of  cases  the  proprietors  of  their  own  fee-simple  acres.  This, 
and  not  the  wholesale  production  of  the  tropical  staples,  is 
the  kind  of  husbandry  which  in  all  ages  has  been  regarded 
as  the  basis  of  public  prosperity  and  the  nurse  of  private 
virtue  ;  whose  benefits  moralists  have  taught ;  whose  praises 
poets  have  sung;  and  to  which  great  and  good  men,  famous 
captains,  and  illustrious  statesmen,  tired  of  the  conflicts  of 
politics  and  war,  have  repaired  as  to  a  harbor  of  refuge. 

Besides  the  deplorable  influence  of  a  supposed  monopoly 
of  cotton,  as  the  indirect  cause  of  the  present  civil  war,  and, 
if  that  war  should  attain  its  object,  the  permanent  disruption 
of  the  Union,  which  would  unquestionably  prove  one  of  the 
greatest  calamities  that  ever  befell  the  civilized  world,  it  will, 

*  Verum  confitentibus  latifundia  Italiam  perdidere  ;  jam  vero  et  Provin- 
cias.  —  Plixii,  !N.  H.  xviii.  6. 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   453 

in  all  human  probability,  lead  to  another  result,  equally  shock- 
ing to  the  public  sentiment  of  the  age,  —  I  mean  the  reopen- 
ing of  the  African  slave-trade.  It  is  well  known  and  freely 
admitted  at  the  South,  that  a  great  change  in  public  opinion 
has  been  gradually  taking  place  in  that  part  of  the  country 
on  all  subjects  relating  to  slavery.  Thirty  years  ago,  it  was 
habitually  and  generally  spoken  of  as  an  evil  entailed  upon 
us  by  the  Parent  Country,  of  which  it  was  now  difficult,  if 
not  impossible,  to  rid  ourselves  ;  while  the  African  slave-trade 
was  as  generally  and  as  severely  denounced  at  the  South 
as  the  North.  The  law  by  which  it  is  made  piracy  was 
passed  under  a  Southern  President  and  a  Cabinet  and  Con- 
gress controlled  by  Southern  influences.  But  with  the  im- 
mense expansion  of  the  cotton  culture  and  the  introduction 
of  that  of  sugar,  a  great  change  of  public  opinion,  with 
respect  both  to  slavery  and  the  slave-trade,  has  taken  place 
at  the  South.  Slavery  is  now  warmly  claimed  as  the  corner- 
stone of  the  new  Confederacy,  and  as  the  only  possible  re- 
lation in  which  the  two  races  can  stand  to  each  other,  with 
benefit  to  either ;  while  the  change  with  respect  to  the  Afri- 
can slave-trade,  though  not  probably  so  decided  and  general, 
is  in  marked  and  rapid  progress.  It  is  true  the  Confederate 
Congress  has  prohibited  this  traffic.  This  was  done  before 
Virginia  or  any  other  of  the  border  States  had  joined  the 
Confederacy,  and  it  was  accompanied  by  a  law  prohibiting 
the  introduction  of  slaves  from  States  not  belonging  to  it. 
Now  the  domestic  slave-trade  is  of  immense  importance  to 
Eastern  Virginia,  and  proportionably  to  all  the  border  States. 
It  absorbs  no  small  part  of  the  increase  of  their  colored  pop- 
ulation, and  in  so  doing,  besides  the  pecuniary  return,  it 
sustains  the  value  of  the  residue.  One  hundred  slaves,  I  was 
informed,  are  daily  sent  to  the  South  from  Richmond.  This 
number  must,  I  think,  be  overstated,  though  given  to  me  by 
a  very  intelligent  citizen  of  that  place.  In  this  state  of  things 
the  simultaneous  prohibition  of  the  African  and  the  domes- 
tic slave-trade  by  the  Confederate  Congress  was  understood, 
and  in  substance  declared,  to  be  at  the  time  at  once  a 
threat  and  a  bribe  addressed  to  the  border  States,  and  par- 


454       AGRICULTURE    AS    AFFECTED    BY    THE    WAR. 

ticularly  to  Virginia,  and  on  her,  unhappily,  it  produced  its 
effect.  But  that  the  prohibition  of  the  foreign  slave-trade 
will  be  persevered  in,  should  the  Tevolted  States  succeed  in 
establishing  their  independence,  there  is  not  the  slightest 
probability.  Some  of  the  leaders  of  secession  are  known  to 
be  in  favor  of  reopening  it.  When  successfully  attempted 
last  year  by  lawless  adventurers,  they  were  effectually  screened 
from  justice;  and  the  statute  of  the  Confederate  government 
forbidding  it  was  denounced  at  the  time  of  its  passage  by 
the  leading  press  of  South  Carolina.  While  it  is  certainly 
true,  that  when  the  subject  was  last  agitated,  many  intelli 
gent  persons  in  the  Southern  States  opposed  the  introduction 
into  the  country  of  the  uncivilized  natives  of  Africa,  it  is  not 
the  less  true,  that  the  current  of  opinion  is  running  rapidly  in 
the  opposite  direction.  There  is  not  the  slightest  reason  to 
doubt,  that  if  the  independence  of  the  Southern  Confederacy 
should  be  established,  the  supposed  interest  of  the  Cotton 
States  will  outweigh  that  of  Virginia,  and  the  African  slave- 
trade,  with  all  its  horrors,  against  which  the  civilized  nations 
of  the  earth,  and  the  United  States  among  the  foremost,  have 
been  waging  a  concerted  war  for  two  generations,  will  be 
triumphantly  reopened.  Such  being  the  case,  I  have  no  fear 
that  the  prospect  of  a  tariff  a  little  lower  than  that  of  the 
United  States,  the  hope  of  finding  a  market  for  a  few  more 
bars  of  railroad  iron,  and  a  few  more  bales  of  printed  calico, 
than  under  the  present  duties,  will  win  the  sympathy  of  the 
great  powers  of  Europe  for  an  insurrectionary  government, 
which  claims  to  rest  upon  the  institution  of  Slavery  as  its 
corner-stone,  and  which,  beyond  all  question,  will,  among  its 
first  measures,  reopen  that  traffic  which  has  been  for  sixty 
years  pursued  by  the  execrations  of  the  civilized  world. 

But  it  is  time,  my  friends,  to  relieve  your  patience.  While 
we  contemplate  with  the  sternest  disapprobation  the  con- 
duct of  the  ambitious  men,  who  are  perverting  the  bounties 
showered  by  Providence  on  their  section  of  the  Union  into 
the  occasion  for  these  frightful  evils,  and  while  we  deeply 
sympathize  with  those  of  our  loyal  fellow-citizens  in  the 
seceding  States  who  are  swept  along  and  overwhelmed  with 


AGRICULTURE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR.   455 

the  tide  of  rebellion,  let  us  diligently  search  our  hearts  with 
the  inquiry,  whether,  in  this  great  crisis  of  our  country's  for- 
tune, we  ourselves  have  done  and  are  doing  the  whole  duty 
of  good  citizens  and  devoted  patriots.  Let  those  of  you 
particularly  engaged  in  the  cultivation  of  the  soil  bear  in 
mind,  more  than  ever,  the  duty  devolved  upon  you,  as  that 
part  of  the  population  who  are  called  upon  to  provide  the 
daily  bread  of  the  rest.  Duty  did  I  say  ?  Regard  it  rather 
as  your  great  privilege,  that,  in  the  mysterious  economy  of 
Nature,  the  husbandman  is  the  immediate  co-worker  with 
Providence ;  and  learn  to  look  upon  the  soil,  with  its  re-cre- 
ative powers,  the  seed  with  its  undeveloped  germ  of  manifold 
increase,  the  elements  of  growth  in  earth,  and  water,  and 
light,  and  air,  as  one  vast  system  of  machinery,  waiting  to  be 
called  into  action  for  the  sustenance  of  man,  by  his  own 
industrious  co-operation. 

We  have  all  looked  with  interest  and  pleasure  on  some 
noble  factory,  filled  with  ingenious  machinery,  constructed  of 
metal,  wood,  and  leather;  wheels,  and  ratchets,  and  cams; 
motions  direct,  reciprocating,  and  eccentric;  cylinders,  and 
spindles,  and  looms,  with  all  their  springs,  and  screws,  and 
bolts,  skilfully  fitted,  and  polished,  and  oiled,  and  geared, 
above  and  below,  from  the  foundation  to  the  roof;  the  impa- 
tient stream  idly  breaking  on  the  mighty  turbine,  and  all 
waiting  for  the  controlling  hand  of  man  to  move  the  lever, 
bid  the  great  water-wheel  commence  its  round,  and  start  the 
entire  system  into  life  and  action. 

So,  and  with  admiration  increased  by  all  the  superiority  of 
the  works  of  God  over  the  works  of  man,  when  we  look  on 
this  wondrous  and  beautiful  Earth,  with  all  its  capacities  for 
the  supply  of  human  want,  — the  varieties  of  soil,  clay  and 
lime  and  sand,  in  all  their  mixtures,  —  enriching  loams  and 
marls,  —  organic  fertilizers, — the  bubbling  spring,  the  irrigat- 
ing stream,  the  sheltering  wood  and  hill,  —  the  changing 
seasons,  —  the  strange  circulation  of  vapor  and  cloud  and 
rain,  —  the  solar  ray  shooting  from  the  upper  sky,  latent  heat 
and  electric  fire  pervading  all  creation, — the  marvellous  struc- 
ture of  the  vegetable  world,  —  seed,  and  root,  and  stalk,  and 


456   AGRICULTUEE  AS  AFFECTED  BY  THE  WAR. 

leaf,  and  bud,  and  flower,  and  fruit,  and  grain,  each  after  its 
kind,  endless  in  form  and  quality,  the  food,  the  cordial,  the 
medicine,  the  clothing  of  man,  drawing  each  its  peculiar  nu- 
triment from  the  same  soil,  —  we  may  regard  them  as  form- 
ing together  one  vast  system  of  machinery,  the  work  of  the 
Divine  Artificer,  waiting  for  intelligent  and  industrious  man 
to  turn  the  furrow,  and  scatter  the  seed,  and  reap  the  harvest ; 
and  thus  give  their  motion  to  the  mystic  spindles  from  which 
Nature  draws  out  the  fibres  of  vegetable  life ;  and  the  boun- 
tiful looms  on  which  she  weaves  into  the  tissue  of  the  year, 
for  the  comfort  and  the  delight  of  her  children,  the  gorgeous 
tints  of  spring  and  the  golden  fruits  of  autumn. 


DINNER  TO   PRINCE  NAPOLEON* 


May  it  please  your  Imperial  Highness  ;  Governor  An- 
drew ;  Gentlemen  :  — 
In  discharging  the  agreeable  duty  of  the  chair  on  this 
occasion,  I  feel  that  I  shall  conform  not  less  to  the  dictates 
of  propriety  than  to  the  well-understood  wishes  of  our  illus- 
trious guest,  by  dealing  as  little  as  possible  in  the  ceremoni- 
ous forms  of  public  and  official  entertainments,  and  giving 
the  plainest  and  most  direct  utterance  to  the  cordial  feelings 
with  which  we  desire  to  welcome  him.  Regretting  only  that 
his  visit  is  too  short  to  enable  us  to  offer  him  all  the  atten- 
tions, public  and  private,  which  are  due  to  his  rank  and  char- 
acter, we  are  gratified  that  our  industrial  and  educational 
institutions  —  our  colleges,  factories,  libraries  and  schools, 
public  works,  and  historical  localities  —  have  been  the  subject 
of  his  acute  observation  and  intelligent  curiosity,  competent 
and  disposed  as  he  is  to  appreciate  whatever  of  merit  or  in- 
terest they  possess,  and  to  make  due  allowance  for  anything 
in  which  they  fall  below  the  standard  of  older  and  richer 
states.  Our  illustrious  guest  will  remember  that,  compared 
with  the  empires  and  kingdoms  of  Europe,  we  are,  even  in 
the  first  settled  parts  of  the  country,  a  People  of  Yesterday ; 
that,  while  Louis  XIV.,  in  the  Augustan  age  of  the  old 
regime,  was  shaking  Europe  with  the  terror  of  his  arms,  and 
France  was  adorned  with  celebrities  in  every  department  of 
science  and  literature,  which  have  not  yet  been  and  probably 
never  will  be  eclipsed,  the  little  Republics  of  New  England, 
which  he  has  seen  so  populous  and  flourishing,  then  number- 

*  Address  of  welcome  to  His  Imperial  Highness  Prince  Napoleon,  at  the 
Revere  House,  Boston,  25th  September,  1861. 


458  DINNER    TO    PRINCE    NAPOLEON. 

ing  all  told  not  above  eighty  thousand  souls,  were  waging  a 
doubtful  contest  with  the  Children  of  the  Forest. 

But  even  at  that  early  period,  and  in  fact  long  before,  the 
intimate  relations  of  France  and  America  had  commenced. 
While  the  continent  of  North  America,  which  our  illustrious 
guest,  in  his  recent  tour,  has  seen  covered  with  the  works  and 
monuments  of  a  most  rapidly  advancing  civilization,  still  lay 
in  a  state  of  nature,  two  of  the  leading  powers  of  Europe 
struggled  for  its  possession.  Leaving  South  America  and 
Mexico  to  Portugal  and  Spain,  England,  more  disposed  to. 
maritime  adventure,  occupied  the  coast  of  North  America ; 
France  penetrated  the  interior ;  nor  do  I  know,  sir,  in  the 
history  of  civilization,  a  nobler  sweep  of  exploration  and 
colonial  enterprise  than  that  which  was  made  by  the  Gov- 
ernment of  France,  from  the  mouth  of  the  St.  Lawrence  to 
that  of  the  Mississippi.  You  have  recently  retraced  the 
northern  and  central  portions  of  that  magnificent  line  of 
posts,  —  military,  commercial,  and  missionary,  —  and  followed 
in  imagination  the  gallant  adventurers,  who  first  ascended 
the  St.  Lawrence  and  the  Great  Lakes,  first  launched  their 
frail  barks  on  the  Illinois,  first  of  civilized  men  followed  its 
course  to  the  Father  of  American  Waters,  descended  the 
mighty  stream,  and  planted  the  banners  of  France  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Mississippi.  The  names  of  Jacques  Cartier, 
of  Champlain,  of  Marquette,  of  La  Salle,  have  received  the 
tribute  of  your  admiration,  on  the  spots  forever  rendered 
famous  by  their  achievements,  their  noble  toils,  and  their 
heroic  sacrifices,  not  made  alone  for  military  aggrandizement 
or  commercial  gain.  A  spirit  of  civilization,  enlightened 
beyond  the  standard  of  the  times,  accompanied  their  progress 
through  the  wilderness.  The  Relations  des  Jesuitcs  (of  which 
the  late  republication  at  Quebec  has,  I  dare  say,  attracted 
the  attention  of  your  Imperial  Highness)  remains  to  this  day 
the  most  instructive  record  of  the  early  progress  of  discovery 
and  settlement  in  these  regions.  There  is  nothing,  as  far  as 
I  am  awTare,  in  English  colonial  literature  to  be  compared 
with  them. 

From  these  early  and  almost  forgotten  times,  there  never  has 


DINNER    TO    PRINCE    NAPOLEON.  459 

been  a  period  when  the  interests,  I  might  almost  say  the  des- 
tinies, of  France,  though  I  do  not  greatly  like  that  word,  were 
not  closely  interwoven  with  those  of  the  United  States,  from 
the  moment  when  the  United  States,  even  in  anticipation, 
began  to  be.  Need  I  remind  you,  sir,  of  the  opening  scenes 
of  that  great  Seven  Years'  War?  Two  years  before  it  was 
declared  in  Europe,  it  had  its  effective  origin  in  the  struggle 
between  England  and  France  for  the  possession  of  the  inte- 
rior of  this  continent,  and  the  first  blow  was  struck  in  the 
expedition  sent  by  Virginia  under  her  youthful  Washington 
against  Fort  Duquesne.  That  Pittsburg  which  I  believe,  sir, 
you  have  lately  visited,  containing  with  its  suburbs  not  less 
than  one  hundred  and  twenty  thousand  inhabitants,  the  seat 
of  a  vast  manufacturing  industry,  and  a  steam  navigation 
approaching  one  hundred  thousand  tons,  occupies  the  spot 
then  covered  by  a  little  stockade,  erected  in  1754.  That  little 
fort  was  constructed  by  a  skilful  French  military  engineer, 
named  Mercier.  I  do  not  know  whether  our  honored  guest, 
the  French  minister,  is  of  his  family,  nor  whether  engineering 
skill  has  descended  with  the  name.  I  have  not  heard  that 
His  Excellency,  since  his  residence  in  this  country,  has  in- 
trenched himself  in  his  beautiful  villa  on  Georgetown  Heights, 
or  anywhere  but  in  the  respect  of  the  Government  and  the 
good-will  of  the  People  of  the  United  States.  There  he  is 
strongly  fortified.  Well,  sir,  that  little  fort,  as  you  well 
recollect,  became  the  next  year  the  intended  prize  of  the 
most  formidable  military  expedition  which,  up  to  that  time, 
had  ever  been  set  on  foot  in  North  America.  Two  veteran 
British  regiments,  under  a  commander  of  forty  years'  expe- 
rience in  the  great  wars  of  Europe,  were  met,  a  few  miles 
from  Fort  Duquesne,  and  it  may  be  pertinent  to  observe  at 
the  present  day,  when  a  good  deal  is  said  of  military  panics, 
were  put  to  ignominious  rout,  by  a  detachment  of  72  regular 
French  troops,  146  Canadians,  and  637  Indians !  From  the 
face  of  this  motley  handful  of  enemies,  which  it  would  be 
absurd  to  call  an  army,  the  best-appointed  veteran  troops  of 
England,  —  Infantry,  Cavalry,  Artillery,  Marines,  —  in  the 
language  of  Washington,  who  had  two  horses  killed  under 


460  DINNER    TO    PRINCE    NAPOLEON. 

him  and  four  bullets  through  his  garments  in  the  disastrous 
encounter,  "  ran  like  sheep  before  the  dogs !  " 

This  great  war  seemed  for  the  time  to  have  ended  in  the 
extinction  of  the  power  and  influence  of  France  on  this  con- 
tinent, by  the  cession  of  Louisiana  to  Spain,  and  the  surren- 
der of  Canada  to  England.  But  wait  another  turn  of  the 
wheel  of  Empire,  and  in  twelve  years  from  the  signature  of 
the  Treaty  of  Paris  we  behold  the  American  Revolution, 
then  the  Declaration  of  Independence,  the  French  alliance, 
the  navies  of  France  ranging  our  coasts,  her  auxiliar  armies 
landed  on  our  shores,  the  lilies  mingled  with  the  rising  stars 
and  stripes,  Rochambeau  and  Washington,  Lafayette  and 
Lincoln,  united  at  the  fall  of  Yorktown,  and  a  new  commer- 
cial and  naval  power  called  as  it  were  from  the  depths  of  the 
Atlantic  into  the  family  of  Nations.  It  is  usual  to  say, 
that  France  was  led  to  form  the  alliance  of  1778,  by  way  of 
retaliation  upon  England  for  the  loss  of  Canada.  I  dare  say 
this  motive  had  its  influence  with  the  Cabinet  of  Louis 
XVI. ;  they  were  men,  and  subject  to  human  passions.  But 
I  appeal  to  you,  sir,  who  have  been  accustomed,  from  the 
highest  points  of  observation,  to  explore  the  policy  of  States, 
to  bear  me  out  in  the  assertion,  that  France  had  a  much 
loftier,  a  much  further  reaching  motive,  in  promoting  the  In- 
dependence of  the  United  States.  There  are  documents  in 
the  Bureau  des  Affaires  Etrangeres  at  Paris,  which  show 
that  the  Count  de  Vergennes  and  his  associates  looked  far 
beyond  the  indulgence  of  any  spirit  of  temporary  retaliation. 
They  foresaw,  in  the  infant  American  Union,  the  germ  of  a 
great  commercial  and  naval  power  in  the  West,  which,  when 
it  should  arrive  at  maturity,  would  furnish  a  needful  counter- 
poise to  the  maritime  preponderance  of  any  one  of  the  great 
European  governments.  They  foresaw  that  the  United 
States,  if  their  Independence  was  established,  would  in  all 
human  probability,  become  what  Prince  Gortschakoff,  in  his 
remarkable  letter  of  the  10th  of  last  July,  calls  it,  "  an  ele- 
ment essential  to  the  universal  political  equilibrium."  This, 
I  take,  it,  was  the  true  secret  of  the  alliance  of  1778,  as  of 
the  good-will  which  has  ever  subsisted,  and  I  doubt  not 
ever  will  subsist,  between  France  and  the  Federal  Union. 


DINNER    TO    PRINCE    NAPOLEON.  461 

This  noble  entente  cordiale,  founded  on  the  broadest  and 
firmest  basis  of  State  policy,  was  shaken  for  a  few  years  by 
the  storms  of  the  French  Revolution,  which  so  vehemently 
agitated  the  whole  political  world.  The  two  friendly  gov- 
ernments, whose  allied  armies,  less  than  twenty  years  before, 
were  arrayed  beneath  a  common  banner,  on  common  fields 
of  victory,  were  now  about  to  plunge  into  an  unnatural  war 
with  each  other.  This  took  place  under  the  government  of 
the  Directory,  whose  reputation  for  wisdom  does  not,  I  pre- 
sume, sir,  stand  very  high  in  the  traditions  of  your  family. 
From  this  deplorable  catastrophe  the  18  Brumaire  relieved 
us.  That  marvellous  event,  which  brought  France  out  of 
the  chaos  of  the  Revolution,  reopened  her  temples,  tribunals, 
and  schools,  retrieved  her  dilapidated  finances,  and  raised  her 
prostrate  industry  from  the  dust,  restored  peace  between  the 
two  countries.  Scarcely  had  the  youthful  hero  acceded  to 
power,  when  he  ordered  that  the  badges  of  mourning  for  the 
death  of  Washington  should  be  suspended  "«  tous  les 
drapeaux  et  guidons  de  la  Republique  "  ;  and  in  less  than  a 
twelvemonth  from  the  time  when  the  strong  arm  of  the  First 
Consul  was  laid  to  the  helm  of  State,  a  convention  with  the 
United  States  was  signed  by  his  elder  brother  Joseph  (after- 
wards King  of  Naples  and  of  Spain),  which  replaced  the  rela- 
tions of  the  two  countries  on  the  most  friendly  footing. 

That  kind-hearted  and  virtuous  Prince,  your  uncle  Joseph, 
was,  as  you  wTell  know,  sir,  for  many  years  a  resident  in  this 
country,  where  his  name  is  never  pronounced  without  respect. 
I  may  be  permitted  perhaps  to  say,  that  it  was  my  good  for- 
tune to  renew  with  him  in  Florence  the  acquaintance  with 
which  he  had  honored  me  at  Bordentown,  —  a  place  which 
for  his  sake  you  have  lately  visited  with  such  affectionate 
interest.  When,  on  taking  a  final  leave  of  him,  I  told  him 
that  he  was  remembered  in  America  with  respect  and  affec- 
tion, by  all  who  had  the  happiness  to  know  him,  he  placed 
his  arm  about  my  neck  and  his  lips  to  my  cheek,  and  with 
eyes  moistened  with  gracious  drops  not  unworthy  a  king, 
replied  that  some  of  the  happiest  days  of  his  life  were  those 
which  he  had  passed  on  the  banks  of  the  Delaware. 


462  DINNER    TO    PRINCE    NAPOLEON. 

But  the  treaty  of  the  30th  of  September,  1800,  wise  and 
welcome  as  it  was,  in  restoring  peace  between  the  two  coun- 
tries, was,  soon  after,  far  surpassed  in  importance  by  that 
truly  imperial  stroke  of  policy,  the  cession  of  Louisiana. 
Originally  discovered  under  the  powerful  monarch  whose 
name  it  perpetuates  in  the  Western  hemisphere,  transferred 
to  Spain  at  the  close  of  the  Seven  Years'  War,  recovered 
by  the  First  Consul  in  1800,  by  the  treaty  of  San  Ildefonso, 
the  youthful  hero  conceived  the  plan  of  making  Louisiana 
the  basis  of  a  colonial  power,  which  should  balance  that  of 
England.  The  approaching  renewal  of  hostilities,  by  the 
rupture  of  the  Treaty  of  Amiens,  rendered  it  doubtful  wheth- 
er he  would  be  able  to  hold  Louisiana  against  the  naval 
power  of  Great  Britain,  and  in  pursuance  of  the  great  idea 
which  runs  through  the  whole  policy  of  France  toward  this 
country,  that  of  confirming  the  "  universal  political  equilibri- 
um," by  the  growth  of  a  great  commercial  and  naval  power  in 
the  West,  the  First  Consul  announced  to  his  astonished  coun- 
cil, on  Easter  Sunday  of  1803,  that  he  had  made  up  his  mind 
to  cede  the  whole  of  Louisiana  to  the  United  States.  The 
deed  followed  upon  the  word,  and  the  treaty  was  signed  on 
the  30th  of  April.  By  this  truly  Napoleonic  stroke  of  the 
highest  State  wisdom  and  the  most  superb  political  courage, 
the  whole  of  this  vast  province,  a  world  of  itself,  —  from  the 
Gulf  of  Mexico  to  the  49th  parallel  of  latitude,  and  from  the 
Mississippi  to  the  Pacific,  —  in  which  those  great  and  pros- 
perous States,  sir,  of  which  you  have  just  made  a  rapid  sur- 
vey, are  but  the  outposts  of  the  group  of  rising  republics  still 
to  be,  —  all  passed  into  the  possession  of  the  United  States ; 
—  illustrious  record  of  the  profound  convictions  of  Napole- 
on, that  the  interest  of  France  and  the  equilibrium  of  Europe 
require  the  growth,  consolidation,  and  permanence  of  the 
American  Union. 

With  the  memory  of  these  significant  pages  of  our  history, 
and  with  these  impressive  recollections  of  the  great  founder 
of  your  dynasty,  your  Imperial  Highness  will  not  doubt  the 
pleasure  we  feel  in  the  visit  of  a  prince  of  his  family  and 
name,  who,  with  a  mind  already  richly  stored  with  the  fruits 


DINNER    TO    PRINCE    NAPOLEON.  463 

of  European  observation  and  experience,  has  come  to  esti- 
mate, from  personal  inspection,  the  importance  of  that  Union, 
which  France,  under  every  regime,  has  done  so  much  to  cheer 
and  aid  on  the  path  of  national  advancement.  We  should 
consider  the  language  of  mere  compliment  as  unworthy  of 
you,  sir,  and  ourselves,  but  we  deem  it  an  honor  to  welcome 
to  our  city  a  prince,  who,  not  now  for  the  first  time,  turns  his 
back  upon  the  splendors  of  one  of  the  most  brilliant  courts, 
and  the  fascinations  of  one  of  the  most  attractive  capitals  of 
Europe,  to  cross  seas  and  traverse  continents  in  the  grati- 
fication of  an  enlightened  curiosity,  and  the  cultivation  of 
those  liberal  tastes,  which,  while  they  raise  the  peasant  to 
a  level  with  the  peer,  give  grace  and  dignity  to  the  highest 
station,  and  reflect  new  lustre  even  to  the  steps  to  the  throne. 

It  adds,  greatly,  sir,  to  the  satisfaction  which  we  feel  in 
your  visit,  that  you  are  accompanied  by  an  illustrious  Prin- 
cess, who,  besides  all  her  personal  claims  on  our  respect,  de- 
mands our  homage,  as  the  daughter  of  the  favored  Sovereign, 
—  //  Re  g-alantuomo  —  the  King  of  Italy,  —  called  by  Provi- 
dence to  reclaim  that  lovely  land  from  long  ages  of  internal 
dissension  and,  its  necessary  consequence,  political  imbecility 
and  subjection  to  foreign  power;  with  the  aid  of  his  Great 
Ally,  to  build  up  a  glorious  Italian  nationality ;  and  to  prove 
by  a  bright  example  in  the  face  of  Europe  and  America, 
that  for  a  family  of  kindred  States  there  can  be  neither  peace 
nor  prosperity  at  home,  nor  consideration  nor  influence 
abroad,  but  in  a  harmonious  union  under  one  government. 

Be  pleased,  sir,  to  accept  our  best  wishes  for  your  prosper- 
ous return  to  France,  and  allow  us  to  hope  that  the  United 
States  will  retain  a  place  in  your  friendly  recollection  and 
enlightened  sympathy. 

I  pray  your  Excellency  (Governor  Andrew)  and  you,  gen- 
tlemen, to  rise  and  join  me  in  drinking  to 

The  health  of  their  Imperial  Majesties,  the  Emperor  and  Em- 
press of  the  French,  their  Imperial  Highnesses  Monseigneur 
the  Prince  Napoleon  and  the  Princess  Clothilde,  and  the 
prosperity  of  France,  —  the  earliest  ally  of  the  United  States. 


THE   CAUSES  AND   CONDUCT   OF  THE 
CIVIL  WAE  * 


We  sometimes  hear  the  remark,  that  the  season  for  words 
has  gone  by,  and  that  the  time  for  deeds  has  come.  This  is 
no  doubt  in  one  sense  true.  Involved  as  the  country  is  in  a 
war  of  tremendous  magnitude,  the  great  object  unquestion- 
ably is,  that  it  should  be  brought  as  speedily  as  possible  to  a 
triumphant  and  auspicious  close.  But  as  this  can  be  effected 
only  by  continuous  effort  on  the  part  of  the  loyal  people  of 
the  Union,  it  is  of  the  utmost  importance  to  this  end  that  the 
public  mind  should  be  fully  informed  as  to  the  nature  and 
causes  of  the  contest,  and  deeply  impressed  with  its  necessity. 
Our  patriotic  fellow-citizens  are  hurrying  to  the  field,  in  num- 
bers altogether  unprecedented  in  this  country,  and  not  often 
exceeded  in  any  country.  It  is  doubtful  whether,  in  the  Revo- 
lutionary War,  General  Washington  ever  found  himself  at  the 
head  of  fifteen  thousand  effective  troops  ;  there  are  now  eight 
or  ten  times  that  number  on  the  banks  of  the  Potomac,  while 
armies,  greater  than  were  ever  arrayed  in  the  war  of  Indepen- 
dence, are  on  foot  in  other  parts  of  the  country.  On  the  sea- 
board, not  only  the  entire  navy  of  the  country  (except  what 
fell  into  disloyal  hands  at  Norfolk),  but  as  large  a  supplemen- 
tary force  as  it  has  been  possible  to  engage,  is  actively  em- 
ployed. The  expense  of  supporting  these  great  armaments  is 
proportionably  heavy,  and  I  presume  already  equals  that  of 
the  entire  Revolutionary  War.  Vast  as  are  the  burdens  thus 
entailed  upon  us,  it  is  probable  that  the  sacrifices  and  losses 
resulting  from  the  paralysis  of  some  branches  of  business  and 

*  Delivered  before  the  Mercantile  Library  Association  of  Boston,  16th 
October,  1861,  and  repeated  in  many  places. 


CAUSES    AND    CONDUCT    OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.       465 

the  general  refusal  of  the  South,  —  not  without  some  hon- 
orable exceptions,  —  to  pay  their  debts  to  the  North,  amount 
to  a  sum  not  much  less  than  the  entire  public  expenditure. 

These  great  efforts  and  costly  sacrifices  have  been  willingly, 
cheerfully  made.  I  know  of  no  other  case  in  history  where 
such  an  uprising  of  an  entire  people  has  taken  place,  and 
where  a  community,  previously  divided  into  parties  strenu- 
ously contending  with  each  other,  has  found  itself  at  once 
drawn,  by  an  almost  unanimous  concert  of  opinion  and  feel- 
ing, into  the  hearty  support  of  a  contest  of  such  tremendous 
magnitude.  These  vast  armies,  in  the  absence  of  every  spe- 
cies of  legal  coercion,  have  been  promptly  raised  by  volun- 
tary enlistment,  and  the  credit  of  the  government  has  proved 
all  sufficient  to  command  the  requisite  means  for  their  sup- 
port. 

This  state  of  things  can  only  be  accounted  for  by  the  pro- 
found conviction,  on  the  part  of  the  masses  of  the  people  of 
all  former  political  creeds,  that  the  war  has  been  forced  upon 
us,  and  cannot  be  declined  either  with  honor  or  safety ;  that 
it  involves  consequences  vital,  not  merely  to  the  permanence 
of  the  Union,  but  to  the  existence  of  the  government,  I  may 
say  of  all  governments ;  and  that  the  highest  interests,  not 
merely  of  the  United  States,  but  of  the  civilized  world,  re- 
quire that  it  should  be  strenuously  prosecuted  to  a  successful 
result.  In  proportion  as  this  conviction  is  established  on 
rational  grounds,  and  sinks  deep  into  the  hearts  of  the  peo- 
ple, the  war  will  be  vigorously  carried  on,  and  the  efforts  and 
sacrifices  necessary  for  its  support  will  still  be  cheerfully 
made.  It  is  for  this  reason,  as  it  seems  to  me,  highly  desir- 
able, while  our  brave  fellow-citizens  are  encountering  the  dan- 
gers of  the  field,  that  their  minds  and  those  of  the  public  at 
large  should  be  fortified  with  clear  and  practical  views  of  the 
origin  and  character  of  the  war,  and  of  the  righteousness  of 
the  cause  for  which  the  masses  of  the  people  are  contributing 
their  means,  and  our  brethren  in  arms  are  risking  their  lives ; 
and  it  is  to  offer  you  some  suggestions  on  these  topics,  that  I 
have  now  the  honor  to  appear  before  you. 

I  will  say,  then,  in  the  first  place,  that  the  war,  on  the  part 
VOL.   iv.  30 


466  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

of  the  United  States,  is  in  no  degree  aggressive.  Persistent 
efforts  are  made  by  the  leaders  of  Secession  to  give  it  the 
opposite  character,  to  represent  it  as  an  aggressive  war,  under- 
taken on  the  part  of  the  North  for  the  purpose  of  subjugating 
the  South.  In  the  official  documents  and  proclamations  of 
the  Confederate  government  at  home  great  pains  are  taken 
to  ascribe  this  character  to  the  contest ;  while,  in  order  to 
enlist  the  sympathy  of  those  foreign  countries  which  derive 
their  supply  of  cotton  from  America,  every  effort  is  made  to 
inculcate  this  idea  in  Europe.  A  more  audacious  imposition 
was  never  attempted  on  the  credulity  of  the  world.  A  few 
ambitious  leaders  at  the  South,  principally  in  South  Carolina, 
having  begun  to  perceive,  some  thirty  years  ago,  that,  by  the 
rapid  multiplication  of  free  States,  and  the  not  less  rapid  in- 
crease of  their  population,  the  South  would,  in  no  long  time, 
lose  the  monopoly  of  the  national  government  which  she 
had  hitherto  enjoyed,  formed  the  design  of  breaking  up  the 
Union.  This  was  to  be  effected,  by  producing  upon  the 
popular  mind  of  the  South  the  impression  that  her  local  in- 
terests were  sacrificed  to  those  of  the  North  ;  absurd  as  such 
a  suggestion  was,  in  face  of  the  fact  that  the  South  had  al- 
ways possessed,  and  possessed  at  that  time,  a  controlling 
influence  in  the  government.  The  attempt  was  first  made  in 
reference  to  the  tariff.  The  cotton  fields  of  South  Carolina 
having  become  exhausted  by  a  long  course  of  improvident 
culture,  and  her  laboring  population  having  been  drawn  off 
to  the  fertile  regions  recently  opened  to  settlement  in  Ala- 
bama, Mississippi,  and  Louisiana,  the  unreflecting  masses 
were  easily  persuaded  by  these  designing  leaders  that  these 
effects  were  produced  by  the  laws  passed  for  the  protection 
of  branches  of  industry  principally  seated  at  the  North. 
Although  the  South  as  a  whole  was  eminently  prosperous ; 
although  the  new  States  I  have  just  named  were  filling  up 
with  inhabitants  much  more  rapidly  than  any  part  of  the 
North,  and  increasing  in  wealth  at  an  astonishing  rate ; 
although  the  cotton  interest,  originally  created  by  a  duty  of 
three  cents  the  pound  on  the  imported  article,  still  enjoyed 
that  bounty,  and  was  in  the  highest  degree  flourishing ;  al- 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAE.  467 

though  the  cultivation  of  sugar  in  Louisiana  was  introduced 
and  established  in  like  manner  by  a  heavy  protective  duty, 
—  the  politicians  of  the  Carolina  school  succeeded,  by  unre- 
mitted agitation,  in  persuading  their  deluded  followers  that 
the  South  was  suffering  grievous  oppression  on  the  part  of 
the  North. 

When  the  popular  mind  was  sufficiently  inflamed  by  two 
or  three  years'  incessant  reiteration  of  this  topic,  a  few  vague 
paragraphs  were  exhumed  from  the  Virginia  resolutions  of 
1798,  asserting  the  universally  admitted  axiom,  that  unconsti- 
tutional laws  are  null  and  void  (to  be  adjudged  so  of  course 
by  the  constituted  authorities),  and  from  this  theoretical 
truism  the  monstrous  heresy  was  deduced,  that  it  is  at  all 
times  competent  for  an  individual  State,  assembled  in  con- 
vention, to  release  her  citizens  from  obedience  to  any  act  of 
Congress  which,  after  years  of  maddening  agitation,  she  may 
think  proper  to  regard  as  unconstitutional.  On  this  theory, 
as  absurd  as  it  is  pernicious,  South  Carolina,  then  standing 
alone,  prepared  or  affected  to  prepare  in  1832  to  defy  at 
once  the  constitutional  authority  and  military  power  of  the 
United  States.  She  summoned  a  convention,  which  passed 
a  pretended  ordinance  of  nullification ;  called  out  the  mili- 
tary force  of  the  State ;  organized  and  drilled  her  population, 
purchased  arms  and  military  stores,  and  prepared  in  appear- 
ance at  least  for  a  gigantic  act  of  treason,  by  actually  levying 
war  against  the  United  States.  I  narrate  events  fresh  in  the 
recollection  of  men  of  my  day,  but  with  which  you,  young 
gentlemen,  are  less  familiar.  General  Jackson  was  then 
President.  His  military  tastes  and  habits,  his  personally  un- 
friendly relations  with  the  great  leader  of  nullification,  dating 
from  the  time  of  the  Seminole  war,  and  some  recent  griefs 
connected  with  the  formation  of  his  Cabinet,  all  ran  strongly 
with  the  current  of  his  official  duty.  General  Scott  was  sent 
with  an  adequate  force  to  Fort  Moultrie,  in  Charleston  Har- 
bor. A  magnificent  proclamation,  penned  by  Mr.  Edward 
Livingston,  was  issued  to  the  American  people ;  and  the  Pres- 
ident avowed  his  determination  to  take  the  field  in  person. 
Being  then  a  member  of  Congress,  and  having  occasion  to 


468  THE    CAUSES    AND    CONDUCT 

call  upon  him  on  some  business  of  a  constituent,  I  found  him 
in  his  reception-room,  delivering,  in  the  presence  of  some 
fifteen  or  twenty  persons  casually  assembled  there,  most  of 
whom  he  had  probably  never  seen  before,  a  sort  of  off-hand 
lecture  on  the  great  topic  of  the  day.  "  Mr.  Calhoun,"  said 
General  Jackson,  "  talks  of  the  constitutional  right  of  nullifi- 
cation, and  gets  a  few  county-court  lawyers  to  agree  with 
him,  as  if  any  constitution  could  provide  for  its  own  destruc- 
tion. If  he  means  the  law  of  nature,  that  's  another  thing ; 
that 's  Andrew  Jackson,  with  his  gun  on  his  shoulder,  and 
that  's  a  game  he  '11  find  that  two  can  play  at."  This  was  a 
definition  of  the  law  of  nature  rather  different  from  those  of 
Grotius  and  Puffendorf,  but  not  ill  adapted  to  the  exigencies 
of  the  moment.  General  Jackson  had  determined  to  set  his 
iron  heel  on  the  infant  rebellion.  Happily  for  its  leader,  the 
compromise  tariff  brought  forward  by  Mr.  Clay  at  the  next 
session  built  a  bridge  over  which  the  nullifiers  were  able  to 
make  a  not  wholly  ignominious  retreat.  Looking  back  with 
the  lights  of  experience  on  these  transactions,  there  is  good 
reason  for  the  opinion,  that  it  would  have  been  better  for  the 
country  if  this  unprincipled  conspiracy  had  run  its  natural 
course.  If  nullification  had  been  strangled  in  Carolina  by 
the  hero  of  New  Orleans  in  1832,  Secession  would  not  have 
reared  its  hydra  heads  throughout  the  South  in  1861. 

Having  mentioned  the  name  of  Mr.  Calhoun,  it  is  not  out 
of  place  to  say,  that  on  no  individual  of  the  present  genera- 
tion does  a  heavier  responsibility  rest  than  on  him  for  the 
present  state  of  the  country ;  and  of  few  of  our  public  men 
will  the  future  historian  find  it  so  difficult  to  make  a  fair  and 
candid  estimate.  He  was,  by  all  admission,  a  man  of  the 
most  exemplary  private  character,  a  pattern  of  all  the  virtues 
which  dignify  and  adorn  domestic  and  social  life;  as  a  public 
man,  no  one  has  exercised  a  more  baleful  influence  on  the 
country.  He  brought  to  Washington,  in  1812,  a  brilliant 
local  reputation.  The  Democratic  party  having  become  di- 
vided and  enfeebled  throughout  the  Union  by  the  unpopu- 
larity of  the  restrictive  system,  its  leaders  in  South  Carolina, 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  469 

in  order  to  infuse  new  vigor  into  its  ranks,  determined  on 
war  with  Great  Britain,  and  to  effect  that  object  sent  three 
young,  able,  and  aspiring  politicians  —  Messrs.  Calhoun, 
Cheves,  and  Lowndes  —  to  Congress.  The  measure  was 
forced  by  their  influence  upon  Mr.  Madison  and  his  Cabinet, 
and  the  declaration  was  drawn  by  Mr.  Calhoun  as  a  member 
of  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Affairs. 

From  that  time  till  his  decease  he  took  a  very  prominent 
part  in  our  politics,  as  a  leader  successively  of  two  parties 
diametrically  opposed  to  each  other.  Till  he  had  reached  the 
meridian  of  his  career,  he  was  the  great  head  at  the  South  of 
the  latitudinarian  school ;  a  friend  of  a  national  bank,  a  pro- 
tective tariff,  a  system  of  internal  improvements,  the  Congres- 
sional regulation  of  slavery  in  the  Territories,  and  a  liberal, 
not  to  say  profuse,  expenditure  of  public  money. 

These  views  caused  him  to  be  selected  in  Pennsylvania,  in 
1824,  as  her  first  choice  for  the  Presidency.  Her  preference, 
however,  having  been  suddenly  transferred  to  General  Jack- 
son, and  Mr.  Crawford,  the  leader  of  the  States'  Rights  party 
and  the  bitter  antagonist  of  Mr.  Calhoun,  having  been  struck 
down  by  disease,  Mr.  Calhoun,  elected  to  the  Vice-Presi- 
dency, and  by  more  Northern  than  Southern  votes,  passed  at 
one  bound  from  the  camp  of  the  Prodigals,  as  they  were 
called,  into  the  camp  of  the  Radicals,  and  became,  for  the 
rest  of  his  life,  a  strict  constructionist,  a  States'  Rights  man, 
a  vehement  opponent  of  internal  improvements,  of  the  tariff, 
of  Congressional  legislation  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  a  nulli- 
fier,  and,  as  his  political  friends  allege,  a  seceder. 

These  opposite  opinions  were  maintained  by  him,  as  he 
successively  held  them,  in  his  Congressional  speeches,  his  re- 
ports as  Secretary  of  War,  and  in  an  elaborate  treatise  on  the 
Constitution,  always  with  acuteness  and  plausibility,  some- 
times with  vigor.  His  intellectual  powers,  though,  as  it  seems 
to  me,  overrated,  were  of  a  high  order;  but  he  was  subtile 
rather  than  profound,  fanciful  rather  than  ingenious.  There 
is,  however,  no  play  of  the  imagination  in  his  works,  no  fervor. 
His  style,  whether  of  speaking  or  writing,  is  meagre,  cold,  and 
austere ;  his  statements  and  reasonings  very  rarely  enforced  by 


470  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

historical  illustration  or  moral  sentiment,  greatly  deficient  in 
the  sympathy  with  the  popular  mind  which  characterizes  Clay, 
and  wholly  wanting  in  that  majestic  common  sense  and  sound 
logic  which  gave  weight  to  every  sentence  of  Webster. 

Though  living  in  times  of  the  highest  excitement,  made 
such  in  no  small  degree  by  his  agency,  his  speeches,  for  the 
most  part,  are  as  arid  as  an  algebraical  demonstration.  The 
system  of  politics  upon  which  he  finally  settled  down,  though 
wild  and  impracticable  almost  beyond  belief,  if  it  were  not 
matter  of  history,  did  not  wander  far  beyond  the  abstractions 
of  the  Virginia  school,  whose  exploded  sophisms  he  attempted 
to  revive.  Few  persons  who  have  heard  of  "  nullification  " 
are  aware  of  the  portentous  absurdity  of  the  doctrine  as 
taught  by  Mr.  Calhoun.  He  did  not,  as  is  commonly  sup- 
posed, maintain  the  right  of  a  State  directly  to  annul,  as  far 
as  her  citizens  are  concerned,  an  act  of  Congress,  but  he  held 
that,  if  a  State  deemed  a  law  of  the  general  government  un- 
constitutional, she  might  suspend  its  operation  till  a  national 
convention  had  been  called  to  decide  the  question,  and  their 
report  should  be  accepted  by  three  fourths  of  the  States.  I 
need  not  say  that,  under  such  an  arrangement,  no  measure 
which  has  ever  divided  parties  in  this  country  could  have 
been  adopted;  for  there  never  was  a  greatly  controverted 
measure  which  has  not  in  some  quarter  been  deemed  uncon- 
stitutional ;  never  one  which,  after  having  been  the  subject 
of  vehement  agitation,  would  have  been  sustained  by  three 
fourths  of  the  States.  In  other  words,  Mr.  Calhoun's  doc- 
trine of  nullification  would  have  produced  an  entire  paralysis 
of  the  government.  Think,  too,  of  this  fantastic  power,  over- 
riding all  the  functions  of  government,  being  claimed  by  a 
strict  constructionist,  a  sworn  enemy  of  implied  powers,  and 
under  a  Constitution  which  does  not,  in  a  single  syllable,  rec- 
ognize the  existence  of  any  such  process. 

Mr.  Calhoun's  plan  for  protecting  the  two  sections  of  the 
country  from  hostile  legislation  against  each  other  was  still 
more  chimerical.  It  was  to  have  two  co-ordinate  Presidents 
of  the  United  States,  each  with  a  veto  on  the  acts  of  Con- 
gress.    This  idea  was  borrowed  from  the  ill-understood  Con- 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  471 

stitutions  of  Rome,  where  there  were  two  consuls,  in  addition 
to  the  balance  between  the  consular  and  tribunitian  power,  and 
of  Sparta,  where  there  were  two  kings.  I  must,  however,  give 
the  American  people,  South  as  well  as  North,  the  credit  of 
having  recoiled  from  the  plan  of  two  Presidents.  They  seem 
to  have  thought  that  one  was  as  much  as  they  could  bear,  at 
least  under  some  administrations.  It  is  difficult  to  treat  ab- 
surdities like  these  with  gravity ;  though  it  is  enough  to  make 
angels  weep,  that  these  vagaries  of  a  diseased  imagination, 
stimulated  into  morbid  activity  by  disappointed  ambition,  are 
the  remote  causes  of  the  civil  war  which  is  drenching  the 
country  in  blood. 

The  Union,  which,  in  1833,  was  rescued  from  the  assaults 
of  nullification,  was  but  reserved  for  the  severer  trial  which, 
after  the  lapse  of  another  generation,  is  now  brought  upon 
us.  General  Jackson,  with  prophetic  discernment,  declared 
in  August,  1833,  that  "  the  tariff  was  only  the  pretext,  and 
Disunion  and  a  Southern  confederacy  the  real  object.  The 
next  pretext,"  he  added,  "  will  be  the  negro  or  slavery  ques- 
tion." Events  were  not  slow  in  verifying  this  remarkable 
prediction.  Various  grave  occurrences  at  home  and  abroad 
had,  during  the  last  forty  years,  imparted  a  rapidly  increasing 
strength  to  the  antislavery  sentiment  of  Christendom,  and  pro- 
portional activity  to  the  discussion  of  the  subject  of  slavery  in 
all  its  bearings.  England,  after  the  general  pacification  of 
Europe  in  1815,  had  urged  the  abolition  of  the  African  slave- 
trade  with  great  warmth  and  energy  on  all  the  civilized  pow- 
ers. In  this  measure  the  United  States  cordially  co-operated 
with  England,  calling  upon  her  to  follow  our  example  in  de- 
claring that  traffic  piracy ;  which,  with  some  reluctance,  she 
did.  About  the  same  time  the  Missouri  compromise  took 
place ;  and  in  pursuance  of  a  policy  coeval  with  the  indepen- 
dence of  the  United  States,  and  first  legally  embodied  in  the 
ordinance  of  1787,  Congress,  after  fierce  debates,  renewed  for 
two  or  three  years,  prohibited  the  extension  of  slavery  into 
the  public  Territories  north  of  36°  30',  —  a  wise  and  moderate 
measure,  in  which  some  of  the  soundest  statesmen  co-ope- 


472  THE    CAUSES    AND    CONDUCT 

rated,  and  which  was  pronounced  by  Mr.  Pinckney,  the  mem- 
ber of  Congress  from   Charleston,  South  Carolina,  peculiarly 
advantageous  to  the  South.     In  1822  a  plot  for  a  negro  insur- 
rection was  discovered  in  Charleston,  and  the  public  sensibil- 
ity was  somewhat  moved  at  the  South  by  an  imputed  con- 
nection of  the  project  with  the  dissemination  of  the  debates 
on  the  Missouri   Compromise.     Then  followed  the  introduc- 
tion into    the  British   Parliament  of  the   resolutions   which 
looked  forward  to  the  abolition  of  slavery  in  the  British  West 
Indies,  —  a  measure  which  actually  took  place  ten  or  twelve 
years  later.     In  1831  the  Southampton  massacre  caused  an 
unrestricted  discussion  of  the  whole  subject  in  the  Legisla- 
ture of  Virginia,  in  which  the  evils  of  slavery  and  the  neces- 
sity of  ultimate  emancipation  were  urged  as  strenuously  at 
Richmond  as  they  ever  were  before  or  since  in  Old  England 
or  New  England.     The  great  accession  of  Southern  territory 
by  the  annexation  of  Texas,  and  the  conquest  of  the  Mexican 
provinces,  gave  to  the  discussions  thus  forced  upon  the  coun- 
try a  practical  bearing  which  they  had  never  possessed  be- 
fore.    The  great  majority  of  the  people  of  the  free  States 
shrunk  from  the  agitation  as  dangerous ;  both  the  great  polit- 
ical  parties    discountenanced  it;    but   in    a   country   where 
speech  and  the  press  are  free,  it  was  impossible  that  a  discus- 
sion of  this  kind  should  be  repressed.     The   South  from  the 
first  has  done  far  more  than  the  North  to  make  the  question 
of  slavery  an  element  of  party  politics;    till  an  action  and 
a  reaction  of  a  most  alarming  character  had  grown  up  be- 
tween the  two  sections  of  the  country,  for  which  her  respon- 
sibility is,  to  say  the  least,  equal  to  ours.     Your  own  recol- 
lection, my  friends,  will  furnish  facts  in  abundance  to  illus- 
trate these  remarks.     I  may  be  permitted  to  say  that,  for  my- 
self, I  greatly  deprecated  this  war  of  opinion  and  sentiment, 
fearful  that  it  would  prove  the  forerunner  of  still  more  disas- 
trous conflicts.      Anxious,  after  it  had  reached   a  menacing 
height,  to  do  what  little  I  was  able  to  do,  to  bring  a  countervail- 
ing sentiment  into  action,  and  feeling  that  there  was  still  one 
golden    chord    of  sympathy   unbroken    between    North    and 
South,  in  the  hope  of  contributing  something,  however  small, 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  473 

to  preserve  what  remained,  and  to  restore  what  was  lost  of 
kind  feeling  between  the  two  sections  of  the  Union,  I  devot- 
ed the  greater  part  of  my  time  for  three  or  four  years  -to  the 
attempt  to  give  new  strength  in  the  hearts  of  my  country- 
men to  the  last  patriotic  feeling  in  which  they  beat  in  entire 
unison,  —  veneration  and  love  for  the  name  of  Washington, 
and  reverence  for  the  place  of  his  rest. 

The  ambitious  leaders  of  the  South,  in  the  mean  time,  pur- 
sued, without  relaxation,  their  disloyal  purpose;  and  the 
steady  increase  of  agitation  in  all  parts  of  the  country,  fur- 
nished unhappily  but  too  much  aid  to  the  unrighteous  pro- 
ject. No  real  grievance  existed  beyond  what  is  inseparable 
from  human  affairs.  The  South  has  ever  been  the  spoiled 
and  fretful  child  of  the  Union ;  always  gratified  and  always 
murmuring.  Every  issue  raised  by  her  or  for  her  has  been 
settled  in  her  favor.  She  continued  to  monopolize  or  to  con- 
trol the  government  of  the  country  in  all  its  branches.  Her 
citizens,  or  Northern  men  possessing  her  confidence,  filled  the 
Presidential  chair.  Her  claims  were  sustained  by  majorities 
in  both  houses  of  Congress  ;  a  majority  of  the  justices  of 
the  Supreme  Court  were  Southern  men.  On  the  acquisition 
of  Mexican  territory,  she  dictated  the  terms  of  its  organiza- 
tion. In  1852  the  political  conventions  of  the  two  great 
parties  concurred  in  denouncing  antislavery  agitation,  and 
pledged  themselves  to  respect  the  constitutional  rights  of  the 
South.  In  the  same  year  she  carried,  by  an  overwhelming 
majority,  the  election  of  a  President  possessing  her  entire 
confidence.  In  1854  she  dictated  the  repeal  of  the  Missouri 
Compromise,  in  which  all  parties  had  acquiesced  as  a  meas- 
ure of  peace  for  thirty-four  years ;  and  from  that  time  till  last 
winter  the  whole  force  of  the  Federal  government  was  in- 
iquitously  exerted,  at  the  behest  of  the  South,  to  force  slavery 
upon  the  people  of  Kansas.  Nothing,  however,  satisfied  her, 
because  her  leaders  were  predetermined  not  to  be  satisfied. 
The  project  of  disunion  was  openly  avowed;  conventions 
having  that  treasonable  object  in  view  were  held,  and  prepa- 
rations, political  and  military,  everywhere  made  for  the  rup- 
ture. 


474  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

At  length  the  Presidential  election  of  1860  drew  on.     In  the 
progress  of  the  events  to  which  I  have  alluded  the  antislav- 
ery  feeling  of  the  North  had  been  greatly  intensified,  and  the 
Kepublican  party  augmented.     Conservatism  was  paralyzed, 
and  the  disunion  leaders   of  the   South   adroitly   effected  a 
schism  in    the   Democratic  party.     Had   they    succeeded  in 
choosing  their  candidate,  the  catastrophe   might   have  been 
averted  a  little  longer ;  but  they  did  not  expect,  probably  did 
not  wish,  to  succeed.     As  the  election  of  the  Republican  can- 
didate became  daily  more  probable,  the  preparations  for  the 
rebellion   were   matured.     South   Carolina  claimed  the    bad 
pre-eminence  of  leading  the  van,  and  placed  herself,  as  far  as 
her  resources  admitted,  in  a  state  of  military  readiness.     Sev- 
eral of  the  members  of  Mr.  Buchanan's  Cabinet  were  in  the 
secret  of  the   conspiracy,  and  favored   the    movement.     Mr. 
Floyd,  the    Secretary  of  War,  has   publicly  boasted  that  he 
resolved,  while  he  remained  in  office,  that  no  garrisons  should 
be  sent  to  the   fortresses   of  the  United   States.     Arms   and 
munitions    of  war  were  withdrawn    from  the   Northern    ar- 
senals and  navy-yards,  and  accumulated  at  the  South.     A  se- 
cret correspondence  was  carried  on  throughout  the  slavehold- 
ing  States,  in  which  definitive  arrangements  were  made  for 
the  severance  of  the  Union,  and  the  organization  of  a  pro- 
visional government,  and  the  plot  included   the  capture    of 
Washington,  and  the  seizure  of  the  public  archives,  —  the  ex- 
clusion of  the  President  elect  from  the  seat  of  government, 
and  the  installation  of  the  President  of  the  Southern   Con- 
federacy in  his  stead.     Incidental  to  this  plot,  but  not,  as  I 
cheerfully   admit,  contemplated  by  the  leaders,  —  concocted, 
rather,  by  desperadoes  not  in  their  confidence,  —  was  a  plan, 
as  I  have  been  informed  on   good  authority,  to  assassinate 
Mr.  Lincoln  on  his  road  to  Washington. 

Such  were  the  projects,  such  the  preparations,  to  take 
effect  on  the  election  of  the  Republican  candidate.  That 
event  took  place  ;  and  although  he  was  to  enter  upon  his 
administration  with  an  adverse  majority  in  both  houses  of 
Congress;  though  he  had  solemnly  pledged  himself,  in  his 
inaugural  address,  to  respect  the  rights  of  the  South,  his  elec- 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  475 

tion  was  the  signal  of  the  premeditated  secession  of  South 
Carolina.  She  would  wait  for  no  overt  acts  of  aggression 
by  the  Federal  government,  because  she  knew  none  would 
be  attempted.  Under  the  pretence,  as  flimsy  as  it  was  auda- 
cious, of  an  implied  right  to  secede,  by  the  adoption  of  an 
act  in  the  exercise  of  that  pretended  right,  she  proceeded  to 
violate  a  dozen  express  provisions  of  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States,  which  every  one  of  her  leaders  was  —  ay, 
and  is  —  under  oath  to  support. 

This  bad  example  caught  to  the  other  Cotton  States,  not 
one  of  whom,  any  more  than  South  Carolina,  had  ever  ex- 
perienced anything  but  blessings  from  the  General  Govern- 
ment; which  probably  never  in  the  aggregate  lost  half  a 
dozen  fugitive  slaves;  every  one  of  whom  was  in  the  enjoy- 
ment of  a  degree  of  industrial  prosperity  unsurpassed,  pos- 
sessing a  share  far  beyond  their  proportion  in  the  honors  and 
offices  of  the  government ;  some  of  them,  such  as  Florida, 
Louisiana,  and  Texas,  recently  acquired  at  enormous  cost  to 
the  Union,  and  protected  in  their  staple  products  by  the  very 
tariff  which  forms  a  prominent  article  on  the  catalogue  of 
Northern  oppressions. 

These  events  occurred  in  the  interregnum  which,  by  our 
constitutional  forms,  takes  place  between  an  outgoing  and  an 
incoming  administration,  when  the  former  is  paralyzed  by  its 
approaching  exit  from  power,  and  before  the  latter  is  in- 
stalled in  office.  It  was  a  season  of  anxious  expectation, 
peril,  and  gloom ;  the  fate  of  the  country  for  long  years  to 
come  depending,  to  all  human  appearance,  on  the  transac- 
tions of  that  lowering  and  inauspicious  winter.  Still,  how- 
ever, the  rebellion  was  confined  to  the  cotton  States  ;  the 
Cabinet  was  purged  of  its  disloyal  members ;  the  flag  of  the 
country  floated  over  Sumter,  guarded  by  the  lion-hearted 
Anderson ;  and  the  great  States  of  Virginia,  North  Carolina, 
and  Tennessee  showed,  by  their  adherence  to  the  Union, 
that  nothing,  in  their  opinion,  had  occurred  to  justify  its  rup- 
ture. Meantime  the  work  of  attempted  conciliation  was  pur- 
sued with  melancholy  perseverance.  Union  meetings  were 
held  in  the  principal  cities  of  the  North ;  a  peace  conference 


476  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

assembled  in  Washington ;  the  most  liberal  overtures  for  a 
fair  adjustment  of  the  great  sectional  controversy  were  made 
in  both  houses  of  Congress.  But  the  members  from  the  se- 
ceding States  successively  abandoned  their  seats,  and  those 
who  sympathized  with  them  remained  but  to  inflame  the 
public  mind  by  treasonable  harangues,  and  embarrass  every 
attempt  at  adjustment.  It  was  truly  said  by  one  of  the 
disunion  leaders,  that  if  the  North  would  offer  them  carte 
blanche  on  which  to  write  the  terms  of  reunion,  the  offer 
would  be  rejected. 

But  the  winter  passed  and  spring  came,  and  still  the  Cotton 
States  stood  alone.  The  Union  sentiment  was  strong  among 
the  masses  in  Virginia,  North  Carolina,  and  Tennessee,  and 
unless  those  States  could  be  carried  for  secession,  all  hope 
must  be  abandoned  of  Maryland,  Kentucky,  and  Missouri. 
The  project  for  seizing  the  capital  had  miscarried,  thanks  to 
the  vigilant  precautions  of  Joseph  Holt  and  General  Scott ; 
the  President  of  the  United  States  had  escaped  assassina- 
tion, and  had  been  peaceably  inaugurated,  and  had  pledged 
himself  in  his  address  to  respect  the  constitutional  rights  of 
every  part  of  the  country,  which,  indeed,  as  has  been  already 
remarked,  he  could  not,  with  an  adverse  majority  of  the  two 
houses,  have  invaded,  had  he  been  so  disposed.  Under  these 
circumstances  there  was  every  probability  that  secession,  con- 
fined to  the  cotton  States,  would  in  a  year  or  two  die  a 
natural  and  ignominious  death. 

The  disunion  leaders  saw  and  felt  the  danger,  and  looked 
round  for  the  means  of  "  firing  the  heart "  of  the  entire  South. 
The  great  object  was  to  gain  over  the  important  State  of 
Virginia.  Many  of  her  leading  politicians  were  disunion ists ; 
but  the  State,  upon  the  whole,  and  especially  the  western 
portion  of  it,  was  still  loyal  and  true.  She  must  have  been 
degenerate,  beyond  all-  names  of  degeneracy,  had  she  been 
otherwise.  The  Revolution  which  gave  us  the  Union  was 
conducted  to  its  auspicious  close  by  her  "Washington,  and  a 
solemn  injunction  to  adhere  to  it  formed  the  burden  of  his 
parting  words  to  his  fellow-citizens.  The  Constitution,  now 
trampled  by  the  seceding  States  in  the  dust,  was  as  much 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  477 

as  any  man's  the  work  of  her  Madison,  and  he  too,  with  his 
last  breath,  adjured  his  countrymen  never  to  destroy  it.  Her 
Marshall  did  more  than  any  other  man  to  develop  its  princi- 
ples, and  apply  them  to  the  expanding  relations  of  the  grow- 
ing family  of  States.  The  shades  of  these  illustrious  men 
pleaded  from  their  honored  graves  on  behalf  of  the  menaced 
Union,  but  they  pleaded  in  vain.  A  metaphysical  abstraction 
on  the  rights  of  the  States,  of  vague  and  doubtful  import 
when  first  propounded  sixty  years  before,  had  grown  into  a 
pernicious  practical  heresy.  Virginia  did  not  think  Caroli- 
na had  sufficient  cause  for  breaking  up  the  Union,  but  she 
thought  she  had  a  right  to  break  it  up.  Virginia  would  not 
join  her  in  seceding  for  cause,  but  if  her  right  to  secede 
was  questioned,  Virginia  would  join  her  in  maintaining  it. 
Virginia  would  not  rebel  with  the  Cotton  States  in  the  first 
instance,  but  she  would  rebel  with  them  if  the  United  States 
attempted  to  suppress  the  rebellion.  She  would  adhere  to 
the  Union,  but  upon  condition  that  the  Union  would  allow 
itself  to  be  dissolved,  and  cling  to  the  stars  and  stripes  pro- 
vided South  Carolina  was  permitted  with  impunity  to  tram- 
ple them  under  foot,  thus  showing  that  they  were  not  worth 
clinging  to.  The  Cotton  States  seceded  under  the  pretence 
of  certain  wrongs  and  grievances.  The  wrongs  and  griev- 
ances were  fictitious  and  imaginary,  but  they  furnished  the 
semblance  of  a  justification.  Virginia,  by  her  refusal  to  join 
the  insurrection  in  its  inception,  admits  that  it  was  causeless ; 
but  joins  it,  in  the  sequel,  because  the  government  agrees 
with  her  in  that  opinion,  and  takes  measures  to  suppress  the 
insurrection.  The  disunionists  in  the  Cotton  States  have  the 
grace  to  pretend  that  they  secede  because  slavery  is  men- 
aced ;  the  disunionists  in  Virginia  rebel  because  a  hair-split- 
ting sophism  is  contradicted;  they  are  willing  to  plunge  the 
country  into  the  fiery  and  bloody  chaos  of  civil  war,  to  prove 
that  Mr.  Madison  did  not  know  the  meaning  of  his  own  res- 
olutions. 

Aware  of  the  existence  of  these  views,  on  the  part  of  the 
disunionists  of  Virginia,  the  leaders  of  the  extreme  South, 
fearful  that,  from  the  causes  above  indicated,  some  honorable 


478  THE    CAUSES    AND   CONDUCT 

adjustment  might,  at  the  last,  take  place  which  would  leave 
the  Cotton  States  isolated  and  exposed  to  the  just  conse- 
quences of  their  unnatural  revolt,  cast  round,  as  I  have  said, 
for  the  means  of  drawing  the  border  States,  and  especially 
Virginia,  their  acknowledged  representative,  into  the  Con- 
federacy. 

Two  measures  were  resorted  to  for  the  sake  of  accomplishing 
this  object,  —  one  of  consummate  legislative  astuteness,  the 
other  of  desperate  violence.  Such  is  the  state  of  agriculture 
in  Eastern  Virginia,  and  proportion  ably  in  most  of  the  other 
border  States,  that  the  vaiue  of  their  slave  property  is  en- 
tirely sustained  by  the  domestic  slave-trade,  carried  on  with 
the  cotton  and  sugar  growing  States  of  the  South.  I  was 
told  in  Richmond  that  one  hundred  slaves  were  sent  to  the 
South  for  sale  every  day  in  the  year.  On  two  occasions  that 
I  have  passed  from  Richmond  to  Petersburg  this  estimate  has 
been  borne  out  by  the  fact.  The  number  of  slaves  daily  sent  to 
the  South  is  probably  overstated,  as  a  calculation  for  the  entire 
year,  but  it  is  no  doubt  very  great,  —  sufficient  to  produce 
an  important  pecuniary  return,  and  to  sustain  the  value  of 
the  residue.  In  this  way  the  inter-state  slave-trade  is  in  reality 
the  controlling  interest  of  Eastern  Virginia.  In  conformity 
with  this  fact,  when  the  reopening  of  the  African  slave-trade 
was  recommended  at  a  Southern  convention,  a  year  or  two 
since,  it  was  vehemently  opposed  by  the  politicians  of  Vir- 
ginia, who  were  not  probably  influenced  by  ethical  or  philan- 
thropical  scruples.  The  sagacious  leaders  of  secession  at 
Montgomery,  well  aware  of  this  state  of  things,  among  the 
provisions  of  their  constitution  adopted  one  by  which  the 
African  slave-trade  was  prohibited.  This  was  followed  up 
by  an  early  enactment  forbidding  the  introduction  of  slaves 
into  the  Confederacy,  from  States  not  belonging  to  it,  —  thus 
holding  out  at  once  a  lure  and  a  threat  to  all  the  border  States 
which  might  hesitate  to  join  them. 

These  measures  struck  at  the  vital  interests  of  the  border 
States,  when  it  was  well  understood  that,  if  they  continued 
to  stand  aloof,  the  constitutional  prohibition  would  be  with- 
drawn, and  the  African  slave-trade  be  reopened.     Still,  how- 


OF   THE   CIVIL   WAR.  479 

ever,  it  was  possible  that  Virginia  with  her  sister  States  of  the 
border  might  not  be  willing  to  go  before  the  world  as  part- 
ners in  a  revolt  which,  as  far  as  she  was  concerned,  had  no 
higher  or  nobler  motive  than  that  of  continuing  to  stock  the 
plantations  of  Mississippi  and  Louisiana.  At  any  rate,  the 
cause  of  secession  did  not  flourish  within  the  hallowed  pre- 
cincts of  Mount  Vernon. 

Then  it  was  that  the  other  measure  was  resorted  to,  and  the 
desperate  resolve  was  taken  by  South  Carolina  to  let  loose 
the  dogs  of  war.  She  had  been  assured  that  the  troops  of 
the  United  States  would  not  be  permitted  by  Virginia  to 
march  over  her  borders,  and  she  had  been  told  by  an  ill- 
omened  voice  from  that  State,  "  that,  the  very  moment  blood 
was  shed,  Virginia  would  make  common  cause  with  her  sis- 
ters of  the  South."  The  inhuman  resolution  was  accordingly 
adopted,  in  concert  between  Richmond,  Charleston,  and  Mont- 
gomery, to  proceed  to  the  last  dire  extremity  against  Fort 
Sumter,  —  a  spectacle  which,  in  some  of  its  atrocious  fea- 
tures, was  probably  never  before  witnessed  by  the  eyes  of 
civilized  men.  A  fortress  constructed  by  the  general  govern- 
ment for  the  defence  of  one  of  the  seaports  of  the  United 
States,  upon  an  island  ceded  by  South  Carolina,  and  belong- 
ing to  the  Union  as  much  as  the  District  of  Columbia ; 
treacherously  left  by  the  sworn  officials  of  the  United  States, 
whose  duty  it  was  to  arm  and  man  it,  in  a  most  inadequate 
state  of  defence;  garrisoned  by  a  single  overworked  and  un- 
derfed company,  their  stock  of  provisions  reduced  to  a  scanty 
supply  for  forty-eight  hours  ;  surrounded  by  eleven  powerful 
batteries  on  the  neighboring  islands,  manned  by  eight  or 
ten  thousand  troops,  commanded  —  oh!  eternal  shame!  —  by 
brother  officers,  educated  at  the  expense  and  sworn  to  the  service 
of  the  United  States,  beholden  to  the  common  treasury  for  the 
bullion  in  their  epaulettes  ;  in  the  absence  of  all  provocation, 
in  the  face  of  a  disclaimer  on  the  part  of  the  general  gov- 
ernment of  any  design  to  reinforce  the  fortress ;  without  an 
aggressive  gun  being  fired  from  the  beleaguered  fort ;  in  time 
of  profound  peace,  and  for  the  cold-blooded  purpose  of  draw- 
ing States  yet  loyal  into  the  vortex  of  rebellion ;  in  the  pres- 


480  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

ence  of  the  entire  population  of  Charleston  gazing  upon  the 
abominable  scene  from  house-top  and  steeple  as  upon  a  joy- 
ous pageant,  —  was  rained  upon  for  thirty-six  hours  by  a 
merciless  storm  of  red-hot  balls  and  bursting  shells,  till  the 
flag  of  the  Union,  which  never  went  down  before  a  foreign 
foe,  sunk  amidst  crackling  walls  and  sulphurous  flames  and 
blazing  quarters,  and  its  gallant  defenders  were  stretched, 
suffocating  and  exhausted,  on  the  pavements  of  the  case- 
mates. 

No  plea  of  military  necessity  justified  the  treasonable  out 
rage.  Charleston  was  not  within  reach  of  the  guns  of  Sum- 
ter ;  the  government  disclaimed,  as  I  have  said,  the  design  of 
reinforcing  the  garrison;  the  noble  Anderson  had  informed 
his  chivalrous  besiegers,  that  in  two  more  days  he  should  be 
starved  out.  The  act  of  overt  treason  was  committed  on  a 
cool  calculation  of  political  effect;  the  guilty  risk  of  blood- 
shed (providentially  averted)  was  incurred;  the  dismal  war- 
cry  of  "Havoc!"  was  raised  simply  and  solely  "to  fire 
the  blood  of  the  South  " ;  to  compel  the  general  government 
to  put  its  military  power  in  motion,  and  thus  to  coerce  Vir- 
ginia, already  tempted  on  the  side  of  her  interest,  and  bewil- 
dered in  the  maze  of  her  disloyal  metaphysics,  to  cast  in  her 
lot  with  the  Cotton  States. 

That  this  outrage  was  a  preconcerted  and  deliberate  act 
of  war,  undertaken  with  plenary  foresight  of  its  consequences, 
is  not  matter  of  conjecture.  At  four  o'clock  in  the  morning 
of  the  12th  of  April  the  bombardment  began,  and  on  that 
selfsame  day  the  inauspicious  tidings,  transmitted  by  the 
telegraph  wires,  were  hailed  with  wild  triumph  at  the  seat  of 
the  Confederate  government  at  Montgomery.  The  President 
and  the  members  of  his  Cabinet  were  serenaded,  salutes  of 
artillery  were  fired ;  the  whole  population  was  in  a  frenzy  of 
joy.  The  Secretary  of  War  declared  to  the  excited  multi- 
tude that  "  no  one  could  tell  where  the  war  this  day  inaugu- 
rated would  end,  but  he  would  prophesy  that  the  flag  which 
now  flaunts  the  breeze  would  float  over  the  dome  of  the  old 
Capitol  at  Washington  before  the  1st  of  May.  Let  them  try 
Southern  chivalry  and  test  the  extent  of  Southern  resources, 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  481 

and  it  might  float  eventually  over  Faneuil  Hall  itself." 
The  Confederate  government  has  since  thought  it  politic  to 
disclaim  the  design  of  any  aggressive  movement,  and  the  brag- 
gart prediction  of  its  War  Secretary  has  been  pronounced  the 
unpremeditated  sally  of  personal  feeling.  It  is  a  sufficient 
answer  to  this  mean  and  childish  plea,  that  the  threat  of  Mr. 
Walker  was  echoed  by  the  universal  Confederate  press,  and 
that  military  preparations,  on  the  broadest  scale,  had  for  a 
twelvemonth  been  going  on. 

But  this  outrage  of  Fort  Sumter  had  providentially  two  con- 
sequences, which  had  not  probably  been  distinctly  anticipated. 
Its  primary  object  of  course  was  to  fire  the  heart  of  the  South, 
and  to  force  the  border  States  to  join  in  the  rebellion.  That 
was  foreseen  and  intended.  What  was  not  foreseen,  what 
was  not  intended,  it  fired  still  more  warmly  the  heart  of 
the  North,  and  united  all  parties  and  all  opinions  in  the  con- 
viction that  the  Union  must  be  defended  against  the  impend- 
ing danger  of  dissolution.  Looking  back  upon  the  march 
of  events  by  the  lights  of  experience,  though  at  the  time  the 
fall  of  Sumter  gave  me  a  pang  to  which  no  words  can  do 
justice,  and  though  I  still  regard  it  as  an  act  of  mingled  cow- 
ardice, audacity,  and  wickedness,  to  which  it  would  not  be  easy 
to  find  a  parallel,  yet  I  am  not  sure  that  anything  less  start- 
ling, anything  less  flagrant,  anything  less  outrageous,  could 
sufficiently  have  stirred  the  indignation  of  the  country.  It 
was  an  act  by  which  the  disunionists  not  merely  disdainfully 
refused  to  drink  the  proffered  cup  of  conciliation,  but  con- 
temptuously dashed  it  in  the  face  of  the  North. 

There  was  another  effect  of  the  appeal  to  arms,  which  had 
been  still  less  distinctly  foreseen  by  those  most  nearly  con- 
cerned. The  Confederate  leaders,  as  we  have  seen,  had  been 
spurred  forward  by  the  assurance  that,  "  the  moment  the 
conflict  began,  old  Virginia  would  dispute  with  South  Caro- 
lina the  precedence  in  the  great  combat."  The  conflict  be- 
gan; the  banner  of  the  Union  went  down  in  Charleston 
Harbor ;  in  pursuance  of  the  menace  of  its  War  Secretary,  the 
armies  of  the  Confederacy  were  immediately  directed  on 
Washington;  and  the  whole  burden  of  the  campaign  was 
VOL.   iv.  31 


482  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

magnanimously  transferred  from  the  Cotton  States,  where  the 
war  was  planned  and  inaugurated,  to  the  shoulders  of  poor 
Virginia,  which,  against  the  wishes  and  convictions  of  the 
mass  of  her  population,  has,  in  the  manner  stated,  been  en- 
gineered into  the  war.  All  the  sad  consequences  of  civil  strife, 
the  universal  stagnation  of  peaceful  industry,  scattered  fami- 
lies, desolated  villages,  ravaged  fields,  dwellings  reduced  to 
ashes,  scarcity,  disease,  and  rumors  of  war,  worse  than  the 
reality,  the  equal  infliction  of  friend  and  foe,  are  scourging 
her  northern  frontier;  while  she  herself,  the  better  to  show 
the  emptiness  of  the  pretext  that  she  is  engaged  in  the  war 
for  the  assertion  of  the  right  of  self-government,  proclaims 
to  the  citizens  of  her  own  western  district,  —  a  good  third 
of  her  free  population,  more  than  a  third  of  her  territory; 
a  people  who  differ  in  all  their  pursuits  from  those  of  Eastern 
Virginia,  as  much  as  those  of  North  and  South  differ  from 
each  other,  —  that  if  they  do  not  choose  to  join  the  rebellion, 
they  must  leave  the  State.  In  the  same  spirit,  the  most  des- 
perate efforts  are  making  in  Missouri  and  Kentucky  to  drive 
these  States  into  the  arms  of  the  Confederacy  against  the 
known  loyal  feelings  of  the  masses  of  their  citizens. 

So  little  foundation  is  there  for  the  pretence  on  the  part  of 
the  South,  that  she  is  engaged  in  a  defensive  war ;  on  the 
contrary,  it  is  in  some  respects,  and  those  perhaps  not  duly 
considered,  the  most  aggressive  war  that  was  ever  waged. 
As  the  position  of  the  United  States  in  the  family  of  na- 
tions is  to  some  extent  peculiar,  so  the  war  which  the  South 
has  inaugurated,  should  it  succeed  in  effecting  its  objects, 
would  prove  a  national  suicide  such  as  the  world  has  perhaps 
never  before  witnessed.  Our  political  system,  such  as  it 
existed  before  the  rebellion,  might  be  considered  as  unique  in 
the  world.  The  separate  State  governments  provided  for  the 
administration  of  local  affairs  and  the  guardianship  of  local 
interests,  without  the  inconveniences  of  that  centralization 
which,  in  the  powerful  states  of  Europe,  though  their  terri- 
tory is  so  much  smaller  than  ours,  is  the  cause  of  annoying 
delay,  sometimes  of  more  serious  evils,  in  all  the  functions 
of  government.     This  beautiful  organization  carried  with  it 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  483 

a  principle  of  expansion,  by  which  Territory  after  Territory 
and  State  after  State  might  be  adopted  into  the  national  fam- 
ily, without  the  slightest  disturbance  of  pre-existing  relations. 
At  the  same  time,  for  all  essentially  national  concerns,  —  the 
great  interests  of  war,  peace,  navigation,  currency,  foreign 
affairs,  army,  navy,  post-office,  internal  trade,  intercourse  with 
the  Indian  tribes,  and  the  administration  of  justice  between 
the  citizens  of  different  States,  —  the  general  government,  in 
its  various  departments,  without  infringing  upon  local  rights, 
moulded  all  into  one  people.  As  the  system  in  its  nature 
admitted  an  indefinite  expansion,  our  own  brief  history  had 
witnessed  a  growth  from  less  than  three  millions  to  more 
than  thirty,  from  thirteen  States  to  thirty-four.  There  was 
really  no  reason  why  another  century,  by  the  same  ratio  of 
increase,  should  not  produce  a  population  equalling  that  of 
the  Chinese  Empire,  speaking  one  language,  obeying  one  law, 
held  together,  not  by  a  despotic  centralization,  but  by  a  fed- 
erative unity,  felt  only  in  its  blessings.  Who  can  measure  the 
beneficent  influence  of  such  a  system  in  the  lapse  of  ages, 
in  settling  local  controversies,  obviating  the  necessity  of  great 
armies  and  border  fortresses,  establishing  a  uniform  currency 
over  so  vast  a  territory,  opening  the  pathways  of  trade  across 
a  continent  without  frontier  custom-houses,  and  retrenching 
the  vast  expenditure  of  thirty  rival  and  jealous  independen- 
cies? At  this  transcendently  beautiful  system  secession  aims 
a  deadly  blow ;  splits  the  country  at  once  into  two  rival,  jeal- 
ous, hostile  powers;  two  general  governments  instead  of  one; 
two  armies,  two  national  judiciaries,  two  revenue  systems ;  and, 
worst  result  of  all,  two  powers  of  an  inferior  order,  instead  of 
one  that  might,  in  the  harmony  of  its  united  strength,  have 
defied  the  world  in  arms.  Two  did  I  say  ?  let  no  man,  North 
or  South,  delude  himself  with  the  idea  that,  if  the  principle 
of  secession  is  established,  the  progress  of  disintegration  will 
stop  with  the  division  into  two  confederacies.  Admit  the 
doctrine  that  the  Union  is  indeed  but  a  rope  of  sand,  and  that 
each  and  every  State  may  leave  it  at  pleasure,  and  the  pro- 
cess would  infallibly  go  on;  and  as  local  controversies  and 
border  quarrels  should  arise,  —  such  as  in  the  weakness  of 


484  THE    CAUSES    AND    CONDUCT 

humanity  must  ever  be  anticipated,  such  as  have  existed  from 
the  settlement  of  the  country  between  many  of  our  con- 
terminous States,  —  instead  of  amicable  adjustment  under 
the  control  of  a  Federal  government,  the  decision  of  Fed- 
eral courts,  and  the  influence  of  Federal  associations,  State 
after  State,  goaded  by  demagogues,  the  standing  curse  of 
free  governments,  would  successively  break  away,  the  en- 
tire confederate  system  drop  to  pieces,  and  this  great  pros- 
perous Union,  like  the  German  Empire  in  the  Middle  Ages, 
be  broken  up  into  hundreds  of  contemptible  principalities. 

Look  already  at  the  first  fruits  of  secession,  and  tell  me  if 
it  is  not  aggressive.  It  struck  its  first  blow  at  Sumter  just 
as  the  furrow  was  turned  in  the  cornfields.  The  ripened 
ears  are  hardly  gathered  in,  and  what  do  we  hear  and  see  ? 
Our  consideration  and  influence  abroad  already  for  the  time 
annihilated;  the  foreign  press,  like  a  bird  of  evil  omen,  flapping 
its  raven  wings,  and  chanting  its  inauspicious  screams,  "  Art 
thou  become  like  unto  us  ?  "  Spain  re-establishing  herself 
in  St.  Domingo ;  France,  England,  and  Spain  concerting  the 
re-colonization  of  Mexico ;  the  war-whoop  of  the  savage 
ringing  on  the  frontier ;  a  swarm  of  pirates  let  loose  from  the 
South  on  the  commerce  of  the  United  States ;  the  Southern 
ports  sealed  up  by  our  navy  in  self-defence ;  all  friendly  inter- 
course between  the  two  sections  cut  off;  the  kindred  ties  of  a 
thousand  families  broken  ;  the  Southern  staples  piled  up  on  the 
plantations ;  the  market  of  the  Northern  fabrics  which  should 
have  been  given  in  exchange  for  them  paralyzed  ;  a  daily  ex- 
penditure of  a  million  and  a  quarter  of  dollars  forced  on  the 
North ;  an  unpaid  liability  to  an  equal  amount  accumulated 
in  the  South ;  a  debt  of  two  hundred  millions  from  the  South 
to  the  North  repudiated ;  the  nameless  horrors  of  the  battle- 
field ;  the  languishing  prisoner ;  and  oh !  darker  and  sadder 
still,  the  hundreds  —  must  I  not  say  the  thousands?  —  of  our 
fallen  citizens,  stark  and  stiff  in  their  bloody  graves.  This  is 
what  secession  has  done  in  six  months,  and  the  country  is  at 
this  moment  bracing  every  limb,  and  straining  every  muscle, 
and  cording  up  every  nerve,  for  efforts,  and  if  necessary  for 
sacrifices,  compared  with  which  all  that  has  hitherto  taken 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  485 

place  is  an  infant's  sport,  a  midsummer  night's  dream.  And 
when  we  think  that  ail  this  stupendous  mischief  has  been 
wrought  by  eight  or  ten  aspiring  men,  that  we  could  count  on 
the  fingers  of  the  two  hands  the  individuals  whose  unchas- 
tened  ambition  has  brought  these  boundless  woes  on  the  land, 
may  we  not,  without  failing  in  Christian  charity,  exclaim, — 

"  O,  is  there  not  some  hidden  curse, 
Some  chosen  thunder  in  the  stores  of  heaven, 
Red  with  uncommon  wrath  to  blast  the  man 
That  seeks  his  greatness  in  his  country's  ruin  ?  " 

But  it  is  when  I  contemplate  the  effect  of  secession  on  the 
foreign  relations  of  the  country,  that  I  am  amazed  at  the 
fatuity,  the  madness,  of  its  leaders.  A  series  of  fortunate 
events,  rather  let  me  say  Providential  interpositions,  —  the 
success  of  the  Revolutionary  War,  the  happy  establishment 
of  the  Federal  government,  the  preservation  of  our  neutral- 
ity during  the  wars  of  the  French  Revolution,  the  cession 
of  Louisiana,  and  other  causes  political  and  moral,  —  had  built 
up  the  United  States  into  a  first-rate  commercial  and  naval 
power,  strong  enough  and  respectable  enough  not  only  to 
answer  every  purpose  of  national  defence  and  safety,  but 
every  condition  of  just  influence,  every  impulse  of  honor- 
able ambition.  In  this  character  the  Union  has  just  been 
acknowledged  by  one  of  the  oldest  and  most  powerful  Europe- 
an monarchies  "  as  an  essential  element  in  the  universal  polit- 
ical equilibrium."  From  this  vantage-ground  secession  strikes 
us  down,  by  a  blow  at  once  murderous  and  suicidal.  Does  any 
one  suppose,  if  this  wicked  rebellion  holds  its  natural  course, 
that,  in  any  future  controversy  with  foreign  powers,  our  rights, 
and  not  their  interest,  will  dictate  the  decision  ?  It  has  been 
with  the  utmost  difficulty  that  we  could  cause  them  to  be 
respected  of  late  years,  while  we  have  presented  a  united 
front  to  the  world.  Who  will  heed  our  reclamations,  while 
our  hands  are  clenched  in  the  death-gripe  at  each  other's 
throats,  and  foreign  powers,  with  the  traditionary  craft  of 
third  parties,  will  have  nothing  to  do  but  to  throw  their  weight, 
now  into  this  scale,  now  into  that,  as  the  interest  or  caprice 
of  the  moment  may  dictate  ?     Nine  years  ago  we  were  ready 


486  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

to  plunge  into  a  war  with  England,  because  she  sought  to 
deprive  us  of  a  few  frozen  acres  in  the  northeastern  corner  of 
Maine  ;  four  years  later  we  resolved,  on  the  same  high  respon- 
sibility, that  she  should  not  crowd  us  down  below  the  forty- 
ninth  parallel  of  latitude  on  the  coast  of  the  Pacific.  It  is 
little  to  say,  that,  had  the  present  state  of  things  existed  then, 
she  would  have  laughed  our  territorial  claims — just  as  they 
were  —  to  scorn. 

But  of  what  account  were  those  paltry  sacrifices,  —  a  corner 
of  Maine,  a  corner  of  Oregon,  —  which  we  were  so  lately  will- 
ing to  avert  at  the  cost  of  a  war,  when  we  see  secession  rob- 
bing herself  of  all  t-he  Northern  States,  robbing  the  North  of  all 
the  Southern  States,  and  drenching  the  intervening  border 
land  in  blood  ?  No  power  in  Europe,  in  a  seven  years'  con- 
test, could  have  pushed  the  war  into  the  heart  of  the  country 
as  this  accursed  rebellion  has  done  in  the  six  months  that 
have  elapsed  since  the  outrage  on  Sumter. 

And  then  to  think  of  the  future.  If  the  South  has  been 
willing,  without  the  shadow  of  a  practical  grievance,  living 
under  a  government  which  the  Vice-President  of  the  Con- 
federacy pronounced  last  November  the  most  beneficent  ever 
known,  of  which  she  has  herself  almost  monopolized  the 
administration,  and  of  which  the  judicial  and  legislative  de- 
partments were  still  within  her  control,  to  plunge  into  the 
gulf  of  this  unholy  war,  when,  in  the  name  of  Heaven,  and  on 
what  terms,  shall  we  ever  live  in  peace  ?  Do  you  say  we  can 
make  treaties  with  each  other  as  independent  States?  But 
are  treaties  more  binding  than  constitutions?  ratifications 
more  sacred  than  oaths  of  allegiance  ?  The  grievance  on 
which  the  South  most  dwells  is  that  the  North,  in  pursuance 
of  a  policy  inaugurated  by  Mr.  Jefferson  in  1784,  and  sanc- 
tioned by  every  Southern  statesman  till  the  last  ten  years, 
claims  the  right,  on  the  part  of  the  general  government,  to  ex- 
clude slavery  from  the  free  territory  of  the  United  States.  Does 
she  think  that,  when  the  Southern  Confederacy  is  established, 
the  free  States  will  consent  to  the  extension  of  slavery  (even 
if  it  were  physically  or  economically  possible,  which  it  is  not) 
north  of  the  Missouri  line,  which  she  recklessly  repealed  in 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  487 

1854?  No,  not  if  the  venerable  Chief  Justice  should  live 
to  the  age  of  Methuselah,  and  pronounce  a  Dred  Scott  de- 
cision every  year  of  his  life.  She  now  complains  that  the 
rendition  of  slaves  is  obstructed ;  does  she  think  if  secession 
prospers,  that  a  single  fugitive  will  ever  again  be  surrendered 
from  the  North  ?  No,  not  if  she  pursued  with  all  the  hosts 
of  Pharaoh,  unless  she  waited  on  the  banks  of  the  Potomac  till 
it  ran  dry.  The  South  is  irritated  by  the  indiscriminate 
denunciations  of  the  Northern  platform  and  the  Northern  pul- 
pit; will  they  be  silenced  when,  for  the  sake  of  forcing  slavery 
into  the  Territories,  she  has  broken  up  the  Union,  and  brought 
upon  the  country  the  horrors  of  an  internecine  war  ?  In  a  word, 
will  not  every  provocation  which  has  led  to  the  present  struggle 
continue  to  exist  in  tenfold  force,  if  it  should  end  in  separa- 
tion, and  when,  to  all  the  existing  causes  of  dissension  which 
have  brought  on  the  present  conflict,  shall  be  added  the  indig- 
nant memory  of  recent  sufferings,  the  hereditary  hates  to 
be  engendered,  hostile  tariffs,  wholesale  smuggling,  ruinous 
confiscations  of  property  on  both  sides,  a  general  exodus  of 
slaves,  the  perpetual  recurrence  of  attempts  like  that  of  John 
Brown,  and  all  the  thousand  causes  of  war  which  will  una- 
voidably arise,  in  the  absence  of  the  mediating  umpirage  of 
the  Federal  Constitution  ? 

Look  at  other  countries ;  interrogate  history ;  listen  to  the 
wisdom  of  ages.  The  journalists  and  statesmen  and  novel- 
ists of  England  are  assuring  us  (no  doubt  from  the  most  dis- 
interested motives),  that  the  rupture  of  the  Union  would  be 
the  best  thing  in  the  world  for  us.  Did  England  think  that 
the  disintegrating  of  great  states  was  beneficial  when  India 
rebelled,  when  Ireland  rebelled,  when  Scotland  rebelled? 
Why  does  she  not  try  the  experiment  of  bringing  back  the 
Octarchy  ?  Spain  once  contained  within  her  limits  seven  or 
eight  independent  kingdoms ;  would  it  promote  the  welfare 
of  the  country,  if  Castile  and  Aragon  and  Grenada  and  Leon 
and  the  Asturias  should  again  set  up  for  themselves  ?  The 
civilized  world  has  clapped  its  hands  at  the  union  of  the  dif- 
ferent governments  of  Italy,  under  one  national  head.  Do 
the  sages  of  Montgomery  and  Richmond  really  think  it  would 


488  THE  CAUSES  AND  CONDUCT 

be  better  if  they  should  tell  Victor  Emmanuel  and  Garibaldi 
to  go  about  their  business,  and  let  Tuscany  and  the  Two  Sici- 
lies, and  Sardinia  and  Lombardy,  in  the  favorite  Southern  for- 
mula, "retain  each  its  sovereignty,  freedom,  and  indepen- 
dence?" Germany  broke  up  in  the  Middle  Ages  into  three 
hundred  and  odd  sovereign  principalities.  Do  the  wise  men  of 
the  South,  in  the  execrable  jargon  of  secession,  recommend  to 
the  mediortized  princes  to  plant  themselves  on  their  reserved 
rights,  and  reassert  their  independence  ?  Is  it  not  enough  to 
move  the  pity  of  men  and  angels,  that,  in  the  middle  of  an  en- 
lightened century,  in  a  land  so  favored  as  ours  by  Providence, 
with  everything  that  can  promote  the  welfare  of  a  people,  men 
should  be  found  not  merely  so  insensible  to  their  own  bless- 
ings, and  so  recreant  to  the  memory  of  our  fathers,  the  sages 
of  the  constitutional,  the  heroes  of  the  Revolutionary  age,  but 
so  deaf  to  the  teachings  of  all  history,  so  blind  to  the  exam- 
ples of  all  countries,  so  regardless  to  the  experience  of  all 
ages,  as  to  believe  that  the  happiness  and  peace  of  a  family 
of  kindred  States  can  be  promoted  by  the  rupture  of  the 
Union  that  binds  them  together,  and  resolving  them  into  rival, 
jealous,  and  hostile  powers? 

Deadly  grave  as  this  delusion  is,  its  absurdity  borders  on 
the  ludicrous.  There  is,  I  am  aware,  no  end  to  human  cre- 
dulity. There  are  men  who  believe  in  the  philosopher's 
stone,  in  perpetual  motion,  in  squaring  the  circle,  and  in  mar- 
ble-top centre-tables  dancing  hornpipes.  A  flying-machine 
was  exhibited  by  subscription  a  few  years  ago  on  Boston 
Common.  Captain  Symmes,  one  of  the  pioneers  of  settle- 
ment in  Ohio,  and  his  numerous  followers,  were  persuaded 
that  the  earth  is  as  hollow  as  a  gourd,  and  that  you  can  sail 
into  the  interior  as  easily  as  a  Down-East  coaster  can  sail  in- 
to Holmes's  Hole.  Brigham  Young  believes  that  you  can 
found  a  prosperous  community,  in  this  country  and  in  the 
nineteenth  century,  on  the  basis  of  the  most  abominable  cor- 
ruptions of  the  old  despotisms  of  Asia ;  but  that  any  man, 
not  a  maniac  nor  a  lunatic,  can  seriously  believe  that  the 
paths  of  prosperity  in  a  country  like  ours  can  lead  through 
the  bloody  gates  of  treason  and  rebellion,  that  anarchy  and 


OF    THE    CIVIL    WAR.  489 

chaos  can  conduce  to  the  growth  of  a  family  of  republics, 
and  an  internecine  secular  war  among  ourselves  give  us 
strength  and  well-being  at  home  or  influence  abroad,  is  almost 
enough  to  make  one  despair  of  virtue,  freedom,  and  reason, 
and  take  refuge  in  blind  chance,  brute,  force,  and  stolid  scep- 
ticism. 

But  it  cannot,  it  shall  not  be.  This  glorious  national  fab- 
ric shall  not  be  allowed  to  crumble  into  dishonorable  frag- 
ments. This  seamless  garment  of  Union,  which  enfolds  the 
States  like  a  holy  Providence,  shall  not  be  permitted  to  be 
torn  in  tatters  by  traitorous  hands.  No,  a  thousand  times  no ! 
Rise,  loyal  millions  of  the  country !  hasten  to  the  defence  of 
the  menaced  Union !  Come,  old  men  and  children  !  come, 
young  men  and  maidens ! 

"  Come  as  the  winds  come, 
When  forests  are  rended  ; 
Come  as  the  waves  come, 
When  navies  are  stranded." 

Come  with  your  strong  hands,  come  with  your  cunning 
hands ;  come  with  your  swords,  come  with  your  knitting- 
needles  ;  come  with  your  purses,  your  voices,  your  pens,  your 
types,  your  prayers ;  come  one,  come  all,  to  the  rescue  of  the 
country  ! 


This  address  was  repeated 

in  the  following  places  :  — 

Boston, 

16th  Oct., 

1861. 

Buffalo,   N.  Y, 

27th  Nov.,  1861 

Brooklyn,  N.  Y., 

18th 

" 

« 

Rochester,  " 

28th 

u             u 

Ogdensburg,  " 

23d 

a 

u 

Syracuse,    " 

29th 

u            u 

Watertown,  " 

25th 

u 

u 

Norwich,  Ct., 

3d 

Dec,      " 

Charlestown, 

12th  Nov., 

a 

Springfield, 

4th 

14                   « 

Portland,  Me., 

13th 

a 

a 

Cambridgeport, 

5th 

M             a 

Chelsea, 

14th 

a 

u 

Hartford,  Ct., 

11th 

a             u 

Providence,  R.  I., 

15th 

u 

u 

Worcester, 

12th 

u            a 

Salem, 

18th 

a 

M 

Oswego,        N.  Y. 

,  24th 

u          u 

Lowell, 

19th 

u 

u 

Auburn,            " 

25th 

a             (c 

East  Boston, 

20th 

u 

M 

Canandaigua,  " 

26th 

a             a 

Roxbury, 

23d 

u 

u 

Elmira,             " 

27th 

i(             a 

Albany,  N.  Y., 

25th 

u 

a 

Woburn, 

31st 

((               u 

490 


CAUSES   AND    CONDUCT    OF   THE   CIVIL   WAR. 


Bridgeport,  Ct., 
New  York,  N.  Y., 
Newark,  N.  J., 
Geneva,        N.  Y., 
Hudson,  " 

Poughkeepsie,  " 
Pittsburg,  Pa., 
Erie,  " 

Olean,         " 
Albany,  N.  Y, 
Catskill,      " 
Suffield,      " 
New  Haven,  Ct., 
Waterbury,     " 
Birmingham,  " 
Norwalk,         " 
Stamford,        " 


2d    Jan.,  1862. 

7th     "  " 

9th     "  " 

14th     "  " 

16th     "  " 

17th     "  « 

21st      "  "    • 

23d      "  " 

24th     "  " 

10th  Feb.,  " 

11th     «  " 

12th     "  " 

13th     "  " 

14th     "  " 

2d  April,  " 

3d      "  " 

4th     "  " 


Newburg,      Pa., 
Philadelphia,  " 
Chicago,  111., 
St.  Louis,  Mo., 
Peoria,        111., 
Galesburg,   " 
Milwaukie,  Mich., 
Detroit,  " 

Hillsdale,       " 
Toledo,    Ohio. 
Cleveland,  " 
Beloit,     Wis., 
Janesville,  " 
Madison,     " 
St.  Paul,  Min., 
Davenport,  Iowa, 
Dubuque,        " 


29th  April,  1862. 

9th  May,  " 

15th     "  « 

19th     "  " 

21st      "  " 

23d      «  " 

26th     "  " 

28th     «  " 

30th     "  " 

2d  June,  " 

4th     "  " 

6th     "  " 

7th     "  " 

9th     "  " 

12th     "  " 

16th     "  " 

20th     "  u 


CORNELIUS   CONWAY  FELTON.* 


May  it  please   Your  Excellency  :  — 

The  communication  just  received  from  the  Corporation, 
and  the  proceedings  of  this  Board  upon  it,  call  upon  us  for 
some  further  action. 

It  is  with  the  deepest  concern  that  I  find  the  first  duty 
devolved  upon  me,  as  a  member  of  this  memorable  and  rev- 
erend Board,  is  to  give  utterance  to  the  profound  sorrow 
which  we  all  feel  at  the  loss  of  the  late  honored  and  lamented 
head  of  the  University.  Much  rather,  sir,  would  I  have  lis- 
tened, while  justice  was  done  to  the  memory  of  our  deceased 
President  by  others  at  this  Board  fully  competent  to  the  task, 
than  attempt  this  duty  of  respect  and  affection  myself.  But 
the  official  connection  in  which,  a  few  years  since,  I  had  the 
honor  to  stand  to  the  University,  and  my  personal  relations 
with  President  Felton,  most  intimate  and  unreserved,  seem 
to  call  upon  me  to  perform  this  mournful  office  to  a  most 
helpful  colleague  and  associate,  an  honored  successor,  a  life- 
long and  faithful  friend. 

There  is  a  natural  tendency  which  we  all  feel,  on  occasions 
of  this  kind,  to  pass  the  limits  of  judicial  accuracy  in  our 
tributes  to  the  memory  of  those  whom  we  honored  and  loved 
while  living,  and  of  whom  we  are  prematurely  bereft.  "We 
do  not  scrupulously  measure  the  words  of  kindness  which 
flow  from  a  full  heart,  struck  with  a  great  personal  and  pub- 
lic sorrow.  I  think,  however,  that  I  do  not  fall  into  this  natu- 
ral and  pardonable  error,  when  I  say  that,  all  things  consid- 
ered, we  have  lost  in  President  Felton  one  of  the  most  vari- 

*  Remarks  made  at  a  meeting  of  the  Board  of  Overseers  of  Harvard 
College,  in  the  Hall  of  the  Medical  School,  12th  March,  1862. 


492  CORNELIUS  CONWAY  FELTON. 

ously  accomplished,  faithful,  and  efficient  Presidents  ever 
called  to  the  head  of  our  time-honored  University ;  and  sure 
I  am,  that  there  never  was  buried  in  the  grave  of  any  of  his 
predecessors  a  juster  hope  more  sadly  disappointed  of  long- 
continued  and  steadily  increasing  usefulness. 

Gifted  by  nature  with  eminent  and  various  talent,  impelled 
from  boyhood  by  a  passion  for  mental  improvement,  taught 
by  the  straitened  circumstances  in  which  he  was  brought 
up  to  feel  the  inestimable  value  of  time,  directed  in  his  pre- 
paratory studies  by  a  somewhat  austere  but  a  thorough  and 
conscientious  teacher,  distinguished  at  college  by  his  dili- 
gence and  ardor  as  a  student,  and  the  spotless  purity  of  his 
character  as  a  member  of  the  little  republic,  transformed 
without  an  interval  from  the  pupil  to  the  instructor,  as  one 
of  the  heads  of  a  private  school  in  a  highly  cultivated  neigh- 
borhood in  the  interior  of  New  York,  transferred  then  to  the 
celebrated  establishment  at  Round  Hill  at  Northampton,  he 
entered,  in  1829,  two  years  only  after  his  graduation,  into 
that  connection  with  Harvard,  first  as  tutor  and  then  as  pro- 
fessor, which  he  filled  for  thirty  years  with  such  acknowledged 
success  and  well-earned  distinction,  till,  on  the  much-regretted 
retirement  of  Dr.  Walker,  he  was,  with  the  cordial  and  unan- 
imous approval  of  the  friends  of  the  University,  placed  at  its 
head  as  President.  He  was  for  so  much  longer  a  period  con- 
nected with  the  University  as  a  teacher  than  as  President, 
that  we  naturally  remember  him  rather  in  the  former  than  in 
the  latter  capacity. 

In  the  department  which  he  filled  with  such  ability  as  an 
instructor,  —  that  of  the  Greek  language  and  literature,  — 
there  is  certainly  no  exaggeration  in  saying  that  he  has  left  be- 
hind him  no  superior  in  this  country.  Some  specimens  of  his 
scholarship  may  be  found  in  the  notes  to  his  edition  of  the 
Iliad,  published  but  a  year  after  he  entered  upon  his  profes- 
sorship, in  his  editions  of  several  plays  of  the  Greek  drama- 
tists, both  tragic  and  comic,  and  in  other  important  critical 
and  philological  publications.  The  character  of  classical 
scholarship  is  different  in  different  countries;  it  is  one  thing 
in  Germany,   another  in  England ;  and  it  is  more  encyclope- 


CORNELIUS  CONWAY  FELTON.  493 

die  in  this  country  than  in  either.  So,  too,  individual  stu- 
dents sometimes  make  a  specialty  of  single  departments. 
With  one  it  is  the  philosophical  subtilties  of  grammar;  with 
another,  the  refinements  of  the  metrical  system;  with  an- 
other, the  changes  wrought  by  time  and  political  vicissitudes 
in  the  structure  of  every  living  form  of  speech,  as  it  passes 
from  region  to  region,  and  from  age  to  age ;  while  others 
comment  on  the  history,  philosophy,  eloquence,  and  poetry 
of  the  ancient  authors,  and  their  various  schools  and  periods. 
I  know  of  no  one  who  seemed  to  me  to  take  a  more  schol- 
arly survey  of  the  whole  field  of  Hellenic  literature  than 
President  Felton ;  who  had  read  more  widely  and  critically ; 
who  had  more  thoroughly  mastered  the  literature  as  well  as 
the  language  of  the  ancient  Greeks ;  and  who  had  penetrated 
further  and  with  clearer  insight,  beyond  the  language  and 
literature,  into  the  manners,  the  character,  and  the  genius  of 
the  people. 

I  say  "  the  ancient  Greeks,"  sir :  but  President  Felton  cher- 
ished an  enlightened  sympathy  with  their  descendants  at  the 
present  day.  He  delighted  to  trace,  not  merely  an  unbroken 
continuity  in  the  language  and  literature  of  this  remarkable 
race,  from  the  Attic  purity  down  through  the  Alexandrian 
and  the  Byzantine  to  the  Romaic  period  ;  but  to  find,  after 
twenty  centuries  of  political  subjugation  and  decline,  that  no 
faint  reflection  still  existed  in  modern  Greece  of  the  intellectual 
vigor  and  activity  of  the  ancient  people.  Two  visits  to  Athens 
confirmed  him  in  these  pleasing  impressions ;  not  flying  visits, 
like  those  of  ordinary  tourists,  who  do  Thermopylae  in  a  fore- 
noon, and  lunch  at  Delphi  on  their  way  to  Athens,  where 
they  pass  three  days;  but  weeks,  and  months  of  residence 
on  the  sacred  soil,  in  attendance  on  the  lectures  in  the  Uni- 
versity of  Athens  (which  he  thought  compared  fairly  with 
those  Of  the  best  seminaries  in  Western  Europe  or  America), 
and  in  the  society  of  the  professors  and  men  of  letters,  with 
whom  he  conversed  and  corresponded  in  their  native  dialect. 
Under  their  sympathetic  guidance,  he  had  traced  with  loving 
enthusiasm  every  locality  on  which  the  great  memories  of 
the  past  have  shed  immortal  renown.     Till  at  the  close  of  his 


494  CORNELIUS  CONWAY  FELTON. 

second  visit  to  Athens,  he  could,  I  think,  have  found  his  way 
without  a  conductor  to  every  spot  in  its  neighborhood  capa- 
ble of  being  identified  which  is  mentioned  by  Thucydides  or 
Aristophanes  or  Pausanias.  Of  all  the  relics  of  ancient  times 
and  all  the  memorials  of  other  regions  which  have  come  into 
my  possession,  by  personal  opportunity  or  the  kindness  of 
friends,  in  the  course  of  my  life,  I  know  not  that  there  is  one 
which  I  prize  more  highly  than  a  shaped  and  polished  frag- 
ment which  he  brought  me  on  his  first  return  from  Athens, 
of  that  very  Beraa,  where  Demosthenes  stood  with  his  back 
to  the  Piraeus  and  his  face  to  the  Prophylaea,  reminding  his 
fellow-citizens  of  the  noble  works  and  exploits  of  their  ances- 
tors,—  the  waves  that  witnessed  the  victory  of  Salamis 
sparkling  behind  him  ;  the  glorious  marbles  of  Phidias  and 
Ictinus  blazing  in  his  eye,  while  he  launched  the  three-bolted 
thunders  of  his  eloquence  at  the  traitors  of  that  day,  who 
were  willins:  to  break  down  the  united  nationalitv  of  Hellas 
and  lay  the  fragments  at  the  feet  of  foreign  powers,  —  thun- 
ders which 

"  Shook  th'  arsenal  and  fulnyned  over  Greece, 
To  Macedon  and  Artaxerxes'  throne." 

Yes,  sir,  and  when  the  tidings  of  our  deceased  President's 
death  shall  be  borne  from  this  distant  Transatlantic  hemisphere 
(of  whose  existence,  though  then  undiscovered,  the  sages  of 
ancient  Greece  seem  to  have  had  a  dim  presentiment),  it  will 
be  mourned  as  a  personal  loss  by  many  a  kindred  spirit  at  the 
foot  of  the  Acropolis  or  amidst  the  ruins  of  the  Parthenon, 
who  honored  and  loved  him  in  grateful  requital  of  the  honor 
and  love  which  he  bore  to  the  mighty  masters  of  Attic  elo- 
quence, philosophy,  and  song. 

But  with  these  classical  tastes  and  acquirements,  matured 
and  stored  up  in  years  of  severe  study,  President  Felton  had 
nothing  of  the  austerity  of  the  literary  recluse.  He  was,  on 
the  contrary,  one  of  the  most  communicative  and  compan- 
ionable of  men.  If  he  loved  to  explore  the  precious  remains 
of  antiquity,  —  to  descend  to  the  very  depths  of  the  rich 
mines  of  philological  research,  —  he  loved  not  less  to  live  with 
living  men.     At  the  head  of   the  oldest  University  in  the 


CORNELIUS  CONWAY  FELTON.  495 

country,  he  took  the  deepest  interest  in  the  cause  of  educa- 
tion, in  all  its  departments,  down  to  the  district  school.  No 
one  was  more  skilful  in  throwing  into  the  forms  of  popular 
address  the  results  of  profound  study.  He  could  entertain  a 
miscellaneous  modern  audience  with  the  humors  of  the  Attic 
stage,  in  his  own  brilliant  translations  from  Aristophanes,  and 
sketch  a  speaking  picture  of  life  and  manners  in  the  waning 
Empire  of  the  East  from  the  neglected  tomes  of  the  Greek 
fathers  and  Byzantine  historians  and  mediaeval  scholiasts. 
Nor  was  he  less  prompt  to  obey  the  calls  of  active  duty.  In 
every  enterprise  of  philanthropy  and  public  spirit  he  was  a 
ready  and  efficient  collaborator.  His  vigorous  pen  was  never 
idle,  his  persuasive  voice  was  never  silent,  when  benevolence 
was  to  be  called  into  action,  plausible  error  to  be  combated, 
imposture  to  be  exposed,  patriotic  feeling  to  be  kindled,  or 
public  opinion  to  be  rallied  and  guided  in  a  worthy  cause. 

As  President  of  the  University,  Mr.  Felton  brought  to  its 
service  the  fruits  of  a  lifelong  experience  and  the  zeal  of  a 
grateful  and  devoted  son.  Far  from  confining  his  attention 
to  the  class  of  studies  in  which  he  had  been  himself  trained 
for  thirty  years,  he  regarded  with  equal  interest  every  de- 
partment of  the  Institution,  alike  the  professional  and  aca- 
demical, whose  learned  Faculties,  since  his  decease,  have 
borne  witness  in  emphatic  language  to  the  effective  sym- 
pathy which  he  had  manifested  in  their  labors,  and  his  ear- 
nest desire  to  promote  their  prosperity.  Had  his  life  and 
health  been  spared  but  a  week  or  two  longer,  the  hall  in 
which  we  are  now  assembled  would  have  afforded  pleasing 
illustration  of  the  truth  of  this  remark.  The  care  with 
which  he  followed  the  operations  of  another  department 
of  the  University,  in  no  way  connected  with  his  peculiar 
studies,  may  be  inferred  from  the  minute  statement,  in  his 
last  annual  report,  of  the  performances  of  the  Observatory  at 
Cambridge  during  the  past  year. 

The  recognition  of  President  Felton's  eminent  talent  and 
learning  and  great  personal  worth  was  not  confined  to  the 
Institution  with  which  he  had  been  connected  through  life, 
nor  to  this  continent.     He  had  an  extensive  correspondence 


496  CORNELIUS  CONWAY  FELTON. 

with  scholars,  not  only  in  our  own  country,  but  in  Europe. 
More  than  one  of  his  editions  of  the  Greek  classics  was  re- 
published in  England.  He  had  received  the  academic  hon- 
ors of  other  American  seminaries,  and  had  been  appointed  a 
Regent  of  the  Smithsonian  Institution,  not  upon  the  recom- 
mendation of  personal  friends,  but  as  an  unsolicited  public 
tribute  to  his  eminent  desert. 

There  are  some  within  the  sound  of  my  voice  who  would 
never  forgive  me  —  I  should  not  forgive  myself — if  I  omit- 
ted to  speak  of  those  amiable  qualities  which  endeared  Pres- 
ident Felton  to  all  who  knew  him,  and  gave  such  a  charm  to 
his  personal  intercourse.  A  more  genial  temperament  or  a 
warmer  heart  I  have  never  known.  He  took  Burke's  advice 
for  the  rule  of  his  life,  and  sought  to  "  live  pleasantly."  No 
sacrifice  of  interest  or  convenience  was  too  great  when  a 
friend  was  to  be  served.  Unaffected  good-nature  beamed  in 
his  eye  ;  the  kindness  of  his  heart  spoke  in  every  word,  and 
shone  in  every  look,  and  encircled  his  countenance  with  a 
halo  of  cheerfulness. 

I  do  not  venture  to  give  utterance  to  my  private  feelings  fur- 
ther than  to  say,  that  I  have,  in  the  death  of  President  Felton, 
suffered  a  loss  which  in  the  decline  of  life  cannot  be  repaired, 
—  that  of  a  friend  of  near  forty  years'  standing.  I  assisted,  as 
a  member  of  the  Faculty,  in  his  examination  for  admission  to 
the  College.  As  a  member  of  the  Board  of  Overseers,  in  1829 
and  1832,  I  co-operated  in  his  appointment  as  tutor  and 
professor.  While  I  filled  the  office  of  President,  I  received 
from  him  the  most  assiduous  and  affectionate  aid  and  sup- 
port. On  some  unofficial  but  important  occasions  I  have 
been  brought  into  the  closest  connection  with  him ;  and  I 
now  derive  a  melancholy  satisfaction  from  reflecting,  that  this 
lifelong  intercourse  was  never  clouded  by  a  moment's  aliena- 
tion. Nunquam  ilium  ne  minima  quidem  re  offendi,  ut  sense- 
rim  ;  nihil  audivi  ex  eo  ipse  quod  nollem.  Ah,  more  than  this, 
sir,  much  more  than  the  absence  of  all  offence  on  either  side ; 
for  many  disinterested  services  by  word  and  deed,  on  some 
important  and  some  trying  occasions,  I  owe  him  a  debt  of 
gratitude  which  1  can  never  repay. 


CORNELIUS  CONWAY  FELTON.  497 

I  hold,  sir,  in  my  hand,  a  resolution  which  I  beg  leave  to 
offer  to  the  acceptance,  I  venture  to  hope  the  unanimous 
acceptance,  of  the  Board  :  — 

Whereas,  it  has  pleased  Divine  Providence  to  remove  by  death 
the  late  honored  and  beloved  head  of  the  University  at  Cambridge,  — 

Resolved,  unauimou.-ly  by  this  Board,  that  the  Overseers  of  the 
College,  in  common  with  its  officers  and  members  of  every  degree, 
and  the  friends  of  the  Institution  throughout  the  country,  have  suffered 
in  the  decease  of  President  Felton  the  loss  of  a  devoted  and  faithful 
head  of  the  University,  whose  whole  life  had  been  consecrated,  with 
rare  singleness  of  purpose,  to  its  service ;  a  zealous  friend  and  sup- 
porter of  education  in  every  department  ;  an  efficient  promoter  of 
every  liberal  and  public-spirited  enterprise ;  an  active  and  patriotic 
citizen  and  member  of  the  community,  who  added  to  his  great  merit 
as  a  public  servant  the  most  amiable  personal  qualities,  and  all  those 
virtues  and  graces  which  adorn  and  dignify  every  relation  of  social 
and  private  life,  and  constitute  the  model  character  of  a  man  and  a 
Christian. 

Resolved,  that  a  copy  of  the  foregoing  resolution  be  communicated 
to  the  family  of  President  Felton,  with  the  assurance  of  the  sincere 
and  respectful  sympathy  of  the  Overseers,  and  of  the  honor  in  which 
they  hold  the  memory  of  their  lamented  President. 


vol.  iv.  32 


THE  ARMY   OF  THE  POTOMAC  * 


These  generous  cheers,  fellow-citizens,  given  not  to  me, 
but  to  the  cause  which  I  am  here  to  advocate,  assure  me  that 
there  is  no  need  of  argument  before  this  patriotic  assembly, 
in  this  patriotic  community,  in  support  of  the  duty,  the  neces- 
sity, of  reinforcing  the  Army  of  the  Potomac.  If  any  argu- 
ment were  necessary,  you  have  heard  it  sufficiently  from  the 
eloquent  lips  of  the  gentleman  who  has  preceded  me. 

Men  may  honestly  differ,  do  honestly  differ,  on  many  ques- 
tions which  come  up  in  the  course  of  this  wicked  and  cruel 
war ;  but  no  one  who  has  a  drop  of  patriotic  blood  in  his 
veins  can  hesitate  as  to  the  duty  and  necessity  of  flying  to 
the  relief  of  our  brethren  now  encamped  on  the  banks  of 
James  River.  Worn  by  the  heavy  labors  of  the  campaign, 
decimated  by  the  diseases  of  the  climate  and  the  camp,  sleep- 
ing, to  use  the  expression  of  one  of  the  French  Princes  (who 
have,  I  may  say  in  passing,  expressed  the  highest  admiration 
of  the  discipline  and  courage  of  that  noble  army  and  the 
conduct  of  its  gallant  chief),  "for  two  months  with  one  eye 
and  ear  open,"  yielding  at  length  to  the  force  of  superior  num- 
bers rapidly  concentrated  and  hurled  upon  single  points  of 
our  necessarily  extended  lines,  they  have  been  compelled, 
after  a  series  of  desperate  engagements  which  would  have 
done  honor  to  the  veterans  of  the  first  Napoleon,  to  assume 
a  defensive  position  on  the  banks  of  the  James.  That  they 
may  maintain  their  position  there,  and,  recovering  from  the 
exhaustion  of  the  last  frightful  fortnight,  be  able  at  the  proper 
moment  to  move  against  the  rebel  capital,  powerful  reinforce- 
ments are  necessary,  and  that  without  delay.     If  these  are 

*  Remarks  at  a  meeting  held  in  Faneuil  Hall,  12th  July,  1862. 


THE  ARMY  OF  THE  POTOMAC.  499 

granted,  if  the  call  of  the  President,  who  has  with  such 
praiseworthy  alacrity  gone  to  acquaint  himself  by  personal 
inspection  with  the  condition  of  the  army,  and  returns  to 
Washington  filled  with  admiration  for  its  spirit  and  endur- 
ance, and  its  intrepid  and  accomplished  chief,  —  if  that  call 
is  obeyed,  ay,  if  the  voice  of  our  brethren,  which  night  and 
day  comes  wafted  to  us  on  the  wings  of  every  breeze  from 
the  South, —  which  has  come  up  to  us  in  mute  and  plaintive 
eloquence  from  the  death-bed  of  one  of  the  bravest  of  that 
gallant  army,  —  is  listened  to  as  it  should  be,  the  dark  though 
glorious  record  of  the  last  fortnight  will  be  reversed,  a  new 
and  bright  page  turned  in  the  history  of  the  campaign,  Rich- 
mond will  be  occupied  by  our  brave  troops,  and  the  war  in 
effect  ended.  But  if  these  needed  reinforcements  are  with- 
held, which  they  must  not,  cannot,  shall  not  be,  that  gallant 
army  is  doomed  to  a  disastrous  retreat,  perhaps  to  a  still  more 
disastrous  capitulation,  and  the  termination  of  the  war,  with 
all  its  sacrifices  and  sufferings,  indefinitely  postponed.  Such, 
fellow-citizens,  is  the  alternative  before  us.  Will  you,  can 
you,  hesitate  ? 

In  times  like  these,  and  when  a  check,  perhaps  an  unex- 
pected check,  occurs  to  break  the  almost  uniform  current  of 
success,  the  public  mind  of  a  highly  impressible  community 
is  too  apt  to  yield  to  a  feeling  of  discouragement.  For  this, 
in  my  opinion,  there  is  on  the  present  occasion  no  sufficient 
ground.  An  almost  unbroken  succession  of  glorious  achieve- 
ments has,  from  the  commencement  of  this  cruel  contest, 
crowned  the  efforts  of  the  government  and  loyal  people  of  the 
country.  These  efforts  and  their  success  have  been  viewed 
with  astonishment,  and  by  candid  minds  with  admiration, 
throughout  the  civilized  world.  On  a  recent  visit  to  Wash- 
ington I  was  told  by  the  minister  of  one  of  the  great  military 
monarchies  of  Europe,  the  representative  of  a  sovereign 
whose  nod  puts  in  motion  seven  hundred  thousand  veteran 
troops,  that  the  efforts  of  the  government  of  the  United  States 
for  the  last  year  were  such  as  no  other  government  on  earth 
could  have  made  in  the  same  time.  In  the  prodigious  armies 
that  have  voluntarily  rushed  to  the  field,  better  paid,  and  as 


500  THE  ARMY  OF  THE  POTOMAC. 

well  clothed  and  fed  as  those  of  any  other  country ;  in  the 
immense  trains  of  artillery  and  supplies  of  ordnance  stores 
for  both  arms  of  the  service  ;  in  the  vast  maritime  force  not  so 
much  organized  as  created  and  thrown,  like  a  wall  of  fire, 
around  the  coasts  of  the  revolted  States  for  fifteen  hundred 
miles,  or  which,  following  the  course  of  our  mighty  rivers, 
have  carried  the  glorious  old  flag  of  the  Union  from  its  home 
on  the  mountain  wave  far  up  into  the  very  heart  of  the  land  ; 
in  the  generous  provision  for  the  wounded  and  sick  by  our 
sanitary  commissions  and  relief  associations  of  every  name, 
especially  through  the  efforts  of  the  noble  women  of  the  loyal 
States;  in  the  magnanimous  care  even  of  the  prisoners  whom 
the  fortune  of  war  has  thrown  into  our  power,  eight  thousand 
of  whom  I  lately  saw  at  Camp  Douglas,  near  Chicago,  as  well 
fed  and  housed  as  the  troops  by  whom,  under  the  gallant 
Mulligan,  they  were  guarded,  —  I  say,  fellow-citizens,  in  these 
and  all  the  other  incidents  of  a  mighty  contest,  the  United 
States  have,  in  the  course  of  the  twelvemonth,  exhibited  a 
moral  and  political  courage,  a  vigor  and  a  fertility  of  resource, 
dragged  as  they  were  unexpectedly  into  the  war,  never  sur- 
passed, if  ever  equalled,  by  any  of  the  great  military  powers 
of  Europe. 

Nor  have  we  any  reason  to  be  ashamed  of  the  result. 
War,  of  all  the  great  concerns  of  life,  is  proverbially  subject 
to  its  vicissitudes.  It  is  no  doubt  for  wise  ends  in  the  plan 
of  Providence,  that,  when  he  lets  loose  that  scourge  upon  a 
people,  "  the  battle  is  not  always  to  the  strong."  In  a  field  of 
war  geographically  as  extensive  as  that  trod  by  the  legions 
of  Cffisar  or  the  phalanx  of  Alexander,  in  less  than  fifteen 
months  of  a  contest  which  took  us  wholly  by  surprise,  forced 
upon  us  by  an  enemy  that  had  passed  a  year  in  secret  prep- 
arations, that  had  treacherously  stripped  our  arsenals  of  their 
ordnance  and  munitions,  debauched  half  the  officers  of  the 
army  and  the  navy,  and  surprised  our  undefended  forts 
and  armories,  we  have  rescued  from  the  fangs  of  secession 
Maryland,  Western  Virginia,  Kentucky,  Tennessee,  Missouri, 
and  Kansas,  half  of  Alabama  and  Arkansas,  and  the  whole 
of  Louisiana;    recaptured  the   navy-yards   of  Norfolk    and 


THE    ARMY    OF    THE    POTOMAC.  501 

Pensacola,  and  the  principal  forts  in  the  rebellious  States, 
occupied  the  most  important  military  positions,  established 
an  efficient  blockade  along  the  entire  Southern  coast,  restored 
the  great  line  of  communication  East  and  West  by  the  Bal- 
timore and  Ohio  Railroad,  swept  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi 
clear,  with  the  exception  of  one  single  beleaguered  spot,  from 
Cairo  to  its  mouth,  and  planted  the  stars  and  stripes  at  New 
Orleans.  To  offset  these  all-important  successes  and  victo- 
ries we  have  to  regret  the  drawn  battle  and  panic  of  Bull 
Run,  the  disaster  of  Ball's  Bluff,  the  destruction  of  the  Cumber- 
land and  Congress,  well  redeemed  by  the  heroic  achievement 
of  Lieutenant  Worden  in  the  little  Monitor,  the  repulse  of  a 
premature  movement  on  Charleston,  and  the  recent  check  at 
Richmond.  Let  any  one  compare  this  balance  of  successes 
and  reverses  with  those  of  the  Crimean  war,  of  the  wars  of 
the  Duke  of  Wellington  in  the  Spanish  Peninsula,  of  the 
wars  generally  of  the  French  Revolution,  and  of  our  own 
Revolutionary  struggle,  and  he  will  find  that  there  is  not  in 
one  of  these  great  historical  contests  a  year  crowned  with 
equal  successes  on  the  part  of  the  finally  victorious  cause. 

It  is  true,  fellow-citizens,  that  we  have  now  met  with  a  check 
where  we  had  hoped  that,  by  this  time,  a  blow  would  have 
been  struck  at  the  very  heart  of  the  rebellion,  which,  dissolv- 
ing that  reign  of  terror  that  palsies  the  Union  sentiment  of 
the  South,  would  have  speedily  restored  the  authority  of  the 
Constitution  in  the  revolted  States ;  for  I  greatly  differ  from 
those  who  believe  this  unhallowed  conspiracy  to  be  the  work 
of  the  mass  of  the  Southern  people.  I  prefer  the  authority 
of  Mr.  Stephens,  the  Vice-President  of  the  Southern  Con- 
federacy, who  knew  the  authors  of  the  rebellion  well,  and 
who  openly  declared  that  it  was  the  work  of  disappointed 
aspirants  to  office.  They  never  dared,  they  have  not  to  this 
day  dared,  in  the  greater  part  of  the  revolted  States,  to  trust 
the  question  to  a  popular  vote.  The  Union  sentiment  of  1  lie 
South  has  been  and  is  crushed  by  a  reign  of  terror  as  despotic, 
and  wielded,  I  doubt  not,  by  as  small  a  number,  of  arch  con- 
spirators, as  that  of  Danton,  Marat,  and  Robespierre.  In  this 
there  is  nothing  novel  or  hard  to  credit. 


502  .THE    ARMY    OF    THE    POTOMAC. 

It  is  necessary  only  to  have  the  control  of  a  small  military 
organization,  or  even  of  a  well-guided  mob,  and  peaceful  mil- 
lions are  overawed  into  acquiescence,  sometimes  for  a  gen- 
eration. Lord  Macaulay,  speaking  of  the  force  by  which 
General  Monk  restored  the  Stuarts,  says :  "  The  dread  of  that 
invincible  army  was  on  all  the  inhabitants  of  the  island,  and 
the  Cavaliers,  taught  by  one  hundred  disastrous  fields  how 
little  numbers  can  effect  against  discipline,  were  even  more 
completely  cowed  than  the  Roundheads." 

How  large  do  you  suppose  that  army  was,  of  which  "  the 
dread  was  on  all  the  inhabitants  of  England,"  which  cowed 
alike  the  high  blood  of  the  Cavalier  and  the  stern  spirit  of 
the  Puritan,  and  undid  the  work  of  twenty  years,  almost  be- 
fore Cromwell  was  cold  in  his  grave  ?  It  was  about  five 
thousand  men.  As  Charles  the  Second  came  back,  borne 
upon  the  shoulders  of  the  delighted  millions  of  his  subjects, 
to  the  throne  from  which  his  father  had  been  dragged  to  the 
block,  he  facetiously  exclaimed  that  "  it  must  have  been  his 
own  fault,  that  he  had  been  absent  so  long,  for  he  saw  no- 
body that  did  not  protest  that  he  had  ever  wished  for  his 
return." 

How  large  was  the  tattered  rabble  from  the  Highlands, 
who,  two  hundred  years  later,  struck  terror  into  the  heart  of 
England,  with  whom,  in  the  language  of  Lord  Stanhope, 
Charles  Edward,  if  he  had  pushed  up  from  Derby  to  London, 
"  would  have  gained  the  British  throne  "  ?  Less  than  seven 
thousand,  half  armed,  half  fed,  half  naked. 

In  the  month  of  June,  1780,  "for  six  days  successively  the 
cities  of  London  and  Westminster"  (according  to  the  British 
Annual  Register)  "  were  delivered  up  to  the  hands  of  an  un- 
armed and  nameless  mob,  to  be  plundered  at  its  discretion." 
Houses  were  pillaged,  pulled  down,  or  burned ;  the  prisons 
burst  open,  and  their  inmates  liberated  ;  thirty-six  incendiary 
fires  blazed  at  once.  On  the  fifth  of  those  memorable  days, 
Dr.  Johnson,  accompanied  by  the  late  Lord  Stowell,  ventured 
to  the  principal  scene  of  the  ravages.  "  On  Wednesday,"  says 
Johnson,  "  I  walked  with  Dr.  Scott  to  look  at  Newgate,  and 
found  it  in  ruins,  with  the  fire  still  glowing.     As  I  went  by, 


THE    ARMY    OF    THE    POTOMAC.  503 

the  Protestants  were  plundering  the  Session  House  and  the 
Old  Bailey.  There  were  not,  I  believe,  a  hundred,  but  they 
did  their  work  at  leisure,  in  full  security,  without  sentinels, 
as  men  lawfully  employed  in  full  day.  Such  is  the  cowardice 
of  a  commercial  place."  But  commercial  places  are  no  more 
cowardly  than  any  other  places,  and  London  was  at  that  time 
the  abode  of  the  elite  of  the  British  aristocracy,  for  Parlia- 
ment was  in  session.  It  is  the  shrinking  of  the  peaceful 
masses  before  the  bayonets  of  an  army  or  the  pikes  and 
bludgeons  of  a  mob. 

Twenty-five  millions  in  France,  as  gallant  a  population  as 
any  known  in  history,  were  for  eight  or  ten  years  held  in 
trembling  awe  by  a  handful  of  cutthroats,  and  thirty-six 
millions  at  the  present  day  are  governed  not  more  by  the  liv- 
ing arm  of  Louis  Napoleon,  strong  and  skilful  as  it  is,  than 
by  the  bloody  ghost  of  Robespierre,  mounting  guard  by  the 
side  of  a  visionary  guillotine. 

Wherever  the  loyal  people  of  any  portion  of  the  South 
can  show  their  feelings  with  safety  at  the  time,  or  with  rea- 
sonable assurance  of  continued  protection,  there  is  loyalty 
enough.  All  along  the  banks  of  the  Tennessee,  as  our  gun- 
boats ascended  the  river,  the  inhabitants  sent  off  the  best 
from  their  plantations,  and  wTept  with  joy  at  the  sight  of  the 
old  flag.  On  my  recent  tour  in  the  West,  I  nowhere  spoke 
to  a  more  enthusiastic  audience  than  at  St.  Louis. 

On  the  19th  of  April,  1861,  the  loyal  sons  of  Massachu- 
setts were  murderously  assailed  in  the  streets  of  Baltimore, 
and  bridges  were  burned  and  railroads  torn  up  to  stop  the 
march  of  the  troops  hastening  to  the  defence  of  Washington. 
In  the  course  of  the  summer  a  dozen  members  of  the  Lesr- 
islature  were  sent  to  Fort  Warren,  and  at  the  next  election 
the  aggregate  vote  was  nearly  as  large  as  ever,  and  the  Union 
candidates  everywhere  chosen.  Three  or  four  weeks  ago  the 
Mayor  of  Baltimore  and  one  or  two  hundred  of  the  principal 
citizens  visited  .Chicago,  and  the  sentiments  expressed  at  the 
public  entertainments  were  in  the  warmest  strain  of  patri- 
otism. 

If  three  or  four  men  at  Richmond  could  have  been  arrested 


504  THE    ARMY    OF    THE    POTOMAC. 

and  sent  to  Fortress  Monroe  a  week  before  the  convention 
was  dragooned  into  adopting  the  ordinance  of  secession, 
Eastern  Virginia  at  this  day  would  have  been  as  loyal  as 
Western  Virginia. 

And  here  yon  see,  fellow-citizens,  the  extravagant  injustice 
of  the  journalists  and  politicians  abroad,  who  are  striving  to 
goad  their  governments  to  interfere  with  the  United  States 
while  employed  in  crushing  the  rebellion.  The  "  cause  of 
humanity,"  they  tell  us,  requires  that  this  civil  war  should 
stop,  and  the  independence  of  the  South  be  recognized. 

But  where  do  these  European  arbiters  of  our  destinies  pro- 
pose to  draw  the  line  ?  Does  the  cause  of  humanity  require 
that  the  loyal  people  of  Maryland  should  be  replaced  under 
the  tyranny  of  the  Baltimore  mob ;  that  the  lawful  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States  should  be  dispossessed  of  Fortress 
Monroe  and  Norfolk  Navy-Yard,  both  formally  ceded  by 
Virginia  to  the  General  Government,  and  the  latter  recon- 
quered by  the  forces  of  the  Union  ?  Does  it  require  that 
ninety  miles  of  one  of  the  principal  lines  of  communication 
East  and  West  should  be  thrown  into  a  foreign  jurisdiction  ? 

Does  the  cause  of  humanity  require  that  loyal  Western 
Virginia,  containing  a  third  of  the  territory  and  more  than  a 
third  of  the  free  population  of  the  "  Ancient  Dominion," 
shall  again  be  made  to  wear  the  yoke  of  slaveholding  Eastern 
Virginia?  Are  Breckinridge  and  Bucknerto  be  brought  back 
in  triumph  into  Kentucky  ?  Are  all  the  cruelties  described, 
and  truly  described,  as  I  know  from  other  sources,  in  Parson 
Brownlow's  book,  again  to  be  visited  on  the  Union  men  of 
Tennessee,  and  Harris  and  Pillow  to  be  reinstalled  at  Nash- 
ville and  Memphis? 

Does  the  cause  of  humanity  require  that  Missouri  should 
again  be  surrendered  to  the  tender  mercies  of  Price  ?  that 
some  twenty  thousand  fugitive  slaves,  who  have  escaped  from 
their  rebel  masters  or  been  deserted  by  them,  should  be  re- 
turned to  slavery?  and,  above  all,  does  it  require  that  twelve 
millions  of  the  free  citizens  of  the  United  States,  who  inhabit 
the  region  drained  by  the  Mississippi  and  the  Missouri,  hav- 
ing just  recovered  the   outlet  of   those   noble   rivers  by  the 


THE    ARMY    OF    THE    POTOMAC.  505 

prowess  of  our  naval  heroes,  should  coolly  give  it  up  to  a 
foreign  power,  to  gratify  the  disappointed  ambition  of  a 
couple  of  aspirants  to  office  of  New  Orleans  ? 

I  say  to  a  foreign  power,  for  if  we  recognize  the  indepen- 
dence of  the  Southern  Confederacy  we  allow  a  foreign  power 
by  surprise,  fraud,  and  violence  to  possess  itself  of  one  half 
of  the  territory  of  the  United  States,  with  all  the  public  prop- 
erty and  public  establishments  contained  in  it,  to  establish 
itself  along  a  curiously  dovetailed  frontier  of  fifteen  hundred 
Or  two  thousand  miles,  commanding  some  of  the  most  im- 
portant commercial  and  military  stations  and  lines  of  com- 
munication for  travel  and  trade ;  one  half  of  the  sea-coast  of 
the  Union,  the  navigation  of  our  Mediterranean  Sea  (the 
Gulf  of  Mexico,  one  third  as  large  as  the  Mediterranean  of 
Europe),  and,  above  all,  that  great  arterial  inlet  into  the  heart 
of  the  continent,  through  which  its  very  life-blood  pours  its 
imperial  tides. 

I  say,  we  are  told  that  "  the  cause  of  humanity  "  requires 
us  to  surrender  all  this  to  a  foreign  power.  Would  we  sur- 
render it  to  England,  to  France,  or  to  Spain  ?  Not  one  inch 
of  it.  Why  then  to  the  Southern  Confederacy?  Would 
any  other  government  on  earth,  unless  compelled  by  the  direst 
necessity,  make  such  a  surrender?  Does  not  France  keep  an 
army  of  one  hundred  thousand  men  in  Algeria,  to  prevent  a 
few  wandering  tribes  of  Arabs  —  a  recent  conquest  —  from 
recovering  their  independence  ?  Did  not  England  strain 
her  resources  to  the  utmost,  a  few  years  ago,  to  prevent  the 
native  princes  of  Central  India  (civilized  states  two  thou- 
sand years  ago,  and  while  painted  chieftains  ruled  the 
savage  clans  of  ancient  Britain),  from  asserting  their  inde- 
pendence, and  shall  we  be  expected,  without  a  death-struggle, 
to  abandon  a  great  integral  part  of  the  United  States  to  a 
foreign  power? 

But  I  have  no  belief,  fellow-citizens,  that  the  sagacious 
statesmen  who  administer  the  governments  of  Europe,  how- 
ever deficient  we  may  think  them  of  sympathy  with  us  in  a 
cause  which  equally  concerns  the  stability  of  all  civilized 
government,  will  be  guilty  of  the  monstrous  injustice,  will 


506  THE  ARMY  OF  THE  POTOMAC. 

commit  the  egregious  blunder,  of  endeavoring  to  force  upon 
the  government  and  people  of  the  United  States  a  sacrifice 
like  this,  either  for  the  temporary  inducement  of  relieving 
their  own  manufacturing  classes  or  under  the  delusive  idea 
of  promoting  the  cause  of  humanity. 

But  our  dependence  must  be,  not  on  the  sympathy,  not 
even  on  the  justice,  of  foreign  powers,  but  on  ourselves,  —  on 
the  fortitude,  courage,  and  endurance  of  twenty  millions  of 
freemen,  exerted  in  a  righteous  cause,  and  crowned  by  the 
smiles  of  Heaven.  The  crisis  is  now  upon  us.  If  we  wish 
to  avert  the  danger  of  foreign  intervention,  we  must  reinforce 
the  army  of  the  Potomac.  If  we  wish  to  protect  our  Union 
brethren  in  the  revolted  States,  to  save  their  backs  from  the 
scourge,  their  estates  from  confiscation,  and  their  necks  from 
the  halter,  we  must  reinforce  the  Army  of  the  Potomac.  If 
we  wish,  not  merely  to  insure  that  noble  army  itself  and  its 
gallant  and  patriotic  chief  (who  by  his  admirable  strategy, 
commanding,  as  you  see  by  the  extracts  from  the  Richmond 
press  in  our  morning  papers,  the  respect  of  the  rebel  journals, 
has  rescued  it  from  impending  annihilation)  from  a  deplora- 
ble reverse  and  enable  it  once  more  to  resume  the  offensive, 
we  must  reinforce  the  Army  of  the  Potomac. 

The  blood  of  our  brethren,  already  poured  out  like  water 
in  those  dreary  swamps,  the  thousands  of  precious  lives  now 
endangered,  the  integrity  of  the  Union,  the  noble  cause  in 
which  we  are  engaged,  the  speedy  and  auspicious  termina- 
tion of  the  war, —  all  plead  with  us  to  reinforce  the  Army  of 
the  Potomac.  Let  the  response  go  forth  from  Faneuil  Hall, 
trumpet-tongued,  —  the  Army  of  the  Potomac  shall  be  rein- 
forced ! 


OPPORTUNITIES   OF   HARVARD   STUDENTS* 


I  should  much  prefer,  Mr.  President,  on  this  day  which 
belongs  to  our  young  friends  of  a  graduating  class,  to  con- 
tinue to  act  the  part  of  a  grateful  listener.  But  a  call  from 
the  chair  in  Harvard  Hall  is  not  to  be  lightly  disobeyed.  I 
know  not  what  might  be  the  consequences  of  such  insubor- 
dination. When  Speaker  Onslow,  in  the  House  of  Com- 
mons, who,  agreeably  to  parliamentary  usage,  was  accus- 
tomed, when  other  means  of  enforcing  order  failed,  to  say, 
"  If  the  honorable  member  persists,  I  must  call  him  by  name," 
was  asked  what  would  happen  if  he  did  call  him  by  name, 
he  replied,  "  The  Lord  in  heaven  knows."  I  dare  not  con- 
jecture what  would  happen  if,  in  Harvard  Hall,  at  the  Com- 
mencement dinner,  before  the  meats  have  become  cold  or  the 
ices  melted,  any  one,  either  alumnus  or  alibi  institutes,  should 
hesitate  to  obey  a  summons  from  the  presidential  chair. 

But,  however  I  might  have  preferred  to  be  silent,  like  Alex- 
ander Selkirk's  title  to  his  island,  "  my  right  to  speak  there  is 
none  to  dispute."  I  have  read  an  anecdote  of  some  master 
of  ceremonies  abroad  who,  on  a  great  public  occasion,  was 
nearly  borne  down  by  the  throng  of  peeresses  and  court  ladies 
claiming  precedence  in  the  places  of  honor.  To  relieve  him- 
self from  the  embarrassment,  he  caused  a  herald  to  proclaim 
that  1he  highest  seats  would  be  occupied  on  the  principle  of 
seniority.  In  an  instant  the  rush  was  turned  in  the  other 
direction,  —  the  plumed  and  jewelled  throng  flowed  backward, 
—  and  the  difficulty  now  was  to  get  the  upper  seats  filled. 

No  one  will  call  in  question  your  right  to  press  into  this 
service  a  member  of  a  class  entering  this  year  upon  the  sec- 
ond half-century  since  its  graduation,  the  oldest  but  one  of 

*  Remarks  at  the  dinner  in  Harvard  Hall  on  Commencement  day,  16th 
July,  1862. 


508    OPPORTUNITIES  OF  HARVARD  STUDENTS. 

the  five  living  ex-Presidents  of  the  University,  and  who.  to 
his  unspeakable  regret,  now  sees  the  presidential  chair  vacant 
for  the  fifth  time.  Such  a  one  may  claim  the  hearing  of  a 
few  moments  on  grounds  which  no  one  will  dispute,  regret- 
ting as  I  do  most  deeply  the  absence  of  that  still  living  dis- 
tinguished predecessor,  whose  attendance  has  for  so  many 
years  added  grace  and  dignity  to  our  academic  festivals.  Let 
me  have  the  satisfaction,  on  behalf  of  my  brethren  the  ex- 
Presidents,  and  of  every  dutiful  son  of  Harvard  here  present, 
to  tender  to  him  in  his  confinement  our  sympathy  with  him 
in  the  cause  of  his  detention,  with  the  assurance  that,  though 
he  is  absent  from  us  in  the  body,  his  honorable  name  and 
venerable  years  and  long  and  faithful  services  are  present  in 
our  grateful  recollection. 

You  have  touched  a  chord,  sir,  which  vibrates  in  all  our 
hearts,  in  your  allusion  to  our  late  lamented  President  whom 
we  shall  hereafter  behold  only  in  the  portrait  just  placed  on 
yonder  wall ;  but  let  us  not,  on  this  occasion,  renew  the  recent 
sorrows  of  our  bereavement  by  repeating  the  tribute  so 
warmly  and  sincerely  paid  to  his  memory  at  the  time  of 
his  decease.  "While  he  lived,  cheerfulness  surrounded  him 
like  an  atmosphere ;  whatever  circle  he  entered,  his  voice  was 
the  signal  for  the  sympathetic  interchange  of  kind  feeling. 
Let  not  the  recollection  of  him  awake  any  but  grateful  im- 
ages. While  we  cannot  suppress  a  mournful  reflection  on 
the  instability  of  human  fortune,  as  we  contemplate  so  strik- 
ing an  illustration  of  the  disappointment  of  the  brightest 
hopes,  let  us  derive  a  mournful  satisfaction  from  the  thought 
that  our  departed  President  has  left  behind  him,  in  both  hem- 
ispheres, a  reputation  that  could  hardly  have  been  rendered 
more  brilliant  by  the  longest  term  of  service.  I  say  both 
hemispheres,  for  I  have  within  three  days  received  a  journal 
in  the  Greek  language  from  Athens,  the  E(f)i]/u.epi<;  rcov  $i\o- 
ixadwv,  in  which,  after  a  handsome  biographical  memoir,  his 
decease  is  spoken  of  as  a  loss,  not  to  America  alone,  but  to 
the  whole  republic  of  letters. 

But  let  me  pass  to  topics  on  which  our  lamented  President 
would  have  dwelt  with  honest  satisfaction.     The   class    of 


OPPORTUNITIES    OF    HARVARD    STUDENTS.  509 

students  offered  this  week  is  the  largest  ever  presented  for 
admission  to  the  University.  This  shows  that  old  Harvard 
still  retains  her  hold  on  the  respect  and  affection  of  the  com- 
munity. It  shows  that  society  among  us  is  not  disorganized 
by  the  trials  and  burdens  of  the  present  state  of  things.  It 
shows  that  the  loss  of  students  from  the  South,  who  once 
resorted  to  us  in  considerable  numbers,  has  not  impaired  our 
prosperity.  It  is  indeed  one  of  the  saddest  results  of  the 
existing  state  of  our  country  which  has  stopped  that  inter- 
course of  the  citizens  of  the  different  parts  of  the  Union, 
once  so  mutually  beneficial.  For  the  South  it  wras  unques- 
tionably of  the  greatest  advantage  to  send  her  sons  for  edu- 
cation to  the  North.  And  it  is  a  very  noticeable  fact,  that 
as  this  resort  diminished  and  finally  ceased,  and  the  young 
men  of  the  South  have  been  sent  to  their  own  seminaries, 
the  unsound  views,  first  of  political  economy,  and  then  of 
constitutional  law,  inculcated  in  those  institutions,  have 
had  their  natural  effect  in  unsettling  the  minds  of  the  rising 
generation  from  the  traditional  principles  and  policy  of  the 
government,  and  preparing  the  present  war  against  the  Con- 
stitution of  the  Union. 

In  admitting  a  new  class  to  the  University,  you  have  a 
fitting  opportunity,  Mr.  President,  to  supply,  in  some  degree, 
one  of  those  defects  in  moral  science  insisted  on  by  Mr. 
Buckle,  whose  philosophy  has  been  so  handsomely  explained 
and  illustrated  by  one  of  our  young  friends  of  the  graduating 
class.  Mr.  Buckle  holds  that  the  science  of  morals  is  not 
progressive ;  that  its  principles  are  few  and  long  since  found 
out.  Now,  one  of  these  principles  needs  correcting  to  make 
it  conform  to  practices  somewhat  prevalent  here  and  at  other 
places  of  education.  The  principle  to  which  I  allude  is  laid 
down  by  Cicero,  in  a  passage  quoted  by  Lactantius,  from 
the  third  book  of  the  last  treatise  on  the  Republic ;  and  in 
quoting  this  passage  of  the  heathen  philosopher  this  Chris- 
tian father  calls  it  "  divine."  The  passage  is  :  "  Nee  erit  alia 
lex  Romse,  alia  Athenis,  alia  nunc,  alia  posthac,  sed  et  omnes 
gentes  et  omni  tempore  una  lex  et  sempiterna  et  immutabilis 
continebit."  * 

*  Lact.  Div.  Just.,  Lib.  VI.  c.  8. 


510    OPPORTUNITIES  OF  HARVARD  STUDENTS. 

Our  young  brethren  of  successive  Sophomore  classes  have 
found  out  that  this  is  all  antiquated  nonsense.  They  act 
from  year  to  year  on  the  idea  that  what  would  be  mean,  cow- 
ardly, and  cruel  everywhere  else  may  be  practised  without 
discredit  by  persons  calling  themselves  young  gentlemen  at 
places  of  education ;  that  acts  of  oppression  and  insult  and 
personal  indignity  on  the  part  of  the  strong  towards  the  weak, 
of  numerous  bands  towards  isolated  individuals,  those  at 
home  towards  the  timid  new-comer,  —  acts  worthy  only  of  a 
mean-spirited  bully  and  blackguard,  and  so  regarded  by  the 
rest  of  the  civilized  world,  —  may  be  practised  without  dis- 
grace or  remorse,  nay,  with  brutal  glee,  by  a  Sophomore  in 
college.  Let  us,  Mr.  President,  reform  our  practice,  or  re- 
nounce all  adherence  to  the  established  principles  of  morals, 
courtesy,  humanity,  and  common  decency. 

One  word  more,  Mr.  President,  —  for  a  man,  I  think,  would 
show  himself  wanting  in  patriotic  feeling  who,  on  any  pub- 
lic occasion,  of  whatever  nature,  could  forbear  all  allusion  to 
the  present  state  of  the  country,  —  may  we  not  claim,  sir, 
that  the  sons  of  Harvard  have  remembered  their  duty  to 
their  common  parent  in  this  hour  of  her  trial  ?  May  I  not 
say,  without  unseemly  boasting,  that  she  has  poured  out  the 
best  of  her  young  blood  on  the  altar  of  the  country.  Put- 
nam, Howe,  Lowell,  are  but  a  specimen  of  the  names  which 
crowd  upon  our  recollection.  I  see  it  stated  that  four  of  this 
day's  class  are  enlisted  in  the  sacred  cause.  They  go  to  prac- 
tise the  lessons  they  have  learned  in  these  halls.  They  have 
listened,  not  in  vain,  to  the  teachings  of  ancient  and  modern 
wisdom,  that,  of  all  merely  human  obligations,  those  are  the 
most  imperative  that  unite  the  members  of  the  great  fam- 
ilies of  man  in  the  bonds  of  civilized  government,  and  that 
if  he  is  guilty  of  a  crime,  to  be  expiated  only  by  his  blood, 
who  plunges  a  dagger  into  the  heart  of  a  solitary  victim, 
history  and  after  ages  will  consign  to  eternal  infamy  the  trai- 
tors and  conspirators,  the  arma  sceculi  impia,  who  aim  a  fatal 
blow  at  the  life  of  the  nation. 

I  thank  you,  Mr.  President  and  brethren,  for  the  kindness 
with  which  you  have  listened  to  my  desultory  remarks,  and 
gladly  give  way  to  those  who  will  better  repay  your  attention. 


FEMALE  EDUCATION.* 


When  I  had  the  pleasure,  on  the  17th  of  September,  I860, 
of  attending  the  dedication  of  this  beautiful  school-house, 
I  expressed  the  hope  that  the  reputation  already  acquired  by 
the  D  wight  School  for  Girls  might  be  maintained  under  the 
new  organization  and  name;  that  the  improvement  of  its 
pupils  might  be  proportioned  to  their  advantages;  and  that 
their  progress  might  equal  the  warmest  wishes  of  teachers, 
parents,  and  friends.  The  school,  in  its  present  locality  and 
under  its  present  organization,  has  now  been  in  operation  for 
nearly  two  years ;  and  from  my  opportunities  of  personal 
observation,  and  from  all  that  I  have  heard  of  its  condition,  I 
may  add  from  the  appearance  of  things  at  the  present  exhi- 
bition, I  am  led  to  the  conclusion  that  the  hopes  then  ex- 
pressed by  me  have  been  amply  fulfilled;  and  that  this  school 
sustains  a  high  place  among  those  of  its  class  in  this  city  of 
Boston,  and  that  is  equivalent  to  saying  in  the  world;  for 
there  is  certainly  no  country  where  a  better  public-school 
system  exists  than  in  Boston,  certainly  none  where  a  larger 
sum  is  raised  by  taxation  for  its  support.  In  the  remarks 
which  I  had  occasion  to  make  at  the  dedication  of  the  school, 
I  observed  that  the  amount  appropriated  and  expended  for 
the  erection  and  repair  of  the  school-houses  and  the  sup- 
port of  schools,  in  the  year  before  ours  was  organized,  was 
$  517,816.  For  the  year  1860  -  61, 1  perceive,  from  the  last  re- 
port of  the  School  Committee,  that  the  amount  expended  for 
the  same  purpose  was  $  628,549,  —  an  amount  I  presume,  in 
proportion  to  our  population,  nowhere  exceeded  in  any  large 
city. 

*  Remarks  at  the  exhibition  of  the  Everett  School,  21st  July,  1862. 


512  FEMALE    EDUCATION. 

Vast  as  this  sum  is,  I  believe  that  no  part  of  the  city  ex- 
penditure is  better  laid  out  It  is  far  better  to  spend  the 
money  for  schools  and  school-houses  than  for  the  police,  for 
houses  of  correction,  and  the  support  of  their  wretched  in- 
mates. The  only  painful  reflection  which  this  great  expen- 
diture causes  me  is,  that  after  the  city  has  made  this  noble 
provision  for  the  education  of  all  its  children,  there  are  so 
many  who  are,  not  accidentally  and  occasionally,  but  habit- 
ually and  systematically,  deprived  of  its  benefits.  I  allude  to 
the  poor  boys  and  girls,  not  less  than  six  or  seven  hundred,  I 
presume,  who  are  sent  into  the  street  every  morning,  not 
fresh,  clean,  and  neat,  with  their  books  under  their  arms,  on 
their  way  to  the  primary  or  grammar  school  in  their  district, 
but  too  often  without  breakfast  (the  want  of  which  is  to  be 
made  up  from  their  first  uncertain  earnings),  many  of  them 
unwashed,  untidy,  wretchedly  clad,  to  pass  the  day  in  beg- 
ging, under  the  pretence  of  selling  candy,  lucifer-matches,  and 
lozenges,  and,  in  the  case  of  the  boys,  in  vending  newspapers. 
This  last  practice,  since  this  wicked  war  began,  has  grown 
into  a  serious  public  evil,  —  a  school  of  deception  to  the  poor 
children  thus  trained  to  earn  a  precarious  living  by  dissem- 
inating the  last  sensation  report,  often  the  last  stock-jobbing 
fabrication  ;  the  battle  that  was  never  fought ;  the  victory 
that  was  never  gained  ;  —  and  to  the  public  a  nuisance  of  no 
ordinary  magnitude,  which  deafens  the  streets  with  a  sense- 
less and  delusive  clamor ;  often  makes  the  sidewalks  nearly 
impassable;  thrusts  the  same  paper  in  your  face  at  every 
corner;  and  contributes  materially  to  increase  the  morbid 
excitement  necessarily  incident  to  a  state  of  war.  The  pub- 
lic, of  course,  would  be  far  better  accommodated  by  the  sale 
of  the  newspapers,  as  all  other  wares  are  sold,  at  shops  and 
stalls,  as  numerous  as  you  please  and  at  convenient  distances, 
exclusively  devoted  to  the  business;  the  interests  of  the  pro- 
prietors of  the  papers  would  not  suffer;  and  the  poor  children 
whose  lives  are  now  passed  on  the  pavement  might  be  enjoy- 
ing the  benefit  of  those  noble  schools  which  the  city  supports 
at  such  great  expense.  There  are,  I  am  told,  moral  aspects 
of    this   question   more   serious  than   any  to   which   I  have 


FEMALE    EDUCATION.  513 

alluded,  and  which,  in  addition  to  all  its  other  bearings,  make 
it  a  subject  well  worthy  the  serious  attention  of  the  intelli- 
gent and  patriotic  conductors  and  proprietors  of  the  city 
press. 

But  I  must  not  forget  that  it  is  a  girls'  school  which  we 
are  attending  this  afternoon.  When  this  school  was  ded- 
icated, two  years  ago,  I  made  some  remarks  on  the  manner 
in  which  the  city  of  Boston  had  dealt  with  the  somewhat 
difficult  subject  of  women's  rights  (so  called),  as  connected 
with  female  education.  I  will  not  repeat  what  I  then  said, 
but  I  will  only  observe  that  the  exercises  of  this  afternoon,  and 
the  known  routine  of  study  in  our  schools,  is  a  sufficient  proof 
that  we  recognize  the  equal  rights  of  the  sexes  to  such  an 
education  as  will  fit  them  for  any  of  the  duties  to  which,  in 
the  natural  course  of  things,  they  are  at  all  likely  to  be  called 
in  life.  Not  only  so,  but  the  instruction  given  in  the  schools 
for  girls  is  such  as  to  prepare  them,  more  and  more,  for  an 
enlarged  circle  of  occupations,  and  thus  relieve  them  from 
the  slavery  of  the  eternal  "  stitch,  stitch,  stitch."  Till  about 
a  hundred  years  ago  the  range  of  female  occupation  was 
somewhat  more  laborious  indeed,  but  at  the  same  time  more 
extensive  and  diversified  than  it  has  since  become.  Most  of 
the  clothing  for  both  sexes,  of  which  the  materials  were  wool 
and  flax  (there  was  very  little  cotton  then  worn),  was  spun 
and  woven  at  home.  The  beautiful  description  given  by 
King  Lemuel,  in  the  last  chapter  of  the  Book  of  Proverbs, 
of  the  domestic  economy  of  "  a  virtuous  woman,"  would 
have  applied  to  the  mistress  of  a  New  England  household  a 
century  ago.  "  She  seeketh  wool  and  flax  and  worketh  will- 
ingly with  her  hands."  Remember  this  is  an  Oriental  king 
who  speaks,  under  the  instructions  of  his  mother,  and  who  is 
describing  a  wife,  "  whose  husband  is  known  in  the  gates, 
when  he  sitteth  among  the  elders  of  the  land."  This  descrip- 
tion, I  say,  a  century  ago,  when  John  Adams  and  Samuel 
Adams  were  coming  forward,  would  have  applied  to  nine 
tenths  of  the  wives  and  mothers  of  New  England.  But 
about  that  time  a  great  event  took  place.  The  steam-engine 
burst,  panting  and  toiling,  into  the  world;  the  great  water- 

vol.  iv.  33 


514  FEMALE    EDUCATION. 

wheels  of  our  factories  began  to  revolve  (a  revolution  in  more 
than  one  sense);  the  spinning-jenny, the  mule,  and  the  spring- 
shuttle  began  to  supersede  the  diligent  hands  and  the  busy 
fingers  of  the  industrious  housewife,  her  daughters,  and  hand- 
maidens ;  King  Cotton  soon  sprang  to  that  throne  which,  if 
he  don't  take  good  heed  to  his  ways,  he  may  have  to  abdi- 
cate; the  great  spinning-wheel  and  the  little  spinning-wheel 
went  up  into  the  garret;  the  piano-forte  came  into  the  parlor; 
and  now  a  little  crochet  and  a  little  needle-work  (the  last 
seriously  interfered  with  by  the  sewing-machine)  are  the  only 
occupations  left  to  the  gentler  sex. 

But  this  state  of  things  is  likely  to  undergo  a  change 
while  the  war  continues.  After  Boston  has  raised  her  quota 
of  the  reinforcements  called  for  by  the  President  (as  I  doubt 
not  she  will  promptly  do),  she  will  have  sent  some  seven  or 
eight  thousand  persons  this  year  and  the  last  to  the  war,  —  a 
pretty  serious  draft  on  the  male  population.  One  third  part 
at  least  of  these  men  have  left  respectable  callings  which 
might  quite  as  well  be  pursued  by  women, — bookkeepers, 
clerks,  accountants,  artists,  salesmen,  and  attendants  in  estab- 
lishments of  every  kind,  where  the  labor  is  not  too  severe  for 
females.  The  course  of  instruction  in  our  girls'  schools  pre- 
pares the  pupils  for  the  intelligent  performance  of  the  duties 
of  these  pursuits.  In  this  way  one  of  the  great  defects  of 
modern  society  is  remedied,  —  I  mean,  a  want  of  diversified 
employment  for  young  women ;  the  circle  of  their  em- 
ployment is  enlarged ;  talent  now  lying  dormant  is  called 
into  exercise,  and  occupation  more  healthful  and  remunera- 
tive than  needle-work  provided  for  thousands.  Nor  will  tne 
benefit  be  confined  to  them.  Hundreds  of  our  patriotic  and 
high-spirited  young  men  will  be  too  happy  to  exchange  the 
confinement  of  the  shop  and  the  counting-room  for  the  field. 
They  will  gladly  go  to  share  the  toils,  the  perils,  and  the  glory 
of  their  brethren,  who  have  already  enlisted  in  the  service  of 
our  beloved  country ;  and  when  they  return  from  the  war, 
they  will  find  that  the  scars  of  the  honorable  wounds  they 
have  received  in  the  cause  of  the  Union  will  but  win  them  a 
warmer  welcome  from  those  who  have  been  temporarily  occu- 


FEMALE    EDUCATION.  515 

pying  their  places,  and  who  are  as  much  devoted  to  union  as 
themselves,  and  will  cheerfully,  I  doubt  not,  enter  into  part- 
nership to  carry  on  the  business  together. 

In  conclusion,  my  young  friends,  let  me  thank  you  for  this 
token  [a  splendid  bouquet]  of  your  friendly  feelings  and  regard, 
and  tender  to  each  and  all  of  you  my  most  cordial  good 
wishes. 


THE  DUTY  OF  CRUSHING  THE  REBELLION* 


I  appear  before  you,  fellow-citizens,  to  offer  you  some 
plain  reasons  for  a  prompt  compliance  with  the  call  of  the 
President.  I  do  not  propose  in  what  I  have  to  say  to  take 
up  your  time  with  patriotic  commonplaces,  but  to  lay  before 
you  a  few  plain  matters  of  fact,  and  a  few  considerations 
addressed  to  your  understandings. 

Let  us  first  look  at  the  state  of  the  country.  The  war, 
into  which  we  were  forced  without  preparation,  has  been  car- 
ried on  actively  for  about  sixteen  months,  over  a  territory  as 
extensive  as  half  of  Europe,  and  upon  the  whole  with  great 
success.  Beginning  at  the  North,  we  have  saved  Maryland ; 
we  have  reopened  one  of  the  great  lines  of  communication 
East  and  West,  which  had  been  cut  off  by  the  rebels  early 
last  year ;  we  hold  the  capes  which  guard  the  entrance  of 
Chesapeake  Bay,  and  have  rekindled  upon  them  the  beacons 
of  the  world's  commerce,  which  the  barbarism  of  secession 
had  quenched ;  Fortress  Monroe  and  the  navy-yard  at  Nor- 
folk, which  control  the  outlet  of  the  great  Virginia  rivers,  are 
in  our  hands.  The  gallant  Burn  side  and  his  brave  troops 
have  given  us,  with  the  exception  of  Wilmington,  the  sea- 
coast  of  North  Carolina,  and  with  it  the  great  inland  sounds 
of  that  State.  I  know  in  military  history  no  brighter  example 
of  what  may  be  effected  by  the  indomitable  energy  of  a  com- 
mander, when  supported  by  the  right  sort  of  men,  than  the 
success  of  the  expedition  against  Roanoke  Island,  shattered 
as  it  seemed  to  be  by  that  tremendous  storm  of  last  Novem- 
ber.    Admiral  Dupont  and  his  brave  blue-jackets  have  given 

*  Remarks  at  the  Mass  Meeting  of  Ward  Four,  in  Tremont  Temple, 
Wednesday  evening,  6th  August,  1862. 


THE  DUTY  OF  CRUSHING  THE  REBELLION.    517 

us    Port    Royal,  the   finest    harbor   on   the    Southern    coast 
between    Lynnhaven   Bay   and    Pensacola;    and    from   Fort 
Pulaski  we  command  Savannah.     An  ill-concerted  attempt 
on  Charleston   has   failed,  but  the  whole    Southern   coast  is 
efficiently  blockaded  ;  I  say  efficiently,  for  it  is  physically  im- 
possible so  to  blockade  an  extensive  line  of  coast,  abounding 
in  creeks   and  inlets,  as  that  a  vessel  of  light  draft,  propelled 
by  steam,  will  not  occasionally  get  in  or  out  of  a  dark  night. 
The  same  state  of  things  exists  in  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  where 
we  have   wrested  Pensacola  from  the  rebels,  and  the  entire 
coast  of  the  Gulf  States  is  under  an  efficient  blockade.     That 
Mobile   has   not  been   captured  is  merely  owing  to  the  fact 
that  the  mortar  fleet  was  in  greater  request  elsewhere.     Then 
we  have  that  most  magnificent  success,  the  bombardment  of 
Fort  Jackson  and  Fort  St.  Philip,  the  capture  of  New  Or- 
leans, which  we  owe  to  Porter,  Farragut,  and  Butler,  and  the 
admirably  handled  expeditions  led  by  them,  giving  us  the 
command  of  the   outlet  of  the  most  extensive  system  of  in- 
ternal navigation  in  the  world.     While  this  has  been  going 
on  below,  Admiral  Foote  and  Captain  Davis  and  their  gun- 
boats  have  swept  the  noble  river  down  to  Vicksburg;  the  Cum- 
berland and  the  Tennessee  far  up  into  Northern  Alabama  have 
been  redeemed ;  and  the  single  city  of  Vicksburg,  which,  with- 
out any  military  operations,  will  fall  with  the  next  flood  of  the 
Mississippi,  is  all  that  remains  under  hostile  control  from  the 
Falls  of  St.  Anthony,  for  two  thousand  miles,  down  to  the  Gulf. 
All  organized  resistance  to  the  government  has  been  driven  out 
of  Kentucky,  Missouri,  and  Tennessee,  though  in  a  region  so 
vast,  and  in  parts  so  thinly  peopled,  it  is  impossible  to  prevent 
the  inroads  of  partisan  corps,  who  dash  at  midnight  into  an 
unprotected  town,  plunder  the  houses,  and  steal  the  horses  of 
peaceful  citizens,  vanish  at  the  break  of  day  like  a  "  guilty 
thing,"  and  then,  in   flaming  bulletins,  boast  of  "capturing 
a  city."     Then,  too,  Western  Virginia  has,  after  years  of  dis- 
content under  the  oppression  of  Eastern  Virginia,  been  at 
length  emancipated ;  and  the  rebel  armies  which,  half  a  year 
ago,   threatened   Washington  and   blockaded  the   Potomac, 
have  been  compelled  to  fall  back  on  Richmond.     Rallying 


518        THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION. 

their  forces  from  the  entire  South  at  that  point,  they  have 
been  able,  as  might  be  expected,  to  hold  the  Union  army  in 
check,  not  so  long,  however,  by- very  far,  as  the  Russians  held 
the  combined  forces  of  England  and  France  in  check  at  Se- 
bastopol ;  not  so  long  as  the  armies  of  France,  although 
Napoleon  had  an  Austrian  war  on  his  hands  at  the  same 
time,  held  Wellington  in  check  within  the  lines  of  Torres 
Vedras ;  not  so  long  as  Washington  was  held  in  check 
with  fifteen  thousand  men  before  Boston  by  six  thousand 
British  troops,  which  he  allowed  to  escape  without  the  loss 
of  a  man. 

Such,  fellow-citizens,  is  the  work  of  a  year  and  a  third 
of  this  extemporized  war,  and  such  the  present  state  of  affairs. 
Where,  in  the  history  of  the  world,  has  more  been  done  in  a 
shorter  time  ?  All  honor,  then,  I  say,  to  the  gallant  army  and 
navy  of  the  United  States  and  their  brave  and  patriotic  com- 
manders! 

But  while  the  position  of  affairs,  at  this  moment,  furnishes 
no  ground  for  discouragement,  it  does  create  a  necessity  for 
prompt  and  energetic  action,  on  the  part  of  the  government 
and  the  people.  The  enemy  has,  by  a  levy  en  masse,  placed 
his  entire  arms-bearing  population  in  the  field,  —  a  very  con- 
siderable portion  of  them  Union  men  forced  into  the  service. 
A  very  striking  proof  of  this  is  seen  in  the  fact,  that  more 
than  ten  per  cent  of  the  prisoners  of  war  recently  released 
from  Fort  Delaware  have  taken  the  oath  of  allegiance  to  the 
United  States,  and  refused  to  go  back  to  the  South.  With 
the  overwhelming  force,  placed  by  this  levy  at  their  command, 
the  leaders  of  the  rebellion  not  only  expect  to  drive  McClellan 
to  capitulation  or  to  a  disastrous  retreat,  but  they  propose  to 
invade  the  free  States  in  three  separate  columns,  capture 
Washington,  carry  the  war  into  Pennsylvania  and  Ohio,  and 
as  much  farther  north  as  may  suit  their  convenience.  The 
simple  question  before  us  is,  whether  we  will  allow  this  to  be 
done ;  in  other  words,  whether,  after  all  our  victories,  we  will 
be  driven,  by  a  series  of  disasters  inflicting  the  most  dreadful 
sacrifices  of  property  and  life,  and  disgrace  worse  than  the 
loss  of  both,  to  submit  to  the  demands  of  the  South  and  to 


THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION.         519 

allow  that  Union  to  be  broken  up,  which  Washington,  in 
1796,  proclaimed  "  the  main  pillar  of  your  real  independence, 
the  support  of  your  tranquillity  at  home,  your  peace  abroad, 
of  your  safety,  of  your  prosperity,  of  that  very  liberty  which 
you  so  highly  prize." 

For  consider,  fellow-citizens,  should  the  rupture  of  the 
States  be  brought  about  by  violence  and  civil  war,  we  shall 
bid  a  long  farewell  both  to  peace  at  home  and  to  safety 
abroad.  If  the  Cotton  States,  or  rather  a  few  ambitious  polit- 
ical leaders  in  the  Cotton  States,  had  been  willing  to  submit 
the  question  of  secession  fairly  to  the  people  of  the  individual 
States,  and  the  people  had  declared  in  favor  of  separation 
(which  it  is  well  known  they  would  not  have  done,  except 
in  South  Carolina,  and  not  certainly  there),  and  if  then  the 
question  of  allowing  them  to  depart  peaceably  had  been 
brought  before  a  constitutional  convention  of  the  United 
States,  the  only  body  competent  to  decide  that  question,  I  for 
one  should  have  been  willing  they  should  try  the  experiment, 
—  theUnited  States,  of  course,  establishing  a  suitable  boundary 
and  retaining  the  national  arsenals,  dock -yards,  and  forts  on 
the  coast  and  at  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi,  which  have 
from  time  to  time  been  specifically  ceded  to  the  Union,  and 
which  are  necessary  for  its  commercial  safety  and  military 
defence.  I  say  I  should  have  been  willing  to  let  them  try 
the  experiment  as  the  means  of  retaining  the  border  States 
and  averting  civil  war,  and  because  the  seceding  States  would 
have  been  sure,  in  a  year  or  two,  to  be  on  their  knees  to  get 
back  into  the  Union.  All  this  the  leaders  well  knew,  and  for 
this  reason  they  would  not  permit  the  question  to  go  to  the 
people.  Mr.  Stephens,  in  his  celebrated  speech  of  the  14th 
of  November,  1860,  pleaded  for  such  a  reference  to  a  conven- 
tion of  the  people,  chosen  for  that  object.  Mr.  Toombs  said, 
"  I  am  afraid  of  conventions."  He  wanted  the  vote  of  the 
legislature  in  favor  of  secession  to  go  before  the  people,  not 
simply  and  fairly,  but  in  this  deceptive  and  irritating  form, 
"  Will  you  submit  to  Abolition  rule  or  resist?  "  Mr.  Stephens 
told  him  that  such  a  mode  of  putting  the  question  "smacked 
of  unfairness  and  fraud."     "  Is  that,"  said  he,  "  a  fair  way  of 


520    THE  DUTY  OF  CRUSHING  THE  REBELLION. 

getting  an  expression  of  the  people's  will  on  all  these  questions 
(of  secession)  ?  I  think  not,  for  who  in  Georgia  is  going  to 
submit  to  Abolition  rule  ? "  Now  mark  Mr.  Toombs's  con- 
fession. When  Mr.  Stephens  protested  against  putting  the 
question  of  secession  in  that  offensive  and  intentionally  irri- 
tating form,  and  asked,  "  Who  in  Georgia  is  going  to  submit 
to  Abolition  rule  ?  "  Mr.  Toombs's  instant  reply  was,  "  The 
convention  will."  Call  a  convention  of  the  people  to  act 
specifically  on  the  subject  of  secession,  and  put  it  to  them  in 
terms  expressly  designed  and  best  calculated  to  irritate  and 
disgust  them,  and  they  would  still  vote  against  it.  The  same 
is  the  case  in  every  other  Southern  State.  I  made  a  remark  in 
Faneuil  Hall,  two  or  three  weeks  ago,  to  the  effect  that  the 
States  had  been  driven  into  secession  by  an  absolute  reign  of 
terror,  and  that  there  was  loyalty  enough  at  the  South 
wherever  it  was  safe  to  show  it.  Some  of  my  friends  thought 
I  had  stated  this  too  strongly ;  but  a  few  days  ago  I  received 
a  letter  from  a  most  intelligent  writer,  a  Union  refugee  from 
one  of  the  Southwestern  States,  a  member  of  the  seceding 
legislature  in  his  own  State,  in  which  he  savs  my  account  of 
the  matter  is  perfectly  true,  and  that  his  State  was  carried 
out  of  the  Union  by  menace  and  terror.  It  was  with  extreme 
difficulty  that  Northern  Alabama  was  forced  into  the  seces- 
sion movement.  The  journals  the  past  week  contain  a  report 
from  the  colonel  of  an  Indiana  regiment  stationed  at  Hunts- 
ville  in  that  State,  who,  having  received  information  that  a 
number  of  Union  men  were  lurking  in  the  woods  thirty  miles 
south  of  Decatur,  took  a  sufficient  force  'to  afford  them  pro- 
tection, and  bring  them,  if  they  wished  it,  within  the  lines  of 
the  Union  army.  On  arriving  where  they  lived,  none  but  the 
women  of  their  families  could  be  found  at  home ;  the  men 
had  taken  refuge  in  the  mountains ;  but  as  soon  as  a  mes- 
sage was  sent  them  that  they  could  do  so  in  safety,  they 
came  forward  to  the  number  of  two  hundred,  and  enlisted  in 
the  Federal  army.  Colonel  Straight  mentions,  in  his  report, 
that  the  wife  of  one  of  these  hardy  mountaineers,  Mrs.  Camp- 
bell, mounted  her  horse,  rode  thirty-five  miles  and  back,  sev- 
enty miles  in  thirty-six  hours,  bringing  with  her  thirty  loyal 


THE  DUTY  OF  CRUSHING  THE  REBELLION.    521 

recruits.  I  hope  Colonel  Straight's  regimental  band  hailed 
them  with  "  The  Campbells  are  coming."  In  the  National 
Intelligencer  of  the  2d  of  this  month  there  is  a  commu- 
nication from  a  loyal  Southern  subscriber  to  that  paper,  in 
which  he  says :  "  Many  persons  appear  surprised  that  there 
has  been  so  slight  a  manifestation  of  Union  sentiment  in 
those  portions  of  the  South  that  have  been  occupied  by  the 
army,  and  are  inclined  rashly  to  come  to  the  conclusion  that 
no  such  sentiment  in  fact  exists  in  those  parts.  Such  is  not 
the  case ;  there  are  very  many  men  in  all  parts  of  the  South, 
who  are  at  this  moment,  as  they  have  always  been,  loyal  and 
true  to  the  Union,  but  they  dare  not  manifest  it  till  they  are 
sure  of  permanent  protection." 

And  this  state  of  things  discloses  to  you,  fellow-citizens, 
the  way  in  which  this  unrighteous  war  was  brought  about. 
The  leaders  in  the  Cotton  States,  some  of  whom  have  boasted 
that  they  have  been  plotting  disunion  for  thirty  years,  satis- 
fied themselves  at  length  that  they  could  not  carry  the  people 
with  them  on  the  question  of  secession,  even  when  put  in  its 
most  offensive  and  exasperating  terms.  They  knew,  howev- 
er, that  the  extreme  opinions  on  State  rights,  taught  by  Mr. 
Calhoun,  had  gained  extensive  hold  on  the  Southern  mind, 
especially  in  Virginia,  and  their  confederates  in  Richmond 
had  assured  them  that  the  moment  a  drop  of  blood  was  shed 
Virginia  would  take  the  field  in  defence  of  Carolina. 

No  sooner,  therefore,  had  Carolina  seceded,  than  she  began 
to  make  preparation  for  the  shedding1  of  blood;  not  in  self- 
defence,  not  from  any  military  necessity  even  of  aggression, 
but  on  a  cold  calculation  of  policy,  to  draw  Virginia  and  the 
other  border  States  into  the  war.  The  orators  in  the  British 
Parliament  who  have  taken  the  cause  of  secession  under  their 
protection  make  a  great  point  of  the  fact  that,  before  pro- 
ceeding to  acts  of  violence,  South  Carolina  endeavored  to 
obtain  possession  of  the  national  forts  peaceably.  It  is  true 
that  a  farce  was  first  enacted  of  sending  commissioners  to 
Washington  to  treat  for  the  purchase  of  the  forts.  They 
knew  that  the  President  had  no  power  to  sell  them;  the 
object  was  merely  to  gain  a  pretence  for  their  bombardment. 


522       THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLLION. 

Major  Anderson  saw  that  he  was  not  safe  in  Fort  Moultrie, 
and  by  a  masterly  movement  took  possession  of  Fort  Sumter. 
At  this  signal  all  Carolina  flew  to  arms ;  eleven  batteries 
were  erected  on  the  surrounding  islands.  On  the  9th  of  Jan- 
uary, the  Star  of  the  West,  carrying  reinforcements  to  the 
gallant  company  in  Sumter,  the  stars  and  stripes  flying  at 
the  fore,  was  traitorously  fired  upon,  not  by  pirates,  not  by 
foreign  enemies,  but  in  profound  peace,  and  by  men  who  pre- 
tended to  be  Americans.  The  Charleston  Mercury,  the  lead- 
ing secession  journal,  was  filled  with  articles  designed  to 
goad  the  assembled  forces  to  an  attack  on  Major  Anderson, 
and  on  the  24th  of  January  closed  an  inflammatory  appeal  of 
this  kind  with  the  following  words,  which  reveal  the  whole 
machinery  by  which  the  country  has  been  engineered  into 
this  wicked  war:  "Border  Southern  States  will  never  join 
us,  until  we  have  indicated  our  power  to  free  ourselves, 
until  we  have  proven  that  a  garrison  of  seventy  men  cannot 
hold  the  portal  of  our  commerce.  The  fate  of  the  Southern 
Confederacy  hangs  by  the  ensign  halliards  of  Fort  Sumter." 

Mr.  Lincoln  was  inaugurated,  and  he  declared  that  no 
attempt  would  be  made,  under  his  administration,  to  encroach 
on  the  constitutional  rights  of  any  of  the  States.  He  sent  a 
provision  ship  to  supply  the  siege-worn  company  at  Fort 
Sumter,  but  the  batteries  of  the  chivalry  fired  upon  and  drove 
back  the  unarmed  vessel.  Major  Anderson  was  then  sum- 
moned to  surrender;  this  of  course  he  refused  to  do,  but  in 
an  informal  conference  he  told  the  Confederate  leader,  that 
if  he  was  not  battered  to  pieces,  he  should  be  starved  out  in 
forty-eight  hours.  They  did  not  want  to  get  the  fort  by 
starvation.  That  would  not  "  fire  the  Southern  heart."  Blood, 
blood,  was  what  was  wanted.  The  "  Southern  Confederacy 
hung  by  the  halliards  of  Fort  Sumter,"  and  by  an  act  of 
treason  as  flagrant  as  was  ever  perpetrated  since  the  arch 
rebel  revolted  and  "drew  after  him  one  third  part  of  Heaven's 
sons,"  that  glorious  flag  which  had  floated  in  honor  over  every 
sea,  and  from  the  snows  of  the  North  to  the  burning  plains 
of  Mexico,  and  which  never  went  down  in  an  equal  fight 
with  any  foreign  foe,  now  sunk  beneath  the  red-hot  cannon- 


THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION.        523 

balls  of  an  officer  who  had  been  educated  under  its  folds,  — 
who  was  then  under  an  oath  of  allegiance  to  its  service,  and 
was  indebted  for  the  gold  in  his  epaulettes  to  the  pay  which 
he  had  been  drawing  from  the  national  treasury.  Such  was 
the  beginning  of  the  war. 

The  unfriendly  press  of  Europe,  with  an  industry  and  zeal 
worthy  of  a  better  cause,  is  endeavoring  to  enlist  the  sympathy 
of  foreign  nations,  and  to  goad  their  governments  into  hostile 
interference,  on  the  pretence  that  the  United  States  are  wag- 
ing an  unprovoked  war  of  subjugation  and  conquest.  Now 
let  us  put  a  parallel  case.  Fort  Sumter  was  territorially  the 
property  of  the  United  States,  and  this  by  special  grant. 
The  fort  was  built  on  an  island  ceded  to  the  General  Govern- 
ment by  the  State  of  South  Carolina,  and  consequently  be- 
longing to  the  United  States,  then  and  now,  just  as  much  as 
the  District  of  Columbia  does.*  Now,  granting,  for  the  sake 
of  argument,  the  right  of  South  Carolina  to  secede  (which 
of  course  we  utterly  deny),  though  she  might  take  herself  off, 
she  could  not  take  the  forts  and  the  islands  on  which  they 
are  built,  for  these  she  had  solemnly  and  without  reservation 
ceded  to  the  Union.  They  accordingly  belonged  to  the 
United  States,  to  say  the  least,  as  much  as  Gibraltar  belongs 
to  England.  Now,  suppose  Spain,  feeling  as  she  does  that 
this  encampment  of  a  foreign  power  upon  her  territory  is  a 
standing  monument  of  her  weakness  and  decline,  —  in  fact,  a 
great  territorial  and  political  eyesore,  —  should  first  propose  to 
buy  Gibraltar  of  England,  and  send  commissioners  to  Lon- 
don to  negotiate  the  purchase,  as  South  Carolina  sent  agents 
to  Washington  to  negotiate  the  purchase  of  Moultrie  and 
Sumter.  The  offer  of  course  would  be  rejected  with  disdain. 
England  would  as  soon  sell  to  Spain  the  dock-yard  of  Wol- 
wich  or  the  Tower  of  London.  Whereupon  the  commission- 
ers go  back  to  Madrid,  and  Spain  forthwith  lays  siege  to 
Gibraltar  by  land  and  sea,  fires  upon  an  unarmed  supply-ship 
sent  from  England  to  provision  the  fortress,  and  at  length,  in 
a  time  of  profound  peace,  without  a  shadow  of  provocation, 
and  for  no  other  reason  than  that  she  wants  Gibraltar  for  her 
own  purposes,  bombards  it,  and,  more  successful  than  in  1782, 


524    THE  DUTY  OF  CRUSHING  THE  REBELLION. 

reduces  and  captures  it.  How  many  hours  would  elapse, 
after  the  news  reached  England,  before  every  available  ship 
in  the  British  navy  would  be  under  orders  to  the  Spanish 
coast,  and  every  available  soldier  in  the  British  army  em- 
barked, to  wash  out  this  intolerable  insult  in  blood?  But  this 
is  the  precise  history  of  the  bombardment  of  Sumter,  except 
that  the  outrage,  instead  of  being  confined  to  one  Gibraltar, 
was  followed  by  the  surprise  and  seizure  of  half  a  dozen 
other  Gibraltars  belonging  to  the  American  government,  and 
scattered  along  our  coasts  and  at  the  mouths  of  our  great 
rivers. 

Take  another  instance.  About  twenty-five  years  ago  a 
long-standing  territorial  dispute  between  England  and  the 
United  States  seemed  near  its  crisis.  The  debatable  land 
was  a  bit  of  wilderness  in  the  northeast  corner  of  Maine, 
which  would  not  have  sold*at  auction  for  twenty  cents  an 
acre.  Both  governments  claimed  it;  the  United  States 
attempted  some  exercise  of  civil  jurisdiction;  not  a  drop  of 
blood  was  shed  or  threatened  to  be  shed  ;  but  before  you  could 
turn  round,  seventeen  regiments  of  British  troops  were  poured 
into  the  provinces.  Why,  not  a  twelvemonth  ago,  an  armed 
vessel  of  the  United  States,  in  the  exercise  of  the  belligerent 
right  of  search,  detained  a  British  merchant  steamer,  and 
took  from  her  four  Americans  bound  for  Europe  on  an  errand 
of  hostility,  striking  directly  at  the  very  existence  of  the 
United  States.  The  act  was  not  ordered  by  the  government 
of  the  United  States,  and  it  was  performed  in  good  faith  by 
the  American  commander,  in  what  he  considered  the  exercise 
of  an  undoubted  right  by  the  law  of  nations.  Not  a  drop 
of  blood  was  shed,  nor  a  farthing's  worth  of  property  injured. 
For  this  affront  to  her  flag,  as  she  regarded  it,  without  wait- 
ing to  know  whether  it  was  authorized  by  the  government  of 
the  United  States,  without  a  pause  to  ascertain  whether  the 
highly  colored  statement  of  the  facts  was  true,  in  three  days 
after  receiving  an  ex  parte  exaggerated  account  of  the  occur- 
rence, the  government  makes  of  England  a  demand  for  instant 
disavowal  and  apology,  despatches  troops  for  Canada,  and 
commences  gigantic  preparations  for  immediate  war.     Is  it 


THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION.        525 

not  amazing  that,  at  the  very  moment  she  is  taking  these 
summary  steps  for  the  redress  of  an  imaginary  affront,  her 
presses,  with  a  near  approach  to  unanimity,  and  with  a  sanc- 
tion of  a  portion  of  her  Parliament,  are  fiercely  reproaching 
the  government  and  loyal  people  of  this  country,  because  they 
have  risen  in  arms  against  a  rebellious  combination,  ostenta- 
tiously announcing  itself  as  a  foreign  power,  and  as  such  not 
capturing  one  Gibraltar,  not  sending  a  sheriff  into  one  dis- 
puted village,  not  detaining  one  Trent,  but  bombarding  and 
seizing  half  a  dozen  forts,  plundering  arsenals,  dock-yards, 
mints,  and  post-offices  throughout  the  South,  raising  armies, 
threatening  the  capital  of  the  Union,  and  involving  the  whole 
country  in  a  destructive  and  ruinous  war  ? 

Can  anything  be  more  unreasonable,  unfair,  and  unjust? 
But  supposing  we  should  shrink  before  the  denunciations  of 
the  foreign  press,  and  the  menace  of  intervention  into  which 
(unsuccessfully  as  yet)  it  is  striving  to  goad  the  governments 
of  Europe.  What  should  we  gain  by  abandoning  the  strug- 
gle as  hopeless  and  acknowledging  the  independence  of  the 
Confederacy  ?  In  the  first  place,  where  will  you  draw  the 
boundary  ?  Shall  we,  who  a  few  years  ago,  and  under  a 
Southern  lead,  were  ready  to  plunge  into  a  war  with  Eng- 
land for  a  corner  of  Maine  and  a  corner  of  Oregon,  —  shall  we 
give  up  to  a  foreign  power  (for  foreign  it  will  then  be)  the 
gates  of  the  Chesapeake,  the  fortresses  that  command  the 
Gulf  of  Mexico  and  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi  and  half 
the  territory  of  the  United  States !  Is  it  England  who  threat- 
ened war  with  Spain  in  1770  for  the  worthless  group  of  the 
Falkland  Islands,  and  in  1790  for  the  still  more  remote  and 
at  that  time  worthless  possession  of  Nootka  Sound,  that  re- 
bukes the  United  States  for  not  surrendering  one  half  of  their 
territory  and  the  most  important  lines  of  commerce  and  mil- 
itary communication,  at  the  first  tap  of  the  rebel  drum  ?  But 
let  the  question  of  boundary  pass.  Suppose  that,  yielding 
to  the  burden  of  the  war,  we  agree  to  recognize  the  Confed- 
eracy, give  up  whatever  they  choose  to  take,  abandon  the 
Union  men  of  Western  Virginia,  Maryland,  Kentucky,  Mis- 
souri, Tennessee,  in  a  word,  of  the  entire  South,  to  the  tender 


526        THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION. 

mercies  of  the  Confederate  leaders,  already  shown  in  the  most 
ruthless  proscription,  how  long  is  peace  to  last?  On  what 
footing  will  you  stand  ?  Recollect,  they  profess  to  despise 
you.  They  describe  you  as  unwarlike,  mercenary,  cold- 
blooded, hypocritical,  the  degenerate  posterity  of  the  vulgar 
Puritan  stock,  born  to  be  ruled  by  the  high-toned,  warlike, 
chivalrous  South.  The  immediate  cause  of  the  present  war 
is  that  your  President  would  not  sell  them  Fort  Sumter, 
which  he  had  no  constitutional  right  to  do.  This  is  their 
way  of  discussing  international  affairs,  for  they  claim  to  be  a 
foreign  nation.  They  make  a  preposterous  demand,  with 
which  you  could  not  if  you  would  comply,  and  because  you 
decline,  they  fire  on  your  flag,  bombard  and  capture  your 
forts,  raise  an  army,  and  march  on  your  capital ;  and  you,  out- 
numbering them  in  the  proportion  of  twenty-two  millions  to 
nine  millions,  after  a  struggle  of  sixteen  months,  crOwned  for 
the  most  part  with  the  most  brilliant  success,  at  a  partial  turn 
of  the  tide  of  fortune,  are  told  that  you  ought  to  abandon 
the  contest  and  sue  for  peace.  Ah,  my  fellow-citizens,  is 
such  a  course  going  to  insure  you  peace  at  home  or  abroad  ? 
Do  you  think  it  wise  or  safe  to  take  this  new  departure  on 
the  voyage  of  national  existence,  under  these  mournful  insig- 
nia of  discomforture  and  disaster?  Did  a  nation  ever  secure 
an  honorable  peace  by  showing  that  she  was  unable  to  sus- 
tain herself  in  a  just  war?  Are  you  going  to  say  to  the 
South,  by  actions  that  speak  louder  than  words,  "  Outnum- 
bering you  as  we  do  nearly  three  to  one,  surpassing  you  as 
we  do  in  the  same  proportion  in  all  the  resources  of  material 
wealth,  we  yet  succumb  to  you !  Take  back  the  forts  which 
you  ceded  to  us,  —  we  cannot  defend  them ;  wrest  from  us  the 
new  States  on  the  Gulf,  which  we  bought  with  a  price  five 
sixths  of  which  was  paid  by  our  free  population ;  partition 
our  territory ;  help  yourselves  to  the  public  lands,  and  dedi- 
cate them  to  slavery ;  cut  off  our  great  lines  of  railroad ; 
open  and  shut  the  outlet  of  the  mighty  rivers  which  drain  our 
central  basins  at  your  pleasure ;  do  what  you  will  with  us, 
we  feel  that  we  cannot  resist  you  ?  "  And  will  they  not  take 
us  at  our  word,  now  and  forever  ?     You  see  already  what 


THE  DUTY  OF  CRUSHING  THE  REBELLION.    527 

they  consider  a  cause  of  war.  Enter  into  an  election  with 
them,  choose  a  President  whom  they  don't  like,  deny  their 
right  to  trample  under  foot  the  Constitution  they  have  all 
adopted  and  sworn  to  support,  and  refuse  to  sell  them  your 
forts,  and  they  go  to  war.  This  is  the  history  of  the  past, 
and  if  they  succeed  in  it,  on  all  the  principles  of  human  na- 
ture, it  will  be  the  history  of  the  future.  If,  rejecting  the 
mild  arbitrament  of  the  Constitution  and  the  laws,  almost 
always  administered  by  themselves,  they  have  chosen  to  settle 
this  dispute  by  secession  and  war,  how  can  we  ever  live  at 
peace  when  the  umpirage  of  the  Federal  government  is  with- 
drawn, and  nothing  but  war  remains  for  the  settlement  of 
public  disputes?  Controversies  are  sure  to  spring  up  be- 
tween neighboring  States.  Parting  in  the  manner  that  the 
North  and  South  will  part,  and  situated  as  they  are  toward 
each  other,  these  subjects  of  dispute  will  forever  recur.  The 
South  has  told  you  how  she  means  to  deal  with  them.  War, 
instant  war,  is  her  alternative.  What  has  hitherto  been  called 
the  ultima  ratio  regum  is  the  prima  ratio  of  secession ;  she  bor- 
rows her  international  law  from  the  highway,  —  a  pistol  at  your 
head,  your  purse  or  your  life.  She  tells  you  she  has  made 
up  her  mind  to  secede.  You  tell  her  that  it  is  only  in  a  con- 
stitutional convention  that  such  a  question  can  be  entertained, 
and  she  settles  that  matter  by  seizing  the  forts,  arsenals,  and 
dock-yards.  "  Give  us  up  Sumter."  The  President  replies, 
You  ceded  it  to  us  without  reservation ;  it  belongs  to  the 
United  States ;  I  have  no  power,  no  right,  to  surrender  it.  A 
besieging  army  of  ten  thousand  men  and  eleven  blazing  bat- 
teries knock  it  about  our  ears,  and  that  little  point  of  consti- 
tutional law  is  decided.  The  first  question  that  will  arise  if 
you  recognize  the  Confederacy  will  be  on  the  extradition  of 
fugitive  slaves.  No  independent  foreign  nation  ever  thinks 
of  their  surrender.  They  will  come  in  large  numbers  after 
the  separation;  the  South  will  demand  that  they  should  be 
given  up;  the  personal-liberty  bills  of  the  North  have  been 
among  the  great  causes  of  the  present  rupture.  Give  them 
up,  she  will  now  say,  or  Stonewall  Jackson  will  come  and 
take   them.     One    of   the   articles   of   the   rebel  programme, 


528        THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION. 

lately  agreed  upon  at  Richmond,  is  stated  to  be,  "  the  sup- 
pression of  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  Railroad."  Ninety 
miles  of  it  lie  through  Virginia ;  they  will  of  course  do  with 
it  what  they  please.  Ohio  may  be  a  little  restive  under  this 
discipline,  but  she  must  submit,  or  she  has  got  to  send  an 
army  to  keep  open  this  all-important  route  to  the  seaboard. 
With  a  system  of  free-trade  at  the  South  and  moderate 
protection  at  the  North,  smuggling  upon  a  large  scale  — 
armed  bands  of  smugglers,  like  those  which  desolated  Spain 
for  ages  —  will  spring  up  along  our  vast  frontier.  To  this 
you  must  submit,  or  it  will  promptly  be  wrought  up  into 
a  cause  of  war  with  our  belligerent  and  warm-blooded 
neighbors.  Above  all,  the  Mississippi,  —  the  great  natural 
outlet  of  half  the  continent,  —  you  have  got  to  tear  up  the 
treaty  by  which  Louisiana  was  ceded  to  the  United  States, 
undo  the  work  of  Jefferson  and  Napoleon,  surrender  a  do- 
main such  as  Providence  never  before  intrusted  to  a  civ- 
ilized government,  or  you  have  got  to  hold  it  by  the  sword, 
for  that 's  the  way  secession  resolves  all  controversies.  In 
short,  fellow-citizens,  if  this  rebellion  now  succeeds,  instead 
of  an  honorable  and  lasting  peace,  we  have  but  one  alterna- 
tive to  look  forward  to,  —  that  of  eternal  war  or  eternal  hu- 
miliation and  disgrace,  not  merely  in  our  relations  with  the 
South,  whose  language  towards  us  already  passes  all  ordi- 
nary limits  of  contumely,  but  from  the  nations  of  the  earth. 
What  respect  are  they  likely  to  pay  to  the  reclamations  either 
of  the  North  or  South,  however  well  founded,  when  they  see 
us  forever  clenched  at  each  other's  throats  in  the  gripe  of 
death  ?  In  fact,  if  the  madness  which  has  ruled  the  hour  at 
the  South  had  not,  while  it  quenched  every  spark  of  patriot- 
ism, deafened  them  at  the  same  time  to  the  voice  of  enlight- 
ened self-interest,  they  would  have  seen  that,  of  all  the  political 
suicides  ever  committed,  secession  is  the  most  hideous.  Bent 
only  on  destroying  the  Union  of  the  States,  the  South  has 
forgotten  that  she  was  striving  to  overturn  a  strong  and 
respectable  government  of  which  she  formed  an  integral  part, 
and  reducing  herself  to  the  level  of  a  fifth-rate  government, 
dependent  for  existence  on  the  exigencies  of  the  cotton  mar- 
ket, and  the  toleration  of  the  great  powers  of  Europe. 


THE    DUTY    OF    CRUSHING    THE    REBELLION.        529 

Will  you,  can  you,  fellow-citizens,  submit  to  these  enor- 
mous mischiefs  ?  Will  you,  to  escape  the  burden  of  the  hour, 
entail  upon  yourselves  and  your  children  the  calamities  of 
eternal  border  strife  ?  Will  you  deliver  up  your  Union 
brethren  in  the  border  States  and  through  the  South  to  exile, 
imprisonment,  the  scourge,  and  the  halter  ?  Will  you  take 
upon  yourself  the  doom  of  "  the  house  divided  against  itself," 
with  the  too  probable  result,  if  this  disastrous  experiment 
succeeds,  of  being  broken  up  into  still  more  numerous  and 
still  smaller  warring  fragments  ?  You  cannot  be  so  faith- 
less to  the  duty  which  Providence  has  assigned  you.  The 
"  palladium  of  your  political  salvation,"  as  it  was  called  by  your 
sainted  Washington,  has  descended  from  our  fathers  to  us ; 
it  must,  it  shall,  go  down  from  us  to  our  children.  We  have 
nothing  to  gain,  nothing  to  hope,  from  the  betrayal  of  the 
trust,  not  even  present  peace ;  for  it  is  as  true  of  nations  as  of 
individuals,  that  nothing  so  surely  invites  to  further  aggres- 
sion as  to  yield  to  unjust  demands. 


vol.  iv.  34 


THE  DEMAND   FOR  REINFORCEMENTS* 


I  rejoice,  fellow-citizens,  to  behold  this  mighty  throng. 
It  shows  that  the  spirit  of  our  fathers  is  again  abroad  in  the 
land,  and  that  you  are  resolved  that  the  Union,  which  they 
established,  shall  not  be  rent  asunder;  that  the  mildest  and 
most  beneficent  government  on  earth  shall  not  be  sacrificed 
to  the  ambition  of  a  few  disappointed  aspirants  to  office. 
We  have  now  reached,  not  only  the  most  important  week  in 
the  history  of  the  war  up  to  the  present  time,  but  the  week 
which  will  most  powerfully  influence  the  future.  The  fate 
of  this  year's  campaign  depends  upon  the  manner  in  which 
the  call  of  the  President  is  responded  to  by  the  people,  and 
this  campaign  will  go  far  to  settle  the  question,  whether  we 
are  to  have  a  short  or  a  long  war. 

It  is  a  moment,  fellow-citizens,  of  vast  importance,  preg- 
nant with  consequences,  not  merely  for  us,  but  for  our  latest 
posterity.  Everything  is  at  stake,  for  which  your  fathers  and 
your  forefathers  counselled  and  toiled  and  bled,  from  the  day 
that  the  Pilgrims  crossed  the  ocean,  through  the  long  years 
of  Colonial  trial,  the  sharp  struggle  of  the  Revolution,  the 
languor  of  the  old  Confederation,  down  to  that  happy  con- 
summation, the  adoption  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States.  All,  all  is  now  at  stake.  Shall  this  noblest  fabric 
of  human  wisdom  be  allowed  to  crumble  into  miserable  frag- 
ments, or  shall  it  be  sustained  through  this  dark  hour  of  trial  ? 
Shall  it  sink  into  early  and  ignominious  decay,  or  shall  it  stand 
in  its  majesty  and  beauty  for  ages,  so  that  our  children  and 

*  Remarks  at  the  Mass  Meeting  on  Boston  Common  under  the  auspices 
of  the  Recruiting  Committee  of  One  Hundred  and  Fifty,  27th  August, 
1862. 


THE    DEMAND    FOE    EEINFOECEMENTS.  531 

our  children's  children  shall  be  enabled  to  say,  "  The  rain  de- 
scended and  the  floods  came  and  the  winds  blew  and  beat 
upon  that  house,  and  it  fell  not,  for  it  was  founded  upon  a 
rock"? 

There  are  three  courses,  —  three  only,  —  with  respect  to  the 
war,  which  can  by  possibility  be  pursued  by  the  government 
and  loyal  people  of  the  Union ;  and,  as  far  as  depends  upon 
us,  we  are  called  to  choose  this  week  between  them. 

We  may,  first,  admit  that  we  are  unable  to  carry  on  the 
war,  retire  baffled  and  discomfited  from  the  attempt,  and  sue 
for  peace.  Are  you  ready  for  that?  Or,  second,  we  may 
furnish  the  government  with  tardy  and  inadequate  supplies, 
just  enough  to  enable  it,  upon  the  whole,  to  hold  our  own ; 
to  gain  a  victory  here,  to  suffer  a  repulse  there ;  to  capture 
strong  fortresses  and  populous  cities  one  day,  only  to  have 
railroad  passenger  cars  fired  into,  and  invalid  officers  shot  in 
their  ambulances  by  murderous  guerillas  the  next  day,  and  so 
let  the  contest  drag  on  for  twenty  or  thirty  years,  like  the 
wars  of  the  French  Revolution,  the  wars  of  the  Common- 
wealth in  England,  or  the  Thirty  Years'  War  in  Germany; 
or,  third,  we  may  give  the  government,  at  whatever  cost,  the 
means  which  it  requires  to  bring  the  contest  to  a  prompt  and 
triumphant  close.  Is  not  this  last  the  dictate  of  humanity ; 
is  not  this,  my  fellow-citizens,  your  wish  and  firm  resolve  ? 

Now  I  say,  it  depends  upon  the  manner  in  which  the  Presi- 
dent's call  for  reinforcements  is  responded  to  which  of  these 
three  modes  of  dealing  with  the  war  shall  prevail. 

Let  us  look  at  them  for  a  moment.  There  can,  I  need 
scarce  say,  be  no  hesitation  between  a  long  and  a  short  war ; 
but  ought  we  not  to  prefer  the  first-named  course  to  either  ? 
Ought  we  not  to  yield  the  demands  of  secession,  and  sue  for 
peace  ?  In  order  to  answer  that  question,  we  must  ask  anoth- 
er: What  are  those  demands?  what  are  the  conditions  of 
such  a  peace  ?  what  do  the  leaders  of  secession  claim  of 
us  ?  Let  me  point  out  to  you  for  a  moment,  fellow-citizens, 
their  stupendous  audacity. 

Eighteen  months  ago  the  government  of  the  United  States 
extended  its  undisputed  constitutional  rule  from  the  north- 


532  THE    DEMAND    FOR    REINFORCEMENTS. 

eastern  corner  of  Maine  to  the  mouth  of  the  Rio  Grande, 
and  from  the  Atlantic  to  the  Pacific  Ocean,  —  one  might  al- 
most say  from  "  sea  to  sea,  and  from  the  river  to  the  ends  of  the 
earth,"  —  an  area  of  twenty-one  degrees  of  latitude  and  sixty 
of  longitude.  Throughout  this  mighty  domain  there  was 
not  a  citizen  but  was  bound  by  his  allegiance,  and  if  he  was 
an  officer,  military  or  naval,  or  a  magistrate  of  the  Union  or 
the  State,  by  his  oath,  to  obey  the  Constitution  and  laws  of 
the  United  States,  "  anything  in  the  constitution  and  laws  of 
any  State  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding."  Over  all  this 
vast  territory  the  constitutional  government  of  the  United 
States  bore  lawful  sway,  just  as  fully  as  the  constitutional 
government  of  England  bears  lawful  sway  throughout  the 
United  Kingdom  of  Great  Britain  and  Ireland.  On  the  6th 
of  November,  1860,  a  constitutional  majority  of  the  people 
thought  fit  to  pass  by  John  C.  Breckinridge,  who  was  offered 
to  them  as  a  candidate  of  the  Southern  wing  of  the  Democ- 
racy, and  to  elect  Abraham  Lincoln  as  the  President  of  the 
United  States.  For  this  high  crime  and  misdemeanor  on  our 
part  eleven  Southern  States  (although  by  entering  into  the 
election  they  were  bound  in  honor  to  abide  its  result)  have 
thought  proper  to  declare  themselves  an  independent,  foreign, 
and  belligerent  power,  and  have  ordered  and  are  now  ordering, 
at  the  mouth  of  the  cannon,  the  loyal  people  of  the  United 
States  to  give  up  to  this  foreign  power  half  our  territory, 
half  our  sea-coast,  and  the  fortresses  that  defend  it  and 
protect  its  navigation,  the  entrance  to  our  inland  seas,  and 
the  mouth  and  a  thousand  miles  of  the  lower  course  of  the 
mighty  rivers  which  penetrate  to  the  heart  of  that  portion  of 
the  country  which  we  are  graciously  permitted,  during  good 
behavior  of  course,  to  retain.  Though  we  have  been  on  the 
point  of  war  with  England  more  than  once  within  twenty- 
five  years,  and  that  under  a  Southern  lead,  for  some  wretched 
fragments  of  unsettled  territory  on  the  outskirts  of  the  Union, 
we  are  now  summoned  to  give  up  to  a  foreign  and  hostile 
power  a  domain  half  as  large  as  Europe,  because  Mr.  John 
C.  Breckinridge  was  not  elected  President  of  the  United 
States,  and  in  order  that  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis  may  enjoy  the 


THE    DEMAND    FOE    REINFORCEMENTS.  533 

blood-stained  and  guilty  honor  of  presiding  over  the  Southern 
Confederacy. 

But  again,  see  what  a  wreck  secession  calls  upon  us  to 
make  of  this  noble  fabric  of  confederate  republicanism.  Our 
fathers,  in  1789,  framed  a  Constitution  of  Government  for  the 
purpose,  among  other  high  aims  of  civil  polity,  of  establish- 
ing "  a  more  perfect  Union."  The  wisest  and  best  of  men 
co-operated  in  the  undertaking;  Heaven  smiled  on  the  work. 
The  people  of  thirteen  States  then  existing  ratified,  adopted, 
and  declared  it  the  law  of  the  land.  The  country,  desolated 
by  the  war  of  the  Revolution,  sprang  into  new  life  beneath 
its  genial  influence,  as  the  frozen  clods  are  clothed  with  ver- 
dure beneath  the  gentle  showers  of  April.  Twenty-one  States 
have  since  grown  up  within  our  territorial  limits,  and  have 
thought  it  a  blessing  and  an  honor  to  be  joined  to  the  great 
family  of  republics.  For  seventy-two  years  since  it  went 
into  operation,  the  country  has  enjoyed  under  this  Constitu- 
tion an  amount  of  prosperity  without  a  parallel  in  the  history 
of  the  world.  Cities  have  sprung  up  like  an  exhalation  from 
the  soil ;  the  savage  wilderness  has  been  turned  into  a  wheat- 
field  as  by  a  miracle ;  an  immigration,  counted  not  by  hun- 
dreds or  thousands,  but  by  millions,  of  which  there  is  no  other 
example  in  the  annals  of  mankind,  bears  witness  to  the  good 
report  which  has  gone  forth  of  us  to  the  nations.  In  these 
seventy-two  years  not  a  drop  of  blood  has  been  shed  for  a 
political  offenee ;  and,  making  fair  allowance  for  the  human 
frailties  of  men  and  of  nations,  and  especially  remembering 
that  the  one  great  "  spot  upon  the  vestal  robe  "  of  the  Union, 
"  the  worse  for  what  it  soils,"  was  placed  and  kept  there  un- 
der the  old  Colonial  rule,  our  country  has  really  been  what, 
thanks  to  secession  it  is  now  derisively  termed,  "  the  Model  Re- 
public," —  the  noblest  attempt  ever  made  by  man  to  combine 
the  equal  home-bred  blessings  of  a  small  state  with  the  strength 
and  influence  of  a  great  empire.  Shall  we  allow  secession  to 
make  a  deplorable  wreck  of  this  noble  framework  of  govern- 
ment ?  Will  we  permit  the  Union  of  the  States  to  be  sacri- 
ficed, —  that  Constitution  which  was  framed  by  some  of  the 
wisest  and  best  men  that  ever  lived  to  be  trampled  under 


534  THE    DEMAND    FOR    REINFORCEMENTS. 

foot,  in  order  to  gratify  the  aspirations  to  office  of  eight  or 
ten  disappointed  Southern  politicians  ? 

But  again.  Secession  bids  us  not  only  cede  to  her  half  the 
territory  of  the  United  States,  and  abrogates  at  one  blow  the 
Constitution  of  Government  that  held  them  together,  but,  in 
place  of  this  powerful  and  prosperous  Union,  now  strong 
enough  for  every  legitimate  object  of  domestic  or  foreign 
polity,  it  substitutes  at  once  and  of  necessity  two  indepen- 
dent and  hostile  confederacies,  separated  by  no  natural  boun- 
dary, sure  to  be  involved  in  eternal  border  wars,  besides  car- 
rying in  their  bosoms  the  fatal  germ  of  still  further  and  still 
more  ruinous  disintegration.  All  history,  all  analogy,  teaches 
us  that  if  we  could  patch  up  a  peace  to-morrow  with  the 
rebel  States,  it  would  be  but  a  temporary  truce,  lasting  just 
so  long,  and  no  longer,  as  might  be  necessary  for  them  to  find 
a  pretext  for  a  new  war  of  aggression  and  outrage.  Their 
leaders  tell  you  that  they  hate,  despise,  and  loathe  you ;  and 
they  have  shown  you  what  paltry  and  imaginary  grievances 
they  consider  a  sufficient  cause  of  war.  How  is  it  possible 
that  you  can  ever  live  in  peace  with  them,  if  this  first  trial 
of  strength  which  has  been  forced  upon  us  is  decided  in 
their  favor  ?  If  they  violate  the  obligations  of  the  Constitu- 
tion and  the  sanctity  of  oaths,  what  respect  are  they  going  to 
pay  to  the  faith  of  treaties  ?  If  they  fly  to  arms  because  an 
election,, in  which  they  took  equal  part,  has  been  decided 
against  them,  how  can  we  hope  to  conduct  with  them,  on 
amicable  terms,  the  great  and  often  perplexed  relations  of 
independent  States? 

But  secession  not  only  makes  this  wholesale  havoc  of  the 
Constitution  and  the  Union,  it  repeals  the  Declaration  of  In- 
dependence. I  need  not  say  that  all  the  States  of  this  Union 
were,  four  fifths  of  a  century  ago,  colonial  dependencies  of 
the  great  powers  of  Europe.  It  is  not  yet  eighty  years  since 
England  acknowledged  the  Independence  of  the  old  Thir- 
teen States.  It  is  less  than  sixty  years  since  France  ceded 
to  us  Louisiana  and  all  the  mighty  region  between  the  Mis- 
sissippi and  the  Pacific.  It  is  forty  years  only  since  Spain 
ceded  to  us  the  Floridas ;  and  fourteen  years  only  since  Mex- 


THE    DEMAND    FOR    REINFORCEMENTS.  535 

ico  —  at  this  moment  involved  in  war  with  the  great  powers 
of  Europe  and  in  imminent  danger  of  losing  her  indepen- 
dence in  deed  if  not  in  word  —  acknowledged  our  claim  to 
Texas.  If  we  recognize  secession,  we  admit  the  right,  not 
only  of  the  entire  Southern  Confederacy,  so  called,  but  of 
each  and  every  member  of  it,  to  resume  at  pleasure  its  alle- 
giance to  the  ancient  government,  and  thus  plant  a  Europe- 
an colonial  jurisdiction  all  along  our  southern  frontier.  So 
completely  has  the  frenzy  of  the  hour  extinguished  every 
spark  of  patriotism  in  the  bosom  of  their  leaders,  that  some 
of  them  have  declared  their  preference  of  a  foreign  sceptre 
over  the  gentle  and  beneficent  sway  of  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States.  But  whether  they  desire  it  or  not,  whether 
this  madness  extends  to  the  many,  or,  as  we  may  charitably 
hope,  is  confined  to  the  few,  the  recolonization  of  the  States 
of  the  South  by  their  former  European  masters  is  an  event, 
if  secession  should  prosper,  highly  probable,  in  fact  all  but 
certain,  in  reference  to  some  of  them,  and  in  reference  to 
none  of  them  greatly  otherwise.  Break  up  the  Union,  let 
the  two  great  sections  of  the  country  hamstring  each  other 
with  the  two-edged  sword  of  border  war,  and  what  sufficient 
protection  would  Texas  and  Florida  have  against  Spain,  or 
Louisiana  against  France,  or  any  of  them  against  England? 
There  is  not  one  of  them,  if  left  to  themselves  and  involved 
in  war  with  a  foreign  power,  whose  independence  would  be 
worth  a  year's  purchase.  Nothing  has  so  much  amazed  me,( 
in  all  these  disastrous  complications,  as  the  fact  that  men  of 
capacity  and  political  experience  at  the  South,  and  who  aspire 
to  the  name  of  patriots  and  statesmen,  should  not  perceive 
that  in  abdicating  their  position  as  integral  members  of  a 
strong  government,  and  especially  one  that  wields  a  respecta- 
ble naval  force,  they  place  themselves,  not  only  at  the  mercy 
of  the  great  maritime  powers  of  Europe,  but  at  the  mercy 
of  any  government  able  to  send  half  a  dozen  iron-clad  steam- 
ers to  sea.  Break  down  the  Union  as  a  great  military  and 
naval  power,  and  what  protection  is  left  for  their  alluvial 
shores  ?  Are  not  the  arms  which  are  long  enough  to  reach 
from  London,  Paris,  and  Madrid  to  Calcutta  and  the  Phil- 


536  THE    DEMAND    FOE    REINFORCEMENTS. 

ippine  Islands,  and  Tahiti,  and  New  Zealand,  long  enough  to 
stretch  to  Charleston,  and  Pensacola,  and  Galveston,  and 
New  Orleans  ? 

But  we  have  not  yet  got  to  the  bottom  of  the  cup  of  hu- 
miliation which  secession  places  to  our  lips.  Most  great 
commercial  and  naval  states  think  that,  in  addition  to  the 
fortresses  which  guard  their  home  ports,  it  is  necessary  to 
possess  some  distant  harbors  of  refuge,  and  certain  remoter 
stations,  that  protect  the  pathway  of  their  foreign  trade. 
England  would  as  soon  allow  Plymouth  or  Portsmouth  to  be 
wrested  from  her  by  a  foreign  power,  as  she  would  Gibraltar, 
or  Malta,  or  Aden,  or  Singapore,  or  Hong-Kong,  or  Vancou- 
ver's Island.  Now  the  seceding  States  not  only  claim  the 
right  to  withdraw  from  the  Union,  which  they  have  no  more 
right  to  do  than  Scotland  or  Ireland  has  to  withdraw  from 
the  Union  with  England,  but  they  claim  the  right  to  carry 
with  them  the  whole  line  of  fortresses  which  guard  our 
Southern  coast,  the  Florida  Channel,  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  and 
the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi,  —  fortresses  required  for  the 
safety  of  our  commerce,  built  on  lands  purchased  and  paid 
for  by  the  General  Government,  and  on  islands  and  sites,  of 
which  the  jurisdiction  has  been  ceded  to  the  United  States. 

Nay,  they  claim  the  right  to  open  and  shut  at  pleasure  the 
outlet  of  the  Ohio,  the  Mississippi,  and  the  Missouri,  —  the 
most  magnificent  system  of  internal  navigation  on  the  face 
of  the  globe.  Acknowledge  secession,  and  not  a  drove  of 
mules  could  be  sent  down  from  Kentucky,  nor  a  hogshead  of 
tobacco  from  St.  Louis,  nor  a  bale  of  furs  from  the  Upper 
Missouri,  nor  a  barrel  of  pork  from  Cincinnati,  nor  a  keg  of 
nails  from  Pittsburg,  nor  a  pig  of  lead  from  Galena  or 
Dubuque,  nor  a  sack  of  wheat  from  Davenport,  but  by  the 
gracious  leave  of  this  alien  power. 

Finally,  fellow-citizens,  there  is  a  drop  of  still  greater  bit- 
terness in  the  chalice.  The  triumph  of  secession  involves 
consequences  more  painful  than  any  sacrifice  of  our  own 
material  or  political  interests.  Not  only  are  a  majority  of 
the  inhabitants  of  the  border  Slave  States  firmly  attached  to 
the  Union,  but  the  mountain  ridge  that  traverses  the  South, 


THE    DEMAND    FOR    REINFORCEMENTS.  537 

from  Maryland  almost  to  the  Gulf,  is  inhabited  by  an  indus- 
trious and  frugal  population  who  support  themselves  mainly 
by  the  free  labor  of  their  own  hands.  West  Virginia  and 
East  Tennessee,  "Western  North  Carolina  and  Northern  Ala- 
bama have  little  interest  in  slavery,  and  no  sympathy  with 
the  war  which  it  has  forced  upon  the  country.  Their  citizens 
consequently  have  been  and  are  cruelly  persecuted  by  the 
military  despotism  which  now  rules  the  South  with  a  rod  of 
iron.  Mr.  Davis,  in  his  late  message,  affects  to  reproach  the 
government  of  the  United  States  and  its  generals  in  com- 
mand with  making  war  upon  peaceful  private  individuals. 
It  is  the  familiar  artifice  of  wrong-doers  to  charge  upon  others 
the  crimes  of  which  they  are  themselves  guilty.  Quis  tulerit 
Gracchos  de  seditione  querentes  ?  For  years  past,  and  in 
profound  peace,  a  man  or  woman  who  should  have  ex- 
pressed at  the  South  opinions  adverse  to  slavery  would  have 
done  it  at  the  risk  of  life.  A  Senator  from  one  of  the  South- 
ern States  made  it  a  matter  of  boast  that  Abolitionists  coming 
among  them  (meaning  thereby  every  Northern  man  not  friendly 
to  slavery)  hung  like  ripe  fruit  on  the  trees.  Before  Virginia 
had  seceded,  and  while  her  ordinance  of  secession  was  pending 
before  the  people,  Mr.  Senator  Mason  published  a  letter  on 
the  16th  of  May,  1861,  with  his  name,  in  answer  to  the  in- 
quiries addressed  to  him  as  to  the  position  of  those  citizens 
whose  principles  would  not  allow  them  to  vote  to  separate 
Virginia  from  the  United  States.  "  If  they  retain  such  opin- 
ions," says  the  merciful  Senator,  "  they  must  leave  the  State!" 
Yes,  dare  to  defy  the  oligarchy  at  Richmond  and  vote  against 
separating  from  the  Union,  bequeathed  to  you  by  your  Wash- 
ington as  your  dearest  inheritance,  and  we  banish  you  from 
the  State.  This  wholesale  sentence  of  exile  was  pronounced 
before  the  iniquity  of  secession  was  consummated,  and 
against  the  inhabitants  of  a  third  part  of  the  territory  of  the 
State,  men  guilty  of  no  crime  but  that  of  entertaining  certain 
"  opinions."  Nor  is  this  all ;  army  after  army  was  sent  into 
Western  Virginia  last  year  to  execute  the  decree  of  proscrip- 
tion ;  her  villages  were  burned,  her  fields  wasted,  and  some 
of  her  prominent  citizens  dragged  to  Richmond  and  immured 


538  THE    DEMAND    FOE    EEINFOECEMENTS. 

in  a  felons'  jail.  The  same  state  of  things  exists  in  East 
Tennessee.  Wherever  throughout  the  South  a  Union  man 
ventures  to  avow  himself,  the  common  jail,  the  scourge,  some- 
times the  halter,  is  his  fate.  I  know  the  press  at  the  South 
affects  to  deny  the  truth  of  Parson  Brownlow's  statements. 
I  own. I  could  not  myself  at  first  believe  that  such  atrocities 
could  have  been  practised  by  men  professing  to  be  Christians, 
nay,  by  persons  in  the  highest  civil  and  military  stations.  But 
I  am  well  persuaded,  from  numerous  other  and  independent 
sources  of  information,  that  his  accounts  are  true.  Mr.  Ben- 
jamin, the  Confederate  Secretary  of  State,  by  a  letter  of  the 
25th  of  last  November,  addressed  to  the  officer  in  command 
at  Knoxville,  directs  that  all  "  prisoners  of  war  taken  among 
the  traitors  of  East  Tennessee  "  (so  he  designates  the  great 
mass  of  the  loyal  people  of  that  region),  "who  can  be  iden- 
tified as  having  been  engaged  in  bridge-burning,  are  to  be 
tried  summarily  by  drum-head  court-martial,  and,  if  found 
guilty,  executed  on  the  spot  by  hanging.  It  would  be  well 
to  leave  their  bodies  hanging  in  the  vicinity  of  the  burned 
bridges !  "  This  most  humane  Secretary  seems  to  have  for- 
gotten, that  one  of  the  first  acts  of  his  seceding  friends  in 
Baltimore  was  to  burn  the  bridges  on  the  Philadelphia  and 
Baltimore  Railroad,  to  prevent  the  troops  of  the  United  States 
from  marching  to  the  defence  of  Washington.  It  is  needless 
to  say  that  this  cruel  order  was  as  cruelly  executed ;  while 
throughout  the  South  thousands  of  Union  men  have  been 
driven  into  exile,  and  other  thousands  are  forced  into  the  rebel 
army,  or  are  languishing  in  prison,  or  fleeing  before  their 
pursuers  to  the  caves  in  the  mountains.  If  we  now  shrink 
discomfited  from  the  contest,  we  surrender  these  our  loyal 
friends  and  brethren  to  exile,  confiscation,  and  death. 

No,  fellow-citizens,  there  remains  no  alternative  but  a  short 
and  vigorous,  or  a  protracted  and  languishing  prosecution  of 
the  war.  Shall  it  be  the  first  or  shall  it  be  the  last?  Will 
you  let  it  go  down,  a  legacy  of  sacrifice  and  sorrow  to  your 
children,  or  will  you  not  rather  finish  it  this  very  year  ?  You 
can  if  you  will;  you  have  the  means  and  the  men,  if  you  but 
choose  to  employ  them.     I  rejoice  to  behold  in  this  great  out- 


THE    DEMAND    FOR    REINFORCEMENTS.  589 

pouring  of  the  people  —  the  old  and  the  young,  the  rich  and 
the  poor,  the  bone  and  the  sinew,  the  mind  and  the  heart,  of 
the  community  —  the  assurance  that  you  are  determined  that, 
as  far  as  depends  on  you,  the  work  shall  be  quickly  done ; 
and  in  lieu  of  any  words  of  exhortation  on  my  part,  which  I 
know  you  do  not  need,  let  me  give  you  a  reminiscence  from 
the  time  that  tried  men's  souls. 

Boston,  as  you  well  know,  was,  in  the  year  1775  and  a 
part  of  1776,  occupied  by  British  troops,  and  besieged  by  the 
American  army  under  Washington.  The  great  question  was, 
how  the  enemy  could  be  best  assailed,  and  among  the  meas- 
ures proposed  was  the  bombardment  of  the  town,  then  al- 
most wholly  built  of  wood.  The  richest  man  in  Boston, 
John  Hancock,  was  then  President  of  the  Continental  Con- 
gress, and  as  such  transmitted  the  orders  of  that  body  to 
Washington.  "  You  will  notice  the  resolution,"  said  he  in 
his  letter,  "relative  to  an  attack  on  Boston.  This  passed 
after  a  most  serious  debate  in  a  committee  of  the  whole 
house,  and  the  execution  was  referred  to  you.  May  God 
crown  your  attempt  with  success!  I  most  heartily  wish  it, 
though  individually  I  may  be  the  greatest  sufferer."  The 
fact  is,  all  his  property  consisted  of  real  estate  in  Boston ;  the 
destruction  of  the  town  would  have  made  him  a  beggar. 
Fellow-citizens,  he  was  the  occupant  of  yonder  house.  Were 
he  living,  he  might  from  his  windows  witness  all  this  glorious 
sight ;  his  eyes  would  swim  with  tears  of  gratitude  to  Heav- 
en, as  he  beheld  yonder  banner  of  the  Union  floating  in  the 
breeze  ;  his  ears  would  drink  with  rapture  the  patriotic  strains 
that  have  cheered  us  this  afternoon.  May  the  proceedings 
of  this  day  and  this  hour  be  such,  that  his  pure  spirit,  and 
that  of  all  his  sainted  associates,  the  Adamses,  and  Franklin, 
and  peerless  Washington  himself,  may  look  down  upon  us 
with  approbation ! 


THE  IRISH   REGIMENT.* 


This  is  not  the  first  time  that  Faneuil  Hall  has  been  opened 
to-day.  Many  of  your  fellow-citizens  came  here  this  morn- 
ing, to  pay  the  last  tribute  of  respect  to  a  brave  and  patriotic 
citizen,!  who  had  died  as  we  all  might  be  proud  to  die,  on 
the  battle-field  in  the  cause  of  his  country.  You  saw  him  as 
he  lay  here,  in  solemn  and  beautiful  state,  at  the  feet,  as  it 
were,  of  the  revered  parent,  who  had  taught  him,  as  he  taught 
us  all,  the  sacred  obligation  of  the  Constitution  and  the  price- 
less value  of  the  Union.  To-morrow  he  will  be  borne  to  his 
last  rest  at  Marshfield,  by  the  side  of  that  illustrious  father. 
His  prayer  was  granted,  that  when  his  eyes  should  be  turned 
for  the  last  time  to  behold  the  sun  in  the  heavens,  they  should 
not  see  it  shining  on  a  land  drenched  in  fraternal  blood. 
Could  he  have  foreseen  that  the  dread  catastrophe  would 
have  come  so  soon  upon  us,  he  would  have  uttered  another 
prayer  which  would  also  have  been  fulfilled,  that  the  blood 
derived  from  him  might  be,  as  it  has,  O  how  gallantly!  been 
poured  out,  in  the  holy  cause.  We  have  no  tears,  fellow- 
citizens,  to  shed  over  such  a  death.  It  is  not  for  that  purpose 
you  have  entered  this  hall  for  the  second  time  to-day. 

The  occasion  and  object  of  this  noble  gathering  have 
been  sufficiently  explained  from  the  chair.  It  is  to  take  meas- 
ures to  fill  up  the  first  Irish  regiment  of  nine  months'  volun- 
teers, and  it  is  called  under  the  worthy  auspices  of  the  Irish 
societies  of  Boston  and  its  vicinity.  The  public-spirited  and 
patriotic  fraternities  which  so  lately  conducted  the  gallant  and 

*  Remarks  at  the  Mass  Meeting  in  aid  of  the  Irish  regiment,  in  Faneuil 
Hall,  9th  September,  1862. 
f  Colonel  Fletcher  Webster. 


THE    IRISH    REGIMENT.  54] 

devoted  Corcoran  in  triumph  through  our  streets  —  an  ova- 
tion worthy  of  his  services  and  his  sufferings  in  the  cause  of 
the  Union  —  have  now  invited  us,  their  fellow-citizens,  native 
and  adopted,  to  come  together  in  aid  of  the  first  regiment  of 
Irish  nine  months'  volunteers,  in  the  old  Cradle  of  Liberty. 
Never  were  its  doors  thrown  open  for  a  worthier  purpose. 
Founded,  as  it  is,  upon  constitutional  freedom  as  its  corner- 
stone, the  pillars  which  support  it  wreathed  to  their  capitals 
with  sure  guaranties  of  political  and  religious  equality,  the 
mottoes  which  speak  from  its  walls  breathing  patriotism 
and  loyalty  in  every  word  and  every  syllable,  to  what  class 
of  our  community  should  it  be  thrown  open  more  widely 
than  to  our  adopted  fellow-citizens,  who  left  a  native  land 
which  denied  them  the  full  enjoyment  of  these  blessings? 
What  louder  summons,  my  friends,  could  be  addressed  to 
you,  than  that  of  your  adopted  country  in  her  hour  of  trial, 
calling  upon  you  to  aid  her  in  maintaining  that  vital  and 
powerful  nationality,  which  has  alone  enabled  her  to  afford 
you  protection  and  shelter,  and  which  has  welcomed  you  to 
a  full  participation  of  her  great  heritage  of  civil  and  religious 
freedom. 

I  rejoice,  fellow-citizens,  that  you  have  obeyed  this  call;  I 
return  my  thanks  to  the  Irish  societies  of  Boston  and  the 
neighborhood  for  calling  us  together  for  this  purpose.  It  is 
not  the  first  time  that  we  are  indebted  to  men  of  leading 
influence  among  you  for  aid  and  encouragement  in  this 
tremendous  struggle.  Of  all  the  patriotic  and  loyal  voices 
which  have  rung  through  the  land,  none  have  gone  straighter 
to  the  hearts  of  the  people  than  those  of  your  gallant  Mea- 
gher, of  your  devoted  and  self-sacrificing  Corcoran,  who  are 
also  rendering  such  efficient  service  in  the  field,  and  of  that 
most  distinguished  prelate,  Archbishop  Hughes,  who  to  a  sta- 
tion of  commanding  influence  in  the  Church,  and  to  intel- 
lectual ability  of  the  highest  order,  unites  a  patriotism  and  a 
loyalty  to  the  country  of  his  adoption  which  deserve  our 
profoundest  gratitude.  The  words  uttered  by  him  in  Dublin 
and  since  his  return  are  worth  an  army  with  banners  to  the 
cause  of  the  Union. 


542  THE    IEISH    REGIMENT. 

In  fact,  fellow-citizens,  there  is  no  one  element  of  strength 
(do  not  think  I  say  it  to  flatter  you)  which  is  more  important 
to  the  country  than  the  cordial  support  of  her  adopted  cit- 
izens of  the  various  foreign  nationalities.  The  Irish  alone 
are  probably  equal  in  number  to  the  entire  population  of  the 
United  States  during  the  Revolutionary  War.  I  presume 
there  are  of  Irish  birth  and  parentage  at  least  three  millions 
in  the  United  States.  They  naturally  cling  together  as  breth- 
ren of  a  common  race,  many  of  them  united  by  a  still  strong- 
er sympathy  in  common  disabilities  and  sufferings  in  the  Old 
World.  Here  they  form,  so  to  say,  a  nation  within  a  nation; 
a  friendly  people  embraced  within  our  limits ;  our  neighbors 
and  associates  in  the  various  walks  of  industrious  life.  We 
rejoice  to  believe,  from  various  indications,  that  we  have  the 
sympathy  of  the  people  of  Ireland;  I  mean  the  inhabitants 
of  your  native  land ;  but  from  the  nature  of  the  case  they 
cannot  help  us  with  anything  but  kind  words  and  good  wish- 
es. But  the  cordial  sympathy  of  three  millions  of  true  and 
loyal  hearts  here  at  home,  in  town  and  country,  East  and  West ; 
the  co-operation  of  a  fair  proportion  of  five  hundred  thousand 
pairs  of  strong  brave  arms  on  the  battle-field,  —  it  is  enough  of 
itself  to  turn  the  balance  of  the  momentous  struggle  in  our 
favor.     Who  can  overrate  the  value  of  such  an  ally  ? 

Nor  do  I  wonder,  my  fellow-citizens  of  foreign  birth  and 
parentage,  that  you  are  willing  to  join  us  in  putting  down 
this  causeless,  unnatural  rebellion.  You  have  cast  in  your  lot 
with  us ;  you  have  yourselves  made  the  country  you  are 
now  called  upon  to  defend  your  own.  Your  native  land  or 
that  of  your  fathers  has,  during  seven  centuries,  for  the  great- 
er part  of  the  time,  suffered  under  an  oppressive  government. 
It  is  but  within  the  last  generation  that  England  has  begun 
to  do  you  justice.  I  listened,  in  the  House  of  Commons  in 
1844,  to  that  memorable  debate  of  nine  days'  duration,  in 
which  Mr.  O'Connell,  his  cause  still  pending  in  appeal  be- 
fore the  House  of  Lords,  pleaded  for  justice  to  his  country 
with  a  force  of  argument  and  depth  of  feeling  which  went  to 
the  heart  of  the  assembly.  In  that  debate  Lord  John  Russell 
"offered  a  high  tribute  of  praise  to  Mr.  O'Connell,"  to  whose 


THE    IRISH    REGIMENT.  543 

exertions  and  that  of  his  friends  it  was  owing  that  there  had 
been  no  bloodshed  at  the  suppression  of  "  the  monster  meet- 
ings "  ;  and  Lord  Macaulay  said  that  it  was  a  matter  which, 
of  itself,  deserved  investigation  by  a  committee  of  Parliament, 
"  that  a  great  country,  with  so  many  natural  advantages  as  Ire- 
land, and  with  a  population  amounting  to  more  than  one  fourth 
of  the  whole  people  of  the  Empire,  should  at  this  day  be  gov- 
erned, not  by  love,  but  by  force. "  It  is  this  government,  not 
of  love  but  of  force,  which  has  compelled  you  —  you,  or  your 
fathers  —  to  make  the  greatest  sacrifice  which  a  good  man 
and  a  good  citizen  can  make,  —  to  leave,  as  our  fathers  did, 
the  spot  where  they  were  born,  —  the  homes  of  your  chil- 
dren, the  green  fields  of  "  old  Ireland,"  the  pleasant  shores 
and  banks  of  Killarney  and  Avoca,  the  sacred  hill  of  Tara, 
the  kindred  and  friends  who  are  unable  to  accompany  you, 
the  churchyard  where  the  ashes  of  your  forefathers  rest, 
and  encounter  the  hardships  incident  to  the  voyage  across  the 
world-dividing  ocean,  and  the  arrival  on  the  foreign  shore. 
But  you  have  encountered  these  hardships,  my  friends,  —  you, 
or  your  fathers  ;  you  have  built  yourselves  these  new  homes 
in  the  West.  Many  of  you  have  found  prosperity  and  wealth, 
and  all  of  you  have  found  a  place  in  the  community,  em- 
ployment and  bread,  —  equal  laws  and  equal  rights;  and  you 
have  now  determined  that  the  government  whose  beneficent 
Constitution  secures  this  rich  heritage  of  blessings  for  your- 
self and  your  children  shall  not  be  struck  down  to  gratify  the 
ambition  of  disappointed  politicians.  You  know,  by  painful 
experience  at  home,  the  priceless  worth  of  equal  civil  and  re- 
ligious privileges ;  and  you  are  resolved  that  the  country  of 
your  adoption,  which  procures  these  blessings  for  you,  shall 
not  be  broken  up  into  miserable  fragments,  or  its  government 
traitorously  overthrown. 

It  has  been  lately  said  — I  am  told  —  by  a  member  of  the 
English  Parliament  tkat  the  people  of  the  North  are  the 
"  scum  of  Europe, "  —  a  compliment,  I  suppose,  intended  for 
our  adopted  fellow-citizens,  though  they  do  not  of  all  nation- 
alities form  a  sixth  part  of  the  population.  Well,  sir,  I  only 
wish  the  candid  and  well-informed  gentleman  who  entertains 


544  THE    IRISH    REGIMENT. 

this  opinion,  and  who  thinks  it  promotive  of  "  peace  on  earth, 
good-will  toward  men  "  to  proclaim  it,  could  have  seen  the 
procession  which  escorted  General  Corcoran  through  our 
streets  a  few  days  ago.  I  have  seen  large  bodies  of  men, 
long  processions  on  gala-days,  in  most  countries  of  Europe, 
and  I  never  saw  one  more  deeply  marked  with  the  unmistak- 
able impress  of  substantial  respectability.  I  am  quite  con- 
fident that  it  would  compare  favorably  with  the  turn-out  at 
Sheffield  on  the  occasion  alluded  to.  It  was  a  well-ordered, 
imposing,  soul-stirring  array.  As  I  saw  it  passing  beneath 
my  windows,  troop  after  troop,  society  after  society,  band 
after  band,  mounted  and  on  foot,  the  charitable  and  patriotic 
fraternities,  with  their  banners  and  regalia,  the  green  flag 
of  Erin  floating  side  by  side  with  the  Stars  and  Stripes,  all 
beaming  in  a  summer's  sun  as  it  blazed  from  a  cloudless 
sky,  I  could  not  help  saying  to  myself,  If  this  is  "  the  scum 
of  Europe,"  Europe  skims  off  and  throws  away  a  population 
which  no  country  can  afford  to  lose,  and  which  America  is 
glad  to  receive  and  cherish. 

The  scum  of  Europe !  Good  heavens,  sir,  who  does  not 
know,  that  in  the  terrible  revolutions  and  disastrous  vicis- 
situdes of  the  last  seventy  years  in  the  Old  World,  nothing 
has  more  alleviated  the  sufferings  caused  by  them,  than  that 
America  offered,  within  her  almost  boundless  domain,  a  ref- 
uge and  a  home  to  the  unfortunate  and  stricken  of  every  con- 
dition and  every  clime !  No  matter  in  what  region  or  in  de- 
fence of  what  cause  he  may  have  suffered;  it  might  have 
been  in  the  great  dynastic  struggles  or  popular  upheavals  on 
the  Continent,  —  it  may  have  been  in  seasons  of  fever  and 
famine,  or  political  convulsions  more  cruel  than  the  elements, 
with  which  your  fair  island  has  from  time  to  time  been  visited, 
—  a  gracious  Providence  had  provided  beyond  the  sea,  in  our 
all  but  illimitable  territories,  beneath  the  gentle  sway  of  our 
equal  laws,  and  from  the  abundance  of  our  overflowing  gran- 
aries, a  safe  retreat  and  a  hospitable  welcome.  It  is  not  the 
scum  of  Europe  ;  they,  alas !  are  destitute  of  the  means  of  es- 
cape from  the  hardships  of  their  lot.  They  fall  unprotected 
victims  to  gaunt  poverty,  famine,  and   typhus,  starving  in 


THE    IRISH    REGIMENT.  545 

sight  of  the  waving  corn-fields  their  own  hands  have  tilled ; 
toiling  in  rags  within  the  walls  of  factories  which  clothe  half 
mankind.  It  is,  for  the  most  part,  the  thousands  and  hun- 
dreds of  thousands  of  those  who  form  the  wealth  and  strength 
of  a  community  that  have  sought  our  shores.  It  is  estimat- 
ed that  in  ten  or  eleven  years  the  population  of  Ireland  fell 
off  a  full  quarter  part.  The  emigration  commencing  with 
the  potato  disease,  and  kept  up  by  that  and  other  causes,  po- 
litical, social,  and  moral,  reached  the  enormous  amount  of 
nearly  two  millions,  of  which  a  considerable  portion  came  to 
the  United  States.  Were  these  two  millions,  who  possessed, 
if  nothing  more,  the  means  of  defraying  the  expenses  of 
emigration,  the  "scum"  of  your  native  island?  No,  my 
friends,  they  were  the  small  farmers  in  the  country,  the  in- 
dustrious mechanics  in  the  cities,  with  a  fair  proportion  of 
men  of  substance  in  trade  and  the  professions,  healthy,  ac- 
tive young  men  and  women,  able  to  meet  the  cost  and  bear 
the  hardships  of  the  removal,  and  well  prepared  to  establish 
a  home  and  to  prosper  in  the  country  of  their  adoption. 
Why,  it  was  officially  ascertained  ten  years  ago,  in  England, 
that  this  scum  of  Europe  was  annually  sending  back  to  Ire- 
land alone  five  millions  of  dollars,  to  enable  father  and  moth- 
er and  brother  and  sister  to  follow  them  to  their  new  homes, 
and  partake  the  blessings  of  a  mild  and  beneficent  govern- 
ment, of  common  privileges  and  equal  laws. 

Such  a  government,  my  friends,  you  feel  that  you  have 
found.  It  has  extended  to  you  its  protection  ;  it  has  sheltered 
you  beneath  its  fostering  wings  ;  and  you  do  not  intend  that 
it  shall  be  overthrown.  You  feel  that  the  sacrifices  and  suf- 
ferings of  our  Revolutionary  fathers,  by  whose  side  your  own 
Montgomery  fought  and  bled,  were  as  much  for  you  as  for 
us ;  and  you  are  now  going  to  join  us  in  paying  back  that 
sacred  debt  to  our  common  country.  Your  brethren  and  your 
fathers  have  followed  the  flag  of  England  wherever  their  alle- 
giance has  called  them  to  the  ends  of  the  earth,  moistening 
with  their  blood  every  battle-field  of  Europe  and  Asia,  from 
the  Spanish  Peninsula  to  the  banks  of  the  Indus  and  the 
walls   of   Pekin;    loyal   to    a  power,  even  in  times    happily 

vol.  iv.  35 


546  THE    IRISH    REGIMENT. 

now  past,  when  they  knew  it  only  in  its  frowns  and  its  ter- 
rors. You  will  not  now  desert  the  government  of  your  free 
choice,  which  has  secured  you  a  happy  home,  which  has 
given  you,  from  the  first,  employment  and  food,  cheap  lands, 
high  wages,  equal  rights,  civil  and  religious ;  the  mildest  and 
most  beneficent  government  beneath  the  circuit  of  the  sun. 
You  will  loyally  support  it ;  you  have  done  so  in  times  past 
in  the  sunshine,  you  will  still  gallantly  defend  it  in  the 
storm.  You  will  join  us,  we  ask  nothing  else,  in  upholding 
its  sacred  banner.  Your  patriotic  legions  will  hasten,  with 
ours,  to  its  defence,  and  haply  on  some  hard-fought  field, 
should  the  doubtful  day  be  about  to  turn  against  us,  the  Irish 
brigade,  as  of  old  at  Fontenoy,  shall  rush  to  the  rescue,  and, 
with  that  terrible  war-cry  of  Faugh  a  ballagh  !  sweep  the 
foes  of  the  Union  before  them,  like  the  chaff  before  the  whirl- 
wind. 


NATHAN    HALE* 


Mr.  President  :  — 

I  hope  I  do  not  transgress  the  bounds  of  delicacy,  in  echo- 
ing the  well-deserved  tribute  which  you  have  paid  to  our 
departed  associate  and  friend  ;  but  if  the  near  relation  in 
which  I  stood  to  him  prevents  my  speaking  with  impar- 
tiality, it  enables  me  to  speak,  at  least,  with  an  intimate 
knowledge  of  his  great  worth.  It  is  with  the  confidence 
founded  on  that  knowledge,  that  I  do  not  scruple  to  pro- 
nounce him,  not  only  one  of  the  best  men  I  ever  knew,  but 
one  of  the  persons  possessed  of  the  greatest  amount  of  valu- 
able knowledge,  endowed  with  the  largest  capacity  for  use- 
fulness, and  yet  covered  with  such  a  thick  veil  of  modesty 
that  there  were  few  individuals  whom  a  casual  observer,  un- 
acquainted with  his  character,  would  have  been  more  likely 
to  pass  unobserved. 

You  have  spoken,  sir,  with  such  discriminating  justice 
of  the  twofold  relation  of  editor  and  engineer,  in  which  he 
stood  to  the  community,  as  to  leave  me  very  little  to  say.  It 
is  hard  to  decide  in  which  character  his  services  were  the  most 
valuable.  He  assumed  the  management  of  the  Boston  Daily 
Advertiser  in  1814,  shortly  after  the  commencement  of  its 
publication.  He  was  its  sole  conductor  for  fifteen  or  twenty 
years,  its  responsible  editor  for  as  many  more ;  and,  by  all  ac- 
knowledgment, he  brought  to  it  a  variety  and  accuracy  of 
information,  a  solidity  of  judgment,  a  fidelity  to  principle 
and  to  his  friends,  a  moderation  toward  opponents,  and  a 
sacred  regard  to  truth,  which  cannot  be  too  highly  praised. 

*  Remarks  at  a  stated  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society, 
12th  February,  1863. 


548  NATHAN    HALE. 

It  was  said  of  the  Daily  Advertiser  by  a  distinguished  con- 
temporary journalist,  the  founder  and  editor  of  the  Boston 
Courier,  that  the  Advertiser  was  the  first  journal  which  sys- 
tematically introduced  the  editorial  discussion  of  political 
topics,  —  that  branch  of  journalism  having  been  before  left  to 
correspondents,  the  most  celebrated  of  whom  are  the  authors 
of  the  Federalist  and  of  Junius.  I  have  not  the  means  of 
verifying  the  accuracy  of  this  remark,  but  certain  it  is,  that 
the  columns  of  the  Daily  Advertiser  for  forty  years  contained, 
as  a  standing  feature,  an  editorial  comment  on  passing  affairs 
at  home  and  abroad  ;  and  not  less  so,  that  such  a  comment, 
prepared  as  it  was  by  Mr.  Hale,  in  a  manner  to  exercise  a 
marked  influence  on  public  opinion,  could  be  the  achieve- 
ment of  no  ordinary  mind. 

Besides  natural  talent  of  a  high  order,  and  the  advantage  of 
a  liberal  education  at  a  respectable  seminary  (Williams  Col- 
lege), Mr.  Hale  provided  himself  with  aids  in  the  discharge 
of  his  editorial  duties,  not  as  common  then  as  now.  He  im- 
ported the  leading  European  journals,  English,  French,  and 
German.  I  have  heard  it  said  that  his  file  of  the  "  London 
Times  "  was  the  only  one,  at  that  time,  to  be  found  in  any 
printing-office  in  Boston ;  his  shelves  were  well  supplied  with 
books  of  reference  in  contemporaneous  history,  in  geography, 
and  statistics,  and  he  was  particularly  curious  in  the  collec- 
tion of  maps.  Everything  falling  within  these  departments 
was  habitually  discussed  by  him  with  more  than  common 
fulness  and  accuracy. 

It  was  not  long  before  the  Advertiser,  as  conducted  by  him, 
acquired  the  name  of  the  "  Respectable  Daily."  He  regarded 
this  as  a  title  of  honor.  He  wished  no  higher  praise  than  to 
conduct  a  journal  that  deserved  and  enjoyed  the  respect  of  an 
enlightened  community.  Even  when  this  epithet  was  em- 
ployed in  ridicule  and  derision,  he  did  not  heed  the  reproach. 
He  was  willing  to  suffer  in  his  reputation  for  enterprise,  by 
abstaining  from  the  hasty  dissemination  of  flying  rumors  as 
if  they  were  matters  of  ascertained  intelligence,  and  to  give 
up  the  credit  for  smartness,  which  was  to  be  earned  by  the 
reckless  assertion  of  doubtful  facts,  by  the  bold  utterance  of 
crude  opinions,  or  by  wanton  attacks  on  private  character. 


NATHAN    HALE.  549 

Among  his  rales  of  journalism,  one  was  to  present 
every  kind  of  intelligence  in  the  most  authentic  form.  The 
Congressional  or  Executive  report,  the  original  letter,  the 
important  article  from  a  European  journal,  if  not  prevented 
by  its  length  or  some  specific  objection,  he  gave  entire  as  he 
found  it.  He  did  not  garble  it,  nor  subject  it  to  editorial 
manipulation,  in  order  to  make  the  work  of  others  pass  for 
his  own. 

He  reserved  the  editorial  columns  and  the  editorial  type 
exclusively  for  articles  written  by  himself,  or  those  who 
at  any  time  were  regularly  associated  with  him  in  the  con- 
duct of  the  paper ;  and  never  accepted  pecuniary  compensa- 
tion except  for  what  appeared  in  the  recognized  form  of  an 
advertisement. 

He  had  great  aptitude  for  mechanical  contrivance  of  every 
kind.  I  am  under  the  impression  that  he  first  conceived  the 
idea  of  executing  geographical  maps  on  type-metal,  setting 
up  the  names  in  common  type,  and  occasionally  employing 
these  maps  in  his  paper  for  the  illustration  of  the  intelligence 
contained  in  its  columns.  A  manual  of  geography  published 
by  him  in  middle  life  was,  I  believe,  the  first  volume  illus- 
trated by  maps  of  this  kind.  He  was  one  of  the  first  jour- 
nalists, if  not  the  very  first,  who  employed  the  power-press, 
and  at  one  time  he  engaged  somewhat  extensively  in  the 
printing  of  books.  The  twelve  volumes  of  Mr.  Sparks's 
Diplomatic  Correspondence  of  the  Revolution  were  issued 
from  his  power-presses. 

He  was  at  all  times  peculiarly  fond  of  geographical  studies. 
He  devoted  his  leisure  hours  —  if  in  such  a  life  there  could 
be  anything  that  deserved  the  name  of  a  leisure  hour  —  to 
the  preparation  of  a  map  of  New  England,  which  still  re- 
tains a  standard  character.  It  was  not  compiled  from  older 
maps,  but  laboriously  constructed  from  original  materials  and 
calculations  and  measurements  made  by  himself.  In  the 
prosecution  of  his  geographical  studies  he  became  possessed 
of  a  very  valuable  collection  of  original  maps  and  plans  of 
military  positions  held  in  the  old  French  and  Revolutionary 
wars,  most  of  which  are  manuscripts,  drawn  at  the  time  by 
officers  in  the  British  army. 


550  NATHAN    HALE. 

Although  Mr.  Hale's  predominant  tastes  were  in  the  direc- 
tion of  the  mathematics  pure  and  applied,  he  by  no  means 
confined  himself  to  them.  His  reading  was  wide  and  vari- 
ous. He  had  a  working  knowledge  of  French  and  German, 
and  kept  up  —  perhaps  extended  —  the  knowledge  of  the 
ancient  classics  which  he  brought  from  college.  He  had  a 
valuable  private  library,  and  was  well  acquainted  with  its 
contents.  He  wrote  somewhat  slowly  and  laboriously,  but 
without  stiffness,  and  in  a  style  of  pure  sterling  English,  with 
great  precision  of  thought  and  clearness  of  expression.  Con- 
sidering that  most  of  his  writing  was  for  the  columns  of  a 
newspaper,  his  style  is  remarkably  free  from  the  faults  to  which 
that  kind  of  composition  is  most  exposed,  —  looseness,  over- 
statement, and  appeal  to  "  Buncombe."  As  far  as  the  tone 
and  spirit  of  his  writings  are  concerned,  it  may  be  said  of 
him,  quite  as  truly  as  of  the  author  of  whom  the  remark  was 
originally  made,  that  in  all  his  writings,  however  voluminous 
in  the  aggregate,  there  was 

"  Not  one  immoral,  one  corrupting  thought, 
One  line  which,  dying,  he  could  wish  to  blot." 

With  such  stores  of  varied  information,  especially  in  refer- 
ence to  our  politics,  and  with  such  weight  of  character,  Mr.  Hale 
would  seem  to  have  been  qualified  for  eminence  as  a  public 
speaker.  But  neither  his  taste  nor  temperament  lay  in  that 
direction.  There  was  in  conversation  even  a  hesitancy  in  his 
utterance.  It  is  therefore  the  more  remarkable  that,  when- 
ever on  occasions  of  business  or  ceremony,  or  in  the  public 
bodies  of  which  he  was  a  member,  he  was  called  on  to  ex- 
press himself,  he  did  it  with  entire  self-possession,  dignity,  and 
ease.  He  had  one  habit  as  a  public  speaker  which  might  be 
introduced  with  advantage  in  all  our  public  assemblies.  He 
never  rose  to  speak  without  having  something  to  say  worth 
listening  to,  and  when  he  had  said  it,  he  sat  down. 

It  would  seem  that  the  duties  of  an  editor,  as  Mr.  Hale  per- 
formed them,  would  be  enough  to  occupy  all  the  time  even  of 
the  most  laborious  and  active  man ;  but  he  united  with  them 
those  of  a  most  distinguished  and  successful  engineer.  From 
the  moment  the  railroad  system  began  to  be  established  sue- 


NATHAN    HALE.  551 

cessfully  in  England,  Mr.  Hale  gave  much  attention  to  its 
consideration.  Having  mastered  its  details  as  a  problem  in 
engineering,  he  forthwith  began  to  devote  what  the  incredu- 
lous considered  an  undue  portion  of  his  columns  to  the  dis- 
cussion of  its  economical  relations.  In  a  word,  the  feasibility 
and  importance  of  railroads  for  this  country  were  diligently 
and  forcibly,  and  with  every  variety  of  illustration,  "written 
up "  by  him,  and  the  result  is  the  network  that  covers  the 
land.  He  was  the  chairman  and  working  member  of  the 
first  board  of  commissioners  for  internal  improvement,  by 
whom  the  principal  railroad  lines  in  this  State  were  surveyed. 
He  was  the  first  president  of  the  Worcester  Railroad,  —  the 
line  on  which  the  first  locomotive  engine  was  run;  and  he 
assumed  the  effective  responsibility  for  all  the  calculations, 
estimates,  and  initiatory  surveys  of  what  was  then  deemed 
an  experimental  work.  No  sooner  had  he  conducted  it  to 
a  triumphant  result,  than  he  threw  himself  with  the  same  self- 
sacrificing  zeal  upon  the  project  for  supplying  Boston  with 
pure  water,  and  never  shall  I  forget  the  light  that  beamed 
from  his  pensive  eye  and  the  flush  that  spread  over  his 
thoughtful  countenance  when,  at  the  close  of  the  memorable 
day  on  which  the  completion  of  that  work  was  celebrated, 
he  saw  the  noble  jet  of  water  from  Long  Pond,  a  distance 
of  eighteen  miles,  spouting  up  to  the  clouds  from  the  centre 
of  Boston   Common. 

In  a  modest  and  appropriate  obituary  notice  of  Mr.  Hale, 
which  appeared  in  the  Daily  Advertiser  the  morning  after  his 
decease,  written  after  that  event  at  half  past  eleven  o'clock  of 
the  night  before,  it  is  stated  that  these  and  other  similar  la- 
bors, performed  by  Mr.  Hale,  were  "disinterested."  There 
is  an  undesigned  sarcasm  in  this  expression,  which  this  is 
not  the  place  nor  I  the  person  to  unfold.  Labors  such  as 
those  which  in  the  Old  World  have  raised  the  Arkwrights,  the 
Stephensons,  the  Brunels  to  fortune,  —  some  of  them  to  prince- 
ly fortune,  —  had  no  such  result  for  him.  Not  to  speak  of  the 
Boston  Water- Works  and  the  benefits  they  have  conferred  on 
the  community,  cheaply  purchased  at  the  millions  they  have 
cost,  as  they  would  have  been  had  those  millions  been  dou- 


552  NATHAN    HALE. 

bled,  his  connection  with  the  railroad  system  of  the  United 
States,  of  which  the  annual  benefit  to  the  country  cannot  be 
estimated  at  less  than  one  hundred  millions  of  dollars,  and  of 
which,  more  than  any  other  individual,  he  is  entitled  to  be 
called  the  Father,  left  him  a  poorer  man  than  it  found  him. 

And  this  leads  me  to  a  closing  remark  on  the  moral  qual- 
ities of  his  character.  I  have  already  said  that  he  was  one  of 
the  very  best  men  I  ever  knew.  In  an  acquaintance  com- 
mencing at  the  Academy  at  Exeter  in  1807,  and  in  a  relation 
as  intimate  as  can  be  without  the  cement  of  blood,  I  never 
saw  in  him  the  slightest  trace  of  any  of  the  sins  which  do 
most  easily  beset  us,  —  of  selfishness,  avarice,  vanity,  indo- 
lence, affectation,  arrogance;  it  would  be  an  insult  to  his 
memory  to  add  dishonesty  or  corruption  to  the  list.  He  was 
the  soul  of  justice,  probity,  and  honor.  A  deep  sense  of  re- 
ligious obligation  gave  tone  and  steadiness  to  his  moral  prin- 
ciple, and  if  he  had  not  been  human,  I  should  have  been  al- 
most ready  to  pronounce  him  faultless. 

But  he  had  his  faults.  The  ancient  Philosophers  placed 
moral  perfection  in  the  golden  mean,  equally  removed  from 
excess  on  either  side.  Mr.  Hale  carried  the  noblest  virtue  of 
which  our  frail  natures  are  capable  —  disinterestedness  —  to 
an  extreme,  which  interfered  with  his  own  health,  comfort, 
and  prosperity,  and,  going  beyond  the  Scripture  rule,  which 
it  is  never  safe  to  do,  he  loved  his  neighbor  better  than 
himself. 


INAUGURATION   OF   THE  UNION   CLUB  * 


Gentlemen  of  the  Union  Club  :  — 

As  this  is  the  first  meeting  of  our  Association,  since  by 
your  kindness  I  had  the  honor  to  be  chosen  its  President.  I 
avail  myself  of  the  opportunity  to  return  you  my  thanks  for 
this  mark  of  your  confidence.  I  am  not  greatly  versed  in 
"  Club  Law"  of  any  kind,  and  I  have  reason  to  fear  that  I 
shall  not  be  able  to  render  you  much  active  service ;  but  it  has 
afforded  me  pleasure,  indeed,  I  have  felt  it  to  be  my  duty,  by 
uniting  with  you  in  this  Association,  to  express  my  warm 
approbation  of  the  principle  on  which  it  is  founded.  That 
principle  is  the  active  and  earnest  co-operation  of  all  good 
citizens  in  the  loyal  support  of  the  Union,  the  Constitution, 
and  the  Government  of  the  country  in  the  present  great  crisis 
of  affairs,  and  the  encouragement  of  each  other  and  of  the 
community  at  large  in  the  vigorous  prosecution  of  the  war, 
till  the  rebellion  is  suppressed  and  the  integrity  of  the  Nation 
is  restored.  We  propose  no  party  action  ;  we  aim  at  no  party 
ends ;  and  we  invite  the  fellowship  of  all  good  and  true  men, 
of  whatever  political  connection,  who  concur  with  us  in  this 
one  great  paramount  view  of  Public  Duty. 

The  struggle,  in  which  the  government  and  loyal  people 
of  the  country  have  been  now  for  nearly  two  years  engaged 
is  one,  I  need  scarce  say,  of  almost  unexampled  magnitude, 
attended  with  all  the  difficulties,  the  sacrifices,  the  alter- 
nation of  success  and  failure,  which  are  incident  to  a  con- 
test of  such  stupendous  dimensions.  Scarce  ever  have  there 
been  arrayed  against  each  other,  on  a  field  of  action  so  vast, 

*  An  address  delivered  at  the  inauguration  of  the  Union  Club,  in  Boston, 
9th  April,  1863. 


55-4  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

forces  so  numerous,  at  an  expense  so  great,  with  such  profu- 
sion of  material  supplies  and  financial  resources,  and,  what 
is  infinitely  more  important,  with  interests  so  momentous  at 
stake.  The  scene  of  the  conflict,  coextensive  as  it  is  with 
the  settlements  of  the  United  States  this  side  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  is  but  little  inferior  in  extent  to  Europe.  The 
military  forces  in  array  and  amply  supplied  with  the  materiel 
of  war  are  as  great  as  were  ever  placed  in  the  field  in  the  war 
of  the  French  Revolution.  The  sea-coast  held  in  rigid  blockade 
by  our  navy  is  more  extensive  than  that  actually  blockaded 
by  the  navy  of  Great  Britain,  during  that  war.  Our  armies 
and  navy,  owing  to  the  character  of  our  soldiers  and  seamen 
and  the  higher  standard  of  comfort  in  this  country,  are  sus- 
tained at  greater  expense  than  those  of  any  other  service; 
and  the  objects  of  the  war  are  nothing  less  than  to  prevent  a 
great  and  prosperous  Union  of  States,  under  one  constitu- 
tional government,  from  being  broken  up  into  wretched  frag- 
ments ;  to  protect  the  organic  life  of  a  mighty  People,  in  the 
morning  of  their  national  existence,  from  the  murderous  and 
suicidal  blow  aimed  at  it ;  to  rescue  the  work  of  our  revolu- 
tionary and  constitutional  fathers,  the  greatest  political  work 
of  human  wisdom,  from  ignominious  ruin ;  and  to  hand  down 
this  peerless  inheritance  of  public  and  private  blessings  unim- 
paired to  our  posterity. 

Compared  with  these  objects,  how  insignificant  the  scene, 
the  operations,  the  objects  of  the  recent  wars  in  Europe,  and 
how  unimportant  their  results !  The  late  Italian  war  had  for 
its  object,  nominally,  to  drive  the  foreigner  beyond  the  Alps 
and  to  give  Italy  to  the  Italians,  while  its  real  object  was  to 
restore  the  military  and  political  influence  of  France  in  Eu- 
rope, and,  at  least  as  far  as  Italy  is  concerned,  annul  the  trea- 
ties of  Vienna.  But  all  Italy  is  not  equal  in  extent  to  New 
York,  Pennsylvania,  and  Ohio;  the  Austrians  still  hold  Ven- 
ice and  the  best  half  of  the  Lombardo- Venetian  kingdom; 
France  is  still  intrenched  at  Rome,  the  very  heart  of  the  Pe- 
ninsula; and  the  exiled  dynasties  are  awaiting  the  next  turn 
of  the  wheel  of  political  fortune,  for  those  revolutions  in  em- 
pire which  shall  restore  them  to  their  former  capitals.     I  feel 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  555 

all  possible  sympathy  with  the  cause  of  Italian  nationality. 
As  an  ardent  friend  to  that  beautiful  country,  to  which  the 
civilized  world  is  under  obligations  never  to  be  too  gratefully 
repaid,  I  accept  with  thankfulness  every  word  or  deed  from 
whatever  quarter,  which  can  contribute  to  replace  her  in  the 
first  rank  of  the  nations  ;  it  may  come  from  Sardinia,  or  it 
may  come  from  France;  but  much  I  fear  that  the  deadly 
spirit  of  discord,  which  on  the  downfall  of  the  Roman  Em- 
pire took  possession  of  the  Peninsula  and  parcelled  it  out  into 
a  dozen  warring  States,  —  the  same  unhallowed  end  which 
the  same  evil  spirit  is  aiming  to  compass  in  our  noble  Union, 
—  has  poisoned  the  life  of  Italian  nationality  beyond  the  pos- 
sibility of  recoverv. 

The  next  preceding  war  had  its  ostensible  origin  in  the 
struggles  of  the  Greek  and  Latin  churches  for  ascendency  in 
the  East;  its  real  object  was  to  check  the  progress  of  Russia 
in  that  quarter;  and  it  arrayed  half  a  million  of  men  for  the 
destruction  or  defence  of  one  fortress  in  the  Crimea.  The 
Ate  of  that  contest  came  "  hot  from  hell  and  let  slip  the  dogs 
of  war,"  to  settle  the  question  whether  the  French  or  Rus- 
sian vice-consul  should  keep  the  key  of  the  church,  built  upon 
the  spot  where  the  Prince  of  Peace  was  born.  The  war  was 
fought ;  a  hundred  thousand  families  were  clad  in  mourning ; 
Russia  still  holds  the  Crimea ;  Sebastopol  has  risen  from  its 
ruins ;  and  which  vice-consul  keeps  the  key  of  the  church 
of  Bethlehem,  few  persons  in  Christendom,  outside  the  three 
cabinets,  know  or  care. 

And  then  the  great  war  of  the  French  Revolution,  which 
began  with  the  invasion  of  France  by  the  Prussians'  in  1792, 
and  ended  with  the  exile  of  Napoleon  to  St.  Helena  in  1815 ; 
which  more  than  any  contest  in  modern  times  resembles,  in 
the  vastness  of  its  theatre  and  the  magnitude  of  the  forces  in 
array,  the  contest  in  which  we  are  now  involved,  how  insig- 
nificant its  issues  compared  with  those  here  at  stake !  The 
allies  under  the  lead  of  England  waged  the  war  to  check  the 
progress  of  the  French  Revolution  and  eventually  to  restore 
the  Bourbons.  The  Bourbons  are  still  in  exile ;  the  French 
Revolution  is  enthroned  at  the   Tuileries,  and   many   of  its 


556  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

political  maxims  have  passed  into  the  public  law  of  Europe. 
The  French,  on  their  side,  strove  to  overturn  the  remains  of 
feudalism  in  Europe,  to  destroy  the  political  influence  and 
the  maritime  ascendency  of  England,  and  to  subordinate  the 
Continental  governments  to  France.  Fierce  battles  with  va- 
rious fortunes  were  fought,  millions  of  lives  sacrificed,  a  great 
deal  of  old  parchment  was  torn  up,  a  great  deal  of  new 
parchment  written  over,  and,  at  the  end  of  twenty-one  years, 
England  came  out  of  the  contest  stronger  than  ever;  the 
equilibrium  of  Europe  is  substantially  unchanged;  the  rela- 
tions of  the  Continental  powers  to  France  not  materially 
affected,  and  the  great  leaders  of  the  Titanic  struggle,  France 
and  England,  united,  seemingly  at  least,  in  a  most  beautiful 
entente  cordiale.  A  few  territorial  and  dynastic  changes  of 
no  vital  importance  to  the  sum  total  have  been  made  in  Cen- 
tral Europe ;  the  Holy  Roman  Empire,  long  before  effete,  has 
been  broken  up ;  a  few  German  electors  and  archdukes  are 
styled  kings  ;  Holland  and  Belgium  have  been  raised  to  in- 
dependent monarchies ;  Genoa  has  become  a  Sardinian  city, 
and  Venice  has  become  an  Austrian  city;  the  nephew  of 
Napoleon  and  the  niece  of  George  IV.  exchange  friendly 
visits  in  their  respective  capitals  ;  and  the  territorial  and  po- 
litical map  of  Europe  is  substantially  what  it  was  when  the 
States  General  of  France  met  at  Versailles  in  1789. 

In  that  year  the  Federal  Constitution  went  into  operation 
in  the  United  States, —  the  great  political  consummation  of 
the  design  of  Providence  in  the  discovery  and  settlement  of 
America ;  the  happy  framework  of  some  of  the  wisest  and 
best  men'  that  ever  lived,  intended  to  effect  the  extension  of 
civilization  in  the  shortest  possible  time  over  a  vast  continent 
lying  in  a  state  of  nature  ;  to  provide  a  city  of  refuge  for  the 
starving  millions  of  Europe  ;  to  prepare  the  way  for  the  civili- 
zation and  Christianization  of  Africa  by  the  return  of  a  por- 
tion of  her  children  from  the  house  of  bondage ;  and  to  com- 
bine upon  a  scale  of  unprecedented  magnitude,  the  home- 
bred and  fireside  blessings  of  small  States  and  local  adminis- 
trations with  the  security,  influence,  and  power  of  a  great 
empire.     For  seventy  years  it  has    been  working  out  these 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  557 

great  results  ;  it  has  conferred  upon  the  rapidly  increasing 
population  of  the  country  a  degree  of  general  prosperity  nev- 
er equalled ;  it  has  welcomed^  the  surplus  and  suffering  mul- 
titudes of  Europe  to  the  enjoyment  of  a  state  of  well-being 
unknown  to  them  at  home  ;  and  not  without  the  imperfec- 
tions and  the  errors,  the  woes,  and  I  am  sorry  to  add  the 
wrongs,  which  attend  all  human  things,  the  incidents  neither 
of  republics  nor  of  monarchies,  but  of  our  common  frail  hu- 
manity, it  has  conferred  upon  more  than  two  generations  an 
amount  of  good,  with  an  exemption  from  the  sacrifices  and 
trials  which  have  afflicted  other  states,  altogether  without  a 
parallel  in  history. 

And  now  the  great  question  which  we  have  to  settle  is, 
Shall  this  mighty  aggregate  of  prosperity  perish,  or  shall  it 
endure  ?  Shall  this  imperial  heritage  of  blessings  descend  un- 
impaired to  our  posterity,  or  shall  it  be  ignominiously,  profli- 
gately, thrown  away  ?  Shall  the  territory  of  the  Union,  late 
so  happy  under  the  control  and  adjustment  of  the  National 
and  State  governments,  be  broken  up  into  miserable  frag- 
ments, sure  to  be  engaged  in  constantly  recurring  border 
wars,  and  all  lying  at  the  mercy  of  foreign  powers,  or  shall  it 
preserve  its  noble  integrity  under  the  aegis  of  the  National 
government?  Admit  the  right  of  the  seceding  States  to 
break  up  the  Union  at  pleasure,  nay,  of  each  and  every  State 
to  do  so,  and  allow  them  to  enforce  that  right  by  a  successful 
war ;  deny  the  authority  of  the  Central  government  to  con- 
trol its  members  ;  and  how  long  will  it  be  before  the  new 
Confederacies  created  by  the  first  disruption  will  be  resolved 
into  still  smaller  fragments,  and  the  continent  will  become  a 
vast  theatre  of  civil  war,  military  license,  anarchy,  and  event- 
ually despotism  ?  Better  at  whatever  cost,  by  whatever  sac- 
rifice, settle  the  question  at  once,  and  settle  it  forever. 

For  remember,  my  friends,  that,  in  this  desolating  war,  the 
government  and  loyal  people  of  the  country  are  the  party 
assailed,  and  that  they  are  clad  in  the  triple  armor  of  a  just 
cause.  The  pretence  is  set  up  by  the  rebels,  that  they  are 
contending  for  the  right  of  self-government,  and  the  unfriend- 
ly press  of  Europe  talks  of  its  being  a  war  of  revenge  and 


558  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

subjugation.  Consider  what  makes  a  just  war  even  in  the 
opinion  of  those  who  condemn  the  North.  England,  a  little 
more  than  a  twelvemonth  ago,  thought  it  a  just  cause  of  war, 
that  a  merchant  packet  was  brought  to  at  sea  by  a  belligerent 
cruiser,  in  the  exercise  of  the  undoubted  right  of  search,  and 
that  four  persons  were  taken  from  it,  as  she  considered,  with- 
out warrant  in  the  law  of  nations,  though  she  in  the  last  gen- 
eral war  had  taken  more  than  four  thousand  persons  from 
our  neutral  vessels,  confessedly  without  warrant  in  the  law 
of  nations.  The  Federal  government,  in  the  paralysis  of  its 
powers  caused  by  the  interregnum  between  the  old  and  new 
administrations,  submitted  with  patience  to  the  affront  of 
having  two  ships,  laden  with  supplies  for  a  fort  belonging  to 
the  United  States,  fired  upon  in  profound  peace,  by  a  pretend- 
ed government  unacknowledged  at  that  time,  even  as  a  bel- 
ligerent, by  any  foreign  power.  It  was  not  till  the  third  act 
of  open  organized  war,  as  mean  as  it  was  murderous,  —  the 
assault  on  Fort  Sumter  from  eleven  batteries  manned  by 
eight  or  ten  thousand  men,  —  a  fortress  belonging  to  the 
United  States,  built  by  the  general  government,  upon  a  spot 
ceded  by  the  State  of  South  Carolina  to  the  United  States,  and 
then  occupied  by  one  company  of  seventy  men,  provisioned 
but  for  forty-eight  hours ;  not  till  the  threat  had  gone  forth, 
on  the  same  day,  from  the  capital  of  the  pretended  Confeder- 
acy, that  in  three  weeks  their  flag  should  float  over  the  dome 
of  the  Capitol  at  Washington,  and  in  due  time  over  Faneuil 
Hall ;  not  till  their  emissaries  in  London  had  claimed  that 
Mr.  Adams,  the  Envoy  of  the  United  States,  ought  not  to  be 
received  on  his  arrival,  because,  before  that  event,  the  Con- 
federacy would  be  installed  at  Washington,  and  the  United 
States  would  have  ceased  to  exist; — it  was  not  till  all  this 
had  taken  place,  that  the  general  government  drew  the  sword. 
Even  supposing  Carolina  had  a  constitutional  right  to 
secede  and  to  declare  herself  a  foreign  state,  the  war  is  not 
the  less  a  war  of  aggression  on  her  part  and  that  of  her  asso- 
ciates. She  had  no  right  in  seceding  to  carry  Sumter  along 
with  her.  She  had  formally  ceded  that  spot  to  the  United 
States.     It  was  ours  by  a  firmer  tenure  than  that  by  which 


INAUGUKATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  559 

Gibraltar  belongs  to  England,  for  that  was  originally  obtained 
by  conquest.  Spain  notoriously  regards  the  possession  of 
Gibraltar  by  England  as  a  standing  monument  of  national 
humiliation ;  so  much  so  that,  in  the  Peninsular  War,  al- 
though the  armies  of  England  were  the  only  hope  of  the 
preservation  of  the  independence  of  Spain,  the  thought  of 
Gibraltar  led  her  to  oppose  the  occupation  of  Cadiz  by  British 
troops,  even  under  the  strongest  strategetical  motives.  Sup- 
pose, now,  Spain,  desirous  of  repossessing  Gibraltar,  had  sent 
agents  to  London  to  treat  for  its  purchase,  and  that  these 
agents  had  failed  of  success ;  would  this  give  Spain  a  right  to 
drive  the  English  by  force  out  of  Gibraltar  ?  And  how  long 
would  England  slumber  over  an  attack  like  that  of  Carolina 
on  Fort  Sumter  ?  Would  not  every  English  ship  of  war  that 
could  float  be  put  in  commission,  and  every  regiment  in  the 
British  army,  available  for  the  purpose,  be  moved  to  the 
coast,  rather  than  leave  Gibraltar  in  the  hands  of  the  Span- 
iards ?  Undoubtedly  England  would  spend  every  pound 
sterling  in  her  treasury,  she  would  send  her  last  man  to  the 
Peninsula,  rather  than  allow  such  an  outrage  to  succeed ;  and 
it  would  be  an  insult  to  the  common  sense  of  mankind,  to 
call  that  a  war  of  aggression  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain. 
But  again,  suppose  the  Southern  States  had  a  right  to  se- 
cede (which  they  have  as  much  and  no  other  right  to  do  than 
the  counties  south  of  the  Thames  and  the  Severn  have  to  se- 
cede from  the  English  crown  and  set  up  the  old  kingdom  of 
Sussex),  is  this  metaphysical  right,  doubted  even  by  the  ablest 
of  their  own  leaders,*  a  right  to  be  maintained  at  the  mouth 
of  the  cannon  by  seven   States,  if  not  instantly  conceded  by 

*  That  Mr.  Calhoun  did  not  claim  Secession  as  a  constitutional  right  is 
conclusively  shown  by  Hon.  Reverdy  Johnson  in  a  letter  dated  24th  June, 
1861,  and  published  in  the  Appendix  to  an  oration  delivered  at  New  York 
on  the  4th  of  July  following  by  the  author  of  this  address.  Mr.  Iverson  of 
Georgia  expressed  himself  as  follows  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  on 
the  5th  December,  1860:  "I  do  not  myself  place  the  right  of  a  State  to 
secede  from  the  Union  upon  constitutional  grounds.  I  admit  that  the  Con- 
stitution has  not  granted  that  power  to  a  State.  It  is  exceedingly  doubtful, 
even,  whether  the  right  has  been  reserved.  Certainly,  it  has  not  been 
reserved  in  express  terms." 


560  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

all  the  rest  of  the  Union  ?  Had  the  majority  of  the  citizens 
of  the  cotton-growing  States  desired  to  leave  the  Union, 
which  was  notoriously  not  the  case;  had  they  —  instead  of 
"being  precipitated  into  the  revolution"  by  ambitious  dema- 
gogues, whose  language  I  quote  — by  deliberate  legislative 
acts  or  conventions  of  the  people,  called  after  mature  public  dis- 
cussion of  the  question,  authentically  announced  that  fact  and 
their  willingness  to  leave  to  the  United  States  the  fortresses 
necessary  to  protect  the  navigation  of  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  and 
the  control  of  the  Mississippi  River,  I  have  little  doubt,  that  a 
requisite  majority  of  the  States  would  have  agreed  to  the 
amendment  of  the  Constitution  necessary  to  carry  such  an 
arrangement  into  effect;  —  sure  as  it  was  in  a  few  years  by 
its  perfect  madness  to  cure  itself.  But  this  did  not  suit  the 
ambitious  leaders  in  the  cotton-growing  States.  They  well 
knew  that  no  such  expression  of  popular  opinion  could  be 
obtained,  for  the  good  reason  that  no  such  opinion  existed. 
They  knew  that  a  separation  thus  peaceably  brought  about* 
would  be  an  experiment  as  short-lived  as  suicidal.  They 
knew  that  the  Border  States  would  stand  aloof,  and  that  the 
first  revolution  in  domestic  politics,  probably  the  next  Presi- 
dential election,  would  consign  to  political  ruin  the  authors 
of  the  movement  and  bring  back  the  seceding  States  to  the 
Union.  This  they  knew,  this  they  felt,  this  they  in  effect 
confessed.  They  did  not  wish  to  be  allowed  to  "  go  in  peace." 
All  professions  to  that  effect  are  delusive  and  hypocritical. 
It  was  for  the  wicked  purpose  of  "  firing  the  Southern  heart" 
by  the  shedding  of  blood,  thus  exciting  the  Border  States  to 
take  part  with  the  Cotton  States,  and,  what  was  of  equal  im- 
portance, overawing  and  silencing  opposition  at  home,  that 
Fort  Sumter  was  attacked.  If  ever  the  secrets  of  this  con- 
spiracy are  disclosed  by  the  publication  of  the  correspondence 
that  passed  between  Richmond,  Charleston,  and  Montgomery 
in  that  inauspicious  winter  of  1860-61,  what  I  now  affirm 
will  be  found  in  black  and  white.  In  truth  it  was  substan- 
tially avowed  in  the  columns  of  the  Charleston  journals  and 
in  the  speeches  of  the  demagogues  who  were  sent  from  Vir- 
ginia to  fan  the  flame  of  treason. 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  561 

The  blow  at  length  was  struck,  and  but  too  successfully. 
With  the  outbreak  of  the  Rebellion  a  reign  of  terror  as  mer- 
ciless as  that  of  Robespierre  was  inaugurated  at  the  South, 
and  every  man  of  eminence  but  the  noble  and  lamented  Pet- 
igru  quailed  before  it.  Virginia,  ensnared  in  the  meshes  of 
her  hair-splitting  metaphysics,  and  fearful  of  being  deprived 
of  the  wretched  privilege  of  supplying  the  plantations  of  Mis- 
sissippi and  Louisiana  with  the  surplus  of  her  slave  popula- 
tion, in  known  opposition  to  the  wish  of  the  majority  of  her 
people,  was  engineered  into  the  contest ;  and  a  war  not  mere- 
ly of  aggression,  but  of  cold-blooded  calculation  on  the  part 
of  the  South,  and  of  self-defence,  of  duty,  and  of  necessity,  on 
the  part  of  the  North,  was  inaugurated. 

With  every  month  of  its  prosecution  this  aggressive  char- 
acter of  the  war  has  been  more  and  more  displayed.  On  the 
12th  of  April,  1861,  while  the  news  of  the  bombardment  of 
Sumter  was  passing  over  the  wires  to  Montgomery,  and 
before  its  little  band  of  heroes  had  been  compelled  to  yield  to 
the  overwhelming  force  by  which  they  were  surrounded,  the 
intention  of  capturing  Washington  was,  as  we  have  seen, 
publicly  announced  by  the  Confederate  Secretary  of  War. 
Washington  is  the  capital  of  thirty-four  States  ;  at  the  time 
this  insolent  threat  was  uttered  the  Confederacy  was  confined 
to  the  seven  cotton-growing  States.  What  right  could  this 
rebellious  group  of  States,  far  off  on  the  Gulf  of  Mexico, 
with  a  sum  total  of  a  little  more  than  two  and  one  half 
millions  of  white  inhabitants,  have  to  the  metropolis  of  the 
Union  ?  Seven  days  later  the  pavement  of  Baltimore  was 
stained  with  the  blood  of  Massachusetts  men,  hastening  in 
obedience  to  lawful  authority  to  the  defence  of  the  capital. 
Events  have  shown  the  unshaken  loyalty  of  Maryland.  Not 
a  voice  was  raised  in  all  her  borders,  in  response  to  the  proc- 
lamation of  the  Confederate  General,  who  crossed  the  Poto- 
mac last  September  with  an  army  of  ninety-seven  thousand 
men,  "to  liberate  oppressed  Maryland."  Western  Virginia 
was  next  attacked.  Mr.  Senator  Mason,  in  a  published  letter, 
signed  by  his  name,  had  told  the  citizens  of  that  part  of  the 
State  (who  had  no  more  intention   than  the  western  counties 

vol.  iv.  36 


562  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

of  Massachusetts  to  secede  from  the  Union),  that  if  they 
presumed  even  to  vote  against  the  ordinance,  they  must  leave 
the  State,  —  such  being  that  gentleman's  understanding  of 
the  principle  that  government  must  rest  on  the  consent  of  the 
governed.  In  further  illustration  of  the  principle,  Western 
Virginia  was  overrun  by  the  Confederate  troops  till  they  were 
driven  out  by  Rosecrans  and  McClellan.  Kentucky  and  Mis- 
souri were  next  invaded.  There,  too,  the  progress  of  events 
has  disclosed,  on  the  part  of  the  masses  of  the  people,  an 
unshaken  loyalty  to  the  Union;  but  they  have  been  overrun, 
plundered,  and  devastated  by  the  armies  of  this  pacific  con- 
federacy, which  asks  for  nothing  but  "  to  be  let  alone  and 
allowed  to  go  in  peace."  Though  the  first  act  of  the  Seces- 
sionists in  Baltimore,  after  the  murderous  attack  on  the  Mas- 
sachusetts troops,  was  to  tear  up  and  burn  the  bridges  on  the 
railroads  leading  to  the  North  and  West,  Mr.  Benjamin  (the 
humane  Secretary  of  State  to  the  Confederacy)  ordered  the 
Union  men,  charged  with  bridge-burning  in  East  Tennessee, 
to  be  tried  by  "a  drum-head  court-martial,"  if  convicted,  to 
be  hung,  and  their  bodies  to  be  left  on  the  gibbet  near  the 
bridges  destroyed;  —  the  mass  of  the  people  in  East  Tennes- 
see being  all  the  time  as  loyal  to  the  Union  as  in  Western 
Virginia*  The  same  is  the  case,  to  a  considerable  extent,  in 
Western  North  Carolina,  in  Northern  Alabama,  in  Arkansas, 
in  Louisiana,  and  in  Texas ;  but  confiscation,  impressment 
into  the  army,  the  bloodhound,  the  scourge,  and  the  halter, 
are  the  machinery  by  which  this  pacific  confederacy  produces 
its  vaunted  unanimity.  You  may  recollect  that  General 
Houston,  the  Governor  of  Texas,  refused  to  call  the  Legisla- 
ture of  that  State  together,  to  act  on  the  question  of  Seces- 
sion. With  reference  to  this  refusal,  Mr.  Iverson  of  Georgia, 
on  the  third  day  of  the  session  of  1860  -  61,  openly  declared 
in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  that  "  if  he  did  not  yield 
to  public  sentiment,  some  Texan  Brutus  will  arise  to  rid  his 
country  of  the  hoary-headed  incubus  that  stands  between  the 
people  and  their  sovereign  will." 

*  How  cruelly  these  orders  continue  to  be  enforced  sufficiently  appears 
from  the  recent  report  of  the  Judge-Advocate-General. 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  563 

An  attempt  I  know  is  made,  especially  by  foreign  writers- 
to  assimilate  the  existing  Rebellion  at  the  South  with  the 
American  Revolution.  We  might,  as  against  England,  ac- 
cept this  view  of  the  subject;  for  she  not  only  denied  the 
right  of  the  Colonies  to  assert  their  independence,  but  treated 
the  attempt  to  do  so  as  a  rebellion.  Although  she  denies  our 
right  by  a  legislative  act  to  close  the  ports  of  the  rebellious 
States,  she  did  it  herself  in  the  Revolutionary  War  by  16 
George  III.  c.  5,  and  two  years  after  the  capitulation  of  Bur- 
goyne  and  after  the  independence  of  the  States  had  been 
acknowledged  by  France,  she  sent  Mr.  Laurens  to  the  Tower 
as  a  traitor.  She  therefore  is,  to  say  the  least,  as  much 
estopped  from  recognizing  the  right  of  secession  as  we  from 
denying  it. 

But  the  truth  is,  there  is  not  the  slightest  similarity  between 
the  secession  of  the  rebel  States  and  the  American  Revolu- 
tion, unless  upon  the  principle  that  all  rebellions  are  just. 
Our  fathers  in  1776  set  up  no  unqualified  right  of  revolution, 
and  it  would  have  come  to  nothing  practically  if  they  had; 
for,  in  any  sense  in  which  there  is  an  abstract  right,  on  the 
part  of  the  people,  to  revolt,  there  is  a  coextensive  right,  on 
the  part  of  the  government,  to  suppress  the  revolution.  They 
claimed  no  right  for  a  part  of  a  people  to  throw  off  at  pleas- 
ure the  authority  of  a  legitimate  or  constitutional  govern- 
ment, for  this  would  be  to  strike  at  the  root  of  all  government. 
What  they  taught  was,  that  "  governments  are  instituted  to 
secure  the  inalienable  rights  of  men,  among  which  are  life, 
liberty,  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness ;  and  inasmuch  as  gov- 
ernments derive  their  just  power  from  the  consent  of  the 
governed,  whenever  any  form  of  government  becomes  destruc- 
tive of  these  ends  it  is  the  right  of  the  people  to  alter  or  abolish 
it  and  institute  another."  This  is  the  whole  of  their  doctrine 
on  that  subject,  and  it  is  of  course  equally  true  in  monarchies 
and  republics,  in  centralized  and  confederate  governments. 

The  Declaration  of  Independence  further  held,  that  the 
inhabitants  of  the  Colonies  were  "  one  people,"  namely,  the 
American  people,  and  that  they  were  connected  with  "an- 
other "  people,  namely,  the  English,  by  a  common  allegiance 


564  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

to  the  British  Crown,  which  was  bound  to  govern  them 
through  their  own  assemblies.  Not  being  represented  in  the 
British  Parliament,  they  denied  its  right  to  bind  them  in  all 
cases,  and,  inasmuch  as  the  king,  combining  with  the  Parlia- 
ment, had,  by  a  long  course  of  abuses  and  usurpations,  evinced 
a  desire  to  reduce  them  to  absolute  despotism,  it  was  their 
right  and  duty  to  throw  off  their  allegiance,  and  establish 
their  independence. 

In  all  this,  I  need  not  say,  there  is  not  the  slightest  simi- 
larity, in  principle  or  fact,  with  the  case  of  the  seceding  States. 
The  inhabitants  are  not  a  separate  colonial  people,  but  they 
are  an  integral  portion  of  that  "  one  people  "  which  declared 
their  independence,  and  which,  being  loosely  associated  under 
the  old  confederation  of  States,  ordained  and  established  the 
present  Constitution,  "in  order  to  form  a  more  perfect  Union." 
In  the  government  which  they  thus  took  a  part  in  forming, 
instead  of  being  unrepresented  as  our  fathers  were  in  Parlia- 
ment, they  are  represented  beyond  the  numerical  proportion 
of  their  free  population,  and  for  the  greater  part  of  the  time 
its  administration  has  been  controlled  by  themselves.  This 
organic  law  thus  formed  has  been  adopted  by  the  people  of 
each  of  the  States,  as  much  as  their  own  State  constitutions; 
and  there  is  a  provision  in  the  text  of  the  instrument,  that 
"this  Constitution,  and  the  laws  of  the  United  States  which 
shall  be  made  in  pursuance  thereof,  ....  shall  be  the  su- 
preme law  of  the  land,  and  the  judges  in  every  State  shall  be 
bound  thereby,  anything  in  the  Constitution  or  laws  of  any 
State  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding."  All  the  powers  of 
the  government  having  for  the  greater  part  of  the  time  since 
its  formation  been  controlled  by  the  people  of  the  seceding 
States  and  by  those  in  the  other  States  in  political  alliance 
with  them,  it  is  impossible,  notwithstanding  loose  assertions 
and  clamors  to  the  contrary,  that  the  seceding  States  can 
have  found  it  an  oppressive  or  tyrannical  government,  which, 
by  the  principles  of  the  Declaration  and  by  the  law  of  Na- 
ture, they  had  a  right  to  throw  off,  or  even  of  which  they  had 
any  just  right  to  complain.  They  have,  accordingly,  so  far 
from  wishing  to  alter  or  abolish  it,  readopted  this  form  of 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  565 

government  with  no  essential  alterations,  and  it  was  admitted 
by  Mr.  Vice-President  Stephens  (with  the  exception  of  Mr. 
Jefferson  Davis  the  ablest  man  in  the  Confederate  service)  to 
be  the  mildest  and  most  beneficent  government  known  in  the 
history  of  the  world.  This  confession  was  made  after  the 
election  of  Mr.  Lincoln,  the  immediate  pretended  justification 
of  the  Rebellion.  A  still  more  important  admission  was 
made,  also  after  that  event,  by  Mr.  Davis  himself,  in  one  of 
his  last  speeches  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States  (10th 
December,  1860),  a  body  in  which  he  has  never  resigned  his 
membership,  and  of  which  the  oath  now  rests  upon  his  con- 
science. 

"  Our  fathers,"  said  Mr.  Davis,  "learning  wisdom  from  the 
experiments  of  Rome  and  Greece,  the  one  a  consolidated 
Republic,  and  the  other  strictly  a  Confederacy,  and  taught  by 
the  lessons  of  our  own  experiment  under  the  Confederation, 
came  together  to  form  '  a  more  perfect  Union,'  and  in  my 
judgment  made  the  best  government  that  has  ever  been  insti- 
tuted by  man.  It  only  requires  that  it  should  be  carried  out 
in  the  spirit  in  which  it  was  made,  that  the  circumstances 
under  which  it  was  made  should  continue,  and  no  evil  can 
arise  under  the  government,  for  which  it  has  not  an  appro- 
priate remedy.  Then  it  is  outside  of  the  government,  else- 
where than  to  its  Constitution  or  to  its  administration,  that  we 
must  look.  Men  must  not  creep  in  the  dust  of  partisan  strife 
and  seek  to  make  points  against  opponents,  as  the  means  of 
evading  or  meeting  the  issues  before  us.  The  fault  is  not  in 
the  form  of  the  government,  nor  does  the  evil  spring  from  the 
manner  in  which  it  has  been  administered.  Where,  then,  is 
it  ?  It  is  that  our  fathers  formed  a  government  for  a  union 
of  friendly  States ;  and  though  under  it  the  people  have  been 
prosperous  beyond  comparison  with  any  other  whose  career  is 
recorded  in  the  history  of  man,  still  that  union  of  friendly 
States  had  changed  its  character,  and  sectional  hostility  has 
been  substituted  for  the  fraternity  in  which  the  government 
was  founded." 

In  an  Italian  churchyard  there  is  a  monument  with  an 
epitaph  on  a  man  who,  being  well,  dosed  himself  to  death 


566  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

with  unwholesome  drugs.  Stavo  bene,  ma,  per  star  meglio, 
sto  qui.  "  I  was  well ;  I  wanted  to  be  better :  and  here  I  am." 
Mr.  Davis  was  living  about  two  years  ago,  as  he  tells  us, 
under  the  best  form  of  government  ever  instituted  by  man ; 
no  mean  blessing  that  to  begin  with,  as  the  world  goes. 
There  was  no  fault  to  be  found  with  the  manner  in  which  it 
had  been  administered.  Of  how  few  governments  can  that 
be  said,  in  ancient  or  modern  times !  It  would  indeed  have 
been  ungracious  in  Mr.  Davis  to  complain  of  its  administra- 
tion, for  it  had  almost  always  been  controlled  by  his  friends, 
and  he  himself  had  been  liberally  educated  at  its  expense, 
had  passed  most  of  his  life  in  its  service,  and  was  then  filling 
one  of  its  highest  trusts.  Under  the  practical  working  of  this 
perfectly  constituted  and  acceptably  administered  govern- 
ment, the  country  he  admits  has  been  prosperous  beyond 
comparison  with  anything  recorded  in  history.  Was  not  this 
enough  for  man  or  people  ?  Alas,  no  !  Mr.  Davis  was  not 
content  with  this  exuberant  felicity.  He  needed  something 
more;  he  desired  a  "nice  and  subtle  happiness";  he  sighed 
for  "  Fraternity."  To  get  that  precious  boon,  he  dosed  him- 
self with  the  maddening  drug  of  Secession ;  and  now  behold 
him;  —  the.  fetlocks  of  his  war-horse  wet  with  the  blood  of 
civil  war,  oozing  from  the  trampled  bosoms  of  friend  and  of 
foe,  as  he  rages  over  the  field  of  death,  in  search  of  some- 
thing better  than  the  best  of  governments,  better  than  an 
unexceptionable  administration,  better  than  a  prosperity  with- 
out example  in  the  history  of  the  world ! 

Is  this  patriotic  statesmanship,  or  is  it  ambitious  frenzy  ? 
What!  a  wanton  rebellion  like  this  to  be  compared  with  the 
righteous  work  of  our  sainted  Fathers,  of  Washington  and 
Franklin,  and  Jefferson  and  Adams,  the  heroes  and  sages  of 
the  Revolution!  This  gigantic  treason  to  be  profanely 
lauded  as  the  august  foundation  of  a  new  State;  to  be  fed 
with  foreign  gold  and  nursed  with  foreign  favor !  Then  let 
all  pretence  of  distinction  between  right  and  wrong,  truth 
and  falsehood,  be  abandoned.  Lift  up  your  heads,  ye  prison- 
gates,  and  allow  your  wronged  inmates  to  go  free !  Come 
home  from  the  cannibal  islands,  ye  missionaries,  and  let  the 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  567 

honest  savage  gorge  upon  his  "  strange  flesh  "  !  Throw  open 
your  doors,  O  just  Bedlam!  and  send  your  abused  philoso- 
phers, princes,  and  statesmen  to  their  homes !  Cease  your 
dull  prate,  ye  teachers  of  morals !  Burn  your  Bibles,  minis- 
ters of  the  Gospel !  There  is  no  crime,  there  is  no  barbarism, 
there  is  no  madness.  Those  who  make  constitutions,  not 
those  who  break  them,  shall  henceforward  be  the  traitors. 
Our  legislators  and  judges  shall  be  the  culprits,  not  felons 
and  thieves.  Oaths  shall  no  longer  be  the  link  that  binds  the 
soul  of  the  creature  to  the  footstool  of  the  Creator,  but  a  base 
trap  baited  by  knaves  to  catch  the  easy  consciences  of  fools ; 
and  all  this  vaunted  civilization,  founded  on  institutions,  hal- 
lowed by  religion,  buttressed  by  tribunals,  matured  by  time, 
accepted  by  the  common  sense  of  mankind,  shall  be  pro- 
claimed, in  the  face  of  the  Universe,  a  paltry  sham  and  a 
wicked  lie ! 

Most  true  it  certainly  is,  that  for  the  last  thirty  years  much 
ill-feeling  has  sprung  up  between  the  North  and  the  South. 
No  one  can  regret  this  more  than  I  have  done,  and  nothing 
within  the  province  of  a  private  individual  has  been  neglected 
by  me  to  prevent  its  growth  and  avert  its  consequences. 
But  this  ill-feeling  has  sprung  up  quite  as  much  by  the  fault 
of  the  South  as  of  the  North,  and  the  language  of  reproach 
and  irritation  in  which  it  has  found  utterance  has  been  heard 
quite  as  often  and  quite  as  loudly  in  one  section  of  the  coun- 
try as  the  other.  But,  after  all,  there  has  never  been,  on  the 
part  of  the  masses  of  the  people,  North  or  South,  that  degree 
of  sectional  hostility  which  Mr.  Davis  assumes,  in  order  to 
justify  his  attempt  to  overturn  the  government;  there  has 
been  nothing,  he  admits,  which  has  prevented  a  satisfactory 
and  prosperous  administration  of  the  government ;  nothing 
even,  he  might  have  added,  which  has  interfered  with  amica- 
ble social  intercourse,  North  and  South;  nothing  which  pre- 
vented Mr.  Davis  himself,  prior  to  the  last  Presidential  election, 
and  when  he  himself  was  an  aspirant  to  the  Presidency,  from 
passing  a  summer  in  this  greatly  reviled  and  hated  New  Eng- 
land, much  apparently  to  the  mutual  satisfaction  of  himself 
and  friends,  everywhere  received  with  cordial  hospitality,  and 


568  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

repaying,  with  glowing  phrases  of  compliment,  the  ovations 
which  everywhere  attended  his  progress.  In  one  year  after- 
wards, in  less  than  three  months  after  pronouncing  the  eulo- 
gium  just  cited  on  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  and 
without  having  resigned  his  seat  as  a  Senator,  we  find  him  at 
the  head  of  a  revolution  organized  to  overturn  it,  and  shed- 
ding the  best  blood  of  the  country,  North  and  South,  to  com- 
pass this  cruel,  this  nefarious  end.  Perhaps  if  he  had  suc- 
ceeded in  his  canvass  for  the  Presidency,  he  might  have  been 
willing,  if  administered  by  himself,  that  the  people  should  live 
four  years  longer  under  "the  best  government  ever  instituted 
by  man."  If  he  had  himself  reached  the  White  House,  he 
might  have  consented  that  his  fellow-citizens  should  continue 
four  years  longer  to  prosper  beyond  comparison  with  any 
other  people  in  history.  Well  did  Mr.  Vice-President  Ste- 
phens observe,  on  the  14th  of  November,  1860,  that  "the  dis- 
appointment of  ambitious  aspirants  to  office  had  had  much 
to  do  with  bringing  on  the  deplorable  state  of  affairs." 

Such  is  his  declaration  :  and  if  this  assertion  of  the  second 
officer  in  the  Confederacy  is  well  founded ;  if  this  tremendous 
war  has  indeed  in  no  small  degree  been  brought  upon  us  for 
the  reason  stated  by  him ;  if  the  country  has  been  called  to 
stagger  beneath  this  daily  increasing  mountain  load  of  debt ; 
if  our  lawful  commerce  has  been  surrendered  to  the  rovers 
of  the  sea,  fitted  out  with  shameless  cupidity  to  prey  upon  it ; 
if  the  influence  of  our  country,  which  so  lately  held  high  its 
head  in  the  front  rank  of  the  family  of  nations,  has  for  the 
time  being  been  annihilated,  and  foreign  powers  are  already 
treating  us  with  coldness  and  indifference,  watching  and 
waiting  to  see  the  noble  ship  of  state  go  to  pieces  on  the 
breakers  ;  if  the  bones  of  hundreds  and  thousands  of  our 
brethren  are  bleaching  on  the  battle-field ;  if  other  hundreds 
and  other  thousands  are  languishing  with  cruel  wounds  and 
the  diseases  of  the  camp,  mutilated,  broken  down,  premature- 
ly old,  creeping  from  the  wards  of  the  hospital  to  their  last 
bed  in  the  churchyard  ;  if  the  flower  of  our  young  men  North 
and  South  has  been  cut  down ;  if  the  bereaved  and  desolate 
parent,  the  heart-broken  widow,  the  mourning  sister,  the  or- 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  569 

phan  child,  have  been  called  to  swell  this  frightful  sum  of 
human  calamity,  —  if  all  these  numberless  and  nameless  woes 
have  been  brought  upon  the  land,  because  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis 
was  not  nominated  nor  Mr.  John  C.  Breckinridge  chosen 
President,  then,  so  sure  as  Heaven  is  just,  the  tears  of  the 
bereaved,  the  pangs  of  the  wounded,  the  agonies  of  the  dying, 
will  lie  heavy  on  the  souls  of  the  authors  of  these  crimes  and 
woes  ;  their  memories  will  go  down  to  the  execration  of  the 
latest  posterity ;  and  their  names  stand  recorded  on  the  page 
of  history  by  the  side  of  the  Benedict  Arnolds,  the  Catilines, 
the  Judas  Iscariots  of  modern  and  of  ancient  times ! 

On  the  grim  and  bloody  catalogue  which  history  unrolls  to 
teach  and  to  warn  us,  we  read  of  the  merciless  wars  of  the 
Assyrians  and  Chaldeans,  of  the  Medes  and  Persians,  which 
desolated  the  fairest  regions  of  the  earth  in  the  morning  of 
the  world ;  of  the  disastrous  conflicts  of  the  Confederate 
States  of  Greece,  in  which  their  short-lived  prosperity  was 
blasted,  their  cities  razed,  their  fighting  men  massacred  by 
thousands,  their  women  and  children  sold  into  slavery,  —  pro- 
totype, as  far  as  the  laws  of  modern  warfare  permit,  of  the 
ruin  which  awaits  our  Union,  if  the  poison  of  secession  is  ad- 
mitted into  the  veins  of  the  body  politic;  of  the  steadily 
growing  ferocity  and  the  murderous  struggles  of  party  in  the 
Roman  Republic,  passing  through  the  bloody  gates  of  pro- 
scription and  civil  war  to  the  dreary  calm  of  a  merciless  des- 
potism, at  whose  abominations  human  nature  stands  aghast. 
We  read  of  the  contests  which  shook  the  world  between  the 
Mohammedan  and  Christian  powers  in  the  Middle  Ages,  of 
the  secular  wars  of  the  Italian  republics,  of  the  factions  which 
rent  the  vitals  of  England  for  generations,  of  the  wars  of  the 
Reformation,  of  the  Thirty  Years'  War  in  Germany,  of  the 
wars  of  Louis  XIV.  and  the  Spanish  Succession,  of  the  con- 
stantly renewed  struggle  for  the  balance  of  power  in  Europe, 
and  finally  of  the  gigantic  wars  of  the  French  Revolution ; 
but  I  defy  any  one  to  produce  in  all  these  bloody  pages  the 
record  of  a  war  undertaken  to  overthrow  a  government  ad- 
mitted to  be,  by  those  who  levy  the  war,  the  most  perfect,  the 
best  administered,  the   most  productive  of  prosperity  which 


570  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

the  world  has  seen.  That  madness  was  reserved  for  the  an- 
nals of  this  rebellion ;  and  I  do  not  scrapie  to  say,  that,  from 
the  earliest  dates  of  history  to  the  present  time,  there  is  not 
on  record  a  war  so  unprovoked,  so  causeless,  so  unprincipled, 
so  pregnant  with  bootless  suffering  to  all  concerned,  so  de- 
structive of  good,  so  fertile  of  crime  and  woe,  as  the  war  now 
waged  by  the  ambitious  oligarchy  of  the  South  for  the  pur- 
pose of  breaking  up  this  mild  and  beneficent  government. 
We  often  hear  it  said  that  measures  of  compromise,  and 
especially  the  adoption  of  the  Crittenden  Resolutions,  would, 
in  the  winter  of  1860-61,  have  been  accepted  by  the  South, 
and  would  have  prevented  the  war,  and  that  similar  measures, 
if  now  tendered,  would  restore  the  Union.  I  have  no  belief 
of  either.  Never  since  the  war  broke  out  has  there  been  the 
slightest  intimation  that  the  South  would  treat  with  the  Unit- 
ed States,  on  any  other  basis  than  the  recognition  of  the 
Confederacy  and  the  dismemberment  of  the  Union,  —  the 
object  which  for  thirty  years  has  been  steadily  pursued  by  a 
party  in  the  Cotton  States.  To  draw  the  Border  States  and 
especially  Virginia  into  the  same  policy  was  the  great  prob- 
lem to  be  solved  in  the  winter  of  1860-61,  and  with  what 
lamentable  success  the  present  state  of  the  country  but  too 
plainly  attests. 

The  Crittenden  Resolutions,  as  we  all  know,  were  brought 
forward  in  the  Senate  at  the  commencement  of  the  session 
of  1860-61.  They  were  intended,  by  their  venerable  and 
patriotic  mover,  to  afford  a  ground  on  which  the  Border  Slave 
States  could  stand,  solid  enough  to  resist  the  torrent  of  seces- 
sion. I  must  confess  I  was  in  favor  of  them,  or  of  something 
resembling  them  ;  but  it  was  soon  apparent  that  the  Secession 
leaders  were  determined  they  should  not  be  adopted.  They 
were  opposed  at  the  North  by  those  who  deemed  no  further 
concessions  on  the  subject  of  slavery  necessary  or  expedient; 
and  they  were  opposed  by  the  Senators  of  the  cotton-growing 
States,  who  were  not  only  determined  to  accept  for  them- 
selves no  terms  of  compromise,  but  to  prevent,  if  possible,  the 
adoption  of  any  measures  which  would  satisfy  the  Border 
Slave   States.     These  facts  form  the  key  to  the  course  pur- 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  571 

sued  in  the  Senate  on  the  Crittenden  Resolutions.  When  they 
came  up  for  consideration,  Mr.  Clark  of  New  Hampshire 
moved,  as  a  substitute  for  the  entire  series,  a  short  resolution 
to  the  effect  that  the  provisions  of  the  Constitution  itself  were 
adequate  to  the  preservation  of  the  Union,  which  Mr.  Jeffer- 
son Davis  about  the  same  time  had  expressly  admitted  to 
be  the  case.  The  test  question  was  on  the  adoption  of  this 
substitute,  and  this  question  was  taken  on  the  16th  of  Janu- 
ary. The  Senators  from  South  Carolina  had  not  occupied 
their  seats  for  any  part  of  the  session.  Mississippi  seceded 
on  the  9th  of  January,  and  Florida  and  Alabama  on  the  11th; 
after  which  time  the  Senators  from  those  States,  though 
remaining  in  Washington,  were  absent  from  their  places. 
Eight  votes,  which  might  have  been  given  from  the  cotton- 
growing  States  in  favor  of  the  Crittenden  Resolutions,  were 
lost  in  this  way. 

Nor  was  this  the  only,  nor  the  most  significant,  indication 
of  the  wish  of  those  States  to  defeat  a  compromise.  When 
the  question  on  the  adoption  of  the  resolutions  was  about  to 
be  put,  a  motion  was  made  to  postpone  their  consideration. 
It  was  decided  in  the  negative  by  a  vote  of  twenty-five  ayes 
and  thirty  noes,  all  the  Senators  present  from  the  cotton- 
growing  States  voting  with  the .  Senators  from  the  Border 
States  against  the  postponement.  The  test  question  imme- 
diately followed  on  Mr.  Clark's  substitute  for  the  Crittenden 
Resolutions  ;  no  other  business  intervened  ;  nor  a  word  was 
uttered  by  any  member  of  the  Senate ;  and  yet,  to  the  aston- 
ishment of  all  not  in  the  secret,  forty-eight  votes  only  were 
given,  instead  of  fifty-five,  as  on  the  question  immediately 
preceding.  Twenty-five  votes  were  cast  in  favor  of  the  sub- 
stitute of  Mr.  Clark  (being  the  same  votes  which  had  been 
given  for  the  postponement),  and  only  twenty-three  in  favor 
of  the  Crittenden  Resolutions.  Seven  Senators,  who  a  mo- 
ment before  had  voted  with  the  Border  States  against  the 
postponement,  now  omitted  to  vote  at  all.  Mr.  Douglas  was 
one  of  these,  and  stated  to  the  Senate,  a  few  moments  after- 
wards, that  having  been  accidentally  called  out,  he  uninten- 
tionally lost  the  opportunity  of  recording  his  vote  in  favor  of 


572  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

the  Crittenden  Resolutions.  The  other  six  who  withheld 
their  votes  were  from  the  cotton-growing  States.  Thus 
much  appears  from  the  journal  of  the  Senate.  How  and 
why  these  six  votes  were  withheld  shall  be  told  by  Governor 
Johnson,  who  was  a  member  of  the  Senate  at  the  time,  and 
took  an  active  and  patriotic  part  in  the  proceedings.  "  Who 
was  it,"  he  asks,  "  that  defeated  the  compromise  ?  There 
was  one  Judah  Benjamin,  who  stood  right  before  me  in  the 
Senate,  and  when  his  name  was  called  refused  to  vote.  Said 
I  to  him,  'Why  don't  you  vote?'  Turning  round  rather 
abruptly,  he  replied,  '  I  will  not  consult  you  nor  any  other 
Senator  in  reference  to  my  vote.'  I  said,  '  Vote  and  comply 
with  the  Constitution  and  obey  the  rules  of  the  Senate,  and 
show  yourself  an  honest  man.'  "  Five  other  Senators  from 
the  Cotton  States,  Mr.  Slidell  among  the  number,  followed 
Mr.  Benjamin's  example,  and,  though  remaining  in  the  Sen- 
ate, and  not  excused  from  voting,  refused  to  answer  when 
their  names  were  called,  and  so  Mr.  Clark's  substitute  was 
adopted  by  a  majority  of  two.  As  soon  as  the  vote  was 
declared  (says  Governor  Johnson)  a  telegraphic  message  was 
sent  by  Mr.  Benjamin  to  Louisiana,  where  the  question  of 
Secession  was  still  pending,  that  the  Crittenden  Resolutions 
were  lost  and  the  Black  Republicans  were  carrying  every- 
thing before  them.  Had  those  six  Senators  voted,  as  it  was 
their  duty  under  the  rules  of  the  Senate  to  do,  Mr.  Clark's 
substitute  for  the  Crittenden  Resolutions  would  have  failed 
by  a  majority  of  four.  If  the  Senators  from  the  four  seced- 
ing States  had  been  in  their  seats,  this  majority  might  have 
been  increased  to  twelve.  Six  of  them  were  in  Washington, 
but  they  chose  on  the  16th  of  January  not  to  consider  them- 
selves as  competent  to  attend  and  give  their  votes  in  favor  of 
the  Crittenden  Resolutions.  Five  days  later  they  did  con- 
sider themselves  members  sufficiently  to  make  their  appear- 
ance in  the  Senate  Chamber,  and  insult  their  colleagues  by 
going  through  a  concerted  and  ostentatious  ceremony  of 
withdrawal. 

So   much  for  the   failure   of  the    Crittenden    Resolutions. 
This  was  the  test  vote.     It  was  afterwards  reconsidered  on 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  573 

the  motion  of  Mr.  Cameron,  made  from  personal  courtesy  to 
the  venerable  mover  of  the  resolutions.  Earnest  debates  took 
place,  and  various  delays  were  interposed  ;  the  resolutions  of 
the  Peace  Congress  were  at  length  brought  in,  and  adopted 
by  Mr.  Crittenden  in  lieu  of  his  own  resolutions;  the  remain- 
ing Cotton  States  had  seceded,  and  all  hope  of  the  adoption 
of  an  effective  compromise  was  abandoned,  —  not,  however, 
without  the  passage  of  a  resolve,  by  the  requisite  majority  of 
two  thirds  in  both  houses,  proposing  an  amendment  of  the 
Constitution,  to  the  effect  that  no  change  should  hereafter  be 
made  in  that  instrument  adverse  to  the  interests  of  the  South. 
How  little  was  to  be  hoped  from  this  or  any  other  measure 
of  peace  may  be  inferred  from  the  remark  of  a  leading  mem- 
ber of  the  Committee  of  Thirty-three  from  Alabama,  that  if 
the  North  would  tender  the  South  a  blank  sheet  to  write  her 
own  terms  of  compromise,  the  offer  would  not  be  accepted. 

Such  was  the  feeling  of  the  Cotton  States  in  reference  to 
compromise,  when  Secession  was  confined  to  seven  States; 
while  the  organization  of  the  Confederacy  was  only  an  act 
of  meditated  treason  ;  before  a  gun  was  fired  or  a  blow  was 
struck.  Can  any  one  suppose  that,  in  the  present  state  of 
things,  when  the  leaders  have 

"  in  blood 
Stept  in  so  far,  that,  should  they  wade  no  more, 
Returning  were  as  tedious  as  go  o'er," 

those  terms  of  adjustment  would  be  accepted  which  were 
rejected  with  disdain  before  they  had  drawn  the  sword  ?  Let 
the  affected  contempt  with  which  the  organs  of  Southern 
opinion,  official  and  unofficial,  allude  to  the  pacific  tone  that 
has  occasionally  found  utterance  at  the  North  return  an 
answer  to  the  question.* 

No,  my  friends,  there  is  no  alternative  but  to  acknowledge 
the  independence  of  the  Confederacy,  or  to  subdue  the  Re- 
bellion by  the  strong  arm  of  military  power.  To  suppose 
that  there  is  hope  of  any  other  settlement  is  the  grossest 
delusion. 

Can  you  then  recognize  the  independence  of  the  Confed- 

*  See  Appendix. 


574  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

eracy  ?  Remember  that  it  carries  with  it  acknowledged  de- 
feat, in  a  war  of  aggression,  arrogantly  provoked,  by  an 
enemy  notoriously  inferior  in  numbers,  financial  means,  and 
all  the  resources  of  war ;  and  that  a  peace  made  on  that  basis 
would  be  a  standing  invitation,  not  only  to  foreign  powers, 
in  all  our  disputes,  to  disregard  our  rights,  but  to  an  insolent 
antagonist,  flushed  with  triumph,  to  resort,  on  every  future 
occasion  of  controversy  between  the  two  governments,  to 
menace,  insult,  and  invasion.  We  must,  as  showing  the 
character  of  the  antagonist  with  whom  we  have  to  deal,  not 
forget  the  immediate  cause  of  the  present  war,  which  is  too 
apt  to  be  overlooked,  in  consequence  of  the  vast  dimensions 
to  which  the  contest  has  swelled.  It  was  simply  that  Mr. 
Buchanan  refused  to  enter  into  a  negotiation  with  a  deputa- 
tion from  South  Carolina  for  the  cession  or  the  sale  of  Fort 
Sumter.  Now,  on  the  supposition  that  the  demand  of  Caro- 
lina was  as  legitimate  and  reasonable  as  it  was  groundless 
and  absurd,  still  to  rush  at  once  into  a  war  for  such  a  reason 
was  what  might  be  expected  of  a  tribe  of  savages  rather 
than  from  a  community  of  civilized  men.  What!  in  a  time 
of  profound  peace,  and  in  the  face  of  a  disclaimer  on  the  part 
of  the  President  of  any  intention  to  increase  the  garrison  or 
the  armament  of  the  post,  then  occupied  but  by  a  single  com- 
pany, to  open  upon  it,  without  a  shadow  of  provocation,  from 
eleven  batteries ;  to  cannonade  it  with  red-hot  shot,  because 
the  general  government  did  not  see  fit  to  evacuate  it  and  sur- 
render the  public  property,  at  the  first  tap  of  the  rebel  drum 
—  why  it  is  the  work  of  madmen,  sufficient  of  itself  to  justi- 
fy the  reply  of  Judge  Petigru,  who,  when  asked  by  a  stranger 
the  way  to  the  lunatic  asylum,  told  him  he  could  not  go  amiss 
in  South  Carolina.  Can  an  ignominious  peace,  at  the  close 
of  a  war  thus  inaugurated,  lead  to  anything  but  a  renewal  of 
hostilities  on  the  first  paltry  dispute  ? 

Then,  too,  we  must  remember  that  the  recognition  of  the 
Confederacy  is  the  prostration  of  the  government,  and  the 
dismemberment  of  the  territory  of  the  United  States,  over 
which  that  government  is  legally  and  constitutionally  estab- 
lished.    Such  has  rarely,  if  ever,  been   the  case,  at  least  to 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  576 

anything  like  the  same  extent,  in  the  revolutions,  the  civil 
wars,  and  the  rebellions  of  Europe.  Most  of  those  wars  have 
been  dynastic  struggles,  or  contests  to  maintain  the  balance 
of  power,  or  sustain  the  national  influence  and  honor.  Lim- 
ited changes  of  jurisdiction  have  sometimes  followed,  but 
never,  assuredly,  such  a  hideous  territorial  sacrifice  as  this 
rebellion  demands  of  the  government  of  the  United  States. 
Twice  within  the  last  quarter  of  a  century,  and  while  our 
politics  were  controlled  by  the  South,  we  have  been  on  the 
point  of  a  war  with  England  to  maintain  our  right  to  a  corner 
of  the  State  of  Maine,  and  to  an  island  on  the  Pacific  coast 
which,  till  the  difficulty  arose,  was  not  of  consequence  enough 
to  have  been  laid  down  in  the  maps  of  the  region.  We  are 
now  expected  to  give  up  to  a  foreign  power  (and  a  bitterly 
hostile  foreign  power  it  will  be),  and  that  under  the  coercion 
of  a  barbarous  war  waged  upon  a  wretched  metaphysical 
quibble,  half  this  fair  territory  of  the  United  States  ;  a  sea- 
coast  of  near  two  thousand  miles  ;  some  of  the  best  harbors 
and  naval  and  military  stations  of  the  country  ;  the  fortresses 
that  guard  our  coastwise  commerce ;  some  of  the  great  lines 
of  communication  East  and  West,  North  and  South ;  the 
control  of  the  navigation  of  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  and  of  the 
outlet  of  that  great  system  of  internal  waters  which  gives  its 
character  to  the  central  basin  of  the  Continent;  to  give  it  up, 
too,  on  a  principle  in  virtue  of  which  each  and  every  one  of 
the  seceding  States  may  fall  into  the  arms  of  any  European 
power  that  chooses  to  persuade  or  coerce  the  surrender.  To 
suppose  such  a  thing  possible  on  the  part  of  the  United 
States,  except  at  the  last  spasm  of  national  strength,  the  last 
sigh  of  national  honor,  the  last  struggle  of  national  agony, 
would  be  to  apply  to  the  whole  country  Judge  Petigru's  con- 
ception of  the  sanity  of  South  Carolina. 

Can  any  man  look  at  a  map  of  the  Union  and  then  seri- 
ously entertain  the  opinion  that  the  United  States,  brought 
as  I  have  just  said  to  the  very  verge  of  a  war  with  Great 
Britain,  after  a  diplomatic  struggle  of  sixty  years,  for  the 
possession  of  a  few  acres  of  unsettled  land  on  the  banks  of 
the  Aroostook,  are  going  to   permit  a  foreign   power  to  in- 


576  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

trench  itself  at  the  entrance  of  Chesapeake  Bay,  and  possess 
itself  of  all  the  territory  south  of  a  boundary  stretching  west- 
twardly,  wherever  it  chooses  to  draw  the  lines,  over  the  hills, 
through  the  central  plains,  across  the  Rocky  Mountains,  to 
the  setting  sun  ?  What!  a  foreign  power  to  hold  the  strait, 
twelve  miles  wide,  between  Cape  Charles  and  Cape  Henry, 
sure  at  the  first  outbreak  of  border  war  with  the  North  to 
admit  some  hostile  foreign  navy  into  Chesapeake  Bay?  Is 
the  route  by  which  Howe's  army,  in  the  Revolution,  moved 
from  New  York  to  the  conquest  of  Philadelphia  so  soon  for- 
gotten ?  Many  of  you  have  crossed  the  Susquehanna,  the 
noble  river  which  enters  that  bay  at  its  head.  Has  it  occurred 
to  you,  in  connection  with  this  recognition  of  the  Southern 
Confederacy  as  a  foreign  power,  to  ask  yourselves  where  this 
noble  river  rises?  Not  in  Maryland,  the  State  in  which  it  en- 
ters the  bay ;  not  in  Pennsylvania,  or  not  mainly  in  Pennsyl- 
vania, whose  central  valleys  it  clothes  with  beauty  and  abun- 
dance ;  but  far  up  in  the  northeastern  section  of  Central  New 
York.  Many  Bostonians  frequent  Sharon  Springs,  and  while 
there  they  visit  Cooperstown,  the  home  of  our  great  novelist, 
and  Otsego  Lake.  Every  drop  of  water  which  flows  from 
that  lake  to  the  ocean  enters  it  between  Cape  Charles  and 
Cape  Henry.  Cast  another  look  on  the  map,  and  see  that 
magnificent  Baltimore  and  Ohio  Railroad,  the  grandest  piece 
of  engineering  upon  the  Continent,  and  the  noble  Chesapeake 
and  Ohio  Canal,  which  reaches  the  foot  of  the  mountains  by 
its  side.  Besides  the  almost  boundless  travel  and  transpor- 
tation from  the  West,  eight  hundred  thousand  tons  of  coal 
went  from  the  mines  of  Cumberland  to  tide-water,  the  year 
before  the  war,  by  these  two  lines  of  communication.  For 
eighty  or  ninety  miles  this  magnificent  railroad  passes  over 
the  sacred  soil  of  Virginia;  and  the  first  achievement  of  the 
seceding  lords  of  the  soil  was  to  burn  or  blow  up  the  bridges, 
seize  the  locomotives,  tear  up  the  rails  of  the  road,  and  break 
down  the  dams  of  the  canal,  and  thus  cut  off  this  most  im- 
portant line  of  communication  between  the  Atlantic  coast 
and  the  interior.  Nor  was  this  merely  for  military  motives; 
the  Richmond  press   spoke  of  the  railroad  as  a  "nuisance," 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  577 

because  it  competed  with  their  own  tardily  advancing  works 
of  internal  communication.  Are  Ohio  and  the  other  North- 
western States  going  to  hold  one  of  their  chief  routes  to  the 
seaboard  by  this  precarious  tenure  ?  Again :  look  at  the  map, 
and  consider  the  position  of  Key  West,  of  the  Tortugas,  and 
of  Fort  Pickens.  It  was  truly  stated  by  Lieutenant  Maury, 
in  an  official  report  some  years  ago,  that  whoever  commands 
them  controls  the  navigation  of  the  Gulf  of  Mexico.  Are 
you  going  to  resign  these  dominant  stations  to  the  little  for- 
eign State  of  Florida,  whose  whole  population,  white  and 
black,  does  not  equal  that  of  either  of  the  counties  of  Suffolk, 
Middlesex,  Essex,  or  Worcester?  A  puny  State,  which,  if 
the  Confederacy  is  recognized,  is  not  unlikely  in  a  few  years 
to  be  recolonized  by  Spain,  by  the  same  process  which  has 
been  lately  gone  through  at  San  Domingo.  What  is  to  pre- 
vent her,  if  this  notable  doctrine  of  secession  prevails,  from 
leaving  the  Southern  Confederacy  as  she  has  left  the  United 
States,  and  carrying  Key  West,  the  Tortugas,  and  the  island 
of  Santa  Rosa  along  with  her  ?  Look,  finally,  at  the  map 
and  trace  the  course  of  the  mighty  stream  that  drains  the  cen- 
tral basin  of  the  Continent.  Follow  it  from  its  outlet  in  the 
Gulf,  up  the  main  channel,  to  the  junction  with  the  Ohio,  and 
up  that  beautiful  river  to  the  confluence  of  the  Monongahela 
and  the  Alleghany,  the  one  coming  down  from  the  northwest- 
ern corner  of  Virginia,  the  other  from  the  southwestern  cor- 
ner of  New  York ;  then  up  the  Mississippi  itself  a  thousand 
miles  above  the  junction  with  the  Ohio,  with  seven  States 
upon  its  banks,  to  the  highlands  which  divide  its  waters  from 
those  which  flow  into  the  Arctic  Sea ;  then  up  the  Missouri 
two  thousand  miles  to  the  inmost  recesses  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  forming,  with  a  hundred  tributaries,  each  as  large 
as  the  Hudson,  the  grandest  system  of  internal  water  com- 
munication on  the  face  of  the  globe ;  its  banks  occupied  even 
now  by  twelve  loyal  States,  and  ten  millions  of  freemen  who 
own  the  soil  they  till,  destined  in  the  lapse  of  another  half- 
century,  to  say  the  least,  to  double  their  numbers  and  their 
resources ;  make  this  survey,  and  then  tell  me  who  dares,  that 
the  United  States,  to  whom,  on  the  highest  considerations  of 
vol.  iv.  37 


578  INAUGUEATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

national  and  international  policy,  this  imperial  domain  was 
ceded  by  the  first  Napoleon  two  generations  ago,  are  going 
to  give  up  its  portals  to  the  keeping  of  a  foreign  State,  whose 
free  population  is  less  than  three  hundred  and  sixty  thousand, 
and  who,  if  this  wretched  quibble  of  secession  is  recognized  as 
a  part  of  the  Public  Law,  may,  if  she  chooses,  retrocede  her- 
self to  France  to-morrow. 

I  call  it  a  wretched  quibble,  and  a  recent  almost  providen- 
tial disclosure  shows  that  its  authors  consider  it  so  them- 
selves. A  few  months  since  the  despatches  of  the  Confed- 
erate Government  to  their  agents  in  Europe  fell  into  the 
hands  of  one  of  our  cruisers.  From  one  of  them  it  appeared 
that,  in  the  course  of  the  last  summer,  the  French  Vice- Con- 
sul at  Galveston,  without  the  slightest  indirection  or  attempt 
at  concealment,  addressed  a  letter  to  the  Governor  of  Texas, 
inquiring  whether,  in  his  opinion,  it  would  not  promote  the 
prosperity  of  Texas  to  establish  her  separate  independence. 
About  the  same  time,  a  similar  inquiry  was  addressed  by  the 
French  Consular  agent  at  Richmond  to  one  of  the  Texan 
Senators.  This  simple  inquiry,  to  which  a  civil  answer  was 
returned  by  the  Governor  and  Senator  of  Texas,  was  de- 
nounced by  Mr.  Secretary  Benjamin  as  an  act  "of  hostility 
to  the  Confederacy " ;  Mr.  Slidell  was  instructed  to  call  the 
Emperor  Louis  Napoleon  to  account  for  his  alleged  compli- 
city in  this  "intrigue" ;  and  the  unfortunate  vice-consuls  were 
ordered  by  Mr.  Davis  "to  be  expelled  from  the  Confederacy" 
at  twenty-four  hours'  notice.  Steeped  to  the  lips  in  the 
blood  that  he  is  shedding  to  vindicate  the  right  of  a  sov- 
ereign State  to  secede,  he  expels  a  couple  of  foreign  consuls 
from  the  country,  because  they  inquired  of  the  Governor  and 
a  Senator  of  the  State  of  Texas  whether  it  might  not  be  for 
her  interest  to  exercise  that  right! 

So  absurd,  so  flagrantly  insincere,  so  openly  repudiated  by 
its  authors,  are  the  pretexts  of  this  unholy  war.  What  re- 
mains but  that  we  should  strenuously  and  loyally  support 
the  government  of  the  country  in  bringing  it  to  a  victorious 
result?  Peace  on  any  other  terms  will  be  nothing  but  a  hol- 
low truce,  lasting  only  till  fresh  causes  of  controversy  arise 


INAUGUEATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  579 

and  the  means  of  renewed  aggression  and  outrage  are  accu- 
mulated. Toward  the  successful  prosecution  of  the  war 
every  good  citizen  is  bound  to  contribute  to  the  utmost  by 
word  and  deed,  by  personal  service,  if  of  age  to  render  it,  by 
his  counsel,  with  his  purse,  if  need  be  with  his  life.  If  he 
can  do  nothing  else,  let  him  at  least  speak  words  of  patriotic 
cheer,  seeking  to  inspire  the  community  with  confidence,  to 
strengthen  the  arm  of  the  government  in  the  discharge  of  its 
arduous  duties,  and  to  animate  our  brave  fellow-citizens  so 
gallantly  serving  in  the  armies  and  navy  of  the  country. 
What  we  now  want  is,  not  so  much  strength  in  the  field  as 
union  at  home  ;  or  rather,  till  we  have  cordial  union  at  home, 
we  never  shall  have  overwhelming  strength  in  the  field.  Do 
not,  for  Heaven's  sake,  let  us  re-enact  the  fatal  blunder  that 
has  been  committed  by  free  States  since  the  dawn  of  history. 
The  strength  of  Philip  of  Macedon  was  in  the  divided  coun- 
sels of  the  Greeks.  Do  not  let  the  strength  of  the  Rebellion 
be  in  the  want  of  harmony  in  the  loyal  States. 

But  it  may  be  asked,  How  can  men  support  the  Adminis- 
tration in  the  conduct  of  the  war,  if  they  do  not  approve  its 
measures?  How,  I  ask  in  return,  can  any  free  government 
carry  on  a  war,  if  every  one  is  to  stand  aloof  who  does  not 
approve  all  its  measures  ?  That  the  war  must  be  carried  on 
till  the  Rebellion  is  subdued  is  the  all  but  unanimous  senti- 
ment of  the  loyal  States.  It  is  as  much  the  interest  of  the 
South  as  of  the  North  to  hasten  this  consummation,  for  she 
suffers  infinitely  more  than  the  North  by  the  continuance  of 
the  war,  and  there  can  be  no  return  to  a  state  of  general  and 
permanent  prosperity  on  any  other  condition.  That  errors 
will  be  committed,  errors  of  judgment  certainly,  errors  of 
purpose  perhaps,  on  the  part  of  individuals,  is  sure  to  happen  in 
all  wars.  Commanders  of  armies,  members  of  cabinets,  mem- 
bers of  Congress,  Generals,  Secretaries,  and  Presidents  are  fal- 
lible men,  subject  to  like  passions  as  we  are.  I  do  not  at  all 
deny,  that  it  is  our  right  and  duty  to  watch  and  criticise  their 
conduct ;  but  we  must  not  forget  that  critics,  editors,  and  ora- 
tors are  also  fallible.  While  we  sit  in  quiet  and  safety  by  our 
firesides,  and  inveigh  against  those  who  bear  the  heat  and 


580  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

burden  of  the  day,  who  carry  upon  their  shoulders  the  thank- 
less burden  of  official  duty,  and  the  heavy  responsibility  of 
results,  which  often  depend  on  the  elements  and  on  casual- 
ties beyond  human  control,  we  must  keep  in  mind  that  we 
also  have  our  interests,  our  prejudicies,  and  our  passions,  and 
that  it  is  much  easier  to  find  fault  than  to  pursue  any  course 
of  conduct  which  will  escape  censure  in  a  fault-finding  com- 
munity. There  are  two  ways  of  doing  everything;  and 
when  duty  constrains  us  to  find  fault  with  the  shortcomings 
of  our  rulers  and  our  generals,  we  should,  if  possible,  do  it  in 
such  a  manner  as  not  to  give  aid  an  1  comfort  to  the  rulers 
and  generals  of  the  enemy. 

Among  the  patriotic  inculcations  of  Washington's  Fare- 
well Address,  none  are  more  emphatic  than  those  which 
relate  to  the  evils  of  party  spirit,  unavoidable  as  the  existence 
of  party  seems  to  be  in  the  free  States  and  in  prosperous 
times.  Brief  lulls  there  may  be,  as  in  President  Monroe's 
administration ;  but  such  temporary  calms,  as  in  that  case, 
occur  only  after  violent  agitations,  and  are  likely  to  be  fol- 
lowed by  them.  So  inseparable  from  free  government  is  the 
existence  of  party  felt  to  be  in  England,  that,  while  the  Min- 
isters are  styled  Her  Majesty's  Government,  their  opponents 
have  been  called  Her  Majesty's  Opposition.  Every  one,  how- 
ever, must  feel,  that,  even  in  time  of  peace,  the  indiscriminate 
and  vehement  opposition,  which  the  spirit  and  the  policy  of 
party  are  sure  to  make  to  almost  every  important  measure  of 
the  Government,  is  productive  of  embarrassment  and  delay,  of- 
ten of  more  serious  evils  in  the  conduct  of  the  public  business ; 
that  it  makes  public  life  distasteful  to  many  virtuous  citizens 
capable  of  rendering  important  service  to  the  country ;  and 
thus  tends  to  throw  the  management  of  affairs  into  the  hands 
of  unscrupulous  and  unprincipled  men.  All  these  evils  are 
indefinitely  multiplied  and  aggravated  in  a  state  of  war,  with 
the  additional  evil,  far  exceeding  all  the  rest,  that  an  indis- 
criminate opposition,  in  proportion  to  its  vigor  and  warmth, 
paralyzes  the  arm  of  your  own  government,  and  strengthens 
that  of  the  common  enemy. 

The  existing  administration  came  into  office  in  the  result 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  581 

of  a  strenuous  party  contest,  and  it  was  therefore  natural  that 
it  should  be  organized  on  a  purely  party  basis.  Could  it 
have  been  foreseen  that  in  less  than  six  weeks  the  country 
would  be  plunged  into  a  contest  which  would  task  to  the 
utmost  all  its  strength  and  require  the  employment  of  all  its 
resources,  material  and  moral,  the  attempt  perhaps  would 
have  been  made  to  place  the  administration  on  a  broader 
basis.  This,  however,  could  not  be  foreseen ;  and  the  Pres- 
ident has  not  yet  found  it  practicable,  or  if  practicable  not 
expedient,  as  far  as  civil  affairs  are  concerned,  to  assume  a 
position  independent  of  party.  Efforts  in  fact  have  been 
made,  in  the  highest  quarter,  to  induce  him  to  organize  the 
Executive  on  a  still  narrower  party  basis.  Meantime  it  must 
in  justice  be  stated,  that  the  administration  has  been  as  lib- 
erally supported  by  those  who  did  not  as  by  those  who  did 
contribute  to  place  it  in  power,  and  as  formidably  assailed  by 
its  nominal  adherents  as  by  its  reputed  opponents.  I  belonged, 
I  need  not  say,  to  the  latter  class ;  not  that  I  was  much  of 
a  Bell  and  Everett  man,  for  if,  in  parliamentary  phrase,  it  had 
been  possible  to  divide  the  question,  I  should  have  voted 
against  the  candidate  for  the  Vice- Presidency  on  that  ticket. 
I  did  all  in  my  power  to  prevent  his  nomination,  and  to  get  him 
excused  when  it  was  made.  I  admit,  however,  that,  with- 
out being  much  of  a  partisan,  I  belonged  to  the  President's 
opposition.  But  what  then  ?  There  is  a  loyalty  in  opposi- 
tion as  well  as  a  loyalty  of  support.  Shall  I,  because  I  am 
not  a  political  supporter  of  the  administration,  sit  quietly  by 
and  see  the  government  overturned  and  the  country  dismem- 
bered? Because  we  did  not  vote  for  Mr.  Lincoln's  adminis- 
tration, must  we  hold  back  from  the  vigorous  prosecution  of 
the  war,  which  is  to  prevent  Mr.  Davis  from  installing  himself 
at  Washington  ?  Because  we  may  disapprove  of  the  removal 
of  General  McClellan,  shall  we  do  what  we  can  to  paralyze 
the  arm  of  his  successor?  Such  has  not  been  the  course  of 
General  McClellan  himself.  When  he  was  abruptly  relieved 
from  his  command,  after  having,  —  with  an  army  disheart- 
ened by  recent  reverses,  and  which  he,  in  the  language  of  the 
Confederate  General  Lee,  reorganized  as  with  "  the  enchant- 


582  INAUGURATION    OP    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

er's  wand,"  — in  two  nobly  fought  battles,  rescued  Washing- 
ton and  Baltimore  from  menaced  capture,  and  preserved 
Maryland  to  the  Union,  instead  of  using  the  language  of  dis- 
affection or  even  complaint,  he  exhorted  the  army,  by  which 
he  was  idolized,  to  be  as  faithful  to  General  Burnside  as  it  had 
been  to  him.  Because  we  may  doubt  the  policy  of  the 
Proclamations  of  the  22d  September  and  1st  January,  shall 
we,  as  far  as  in  us  lies,  co-operate  with  the  oligarchy  of  the 
seceding  States  in  forcing  their  "  peculiar  institution "  into 
the  unoccupied  territory  of  the  Union;  in  reopening  the  Af- 
rican slave-trade,  for  which  their  diplomacy  is  already  mak- 
ing what  it  deems  astute  preparation ;  in  overturning  this 
most  admirable  Constitution  of  government,  which  in  the 
intention  of  its  venerable  and  patriotic  founders,  South  as 
well  as  North,  contemplated  only  the  temporary  toleration 
and  gradual  disappearance  of  involuntary  servitude ;  and  in 
establishing,  and  that  at  the  cost  of  a  desolating  civil  war,  a 
new  Confederacy  on  the  corner-stone  of  Slavery  ? 

But  it  may  be  asked,  again,  How  can  we  support  an  ad- 
ministration which  adopts  measures  that  we  deem  unconsti- 
tutional ?  I  should  certainly  be  a  very  unfaithful  pupil  of  the 
political  school  in  which  I  was  trained,  if  I  could  ever  hear 
the  sacred  name  of  the  Constitution  justly  invoked  without 
respect,  or  yield  to  it  anything  less  than  implicit  obedience. 
It  is,  however,  as  great  an  error  to  appeal  to  it  where  it  does 
not  apply  as  to  disregard  it  where  it  does ;  and  I  must  say 
that  the  study  of  our  political  history  ought  to  teach  us  cau- 
tion in  this  respect ;  for,  from  the  formation  of  the  govern- 
ment in  1789  to  the  present  day,  there  has  not  been  an  im- 
portant controverted  measure  —  no,  not  one  —  which  its  party 
opponents  have  not  denounced  as  unconstitutionsl.  It  is  one 
of  the  doctrines  of  the  seceding  school,  that  the  government 
of  the  United  States  cannot  constitutionally  wage  war  against 
a  sovereign  State.  But  how  if  the  sovereign  State  strikes 
the  first  blow,  fires  on  your  vessels,  bombards  and  captures 
your  forts,  threatens  your  capital,  and  invades  the  loyal  mem- 
bers of  the  Union  who  refuse  to  join  in  the  war  of  aggres- 
sion ?     Few,   I  suppose,  will  doubt  that  the  United  States 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  583 

may  constitutionally  wage  a  war  of  self-defence  against  any 
enemy,  domestic  or  foreign.  But  in  waging  this  war  of  self- 
defence,  we  cannot,  in  the  opinion  of  some  persons  with 
whom  I  have  usually  acted,  and  whose  judgment  I  greatly 
respect,  go  beyond  the  powers  specially  granted  by  the  Con- 
stitution to  the  general  government,  for  the  purposes  of  ordi- 
nary administration  in  time  of  peace.  This  opinion  seems  to 
me  to  rest  on  a  misconception  of  the  authority  under  which 
war  is  waged.  The  Constitution  authorizes  Congress  to 
declare  war,  to  raise  and  support  armies,  and  to  provide  and 
maintain  a  navy  ;  and  it  clothes  the  President  with  the  power 
of  commander-in-chief.  It  goes  no  further.  It  prescribes 
nothing  as  to  the  enemy  against  whom,  the  measures  by 
which,  nor  the  ends  for  which  the  war  may  be  carried  on.  It 
gives  no  more  power  to  wage  war  with  a  foreign  State  than 
with  a  domestic  State;  and  it  is  as  silent  on  the  subject  of 
blockading  the  ports  as  of  seizing  the  cotton  or  of  emanci- 
pating the  slaves  of  a  district  in  rebellion.  The  rights  of  war 
belong  to  the  more  comprehensive,  in  some  respects  the  higher 
code  of  international  law,  to  which  not  the  government  of  the 
United  States  alone,  but  all  civilized  governments  are  amena- 
ble. By  that  august  code,  all  unjust  wars  are  forbidden,  and 
all  unjust  modes  of  waging  just  wars,  no  matter  who  may 
be  the  enemy  or  what  the  pretext ;  while  by  the  same  code, 
all  just  wars,  and  eminently  all  wars  of  self-defence,  and  all 
warlike  measures  sanctioned?  by  our  Christian  civilization  are 
permitted,  unless  so  far  as  they  may  be  expressly  prohibited 
by  the  municipal  law  of  our  own  country. 

Now,  to  say  that  no  just  war  can  be  waged  against  any  but 
a  foreign  power  is  simply  begging  the  question.  I  cannot 
conceive  a  proposition  more  extravagant  than  that  provocation 
the  most  offensive,  and  acts  of  aggression  the  most  intolerable, 
which  would  in  every  sane  man's  judgment  authorize  instant 
hostilities  against  a  foreign  State,  must  be  tamely  borne  if 
committed  under  the  pretended  authority  of  a  State  asso- 
ciated with  others  in  a  federal  union.  Certainly,  if  any  State 
connected  with  the  British  Government,  by  whatever  relation, 
whether  that  of  constitutional  union,  as  Scotland  and  Ireland, 


584  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

or  responsible  colonial  government,  like  the  Anglo-American 
provinces,  or  some  more  absolute  form  of  political  dependence, 
had  after  years  of  preparation,  public  and  private,  the  organ- 
ization and  training  of  troops  and  the  purchase  of  arms  ; 
eventually  by  more  definite  military  measures,  such  as  the 
construction  and  armament  of  forts  and  the  concentration  of 
soldiers ;  and  finally  by  overt  acts,  firing  upon  provision-ships 
sent  to  supply  the  imperial  garrisons,  the  bombardment  of  the 
national  forts,  and  the  capture  of  the  troops  by  which  they 
were  held,  the  seizure  of  arsenals,  mints,  custom-houses,  navy- 
yards,  and  revenue  cutters,  —  levied  actual  war  against  the 
central  government,  any  person  who  should  deny  the  author- 
ity of  that  government,  by  every  means  which  the  law  of 
nations  permits,  to  wage  a  war  not  only  till  the  national  prop- 
erty was  recovered,  but  till  the  outrage  was  chastised,  and 
effectual  security  obtained  that  it  would  never  be  repeated, 
would,  in  any  country  but  this,  be  deemed  a  driveller. 

Even  if  it  were  true  that  the  Constitution  required  a  differ- 
ent mode  of  carrying  on  war  in  the  cases  of  a  foreign  and 
domestic  enemy,  which  it  certainly  does  not,  the  people  of 
the  seceding  States  not  only  claim  to  be  foreigners,  but  we 
are  compelled,  by  the  magnitude  of  the  forces  engaged,  and 
by  the  course  of  the  great  maritime  powers  in  recognizing 
them  as  belligerents,  to  regard  them  ourselves  in  that  light. 
Instead  of  punishing  them  as  traitors  and  rebels  when  they 
fall  into  our  hands,  as  the  municipal  law  of  our  own  and  of 
all  other  countries,  and  their  practice,  too,  would  warrant  us 
in  doing,  we  treat  them  of  necessity  as  alien  enemies.  Pris- 
oners are  exchanged  and  paroled,  flags  of  truce  sent  and 
received ;  and  they  enjoy  in  all  respects  the  privileges  and  are 
subject  to  all  the  obligations,  which  by  the  Law  of  Nations 
pertain  to  public  war.  These  privileges  and  these  obligations 
are  not  defined  by  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  but 
by  the  International  Code.  It  is  this,  and  not  the  municipal 
law,  which  authorizes  the  blockade  of  the  ports,  the  occupa- 
tion of  the  cities,  and  the  invasion  of  the  territory  of  the 
seceding  States ;  and  it  would  be  a  strange  inconsequence  to 
hold  that  the  same  persons  could  as  citizens  of  the  United 


INAUGURATION    OF'THE    UNION    CLUB.  585 

States,  though  in  rebellion,  demand  the  privileges  guaranteed 
by  the  Constitution,  while  as  alien  enemies  they  are  exempted 
from  the  penalties  of  treason. 

Suppose  our  misunderstandings  with  Spain,  a  few  years 
ago,  had  culminated  in  a  declaration  of  war  on  her  part 
against  the  United  States,  and  the  sovereign  State  of  Florida, 
but  lately  a  Spanish  colony,  in  virtue  of  this  wonder-working 
doctrine  of  secession,  had  thought  fit  to  withdraw  from  the 
Union,  carrying  with  her  Key  West,  the  Tortugas,  and  Fort 
Pickens,  and  had  formed  an  alliance,  offensive  and  defensive, 
with  Spain.  Would  any  one  doubt  that  the  United  States 
could,  without  violating  the  Constitution,  invade  Florida  in 
order  to  recover  the  public  property, — the  islands,  the  forts, 
and  the  national  establishments  thus  seized;  to  repel  the 
enemy;  to  chastise  these  acts  of  hostility  to  the  national 
government,  and  to  take  effectual  security  that  they  should 
not  be  repeated?  Would  not  the  government  of  the  United 
States,  without  violating  the  Constitution,  be  authorized  to 
do  precisely  the  same  things  in  Florida  as  in  Cuba  ?  Would 
not,  for  instance,  the  arming  and  the  employing  of  the  slaves 
in  this  just  war,  as  allies  inured  to  the  climate  and  acquainted 
with  the  country,  be  as  legitimate  on  one  side  of  the  Gulf  of 
Florida  as  on  the  other ;  and  would  not  their  employment 
under  the  authority  of  the  United  States  and  the  control  and 
direction  of  its  officers,  instead  of  tending  to  a  servile  war 
and  the  massacre  of  the  unarmed  and  defenceless  (at  which 
humanity  revolts),  be  the  surest  means  of  preventing  such 
barbarities,  and  reducing  this  frightful  element  of  danger 
within  the  limits  of  Christian  warfare?  Deprecating  as  I  do 
beyond  the  power  of  words  to  express  the  heart-sickening 
horrors  of  a  servile  insurrection,  nothing  has  seemed  to  me  so 
likely  to  prevent  its  occurrence,  as  to  subject  the  colored  pop- 
ulation in  those  parts  of  the  country  where  war  is  carried  on 
and  where  the  danger  of  such  a  calamity  is  greatest,  to  the 
restraints  of  military  discipline  and  the  control  of  responsible 
authority. 

But  it  is  time  to  draw  this  discussion  to  a  close.  War  is 
justly  regarded  as  one  of  the  greatest  evils  that  can  befall  a 


586  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

nation,  though  it  is  not  the  greatest,  and  of  this  great  evil 
civil  war  is  the  most  deplorable  form.  Thus  far,  it  is  true, 
we  have  the  satisfaction  of  reflecting,  notwithstanding  the 
barbarities  inflicted  upon  Union  men  in  the  seceding  States, 
that  the  contest  has  been  carried  on  without  the  atrocities 
which  have  been  too  apt,  in  all  ages  and  countries,  to  mark 
the  progress  of  civil  war.  Still  it  is  a  dire  calamity.  I  want 
words  to  express  the  sorrow  with  which  from  the  first  I  have 
contemplated,  and  unceasingly  contemplate,  the  necessity 
laid  upon  us,  to  wage  this  war  for  the  integrity  of  the  Na- 
tion. I  recoiled  from  it  to  the  last.  Few  persons,  I  think, 
have  entertained  visions  more  glowing  of  the  amount  of 
blessings  stored  up  for  the  latest  posterity  in  the  perpetual 
Union  of  the  States.  I  had  seen  them  already  expanded 
from  sixteen  States  and  four  million  inhabitants,  which  were 
the  numbers  at  the  time  of  my  birth,  to  a  family  of  thirty- 
four  States  and  a  population  augmented  eightfold;  and  rea- 
son and  imagination  were  alike  tasked  to  find  a  limit  to  the 
natural  growth  of  the  country.  But  numbers  and  space  are 
but  the  relation  of  material  things.  I  saw  exemplified  in 
this  Western  world,  long  hidden,  and  late  revealed,  the  idea 
of  a  form  of  government  as  nearly  perfect  as  our  frail  nature 
admits,  —  prodigal  of  blessings  to  the  millions  now  on  the 
stage,  and  promising  a  share  in  the  same  rich  inheritance  to 
the  millions  on  millions  that  should  follow  us.  I  grew  up 
beneath  the  shadow  of  our  beautiful  flag,  and  often,  when  I 
have  seen  it  floating  on  distant  seas,  my  heart  has  melted  at 
the  thought  of  the  beloved  and  happy  land  whose  union  was 
emblazoned  on  its  streaming  folds.  On  a  hundred  festive 
and  patriotic  occasions  my  voice  has  dwelt  —  would  it  had 
been  more  worthily  —  on  the  grateful  theme  ;  and  my  prayer 
to  Heaven  has  been,  that  it  might  be  hushed  in  death,  rather 
than  it  should  be  compelled  to  abandon  that  auspicious  strain. 
Not  without  deep  solicitude  I  saw  the  angry  clouds  gather- 
ing in  the  horizon  North  and  South ;  and  I  devoted  the  de- 
clining years  of  my  life,  with  a  kind  of  religious  consecration, 
to  the  attempt  to  freshen  the  sacred  memories  that  cluster 
round  that  dear  and  venerated  name  which  I  need  not  repeat, 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  587 

—  memories  which  had  survived  the  multiplying  causes  of 
alienation,  and  were  so  well  calculated  to  strengthen  the 
cords  of  the  Union.  To  these  humble  efforts,  and  the  time 
and  labor  expended  upon  them,  —  truly  a  labor  of  love,  —  I 
would,  as  Heaven  is  my  witness,  have  cheerfully  added  the 
sacrifice  of  my  life,  if  by  so  doing  I  could  have  averted  the 
catastrophe.  For  that  cause,  I  should  have  thought  a  few 
care-worn  and  weary  years  cheaply  laid  on  the  altar  of  my 
country. 

But  it  could  not  be.  A  righteous  Providence  in  its  wis- 
dom has  laid  upon  us  —  even  upon  us  —  the  performance  of 
this  great  and  solemn  duty.  It  is  now  plain  to  the  dullest 
perception,  that  the  hour  of  trial  could  not  be  much  longer 
delayed.  The  leaders  of  the  Rebellion  tell  us  themselves 
that  they  had  plotted  and  planned  it  for  an  entire  generation. 
It  might  have  been  postponed  for  four  years  or  for  eight 
years,  but  it  was  sure  in  no  long  time  to  come  ;  and  if,  by 
base  compliance,  we  could  have  turned  the  blow  from  our- 
selves, it  would  have  fallen  with  redoubled  violence  on  our 
children. 

Let  us,  then,  meet  it  like  men.  It  must  needs  be  that 
offences  shall  come,  but  woe  unto  that  man  by  whom  the 
offence  cometh.  Let  us  show  ourselves  equal  to  the  duty 
imposed  upon  us,  and  faithful  to  the  trust  to  which  we  are 
called.  The  cause  in  which  we  are  engaged  is  the  cause  of 
the  Constitution  and  the  Law,  of  civilization  and  freedom, 
of  man  and  of  God.  Let  us  engage  in  it  with  a  steadiness 
and  fortitude,  a  courage  and  a  zeal,  a  patience  and  a  resolu- 
tion, a  hope  and  a  cheer,  worthy  of  the  fathers  from  whom 
we  are  descended,  of  the  country  we  defend,  and  of  the  priv- 
ileges we  inherit.  There  is  a  call  and  a  duty,  a  work  and  a 
place,  for  all ;  —  for  man  and  for  woman,  for  rich  and  for 
poor,  for  old  and  for  young,  for  the  stout-hearted  and  strong- 
handed,  for  all  who  enjoy  and  all  who  deserve  to  enjoy  the 
priceless  blessings  at  stake.  Let  the  venerable  forms  of  the 
Pilgrim  Fathers,  the  majestic  images  of  our  Revolutionary 
sires,  and  of  the  sages  that  gave  us  this  glorious  Union  ;  let  the 
anxious  expectation  of  the  Friends  of  Liberty  abroad,  awa- 


588  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

kened  at  last  to  the  true  cause  and  the  great  issues  of  this 
contest ;  let  the  hardships  and  perils  of  our  brethren  in  the 
field,  and  the  fresh-made  graves  of  the  dear  ones  who  have 
fallen ;  let  every  memory  of  the  past  and  every  hope  of  the 
future,  every  thought  and  every  feeling,  that  can  nerve  the 
arm,  or  fire  the  heart,  or  elevate  and  purify  the  soul  of  a 
patriot,  —  rouse  and  guide  and  cheer  and  inspire  us  to  do, 
and,  if  need  be,  to  die,  for  our  Country ! 


APPENDIX. 


THE  DISUNION  POLICY  OF  THE  COTTON  STATES,  AND  THE  PROCEEDINGS 
IN  THE  SENATE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES  ON  THE  CRITTENDEN  RES- 
OLUTIONS. 

It  will  not,  I  suppose,  be  expected  of  me,  in  this  place,  to  enter  at  length 
into  controversy  on  the  subject  of  my  Address.  I  shall,  however,  briefly 
reply  to  the  exceptions  which  have  been  taken  to  two  of  my  statements. 

One  is,  that  the  dismemberment  of  the  Union  is  "  a  policy  which  had 
been  steadily  pursued  by  the  Cotton  States  for  thirty  years."  This  has 
been  called  a  sweeping  assertion  inconsistent  with  facts  with  which  we  are 
all  familiar.  The  facts  alluded  to  are  the  votes  which,  during  the  last  thirty 
years,  have  been  given  at  the  South  for  candidates  who  cannot  be  suspected 
of  favoring  the  dismemberment  of  the  Union ;  —  votes,  it  is  urged,  which 
exhibit  "  no  symptom  of  unanimity  of  action  for  any  specific  purpose,  much 
less  for  dismemberment  of  the  Union." 

No  one,  I  suppose,  would  have  dissented  from  my  proposition  if  I  had 
stated  it  in  these  words  :  "  The  policy  of  dismemberment  has  been  steadily 
pursued  for  thirty  years,  in  the  cotton-growing  States,  till  it  has  resulted  in 
the  accomplishment  of  that  object."  This,  however,  was  precisely  what  I 
meant.  I  could  not  be  supposed  to  be  ignorant  of  facts  with  which  "  all 
are  familiar,"  or  in  the  face  of  those  facts  to  maintain  that  the  Cotton  States 
had  been  "  unanimous  "  on  the  subject  of  dismemberment  or  anything  else. 
The  existence  of  a  Union  party  in  the  cotton-growing  States,  down  even 
to  the  outbreak  of  the  Rebellion,  was  distinctly  recognized  by  me  in  the 
early  part  of  my  address.  The  process  was  necessarily  gradual  in  the  indi- 
vidual State,  and  still  more  so  with  reference  to  concerted  action  with  other 
States.  In  South  Carolina  the  disunion  policy  did  reach  the  point  of  organ- 
ized State  action  as  early  as  1832.  One  of  the  leaders  in  the  seceding 
Convention  in  1860  said,  "We  have  this  day  consummated  the  work  of 
forty  years."     There  was  a  patriotic  minority  headed  by  Poinsett,  Petigru, 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  589 

and  Grimke,  who  opposed  this  mad  policy,  but  that  did  not  make  it  the 
less  true  that  the  State  was  pursuing  it,  and  that  up  to  the  very  verge  of 
civil  war.  It  was  checked  at  the  time  by  the  Force  Bill  and  General  Jack- 
son's coercive  demonstrations,  followed  by  Mr.  Clay's  compromise  ;  but  the 
agitation  was  soon  transferred  from  the  Tariff  to  the  Slavery  question,  both 
being  declared  by  General  Jackson,  thirty  years  ago,  to  be  mere  "  pretexts," 
while  "  the  real  objects  were  disunion  and  a  Southern  Confederacy."  The 
usual  machinery  was  put  in  motion  on  this  new  issue,  not  only  in  South 
Carolina,  but  throughout  the  cotton-growing  States.  Inflammatory  resolu- 
tions were  passed  by  State  legislatures ;  delegates  were  sent  to  disunion 
caucuses  held  under  the  name  of  Commercial  Conventions ;  the  elections 
turned  more  and  moi'e  on  the  doctrine  of  State  Rights,  which,  in  the  vocab- 
ulary of  the  cotton-growing  States,  meant  the  right  of  secession  ;  members 
of  Congress  from  those  States  asserted  that  right  in  the  most  defiant  man- 
ner, and  leading  journals  assiduously  fanned  the  flames.  This  line  of  opera- 
tion is  not  only  consistent  with  the  existence  of  a  Union  party,  but  was 
rendered  necessary  by  it.  If  the  cotton-growing  States  had  been  unan- 
imous, as  I  am  supposed  to  have  stated,  it  would  of  course  not  have  required 
thirty  years  to  bring  on  the  crisis ;  but  that  the  resolution  to  effect  that  ob- 
ject was  taken  in  the  Cotton  States  more  than  thirty  years  ago,  and  steadily 
pursued  to  its  accomplishment,  is  not  only,  I  conceive,  as  certain  as  any- 
thing in  contemporary  political  history,  but  is  matter  of  boast,  on  the  part 
of  some  of  its  most  active  promoters  at  the  present  day.  I  would  request 
any  one  who  doubts  the  substantial  accuracy  of  this  statement  to  read  the 
"  Partisan  Leader,"  a  political  Romance,  written  by  Professor  Beverly  Tuck- 
er, of  William  and  Mary  College,  submitted  to  Mr.  Calhoun  in  manuscript, 
and  privately  printed  by  General  Duff  Green,  in  1836,  with  the  fictitious 
date  of  1856,  and  soon  suppressed. 

Among  the  facts  alleged  against  my  statement,  I  have  been  rather  re- 
proachfully reminded,  that  Virginia,  in  1860,  voted  for  Bell  and  Everett. 
How  this  tends  to  disprove  my  assertion  relative  to  the  disunion  policy  of 
the  cotton-growing  States,  I  do  not  see.  I  do,  however,  see  in  it  an  addi- 
tional reason  why  those  States,  as  I  alleged,  should  especially  desire  to  win 
over  Virginia  to  that  policy. 

The  other  statement  in  my  Address,  to  which  exception  has  been  taken 
and  earnestly  pressed,  relates  to  the  proceedings  in  the  Senate  of  the  United 
States  in  1860-61  on  the  Crittenden  Resolutions.  I  do  not  understand 
that  the  accuracy  of  my  narrative  of  facts  is  questioned,  but  I  am  charged 
with  omitting  other  facts  which  entirely  change  the  aspect  of  the  case, 
relieving  the  Senators  from  the  cotton-growing  States  from  the  responsi- 
bility of  defeating  those  resolutions,  and  placing  it  on  the  Republican  Sena- 
tors. The  facts  which  I  am  supposed  to  have  omitted  are,  that  the  Republi- 
can Senators  voted  against  those  resolutions,  while  Messrs.  Davis  and  Toombs, 
leading  Senators  from  the  Cotton  States,  had,  according  to  Mr.  Douglas, 
declared  that  they  would  be  satisfied  with  them. 


590  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

The  first  of  these  facts  was  not  omitted  by  me.  In  my  necessarily  brief 
narrative  of  proceedings  which  occupied  much  of  the  time  of  the  Senate 
during  the  whole  session,  I  stated  that  the  Crittenden  Resolutions  were  op- 
posed by  those  at  the  North,  who  deemed  no  further  concessions  on  the  sub- 
ject of  slavery  necessary  or  expedient  (meaning  of  course  the  Republican 
Senators)  ;  that  a  substitute  for  them  was  moved  by  Mr.  Clark,  of  New 
Hampshire  (well  known  as  a  prominent  Republican  Senator),  and  I  gave  the 
vote  on  the  test  question,  by  which  the  substitute  was  carried  and  the  res- 
olutions were  rejected.  But  it  is  most  true,  that  I  made  no  allusion  to  the 
statement  of  Judge  Douglas  to  the  effect  that  Messrs.  Davis  and  Toombs 
had  declared,  in  the  Committee  of  Thirteen,  that  they  would  accept  the  Crit- 
tenden Resolutions,  if  tendered  and  sustained  by  the  Republican  Senators, 
and  consequently  that  the  latter,  and  not  the  Senators  from  the  Cotton 
States,  were,  in  his  judgment,  responsible  for  their  defeat. 

Now,  on  a  point  of  this  kind,  Judge  Douglas  was  not  in  a  condition  to 
give  an  impartial  opinion.  He  had  just  come  out  of  a  strenuous  political 
contest  for  the  Presidency,  in  which  he  had  been  unsuccessful.  The  Repub- 
lican party  charged  him,  in  the  progress  of  that  contest,  with  having  pur- 
sued a  course  on  the  Kansas-Nebraska  affair  which  was  the  immediate  cause 
of  the  existing  crisis ;  and  he  now  retaliated  by  throwing  on  them  the  re- 
sponsibility of  the  defeat  of  the  Crittenden  Resolutions.  In  this  I  did  not 
and  do  not  concur  with  him. 

With  respect  to  the  supposed  willingness  of  Messrs.  Davis  and  Toombs, 
and  the  other  Senators  from  the  cotton-growing  States,  "  to  accept "  the 
Crittenden  Resolutions,  it  was  purely  illusory,  nor  does  it  appear  to  have 
been  regarded  in  any  other  light  on  either  side  of  the  Senate.  I  do  not 
find  any  notice  of  it,  as  affording  aid  to  the  solution  of  the  question,  by  any 
subsequent  speaker.  It  is  not,  for  instance,  alluded  to  by  Mr.  Crittenden, 
in  his  earnest  appeal  to  Senators  to  unite  in  this  adjustment.  If  he  had 
believed  that  there  was  anything  substantial  in  it,  he  would  not  have  failed 
to  urge  it  as  a  powerful  argument,  why  the  extreme  North  should  be  willing 
to  meet  the  extreme  South  on  his  resolutions,  as  a  common  ground  of  set- 
tlement. 

If  Messrs.  Davis,  Toombs,  and  their  associates  from  the  cotton-growing 
States,  were  willing  to  accept  the  Crittenden  Resolutions  as  a  final  settle- 
ment, why  did  they  not  vote  for  them  ?  They  could  have  carried  them  by 
a  majority  of  twelve,  and  there  was  no  reason  why  they  should  not  vote  for 
them,  as  well  as  Messrs.  Hunter  and  Mason,  and  the  other  Senators  from  the 
border  Slave  States.  What  availed  some  vague  expression  of  satisfaction 
with  these  resolutions,  on  the  part  of  the  Senators  from  the  cotton-growing 
States,  when  partly  by  absenting  themselves,  and  partly  by  refusing  to  vote, 
they  allowed  them  to  be  defeated  V 

These  resolutions  were  moved  by  their  venerable  author  as  a  compromise. 
What  sort  of  a  compromise  is  that,  to  which  one  of  the  parties,  while  vague- 
ly professing  a  qualified  and  illusory  adhesion,  refuses  the   support  of  his 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  591 

vote  ?  But  even  in  Mr.  Douglas's  statement,  this  is  the  only  adhesion 
which  Messrs.  Davis  and  Toombs  promised.  They  would  not  and  did  not 
themselves  vote  for  these  resolutions,  but  they  would  "  accept "  them,  not  if 
passed  in  the  usual  form  of  legislative  action  by  the  Senate,  but  if  "  tendered 
and  sustained  by  the  Republican  members."  The  latter  were  not  to  be 
allowed  to  do  what  the  seceders  actually  did  a  few  days  after,  namely,  stand 
by  and  leave  the  resolutions  to  be  adopted  on  their  merits.  The  seceders 
would  only  "  accept  them  as  a  final  settlement  of  the  controversy,  if  ten- 
dered and  sustained  by  the  Republican  members." 

The  circumstances  under  which  this  gracious  offer  was  made  necessarily 
rendered  it  altogether  illusory.  The  State  of  Mississippi  (Mr.  Davis's  State) 
had  formally  resolved  that,  if  a  Republican  President  were  chosen,  she 
would  concert  with  her  sister  States  the  measures  of  resistance  to  be  adopted. 
South  Carolina  had  actually  broken  from  the  Union,  had  seized  the  custom- 
house and  post-office,  was  making  military  preparations  to  seize  the  forts, 
and,  a  week  before  the  vote  on  the  Crittenden  Resolutions  was  taken,  had 
fired  on  the  "  Star  of  the  West,"  that  is,  had  levied  actual  war  against  the 
United  States.  Messrs.  Iverson,  Benjamin,  and  Wigfall  had  declared  in  the 
strongest  terms,  in  the  Senate,  that  their  three  States  would  infallibly  follow 
suit,  and  that  it  was  "  too  late  "  for  compromise.  Mr.  Davis,  in  a  carefully 
prepared  speech,  had  maintained  that  no  legislative  measures  or  amend- 
ments of  the  Constitution  would  be  of  any  avail,  without  a  change  in  the 
temper  of  the  people  of  the  Free  States,  —  a  speech  manifestly  intended, 
in  advance,  to  preclude  the  healing  effect  of  any  measures  of  conciliation  ; 
and  Mr.  Toombs,  in  a  speech  of  singular  ferocity  and  bitterness,  had  set 
forth  the  unalterable  determination  of  Georgia  to  leave  the  Union.  To 
expect,  under  these  circumstances,  that  the  Republican  party,  which  had 
just  prevailed  in  a  strenuous  canvass  in  which  all  the  States  had  taken  part, 
would  "  tender  and  sustain  "  a  series  of  resolutions  which  (though  not  so 
intended  by  their  venerable  mover)  were  regarded  by  themselves  and  their 
seceding  opponents  as  a  rebuke  of  their  party  and  of  their  platform,  and 
which  were  to  "  be  accepted  "  by  those  who  were  daily  addressing  them  in 
the  language  of  scorn  and  detestation,  as  a  proof  of  change  of  heart  on  the 
part  of  themselves  and  their  constituents,  is  really  asking  too  much  of  poor 
human  nature.  Certainly,  I  wish  that  the  Republican  Senators  could  at 
least  have  allowed  the  resolutions  to  pass,  though  that  was  not  what  was 
imperiously  demanded  of  them.  It  is  not  my  duty  to  defend  them,  in  any- 
thing they  did  or  forbore  to  do  ;  but  I  do  not  believe  that  any  person,  not 
even  the  patriotic  mover  of  the  resolutions,  in  his  most  sanguine  mood, 
expected  that  as  a  party  they  would,  or  thought  that  they  could,  "  sustain 
and  tender  "  the  resolutions  to  their  scornful  opponents  of  the  Cotton  States. 
The  utmost  that  could  have  been  hoped  for  was,  that  three  or  four  Senators 
might  be  found,  in  the  moderate  wing  of  the  Republican  party,  who  would 
unite  with  the  conservative  members  from  the  Free  States  and  the  South- 
ern Senators  generally,  thus  forming  the  requisite  constitutional  number  for 


592  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

such  of  the  resolutions  as  required  a  vote  of  two  thirds,  while  the  legislative 
measures  would  have  been  carried  by  a  large  majority. 

When,  therefore,  Messrs.  Davis  and  Toombs  said  they  would  "accept" 
these  resolutions,  "  if  tendered  and  sustained  by  the  Republican  party,"  and 
accept  them  as  a  proof  that  the  hearts  of  their  constituents  were  changed, 
they  evidently  placed  their  ungracious  acquiescence  on  what  they  well 
knew  was  an  impossible  condition,  and  they  announced  it  in  a  tone  of  defi- 
ance and  scorn,  which  was  enough  of  itself  to  extinguish  all  disposition  to 
compromise. 

Finally,  in  order  to  form  a  correct  and  candid  judgment  on  this  whole 
subject,  it  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  the  excitement  at  the  South  on  the 
subject  of  slavery  has  always  been,  on  the  part  of  the  disunionists,  in  a 
great  degree  factitious,  and  what  General  Jackson  thirty  years  ago  pro- 
nounced a  "  pretext"  for  breaking  up  the  Union  and  establishing  a  Southern 
Confederacy.  A  full  demonstration  of  this  proposition  would  exceed  the 
limits  of  this  note,  but  the  following  facts  are  notorious :  — 

1st.  The  leaders  of  the  secession  movement  would  not  wait  for  overt  acts 
of  hostility  to  slavery  as  existing  in  the  States,  because  they  knew  no  overt 
acts  would  be  attempted.  One  of  the  Georgia  Senators  said  in  the  Senate, 
on  the  5th  of  December,  1860  :  "  We  do  not  suppose  there  will  be  any  overt 
acts  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Lincoln.  For  one,  I  do  not  dread  these  overt  acts, 
and  I  do  not  propose  to  wait  for  them.  Why,  sir,  the  power  of  this  Federal 
government  could  be  so  exercised  against  the  institution  of  slavery  in  the 
Southern  States,  as  that,  without  an  overt  act,  the  institution  would  not 
last  ten  years."  Their  pretended  fear  was,  that,  under  the  influence  of  the 
general  government,  a  strong  antislavery  party  would  rapidly  grow  up  at 
the  South. 

2dly.  The  two  main  alleged  grievances  of  the  South  were,  the  non-exe- 
cution of  the  fugitive-slave  law  (which  was  grossly  exaggerated),  and  the 
claim,  on  the  part  of  the  North,  that  Congress  had  a  right  to  exclude  slavery 
from  the  Territories.  Now,  with  respect  to  the  first  grievance,  the  clamor 
was  far  louder  in  the  remote  Cotton  States,  from  which  slaves  very  rarely 
escaped,  than  in  the  border  States,  in  which,  if  anywhere,  the  grievance 
was  felt.  With  respect  to  the  Territories,  not  only  had  the  Supreme  Court, 
in  contravention  of  the  whole  current  of  legislation  from  the  foundation  of 
the  government,  denied  the  right  of  Congress  to  exclude  slavery  from  the 
Territories,  not  only  were  three  Territories  admitted  this  very  winter  of 
1860-  61,  without  any  antislavery  restriction,  but  in  the  Territory  of  New 
Mexico,  which  had  been  open  to  slaveholders  ten  years,  and  into  which,  if 
anywhere,  slavery  was  to  spread  westwardly,  only  twenty-four  slaves  were 
found  at  the  last  census. 

3dly.  So  far  from  really  apprehending  danger  to  their  institution  from  the 
attacks  upon  it  under  a  Republican  President,  the  Confederate  agents  abroad, 
in  their  official  communications  with  the  French  and  English  governments, 
have  maintained  and  urged,  for  the  sake  of  depriving  the  Government  of 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  593 

the  United  States  of  the  benefit  of  the  antislavery  sentiment  of  Europe, 
that  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  was  rather  less  adverse  to  the 
reopening  of  the  African  slave-trade  than  the  Constitution  of  the  Confed- 
eracy ;  and  that  the  Slave  States  contemplate  gradual  ameliorations  of  the 
condition  of  the  slaves,  and  the  abolition  of  slavery  at  no  distant  day. 
But  I  dismiss  the  painful  topic. 


On  the  15th  October,  1863,  the  house  near  the  head  of  Park 
Street,  formerly  the  residence  of  the  late  Abbott  Lawrence, 
was  inaugurated  in  its  new  use  as  the  Union  Club-House 
Thursday,  by  a  meeting  of  the  Club  which  was  very  largely 
attended.  The  officers  of  the  Club,  Mr.  Edward  Everett, 
President,  and  Charles  W.  Storey,  Esq.,  Secretary,  being  pres- 
ent, the  meeting  was  called  to  order  by  the  former,  who  an- 
nounced as  the  first  business  in  order  the  Report  of  the  Exec- 
utive Committee,  which  was  thereupon  read  by  the  Chairman 
of  the  Committee,  Hon.  Charles  G.  Loring. 

Mr.  Everett,  on  rising  to  put  the  question  on  the  adoption  of  the 
report,  asked  leave  to  say  a  word  or  two,  although  the  lucid  account 
given  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Executive  Committee  of  the  proceedings 
of  the  sub-committees,  and  his  exposition  of  the  principles  and  benefits 
of  the  Institution,  superseded  the  necessity  of  anything  further  from 
the  chair.  It  is  however,  Mr.  Everett  continued,  my  agreeable  duty, 
gentlemen  of  the  Union  Club,  to  bid  you  welcome  this  evening  to  the 
elegant  and  convenient  house  which  has  been  provided  for  your  accom- 
modation. We  have  been  looking  forward  with  no  little  eagerness  to 
this  evening.  So  long  a  time  has  elapsed,  since  the  first  organization 
of  the  Club,  that  I  dare  say  some  of  you  have  become  impatient  for 
the  completion  of  the  premises.  Such  of  you,  however,  as  have  ever 
had  occasion  to  build  or  furnish  a  house  will  be  able  to  make  due  al- 
lowance for  the  delays  inseparable  from  those  operations,  and  will 
excuse  us  even  now  for  having  thrown  open  the  doors,  although  some 
things  necessary  for  ornament  and  use  are  still  wanting. 

The  house  is  too  well  known  to  you  as  the  residence  of  our  late 
excellent  and  honored  fellow-citizen,  Mr.  Abbott  Lawrence.  You 
have  too  many  of  you  in  his  day  been  conversant  with  its  hospitable 
interior,  to  make  any  detailed  description  of  it,  within  or  without, 
necessary  on  my  part.     I  will  only  say,  that  I  am  sure  the  use  to  which 

vol.  IV.  38 


594  INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB. 

it  is  now  appropriated — the  accommodation  of  a  Union  Club  —  is 
one  which,  if  he  could  have  foreseen  it,  he  would  have  approved  with 
all  his  heart.  The  considerable  additions  and  changes,  necessary  to 
adapt  a  private  residence  for  the  purposes  of  a  club  numbering  its 
members  by  hundreds,  have  been  skilfully  and  tastefully  made.  You 
have  examined  them,  gentlemen,  and  can  judge  for  yourselves.  I 
feel  no  scruple  in  expressing  my  own  opinion  to  this  effect,  inasmuch 
as  the  work  has  all  been  planned  and  executed  under  the  direction  of 
committees  of  which  I  am  not  a  member.  What  has  been  done  with 
so  much  taste  and  good  judgment  is  a  sufficient  guaranty  that  the 
little  which  remains  will  be  executed  with  equal  success.  The  most 
important  of  the  arrangements,  which  remain  to  be  completed,  has 
been  alluded  to  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Executive  Committee,  —  I  mean 
the  collection  of  a  library  of  reference.  It  is  intended  that  the  ad- 
joining parlor  should  be  furnished  with  a  supply  of  dictionaries,  cyclo- 
paedias, gazetteers,  atlases,  and  public  documents,  fully  adequate  to 
the  uses  of  an  institution  like  the  Union  Club. 

There  is  another  article  —  one  of  tasteful  ornament  —  for  which 
the  Committee  have  made  no  provision,  partly  for  want  of  funds 
applicable  to  that  purpose,  and  still  more  because  they  did  not  wish  to 
forestall  the  voluntary  action  of  individual  members  of  the  Club.  The 
broad  space  on  our  walls,  the  corners  of  the  rooms,  the  niches  in  the 
staircases,  are  admirably  adapted  for  the  display  of  paintings  and  en- 
gravings, busts,  urns,  vases,  and  other  similar  works  of  art,  which  will 
no  doubt  be  liberally  presented  to  the  Club.  I  will  only  say,  as 
our  space,  though  considerable,  is,  after  all,  limited,  that  those  who  wish 
to  signalize  their  liberal  interest  in  the  Club  in  this  way  must  act  soon. 
Messrs.  Ticknor  and  Fields  have  already  presented  us  with  a  medallion 
portrait  of  our  favorite  poet,  Mr.  Longfellow,  handsomely  framed  ;  and 
the  example,  I  am  sure,  will  be  rapidly  followed  by  others. 

So  much  for  the  interior  of  the  house.  In  point  of  situation  you 
will  all  agree  that  the  city  of  Boston  does  not  furnish  a  finer,  at  least 
for  our  purposes.  It  stands  on  dry  native  soil ;  elevated  and  open  to 
the  air,  but  central  and  easily  accessible.  It  is  in  a  neighborhood  as 
desirable  as  any  in  town,  and  all  its  surroundings  are  of  congenial 
respectability.  Its  proximity  to  our  noble  Common  is  a  feature  of  ex- 
treme beauty ;  the  views  from  every  story  of  the  house  are  cheerful 
and  attractive  ;  those  from  the  upper  windows  and  the  observatory 
on  the  roof  are  of  unsurpassed  loveliness.  As  I  contemplated  them, 
the  other  day,  gazing,  under  the  dreamy  light  of  an  Indian  summer, 
on  the  waters  in   the  centre  of  the  Common,  sparkling  through   the 


INAUGURATION    OF    THE    UNION    CLUB.  595 

tinted  maples  and  elm*,  the  line  of  surrounding  hills,  Brighton,  Brook- 
line,  Roxbury,  and  Dorchester,  the  islands  that  gem  the  harbor,  the 
city  stretched  like  a  panorama  around  and  beneath,  —  I  thought  my 
eye  had  never  rested  on  a  more  delightful  prospect. 

Such,  gentlemen,  is  the  provision  within  doors  and  abroad  which  has 
been  made  for  your  convenience  and  pleasure.  The  rest  you  must  do 
for  yourselves.  You  must  bring  to  these  tasteful  and  commodious 
rooms,  —  you  will  I  know  do  so,  —  the  spirit  of  good  fellowship,  not  im- 
paired occasionally  by  a  good  dinner ;  you  must  find  here  the  inno- 
cent recreation  of  a  leisure  hour,  if  you  ever  have  such  a  thing 
as  a  leisure  hour  (I  know  a  man  who  does  not  understand 
what  the  word  means,  but  I  believe  it  is  something  nice  and 
comfortable)  ;  and  animated  conversation  with  those  who  sympathize 
with  us  on  the  great  essential  points  involved  in  the  present  stru^o-le, 
and  which  go  to  the  very  life  of  the  nation.  This  last  condition  is  not 
founded  on  a  spirit  of  intolerance,  as  has  been  charged  upon  us,  but 
proceeds  from  the  necessity  of  the  case.  The  discussion,  at  places  of 
resort,  in  times  like  these,  of  questions  of  vital  importance,  on  which 
the  parties  radically  differ,  infallibly  leads  to  controversy  and  quarrel, 
and  so  defeats  the  ends  of  social  intercourse.  But  with  this  limitation, 
I  presume  on  the  long  list  of  our  members  there  is  every  shade  of 
political  opinion,  except  the  deadly  night-shade,  which  would  shoot 
among  the  ruins  of  the  Republic,  clustering  in  rank  luxuriance  over 
the  dishonored  fragments  of  that  "  unity  of  government,  which,"  in 
the  language  of  Washington,  "  makes  us  one  People  ;  the  main  pillar 
of  our  real  independence;  the  support  of  our  tranquillity  at  home,  of 
our  peace  abroad;  of  our  safety  and  our  prosperity;  —  of  that  very 
Liberty  which  we  so  highly  prize."  This  is  our  platform,  —  the  plat- 
form of  Washington  ;  and  the  man  that  cannot  stand  upon  it  will  find 
the  doors  of  the  Union  Club  too  narrow  for  his  admission. 


UNITED   STATES   NAVAL  ACADEMY* 


I  have  been  requested,  by  the  gentlemen  with  whom  I 
have  the  honor  to  be  associated  as  a  member  of  the  Board  of 
Visitors,  to  address  a  few  words  to  the  pupils  of  the  Naval 
Academy,  at  the  close  of  the  annual  examination.  This  duty 
you  will  permit  me  to  perform  with  the  simplicity  of  an  offi 
cial  act.  The  occasion  is  not  one  which  invites  the  treatment 
of  general  topics,  and  my  engagements  as  a  member  of  the 
Board  have  left  me  no  leisure  for  the  elaborate  discussion  and 
rhetorical  effort  which  might  fairly  be  expected,  under  other 
circumstances,  by  an  audience  like  that  which  now  honors  us 
with  its  attendance. 

This  is  the  first  year,  it  may  be  proper  to  remark,  in  which 
persons  from  civil  life  have  been  associated  with  naval  officers 
in  the  formation  of  the  Board  of  Visitors  invited  to  attend 
the  annual  examination  of  the  Academy.  The  Secretary  of 
the  Navy,  justly  regarding  the  institution  as  one  in  which  the 
whole  country  is  interested,  has  adopted  this  course,  by  way 
of  opening  a  channel  of  communication  between  the  Acade- 
my and  the  community  at  large.  His  wish  has  been  to  fur- 
nish the  public  in  this  way  with  the  means  of  knowing  that  it 
is  an  establishment  in  which  they  have  a  common  concern,  and 
thus  to  enlist  for  it  the  favor  and  countenance  of  an  intelli- 
gent people.  It  gives  me  great  pleasure,  on  behalf  of  my 
non-naval  associates,  to  assure  the  distinguished  Superintend- 
ent of  the  institution,  the  gentlemen  of  the  academic  staff, 
and  the  pupils  of  the  Academy,  that  we  have  attended  the 
examination  with  an  interest  not  exceeded  by  that  of  the  gal- 

*  An  address  delivered  at  the  annual  examination  of  the  United  States 
Naval  Academy  at  Newport,  R.  I,  28th  May,  1863. 


UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY.  597 

lant  officers  with  whom  we  are  proud  to  be  associated  in  the 
performance  of  this  honorable  duty.  Two  of  our  respected 
colleagues  have  been  compelled  by  urgent  engagements  to 
withdraw,  before  the  close  of  the  examinations  ;  but  I  am 
warranted  in  stating  that,  while  they  remained,  they  attended 
them  with  a  satisfaction  not  inferior  to  that  of  the  other  mem- 
bers of  the  Board. 

It  has  been  with  great  pleasure  that  we  have  all,  officers 
and  civilians,  seen  in  the  progress  of  the  examination  how 
large  a  proportion  of  the  studies  pursued  in  the  Academy, 
while  they  form  an  essential  part  of  the  training  for  a  profes- 
sional career,  belong  at  the  same  time  to  a  good  general  edu- 
cation, preparatory  to  almost  any  liberal  walk  in  life.  In  this 
respect,  I  suppose  there  is  a  great  improvement  in  education 
for  the  naval  service.  The  navy  was  considered,  in  times 
gone  by  much  more  than  now,  as  something  apart  from  the 
sympathies  of  landsmen,  —  a  career  requiring  nothing  but 
practical  and  nautical  training  on  shipboard  ;  its  field  of  action 
far  off  on  the  solitary  ocean  or  on  distant  shores,  and  those 
who  belonged  to  it  a  class  of  honorable  champions,  set  apart 
to  peril  their  lives  for  the  public,  rendering,  indeed,  all-impor- 
tant service,  but  returning  only  at  long  intervals  to  their  na- 
tive land,  and  the  enjoyment  of  their  too  often  tardy  honors. 
So  complete  has  been  this  separation  of  the  naval  profession 
from  the  active  life  of  the  community,  that  I  remember  to 
have  heard  the  late  Commodore  Morris,  himself  one  of  the 
finest  specimens  of  naval  character,  remark  that  he  remembered 
scarce  any  instance  but  Admiral  Doria  of  a  naval  officer  who 
had  risen  to  the  highest  position  in  the  State  ;  while  there  is 
hardly  any  department  of  political  life  in  which,  in  all  countries, 
the  other  arm  of  the  service  has  not  been  fully  represented. 

There  must,  indeed,  from  the  necessity  of  the  case,  in  naval 
life,  be  something  of  this  separation  from  the  soil,  the  associ- 
ations, and  the  pursuits  of  home.  Many  years  in  the  aggregate 
must  be  passed  at  sea,  by  the  officer  whose  heart  is  in  his 
profession.  Weeks,  months,  years  sometimes,  must  elapse 
without  the  sight  of  a  familiar  human  face,  except  those  pre- 
sented by  the  little  world  which  is  tossing  with  you  on  the 


598        UNITED  STATES  NAVAL  ACADEMY. 

bosom  of  the  deep.  Admiral  Collingwood  was,  I  think,  on 
his  last  cruise  six  or  seven  years  without  returning  to  Eng- 
land. No  participation  on  week-days  in  the  varied  animating 
bustle  of  the  street ;  no  music  of  the  Sabbath-bell,  to  soothe 
the  ear  on  the  day  of  rest.  These  are  the  unavoidable  con- 
ditions, young  gentlemen,  of  your  chosen  career;  and  were 
there  nothing  to  counteract  it,  they  might  exert  an  unfavor- 
able influence  on  manners  and  character.  It  is  one  of  the 
objects  of  the  improvements  in  naval  education  at  which  the 
government  of  the  United  States  has  aimed,  in  the  foundation 
and  maintenance  of  the  Naval  Academy,  to  counteract  this 
influence  ;  so  to  train  its  inmates  as  to  preserve  an  active 
sympathy  between  them  and  the  intelligent  community  from 
which  they  have  gone  forth  ;  to  impart  to  them,  at  one  and 
the  same  time,  the  practical  qualifications  of  the  accomplished 
officer  and  the  liberal  education  of  a  Christian  gentleman. 
Accordingly,  as  I  have  observed  already,  many  of  the  studies 
pursued  in  the  Academy  belong  equally  to  naval  and  civil 
life.  The  study,  for  instance,  of  our  own  language  and  of 
two  of  the  most  important  foreign  languages,  a  general  knowl- 
edge of  the  geography  of  the  earth,  the  principal  branches 
of  exact  and  applied  science,  the  elements  of  general  history, 
and  especially  of  the  history  of  our  own  country,  the  theory 
and  operation  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  the 
leading  doctrines  of  international  law,  the  fundamental  prin- 
ciples of  moral  obligation,  —  these  are  studies  which  divide 
the  attention  of  the  Naval  Academy  with  those  practical 
and  military  exercises  that  promote  physical  development  and 
form  the  more  direct  and  appropriate  preparation  for  ac- 
tive naval  life.  I  need  not  dwell  on  the  importance  of 
this  union  of  professional  and  non-professional  studies,  in 
the  education  of  the  thoroughly  accomplished  officer,  nor 
endeavor  to  prove  by  labored  argument,  that  in  exact  propor- 
tion as  you  elevate  the  tone  of  the  character  by  liberal  culture 
you  increase  his  ability  to  discharge  the  peculiar  duties  of  his 
calling,  not  only  with  animal  courage  and  rough  energy,  but 
with  dignity,  generosity,  and  wisdom.  It  is  one  of  the  best 
conclusions  of  our  modern  civilization,  that  the  highest  excel- 


UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY.  599 

lence,  even  in    practical    life,  must  rest  on  intellectual    and 
moral  foundations. 

But  the  non-professional  studies,  or  what  may  be  deemed 
such,  pursued  at  the  Academy,  not  only  have  a  most  salutary 
indirect  influence  in  the  formation  of  the  accomplished  naval 
officer,  but  they  are,  many  of  them,  of  a  nature  to  contribute 
directly  to  his  professional  success.  Some,  of  the  abstrusest 
lessons  of  the  blackboard  will  hereafter  find  their  application 
amidst  the  storm  of  the  elements  and  the  storm  of  war.  The 
art  of  finding  the  ship's  place  at  sea  has  been  carried  to  its 
modern  perfection,  by  nearly  two  hundred  years  of  the  closest 
observation  of  the  heavenly  bodies  and  the  profoundest  spec- 
ulations of  celestial  mechanics.  Even  in  the  infancy  of  as- 
tronomical science,  it  was  his  mastery  of  that  branch  of 
knowledge,  as  then  understood,  which  guided  Columbus  to 
the  discovery  of  our  continent.  A  thorough  comprehension 
of  the  subject  of  steam  navigation  involves  an  acquaintance 
with  more  than  one  branch  of  physical  science.  The  cover- 
ing of  ships  with  plates  of  iron  will  call  for  new  investiga- 
tions in  metallurgy,  and  develop  new  problems  as  to  the 
range  and  efficiency  of  projectiles  and  the  laws  of  resistance. 
A  knowledge  of  foreign  languages  will  ever  be  of  great  con- 
venience, sometimes  of  prime  importance,  on  foreign  stations 
and  in  professional  intercourse  with  foreign  officers  in  our 
own  waters.  The  transaction  of  business  of  delicacy  and 
moment  in  our  foreign  relations  occasionally  devolves  on  our 
naval  commanders,  and  requires  a  knowledge  of  the  leading 
principles  of  international  law,  particularly  those  which  define 
the  rights  of  belligerents  and  neutrals.  Above  all,  the  events 
of  the  last  two  years  have  but  too  painfully  illustrated  the 
direct  bearing,  as  well  as  the  disastrous  consequences,  to  the 
naval  service,  —  in  common  with  the  whole  country,  —  of  false 
views  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  That  one 
monstrous  absurdity,  that  each  and  every  State  has  a  right  to 
secede  from  the  Union,  and  thereby  constitute  itself  a  foreign 
power,  —  that  Virginia,  for  instance,  has  a  right  to  break 
away  and  establish  herself  as  an  alien,  independent  nation, 
commanding  the  entrance  of  Chesapeake  Bay,  and  one  of  the 


600  UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY. 

most  important  naval  stations  on  our  coast,  —  that  Florida, 
in  like  manner,  has  a  right  to  withdraw,  and  carry  with  her 
the  fortresses  that  command  the  navigation  of  the  Gulf  of 
Mexico,  —  that  Louisiana  has  a  right  to  leave  the  Union,  and 
assume  to  herself,  as  a  foreign  power,  the  control  of  the  out- 
let of  the  great  central  basin  of  the  continent,  —  this  stupen- 
dous heresy  has  not  only  betrayed  several  gallant  officers  at 
the  South  into  deserting  the  flag  of  the  Union  and  breaking 
the  oath  by  which  they  were  bound  to  support  it,  but  has 
plunged  the  country  into  this  desolating  civil  war. 

We  rejoice  to  believe,  my  young  friends,  that  you  have  not 
been  so  taught  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  in  the 
Naval  Academy,  and  that  you  are  in  no  danger  of  being  mis- 
led by  these  wretched  sophistries,  which,  in  the  infinite  mis- 
chief they  have  wrought,  teach  so  painfully  how  much  better 
are  two  grains  of  patriotic  common  sense  than  a  cart-load  of 
treasonable  metaphysics.  With  the  education  you  have  here 
received,  I  will  trust  it  to  you,  when  you  shall  go  forth,  as 
some  of  you  shortly  will,  to  range,  in  the  service  of  our  com- 
mon country,  along  the  shores  of  the  Atlantic  and  the  Gulf 
of  Mexico,  —  to  guard  the  entrance  of  the  great  bays  and  no- 
ble rivers  of  the  land,  —  I  say  I  will  willingly  trust  it  to  you 
to  say  whether,  when  our  fathers,  bursting  the  feeble  bond 
of  the  Confederation,  and  in  order  to  form  a  more  perfect 
Union,  ordained  and  established  the  Constitution  of  the  Unit- 
ed States  and  declared  it  the  supreme  law  of  the  land,  any- 
thing in  the  constitution  or  laws  of  any  of  the  States  to  the 
contrary  notwithstanding,  they  meant  to  give  up  to  every 
State,  however  small  in  numbers,  however  inconsiderable  in 
influence,  nay,  to  a  dominant  party  in  every  State,  the  right, 
by  seceding,  to  wrest  from  the  Union  the  most  important 
naval  and  military  stations,  the  entrance  to  the  bays  and 
rivers  which  penetrate  the  heart  of  the  country,  and  any 
amount  of  the  national  territory  which  they  may  choose  to 
carry  with  them.  I  will  trust  it  to  you  to  say  whether  New 
York  and  Pennsylvania,  and  Maryland  and  Delaware,  fought 
the  battles  of  the  Revolution,  in  order  to  establish  the  foreign 
State  of  Virginia  in  the  command  of  those  straits,  by  which 


UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY.  601 

the  army  of  Howe,  in  the  Revolutionary  War,  was  conveyed 
to  the  battle  of  Brandy  wine  and  the  capture  of  Philadelphia, 
whether  President  Jefferson  negotiated  the  ever-memorable 
treaty  of  the  30th  April,  1803,  with  Napoleon  Bonaparte,  in 
order  to  put  the  key  of  the  Mississippi  into  the  hands  of 
Messrs.  Slidell  and  Benjamin,  with  a  sovereign  right  to  open 
and  shut  its  portals  at  pleasure,  on  the  twelve  millions  of  the 
loyal  people  of  the  Union  that  inhabit  its  upper  waters; 
whether  Mr.  Monroe  acquired  Florida  from  Spain  in  1819- 
1821  in  order  that  she  might  a  few  years  afterwards,  if  so 
disposed,  play  over  again  the  game  which  has  just  been  played 
at  St.  Domingo.  Why,  if  this  right  of  secession  were  ac- 
knowledged by  the  United  States,  the  Governor-General  of 
Cuba  might,  with  three  months'  revenue  of  that  island,  buy 
up  votes  enough  in  Florida  to  retrocede  that  State  to  Spain. 
The  whole  number  of  voters  in  that  State  cannot  be  above 
twelve  or  fifteen  thousand ;  *  and  who  can  doubt,  that  if  the 
government  at  Madrid  should  think  it  worth  while  to  promote 
the  formation  of  a  party,  in  favor  of  resuming  the  allegiance 
under  which  Florida  was  discovered  and  governed  for  three 
hundred  years,  it  would  be  the  easiest  thing  in  the  world  to 
effect  that  object? 

I  have  dwelt  for  a  moment  upon  this  point,  young  gentle- 
men, not  merely  as  the  topic  of  the  most  absorbing  interest 
in  the  present  state  of  the  country,  but  to  show  you,  by  a 
striking  example,  the  fatal  practical  consequences  which  may 
flow  from  a  false  theory,  and  to  impress  upon  your  minds  the 
vital  importance  of  being  firmly  grounded  in  the  true  inter- 
pretation of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States. 

Nor  can  I  repress  another  remark,  for  the  purpose  of  show- 
ing the  direct  practical  importance  to  an  officer,  in  either 
branch  of  the  service,  of  appropriate  instruction  in  moral  sci- 
ence. History  teaches  us  that  every  government  has  been  in 
the  habit,  in  aid  of  the  authority  of  the  law,  civil  and  martial, 
of  imposing  upon  those  who  enter  either  branch  of  its  military 
service  the  sanctions  of  an  oath;  that  solemn  act  —  sacra- 
ment it  was  called  by  the  great  military  people  of  antiquity 

*  The  free  population  of  Florida,  by  the  census  of  1860,  was  78,680. 


602  UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY. 

—  which  binds  the  soul  of  the  creature  to  the  footstool  of  the 
Creator.  This  was  the  sheet-anchor  of  allegiance.  The  law 
might  no  longer  intimidate  the  ambitious  and  insubordinate  ; 
the  sense  of  honor  might  cease  to  prevail  with  the  timid  and 
the  mercenary;  but  the  oath  of  God  upon  his  soul  was  clothed 
with  a  mysterious  power,  which  awed  the  faithless  into  obe- 
dience, and  nerved  the  arm  of  the  craven  with  courage.  Ac- 
cordingly the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  in  his  letter  of  the  31st 
of  January  last,  addressed  to  the  members  of  the  Naval  Acad- 
emy, has  reminded  you  that  "the  young  officer,  before  he 
enters  on  actual  service,  takes  a  solemn  oath  to  support,  pro- 
tect, and  defend  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  against 
all  enemies,  domestic  and  foreign,"  and  he  has  sought  to  im- 
press upon  your  minds  that  "no  human  power  can  absolve 
him  from  that  obligation.  The  madness  of  the  hour  may 
cause  a  misguided  man  to  forget  that  he  has  called  his  God 
so  to  deal  with  him  as  he  shall  keep  or  break  his  oath;  but 
the  time  will  come,  even  in  this  world,  when  the  sin  of  per- 
jury will  lie  heavy  on  his  soul." 

I  have  great  pleasure,  Commodore  Blake,  in  the  perform- 
ance of  the  duty  intrusted  to  me  by  the  Board  of  Visitors, 
in  congratulating  you  upon  the  excellent  condition  in  which 
they  have  found  every  department  of  the  Academy  under 
your  superintendence.  Other  positions  in  the  service  may  af- 
ford better  opportunities  for  brilliant  personal  distinction  ;  but 
there  are  very  few  of  greater  importance  to  the  country.  It 
is  no  injustice  to  your  distinguished  predecessors  to  say,  that 
the  Academy  was  never  in  a  better  state  than  at  present. 
The  Board  have  much  pleasure  in  ascribing  to  a  happy  mix- 
ture of  parental  kindness  with  the  necessary  strictness  of  offi- 
cial duty  and  academical  discipline  no  small  share  of  the 
great  prosperity  with  which  your  administration  has  been 
attended. 

I  am  also  authorized,  young  gentlemen,  by  the  Board  of  Vis- 
itors, to  assure  you,  that  they  have  witnessed  with  great  satis- 
faction the  examinations  of  the  various  classes,  in  the  different 
branches  of  study  pursued  at  the  Academy.    There  is  a  strong 


UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY.  603 

temptation  on  occasions  of  this  kind  to  deal  in  phrases  of 
indiscriminate  and  superficial  compliment;  but  it  is  with  sin- 
cerity we  assure  you  that,  as  far  as  the  examinations  afford 
a  test,  they  have  appeared  to  us  to  evince  method,  fidelity,  and 
eminent  skill  on  the  part  of  the  officers  of  the  academic  staff, 
and  assiduous,  intelligent,  and  successful  study  on  the  part 
of  the  young  gentlemen  of  the  Academy.  I  have  never  in 
any  institution  witnessed  more  satisfactory  examinations. 
We  cannot  —  speaking  now,  however,  only  for  myself — pre- 
tend to  have  followed  you  on  all  occasions  into  the  deepest 
mysteries  of  the  blackboard,  even  in  branches  with  which  we 
may  not  have  been  wholly  unfamiliar  at  your  age.  Mr.  Locke, 
in  his  "  Essay  on  Human  Understanding,"  —  and  in  the  soli- 
tary passage,  I  believe,  in  which  he  has  relieved  the  somewhat 
arid  style  of  that  celebrated  treatise  with  rhetorical  ornament, 
—  beautifully  remarks,  that  "the  ideas,  like  the  children  of 
our  youth,  often  die  before  us,  and  our  minds  represent  to  us 
those  tombs  to  which  we  are  approaching,  where,  though  the 
brass  and  the  marble  remain,  the  inscriptions  are  effaced  by 
time,  and  the  imagery  moulders  away."  On  this  principle, 
the  precise  significance  of  the  recondite  symbols  and  bristling 
notation,  which  many  of  you  have  handled  with  such  dexter- 
ity, may  be  lost  for  some  of  us ;  but  we  retain  enough  of  the 
general  result  of  our  earlier  studies  to  appreciate  the  thor- 
oughness with  which  yours  have  been  pursued,  and  which  we 
are  inclined  to  think  is  not  surpassed  at  any  place  of  educa- 
tion in  the  country. 

We  are  aware  of  the  disadvantages  under  which  the  insti- 
tution has  labored,  in  its  sudden  removal  from  Annapolis  and 
its  establishment  in  temporary  premises  at  Newport.  Every- 
thing, it  is  true,  has  been  done  for  the  accommodation  of  the 
Academy  which  was  possible  under  the  circumstances  of  the 
case.  In  respect  to  climate  (which  is  one  of  the  best  on 
the  Atlantic  coast)  and  to  local  position,  it  would  be  no  sub- 
ject of  regret  if  the  change  were  permanent.  The  city 
which  gave  birth  to  the  youthful  hero  who,  a  half-century 
ago  this  very  year,  shed  glory  on  his  name  and  on  his  coun- 
try, by  the  battle  of  Lake  Erie,  would  be  no  inappropriate 


60-4  UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY. 

spot  for  the  Naval  Academy  of  the  United  States*  Mean- 
time the  Board  are  sensible  that  the  institution  and  its  mem- 
bers of  every  degree  have  not  been  as  advantageously  sit- 
uated as  they  would  be  in  buildings  expressly  designed  for 
their  reception.  They  can  only  express  their  satisfaction 
that  so  much  has  been  done  to  overcome  the  inconveniences 
of  the  removal,  and  that  the  regular  operations  of  the  Acad- 
emy have  suffered  so  little  from  a  circumstance  that  might 
seem  to  threaten  a  serious  derangement. 

It  has  also  been  a  matter  of  regret  to  the  visitors  that  the 
exigencies  of  the  service  have  compelled  the  government  to 
subtract  one  year  from  the  academic  novitiate,  and  have 
thus  created  the  necessity  of  a  more  compendious  course  of 
instruction.  We  trust  that  it  will  be  found  practicable,  at  an 
early  period,  to  return  to  the  pre-existing  arrangement,  and 
to  give  to  your  successors  the  advantage  of  a  four  years' 
course,  which  we  deem  none  too  extensive  for  the  broad  field 
of  study  and  exercise  to  be  travelled.  At  the  same  time  the 
Board  of  Visitors  deem  it  no  more  than  just  to  state,  that 
the  examinations  of  the  higher  classes  have  disclosed  a  degree 
of  thoroughness  which  was  hardly  to  be  expected  under  the 
circumstances  alluded  to,  and  which  reflects  great  credit  alike 
on  pupils  and  instructors. 

Our  thoughts  and  feelings  on  this  occasion  are  naturally 
divided  between  those  of  you,  young  gentlemen,  who  are 
still  to  remain  inmates  of  the  Academy,  and  those  who  are 
now  to  enter  upon  the  active  service  of  the  country.  I  would 
gladly,  if  it  were  in  my  power,  convey  to  the  former  my  own 
deep  impressions  of  the  importance  of  the  advantages  which 
they  are  now  enjoying  as  members  of  this  institution.  It  is, 
of  course,  impossible  elsewhere  in  this  country  to  acquire  as 
good  an  education  —  physical,  practical,  and  professional  — 
for  their  chosen  career.     Indeed,  I  believe  I  may  say,  without 

*  The  city  of  Newport  has  made  a  munificent  offer  to  the  United  States 
of  Coasters'  Harbor  Island,  as  a  permanent  site  for  the  Naval  Academy. 
It  contains  between  ninety  and- a  hundred  acres,  and  is  admirably  adapted 
for  the  purpose. 


UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY.  605 

overstatement,  that  there  is  no  naval  academy  in  the  world 
where  a  better  education  can  be  obtained.  Its  exercises  and 
its  studies  may  seem  to  you  at  times  laborious,  and  its  disci- 
pline severe ;  but  most  of  you,  I  doubt  not,  were  soon  con- 
vinced that  it  would  not  be  possible  to  carry  on  the  institu- 
tion upon  a  basis  of  laxity  and  indulgence,  and  that,  in  the 
words  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  in  the  letter  already 
alluded  to,  you  are  learning  "  the  lesson  of  command  "  where 
alone  it  can  be  learned,  "in  the  school  of  obedience."  Much 
of  what  you  learn  in  the  way  of  exercise,  manoeuvre,  and  drill, 
you  learn  in  order  that  hereafter  you  may  superintend  and  di- 
rect its  execution  by  others.  The  word  of  command,  which 
you  now  implicitly  obey,  spoken  by  you  hereafter,  with  con- 
fidence and  cheer,  in  moments  of  peril,  may  save  the  lives  of 
hundreds  on  a  lee  shore.  The  accuracy  and  promptitude 
of  the  mimic  evolutions  of  the  parade-ground  may  one  day 
lead  to  victories,  which  will  live  on  the  page  of  history. 

That  you  may  employ  the  skill  and  the  knowledge  thus 
acquired  in  the  causo  of  your  country,  she  has  selected  you 
from  the  thousands  of  young  men  of  your  age,  to  receive  a 
first-rate  education  at  her  expense.  She  is  training  you,  un- 
der the  most  favorable  auspices,  to  uphold  her  authority  and 
to  maintain  her  honor  against  every  enemy,  domestic  and 
foreign.  If  from  want  of  fidelity  or  diligence  you  fail  to 
accomplish  the  ends  for  which  you  were  placed  here,  you  not 
only  deprive  your  country  of  the  service  she  had  a  right  to 
expect  at  your  hands,  but  you  throw  away  opportunities  for 
acquiring  future  distinction  which  few  of  your  age  are  per- 
mitted to  enjoy ;  and,  what  is  sadder  still,  you  bring  disap- 
pointment, perhaps  mortification  and  grief,  to  hearts  that  are 
aching  for  you  at  home.  Not  more  surely  does  the  electric 
spark  shoot  along  the  wire,  than  every  fault  committed  or 
censure  incurred  on  your  part  will,  according  to  its  gravity, 
cause  a  pang  in  bosoms  that  would  bleed  to  promote  your 
welfare.  On  the  other  hand,  —  and  in  this  anticipation  we 
cheerfully  rest,  —  by  diligence,  fidelity,  and  zeal  in  the  pur- 
suit of  your  studies  and  the  performance  of  your  duties,  you 
will  not  only  fit  yourselves  for  services  to  the  public,  which 


606  UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY. 

in  the  present  crisis  of  affairs  can  hardly  be  overrated,  but 
you  will  place  your  names  on  the  list  of  those  whom  your 
country,  in  all  coming  time,  will  delight  to  honor,  and  you 
will  bring  joy  and  gladness  to  the  hearts  of  the  dear  ones 
whose  fondest  hopes  are  bound  up  in  your  success;  in  cases 
not  a  few,  to  the  aged  father,  the  widowed  mother,  the  or- 
phan brother  or  sister  who  look  to  you  alone  for  their  solace 
and  support  under  the  heavy  burdens  of  life. 

And  need  I  remind  you,  my  young  friends,  whose  course 
at  the  Academy  is  completed,  and  who  are  soon  to  enter 
into  the  active  service  of  the  country,  what  hopes,  what 
expectations,  attend  you  ?  Trained  in  the  manly  exercises 
and  instructed  in  the  branches  of  science  and  art  which  per- 
tain to  your  profession,  your  morals  pare  from  the  contam- 
ination of  the  world,  your  principles  uncorrupted  by  the  poi- 
sonous sophistries  which  have  brought  the  calamities  of  the 
war  upon  the  land,  educated  at  the  expense  —  rather  let  me 
say  nurtured  at  the  bosom  —  of  our  beloved  country,  the 
common  mother  of  us  all,  she  now  dismisses  you  with  her 
blessing,  armed  with  her  sacred  panoply,  to  do  battle  in  her 
righteous  cause.  She  sends  you  forth  to  maintain  the  honor 
and  the  pride  of  that  lovely  banner,  the  symbol  of  her  union 
and  the  emblem  of  her  sovereignty,  which  "  dallies  with  the 
wind  and  scorns  the  sun  "  on  ten  thousand  mast-heads  and 
fiagstaffs,  on  the  land  and  on  the  sea.  She  reminds  you  that, 
of  all  the  glorious  achievements  which  have  crowned  our 
arms  during  the  progress  of  the  war,  a  full  share  is  owing  to 
the  co-operation  of  the  navy,  while  for  some  of  them  we  are 
exclusively  indebted  to  this  arm  of  the  service.  Nothing  in  the 
future  is  more  certain  than  that,  when  we  come  forth  trium- 
phant from  this  tremendous  struggle,  —  as  by  the  blessing 
of  God  we  will,  with  every  fading  stripe  replaced  upon  the 
all-glorious  standard,  and  every  waning  star,  like  some  lost 
but  returning  pleiad,  flaming  with  new-spangled  ore  in  its 
azure  field,  —  the  United  States  will  take  their  place  in  the 
family  of  nations  as  a  great  naval  power,  second  to  no  other 
that  navigates  the  ocean.  In  bringing  about  this  noble  con- 
summation, the  Board  of  Visitors  are  convinced  that  you, 


UNITED    STATES    NAVAL    ACADEMY.  607 

young  gentlemen,  each  in  his  place,  and  according  to  his 
opportunities,  will  perform  an  honorable  part.  We  do  not 
fear  that  we  have  erred  in  thinking,  that  in  your  manly  car- 
riage, your  modest  deportment,  and  intelligent  countenances, 
we  discern  the  material  of  which  gallant  officers  are  made ; 
and  we  doubt  not  that  when  hereafter  we  shall  read  the 
names  of  those  who  have  distinguished  themselves  in  some 
glorious  naval  victory,  we  shall  be  able  to  exclaim,  and  we 
shall  do  it  with  the  highest  satisfaction,  "  Ah,  they  were  of 
the  class  of  1863 ! "  In  this  pleasing  anticipation,  young 
gentlemen,  and  in  the  name  of  the  Board  of  Visitors,  I  now 
commend  you  to  the  protection  of  a  gracious  Providence, 
and  bid  you,  each  and  all,  an  affectionate  farewell. 


HARVARD   COLLEGE  IN   THE   WAR* 


.  It  is  impossible,  sir,  that  a  man  should  mistake  his  own 
name,  though  I  would  not  be  thought  vain  enough  otherwise 
to  take  to  myself  the  description  with  which  you  have  intro- 
duced it.  Before  obeying  the  requisition  which  you  have 
placed  me  under,  let  me  undertake  the  very  bold  task  of  cor- 
recting a  lapse  of  memory,  on  the  part  of  the  venerable  gen- 
tleman who  has  just  taken  his  seat,  the  Nestor  of  ex- Presidents 
and  of  Alumni,  —  a  memory  usually  so  tenacious  of  everything 
interesting  and  instructive.  He  has  told  us  of  the  liberal 
bequest  made  by  his  honored  father  to  the  College,  but  he  did 
not  distinctly  state  that  it  was  made  absolutely  contingent  on 
his  own  life.  If  the  son  lived,  the  two  thousand  pounds  were 
not  to  be  paid  at  all ;  the  patriotic  father,  with  prophetic,  fore- 
sight, justly  anticipating  that,  in  giving  that  son  to  the  Col- 
lege and  the  country,  he  gave  a  sufficient  treasure.  Now,  sir, 
our  honored  and  revered  head  —  and  here  is  the  point  where 
his  memory  entirely  failed  him — thought  proper  that  the 
College  should  have  both  the  son  and  the  legacy,  and,  after 
giving  us  seventeen  or  eighteen  of  the  best  years  of  his  life, 
has  paid  out  of  his  own  pocket  several  years  ago  that  little 
trifle  of  ten  thousand  dollars  into  the  College  treasury.  I 
mention  it,  sir,  because  it  is  often  said  that  the  mental  facul- 
ties of  our  honored  and  revered  friend  are  unimpaired ;  and 
justice  seemed  to  me  to  require  that  this  remarkable  lapsus 
memories  should  be  pointed  out. 

Often  as  it  has  been  my  privilege  to  address  the  assembled 
Alumni  of  Harvard,  I  have  never  felt  it   so  difficult  to  do  so 

*  Remarks  at  the  dinner  of  the  Association  of  Alumni  of  Harvard  Col- 
lege, 16th  July,  1863. 


HARVARD    COLLEGE    IN    THE    WAR.  609 

as  on  the  present  occasion.  With  the  words  of  wisdom  and 
truth  still  sounding  in  our  ears,  which  have  been  so  appropri- 
ately, so  impressively,  so  instructively  uttered  in  another  place, 
what  can  I  say  worth  listening  to,  on  the  most  obvious  topics 
of  the  day  ?  You  must,  I  think,  all  be  ready  to  parody  the 
remark  of  Omar,  with  reference  to  the  destruction  of  the  Al- 
exandrian Library,  and  say  to  me :  "  If  your  speech  is  to  be 
the  same  as  Dr.  Walker's  address,  we  don't  need  it ;  if  it  is  to 
be  different,  we  won't  have  it."  Your  call,  however,  sir,  as 
the  master  of  the  feast,  —  so  obligingly  seconded  as  it  has 
been  by  the  company, —  exacts  obedience  ;  and  my  past  rela- 
tions to  the  University,  my  respect  for  the  Association  of  the 
Alumni,  my  affection,  let  me  say,  for  old  Harvard,  will  not 
permit  me  to  remain  silent. 

Let  me  then,  Mr.  President,  not  as  uttering  the  language 
of  routine  or  of  stereotyped  official  compliment,  but  with 
entire  sincerity,  express  the  great  satisfaction,  the  more  than 
satisfaction,  which  I  have  enjoyed,  yesterday  and  to-day,  in 
the  hours  passed  at  this  seat  of  our  youthful  studies.  While 
there  is  that  in  the  state  of  the  country  which  makes  us  al- 
most ready  to  exclaim  with  Livius,  that  "  we  have  fallen  on 
days  when  we  can  neither  bear  our  vices  nor  their  remedies," 
while  even  around  us  the  bitter  waters  of  strife  are  gushing 
up,  in  the  midst  of  that  font  of  patriotic  joy,  opened  upon  us 
by  our  late  glorious  victories,  every  dutiful  son  of  Harvard, 
who  has  passed  yesterday  or  to-day  at  Cambridge,  must  have 
felt  that  it  was  good  to  be  here.  It  has  cheered  and  gladdened 
us  all,  I  am  sure,  to  find  that  the  harsh  tumult  of  the  outer 
world  has  not  penetrated  the  portals  of  the  temple  of  science. 
The  first  time  I  had  occasion  to  speak  in  public,  after  the 
outbreak  of  this  cruel  war,  I  expressed  the  earnest  hope  — 
for  the  sake  of  confining  the  necessary  evils  of  the  contest 
within  the  narrowest  possible  limits,  in  order  to  preserve  the 
tranquillity  of  the  public  mind,  and  to  shield  the  community 
from  the  harassing  preoccupations  of  the  struggle  which  I 
foresaw  was  to  ensue — that  all  the  great  public  establish- 
ments and  organic  institutions  of  the  country  should  strive,  to 
the  utmost,  to  pursue  their  stated  work  as  earnestly  and  stead- 

vol.  iv.  39 


BIO  HARVARD    COLLEGE    IN    THE    WAR. 

ily  as  ever.  And  certainly,  sir,  as  far  as  Harvard  is  concerned, 
I  think  we  may  claim  that,  while  she  has  done  her  whole 
duty  to  the  country,  in  the  number  of  her  gallant  sons  whom 
she  has  sent  to  the  field,  she  has,  in  all  other  respects,  as  a 
seat  of  learning  and  a  place  of  education,  carried  on  her  ap- 
propriate work  as  effectually  and  as  successfully  as  at  any 
former  period.  If  it  is  true  that  inter  arma  leges  silent,  it  is 
certainly  as  true  that,  at  our  ancient  and  beloved  University, 
inter  arma  musce  non  silent.  Never  was  the  aggregate  of  her 
students,  both  in  the  academical  and  professional  depart- 
ments, larger:  the  class  that  was  graduated  yesterday,  and  the 
class  admitted  at  the  beginning  of  the  week,  are  among  the 
most  numerous  ever  received  into  the  College  or  sent  forth 
from  it ;  the  literary  exercises  of  Commencement,  though 
deeply  stamped,  in  some  cases,  as  was  natural  and  just,  with 
the  impress  of  the  times,  would  for  range  of  reading  and 
maturity  of  thought  compare  favorably  with  those  of  any 
former  period  ;  and  when  did  Alma  Mater  ever  speak  with 
a  voice  more  persuasive  or  instructive  than  we  have  heard 
to-day  ? 

That  I  have  not  gone  too  far  in  saying  that,  while  carrying 
on  her  work  as  a  place  of  education  and  a  seat  of  learning, 
undisturbed  by  the  shock  and  commotion  of  the  times,  she 
has  performed  her  whole  duty  to  the  country,  is  sufficiently 
shown  in  that  magnificent  roll  of  honor,  truly  "  a  noble  army 
of  martyrs,"  prepared  by  Professor  Child,  and  laid  upon  the 
table  yesterday ;  and  in  its  amplification  and  commentary 
furnished  by  the  carefully  prepared  Necrology  of  Dr.  Palmer. 
I  thought  to  have  dwelt  for  a  moment  on  this  topic,  but  I  can 
add  nothing  to  what  has  been  so  beautifully  and  pathetically 
said  by  Dr.  Walker  and  yourself.  That  list  contains  the 
names  of  forty-four  young  men,  from  twenty-one  classes,  going 
no  further  back  than  1833,  who  in  the  two  short  years  since 
the  war  began  have  fallen  on  the  field  of  battle,  or  died  of 
diseases  incident  to  the  exposures  and  hardships  of  the  camp: 
in  the  past  year  alone  thirty-four  deaths,  one  half  of  the 
whole  number  of  deaths  in  battle  or  by  camp  disease !  I  leave 
to  others,  sir,  to  classmates  and  personal  friends,  to  do  fitting 


HARVARD    COLLEGE    IN    THE    WAR.  611 

justice  to  the  individual  names  recorded  on  that  illustrious 
list.  I  will  only  say  that  it  is  a  catalogue  of  which  any  in- 
stitution and  any  community  might  be  proud.  Among  them 
are  some  of  the  purest  and  brightest  names  of  the  rising  gen- 
eration,—  the  flower  of  our  youth,  —  the  ornament  of  our 
University,  —  the  joy  and  the  prop  of  their  families,  —  the 
hope  of  the  country,  —  young  men  of  talents,  of  promise,  of 
good  morals,  enough  of  themselves  and  without  considering 
what  has  been  done  at  the  other  colleges,  and  I  may  add  by 
other  classes  of  the  community,  to  throw  back  upon,  its  au- 
thors that  most  unfounded,  not  to  say  malignant  assertion, 
that  the  rank  and  file  of  our  armies  are  composed  of  the  "  scum 
of  Europe,"  and  that  they  are  officered  by  vulgar  and  venal 
demagogues.  Even  in  Dr.  Palmer's  brief  sketches  there  are 
the  death-bed  letters  of  some  of  these  noble  young  men  ;  their 
parting  testimony  to  the  justice  of  the  cause  in  which  their 
young  lives  were  laid  down ;  their  farewell  messages  to  fathers, 
and  mothers,  and  sisters,  and  friends,  —  utterances  of  patriot- 
ism, of  filial  duty,  of  heroic  self-sacrifice,  that  cannot  be  read 
without  tears. 

Let  us  hope,  too,  that  while  the  patriotic  conduct  of  the 
youth  of  our  colleges  furnishes  an  all-sufficient  answer  to  the 
foreign  detractors  to  whom  I  have  alluded,  it  will  serve  in  some 
measure  as  a  corrective  of  a  prejudice  that  has  obtained  cur- 
rency at  home,  namely,  that  the  cultivation  of  liberal  studies 
at  places  of  collegiate  education  unfits  our  young  men  for  the 
stern  duties  of  practical  life,  and  gives  them  a  distaste  for  its 
pursuits.  That  reproach  will,  I  think,  not  be  so  often  repeated 
hereafter.  Dr.  Walker  has  already  disposed  of  it  in  a  manner 
which  needs  no  supplement  of  mine.  I  will  only  ask,  what 
other  portion  of  the  community,  whose  members  are  suffi- 
ciently characterized  to  be  called  a  class,  in  any  walk  of  life, 
can,  in  proportion  to  its  numbers,  exhibit  a  longer  or  fairer 
catalogue  than  this  (Professor  Child's  list)  of  those  whom 
it  has  sent  to  the  service  of  the  country,  and  who  have  fallen 
in  her  cause  ? 

But  we  have  a  nearer  and  a  higher  duty  to  our  heroic  dead 
than  merely  to  draw  from  their  bright  example  the  refutation 


612  HARVARD    COLLEGE    IN    THE    WAR. 

of  domestic  misconception  or  foreign  calumny.  We  owe  them 
the  tribute  of  grateful  and  affectionate  commemoration.  Dr. 
Walker,  in  language  of  surpassing  eloquence,  has  pointed  the 
way  to  the  discharge  of  that  most  sacred  obligation,  and  sure 
I  am  that  the  first  care  of  those  who  shall  be  gathered  togeth- 
er as  we  now  are,  after  the  close  of  this  wicked  war,  will  be 
to  lay  the  corner-stone  of  the  monument,  which  he  has  bid 
us  erect,  "to  the  sons  of  Harvard  who  died  for  their  country. " 
I  would  fain,  too,  have  some  significant  memorial  of  their  he- 
roic self-sacrifice  inseparably  incorporated  into  our  records- 
I  can  think  of  nothing  in  this  way  more  appropriate,  than 
that  the  manner  of  their  death  should  be  visibly  indicated  in 
our  triennial  catalogue.  Its  latter  pages  the  present  year 
(and  such  no  doubt  will  continue  to  be  more  and  more  the 
case,  till  this  cruel  Rebellion  is  crushed )  are  more  than  usual- 
ly spotted  with  the  death-star  of  our  fallen  brethren.  You 
have,  sir,  made  a  beautiful  metaphorical  allusion  to  this  cir- 
cumstance, as  converting  our  catalogue  into  a  bright  rubric 
of  patriotic  self-devotion.  But  it  has  occurred  to  me  that  the 
death-star,  alike  sorrowful  and  glorious,  might,  with  great 
propriety  and  beautiful  significance,  be  printed  in  red  ink, 
and  thus  literally  turn  the  catalogue  into  a  rubric  of  patriot- 
ism, from  which  there  could  be  no  dissent.  I  presume,  as  a 
typographical  arrangement,  it  would  not  be  difficult.  I  men- 
tioned the  subject  a  few  days  since  to  the  President  and  our 
worthy  Librarian,  who  is  charged  with  the  preparation  of  the 
catalogue,  but  the  suggestion  came  too  late  for  this  year's 
edition.  I  hope  it  will  be  taken  into  consideration  when  the 
next  edition  is  printed.  There  will  be  nothing  invidious  in 
the  discrimination,  for,  even  in  the  arch  of  heaven,  not  only 
doth  one  star  differ  from  another  star  in  glory,  but  they  differ 
in  the  color  of  the  rays  they  send  forth.  Some  are  even  sup- 
posed to  be  non-luminous  and  dark,  orbs  perhaps  whose  light, 
like  that  of  the  stelligeri  in  the  early  pages  of  our  catalogue, 
has  long  since  gone  out.  Of  the  sparkling  hosts  that  crowd 
the  vault  of  heaven,  the  light  of  some  is  white,  of  others  green, 
of  others  purple.  What  this  difference  in  the  color  of  their 
rays  may  signify,  is  a  mystery  beyond  our  reach.     The  pro- 


HARVARD    COLLEGE    IN    THE    WAR.  613 

foundest  science  has  not  explored,  nor  the  most  powerful 
telescope  penetrated,  the  secret.  But  let  the  blood-red  star 
stand  before  the  names  of  our  brethren  who  have  fallen 
in  battle,  and  it  will  bear  witness,  in  all  coming  time,  and 
with  a  significance  which  none  can  mistake,  that  they  are  "  the 
sons  of  Harvard,  who  died  for  their  country." 

[Addressing  himself  to  President  Hill,  who  had  left  his 
seat  at  the  upper  table,  and  joined  his  classmates  in  another 
part  of  the  hall,  Mr.  Everett  said :  — ] 

Allow  me,  sir,  before  I  conclude,  to  offer  you  my  cordial 
congratulations  on  your  elevation  to  the  head  of  the  oldest 
American  seminary  of  education,  and  on  the  great  prosperity 
of  every  branch  of  the  Institution,  as  it  passes  into  your 
hands.  It  is  the  cordial  wish  of  one  who,  from  experience, 
knows  all  the  importance  and  responsibility  of  the  trust,  that 
this  prosperity  may  not  only  continue,  but  increase  under 
your  administration,  and  that,  equalling  the  most  distin- 
guished of  those  who  have  gone  before  you,  in  all  other  re- 
spects, a  kind  Providence  may  vouchsafe  to  you  a  privilege, 
not  enjoyed  by  your  four  immediate  predecessors,  of  devoting 
a  long  life  to  the  service  of  our  Alma  Mater. 


THE  EDUCATION   OF   THE  POOR* 


Mr.  Hyde,  Gentlemen  of  the  Committee,  my  Young 
Friends  :  — 

I  am  somewhat  afraid  that  the  character  of  this  anniver- 
sary is  changing  a  little,  and  that,  instead  of  being  simply  the 
exhibition  of  the  pupils  of  the  Everett  School,  it  is  getting 
to  be  also  an  exhibition  of  a  certain  gentleman,  considerably 
advanced  beyond  the  years  of  pupilage,  and  who  had  much 
rather  be  a  pleased  and  silent  looker-on  than  take  any  active 
part  in  the  proceedings  of  the  afternoon.  At  your  request, 
however,  Mr.  Hyde,  and  that  of  the  Committee,  and  espe- 
cially after  receiving  this  agreeable  token  [a  beautiful  bou- 
quet] of  the  kind  regard  of  our  young  friends  of  the  graduat- 
ing class,  it  would  be  churlish  in  me  to  refuse  to  express  the 
satisfaction  with  which  I  have  witnessed  the  exercises  of  the 
day,  though  I  do  it  at  some  risk  of  repeating  what  I  may 
have  said  on  former  similar  occasions,  which,  however,  I  will 
try  not  to  do. 

I  always  attend  these  exhibitions  with  pleasure ;  and  I 
have  never  done  so  with  greater  satisfaction  than  at  this  time. 
The  examination  in  the  various  branches  of  knowledge  pur- 
sued in  the  school,  the  exercises  in  reading,  —  one  of  the  most 
elegant  accomplishments,  —  and  the  specimens  of  composi- 
tion, have  been  such  as  to  reflect  the  highest  credit  on  teach- 
ers and  pupils.  I  do  not  know  that  I  can  pay  the  examina- 
tions a  higher  compliment  than  to  repeat  a  remark,  which 
my  friend  Hillard  leaned  over  and  made  to  me,  that  he  should 
be   sorry  to   have   some  of  the  questions   put  to  him  which 

*  Remarks  at  the  examination  and  exhibition  of  the  Everett  School, 
20th  July,  1863. 


THE    EDUCATION    OF    THE    POOR.  615 

were  answered  with  readiness  by  several  of  the  graduating 
class.  I  believe  there  are  not  many  of  us  on  this  platform 
who,  if  put  upon  their  honor,  would  not  echo  Mr.  Hillard's 
remark. 

It  is  almost  a  matter  of  course,  in  addressing  an  audience 
like  this,  at  the  annual  examination  and  exhibition  of  one  of 
our  public  schools,  to  allude  to  the  extent  and  importance  of 
the  provision  made  by  the  city  of  Boston  for  the  education 
of  her  children,  —  a  provision  not  surpassed  in  any  other 
city  in  the  world,  equalled  in  but  few.  The  tribute  of  ad- 
miration is  justly  due  to  the  magnitude  and  thorough  organ- 
ization of  the  system;  the  number  and  gradation  of  the 
schools  ;  the  general  high  character  of  the  teachers ;  the  com- 
modiousness  of  the  school-houses ;  the  thousands  of  pupils 
of  both  sexes  educated ;  and  the  great  expense,  defrayed  by 
taxation,  at  which  the  entire  system,  in  all  its  parts,  is  main- 
tained and  carried  on  ;  —  nearly  $  600,000  for  the  year  1861  - 
62,  although  that  was  about  $  50,000  less  than  the  expense 
of  the  preceding  year. 

I  doubt,  however,  whether  it  is  these  statistics,  important 
and  interesting  as  they  are,  which  give  us  the  clearest  idea 
of  the  subject.  To  feel  all  the  importance,  —  the  transcendent 
value  of  our  system  of  public  education,  —  we  must  contem- 
plate it  from  a  different  point  of  view ;  not  so  much  with 
reference  to  the  number  of  schools  erected  and  the  cost  at 
which  they  are  maintained,  or  even  the  number  of  pupils 
educated,  numerically  considered.  "We  ought  rather  to  re- 
flect upon  the  final  object  for  which  the  system  is  organized 
and  carried  on,  —  its  ultimate  effects,  in  connection  with  the 
well-being  of  the  community.  Let  us  look  upon  the  subject 
a  moment  in  that  light,  asking  ourselves  what  the  system  is 
and  what  it  does ;  and  of  course  I  can  on  this  occasion  only 
glance  at  the  points,  whose  full  discussion  would  require  a 
volume. 

The  number  of  public  schools,  then,  in  Boston,  of  all  kinds, 
is,  I  believe,  two  hundred  and  seventy-three,  namely,  the  Latin 
School,  the  English  High  School,  the  Girls'  High  and  Normal 
School;  twenty  grammar  schools,  —  seven  for  boys,  seven  for 


616         THE  EDUCATION  OF  THE  POOR. 

girls,  and  six  for  both  sexes,  —  and  two  hundred  and  fifty  pri- 
mary schools.  In  these  schools  of  all  kinds  about  twenty-seven 
thousand  children  were  educated  the  past  year.  Here  then 
is  an  organization  which  takes  the  entire  rising  generation 
of  both  sexes  (with  a  sad  exception,  to  which  I  shall  presently 
advert),  from  the  age  of  five  to  that  of  fifteen,  the  forming 
period  of  life,  when  the  remark  of  the  moral  poet  has  its  direct 
application,  that  "just  as  the  twig  is  bent  the  tree's  inclined," 
places  them  for  ten  years,  and  for  five  or  six  hours  daily,  un- 
der the  watchful  eye  of  vigilant  guardians;  subjects  them  all 
this  time  to  a  course  of  intellectual  and  moral  discipline  and 
instruction  under  well-qualified  and  faithful  teachers;  im- 
parts to  them  those  branches  of  knowledge  which  belong  to 
a  good  education  for  almost  any  walk  in  life ;  trains  them 
to  habits  of  industry,  application,  and  attention  to  prescribed 
duty ;  inculcates  upon  them  the  great  laws  of  moral  obliga- 
tion, and  habituates  them  to  the  proprieties  of  virtuous  social 
life.     Such,  in  a  word,  is  the  system  ;  such  its  operation. 

Now  in  this,  as  in  so  many  similar  cases,  we  are  so  famil- 
iar with  the  working  of  the  system,  it  is  presented  so  con- 
stantly in  detail  to  our  observation,  we  are  so  seldom  called 
upon  to  view  it  as  a  whole,  that  we  form  no  adequate 
conception  of  its  supreme  importance  to  the  well-being,  I 
might  rather  say  the  very  existence,  of  a  civilized  community. 
We  have  perhaps  never  asked  ourselves,  what  would  be  the 
state  of  our  city,  if  some  fatal  delusion  should  come  over  the 
public  mind,  and  the  system  of  public  education  hencefor- 
ward and  forever  should  be  done  away  with :  if,  for  instance, 
the  municipal  government,  from  this  time  forward,  were  to 
refuse  to  appropriate  a  dollar  for  education,  and  in  conse- 
quence our  school-houses  should  be  shut  up ;  our  faithful 
instructors  of  both  sexes  dismissed ;  the  twenty-seven  thou- 
sand children  now  educated  at  the  public  expense  left  to 
grow  up  in  ignorance,  mental  and  moral,  of  all  that  they  are 
now  taught  between  the  ages  of  five  and  fifteen.  Such  a 
state  of  things  implies,  of  course,  a  depravity  of  the  public 
conscience  which  would  cause  all  private  establishments  of 
education  to  be  put  a  stop  to  and  destroyed,  equally  with  the 


THE    EDUCATION    OF    THE    POOR.  617 

public.  In  short,  it  assumes  the  entire  prostration  of  the 
educational  system  of  the  country,  and  the  inauguration  of 
a  millennium  of  ignorance.  It  requires  but  little  reflection  to 
see  that,  under  such  circumstances,  the  community  would 
soon  sink  into  utter  barbarism,  as  it  is  indeed  only  in  the  lowest 
forms  of  barbarous  and  savage  life  that  schools  and  school 
education  of  some  kind  are  wholly  unknown.  Plainly,  four  or 
five  generations  would  be  enough,  under  the  blighting  influ- 
ence of  such  a  state  of  things  as  I  have  indicated,  to  reduce 
the  most  enlightened  community  to  a  level  with  the  degraded 
tribes  of  the  Pacific  islands,  or  of  the  interior  wastes  of  our 
continent. 

And  I  fear  that  we  need  not  go  so  far  as  to  the  barbarous 
tribes  of  the  Pacific  islands,  or  the  savage  aborigines  of  our 
own  continent,  to  measure  the  difference  between  a  highly 
educated  community  and  one  lying  in  a  state  of  universal 
and  midnight  darkness.  There  is  in  all  large  cities,  in  Boston 
and  New  York,  as  in  Paris  and  London,  a  city  within  the 
city;  or  rather  outside  of  the  city  of  the  educated,  the  indus- 
trious, and  the  prosperous  there  is  the  city  of  the  ignorant, 
the  wretched,  the  forlorn.  There  are  in  this  our  beloved 
Boston,  not  included  in  those  favored  twenty-seven  thousand, 
among  whom  it  is  your  great  privilege,  my  young  friends,  to 
be  included,  hundreds,  I  fear  I  must  say  thousands,  of  poor 
young  creatures,  who  have  no  part  or  share  in  this  mighty 
heritage  of  good.  Sometimes,  in  consequence  of  the  poverty 
of  the  parents,  too  great  to  provide  the  children  decent  cloth- 
ing, or  to  dispense  with  their  time,  —  the  older  children  being 
kept  at  home  to  take  care  —  and  what  care  ?  —  of  the  young- 
er ;  sometimes  from  the  short-sighted  cupidity  of  the  par- 
ents, unwilling  to  give  up  the  wretched  gains  to  be  earned  by 
peddling  newspapers  (an  unmitigated  nuisance),  lozenges, 
and  matches ;  in  many  cases  from  a  stolid  and  impenetra- 
ble insensibility  —  the  inheritance  from  generations  of  oppres- 
sion in  the  older  world  —  to  the  importance  of  education, — 
there  are,  in  this  enlightened  city  of  Boston,  whose  expendi- 
ture for  education  is  nowhere  exceeded,  some  hundreds  of 
children  who  never  go  to  school ;  who  grow  up  in  profound 


G18         THE  EDUCATION  OF  THE  POOR. 

ignorance ;  who  pass  their  lives  in  the  street,  at  best  in  the 
demoralizing  occupations  to  which  I  have  alluded  ;  often  in 
entire  idleness ;  practising  all  the  varieties  of  juvenile  vice 
and  depravity,  and  struggling  under  all  the  forms  of  juvenile 
destitution  and  suffering. 

Yes,  living,  herding  I  had  almost  said,  within  a  few  rods 
of  our  comfortable  homes;  nobody  follows  them  to  their  noi- 
some cellars  and  dismal  garrets,  save  now  and  then  a  kind- 
hearted  Samaritan  of  either  sex,  more  frequently  the  police- 
man and  the  constable  ;  they  grow  up  to  be  the  pest  and  thp 
scourge  of  the  community,  to  people  our  houses  of  correction 
and  prisons,  and  sink,  the  victims  of  want,  of  sin,  and  sorrow, 
to  early  and  unlamented  graves. 

Such  is  the  career,  I  repeat,  to  which  hundreds,  in  this  our 
generous  and  enlightened  Boston,  seem  doomed ;  poor  crea- 
tures, who,  after  public  liberality  and  private  benevolence 
have  done  their  utmost,  never  hear,  from  the  beginning  to  the 
end  of  the  year,  a  cheerful,  encouraging  word;  never  put  on  a 
clean,  decent  garment;  never  sit  down  to  a  comfortable  meal; 
never  enter  into  a  school-house  or  a  church  ;  never  utter  or 
hear  the  name  of  God  or  Christ,  except  in  some  horrid  oath. 
In  quiet  times  the  existence  of  such  a  class  —  as  a  class  —  is 
unknown  to  the  mass  of  the  community.  Individuals  belong- 
ing to  it  are  scattered,  here  and  there,  about  the  streets;  we 
gaze  with  wonder  and  pity  on  their  squalid  rags  and  haggard 
cheeks,  and  mourn  over  a  misery  which  seems  to  defy  relief. 
It  is  in  times  of  disorder  and  commotion  that  they  swarm 
from  their  coverts,  and  make  their  existence  too  sadly  felt. 
The  newspapers  tell  us  that  the  hideous  mobs,  which  have 
lately  spread  terror  and  desolation  in  the  city  of  New  York, 
were  composed  in  part  of  very  young  persons.  Out  "  of  sixty- 
six  persons  thus  far  (20th  July)  ascertained  to  have  been  killed, 
fourteen  were  boys  of  from  six  to  twelve  years  of  age,  shot 
during  the  riot  and  burning  of  the  armory  at  the  corner  of 
Twenty-first  Street  and  Second  Avenue.  Although  of  such 
tender  years,  they  were  taking  an  active  part  in  the  riot! "  In 
the  attempted  riot  in  this  city  last  week,  two  young  children 
were  killed.     No  one  supposes  that  these  children  in  New 


THE    EDUCATION    OF    THE    POOR.  619 

York  or  Boston,  though  of  the  school  age,  belong  to  the  class 
which  receives  the  tutelage  and  instruction  of  our  excellent 
schools  ;  they  belonged  unquestionably  to  that  other  unhappy 
class  which  I  have  described,  who,  for  the  reasons  I  have 
mentioned,  grow  up  without  enjoying  the  privileges  of  edu- 
cation, so  bountifully  lavished  on  you,  and  pass  the  forming 
years  of  their  life  in  ignorance,  idleness,  and  vice.  The  same 
has  ever  been  the  case,  in  the  terrible  commotions  of  Europe. 
A  large  share  of  the  disorders  of  the  Revolution  in  Paris  in 
1848  were  ascribed  to  juvenile  miscreants.  In  the  terrible 
riots  in  Bristol,  in  1831,  in  the  words  of  the  Annual  Register, 
gangs  of  boys,  "that  seemed  trained  to  their  hellish  arts," 
went  round  the  city,  setting  fire  to  buildings  public  and  pri- 
vate ;  and  the  mob  which  held  London  at  its  mercy  for  a  week 
in  1780,  of  which  I  dare  say  some  of  you,  my  young  friends, 
could  give  us  a  minute  account,  was,  according  to  Horace 
Walpole,  "  two  thirds  apprentices  and  women." 

These  and  other  similar  facts,  which  might  be  indefinitely 
multiplied,  teach  us,  in  language  too  plain  to  be  mistaken, 
that  we  are  indebted,  in  the  last  resort,  for  the  preservation  of 
peace  in  the  community,  not  exclusively  to  our  armed  sol- 
diery,—  cavalry,  artillery,  infantry,  —  necessary  as  their  interpo- 
sition is  at  critical  moments,  —  but  to  this  peaceful  army  of 
twenty-seven  thousand  children  ;  marshalled,  not  by  major 
and  brigadier  generals,  but  by  their  faithful  teachers  of  either 
sex  ;  quartered,  not  in  the  barracks  of  Readville  or  the  case- 
mates of  Fort  Independence,  but  in  these  commodious  school- 
houses  ;  and  waging  the  great  war  against  the  legion  hosts 
of  ignorance,  vice,  and  anarchy,  not  with  cannons  and  Minie 
rifles,  but  with  the  spelling-book,  the  grammar,  and  the  Bible ! 

It  has  been  objected  to  placing  the  system  of  education  for 
the  two  sexes  so  nearly  on  the  same  footing,  that  there  is  a 
want  of  employment  for  well-educated  girls;  that  we  are 
training  them  beyond  the  demands  of  society.  If  this  objec- 
tion was  ever  well  founded,  which  I  greatly  doubt,  it  is  fast 
ceasing  to  be  so.  The  circle  of  employment  for  young  women 
is  daily  widening.  Two  thirds  of  the  business  of  teaching 
in  our  schools — a  great  profession  of   itself—  has    already 


620         THE  EDUCATION  OF  THE  POOR. 

passed  into  their  hands.  Many  are  rinding  employment  as 
book-keepers  and  clerks,  and  this  will  be  more  and  more  the 
case  while  the  war  lasts.  In  short,  as  in  all  other  cases,  de- 
mand and  supply  will  act  and  react  upon  each  other,  and  in 
proportion  as  our  girls  are  educated  and  qualify  themselves 
for  occupations,  hitherto  monopolized  by  the  other  sex,  our 
young  women,  where  there  is  no  natural  unfitness,  will  find 
openings  for  the  service. 

Then  there  is  the  great  sphere  of  female  occupation  and 
influence,  —  constantly  talked  about,  but  far  too  lightly  deemed 
of  by  either  sex,  —  I  mean  the  sphere  of  home.  The  great  ob- 
ject in  life  for  both  sexes,  after  keeping  a  good  conscience, 
should  be  to  make  home  attractive  and  happy.  It  is  the 
most  terrible  of  all  mistakes,  that  the  main  thing  to  be  thought 
of  is  out-door  success;  professional  advancement,  lucrative 
business,  a  prosperous  establishment  in  life;  alas,  these  may 
all  exist  with  a  dreary,  cheerless  household !  On  the  other 
hand,  the  intellectual  treasures,  which  you,  my  young  friends, 
if  you  have  been,  as  I  know  many  of  you  have  been,  faithful 
to  your  opportunities,  will  carry  with  you  from  these  schools, 
a  taste  for  reading,  a  relish  for  the  pleasures  of  the  mind,  — 
with  a  few  well-chosen  books,  —  the  sense  to  converse  ration- 
ally on  the  important  topics  of  the  day,  —  the  ability  to  en- 
tertain the  family  circle  with  an  hour's  reading  of  an  inter- 
esting volume  aloud,  —  a  little  domestic  music,  vocal  and 
instrumental,  such  as  has  charmed  us  this  afternoon,  —  these 
will  do  more  to  make  a  happy  home  than  a  lucky  specula- 
tion in  stocks  or  a  profitable  contract  in  business.  These,  my 
dear  young  friends,  are  the  keys  which  open  the  inmost  shrine 
of  the  temple  of  earthly  felicity,  and  they  are  almost  exclu- 
sively in  the  hands  of  your  sex. 

I  was  much  struck,  a  couple  of  days  ago,  with  a  testimony 
to  the  importance  of  these  home-bred  resources  for  happiness, 
in  a  quarter  where  it  was  hardly  to  be  expected, —  I  mean  the 
correspondence  of  Napoleon  the  First.  In  the  eleventh  vol- 
ume of  that  work  (which  is  regularly  sent  to  our  noble  Public 
Library  by  the  present  Emperor  of  the  French),  I  chanced 
upon  a  very  agreeable  letter  written  in  1806,  by  Napoleon  I. 


THE    EDUCATION    OF    THE    POOR.  621 

to  his  step-son,  Prince  Eugene,  the  Viceroy  of  Italy,  then 
lately  married  to  a  Bavarian  princess.  The  mighty  chieftain 
and  conqueror,  then  at  the  height  of  his  power,  writes  to  the 
young  prince,  to  whom  he  was  much  attached,  that  he,  Prince 
Eugene,  worked  too  hard ;  that  his  life  was  too  monotonous ; 
that  he  should  throw  aside  business  at  six  o'clock,  and  pass 
the  rest  of  the  evening  in  the  company  of  his  youthful  wife  ; 
and  writing  to  her  he  says:  "I  am  going  to  send  you,"  what 
think  you,  my  young  friends,  the  great  Napoleon  promises  to 
send  to  his  young  step-daughter,  the  daughter  herself  of  a 
king,  —  not  ornaments  of  gold  and  silver,  diamonds  and 
pearls,  —  no,  "  I  am  going  to  send  you  a  nice  little  library." 

But  it  is  time  to  check  myself,  and,  repeating  the  expres- 
sion of  the  great  pleasure  with  which  I  have  listened  to  the 
various  exercises  of  the  day,  and  offering  you,  my  dear  young 
friends,  my  best  wishes,  to  give  way  to  the  gentlemen  around 
me,  whom  you  are  all  desirous  to  hear. 


NATIONAL   CEMETERY  AT   GETTYSBURG* 


Standing  beneath  this  serene  sky,  overlooking  these  broad 
fields  now  reposing  from  the  labors  of  the  waning  year,  the 
mighty  Alleghanies  dimly  towering  before  us,  the  graves  of 
our  brethren  beneath  our  feet,  it  is  with  hesitation  that  I  raise 
my  poor  voice  to  break  the  eloquent  silence  of  God  and  Na- 
ture. But  the  duty  to  which  you  have  called  me  must  be 
performed;  —  grant  me,  I  pray  you,  your  indulgence  and  your 
sympathy. 

It  was  appointed  by  law  in  Athens,  that  the  obsequies  of 
the  citizens  who  fell  in  battle  should  be  performed  at  the 
public  expense,  and  in  the  most  honorable  manner.  Their 
bones  were  carefully  gathered  up  from  the  funeral  pyre  where 
their  bodies  were  consumed,  and  brought  home  to  the  city. 
There,  for  three  days  before  the  interment,  they  lay  in  state, 
beneath  tents  of  honor,  to  receive  the  votive  offerings  of  friends 
and  relatives, —  flowers,  weapons,  precious  ornaments,  painted 
vases  (wonders  of  art,  which  after  two  thousand  years  adorn 
the  museums  of  modern  Europe),  —  the  last  tributes  of  sur- 
viving affection.  Ten  coffins  of  funereal  cypress  received  the 
honorable  deposit,  one  for  each  of  the  tribes  of  the  city,  and 
an  eleventh  in  memory  of  the  unrecognized,  but  not  therefore 
unhonored,  dead,  and  of  those  whose  remains  could  not  be 
recovered.  On  the  fourth  day  the  mournful  procession  was 
formed  :  mothers,  wives,  sisters,  daughters,  led  the  way,  and 
to  them  it  was  permitted  by  the  simplicity  of  ancient  man- 
ners to  utter  aloud  their  lamentations  for  the  beloved  and  the 
lost;  the  male  relatives  and  friends  of  the  deceased  followed; 

*  Address  at  the  consecration  of  the  National  Cemetery  at  Gettysburg, 
19th  November,  1863. 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  623 

citizens  and  strangers  closed  the  train.  Thus  marshalled, 
they  moved  to  the  place  of  interment  in  that  famous  Cera- 
micus,  the  most  beautiful  suburb  of  Athens,  which  had  been 
adorned  by  Cimon,  the  son  of  Miltiades,  with  walks  and  foun- 
tains and  columns,  —  whose  groves  were  filled  with  altars, 
shrines,  and  temples,  —  whose  gardens  were  kept  forever 
green  by  the  streams  from  the  neighboring  hills,  and  shaded 
with  the  trees  sacred  to  Minerva  and  coeval  with  the  founda- 
tion of  the  city,  —  whose  circuit  enclosed 

"  the  olive  grove  of  Academe, 
Plato's  retirement,  where  the  Attic  bird 
Trilled  his  thick-warbled  note  the  summer  long," — 

whose  pathways  gleamed  with  the  monuments  of  the  illus- 
trious dead,  the  work  of  the  most  consummate  masters  that 
ever  gave  life  to  marble.  There,  beneath  the  overarching 
plane-trees,  upon  a  lofty  stage  erected  for  the  purpose,  it  was 
ordained  that  a  funeral  oration  should  be  pronounced  by 
some  citizen  of  Athens,  in  the  presence  of  the  assembled 
multitude. 

Such  were  the  tokens  of  respect  required  to  be  paid  at 
Athens  to  the  memory  of  those  who  had  fallen  in  the  cause 
of  their  country.  For  those  alone  who  fell  at  Marathon  a 
peculiar  honor  was  reserved.  As  the  battle  fought  upon  that 
immortal  field  was  distinguished  from  all  others  in  Grecian 
history  for  its  influence  over  the  fortunes  of  Hellas,  —  as  it 
depended  upon  the  event  of  that  day  whether  Greece  should 
live,  a  glory  and  a  light  to  all  coming  time,  or  should  expire, 
like  the  meteor  of  a  moment;  so  the  honors  awarded  to  its 
martyr-heroes  were  such  as  were  bestowed  by  Athens  on  no 
other  occasion.  They  alone  of  all  her  sons  were  entombed 
upon  the  spot  which  they  had  forever  rendered  famous. 
Their  names  were  inscribed  upon  ten  pillars  erected  upon  the 
monumental  tumulus  which  covered  their  ashes  (where,  after 
six  hundred  years,  they  were  read  by  the  traveller  Pausanias), 
and  although  the  columns,  beneath  the  hand  of  time  and 
barbaric  violence,  have  long  since  disappeared,  the  venerable 
mound  still  marks  the  spot  where  they  fought  and  fell,  — 
"  That  battle-field  where  Persia's  victim-horde 
First  bowed  beneath  the  brunt  of  Hellas'  sword." 


624  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

And  shall  I,  fellow-citizens,  who,  after  an  interval  of  twen- 
ty-three centuries,  a  youthful  pilgrim  from  the  world  unknown 
to  ancient  Greece,  have  wandered  over  that  illustrious  plain, 
ready  to  put  off  the  shoes  from  off  my  feet,  as  one  that  stands 
on  holy  ground,  —  who  have  gazed  with  respectful  emotion 
on  the  mound  which  still  protects  the  dust  of  those  who  rolled 
back  the  tide  of  Persian  invasion,  and  rescued  the  land  of 
popular  liberty,  of  letters,  and  of  arts,  from  the  ruthless  foe, — 
stand  unmoved  over  the  graves  of  our  dear  brethren,  who  so 
lately,  on  three  of  those  all-important  days  which  decide  a 
nation's  history,  —  days  on  whose  issue  it  depended  whether 
this  august  republican  Union,  founded  by  some  of  the  wisest 
statesmen  that  ever  lived,  cemented  with  the  blood  of  some 
of  the  purest  patriots  that  ever  died,  should  perish  or  endure, 
—  rolled  back  the  tide  of  an  invasion,  not  less  unprovoked, 
not  less  ruthless,  than  that  which  came  to  plant  the  dark 
banner  of  Asiatic  despotism  and  slavery  on  the  free  soil  of 
Greece  ?  Heaven  forbid !  And  could  I  prove  so  insensible 
to  every  prompting  of  patriotic  duty  and  affection,  not  only 
would  you,  fellow-citizens,  gathered  many  of  you  from  dis- 
tant States,  who  have  come  to  take  part  in  these  pious  offices 
of  gratitude,  —  you,  respected  fathers,  brethren,  matrons,  sis- 
ters, who  surround  me,  —  cry  out  for  shame,  but  the  forms  of 
brave  and  patriotic  men  who  fill  these  honored  graves  would 
heave  with  indignation  beneath  the  sod. 

We  have  assembled,  friends,  fellow-citizens,  at  the  invita- 
tion of  the  Executive  of  the  great  central  State  of  Pennsyl- 
vania, seconded  by  the  Governors  of  seventeen  other  loyal 
States  of  the  Union,  to  pay  the  last  tribute  of  respect  to  the 
brave  men  who,  in  the  hard-fought  battles  of  the  first,  second, 
and  third  days  of  July  last,  laid  down  their  lives  for  the  coun- 
try on  these  hillsides  and  the  plains  before  us,  and  whose 
remains  have  been  gathered  into  the  cemetery  which  we  con- 
secrate this  day.  As  my  eye  ranges  over  the  fields  whose 
sods  were  so  lately  moistened  by  the  blood  of  gallant  and 
loyal  men,  I  feel,  as  never  before,  how  truly  it  was  said  of  old 
that  it  is  sweet  and  becoming  to  die  for  one's  country.  I 
feel,  as  never  before,  how  justly,  from  the  dawn  of  history  to 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  625 

the  present  time,  men  have  paid  the  homage  of  their  grati- 
tude and  admiration  to  the  memory  of  those  who  nobly 
sacrifice  their  lives,  that  their  fellow-men  may  live  in  safety 
and  in  honor.  And  if  this  tribute  were  ever  due,  to  whom 
•could  it  be  more  justly  paid  than  to  those  whose  last  resting- 
place  we  this  day  commend  to  the  blessing  of  Heaven  and 
of  men  ? 

For  consider,  my  friends,  what  would  have  been  the  conse- 
quences to  the  country,  to  yourselves,  and  to  all  you  hold 
dear,  if  those  who  sleep  beneath  our  feet,  and  their  gallant 
comrades  who  survive  to  serve  their  country  on  other  fields 
of  danger,  had  failed  in  their  duty  on  those  memorable  days. 
Consider  what,  at  this  moment,  would  be  the  condition  of 
the  United  States,  if  that  noble  Army  of  the  Potomac,  in- 
stead of  gallantly  and  for  the  second  time  beating  back  the 
tide  of  invasion  from  Maryland  and  Pennsylvania,  had  been 
itself  driven  from  these  well-contested  heights,  thrown  back 
in  confusion  on  Baltimore,  or  trampled  down,  discomfited, 
scattered  to  the  four  winds.  What,  in  that  sad  event,  would 
not  have  been  the  fate  of  the  Monumental  City,  of  Harris- 
burg,  of  Philadelphia,  of  Washington,  the  Capital  of  the 
Union,  each  and  every  one  of  which  would  have  lain  at  the 
mercy  of  the  enemy,  accordingly  as  it  might  have  pleased 
him,  spurred  by  passion,  flushed  with  victory,  and  confident 
of  continued  success,  to  direct  his  course  ? 

For  this  we  must  bear  in  mind,  —  it  is  one  of  the  great 
lessons  of  the  war,  indeed  of  every  war,  that  it  is  impossible 
for  a  people  without  military  organization,  inhabiting  the 
cities,  towns,  and  villages  of  an  open  country,  including  of 
course  the  natural  proportion  of  non-combatants  of  either  sex 
and  of  every  age,  to  withstand  the  inroad  of  a  veteran  army. 
What  defence  can  be  made  by  the  inhabitants  of  villages 
mostly  built  of  wood,  of  cities  unprotected  by  walls,  nay,  by 
a  population  of  men,  however  high-toned  and  resolute,  whose 
aged  parents  demand  their  care,  whose  wives  and  children 
are  clustering  about  them,  against  the  charge  of  the  war-horse 
whose  neck  is  clothed  with  thunder,  —  against  flying  artillery 
and  batteries  of  rifled  cannon  planted  on  every  commanding 

\ol.  iv.  40 


G26  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

eminence,  —  against  the  onset  of  trained  veterans  led  by  skil- 
ful chiefs  ?  No,  my  friends,  army  must  be  met-  by  army,  bat- 
tery by  battery,  squadron  by  squadron  ;  and  the  shock  of 
organized  thousands  must  be  encountered  by  the  firm  breasts 
and  valiant  arms  of  other  thousands,  as  well  organized  and' 
as  skilfully  led.  It  is  no  reproach,  therefore,  to  the  unarmed 
population  of  the  country  to  say,  that  we  owe  it  to  the  brave 
men  who  sleep  in  their  beds  of  honor  before  us,  and  to  their 
gallant  surviving  associates,  not  merely  that  your  fertile  fields, 
my  friends  of  Pennsylvania  and  Maryland,  were  redeemed 
from  the  presence  of  the  invader,  but  that  your  beautiful 
capitals  were  not  given  up  to  threatened  plunder,  perhaps 
laid  in  ashes,  Washington  seized  by  the  enemy,  and  a  blow 
struck  at  the  heart  of  the  nation. 

Who  that  hears  me  has  forgotten  the  thrill  of  joy  that  ran 
through  the  country  on  the  Fourth  of  July,  —  auspicious  day 
for  the  glorious  tidings,  and  rendered  still  more  so  by  the 
simultaneous  fall  of  Vicksburg,  —  when  the  telegraph  flashed 
through  the  land  the  assurance  from  the  President  of  the 
United  States  that  the  Army  of  the  Potomac,  under  General 
Meade,  had  again  smitten  the  invader?  Sure  I  am,  that, 
with  the  ascriptions  of  praise  that  rose  to  Heaven  from  twen- 
ty millions  of  freemen,  with  the  acknowledgments  that 
breathed  from  patriotic  lips  throughout  the  length  and 
breadth  of  America,  to  the  surviving  officers  and  men  who 
had  rendered  the  country  this  inestimable  service,  there  beat 
in  every  loyal  bosom  a  throb  of  tender  and  sorrowful  grati- 
tude to  the  martyrs  who  had  fallen  on  the  sternly  contested 
field.  Let  a  nation's  fervent  thanks  make  some  amends  for 
the  toils  and  sufferings  of  those  who  survive.  Would  that 
the  heartfelt  tribute  could  penetrate  these  honored  graves  ! 

In  order  that  we  may  comprehend,  to  their  full  extent,  our 
obligations  to  the  martyrs  and  surviving  heroes  of  the  Army 
of  the  Potomac,  let  us  contemplate  for  a  few  moments  the 
train  of  events  which  culminated  in  the  battles  of  the  first 
days  of  July.  Of  this  stupendous  rebellion,  planned,  as  its 
originators  boast,  more  than  thirty  years  ago,  matured  and 
prepared  for  during  an  entire  generation,  finally  commenced 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  627 

because,  for  the  first  time  since  the  adoption  of  the  Consti- 
tution, an  election  of  President  had  been  effected  without  the 
votes  of  the  South  (which  retained,  however,  the  control  of 
the  two  other  branches  of  the  government),  the  occupation 
of  the  national  capital,  with  the  seizure  of  the  public  archives 
and  of  the  treaties  with  foreign  powers,  was  an  essential  fea- 
ture. This  was  in  substance,  within  my  personal  knowledge, 
admitted,  in  the  winter  of  1860-61,  by  one  of  the  most  in- 
fluential leaders  of  the  rebellion ;  nnd  it  was  fondly  thought 
that  this  object  could  be  effected  by  a  bold  and  sudden  move- 
ment on  the  4th  of  March,  1861.  There  is  abundant  proof, 
also,  that  a  darker  project  was  contemplated,  if  not  by  the 
responsible  chiefs  of  the  rebellion,  yet  by  nameless  ruffians, 
willing  to  play  a  subsidiary  and  murderous  part  in  the  trea- 
sonable drama.  It  was  accordingly  maintained  by  the  Rebel 
emissaries  in  England,  in  the  circles  to  which  they  found 
access,  that  the  new  American  Minister  ought  not,  when  he 
arrived,  to  be  received  as  the  envoy  of  the  United  States, 
inasmuch  as  before  that  time  Washington  would  be  captured, 
and  the  capital  of  the  nation  and  the  archives  and  muniments 
of  the  government  would  be  in  the  possession  of  the  Confed- 
erates. In  full  accordance  also  with  this  threat,  it  was  de- 
clared by  the  Rebel  Secretary  of  War,  at  Montgomery,  in  the 
presence  of  his  Chief  and  of  his  colleagues,  and  of  five  thou- 
sand hearers,  while  the  tidings  of  the  assault  on  Sumter  were 
travelling  over  the  wires  on  that  fatal  12th  of  April,  1861, 
that  before  the  end  of  May  "  the  flag  which  then  flaunted  the 
breeze,"  as  he  expressed  it,  "  would  float  over  the  dome  of 
the  Capitol  at  Washington." 

At  the  time  this  threat  was  made  the  rebellion  was  con- 
fined to  the  cotton-growing  States,  and  it  was  well  under- 
stood by  them,  that  the  only  hope  of  drawing  any  of  the 
other  slaveholding  States  into  the  conspiracy  was  in  bringing 
about  a  conflict  of  arms,  and  "  firing  the  heart  of  the  South  " 
by  the  effusion  of  blood.  This  was  declared  by  the  Charles- 
ton press  to  be  the  object  for  which  Sumter  was  to  be  as- 
saulted ;  and  the  emissaries  sent  from  Richmond,  to  urge  on 
the  unhallowed  work,  gave  the  promise,  that,  with  the  first 


628  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

drop  of  blood  that  should  be  shed,  Virginia  would  place  her- 
self by  the  side  of  South  Carolina. 

In  pursuance  of  this  original  plan  of  the  leaders  of  the 
rebellion,  the  capture  of  Washington  has  been  continually 
had  in  view,  not  merely  for  the  sake  of  its  public  buildings, 
as  the  capital  of  the  Confederacy,  but  as  the  necessary  pre- 
liminary to  the  absorption  of  the  Border  States,  and  for  the 
moral  effect  in  the  eyes  of  Europe  of  possessing  the  metrop- 
olis of  the  Union. 

I  allude  to  these  facts,  not  perhaps  enough  borne  in  mind, 
as  a  sufficient  refutation  of  the  pretence,  on  the  part  of  the 
Rebels,  that  the  war  is  one  of  self-defence,  waged  for  the 
right  of  self-government.  It  is  in  reality  a  war  originally 
levied  by  ambitious  men  in  the  cotton-growing  States,  for  the 
purpose  of  drawing  the  slaveholding  Border  States  into  the 
vortex  of  the  conspiracy,  first  by  sympathy,  —  which  in  the 
case  of  Southeastern  Virginia,  North  Carolina,  part  of  Ten- 
nessee, and  Arkansas  succeeded,  —  and  then  by  force,  and 
for  the  purpose  of  subjugating  Maryland,  "Western  Virginia, 
Kentucky,  Eastern  Tennessee,  and  Missouri;  and  it  is  a  most 
extraordinary  fact,  considering  the  clamors  of  the  Rebel  chiefs 
on  the  subject  of  invasion,  that  not  a  soldier  of  the  United 
States  has  entered  the  States  last  named,  except  to  defend 
their  Union-loving  inhabitants  from  the  armies  and  guerillas 
of  the  Rebels. 

In  conformity  with  these  designs  on  the  city  of  Washing- 
ton, and  notwithstanding  the  disastrous  results  of  the  inva- 
sion of  1862,  it  was  determined  by  the  Rebel  government  last 
summer  to  resume  the  offensive  in  that  direction.  Unable  to 
force  the  passage  of  the  Rappahannock  where  General  Hook- 
er, notwithstanding  the  reverse  at  Chancellorsville  in  May, 
was  strongly  posted,  the  Confederate  general  resorted  to 
strategy.  He  had  two  objects  in  view.  The  first  was,  by  a 
rapid  movement  northward,  and  by  manoeuvring  with  a  por- 
tion of  his  army  on  the  east  side  of  the  Blue  Ridge,  to  tempt 
Hooker  from  his  base  of  operations,  thus  leading  him  to  un- 
cover the  approaches  to  Washington,  to  throw  it  open  to  a 
raid  by  Stuart's  cavalry,  and  to  enable  Lee  himself  to  cross 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  629 

the  Potomac  in  the  neighborhood  of  Poolesville  and  thus  fall 
upon  the  capital.  This  plan  of  operations  was  wholly  frus- 
trated. The  design  of  the  Rebel  general  was  promptly  dis- 
covered by  General  Hooker,  and,  moving  with  great  rapidity 
from  Fredericksburg,  he  preserved  unbroken  the  inner  line, 
and  stationed  the  various  corps  of  his  army  at  all  the  points 
protecting  the  approach  to  Washington,  from  Centreville  up 
to  Leesburg.  From  this  vantage-ground  the  Rebel  general 
in  vain  attempted  to  draw  him.  In  the  mean  time,  by  the 
vigorous  operations  of  Pleasonton's  cavalry,  the  cavalry  of 
Stuart,  though  greatly  superior  in  numbers,  was  so  crippled 
as  to  be  disabled  from  performing  the  part  assigned  it  in  the 
campaign.  In  this  manner  General  Lee's  first  object,  name- 
ly, the  defeat  of  Hooker's  army  on  the  south  of  the  Potomac, 
and  a  direct  march  on  Washington,  was  baffled. 

The  second  part  of  the  Confederate  plan,  which  is  supposed 
to  have  been  undertaken  in  opposition  to  the  views  of  Gen- 
eral Lee,  was  to  turn  the  demonstration  northward  into  a  real 
invasion  of  Maryland  and  Pennsylvania,  in  the  hope  that,  in 
this  way,  General  Hooker  would  be  drawn  to  a  distance  from 
the  capital,  and  that  some  opportunity  would  occur  of  taking 
him  at  disadvantage,  and,  after  defeating  his  army,  of  making 
a  descent  upon  Baltimore  and  Washington.  This  part  of 
General  Lee's  plan,  which  was  substantially  the  repetition  of 
that  of  1862,  was  not  less  signally  defeated,  with  what  honor 
to  the  arms  of  the  Union  the  heights  on  which  we  are  this 
day  assembled  will  forever  attest. 

Much  time  had  been  uselessly  consumed  by  the  Rebel  gen- 
eral in  his  unavailing  attempts  to  out-manceuvre  General 
Hooker.  Although  General  Lee  broke  up  from  Fredericks- 
burg on  the  3d  of  June,  it  was  not  till  the  24th  that  the  main 
body  of  his  army  entered  Maryland.  Instead  of  crossing  the 
Potomac,  as  he  had  intended,  east  of  the  Blue  Ridge,  he  was 
compelled  to  do  it  at  Shepherdstown  and  Williamsport,  thus 
materially  deranging  his  entire  plan  of  campaign  north  of  the 
river.  Stuart,  who  had  been  sent  with  his  cavalry  to  the  east 
of  the  Blue  Ridge,  to  guard  the  passes  of  the  mountains,  to 
mask  the  movements  of  Lee,  and  to  harass  the  Union  general 


630  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

in  crossing  the  river,  having  been  very  severely  handled  by 
Pleasonton  at  Beverly  Ford,  Aldie,  and  Upperville,  instead  of 
being  able  to  retard  General  Hooker's  advance,  was  driven 
himself  away  from  his  connection  with  the  army  of  Lee,  and 
cut  off  for  a  fortnight  from  all  communication  with  it,  —  a 
circumstance  to  which  General  Lee,  in  his  report,  alludes 
more  than  once,  with  evident  displeasure.  Let  us  now  rapid- 
ly glance  at  the  incidents  of  the  eventful  campaign. 

A  detachment  from  Ewell's  corps,  under  Jenkins,  had  pen- 
etrated, on  the  15th  of  June,  as  far  as  Chambersburg.  This 
movement  was  intended  at  first  merely  as  a  demonstration, 
and  as  a  marauding  expedition  for  supplies.  It  had,  however, 
the  salutary  effect  of  alarming  the  country  ;  and  vigorous 
preparations  were  made,  not  only  by  the  General  Govern- 
ment, but  here  in  Pennsylvania  and  in  the  sister  States,  to 
repel  the  inroad.  After  two  days  passed  at  Chambersburg, 
Jenkins,  anxious  for  his  communications  with  Ewell,  fell  back 
with  his  plunder  to  Hagerstown.  Here  he  remained  for  sev- 
eral days,  and  then,  having  swept  the  recesses  of  the  Cumber- 
land valley,  came  down  upon  the  eastern  flank  of  the  South 
Mountain,  and  pushed  his  marauding  parties  as  far  as 
Waynesboro.  On  the  22d  the  remainder  of  Ewell's  corps 
crossed  the  river  and  moved  up  the  valley.  They  were  fol- 
lowed on  the  24th  by  Longstreet  and  Hill,  who  crossed  at 
Williamsport  and  Shepherdstown,  and,  pushing  up  the  valley, 
encamped  at  Chambersburg  on  the  27th.  In  this  way  the 
whole  Rebel  army,  estimated  at  90,000  infantry,  upwards  of 
10,000  cavalry,  and  4,000  or  5,000  artillery,  making  a  total  of 
105,000  of  all  arms,  was  concentrated  in  Pennsylvania. 

Up  to  this  time  no  report  of  Hooker's  movements  had  been 
received  by  General  Lee,  who,  having  been  deprived  of  his 
cavalry,  had  no  means  of  obtaining  information.  Rightly 
judging,  however,  that  no  time  would  be  lost  by  the  Union 
army  in  the  pursuit,  in  order  to  detain  it  on  the  eastern  side 
of  the  mountains  in  Maryland  and  Pennsylvania,  and  thus 
preserve  his  communications  by  the  way  of  Williamsport,  he 
had,  before  his  own  arrival  at  Chambersburg,  directed  Ewell 
to  send  detachments  from  his  corps  to  Carlisle  and  York. 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  631 

The  latter  detachment,  under  Early,  passed  through  this  place 
on  the  26th  of  June.  You  need  not,  fellow-citizens  of  Gettys- 
burg, that  I  should  recall  to  you  those  moments  of  alarm  and 
distress,  precursors  as  they  were  of  the  more  trying  scenes 
which  were  so  soon  to  follow. 

As  soon  as  General  Hooker  perceived  that  the  advance  of 
the  Confederates  into  the  Cumberland  valley  was  not  a  mere 
feint  to  draw  him  away  from  Washington,  he  moved  rapidly 
in  pursuit.  Attempts,  as  we  have  seen,  were  made  to  harass 
and  retard  his  passage  across  the  Potomac.  These  attempts 
were  not  only  altogether  unsuccessful,  but  were  so  unskilfully 
made  as  to  place  the  entire  Federal  army  between  the  cavalry 
of  Stuart  and  the  army  of  Lee.  While  the  latter  was  massed 
in  the  Cumberland  valley,  Stuart  was  east  of  the  mountains, 
with  Hooker's  army  between,  and  Gregg's  cavalry  in  close 
pursuit.  Stuart  was  accordingly  compelled  to  force  a  march 
northward,  which  was  destitute  of  strategical  character,  and 
which  deprived  his  chief  of  all  means  of  obtaining  intelli- 
gence. 

Not  a  moment  had  been  lost  by  General  Hooker  in  the 
pursuit  of  Lee.  The  day  after  the  Rebel  army  entered  Mary- 
land the  Union  army  crossed  the  Potomac  at  Edwards' 
Ferry,  and  by  the  28th  of  June  lay  between  Harper's  Ferry 
and  Frederick.  The  force  of  the  enemy  on  that  day  was 
partly  at  Chambersburg,  and  partly  moving  on  the  Cashtown 
road  in  the  direction  of  Gettysburg,  while  the  detachments 
from  EwelPs  corps,  of  which  mention  has  been  made,  had 
reached  the  Susquehannah  opposite  Harrisburg  and  Colum- 
bia. That  a  great  battle  must  soon  be  fought  no  one  could 
doubt;  but,  in  the  apparent  and  perhaps  real  absence  of  plan 
on  the  part  of  Lee,  it  was  impossible  to  foretell  the  precise 
scene  of  the  encounter.  Wherever  fought,  consequences  the 
most  momentous  hung  upon  the  result. 

In  this  critical  and  anxious  state  of  affairs  General  Hooker 
was  relieved,  and  General  Meade  was  summoned  to  the  chief 
command  of  the  army.  It  appears  to  my  unmilitary  judg- 
ment to  reflect  the  highest  credit  upon  him,  upon  his  prede- 
cessor, and  upon  the  corps  commanders  of  the  Army  of  the 


632  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

Potomac,  that  a  change  could  take  place  in  the  chief  com- 
mand of  so  large  a  force  on  the  eve  of  a  general  battle,  —  the 
various  corps  necessarily  moving  on  lines  somewhat  divergent, 
and  all  in  ignorance  of  the  enemy's  intended  point  of  concen- 
tration,—  and  that  not  an  hour's  hesitation  should  ensue  in 
the  advance  of  any  portion  of  the  entire  army. 

Having  assumed  the  chief  command  on  the  28th,  General 
Meade  directed  his  left  wing,  under  Reynolds,  upon  Emmetts- 
burg  and  his  right  upon  New  Windsor,  leaving  General 
French  with  11,000  men  to  protect  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio 
Railroad,  and  convoy  the  public  property  from  Harper's  Fer- 
ry to  Washington.  Buford's  cavalry  was  then  at  this  place, 
and  Kilpatrick's  at  Hanover,  where  he  encountered  and  de- 
feated the  rear  of  Stuart's  cavalry,  who  was  roving  the  coun- 
try in  search  of  the  main  army  of  Lee.  On  the  Rebel  side, 
Hill  had  reached  Fayetteville  on  the  Cashtown  road  on  the 
28th,  and  was  followed  on  the  same  road  by  Longstreet  on 
the  29th.  The  eastern  side  of  the  mountain,  as  seen  from 
Gettysburg,  was  lighted  up  at  night  by  the  camp-fires  of  the 
enemy's  advance,  and  the  country  swarmed  with  his  foraging 
parties.  It  was  now  too  evident  to  be  questioned,  that  the 
thunder-cloud,  so  long  gathering  blackness,  would  soon  burst 
on  some  part  of  the  devoted  vicinity  of  Gettysburg. 

The  30th  of  June  was  a  day  of  important  preparation.  At 
half  past  eleven  o'clock  in  the  morning  General  Buford  passed 
through  Gettysburg,  upon  a  reconnoissance  in  force,  with  his 
cavalry,  upon  the  Chambersburg  road.  The  information 
obtained  by  him  was  immediately  communicated  to  General 
Reynolds,  who  was,  in  consequence,  directed  to  occupy  Gettys- 
burg. That  gallant  officer  accordingly,  with  the  First  Corps, 
marched  from  Emmettsburg  to  within  six  or  seven  miles  of 
this  place,  and  encamped  on  the  right  bank  of  Marsh's  Creek. 
Our  right  wing,  meantime,  was  moved  to  Manchester.  On 
the  same  day  the  corps  of  Hill  and  Longstreet  were  pushed 
still  farther  forward  on  the  Chambersburg  road,  and  distrib- 
uted in  the  vicinity  of  Marsh's  Creek,  while  a  reconnoissance 
was  made  by  the  Confederate  General  Petigru  up  to  a  very 
short  distance  from  this  place.     Thus  at  nightfall  on  the  30th 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  633 

of  June  the  greater  part  of  the  Rebel  force  was  concentrated 
in  the  immediate  vicinity  of  two  corps  of  the  Union  army, 
the  former  refreshed  by  two  days  passed  in  comparative  re- 
pose and  deliberate  preparation  for  the  encounter,  the  latter 
separated  by  a  march  of  one  or  two  days  from  their  support- 
ing corps,  and  doubtful  at  what  precise  point  they  were  to 
expect  an  attack. 

And  now  the  momentous  day,  a  day  to  be  forever  remem- 
bered in  the  annals  of  the  country,  arrived.  Early  in  the 
morning  on  the  1st  of  July  the  conflict  began.  I  need  not 
say  that  it  would  be  impossible  for  me  to  comprise,  within 
the  limits  of  the  hour,  such  a  narrative  as  would  do  anything 
like  full  justice  to  the  all-important  events  of  these  three  great 
days,  or  to  the  merit  of  the  brave  officers  and  men  of  every 
rank,  of  every  arm  of  the  service,  and  of  every  loyal  State, 
who  bore  their  part  in  the  tremendous  struggle, —  alike  those 
who  nobly  sacrificed  their  lives  for  their  country,  and  those 
who  survive,  many  of  them  scarred  with  honorable  wounds, 
the  objects  of  our  admiration  and  gratitude.  The  astonish- 
ingly minute,  accurate,  and  graphic  accounts  contained  in  the 
journals  of  the  day,  prepared  from  personal  observation  by 
reporters  who  witnessed  the  scenes  and  often  shared  the  perils 
which  they  describe,  and  the  highly  valuable  "  Notes  "  of  Pro- 
fessor Jacobs  of  the  University  in  this  place,  to  which  I  am 
greatly  indebted,  will  abundantly  supply  the  deficiency  of  my 
necessarily  too  condensed  statement* 

*  Besides  the  sources  of  information  mentioned  in  the  text,  I  have  been 
kindly  favored  with  a  memorandum  of  the  operations  of  the  three  days 
drawn  up  for  me  by  direction  of  Major-General  Meade  (anticipating  the 
promulgation  of  his  official  report),  by  one  of  his  aids,  Colonel  Theodore 
Lyman,  from  whom  also  I  have  received  other  important  communications 
relative  to  the  campaign.  I  have  received  very  valuable  documents  relative 
to  the  battle  from  Major-General  Halleck,  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  army, 
and  have  been  much  assisted  in  drawing  up  the  sketch  of  the  campaign,  by 
the  detailed  reports,  kindly  transmitted  to  me  in  manuscript  from  the  Adju- 
tant-General's office,  of  the  movements  of  every  corps  of  the  army,  for  each 
day,  after  the  breaking  up  from  Fredericksburg  commenced.  I  have  derived 
much  assistance  from  Colonel  John  B.  Bachelder's  oral  explanations  of  his 
beautiful  and   minute   drawing   (about  to  be  engraved)  of  the  field  of  the 


634  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

General  Reynolds,  on  arriving  at  Gettysburg  in  the  morn- 
ing of  the  1st,  found  Buford  with  his  cavalry  warmly  engaged 
with  the  enemy,  whom  he  held  most  gallantly  in  check.  Has- 
tening himself  to  the  front,  General  Reynolds  directed  his 
men  to  be  moved  over  the  fields  from  the  Emmettsburg  road, 
in  front  of  McMillan's  and  Dr.  Schmucker's,  under  cover  of 
the  Seminary  Ridge.  Without  a  moment's  hesitation,  he 
attacked  the  enemy,  at  the  same  time  sending  orders  to  the 
Eleventh  Corps  (General  Howard's)  to  advance  as  promptly 
as  possible.  General  Reynolds  immediately  found  himself 
engaged  with  a  force  which  greatly  outnumbered  his  own,  and 
had  scarcely  made  his  dispositions  for  the  action  when  he  fell, 
mortally  wounded,  at  the  head  of  his  advance.  The  com- 
mand of  the  First   Corps  devolved  on   General  Doubleday, 

three  days'  struggle.  With  the  information  derived  from  these  sources  I 
have  compared  the  statements  in  General  Lee's  official  report  of  the  cam- 
paign, dated  31st  July,  1863,  a  well-written  article,  purporting  to  be  an 
account  of  the  three  days'  battle,  in  the  Richmond  Enquirer  of  the  22d  of 
July,  and  the  article  on  "  The  Battle  of  Gettysburg  and  the  Campaign  of 
Pennsylvania,"  by  an  officer,  apparently  a  colonel  in  the  British  army,  in 
Blackwood's  Magazine  for  September.  The  value  of  the  information  con- 
tained in  this  last  essay  may  be  seen  by  comparing  the  remark  under  date 
27th  of  June,  that  ''private  property  is  to  be  rigidly  protected,"  with  the 
statement  in  the  next  sentence  but  one,  that  "  all  the  cattle  and  farm-horses 
having  been  seized  by  Ewell,  farm  labor  had  come  to  a  complete  stand-still." 
He  also,  under  date  of  4  th  July,  speaks  of  Lee's  retreat  being  encumbered 
by  "  Ewell's  immense  train  of  plunder."  This  writer  informs  us,  that,  on  the 
evening  of  the  4th  of  July,  he  heard  "  reports  coming  in  from  the  different 
Generals  that  the  enemy  (Meade's  army)  was  retiring,  and  had  been  doing 
so  all  day  long."  At  a  consultation  at  head-quarters  on  the  6th,  between 
Generals  Lee,  Longstreet,  Hill,  and  Wilcox,  this  writer  was  told  by  some 
one,  whose  name  he  prudently  leaves  in  blank,  that  the  army  had  no  inten- 
tion at  present  of  retreating  for  good,  and  that  some  of  the  enemy's  de- 
spatches had  been  intercepted,  in  which  the  following  words  occur :  "  The 
noble,  but  unfortunate  Army  of  the  Potomac  has  again  been  obliged  to 
retreat  before  superior  numbers  !"  He  does  not  appear  to  be  aware,  that, 
in  recording  these  wretched  expedients,  resorted  to  in  order  to  keep  up  the 
spirits  of  Lee's  army,  he  furnishes  the  most  complete  refutation  of  his  own 
account  of  its  good  condition.  I  much  regret  that  General  Meade's  official 
report  was  not  published  in  season  to  enable  me  to  take  full  advantage  of  it, 
in  preparing  the  brief  sketch  of  the  battles  of  the  three  days  contained  in 
this  Address.     It  reached  me  but  the  morning  before  it  was  sent  to  the  press. 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  635 

and  that  of  the  field  on  General  Howard,  who  arrived  at  11.30 
with  Schurz's  and  Barlow's  divisions  of  the  Eleventh  Corps, 
the  latter  of  whom  received  a  severe  wound.  Thus  strength- 
ened, the  advantage  of  the  battle  was  for  some  time  on  our 
side.  The  attacks  of  the  Rebels  were  vigorously  repulsed  by 
Wadsworth's  division  of  the  First  Corps,  and  a  large  number 
of  prisoners,  including  General  Archer,  were  captured.  At 
length,  however,  the  continued  reinforcement  of  the  Confed- 
erates from  the  main  body  in  the  neighborhood,  and  by  the 
divisions  of  Rodes  and  Early,  coming  down  by  separate  lines 
from  Heidlersberg  and  taking  post  on  our  extreme  right, 
turned  the  fortunes  of  the  day.  Our  army,  after  contesting 
the  ground  for  five  hours,  was  obliged  to  yield  to  the  enemy, 
whose  force  outnumbered  them  two  to  one ;  and  toward  the 
close  of  the  afternoon  General  Howard  deemed  it  prudent  to 
withdraw  the  two  corps  to  the  heights  where  we  are  now 
assembled.  The  greater  part  of  the  First  Corps  passed 
through  the  outskirts  of  the  town,  and  reached  the  hill  with- 
out serious  loss  or  molestation.  The  Eleventh  Corps  and 
portions  of  the  First,  not  being  aware  that  the  enemy  had 
already  entered  the  town  from  the  north,  attempted  to  force 
their  way  through  Washington  and  Baltimore  Streets,  which, 
in  the  crowd  and  confusion  of  the  scene,  they  did  with  a  heavy 
loss  in  prisoners. 

General  Howard  was  not  unprepared  for  this  turn  in  the 
fortunes  of  the  day.  He  had  in  the  course  of  the  morning 
caused  Cemetery  Hill  to  be  occupied  by  General  Steinwehr, 
with  the  second  division  of  the  Eleventh  Corps.  About  the 
time  of  the  withdrawal  of  our  troops  to  the  hill  General 
Hancock  arrived,  having  been  sent  by  General  Meade,  on 
hearing  of  the  death  of  Reynolds,  to  assume  the  command 
of  the  field  till  he  himself  could  reach  the  front.  In  conjunc- 
tion with  General  Howard,  General  Hancock  immediately 
proceeded  to  post  troops  and  to  repel  an  attack  on  our  right 
flank.  This  attack  was  feebly  made  and  promptly  repulsed. 
At  nightfall,  our  troops  on  the  hill,  who  had  so  gallantly  sus- 
tained themselves  during  the  toil  and  peril  of  the  day,  were 
cheered  by  the  arrival  of  General  Slocum  with  the  Twelfth 
Corps  and  of  General  Sickles  with  a  part  of  the  Third. 


636  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

Such  was  the  fortune  of  the  first  day,  commencing  with 
decided  success  to  our  arms,  followed  by  a  check,  but  ending 
in  the  occupation  of  this  all-important  position.  To  you, 
fellow-citizens  of  Gettysburg,  I  need  not  attempt  to  portray 
the  anxieties  of  the  ensuing  night.  Witnessing  as  you  had 
done  with  sorrow  the  withdrawal  of  our  army  through  your 
streets,  with  a  considerable  loss  of  prisoners,  —  mourning  as 
you  did  over  the  brave  men  who  had  fallen,  —  shocked  with 
the  wide-spread  desolation  around  you,  of  which  the  wanton 
burning  of  the  Harman  House  had  given  the  signal,  —  igno- 
rant of  the  near  approach  of  General  Meade,  you  passed  the 
weary  hours  of  the  night  in  painful  expectation. 

Long  before  the  dawn  of  the  2d  of  July,  the  new  Com- 
mander-in-Chief had  reached  the  ever-memorable  field  of  ser- 
vice and  glory.  Having  received  intelligence  of  the  events 
in  progress,  and  informed  by  the  reports  of  Generals  Han- 
cock and  Howard  of  the  favorable  character  of  the  position, 
he  determined  to  give  battle  to  the  enemy  at  this  point.  He 
accordingly  directed  the  remaining  corps  of  the  army  to  con- 
centrate at  Gettysburg  with  all  possible  expedition,  and 
breaking  up  his  head-quarters  at  Taneytown  at  10  p.  m.,  he 
arrived  at  the  front  at  one  o'clock  in  the  morning  of  the  2d 
of  July.  Few  were  the  moments  given  to  sleep,  during  the 
rapid  watches  of  that  brief  midsummer's  night,  by  officers  or 
men,  though  half  of  our  troops  were  exhausted  by  the  con- 
flict of  the  day,  and  the  residue  wearied  by  the  forced  marches 
which  had  brought  them  to  the  rescue.  The  full  moon,  veiled 
by  thin  clouds,  shone  down  that  night  on  a  strangely  unwont- 
ed scene.  The  silence  of  the  graveyard  was  broken  by  the 
heavy  tramp  of  armed  men,  by  the  neigh  of  the  war-horse, 
the  harsh  rattle  of  the  wheels  of  artillery  hurrying  to  their 
stations,  and  all  the  indescribable  tumult  of  preparation.  The 
various  corps  of  the  army,  as  they  arrived,  were  moved  to 
their  positions,  on  the  spot  where  we  are  assembled  and  the 
ridges  that  extend  southeast  and  southwest ;  batteries  were 
planted,  and  breastworks  thrown  up.  The  Second  and  Fifth 
Corps,  with  the  rest  of  the  Third,  had  reached  the  ground  by 
seven  o'clock,  a.  m.  ;    but  it  was  not  till  two  o'clock  in  the 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  637 

afternoon  that  Sedgwick  arrived  with  the  Sixth  Corps.  He 
had  marched  thirty-four  miles  since  nine  o'clock  on  the  even- 
ing before.  It  was  only  on  his  arrival  that  the  Union  army 
approached  an  equality  of  numbers  with  that  of  the  Rebels, 
who  were  posted  upon  the  opposite  and  parallel  ridge,  distant 
from  a  mile  to  a  mile  and  a  half,  overlapping  our  position  on 
either  wing,  and  probably  exceeding  by  ten  thousand  the  army 
of  General  Meade.* 

And  here  I  cannot  but  remark  on  the  providential  inaction 
of  the  Rebel  army.  Had  the  contest  been  renewed  by  it  at 
daylight  on  the  2d  of  July,  with  the  First  and  Eleventh  Corps 
exhausted  by  the  battle  and  the  retreat,  the  Third  and  Twelfth 
weary  from  their  forced  march,  and  the  Second,  Fifth,  and 
Sixth  not  yet  arrived,  nothing  but  a  miracle  could  have  saved 
the  army  from  a  great  disaster.  Instead  of  this,  the  day 
dawned,  the  sun  rose,  the  cool  hours  of  the  morning  passed, 
the  forenoon  and  a  considerable  part  of  the  afternoon  wore 
away,  without  the  slightest  aggressive  movement  on  the  part 
of  the  enemy.  Thus  time  was  given  for  half  of  our  forces  to 
arrive  and  take  their  place  in  the  lines,  while  the  rest  of  the 
army  enjoyed  a  much-needed  half-day's  repose. 

At  length,  between  three  and  four  o'clock  in  the  afternoon, 
the  work  of  death  began.  A  signal-gun  from  the  hostile  bat- 
teries was  followed  by  a  tremendous  cannonade  along  the 
Rebel  lines,  and  this  by  a  heavy  advance  of  infantry,  brigade 
after  brigade,  commencing  on  the  enemy's  right  against  the 
left  of  our  army,  and  so  onward  to  the  left  centre.  A  for- 
ward movement  of  General  Sickles,  to  gain  a  commanding 
position  from  which  to  repel  the  Rebel  attack,  drew  upon  him 
a  destructive  fire  from  the  enemy's  batteries,  and  a  furious 
assault  from  Longstreet's  and  Hill's  advancing  troops.     After 

*  In  the  Address  as  originally  prepared,  judging  from  the  best  sources  of 
information  then  within  my  reach,  I  assumed  the  equality  of  the  two  armies 
on  the  2d  and  3d  of  July.  Subsequent  inquiry  has  led  me  to  think  that  I 
underrated  somewhat  the  strength  of  Lee's  force  at  Gettysburg,  and  I  have 
corrected  the  text  accordingly.  General  Halleck,  however,  in  his  official 
report  accompanying  the  President's  messages,  states  the  armies  to  have  been 
equal. 


638  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

a  brave  resistance  on  the  part  of  his  corps,  he  was  forced 
back,  himself  falling  severely  wounded.  This  was  the  critical 
moment  of  the  second  day ;  but  the  Fifth  and  a  part  of  the 
Sixth  Corps,  with  portions  of  the  First  and  Second,  were 
promptly  brought  to  the  support  of  the  Third.  The  struggle 
was  fierce  and  murderous,  but  by  sunset  our  success  was  de- 
cisive, and  the  enemy  was  driven  back  in  confusion.  The 
most  important  service  was  rendered  toward  the  close  of  the 
day,  in  the  memorable  advance  between  Round  Top  and 
Little  Round  Top,  by  General  Crawford's  division  of  the 
Fifth  Corps,  consisting  of  two  brigades  of  the  Pennsylvania 
Reserves,  of  which  one  company  was  from  this  town  and 
neighborhood.  The  Rebel  force  was  driven  back  with  great 
loss  in  killed  and  prisoners.  At  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening 
a  desperate  attempt  was  made  by  the  enemy  to  storm  the 
position  of  the  Eleventh  Corps  on  Cemetery  Hill ;  but  here, 
too,  after  a  terrible  conflict,  he  was  repulsed  with  immense 
loss.  Ewell,  on  our  extreme  right,  which  had  been  weakened 
by  the  withdrawal  of  the  troops  sent  over  to  support  our  left, 
had  succeeded  in  gaining  a  foothold  within  a  portion  of  our 
lines,  near  Spangler's  Spring.  This  was  the  only  advantage 
obtained  by  the  Rebels  to  compensate  them  for  the  disasters 
of  the  day,  and  of  this,  as  we  shall  see,  they  were  soon  de- 
prived. 

Such  was  the  result  of  the  second  act  of  this  eventful 
drama,  —  a  day  hard  fought,  and  at  one  moment  anxious, 
but,  with  the  exception  of  the  slight  reverse  just  named, 
crowned  with  dearly  earned  but  uniform  success  to  our  arms, 
auspicious  of  a  glorious  termination  of  the  final  struggle. 
On  these  good  omens  the  night  fell. 

In  the  course  of  the  night  General  Geary  returned  to  his 
position  on  the  right,  from  which  he  had  hastened  the  day 
before  to  strengthen  the  Third  Corps.  He  immediately  en- 
gaged the  enemy,  and,  after  a  sharp  and  decisive  action,  drove 
them  out  of  our  lines,  recovering  the  ground  which  had  been 
lost  on  the  preceding  day.  A  spirited  contest  was  kept  up 
all  the  morning  on  this  part  of  the  line ;  but  General  Geary, 
reinforced  by  Wheaton's  brigade  of  the  Sixth  Corps,  main- 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  639 

tained  his  position,  and  inflicted  very  severe  losses  on  the 
Rebels. 

Such  was  the  cheering  commencement  of  the  third  day's 
work,  and  with  it  ended  all  serious  attempts  of  the  enemy  on 
our  right.  As  on  the  preceding  day,  his  efforts  were  now 
mainly  directed  against  our  left  centre  and  left  wing.  From 
eleven  till  half  past  one  o'clock  all  was  still,  —  a  solemn 
pause  of  preparation,  as  if  both  armies  were  nerving  them- 
selves for  the  supreme  effort.  At  length  the  awful  silence, 
more  terrible  than  the  wildest  tumult  of  battle,  was  broken 
by  the  roar  of  two  hundred  and  fifty  pieces  of  artillery  from 
the  opposite  ridges,  joining  in  a  cannonade  of  unsurpassed 
violence,  —  the  Rebel  batteries  along  two  thirds  of  their  line 
pouring  their  fire  upon  Cemetery  Hill,  and  the  centre  and  left 
wing  of  our  army.  Having  attempted  in  this  way  for  two 
hours,  but  without  success,  to  shake  the  steadiness  of  our 
lines,  the  enemy  rallied  his  forces  for  a  last  grand  assault. 
Their  attack  was  principally  directed  against  the  position  of 
our  Second  Corps.  Successive  lines  of  Rebel  infantry  moved 
forward  with  equal  spirit  and  steadiness  from  their  cover  on 
the  wooded  crest  of  Seminary  Ridge,  crossing  the  intervening 
plain,  and,  supported  right  and  left  by  their  choicest  brigades, 
charged  furiously  up  to  our  batteries.  Our  own  brave  troops 
of  the  Second  Corps,  supported  by  Doubleday's  division  and 
Stannard's  brigade  of  the  First,  received  the  shock  with  firm- 
ness ;  the  ground  on  both  sides  was  long  and  fiercely  contest- 
ed, and  was  covered  with  the  killed  and  the  wounded  ;  the 
tide  of  battle  flowed  and  ebbed  across  the  plain,  till,  after  "a 
determined  and  gallant  struggle,"  as  it  is  pronounced  by  Gen- 
eral Lee,  the  Rebel  advance,  consisting  of  two  thirds  of  Hill's 
corps  and  the  whole  of  Longstreet's,  —  including  Pickett's  di- 
vision, the  elite  of  his  corps,  which  had  not  yet  been  under  fire, 
and  was  now  depended  upon  to  decide  the  fortune  of  this  last 
eventful  day,  —  was  driven  back  with  prodigious  slaughter, 
discomfited  and  broken.  While  these  events  were  in  pro- 
gress at  our  left  centre,  the  enemy  was  driven,  with  a  consider- 
able loss  of  prisoners,  from  a  strong  position  on  our  extreme 
left,  from  which  he  was  annoying  our  force  on  Little  Round 


640  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

Top.  In  the  terrific  assault  on  our  centre  Generals  Hancock 
and  Gibbon  were  wounded.  In  the  Rebel  army,  Generals 
Armistead,  Kemper,  Petigru,  and  Trimble  were  wounded, 
the  first  named  mortally,  the  latter  also  made  prisoner,  Gen- 
eral Garnett  was  killed,  and  thirty-five  hundred  officers  and 
men  made  prisoners. 

These  were  the  expiring  agonies  of  the  three  days'  conflict, 
and  with  them  the  battle  ceased.  It  was  fought  by  the  Union 
army  with  courage  and  skill,  from  the  first  cavalry  skirmish 
on  Wednesday  morning  to  the  fearful  rout  of  the  enemy  on 
Friday  afternoon,  by  every  arm  and  every  rank  of  the  service, 
by  officers  and  men,  by  cavalry,  artillery,  and  infantry.  The 
superiority  of  numbers  was  with  the  enemy,  who  were  led  by 
the  ablest  commanders  in  their  service  ;  and  if  the  Union  force 
had  the  advantage  of  a  strong  position,  the  Confederates  had 
that  of  choosing  time  and  place,  the  prestige  of  former  victo- 
ries over  the  Army  of  the  Potomac,  and  of  the  success  of  the 
first  day.  Victory  does  not  always  fall  to  the  lot  of  those 
who  deserve  it;  but  that  so  decisive  a  triumph,  under  circum- 
stances like  these,  was  gained  by  our  troops,  I  would  ascribe, 
under  Providence,  to  the  spirit  of  exalted  patriotism  that  ani- 
mated them,  and  a  consciousness  that  they  were  fighting  in  a 
righteous  cause. 

All  hope  of  defeating  our  army,  and  securing  what  General 
Lee  calls  "the  valuable  results"  of  such  an  achievement, 
having  vanished,  he  thought  only  of  rescuing  from  destruction 
the  remains  of  his  shattered  forces.  In  killed,  wounded,  and 
missing  he  had,  as  far  as  can  be  ascertained,  suffered  a  loss 
of  about  37,000  men, —  rather  more  than  a  third  of  the  army 
with  which  he  is  supposed  to  have  marched  into  Pennsylva- 
nia. Perceiving  that  his  only  safety  was  in  rapid  retreat,  he 
commenced  withdrawing  his  troops  at  daybreak  on  the  4th, 
throwing  up  field-works  in  front  of  our  left,  which,  assuming 
the  appearance  of  a  new  position,  were  intended  probably  to 
protect  the  rear  of  his  army  in  their  retreat.  That  day  —  sad 
celebration  of  the  4th  of  July  for  an  army  of  Americans!  — 
was  passed  by  him  in  hurrying  off  his  trains.  By  nightfall 
the  main  army  was  in  full  retreat  on  the  Cashtown  and  Fair- 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  641 

field  roads,  and  it  moved  with  such  precipitation,  that,  short 
as  the  nights  were,  by  daylight  the  following  morning,  not- 
withstanding a  heavy  rain,  the  rear-guard  had  left  its  position. 
The  struggle  of  the  last  two  days  resembled  in  many  respects 
the  Battle  of  Waterloo ;  and  if,  in  the  evening  of  the  third 
day,  General  Meade,  like  the  Duke  of  Wellington,  had  had 
the  assistance  of  a  powerful  auxiliary  army  to  take  up  the 
pursuit,  the  rout  of  the  Rebels  would  have  been  as  complete 
as  that  of  Napoleon. 

Owing  to  the  circumstance  just  named,  the  intentions  of 
the  enemy  were  not  apparent  on  the  4th.  The  moment  his 
retreat  was  discovered,  the  following  morning,  he  was  pur- 
sued by  our  cavalry  on  the  Cashtown  road  and  through  the 
Emmettsburg  and  Monterey  passes,  and  by  Sedgwick's  corps 
on  the  Fairfield  road.  His  rear-guard  was  briskly  attacked 
at  Fairfield  ;  a  great  number  of  wagons  and  ambulances  were 
captured  in  the  passes  of  the  mountains  ;  the  country  swarmed 
with  his  stragglers,  and  his  wounded  were  literally  emptied 
from  the  vehicles  containing  them  into  the  farm-houses  on  the 
road.  General  Lee,  in  his  report,  makes  repeated  mention 
of  the  Union  prisoners  whom  he  conveyed  into  Virginia, 
somewhat  overstating  their  number.  He  states,  also,  that 
"  such  of  his  wounded  as  were  in  a  condition  to  be  removed  " 
were  forwarded  to  Williamsport.  He  does  not  mention  that 
the  number  of  his  wounded  not  removed,  and  left  to  the 
Christian  care  of  the  victors,  was  7,540,  not  one  of  whom 
failed  of  any  attention  which  it  was  possible,  under  the  cir- 
cumstances of  the  case,  to  afford  them,  not  one  of  whom, 
certainly,  has  been  put  upon  Libby  Prison  fare,  —  lingering 
death  by  starvation.  Heaven  forbid,  however,  that  we  should 
claim  any  merit  for  the  exercise  of  common  humanity! 

Under  the  protection  of  the  mountain-ridge,  whose  narrow 
passes  are  easily  held  even  by  a  retreating  army,  General  Lee 
reached  Williamsport  in  safety,  and  took  up  a  strong  posi- 
tion opposite  to  that  place.  General  Meade  necessarily  pur- 
sued with  the  main  army  by  a  flank  movement  through  Mid- 
dletown,  Turner's  Pass  having  been  secured  by  General 
French.     Passing  through  the  South  Mountain,  the  Union 

VOL.    iv.  41 


642     NATIONAL  CEMETERY  AT  GETTYSBURG. 

army  came  up  with  that  of  the  Rebels  on  the  12th,  and 
found  it  securely  posted  on  the  heights  of  Marsh  Run.  The 
position  was  reconnoitred,  and  preparations  made  for  an 
attack  on  the  13th.  The  depth  of  the  river,  swollen  by 
the  recent  rains,  authorized  the  expectation  that  the  enemy 
would  be  brought  to  a  general  engagement  the  following 
day.  An  advance  was  accordingly  made  by  General  Meade 
on  the  morning  of  the  14th ;  but  it  was  soon  found  that 
the  Rebels  had  escaped  in  the  night,  with  such  haste  that 
Ewell's  corps  forded  the  river  where  the  water  was  breast- 
high.  The  cavalry  which  had  rendered  the  most  important 
services  during  the  three  days,  and  in  harassing  the  enemy's 
retreat,  was  now  sent  in  pursuit,  and  captured  two  guns  and 
a  large  number  of  prisoners.  In  an  action  which  took  place 
at  Falling  Waters,  General  Petigru  was  mortally  wounded. 
General  Meade,  in  further  pursuit  of  the  Rebels,  crossed  the 
Potomac  at  Berlin.  Thus  again  covering  the  approaches  to 
Washington,  he  compelled  the  enemy  to  pass  the  Blue  Ridge 
at  one  of  the  upper  gaps ;  and  in  about  six  weeks  from  the 
commencement  of  the  campaign,  General  Lee  found  himself 
again  on  the  south  side  of  the  Rappahannock,  with  the  prob- 
able loss  of  about  a  third  part  of  his  army. 

Such,  most  inadequately  recounted,  is  the  history  of  the 
ever-memorable  three  days,  and  of  the  events  immediately 
preceding  and  following.  It  has  been  pretended,  in  order  to 
diminish  the  magnitude  of  this  disaster  to  the  Rebel  cause, 
that  it  was  merely  the  repulse  of  an  attack  on  a  strongly  de- 
fended position.  The  tremendous  losses  on  both  sides  are  a 
sufficient  answer  to  this  misrepresentation,  and  attest  the 
courage  and  obstinacy  with  which  the  three  days'  battle  was 
waged.  Few  of  the  great  conflicts  of  modern  times  have 
cost  victors  and  vanquished  so  great  a  sacrifice.  On  the 
Union  side,  there  fell,  in  the  whole  campaign,  of  generals 
killed,  Reynolds,  Weed,  and  Zook,  and  wounded,  Barlow, 
Barnes,  Butterfield,  Doubleday,  Gibbon,  Graham,  Hancock, 
Sickles,  and  Warren  ;  while  of  officers  below  the  rank  of 
general,  and  men,  there  were  2,834  killed,  13,709  wounded, 
and   6,643   missing.     On  the  Confederate  side,  there   were 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  643 

killed  on  the  field  or  mortally  wounded,  Generals  Armi- 
stead,  Barksdale,  Garnett,  Pender,  Petigru,  and  Semmes, 
and  wounded,  Heth,  Hood,  Johnson,  Kemper,  Kimball,  and 
Trimble.  Of  officers  below  the  rank  of  general,  and  men, 
there  were  taken  prisoners,  including  the  wounded,  13,621, 
an  amount  ascertained  officially.  Of  the  wounded  in  a  con- 
dition to  be  removed,  of  the  killed,  and  the  missing,  the  en- 
emy has  made  no  return.  They  are  estimated,  from  the  best 
data  which  the  nature  of  the  case  admits,  at  23,000.  Gen- 
eral Meade  also  captured  three  cannon  and  forty-one  stand- 
ards ;  and  24,978  small  arms  were  collected  on  the  battle- 
field. 

I  must  leave  to  others,  who  can  do  it  from  personal  obser- 
vation, to  describe  the  mournful  spectacle  presented  by  these 
hillsides  and  plains  at  the  close  of  the  terrible  conflict.  It 
was  a  saying  of  the  Duke  of  Wellington,  that  next  to  a 
defeat,  the  saddest  thing  is  a  victory.  The  horrors  of  the 
battle-field,  after  the  contest  is  over,  the  sights  and  sounds  of 
woe,  —  let  me  throw  a  pall  over  the  scene,  which  no  words 
can  adequately  depict  to  those  who  have  not  witnessed  it, 
on  which  no  one  who  has  witnessed  it,  and  who  has  a  heart 
in  his  bosom,  can  bear  to  dwell.  One  drop  of  balm  alone, 
one  drop  of  heavenly  life-giving  balm,  mingles  in  this  bitter 
cup  of  misery.  Scarcely  has  the  cannon  ceased  to  roar, 
when  the  brethren  and  sisters  of  Christian  benevolence,  min- 
isters of  compassion,  angels  of  pity,  hasten  to  the  field  and 
the  hospital,  to  moisten  the  parched  tongue,  to  bind  the 
ghastly  wounds,  to  soothe  the  parting  agonies  alike  of  friend 
and  foe,  and  to  catch  the  last  whispered  messages  of  love 
from  dying  lips.  "  Carry  this  miniature  back  to  my  dear 
wife,  but  do  not  take  it  from  my  bosom  till  I  am  gone." 
"  Tell  my  little  sister  not  to  grieve  for  me  ;  I  am  willing  to 
die  for  my  country."  "  O  that  my  mother  were  here ! " 
When  since  Aaron  stood  between  the  living  and  the  dead 
was  there  ever  so  gracious  a  ministry  as  this  ?  It  has  been 
said  that  it  is  characteristic  of  Americans  to  treat  women 
with  a  deference  not  paid  to  them  in  any  other  country.  I 
will  not  undertake  to  say  whether  this  is  so ;  but  I  will  say, 


644  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

that,  since  this  terrible  war  has  been  waged,  the  women  of 
the  loyal  States,  if  never  before,  have  entitled  themselves  to 
our  highest  admiration  and  gratitude,  —  alike  those  who  at 
home,  often  with  fingers  unused  to  the  toil,  often  bowed  beneath 
their  own  domestic  cares,  have  performed  an  amount  of  daily 
labor  not  exceeded  by  those  who  work  for  their  daily  bread, 
and  those  who,  in  the  hospital  and  the  tents  of  the  Sanitary  and 
Christian  Commissions,  have  rendered  services  which  millions 
could  not  buy.  Happily,  the  labor  and  the  service  are  their 
own  reward.  Thousands  of  matrons  and  thousands  of  maidens 
have  experienced  a  delight  in  these  homely  toils  and  services, 
compared  with  which  the  pleasures  of  the  ball-room  and  the 
opera-house  are  tame  and  unsatisfactory.  This  on  earth  is 
reward  enough,  but  a  richer  is  in  store  for  them.  Yes,  broth- 
ers, sisters  of  charity,  while  you  bind  up  the  wounds  of  the 
poor  sufferers,  —  the  humblest,  perhaps,  that  have  shed  their 
blood  for  the  country,  —  forget  not  Who  it  is  that  will 
hereafter  say  to  you,  "  Inasmuch  as  ye  have  done  it  unto 
one  of  the  least  of  these  my  brethren,  ye  have  done  it  unto 
me." 

And  now,  friends,  fellow-citizens,  as  we  stand  among 
these  honored  graves,  the  momentous  question  presents  itself, 
Which  of  the  two  parties  to  the  war  is  responsible  for  all 
this  suffering,  for  this  dreadful  sacrifice  of  life,  —  the  lawful  and 
constituted  government  of  the  United  States,  or  the  ambi- 
tious men  who  have  rebelled  against  it  ?  I  say  "  rebelled  " 
against  it,  although  Earl  Russell,  the  British  Secretary  of 
State  for  Foreign  Affairs,  in  his  recent  temperate  and  con- 
ciliatory speech  in  Scotland,  seems  to  intimate  that  no  prej- 
udice ought  to  attach  to  that  word,  inasmuch  as  our  Eng- 
lish forefathers  rebelled  against  Charles  I.  and  James  II.,  and 
our  American  fathers  rebelled  against  George  III.  These 
certainly  are  venerable  precedents,  but  they  prove  only  that 
it  is  just  and  proper  to  rebel  against  oppressive  govern- 
ments. They  do  not  prove  that  it  was  just  and  proper 
for  the  son  of  James  II..  to  rebel  against  George  I.,  or 
his  grandson  Charles  Edward  to  rebel  against  George  II. ; 
nor,    as    it    seems  to  me,    ought    these   dynastic    struggles, 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  645 

little  better  than  family  quarrels,  to  be  compared  with 
this  monstrous  conspiracy  against  the  American  Union. 
These  precedents  do  not  prove  that  it  was  just  and  proper 
for  the  "  disappointed  great  men "  of  the  cotton-growing 
States  to  rebel  against  "  the  most  beneficent  government  of 
which  history  gives  us  any  account,"  as  the  Vice-President 
of  the  Confederacy,  in  November,  1860,  charged  them  with 
doing.  They  do  not  create  a  presumption  even  in  favor  of 
the  disloyal  slaveholders  of  the  South,  who,  living  under  a 
government  of  which  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis,  in  the  session  of 
1860  -  61,  said  that  it  was  "  the  best  government  ever  insti- 
tuted by  man,  unexceptionably  administered,  and  under 
which  the  people  have  been  prosperous  beyond  comparison 
with  any  other  people  whose  career  has  been  recorded  in 
history,"  rebelled  against  it  because  their  aspiring  politicians, 
himself  among  the  rest,  were  in  danger  of  losing  their  mo- 
nopoly of  its  offices.  What  would  have  been  thought  by  an 
impartial  posterity  of  the  American  rebellion  against  George 
III.,  if  the  colonists  had  at  all  times  been  more  than  equally 
represented  in  Parliament,  and  James  Otis  and  Patrick  Henry 
and  Washington  and  Franklin  and  the  Adamses  and  Han- 
cock and  Jefferson,  and  men  of  their  stamp,  had  for  two  gen- 
erations enjoyed  the  confidence  of  the  sovereign  and  admin- 
istered the  government  of  the  empire  ?  What  would  have 
been  thought  of  the  rebellion  against  Charles  I.,  if  Cromwell 
and  the  men  of  his  school  had  been  the  responsible  advisers 
of  that  prince  from  his  accession  to  the  throne,  and  then,  on 
account  of  a  partial  change  in  the  ministry,  had  brought  his 
head  to  the  block,  and  involved  the  country  in  a  desolating 
war,  for  the  sake  of  dismembering  it  and  establishing  a  new 
government  south  of  the  Trent?  What  would  have  been 
thought  of  the  Whigs  of  1688,  if  they  had  themselves  com- 
posed the  cabinet  of  James  II.,  and  been  the  advisers  of  the 
measures  and  the  promoters  of  the  policy  which  drove  him 
into  exile  ?  The  Puritans  of  1640  and  the  Whigs  of  1688 
rebelled  against  arbitrary  power  in  order  to  establish  consti- 
tutional liberty.  If  they  had  risen  against  Charles  and  James 
because  those  monarchs   favored  equal  rights,  and  in  order 


646  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

themselves  "  for  the  first  time  in  the  history  of  the  world  "  to 
establish  an  oligarchy  "founded  on  the  corner-stone  of  slav- 
ery," they  would  truly  have  furnished  a  precedent  for  the 
Rebels  of  the  South,  but  their  cause  would  not  have  been 
sustained  by  the  eloquence  of  Pym  or  of  Somers,  nor  sealed 
with  the  blood  of  Hampden  or  Russell. 

I  call  the  war  which  the  Confederates  are  waging  against 
the  Union  a  "  rebellion,"  because  it  is  one,  and  in  grave  mat- 
ters it  is  best  to  call  things  by  their  right  names.  I  speak  of 
it  as  a  crime,  because  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States 
so  regards  it,  and  puts  "  rebellion  "  on  a  par  with  "  invasion." 
The  constitution  and  law,  not  only  of  England,  but  of  every 
civilized  country,  regard  them  in  the  same  light ;  or  rather 
they  consider  the  rebel  in  arms  as  far  worse  than  the  alien 
enemy.  To  levy  war  against  the  United  States  is  the  con- 
stitutional definition  of  treason,  and  that  crime  is  by  every 
civilized  government  regarded  as  the  highest  which  citizen  or 
subject  can  commit.  Not  content  with  the  sanctions  of 
human  justice,  of  all  the  crimes  against  the  law  of  the  land 
it  is  singled  out  for  the  denunciations  of  religion.  The  lita- 
nies in  every  church  in  Christendom  whose  ritual  embraces 
that  office,  as  far  as  I  am  aware,  from  the  metropolitan  cathe- 
drals of  Europe  to  the  humblest  missionary  chapel  in  the 
islands  of  the  sea,  concur  with  the  Church  of  England  in 
imploring  the  Sovereign  of  the  universe,  by  the  most  awful 
adjurations  which  the  heart  of  man  can  conceive  or  his 
tongue  utter,  to  deliver  us  from  "  sedition,  privy  conspiracy, 
and  rebellion."  And  reason  good;  for  while  a  rebellion 
against  tyranny  —  a  rebellion  designed,  after  prostrating  ar- 
bitrary power,  to  establish  free  government  on  the  basis  of 
justice  and  truth  —  is  an  enterprise  on  which  good  men  and 
angels  may  look  with  complacency,  an  unprovoked  rebellion 
of  ambitious  men  against  a  beneficent  government,  for  the 
purpose  —  the  avowed  purpose  —  of  establishing,  extending, 
and  perpetuating  any  form  of  injustice  and  wrong,  is  an  im- 
itation on  earth  of  that  first  foul  revolt  of  "  the  Infernal  Ser- 
pent," against  which  the  Supreme  Majesty  of  heaven  sent 
forth  the  armed  myriads  of  his  angels,  and  clothed  the  right 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  647 

arm  of  his  Son  with  the  three-bolted  thunders  of  omnip- 
otence. 

Lord  Bacon,  in  "the  true  marshalling  of  the  sovereign 
degrees  of  honor,"  assigns  the  first  place  to  "  the  Conditores 
Imperioram,  founders  of  States  and  Commonwealths  " ;  and, 
truly,  to  build  up  from  the  discordant  elements  of  our  nature 
the  passions,  the  interests,  and  the  opinions  of  the  individual 
man,  the  rivalries  of  family,  clan,  and  tribe,  the  influences 
of  climate  and  geographical  position,  the  accidents  of  peace 
and  war  accumulated  for  ages,  —  to  build  up  from  these 
oftentimes  warring  elements  a  well-compacted,  prosperous, 
and  powerful  State,  if  it  were  to  be  accomplished  by  one 
effort  or  in  one  generation  would  require  a  more  than  mortal 
skill.  To  contribute  in  some  notable  degree  to  this,  the 
greatest  work  of  man,  by  wise  and  patriotic  counsel  in  peace 
and  loyal  heroism  in  war,  is  as  high  as  human  merit  can 
well  rise,  and  far  more  than  to  any  of  those  to  whom  Bacon 
assigns  this  highest  place  of  honor,  whose  names  can  hardly 
be  repeated  without  a  wondering  smile,  — Romulus,  Cyrus, 
Ca?sar,  Othman,  Ismael,  —  is  it  due  to  our  Washington  as 
the  founder  of  the  American  Union.  But  if  to  achieve  or 
help  to  achieve  this  greatest  work  of  man's  wisdom  and  virtue 
gives  title  to  a  place  among  the  chief  benefactors,  rightful 
heirs  of  the  benedictions,  of  mankind,  by  equal  reason  shall 
the  bold  bad  men  who  seek  to  undo  the  noble  work,  Everso- 
res  Imperiorum,  destroyers  of  States,  who  for  base  and  selfish 
ends  rebel  against  beneficent  governments,  seek  to  overturn 
wise  constitutions,  to  lay  powerful  republican  Unions  at  the 
foot  of  foreign  thrones,  to  bring  on  civil  and  foreign  war,  an- 
archy at  home,  dictation  abroad,  desolation,  ruin,  —  by  equal 
reason,  I  say,  yes,  a  thousand-fold  stronger,  shall  they  inherit 
the  execrations  of  the  ages. 

But  to  hide  the  deformity  of  the  crime  under  the  cloak  of 
that  sophistry  which  strives  to  make  the  worse  appear  the 
better  reason,  we  are  told  by  the  leaders  of  the  Rebellion 
that  in  our  complex  system  of  government  the  separate 
States  are  "sovereigns,"  and  that  the  central  power  is  only  an 
"  agency,"  established  by  these  sovereigns  to  manage  certain 


648  NATIONAL    CEMETEEY    AT    GETTYSBUKG. 

little  affairs,  —  such,  forsooth,  as  Peace,  War,  Army,  Navy, 
Finance,  Territory,  and  Relations  with  the  Native  Tribes, 
which  they  could  not  so  conveniently  administer  themselves. 
It  happens,  unfortunately  for  this  theory,  that  the  Federal 
Constitution  (which  has  been  adopted  by  the  people  of  every 
State  of  the  Union  as  much  as  their  own  State  constitutions 
have  been  adopted,  and  is  declared  to  be  paramount  to  them) 
nowhere  recognizes  the  States  as  "  sovereigns,"  —  in  fact, 
that,  by  their  names,  it  does  not  recognize  them  at  all ;  while 
the  authority  established  by  that  instrument  is  recognized,  in 
its  text,  not  as  an  "  agency,"  but  as  "  the  Government  of  the 
United  States."  By  that  Constitution,  moreover,  which 
purports  in  its  preamble  to  be  ordained  and  established  by 
"the  people  of  the  United  States,"  it  is  expressly  provided, 
that  "  the  members  of  the  State  legislatures,  and  all  exec- 
utive and  judicial  officers,  shall  be  bound  by  oath  or  affirma- 
tion to  support  the  Constitution."  Now  it  is  a  common 
thing,  under  all  governments,  for  an  agent  to  be  bound  by 
oath  to  be  faithful  to  his  sovereign ;  but  I  never  heard  before 
of  sovereigns  being  bound  by  oath  to  be  faithful  to  their 
agency. 

Certainly  I  do  not  deny  that  the  separate  States  are  clothed 
with  sovereign  powers  for  the  administration  of  local  affairs. 
It  is  one  of  the  most  beautiful  features  of  our  mixed  system 
of  government ;  but  it  is  equally  true,  that,  in  adopting  the 
Federal  Constitution,  the  States  abdicated,  by  express  renun- 
ciation, all  the  most  important  functions  of  national  sov- 
ereignty, and,  by  one  comprehensive  self-denying  clause,  gave 
up  all  right  to  contravene  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States.  Specifically,  and  by  enumeration,  they  renounced 
all  the  most  important  prerogatives  of  independent  States  for 
peace  and  for  war,  —  the  right  to  keep  troops  or  ships  of  war 
in  time  of  peace,  or  to  engage  in  war  unless  actually  in- 
vaded ;  to  enter  into  compact  with  another  State  or  a  foreign 
power;  to  lay  any  duty  on  tonnage,  or  any  impost  on  exports 
or  imports,  without  the  consent  of  Congress ;  to  enter  into 
any  treaty,  alliance,  or  confederation ;  to  grant  letters  of 
marque  or  reprisal,  and  to  emit  bills   of  credit,  —  while   all 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  649 

these  powers  and  many  others  are  expressly  vested  in  the 
general  government.  To  ascribe  to  political  communities, 
thus  limited  in  their  jurisdiction, —  who  cannot  even  estab- 
lish a  post-office  on  their  own  soil,  —  the  character  of  inde- 
pendent sovereignty,  and  to  reduce  a  national  organization, 
clothed  with  all  the  transcendent  powers  of  government,  to 
the  name  and  condition  of  an  "  agency "  of  the  States, 
proves  nothing  but  that  the  logic  of  secession  is  on  a  par 
with   its   loyalty   and    patriotism. 

O,  but  "  the  reserved  rights  "  !  And  what  of  the  reserved 
rights  ?  The  tenth  amendment  of  the  Constitution,  supposed 
to  provide  for  "reserved  rights,"  is  constantly  misquoted.  By 
that  amendment,  "  the  powers  not  delegated  to  the  United 
States  by  the  Constitution,  nor  prohibited  by  it  to  the  States, 
are  reserved  to  the  States  respectively,  or  to  the  people." 
The  "powers"  reserved  must  of  course  be  such  as  could 
have  been,  but  were  not  delegated  to  the  United  States,  — 
could  have  been,  but  were  not  prohibited  to  the  States ;  but 
to  speak  of  the  right  of  an  individual  State  to  secede,  as  a 
power  that  could  have  been,  though  it  was  not  delegated  to 
the    United  States,  is  simple  nonsense. 

But  waiving  this  obvious  absurdity,  can  it  need  a  serious 
argument  to  prove  that  there  can  be  no  State  right  to  enter 
into  a  new  confederation  reserved  under  a  Constitution 
which  expressly  prohibits  a  State  to  "  enter  into  any  treaty, 
alliance,  or  confederation,"  or  any  "  agreement  or  compact 
with  another  State  or  a  foreign  power "  ?  To  say  that  the 
State  may,  by  enacting  the  preliminary  farce  of  secession, 
acquire  the  right  to  do  the  prohibited  things,  —  to  say,  for  in- 
stance, that  though  the  States  in  forming  the  Constitution 
delegated  to  the  United  States,  and  prohibited  to  themselves, 
the  power  of  declaring  war,  there  was  by  implication  reserved 
to  each  State  the  right  of  seceding  and  then  declaring  war ; 
that,  though  they  expressly  prohibited  to  the  States  and  del- 
egated to  the  United  States  the  entire  treaty-making  power, 
they  reserved  by  implication  (for  an  express  reservation  is  not 
pretended)  to  the  individual  States,  to  Florida,  for  instance, 
the  right  to   secede,  and  then   to   make  a  treaty  with  Spain 


650  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

retroceding  that  Spanish  colony,  and  thus  surrendering  to  a 
foreign  power  the  key  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  —  to  maintain 
propositions  like  these,  with  whatever  affected  seriousness  it 
is  done,  appears  to  me  egregious  trifling. 

Pardon  me,  my  friends,  for  dwelling  on  these  wretched 
sophistries.  But  it  is  these  which  conducted  the  armed  hosts 
of  rebellion  to  your  doors  on  the  terrible  and  glorious  days 
of  July,  and  which  have  brought  upon  the  whole  land  the 
scourge  of  an  aggressive  and  wicked  war,  —  a  war  which 
can  have  no  other  termination  compatible  with  the  perma- 
nent safety  and  welfare  of  the  country  but  the  complete 
destruction  of  the  military  power  of  the  enemy.  I  have,  on 
other  occasions,  attempted  to  show  that  to  yield  to  his  de- 
mands and  acknowledge  his  independence,  thus  resolving  the 
Union  at  once  into  two  hostile  governments,  with  a  certainty 
of  further  disintegration,  would  annihilate  the  strength  and 
the  influence  of  the  country  as  a  member  of  the  family  of 
nations;  afford  to  foreign  powers  the  opportunity  and  the 
temptation  for  humiliating  and  disastrous  interference  in  our 
affairs ;  wrest  from  the  Middle  and  Western  States  some  of 
their  great  natural  outlets  to  the  sea  and  of  their  most  im- 
portant lines  of  internal  communication ;  deprive  the  com- 
merce and  navigation  of  the  country  of  two  thirds  of  our 
sea-coast  and  of  the  fortresses  which  protect  it :  not  only  so, 
but  would  enable  each  individual  State,  —  some  of  them 
with  a  white  population  equal  to  a  good-sized  Northern  coun- 
ty, —  or  rather  the  dominant  party  in  each  State,  to  cede  its 
territory,  its  harbors,  its  fortresses,  the  mouths  of  its  rivers, 
to  any  foreign  power.  It  cannot  be  that  the  people  of  the 
loyal  States  —  that  twenty-two  millions  of  brave  and  pros- 
perous freemen  —  will,  for  the  temptation  of  a  brief  truce 
in  an  eternal  border-war,  consent  to  this  hideous  national 
suicide. 

Do  not  think  that  I  exaggerate  the  consequences  of  yield- 
ing to  the  demands  of  the  leaders  of  the  Rebellion.  I  under- 
state them.  They  require  of  us,  not  only  all  the  sacrifices  I 
have  named,  not  only  the  cession  to  them,  a  foreign  and  hos- 
tile power,  of  all  the  territory  of  the  United  States  at  present 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  651 

occupied  by  the  Rebel  forces,  but  the  abandonment  to  them 
of  the  vast  regions  we  have  rescued  from  their  grasp,  —  of 
Maryland,  of  a  part  of  Eastern  Virginia  and  the  whole  of 
Western  Virginia ;  the  sea-coast  of  North  and  South  Caro- 
lina, Georgia,  and  Florida ;  Kentucky,  Tennessee,  and  Mis- 
souri ;  Arkansas,  and  the  larger  portion  of  Mississippi,  Lou- 
isiana, and  Texas,  —  in  most  of  which,  with  the  exception  of 
lawless  guerillas,  there  is  not  a  Rebel  in  arms,  in  all  of  which 
the  great  majority  of  the  people  are  loyal  to  the  Union.  We 
must  give  back,  too,  the  helpless  colored  population,  thou- 
sands of  whom  are  perilling  their  lives  in  the  ranks  of  our 
armies,  to  a  bondage  rendered  tenfold  more  bitter  by  the  mo- 
mentary enjoyment  of  freedom.  Finally,  we  must  surrender 
every  man  in  the  Southern  country,  white  or  black,  who  has 
moved  a  finger  or  spoken  a  word  for  the  restoration  of  the 
Union,  to  a  reign  of  terror  as  remorseless  as  that  of  Robes- 
pierre, which  has  been  the  chief  instrument  by  which  the 
Rebellion  has  been  organized  and  sustained,  and  which  has 
already  filled  the  prisons  of  the  South  with  noble  men,  whose 
only  crime  is  that  they  are  not  the  worst  of  criminals.  The 
South  is  full  of  such  men.  I  do  not  believe  there  has  been 
a  day  since  the  election  of  President  Lincoln,  when,  if  an 
ordinance  of  secession  could  have  been  fairly  submitted, 
after  a  free  discussion,  to  the  mass  of  the  people  in  any  single 
Southern  State,  a  majority  of  ballots  would  have  been 
given  in  its  favor.  No,  not  in  South  Carolina.  It  is  not 
possible  that  the  majority  of  the  people,  even  of  that  State, 
if  permitted,  without  fear  or  favor,  to  give  a  ballot  on  the 
question,  would  have  abandoned  a  leader  like  Petigru,  and 
all  the  memories  of  the  Gadsdens,  the  Rutledges,  and  the 
Cotesworth  Pinckneys  of  the  Revolutionary  and  Constitu- 
tional age  to  follow  the  agitators  of  the  present  day. 

Nor  must  we  be  deterred  from  the  vigorous  prosecution  of 
the  war  by  the  suggestion,  continually  thrown  out  by  the 
Rebels  and  those  who  sympathize  with  them,  that,  however 
it  might  have  been  at  an  earlier  stage,  there  has  been  engen- 
dered by  the  operations  of  the  war  a  state  of  exasperation 
and  bitterness,  which,  independent  of   all  reference   to   the 


652  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

original  nature  of  the  matters  in.  controversy,  will  forever 
prevent  the  restoration  of  the  Union,  and  the  return  of  har- 
mony between  the  two  great  sections  of  the  country.  This 
opinion  I  take  to  be  entirely  without  foundation. 

No  man  can  deplore  more  than  I  do  the  miseries  of  every 
kind  unavoidably  incident  to  war.     Who  could  stand  on  this 
spot  and  call  to  mind  the  scenes  of  the  first  days  of  July 
with  any  other  feeling  ?     A  sad  foreboding  of  what  would 
ensue,  if  war  should  break  out  between   North   and  South, 
has  haunted  me  through  life,  and  led  me,  perhaps  too  long, 
to  tread  in  the  path  of  hopeless  compromise,  in  the  fond  en- 
deavor to  conciliate  those  who  were  predetermined  not  to  be 
conciliated.     But  it  is  not  true,  as  is  pretended  by  the  Rebels 
and  their  sympathizers,  that  the  war  has  been  carried  on  by 
the  United   States  without  entire  regard  to  those  tempera- 
ments which  are  enjoined  by  the  law  of  nations,  by  our  mod- 
ern civilization,  and  by  the  spirit  of  Christianity.     It  would 
be  quite  easy  to  point  out,  in  the  recent  military  history  of 
the  leading  European  powers,  acts  of  violence  and  cruelty, 
in  the  prosecution  of  their  wars,  to  which  no  parallel  can  be 
found  among  us.     In  fact,  when  we  consider  the   peculiar 
bitterness  with  which  civil  wars  are  almost  invariably  waged, 
we   may  justly  boast  of  the  manner  in  which  the   United 
States  have  carried  on  the  contest.     It  is  of  course  impossi- 
ble to  prevent  the  lawless  acts  of  stragglers  and  deserters,  or 
the  occasional  unwarrantable  proceedings  of  subordinates  on 
distant  stations ;  but  I  do  not  believe  there  is,  in  all  history, 
the  record  of  a  civil  war  of  such  gigantic  dimensions  where  so 
little  has  been  done  in  the  spirit  of  vindictiveness  as  in  this 
war,  by  the    Government  and   commanders   of   the   United 
States;  and  this  notwithstanding  the  provocation  given  by 
the  Rebel   Government  by   assuming   the   responsibility    of 
wretches    like   Quantrell,  refusing  quarter  to  colored  troops, 
and  scourging  and  selling  into  slavery  free  colored  men  from 
the  North  who  fall  into  their  hands,  by  covering  the  sea  with 
pirates,   refusing  a   just  exchange  of   prisoners,  while   they 
crowd  their  armies  with  paroled  prisoners  not  exchanged,  and 
starving  prisoners  of  war  to  death. 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  653 

In  the  next  place,  if  there  are  any  present  who  believe, 
that,  in  addition  to  the  effect  of  the  military  operations  of  the 
war,  the  confiscation  acts  and  emancipation  proclamations 
have  embittered  the  Rebels  beyond  the  possibility  of  recon- 
ciliation, I  would  request  them  to  reflect  that  the  tone  of  the 
Rebel  leaders  and  Rebel  press  was  just  as  bitter  in  the  first 
months  of  the  war,  nay,  before  a  gun  was  fired,  as  it  is  now. 
There  were  speeches  made  in  Congress  in  the  very  last  ses- 
sion before  the  outbreak  of  the  Rebellion,  so  ferocious  as  to 
show  that  their  authors  were  under  the  influence  of  a  real 
frenzy.  At  the  present  day,  if  there  is  any  discrimination 
made  by  the  Confederate  press  in  the  affected  scorn,  hatred, 
and  contumely  with  which  every  shade  of  opinion  and  senti- 
ment in  the  loyal  States  is  treated,  the  bitterest  contempt  is 
bestowed  upon  those  at  the  North  who  still  speak  the  lan- 
guage of  compromise,  and  who  condemn  those  measures  of 
the  administration  which  are  alleged  to  have  rendered  the 
return  of  peace  hopeless. 

No,  my  friends,  that  gracious  Providence  which  overrules 
all  things  for  the  best,  "  from  seeming  evil  still  educing  good," 
has  so  constituted  our  natures,  that  the  violent  excitement  of 
the  passions  in  one  direction  is  generally  followed  by  a  reac- 
tion in  an  opposite  direction,  and  the  sooner  for  the  violence. 
If  it  were  not  so,  if  injuries  inflicted  and  retaliated  of  neces- 
sity led  to  new  retaliations,  with  forever  accumulating  com- 
pound interest  of  revenge,  then  the  world,  thousands  of  years 
ago,  would  have  been  turned  into  an  earthly  hell,  and  the 
nations  of  the  earth  would  have  been  resolved  into  clans  of 
furies  and  demons,  each  forever  warring  with  his  neighbor. 
But  it  is  not  so ;  all  history  teaches  a  different  lesson.  The 
Wars  of  the  Roses  in  England  lasted  an  entire  generation, 
from  the  battle  of  St.  Albans  in  1455  to  that  of  Bosworth  Field 
in  1485.  Speaking  of  the  former,  Hume  says  :  "  This  was 
the  first  blood  spilt  in  that  fatal  quarrel,  which  was  not  finished 
in  less  than  a  course  of  thirty  years ;  which  was  signalized 
by  twelve  pitched  battles ;  which  opened  a  scene  of  extraor- 
dinary fierceness  and  cruelty;  is  computed  to  have  cost  the 
lives   of   eighty  princes   of   the  blood ;    and  almost  entirely 


654  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

annihilated  the  ancient  nobility  of  England.  The  strong 
attachments  which,  at  that  time,  men  of  the  same  kindred 
bore  to  each  other,  and  the  vindictive  spirit  which  was  con- 
sidered a  point  of  honor,  rendered  the  great  families  implaca- 
ble in  their  resentments,  and  widened  every  moment  the 
breach  between  the  parties."  Such  was  the  state  of  things 
in  England  under  which  an  entire  generation  grew  up ;  but 
when  Henry  VII.,  in  whom  the  titles  of  the  two  houses 
were  united,  went  up  to  London  after  the  Battle  of  Bosworth 
Field,  to  mount  the  throne,  he  was  everywhere  received  with 
joyous  acclamations,  "  as  one  ordained  and  sent  from  heaven 
to  put  an  end  to  the  dissensions"  which  had  so  long  afflicted 
the  country. 

The  great  Rebellion  in  England  of  the  seventeenth  centu- 
ry, after  long  and  angry  premonitions,  may  be  said  to  have 
begun  with  the  calling  of  the  Long  Parliament  in  1640,  and 
to  have  ended  with  the  return  of  Charles  II.  in  1660,  —  twen- 
ty years  of  discord,  conflict,  and  civil  war;  of  confiscation, 
plunder,  havoc;  a  proud  hereditary  peerage  trampled  in  the 
dust;  a  national  church  overturned,  its  clergy  beggared,  its 
most  eminent  prelate  put  to  death;  a  military  despotism 
established  on  the  ruins  of  a  monarchy  which  had  subsisted 
seven  hundred  years,  and  the  legitimate  sovereign  brought  to 
the  block ;  the  great  families  which  adhered  to  the  king  pro- 
scribed, impoverished,  ruined ;  prisoners  of  war  —  a  fate 
worse  than  starvation  in  Libby  —  sold  to  slavery  in  the  West 
Indies;  in  a  word,  everything  that  can  embitter  and  madden 
contending  factions.  Such  was  the  state  of  things  for  twenty 
years;  and  yet,  by  no  gentle  transition,  but  suddenly,  and 
"  when  the  restoration  of  affairs  appeared  most  hopeless,"  the 
son  of  the  beheaded  sovereign  was  brought  back  to  his 
father's  blood-stained  throne,  with  such  "  unexpressible  and 
universal  joy"  as  led  the  merry  monarch  to  exclaim  "he 
doubted  it  had  been  his  own  fault  he  had  been  absent  so 
long,  for  he  saw  nobody  who  did  not  protest  he  had  ever 
wished  for  his  return."  "  In  this  wonderful  manner,"  says 
Clarendon,  "and  with  this  incredible  expedition,  did  God  put 
an  end  to  a  rebellion  that  had  raged  near  twenty  years,  and 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  655 

had  been  carried  on  with  all  the  horrid  circumstances  of 
murder,  devastation,  and  parricide,  that  fire  and  sword,  in  the 
hands  of  the  most  wicked  men  in  the  world  "  (it  is  a  royalist 
that  is  speaking)  "  could  be  instruments  of,  almost  to  the  des- 
olation of   two  kingdoms,  and   the  exceeding  defacing  and 

deforming  of  the  third By  these  remarkable  steps  did  the 

merciful  hand  of  God,  in  this  short  space  of  time,  not  only 
bind  up  and  heal  all  those  wounds,  but  even  made  the  scar 
as  undiscernible  as,  in  respect  of  the  deepness,  was  possible, 
which  was  a  glorious  addition  to  the  deliverance." 

In  Germany,  the  wars  of  the  Reformation  and  of  Charles 
V.  in  the  sixteenth  century,  the  Thirty  Years'  War  in  the 
seventeenth  century,  the  Seven  Years'  War  in  the  eighteenth 
century,  not  to  speak  of  other  less  celebrated  contests,  en- 
tailed upon  that  country  all  the  miseries  of  intestine  strife  for 
more  than  three  centuries.  At  the  close  of  the  last-named 
war,  —  which  was  the  shortest  of  all  and  waged  in  the  most 
civilized  age,  —  "  an  officer,"  says  Archenholz,  "  rode  through 
seven  villages  in  Hesse,  and  found  in  them  but  one  human  be- 
ing." More  than  three  hundred  principalities,  comprehended  in 
the  Empire,  fermented  with  the  fierce  passions  of  proud  and 
petty  States ;  at  the  commencement  of  this  period  the  castles 
of  robber  counts  frowned  upon  every  hill-top;  a  dreadful 
secret  tribunal,  whose  seat  no  one  knew,  whose  power  none 
could  escape,  froze  the  hearts  of  men  with  terror  throughout 
the  land;  religious  hatred  mingled  its  bitter  poison  in  the 
seething  caldron  of  provincial  animosity:  but  of  all  these 
deadly  enmities  between  the  States  of  Germany  scarcely  the 
memory  remains.  There  are  controversies  in  that  country, 
at  the  present  day,  but  they  grow  mainly  out  of  the  rivalry 
of  the  two  leading  powers.  There  is  no  country  in  the  world 
in  which  the  sentiment  of  national  brotherhood  is  stronger. 

In  Italy,  on  the  breaking  up  of  the  Roman  Empire,  society 
might  be  said  to  be  resolved  into  its  original  elements,  —  into 
hostile  atoms,  whose  only  movement  was  that  of  mutual 
repulsion.  Ruthless  barbarians  had  destroyed  the  old  organ- 
izations, and  covered  the  land  with  a  merciless  feudalism. 
As  the   new  civilization   grew   up,   under  the   wing  of    the 


656  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

Church,  the  noble  families  and  the  walled  towns  fell  madly 
into  conflict  with  each  other;  the  secular  feud  of  Pope  and 
Emperor  scourged  the  land;  province  against  province,  city 
against  city,  street  against  street,  waged  remorseless  war  with 
each  other  from  father  to  son,  till  Dante  was  able  to  fill  his 
imaginary  hell  with  the  real  demons  of  Italian  history.  So 
ferocious  had  the  factions  become,  that  the  great  poet-exile  him- 
self, the  glory  of  his  native  city  and  of  his  native  language,  was, 
by  a  decree  of  the  municipality,  condemned  to  be  burned 
alive  if  found  in  the  city  of  Florence.  But  these  deadly 
feuds  and  hatreds  yielded  to  political  influences,  as  the  hostile 
cities  were  grouped  into  States  under  stable  governments; 
the  lingering  traditions  of  the  ancient  animosities  gradually 
died  away,  and  now  Tuscan  and  Lombard,  Sardinian  and 
Neapolitan,  as  if  to  shame  the  degenerate  sons  of  America, 
are  joining  in  one  cry  for  a  united  Italy. 

In  France,  not  to  go  back  to  the  civil  wars  of  the  League 
in  the  sixteenth  century  and  of  the  Fronde  in  the  seven- 
teenth; not  to  speak  of  the  dreadful  scenes  throughout  the 
kingdom  which  followed  the  revocation  of  the  edict  of 
Nantes ;  we  have,  in  the  great  revolution  which  commenced 
at  the  close  of  the  last  century,  seen  the  bloodhounds  of  civil 
strife  let  loose  as  rarely  before  in  the  history  of  the  world. 
The  reign  of  terror  established  at  Paris  stretched  its  bloody 
Briarean  arms  to  every  city  and  village  in  the  land  ;  and  if  the 
most  deadly  feuds  which  ever  divided  a  people  had  the  power 
to  cause  permanent  alienation  and  hatred,  this  surely  was  the 
occasion.  But  far  otherwise  the  fact.  In  seven  years  from 
the  fall  of  Robespierre,  the  strong  arm  of  the  youthful  con- 
queror brought  order  out  of  this  chaos  of  crime  and  woe ; 
Jacobins  whose  hands  were  scarcely  cleansed  from  the  best 
blood  of  France  met  the  returning  emigrants,  whose  estates 
they  had  confiscated  and  whose  kindred  they  had  dragged  to 
the  guillotine,  in  the  Imperial  antechambers ;  and  when, 
after  another  turn  of  the  wheel  of  fortune,  Louis  XVIII. 
was  restored  to  his  throne,  he  took  the  regicide  Fouche\  who 
had  voted  for  his  brother's  death,  to  his  cabinet  and  con- 
fidence. 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  657 

The  people  of  loyal  America  will  never  ask  you,  sir,  to 
take  to  your  confidence  or  admit  again  to  a  share  in  the  gov- 
ernment the  hard-hearted  men  whose  cruel  lust  of  power  has 
brought  this  desolating  war  upon  the  land,  but  there  is  no 
personal  bitterness  felt  even  against  them.  They  may  live, 
if  they  can  bear  to  live  after  wantonly  causing  the  death  of 
so  many  thousands  of  their  fellow-men ;  they  may  live  in 
safe  obscurity  beneath  the  shelter  of  the  government  they  have 
sought  to  overthrow,  or  they  may  fly  to  the  protection  of  the 
governments  of  Europe,  —  some  of  them  are  already  there, 
seeking,  happily  in  vain,  to  obtain  the  aid  of  foreign  powers 
in  furtherance  of  their  own  treason.  There  let  them  stay. 
The  humblest  dead  soldier,  that  lies  cold  and  stiff  in  his  grave 
before  us,  is  an  object  of  envy  beneath  the  clods  that  cover 
him,  in  comparison  with  the  living  man,  I  care  not  with  what 
trumpery  credentials  he  may  be  furnished,  who  is  willing  to 
grovel  at  the  foot  of  a  foreign  throne  for  assistance  in  com- 
passing the  ruin  of  his  country. 

But  the  hour  is  coming  and  now  is,  when  the  power  of  the 
leaders  of  the  Rebellion  to  delude  and  inflame  must  cease. 
There  is  no  bitterness  on  the  part  of  the  masses.  The  peo- 
ple of  the  South  are  not  going  to  wage  an  eternal  war  for 
the  wretched  pretexts  by  which  this  rebellion  is  sought  to  be 
justified.  The  bonds  that  unite  us  as  one  People,  —  a  sub- 
stantial community  of  origin,  language,  belief,  and  law  (the 
four  great  ties  that  hold  the  societies  of  men  together) ;  com- 
mon national  and  political  interests;  a  common  history;  a 
common  pride  in  a  glorious  ancestry ;  a  common  interest  in 
this  great  heritage  of  blessings  ;  the  very  geographical  features 
of  the  country ;  the  mighty  rivers  that  cross  the  lines  of  cli- 
mate, and  thus  facilitate  the  interchange  of  natural  and  indus- 
trial products,  while  the  wonder-working  arm  of  the  engineer 
has  levelled  the  mountain-walls  which  separate  the  East  and 
West,  compelling  your  own  Alleghanies,  my  Maryland  and 
Pennsylvania  friends,  to  open  wide  their  everlasting  doors  to 
the  chariot-wheels  of  traffic  and  travel,  —  these  bonds  of  union 
are  of  perennial  force  and  energy,  while  the  causes  of  alien- 
ation are  imaginary,  factitious,  and  transient.     The  heart  of 

vol.  iv.  42 


658  NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG. 

the  People,  North  and  South,  is  for  the  Union.  Indications, 
too  plain  to  be  mistaken,  announce  the  fact,  both  in  the  East 
and  the  West  of  the  States  in  rebellion.  In  North  Carolina 
and  Arkansas  the  fatal  charm  at  length  is  broken.  At  Ra- 
leigh and  Little  Rock  the  lips  of  honest  and  brave  men  are 
unsealed,  and  an  independent  press  is  unlimbering  its  artillery. 
When  its  rifled  cannon  shall  begin  to  roar,  the  hosts  of  trea- 
sonable sophistry  —  the  mad  delusions  of  the  day  —  will 
fly  like  the  Rebel  army  through  the  passes  of  yonder  moun- 
tain. The  weary  masses  of  the  people  are  yearning  to  see 
the  dear  old  flag  again  floating  upon  their  capitols,  and  they 
sigh  for  the  return  of  the  peace,  prosperity,  and  happiness 
which  they  enjoyed  under  a  government  whose  power  was 
felt  only  in  its  blessings. 

And  now,  friends,  fellow-citizens  of  Gettysburg  and  Penn- 
sylvania, and  you  from  remoter  States,  let  me  again,  as  we 
part,  invoke  your  benediction  on  these  honored  graves.  You 
feel,  though  the  occasion  is  mournful,  that  it  is  good  to  be  here. 
You  feel  that  it  was  greatly  auspicious  for  the  cause  of  the 
country,  that  the  men  of  the  East  and  the  men  of  the  West, 
the  men  of  nineteen  sister  States,  stood  side  by  side,  on  the 
perilous  ridges  of  the  battle.  You  now  feel  it  a  new  bond 
of  union,  that  they  shall  lie  side  by  side,  till  a  clarion,  loud- 
er than  that  which  marshalled  them  to  the  combat,  shall 
awake  their  slumbers.  God  bless  the  Union;  —  it  is  dearer 
to  us  for  the  blood  of  brave  men  which  has  been  shed  in  its 
defence.  The  spots  on  which  they  stood  and  fell ;  these 
pleasant  heights ;  the  fertile  plain  beneath  them ;  the  thriving 
village  whose  streets  so  lately  rang  with  the  strange  din  of 
war ;  the  fields  beyond  the  ridge,  where  the  noble  Reynolds 
held  the  advancing  foe  at  bay,  and,  while  he  gave  up  his  own 
life,  assured  by  his  forethought  and  self-sacrifice  the  triumph 
of  the  two  succeeding  days ;  the  little  streams  which  wind 
through  the  hills,  on  whose  banks  in  after-times  the  wonder- 
ing ploughman  will  turn  up,  with  the  rude  weapons  of  sav- 
age warfare,  the  fearful  missiles  of  modern  artillery ;  Sem- 
inary Ridge,  the  Peach-Orchard,  Cemetery,  Culp,  and  Wolf 
Hill,  Round  Top,  Little  Round  Top,  humble  names,  hence- 


NATIONAL    CEMETERY    AT    GETTYSBURG.  659 

forward  dear  and  famous,  —  no  lapse  of  time,  no  distance 
of  space,  shall  cause  you  to  be  forgotten.  "  The  whole 
earth,"  said  Pericles,  as  he  stood  over  the  remains  of  his 
fellow-citizens,  who  had  fallen  in  the  first  year  of  the  Pelo- 
ponnesian  War,  —  "  the  whole  earth  is  the  sepulchre  of  illustri- 
ous men."  All  time,  he  might  have  added,  is  the  millennium 
of  their  glory.  Surely  I  would  do  no  injustice  to  the  other 
noble  achievements  of  the  war,  which  have  reflected  such 
honor  on  both  arms  of  the  service,  and  have  entitled  the 
armies  and  the* navy  of  the  United  States,  their  officers  and 
men,  to  the  warmest  thanks  and  the  richest  rewards  which  a 
grateful  people  can  pay.  But  they,  I  am  sure,  will  join  us 
in  saying,  as  we  bid  farewell  to  the  dust  of  these  martyr- 
heroes,  that  wheresoever  throughout  the  civilized  world  the 
accounts  of  this  great  warfare  are  read,  and  down  to  the  latest 
period  of  recorded  time,  in  the  glorious  annals  of  our  com- 
mon country  there  will  be  no  brighter  page  than  that  which 
relates  The  Battles  of  Gettysburg. 


AID   TO   EAST   TENNESSEE  * 


Fellow-Citizens  :  — 

We  have  come  together  for  the  grateful  purpose  of  ten- 
dering a  most  cordial  welcome  to  our  honored  guest,  Colo- 
nel N.  G.  Taylor  of  East  Tennessee;  and  the  pleasing  duty 
has  devolved  upon  me  of  introducing  him  to  the  Union- 
loving  men  of  Boston,  assembled  in  Faneuil  Hall.  I  bid 
him  a  hearty  welcome  in  your  name.  To  introduce  him, 
however,  is  wholly  superfluous.  Many  of  you  have  already 
heard  him,  and,  as  a  matter  of  course,  you  desire  to  hear  him 
again ;  all  of  you  have  heard  of  him,  and,  as  a  matter  of 
course,  you  wish  to  hear  from  him.  It  is  therefore  as  un- 
necessary as  it  would  be  unbecoming,  in  his  presence,  to 
dwell  upon  his  titles  to  your  respectful  attention ;  but,  in 
addition  to  all  his  personal  claims  upon  our  sympathy,  you 
will  "  hear  him  for  his  cause,"  —  the  cause,  not  simply  of  the 
Union,  to  which  we  are  all  devoted,  but  of  faithful  Union 
men,  who,  from  the  outbreak  of  the  Rebellion,  have  stood  in 
the  post  of  danger,  on  whom  the  storm  of  war  first  broke, 
and  on  whom,  from  that  day  to  this,  it  has  beat  with  its 
wildest  fury.  At  this  distance  from  the  seat  of  war,  we  hear 
only  the  far-off  roar  of  the  tempest;  but  all  its  waves  and 
billows  have  gone  over  the  devoted  region  for  which  our 
honored  guest  comes  to  plead. 

And  a  more  interesting  region,  or  one  better  entitled  to 
our  most  active  sympathy,  is  not  to  be  found  within  the 
limits  of  the  United  States.  Forming  a  part  of  the  noble 
State  of  Tennessee,  it  is,  in  many  respects,  a  State  of  itself, 
and  not  a  small  one  either.     It  consists  of  the  broad  valley 

*  Remarks  at  a  meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall,  10th  February,  1864. 


AID    TO    EAST    TENNESSEE.  661 

of  the  magnificent  river  which  traverses  it  from  northeast  to 
southwest,  three  hundred  miles  in  length,  and  with  a  varying 
width  of  from  fifty  to  seventy-five  miles ;  and  of  the  slopes 
of  the  mountains  (which  separate  it  on  the  north  from  Ken- 
tucky, on  the  southwest  from  Middle  Tennessee,  and  on  the 
southeast  from  North  Carolina  and  Georgia),  a  beautiful 
valley,  between  beautiful  enclosing  hills,  fertile,  many  of 
them,  to  their  summits ;  sparkling  with  a  hundred  tributaries 
to  the  noble  stream  which  forms  its  principal  feature. 

That  river,  fellow-citizens,  is,  in  some  respects,  one  of  the 
most  remarkable  on  the  continent.  Its  northern  affluents 
rise  in  the  State  of  Virginia,  but,  as  if  to  read  a  lesson  of 
Union  in  the  very  face  of  the  soil,  —  as  if  to  prop  the  fabric 
of  the  Union  by  the  eternal  buttresses  of  the  hills,  —  in- 
stead of  flowing  to  the  Atlantic,  like  the  other  rivers  of 
Virginia,  it  gathers  up  the  waters  of  its  tributary  streams, — 
Clinch  and  Holston  and  French  Broad,  —  and,  connecting 
Virginia  and  the  Carolinas  with  East  Tennessee,  flows 
southward  down  to  the  northwestern  corner  of  Georgia. 
There,  after  kissing  the  feet  of  the  glorious  hills  of  Chatta- 
nooga, instead  of  flowing  to  the  Gulf,  —  its  seeming  natural 
direction,  —  it  coquets  with  Northern  Alabama,  breaks  into 
the  Muscle  Shoals,  plants  Decatur  at  their  head,  and  Flor- 
ence at  their  feet,  and  then,  sweeping  back  to  its  native 
North,  traverses  the  entire  width  of  Tennessee  a  second 
time,  —  seemingly  running  up  hill,  for  while  it  is  flowing 
northward,  the  Mississippi,  parallel  to  it,  and  at  no  great 
distance,  is  rolling  its  floods  southward,  —  enters  the  State 
of  Kentucky,  and  empties  at  last  into  the  Ohio,  fifty  miles 
above  its  junction  with  the  Mississippi,  —  thus  binding  seven 
States  in  its  silver  circuit,  and  connecting  them  all  with  the 
great  central  basin  of  the  continent.  The  soil  of  Eastern 
Tennessee  is  rich,  the  mountains  are  filled  with  coal  and 
almost  every  variety  of  ore;  their  slopes  bubble  with  mineral 
springs ;  the  climate  is  temperate  and  healthful ;  the  territory 
mainly  divided  into  farms  of  a  moderate  size,  for  the  most 
part  tilled  by  frugal,  industrious  men,  who  own  the  soil 
which   yields   them  its  well-earned   abundance.     In  no  part 


662  AID    TO    EAST    TENNESSEE. 

of  the  State  are  there  so  few  slaves ;  in  none  is  there  a  more 
substantial  population;  in  no  part  of  the  South  is  the  slave 
interest  so  feeble.  East  Tennessee  greatly  resembles  the 
lower  ranges  and  fertile  valleys  of  Switzerland,  and  it  has 
been  often  called  the  American  Switzerland.  It  is  divided 
into  thirty  counties,  and  its  population  does  not,  I  think,  fall 
short  of  three  hundred  thousand  souls.  My  friend,  Colonel 
Taylor,  nods  assent. 

But  this  grand  valley,  with  the  hills  that  enclose  it,  pos- 
sesses an  interest  for  us  far  beyond  that  which  attaches  to 
their  geographical  features,  merely  as  such.  It  is  one  of  the 
most  important  links  in  that  chain  of  valley  and  mountain 
which  traverses  the  entire  North  American  continent,  from 
northeast  to  southwest,  separating  the  streams  which  flow 
into  the  Atlantic  from  those  which  seek  the  St.  Lawrence, 
the  Ohio,  and  the  Mississippi.  Forcing  its  way  down  into 
the  heart  of  the  region  whose  alluvial  plains  are  devoted  to 
the  culture  of  tobacco,  cotton,  rice,  and  sugar,  by  slave-labor, 
this  ridge  of  highlands,  with  the  valleys  embosomed  in  them, 
from  the  time  you  leave  the  State  of  Pennsylvania,  begins 
to  assume  the  highest  political  importance  in  reference  to 
the  present  stupendous  struggle.  Extending  to  the  south- 
west as  far  as  Northern  Alabama,  this  noble  mountain  tract, 
with  the  valleys  enclosed  in  its  parallel  and  transverse  ridges, 
is,  by  the  character  of  its  climate,  soil,  and  natural  produc- 
tions, the  natural  ally  of  the  North.  Here,  if  nowhere  else, 
we  may  truly  say,  with  the  German  poet, 

"  Auf  den  Bergen  ist  Freiheit ;  der  Haueh  der  Grufte 
Steigt  nieht  hinauf  in  die  reinen  Lufte." 

That  means 

On  the  mountains  is  Freedom ;  the  breath  of  the  vales 
Rises  not  up  to  the  pure  mountain  gales. 

Overrun,  it  may  be,  by  the  armed  forces  of  the  Rebel- 
lion, all  the  sympathies  and  attachments  of  this  region  are 
with  the  loyal  States.  While  the  aristocracy  of  the  south- 
eastern counties  of  that  State  were  chanting  "  My  Mary- 
land," the  farmers  of  the  western  counties  (in   Cumberland 


AID    TO    EAST    TENNESSEE.  663 

Valley)  shouted  back,  "No,  it's  our  Maryland."  Western 
Virginia,  a  portion  of  the  same  grand  chain  of  mountain 
and  valley,  is  as  loyal  as  Massachusetts.  Then  comes 
Western  North  Carolina,  and  still  more  Eastern  Tennes- 
see, the  home  of  our  honored  guest,  and  of  as  true-hearted, 
loyal,  Union-loving  a  population  as  there  is  on  the  continent. 
As  far  down  as  Northern  Alabama  the  mountain  district  is 
filled  with  Union  sentiment.  It  was  with  the  greatest  diffi- 
culty that  it  was  engineered  into  secession.  As  to  East 
Tennessee,  when  an  election  was  ordered  by  the  disloyal 
governor  of  Tennessee,  in  that  dark  winter  of  February, 
1861,  to  see  if  the  State  was  willing  to  hold  a  convention  for 
the  purpose  of  seceding,  there  were  7,500  votes  for  the  con- 
vention, and  34,000  —  nearly  five  to  one  —  against  it.  This 
circumstance,  when  the  treason  of  the  cotton-growing  States 
was  consummated,  marked  out  East  Tennessee  for  the  pecu- 
liar vengeance  of  the  leaders  of  the  Rebellion.  I  will  not 
anticipate  what  will  be  so  much  better  set  forth  by  our  hon- 
ored guest.  It  is  enough  to  say,  that,  in  addition  to  all  the 
sufferings  of  regular  warfare,  the  Union-loving  inhabitants 
of  East  Tennessee  have  been  the  victims  of  lawless  outrages 
and  cruelties,  of  which  the  narrative  curdles  the  blood. 

Leaving  all  further  detail  to  him,  I  will  only  recall  to  your 
recollection  the  letter  of  Mr.  Judah  P.  Benjamin  (at  that 
time  the  Rebel  Secretary  of  War)  of  the  25th  November, 
1861.  It  will  be  remembered  that,  at  this  period  of  the  war, 
the  Government  had  been  unable  to  send  any  aid  to  the 
loyal  men  of  East  Tennessee.  It  was  before  the  glorious 
days  of  Grant  at  Chattanooga  and  Burnside  at  Knoxville. 
Thrown  upon  their  own  resources,  they  naturally  sought 
to  save  themselves  from  being  overrun,  by  destroying  the 
bridges  on  the  chief  lines  of  communication.  One  would 
suppose  that,  under  the  usurped  rule  of  men  who  professed 
to  go  to  war  for  self-government  and  State  rights,  the  people 
of  Eastern  Tennessee,  if  for  any  reason  they  thought  fit  to 
do  so,  had  a  right  to  burn  their  own  bridges  without  asking 
leave  of  the  Rebel  cabal  at  Richmond.  But  Mr.  Jefferson 
Davis,  a  Mississippi  planter,  and  Mr.  J.  P.  Benjamin,  a  law- 


664  AID    TO    EAST    TENNESSEE. 

yer  of  New  Orleans,  thought  otherwise.  They  not  only 
denied  the  right  of  the  farmers  of  East  Tennessee  to  burn 
their  own  bridges,  but  they  undertook  to  outlaw  the  great 
majority  of  the  population  of  that  region,  five  to  one  faithful 
"Union  men,  denouncing  them  as  traitors,  because  they  re- 
fused to  commit  treason.  To  show  you  how  the  friends  and 
neighbors  of  our  honored  guest  have  been  treated,  let  me 
read  you  that  letter  of  the  New  Orleans  lawyer,  who  was 
under  oath  himself  to  support  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States. 

War  Department,  Kichmond,  Nov.  25, 1861. 

Colonel  W.  B.  Wood:  —  Sir,  —  Your  report  of  the  20th  instant 
is  received,  and  I  now  proceed  to  give  you  the  desired  instruction  in 
relation  to  the  prisoners  of  war  taken  by  you  among  the  traitors  of 
East  Tennessee. 

First.  All  such  as  can  be  identified  as  having  been  engaged  in 
bridge-burning  are  to  be  tried  summarily  by  drum-head  court-martial, 
and,  if  found  guilty,  executed  on  the  spot,  by  hanging.  It  would  be  well 
to  leave  their  bodies  hanging  in  the  vicinity  of  the  burnt  bridges. 

Second.  All  such  as  have  not  been  so  engaged  are  to  be  treated  as 
prisoners  of  war,  and  sent,  with  an  armed  guard,  to  Tuscaloosa,  Ala- 
bama, there  to  be  kept  imprisoned  at  the  depot  selected  by  the  gov- 
ernment for  prisoners  of  war. 

Whenever  you  can  discover  that  arms  are  concentrated  by  these 
traitors,  you  will  send  out  detachments,  search  for  and  seize  the  arms. 
In  no  case  is  one  of  the  men  known  to  have  been  up  in  arms  against  the 
government  to  be  released  on  any  pledge  or  oath  of  allegiance.  The 
time  for  such  measures  is  past.     They  are  all  to  be  held  as  prisoners 

of  War,    AND    HELD    IN    JAIL    TILL    THE    END  OF  THE  WAR.       Such    as 

come  in  voluntarily,  take  the  oath  of  allegiance,  and  surrender  their 
arms,  are  alone  to  be  treated  with  leniency. 

Your  vigilant  execution  of  these  orders  is  earnestly  urged  by  the 

government. 

Your  obedient  servant, 

J.  P.  Benjamin,  Secretary  of  War. 
Colonel  W.  B.  Wood,  Knoxville,  Tenn. 

■p.  S.  —  Judge  Patterson  (Andy  Johnson's  son-in-law),  Colonel 
Pickens*  and  other  ringleaders  of  the  same  class,  must  be  sent  at 
once  to  Tuscaloosa  to  jail,  as  prisoners  of  war. 

*  Colonel  Pickens  died  in  the  Confederate  prison  at  Tuscaloosa. 


AID    TO    EAST    TENNESSEE.  665 

Such  was  the  atrocious  letter  of  the  Rebel  Secretary  of 
War ;  such  the  treatment  to  which  the  Union  men  of  East 
Tennessee  have  been  subjected. 

But  I  am  encroaching  on  the  time  that  belongs  to  our 
honored  guest.  I  will  only  add,  fellow-citizens,  that  our 
brethren  of  East  Tennessee  are  fighting  our  battles  as  well 
as  their  own,  on  their  blood-stained  soil.  It  is  our  cause  as 
much  as  theirs  in  which  they  have  suffered  the  most  cruel 
persecution ;  and  however  largely,  however  promptly  your 
relief  may  be  extended  to  them,  it  will  come  too  late,  I  fear, 
to  rescue  some  of  them  from  the  horrors  of  starvation.  This 
must  not  be.  If  the  Union  means  anything,  it  means  not 
merely  political  connection  and  commercial  intercourse,  but 
to  bear  each  other's  burdens,  and  to  share  each  other's  sacri- 
fices ;  it  means  active  sympathy  and  mutual  love. 


THE  NAVY  IN  THE  WAR* 


Gentlemen: — 

I  perform  a  very  grateful  duty  in  rising,  on  your  behalf,  to 
tender  a  most  respectful  and  cordial  welcome  to  the  honored 
guests  of  the  evening,  the  members  of  the  Naval  Committee 
and  of  other  committees  of  the  House  of  Representatives, 
and  other  distinguished  gentlemen  who  have  accompanied 
them.  They  come  to  us,  some  of  them,  from  distant  parts 
of  the  country,  with  the  strongest  titles  to  our  hospitable 
attentions.  The  circumstance  that  our  own  worthy  fellow- 
citizen,  and  one  of  our  immediate  representatives  (Mr.  Rice), 
has  the  honor  to  be  its  chairman,  forms  a  sort  of  personal 
connection  between  the  Naval  Committee  and  the  city  of 
Boston  ;  while  the  vast  importance  of  the  branch  of  the 
public  service  referred  to  its  action  is  a  sufficient  warrant 
that  it  must  be  composed  of  gentlemen  of  recognized  intel- 
Jgence,  capacity,  and  high  position  in  the  House  and  in  the 
country.  As  such  we  rejoice  in  the  opportunity  of  paying 
our  respects  personally  to  them  and  the  gentlemen  accom- 
panying them,  regretting  only  that  the  brevity  of  their  visit 
prevents  our  cultivating  their  acquaintance  as  we  could  wish, 
and  doing  the  honors  of  the  city  at  greater  leisure  and  to 
better  advantage.  They  will,  however,  have  stayed  long 
enough,  brief  as  their  visit  is,  to  discover  that  the  branch 
of  the  public  service  committed  to  them  is  in  high  favor 
with  Bostonians,  and  has  been  at  least  as  far  back  as  when 
the  keel  of  Old  Ironsides  was  laid  down  in  Hartt's  ship- 
yard. 

*  Remarks  in  the  chair  at  the  complimentary  dinner  to  the  Committee  on 
Naval  Affairs  of  the  House  of  Representatives,  at  the  Revere  House  in  Bos- 
ton, 12th  March,  1864. 


THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR.  667 

Essentially  a  commercial  and  navigating  people,  largely- 
concerned  from  time  immemorial  in  the  deep-water  fisheries, 
occupying  a  primitive  coast,  and  a  bold,  rocky  shore,  filled 
with  noble  bays  and  harbors,  the  inhabitants  of  this  part  of 
the  country  have  always  been  familiar  with  maritime  adven- 
ture and  with  the  naval  prowess  of  which  it  is  the  school. 

It  may  truly  be  said  of  a  considerable  portion  of  our  pop- 
ulation, as  much  as  of  any  other  people  in  the  world,  that 

"  Their  march  is  on  the  mountain  wave, 
Their  home  is  on  the  deep." 

Even  before  the  Revolution,  and  when  the  commerce  of  the 
Colonies  was  subject  to  the  restrictions  of  the  colonial  sys- 
tem, our  people  pursued  with  great  eagerness  every  branch 
of  navigating  enterprise  which  the  laws  of  the  mother 
country  permitted.  Our  harbors  were  a  favorite  recruiting- 
ground  for  the  Royal  Navy,  and  impressment  often  came  in 
aid  of  volunteering.  The  moment  the  colonial  restrictions 
were  removed  by  the  establishment  of  Independence,  our 
people  launched  into  a  course  of  maritime  adventure  which 
knew  no  limits  but  those  of  the  terraqueous  globe.  They 
penetrated  the  Baltic,  and  even  looked  into  Archangel ;  they 
opened  a  trade  with  India  and  China,  hitherto  and  long  after 
monopolized  in  Europe  by  great  chartered  companies ;  they 
doubled  Cape  Horn,  collected  sandal-wood  from  the  Sand- 
wich Islands  and  sea-otter  skins  from  the  Northwest  Coast, 
to  be  exchanged  at  Canton  for  teas,  silks,  and  earthen-ware. 
These  enterprises  required  something  more  than  the  skill  of 
the  tradesman.  If  the  early  life  of  our  lately  deceased  and 
honored  townsman,  Mr.  William  Sturgis,  were  recorded,  it 
would  exhibit  traits  of  daring  that  would  do  credit  to  any 
officer  in  our  naval  service.  Our  intelligent  commanders  in 
those  distant  seas  combined  the  explorer  with  the  shipmaster. 
Admiral  Vancouver,  though  expressly  bound  on  a  voyage  of 
discovery  in  the  Pacific,  passed  the  mouth  of  the  Columbia 
River  more  than  once  without  perceiving  its  existence,  as  the 
old  Spanish  navigators  had  also  failed  to  do.  Captain  Gray, 
of  this  town,  in  the  ship  Columbia,  had  previously  entered 
the    river   and    given  it  the    name   of   his  own  vessel.     He 


668  THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR. 

kindly  piloted  Admiral  Vancouver  into  it;  and  when  the 
controversy  afterwards  arose  between  England  and  the 
United  States  as  to  their  respective  claims  upon  the  coast, 
the  British  Government  founded  their  pretensions,  in  part, 
on  Admiral  Vancouver's  discovery.  Mr.  Webster  used  to 
mention,  by  way  of  showing  the  familiarity  of  a  portion  of 
our  population  with  these  remote  seas,  that  he  was  once 
arguing  a  case  before  a  jury  in  Nantucket,  which  turned,  to 
some  extent,  upon  the  precise  localities  of  the  harbor  of 
Honolulu.  By  way  of  strengthening  the  evidence  which 
had  been  submitted  on  that  point,  he  requested  such  of  the 
jury  as  happened  to  be  acquainted  with  the  spot  to  rise  in 
their  seats.  Five  of  the  jury,  if  I  recollect  aright,  responded 
to  the  call. 

But,  gentlemen,  it  is  not  exclusively  nor  mainly  these 
commercial  associations  which  have  led  our  people  to  cherish 
a  navy.  They  have  felt  that  those  great  natural  powers,  — 
the  world-surrounding  ocean,  its  shores  and  its  depths,  its 
harbors  and  its  boundless  pathways,  the  winds  that  sweep  its 
surface,  the  currents  which  obey  their  impulse,  the  living 
tribes  which  swarm  upon  its  shoals  or  wallow  in  its  abysses, 
were  intended  by  a  Gracious  Providence  to  rank  high  among 
the  materials  of  that  greatest  creation  of  the  wisdom  of  man, 
a  civilized  Commonwealth.  They  have  deduced  from  all 
history,  ancient  and  modern,  they  have  inherited  with  the 
primal  traditions  of  the  mother  country,  the  vital  truth,  that 
for  territory  situated  on  the  seaboard,  naval  skill  and  strength 
are  the  indispensable  condition  of  national  independence, 
safety,  and  power ;  a  truth,  by  the  way,  enough  of  itself  to 
show  the  madness  of  the  South  in  attempting  to  sever  her 
connection  with  a  great  naval  power,  with  the  inevitable 
effect,  if  she  could  succeed  in  the  suicidal  attempt,  of  placing 
her  own  coasts,  harbors,  and  the  mouths  of  her  rivers  at  the 
mercy  of  every  foreign  power  able  to  keep  a  few  war  steam- 
ers at  sea.  The  patriots  of  the  Revolution,  South  as  well 
as  North,  saw  this.  Mr.  Edward  Rutledge  told  his  fellow- 
citizens  of  South  Carolina  that  "  they  had  no  other  resource, 
in   time   of  danger,   than    the    naval   force   of   our   Northern 


THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR.  669 

friends."  It  has  been  so  from  the  dawn  of  history.  It  was 
a  navy  which  enabled  a  little  city  of  Greece  to  beat  back 
the  barbarous  hordes  of  the  East,  It  was  a  navy  which 
enabled  Carthage  so  long  to  dispute  the  progress  of  the  Ro- 
mans to  universal  dominion.  It  was  a.  navy — nay,  it  was 
one  naval  battle  —  which  gave  Augustus  the  Empire  of  the 
world ;  a  navy  which  carried  the  Northmen  from  the  polar 
circle  to  the  coasts  of  France,  to  Sicily,  and  Constantinople; 
and  which  made  Venice  and  Genoa,  alternately,  the  mis- 
tresses of  the  Mediterranean  and  the  Levant,  and,  through 
them,  of  the  commerce  of  the  East.  It  was  their  navies 
which,  in  the  dawn  of  the  modern  political  system  of  Europe, 
put  it  in  the  power  of  Spain  and  little  Portugal  to  divide 
between  them,  like  the  two  halves  of  an  orange,  no  small 
part  of  the  newly  discovered  world.  It  was  her  naval 
strength  which  prevented  England  from  being  crushed  in  the 
Titanic  struggle  with  Spain  in  the  sixteenth  century ;  by 
which,  in  the  seventeenth  and  eighteenth  centuries,  she  laid 
the  foundation  of  her  vast  colonial  empire  on  this  continent, 
in  India,  and  Australia ;  and  by  which,  even  now,  she  belts 
the  globe  with  the  sovereign  girdle  of  her  dependencies. 

But  why  cite  ancient  or  foreign  examples  ?  In  the  infancy 
of  our  little  navy,  under  the  guidance  of  the  veteran  Preble, 
it  broke  the  power  of  one  of  the  Barbary  Regencies,  and  led 
the  way  to  the  abolition  of  the  shameful  tribute,  by  which 
the  great  states  of  Christendom  had  so  long  purchased  peace 
from  those  contemptible  pirates.  I  saw  him  on  the  quarter- 
deck of  the  Constitution  the  day  before  she  sailed  (I,  a  lad 
of  nine  years),  and  never  did  my  eye  rest  on  a  nobler  figure 
of  a  man.  An  expression  of  mingled  gentleness,  dignity,  and 
courage  sat  upon  his  brow,  which  produced,  even  on  the 
mind  of  a  child,  an  impression  which,  after  sixty  years,  is  as 
fresh  as  yesterday.  In  the  war  of  1812,  our  navy,  still  in  its 
infancy,  with  its  half-dozen  "  fir  frigates,"  as  they  were  scorn- 
fully termed  by  the  British  minister  (they  happened  to  be 
built  of  the  best  of  seasoned  live-oak),  boldly  entered  the  lists 
with  the  mistress  of  the  seas,  and  bore  away  the  palm  from 
many  a  gallant  encounter.     Hull,  Bainbridge,  Decatur,  Rog- 


670  THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR. 

ers,  Dowries,  McDonough,  Perry,  Stewart,  —  what  naval 
service  is  adorned  with  brighter  names!  From  this  time 
forward  America  takes  her  stand  as  one  of  the  great  naval 
powers  of  the  earth. 

The  outbreak  of  the  Rebellion,  however,  found  our  navy 
on  a  peace  establishment;  far  below  the  wants  of  the  coun- 
try, even  in  time  of  peace,  —  many  of  the  vessels  old  and 
useless,  nearly  all  sailing  ships,  few  war  steamers,  no  iron- 
clads, the  force  greatly  scattered,  two  hundred  and  seven 
seamen  only  in  all  the  navy-yards  of  the  United  States  to 
protect  the  government  property;  and  ordnance  and  ord- 
nance stores  in  sad  proportion  to  the  number  and  quality 
of  the  vessels.  With  these  wretchedly  inadequate  means, 
a  Herculean  task  was  to  be  performed.  Active  naval  co- 
operation was  to  be  afforded  to  the  army,  wherever  the 
localities  permitted;  strong  fortresses  were  to  be  battered 
down;  the  Mississippi  opened,  and  kept  open,  and  a  sea- 
coast  of  vast  extent  held  in  strict  blockade.  The  line  of 
seacoast  blockaded,  according  to  the  measurements  of  the 
Coast  Survey,  is  3,549  statute  miles;  the  number  of  ports 
and  harbors  to  be  watched,  one  hundred  and  eighty-nine,  with 
much  of  the  coast  double ;  3,615  miles  on  the  Mississippi 
and  its  tributaries,  and  2,000  miles  of  sound,  inlet,  bay,  and 
river  in  the  Atlantic  States  were  to  be  guarded  by  our  gun- 
boats. This  was  the  work  to  be  done,  —  this  is  the  work  that 
has  been  done !  The  force  afloat  has  risen  from  forty-two 
vessels,  in  commission  in  March,  1861,  to  588  vessels ;  the 
number  of  seamen  from  760  to  34,000 ;  while  the  ordnance 
has  been  augmented  from  less  than  3,000  pieces  of  all  pat- 
terns (many  of  them  antiquated,  and  in  the  present  state  of 
warfare  useless)  to  nearly  twice  that  number,  mostly  of  the 
recent  improved  constructions,  many  of  portentous  calibre 
and  range.  Every  ship-yard,  public  and  private,  has  been 
taxed  to  its  utmost  capacity;  every  furnace  in  the  country 
has  been  kept  at  white  heat,  night  and  day,  and  an  amount 
of  work  has  been  performed,  on  the  coast  and  rivers,  and  a 
series  of  results  achieved,  without  a  parallel,  as  I  believe,  when 
the  disadvantages  are  considered  under  which  the  navy  labored 


THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR.  671 

at  the  commencement,  in  naval  history.  Let  Norfolk,  Hat- 
teras,  Roanoke  Island,  Port  Royal,  Pensacola,  the  Rio  Grande, 
Fort  Henry  and  Fort  Donelson,  Island  No.  10,  Memphis, 
Vicksburg,  Port  Hudson,  the  shattered  fragments  of  Sumter, 
Fort  Jackson,  and  Fort  St.  Philip,  the  city  of  New  Orleans, 
the  Atlanta  demolished  by  five  shot  from  the  Weehawken, 
1,045  vessels  captured  from  the  enemy  up  to  the  1st  of  No- 
vember, and  from  seventy  to  eighty  since  added,  the  closure 
of  every  port  save  one  (and  that  guarded  by  twenty  vessels) 
on  this  immense  line  of  coast,  bear  witness  to  the  activity 
and  efficiency  of  this  arm  of  the  service.  I  need  not,  of 
course,  disclaim  any  thought  of  undervaluing  what  has  been 
done  by  our  noble  armies  and  their  gallant  commanders, 
who  have  borne  their  full  share  in  many  of  these  achieve- 
ments, but  I  am  sure  that  they,  one  and  all,  will  do  justice  to 
the  efficient  co-operation  of  the  navy. 

And  then,  that  marvellous  creation  of  the  genius  and  skill 
of  Ericsson, —  the  wonder  of  the  age,  the  turreted  monitor. 
If  there  is  an  incident  in  the  history  of  the  war,  which  more 
than  any  other  deserves  to  be  referred  to  a  direct  interposition 
of  an  overruling  Providence,  it  is  the  arrival  of  the  heaven- 
directed  little  vessel  at  Fortress  Monroe,  after  her  rough, 
uncomfortable  voyage  from  New  York,  on  the  evening  of  the 
8th  of  March,  1862,  at  the  close  of  a  day  of  havoc,  —  I  had 
almost  said,  of  terror.  The  mind  recoils  from  the  contem- 
plation of  the  state  of  things  which  would  have  existed  had 
the  ravages  of  the  Merrimac  been  renewed  on  the  morning 
of  the  9th.  But  the  avenger  was  at  hand.  After  an  all  but 
sleepless  voyage  from  New  York  of  fifty-six  hours,  in  a  ves- 
sel whose  construction,  whose  strange  enginery,  whose  arma- 
ment, whose  capacity  for  offensive  or  defensive  service  were 
all  untried,  the  gallant  Worden,  at  sunrise  the  next  morning, 
bore  calmly  down  to  the  encounter  with  his  gigantic  adver- 
sary, amidst  the  wrecks  of  his  yesterday's  devastations  (the 
topmasts  of  the  sunken  Cumberland  peering  mournfully 
above  the  waters,  the  Congress  burned  to  the  water's  edge, 
the  Minnesota  marked  out  as  the  next  victim,  helplessly 
aground),  went  round  and  round   him,  to  use   the*  graphic 


672  THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR. 

language  of  an  eyewitness,  "  as  a  cooper  goes  round  a  cask," 
and  drove  him,  crippled  and  discomfited,  back  to  his  harbor, 
never  more  to  leave  it  till  he  went  up,  self-destroyed,  in 
fragments,  to  the  sky.  When  the  noble  young  commander 
of  the  Monitor  dropped  upon  the  floor  of  his  pilot-house, 
stunned,  lacerated,  blackened,  and  bleeding,  with  scarce  a 
vestige  of  humanity  in  his  manly  countenance,  he  had  in- 
augurated a  new  era  in  naval  warfare !  When  the  iron-clads 
and  monitors  now  in  course  of  construction  are  completed, 
we  shall  have,  upon  our  coasts  and  in  our  harbors,  a  defen- 
sive force  which  will  relieve  us  from  all  possibility  of  foreign 
aggression. 

But  this  torpid,  inefficient,  fossil  navy  don't  catch  the  Ala- 
bama. No,  nor  did  torpid,  inefficient,  lazy  Nelson,  in  com- 
mand of  the  fleet  with  which  he  fought  the  battle  of  the  Nile, 
catch  Napoleon,  with  a  force  in  ships  of  war  and  transports 
of  more  than  four  hundred  vessels,  shadowing  the  sea  for 
miles,  though  he  chased  him,  or  rather  thought  he  chased 
him,  round  the  Mediterranean  from  the  19th  of  May  till  the 
1st  of  August,  as  the  cat  chases  her  tail,  —  Napoleon  stop- 
ping, by  way  of  episode,  to  capture  Malta,  on  the  way,  —  and 
on  the  22d  of  June  actually  crossing  the  track  of  Nelson  a 
few  hours  before.  Neither  was  he  caught  by  the  English, 
Russian,  and  Turkish  fleets  (the  English  still  commanded  by 
Nelson),  when,  the  following  year,  he  returned  by  a  voyage 
of  six  or  seven  weeks  from  Egypt  to  France,  passing  a  week 
with  his  relations  at  Ajaccio,  by  the  way.  Neither  was  he 
caught  in  1815,  on  his  passage  from  Elba,  though  the  Eng- 
lish knew  he  was  plotting  his  escape,  and  a  French  cruiser 
hailed  him  on  the  way,  and  hearing  his  corvette  was  from 
Elba,  inquired  how  the  Emperor  was,  who  answered  in  per- 
son that  he  "was  perfectly  well."  The  Mediterranean  is  but 
a  millpond  compared  with  the  seas  over  which  the  Alabama 
roams ;  and  whenever  the  pirate  is  hard  pressed  he  slips  into 
a  neutral  port.  It,  of  course,  must  be  by  mere  chance  if  he 
is  ever  captured. 

The  fact  mentioned  by  you,  sir  (Mr.  Rice),  in  a  very  judi- 
cious speech  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  the  other  day, 


THE    NAVY    IN    THE    WAR.  673 

strikingly  illustrates  the  difficulty  of  rinding  any  single  vessel 
at  sea,  even  when  there  is  not  the  slightest  wish  or  motive  to 
elude  search.  You  stated,  if  I  recollect  rightly,  that  you  had 
been  informed  by  a  shipmaster,  that  he  had  left  port  with 
more  than  four  hundred  vessels,  which  had  been  windbound, 
and  were  now  starting  on  their  different  voyages,  and  before 
nightfall  there  was  not  one  of  them  in  sight. 

But,  gentlemen,  I  am  consuming  your  time  unreasonably. 
We  all  rejoice  to  believe  that  the  interests  of  the  navy  are  in 
the  hands  of  an  intelligent  and  efficient  committee.  The 
immediate  errand  of  your  visit  is  understood  to  be  to  exam- 
ine sites  for  a  new  establishment,  adapted  to  the  construction 
and  repair  of  iron-clad  and  steam  vessels  of  war.  It  is,  I 
believe,  a  pressing  want  of  the  service.  A  revolution  has 
taken  place  in  naval  warfare,  and  new  arrangements,  estab- 
lishments, and  appliances  are  required  to  meet  it.  I  regret 
that  it  has  not  been  in  your  power,  for  want  of  time,  to  ex- 
tend your  visit  to  Newport,  where*  you  would  have  found  in 
the  Naval  Academy — I  speak  from  personal  observation,  as 
a  member  of  the  last  Board  of  Visitors  —  an  institution 
which  deserves  all  the  favor  of  the  government.  I  was  as- 
sured by  the  Prince  de  Joinville,  in  a  letter  written  by  him 
last  summer,  that  his  high  expectations  were  more  than  ful- 
filled, in  the  education  which  his  son  had  received  in  the 
United  States  Naval  Academy.  A  very  intelligent  gentle- 
man, a  captain  in  the  Royal  Navy,  to  whom  I  gave  a  letter 
of  introduction,  the  week  before  the  last,  to  my  friend  Cap- 
tain Fairfax,  the  Commandant  of  Midshipmen  at  Newport, 
told  me,  on  his  return  to  Boston,  that  he  had  found  the 
organization  and  administration  of  the  school  alike  admira- 
ble, and  that  they  had  nothing  upon  the  same  scale  in  the 
British  service.  I  commend  this  excellent  institution  to  the 
protection  of  the  committee,  and  the  liberal  support  of  the 
government. 


vol.  iv.  43 


RUSSIA  AND   THE  UNITED   STATES* 


The  Mayor  (Hon.  F.  W.  Lincoln,  Jr.)  proposed  the  sec- 
ond regular  sentiment,  to  which  he  called  on  Mr.  Everett  to 
respond.     The  toast  was  :  — 

Russia  and  the  United  States.  As  their  territorial  possessions 
together  embrace  the  entire  circuit  of  the  globe,  may  the  governments 
and  peoples  of  the  two  countries  ever  be  connected  by  the  strongest 
ties  of  mutual  friendship  and  good-will. 

Mr.  Everett  responded  a&  follows :  — 

I  obey  your  call,  Mr.  Mayor,  with  great  cheerfulness,  and 
I  respond  with  all  my  heart  to  the  toast  which  you  have 
offered  to  the  company.  It  is  by  no  means  an  ordinary  festi- 
val which  has  brought  us  together  at  this  time,  but,  as  you 
have  justly  stated,  an  occasion  of  unusual  public  significance 
and  interest.  I  feel  myself  under  obligations  to  Admiral  Les- 
soffsky  and  the  gentlemen  of  his  suite  and  fleet,  for  a  reason 
in  some  measure  personal  to  myself.  I  had  occasion,  about  a 
twelvemonth  since,  as  a  member  of  the  Board  of  Visitors  of 
the  United  States  Naval  Academy  at  Newport,  in  some  re- 
marks which  I  addressed  to  the  officers  and  pupils  of  the  insti- 
tution, at  the  close  of  the  examination,  to  speak  of  the  impor- 
tance of  making  provision  for  the  instruction  of  our  naval 
officers,  not  only  in  those  scientific  and  technical  branches  and 
military  exercises  which  belong  to  the  profession,  but  of  those 
broader  studies  which  pertain  to  a  finished  education ;  and  I 
gave  as  a  reason  for  this  observation  that  the  naval  officer  was 

*  Remarks  at  the  complimentary  banquet  given  by  the  City  Council  of 
Boston  to  Rear- Admiral  Lessoffsky  and  the  officers  of  the  Russian  fleet,  at 
the  Revere  House,  June  7,  1864. 


RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES.  675 

often  called  upon  to  appear  as  the  representative  of  his  govern- 
ment in  foreign  countries.  What  more  pleasing  confirmation 
of  the  justice  of  this  remark  could  I  desire  than  the  agreeable 
impression  which  has  been  made  upon  our  whole  commu- 
nity by  the  visit  of  our  distinguished  guests?  Why,  sir, 
a  regular  diplomatic  agent,  an  Envoy  Extraordinary  and 
Minister  Plenipotentiary,  may  be  received  and  treated  with 
the  utmost  courtesy;  he  may  discharge  his  duties  with  the 
greatest  fidelity  to  his  own  government,  frankly  and  honor- 
ably toward  the  government  to  which  he  is  accredited,  but, 
after  exchanging  assurances  of  his  highest  consideration  with 
the  minister  of  foreign  affairs  every  fortnight  for  a  year,  he 
will  have  done  less  to  bring  the  people  of  the  two  countries 
together  than  has  been  done  by  our  amiable  and  distinguished 
guests  in  a  week. 

It  has  been  the  pleasing  duty  of  the  Trustees  of  the  Pub- 
lic Library  to  do  the  honors  of  that  institution  to  many 
distinguished  visitors,  foreign  and  native  ;  among  the  former 
to  the  youthful  heir  to  the  British  crown,  whose  gracious 
affability  and  extreme  propriety  of  conduct  in  a  difficult  posi- 
tion drew  to  himself  a  full  share  of  that  respect  and  good- 
will which  the  people  of  America  cherish,  in  a  degree  scarcely 
less  than  her  subjects,  toward  his  royal  mother,  —  and  to  the 
highly  accomplished  and  intelligent  prince  who  stands  in  so 
near  a  relation  to  the  throne  of  France;  but  it  is  no  flattery 
to  say  that  the  library  has  never,  within  my  knowledge,  been 
visited  by  persons  who  have  exhibited  a  more  enlightened 
and  intelligent  curiosity  as  to  the  nature,  condition,  and 
workings  of  such  an  institution  than  our  respected  guests. 

Such  are  the  fruits  of  a  wise  system  of  naval  education ; 
the  education  which  has  given  to  Russia  such  names  as 
Golovnin,  Krusenstern,  Liitke,  Kotzebue,  and  Bellingshau- 
sen,—  names  which  I  mention  quite  as  much  for  the  benefit 
of  our  own  government  and  people,  as  out  of  compliment  to 
our  honored  guests.  It  is  but  about  twenty  years  since  our 
solitary  naval  school  was  established,  and  it  has  by  no  means 
attained  the  expansion  required  even  by  the  ordinary  wants 
of  the  service.     On  the  other  hand,  I  find  in  a  work  of  au- 


676  RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES. 

thority  published  several  years  ago,  that  there  were  supported, 
under  the  minister  of  the  marine  in  Russia,  nine  naval 
schools  of  all  kinds  for  the  education  of  officers,  seamen, 
pilots,  and  engineers,  in  the  Baltic  and  Black  Seas,  with  an 
aggregate  of  more  than  two  hundred  and  fifty  teachers  and 
more  than  two  thousand  five  hundred  pupils.  You  must, 
however,  Admiral,  make  some  allowance  for  our  youth.  It  is 
but  a  few  years  —  fifty  at  the  outside  —  since  the  United 
States  claimed  a  place  among  the  considerable  naval  pow- 
ers ;  but  it  is  more  than  one  hundred  and  fifty  years  since 
that  most  extraordinary  personage,  Peter  the  Great,  under 
the  humble  name  of  Peter  Baas  (Boss  Peter),  wrought  with 
his  own  hands  in  the  ship-yards  of  Saardam. 

As  you  have  truly  remarked,  sir,  Russia  was  one  of  the 
first  powers  to  hold  out  the  hand  of  fellowship  to  us  on  our 
appearance  in  the  family  of  nations.  Chief  Justice  Dana  of 
this  State  was  sent  as  minister  to  Russia  in  1780,  and  John 
Quincy  Adams,  then  a  lad  of  fourteen,  was  appointed  by 
Congress  his  private  secretary,  —  the  youngest  person  perhaps 
ever  appointed  to  such  an  office  in  this  country.  A  pretty 
strong  team  that,  Mr.  Mayor,  Chief  Justice  Dana  and  John 
Quincy  Adams,  and  there  are  grandsons  of  those  distin- 
guished personages  in  the  hall,  who  show  that  the  breed  has 
not  degenerated.  Mr.  Harris,  the  British  minister,  afterwards 
Lord  Malmesbury,  succeeded  in  preventing  the  immediate 
recognition  of  Mr.  Dana  by  the  Empress  Catherine,  but  the 
moment  it  could  be  done  without  offence  to  Great  Britain, 
that  is,  as  soon  as  the  treaty  of  1783  was  concluded,  she 
recognized  the  infant  Republic  with  cordiality.  From  that 
time  to  this,  the  best  understanding  has  existed  between  the 
two  governments.  During  the  war  of  1812  with  England, 
Russia  tendered  her  mediation  between  the  two  countries. 
It  was  not  accepted  by  Great  Britain  ;  but  the  proposal  re- 
sulted in  a  direct  negotiation  and  the  conclusion  of  the  treaty 
of  Ghent.  For  the  whole  period  of  our  existence  as  a  nation, 
the  intercourse  between  the  two  governments  has  been  most 
friendly.  Never  but  in  a  single  instance,  and  that  more  than 
forty  years  ago,  has  there  been  a  difference  of  opinion  lead- 


RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES.  677 

ing  to  a  discussion  between  them,  and  that  yielded  to  an  ex- 
change of  notes  between  Mr.  Poletica  and  Mr.  Adams. 

When  the  late  Emperor  Nicholas  resolved  upon  introdu- 
cing railroads  into  his  dominions,  he  sent  a  commission  to  this 
country  to  examine  our  public  works  of  that  description. 
This  examination  resulted  in  the  engagement  of  Major 
Whistler  (the  engineer  of  our  Western  Railroad)  to  superin- 
tend the  construction  of  the  railroad  from  St.  Petersburg  to 
Moscow.  On  occasion  of  the  visit  of  the  Emperor  to  Lon- 
don in  1844,  I  had  the  honor  of  being  presented  to  him.  A 
more  magnificent  figure  of  a  man  I  never  beheld ;  it  was  the 
youthful  Hercules  and  Apollo  moulded  into  one,  and  most 
like  General  Scott  thirty  years  ago,  before  age  had  laid  its 
burden  on  his  noble  form.  The  Emperor  spoke  of  Major 
Whistler  in  terms  of  the  highest  commendation.  He  said  he 
was  perfectly  satisfied  with  him  in  all  respects ;  and  hoped  he 
should  be  able  to  retain  him  in  Russia.  On  the  premature 
and  lamented  decease  of  Major  Whistler,  another  American 
engineer,  Major  Brown  of  the  Erie  Railroad,  was  engaged  by 
the  Imperial  government  to  complete  the  road  to  Moscow. 

In  the  last  great  struggle  in  which  Russia  was  involved, 
the  sympathies  of  the  people  of  the  United  States  were,  I 
think,  generally  with  her.  The  causes  of  the  Crimean  war 
were  obscure;  and  what  we  understood  of  them,  to  wit,  a 
wish  to  preserve  the  integrity  of  the  Ottoman  Empire,  did 
not  appeal  very  strongly  to  American  feeling.  We  had  no 
quarrel  with  the  Turks,  but  they  were  not  objects  of  popular 
sympathy.  It  was  known,  besides,  to  well-informed  persons, 
that  the  prime  minister  of  England,  Lord  Aberdeen  (one  of 
the  purest,  wisest,  and  most  honorable  men  that  ever  governed 
England),  believed  that  the  war  might  have  been,  and  conse- 
quently ought  to  have  been,  avoided.  His  colleague,  Sir 
James  Graham,  expressed  the  same  opinion.  The  war  was 
brought  about  by  the  same  agencies,  wielded  in  part  by  the 
same  hands,  which  have  been  equally  busy  in  the  attempt  to 
bring  about  a  war  between  the  United  States  and  Great 
Britain.  I  need  not  tell  you  that  the  duties  of  an  honest 
neutrality    were    faithfully    performed    by    our    government, 


678  RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES. 

Both  of  the  belligerent  parties  procured  from  this  country,  in 
the  way  of  open  trade,  those  supplies  which  the  law  of  na- 
tions allows  the  neutral  to  furnish  the  belligerent ;  and  in  the 
solitary  instance  in  which  an  attempt  was  supposed  to  be 
making  to  build  a  ship  of  war  for  the  Russian  government, 
the  remonstrances  of  Great  Britain  against  this  breach  of 
neutrality  were  promptly  and  effectually  listened  to  by  the 
government  of  the  United  States. 

But  it  is  during  our  own  tremendous  struggle  that  Russia 
has  shown  herself  the  wise,  the  firm,  and  the  consistent  friend 
of  our  country.     Her  Emperor  and  his  enlightened  counsel- 
lors saw,  what  France  and  England  were  slow  to  comprehend, 
that  the  rupture  of  the  American  Union  would  be  an  event 
as  much  to  be  deprecated  by  them,  nay,  by  the  slaveholding 
States  themselves,  as  by  our  own  constitutional  government. 
Never,  I  suppose,  in  the   history   of  the  civilized  world,  has 
there    been    an    attempted   revolution,  in    which  —  after   the 
frenzy  of  the  hour  is  passed  —  success  would  be  felt  to  be  so 
signal  a  calamity  by  the   revolting   party  itself,  as  it  would 
inevitably  prove  to   our  rebellious    States,    and  so    entirely 
prejudicial  to  the  best  interests  of  the  civilized  world.     This, 
however,  was  clearly  seen  from  the  outset  by  the  government 
of  the   Emperor  of  Russia.     That  government  alone,  of  the 
three  leading  powers  of  Europe,  perceived,  with  prompt  dis- 
cernment, that  the  disintegration  of  the  Union  would  be  dis- 
astrous to  all  parties,  —  a  calamity  to  the  family  of  nations 
unrelieved  by  a  single  benefit.     In  that  remarkable  letter  of 
Prince  Gortschakoff,  the  Russian  Minister  for  Foreign  Affairs, 
dated  10th  July,  1861,  and  addressed  to  the   Russian  envoy 
in  this  country,  to  be  communicated  to  the  Secretary  of  State, 
he  uses  this  memorable  language  :  "  In  spite  of  the  diversity 
of  their  constitutions   and  of  their   interests,   perhaps    even 
because    of   their   diversity,   Providence    seems   to    urge    the 
United  States  to  draw  closer  the  traditional  bond,  as  the  basis 
and  very  condition  of  their  political  existence.     In  any  event, 
the  sacrifices  they  might  impose  upon  themselves  to  maintain 
it  are  not  to  be  compared  with  those  which  dissolution  would 
bring  after  it.     United,  they  perfect  themselves;    separated 


RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES.  679 

from  each  other,  they  are  paralyzed."  And  again,  in  the  same 
remarkable  despatch,  Prince  Gortschakoff,  speaking  in  the 
name  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  says  :  "  The  American  Union 
is  not  merely,  in  our  eyes,  an  element  essential  to  the  uni- 
versal political  equilibrium;  it  constitutes  besides  a  nation, 
to  which  our  august  master  and  all  Russia  have  pledged  the 
most  friendly  interest;  for  the  two  countries,  placed  at  the 
extremities  of  the  two  worlds,  both  in  the  ascending  period 
of  their  development,  appear  called  to  a  natural  community 
of  interests  and  sympathies,  of  which  they  have  already  given 
mutual  proofs  to  each  other." 

Words  of  sagacity  and  wisdom,  as  well  as  of  friendship 
and  peace !  The  Emperor  of  Russia  tells  the  American 
States,  and  tells  them  truly,  that  the  Union  is  the  very  condi- 
tion of  their  political  existence ;  that  united  they  perfect 
themselves,  that  separated  from  each  other  they  are  paralyzed. 
Such,  in  the  opinion  of  this  impartial  observer,  is  the  Union. 
Does  not  the  slightest  reflection  justify  the  remark  ?  Take 
first  the  case  of  the  States  in  rebellion.  What  would  the 
doctrine  of  secession,  if  established,  do  for  them  ?  It  would 
more  than  "  paralyze,"  it  would  destroy,  their  political  exist- 
ence. It  would  place  the  territory  of  the  Confederacy,  and 
all  its  relations  with  foreign  powers,  at  the  mercy  of  each 
and  every  individual  —  it  might  be  disaffected — State. 
Texas,  Louisiana,  Florida,  recent  acquisitions,  all  of  them, 
from  foreign  powers,  might  each  and  all  set  up  for  them- 
selves ;  might  fly  off  to  France  or  Spain.  Party  spirit,  do- 
mestic intrigue,  foreign  gold,  the  turn  of  a  popular  election, 
the  will  of  a  dominant  faction,  might,  on  this  doctrine,  carry 
any  one  of  them  off  to-morrow.  In  the  mean  time,  by  the 
doctrine  of  secession,  the  entire  Confederacy,  considered  as  a 
whole,  cuts  itself  off  from  a  great  naval  power  of  which  it 
formed  an  integral  part ;  places  its  coasts,  its  ports,  the 
mouths  of  its  rivers,  at  the  mercy  of  every  maritime  power, 
and  this  too  at  a  moment  when  it  defiantly  announces  that 
it  has  established  itself  upon  a  corner-stone  which  is  daily 
rejected  more  and  more  by  the  public  sentiment  of  the  civil- 
ized world. 


680  RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES. 

But  if  the  States  in  rebellion  are  guilty  of  this  suicidal 
frenzy,  scarcely  less  at  war  with  an  enlightened  self-interest 
is  the  course  which  their  sympathizers  in  the  leading  mar- 
itime states  of  Europe  have  endeavored  to  force  upon  the 
governments.  What,  for  instance,  would  be  more  against 
the  interest  of  England  —  the  country  which  it  most  con- 
cerns to  enforce  the  duties  of  neutrals  —  to  establish  the  doc- 
trine that,  in  all  her  future  wars,  and  all  future  rebellions 
against  her  central  government,  her  antagonist  —  it  may  be 
Canada,  or  Ireland,  or  Oude,  or  China,  or  New  Zealand ;  it 
may  be  a  power  that  has  not  a  seaport  or  a  mile  of  coast  — 
may  put  in  requisition  every  ship-yard  and  every  foundry  in 
the  neutral  states,  provided  only  the  paltry  sham  is  observed  of 
having  the  ships  which  are  to  prey  on  her  commerce  built  and 
equipped  by  one  contractor,  and  the  armament  furnished  and 
sent  abroad  by  another,  to  be  taken  on  board  at  a  foreign 
port.  Is  that  a  doctrine  likely  to  benefit  England  in  partic- 
ular, or  the  commercial  world  in  general  ?  or  is  it  rather  a 
device  by  which  private  cupidity  is  enabled  to  break  down 
the  barriers  which  for  two  centuries  the  law  of  nations  has 
been  throwing  round  the  rights  and  duties  of  belligerents  and 
of  neutrals? 

Again,  after  the  Spanish  colonies  of  this  continent  had 
asserted  their  independence  of  Spain,  England  importuned 
the  United  States  to  co-operate  with  her  in  preventing  France 
from  interfering  to  recolonize  them ;  and  when  the  United 
States  yielded  to  her  solicitations,  Lord  Brougham  declared 
in  the  British  Parliament  that  "  no  event  had  ever  diffused 
greater  joy,  exultation,  and  gratitude  over  all  the  freemen  of 
Europe  than  the  language  held  with  respect  to  Spanish 
America  in  the  message  of  President  Monroe  to  Congress." 
The  secretary  and  biographer  (Mr.  Stapylton)  of  the  British 
Minister  labors  to  prove  that  the  ground  taken  by  the  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States  on  this  occasion  was  suggested  by 
that  Minister  (Mr.  George  Canning);  and  Sir  James  Mackin- 
tosh said :  "  I  have  already  observed  its  coincidence  with  the 
declarations  of  England,  which,  indeed,  is  perfect,  if  allowance 
be  made  for  the  deeper,  or  at  least  more  immediate  interest,  in 


RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES.  681 

the  independence  of  South  America,  which  near  neighbor- 
hood gives  to  the  United  States.  This  coincidence  of  the 
two  great  English  commonwealths  (for  so  I  delight  to  call 
them,  —  and  I  heartily  pray  that  they  may  be  forever  united 
in  the  cause  of  justice  and  liberty)  canno.t  be  contemplated 
without  the  utmost  pleasure  by  every  enlightened  citizen  of 
the  earth."  What  has  England  gained  by  a  departure  from 
this  policy,  and  by  acquiescing  in  the  reduction  of  Mexico  to 
the  condition  of  an  Austrian  colony  under  the  protection  of 
France?  How  much  better,  with  a  view  to  her  own  tradi- 
tionary policy,  if  she  could  have  perceived,  with  the  Emperor 
of  Russia,  that  the  perpetuity  of  the  American  Union  is  an 
element  essential  to  the  universal  political  equilibrium  ! 

How  much  better  for  her  own  interests,  if  France  could 
have  perceived  the  same  great  truth !  It  has  been  the  policy 
of  France,  almost  invariably  pursued,  from  the  very  dawn  of 
our  national  existence,  to  promote  the  growth  and  prosperity 
of  the  United  States,  as  a  counterpoise  in  the  West  of  the 
maritime  power  of  England.  This  was  alike  the  policy  of 
the  old  regime  and  the  new  regime.  For  this  Louis  XVI. 
gave  us  arms,  navies,  and  munitions  of  war ;  for  this  the  first 
Napoleon  gave  us  Louisiana  for  a  song ;  and  of  all  the  errors 
in  policy  which  his  successor  could  possibly  commit,  none 
can  be  imagined  more  at  variance  with  the  traditions  and 
interests  of  France  than  to  do  anything  which  will  weaken  the 
United  States.  Regarding  our  Union,  in  the  words  of  Prince 
Gortschakoff,  as  an  element  essential  in  the  universal  equilib- 
rium, it  would  be  just  as  wise  in  France  to  strip  the  plates 
from  her  iron-clads,  and  leave  their  hulks  to  rot  at  Brest  and 
Toulon,  as  to  assist  in  breaking  up  the  American  Union  into 
a  group  of  small  and  fragmentary  States,  exhausting  each 
other  in  eternal  border  wars,  and  compelled,  from  that  cause, 
to  abdicate  their  position  as  a  great  maritime  power.  So 
just  and  wise  was  the  remark  of  Prince  Gortschakoff,  that 
the  American  Union  is  an  element  essential  to  the  universal 
political  equilibrium. 

Before   I  conclude,   Mr.    Mayor,  let   me   make    a   remark 
which  had  almost  escaped  me.     When  our  respected  guests 


682  RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES. 

were  at  New  York  last  year,  receiving  the  attentions  of  the 
commercial  metropolis,  that  portion  of  the  English  press 
which  thinks  the  day  lost  when  it  has  not  found  some- 
thing to  abuse,  or  some  person  to  vilify  in  the  United 
States,  was  profoundly  grieved  at  the  honors  paid  to  Russian 
officers,  —  "  it  showed  such  a  want  of  sympathy  for  the  poor 
oppressed  Poles  on  the  part  of  the  pretended  friends  of  lib- 
erty ! "  Censorious  people,  Mr.  Mayor,  ought  to  have  good 
memories.  I  am  old  enough  to  remember  the  acclamations 
of  joy  which  burst  forth  in  England  when  the  armies  of 
the  First  Napoleon,  or  rather  wretched  fragments  of  his 
armies,  were  driven  from  Russia.  There  was  a  thrill  of  pop- 
ular excitement  which  has  never  since  been  equalled.  From 
every  roaring  cannon,  from  every  pealing  organ,  from  every 
human  tongue,  throughout  the  British  Empire,  arose  one 
jubilant  chorus  of  triumph.  Well,  sir,  Alison  tells  us  that 
for  that  terrible  campaign  Poland  furnished  Napoleon  85,000 
men.  A  fourth  part,  certainly  a  fifth  part,  of  that  army  over 
whose  calamitous  defeat  all  England  was  in  raptures  was 
composed  of  Poles.  They  fondly  hoped  that  the  Emperor 
of  the  French  was  going  to  restore  their  independence,  and 
the  bravest  of  their  sons  dyed  the  snows  of  Russia  with  their 
blood.  We  were  then  fifty-one  years  nearer  the  partition  of 
Poland  by  Russia,  Austria,  and  Prussia  than  we  are  now, 
and  the  memory  of  that  transaction  was  proportionally  fresh- 
er in  the  minds  of  men.  In  1813  it  did  not  lead  England 
to  reject  the  alliance  with  Russia;  and  if,  since  that  period, 
she  has  entered  into  the  most  intimate  relations,  political  or 
personal,  with  those  three  powers,  I  trust  we  may  be  forgiven, 
half  a  century  later,  for  following  their  example. 

Sir,  the  Emperor  Alexander  II.  is  not  only  wise  and  pru- 
dent, but  he  is  a  kind-hearted  and  benevolent  prince.  By  his 
autocratic  word  he  has  performed  the  most  magnificent  act 
of  practical  philanthropy  ever  achieved  by  man  or  govern- 
ment. That  he  and  his  brother  sovereigns,  the  Emperor  of 
Austria  and  the  King  of  Prussia,  will  attempt  to  undo  the 
work  of  Catherine  the  Second,  Frederick  the  Great,  and  Ma- 
ria Theresa,  by  restoring  the   ancient   Kingdom   of  Poland, 


RUSSIA    AND    THE    UNITED    STATES.  683 

nobody,  I  presume,  expects  or  desires.  If  they  did,  it  would 
simply  be  the  restoration  of  the  worst  government  in  Chris- 
tendom. That  he  will  do  all  in  his  power  to  improve  the 
condition,  promote  the  welfare,  and  elevate  the  character 
of  his  Polish  subjects,  may,  I  think,  safely  be  anticipated  of  a 
sovereign,  who,  by  the  word  of  his  mouth  and  from  the  im- 
pulses of  his  generous  heart,  has  spoken  twenty-two  millions 
of  serfs  into  freemen  and  citizens. 

I  respond,  therefore,  Mr.  Mayor,  to  your  toast,  with  cordial- 
ity and  emphasis.  I  recognize  in  the  Russian  Government  a 
long-tried,  steady,  and  consistent  friend ;  and  I  contemplate 
with  patriotic  pride  this  kindly  tie,  which,  from  the  Atlantic 
to  the  Pacific,  and  from  the  Alleghanies  to  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, from  the  Rocky  Mountains  to  Icy  Cape,  and  from  Icy 
Cape  to  Kamschatka,  from  Kamschatka  to  Altai,  from  Altai 
to  Ural,  from  Ural  to  Archangel  and  the  utmost  North,  trav- 
ersing the  entire  breadth  of  America,  of  Asia,  and  Europe 
(soon  to  be  circled  by  the  electric  wire),  already  unites  the 
two  great  governments  and  peoples  by  the  golden  chain 
of  friendship  and  peace.  Never,  never,  may  the  links  be 
parted ! 

Mr.  Everett  closed  with  the  following  sentiment:  — 

The  Navy  of  Russia,  and  a  cordial  welcome  to  its  gallant  and 
accomplished  officers. 


JOSIAH    QUINCY.* 


Mr.  Everett,  in  rising  to  second  the  resolutions  of  Dr. 
Ellis,  said :  — 

I  have  been  requested,  Mr.  President,  by  the  Standing 
Committee,  to  second  the  resolutions  offered  by  Dr.  Ellis, 
and  I  do  it  with  the  greatest  pleasure,  although  his  carefully 
prepared,  just,  and  eloquent  analysis  of  President  Quincy's 
character,  and  your  own  pertinent,  feeling,  and  most  impress- 
ive address  have  left  me  little  to  say.  An  opportunity  will, 
perhaps,  be  afforded  me  next  week  of  paying  a  tribute  to  his 
memory  in  another  place,  but  I  must  ask  your  indulgence  for 
a  few  moments  at  this  time,  to  give  utterance  to  the  feelings 
which  we  all  share,  and  which  have  been  so  eloquently  ex- 
pressed by  the  gentlemen  who  have  preceded  me. 

You  have,  Mr.  President,  justly  intimated  the  reasons  for 
which  President  Quincy's  decease  should  be  noticed  in  the 
most  respectful  manner  within  these  walls.  He  became  a 
member  of  our  Society  in  early  life,  and  was  considerably 
our  senior  associate.  He  took  a  lively  interest  in  the  Society, 
and  missed  no  opportunity  of  promoting  its  welfare,  —  at- 
tending its  meetings  occasionally,  down  to  the  last  months 
of  his  protracted  life.  Besides  this,  he  co-operated  with  the 
Society  in  its  appropriate  labors,  enriching  the  literature  of 
the  country  with  a  series  of  historical  works  of  high  and 
recognized  value,  —  two  of  them  prepared  at  the  instance  of 
the  Society.  Still  more,  sir,  it  may  be  truly  said,  that  he  not 
only  wrote  history,  but  made  it,  in  the  sphere  (and  that  a 
most  diversified  and  elevated  sphere)  in  which  he  moved, — 

*  Remarks  at  a  stated  meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society, 
14th  July,  1864. 


JOSIAH    QUINCY.  685 

exhibiting  through  life  those  marked  qualities  which,  by 
sympathy,  infuse  moral  strength  into  a  community,  and  ani- 
mate other  men  to  the  efforts  by  which  individuals  and 
nations  obtain  an  honorable  place  in  the  annals  of  mankind. 
I  have  said,  sir,  that  President  Quincy's  historical  works 
had  a  high  recognized  value,  and  most  certainly  if  his  vigor- 
ous intellect,  methodical  studies,  his  untiring  industry,  and 
his  great  facility  of  labor  had  borne  no  other  fruit,  the  series 
of  his  historical  publications  would  have  given  him  (though 
not  a  man  of  letters  by  profession)  a  most  respectable  place 
among  American  authors.  With  the  exception  of  Congres- 
sional speeches  and  occasional  essays  on  the  topics  of  the 
day,  his  first  work  of  considerable  compass  was  prompted  at 
once  by  filial  affection  and  patriotic  duty, —  I  mean  the 
memoir  of  his  honored  father, —  one  of  the  most  distin- 
guished of  those,  referred  to  by  you,  sir,  who  prepared  the 
minds  of  their  countrymen  for  the  Revolution.  He  had  the 
kindness  to  afford  me  an  opportunity  of  perusing  it  in  man- 
uscript. It  was  appropriately  published  in  1825,  at  the  close 
of  the  first  half-century.  It  contained  the  journals  and 
copies  of  some  of  the  letters  of  the  lamented  subject  of  the 
memoir,  especially  those  written  during  his  short  visit  to 
England  in  1774-75  (the  last  year  of  his  life),  and  I  can  truly 
say  that  there  is  no  volume  which,  to  the  present  day,  I  read 
with  equal  interest  for  the  events  of  that  memorable  year, 
as  contemplated  by  an  eyewitness  —  and  such  an  eyewit- 
ness!—  in  England.  He  had  the  inestimable  privilege  of 
hearing  the  two  speeches  made  by  Lord  Chatham,  on  the 
20th  of  January,  1775,  —  declared  by  his  son,  William  Pitt, 
"to  be  surely  the  two  finest  speeches  ever  made,  unless  by 
himself."  Of  these  speeches  Mr.  Quincy  made  a  full  report 
from  memory,  and  a  few  notes  he  was  able  to  take  at  the 
time.  It  is,  in  some  parts,  evidently  a  more  accurate  report 
than  that  published  by  Dodsley,  in  1779,  after  Lord  Chat- 
ham's death,  from  notes  by  Hugh  Boyd.  Portions  of  Mr. 
Quincy's  report  were  published  in  Gordon's  letters  on  the 
Revolution,  —  Mr.  Quincy's  papers  having  been  placed  in  his 
hands  while   composing  that  work.     The  last  entry  in  Mr. 


686  JOSIAH    QUINCY. 

Quincy's  journal  is:  "Had  great  satisfaction  in  reading  my 
report  of  the  debates  in  the  House  of  Lords  to  one  or  two 
friends  who  heard  them.  They  thought  them  exceedingly 
correct,  and  were  amazed  at  the  blunders,  omissions,  and 
misrepresentations  of  the  printed  accounts."  President 
Quincy's  memoir  of  his  father  also  contains  the  journal  of  a 
visit  made  by  him  to  Charleston,  S.  C,  in  1773,  and  which  is 
of  extreme  interest.  This  youthful  patriot,  as  you  have 
stated,  sir,  died  on  the  return  voyage  from  Europe,  and 
within  sight  of  the  granite  cliffs  of  New  England,  young  in 
years  alone,  mature  in  wisdom,  patriotism,  and  public  ser- 
vice. When  we  reflect  that  he  was  taken  from  the  country 
at  the  age  of  thirty-one,  we  cannot  suppress  the  thought 
that  a  gracious  compensation  was  designed  by  Providence 
in  prolonging  the  years  of  the  son  to  thrice  that  duration. 

The  History  of  the  University  is  next  in  order  of  time, 
as  it  is  the  most  voluminous  and  elaborate  of  President 
Quincy's  works.  It  was  suggested  by  the  duty,  which  de- 
volved upon  him,  on  the  memorable  occasion  of  the  second 
centennial  anniversary  of  the  institution.  It  was  obviously, 
on  the  part  of  the  President,  a  work  at  once  of  affection  and 
duty.  It  embodies  all  those  portions  of  the  records  of  the 
University  which  throw  light  on  its  general  history ;  on  its 
feeble  but  hopeful  beginnings ;  its  gradual  development  in 
the  succeeding  generations  and  in  the  last  century ;  its  rapid 
expansion  in  the  present  century.  It  exhibits  the  noble 
steadiness  with  which  Old  Harvard  has  maintained  itself 
through  the  storms  of  two  centuries,  and  its  reactive  influ- 
ence on  the  public  opinion  of  the  country.  Especial  pains 
were  taken  by  President  Quincy  to  do  justice  to  the  char- 
acters of  the  distinguished  benefactors  and  patrons  of  the 
College,  from  the  ever-memorable  Harvard  to  the  present 
day.  These,  and  other  pertinent  and  kindred  topics,  are 
treated  in  his  History  in  appropriate  detail,  according  to  their 
respective  interest  and  importance,  in  a  clear  and  vigorous, 
and,  when  the  topic  admitted,  eloquent  style  of  idiomatic 
English ;  the  whole  forming  a  repository  which,  next  to  the 
original  records  themselves,  will  constitute  the  standard  au- 


JOSIAH    QUINCY.  687 

thority  for  the  history  of  the  institution,  till  its  prosperous 
growth,  as  we  may  hope,  through  two  more  centuries,  shall 
require  other  volumes  and  other  dutiful  pens  to  record  its 
multiplied  benefactors,  its  extended  usefulness,  and  ever- 
growing honors. 

President  Quincy's  next  historical  work  of  considerable 
compass,  in  the  order  of  publication,  was  the  History  of  the 
Town  and  City  of  Boston.  Like  the  History  of  the  Uni- 
versity, this  work  grew  out  of  an  anniversary  discourse,  viz. 
that  which  he  delivered  at  the  second  centennial  anniver- 
sary of  the  city.  Suspended  during  his  presidency  at  Cam- 
bridge, its  preparation  was  resumed  immediately  upon  his 
resignation  of  that  high  trust.  This  History,  like  that  of  the 
College,  was  truly  a  labor  of  love.  The  family  of  President 
Quincy  had  been  identified  with  Boston  from  the  foundation. 
His  ancestor  came  over  with  John  Cotton  ;  and  the  position 
of  his  descendants  had  been  maintained  in  honor  and  influ- 
ence, through  all  the  succeeding  generations.  His  father  had 
taken  an  active  part  in  all  the  memorable  occurrences  which 
had  turned  the  eyes  of  the  civilized  world  on  Boston,  after 
the  passage  of  the  Stamp  Act.  The  President  himself,  born 
and  bred  in  Boston,  had  represented  her  in  the  State  Legis- 
lature and  in  Congress;  and  in  the  infancy  of  the  new  civic 
organization  he  had  served  her  at  the  head  of  its  municipality 
for  six  years.  Thus  was  he  eminently  a  Bostonian  of  the 
Bostonians.  The  chief  part  of  the  work  is  naturally  devoted 
to  an  account  of  the  writer's  administration,  and  of  the  series 
of  measures  relative  to  its  public  buildings,  its  markets,  the 
eleemosynary  establishments,  the  fire  department,  the  schools, 
and  other  municipal  interests  in  which  the  public  spirit,  the 
executive  ability  and  moral  courage  displayed  by  Mayor 
Quincy  cannot  fail  to  awaken  at  once  the  admiration  and 
gratitude  of  the  citizens  of  Boston. 

In  1845  appeared  the  revised  edition  of  Grahame's  History 
of  the  United  States.  It  was  published  under  the  superin- 
tendence of  a  committee  of  the  Historical  Society,  consisting 
of  President  Quincy  and  two  or  three  other  respected  mem- 
bers.    The  first  volume  of  this  work  contained  a  memoir  of 


JOSIAH    QUINCY. 

James  Grahame,  prepared  in  compliance  with  a  resolution 
of  the  Society  by  Mr.  Quincy,  and  embodying  all  that  is 
personally  known  of  a  writer  who  cherished  a  warm  and 
consistent  affection  for  this  country,  and  did  more  than  any 
other  foreigner  to  extend  the  knowledge  of  it  abroad. 

In  1647,  and  being  then  at  the  advanced  age  of  seventy-five, 
Mr.  Quincy,  at  the  request  of  the  late  Mr.  R.  G.  Shaw,  prepared 
for  publication  the  journals  of  their  kinsmen,  Major  Samuel 
Shaw,  with  a  memoir  of  his  life.  This  most  excellent  gen- 
tleman not  only  served  with  great  credit  through  the  whole 
Revolutionary  War,  receiving  at  its  close  an  emphatic  testi- 
monial from  Washington,  but  he  sailed  in  the  vessel  which 
opened  the  trade  to  China,  as  the  agent  of  an  association 
of  capitalists  formed  for  that  purpose,  and  was  appointed 
last  American  Consul  to  Canton,  under  the  old  Confedera- 
tion, and  afterwards  by  President  Washington.  President 
Quincy's  memoir  is  a  highly  interesting  contribution  to  the 
history  both  of  the  Revolution  and  of  American  commerce ; 
a  just  tribute  to  the  memory  of  a  man  of  sterling  merit,  and 
well  worthy  the  pen  of  the  distinguished  writer.  , 

The  year  1848  was  signalized  by  the  death  of  John  Quincy 
Adams,  at  the  post  of  duty  and  in  the  capital  of  the  United 
States.  He  was  the  distant  relative,  the  neighbor,  the  con- 
temporary, the  confidential  friend,  of  Mr.  Quincy,  and,  at  the 
request  of  our  Society,  the  duty  of  paying  the  last  tribute 
of  respect  to  the  memory  of  the  illustrious  departed  devolved 
on  him.  He  readily  accepted  the  trust,  and  instead  of  con- 
fining himself  within  the  limits  of  a  memoir  of  the  ordinary 
length,  he  drew  up  a  volume  of  more  than  four  hundred  pages, 
embracing  a  comprehensive  history  of  the  life  and  services 
of  Mr.  Adams.  The  work  did  not  make  its  appearance  till 
the  year  1858,  and  when  the  venerable  author  was  now  in 
his  eighty-seventh  year.  I  recollect  no  other  instance  in  this 
country  of  so  large  a  work  from  a  person  so  far  stricken  in 
years ;  but  I  perceive  in  it  no  abatement  of  intellectual  power. 
In  a  modest  prefatory  note,  it  is  stated  to  be  the  object  of 
the  writer  to  narrate  the  political  life  of  Mr.  Adams,  from  his 
published  works,  from  authentic  unpublished  materials,  and 


JOSIAH    QTJINCY.  689 

personal  acquaintance;  and  in  this  way  to  make  him  the 
expositor  of  his  own  motives,  principles,  and  character,  in  the 
spirit  neither  of  criticism  nor  eulogy.  This  difficult  and 
delicate  task  was  performed  by  the  venerable  author  with 
signal  success ;  and  with  this,  the  series  of  his  elaborate 
historical  efforts  closes.  I  need  not  say  that,  with  his  other 
occasional  literary  labors,  several  of  which  —  such  as  the 
History  of  the  Boston  Athenaeum,  which  I  ought  to  have 
included  in  the  series  —  were  of  a  nature  to  require  no  little 
time  and  research  in  their  preparation.  They  form  what 
would,  in  almost  any  case,  be  considered  the  life-work  of  an 
industrious  man.  But  till  his  retirement  from  the  Presidency 
of  Harvard,  at  the  age  of  seventy-three,  Mr.  Quincy's  literary 
labors  must  have  been  all  prepared  in  the  brief  intervals  of 
leisure  allowed  by  engrossing  official  duties  and  cares. 
While,  therefore,  they  would  have  given  him  an  enviable 
reputation,  had  he  been  exclusively  or  even  mainly  a  man 
of  letters,  it  must  be  remembered  that  in  his  case  the  writer 
was  overshadowed  by  the  active  relations  —  political,  ju- 
dicial, municipal,  and  academic  —  in  which  he  stood  to  his 
day  and  generation.  On  these  I  need  not  attempt  to  dwell; 
but  when  we  consider  that  Mr.  Quincy  was  for  years,  and 
with  a  brilliant  reputation  both  for  business  and  debate,  the 
representative  of  Boston,  both  in  the  State  Legislature  and 
in  Congress,  —  an  acknowledged  leader  of  the  political  party 
to  which  he  belonged;  that  as  a  judge,  his  term  of  office, 
though  short,  was  signalized  by  a  most  memorable  decision 
relative  to  the  law  of  libel ;  that  as  Mayor  of  Boston  for  six 
years,  —  an  office  assumed  under  all  the  difficulties  of  the 
transition  state  to  which  Dr.  Ellis  has  alluded,  —  his  adminis- 
tration was  distinguished  for  the  most  important  improve- 
ments and  reforms;  and  lastly  that,  with  great  acceptance  and 
public  favor,  he  presided  over  the  oldest  literary  institution 
in  the  country,  bringing  to  the  arduous  and  responsible  sta- 
tion a  variety  of  qualifications,  administrative  and  literary, 
intellectual  and  moral,  rarely  if  ever  combined  in  one  man, 
and  most  certainly  never  surpassed  ;  and  that,  having  in  an 
advanced  but  vigorous  age  became  emeritus  in  this  long  and 
vol.  iv  44 


690  JOSIAH    QUINCY. 

honorable  career,  instead  of  indulging  in  the  repose  conceded 
to  the  decline  of  life,  he  continued  for  twenty  years,  by  word 
and  deed,  to  perform  all  the  duties  of  an  active  patriot,  vigi- 
lant for  the  public  weal,  jealous  for  the  public  honor,  and  full 
of  courage  and  confidence  in  the  darkest  hours  of  the  present 
tremendous  struggle,  adding  finally  to  all  his  other  titles  of 
respect  and  honor  the  authority  which  length  of  years  at- 
tended with  virtue  and  wisdom  can  alone  confer,  —  we  must 
all  feel,  we  do  all  feel,  as  we  gather  round  the  grave  of  Presi- 
dent Quincy,  that  we  have  lost  our  first  citizen. 


THE    ADMINISTRATION    OF    PRESIDENT 
QUINCY* 


Mr.  President  and  Fellow-Students:  — 

The  event  to  which  you  have  so  feelingly  alluded,  and 
which,  notwithstanding  its  consolations,  casts  a  shade  over 
our  academic  festivities,  —  the  event  which  has  removed  him, 
who  filled  for  so  many  years  the  place  of  our  senior  alumnus, 
—  a  place  which  has  now  devolved  on  the  venerable  Mr. 
Thatcher  of  the  class  of  1793,  whose  interesting  letter  was 
read  to  us  last  year,  —  the  event,  which  leaves  me  the  senior 
ex-President  of  the  university,  makes  it  my  duty,  for  that 
reason,  to  attempt  a  response  to  your  call.  I  perform  the 
duty  with  melancholy  satisfaction ;  although  after  what  was 
so  well  said  by  Hon.  Mr.  Winthrop  and  Rev.  Dr.  Ellis  at  the 
Historical  Society,  after  the  beautiful  tribute  contained  in 
the  resolutions  of  the  Faculty,  after  the  extremely  appropriate 
effort  of  Mr.  Bixby  of  the  graduating  class,  and  your  own 
elegant  and  classical  Latin  eulogy  in  the  pulpit,  I  feel  that 
but  little  remains  for  me.  Let  me  only  for  a  few  moments, 
and  in  the  simplest  language,  attempt  to  give  utterance  to 
the  sentiment  which  predominates  in  all  our  hearts.  We 
have  at  length,  in  his  venerable  and  venerated  old  age,  been 
called,  by  a  wise  Providence,  to  a  final  separation  from  one 
whose  attendance  has  for  so  long  a  time  seemed  one  of  the 
necessary  conditions  of  this  annual  gathering ;  who  permitted 
neither  the  natural  burden  of  years,  nor  the  casual  infirmity 
which  aggravated  it,  to  deprive  us  of  his  presence;  at  whose 
appearance  crowded  assemblies  rose  in  deferential  homage 
as  one  man,  on  whose  words  they  hung  with  emotion  and 

*  Remarks  in  Harvard  Hall  on  Commencement  day,  20th  July,  1864. 


692     THE   ADMINISTEATION   OF  PKESIDENT   QUINCY. 

delight.  We  have  at  length  lost  him,  who  stands  second  to 
no  other  name  in  the  long  list  of  those  who  have  served  our 
Alma  Mater  with  fidelity  and  zeal,  with  the  pen  and  with  the 
tongue,  by  wise  counsel  and  energetic  action,  with  the  firm 
discipline  which  loves  though  it  chastens;  with  the  parental 
tenderness  which  sorrows  where  it  cannot  save,  and  the  cor- 
dial sympathy  which  rejoiced,  with  a  father's  joy,  in  every 
germ  of  youthful  promise  which  it  is  able  to  commit  to  the 
hopes  and  the  service  of  the  country. 

President  Quincy,  it  may  not  be  known  to  my  younger 
hearers,  came  to  the  head  of  the  University  under  some  dis- 
advantages, which  do  but  reflect  added  credit  upon  his  admin- 
istration. He  had  already  passed  the  meridian  of  life  and 
reached  an  age  when  few  men,  I  imagine,  of  his  antecedent 
pursuits  and  entire  strangers  to  the  academic  career,  would 
have  ventured  te  assume  its  grave  responsibilities.  He  came 
to  take  the  place  of  one  who,  at  an  age  not  greater  than  his 
own,  had  been  stricken  down  by  disease,  but  who  had  left  a 
place  in  the  public  estimation,  and  in  the  hearts  of  all  who 
had  been  educated  under  him,  which  was  not  easily  to  be 
filled.  At  the  same  time  the  institution  was  in  one  respect 
in  a  condition  that  required  the  unwelcome  agency  of  the 
reformer.  Entering  upon  the  office  under  these  circum- 
stances, the  strength  of  will,  moral  courage,  and  administra- 
tive talent  of  President  Quincy  on  the  one  hand,  on  the  other 
hand  his  dignified  urbanity  of  manner,  his  unsuspected  and 
even-handed  justice,  which  in  the  long  run  commands  the  re- 
spect even  of  its  victims,  his  liberality  to  the  meritorious  in 
straitened  circumstances,  and  the  genuine  kindness  of  heart, 
which  tempered  all  his  sterner  qualities,  won  for  him  the  con- 
fidence of  his  associates,  and  the  respect  and  affection  of  the 
ingenuous  pupil.  It  is  true,  I  cannot  speak,  on  this  subject, 
from  direct  experience,  either  as  a  student  under  him,  or  as 
his  colleague  in  the  Academic  Faculty.  But  those  who  stood 
in  both  relations  to  him  have,  in  the  resolutions  of  the  Faculty 
adopted  since  his  decease,  borne  the  strongest  and  most  cor- 
dial testimony  to  the  traits  of  character  which  alike  com- 
manded their  confidence  and  won  their  attachment.     I  was 


THE   ADMINISTRATION   OF    PRESIDENT    QUINCY.     693 

myself,  during  the  whole  term  of  his  Presidency,  a  member  of 
the  Board  of  Overseers,  and  as  a  member  of  the  Visiting 
Committee  I  attended  the  twelve  exhibitions  which  took  place 
while  I  was  governor.  He  did  me  the  honor  to  confer  with 
me  on  several  occasions  of  interest  and  importance,  and  few 
persons  not  members  of  the  Academic  Faculty  are  better 
able  to  do  justice  to  the  conscientious  fidelity,  ability,  and 
singleness  of  purpose  with  which  President  Quincy  dis- 
charged the  multifarious  duties  of  the  office. 

I  need  not,  fellow-students,  tell  you  how  much  the  institution 
grew  and  prospered  under  his  administration.  Its  progress,  in 
most  respects,  eminently  rapid  under  President  Kirkland,  had 
been  somewhat  checked  toward  the  close  of  his  administra- 
tion by  the  embarrassment  of  the  finances  (a  normal  condi- 
tion one  might  almost  infer,  Mr.  President,  from  your  re- 
marks), caused  by  a  too  liberal  expenditure  for  meritorious 
objects  and  the  cessation  of  the  State  grant.  Under  Presi- 
dent Quincy,  and  with  the  co-operation  of  his  able  associates 
in  the  corporation,  —  Dr.  Bowditch,  Judge  Story,  Chief  Jus- 
tice Shaw,  Mr.  Francis  Gray,  the  relative  of  our  large-hearted 
benefactor,  Mr.  William  Gray,  and  the  skilful  financiers  to 
whom  the  academic  treasury  was  successively  confided,  —  this 
evil  was  remedied,  and  from  the  commencement  of  President 
Quincy's  administration  the  University  entered  upon  a  career 
of  extraordinary  prosperity.  The  professorial  chairs  were 
multiplied,  and  filled,  without  exception,  by  men  of  eminent 
ability;  the  professional  schools  rose  greatly  in  importance; 
new  college  edifices  were  built ;  liberal  endowments  made ; 
and  the  last  great  and  most  desirable  result  —  the  ripe  fruit 
of  this  good  seed  and  generous  culture  —  was  witnessed  in  a 
great  elevation  of  the  standard  of  scholarship,  in  every  de- 
partment of  literature  and  science.  Of  course  all  this  is  not 
to  be  ascribed  to  the  direct  personal  agency  of  Mr.  Quincy. 
To  say  this,  would  be  an  act  of  injustice  toward  worthy  pred- 
ecessors who  in  time  past  had  not  only  laid  solid  founda- 
tions of  improvement,  but  built  upon  them,  especially  the 
honored  and  beloved  Kirkland ;  toward  a  liberal-minded  com- 
munity and  bountiful  patrons,  who  responded  in    generous 


694     THE   ADMINISTRATION    OF   PRESIDENT   QUINCY. 

sympathy  to  the  calls  of  the  institution ;  toward  learned  and 
accomplished  associates  in  the  Faculty,  by  whose  co-opera- 
tion in  their  appropriate  spheres  these  improvements  were  in 
due  proportion  effected.  But  no  one  needs  to  be  told  that  to 
the  head  of  such  an  institution  as  Harvard,  in  the  degree  in 
which  he  inspires  the  confidence  and  commands  the  active 
sympathy  of  his  associates  and  the  community,  is  justly  due 
a  full  share  of  the  main  result  effected  under  his  control 
and  guidance.  It  is  one  of  the  great  merits  of  President 
Quincy's  administration  that  he  drew  around  him  a  corps  of 
teachers,  in  the  professional  schools  and  in  all  the  depart- 
ments of  the  College  proper,  which  would  have  done  honor 
to  any  university  in  Christendom.  A  glance  at  the  list, 
either  of  the  living  or  the  deceased,  will  amply  bear  out  this 
remark. 

But  it  was  not  alone  in  the  general   management  of  the 
institution,  as  he  received  it  from  his  predecessor,  that  the 
activity  and  skill  of  President  Quincy  were  displayed.     Three 
very    capital    branches    or    establishments    in    the    university 
were,  the  one  of  them  founded,  and  the  two  others  greatly 
augmented  and  enriched,  during  his  term  of  office.     The  Law 
School,  in  the  first  period  of  its  existence,  for  want  of  an  ade- 
quate endowment  and  an   appropriate  building,  did  not  rise 
to  an  importance  commensurate  with  the  distinguished  ability 
and  high  reputation  of  the  gentlemen  who  presided  in  it,  — 
Chief  Justice  Parker  and  Professor  Stearns.     Scarcely,  how- 
ever, had  Mr.  Quincy  entered  upon  the  Presidency,  when  pro- 
vision  was  made  by  the  venerable  Nathan  Dane   for  a  new 
professorship,  to  which   Mr.  Justice  Story  was  promptly  elect- 
ed.    Mr.  Ashmun,  at  the  same  time,  was  appointed  to  the 
Rovall  Professorship.     The  erection  of  Dane  Hall,  to  which 
Mr.  Dane  had  liberally  contributed,  soon  commenced  ;  a  noble 
Law  Library  was  rapidly  collected  ;  and,  on  the  decease  of 
Mr.    Ashmun,   Professor    Greenleaf  succeeded   to    his    place. 
By  these  measures,  all  adopted  under  the    advisement    and 
active    superintendence    of    the    President,    this    department 
of  the  University  was   immediately  raised  to  the    position 
which  it  has  ever  since  maintained,  at  the  head  of  the  law 


THE   ADMINISTRATION   OF   PRESIDENT    QUINCY.     695 

schools  of  the  country.  Mr.  Quincy's  own  professional  stud- 
ies, and  his  long  participation  in  political  and  public  life,  led 
him  to  take  a  deep  interest  in  its  prosperity,  as  a  school  at 
once  of  jurisprudence  and  statesmanship,  and  to  watch  over 
it  with  an  ever- vigilant  and  fostering  care,  which  a  President 
of  different  training  and  antecedents  could  not  have  been  ex- 
pected to  bestow. 

The  erection  of  Gore  Hall,  for  the  accommodation  of  the 
library,  is  another  of  the  measures  for  which  the  University 
is  indebted  to  President  Quincy.  Mr.  Gore's  most  liberal 
bequest  was  made  in  President  Kirkland's  time,  and  was 
prompted,  as  I  happen  to  know,  in  a  great  degree  by  the 
friendship  which  existed  between  him  and  the  testator.  It 
was  made,  however,  to  the  general  fund  of  the  College,  and 
without  specific  appropriation.  President  Quincy,  like  his 
enlightened  and  beloved  predecessor,  had  always  felt  deeply 
the  vital  importance  of  a  great  library  to  a  first-class  univer- 
sity. More  than  forty  years  ago  I  attended  a  meeting,  called 
at  his  house  in  Boston,  to  attempt  some  concerted  action  on 
the  subject.  It  was  one  that  he  never  lost  sight  of,  and  he 
embraced  the  first  opportunity  of  employing  a  considerable 
portion  of  Mr.  Gore's  bequest  in  the  erection  of  the  spacious 
building  which  bears  his  name.  This  gave  a  powerful  im- 
pulse to  the  efforts  for  the  augmentation  of  the  library 
of  Harvard,  which  the  liberal  donations  of  her  grateful  chil- 
dren in  later  years  have  so  nobly  enriched,  the  most  impor- 
tant of  which,  that  of  Mr.  Gray,  you  have  just  commem- 
orated. 

But  the  Observatory  is  the  department  which,  more  than 
any  other,  may  be  said  to  date  from  President  Quincy's 
administration.  Some  steps  toward  such  an  establishment 
had  been  taken  as  far  back  as  1805,  when  the  Hon.  John 
Lowell,  father  of  my  friend  Mr.  Lowell,  of  the  present  cor- 
poration, and  now  at  the  table,  conferred  on  the  subject  with 
Delambre,  at  Paris.  President  Kirkland,  in  1815,  and  again 
in  1823,  revived  the  project.  John  Quincy  Adams  gave  it  the 
advantage  of  his  eloquent  word  and  liberal  deed,  but  it  failed 
to  obtain  a  local  habitation  at  Harvard  till  President  Quincy's 


696    THE   ADMINISTRATION   OF   PRESIDENT   QUINCY. 

administration.  In  1838  he  effected  the  removal  of  the  late 
lamented  Mr.  Bond  to  Cambridge,  and  his  establishment  in  a 
temporary  Observatory  within  the  College  grounds.  His  mod- 
est labors  found  hearty  co-operation  on  the  part  of  the  Aca- 
demic Faculty  and  the  students.  The  President  watched  them 
with  a  sympathy  inspired  alike  by  interest  in  the  science,  and 
life-long  friendship  for  the  consummate  observer.  But  the 
premises  were  limited,  the  resources  small ;  the  instruments 
few,  and  not  of  the  highest  character ;  the  operations  valuable, 
principally  synchronous  magnetic  observations,  on  the  plan 
of  Professor  Gauss,  but  not  of  a  nature  to  attract  public 
notice,  and  on  a  great  scale.  At  length,  the  comet  of  1843 
blazed  across  the  sky  ;  it  did  not  "  from  its  horrid  hair  shake 
pestilence  and  war,"  nor  "  perplex  "  the  merchant  princes  of 
State  Street  (always  open-handed  friends  of  Harvard)  with 
"  fear  of  change  "  ;  but  it  did  bring  home  to  the  public  mind 
the  want  at  our  oldest  University  of  ampler  means  of  ob- 
serving, interpreting,  and  recording  the  celestial  phenomena. 
President  Quincy  threw  himself  with  characteristic  energy 
and  ardor  into  the  work  ;  he  went  up  and  down  State  Street 
to  procure  the  requisite  means ;  the  Observatory  building  was 
erected  ;  a  fund  for  the  purchase  of  superior  instruments,  and 
especially  for  our  magnificent  equatorial,  was  raised  ;  and 
young  Mr.  Phillips's  splendid  endowment  of  $  100,000  secured 
under  the  special  influence  of  Mr.  Quincy,  his  relative.  His 
active  interest  was  not  withdrawn  on  his  retirement  from  the 
Presidency.  To  the  close  of  his  life  he  was  a  member  of  the 
Visiting  Committee ;  and,  more  than  fulfilling  the  intention  of 
his  noble  father,  he  turned  his  contingent  bequest,  of  which 
the  condition  had  failed,  into  a  generous  donation  of  $  10,000, 
for  a  publishing  fund. 

Fellow-students,  Dane  Hall,  Gore  Hall,  and  the  Observa- 
tory are  standing,  but  the  venerable  head  of  the  University, 
under  whom  they  came  into  existence,  is  no  more.  If  there 
be  at  first  a  shade  of  sadness  in  the  thought  that  these  ma- 
terial structures,  and  the  institutions  to  which  they  are  dedi- 
cated, abide,  while  not  only  the  craftsmen  by  whom  they  were 
reared,   but  the  bountiful  who  endowed,  the   learned   who 


THE   ADMINISTRATION   OF   PRESIDENT    QUINCY.     697 

taught,  the  wise,  the  energetic,  the  faithful  who  governed,  have 
passed  away,  let  a  second  and  higher  thought  remind  us  that 
it  is  only  through  and  by  the  prudent  counsel,  the  faithful  la- 
bors, and  the  fervent  zeal  of  the  wise  and  good,  that  building 
and  institution  possess  their  stability.  They  are  the  life-work 
of  their  founders  on  earth,  who  have  gone  up  to  a  higher 
sphere  of  action.  A  saddening  thought  did  I  call  it,  sir,  that 
the  work,  material  or  intellectual,  should  seem  to  outlive 
the  workman  ?  Far  otherwise;  I  read  in  this  apparent  para- 
dox the  assurance  of  our  immortal  nature.  I  will  never  be- 
lieve that  these  walls  of  brick  and  stone,  and  these  secular 
trees  that  we  have  planted  to  shade  them,  that  these  scien- 
tific treasures  that  we  have  gathered  into  our  cabinets,  these 
mute  symbols  of  thought  on  the  shelves  of  our  libraries,  — 
works  of  human  hands  and  human  wit,  —  I  will  never  believe 
that  these  shall  endure  for  ages,  and  that  nothing  is  left  us  of 
the  Kirklands,  the  Feltons,  and  the  Quincys,  of  the  gen- 
erous patrons,  the  learned  teachers,  the  faithful  heads,  but 
the  poor  dust  over  which  we  shed  our  tears  and  build  our 
monuments. 

No,  no ;  these  walls,  the  most  substantial  of  them,  will 
crumble  ;  the  arts  and  sciences  we  now  fondly  teach,  save  in 
the  eternal  truths  which  lie  at  their  foundation,  will  yield  to 
new  discoveries,  and  larger  inductions,  and  keener  analysis, 
and  grander  generalizations.  The  languages  we  speak,  like 
those  of  Greece  and  Rome,  will  die  away  from  the  lips  of 
men;  but  those  whom  we  justly  revered  and  honored  and 
loved  on  earth,  —  the  brave,  the  wise,  the  good,  —  whose  liv- 
ing spirit  and  gracious  sway  gave  all  their  vitality  to  these 
dead  elements  and  conventional  forms,  shall  not  only  enjoy 
an  earthly  immortality  in  the  gratitude  of  after  ages,  but  are 
even  now,  as  we  humbly  trust,  looking  down  benignantly  on 
the  scene  of  their  labors. 


THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPORTING  THE  GOVERN- 
MENT* 


Fellow-Citizens  :  — 

I  have  never  addressed  you  under  a  deeper  sense  of  re- 
sponsibility than  at  the  present  time.  The  country  is  rent 
by  civil  war:  but  the  political  contest  in  which  we  are  en- 
gaged at  home  is  fraught  with  greater  danger ;  or  rather,  in 
my  judgment,  it  depends  very  much  upon  the  result  of  this 
political  contest  whether  the  civil  war  shall  be  brought  to  a 
successful  and  honorable  close,  or  whether  all  the  treasure 
which  has  been  expended,  and  all  the  precious  blood  which 
has  been  shed,  shall  have  been  worse  than  wasted.  In  a 
letter,  which  I  had  occasion  to  address  to  a  convention  in 
Illinois  a  twelvemonth  and  more  ago,  I  remarked  that  the 
elections,  then  about  to  be  held,  would  throw  light  on  the 
question,  how  far  it  is  possible  for  a  free  government,  consti- 
tuted in  its  legislative  and  executive  branches  by  popular 
choice,  expressed  in  frequently  recurring  elections,  to  prose- 
cute, for  any  considerable  length  of  time,  a  war  which  entails 
heavy  burdens  on  the  community.  If  such  a  government 
is  habitually  torn  by  parties  which  paralyze  the  administra- 
tive powers  of  the  State,  and  in  time  of  war  embarrass  its 
movements,  and  thus  encourage  the  enemy,  one  of  two  results 
will  follow,  —  it  will  eventually  sink  in  the  struggle  with  the 
nearest  compact  despotism ;  or  the  people,  tired  and  wasted 
by  faction,  will  resign  themselves  to  a  despotic  central  gov- 
ernment. The  result  of  the  impending  election  will  go  far 
to  decide  the  question  whether,  in  consequence  of  our  party 
dissensions,  it  is  necessary  for  twenty-two  millions  of  freemen 
to  succumb  in  a  struggle  with  less  than  half  that  amount 
*  Address  delivered  in  Faneuil  Hall,  19th  October,  1864. 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     699 

of  a  mixed  free  and  slave  population,  waging  an  unprovoked 
and  treasonable  war ;  whether  it  is  possible  for  any  adminis- 
tration to  bear  up  under  the  mountain  load  of  a  gigantic 
contest,  while  every  person  belonging  to  it,  and  every  prom- 
inent individual  actively  supporting  it,  throughout  the  length 
and  breadth  of  the  land,  is  the  object  of  the  fiercest  detrac- 
tion, and  the  common  enemy  is  daily  encouraged  by  the 
assurances  of  a  hundred  vigorous  presses,  and  a  thousand 
eloquent  platforms,  that  they  have  to  do  with  a  feeble,  incom- 
petent, corrupt  antagonist.  The  political  contest  now  waging 
at  the  North  is,  in  my  opinion,  a  greater  evil  than  the  loss  of 
many  pitched  battles.  Were  we  moving  with  one  heart  and 
one  mind,  it  would  be  worth  fleets  and  armies  to  the  cause. 
If  we  are  defeated  in  this  mighty  struggle,  my  friends,  we 
shall  have  been  defeated  by  ourselves.  General  Grant  ob- 
serves, in  a  letter  of  the  16th  of  August,  that  "all  we  want 
now,  to  insure  an  early  restoration  of  the  Union,  is  a  deter- 
mined unity  of  sentiment  at  the  North." 

The  unanimity  displayed  by  the  loyal  States,  when  the 
treason,  meditated  for  a  generation,  was  consummated  at 
Sumter,  seemed  to  promise  such  a  "unity  of  sentiment"  while 
the  war  should  last.  It  was,  however,  perhaps  asking  too 
much  of  poor  human  nature  to  expect  that  the  party  arrived 
at  power  should,  on  achieving  its  first  national  success,  re- 
nounce the  fruits  of  victory ;  or  that  the  defeated  party, 
claiming,  almost  from  time  immemorial,  a  monopoly  of  office, 
should  forego  the  chance  of  recovering  its  ascendency, 
afforded  by  the  burdens  and  the  miscarriages  of  the  war,  and 
if  you  please,  by  the  errors  of  the  administration  in  conduct- 
ing it.  Eighteen  months  ago,  I  thought,  I  hoped,  that  this 
Presidential  election  might  possibly  be  tided  over  without 
a  party  struggle,  and  I  did  all  in  my  power  to  promote  that 
end.  But  conflicting  opinions,  interests,  and  passions  have 
prevailed.  The  contest  exists  ;  the  parties  are  arrayed  against 
each  other ;  and  the  question  presents  itself  to  all  good  cit- 
izens, especially  to  those  who  are  unpledged  by  their  political 
antecedents  with  which  party  they  shall  act.  The  two  par- 
ties are  the  Republican,  which  has  nominated  Mr.  Lincoln 


700     THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

for  re-election ;  and  the  Democratic  party,  which,  disorgan- 
ized at  the  last  election,  has  to  some  extent  reorganized  itself 
upon  the  Chicago  platform,  and  nominated  General  McClel- 
lan.  At  the  Presidential  election  of  1860  there  was  a  third 
party,  and  I  hope  I  may  be  allowed  to  call  it  a  patriotic  party, 
which  aimed  to  occupy  a  position  of  mediating  influence 
between  the  extremes,  and  thus  avert  the  shock  which  there 
was  too  much  reason  to  fear  might  result  from  the  triumph 
of  either.  Some  members  of  this  third  party,  for  whom  I 
cherish  a  warm  personal  regard,  have  joined  the  Democracy 
in  the  present  canvass.  Others,  of  whom  I  am  one,  have  not 
been  able  to  see  the  line  of  duty  in  that  direction,  and,  for 
reasons  which  I  shall  now  proceed  to  state  fairly  and  plainly, 
with  as  little  allusion  as  may  be  to  the  candidates  in  nomina- 
tion, with  each  of  whom  my  relations  are  those  of  sincere 
esteem  and  respectful  friendship. 

A  personal  friend,  from  whom  I  have  the  misfortune  to 
differ  politically,  said  to  me  the  other  day,  there  ought  to  be 
a  change  of  administration,  because  this  administration  had 
shown  that  it  was  alike  unable  to  carry  on  the  war  or  make 
peace.  Let  us  see  if  this  is  so.  The  war  of  course  is  the 
great,  the  dominant  interest,  and  all  public  questions  must 
be  solved  with  reference  to  it.  The  loyal  people  of  the 
Union,  with  great  approach  to  unanimity,  regard  it  as  a  most 
causeless  and  wicked  war,  forced  upon  the  country  in  resist- 
ance to  a  gigantic  treason,  and  in  defence  of  the  greatest 
political  blessing  ever  vouchsafed  to  mankind,  —  a  free,  pros- 
perous, and  powerful  nationality.  All  political  measures  and 
combinations  must  be  referred  to  this  test,  how  they  will 
affect  the  most  vigorous  prosecution  of  the  war,  with  a  view 
to  the  earliest  possible  restoration  of  an  honorable  and  last- 
ing peace.  The  first  thing  to  be  done,  therefore,  in  deciding 
our  duty  in  the  present  canvass,  is  to  inquire  whether  the  war 
has  thus  far  been  conducted  in  such  a  manner,  and  with  such 
results,  as  to  require  a  change  of  administration.  I  find, 
then,  that,  though  sprung  like  a  mine  upon  the  government 
in  the  bombardment  of  Fort  Sumter,  it  has,  making  due 
allowance  for  the  vicissitudes  of  all  human  things,  and  espe- 


THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING  THE   GOVERNMENT.     701 

cially  of  war,  been  conducted  for  three  years  and  a  half,  by 
land  and  by  sea,  with  wonderful  vigor  and  success.  The 
border  States,  including  Maryland,  Western  Virginia,  Ken- 
tucky, Missouri,  Tennessee,  Arkansas,  and  Louisiana,  have 
been  either  successfully  rescued,  defended,  or  recovered  from 
the  rebels.  The  entire  sea-coast,  3,550  miles  in  extent,  has 
been  and  is  held  in  strict  blockade ;  and  all  but  one  of  nearly 
two  hundred  ports,  inlets,  and  mouths  of  rivers  effectually 
closed.  The  most  important  inland  position  in  the  lower 
South,  after  a  campaign  of  astonishing  brilliancy,  has  been 
occupied,  and  "  the  gate  of  the  Southwest "  shut.  The  great 
artery  of  life  and  power,  from  the  interior  of  the  continent  to 
the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  again  beats  with  loyal  pulsations,  thanks 
to  those  marvellous  operations  at  Forts  Jackson  and  St.  Phil- 
ip, at  Vicksburg  and  New  Orleans.  Those  strong  fortresses 
at  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi,  the  three  powerful  forts  at 
the  entrance  of  Mobile  Bay,  Fort  Pickens  on  Santa  Rosa, 
Pensacola,  the  Tortugas,  Key  West,  Pulaski,  Port  Royal, 
Sumter,  the  fortresses  on  the  coast  of  North  Carolina  with 
one  exception,  Norfolk,  and  Fortress  Monroe,  are  all  in  our 
possession  or  in  ruins.  With  the  fall  of  Richmond  and  the 
more  effectual  closure  of  Cape  Fear  River,  the  military  pow- 
er of  the  Rebellion  will  be  crushed.  Partisan  forces  and  bands 
of  guerillas  will  appear  in  different  places,  in  the  great  ex- 
tent of  territory  recovered  to  the  Union,  as  long  as  its  inhab- 
itants will  allow  that  lawless  species  of  warfare  to  be  kept  up  ; 
but  all  semblance  of  an  organized  military  power,  acting  un- 
der political  authority,  will  have  passed  away.  To  produce 
these  results,  vast  armies  have  been  raised  ;  a  materiel  of  war 
of  unexampled  magnitude  has  been  created  ;  protracted  march- 
es into  the  enemy's  country  have  been  skilfully  and  success- 
fully made;  the  terrors  of  vertical  suns  and  malarious  swamps 
fearlessly  braved  by  troops  from  the  North  and  West ;  sieges 
of  strongholds  deemed  impregnable  pushed  to  a  successful 
result ;  powerful  fleets  extemporized,  upon  the  sea-board  and 
the  great  rivers,  of  novel  construction,  armature,  and  arma- 
ment ;  two  of  the  three  pirates  fitted  out  in  a  neutral  country 
to  prey  upon  our  merchant  ships  and  whalemen  safe,  —  the 


702     THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

one  at  New  Bedford,  and  the  other  at  the  bottom  of  the  Brit- 
ish Channel ;  and  deeds  of  heroism  and  skill  achieved  which 
will  form  an  era  in  naval  warfare,  and  live  on  the  page  of 
history  to  the  end  of  time.  Dupont,  Worden,  Porter,  Rogers, 
Winslow,  Farragut,  —  what  country,  what  naval  service,  can 
boast  of  brighter  names  ?  At  this  moment  the  number  of 
our  seamen  afloat  exceeds  that  of  England  by  one  fourth; 
and  we  have,  built  or  in  progress  of  construction,  a  fleet  of 
iron-clads  which,  for  all  the  purposes  of  defensive  warfare, 
may  bid  defiance  to  any  navy  in  Europe. 

Results  like  these  bear  ample  testimony  to  the  manner  in 
which  the  two  great  arms  of  the  service  —  the  army  and 
navy  —  have  been  administered.  With  respect  to  the  treas- 
ury, a  great  debt  has  necessarily  been  accumulated  ;  but  thus 
far  it  is  mostly  due  to  ourselves,  and  the  interest  will  be  paid 
at  home.  The  credit  of  the  Government  is  good ;  loans  are 
readily  taken  by  the  people  and  by  capitalists  abroad  ;  the 
country  not  only  submits  to  taxation,  but  calls  for  it ;  and  if 
any  complaint  has  been  made  of  the  manner  in  which  the 
treasury  has  been  administered,  it  is  that  taxation  was  not 
earlier  resorted  to, — the  fault,  not  of  the  department,  but  of 
Congress,  which,  however,  probably  accomplished  the  difficult 
task  of  arranging  the  tariff  of  duties  as  promptly  as  could  be 
expected.  Let  me  advise  any  one  who  takes  a  desponding 
view  of  the  finances  of  the  country  to  study  the  admirable 
pamphlet  of  Mr.  David  A.  Wells,  of  Troy,  ■  entitled  "  Our 
Burden  and  Our  Strength." 

Lastly,  under  circumstances  of  peculiar  difficulty  and  em- 
barrassment, the  foreign  relations  of  the  country  have  been 
conducted  at  Washington,  London,  and  Paris  with  such  abil- 
ity, moderation,  firmness,  and  good  sense,  that  a  friendly  un- 
derstanding with  the  great  powers  has  been  preserved,  and 
hostile  intervention  averted,  despite  the  arts  of  the  rebel  emis- 
saries, the  sinister  influence  of  party  struggles  in  foreign  coun- 
tries, the  greed  of  blockade-runners  and  speculators  in  cotton 
loans,  and  the  cupidity  of  wretches  willing  to  plunge  two 
kindred  nations  into  a  murderous  war  for  the  sake  of  the 
paltry  gains  of  their  ship-yards. 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     703 

That  in  carrying  on  these  vast  operations,  diplomatic, 
fiscal,  military,  and  naval,  on  either  element,  at  home  and 
abroad,  in  which  of  necessity  so  many  subordinates  are  em- 
ployed, and  responsibility  so  much  divided,  nothing  has  been 
left  undone  that  ought  to  have  been  done,  and  nothing  done 
that  ought  not  to  have  been  done,  would  be  too  much  to  ex- 
pect of  men  or  governments.  Errors  in  both  kinds,  we  are 
bound  to  believe,  have  been  committed.  Journals,  that  daily 
comment  with  unsparing  severity  on  every  member  of  the 
administration,  tell  us  that  the  liberty  of  the  press  is  gone. 
Orators,  who  denounce  every  measure  of  the  administration 
with  the  utmost  vehemence,  assure  us  that  the  liberty  of 
speech  has  departed.  Intercourse  with  the  enemy,  scarcely 
disguised,  is  kept  up  from  Baltimore  ;  the  public  mails  to 
Europe  (witness  the  shameful  disclosures  made  by  Mr.  Lind- 
say in  the  British  Parliament)  are  laden  with  treasonable  cor- 
respondence ;  hundreds  of  persons  walk  the  streets  of  New 
York,  well  known  to  the  Government  to  be  plotting  the  ruin 
of  the  country,  and  meet  at  their  hotels  in  the  evening,  and 
agree  that  the  privilege  of  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus  is  tram- 
pled under  foot ;  the  drafts  necessary  to  recruit  our  armies  are 
resisted  with  all  the  dread  accompaniments  of  mob  violence, 
—  pillage,  murder,  and  fire  ;  and  when  a  few  persons  sus- 
pected, often  guilty,  of  overt  acts  of  treason  are  arrested,  and 
sent  to  a  fortress,  the  country  rings  with  a  clamor  against 
dungeons  and  bastiles.  These  accusations  refute  themselves. 
They  are  the  dangerous  arts  with  which  party  seeks  to  make 
"  political  capital  "  out  of  the  exigencies,  the  dangers,  and  the 
sufferings  of  the  country. 

No  administration  is  safe  from  this  domestic  warfare, 
which,  even  in  time  of  peace,  makes  it  all  but  impossible  to 
administer  the  Government  with  energy  and  success.  Even 
in  the  war  of  the  Revolution,  the  civil  and  military  adminis- 
tration of  General  Washington  was  assailed  by  the  generals 
and  members  of  Congress  associated  in  Conway's  cabal,  in 
terms  not  unlike  those  in  which  Mr.  Lincoln's  administration 
is  now  denounced.  As  President  of  the  United  States,  Gen- 
eral Washington   was  spoken  of,  as  he  himself  pathetically 


704    THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

said,  in  language  fit  to  be  applied  to  "  a  pickpocket  or  com- 
mon defaulter."  The  administration  of  his  patriotic  succes- 
sor broke  down  under  the  same  party  warfare.  But  the  debt 
was  repaid  with  interest,  by  the  opposition  to  Messrs.  Jeffer- 
son and  Madison.  Though  led  by  honest  and  patriotic  men, 
so  undiscriminating  and  occasionally  so  unjust  and  prejudi- 
cial to  the  public  interest  was  it,  that,  on  the  return  of  peace 
in  1815,  the  party  disappeared  from  the  arena  of  politics, 
never  to  return.  Scarcely  had  the  President,  John  Quincy 
Adams,  been  inaugurated,  when  it  was  declared,  by  a  person 
afterwards  a  Democratic  Vice-President  of  the  United  States, 
that  his  "  administration  "  (composed  or  supported  as  it  was 
by  Clay,  Webster,  Sergeant,  Rush,  Southard,  Barbour,  Wirt, 
John  Davis,  and  their  patriotic  associates)  "  should  be  pulled 
down,  though  as  pure  as  the  angels  of  heaven."  For  my 
own  part,  when  I  consider  how  much  has  been  done,  and,  in 
the  main,  how  well,  what  difficulties  have  been  surmounted, 
what  dangers  averted,  what  successes  achieved  in  three  and  a 
half  years  of  the  war,  which  found  us  worse  than  unprepared, 
and  for  which  the  enemy  had  long  been  making  open  and 
secret  preparation,  compared  with  what  was  effected  in  the 
first  years  of  the  wars  of  the  French  Revolution,  waged  as 
they  were  on  the  part  of  the  allies  by  long-established  mili- 
tary governments,  with  veteran  armies,  powerful  navies,  and 
all  the  experience  and  traditions  of  former  contests,  I  own  I 
deem  the  contrast  greatly  in  our  favor.  When  I  go  further, 
and  meditate  on  the  history  of  the  civil  wars  in  Greece  and 
in  Rome,  in  the  Italian  republics,  in  France,  in  England,  and 
the  Spanish  American  States,  and  then  consider  that  there  has 
not  a  drop  of  blood  been  shed  except  on  the  battle-field,  nay, 
not  a  dollar  confiscated  in  the  tremendous  contest,  except  by 
legal  process,  or  in  the  case  of  persons  in  arms  against  the 
country,  I  own  I  am  shocked  at  hearing  the  Government  daily 
denounced  as  tyrannical,  despotic,  and  corrupt. 

In  this  state  of  things,  the  question  which  I  have  to  ask 
myself,  as  a  person  owing  allegiance  to  neither  of  the  con- 
tending parties,  but  owing  to  my  country  a  duty  which  tran- 
scends   all  personal  regards    and    considerations    of    private 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE    GOVERNMENT.     705 

friendship,  is,  whether,  at  this  critical  juncture,  when,  though 
as  we  all  hope  the  agony  of  the  struggle  is  passed,  it  may 
yet  be  necessary  to  make  vigorous  preparation  for  the  possi- 
bility of  another  campaign,  is  it  wise  or  safe,  by  a  political 
revolution,  to  paralyze  an  administration  by  which  the  war 
thus  far  has  been  conducted  in  the  manner  I  have  described, 

—  to  encourage  the  enemy  to  hold  out  with  the  prospect  of 
the  cessation  of  hostilities,  and  greatly  to  augment,  in  this 
way,  the  danger  of  another  campaign,  to  be  entered  upon 
under  much  increased  disadvantage,  and  thus  incur  the  risk 
of  a  settlement  which  will  render  vain  this  mighty  expense  of 
treasure  and  blood  ?  To  this  question  I  can  return  but  one 
answer,  —  an  emphatic  negative. 

By  the  peculiarity  of  our  Constitution,  the  result  of  the 
election  will  be  known  early  in  November,  while  the  change 
of  administration  (if  one  should  take  place)  will  be  delayed 
till  March.  For  four  months  the  government  of  the  country, 
as  far  as  measures  which  divide  public  opinion  are  concerned, 
will  be  in  abeyance,  nominally  in  the  hands  of  persons  de- 
feated in  an  appeal  to  the  people,  —  the  source  of  all  power, 

—  while  those  who,  after  a  warmly  contested  election,  are  to 
succeed  them  (an  election  in  which  all  the  real  and  all  the 
imaginary  points  of  difference  between  the  parties  have  been 
stated  in  the  strongest  terms,  and  everything  has  been  said 
which  human  wit  can  conceive  or  human  speech  utter,  to 
convince  Mr.  Davis  and  his  associates  that  one  party  is  in- 
competent to  conduct  the  war,  and  the  other  disposed  to  give 
up  the  attempt)  must  remain  for  four  months  wholly  without 
the  power  of  giving  a  new  direction  to  affairs.  In  other 
words,  a  general  paralysis  must  ensue.  The  outgoing  admin- 
istration must  be  powerless  under  the  stigma  of  public  opin- 
ion, while  the  incoming  administration  will  have  no  means  of 
entering  on  the  measures  which  it  deems  necessary  for  the 
salvation  of  the  country. 

Now,  all  wars  require  at  least  a  season's  forecast,  especially 
at  the  close  of  the  autumn.  The  very  doubt  whether  we  are 
to  have  a  new  campaign  will  so  encourage  the  enemy  as  to 
make  a  new  campaign  necessary,  for  which  they  will  have 

vol.  iv.  45 


706     THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

made  all  possible  preparations,  while  we  have  made  none. 
It  will  be  impossible  for  the  outgoing  administration  to  recruit 
the  army  after  the  accession  to  power  of  a  party  who  de- 
nounce the  draft  as  unconstitutional,  and  who  leave  it  even 
doubtful  whether  another  campaign  will  be  undertaken. 
"  If  the  trumpet  give  an  uncertain  sound,  who  shall  prepare 
himself  for  battle  ? "  doubtful  whether  he  hears  the  clarion 
rallying  to  the  charge,  the  bugle  hurrying  the  retreat,  or  the 
echo  of  the  mournful  blast  which  saluted  Major  Anderson's 
tattered  flag  as  it  went  down  at  Sumter.  If  this  administra- 
tion is  overturned,  between  150,000  and  200,000  colored 
troops,  inured  or  physically  adapted  to  a  warm  climate,  and 
now  rendering  most  important  service  in  the  trenches  and 
in  the  forts,  as  well  as  in  the  front  of  the  battle,  must  be 
disbanded ;  and  this  serious  deduction  made  from  our  ar- 
mies, without  any  preparation  beforehand  to  fill  the  gap  by 
200,000  extra  white  soldiers.  At  this  moment  25,000  ham- 
mers (I  speak  without  exaggeration)  are  at  work  in  our  navy- 
yards,  and  every  forge  and  furnace  in  the  country  is  at  white- 
heat  on  our  iron-clads  and  gunboats,  and  the  ordnance  which 
is  to  arm  them.  In  the  uncertainty  of  peace  or  war,  can  an 
administration  which  has  been  repudiated  by  the  people,  and 
partly  on  the  very  ground  of  profuse  and  injudicious  expen- 
diture on  the  navy,  continue  this  enormous  expense,  with  no 
assurance  whether  it  will  be  needed  ?  It  must  be  remem- 
bered, too,  that,  in  addition  to  the  uncertainty  necessarily 
arising  from  a  change  of  administration,  every  art  will  be 
employed  by  our  astute  foe  to  induce  us,  by  fallacious  utter- 
ances in  their  journals,  to  abandon  all  preparations  to  con- 
tinue the  war.  This  game  is  already  actively  played  with  a 
view  to  influence  the  pending  election. 

Under  these  circumstances,  I  own  that  it  seems  to  me  little 
short  of  fatuity  to  endeavor  to  throw  the  administrative  pow- 
ers of  the  Government  into  abeyance.  How  often  have  we 
not,  on  a  change  of  ministry  in  England,  even  in  time  of 
peace,  seen  a  delay  of  a  week  or  two,  in  forming  a  new  gov- 
ernment, deprecated  as  dangerous  to  the  country !  Would 
it  not  have  been  thought  a  proof  of  returning  insanity   on 


THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING  THE   GOVERNMENT.     707 

the  part  of  George  III.,  in  the  crisis  of  the  great  straggle 
with  Napoleon,  and  while  the  Tower  guns  were  roaring  for 
Nelson's  victory  at  Trafalgar,  as  ours  have  been  for  the  vic- 
tories of  Farragut  and  Sherman  at  Mobile  and  Atlanta,  if  he 
had  formed  and  announced  a  new  government  in  Novem- 
ber, not  to  take  effect  till  March  following;  leaving  the  in- 
cumbents of  office  for  four  months  under  the  virtual  im- 
peachment of  dismissal,  while  their  designated  successors 
were  unable  to  act  in  their  place  ?  I  dare  not  give  my  vote 
to  throw  every  branch  of  the  public  service  into  this  peril- 
ous condition.  It  cannot  fail  to  have  effects  the  most  humil- 
iating and  disastrous. 

But  if  a  change  of  administration  is  to  take  place,  we  must 
ask  ourselves  who  are  to  succeed  them.  When  we  look 
to  the  antecedents  of  the  Democratic  party,  who,  it  is  claimed, 
are  alone  capable  either  of  carrying  on  the  war  or  restor- 
ing peace,  the  political  friends  with  whom  it  has  ever  been  my 
pride  to  act  will  surely  find  no  reason  why  we  should  aid  in 
restoring  them  to  power.  We  have  ever  claimed  to  be  faith- 
ful disciples  in  the  school  of  the  illustrious  statesman  of  New 
England,  whose  life  was  one  long  warfare  with  the  modern 
Democracy,  and  who  in  turn  was  the  object  of  its  persistent, 
unrelenting,  and,  I  am  sorry  to  be  obliged  to  add,  personal 
hostility.  I  say  this  from  no  unkind  feeling ;  but  when  I 
hear  the  lofty  eulogies  on  his  character,  and  witness  the  eager- 
ness with  which  any  phrase  thought  to  favor  their  cause  is 
caught  up  from  Mr.  Webster's  writings  by  our  Democratic 
friends,  with  whom  I  am  told,  as  "  Webster  Whigs,"  we  ought 
to  co-operate,  I  cannot  forget  that  there  never  was  a  moment 
when  he  could  have  been  chosen  to  an  office  by  a  Democratic 
constituency,  or  appointed  to  an  office  by  a  Democratic  exec- 
utive. In  the  very  scene  which  the  artist  has  delineated  on 
the  canvas  before  you,  in  that  very  Titanic  debate  in  which  he 
smote  the  argument  of  the  great  nullifier  as  with  the  club  of 
Hercules,  not  one  Democratic  voice  responded  to  his  ;  no,  not 
from  that  New  England  whose  good  name  he  defended 
against  the  bitterest  calumnies,  in  a  strain  of  eloquence 
which  will  live  till  our  language  shall  cease  from  the  lips  of 
men. 


708  THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPORTING  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

Such  being  the  case,  there  is  surely  nothing  which  should 
predispose  "  the  friends  of  Mr.  Webster,"  merely  as  such,  to 
obey  the  call  to  co-operate  in  restoring  that  party  to  power. 
Nor  am  I  aware  of  anything  in  the  recent  political  history  of 
the  country  which  should  incline  them  beforehand  to  do  so. 
It  has  been  my  good  fortune  to  have  some  most  valued  friends 
in  that  party  ;  men  whom,  notwithstanding  political   differ- 
ences, I  have  respected  and  loved  :  I  have  such  still.     There 
is,  however,  a  great  difference  between  the  Democracy  of  the 
present  day  and  that  of  the  ancient  school.     The  patriotic  in- 
stincts of  the  latter  habitually  got  the  better  of  their  anti- 
national  theories.     Mr.  Jefferson   had  the  moral  courage,  as 
President  of  the  United  States,  to  cast  to  the  winds,  in  the 
acquisition  of  Louisiana,  the  great  principle  of  constitutional 
politics  with  which  he  had  succeeded,  three  years  before,  in 
overturning  the  administration  of  his  predecessor.     Nor  less 
do  I  honor  Mr.  Madison  for    his    indignant   protest  against 
the  glosses  which  the  nullifiers  put  upon  the  Resolutions  of 
1798.     As    for    General   Jackson,    though    there  were    some 
measures  of  his  administration  which  I  greatly  disapproved, 
I  have  said  twenty  times,  since  the  war  began,  that  I  only 
wished  we  had  the  hero  of  New  Orleans  back  again.     What 
a  scene  it  would  have  been  to  witness  the  flash  of  his  eye, 
and  to  hear  the  thunder  of  his  voice,  when  he  heard  of  the 
attack    on    Sumter!     When  the  nullification  frenzy  was  at 
its  height  in   South   Carolina,  the   Union  men  in  Charleston 
sent  a  deputation  to  Washington  to  inform  the  President  that 
they  were  daily  threatened  with  an  outbreak,  and  did   not 
consider  their  lives  safe.     Scarcely  waiting  to  hear  the  words 
uttered,  the  General  sprang  to  his  feet,  and,  with  a  voice  and  a 
look  of  almost  superhuman  energy,  exclaimed:  "  The  lives  of 
Union  men  not  safe  while  Andrew  Jackson  is  President!    Go 
back  to  Charleston,  and  tell  the  nullifiers  that  if  a  hair  on  the 
head  of  a  Union  man  is  harmed,  that  moment  I  order  Gen- 
eral Coffee  to  march  on  Carolina  with  50,000  Tennessee  vol- 
unteers ;  and  if  that  does  not  settle  the  business,  tell  them"  (he 
added  with  an  attestation  I  shall  not  repeat)  "  that  I  will  take 
the  field  myself  with  50,000  more." 


THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.    709 

To  such  Democracy  as  this  we  should  all  be  willing  to  con- 
fide the  destinies  of  the  country.  But  the  principles  of  the 
Democratic  party,  as  understood  by  many  of  great  influence 
among  its  leaders  at  the  present  day,  are  not  such,  in  my 
judgment,  as  should  warrant  us  in  doing  so  in  a  crisis  like 
this  :  the  very  reverse.  Unduly  leaning  toward  what  Wash- 
ington called  "  the  monster  of  State  sovereignty,"  and  still 
avowing  its  sympathy  with  some  of  the  most  dangerous  doc- 
trines of  the  Secession  school,  there  is  too  much  reason  to 
think  that  one  wing  of  the  party  at  the  present  day,  while 
nominally  professing  an  attachment  to  the  Union,  understands 
nothing  but  a  dual  confederacy,  with  a  Customs  Union  on 
the  plan  of  the  German  Zollverein,  and  an  impossible  alliance 
offensive  and  defensive  abroad,  —  a  chimerical  project  of  Mr. 
Calhoun,  with  all  the  defects  and  none  of  the  advantages  of 
the  old  Confederation. 

If  we  look  to  those  features  of  the  modern  Democratic  pol- 
icy more  or  less  connected  with  the  present  state  of  affairs, 
we  shall  surely  find  no  reason  for  intrusting  that  party  with 
the  Government  at  a  moment  like  this.  The  Virginia  and 
Kentucky  Resolutions  of  '98  and  '99,  notwithstanding  the 
protest  of  Mr.  Madison,  were  the  arsenal  from  which  the  most 
dangerous  weapons  of  nullification  and  secession  have  been 
and  are  drawn.  One  of  their  leading  principles  was  embod- 
ied in  the  resolutions  of  the  Democratic  Convention  in  Massa- 
chusetts last  year.  The  first  open  and  successful  revolt 
against  the  authority  of  the  Federal  Government,  —  the  ex- 
pulsion of  the  Indians  from  Georgia,  —  attended  as  it  was 
with  the  violation  of  the  faith  of  seventeen  treaties,  and  fol- 
lowed by  a  most  iniquitous  partition  of  their  lands  by  a  land 
lottery,  was  a  Democratic  measure.  So  was  the  Semiuole 
war,  in  which  the  United  States  expended  100,000,000  dollars 
to  create  a  new  slave  State,  and  enable  Georgia  to  recover  a 
few  hundred  fugitive  slaves.  Notwithstanding  our  just  com- 
plaints against  the  Mexican  Government,  the  great  political 
advantages  of  the  acquisition  of  the  Mexican  provinces,  and 
the  blessings  which  might  have  redounded  to  the  cause  of 
universal  humanity  by  the  extension  of  the  Anglo-Saxon  civ- 


710  THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPORTING  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

ilization  into  those  vast  half-desert  and  ill-governed  regions, 
the  manner  in  which  the  Texan  annexation  was  effected  and 
the  Mexican  war  commenced,  caused  those  measures  to  be 
opposed  by  every  Whig  member  of  Congress.  Mr.  Webster, 
particularly,  was  unsparing  in  his  denunciations,  and  this  at 
the  time  of  their  inception,  and  before  Texas  had  repaid  the 
two  hundred  millions  she  had  cost  the  United  States  by  the 
blackest  ingratitude  and  treachery. 

But  the  most  disastrous  measures  of  the  modern  Democ- 
racy, connected  also  directly  with  the  present  state  of  the 
country,  were  the  repeal  of  the  Missouri  restriction  (which  for 
thirty-four  years  had  been  accepted,  both  by  the  South  and 
the  North,  as  a  satisfactory  adjustment  of  the  territorial  con- 
troversy), and  the  acts  both  of  fraud  and  violence  employed 
to  force  slavery  upon  the  people  of  Kansas.  Talleyrand  was 
accustomed  to  say  that  the  invasion  of  Spain  was  worse  than 
a  crime :  it  was  a  fault.  The  Kansas  policy  of  the  two  last 
administrations  was  both,  —  wrong  in  principle,  and  ruinous 
in  effect.  The  fountains  of  the  great  deep,  partially  stilled  by 
the  legislation  of  1850,  were  again  broken  up  by  a  tempest  of 
sectional  agitation.  I  need  not  dwell  on  the  immediate  and 
powerful  agency  of  these  measures  in  causing  the  present 
state  of  things,  nor  comment  on  the  strange  inconsequence  of 
again  bringing  the  Democratic  party  into  power,  prostrated  as 
it  was  by  the  odium  of  these  very  measures,  under  the  idea 
that  they  alone  can  rescue  the  country  from  the  distressful 
condition  into  which  they  had  so  directly  contributed  to 
plunge  it. 

But  it  is  said  that  a  change  of  administration  is  necessary 
because  Mr.  Lincoln  cannot  bring  the  war  to  an  honorable 
close.  He  insists  upon  a  condition, — the  abandonment  of 
slavery,  —  to  which  it  is  said  that  the  people  of  the  South  will 
never  agree,  and  which  interposes  an  insuperable  obstacle  to 
pacification.  But  I  find  no  foundation  in  fact  for  this  asser- 
tion. Some  of  the  last  utterances,  even  of  Mr.  Jefferson 
Davis,  authorize  a  very  different  conclusion.  "  We  are  not," 
says  he,  "  fighting  for  slavery.  It  never  was  an  essential  ele- 
ment in  the  controversy.    You  have  already  emancipated  near- 


THE   DUTY   OF    SUPPORTING   THE    GOVERNMENT.     711 

ly  two  million  of  our  slaves ;  and,  if  you  will  take  care  of  them, 
you  may  emancipate  the  rest.  I  had  a  few  when  the  war  be- 
gan. I  was  of  some  use  to  them  :  they  were  of  none  to  me." 
This  language  of  the  head  of  the  Confederate  Government,  ut- 
tered in  the  presence  of  his  Secretary  of  State,  who  confirmed 
it  by  the  figures,  showing  the  accuracy  of  Mr.  Davis's  calcula- 
tion, certainly  negatives  the  idea,  that  to  insist  on  the  abandon- 
ment of  slavery  is  to  throw  an  insuperable  obstacle  in  the  way 
of  peace.  On  the  other  hand,  the  really  insuperable  obstacle, 
according  to  Mr.  Davis,  is  insisted  upon  by  General  McClellan 
as  resolutely  as  by  Mr.  Lincoln.  The  General,  in  his  letter  of 
acceptance,  very  properly  says:  "  The  re-establishment  of  the 
Union,  in  all  its  integrity,  is,  and  must  continue  to  be,  the  con- 
dition of  any  settlement The  Union  must  be  preserved 

at  all  hazards  "  ;  and  this  idea  is  repeated  in  the  same  letter 
in  several  forms.  Now  it  is  well  known  that  the  Confederate 
Government  has  on  all  occasions  avowed  its  unutterable  deter- 
mination to  insist  on  separation  and  independence.  Mr.  Davis, 
on  the  occasion  just  referred  to,  said  :  "  The  war  must  go  on 
till  the  last  man  in  this  generation  falls  in  his  tracks,  and  his 
children  seize  his  musket  and  fight  our  battles,  unless  you  ac- 
knowledge our  right  of  self-government.  We  are  not  fighting 
for  slavery :  we  are  fighting  for  independence  ;  and  that  or  ex- 
termination we  will  have."  If  any  reliance  is  to  be  placed 
on  Mr.  Davis's  opinions,  it  is  the  "  Union  at  all  hazards,"  not 
the  "  abandonment  of  slavery,"  that  is  the  insuperable  bar  to 
negotiation.  It  is  said  that  Mr.  Lincoln's  policy  threatens 
the  subjugation  of  the  South, —  a  measure  not  possible,  and, 
if  possible,  barbarous  and  unchristian.  I  am  not  aware  that 
Mr.  Lincoln  has  ever  made  such  a  threat;  or,  if  he  has  used 
language  that  sounds  like  it,  I  presume  that  it  was  intended 
to  go  no  further  than  the  prostration  of  the  political  and  mili- 
tary power  of  the  rebels.  Between  that  and  the  acknowledg- 
ment of  their  independence,  there  is,  of  course,  no  middle 
term.  He  certainly  has  not  used  language  stronger  than 
General  McClellan,  who,  in  a  memorandum  addressed  to  the 
President  on  the  4th  of  August,  1861,  stated  very  justly,  that 
"  the  object  of  the  present  war  differs  from  those  in  which  na- 


712     THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPOETING   THE    GOVERNMENT. 

tions  are  usually  engaged,  namely,  in  this,  that  the  purpose 
of  an  ordinary  war  is  to  conquer  a  peace,  and  make  a  treaty 
on  advantageous  terms.  In  this  contest  it  has  become  neces- 
sary to  crush  a  population  sufficiently  numerous,  intelligent,  and 
warlike  to  constitute  a  nation.  We  have  not  only  to  defeat 
their  armed  and  organized  forces  in  the  field,  but  to  display 
such  an  overwhelming  strength  as  will  convince  our  antago 
nists,  and  especially  those  of  the  governing  class,  of  the  utter 

impossibility  of  resistance The  contest  began  with  a 

class:  now  it   is  with    the    people.     Our    military  successes 
alone  can  restore  the  former  issue." 

This  change  of  issue  from  a  class,  to  a  people  who  are  to 
be  "crushed,"  is  ascribed  by  General  McClellan  to  the  reverse 
at  Bull  Run.  It  was  therefore,  of  course,  not  produced  by  the 
Emancipation  Proclamation,  which  did  not  appear  for  more 
than  a  twelvemonth  afterwards.  This  disposes  of  the  objec- 
tion to  Mr.  Lincoln's  policy,  so  often  urged  and  so  much 
insisted  upon,  that  by  changing  the  issue  he  had  united  the 
South. 

This  alleged  inconsistency  of  the  policy  now  pursued,  with 
that  in  which  the  war  commenced,  is  one  of  the  gravest 
charges  against  the  administration.  It  is,  however,  an  incon- 
sistency of  a  kind  which  probably  never  fails  to  occur  in  pro- 
tracted wars,  and  when  such  tremendous  forces,  political, 
military,  and  moral,  are  called  into  action.  There  are  signal 
examples  in  our  own  history  well  worthy  our  meditation  at 
the  present  time.  'In  October,  1774,  the  Continental  Congress 
adopted  a  petition  "to  the  king's  most  excellent  majesty." 
Richard  Henry  Lee,  John  Adams,  and  Patrick  Henry  were 
of  the  committee  who  drafted  it.  It  commenced,  "  Most  gra- 
cious sovereign " ;  and,  after  setting  forth  and  commenting 
upon  the  grievances  of  the  Colonies,  it  declared :  "  These  senti- 
ments are  extorted  from  hearts  that  would  much  more  will- 
ingly bleed  in  your  Majesty's  service";  and  it  closed  in  the 
following  strain:  "That  your  Majesty  may  enjoy  every  fe- 
licity through  a  long  and  glorious  reign  over  loyal  and  happy 
subjects,  and  that  your  descendants  may  inherit  your  prosper- 
ity and  dominions  till  time  shall  be  no  more,  is,  and  always 


THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     713 

will  be,  our  sincere  and  fervent  prayer."     About  a  year  and  a 
half  pass  away,  and,  in  pursuance  of  a  resolution  moved  by 
the  same  Richard  Henry  Lee,  and  on  the  report  of  a  com- 
mittee of  which  John  Adams  was  a  member,  Congress,  after 
reciting,  in  the  most  indignant  language,  substantially  the  same 
grievances  which  were  set  forth  in  the  petition  to  the  king, 
and  asserting  "  that  a  prince,  whose  character  is  thus  marked 
by  every  act  that  can  define  a  tyrant,  is  unfit  to  be  the  ruler  of 
a  free  people,"  renounced  their  allegiance  to  the  British  Crown, 
and  declared  the  independence  of  the  United  States.    In  1755, 
a  young  Virginian  volunteer   solicited,  through  the    British 
governor,  a  commission  in  the  Royal  army,  in  the  war  waged 
for  the  purpose  of  driving  the   French  from  the   American 
continent.     As  late  as  1774,  the  same  individual,  with  undi- 
minished feelings  of  loyalty,  writing  to  an  officer  in  General 
Gage's  army  in  Boston,  who  had  been  his  comrade  in  the  old 
French  war,  said:  "  I  think  I  can  announce  as  a  fact,  that  it 
is  not  the  wish  nor  the  interest  of  Massachusetts  or  any  other 
government  on  this  continent  to  set  up  for  independence." 
On  the  15th  of  the  following  June,  this  same  volunteer  Vir- 
ginia colonel,  George  Washington,  accepted  the  appointment 
of  "  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  armies,  raised  or  to  be  raised 
for  the  defence  of  the  liberties  of  America  " ;  and  on  this  very 
day,  this  blessed  19th  of  October,  1781,  the  united  French  and 
American  armies,  by  the  capitulation  of  Yorktown,  put  the  seal 
to  the  independence  of  the   United   States.      No  doubt  the 
Congress  of  1776,  and  especially  such  leaders  as  Washington, 
Adams,  and  Lee,  were  accused  of  inconsistency,  not  merely 
by  the  Tory  journals  at  New  York,  but  by  the  tardier  mem- 
bers (for  many  such  there  were)  of  their  own  body.     By  the 
English  historians  even  of  the  present  day,  Dr.  Franklin  is 
charged  with  duplicity  for  having  assured  Lord  Chatham  in 
January,  1775,  that  the   Colonies  did  not  aspire  to  indepen- 
dence.    A  like  inconsistency  undoubtedly  exists  between  the 
policy  of  the  Administration,  when  it  came  into  office,  and 
which  was  expressed  in   the   Resolution  of  July,  1861,  and 
that  which  has  been   forced  upon  the  country   by  eighteen 
months'  experience  of  a  desolating  war.     The  real  inconsis- 


714  THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPORTING  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

tency  in  governments  and  men,  especially  in  new  countries,  is 
that  which  seals  its  ears  to  the  solemn  teachings  of  Providence ; 
which  allows  the  march  of  events  to  work  no  change  in  our 
opinions  or  policy ;  and,  if  I  may  compare  great  things  with 
small,  thinks  to  extinguish  a  conflagration  which  is  wrapping 
a  city  in  flames  with  the  same  bucket  of  water  that  would 
have  quenched  it  when  first  kindled  in  a  basket  of  shavings. 

But  let  us  see  to  what  this  inconsistency  amounts,  —  this 
alleged  change  of  plan,  on  the  part  of  the  administration,  in 
conducting  the  war,  which,  it  is  maintained,  now  makes  an 
honorable  pacification  impossible.     What  are  the  facts  ? 

Slavery  had  been  the  subject  of  an  imbittered  sectional  agi- 
tation between  North  and  South  for  more  than  a  generation. 
The  acquisition  of  the  Mexican  territories,  and  the  resulting 
questions  relative  to  their  incorporation  into  the  Union,  great- 
ly increased  its  violence.  Allayed  for  two  or  three  years  by 
the  legislation  of  1850,  it  was  rekindled  by  the  transactions 
in  Kansas ;  till,  on  the  election  of  President  Lincoln  exclusive- 
ly by  the  votes  of  the  non-slaveholding  States,  South  Carolina 
passed  the  ill-starred  ordinance  of  Secession.  She  alleged,  as 
the  sole  reason  for  the  fatal  step,  the  non-execution  of  the 
fugitive-slave  law  by  the  Northern  States.  That  gloomy 
winter  of  1860  -  61  was  passed  in  vain  attempts  to  avert  the 
catastrophe  by  measures  of  conciliation  with  respect  to 
slavery.  This  was  the  exclusive  subject  of  consideration  and 
debate  in  the  national  legislature  and  the  Peace  Congress, 
the  engrossing  topic  of  the  journals,  the  political  meetings, 
and  the  social  circle,  throughout  the  country.  When  the 
attack  was  made  on  Sumter,  there  was  not  a  man  of  reflec- 
tion in  the  United  States,  North  or  South,  who  denied  or 
doubted  that,  either  as  motive,  pretext,  or  rallying  cry, 
slavery  was  the  cause  of  the  war. 

And  now,  fellow-citizens,  mark  an  attempted  fraud  on 
public  opinion,  of  signal  audacity.  The  success  of  the  Rebel- 
lion was  mainly  dependent  on  its  prompt  recognition  by 
foreign  powers  and  their  hostile  intervention.  To  bring 
about  this  result,  to  deprive  the  Government  of  the  United 
States  of  the  sympathy  of  the  civilized  world,  and  to  author- 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     715 

ize  the  nations,  on  the  plea  of  humanity,  to  interfere  on  the 
part  of  the  victims  of  an  oppressive  and  tyrannical  government, 
recourse  was  had  to  a  systematic  deception,  of  which  the 
boldness  was  equalled  only  by  the  meanness.  In  face  of 
the  notorious  facts  just  stated,  the  capitals  of  Europe  swarmed 
with  emissaries,  some  of  them  clothed  with  official  pretensions, 
who  declared,  in  all  the  circles  to  which  they  found  admission, 
that  slavery  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  struggle ;  that  it  was 
a  revolution  against  an  oppressive  government  (which  they 
had  always  controlled  themselves) ;  that  the  Constitution  of 
the  United  States  protected  slavery,  and  was  more  tolerant 
of  the  African  slave-trade  than  that  of  the  Confederacy  ;  and 
that,  if  the  great  powers  would  recognize  and  befriend  the 
Confederate  States,  they  would  gradually  ameliorate,  and 
finally  abolish,  slavery;  and  this,  too,  although  these  or  other 
agents  were  secretly  instructed  by  no  means  to  commit  their 
government  against  the  African  slave-trade,  and  although  Mr. 
Vice-President  Stephens  had  declared  that  his  new  republic 
was  to  be  founded  on  the  corner-stone  of  slavery  ! 

I  was  advised  at  the  time,  and  from  the  best  informed 
source,  of  the  activity  with  which  these  intrigues  were  pushed. 
The  crafty  insinuations  to  which  I  have  alluded  took  effect. 
A  considerable  portion  of  the  foreign  press,  extensively 
subsidized,  as  we  learn  from  the  intercepted  correspond, 
ence  of  Mr.  Benjamin,  gave  them  currency  ;  persons  in  the 
highest  official  position  credited  them.  Nay,  more,  —  per- 
ceiving that  the  Government  of  the  United  States  (not  yet 
availing  itself  of  the  rights  which  the  law  of  nations  accords 
to  belligerents,  and  willing  still  that  the  rebellious  States 
should  return  to  their  allegiance,  without  paying  the  penalty 
of  their  madness  and  folly)  had  not  only  made  no  demonstra- 
tion against  slavery,  but  disclaimed  the  wish  to  do  so,  —  even 
the  antislavery  sentiment  of  Europe  was  so  strangely  misled 
as  to  withhold  its  sympathy  from  the  North  in  a  contest 
which,  as  I  have  just  said,  in  every  stage,  from  its  inception, 
and  throughout  its  progress,  had  been  exclusively  caused  by 
slavery  either  as  motive  or  pretext. 

A  course  so  suicidal,  and  so  fraught  with  peril  on  the  part 


716     THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

of  the  United  States,  was  viewed  with  astonishment  by  our 
friends  in  Europe.  In  the  month  of  February,  1862,  I  re- 
ceived a  letter  from  a  person  of  very  high  position  and  in- 
fluence on  the  Continent,  in  which  he  wrote :  ;'  What  we  can- 
not well  comprehend,  is  the  hesitation  of  your  Government 
on  the  subject  of  slavery.  It  is  with  this  question,  as  with  the 
other  great  problems  of  modern  society.  When  they  are 
forced  upon  us  by  circumstances,  we  must  make  up  our 
minds  to  meet  and  resolve  them We  cannot,  in  Eu- 
rope, comprehend  your  hesitations,  which  will  but  end  in  ag- 
gravating the  difficulty.  You  will  never  get  through  this  war 
without  boldly  attacking  slavery ;  and  it  is  for  the  interest 
of  all  concerned  to  do  it  as  soon  as  possible."  There  were 
few  persons  abroad  who  had  any  adequate  conception  of  the 
difficulties  with  which  the  subject  was  environed. 

While  this  state  of  things  existed  in  Europe,  and  the  dan- 
ger of  hostile  intervention  was  constantly  increasing,  the 
Government  of  the  United  States,  patient  to  the  last,  still  car- 
ried on  the  war  with  strict  adherence  to  the  principles  of  the 
Resolution  of  July,  1 861.  It  was  perfectly  well  understood, 
that,  by  the  terms  of  this  resolution,  non-interference  with 
slavery  was  intended.  There  never  was  a  moment,  from  the 
first  gun  fired  at  Sumter,  till  the  appearance  of  the  Proclama- 
tion of  the  1st  of  January,  1863,  when  the  States  of  rebellion 
might  not  have  resumed  their  allegiance  on  the  basis  of  that 
resolution.  But  not  the  slightest  intimation  was  ever  given  in 
any  manifesto  of  the  Confederate  Government,  by  any  jour- 
nal supposed  to  express  its  views,  or  by  any  prominent  indi- 
vidual in  its  confidence,  that  this  condition  would  be  agreed 
to,  or  any  condition  except  the  severance  of  the  Union.  On 
the  contrary,  the  firm  purpose  of  the  leaders  of  the  Rebellion, 
to  accept  no  terms  short  of  the  acknowledgment  of  the  South- 
ern Confederacy  was  declared  on  every  occasion  and  in  every 
form. 

Thus,  then,  a  desolating  war  was  waged  for  eighteen 
months  against  the  constitutional  Government  of  the  coun- 
try, at  a  cost  of  a  thousand  millions  of  treasure  and  a  hun- 
dred thousand  lives.     On  the  part  of  the  United  States,  the 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE    GOVERNMENT.     717 

object  of  the  war  was  declared  to  be  to  restore  the  authority 
of  the  Government  throughout  the  Union.  On  the  part  of 
the  Confederates,  it  was  notoriously  waged,  after  thirty  years 
of  agitation,  for  the  sake  of  causing  a  rupture  of  the  States, 
and  establishing  a  new  slaveholding  confederacy.  While  the 
non-interference  with  slavery,  the  cause  or  pretext  of  the  war, 
by  the  Government  of  the  United  States,  produced  not  the 
slightest  effect  in  the  way  of  conciliating  the  rebels,  whom  it 
left  in  the  undisturbed  possession  of  what  they  regard  as  a 
chief  source  of  strength  in  carrying  on  the  war,  it  was  rapidly 
losing  us  the  sympathy  of  Europe,  where  their  emissaries  did 
not  scruple  to  adduce  this  very  non-interference  as  a  proof 
that  "  slavery  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  contest."  Without 
gaining  anything  by  forbearance  at  home,  we  were  allowing 
the  tide  of  public  opinion  to  run  against  us  abroad,  and  ma- 
terially increasing  the  danger  of  hostile  intervention,  on  the 
professed  grounds  that  it  was  required  by  the  interests  of 
humanity,  and  that  slavery  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  strug- 
gle. 

It  was  under  these  circumstances  that  the  President,  as 
Commander-in-Chief  of  the  armies  of  the  United  States,  felt 
himself  warranted  in  drawing  this  new  weapon  from  the  ar- 
mory of  the  public  law.  Considering  that  slavery,  either  as 
motive  or  pretext,  had  caused  the  war  ;  that  it  strengthened 
the  rebels  with  the  physical  power  of  600,000  able-bodied 
men,  inhabitants  of  the  South,  and  owing  allegiance  to  the 
United  States ;  that  besides  the  employment  of  one  half  of 
this  number  in  direct  military  service  in  forts,  field-works,  and 
general  camp  labor,  it  released  an  equal  number  of  white 
men  from  agricultural  labor  and  other  domestic  employments 
at  home,  thus  increasing  to  that  extent  the  force  of  their  ar- 
mies, while  in  many  cases  the  slaves  themselves  were  actually 
armed,  and  accompanied  their  masters  to  the  field ;  consider- 
ing further,  that  it  had  been  shown,  by  the  experience  of  eigh- 
teen months'  war,  that  the  apprehension  of  a  servile  insurrec- 
tion, so  generally  entertained,  was  groundless ;  considering 
that  the  continued  forbearance  of  the  United  States  towards 
slavery  was   weakening  us  in  that  public  opinion  which  is 


718  THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPOETING  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

the  ultimate  ruling  power  in  the  civilized  world,  and  in  vari- 
ous ways  aiding  and  strengthening  the  cause  of  the  Rebellion 
abroad,  —  the  Government  of  the  United  States,  warranted 
by  clear  principles  of  the  law  of  nations,  and  in  the  exercise 
of  the  undoubted  right  of  a  belligerent  in  a  just  war,  de- 
clared by  the  President's  proclamation  of  22d  September, 
1862,  that,  after  the  first  day  of  January  next  ensuing,  the 
slaves  in  States  then  in  rebellion  should  be  free,  and  that 
compensation  should  be  made  to  loyal  citizens. 

Such  is  the  history  of  these  proclamations.  I  am  not 
pledged  to  their  defence.  My  opinion  of  such  a  measure  was 
informally  asked  in  advance  by  a  member  of  the  Cabinet ; 
and  I  expressed,  in  reply,  a  doubt  of  its  policy,  though  I 
added  that  I  had  no  doubt  of  its  constitutionality.  I  did  not 
regard  it  as  a  measure  of  great  practical  importance.  I  con- 
sidered slavery  as  doomed,  as  Mr.  Stephens  warned  his  fel- 
low-citizens it  would  be,  by  the  operations  of  the  war ;  and 
by  what  particular  instrumentality,  or  in  what  precise  form, 
provided  it  was  constitutionally  done,  was  of  no  great  moment. 
I  have  no  belief,  however,  that  the  measure  has  had  the 
slightest  effect  in  increasing  the  difficulty  of  pacification. 
The  governing  class,  a  small  minority,  will  hold  out  for  inde- 
pendence till  their  military  power  is  crushed.  When  that  is 
done,  the  masses  will  rise,  and  demand  peace. 

I  will  add,  that  it  is  very  doubtful  whether  any  act  of  the 
Government  of  the  United  States  was  necessary  to  liberate 
the  slaves  in  a  State  which  is  in  rebellion.  There  is  much 
reason  for  the  opinion,  that,  by  the  simple  act  of  levying  war 
against  the  United  States,  the  relation  of  slavery  was  termi- 
nated, certainly  so  far  as  concerns  the  duty  of  the  United 
States  to  recognize  it,  or  to  refrain  from  interfering  with  it. 
Not  being  founded  on  the  law  of  nature,  and  resting  solely  on 
positive  local  law,  and  that  not  of  the  United  States,  as  soon 
as  it  becomes  either  the  motive  or  pretext  of  an  unjust  war 
against  the  Union,  an  efficient  instrument  in  the  hands  of  the 
rebels  for  carrying  on  the  war,  a  source  of  military  strength 
to  the  Rebellion,  and  of  danger  to  the  Government  at  home 
and  abroad,  with  the  additional  certainty,  that,  in  any  event 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE    GOVERNMENT.     719 

but  its  abandonment,  it  will  continue,  in  all  future  time,  to 
work  these  mischiefs,  who .  can  suppose  it  is  the  duty  of  the 
United  States  to  continue  to  recognize  it  ?  To  maintain  this 
would  be  a  contradiction  in  terms.  It  would  be  to  recognize 
a  right  in  a  rebel  master  to  employ  his  slave  in  acts  of  rebel- 
lion and  treason,  and  the  duty  of  the  slave  to  aid  and  abet 
his  master  in  the  commission  of  the  greatest  crime  known  to 
the  law.  No  such  absurdity  can  be  admitted ;  and  any  citi- 
zen of  the  United  States,  from  the  President  down,  who 
should,  by  any  overt  act,  recognize  the  duty  of  a  slave  to  obey 
a  rebel  master  in  a  hostile  operation,  would  himself  be  giving 
aid  and  comfort  to  the  enemy. 

While,  therefore,  I  think  nothing  can  be  clearer  than  that 
the  administration  is,  in  its  emancipation  policy,  in  the  exer- 
cise of  an  undoubted  right  on  the  clearest  principles  of  the 
public  law,  I  have  no  belief  that,  by  adopting  that  policy,  it  has 
increased  the  difficulty  of  an  honorable  pacification.  Con- 
servative men  of  all  parties  have,  with  the  best  intentions,  as 
it  seems  to  me,  acted  under  great  misconceptions  in  this  mat- 
ter. The  idea  that  the  foundations  of  this  Union  rest  on 
slavery,  and  that  it  is  at  all  events,  and  under  all  circumstances, 
and  to  the  end  of  time,  to  be  cherished  and  preserved,  is  quite 
a  recent  idea.  The  fathers  of  the  Republic  knew  nothing  of 
it.  They  with  one  accord,  South  as  well  as  North,  regarded 
slavery  as  an  evil  forced  upon  the  country  in  its  colonial  state, 
and  temporarily  tolerated.  It  was  supposed  to  depend  on 
the  continued  importation  of  slaves  ;  and  the  framers  of  the 
Constitution  of  1789  believed  that,  in  providing  for  the  pro- 
hibition of  the  African  slave-trade  after  1808,  they  had  com- 
menced the  abolition  of  slavery.  Mr.  Webster  says,  and 
repeats  the  remark  in  his  speech  of  the  7th  of  March,  1850, 
that  the  members  of  the  Federal  Convention  "  thought  that 
slavery  could  not  be  continued  in  the  country,  if  the  impor- 
tation of  slaves  were  made  to  cease ;  and  therefore  they  pro- 
vided that,  after  a  certain  period,  the  importation  might  be 
prevented  by  an  act  of  the  new  government."  "  It  was  then 
(April,  1776)  the  prevailing  opinion,"  says  Bancroft  (VIII. 
321),  "  especially  in  Virginia,  that  the  total  prohibition  of  the 


720     THE   DUTY    OF    SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

slave-trade  would,  at  no  very  distant  day,  be  followed  by 
universal  emancipation. 

With  the  rapid  extension  of  the  culture  of  cotton,  a  differ- 
ent feeling  began  to  prevail  at  the  South,  but  by  no  means 
universally.  In  1816,  a  manumission  society  in  East  Tennes- 
see addressed  their  fellow- Christians  throughout  the  United 
States  in  favor  of  the  abolition  of  slavery.  In  1823,  in  a 
very  interesting  conversation  with  Mr.  Calhoun  on  the  condi- 
tion of  the  Cherokees,  I  expressed  my  regret  that  the  great 
progress  of  that  tribe  in  the  arts  of  civilized  life  had  been 
accompanied  by  the  introduction  of  slavery.  Mr.  Calhoun 
spoke  of  it  as  a  frequent  incident  of  the  early  stages  of  social 
progress,  and  added,  in  his  nervous,  rapid  way,  "  Scaffolding, 
sir,  scaffolding:  when  the  building  is  finished  it  will  come 
away."  In  1832,  slavery  was  denounced  in  the  Legislature 
of  Virginia,  after  the  massacre  at  Southampton,  in  language 
as  uncompromising  as  was  ever  heard  in  this  hall.  A  plan 
of  emancipation  was  at  that  time  reported  by  Mr.  Thomas 
Jefferson  Randolph,  the  grandson  of  President  Jefferson,  and 
who  has  been,  and  is  perhaps  now,  a  member  of  Mr.  Davis's 
cabinet;  and  it  was  defended  by  Mr.  C.J.Faulkner,  who 
holds,  I  believe,  a  command  in  the  rebel  army,  in  language 
like  this :  "  So  great  and  overshadowing  are  the  evils  of  slav* 
ery,  so  sensibly  are  they  felt  by  those  who  have  traced  the 
causes  of  our  national  decline,  so  perceptible  is  the  poisonous 
operation  of  its  principles  in  the  varied  and  diversified  inter- 
ests of  this  Commonwealth,  that  all  whose  minds  are  not 
warped  by  prejudice  and  interest  must  admit  that  the  disease 
has  now  assumed  that  mortal  tendency,  as  to  justify  the 
application  of  any  remedy  which,  under  the  great  law  of 
State  necessity,  we  might  consider  advisable ;  yes,  sir,  if  pol- 
itic, the  immediate  removal  of  that  whole  class  of  our  pop- 
ulation." It  may  be  enough  to  add,  that  it  was  admitted  by 
Vice-President  Stephens,  in  the  spring  of  1861,  that  views 
like  these  prevailed  till  within  twenty  years ;  that  is,  as  late 
as  1840. 

Who  can  suppose  that,  within  twenty  years,  an  entire  rev- 
olution has  taken  place  in  public  opinion,  at  the  South,  in 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE    GOVERNMENT.     721 

reference  to  an  interest  which  embraces  but  a  small  minority 
of  the  population  ?  There  are  but  fifteen  or  sixteen  hundred 
thousand  persons  directly  interested  as  slaveholders,  allowing 
a  family  of  five  to  every  person  of  that  class.  It  is  abun- 
dantly shown  by  the  books  of  Mr.  Olmsted  and  other  intel- 
ligent travellers,  having  the  best  means  of  observation,  that 
there  is  no  sympathy  between  the  small  proprietors,  and  still 
less  "  the  poor  whites  "  and  the  rich  planters.  The  highland 
ridge  that  penetrates  the  entire  Southwest  almost  to  the  Gulf 
of  Mexico,  and  the  valleys  embosomed  in  it,  are  inhabited  by 
an  industrious  population,  who  own  but  few  slaves,  and  have 
no  attachment  to  the  institution  of  slavery.  I  have  within  a 
few  days  conversed  with  a  most  intelligent  gentleman  past  the 
meridian  of  life,  who,  to  avoid  being  forced  into  the  trenches, 
succeeded  a  few  weeks  since  in  escaping  from  one  of  the 
Gulf  States.  He  assured  me  that  he  had  conversed  with 
wealthy  planters  who  were  weary  of  sacrificing  their  sons  to 
preserve  their  slaves ;  and  it  is  within  my  personal  knowledge, 
that  many  of  the  most  enlightened  citizens  of  the  South 
regard  slavery  as  an  unmitigated  evil.  They  did  so  even 
before  it  had  wantonly  involved  them  in  the  measureless 
calamities  of  war.  Is  it  in  human  nature  that  the  masses  of 
the  people  should  carry  on  a  ruinous  war  forever,  to  gratify 
the  pride,  the  temper,  the  ambition  of  a  few  political  and 
military  leaders,  or  the  governing  aristocracy  to  which  they 
belong  ?  Why  then  should  we  overturn  the  administration 
of  our  own  Government  in  the  crisis  of  the  struggle,  in  order 
to  bring  in  successors  who  will  offer  to  those  leaders  new 
guaranties  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  with  the  assurance  be- 
forehand that  the  offer  will  be  rejected  ? 

Much  is  said  about  restoring  "  the  Constitution  as  it  is  and 
the  Union  as  it  was  "  ;  and  as  far  as  I  have  been  able  to  pen- 
etrate the  real  intentions  of  the  Chicago  Democracy,  it  is  to 
make  overtures  of  peace  on  that  nominal  basis,  with  new  guar- 
anties and  compromises  on  the  subject  of  slavery.  Have  those 
who  favor  such  a  policy  well  considered  what  the  Union  was, 
and  the  Constitution  is,  in  this  respect  ?  A  little  impartial 
reflection  on  that  subject  will  show  that  it  is  by  no  means  at 

vol.  iv.  46 


722     THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT. 

the  North  that  the  departure  from  its  spirit,  nay,  its  letter,  has 
taken  place.  I  do  not  refer  to  extreme  opinions  uttered  by 
ardent  men  North  and  South,  but  to  legislative  acts  and  offi- 
cial measures  of  the  General  Government.  While  the  Gov- 
ernment of  the  United  States  is  not  chargeable  with  the 
smallest  violation  of  the  Constitution,  or  the  slightest  depart- 
ure from  the  spirit  of  the  Union  (but  very  far  the  contrary 
in  respect  to  slavery),  both  have  been  wholly  disregarded  and 
set  at  naught  by  the  slaveholding  interest.  I  have  not  time, 
at  this  late  hour,  to  go  into  this  discussion  at  length  ;  but  I 
will  state  a  few  propositions,  which,  as  I  think,  defy  refuta- 
tion. 

First,  By  the  wise  and  good  men  of  the  South,  as  well  as 
the  North,  who  framed  the  Constitution,  slavery,  as  I  have 
already  stated,  was  considered,  and  habitually  declared,  to  be 
a  social,  political,  and  moral  evil,  forced  upon  us  by  the 
colonial  government,  of  which  it  was  both  the  interest  and 
duty  of  the  country  to  rid  itself  as  soon  as  possible.  For 
this  reason,  they  would  not  allow  the  word  "slave"  to  find  a 
place  in  the  Constitution,  in  order,  as  was  urged  by  Mr. 
Madison,  that  they  might  not  seem  to  recognize  such  a  thing 
as  property  in  man. 

Secondly,  It  was  universally  believed  at  that  time  that 
slavery  could  only  be  kept  up  by  the  African  slave-trade. 
Several  of  the  States  had  already  prohibited  it;  and  the  Con- 
stitution made  provision  for  its  final  prohibition  in  twenty 
years,  which  actually  took  place. 

Thirdly,  Contemporaneously  with  the  formation  of  the 
Constitution,  slavery  was,  by  the  Ordinance  of  1787,  prohibit- 
ed in  all  the  territory  then  belonging  to  the  United  States, 
under  circumstances  that  exclude  the  idea  that  any  difference 
of  policy  would  be  pursued  in  territory  hereafter  to  be  ac- 
quired. This  prohibition  was  accompanied  by  the  clause  for 
the  extradition  of  fugitives  held  to  labor,  from  which  the  word 
slave  was  carefully  excluded. 

Fourthly,  As  a  compensation  for  allowing  three  fifths  of 
the  slaves  to  be  added  to  the  representative  numbers  (an 
arrangement  which  has  almost  always  secured  to  the  slave- 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     723 

holding  States  the  control  of  the  Government),  it  was  pro- 
vided that  direct  taxation  should  be  assessed  on  the  same 
principle. 

Such  is  the  "  Union  as  it  was,  and  the  Constitution  as  it 
is,"  in  the  intendment  of  its  framers.  What  have  they  since 
become  ?  what  are  they  now  ?  Instead  of  a  universally  rec- 
ognized temporary  evil,  intentionally  placed  in  a  train  of 
extinction  by  the  prohibition  of  the  African  slave-trade,  a 
struggle  commencing  with  the  rapid  extension  of  the  cotton 
culture  has  been  kept  up  for  forty  years  to  preserve,  perpet- 
uate, and  extend  slavery ;  and  this  struggle  has  culminated 
in  a  gigantic  war,  against  that  very  constitution,  and  in  order 
to  effect  that  object  by  a  rupture  of  the  Union.  Or,  if  we 
choose  to  consider  the  rupture  of  the  Union  as  the  primary 
object,  then  slavery  is  the  pretext  and  rallying-cry  made  use 
of  to  effect  it,  while  the  new  government  proposed  to  be 
erected  on  the  ruins  of  the  "  Union  as  it  was  "  is  declared  to 
be  built  on  the  corner-stone  of  slavery. 

Instead  of  confining  slavery,  with  a  view  to  its  final  ex- 
tinction, to  the  States  in  which  it  existed  in  1787,  and  wholly 
excluding  it  from  the  Territories  (which  was  the  design  of 
the  fathers  of  the  Union  as  it  was),  nine  new  slave  States 
have  been  admitted,  with  stipulations  for  four  more  to  be 
added  in  Texas,  in  territory  acquired  by  treaties  conceded  by 
Messrs.  Jefferson  and  Madison  to  be  in  violation  of  "  the 
Constitution  as  it  is."  A  new  compromise  which  excluded 
slavery  from  the  Territories  north  of  36  deg.  30  min.,  and 
admitted  it  into  all  the  Territories  south  of  the  line,  in  con- 
travention of  the  design  of  the  fathers  of  the  Constitution 
as  it  is  and  the  Union  as  it  was,  was  repealed  by  the  Democ- 
racy in  1854,  while  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States 
decided  that  the  Constitution,  into  which  the  framers  would 
not  admit  the  word,  carries,  proprio  vigor  e,  the  thing  into  all 
the  territory  of  the  United  States. 

Of  direct  taxation,  which  was  to  be  the  equivalent  for  the 
representation  of  the  slaves,  and  which  it  was  supposed,  by 
the  framers  of  the  Union  as  it  was  and  the  Constitution  as 
it  is,  would  be  the  main  support  of  the  Government,  fourteen 


724  THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPORTING  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

millions  only  had  been  raised  from  the  adoption  of  the  Con- 
stitution up  to  1861,  while  the  hundreds  of  millions  by  which 
the  public  debt  has  been  liquidated  and  the  Government  car- 
ried on  —  by  which  two  foreign  wars  have  been  waged,  and 
Louisiana,  Florida,  Texas,  New  Mexico,  and  California  paid 
for — have  been  raised  by  indirect  taxation,  and  the  public 
lands,  five  sixths  of  which  have,  at  all  times,  accrued  from 
the  free   States. 

In  the  face  of  these  facts,  which  prove  that,  before  1861, 
every  principle  with  respect  to  slavery  on  which  the  Union 
was  established  and  the  Constitution  framed  has  been  vi- 
olated, and  every  compromise  disregarded,  set  at  naught, 
defeated,  reversed,  till  at  length  a  civil  war,  such  as  the  world 
has  never  witnessed  before,  is  waged  against  the  Union  in 
further  defiance  and  outrage  of  those  principles,  and  in  order 
to  effect  its  utter  overturn  and  destruction  by  force  of  arms, 
we  are  now  called  upon  to  overthrow  the  administration,  and 
restore  the  Democracy,  in  the  vain  hope  of  bringing  the  men, 
who,  for  selfish  and  ambitious  purposes,  have  waged  the  war, 
back  to  the  Union,  which  they  tell  us  they  loathe,  by  new 
guaranties  and  further  compromises. 

Such  are  my  views  of  the  questions  which  the  pending 
election  presents  to  the  people  of  the  United  States.  They 
have  decided  the  course  which  I  have  felt  it  my  duty  to  take. 
If  ever  there  was  a  time,  when,  laying  aside  all  other  feeling, 
especially  every  thought  of  party  or  self,  it  is  our  duty  to 
look  exclusively  to  our  beloved  and  bleeding  country,  that 
time  has  come.  I  need  not  say  to  you,  my  friends,  that  no 
one,  in  a  sphere  of  private  influence,  has  labored  harder  than 
I  to  avert  the  catastrophe.  Thinking  that  I  saw,  in  the 
violent  agitation  which  prevailed  between  the  two  sections 
of  the  country,  the  gathering  of  a  storm  but  too  likely  to 
burst  and  desolate  the  land,  I  spared  no  pains  to  turn  aside 
the  peril.  After  the  sectional  warfare  of  opinion  and  feeling 
had  reached  a  dangerous  height,  anxious,  if  possible,  to  bring 
a  counteractive  and  conciliating  influence  into  play,  feeling 
that  there  was  yet  one  golden  chord  of  sympathy  which  ran 
throughout  the  land,  in  the  hope  of  contributing  something, 


THE   DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     725 

however  small,  to  preserve  what  remained,  and  restore  what 
was  lost  of  kind  feeling  between  the  two  sections  of  the 
country,  I  devoted  the  greater  part  of  my  time,  for  three 
years,  to  the  attempt  to  give  new  strength  in  the  hearts  of 
my  countrymen, —  to  the  last  patriotic  feeling,  in  which  they 
seemed  to  beat  in  entire  unison, — veneration  and  love  for 
the  name  of  Washington,  and  reverence  for  the  place  of  his 
rest.  With  this  object  in  view,  I  travelled  thousands  of  miles, 
by  night  and  by  day,  in  midwinter  and  midsummer,  speaking 
three,  four,  and  five  times  a  week,  in  feeble  health,  and  under 
a  heavy  burden  of  domestic  care  and  sorrow,  and  inculcating 
the  priceless  value  of  the  Union,  in  precisely  the  same  terms, 
from  Maine  to  Georgia,  and  from  New  York  to  St.  Louis. 

In  the  spring  of  1860,  from  the  same  motive,  but  with  the 
extremest  reluctance,  I  allowed  my  name  to  be  placed  on  the 
Union  ticket;  and,  in  my  letter  of  acceptance,  I  painted,  in 
the  strongest  language  I  could  command,  the  horrors  of  civil 
war,  and  the  duty  and  necessity  of  reconciliation.  Pursuing 
this  policy  to  the  last,  I  gave  my  humble  support  to  all  the 
healing  measures  which  were  brought  forward  in  the  winter 
of  1860-61.  Every  sentiment  which  I  uttered  on  these 
occasions  was  received  with  approbation  by  the  entire  con- 
servative press  in  the  country,  Whig  and  Democratic ;  and 
now,  because  I  support  the  Government  in  a  righteous  war 
of  self-defence,  —  a  war  marked,  on  the  part  of  the  enemy,  with 
every  character  of  treason  to  the  Union,  and  of  violence  and 
cruelty  to  the  Union  men  of  the  South,  —  I  am  daily  taunted 
with  inconsistency  by  writers  and  speakers  who  concurred 
with  everything  1  wrote  and  said  in  favor  of  peace,  and  now 
think  themselves  defamed  if  any  doubt  is  expressed  of  their 
sincerity  in  urging  the  prosecution  of  the  war,  till  the  Rebel- 
lion and  "  the  people  "  waging  it  are  "  crushed." 

But  no,  fellow-citizens,  the  contest  could  not  be  avoided. 
The  political  and  military  leaders  of  the  South  were  deter- 
mined to  bring  the  controversy  to  the  dread  arbitrament  of 
arms.  Providence  is  putting  our  patriotism  to  this  austere 
test  to  see  if  we  have  the  manhood  and  virtue  to  sustain  that 
grand  nationality  to  which  our  fathers  placed  the  seal  of  a 


726  THE  DUTY  OF  SUPPORTING  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

crowning  victory,  at  Yorktown,  on  the  19th  of  October,  1781. 
That  it  is  our  duty  to  do  so,  was  the  sentiment  of  every  loyal 
heart  when  the  blow  was  struck  at  Sumter,  and  the  country, 
as  one  man,  sprang  to  the  defence  of  the  Union.  Need  I 
remind  you  how,  for  the  second  time  in  our  history,  and  on 
the  twice  consecrated  19th  of  April,  the  pathetic  glory  was 
reserved  to  Massachusetts,  of  shedding  the  first  blood  in  the 
sacred  cause  ?  Never  was  a  grander  movement  in  the  annals 
of  our  race,  than  when,  trampling  party  in  the  dust,  and  for- 
getting all  that  divided  opinion  on  measures  or  men,  the 
citizens  of  the  loyal  States  remembered  only  that  the  flag 
of  that  Union  "  which  makes  us  one  people  "  had  been  trai- 
torously stricken  down,  and  that  ambitious  men,  marching 
through  the  bloody  portals  of  rebellion,  were  striving  to  rend 
in  sordid  tatters  the  seamless  garment  which  enfolds  our  be- 
loved country. 

The  cause  is  as  sacred  now  as  then,  and  the  dearer  for  the 
precious  blood  shed  in  its  defence.  We  knew  no  party  in 
'61 :  can  we  not  again  rise  above  it  in  '64  ?  Shall  we,  in  the 
face  of  the  world,  as  the  struggle  is  drawing  to  a  close,  par- 
alyze the  only  arm  which,  by  a  constitutional  necessity,  can 
wield  the  power  of  the  State  ?  The  eyes  of  the  nations  are 
upon  us.  I  am  well  persuaded  that  we  have  not  a  sincere 
friend  in  the  civilized  world,  who  will  not  deplore  the  over- 
throw of  the  administration ;  and  however  parties,  led  by 
mistaken  opinion,  interest,  or  passion,  may  differ  now,  I  am 
equally  persuaded,  that,  in  after-years,  coming  generations, 
South  as  well  as  North,  nay,  the  South  still  more  than  the 
North,  will  recognize  the  justice  of  our  cause,  and  that  the 
South  will  date  her  own  regeneration  from  our  success  in  the 
struggle. 


APPENDIX. 

Three  facts  have  been  shown  by  the  experience  of  the  war  which  furnish 
an  answer  to  all  the  serious  objections  to  the  emancipation  policy  of  the 
Administration,  and  which  demonstrate  the  unreasonableness  of  subverting 
it,  in  order  that  that  policy  may  be  reversed. 


THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING   THE   GOVERNMENT.     727 

The  first  is,  that  there  is  no  danger  of  a  servile  insurrection,  in  conse- 
quence of  the  civil  war.  The  very  heart  of  the  South  has  been  reached  by  our 
armies.  It  is  of  course  unnecessary  to  say,  that  no  inducements  have  been 
held  out  by  their  commanders  to  attempt  such  an  insurrection  ;  but  the 
slaves  themselves,  as  far  as  we  are  aware,  have  nowhere  shown  the  slightest 
disposition  to  act  over  again  the  terrible  scenes  of  Hayti.  This  fact  at  once 
furnishes  an  answer  to  the  passionate  declamations  of  the  Southern  press 
and  the  sympathizing  press  of  Europe  and  the  North,  on  the  barbarity  of 
the  measure,  and  demonstrates  the  integrity  with  which  the  Government  of 
the  United  States,  on  this  most  delicate  subject,  confines  itself  within  the 
limits  of  Christian  warfare. 

Secondly,  it  had,  even  before  the  war,  been  proved  by  numerous  examples, 
that  the  moment  the  slave  was  compensated  for  his  labor,  he  worked  with  a 
fidelity  and  zeal  before  unknown.  This  was  seen  in  the  case  of  slaves  allowed 
to  purchase  their  freedom,  —  a  very  common  practice  at  the  South,  and 
particularly  in  the  memorable  case  of  Macdonough's  slaves  at  New  Orleans. 
It  was,  on  that  occasion,  fully  proved,  that  even  the  remote  prospect  of  free- 
dom converted  the  slaves  into  laborers,  as  industrious  and  cheerful  as  those 
of  any  complexion  and  race.  Since  the  war,  new  proofs  of  this  truth  have 
been  furnished  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  and  still  more  on  the  Mississippi. 
Hundreds  of  plantations  have  been  profitably  cultivated  by  freedmen,  under 
all  the  disadvantages  of  a  provisional  system,  the  danger  of  guerillas,  the 
demands  of  the  army,  and  the  inexperience  of  employers.  In  some  cases 
the  slaves  have  been  employed  and  paid  by  their  former  owners,  and  to  the 
satisfaction  of  both  parties.  There  is  no  reason  to  doubt,  that,  on  the  restora- 
tion of  peace,  the  greater  part  of  the  freedmen  would  return  to  the  plant- 
ers by  whom  they  were  kindly  treated,  and  who  were  willing  to  pay  them 
fair  wages.  Mr.  Davis  says  we  have  emancipated  about  2,000,000  of  slaves, 
and  may  have  the  rest  if  we  will  take  care  of  them.  But  if  the  South,  in- 
stead of  pursuing  this  unprovoked  and  suicidal  war,  will  wisely  yield  to  the 
state  of  things  which  she  has  brought  upon  herself  and  upon  the  country, 
her  laboring  population,  influenced  by  the  same  local,  attachments  that  bind 
their  fellow-men  to  the  place  of  their  birth,  will,  when  assured  of  freedom, 
kind  treatment,  and  fair  wages,  prefer  to  live  and  to  die  on  the  spot  where 
they  were  born.  That  no  difficulties  and  embarrassments  will  present  them- 
selves, in  so  considerable  a  social  change,  is  not  to  be  expected  ;  but  neither 
history  nor  observation  obliges  us  to  regard  these  difficulties  as  insuperable. 
A  few  centuries  ago,  all  the  agricultural  labor  of  Europe  was  performed  by 
bondmen,  and  our  British  ancestors  were  bought  and  sold  as  slaves,  in  all  the 
markets  of  the  world.  At  the  present  day  the  emancipation  of  22,000,000 
of  serfs  in  Kussia  is  going  on  quietly  and  without  the  slightest  convulsion  of 
society. 

Thirdly,  if,  as  may  be  no  doubt  expected,  the  colored  population  of  the 
South  should  be  somewhat  diminished  by  the  events  of  this  war ;  if  the  mem- 
ory of  recent  hardships  and  sufferings,  antagonisms  of  race,  the  pressure  of 


728     THE  DUTY   OF   SUPPORTING  THE   GOVERNMENT. 

political  disabilities,  or  any  other  cause,  should  compel  a  portion  of  the 
freedmen  permanently  to  leave  their  native  States  ;  if,  as  ■will  probably  be 
the  case,  especially  should  facilities  for  emigration  be  afforded,  considerable 
numbers  should  go  forth  in  search  of  a  more  eligible  home  in  Liberia  or 
elsewhere,  —  then  it  has  been  amply  shown,  by  the  experience  of  our  armies, 
that  the  supposed  inability  of  the  white  race  to  sustain  a  Southern  climate 
is,  in  a  great  degree,  imaginary.  By  observing  proper  sanitary  precautions, 
our  armies,  notwithstanding  necessary  exposure  in  unhealthy  localities,  and 
the  superadded  causes  of  disease  incident  to  camp  life,  have  been  remark- 
ably free  from  disease.  There  is  no  reason  to  doubt  that,  with  the  return 
of  a  settled  order  of  things,  just  in  proportion  as  an  opening  is  made  by  the 
•withdrawal  of  any  part  of  the  colored  population  of  the  South,  the  tide  of 
emigration  will  begin  to  flow  from  the  North  and  from  Europe,  bringing 
■with  it  an  energy  and  an  enterprise,  a  thrift  and  skill,  a  supply  of  machinery 
and  capital,  together  with  moral  elements  of  progress,  hitherto  unknown  in 
that  naturally  favored  region.  Why,  then,  revolutionize  our  own  Government 
for  the  avowed  purpose  of  arresting  a  policy  by  which  Providence  is  so 
manifestly  educing  good  from  evil  ?  Why  seek,  by  unsolicited  guaranties 
and  humiliating  compromises,  to  deprive  the  country,  the  civilized  world, 
and  humanity  itself,  of  the  great  compensation  for  all  the  sacrifices  and 
Bufferings  of  a  war  into  which  slavery  has  plunged  us  ? 


THE  SAILORS'   HOME* 


Ladies  and  Gentlemen  :  — 

Sharing  with  you  the  regret  which  I  know  you  must  all 
feel  that  we  are  not  to  have  the  pleasure  of  listening  to  his 
Excellency  the  Governor,  whose  voice  is  never  heard  without 
interest,  I  will  nevertheless  say,  that,  if  there  is  any  cause 
which  could  dispense  with  his  advocacy,  or  that  of  any  man, 
it  is  the  cause  which  has  brought  us  together  this  evening. 
Mr.  Rice,  both  in  his  remarks  at  this  time,  and  in  the  state- 
ment of  the  Managing  Committee,  has  so  fully  unfolded  the 
object  of  the  Fair,  as  to  leave  me  but  little  to  say  on  that  topic. 
He  has  told  you  that  no  person  can  be  permanently  admitted 
into  the  existing  marine  asylums  and  hospitals  who  has  not 
been  twenty  years  in  the  service.  When  we  consider  how  rap- 
idly the  number  of  our  seamen  has  increased  since  the  war  be- 
gan, we  shall  perceive  how  many  brave  fellows,  by  this  limita- 
tion alone,  must  be  excluded  from  the  benefit  of  those  establish- 
ments. Since  1861,  the  number  of  our  sailors  has  swelled 
from  less  than  8,000  to  more  than  50,000,  which  is  the  num- 
ber at  the  present  time :  and  when  the  ships  now  building 
are  afloat,  10,000  or  15,000  more  will  be  required  to  man 
them.  From  this  it  follows,  that  of  the  seamen  now  in  the 
navy,  taken  at  the  lowest  number,  there  are  42,800  that  can't 
cross  the  threshold  of  a  United  States  hospital,  as  per- 
manent inmates,  till  the  years  1881  —  2-3-4.  How  many 
of  the  Hearts  of  Oak  now  in  the  service,  including,  on  the 
average,  seven  eighths  of  those  who  have  fought  the  noble 
battles  and  achieved  the  splendid  successes  of  the  war,  will 

*  Remarks  at  the  opening  of  the  Fair  for  the  Benefit  of  the  Sailors'  Home, 
in  the  Boston  Theatre,  9th  November,  1864. 


730  THE    SAILORS'    HOME. 

have  survived  the  conflicts  that  may  yet  await  them,  and  the 
hardships  and  exposures  of  sixteen  or  eighteen  additional 
years  of  service,  and  be  available  recipients  of  this  tardy 
bounty  of  the  existing  establishments  ? 

Now  do  we  consider  what  these  men  have  done  and  are 
daily  doing  for  us,  —  for  the  country?  I  am  not  one  of  those 
who  make  invidious  comparisons  between  the  two  arms  of 
the  service.  I  would  not  rob  the  army  of  one  leaf  of  its 
well-earned  laurels,  to  give  it  to  the  navy.  They  have  both  — 
I  will  not  say  covered  themselves  with  glory,  that  is  but  vul- 
gar praise  —  they  have  done  better,  —  they  have  done  their 
duty,  their  whole  duty  to  the  country.  They  have  done  it  sep- 
arately and  done  it  jointly.  Each  has  its  peculiar  opportu- 
nities ;  its  peculiar  difficulties  and  perils;  its  peculiar  merits. 
But  when  I  think  of  Port  Royal,  of  Hatteras  Inlet,  of  Hamp- 
ton Roads,  and  the  little  Monitor,  of  the  brave  fellows  that 
stood  to  their  guns  in  the  Cumberland,  under  Lieutenant 
Morris,  till  the  water  rose  to  the  main  hatch,  and  nearly  half 
of  them  went  down  in  the  sinking  vessel,  and  of  all  the  other 
noble  exploits  of  the  navy,  on  the  Atlantic,  the  Gulf  of  Mex- 
ico, and  the  Mississippi,  not  forgetting  that  ever-memorable 
achievement  on  the  19th  of  June,  in  the  British  Channel,  I 
must  confess  I  tnink  we  owe  them  something  more  than  has 
yet  been  done  for  them,  —  something  more  than  sounding 
cheers  and  empty  praise. 

While  the  Brooklyn  lay  in  the  Navy  Yard  at  Charlestown, 
I  went  on  board  her.  She  bore  the  brunt  of  the  batteries  of 
Fort  Morgan,  on  that  ever-memorable  5th  of  August.  With 
the  exception  of  those  who  went  down  in  the  Tecumseh,  the 
killed  and  wounded  of  the  Brooklyn  greatly  outnumbered, 
if  I  mistake  not,  those  of  any  other  ship  in  the  fleet.  I  saw 
on  her  poop  deck  the  stains  of  the  blood  of  a  marine,  who 
stood  within  a  few  feet  of  her  brave  commander,  Captain 
Alden,  and  was  cut  in  two  by  a  ricochet  shot  from  Fort  Mor- 
gan, which,  at  a  second  bound,  dashed  another  poor  fellow 
into  the  sea.  Between  decks  I  saw  a  hole,  through  whose 
jagged  and  splintered  opening  I  could  almost  have  crept 
myself.     It  was  caused  by  a  shell,  which  burst  through  the 


THE    SAILORS*    HOME.  731 

ship's  side,  lighted  on  the  gun-deck,  amidst  a  group  of  twenty 
or  thirty  officers  and  men,  hissed  and  blazed  for  a  terrible 
moment  and  exploded.  Some  of  the  fragments  —  cold  and 
harmless  now  —  are  on  one  of  the  tables  in  this  hall.  It  was, 
of  course,  the  messenger  of  death  to  several  within  the  range 
of  the  explosion,  among  others  to  a  poor  fellow  already  shot 
down  on  the  upper  deck,  and  brought  below  for  safety.  What 
a  comfort  it  would  have  been  to  the  survivors,  if  the  officer 
nearest  at  hand  had  exclaimed  to  them :  "  Never  mind,  my 
lads,  fight  away,  seventeen  or  eighteen  years  hence  the  coun- 
try will  do  something  comfortable  for  you ! " 

Nor  is  it  alone  in  these  scenes  of  fire  and  blood  that  our 
noble  sailors  earn  our  gratitude.  Admiral  Collingwood  (all 
things  considered,  the  best  officer  in  the  British  Navy)  says 
there  is  greater  danger  in  the  blockading  service  "  than  in  a 
battle  once  a  week  "  ;  and  he  rebukes  "  the  city  politicians," 
as  he  calls  them,  "  who  cannot  comprehend  how  a  vessel  can 
sail  from  one  blockaded  port  to  another,  where  the  principal 
force  is,"  which  had  however  happened  to  himself.  The  ser- 
vice rendered  by  our  squadrons,  which  have  been  held  and  still 
hold  in  strict  blockade  3,500  miles  of  coast,  are  as  important 
to  the  country,  and  require  as  much  skill  and  conduct  on  the 
part  of  the  officers,  as  much  endurance  on  the  part  of  the 
men,  and  are  attended,  Lord  Collingwood  tells  us,  with  as 
much  danger,  as  those  of  actual  conflict.  Does  any  one  of 
our  stay-at-home  critics  and  editorial  connoisseurs,  who  are 
constantly  railing  at  the  navy  for  not  doing  what  they  know 
to  be  impossibilities,  does  any  one  of  them  doubt  this  ?  Let 
him  try  his  hand  at  it  himself.  Let  him  pass  a  week  in  the  hold 
of  one  of  the  iron-clads  blockading  Charleston,  in  dog-days,  the 
thermometer  at  130°,  between  decks  ;  or  if  he  prefers  a  sail- 
ing vessel,  let  him  go  and  turn  out  at  midnight  in  a  white 
squall  to  reef  topsails,  while  the  frozen  canvas,  as  thick  and 
as  hard  as  a  board,  dashes  on  his  face  with  every  fitful  gust, 
and  the  yard-arm  describes  an  arc  of  90  degrees  with  every 
roll  of  the  ship.  Let  him  try  this  awhile,  and  he  will  know 
a  little  what  the  blockading  service  really  is. 

O,  but  the  prize   money,  that's  the  great  compensation, 


732  THE    SAILORS'    HOME. 

the  mighty  cure-all  for  the  hardships  and  dangers  of  the 
sailor's  life.  Let  us  see  how  the  case  stands  with  reference 
to  prize  money.  If  the  prize  is  of  less  force  than  the  captor 
(which  of  course  will  generally  be  the  case  with  blockade- 
runners),  the  government  takes  half  to  begin  with.  Then 
come  the  fees  of  officials,  the  expenses  of  adjudication, 
evaporation  out  of  the  public  stores,  —  whole  bales  of  cotton 
and  barrels  of  turpentine  going  up  chimney  or  through  the 
keyhole,  —  during  the  months,  sometimes  the  years,  that  the 
property  is  under  trial,  and  frauds  in  the  final  sale  of  prize 
cargoes.  There  are  cases  (my  friend  Mr.  Dana  won't  think 
I  allude  to  anything  done  in  Boston)  in  which  the  expenses 
exceed  the  entire  value  of  the  prize,  and  the  captor  has  to 
foot  the  bill  of  costs.  When  the  dividend  at  length  is  made, 
ten  to  one  the  landsharks  get  poor  Jack's  share.  What  good 
does  it  do  a  sailor,  at  the  end  of  his  voyage,  to  have  two  or 
three  hundred  dollars  in  his  pocket,  either  as  wages  or  prize 
money  ?  One  out  of  ten  perhaps  is  benefited  ;  keeps  his 
money  for  his  family,  if  he  has  one,  puts  it  in  the  savings 
bank,  lays  the  foundation  for  a  frugal  competence  on  which, 
after  a  few  more  voyages,  he  can  go  back  to  his  native  village, 
and  lead  a  comfortable  life.  A  much  greater  number,  by  the 
time  they  are  landed,  fall  into  the  clutches  of  the  miscreants, 
who  tempt  them  to  excess,  betray  them  into  vice,  cheat, 
plunder  them,  strip  them  of  all  they  have,  and  compel  them 
to  ship  for  another  voyage,  or  enlist  again  in  the  public  ser- 
vice, as  a  refuge  from  starvation. 

There  are  few  things  so  reproachful  to  our  modern  civiliza- 
tion as  what  seems  to  be  the  necessary  condition  of  our 
sailors,  afloat  and  ashore.  Here  is  a  class  of  men  among  the 
most  important  in  the  country,  —  the  direct  agents  for  carry- 
ing on  its  foreign  commerce  ;  all  important,  indispensable  for 
the  public  defence ;  but  such  is  the  state  in  which  our  social 
system  leaves  them,  that  Dr.  Johnson  said,  a  hundred  years 
ago,  "  When  you  look  down  from  the  quarter  deck  on  the 
space  below,  you  see  the  utmost  extremity  of  human  misery." 
No  doubt  great  improvements  have  been  made  since  his  time 
in  the  condition  of  our  ships,  public  and  private.     The  lash  is 


THE    SAILORS'    HOME.  733 

forbidden  ;  grog,  the  source  of  most  of  the  evils  in  the  sailor's 
life,  is  commuted  for  articles  that  nourish  and  comfort ;  and 
on  shore  our  mariners'  homes,  and  sailors'  snug  harbors  and 
Bethels  and  seamen's  aid  societies  and  temperance  boarding- 
houses,  and  here  in  Boston,  Father  Taylor,  who  is  himself  an 
institution,  a  walking  Bethel,  have  done  much  to  ameliorate 
its  hardships.  All  honor  to  the  kind-hearted  men  and  women 
who  give  their  time  and  labor  to  this  work  of  truly  Christian 
benevolence.  But  I  fear  there  is  still  a  great  deal  too  much 
truth  in  what  Dr.  Johnson  said.  A  man  might  about  as  well 
breathe  the  air  of  the  Black  Hole  of  Calcutta  as  that  of  a 
small  vessel  between  decks.  An  ingenious  essay  was  written, 
twenty-five  or  thirty  years  ago,  by  a  person  who  met  with  a 
cruel  death  on  board  one  of  our  sound  steamers  (Mr.  Russell 
Jarvis),  to  prove  that  it  is  this  pestiferous  air,  not  the  exposures 
and  hardships  of  the  service,  which  make  the  sailor  grow  old 
before  his  time,  turn  his  skin  into  parchment,  and  fill  his 
system  with  the  seeds  of  typhus.  With  modern  art  appli- 
ances, and  especially  with  the  command  of  steam-power,  the 
air  might  be  nearly  as  pure  in  the  hold  of  a  vessel  as  it  is  on 
the  broad  ocean  upon  which  it  floats.  Instead  of  this,  when 
the  sailor  goes  below,  he  enters  an  atmosphere  exhaled  from 
bilge-water  and  tar.  His  fare  is  too  often  coarse  and  in- 
digestible, and  in  cold  weather  he  has  very  inadequate  means 
of  keeping  himself  clean,  or  warm,  or  dry.  This  is  apart  from 
all  extraordinary  hardships  and  sufferings  ;  it  is  the  normal 
existence  of  the  sailor,  whose  "home  is  on  the  deep"; —  a 
residence  which,  as  far  as  health  and  comfort  are  concerned, 
figures  to  much  greater  advantage  in  Campbell's  stirring 
lyric  than  in  the  hard  reality  of  life. 

As  to  the  terrible  casualties  and  hardships  of  the  sailor's 
life,  the  wintry  gale  on  a  lee-shore,  the  encounter  with  an  ice- 
berg, fire  in  the  hold  of  a  ship  laden  with  combustible  mate- 
rials, a  collision  which  sends  one  or  both  vessels  to  the  bottom 
with  hundreds  of  passengers,  the  sufferings  of  the  surviving 
victims  of  these  various  disasters,  exposed  for  days,  sometimes 
weeks,  crowded  together,  in  open  boats,  without  food  or 
water,  driven  at  last  by  hunger  to  extremities  which  it  makes 


734  THE    SAILORS'    HOME. 

the  flesh  creep  to  think  of,  on  these  terrible  calamities  in  the 
sailor's  life,  —  of  none  too  rare  occurrence,  —  I  forbear  to 
dwell. 

And  now  what  reception  awaits  poor  Jack,  when,  having 
lived  through  the  hardships  and  escaped  the  dangers  of  his 
calling,  he  reaches  land  ?  Is  he  at  last  rewarded  for  his 
sufferings  by  the  comforts  of  a  virtuous  fireside,  and  a  happy, 
well-ordered,  however  humble,  home  ?  Sometimes  he  is. 
Perhaps  for  one  in  ten  such  a  welcome  is  reserved,  beneath  a 
roof  which  he  can  call  his  own,  or  in  some  charitable  retreat, 
public  or  private.  Nine  times  out  of  ten  the  case  is  far  differ- 
ent. The  devils,  whose  name  is  legion,  are  lying  in  wait  for 
him.  If  he  arrives  in  a  merchant  ship,  before  the  sails  are 
furled,  one  of  them,  with  a  bottle  of  rum  in  his  pocket,  is  on 
board.  He  lands,  or  is  paid  off  from  a  man-of-war,  and  then 
it  seems  as  if  there  was  no  eye  to  pity  and  no  arm  on  earth 
to  save  him.  He  must  have  a  night's  lodging ;  he  can't  go 
to  the  Parker  House  or  the  Revere.  Already  heated  with 
liquor,  to  which  happily  he  has  long  been  unaccustomed  on 
shipboard,  the  evil  spirits  who  have  him  in  their  clutches 
take  care  that  he  shall  not  find  his  way  to  a  temperance 
boarding-house  or  the  mariners'  home,  and  he  falls  of  neces- 
sity into  the  hands  of  a  "  landlord."  Once  there,  his  fate  is 
sealed, — more  liquor,  often  drugged,  —  consequent  stupefac- 
tion, —  plunder,  —  temptation  in  still  more  deadly  forms,  till, 
his  money  spent,  his  spirit  broken,  his  health  perhaps  ruined 
for  life,  he  is  reduced  in  a  few  weeks,  perhaps  in  a  few  days, 
to  the  cruel  necessity  of  embarking  on  another  voyage,  penni- 
less, friendless,  and  desperate. 

"  His  own  fault,"  you  cry  ;  "  why  did  n't  he  do  better  ?  " 
It  is  not  wholly  his  own  fault ;  it  is  partly  yours  ;  you  fur- 
nished him  no  means,  no  encouragement  to  do  better.  Who 
takes  any  interest  in  poor  Jack?  O  yes,  when  he  comes 
home  crowned  with  a  glorious  victory,  like  the  brave  boys  of 
the  Kearsarge,  you  make  the  heavens  ring  with  your  cheers  of 
welcome,  but  what  do  you  do  systematically  and  effectually 
for  the  protection  of  the  seaman  against  the  frauds  and  cruel- 
ties I  have  described  ?     Jack,  you  must   remember,  did  n't 


THE    SAILORS'    HOME.  735 

have  your  advantages  of  moral  education  in  early  life.  He 
was  an  orphan,  or  born  to  poverty  from  the  cradle  ;  or  he  had 
a  cheerless  home,  and,  after  a  world  of  hardship  weighing 
heavily  upon  his  young  heart,  he  was  driven  to  the  sea  for  a 
living.  Or  he  was  a  trifle  wild  and  reckless ;  did  n't  live  up 
to  the  deacon,  his  father's,  standard  of  morality  ;  was  the 
plague,  and  yet  the  darling,  of  his  mother;  the  despot,  but 
the  favorite,  of  the  village  boys  ;  the  torment  and  delight  of 
the  village  girls  ;  a  wayward,  mischievous,  thoughtless,  kind- 
hearted  youth.  He  was  regularly  flogged  by  the  school- 
master both  parts  of  the  day,  and  twice  on  Wednesday  and 
Saturday  mornings,  because  the  school  did  n't  keep  in  the 
afternoon ;  till,  one  day,  having  clenched  the  master  (who 
came  off  second-best  in  the  struggle),  while  this  agreeable  op- 
eration was  going  on,  and,  the  night  after,  having  adopted 
rather  an  irregular  method  of  preventing  the  Squire's  favorite 
pear-tree  from  breaking  down  under  the  weight  of  its  fruit, 
he  found  it  advisable  in  the  morning  to  run  away  and  go  to 
sea.  He  was  froward,  but  not  depraved ;  wild,  but  neither 
malignant  nor  desperate.  He  would  not  do  a  mean  thing 
for  the  world.  He  needs  restraint,  —  to  be  led  by  the  rough 
road  of  wholesome  discipline,  but  not  to  be  trampled  down 
into  the  mud  of  iniquity  and  despair.  On  shipboard  he  does 
nobly  ;  it  is  n't  a  bad  school.  Removed  from  temptation ; 
kept  to  constant  and  regular,  not  severe  labor,  under  a  kind 
commander ;  true  as  steel  and  brave  as  a  lion  in  the  hour  of 
danger ;  with  opportunities,  as  he  sits  listlessly  on  deck  in  his 
night  watches,  looking  into  the  depths  of  the  sky,  to  think  of 
the  father,  the  mother,  the  sister  whom  he  left  weeping  over 
his  waywardness,  at  home,  there  is  no  reason  why  he  should 
not  go  back  to  be  its  comfort  and  prop,  and  return  from  each 
successive  voyage  to  make  the  hearts  of  those  he  loves  dance 
with  joy.  Many  a  homesick  sigh  mingles  with  the  gale  that 
bends  the  topmast ;  many  a  virtuous  resolution  responds  to 
the  harsh  cry  that  calls  the  poor  fellow,  hardly  turned  in 
from  his  night-watch,  drenched,  frozen,  stiff,  and  sore,  from  his 
hammock  to  the  shrouds,  in  a  wintry  storm.  But  all  his 
good   resolutions   are  vain.     The   Devil's  sentinel  is  on   the 


736  THE    SAILORS'    HOME. 

watch  for  him  when  he  lands.  A  wretch  that  picks  his  meat 
out  of  the  poverty,  disease,  and  suffering  of  the  sailor  lies  in 
wait  for  him,  carries  a  poison  in  his  pocket  with  which  he 
stupefies  his  senses  till  he  gets  him  into  his  power,  and  then 
plunders  him  at  leisure;  strips  him  naked,  and  crowds  him 
off  to  sea. 

Do  you  ask  why  he  does  not  at  once  go  home?  Home? 
In  half  the  cases  he  never  had  a  home.  Half  the  time  poor 
Jack  was  the  orphan  son  of  a  widowed  mother  :  — 

"  Cold  on  Canadian  hills  or  Mexic's  plain, 
Perhaps  that  mother  mourned  her  soldier  slain  ; 
Wept  o'er  her  babe,  her  eye  dissolved  in  dew, 
The  big  drops  mingling  with  the  milk  he  drew, 
Gave  the  sad  presage  of  his  future  years,  — 
The  child  of  misery  baptized  in  tears." 

Why  don't  he  go  home  ?  He  had  a  home  once ;  not  a 
very  happy  one.  He  left  it  a  wild,  thoughtless  boy.  He  has 
toiled  in  your  service  till  his  bones  are  pried  out  of  their 
sockets  with  rheumatism  ;  till  his  iron  muscles  are  melted  to 
an  infant's  softness  by  the  scurvy  ;  he  has  perilled  his  life  for 
his  country  under  Porter,  and  Farragut,  and  Winslow.  His 
father  and  mother  are  at  home  in  the  churchyard  ;  his  brothers 
and  sisters  scattered  to  the  four  winds;  he  has  no  home. 
The  foxes  have  holes,  the  birds  of  the  air  have  nests,  but 
poor  Jack  has  not  where  to  lay  his  head;  and  now,  dear 
friends,  brethren,  sisters  ever  foremost  in  deeds  of  Christian 
charity,  let  me  beseech  you,  for  the  love  of  Him  whose  words 
I  have  dared  to  use,  —  words  over  which  eighteen  centuries 
have  wept  tears  of  reverent  sympathy,  —  let  me  adjure  you 
by  the  love  of  Him,  who  though  he  was  rich,  yet  for  our 
sakes  became  poor,  to  help  these  noble  women,  by  your 
bounty,  to  give  poor  Jack,  what  he  most  greatly  needs,  what 
he  most  rarely  enjoys,  —  a  virtuous,  comfortable  home. 


RECEPTION   OF   CAPTAIN  WINSLOW.* 


Mr.  Mayor:  — 

I  congratulate  you  on  this  most  joyful  occasion.  I  am 
sure  the  doors  of  Faneuil  Hall  were  never  opened  to  guests 
more  cordially  welcome  than  Captain  Winslow,  his  officers, 
and  men  ;  and  we  heartily  thank  him  for  giving  us  the  oppor- 
tunity of  being  the  first  to  pay  him  these  personal  honors. 
We  claim  precedence,  however,  only  in  point  of  time.  What- 
ever port  he  may  enter,  wherever  he  may  set  foot  on  Amer- 
ican soil,  he  and  his  brave  brother-officers  and  men  are  sure 
to  meet  the  same  enthusiastic  welcome.  And  you,  men,  if, 
in  this  changeful  world,  any  of  you  should  get  a  little  hard 
up,  just  say  "  Kearsarge,"  and  every  hand  and  every  heart 
will  be  open  to  you. 

The  annals  of  the  war  are  crowded  with  incidents  that  fill 
the  patriotic  heart  with  gladness,  but  not  one  hailed  with 
greater  satisfaction  than  the  exploit  of  Captain  Winslow. 
It  had  in  it  all  the  qualities  which  the  conscience  approves, 
the  patriotic  heart  honors,  or  which  a  loyal  taste  admires. 
A  good  judge  of  such  things,  Captain  Worden,  of  the 
Monitor,  said  to  me  yesterday,  "  It  was  a  beautiful  battle." 
In  the  triumph  of  our  armies  in  the  field,  the  joy  we  feel  is 
sobered  by  reflecting  that  our  victories  are  gained  over  our 
countrymen,  whose  masses  are  controlled  by  ambitious  lead- 
ers, wielding  the  power  of  a  military  reign  of  terror.  There 
is  not  the  least  doubt  that  the  great  majority  of  the  virtuous 
and  substantial  population  of  the  South  loathe  the  war  and 
long  for  peace.     But  no   regret  mingles  with  our  joy  at  the 

*  Remarks  at  the  public  reception  of  Captain  J.  A.  Winslow  and  the  offi- 
cers and  seamen  of  the  Kearsarge  in  Faneuil  Hall,  10th  November,  1864. 

vol.  iv.  47 


738  RECEPTION    OF    CAPTAIN    WINSLOW. 

destruction  of  the  Alabama.  She  was,  by  the  definition  of 
Semmes  himself,  a  pirate ;  built,  equipped,  and  prepared  for 
armament,  in  a  neutral  country  ;  her  armament  prepared  in 
like  manner,  and  by  a  paltry  evasion  of  the  law,  sent  out  to 
be  put  on  board  abroad,  all  in  equal  defiance  of  the  law  of 
England  and  the  law  of  nations.  She  was  thus  built  by  a 
wretch,  —  he  deserves  no  milder  name,  —  who  was  willing  to 
imperil  the  peace  of  two  kindred  nations  and  of  the  civilized 
world,  for  the  miserable  gains  of  his  ship-yard.  Her  crew 
were  nearly  all  foreigners,  without  interest  in  the  cause  they 
served,  engaging  only  for  pay,  stickling  for  wages,  as  Semmes 
tells  us  in  his  journal ;  and  she  was  commanded  by  a  traitor 
to  his  country,  who,  in  violation  not  merely  of  his  duty  as  a 
citizen,  and  of  his  oath  as  an  officer,  but  of  the  generous  in- 
stincts of  his  profession,  was  embarked  in  a  contemptible 
warfare  against  unarmed  merchantmen  and  whalers,  with 
circumstances  of  treacherous  barbarity,  fit  only  for  heathen 
savages ;  I  allude  to  the  burning  of  his  prizes  at  night  to 
decoy  other  vessels  into  his  clutches.  To  meet  this  pirate,  so 
built,  manned,  and  commanded;  to  meet  her  in  the  British 
Channel,  within  sight  of  the  shores  of  France,  almost  with- 
in sight  of  that  of  England,  from  which  she  went  forth ;  to 
meet  her  equal-handed  and  with  no  superiority  of  force  of 
the  slightest  account ;  there  to  inaugurate  a  new  era  in  na- 
val warfare ;  and  in  a  short,  sharp,  decisive  action,  send  the 
pirate  to  the  bottom,  —  this  was  truly  doing  the  Lord's  work 
on  the  Lord's  day.  It  is  an  incident  in  which  there  is  abso- 
lutely nothing  to  abate  our  satisfaction  and  joy,  —  save  our 
sorrow  at  the  loss  of  one  brave  fellow  mortally  wounded, 
Gowan,  who  survived  but  seven  days.  There  were  two  oth- 
ers seriously  wounded,  —  I  believe  they  are  present,  —  I  hope 
they  will  step  out,  and  let  the  audience  pay  them  the  honor 
they  deserve. 

[Here  the  two  men,  James  Macbeth  and  John  W.  Demp- 
sey,  each  of  whom  lost  an  arm,  and  one  of  whom  bore  a 
battle  flag,  stepped  to  the  front,  and  were  enthusiastically 
cheered.] 

In  ancient  times  it  was  the  custom,  in  the  vast  amphithe- 


RECETTION    OF    CAPTAIN    WINSLOW.  739 

atres  and  circuses,  where  half  a  million  of  men  could  be  seated, 
to  lay  the  arena  under  water  and  there  exhibit,  —  I  cannot 
say  mock-fights,  for  they  were  real  combats  of  gladiators,  sacri- 
ficing themselves  for  the  amusement  of  their  cruel  masters. 
But  what  were  these  stupendous  spectacles  compared  with 
this  illustrious  combat  in  the  central  waters  of  the  civilized 
world,  with  emperors,  kings,  and  nations  for  the  spectators, 
and  the  honor  and  the  cause  of  the  country  for  the  prize ! 

There  is  one  other  cause  of  regret,  namely,  that  any  one 
claiming  the  name  of  an  English  gentleman  should  humiliate 
himself  to  make  his  yacht  a  tender  to  the  pirate,  and  rescue 
him  from  the  power  of  his  noble  conqueror,  and  that  English 
noblemen  and  gentlemen  should  be  eager  to  crown  with  sham 
honors  a  person  who,  by  the  law  of  England  and  of  every 
other  civilized  country,  would  have  expiated  his  treason 
on  the  block.  We  are  told  by  English  journals,  that  the 
battery  of  the  Alabama  was  fought  by  skilful  gunners  from 
the  Royal  practice-ship,  the  "  Excellent."  If  it  was  so,  Cap- 
tain Winslow  might  well  say,  with  St  Paul,  "  and  yet  shew 
I  unto  you  a  more  excellent  way." 

But  in  one  thing  I  am  disposed  to  call  Captain  "Winslow 
to  account.  In  some  remarks  made  by  him  at  Roxbury,  the 
other  day,  he  is  reported  as  saying  he  was  a  "  Southerner." 
Now  I  should  like  to  be  informed  how  he  knows  that.  I 
think  I  can  prove  the  contrary.  I  have  looked  into  the  Navy 
Register  for  1864,  published  by  authority,  its  accuracy  never 
impeached,  and  I  find  Captain  J.  A.  Winslow  entered  as  "  a 
citizen  of  Massachusetts."  Don't  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy 
know  where  the  men  in  his  employ  belong?  Sir,  the  doc- 
trine of  State  rights  is  often  pushed  too  far,  but  every  State 
has  a  right  to  the  good  name  of  its  citizens,  and  I  am  not 
going  to  give  up  my  share  of  Captain  Winslow.  Then  I  've 
heard  that  he  entered  the  service  on  the  recommendation  of 
Daniel  Webster.  I  hope  that  is  the  case.  Mr.  Webster  did 
great  things  for  the  good  of  the  country,  but  never  one  better 
than  that.  Mr.  Webster  was  a  man  of  comprehensive  patri- 
otism. He  loved  his  whole  country,  East,  West,  North,  and 
South ;  but  as  the  midshipmen  and  cadets  at  West  Point  are 


740  RECEPTION    OF    CAPTAIN    WINSLOW. 

appointed  by  the  members  of  Congress,  in  rotation  from 
their  districts,  I  can 't  believe  Mr.  Webster  would  have  asked 
a  warrant  for  a  Southerner.  And  then  the  name,  —  who  ever 
heard  of  any  one  by  the  name  of  Winslow  being  anything 
but  a  New-Englander?  Why,  sir,  Captain  Winslow  is 
descended  straight  from  Edward  Winslow,  the  third  name 
on  the  list  of  the  signers  of  the  Mayflower  compact,  Gov- 
ernor of  Plymouth,  first  patentee  of  Green  Harbor,  which 
after  passing  through  four  or  five  generations  of  a  distinguished 
posterity,  came  into  the  possession  of  Mr.  Webster  and  now 
holds  his  ashes.  Don't  tell  me  about  the  descendant  of  such 
an  ancestor  being  a  Southerner. 

Only  one  thing  more,  Mr.  Mayor.  We  often  hear  that  the 
characteristic  qualities  of  an  ancestor  crop  out,  so  to  say,  in  a 
remote  posterity.  Edward  Winslow  was  much  confided  in 
by  Cromwell,  and  though  not  a  naval  officer,  he  had  such 
aptitude  for  naval  affairs,  that  Cromwell  sent  him,  as  one  of 
the  three  advising  commissioners  that  accompanied  Admiral 
Penn  (the  father  of  our  William  Penn)  to  the  West  Indies 
in  1655.  That  expedition  gave  the  island  of  Jamaica  to 
England.  No  doubt  Edward  Winslow's  counsels  contributed 
to  its  success,  and  if  he  could  only  have  taken  with  him  such 
a  ship  as  the  Kearsarge,  with  a  few  eleven-inch  Dahlgrens,  with 
an  officer  like  his  great-great-grandson  to  command  her,  and 
a  ship's  company  like  that  we  have  the  happiness  to  welcome 
to  Faneuil  Hall,  he  would  have  made  much  shorter  work  of 
his  conquest. 


PRESIDENT  LINCOLN* 


In  response  to  the  toast,  — 

"The  President  of  the  United  States,  —  Called  for  the  second  time  to 
the  most  exalted  office  in  the  gift  of  the  people,  may  he  so  administer 
the  high  trust  as  to  receive  the  support  of  the  whole  country,  and 
restore  to  the  Union  the  blessings  of  a  speedy,  honorable,  and  lasting 
peace,"  — 

Mr.  Everett  rose,  and  said  :  — 

Mr.  Chairman:  I  am  highly  complimented  by  being  called 
upon  to  respond  to  the  toast  in  honor  of  the  President  of 
the  United  States.  Having  already  had  an  opportunity  in 
Faneuil  Hall  of  paying  a  grateful  tribute  of  respect  to  Captain 
Winslow  and  his  gallant  associates,  I  shall  leave  this  noble 
topic  to  the  gentlemen  who  will  follow  me,  and  who  are  so 
well  able  to  do  it  justice,  and  confine  myself  to  the  specific 
duty  which  you  have  assigned  me.  The  toast  is  certainly 
one  which  I  am  sure  will  be  welcomed  by  every  gentleman 
at  the  table,  whatever  differences  of  political  opinion  may 
prevail  here.  You  pay  this  mark  of  respect  to  the  President, 
not  as  the  successful  candidate,  after  a  severely  contested 
election,  but  as  the  constitutional  head  of  the  government  of 
the  country,  the  Supreme  Executive  officer  of  the  United 
States,  the  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  army  and  navy,  and 
the  personal  representative  of  the  people  in  the  family  of 
nations.  In  the  honors  you  pay  to  the  President,  you  honor 
yourselves  ;  it  is  a  becoming  mark  of  respect,  on  the  part  of 
a  people,  thus  to  recognize  the  object  of  the  people's  choice. 

*  Remarks  at  the  dinner  to  Captain  Winslow  and  the  officers  of  the  Kear- 
sarge,  in  the  Revere  House,  15th  November,  1864. 


742  PKESIDENT    LINCOLN. 

This  remark  of  respect  is  never  withheld  from  the  Head  of 
the  Government  in  England.  Not  only  at  home  in  Great 
Britain,  but  in  the  world-encompassing  circuit  of  her  do- 
minions, wherever  a  festive  entertainment  is  held,  the  health 
of  the  Queen  is 

"  In  their  flowing  cups  freshly  remembered." 

It  would  be  unbecoming  indeed,  if  honors  cheerfully  paid, 
irrespective  of  party,  to  an  hereditary  sovereign,  were  withheld 
from  the  chief  magistrate  of  a  great  republic,  elevated  to  that 
position  by  the  choice  of  the  people.  The  sovereign  who 
rules  by  the  right  of  birth  has  come  into  the  world  like  the 
meanest  of  his  subjects  ;  but  a  civic  act  like  that  of  this  day- 
week,  by  which  twenty-two  millions  of  freemen,  citizens  of 
twenty-two  States,  associated  in  one  great  republican  Union, 
established  over  a  territory  as  vast  as  Europe,  have  assembled, 
on  an  appointed  day,  in  their  respective  towns,  cities,  and 
villages,  after  an  ardent  canvass,  with  all  the  excitements  of 
a  civil  war  kindling  throughout  the  country,  and  without 
tumult,  violence,  or  the  display  of  military  force,  have  elected 
the  constitutional  head  of  the  state,  is  a  spectacle  of  moral 
sublimity  not  surpassed  in  the  annals  of  the  world  ! 

Mr.  Chairman,  I  do  not  agree  with  those  who  maintain 
that  the  idea  of  loyalty  has  no  place  in  a  republic.  I  regard 
it,  on  the  contrary,  as  one  of  the  elements  of  the  patriotic 
sentiment,  which  surely  ought  to  prevail  with  augmented 
force  on  the  part  of  the  citizens  of  a  state  where  all  govern- 
ment ultimately  rests  on  popular  choice.  Loyalty,  in  fact, 
in  its  primitive  meaning,  is  fealty  to  the  law,  and  as  such 
surely  carries  with  it,  as  a  necessary  consequence,  the  duty 
of  becoming  respect,  in  their  several  degrees,  to  those  who,  on 
behalf  of  the  people,  make,  administer,  and  execute  the  law. 
On  any  other  principle,  it  would  follow,  that  the  marks  of 
respect  paid  to  a  European  king  and  queen  were  paid,  not  to 
the  office,  but  to  the  person  of  the  individual.  Now,  though 
at  the  present  time  the  throne  of  England  is  filled  by  a  sov- 
ereign lady,  who,  by  all  the  womanly  not  less  than  all  the 
queenly  virtues,  is  also  enthroned  in  the  hearts  of  her  subjects, 


PRESIDENT    LINCOLN.  743 

Mr.  Thackeray's  lectures  on  the  four  Georges  are  too  well 
remembered  not  to  prove,  either  that  loyalty  is  not  a  senti- 
ment which  mainly  regards  the  person  of  the  sovereign,  or,  if 
it  is,  that  public  sentiment  in  England  during  four  successive 
reigns,  —  to  go  no  further  back,  —  must  have  been  strangely 
misdirected. 

But  I  would  not  have  it  inferred,  from  these  remarks,  that 
the  President  of  the  United  States,  in  whose  honor  you  have 
proposed  the  toast  to  which  you  have  called  me  to  respond, 
is  entitled  to  this  mark  of  respect  only  in  his  official  capacity. 
Now  that  the  struggle  is  past,  I  am  sure  that  no  liberal- 
minded  person,  however  opposed  to  him  politically  (and  you 
know,  sir,  that  I  belong  to  "  the  President's  opposition  ")  will 
be  unwilling  that,  in  performing  the  duty  you  have  devolved 
upon  me,  I  should  say  that  I  recognize  in  him  a  full  measure 
of  the  qualities  which  entitle  him  to  the  personal  respect  of 
the  people,  who  have  just  given  him  a  proof  of  their  con- 
fidence, not  extended  to  any  of  his  predecessors  in  this  genera- 
tion. It  is  no  small  proof  of  this  that  he  has  passed  through 
the  fiery  ordeal  of  the  recent  canvass,  and  stood  the  storm  of 
detraction  from  hundreds  of  vigorous  and  hostile  presses,  and 
had  so  little  said  against  him  (I  speak  now  of  personal  quali- 
ties) which  deserves  even  an  answer.  There  is  no  one  of  his 
predecessors,  not  even  Washington,  of  whom  as  many  and  as 
reproachful  things  have  not  been  said,  unless  perhaps  it  be 
Mr.  Monroe,  who  had  the  happiness  to  fall  upon  "  the  era  of 
good  feeling,"  and  who  was,  in  no  one  quality,  either  as  a 
man  or  a  President,  superior  to  Mr.  Lincoln.  The  President 
gave  ample  proof  of  his  intellectual  capacity,  when  he  con- 
tested a  seat  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States  with  Judge 
Douglas.  When  I  sat  in  the  Senate  with  Judge  Douglas,  I 
thought  him,  for  business  and  debate,  the  equal  of  the  ablest 
in  that  body ;  but  his  speeches  in  the  senatorial  canvass  were 
in  no  respect  superior  to  Mr.  Lincoln's.  I  believe  the  Presi- 
dent to  be  entirely  conscientious  in  the  discharge  of  his  high 
trust ;  and  that,  under  circumstances  of  unparalleled  diffi- 
culty, he  has  administered  the  government  with  the  deepest 
sense  of  responsibility  to  his  country  and  his   God.     He  is 


744  PRESIDENT    LINCOLN. 

eminently  kind-hearted.  I  am  sure  he  spoke  the  truth,  the 
other  day,  when  he  said  that  he  had  never  willingly  planted  a 
thorn  in  any  man's  bosom.  He  is  one  of  the  most  laborious 
and  indefatigable  men  in  the  country  ;  and  that  he  has  been 
able  to  sustain  himself  under  as  great  a  load  of  care  as  was 
ever  laid  upon  the  head  or  the  heart  of  a  living  man  is  in  no 
small  degree  owing  to  the  fact  that  the  vindictive  and  angry 
passions  form  no  part  of  his  nature,  and  that  a  kindly  and 
playful  spirit  mingles  its  sweetness  with  the  austere  cup  of 
public  duty. 

It  may  seem  hardly  worth  while  to  notice  the  descriptions 
which  represent  the  President  as  a  person  of  uncouth  appear- 
ance and  manners.  But  as  Mr.  Burke  did  not  think  it  out 
of  place,  in  the  most  magnificent  discourse  in  the  English 
language,  to  comment  on  the  appearance,  manners,  and  con- 
versation of  the  exiled  French  princes,  I  will  take  the  liberty 
to  say  that,  on  the  only  social  occasion  on  which  I  ever  had 
the  honor  to  be  in  the  President's  company,  namely,  the  com- 
memoration of  Gettysburg,  he  sat  at  table  at  the  house  of 
my  friend  David  Wills,  Esq.,  by  the  side  of  several  distin- 
guished persons,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  foreigners  and  Amer- 
icans, among  them  the  French  Minister  at  Washington,  since 
appointed  French  Ambassador  at  Madrid,  and  the  Admiral  of 
the  French  fleet,  and  that  in  gentlemanly  appearance,  man- 
ners, and  conversation  he  was  the  peer  of  any  man  at  the 
table. 

The  most  important  objection  urged  against  Mr.  Lincoln 
is  that  personally  he  lacks  fixedness  of  purpose,  and  that  his 
Cabinet  and  administration  have  wanted  unity  of  counsel.  I 
think  I  shall  offend  no  candid  opponent  (I  certainly  am  no 
partisan  myself)  if  I  remind  you,  that  precisely  the  same 
charge,  on  the  same  grounds,  might  be  brought  against  Gen- 
eral Washington  and  his  administration.  Under  circum- 
stances vastly  less  embarrassing,  he  placed  in  his  Cabinet,  and 
kept  there,  as  long  as  they  could  be  induced  to  stay,  the  two 
political  leaders  (Jefferson  and  Hamilton)  not  merely  of  differ- 
ent wings  of  the  same  political  connection,  but  the  heads  of 
two  radically  opposite  parties.     Mr.  Monroe,  though  elected 


PRESIDENT    LINCOLN.  745 

himself  by  an  almost  unanimous  vote,  allowed  his  Cabinet  to 
contain  three  rival  candidates  for  the  succession,  who  differed 
radically  on  almost  every  public  question.  It  rarely  happens 
in  popular  government  that  any  other  course  is  practicable  in 
difficult  times.  In  England,  where  the  theory  and  practice 
of  parliamentary  government  have  been  maturing  for  ages, 
there  has  seldom  been  a  cabinet  in  which  the  same  dissidence 
has  not  existed.  It  does  at  the  present  time  in  the  cabinet  of 
Lord  Palmerston. 

At  any  rate,  our  friends  of  the  party  opposed  to  Mr.  Lin- 
coln, at  the  late  election,  must  exercise  some  charity  toward 
him  in  this  respect.  It  was  made  up  of  two  wings  enter- 
taining diametrically  opposite  views  of  the  policy  which 
ought  to  be  pursued  in  the  present  difficult  crisis  of  affairs, 
and  no  little  strategical  skill  was  required  to  produce  even  a 
show  of  unity  sufficient  for  the  purposes  of  the  election. 

But  I  forbear.  The  election,  in  all  but  its  formalities,  is 
decided.  It  is  due  to  both  parties  to  say  that  they  accept 
the  result  —  the  one  its  defeat  and  the  other  its  victory  — 
with  moderation  and  equanimity.  It  is  in  this  spirit  alone 
that  our  common  country  can  be  carried  through  its  great 
trial.  The  last  hope  of  the  hostile  leaders  is  in  our  divisions. 
With  sure  indications  of  a  cordial  union  on  our  part,  "  down 
their  idle  weapons  will  drop,"  or  be  wrested  from  their  hands 
by  the  indignant  and  weary  masses  whom  they  have  betrayed 
into  this  desolating  war. 

Let  us  then,  Mr.  Chairman,  study  the  things  that  make  for 
peace,  in  the  first  instance  with  each  other,  as  the  surest 
means  of  an  honorable  and  a  lasting  peace  with  our  deluded 
countrymen.  It  rejoiced  my  heart  the  other  evening,  at  the 
opening  of  the  Fair,  to  be  followed  on  the  platform  by  my 
life-long  friend  Winthrop,  who  filled  the  same  place  on  the 
unsuccessful  electoral  ticket  that  I  do  in  that  which  has  pre- 
vailed, and  whose  admirable  speech  commanded  the  entire 
sympathy  of  the  audience.  A  fair  appeal  has  been  made  to 
the  people,  to  which  they  have  responded  in  terms  not  to  be 
mistaken.  Let  the  successful  party  continue  to  abstain  from 
all  unkindly  exultation,  and  the  defeated  from  all  bitter  par- 


746  PRESIDENT    LINCOLN. 

tisan  warfare.  General  Grant  has  declared  that  the  late 
election  is  worth  a  pitched  battle,  not  surely  because  it  is  a 
party  triumph,  but  because  it  is  the  trumpet  tone  of  the 
people's  voice,  affirming  the  immortal  maxim  of  General 
Jackson,  that  the  Union  must  and  shall  be  preserved.  Let 
our  brave  officers,  seamen,  and  soldiers,  on  the  land  and  on 
the  sea,  feel  that  they  are  striking,  not  for  this  or  that  man, 
for  this  or  that  party,  but  for  the  whole  country ;  and  when 
our  gallant  guests,  who  now  honor  us  with  their  company, 
go  forth  again  to  other  conflicts  and  other  triumphs,  let  them 
go  with  the  assurance  that  they  carry  with  them  the  hearts 
of  a  United  People. 


MASSACHUSETTS   ELECTORAL   COLLEGE   OF 

1864* 


Gentlemen  of  the  Electoral  College:  — 

I  receive  the  resolution  you  have  just  been  pleased  to 
adopt  as  a  new  mark  of  your  personal  and  official  kindness, 
rendered  doubly  welcome  by  the  venerable  years  so  freshly 
and  gracefully  worn,  and  the  life-long  and  meritorious  services 
of  our  honored  associate  [Ex-Governor  Lincoln]  by  whom  it 
was  offered.  But  the  occasion  is  too  serious  for  any  further 
remarks  personal  to  myself. 

Assembled  at  this  time  in  obedience  to  the  will  of  the  peo- 
ple of  Massachusetts,  signified  by  an  almost  unprecedented 
majority,  we  have  completed,  as  far  as  this  State  is  concerned, 
the  august  act  of  the  8th  of  November  last.  In  connection 
with  the  electoral  colleges  of  our  sister  States,  we  have  this 
day  given  the  final  official  utterance  to  the  voice  and  will  of 
the  people  of  the  United  States,  expressed  in  an  election 
which,  in  many  respects,  has  no  example  in  the  history  of 
the  world.  Never  before  has  been  held  an  election  through- 
out  a  territory  like  that  which  stretches  from  the  Atlantic  to 
the  Pacific  Ocean,  organized  in  twenty-three  republican  States 
associated  in  one  federative  republican  Union,  meeting  on 
the  same  day,  in  their  respective  towns,  cities,  and  villages 
throughout  the  land, — with  such  mighty  issues  at  stake,  —  an 
election  held  after  the  agitations  of  a  strenuous  canvass, — 
amidst  the  feverous  excitement  and  under  the  heavy  burdens  of 
war,  and  that  a  civil  war,  which  has  clothed  almost  every  fam- 
ily in  the  country  in  mourning,  —  an  election  held  under  such 

*  Remarks  in  reply  to  a  vote  of  thanks  from  the  Massachusetts  Electoral 
College,  in  the  Senate  Chamber,  7th  December,  1864. 


748  MASSACHUSETTS  ELECTORAL  COLLEGE  OF  1864. 

circumstances,  without  the  display  of  military  force,  without  tu- 
mult or  violence,  without  so  much  as  a  riot  at  the  polls  which 
has  come  to  the  knowledge  of  the  public,  and  resulting  in 
the  re-election  of  the  Chief  Magistrate  of  this  imperial  de- 
mocracy,—  that  I  must  own,  in  my  judgment,  stands  without 
a  parallel  in  history  in  affairs  of  this  kind,  at  the  height  of 
the  moral  sublime. 

Nor  is  the  sequel  of  this  great  civic  act  less  grand  and 
auspicious  than  its  consummation.  A  contested  election 
certainly  does  not  often  present  a  free  country  in  the  most 
favorable  light.  From  the  asperity  of  the  canvass,  one  might 
have  anticipated,  at  its  close,  that  the  successful  party  would 
break  out  into  extravagant  exultation,  and  the  unsuccessful 
party  give  loud  vent  to  the  anger  and  bitterness  of  defeat. 

But  far  otherwise ;  with  rare  exceptions  on  the  part  of 
individuals  and  presses,  the  victors  have  evinced  a  patriotic 
moderation,  to  which  their  opponents  have  responded  by 
magnanimous  acquiescence.  We  may  therefore  reasonably 
calculate  on  the  efforts  of  good  men,  on  all  sides,  to  restore 
to  our  beloved  and  bleeding  country  the  only  thing  that  is 
now  wanting  to  put  an  end  to  this  fratricidal  war,  and  bring 
about  an  honorable  and  a  permanent  peace,  namely,  an  era  of 
good  feeling  and  "  a  determined  unity  of  sentiment "  on  the 
part  of  the  loyal  States. 

Nor  do  I  despair  of  the  success  of  these  efforts.  The  state 
of  the  country  now  is  very  similar  to  what  it  was  in  the  spring 
of  1861.  We  had  then  passed  through  a  severely  contested 
election,  in  which  four  different  electoral  tickets  had  strug- 
gled for  the  mastery.  Public  opinion  was  in  fact  more 
divided  on  that  occasion  than  on  this,  and  the  result  was 
proportionably  less  calculated  to  be  satisfactory  to  the  de- 
feated parties.  Notwithstanding  this,  at  that  fated  signal- 
gun  at  Sumter,  the  people,  forgetful  of  all  party  divisions, 
sprung  as  one  man  to  the  defence  of  the  country.  All  felt 
that  the  war  was  forced  upon  us ;  that  it  could  not  be  de- 
clined ;  all  felt  that  an  insult  too  intolerable  to  be  borne  was 
offered  to  the  national  honor  ;  that  the  attempt  to  dismember 
the  Union  of  half  its  territory,  to  give  up  the  outlets  of  its 


MASSACHUSETTS  ELECTOKAL  COLLEGE  OF  1864.  749 

inland  seas  and  of  the  mighty  rivers  that  drain  its  central 
basins,  the  fortresses  that  guard  our  shore  and  protect  our 
coasting  navigation,  to  give  them  up  not  merely  to  a  usurp- 
ing foreign  power,  but  to  half  a  dozen  separately  feeble 
States,  likely  to  be  recolonized  at  no  distant  day  by  the  Euro- 
pean governments  to  which  they  so  lately  belonged,  —  all  re- 
flecting men  felt  that  this  was  a  blow  aimed  at  the  national 
life  which  was  to  be  warded  off  and  repelled  at  all  hazards 
and  at  every  sacrifice.  This  was  the  sentiment  of  all  good 
patriots  of  whatever  party,  and  they  rallied  with  one  heart 
and  as  one  man  to  the  defence  of  the  outraged  flag  and  the 
imperilled  Union. 

But  now  came  the  great  trial  of  popular  government.  In 
the  conduct  of  a  protracted  war,  difference  of  opinion  as  to 
men  and  measures  was  necessarily  evolved.  Such  is  ever 
the  case  even  in  times  of  profoundest  peace.  What  wordy 
contests  have  we  not,  within  the  experience  of  some  of  us, 
had  upon  such  questions  as  the  Cumberland  Road,  internal 
improvements,  the  Bank  of  the  United  States,  the  Congress 
of  Panama,  the  tariff,  the  distribution  of  the  surplus  revenue, 
—  questions  some  of  them  so  obsolete,  that  this  generation 
hardly  knows  what  they  mean ;  and  yet  the  mighty  powers 
of  Webster,  Clay,  Calhoun,  and  their  associates  were  mainly 
exhausted  on  these  questions.  Half  the  pages  in  the  vol- 
umes of  their  speeches  are  filled  with  discussions,  in  which 
parliamentary  talent  is  displayed  in  its  highest  forms,  on 
subjects  which,  compared  with  the  tremendous  issues  of  the 
present  day,  are  scarcely  more  interesting  than  the  predic- 
tions of  the  weather  in  last  year's  almanac.  If  such  subjects, 
in  time  of  peace,  can  array  the  intelligent  citizens  of  a  free 
country  in  opposing  parties,  under  the  lead  of  the  giant 
minds  of  the  land,  —  if  on  issues  like  these  Presidential  can- 
didates could  be  chosen  and  defeated,  administrations  formed 
and  broken  up,  —  what  diversities  of  judgment,  what  violence 
of  dissent,  what  vehemence  of  antagonism,  what  bitterness 
of  party  opposition,  must  not  be  called  forth  by  the  exigen- 
cies of  a  war  like  that  in  which  we  are  now  engaged,  involv- 
ing questions  so  difficult,  interests  so  momentous,  forces  so 
gigantic ! 


750  MASSACHUSETTS  ELECTORAL  COLLEGE  OF  1864. 

In  this  condition  of  the  country  and  of  the  public  mind  a 
Presidential  election,  such  as  I  have  described,  had  to  be  met ; 
and  I  am  free  to  express  the  opinion  that  the  manner  in 
which  it  has  been  met,  conducted,  and  decided  reflects  as 
much  credit  on  the  community  as  any  event  in  our  history. 
The  political  storm  which  had  been  gathering  blackness  for 
a  twelvemonth  burst  upon  the  land,  and,  unlike  the  storms 
in  the  natural  world,  which  sometimes  sweep  forest  and 
cornfield  and  the  abodes  of  men  before  them,  it  has  roared 
and  passed  by,  and  left  not  a  trace  behind. 

The  tumult  of  the  elements  is  hushed ;  the  air  is  still ;  and 
if  the  clouds  are  not  wholly  scattered,  they  are  arched  all 
over  with  the  gracious  bow  of  promise.  The  noble  fabric 
of  State  stands  as  it  stood  before  the  election ;  not  a  timber 
in  the  framework  strained,  not  a  stone  in  the  foundation 
loosened.  The  rains  descended  and  the  floods  came  and  the 
winds  blew  and  beat  upon  the  house,  but  it  fell  not,  for  it 
was  founded  on  a  rock ;  yes,  upon  the  rock  of  ages ;  and 
there  neither  the  arts  of  treason,  the  arms  of  rebellion,  no, 
not  the  gates  of  hell  itself,  shall  prevail  against  it. 

Passing  as  the  country  has  unscathed  through  this  fearful 
ordeal,  coming  out  of  this  marvellous  election  with  the  kind- 
est feelings  on  the  part  of  the  triumphant  majority  toward 
the  patriotic  masses  lately  opposed  to  them,  why  should  we 
not  again,  as  one  man,  rally  to  the   support  of  the  govern- 
ment ?     There  is  now  really  but  one  question  which  divides 
those  who  hold,  in  good  faith,  that  the  military  power  of  the 
Rebellion  must  be  subdued,  and  the  Union  preserved  at  all 
hazards.     I  allude,  of  course,  to  the  policy  of  emancipation  ; 
and  will  not  our  opposing  friends  who  so  warmly  disapprove 
that  policy,  and  who  think  it  creates  an  insuperable  obstacle 
to  the  restoration  of  the  Union,  reconsider  that  opinion,  on 
perusal  of  the  remarkable  letter  of  the  second  officer  of  the 
Confederacy  written   on   the   5th   of    November,  three  days 
before  the  election,  —  a  private  letter,  but  now  published  by 
himself;  by  far  the  most  important  utterance  on  this  subject 
which   has   reached  us  from   the   South.     In  this  letter  Mr. 
Stephens  (the  ablest  civilian  in  the  Confederacy)  assigns  the 


MASSACHUSETTS   ELECTORAL   COLLEGE   OF    1864.    751 

reasons  why  he  desired  the  election  of  General  McClellan. 
In  that  event,  he  assumed  that  an  armistice  would  take  place, 
and  a  convention  of  the  States  be  held. 

If  that  body  failed  to  come  to  an  amicable  agreement,  to 
acknowledge  the  independence  of  the  South,  and  "  General 
McClellan  should  renew  the  war,  with  the  avowed  object  of 
restoring  the  Union  with  the  old  Constitution  and  all  its 
guaranties "  [which  by  his  letter  of  acceptance  he  was 
pledged  to  do],  "at  that  moment,"  says  Mr.  Stephens,  "or  as 
soon  as  possible,  our  recognition  abroad  would  come.  The 
silent  sympathy  of  England,  France,  and  other  European 
powers,  at  present  with  Lincoln,  arises  entirely  from  their 
mania  on  the  subject  of  slavery."  Here  follows  an  omission 
in  Mr.  Stephens's  letter,  made  as  he  himself  intimates  from 
public  considerations.  The  passage  omitted  no  doubt  en- 
forced the  idea  that  if  the  North  continued  the  war  in  order 
to  restore  the  Constitution  with  guaranties  of  slavery,  Eu- 
rope would  instantly  recognize  the  Confederacy  as  an  inde- 
pendent power.  Mr:  Stephens  then  proceeds  as  follows : 
"  Lincoln  had  either  to  witness  our  recognition  abroad,  the 
moral  power  of  which  alone  he  saw  would  break  down  the 
war,  or  to  make  it  an  emancipation  war.  He  chose  the 
latter  alternative,  and  the  more  readily,  because  it  chimed 
in  so  accordantly  with  the  feelings  and  views  of  his  party. 
This,  in  my  opinion,  is  the  plain  English  of  this  whole 
matter,  and  just  as  soon  as  McClellan  should  renew  the  war 
to  restore  the  Union  and  the  old  Constitution  with  slavery, 
would  England,  France,  and  the  other  European  powers 
throw  all  the  moral  power  and  influence  of  their  recogni- 
tion on  our  side.  I  am  not  certain  that  they  would  not 
go  further,  rather  than  see  the  old  Union  restored,  if  it 
should  become  necessary;  but  it  would  not  become  neces- 
sary." 

In  these  explicit  terms,  the  second  officer  of  the  Rebel 
Government,  speaking  no  doubt  on  the  strength  of  commu- 
nications from  their  agents  abroad,  and  holding  back  what 
he  deemed  it  not  prudent  to  divulge,  not  only  treats  the 
emancipation  policy  of  the  President  as  a  necessary  military 


752   MASSACHUSETTS  ELECTORAL   COLLEGE   OF   1864. 

measure,  but  maintains  that  that  alone  had  prevented  the 
great  powers  of  Europe  from  recognizing  the  independence 
of  the  South,  and  if  necessary  throwing  their  swords  into 
the  scale  to  secure  its  establishment !  May  we  not  reason- 
ably hope,  in  view  of  such  opinions  and  disclosures,  from 
such  a  quarter,  that  this  policy  will  cease  to  divide  opinion 
at  the  North,  and  that  we  shall  again,  as  in  1861,  present 
an  undivided  front  in  defence  of  the  integrity  of  the  Union  ? 
Heavy,  I  know,  is  the  burden,  costly  the  sacrifice,  grievous 
the  trial  imposed  upon  us  by  the  war.  Heaven  is  my  wit- 
ness that  I  would  willingly  have  laid  down  the  poor  rem- 
nant of  my  life  to  avert  it. 

But  it  is  plain  that  Providence  has  laid  upon  our  genera- 
tion the  solemn  duty  of  maintaining  this  august  nationality, 
and  we  have  now  to  choose  between  allowing  the  Union, 
like  mediaeval  Germany  and  Italy,  to  be  broken  up  into 
scores,  I  might  say  hundreds  of  petty  States,  involved  in 
eternal  border  wars,  wasting,  desolating,  and  barbarizing  each 
other,  and  ending  at  last  in  the  establishment  of  half  a  dozen 
military  despotisms,  or  maintaining,  at  whatever  cost  and  by 
whatever  sacrifice,  this  admirable  framework  of  government, 
the  rich  legacy  of  our  Fathers,  the  priceless  heritage  of  our 
children,  and  which,  till  this  cruel  Rebellion  had  shown  itself, 
the  happiest  device  of  human  wisdom  by  which  the  home- 
bred blessings  of  local  administration  can  be  combined  with 
the  safety  and  power  of  a  great  empire. 

Again  thanking  you,  gentlemen,  for  the  marks  of  kindness 
with  which  you  have  honored  me,  and  congratulating  you  on 
the  manner  in  which  your  duties  have  been  performed,  I  bid 
you  each  and  all  an  affectionate  farewell. 


THE  RELIEF   OF   SAVANNAH* 


Mr.  Mayor  :  — 

After  the  statements  to  which  we  have  just  listened  from 
Colonel  Allen,  the  eyewitness  of  the  scenes  he  has  described, 
I  do  not  feel  as  if  anything  I  could  say  was  wanting  to  in- 
duce the  citizens  of  Boston  to  respond  promptly  to  his  appeal. 
The  condition  of  Savannah  certainly  makes  an  imperative 
appeal  to  our  best  feelings.  It  contains  twenty  thousand  men, 
women,  and  children,  suffering  to  a  greater  or  less  degree  for 
clothing,  fuel,  and  food.  Their  careworn  looks,  their  haggard 
faces,  their  emaciated  frames,  as  described  by  Colonel  Allen, 
bear  witness  that  they  have  long  been  in  this  condition. 
General  Sherman  having  escaped  into  the  city,  and  General 
Hardee  having  escaped  out  of  it,  the  authority  of  the  United 
States  has  been  restored  in  this  principal  seaport  of  Georgia, 
and  cheerfully  accepted,  nay,  joyfully  welcomed,  by  the  main 
body  of  the  inhabitants. 

There  can,  I  think,  be  no  doubt  of  the  last  fact.  At  the 
great  public  meeting  convened  by  the  mayor,  —  a  meeting  of 
all  classes  of  citizens,  held  in  the  'Masonic  Hall,  the  largest 
in  the  city,  —  after  the  address  of  the  mayor,  which  has  been 
generally  copied  into  our  papers,  the  resolutions,  which  have 
also  been  extensively  inserted  in  our  journals,  were  passed  by 
acclamation,  the  allusions  to  the  flag  of  the  United  States 
and  to  the  home  of  the  President  being  received  with  hearty 
cheers.  Now  this  I  consider  one  of  the  most  remarkable  and 
encouraging  events  of  the  war.  It  proves  what  I  have  always 
asserted,  because   I  have  always  known,  that  there  was  a 

*  Remarks  at  a  public  meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall  in  aid  of  the  suffering 
people  of  Savannah,  9th  January,  1865. 
VOL..    IV.  48 


754  THE    RELIEF    OF    SAVANNAH. 

wide-spread  Union   sentiment  at  the  South.     There  is  not 
one  of  the  Southern  States,  with  the  exception   of   South 
Carolina,  —  and  I  doubt  even  that,  —  in  which,  if  the  ques- 
tion had  been  thrown  to  a  popular  vote,  after  a  full  and  free 
discussion  for  a  year  and  three  quarters,  as  was  the  case  with 
the  Constitution  framed  in  1787,  the  first  blow  of  the  Rebellion 
could  ever  have  been  struck.     But  long  before  the  outbreak 
a  system  of  political  proscription  and  intimidation,  enforced 
when  necessary  by  acts  of  violence,  had  established  a  com- 
plete reign  of  terror ;  so  that  when  the  time  came,  the  masses 
were  "precipitated"   by  a  few  disappointed  and  ambitious 
political    and  military    leaders    into    the    Rebellion.     Gladly 
would  they  have  thrown  off  the  yoke,  but  the  means  that 
placed  it  have  riveted  it  on  their  necks.     All  history  teaches 
how  small  a  military  power   suffices   to  hold  an    unarmed 
population  in  subjection.     With  all  their  able-bodied  men,  of 
whatever  opinion,  forced  into  the  army,  and  the  pains  and 
penalties  of  treason  visited  on  every  one  who  manifests,  in 
word  or  deed,  a  wish  for  the  restoration  of  the   Union,  it  is 
not  to  be  wondered  at  that  an  open  expression  of  that  senti- 
ment has  not  taken  place.     Considering  the  vicissitudes  of 
the  war,  and  the  possibility  (as  it  may  seem  to  them)  that 
the  Confederate  yoke  may  again  be  placed  upon  their  city, 
though  we  well  know  that  that  event  will  take  place  when 
the  Savannah  River  runs  up  hill,  I  rather  wonder  that  her 
citizens  have  even  now  taken  the  step  they  have.     It  is  evi- 
dently a  fair  expression  of  the  sentiment  of  the  city.     The 
meeting  was  called  by  the  mayor,  at  the  request  of  leading- 
citizens;  none  of  General  Sherman's  army,  officers  or  men, 
were  present ;  sentinels  were  placed  at  the  door  to  keep  the 
soldiers  out,  and  none  in  fact  were  admitted.      There  have 
been    other    manifestations    equally  expressive   of  good-will 
between  the  people  of   Savannah  and    General    Sherman's 
army.     The  best  understanding  exists  between  the  military 
and   local   authorities;    private    property   is   respected;    the 
officers  of  the  army  are  gladly  received  as  private  boarders  in 
the  families  of  the  citizens ;  and  there  is  not  probably  in  the 
United  States,  at  this  moment,  a  better  governed  or  more 


THE    RELIEF    OF    SAVANNAH.  755 

quiet  and  orderly  city  than  Savannah.  These  precious  boons 
have  been  brought  back  to  its  citizens  with  the  flag  of  the 
Union. 

But  something  else  must  go  with  it.  There  is  no  store  of 
food  there.  Their  warehouses,  their  dwelling-houses,  are 
empty  of  provisions  and  of  the  other  necessaries  of  life  ;  and 
there  are  twenty  thousand  men,  women,  and  children  who,  in 
the  interval  that  must  necessarily  elapse  before  trade  can 
return  to  its  accustomed  channels,  must  be  clothed  and 
warmed  and  fed.  It  is  our  duty,  as  I  know  it  will  be  our 
pleasure,  to  do  our  part  in  this  benevolent  work.  They  offer, 
it  is  true,  to  send  the  rice  which  General  Sheridan  has  given 
them,  and  sell  it  at  the  enhanced  price  which  it  bears  in  our 
market,  in  payment  for  supplies  of  which  they  stand  in  sore 
need.  But  New  York  and  Boston  don't  want  their  rice. 
Savannah  wants  our  pork  and  beef  and  flour ;  and  I  say,  in 
Heaven's  name,  let  us  send  it  to  them  without  money  and 
without  price.  By  and  by  we  will  trade  with  them  as  we 
did  in  the  good  times  before  the  curse  of  secession  and  rebel- 
lion came  upon  the  land.  By  and  by  we  will  take  the  rice 
and  the  cotton,  and  give  them  our  food  and  our  fabrics  in 
return. 

No,  sir,  I  had  rather  not  be  paid  for  the  relief  we  send 
them.  Our  storehouses  and  granaries  are  full ;  our  farmers 
never  had  a  better  year.  Some  branches  of  trade  and  manu- 
factures are  depressed,  but  others  are  more  than  usually 
active  and  profitable.  The  great  West,  big  as  she  is,  is 
hardly  big  enough  to  hold  the  wealth  that  is  annually  reaped 
from  her  fertile  fields  ;  and,  as  if  the  accustomed  products  of 
the  soil  were  deemed  insufficient  by  a  bountiful  Providence, 
the  very  clods  of  the  earth  throughout  the  Middle  States  "are 
pouring  out  rivers  of  oil,"  till  King  Petroleum  bids  fair  to 
sway  the  markets  of  the  world,  as  King  Cotton  did  before  his 
fibrous  majesty  was  dethroned.  In  this  state  of  things,  sir,  I 
don't  want  our  great  commercial  cities  —  warm-hearted 
Boston  and  imperial  New  York  —  to  go  to  chaffering  with 
poor,  war-stricken,  starving  Savannah  for  the  food  she  needs 
for  her  famished  citizens.     No,  sir,   I  should  as  soon  have 


756  THE    RELIEF    OF    SAVANNAH. 

expected  the  fond  father  in  the  parable  —  that  loveliest  page 
in  the  sacred  volume  — to  drive  a  bargain  with  his  returning 
son  for  a  meal  of  victuals  out  of  the  fatted  calf.  Let  us  offer 
it  to  them  freely,  not  in  the  spirit  of  almsgiving,  but  as  a 
pledge  of  fraternal  feeling  and  an  earnest  of  our  disposition 
to  resume  all  the  kind  offices  of  fellow-citizenship  with  our 
returning  brethren. 

Do  you  say  they  were  lately  our  enemies  ?  I  am  well  con- 
vinced that  the  majority,  the  great  majority,  were  so  but 
nominally.  But  what  if  they  were  our  enemies  ?  "  If  thine 
enemy  hunger,  feed  him ;  if  he  thirst,  give  him  drink,"  espe- 
cially when  he  has  laid  down  his  arms,  and  submits  himself 
to  your  power.  And  I  hope  we  may  never  have  to  retaliate 
in  any  other  way  the  cruelties  of  starvation  practised  upon 
our  poor  prisoners.  Nothing  so  plainly  shows  the  ruthless 
spirit  of  the  leaders  of  the  Rebellion  as  the  manner  in  which 
our  prisoners  of  war  have  been  treated  at  some  of  their 
depots.  The  accounts  of  these  cruelties  have  of  course  been 
contradicted ;  but  I  know  them  to  be  true,  I  know  it  from 
some  of  the  living  victims  of  these  cruelties.  A  young 
officer  exchanged  from  Libby  —  a  person  as  well  entitled  to 
credit  as  any  one,  high  or  low,  priest  or  layman,  by  whom 
his  account  has  been  or  can  be  contradicted  —  assures  me 
that  the  statements  so  frequently  made  of  the  cruel  manner  in 
which  our  prisoners  were  treated  in  that  prison  are  not  ex- 
aggerated. An  officer  recently  escaped  from  Columbia  in- 
formed a  friend  of  mine,  who  repeated  it  to  me  last  Saturday, 
that  the  allowance  even  to  officers  was  a  very  small  quantity 
of  uncooked  cob-meal  daily,  with  a  spoonful  of  sorghum 
syrup.  The  condition  in  which  the  returned  prisoners  came 
back  to  us  —  their  wasted  frames,  their  sunken  eyes,  their 
nerveless  limbs  —  shows  that  it  was  the  settled  policy  of  the 
rebel  leaders  to  send  them  home  broken  down  body  and 
mind,  and  unfit  for  service  ;  in  other  words,  to  keep  them  out 
of  the  grave  just  long  enough  to  be  exchanged  for  a  rebel 
prisoner,  who  will  return  better  clothed  and  fed  than  he  was 
at  home,  hale  and  hearty,  and  ready  to  take  the  field.  That 
such  is  the  case  with  some  of  the  rebel    prisoners  at  our 


TIIE    RELIEF    OF    SAVANNAH.  757 

depots  I  have  had  some  opportunities  to  know  personally. 
The  prisoners  at  Fort  Warren  are  as  well  housed  and  fed,  as 
far  as  substantials  are  concerned,  as  nine  tenths  of  the  people 
of  Massachusetts ;  that  is,  they  have  comfortable  shelter, 
space  for  exercise,  adequate  clothing,  and  food,  animal  and 
vegetable,  in  abundance.  I  visited  Camp  Douglas  near  Chi- 
cago, at  a  time  when  eight  thousand  Confederate  prisoners 
were  confined  there.  They  had  twenty  acres  of  ground  for 
exercise  and  games  in  which  they  chose  to  indulge  ;  they  had 
comfortable  barracks ;  I  saw  Western  hams  by  the  cart-load 
unloading  into  their  storerooms,  and  I  passed  through  their 
barracks  just  at  the  dinner  hour.  The  tables  certainly  were 
not  spread  with  damask  table-cloths,  nor  set  out  with  porce- 
lain or  cut  glass  ;  nor  did  I  taste  the  food.  But,  judging 
from  looks  and  smell,  it  was  as  wholesome  and  savory  as 
ever  I  wish  to  see  on  my  own  table,  and  in  quantity  and 
quality  was  equal  to  that  of  the  Union  regiments  that  guarded 
the  depot.  A  similar  state  of  things,  I  was  informed  by  an 
intimate  friend  of  mine,  an  officer  high  in  the  public  service, 
exists  at  Johnson's  Island  in  Lake  Erie.  I  have  also  heard 
from  trustworthy  sources  similar  accounts  of  the  treatment  of 
the  prisoners  at  Fort  Delaware. 

Mr.  Davis  made  it  a  complaint,  in  one  of  his  messages, 
that  Southern  prisoners  were  confined  at  a  place  so  far  north 
as  Fort  Johnson.  He  did  not  appear  to  remember  that 
Millen  and  Andersonville  might  be  as  trying  to  a  Northern 
constitution  in  summer  as  Fort  Johnson  to  a  Southern  con- 
stitution in  winter ;  and  it  is  a  curious  fact,  officially  ascer- 
tained, that  the  proportion  of  persons  frozen  to  death  is 
greater  at  the  South  than  the  North,  in  consequence  of  the 
more  effectual  precautions  to  resist  the  cold.  I  mention 
these  facts  the  rather  now,  that,  as  an  offset  to  the  cruelty 
practised  on  our  prisoners  at  the  South,  an  attempt  is  making 
to  persuade  the  sympathizing  classes  in  Europe  that  Southern 
prisoners  are  made  to  suffer  at  the  North. 

Now,  sir,  I  believe  the  best  way  in  which  we  can  retaliate 
upon  the  South  for  the  cruel  treatment  of  our  prisoners  is  for 
us  to  continue  to  treat  their  prisoners  with  entire  humanity 


758  THE    RELIEF    OF    SAVANNAH. 

and  all  reasonable  kindness ;  and  not  only  so,  but  to  seize 
every  opportunity  like  the  present  to  go  beyond  this.  Indeed, 
it  is  no  more  than  our  duty  to  treat  the  prisoner  well.  The 
law  of  nations  requires  it.  The  government  that  refuses  or 
neglects  it  does  not  deserve  the  name  of  civilized.  Even 
inability  is  no  justification.  If  you  are  yourself  so  far  ex- 
hausted that  you  cannot  supply  your  prisoners  with  a  suffi- 
cient quantity  of  wholesome  food,  you  are  bound,  with  or 
without  exchange,  to  set  them  free.  You  have  no  more  right 
to  starve  him  than  to  poison  him.  It  will,  however,  be  borne 
in  mind  that,  while  the  hard  fare  of  our  prisoners  is  defended 
by  the  Southern  leaders  on  the  ground  that  it  is  as  good  as 
that  of  their  own  soldiers,  at  the  same  time  they  maintain 
that  their  harvests  are  abundant  and  their  armies  well  fed. 
There  is  no  merit  in  treating  a  prisoner  with  common  hu- 
manity :  it  is  simply  infamous  and  wicked  to  treat  him  other- 
wise. While  we  take  no  credit  to  ourselves  that  we  do  not 
starve  our  prisoners,  let  us  show  that  we  are  glad  of  a  chance 
to  minister  to  the  wants  of  our  fellow-citizens  of  the  South, 
when  we  are  under  no  moral  obligation  to  do  so. 

Under  no  moral  obligation,  did  I  say,  sir  ?  I  am  not  quite 
so  sure  of  that.  Forty  years  ago  we  thought  it  our  duty  to 
relieve  the  starving  Greeks.  We  sent  ship-loads  of  provisions 
to  them  in  charge  of  a  worthy  citizen  (Dr.  Howe)  to  make 
the  distribution,  and  the  memory  of  that  kindly  deed  still 
dwells  "  on  the  isles  that  crown  the  iEgean  deep."  When 
the  icy  hand  of  famine  smote  the  toiling  millions  of  Ireland 
in  1847,  the  cry  of  their  distress  reached  this  hall,  and  re- 
turned with  a  generous  response.  When  the  want  of  em- 
ployment, caused  by  the  cessation  of  the  supply  of  cotton, 
deprived  the  operatives  of  Lancashire  of  their  daily  bread, 
our  friends  of  New  York  sent  the  George  Griswold  laden 
with  provisions  to  their  succor.  The  pirate  Semmes  showed 
what  he  was  made  of  by  burning  the  vessel  on  her  return 
voyage.  Not  a  twelvemonth  has  elapsed  since  the  heart  of 
our  community  was  stirred  to  its  depths  by  the  patriotic 
eloquence  of  Colonel  Taylor,  setting  forth  the  distresses  of  our 
brethren  in  East  Tennessee.     The  relief  extended  by  you  in 


THE    RELIEF    OF    SAVANNAH.  759 

all  these  cases  was  not  a  mere  gush  of  sentimental  benevo- 
lence ;  it  was,  as  you  so  considered  it,  the  performance  of  a 
Christian  duty,  an  act  of  obedience  to  the  great  law  of  love, 
which,  paramount  to  the  Constitution  and  the  laws  of  the 
land,  lays  its  sacred  obligation  on  every  rational  creature,  and 
makes  us  all  brethren,  dependent  on  each  other,  in  the  one 
great  human  family.  And  shall  we  shut  out  from  this  great 
family  our  brethren  of  Savannah,  who,  by  the  valor  and  con- 
duct of  our  armies  and  the  heroic  skill  of  their  noble  leader, 
are  again  gathered,  nothing  loath,  beneath  the  folds  of  the 
sacred  flag?  General  Sherman,  as  kind  as  he  is  brave,  who 
desires  only  to  preserve  by  the  gentle  sway  of  gratitude  and 
love  what  his  unconquered  sword  has  won,  has  himself  said 
that  "  the  timely  relief  of  the  suffering  citizens  of  Savannah 
will  be  worth  more  to  the  Union  cause  than  ten  battles." 
For  Heaven's  sake,  my  friends,  let  us  hasten  to  win  these 
bloodless  victories,  saddened  by  no  parent's  bereavement,  no 
widow's  tears.  While  we  subdue  the  armies  which  a  merci- 
less conscription  of  old  and  young  drives  to  the  field,  and 
retain  a  cordon  of  iron  and  fire  around  the  shores  of  persistent 
rebellion,  from  the  moment  a  desire  is  manifested  on  the 
masses  to  acknowledge  the  authority  of  the  government,  let 
us  hasten  to  extend  to  them  the  right-hand  of  Christian  love 
to  supply  their  wants  and  relieve  their  sufferings,  and  to  mark 
their  return  to  the  Union  by  a  return  of  the  prosperity  which, 
by  the  selfish  and  cruel  ambition  of  their  leaders,  they  have 
so  long  been  strangers. 

I  most  cheerfully  second  the  resolution. 

Shortly  after  the  delivery  of  this  address,  Mr.  Everett  re- 
turned to  his  house  under  pressure  of  severe  illness,  which 
terminated  his  life  on  the  ensuing  Sunday,  15th  January, 
1865. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX 


TO   THE  FOURTH  VOLUME. 


Aberdeen,  Lord,  his  resolution  on 
the  Northeastern  Boundary  question, 
210  ;  his  opinion  of  the  Crimean  war, 
677. 

Abolition  of  slavery,  effects  of  the  discus- 
sion of  the,  409,  410  ;  treatment  of 
abolitionists  at  the  South,  537. 

Acropolis,  the,  190. 

Adams,  Charles  Francis,  Vice-Presi- 
dent of  the  Association  of  Alumni 
of  Harvard  College,  312;  Envoy  of 
the  United  States  to  England,  558 ; 
the  Rebel  emissaries  object  to  his  re- 
ception, 627. 

Adams,  President  John,  commissions 
Washington  as  Commander-in-Chief 
of  the  American  armies  in  1798,46; 
his  statue  at  Mount  Auburn,  189  ;  ex- 
tracts from  letters  of,  to  his  wife,  284 ; 
signs  the  Declaration  of  Indepen- 
dence, 285  ;  on  the  committee  to  an- 
nounce the  Declaration  of  Indepen- 
dence to  the  world,  284,  713;  pro- 
nounced by  Thomas  Jefferson  the 
Colossus  of  the  debate  on  the  Decla- 
ration of  Independence,  284 ;  elected 
President  of  the  United  States,  285 ; 
and  Jefferson,  their  death  on  the  same 
day,  579. 

Adams,  John  Qcinct,  423  ;  his  opinion 
of  Daniel  Webster  as  an  orator,  217  ; 
private  secretary  and  interpreter  to 
Francis  Dana,  in  Russia,  676;  his 
death,  688 ;  memoir  of,  by  Josiah 
Quincy,  688 ;  hostility  to  the  adminis- 
tration of,  704. 

Adams,  Rodman,  and  Loraine,  Jeffer- 
son County,  N.  Y.,  address  delivered 
before  the  Union  Agricultural  Society 
of,  435. 

Addison,  Joseph,  compared  with  Ir- 
ving, 251  ;  his  education,  ib. ;  his  mar- 
riage, 252. 


Administration,  change  of,  demanded 
by  some,  in  1864,  700;  effects  of  the 
defeat  of  the,  705 ;  evils  of  a  change 
of,  706. 

Africa,  extent  of  the  slave-trade  on  the 
coast  of,  453. 

African  slave-trade  prohibited  by  Con- 
gress, 245,  453  ;  recommended  to  be 
reopened,  478 ;  belief  that  slavery 
could  only  be  sustained  by  the,  722. 

Agricultural  College  at  Ovid,  N.  Y.,  444. 

Agricultural  Society  at  Danvers,  65. 

Agriculture  of  Massachusetts,  Report  on 
the,  73  ;  its  connection  with  manufac- 
tures and  commerce,  439  ;  in  the  Unit- 
ed States,  440  ;  periodical  literature  of, 
441  ;  connection  of  geology  with,  441  ; 
importance  of  intelligence  in,  441, 
443;  Henry  Colman  on  European, 
442. 

Agriculture  as  affected  by  the  war ;  an 
address  delivered  before  the  Union 
Agricultural  Society  of  Adams,  Rod- 
man, and  Loraine,  Jefferson  County, 
New  York,  1861,  435  ;  importance  of, 
in  time  of  war,  438 ;  increased  de- 
mand for  agricultural  produce,  439  ; 
labor  withdrawn  from,  ib. ;  grazing 
farms  of  the  West,  441  ;  in  the  State  of 
Ohio,  442  ;  in  Western  New  York,  ib. ; 
in  the  county  of  Norfolk,  ib.  ;  want  of 
knowledge  of,  in  the  United  States, 
443,  444  ;  Washington's  knowledge 
of  agriculture,  445,  446  ;  agricultural 
products  of  the  North  and  South, 
447. 

Aid  to  East  Tennessee,  Remarks  at  a 
meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall,  Feb.  10, 1864, 
660. 

Alabama,  secession  of,  571. 

"Alabama,"  the,  a  British  pirate,  672,  738  ; 
destruction  of  the,  ib. ;  character  of 
the  crew,  ib.  ;  the  guns  of  the,  manned 
by  English  gunners,  739. 

Albany  Bridge  Question,  343. 


762 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX, 


Albert  Edward,  Prince  of  "Wales,  bap- 
tized, 174. 
Alden,  Captain,  U.  S.  N.,  730. 
Alexander  and  the  battle  of  Arbela, 

205. 
Alexander,  Emperor   of   Russia,  his 

answer  to  Madame  de  Stael,  412. 
Alexander   II.,  Emperor  of   Russia, 

abolishes  serfdom  in  Russia,  682. 
Alexander,  Captain,  U.  S.  T.  E.,  76. 
Alien   Act  of  1798,   367;    opposition  to 

the,  368. 
Alison,  Sir  Archibald,  his  account 
of  the  war  between  Poland  and  Rus- 
sia, 682. 
Allen,  Colonel,  his  description  of  the 

suffering  in  Savannah,  753. 
Allibone,    S.  Austin,   his  "  Diction- 
ary   of    English    and    American    au- 
thors "  noticed,  250. 
Allston,  Washington,  93. 
America,  patriots  of,  355. 
American  Army,  the,  499,  500. 
American  Expedition  to  the  Arctic  Sea, 
remarks   made   at  a   meeting  in  the 
Lowell  Institute  on  Dr.  Hayes's  pro- 
posed expedition  to  the  Arctic  Sea,  273. 
American    Institutions,    Vindication    of, 
Oration  delivered   in    Boston,   before 
the  City  Authorities,  July  4th,  1860, 
283. 
Ames,  Fisher,  his   Eulogy  on  Wash- 
ington, 18. 
Ames,  Joseph,  letter  from,  to  Edward 

Everett,  164. 
Amherst  College,  306,  403,  462. 
Anderson,  Major  Robert,  at  Charles- 
ton,  S.  C.,  398 ;  attack  on,  at  Fort 
Sumter,  479,  522  ;  takes  possession  of 
Fort  Sumter,  522 ;  his  refusal  to  sur- 
render, ib. 
Andrew,  Governor  John  A.,  463. 
Angelo,  Michael,  188. 
Anne,  Queen,  of  Great  Britain,  touches 

for  the  king's  evil,  83. 
Anti-slavery  question,  the,  473. 
Appleton,  Hon.  Nathan,  Remarks  on 
the  death  of,  delivered  at  the  Mer- 
chants' Exchange,  July  16,  1861, 
421  ;  his  public  life,  ib. ;  commences 
college  at  Dartmouth,  ib. ;  engages  in 
mercantile  business,  422 ;  his  literary 
tastes,  ib. ;  his  writings,  ib. ;  his  biog- 
raphy of  Abbott  Lawrence,  ib. ;  his  po- 
litical opinions,  422  ;  his  correspond- 
ence with  an  English  clergyman 
printed  by,  ib. ;  his  prosperity,  ib. ;  his 
experiment,  with  Mr.  Lowell,  of  the 
power-loom,  ib.;  his  pamphlet  on  the 
introduction  of  the  power-loom  into 
the  United  States,  423  ;  his  success, 
ib. ;  bis  visit  to  Lowell,  ib. ;  his  inter- 


est in  the  foundation  of  Lowell, 
ib. ;  elected  a  member  of  Congress, 
424 ;  on  the  Committee  of  Ways  and 
Means,  ib.  ;  his  influence,  ib.  ;  his 
knowledge  of  currency  and  banking, 
ib.  ;  Daniel  Wehster's  opinion  of,  ib. ; 
retires  from  business,  425  ;  his  private 
life,  ib. ;  death  of  his  daughter,  ib. 

Archer,  General,  his  capture,  635. 

Archives  of  the  kingdom  of  Spain,  132. 

Armistead,  General,  wounded,  640; 
death  of,  643. 

Army,  the,  of  the  Potomac,  remarks  at  a 
meeting  held  in  Faneuil  Hall,  1862, 
498. 

Arctic  Sea,  American  expedition  to  the, 
273. 

Arkwright  ,  Sir  Richard,  his  im- 
provements in  machinery,  385. 

Ashbitrton,  Lord,  envoy  to  the  United 
States,  210;  his  defence  of  Webster, 
215. 

Ashmun,  George  Hooker,  appointed 
to  the  Royall  Professorship  of  La»v, 
694  ;   his  death,  ib. 

Athens,  law  and  marks  of  respect  on  the 
burial  of  soldiers  in,  622,  623;  sub- 
urbs of,  ib. 

Atlantic  telegraph,  72. 

"Atlanta,"  destruction  of  the,  671. 

Augustan  age  of  France,  324,  457. 

Aurora  borealis  of  1859,  219. 

Austrians,  attack  of  the,  on  the  French 
at  Solferino,  239. 


B. 

Babylon,  190. 

Bache,  Alexander  Dallas,  his  opin- 
ion on  the  Northwest  Passage,  276. 

Bacon,  Francis,  Lord  Verulam,  282. 

Ball,  Thomas,  150 ;  his  statue  of  Web- 
ster, 158,  161. 

Ballard,  John,  110. 

Baltimore,  Sixth  Massachusetts  Regi- 
ment assaulted  in,  503,  561  ;  Mayor's 
visit  to  Chicago,  in  1862,  503. 

Baltimore  and  Ohio  Railroad,  528,  576  ; 
destruction  of,  by  the  Rebels,  503,  561, 
576. 

Bancroft,  George,  his  eulogy  on 
Prescott  noticed,  131  ;  extract  from, 
on  the  prohibition  of  the  slave-trade, 
720. 

Banks,  Nathaniel  P.,  Governor  of 
Massachusetts,  186,  311;  his  speech, 
July  5,  1858,  631. 

Barksdale,  General,  death  of,  643. 

Barlow,  General,  wounded,  642. 

Barnard,  Daniel  Dewey,  Minister  of 
the  United  States  at  Berlin,  175  ;  re- 
marks at  a  meeting  of  the  Massachu- 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


763 


setts  Historicul   Society,   June,   1861, 

339  ;  his  death,  ib.  ;  his  talents,  ib. ; 
character  of,  ib.  ;  his  literary  taste,  ib., 

340  ;  birth  of,  ib.  ;  removes  to  New 
York,  ib. ;  death  of  his  father,  ib. ;  his 
education,  ib.  ;  in  the  office  of  the  clerk 
of  the  county  at  Canandaigua,  ib. ;  acts 
as  deputy  clerk,  ib. ;  at  school  in  Lenox, 
ib. ;  enters  Williams  College,  ib. ;  his 
abilities  as  a  scholar,  ib. ;  his  health, 

341  ;  studies  law,  ib.;  commences  the 
practice  of  law  in  Rochester,  ib. ;  county 
attorney,  ib. ;  elected  to  Congress,  ib. ; 
Mr.  Everett's  acquaintance  with  him, 
ib. ;  his  writings,  ib. ;  honorary  mem- 
ber of  the  Massachusetts  Historical 
Society,  ib. ;  his  return  to  Rochester, 
ib. ;  his  visit  to  Europe,  *7). ;  his  letters 
published  in  the  Rochester  Journals, 
ib. ;  removes  to  Albany,  ib. ;  chosen  to 
the  Assembly  of  New  York,  ib. ;  his 
speeches  and  reports  published,  342  ; 
re  -  elected  to  Congress,  ib. ;  chair- 
man of  the  Judiciary  Committee, 
ib.  ;  reports  the  bankrupt  bill,  ib. ; 
a  contributor  to  the  North  Ameri- 
can Review,  ib. ;  envoy  to  Berlin,  ib. ; 
his  fidelity  to  his  government,  ib.  ;  his 
kindness  to  travellers,  ib. ;  his  dignity 
as  minister,  343 ;  his  friendship  with 
Humboldt,  ib. ;  his  return  to  private 
life,  ib. ;  his  private  life,  ib. ;  resolu- 
tions passed  by  the  Massachusetts  His- 
torical Society  on  the  death  of,  344. 

Barnes,  General,  wounded,  642. 

Barragula  cotton,  449. 

Barre,  Colonel  Isaac,  his  remark  on  the 
character  of  the  people  of  America, 
355. 

Bates,  Hon.  Edward.    (See  St.  Louis.) 

Belgium,  made  an  independent  monarchy, 
556. 

Belknap,  Andrew,  110. 

"  Bell  and  Everett  party,"  the,  581. 

Bellingshausen,  675. 

Benjamin,  Judah  P.,  Secretary  of 
State  of  the  Southern  Confederacy, 
376,  601,  627  ;  his  threats  of  the  cap- 
ture of  Washington,  561,  627  ;  extract 
from  a  letter  of,  on  the  treatment 
of  Union  prisoners  of  war,  538,  562  ; 
he  refuses  to  vote  on  the  Crittenden 
resolutions,  572  ;  letter  from,  to  Colo- 
nel W.  B.  Wood,  664  ;  his  correspond- 
ence intercepted,  715. 

Bethlehem,  custody  of  the  church  of,  555. 

Bicetre,  the,  69. 

Bigelow,  Jacob,  M.  D.,  280,  669. 

Bingham,  William,  his  statue  of 
Franklin,  104. 

Binghamton,  N.  Y.,  State  Inebriate 
Asylum  at,  60,  n. 


Birthday  of  Washington  Irving,  remarks 

at  the  celebration  of  the,  I860,  256. 
"  Black  Republicans,"  572. 
Blake,  Admiral  Robert,  113. 
Blake,  Commodore,  U.  S.  Navy,  602. 
Blenheim  palace,  description  of,  43 ;  vis- 
its to,  44. 
Blockade,  extent  of  the  line  of,  1861,  670. 
Blue    Ridge,   628;    Stuart's  cavalry  at 

the,  629. 
Board  of  Visitors  of  the  United   States 

Naval  Academy,  596. 
Bond,  William  C.,  his  removal  to  Cam- 
bridge, 696  ;  his  observatory,  ib. 
Bonner,   Robert,   15  ;    editor  of  the 

New  York  Ledger,  412. 
Bonpland,  M.  de,  171. 
Border  Slates,  536,  560,  570;  recovery  of 

the,  701. 
Boston  Athenaeum,  History  of  the,  by  Jo- 

siah  Quincy,  689. 
Boston,  Massachusetts, 

Draft  riot  of  1863  in,  618. 

Extract  from  the  Auditor's  report, 
1860,  320. 

Employment  for  women  in,  619,  620. 

Latin  School  of,  266. 

Newspaper  boys  of,  512. 

Poor  children  of,  512,  617,  618,  619. 

Population  of,  in  1800,  265  ;  in  1859, 
266. 

Public  schools  of,  319,  511  ;  appropri- 
ation and  expenditure  on  the  public 
schools  of,  320,  511,  615;  amount 
of  expenditures  for  1861  and  1862, 
615,  617  ;  number  of  public  schools 
in,  615,  616  ;  number  of  children  in 
the  public  schools  in  the  year  1862, 
ib.,  617  ;  system  of  the,  ib. 

Quincy's  Municipal  History  of,  6S7. 

Schools  of,  in  1800,  266  ;  in  1859,  ib. 

Siege  of,  539. 

Taxes  in  1800,  266  ;  in  1859,  ib. 

The  name  changed  from  Trimountain 
to  Boston,  231. 

Water  introduced  into,  551. 
Boston  Courier,  409. 
Boston  Daily  Advertiser,   547,   548,  549, 

551. 
Boston  Gazette,  publication  of   the,  com- 
menced Dec.  14,  1719,  126. 
Boston  Latin  School,  266. 
Boston  News  Letter,  established  in   1 704, 

126. 
Boston    Pidilic   Latin     Grammar    School, 

remarks  before  the,  May,  1859,  142. 
Boston  Union  Club,  inauguration  of  the, 

553. 
Bosworth  Field,  battle  of,  653. 
Bourbons,  the,  555. 
Bomrienne's  Memoirs  of  Napoleon,  cited, 

48. 


764 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Bowditch,  Nathaniel,  LL.  D.,  693  ; 

his  statue  in  Mount  Auburn,  189. 
Boyd,  Hugh,  685. 

Brandy  wine,  battle  of,  601  ;  cotton-mill  on 
the,  in  1794,  385;  cotton  manufac- 
turers petition  Congress  for  the  repeal 
of  the  duty  on  cotton,  385  ;  petition  re- 
jected, ib. 

Branning,  Mr.,  231. 

Brazil,  cotton  plant  in,  450. 

Breckinridge,  John  C,  candidate  for 
President  of  the  United  States,  532,  569. 

Breyoort,  Henry,  his  connection  with 
Salmagundi,  249  ;  a  letter  from  Sir 
Walter  Scott  to,  250. 

Brevoort,  J.  Carson,  249,  250. 

Bristed,  Mr.,  140. 

British  Annual  Register,  extracts  from 
the,  502,  619. 

British  Colonies  in  America,  plan  of  union 
for  the,  354. 

British  pirates  destroyed,  701. 

"  Brooklyn,"  the  U.  S.  steam  frigate,  730. 

Brooks,  Sidney,  a  trustee  of  the  Mount 
Vernon  fund,  14. 

Brougham,  Henry,  Lord,  his  estimate 
of  Washington,  23;  his  connection 
with  the  Northeastern  Boundary  ques- 
tion, 214. 

Brown,  Capt.  John,  240,  488  ;  his  at- 
tack on  Harper's  Ferry,  241,  360. 

Brown,  Major,  superintends  the  railroad 
from  St.  Petersburg  to  Moscow,  677. 

Brown  University,  Address  on  the  char- 
acter of  Washington,  delivered  before, 
1856,  6. 

Brownlow,  Hon.  William  G.,  his 
statements,  538. 

Brumaire,  the  18th  of,  461. 

Brownwell,  Master  George,  119. 

Buchanan,  James,  his  Cabinet,  474  ; 
his  refusal  to  cede  or  sell  Fort  Sumter, 
574. 

Buckle,  Mr.,  his  Principles  of  Science, 
509. 

Buford,  Gen.,  reconnoissance  by,  632. 

Bunsen,  Chevalier,  his  "  Signs  of  the 
Times,"  176. 

Bureau  des  Affaires  Etrangeres,  Paris, 
212,460. 

Burgoyne,  General  John,  capitulation 
of,  358,  363. 

Burke,  Edmund,  anecdote  of,  57 ;  his 
opinion  of  the  American  Colonies, 
289  ;  his  speech  for  conciliation  with 
America  quoted,  355  ;  his  letter  on  the 
growth  of  the  Colonies  quoted,  356 ; 
quotation  from,  412. 

Burnside,  Major-General  Ambrose  E., 
and  his  troops,  516  ;  succeeds  General 
McClellan  as  Commander-in-Chief  of 
the  Federal  army,  582. 


Butler,  Major  -  General  Benjamin 
F.,  his  occupation  of  New  Orleans, 
517. 

Butterfield,  General,  wounded,  642. 


Calhoun,  John  C,  supports  a  tariff  in 
1816,  382,  423;  Vice-President  of  the 
United  States,  371,  469  ;  his  appeal  to 
the  Virginia  Resolutions,  366  ;  his  dis- 
course on  the  Constitution,  quoted, 
370;  his  treatise  on  Nullification,  372, 

468,  470  ;  claims  a  State's  right  to  se- 
cede, 521 ;  his  political  principles,  ib., 

469,  470 ;  a  member  of  President  Mon- 
roe's Cabinet,  390  ;  he  denies  the  right 
of  secession,  407,  559  ;  his  character, 
468  ;  in  Congress,  469  ;  member  of  the 
Committee  of  Foreign  Affairs,  ib. ; 
leader  of  two  parties,  ib.  ;  a  friend  to 
improvements,  ib. ;  becomes  a  radical, 
ib. ;  his  Congressional  speeches,  ib. ; 
his  intellectual  powers,  ib. ;  his  pro- 
tective tariff,  ib.,  470 ;  his  projects, 
709  ;  his  opinion  of  the  abolition  of 
slavery,  720. 

California,  Constitutional  Convention  of, 
391. 

Caligula,  Emperor,  anecdote  of,  55. 

Call  to  Arms,  The,  remarks  at  Roxbury, 
1861,  330. 

Cambridgeport,  Massachusetts,  settlement 
of,  86,  87  ;  improvements  in,  88. 

Camden,  Lord,  his  defence  of  American 
rights,  355. 

Campagna  Romana,  190. 

Campbell,  Lord,  300,  n. 

Campbell,  Mrs.,  brings  recruits  into  the 
Union  army,  521. 

Canada,  Upper,  number  of  fugitive 
slaves  in,  409. 

Canova,  Antonio,  his  statue  of  Wash- 
ington, 154. 

Canton,  anecdote  of  the  "  Colleges  "  in, 
312. 

Cape  Charles,  576. 

Cape  Henry,  576. 

Capponi, Marquis  Gino,  his  library,  132. 

Carlyle,  Thomas,  presents  to  Edward 
Everett  the  tithes-book  of  Ecton,North- 
amptonshire,  113;  his  letter  to  Ed- 
ward Everett  respecting  the  tithes- 
book,  114. 

Carroll,  Charles,  the  last  survivor  of 
the  signers  of  the  Declaration  of  Inde- 
pendence, 283. 

Cartier,  Jacques,  458. 

Catherine,  Empress  of  Russia,  676. 

Cattle  Show  at  Springfield,  address  de- 
livered at,  Sept.  17,  1858,  52. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


765 


Caus,  Solomon  de,  69 ;  in  the  Bi- 
ce tre,  ib. 

Causes  (The)  and  Conduct  of  the  Civil 
War,  an  address  delivered  before  the 
Mercantile  Library  Association  of 
Boston,  1861,  464." 

Central  America,  prospects  of  cotton  trade 
in,  450. 

Central  power  not  sufficiently  recognized 
under  the  confederation,  418. 

Century,  progress  in  the  17th,  25-27; 
growth  of  centuries,  32. 

Ceramicus,  cemetery  of,  in  Athens,  623. 

Chicago  Democratic  Convention,  1864,  721. 

ChancellorsviUe,  reverse  at,  628. 

Change  of  issue  in  the  war,  as  viewed  by 
General  McClellan,  712. 

Chantrey,  Sir  Francis,  his  statue  of 
Washington,  155. 

"  Character  of  Washington,"  an  address 
delivered  before  the  Mercantile  Library 
Association  of  Boston,  1856,  1. 

Charity,  labors  of  the  Sisters  of  Charity, 
644. 

Charles  II.,  king  of  England,  502. 

Charles  Edward,  his  army,  502. 

Charleston,  South  Carolina,  her  harbor 
blockaded,  398 ;  negro  insurrection  in, 
472. 

Charleston  Mercury,  extract  from  the,  522. 

Charlestown,  Mass.,  burning  of,  83. 

Chase,  Charles  G.,  1. 

Chatham,  William  Pitt,  Earl  of,  his 
opinion  of  the  American  Colonies, 
290  ;  his  trouble  with  Lord  Mansfield, 
301  ;  his  vindication  of  the  rights  of 
America,  355  ;  report  of  his  speeches, 
685. 

Chatsworth,  water- works  at,  61. 

ClIEEVER,  EZEKIEL,   118. 

Chelmsford,  Lord,  300,  n. 

Chesapeake  and  Ohio  Canal,  576. 

Chester  Square,  Boston,  flag  raising  in, 
1861,326. 

Child,  Professor  Francis  J.,  his  list  of 
Harvard  students  fallen  in  the  war,  610. 

Children,  poor,  of  large  cities,  617,  618. 

China,  cotton  culture  in,  450. 

Choate,  Rufos,  letter  from,  to  Peter 
Harvey,  165  ;  remarks  in  Faneuil  Hall 
on  the  death  of,  1859,  178  ;  his  talents, 
179,  183;  his  literary  taste,  180;  his 
public  offices,  ib. ;  his  eloquence,  181  ; 
his  political  career,  182  ;  his  Eulogy  on 
Daniel  Webster,  184;  his  character, 
184;  his  death,  194;  portrait  of,  ib. ; 
funeral  of,  195. 

Cholera  in- the  United  States,  280. 

Cicero,  Marcus  Tullius,  description 
of,  by  Ben  Jonson,  40  ;  quotation  from, 
on  the  elevation  of  the  soul  at  death, 
195  ;  quotation  from,  509. 


Cimon,  the  son  of  Miltiades,  623. 

Cipango  (Japan),  309. 

Civil  War  in  England,  under  Cromwell, 
654. 

Civil  War  in  the  United  States,  436, 
724. 

Clark,  Hon.  Daniel,  his  substitute  for 
the  Crittenden  Resolutions,  571,  572, 
590. 

Clay,  Henry,  Speaker  of  the  House  of 
Representatives,  202 ;  his  bill  on  the 
fishing  bounties,  377,  378  ;  speech  of, 
on  compromises,  387  ;  his  compromise 
tariff,  468,  589. 

Coercion,  359,  360. 

Coffee,  General,  708. 

Collingwood,  Admiral,  598 ;  his 
opinion  of  blockading  service,  731. 

Colman,  Rev.  Henry,  his  agricultural 
survey  of  Massachusetts,  73  ;  extracts 
from  his  works  on  agriculture,  442. 

Colonial  Assemblies,  356. 

Columbia  River,  discovery  of  the,  667. 

Columbus  beholds  the  shores  of  San 
Salvador,  207. 

"  Committee  of  Thirty-three"  573. 

Comonfort,  General,  77. 

Confederation,  early,  of  the  English  colo- 
nies, in  1754,  564  ;  Articles  of,  recom- 
mended by  Congress,  Nov.,  1777,  358, 
359,  360,  361,  391,  418  ;  Congress  un- 
der the,  394. 

Confederacy,  Southern,  the  institution 
of  slavery  in  the,  409 ;  and  the 
slave-trade,  453  ;  despatches  of  the, 
578;  French  vice-consuls  expelled 
from,  ib. ;  the  acknowledgment  of  the 
Confederacy  demanded  by  the  South, 
716. 

Congress,  Continental,  eulogized  by  Lord 
Chatham,  355  ;  action  of,  in  1774,  712  ; 
th0r  remonstrance  to  General  Gage, 
356 ;  Declaration  of  Independence 
formally  adopted  by,  713. 

Congress  of  the  United  States,  first  meet- 
ing of,  under  the  Constitution,  356. 

Congress  frigate,  burning  of  the,  671. 

Constitution  of  the  United  States,  564 ; 
provisions  of  the,  648 ;  "  The  Constitu- 
tion as  it  is,  and  the  Union  as  it  was," 
721. 

Contract  of  alliance,  358. 

"  Conway  Cabal,"  703. 

Cooper,  James  Fenimore,  his  home, 
576. 

Copernicus,  Nicholas,  294. 

Corcoran,  General,  541 ;  his  escort  in 
Boston,  544. 

Cornwallis,  Charles,  Marquis,  his 
surrender  at  Yorktown,  35S,  434. 

"  Cosmos,"  description  of  Humboldt's, 
173,  176. 


766 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Cottenham,  Lord,  300,  n. 

Cotton,  culture  of,  in  the  United  States, 
383,  449 ;  manufacture  of,  in  the 
United  States,  383,  384;  taxed  by 
Congress  in  1789,  384;  first  growth 
of,  in,  and  exportation  of,  from  the 
United  States,  384 ;  duty  on,  in  the 
United  States,  384 ;  large  growth 
of,  in  Louisiana,  382  ;  "  forty  bale 
theory,"  381;  "King  Cotton,"  383; 
the  protective  system,  and  square- 
yard  duty,  ib.,  383*- 385,  467  ;  Mr.  Cal- 
houn on  cotton  duties,  ib.,  384 ;  West 
India,  ib. ;  cotton-mills  erected  in  Rhode 
Island  and  Massachusetts,  ib.  ;  Jay's 
treat}',  ib. ;  revenue  law  and  cotton,  ib. ; 
culture  of,  in  South  Carolina  and  Geor- 
gia, ib. ;  petition  of  the  Brandywine 
manufacturers  to  repeal  the  cotton 
duty,  385  ;  protection  to  the  Northern 
manufacturers,  ib.  ;  the  Cotton  States 
and  secession,  519;  disunion  policy 
of  the,  588. 

Cotton-gin,  Whitney's  invention  of  the, 
386. 

Cotton  Supply  Association,  451. 

Crane,  Mr.,  329. 

Cranworth,  Lord,  300,  n. 

Crawford,  Thomas,  his  statue  of 
Washington,  9,  147,  156. 

Crawford,  William  H.,  a  member  of 
President  Monroe's  Cabinet,  390 ; 
leader  of  the  States'  Rights  party,  469. 

Crimea,  324,  501,  555 ;  Florence  Night- 
ingale in,  324. 

Crittenden,  Hon.  John  J.,  his  resolu- 
tions, 570,  589,  590;  the  test  question, 
571;  substitute  for  the,  ib.,  572,  590; 
vote  on  the,  ib. ;  failure  of  the,  ib. ;  re- 
considered, 573 ;  proceedings  in  the 
United  States  Senate  on  the,  588  •  Re- 
publican Senators  vote  agains#the, 
589,  590. 

Cromwell,  Oliver,  502;  dictator,  113. 

Cuba,  filibustering  war  waged  upon,  329. 

Cumberland  frigate,  sinking  of  the,  671, 
730. 

Cumberland  mines,  amount  of  coal  sent 
from  the,  in  one  year,  576. 

Cumber/and  Valley,  battles  of,  630 ;  ad- 
vance of  the  Rebel  army  in  the,  631, 

Cunningham,  Ann  Pamela,  1. 

Curtis,  George  Ticknor,  406;  letter 
to  Edward  Everett  from,  ib. 


D. 


Dame  schools  in  Liverpool,  321. 

Dane  Professorship  of  Law  in  Harvard 

College,  694. 
Dante,  Alighieri,  294. 


Davies,  Rev.  Samuel,  predicts  the  glory 
and  greatness  of  Washington,  20. 

Davis,  C.  A.,  Esq.,  281. 

Davis,  Captain,  U.  S.  Navy,  517. 

Davis,  Jefferson,  532,  581,  590;  his 
inaugural  address  noticed,  334,  351  ; 
extracts  from  his  message  of  April, 
1861,  357,  358,  388,  391,  409,  537; 
extracts  from  his  remarks  on  the  Ar- 
ticles of  Confederation,  359  ;  extract 
from  a  speech  delivered  in  the  United 
States  Senate,  565;  his  education, 
566 ;  he  resigns  his  seat  as  Senator  of 
the  United  States,  568 ;  he  expels  the 
French  vice-consuls  from  the  Southern 
States,  578  ;  and  the  Crittenden  Reso- 
lutions, 590,  591  ;  his  remarks  on  the 
war,  710,  711;  his  complaint  of  the 
treatment  of  Confederate  prisoners  by 
the  North,  757. 

Day.  Questions  of  the,  345. 

De  Anville's  map  of  North  America, 
211. 

Decatur,  Commodore  Stephen,  669. 

Declaration  of  Independence,  564 ;  eighty- 
fourth  anniversary  of  the,  283  ;  eighty- 
fifth  anniversary  of,  345. 

Dehon,  Mr.,  431. 

Demand,  The,  for  Reinforcements,  re- 
marks at  the  mass  meeting  on  Boston 
Common,  under  the  auspices  of  the 
Recruiting  Committee  of  One  Hun- 
dred and  Fifty,  1862,  530. 

Democracy  of  the  present  day,  708. 

Democratic  party  in  the  United  States, 
origin  of  the,  297;  party  of  1812, 
468  ;  of  1860.  474  ;  antecedents  of  the, 
707  ;  Daniel  Webster  and  the,  ib. ;  the 
Chicago  Convention,  1864,  721. 

Dempsky,  John  W.,  wounded,  738. 

Dickinson,  Hon.  Daniel  S.,  60. 

Directory,  government  of  the,  in  France, 
461.  ' 

Disunion  policy  of  the  Cotton  States,  588. 

Doubleday,  General,  wounded,  642. 

Douglas,  Hon.  Stephen  A.,  Senator, 
572,  590  ;  and  the  Kansas-Nebraska 
affajrs,  ib. ;  his  statement  on  the  Crit- 
tenden Resolutions,  ib.,  591  ;  Edwar  I 
Everett's  opinion  of  his  speeches,  743. 

Downes,  Commodore,  United  States 
Navy,  670. 

Dowse,  Eleazer,  81,  83. 

Dowse,  Mehitable,  81. 

Dowse,  Jonathan,  a  member  of  the 
General  Court  of  Massachusetts  in 
1722,  82. 

Dowse,  Thomas,  Eulogy  ot.,  delivered 
before  the  Massachusetts  Historical 
Society,  79-107  ;  his  collection  of  wa- 
ter-color paintings,  89,  91,  92 ;  do- 
nation of  his  library  to  the  Massac. m 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


767 


setts  Historical  Society,  79,  81,  100, 
105  ;  excellence  of  his  library,  89,  95  ; 
bis  biography,  81,  82,  83,  84  ;  his  re- 
moval to  Sberborn,  83  ;  accident  to, 
84  ;  his  voyage  to  Norfolk,  85  ;  com- 
mences business  for  himself,  86  ;  his 
removal  to  Cambridge,  88  ;  his  charac- 
ter, ib.,  100,  101,  123  ;  his  home,  89  ; 
his  religious  opinions,  101,  102  ;  erects 
a  monument  to  Franklin  in  Mount 
Auburn  cemetery,  103,  123;  his  lega- 
cies, 105,  106. 

"  Dowse  Library,"  the,  89,  95,  96,  97,  98, 
101,  102,  105. 

Dowse  High  School,  Sherborn,  106. 

Dowse  Institute,  Cambridge,  106. 

"  Dred  Scott  Decision,"  487,  723. 

Dryden,  Johx,  quotation  from  his 
poem  in  memory  of  Oliver  Cromwell, 
39,  n. 

Duront,  Admiral,  his  capture  of  Port 
Royal,  517. 

Duquesne,  Fort,  459. 

Duty,  the,  of  crushing  the  Rebellion,  re- 
marks at  the  mass  meeting  of  Ward 
Four,  Boston,  in  Tremont  Temple, 
1862,  516. 

Duty,  the,  of  supporting  the  Government, 
address  delivered  in  Faneuil  Hall, 
1864,698. 

Dwight  School  for  Girls,  317,  511. 


E. 


Early,  General,  commander  of  a  de- 
tachment of  EwelPs  corps,  631. 

East  Tennessee,  Aid  to,  remarks  at  a  meet- 
ing in  Faneuil  Hall,  1864,  660;  the 
cause  of,  the  cause  of  the  Union,  ib.  ; 
character  of,  661;  its  mineral  resources, 
ib. ;  its  geographical  features,  662  ;  its 
mountain  range,  ib.  ;  loyalty  of,  ib. ; 
election  in  1861,  663;  cruelty  to  the 
Unionists  of,  ib. ;  letter  from  Judah  P. 
Benjamin,  in  relation  to  Union  pris- 
oners, to  Colonel  W.  B.  Wood,  6S4  ; 
Manumission  Society  in,  720. 

Ecton,  Northamptonshire,  England,  the 
residence  of  the  ancestors  of  Benjamin 
Franklin,  112;  its  tithe-book,  113,114. 

Education,  Female,  i-emarks  at  the  exhi- 
bition of  the  Everett  School,  21st  July, 
1862,  511,  513. 

Education  of  the  Poor,  remarks  made  at 
the  examination  and  exhibition  of  the 
Everett  School,  1863,  614;  education 
of  girls,  619. 

Egypt,  cotton  of,  451. 

Elections  of  1860  and  1864,  747,  748. 

Electoral  College  of  Massachusetts,  reply 
to  a  vote  of  thanks  from  the  Massa- 


chusetts Electoral  College  in  the  Sen- 
ate Chamber,  1864,  747. 
Eliot  School,  founded,  266. 
Eliot  School-house,   remarks  at  the  dedi- 
cation of  the,  1859,  263. 
Ellesmere,   Earl  of,  possessor  of  the 

Bridgewater  Gallerv,  168. 
Ellis,  Rev.  George"  E.,  684,  691. 
Emancipation,  Proclamation  of,  712,  716, 
7J7,  718,  750,  751  ;    constitutionality 
of,  718;    emancipation    no    hindrance 
to  an  honorable    peace,  719;  prohibi- 
tion of  the  slave-trade  regarded  as  the 
commencement  of,  719. 
Emigration  to  the  United  States,  439. 
Employment  for  women  in  Boston,  619. 
Enemies,  duty  to  our,  756-758. 
England, 

Agriculture  in,  442. 
Army  of,  in  Central  India,  505. 
Change  of  Ministry  in,  706. 
Civil  war  in,  654. 

Cotton  Supply  Association  in,  450,451. 
Debate  in  the  House  of  Lords  on  the 
extension  of  the  elective  franchise 
in,  quoted,  286,  297,  298. 
Education  in,  320. 
English  Colonies,  33. 
Independence  of  the  United  States  ac- 
knowledged by,  534. 
Orators  of,  on  secession,  521. 
Orders  in  council,  306. 
Rebellions  in,  644. 
Reform  Bill  in,  296,  297,  298. 
Resolutions  in  parliament,  looking  to 
the  abolition  of  slavery  in  the  British 
West  Indies,  472. 
Scotland,  union  of,  with,  364. 
Slavery  question  in,  471. 
Union  with  Ireland,  in  1800,  363. 
War  between  France  and,  306,  556. 
Wars  of  the  Roses  in,  653. 
"  E  Pluribus  Unuin,"  412. 
Ericsson,    Captain,    inventor   of    the 

Monitor,  671. 
Essex  Agricultural  Society,  remarks  made 
at  the  dinner  of  the,  at  Dan  vers,  1 858, 
65. 
Eugene  Beatjharnois,  Prince,  Vice- 
roy of  Italy,  621  ;   his  marriage,  ib.  ; 
extract  from  a  letter  written  by  Napo- 
leon I.    to,  ib. ;  extract  from   a  letter 
written  by  Napoleon  I.  to  his  wife,  ib. 
Europe, 

European  governments,  declaration  of, 
on  slavery,  the  cause  of  the  Rebel- 
lion, 715;  unfriendly  sentiments  of 
European  nations,  ib. 
Government  in  the  leading  powers  of, 
415;  conduct  of  the  press  in,  on  the 
Rebellion  in  the  United  States,  523 ; 
changes  in   Central,    556;    riots  of, 


768 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


619;  naval  power  of,  669;  revolu- 
tions in,  575. 

Everett,  Alexander  Hill,  Minister 
of  the  United  States  to  Spain,  252. 

Everett,  Edward,  his  experience  dur- 
ing the  prevalence  of  cholera,  in  1832, 
280,  281  ;  President  of  Harvard  Col- 
lege, 311  ;  his  feelings  for  the  South, 
337  ;  letter  from  George  Ticknor  Cur- 
tis to,  406,  508 ;  letter  from  Hon.  Rev- 
erdy  Johnson  to,  407  ;  member  of  Con- 
gress. 469  ;  his  visit  to  President  Jack- 
son, ib. ;  his  personal  efforts  for  peace, 
472,  473  ;  his  friendship  with  President 
Felton,  496 ;  his  visit  to  Washington, 
and  account  of  the  American  army, 
in  1 862,  499  ;  extract  from  a  speech 
delivered  in  Faneuil  Hall,  on  the  Union 
sentiment  in  the  South,  520 ;  his  efforts 
for  the  purchase  of  Mount  Vernon, 
3,  586  ;  President  of  the  Union  Club, 
593  ;  member  of  the  board  of  visitors 
of  the  United  States  Naval  Academy, 
1863,  596;  his  deflth,  759. 

Everett  School,  remarks  at  the  dedication 
of  the  school-house,  1860,  317,  513; 
remarks  at  the  exhibition  of  the,  1862, 
511;  education  of  the  poor,  remarks 
at  the  examination  and  exhibition  of 
the,  1863,  614. 

Ewell's  corps  at  Chambersburg,  630  ; 
at  Hagerstown,  ib. ;  at  Waynesboro', 
ib. ;  on  the  border  of  the  Susquehanna, 
631  ;  his  partial  success  at  Gettysburg, 
638. 

Extemporized  war,  518. 


F. 


Fairfax,  Captain,  commander  of  the  Na- 
val Academy,  at  Newport,  R.  I.,  673. 

Falkland  Islands,  525. 

Faneuil  Hall,  Union  meeting  in,  Dec.  8, 
1859,  remarks  made  at,  235 ;  The 
Duty  of  supporting  the  Government, 
address  delivered  in,  1864,  698. 

Faraday,  Michael,  on  thunder-show- 
ers, 40. 

Farmers  of  the  United  States,  440. 

Farragut,  Admiral  David  G.,  517. 

Faugh  a  ballagh,  546. 

Faulkner,  C.  J.,  720. 

Federal  Constitution,  419. 

Federal  Convention,  project  to  amend  the 
Articles  of  Confederation,  360,  394 ; 
treasury,  395. 

Federal  government  of  the  United  States, 
its  character,  375,  376. 

Federalist,  extract  from  the,  416. 

Felton,  Cornelius  Conway,  Presi- 
dent of  Harvard  College,  189;  inau- 


guration of,  311  ;  remarks  made  at  a 
meeting  of  the  board  of  overseers  of 
Harvard  College,  1862,  491;  his 
death,  ib. ;  his  early  life,  492  ;  teacher 
of  a  private  school,  ib. ;  at  Round 
Hill,  in  Northampton,  ib.  ;  tutor  in 
Harvard  College,  ib.  ;  Professor  of 
Greek  Literature,  ib. ;  his  writings,  ib. ; 
President  of  Harvard  College,  ib.,  495  ; 
his  scholarship,  ib. ;  his  literary  tastes, 
493  ;  his  visits  to  Athens,  ib. ;  attends 
the   lectures    in    the    University    at 

'  Athens,  ib. ;  his  relics  of  Greece,  494  ; 
his  character,  ib.,  495 ;  his  love  of  an- 
tiquity, ib. ;  his  interest  and  care  in 
his  work,  ib. ;  his  extensive  corre- 
spondence, 496  ;  his  literary  honors, 
ib. ;  regent  of  the  Smithsonian  Insti- 
tution, ib. ;  his  temperament,  ib.  ;  his 
friendship  with  Edward  Everett,  ib. ; 
resolutions  passed  on  the  death  of, 
497  ;  notice  of,  508. 

Female  Education,  remarks  at  the  exhi- 
bition of  the  Everett  School,  1862, 
511,  513. 

Female  occupation,  513,  619,  620. 

Fessenden,  Colonel,  431. 

Fibrilla,  449. 

Fiftieth  Anniversary  of  Graduation,  re- 
marks made  in  Harvard  Hall,  on  Com- 
mencement day,  July  17,  1861,  426. 

Fisheries,  the,  complimented  by  Burke, 
377  ;  almost  annihilated  by  the  Revo- 
lution, ib. ;  revival  of  the,  ib. ;  recom- 
mended by  Jefferson  to  the  favor  of 
Congress,  ib. 

Fishing  bounties,  the,  376,  378,  381 ;  com- 
plaint of  the  South  against,  377,378, 
379. 

Flag,  American,  432,  433 ;  fired  on  at 
Fort  Sumter,  327. 

Flag  raising  in  Chester  Square,  remarks 
on  the  occasion  of  raising  the  Ameri- 
can flag  in  Chester  Square,  Boston, 
1861,  326. 

Flax,  experiments  with,  449. 

Flint,  Charles  L.,  Secretary  of  the 
Massachusetts  Board  of  Agriculture, 
442. 

Florida,  ceded  by  Spain  to  the  United 
States,  534,  585,  601  ;  price  paid  for, 
401  ;  secession  of,  571  ;  number  of  vo- 
ters in,  601  ;  population  of,  ib.,  n. 

Floyd,  Mr.,  Secretary  of  War,  474  ;  his 
conduct  in  the  Rebellion,  ib. 

Flying-machine,  488. 

Fontanes,  l'Abise,  extract  from  his 
funeral  oration  on  Washington,  48,  49. 

Fontenoy,  Irish  brigade  at,  546. 

Foote,  Admiral  Andrew  H,  517. 

Force  Bill,  the,  589. 

Foreign  intervention,  danger  of,  716. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


769 


Forsyth.  John,  Secretary  of  State,  his 
anecdote  of  General  Jackson,  269. 

Fort  Delaware,  prisoners  of  war  at,  518. 

Fort  Done/son,  naval  victory  at,  671. 

Fort  Duquesne,  erected  by  the  French, 
459  ;  panic  in  the  British  regiments 
near,  460. 

Fort  Henri/,  naval  victory  at,  671. 

Fort  Jackson,  bombardment  of,  517,  671. 

Fort  Johnson,  Confederate  prisoners  at, 
757. 

Fori   Morgan,  730. 

Fort  Pickens,  577,  585. 

Fort  St.  Philip,  bombardment  of,  517, 671. 

Fort  Sumter,  327,  523,  574,  671  ;  attack 
on,  479,  480,  481,  522,  558,  561,  627. 

Fort  Warren,  members  of  the  Maryland 
Legislature  sent  to,  503  ;  treatment  of 
Confederate  prisoners  at,  757. 

Fortresses,  occupation  of,  at  the  South, 
701. 

"  Forty  Bale  Theory,"  381 . 

Foster,  General  Gideon,  his  valor  on 
the  19th  of  April,  1775,  noticed,  65, 
67. 

Fox,  Charles  James,  quotation  from, 
48. 

France, 

Army  of,  in  Algeria,  400,  505. 
Augustan  Age  in,  324,  457. 
Fear  of  the  guillotine  in,  503. 
Miseries  of  war  in,  656. 
Probability  of  a  war  with,  in  1 798,  367. 
Public  mourning  for  Washington  in, 

48. 
Reign  of  Louis  XIV.  in,  324. 
Relations  between  America  and,  458. 
Revolution  of  1789  in,  237,  461,  555. 
Revolution  of  1848  in,  237. 
Societv  in,  at  the  time  of  the  Revolu- 
tion* of  1789,  237. 

Franklin,  Benjamin,  his  birthplace, 
114;  baptized  at  the  Old  South,  il>. ; 
record  of  his  baptism,  116  ;  early  edu- 
cation of,  117;  his  early  love  of  read- 
ing, 118;  legacy  of,  for  prize  medals, 
119,  121;  bound  apprentice  to  his 
brother,  123  ;  early  writings,  126, 127  ; 
with  Meredith  establishes  a  printing- 
office,  126;  purchases  the  Pennsylva- 
nia Gazette,  publishes  a  pamphlet  on 
paper  currency,  and  "  Poor  Richard's 
Almanac,"  126,  127;  his  skill  in 
his  handicraft,  128;  proves  the  iden- 
tity of  the  electric  fluid  with  lightning, 
287  ;  statue  of,  in  Philadelphia,  104,  n. ; 
burial-place  of  his  parents,  110;  his 
inscription  over  the  graves  of  bis  par- 
ents, 111;  Ecton,  the  home  of  the 
family  in  England,  112,  113;  memo- 
rial of  the  family  of,  113,  114;  monu- 
ment to  the  memory  of,  at  Mount  Au- 


burn, erected  by  Thomas  Dowse,  104, 
123  ;  his  character  as  a  boy,  126,  127  ; 
apprenticed  to  his  cousin,  1*25  ;  extract 
from  the  will  of,  ib.,  128;  his  opinion 
on  independence  in  Jan.,  1775,  713. 

Franklin,  Josiah,  father  of  Benjamin 
Franklin,  emigrates  to  Boston  in  1682, 
112;  epitapli  placed  by  Benjamin  over 
the  grave  of,  111  ;  monument  to  the 
memory  of,  111,  112;  sketch  of  his 
family,  113,  114. 

Franklin,  the  Boston  Boy,  address  be- 
fore the  association  of  Franklin  Medal 
Scholars,  108. 

Franklin  Medal  Scholars,  address  deliv- 
ered before  the  association  of,  108. 

Frederic  the  Great,  character  of,  29. 

Fredericksburg,  General  Hooker  retires 
from,  629. 

French  Revolution  of  1789,  237,  461, 
555;  riots  caused  by  the  children  and 
youth  in  the,  619.     (See  France.) 

French,  General,  his  force,  632 ;  pro- 
tects the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  Rail- 
road, ib. 

Fugitive  slave  question,  387. 

Fugitive  slaves,  number  of,  in  the  States, 
408. 

Fulton,  Robert,  his  invention  of  the 
steamboat,  71,  72;  grant  to  the  as- 
signees of,  207  ;  his  passage  to  Albany 
referred  to,  ib. 


G. 


Gadsden,  Christopher,  at  the  New- 
York  Convention,  in  1765,  355. 

Gage,  Thomas,  Governor  of  Massachu- 
setts, extract  of  letter  from  the  first 
Continental  Congress  to,  on  the  forti- 
fications of  Boston,  356. 

Galilei,  Galileo,  207. 

Gallatin,  Albert,  a  commissioner  for 
preparing  the  United  States  claim  on 
the  Northeastern  Boundary  question, 
214. 

Gallifet,  Monsieur,  his  sugar  planta- 
tion at  St.  Domingo,  242. 

Garat.  Biasco  de,  first  inventor  of 
the  steamship,  68. 

Garibaldi,  309,  488. 

Garnett,  General,  death  of,  640,  643. 

Gauss,  Professor,  6. 

Gat,  Aaron,  88. 

Geary,  General,  engages  the  enemy  at 
Gettysburg,  638. 

Genoa,  the  birthplace  of  Columbus,  re- 
ferred to,  556. 

Geology,  383  ;  Prof.  Sedgwick's  Lectures 
on,  425,426;  researches  in,  in  Amer- 
ica, 383,  456,  457,  458. 


VOL.    Tv. 


49 


770 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


George  III.,  king  of  England,  library 
of  given  to  the  British  Museum,  216; 
end  of  the  reign  of,  302. 

"  George  Griswold,"  the,  sent  laden  with 
provisions  to  Lancashire,  for  the  relief 
of  the  cotton  operatives,  758  ;  burnt  by 
the  pirate  Semmes,  ib. 

Georgia,  discussion  on  secession,  before 
the  legislature  of,  376  ;  removal  of  the 
Indians  from,  378,  569,  709. 

Germany,  principalities  of,  488. 

Gettysburg,  National  Cemetery  at,  ad- 
dress at  the  consecration  of  the,  1863, 
622  ;  Gettysburg,  battles  of,  ib. ;  inva- 
sion of  Maryland  and  Pennsylvania, 
629  ;  strength  of  die  army,  630;  Gen- 
eral Hooker's  pursuit  of  the  enemy, 
631  ;  General  Hooker  relieved,  ib.  ; 
General  Meade  assumes  the  command 
of  the  army,  632 ;  General  Buford's 
reconnoissance,  ib. ;  General  Reynolds's 
movement,  ib.  ;  General  Petigru's  re- 
connoissance, ib.  ;  conflict  of  the  1st  of 
July,  633  ;  Professor  Jacobs's  notes  on 
the,  ib.,  634,  n. ;  General  Reynolds  en- 
gages the  enemy,  634  ;  death  of  Gen- 
eral Reynolds,  ib. ;  arrival  of  General 
Howard,  635  ;  capture  of  General 
Archer,  ib. ;  withdrawal  of  General 
Howard,  ib.  ;  arrival  of  General  Han- 
cock, ib.  ;  arrival  of  General  Slocum 
and  Sickles,  ib. ;  Harman  House  burnt, 
636  ;  battle  of  the  2d  of  July,  ib.  ;  arri- 
val of  General  Sedgwick,  637  ;  renew- 
al of  the  action,  ib. ;  attack  upon  Gen- 
eral Sickles,  ib. ;  repulse  of  the  enemy, 
638 ;  partial  success  of  Ewell,  ib. ; 
General  Geary  engages  the  enemy,  ib. ; 
artillery  duel,  639 ;  attack  upon  the 
Secoml  Corps,  ib.  ;  repulse  of  the 
enemy,  639  ;  Generals  Hancock  and 
Gibbon  wounded,  640  ;  Generals  Arm- 
istead,  Kemper,  Petigru,  and  Trimble 
wounded,  ib.  ;  General  Trimble  cap- 
tured, ib. ;  General  Garnett  killed,  ib.  ; 
retreat  of  General  Lee,  ib. ;  pursuit  of 
the  enemy,  641  ;  movements  of  Gen- 
eral Meade,  ib.  ;  death  of  General  Peti- 
gru, 642 ;  General  Lee  crosses  the 
Rappahannock,  ib.  ;  loss  in  the  Union 
army,    ib.  ;    loss  of  the  Confederates, 

643  ;  capture  of  arms  by  General 
Meade,  ib. ;  succor  to  the  wounded, 
ib.  ;  labors  of  the  Sisters  of  Charity, 

644  ;  important  results  of  the  battles, 
658. 

Ghent,  treaty  between  Great  Britain  and 
the  United  States  made  at,  in  1815, 
676. 

Gibbon,  Edward,  his  "  Decline  and 
Fall  of  the  Roman  Empire,"  138. 

Gibbon,  General,  wounded,  640,643. 


Gibraltar,  523  ;  British  possession  of,  559. 

Gilpin,  Henry  D.,  109;  remarks 
made  at  a  meeting  of  the  Massachu- 
setts Historical  Society,  1860,  268; 
his  ill  health,  ib.  ;  death  of,  ib. ;  honor- 
ary member  of  the  Mass.  Historical 
Society,  ib. ;  birthplace  of,  ib.  ;  ap- 
pointed District  Attorney  of  the  United 
States,  ib. ;  Solicitor  of  the  Treasury 
and  Attorney-General,  ib.  :  character 
of,  ib.,  269  ;  his  publications,  269  ;  his 
writings,  ib.  ;  his  library,  ib. ;  his  schol- 
arship, 270  ;  his  taste  for  the  fine  arts, 
ib.  ;  President  of  the  Pennsylvania 
Academy  of  Fine  Arts,  ib. ;  member  of 
the  Pennsylvania  Historical  Society, 
ib.  ;  his  memory,  ib. ;  his  intimacy  with 
Mr.  Livingston,  ib. ;  his  travels,  271  ; 
his  interest  in  education,  ib.  ;  a  Direc- 
tor of  Girard  College,  ib.  ;  his  private 
character,  ib.  ;  his  pecuniary  affairs,  ib. ; 
resolutions  adopted  by  the  Massachu- 
setts Historical  Society  on  the  death 
of,  ib.,  272. 

Golovnin,  675. 

Goodridge  trial,  1817,  Mr.  Webster  in 
the,  208. 

Gordon,  Lord  George,  and  the  mob 
of  1780,  301. 

Gordon,  William,  his  "  History  of 
the  Rise  of  the  Independency  of  the 
United  States,"  cited,  685. 

Gore,  Christopher,  Governor  of  Mas- 
sachusetts, Daniel  Webster  a  law  stu- 
dent in  his  office,  203  ;  his  bequest  to 
Harvard  College,  695. 

Gore  Hail,  695. 

Gortschakoff,  Prince,  extract  from 
letters  of,  460,  678. 

Government,  free,  412;  the  forms  of,  414, 
415,  416;  progress  in,  413,  414,  417, 
419;  extract  from  Montesquieu  on, 
416;  local  governments,  417  ;  duty  of 
supporting  the,  698. 

Governments,  European,  character  of, 
415. 

Gowan,  mortally  wounded,  in  the  battle 
between  the  Kearsarge  and  Alabama, 
738. 

Graham,  General,  wounded,  642. 

(ii:  wiam,  Sir  James,  677. 

Grahame's  History  of  the  United 
States,  687. 

Granary  Burying-gronnd,  Boston,  110. 

Grant,  General  U.  S.,  his  opinion  on 
the  unity  of  sentiment  in  the  North, 
699  ;  bis  opinion  on  the  second  elec- 
tion of  President  Lincoln,  746. 

Granville,  Lord,  298 ;  his  remark  on 
railway  legislation,  302. 

Gray,  Captain,  discovers  the  entrance 
into  the  Columbia  River,  667. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


771 


Gray,  Francis  Calley,  693. 

Gray,  William,  693. 

Grazing  farms  in  the  West,  44. 

Greece,  relief  sent  to,  by  America,  204, 
758  ;  revolution  in,  203. 

Green,  General  Duff,  prints  the  Par- 
tisan Leader,  589. 

Greenleaf,  Simon,  appointed  to  the 
Rovall  Professorship  of  Law,  in  Har- 
vard College,  694. 

Greenoogh,  Horatio,  his  statue  of 
Washington,  155. 

Greenoogu,  Richard,  152. 

Grenyille,  Hon.  Thomas,  library  of, 
133. 

Grey,  Earl,  on  elections  in  the  Unit- 
ed States,  286  ;  on  railroad  legisla- 
tion, 302 ;  his  remarks  on  the  United 
States'  intercourse  with  foreign  na- 
tions, 304. 

Grimke,  Thomas  Smith,  his  opposi- 
tion to  the  disunion  policy,  589. 

Grote,  George,  his  History  of  Greece 
quoted.  222. 

Guicciardini,  Count,  his  private  collec- 
tion examined  bv  Edward  Everett, 
132. 

Guerillas,  the,  531. 

Gulf  Suites  blockaded,  517. 

Gulf  Stream,  274. 

"  Gulliver's  Travels,"  extract  from,  54. 


II. 


Hale,  Hon.  Charles,  Speaker  of  the 
House  of  Representatives  of  Massa- 
chusetts, 2.32 ;  letter  from  Edward 
Everett  to,  ib. 

Hale,  Nathan,  remarks  made  at  a 
meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Histori- 
cal  Society,   1863,   547;   character  of, 

547,  552;  editor  of  the  Boston  Daily 
Advertiser,    ib.,    548 ;    his   education, 

548,  550  ;  his  rules  of  journalism,  549  ; 
his  genius,  ib. ;  his  maps  on  type  metal, 
ib. ;  employs  the  power-press,  ib.  ;  his 
love  of  geography,  ib. ;  his  taste  for 
mathematics,  ib. ;  his  reading,  550  ;  his 
library,  ib. ;  his  writings,  ib. ;  his  con- 
versation, ib. ;  his  public  speaking,  ib. ; 
an  engineer,  ib. ;  chairman  of  the  first 
board  of  commissioners  for  internal 
improvement,  551;  first  president  of 
the  Worcester-Railroad  Company,  ib. ; 
his  efforts  to  introduce  water  into  Bos- 
ton, ib. ;  obituary  notice  of,  in  the 
Daily  Advertiser,  551  ;  his  connection 
with  the  railroad  system  of  the  United 
States,  552 ;  his  acquaintance  with 
Edward  Everett,  ib. 

Hall,  A.  B.,  449. 


Hallam,  Henry,  137;  death  of,  ib. ; 
his  literarv  reputation,  138;  his  writ- 
ings, 138,"  139,  140;  his  family,  140; 
death  of  his  sons,  ib. ;  created  Doctor 
of  Laws  of  Harvard  College  and  the 
University  of  Oxford,  141  ;  elected 
Honorary  Member  of  the  Massachu- 
setts Historical  Society,*. ;  letter  from, 
to  Edward  Everett,  ib. ;  resolutions  on 
the  death  of,  142. 

Hallam,  Henry,  Jr.,  anecdote  of,  140, 
141. 

Hamilton,  Alexander,  announces  the 
death  of  Washington  to  the  army,  47  ; 
his  Report  on  Manufactures  in  1791, 
384;  portrait  of,  51. 

Hamilton,  James,  Jr.,  Governor  of 
South  Carolina,  extract  from  a  speech 
of,  on  slavery,  410. 

Hampden  County  Agricultural  Society,  ad- 
dress delivered  at  the  banquet  of  the, 
at  Springfield,  1858,  52. 

Hampton  Roads,  the  Monitor  in,  730. 

Hancock  Bridge,  86,  87. 

Hancock,  General  Winfielb  Scott, 
arrival  of,  at  Gettysburg,  635  ;  wound- 
ed, 640,  642. 

Hancock,  John,  extract  from  a  letter 
of,  on  the  siege  of  Boston,  539. 

Hanse  towns,  414. 

Happy  family  (The),  56. 

Hardee,  General,  his  escape  from  Sa- 
vannah, 753. 

Harper's  Ferry,  Virginia,  John  Brown 
at,  239,  360. 

Harris,  created  Lord  Malmesbury,  676. 

Hartford  Convention,  370,  396. 

Harvard  College  in  the  War,  remarks  at 
the  dinner  of  the  Association  of  Alumni 
of  Harvard  College,  1863,  608. 

Harvard  Students,  Opportunities  of,  re- 
marks at  a  dinner  in  Harvard  Hall  on 
Commencement  day,  July  16,  1862, 
507  ;  list  of,  fallen  in  the  Union  army, 
610. 

Harvard  University, 

Nathan  Dane's  bequest  to,  695. 
Dane  Professorship  in,  694. 
Fiftieth    Auiversary    of    Graduation, 
remarks    made    in    Harvard    Hall, 
Commencement.  1861,  426. 
Gore,   Governor  Christopher,  his  be- 
quest to,  695. 
Gore  Hall,  erection  of,  695. 
Historical  writers  educated  at,  428. 
Inauguration  of  President  Felton,  re- 
marks at  the  dinner  of  the  Associa- 
tion of  the  Alumni  of,  July  19,  1860, 
311. 
Observatory  of,  695. 
Prosperity  of,  427. 
Remarks  made  at  a  meeting  of  the 


772 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Board   of    Overseers    of,  1862,   on 
the  death  of  President  Felton,  491. 
Remarks  on  the   death   of  President 
Quincv,  made  in  Harvard  Hall,  July 
20,  1864,  691. 
Sophomore  classes  in,  510. 
Southern  students,  509. 
Volunteers  from,  510. 

Harvey,  Peter,  letter  from  Edward 
Everett  to,  163. 

Hatteras,  Cape,  light-house  near,  77  ;  In- 
let, naval  victory  at,  671,  730. 

Hayes,  Dr.  Isaac  I.,  his  proposed  ex- 
pedition to  the  Arctic  Sea,  27.3  ;  his 
expedition  with  Dr.  Kane,  ib. ;  his 
boat  journey  from  Rensselaer  Harbor 
to  Upernavik,  Greenland,  ib. ;  his  ex- 
cursion to  Grinnell  Land,  274. 

Hayne,  Robert  Y.,  371. 

Hellas,  perfection  of  plastic  arts  in,  187; 
and  the  battle  of  Marathon,  623. 

Hellenic  literature,  493. 

Henry,  Patrick,  his  approval  of  the 
alien  and  sedition  laws,  368. 

Hesse  Ca$sel,  water-works  at,  61. 

Hill,  General,  630. 

Hill,  Rev.  Thomas,  D.D.,  President  of 
Harvard  College,  613. 

Hillvrd,  George  Stillman,  14,  614. 

Holland,  created  an  independent  mon- 
archy, 556. 

Holmes,  Rev.  Abiel,  D.  D.,  his  de- 
scription of  Cambridgeport,  87. 

Holt,  Joseph,  his  defeat  of  the  plan  to 
capture  Washington,  476. 

Holy  Roman  Empire,  556. 

Homer,  294. 

Honors  to  the  Chief  Magistrate  of  the 
nation,  741. 

Hooker,  General  Joseph,  commander 
of  the  Army  of  the  Potomac,  628 ; 
his  defeat  of  the  Rebels'  plans,  ib. ; 
his  movements  to  protect  Washington, 
629  ;  his  pursuit  of  the  enemy,  631  ; 
pursuit  of  Lee,  ib. ;  relieved  by  Gen. 
Meade,  ib. 

Horace,  his  praise  of  Augustus,  193. 

Horse,  noble  qualities  of  the,  53. 

Houdon,  his  statue  of  Washington,  153. 

Houston,  General  Samuel,  Governor 
of  Texas,  562  ;  his  refusal  to  call  the 
legislature  to  act  on  secession,  ib. ; 
threats  offered  to,  ib. 

Howard,  General,  arrival  of,  on  the 
field  at  Gettysburg,  635 ;  his  with- 
drawal to  the  heights,  ib. 

Howe,  Dr.  Samuel  G.,  758. 

Howe,  General  Sir  William,  601  ; 
route  of  his  army  to  Philadelphia,  576. 

Howe,  Hon.  Joseph,  77. 

Hughes,  John,  Archbishop  of  New 
York,  541. 


Hull,  Commodore  Isaac,  669. 

Humboldt,  Alexander  Von,  remarks 
on  the  death  of,  at  a  meeting  of 
the  Massachusetts  Historical  Socie- 
ty, 1859,  170;  his  labors,  ib. ;  his 
travels,  171,  173,  174;  his  literary 
reputation,  172  ;  his  writings,  ib.  ;  his 
life  and  habits,  173,  174,  175;  his 
portrait,  175  :  his  religions  character, 
176. 

Humboldt,  William  Von,  174. 

Hume,  David,  138. 

Hunter,  R.  M.  T.,  of  Virginia,  his  re- 
marks on  slavery,  409. 

Hyde,  Edward,  Earl  of  Clarendon, 
654. 

Hyde,  Mr.,  Master  of  the  Everett  School, 
614. 


I. 


Inauguration  of  President  Felton,  remarks 
at  a  dinner  of  the  Association  of  Alum- 
ni of  Harvard  College,  1860,  311. 

Inauguration  of  the  Union  Club,  Boston, 
address  delivered  at  the,  1863,  553. 

Ineitatus,  the  horse  of  the  Emperor  Calig- 
ula, 55. 

Independence,  Declaration  of,  713. 

India,  Central,  400  ;  England  supplied 
with  cotton  from,  450. 

Indians  of  North  America,  expulsion  of, 
from  Georgia,  378,  709  ;  from  Florida, 
ib. 

Inebriate  Asylum,  New  York  State,  at 
Binghamton,  60. 

Inman  Farm,  Cambridge,  87,  88. 

Ireland,  the  misgovernment  of,  drives  its 
inhabitants  to  America,  543  ;  distress 
of  the  people  of,  in  the  famine  of 
1846-47,  545;  emigration  from,  to 
the  United  States,  542,  545 ;  union 
between  England  and,  in  1800,  363; 
her  condition  before  entering  the  union, 
364  ;  union  opposed  by,  it>. ;  amount  of 
money  sent  back  to  Ireland  from  the 
United  States,  545 ;  relief  sent  to, 
758. 

Irish  emigrants  in  the  United  States,  542, 
545. 

Irish  Regiment,  The,  remarks  at  the  mass 
meeting  in  aid  of  the  Irish  Regiment, 
in  Faneuil  Hall,  1862,  540. 

Irving,  Washington,  remarks  before 
the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society, 
December,  1859,  248  ;  Honorary  Mem- 
ber of  the  Massachusetts  Historical 
Society,  ib. ;  his  literary  career,  ib., 
249,  250,  254  ;  destined'  for  the  law, 
248 ;  his  early  writings,  249,  257,  259  ; 
Edward  Everett's  criticism  on  his 
"  Knickerbocker's    Historv    of    New 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


773 


York,"  ib. ;  his  first  work  known  in 
Europe,  ib.  ;  a  copy  of  his  "  History  " 
sent  to  Sir  Walter  Scott,  ib. ;  his  resi- 
dence abroad,  250,  252,  260  ;  English 
criticism  on  his  works,  ib.  ;  high  prices 
for  his  copyright  sold  in  England,  251  ; 
his  topics,  ib.  ;  his  in.nnner  compared 
with  Addison's,  ib. ;  Samuel  Rogers's 
criticism  on,  ib. ;  early  disappointments, 
252,  261  ;  as  an  essayist,  ib.,  258  ;  his 
first  historical  work,  ib.  •  visits  Mad- 
rid, 253  ;  his  life  of  Washington,  ib., 
254 ;  appointed  Minister  to  Spain, 
ib.,  255  ;  appointed  Charge  d' Affaires 
in  London,  ib.,  255  ;  returns  to  the 
United  States,  254,  255  ;  sketch  of  his 
life,  255,  257,  262 ;  birthday  of,  re- 
marks made  at  the  celebration  of  his 
birthday  in  New  York,  1860,  256. 

Island  Xo.  10,  naval  victory  at,  671. 

Italian  epitaph,  565,  566. 

Italy,  struggle  for  liberty  in,  309,  487, 
488  ;  war  in,  554  ;  Italian  nationality, 
555  ;  miseries  of  war  in,  655. 

Iverson,  Alfred,  of  Georgia,  extract 
from  a  speech  on  the  rijjht  of  a  State 
to  secede,  559,  n.  ;  extract  from  a 
speech  of,  on  Governor  Houston's  re- 
fusal to  act  on  secession,  562. 


Jackson,  Andrew,  President  of  the 
United  States,  his  action  on  nullifica- 
tion, 467  ;  his  measures  in  opposition 
to  nullification,  468,  708 ;  his  idea  of 
the  tariff,  471,  589  ;  his  message  to  the 
nullifiers,  708. 

Jackson,  Thomas  L.,  "  Stonewall," 
527. 

Jamaica,  conquest  of,  by  the  English,  in 
1655,  740. 

James  River  Canal,  sold,  400. 

Jarvis,  Russell,  his  essay  on  the  hard- 
ships of  the  sailor,  733. 

Jay,  John,  216,  385. 

Jay's  Treaty,  384,  385. 

Jefferson,  Thomas,  extract  from  a  let- 
ter to  Mr.  Adams  and  to  Mr.  Monroe, 
on  providing  a  naval  force  against  the 
Barbary  powers,  361  ;  extract  from  a 
letter  to  Colonel  Carrington,  ib. ;  his 
opinion  of  the  power  of  Congress, 
362  ;  Kentucky  resolutions  drafted  by, 
368  ;  chosen  President,  369  ;  his  ad- 
ministration, 370  ;  author  of  the  Dec- 
laration of  Independence,  389  ;  and 
the  slavery  question,  ib. ;  ordinance  on 
slavery  reported  by,  ib.  ;  his  notes 
on  Virginia,  390  ;  his  negotiation  for 
the    purchase    of    Louisiana  for   the 


United  States,  403,  601,  708  ;  opposi- 
tion to,  704. 

Jefferson  County,  Xew  York,  address  de- 
livered before  the  Union  Agricultural 
Society  of,  435. 

Jenkins,  General,  at  Chambersburg, 
630  ;  retires  to  Hagerstown,  ib. ;  at 
Waynesboro',  ib. 

Johnson,  Justice,  on  the  utility  of  the 
cotton-gin,  386. 

Johnson,  General,  wounded,  643. 

Johnson,  Hon.  Reverdy,  his  speech 
delivered  at  Frederick,  Md.,  quoted, 
373  ;  his  account  of  Mr.  Calhoun's 
opinion  on  the  right  of  secession,  ib. 
407  ;  letter  from,  to  Edward  Everett, 
407,  559,  n. 

Johnson,  Samuel,  LL.D.,  anecdote  of, 
83  ;  his  visit  to  the  scene  of  the  ravages 
of  the  mob  in  1 780,  502  ;  on  the  condi- 
tion of  the  sailor,  732. 

Johnston,  Colonel  Benjamin  P.,  Sec- 
retary of  the  State  Agricultural  So- 
ciety of  New  York,  442,  444. 

Joinville,  Prince  de,  his  opinion  of 
the  United  States  Naval  Academy, 
672. 

Jonson,  Ben,  his  description  of  Cicero, 
40. 

Joseph  Napoleon,  king  of  Naples, 
and  of  Spain,  461  ;  his  residence  in 
America,  ib. ;  his  acquaintance  with 
Edward  Everett,  ib. 

Junius,  301. 

Jupiter  Capitolinus,  190. 


Kansas,  attempt  to  introduce  slavery 
into,  473,  710. 

"  Kearsarge,"  U.  S.  steamer,  reception 
given  to  the  officers  and  seamen  of 
the,  in  Faneuil  Hall.  1864,  737  ;  a  din- 
ner given  to  the  officers  and  seamen 
of  the,  at  the  Revere  House,  741. 

Kemper,  General,  wounded  at  Gettys- 
burg, 640,  643. 

Kennedy,  J.  C.  G.,  Superintendent  of 
the  Census  Bureau,  408. 

Kentucky,  resolutions  of,  passed  1798, 
368,  369,  709  ;  resolve  reaffirming  the 
resolutions  of  1798,  369  ;  not  concurred 
in  by  other  States,  ib. ;  Confederate 
troops  in,  562. 

Key  West,  477,  585. 

Kimball,  General,  wounded,  643. 

King,  Rufus,  48. 

"  King  Cotton,"  383. 

Kirkland,  John  T.,  D.  D.,  President 
of  Harvard  College,  his  administra- 
tion, 693. 


774 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Klopstock,  Frederic,  29. 

Knapp,  John  Francis,  Mr.  Webster  at 

the  trial  of,  208  ;  referred  to,  218. 
Kotzebue,  Augustus  Frederic  von 

675. 
Krusenstern,  675. 


L. 

Laboulaye,  Edouard,  his  opinion  of 
Washington,  46. 

Lactantius,  509. 

Ladies'  Mount  Vernon  Association,  4,  6. 

Lafayette,  Marie  Paul  Joseph  Gil- 
bert de  Motier,  Marquis  de,  his 
connection  with  Washing-ton,  48. 

Lancashire,  England,  relief  sent  from 
America  to  the  operatives  of,  758. 

Lan raster,  Dr.,  449. 

Latin  School,  Boston,  Prize  Declamation 
at,  1859,  143. 

Laurkns,  Henry,  sent  to  the  Tower  in 
London,  563. 

Lawrence,  Hon.  Abbott,  his  late  resi- 
dence inaugurated  as  the  Union  Club 
House,  1863,  593. 

Lee,  Eliza  Buckminster,  her  descrip- 
tion of  Daniel  Webster,  228,  228,  n. 

Lee,  Richard  Henry,  713. 

Lee,  General  Robert  E.,  581,  628;  his 
attempts  to  defeat  Hooker,  629  ;  re- 
tires from  Fredericksburg,  ib.  ;  his  in- 
vasion of  Maryland,  ib.  ;  his  report, 
630 ;  loss  of  his  cavalry,  ib-  ;  orders 
Ewell's  corps  to  Carlisle  and  York,  ib. ; 
pursuit  of,  by  General  Hooker,  631  ; 
retreat  of,  640 ;  his  report  on  Union 
prisoners,  641  ;  crosses  the  Rappahan- 
nock, 642. 

Lessoffsky,  Rear- Admiral  of  the  Rus- 
sian Navy,  banquet  given  to,  674. 

Lexington,  Massachusetts,  battle  of,  21. 

Libhy  Prison,  Richmond,  treatment  of 
Federal  prisoners  in,  756. 

Liberia,  emigration  of  manumitted  slaves 
to,  409. 

Light-house  on  Minot's  Ledge,  75 ;  de- 
stroyed, 76. 

Lincoln,  Abraham,  elected  President 
of  the  United  States,  474,  476,  532, 
565,  627,  714;  plan  to  exclude  him 
from  the  Presidential  chair,  ib. ;  plot 
to  assassinate  him,  ib.,  627  ;  his  inau- 
gural address,  474,  476 ;  his  personal 
inspection  of  the  army,  499 ;  his  call 
for  troops,  ib. ;  inaugurated,  522  ;  sends 
provisions  to  Fort  Sumter,  ib. ;  his  ad- 
ministration, 581  ;  nomination  of,  in 
1864,  699;  the  abandonment  of  slav- 
ery insisted  on  by,  710;  his  policy, 
711,  712,  713;   his  first  proclamation 


of  emancipation,  717,  718,  750,  751  ; 
"President  Lincoln,"  remarks  by  Ed- 
ward Everett  at  the  dinner  to  Captain 
Winslow  and  the  officers  of  the  Kear- 
sarge,  1864,  741  ;  honors  to  the  Chief 
Magistrate  of  the  nation,  ib. ;  his  intel- 
lectual capacity,  743 ;  his  conscien- 
tious discharge  of  his  duties,  ib. ;  his 
kind-heartedness,  744  ;  his  personal  ap- 
pearance, ib. ;  objections  against,  ib. ; 
opposition  party  against,  745  ;  his  re- 
election, 748. 

Lincoln,  Frederic  W.,  Jr.,  Mayor  of 
Boston,  674. 

Lincoln,  Levi,  Governor  of  Massachu- 
setts, 747. 

Lindsay,  Mr.,  703. 

Literature,  increase  of,  in  America,  428. 

Little,  Master,  Edward  Everett's  in- 
structor in  reading,  263. 

LivermOre,  George,  one  of  the  exec- 
utors of  the  late  Thomas  Dowse, 
105;  his  services  in  connection  with 
Mr.  Dowse's  library,  ib. 

Liverpool,  England,  account  of  a  school 
in,  321  ;  Liverpool  Daily  Post,  450. 

Livingston,  Edward,  his  proclama- 
tion on  nullification,  467. 

Livingston,  Mr.,  269,  270. 

Livingston,  Chancellor  Robert  R., 
his  interest  in  Fulton's  invention,  71. 

Livy,  extract  from,  609. 

Locke,  John,  extract  from  his  "  Essay 
on  the  Human  Understanding,"  603. 

Logan,  the  Indian  chief,  337. 

Lombardy,  190. 

London,  mobs  of,  in  1780,  502,  503,  619. 

London  Times,  extract  from  the,  449. 

Longstreet,  General,  630;  at  Cham- 
bersburg,  ib. 

Loraine,  address  before  the  Union  Agri- 
cultural Society  of,  435. 

Lord  Chancellor  of  England,  office  of, 
300. 

Loring,  Hon.  Charles  G.,  chairman 
of  the  committee  of  the  Union  Club, 
593. 

Lorme,  Marion  de,  68 ;  her  account 
of  Solomon  de  Caus,  69. 

Louis  XIV.,  King  of  France,  abuses  of 
the  law  and  the  tyranny  which  distin- 
guished his  reign,  324;  paltry  preten- 
ces of  his  wars,  569 ;  defeat  of  his  ar- 
mies, 115;  his  colony  of  Louisiana, 
402,  462  ;  his  cabinet,  460. 

Louis  Napoleon,  fear  of,  in  France,  503. 

Louis  Philippe,  king  of  the  French, 
237  ;  acknowledges  the  wrong  of  the 
imperial  government  towards  the  Unit- 
ed States,  306 ;  treaty  negotiated  be- 
tween the  United  States  and  France 
by,  ib. ;  on  government,  413. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


775 


Louisiana,  the  ancient  province  of,  the 
proudest  memorial  of  the  name  of 
Louis  XIV.,  402  ;  ceded  to  the  United 
States,  403,  404,  462,  534,  681  ;  culti- 
vation of  cotton  in,  467  ;  cost  of,  401  ; 
division  of  the  territory  of,  404  ;  se- 
cession of,  ib. ;  population  of,  578. 

Lowell,  Massachusetts,  named  in  honor 
of  Francis  C.  Lowell,  423  ;  manufac- 
tures of,  423. 

Lowell,  Francis  C,  his  agency  in  the 
establishment  of  the  cotton  manufac- 
ture in  the  United  States,  422  ;  the  city 
of  Lowell  named  in  honor  of,  423. 

Lowell,  John,  LL.  D.,  his  efforts  to  es- 
tablish an  Observatory  in  Cambridge, 
695. 

Lowndes,  William,  his  opinion  of 
Daniel  Webster,  199;  supports  a  tar- 
iff, 423. 

Luther,  Martin,  29. 

Lutke,  675. 

Lyndhcrst,  John  Singleton  Cop- 
let,  Lord,  300,  n. 


M. 

Macaulay,  Lord,  his  remark  on  the 
restoration  of  the  Stuarts,  502 ;  his  re- 
marks on  Ireland,  543. 

Macbeth,  James,  wounded,  738. 

Machinery,  Sir  H.  Arkwright's  improve- 
ments in,  385. 

Mackintosh,  Sir  James,  680. 

McClellan,  Major- General  George 
B.,  518,  562  ;  his  removal  from  office, 
581  ;  love  of  the  army  for,  582  ;  his  vic- 
tories, 582  ;  his  parting  words  to  the 
army,  ib.  ;  nomination  of,  700  ;  extract 
of  a  letter  from,  on  the  preservation  of 
the  Union,  711;  his  views,  ib. ;  a  change 
of  issue  ascribed  by  him  to  the  reverse 
at  Bull  Run,  712.  " 

McClure,  Captain,  discovers  the  North- 
west Passage,  275. 

Mcdonough,  Commodore,  670. 

McDuffie,  General,  369. 

McGuike,  J.  C,  Esq.,  publishes  the 
Madis.m  Papers,  1853,  371. 

Madison,  James,  President  of  the  Unit- 
ed States,  author  of  the  Virginia  Res 
olutions,  366,  368,  371  ;  his  report 
noticed,  explaining  and  defending  the 
Virginia  Resolutions,  369,  477 ;  ap- 
pointed Secretary  of  State,  369 ;  his 
letter  to  Edward  Everett  on  nullifi- 
cation, 371  ;  his  opposition  to  nulli- 
fication, 371,  469,  708;  his  last  words 
for  the  Constitution,  477 ;  his  protest 
against  nullification,  709. 

Madison  Papers,  269,  371,  n. 


"  Malbrook,"  the  song   still   in   use    in 

France,  83. 
Mansfield,  Lord,  his  political  warfare 

with  Lord  Chatham,  301. 
Manufactures,  expansion   of  in   modern 
times,  514;  protective  policy  concern- 
ing, 382,  383,  385  ;    in  New  England, 
382 ;    of    the     United  States,  created 
by  the  embargo  and  war  of  1812,  382  ; 
cotton,  in  the  United  States,  382,  383, 
384. 
Manufacturing  system  of  the  North,  382. 
Marathon,    the    battle    of,  623 ;  honor  to 

the  memory  of  the  fallen  at,  623. 
March,  Fourth  of,  1861,  627. 
Marcy,    William    L.,    Secretary    of 

State,  6. 
Marine  hospitals,  rules  of,  729. 
Mar! i),  water-works  at,  61. 
Marshall,  John,  Chief  Justice  of  the 
United  States,  18  ;  his  opinion  of  Dan- 
iel Webster,  202  ;  extract  of  a  letter  to 
Justice  Story  from,  ib.  ;  his  approval  of 
the  Alien  and  Sedition  Laws,  368;  his 
labors  for  the  Constitution,  477. 
Maryland,   invasion    of,   625,   626,  629  ; 

Rebel  army  enters,  631. 
Mason,    Jeremiah,    his    criticism    of 
Daniel  Webster's  speech  on  the  Greek 
Revolution,  1823,  203. 
Mason,  John  M.,  capture  of  Slidell  and, 
from  a  British   steamer,  524,  558  ;  ex- 
tract of  a  letter  from,  537,  561. 
31ass  meeting  of  Ward  Four,  remarks  on 
the  duty  of  crushing  the  Rebellion,  516  ; 
on  Boston  Common,  remarks  made  at 
a,  1862,  530  ;  in  Faneuil  Hall,  to  aid 
the  Irish  regiment,  1862,  540. 
Massachusetts,    Board    of  Education  of, 
73  ;  cotton-mills    erected  in,  384  ;    or- 
der  of  the  Legislature  regarding  the 
oration    at  the    inauguration  of  the 
statue  of  Webster,  232. 
Massachusetts   Agricultural    Society,    Re- 
ports of  the,  442. 
Massachusetts   Electoral    College  of  1864, 
remarks  in  reply  to  a  vote  of  thanks 
from  the  Massachusetts  Electoral  Col- 
lege,in  the  Senate  Chamber,  1864,  747. 
Massachusetts  Historical  Society, 

Statement  relative  to  the  preparation 
and  delivery  of  the  oration  on  Wash- 
ington, read  before  the,  3. 
Donation   of  the  Library  of  Thomas 

Dowse  to  the,  79,  81,  100,  105. 
Euloiry  on  Thomas  Dowse,  delivered 

before  the,  Dec.  9,  1858,  79-107. 
Remarks  in   commemoration  of  Wil- 
liam Ilickling  Prescott  before   the, 
1859,  130. 
Remarks  at  a  private  meeting  of  the, 
on  the  death  of  Henry  Haliam,  137. 


776 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Resolutions  passed  by  the,  on  the  death 

of  Hallam,  142. 
Remarks  on  the  death  of  Alexander 

Von  Humboldt,  1859,  170. 
Remarks  made  before  the,  on  the  death 

of  Washington  Irving,  1859,  248. 
Remarks  made  on  the  death  of  Henry 

D.  Gilpin,  before  the,  1860,  268. 
Remarks  made  on  the  death  of  Daniel 
Dewey  Barnard, before  the,1861,339. 
Remarks  at  a  stated  meeting  of  the,  in 
commemoration  of  Josiah  Quiney, 
1864,  684. 

Mauna  Lon,  26. 

Meade,  Major-General  George  G.,  as- 
sumes the  command  of  the  Army  of  the 
Potomac,  626,  632 ;  movements  of, 
641,  642. 

Meagher,  General  Thomas  F.,  541. 

Melbourne,  Lord,  139. 

Melville,  Lord,  his  acquittal,  1806, 
301  ;  opinion  of  the  Lord  Chancellor 
of  England  in  regard  to,  ib. 

Memphis,  Tennessee,  naval  victory  at, 
671. 

Menneval,  Baron,  private  secretary  of 
Napoleon  I.,  414. 

Mercantile  Library  Association  of  Boston, 
address  delivered,  February  22,  1856, 
before  the,  1,5;  Causes  and  Conduct  of 
the  Civil  War,  address  delivered  before 
the,  1861,  464. 

Mercier,  engineer  at  the  construction 
of  Fort  Duquesne,  459. 

Mexico,  war  with,  401,  709;  acquisition 
of  the  Mexican  territory  of  Texas  by 
the  United  States,  391,  473,  534;  re- 
colonization  of,  by  France,  England, 
and  Spain,  484. 

Mignet,  M.,  132. 

Milledf/eville,  Georgia,  discussion  on  se- 
cession at,  376. 

Miller,  Hugh,  80. 

Miltiades,  father  of  Cimon,  623. 

Milton,  John,  294. 

Minnesota,  steam  frigate,  671. 

Minot's  Ledge,  remarks  at  the  laying  of 
the  corner-stone  of  the  light-house  on, 
1858,  75  ;  destruction  of  the  light-house 
at,  17th  April,  1851,  76. 

Mississippi  River,  bll  ;  opening  of  the, 
701. 

Mississippi,  State  of,  secession  of,  571. 

Missouri  Compromise,  471,  472  ;  repeal  of 
the,  473,  710,  723. 

Missouri  River,  the  great  tributary  of  the 
Mississippi,  577. 

Missouri,  State  of,  debate  on  the  admis- 
sion of,  471  ;  invasion  of,  by  Confed- 
erate troops,  562. 

Mitchell's  map  of  the  Northeastern 
Boundary,  216. 


Model  Republic,  the,  533! 

Moliere,  Jean  Baptiste  Poquelin, 
inscription  on  the  bust  of,  311. 

Monitor,  the,  501,  671,730;  her  contest 
with  the  Merrimac,  ib. 

Monk,  General  George,  502  ;  his  armv, 
ib. 

Monroe,  James,  President  of  the  Unit- 
ed States,  calls  the  attention  of  Con- 
gress to  the  Greek  Revolution,  1823, 
203  ;  extract  of  a  letter  from  Mr.  Jef- 
ferson to,  361  ;  his  Cabinet,  390,  745  ; 
sent  to  France  to  negotiate  for  the  Isle 
of  Orleans,  404 ;  character  of  his  ad- 
ministration, 580  ;  his  negotiation  with 
Spain  to  cede  Florida  to  the  United 
States,  601  ;  his  intellectual  capacity, 
743. 

Montesquieu,  extract  from  an  article 
on  government  by,  416,  417,  419. 

Montgomery ,  Alabama,  leaders  of  seces- 
sion at,  478;  seat  of  the  Confederate 
government,  480;  excitement  at,  after 
the  attack  on  Fort  Sumter,  ib. 

Montgomery, Major-General  Richard, 
545. 

Morris,  Hon.  Oliver,  53. 

Morris,  Commodore,  597. 

Morris,  Lieutenant,  on  board  the  Cum- 
berland frigate,  730. 

Motley,  J.  Lothrop,  his  "History  of 
the  Netherlands,"  429 ;  his  communi- 
cations to  the  London  Times,  429. 

Mount  Vernon,  inherited  by  George 
Washington,  1753,  445;  proposal  for 
the  purchase  of,  1  ;  purchased  by  the 
Trustees  of  the  fund,  1 5 ;  description 
of,  445  ;  culture  of  tobacco  stopped  at, 
446. 

Mount  Vernon  Fund,  4,  6,  15. 

Mount  Vernon  Papers,  15. 

Mulligan,  General,  500. 


N. 


Naples,  prison  discipline  in,  63. 

Napoleon  I.,  Emperor  of  France,  or- 
ders public  mourning  and  a  solemn 
funeral  service  in  honor  of  Washing- 
ton, 461 ;  his  invasion  of  Russia,  45  ; 
his  character  contrasted  with  that  of 
Washington,  30;  his  mistakes,  49;  his 
ambition,  402  ;  receives  from  Spain  the 
territory  of  Louisiana,  ib.  ;  cedes  Lou- 
isiana to  the  United  States,  ib.,  462, 
578  ;  his  treaty  with  President  Jeffer- 
son of  April  30, 1803,  601  ;  correspond- 
ence of,  presented  to  the  Public  Li- 
brary of  the  city  of  Boston,  620 ;  ex- 
tract from  a  letter  of,  to  his  step-son 
Prince  Eugene,  621 ;  his  escape  from 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


77 


Elba,  671  ;  his  expedition  to  Russia, 
682. 

Napoleon  III.,  Emperor,  his  gift  to  the 
Public  Library  of  Boston,  620. 

Napoleon,  Prince,  address  of  welcome 
to  his  Imperial  Highness  at  the  dinner 
at  the  Revere  House,  1861,  457;  his 
travels  through  the  United  States  and 
North  America,  458. 

Napoleon.  Joseph,  king  of  Naples  and 
Spain,  462;  his  residence  in  Amer- 
ica, ib. ;  his  acquaintance  with  Edward 
Everett,  ib. 

National  debt  and  credit  of  the  govern- 
ment, 702. 

National  Intelligencer,  extract  from  the, 
on  the  Union  sentiment  in  the  South, 
521. 

Natural  Bridge,  in  Virginia,  1 1 . 

Nature,  adaptation  of,  to  the  wants  and 
comforts  of  man,  447 ;  economy  of, 
447. 

Naval  Academy  of  the  United  States, 
596,  673,  674  ;  board  of  visitors  of  the, 
ib.  ;  removal  of  the,  from  Annapolis  to 
Newport,  603  ;  term  of,  altered  from 
four  to  three  years,  604  ;  offer  of  the 
city  of  Newport  to  the,  604  ;  Prince  de 
Joinville's  opinion  of  the.  673 ;  opin- 
ion of  a  captain  in  the  British  Navy, 
673. 

Naval  achievements  during  the  Rebellion, 
702,  730. 

Naval  power  of  the  European  nations, 
669. 

Naval  schools,  676. 

Navarrete,  Secretary  of  the  Royal 
Spanish  Academy  of  History,  225 ; 
his  writings,  253. 

Navigation  Act,  Edward  Rutledge  on  a, 
380  ;  petitioned  for,  383. 

Navigation  laws  of  the  United  States, 
379. 

Navy  of  the  United  States,  380. 

Navy,  The,  in  the  War,  remarks  at  a 
dinner  to  the  Committee  on  Naval  Af- 
fairs of  the  House  of  Representatives, 
1864,  666  ;  condition  of  the,  at  the 
outbreak  of  the  Rebellion,  670  ;  extent 
of  the  line  of  blockade,  ib. ;  increase 
of  the,  ib.,  702  ;  construction  of  an  iron- 
clad, 672. 

Nelson,  Horatio,  Viscount,  his  inef- 
fectual pursuit  of  Napoleon,  672. 

New  England,  maritime  population  of, 
667  ;  wives  and  mothers  of,  513. 

"  New  England  Courant,"  the  publication 
of,  commenced  August,  1721,  by  James 
Franklin,  126. 

New  Orleans,  capture  of,  by  the  Federal 
troops,  1862,  517,  671. 

Newport,  R.   I.,  offer  of  the  city  to  the 


United  States  of  a  site  for  the  Naval 
Academy,  604. 

News-boys  of  Boston,  512. 

Newton,  Sir  Isaac,  295 ;  his  statue  in 
Trinity  College,  189. 

New  York  City,  convention  in,  1765,  355  ; 
draft  riots  of  1863  in,  618  ;  burning  of 
the  armory  in,  ib. 

New  York  Ledger,  15. 

New  York  State  Inebriate  Asylum,  remarks 
at  the  laying  of  the  corner-stone  of  the, 
60. 

Nicholas  I.,  Emperor  of  Russia,  cor- 
respondence of,  414;  personal  appear- 
ance of,  677. 

Nicholas,  Wilson  Cart,  resolve 
drafted  by,  on  the  Alien  and  Sedition 
Laws,  369. 

Nightingale,  Florence,  her  nurs- 
ing of  the  wounded  in  the  Crimea, 
324. 

Nineteenth  of  April,  "  twice  consecrated," 
726. 

Nootka  Sound,  possession  of  claimed  by 
the  British,  525. 

Norfolk,  Virginia,  naval  victory  near, 
1862,  671. 

North,  products  of  the  South  and  the,  447, 
448  ;  ill-feeling  between  the  South  and, 
567. 

Northeastern  Boundary,  dispute  between 
Great  Britain  and  the  United  States, 
209-216,  486,  524,  525,  575. 

Nullification,  335,  366,  369,  371,  372,  407, 
467,  468  ;  popularity  of  Gen.  Jackson's 
decided  measures  in  opposition  to, 
371. 


O. 


Ocean  steam  navigation,  72. 

O'Connell,  Daniel,  his  appeals  to  the 
people  of  Ireland,  364  ;  his  appeal  in 
Parliament  for  justice  to  Ireland,  542. 

Odeltjc,  Mr.,  death  of,  242. 

Ohio,  State  of,  fertility  of  the  soil  of, 
442  ;  agriculture  in,  ib. 

Old  Baileu,  the,  plundered  by  the  mob  in 
1780,  503. 

Omar,  his  remark  on  the  destruction  of 
the  Alexandrian  Library,  609. 

Onslow.  Speaker,  anecdote  of,  507. 

Opportunities  of  Harvard  Students,  re- 
marks at  the  dinner  in  Harvard  Hall, 
on  Commencement  day,  1862,  507. 

Orders  in  Council,  and  the  Berlin  and 
Milan  decrees,  200,  306,  307. 

Oswald,  Mr.,  British  Envoy  to  the 
United  States,  214;  Webster  treaty 
negotiated  by,  ib. 

Otis,  James,  his  statue  at  Mount  Au- 
burn, 189. 


778 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Ovid,  New  York,  Agricultural   College 
at,  444. 


Pacific  Islands,  degradation  of  the  tribes 
of  the,  617. 

Paddock,  Major  Adino,  trees  planted 
by  him  on  Tremont  Street.  Boston,  110. 

Palmer,  Dr.  Joseph,  610  ;  his  Necrol- 
ogy of  Harvard  Students  in  the  Union 
Army,  ib.,  611. 

Palmerston,    Lord,   his  Cabinet,  745. 

Parable  of  the  Pharisee  and  the  Publican, 
229. 

Paris,  treaty  of,  460. 

Parker,  Hon.  E  G.,  his  motion  on  the 
Webster  eulogy,  231. 

Parker,  Chief  Justice  Isaac,  694. 

Parsons,  Professor  Theophilus,  letter 
from,  to  Edward  Everett,  relating  to 
Powers's  statue  of  Webster,  160. 

Partisan  Leader,  the,  589. 

Patterson,  David  T.,  a  prisoner  of 
war,  664. 

Patterson,  Judge,  his  proposal  to 
amend  the  Articles  of  Confederation, 
360. 

Pausanids,  his  visit  to  Athens,  623. 

Peabodt,  Francis  H.,  treasurer  of 
the  Mount  Vernon  Fund,  14. 

Peace  Congress  of  1861,  resolutions  of 
the,  573  ;  adopted  by  the  Senate,  ib. 

Peel,  Sir  Robert,  in  the  Northeastern 
Boundary  question,  210,215. 

Pender,  General,  death  of,  643. 

Penn,  William,  Admiral,  commands 
the  expedition  to  the  West  Indies,  in 
1665,  740. 

Pennsylvania,  Historical  Society  of,  ad- 
dress on  the  character  of  Washington, 
delivered  before  the,  6 ;  Washington's 
call  for  troops  to  suppress  the  insur- 
rection in,  360,  446  ;  invasion  of,  1863, 
625,  626,  629. 

Pensacola,  capture  of,  by  the  Union 
forces,  517. 

Pensacola,  naval  victory  at,  671. 

Pericles  and  his  age,  188,  414. 

Perkins,  Mr.,  of  Attleborongh,  281. 

Perry,  Commodore  Oliver  Hazard, 
patriotic  services  of,  670. 

Peter  the  Great,  of  Russia,  28, 
676. 

Petigru,  Hon.  James  L.,  his  remark 
on  the  sanity  of  South  Carolina, 
574,  575  ;  his  opposition  to  the  dis- 
union policy,  588. 

Petigru,  General,  his  reconnoissance 
at  Gettvshurg,  632 ;  wounded,  640 ; 
death  of,  642,  643. 

Phelps,  Hon.  Charles  A.,  President 


of  the  Senate,  232  ;  letter  from  Ed- 
ward Everett  to,  ib. 

Phidias,  188. 

Philip  of  Macedon,  579. 

Phillips,  Edward  B.,  his  magnificent 
bequest  to  the  Observatorv  of  Harvard 
College,  696. 

Phipps's  Farm,  East  Cambridge,  87. 

Pickens,  Colonel,  prisoner  of  war,  664  ; 
his  death,  ib.,  n. 

Pinckney,  Charles  Cotesworth.Ius 
remarks  on  the  independence  of  the 
United  States,  358 ;  his  approval  of 
the  act  prohibiting  the  extension  of 
slavery,  472. 

Pinkney,  Hon.  William,  his  opinion 
on  the  injustice  of  slavery.  390. 

Pitt,  William,  Earl  of  Chatham,  the 
vi<ror  of  his  administration,  25. 

Pittsburg,  Pennsylvania,  built  on  the  site 
of  Fort  Duquesne,  459. 

Plassey,  battle  of,  25. 

Pleasonton,  General,  defeats  Stuart's 
cavalry,  629,  630. 

Pliny,  extract  from  his  works,  452. 

Poinsett,  of  South  Carolina,  his  oppo- 
sition to  the  disunion  policy,  588. 

Political  progress  in  the  17th  century,  25, 
26,  27. 

Politics,  a  third  party  in,  1860,  700. 

Poor  whites,  the,  and  the  rich  planters, 
72. 

Pope,  Alexander,  quotation  from, 
412. 

Population  of  the  United  States,  increase 
of,  67. 

Porter.  Commodore,  517. 

Port  Hudson,  naval  victory  at,  671. 

Port  Royal,  naval  victory  at,  671.  730. 

Potomac,  the  Army  of  the,  498,  625  ; 
reinforcement  of,  506. 

Powers,  Hiram,  his  statue  of  Webster, 
146;  the  first  statue  lost  at  sea,  147; 
criticism  of  the  statue,  158,  159;  his 
other  works,  168. 

Preble,  Commodore,  his  expedition 
against  the  Barbary  States,  669. 

Prescott,  William  Hickling,  re- 
marks before  the  Massachusetts  His- 
torical Society  in  commemoration  of, 
1859,  130  ;  death  of,  ib. ;  his  character, 
131  ;  his  historical  works,  ib.,  132,  429 ; 
his  literary  reputation,  ib.,  133,  134; 
his  blindness,  135. 

Presidential  election  of  1860,  474. 

Prisoners  of  war,  518,  664. 

Proclamations  of  Emancipation,  582. 

"  Prodigals,"  defection  of  Mr.  Calhoun 
from  the,  469. 

Protective  policy  and  duties,  382,  424. 

Public  Library  of  Boston,  distinguished 
visitors  to  the,  675. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


779 


Q. 


Quantrell,  General,  refuses  quarter  to 
colored  troops,  652  ;  sells  free  colored 
rueu  as  slaves,  ib. 

Quebec,  capture  of,  by  the  British,  in 
1759,  21. 

Questions  of  the  Day,  the,  Address  deliv- 
ered in  the  Academy  of  Music,  July 
4,  1861,  345. 

Questions  to  be  solved  by  the  elections 
during  the  Rebellion,  698. 

Quincy,  Josiah,  Jr.,  died  1775;  his 
patriotic  services,  685  ;  his  report  of 
Lord  Chatham's  speeches,  685 ;  Me- 
moir of,  by  Josiah  Quincy,  ib. 

Quincy,  Josiah,  remarks  at  a  stated 
meeting  of  the  Massachusetts  Historical 
Society,  in  commemoration  of,  1864, 
684  ;  senior  member  of  the  Massachu- 
setts Historical  Society,  ib. ;  his  his- 
torical works,  685  ;  his  Memoir  of  Jo- 
siah Quincy,  Jr.,  ib.  ;  his  Municipal 
History  of  Boston,  687  ;  his  Memoir 
of  J.  Q.  Adams,  688  ;  his  History  of  the 
Boston  Athenaeum,  689;  his  various 
public  offices,  ib. ;  first  citizen  of  Boston, 
690;  the  Administration  of,  remarks  in 
Harvard  Hall,  on  Commencement  day, 
1864,  691  ;  his  death,  ib.  ;  his  charac- 
ter, ib.  ;  prosperity  of  his  administra- 
tion, ib.  ;  his  activity  and  skill  in  es- 
tablishing the  Law  School,  694  ;  his 
efforts  to  erect  Dane  and  Gore  Halls, 
694,  695  ;  his  professional  studies,  695  ; 
his  labors  for  the  Observatory,  696. 


R. 


Radicals,  the,  469. 

Railway  legislation,  302,  303. 

Randolph,  John,  his  report  on  slavery, 
390. 

Randolph,  Thomas  Jefferson,  his 
plan  of  emancipation,  720. 

Rappahannock,  attempt  to  force  the  pas- 
sage of  the,  628. 

Rarey,  Mr.,  56,  57. 

Rpiid'-i/le,  barracks  at,  619. 

Rebellion,  Southern,  Hag-raising  in  Ches- 
ter Square,  remarks  on  raising  the 
American  flag,  1861,  326  ;  Fort  Sumter 
tired  on,  327,  330;  The  Call  to  Arms, 
remarks  at  Roxbury,  1861,  in  behalf 
of  the  families  of  the  volunteers,  330 ; 
war  opened  by  the  South,  ib.,  436  ; 
military  force  of  the  South.  331  ;  mobs 
in  the  South,  ib. ;  call  for  troops  by  the 
President,  ib.  ;  withdrawal  of  Southern 
members  from  Congress,  334  ;  extract 
from  Jefferson  Davis's  inaugural  ad- 


dress, ib.,  351 ;  secession  doctrine,  335, 
347,  352,  372 ;  Articles  of  Confedera- 
tion, ib. ;  the  Questions  of  the  Day,  ad- 
dress delivered  in  the  Academy  of 
Music  in  New  York,  July,  1861,  345; 
ordinance  of  secession,  348 ;  extract 
from  Alexander  H.  Stephens's  speech 
at  Savannah,  351,  431  ;  extract  from 
Jefferson  Davis's  message,  1861.  357, 
358,  388,  391, 409 ;  the  secession  school, 
360,  372,  396  ;  right  of  secession,  364  ; 
365 ;  ordinance  of  secession  in  Vir- 
ginia, Hi.,  366 ;  convention  at  Rich- 
mond, ib.  ;  discussion  at  Milledgeville 
on  secession,  376  ;  motives  for  seced- 
ing, 380,  381,  387,  475,  476,  477,  592; 
government  of  the  Confederate  States, 
391 ;  complaints  against  the  North  by 
the  South,  392  ;  the  South's  injustice, 
393 ;  the  Confederate  leaders,  and 
Major  Anderson,  398,  475,  481,  587, 
588,  628 ;  civil  war  and  belligerent 
rights,  399,  400 ;  effects  of  secession, 
ib. ;  disunion  press  in  Virginia,  ib,  ; 
Louisiana  secedes,  400 ;  letter  from 
George  Ticknor  Curtis  to  Edward 
Everett,  406  ;  letter  from  Hon.  Reverdy 
Johnson  to  Edward  Everett,  on  seces- 
sion, ib. ;  the  Twelfth  Massachusetts 
Regiment,  remarks  at  the  presenta- 
tion of  colors  to  the  Webster  regiment, 
on  Boston  Common,  1861,431  ;  Daniel 
Webster's  opinion  on  peaceful  seces- 
sion, 433  ;  agriculture  as  affected  by 
the  war,  435  ;  civil  war  in  the  United 
States,  436  ;  effect  of  the  Rebellion  on 
the  cotton  trade  of  the  South,  451  ; 
sacrifices  of  the  North,  465  ;  secession 
leaders,  466,  473,  475,  476  ;  Confeder- 
ate documents,  ib.  ;  commencement  of 
the  war,  474,  627,  628  ;  plot  to  capture 
Washington,  ib.,  627  ;  winter  of  1860- 
61,  475  ;  Union  meetings  in  the  North, 
ib. ;  spring  of  1861,  476,  627  ;  failure 
of  the  plan  to  capture  Washington,  ib., 
627;  Disunionists  in  Virginia,  477; 
Border  States,  478;  measures  taken  to 
induce  them  to  secede,  ib. ;  inter-State 
slave-trade,  ib.  ;  attack  on  Fort  Sum- 
ter, 479,  480,  481  ;  effect  of  the  attack 
on  Fort  Sumter,  ib. ;  fruits  of  secession, 
484,  485,  487,  488,  533  ;  result  of  fif- 
teen months'  war,  500,  501  ;  Union  vic- 
tories, ib.,  516  ;  Massachusetts  regiment 
assaulted  in  Baltimore,  503  ;  members 
of  the  Maryland  Legislature  sent  to 
Fort  Warren,  ib. ;  interference  of  for- 
eign powers,  504,  505  ;  Rebellion  and 
the  cause  of  humanity,  ib. ;  state  of  the 
country,  516  ;  Fortress  Monroe  and 
the  Norfolk  Navy- Yard  in  the  hands 
of  the  Federals,   ib.  ;    Burnside  and 


780 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


his  troops,  ib.  ;  expedition  against 
Roanoke  Island,  ib.  ;  Port  Royal 
taken  by  the  Union  forces,  517;  the 
Southern  coast  blockaded,  ib-  ;  cap- 
ture of  New  Orleans,  ib. ;  Western 
Virginia  emancipated,  ib.  ;  the  Union 
army  near  Richmond,  518;  Union 
men  forced  into  the  Rebel  service,  ib.  ; 
prisoners  of  war,  ib.  ;  Southern  plans, 
ib. ;  the  Cotton  States  and  secession, 
519;  Union  sentiment  in  the  South, 
520,  521  ;  Colonel  Straight's  Report, 
ib.  ;  Mrs.  Campbell  and  Union  re- 
cruits, ib.,  521  ;  question  of  secession 
in  British  Parliament,  521  ;  commis- 
sioners sent  to  Washington  to  purchase 
the  forts,  ib. ;  attack  on  Port  Sumter, 
522,  627  ;  Mr.  Lincoln  sends  provisions 
to  Fort  Sumter,  ib. ;  the  vessel  tired 
upon,  ib. ;  claims  of  secession,  523,  527, 
536,558, 559  ;  persecution  of  Union  men 
in  slave  States,  537,  538 ;  secession 
question,  557,  559  ;  threats  of  the  Con- 
federacy, 558  ;  first  acts  of  rebellion, 
561  ;  compared  with  the  American 
Revolution  by  England,  563  ;  secession 
of  Mississippi,  Florida,  and  Alabama, 
'571  ;  withdrawal  of  Senators  from  the 
United  States  Senate,  572 ;  feeling  in 
the  South,  573  ;  Committee  of  Thirty- 
three,  ib. ;  despatches  of  the  Confeder- 
ate government,  578;  disunion  policy 
of  the  Cotton  States,  and  the  proceed- 
ings in  the  Senate  of  the  United  Suites 
on  the  Crittenden  Resolutions,  588  ; 
disunion  in  the  South,  589 ;  invasion 
of  Maryland  and  Pennsylvania,  625, 
626,  629  ;  fall  of  Vicksburg,  ib.  ;  vic- 
tories of  the  Army  of  the  Potomac  at 
Gettysburg,  ib.  ;  army  of  the  Rebels, 
628  ;  attempt  to  force  the  passage  of 
the  Rappahannock,  628 ;  General  Lee's 
attempts  to  defeat  General  Hooker, 
and  capture  Washington,  628,  629 ; 
defeat  of  Stuart's  cavalry,  ib.,  630  ; 
General  Lee's  entrance  into  Maryland, 
ib.  ;  Ewell's  corps  at  Chambersburg, 
ib.  ;  Generals  Longstreet  and  Hill  at 
Chambersburg,  ib. ;  force  of  the  Rebel 
army,  ib. ;  Ewell's  corps  at  Carlisle 
and  York,  ib. ;  Confederates  at  Cum- 
berland Valley,  631  ;  Union  army  in 
pursuit  of  General  Lee,  ib.  ;  General 
Hooker  relieved,  ib. ;  General  Meade 
commander  of  the  Union  army,  ib. ; 
battles  of  Gettysburg,  629  -  659  ;  in- 
itiation of  the,  645  ;  crime  of,  646 ; 
spirit  of  the  653  ;  downfall  of  the,  657  ; 
aid  to  East  Tennessee,  660  ;  the  cause 
of  East  Tennessee  the  cause  of  the 
Union,  ib.  ;  loyalty  of  Tennessee,  662  ; 
letter  of  Judah  P.  Benjamin  on  the 


treatment  of  prisoners  of  war,  664; 
the  navy  in  the  war,  666  ;  condition  of 
the  navy  at  the  outbreak  of  the,  670 ; 
extent  of  the  line  of  blockade,  ib.  ;  in- 
crease of  the  navy,  ib.,  702  ;  destruc- 
tion of  the  "  Atlanta,"  671 ;  the  Moni- 
tor, ib. ;  her  contest  with  the  Merrimac, 
ib. ;  Captain  Worden,  ib.,  672  ;  sink- 
ing of  the  Cumberland  frigate,  ib. ; 
burning  of  the  Congress  frigate,  ib. ; 
the  Minnesota  steam  frigate,  ib. ;  the 
Alabama,  672  ;  Russia  in  the,  678  ; 
questions  to  be  shown  by  the  elections 
during  the,  698  ;  the  war  prosecuted 
with  vigor,  701  ;  recovery  of  the  Border 
States  and  opening  of  the  Mississippi, 
ib. ;  occupation  of  fortresses  at  the 
South,  ib. ;  vast  efforts  in  the,  to  raise 
armies,  ib. ;  British  pirates  destroyed, 
ib.  ;  naval  achievements,  702 ;  the  na- 
tional debt,  and  credit  of  the  govern- 
ment, 702  ;  foreign  relations,  ib. ;  com- 
plaints of  the  opposition,  703  ;  injustice 
of  the  charges  against  government, 
704 ;  the  preservation  of  the  Union 
the  object  of  the  war,  711  ;  General 
McClellan's  views,  ib. ;  a  change  of 
issue  described  by  General  McClellan, 
712;  slavery  the  cause  of  the,  714; 
declaration  of  European  governments 
on  the  cause  of  the,  715  ;  declaration 
of  Alexander  II.  Stephens,  ib. ;  danger 
of  foreign  intervention,  716  ;  acknowl- 
edgment of  the  Confederacy  demand- 
ed by  the  South,  ib. ;  the  President's 
first  proclamation  of  emancipation, 
717;  emancipation  no  hindrance  to  an 
honorable  peace,  719;  the  civil  war, 
724  ;  Edward  Everett's  efforts  against 
the  Rebellion,  ib. ;  the  Union  party  of 
1860,  725;  outbreak  of  the,  ib.',  19th 
of  April,  726  ;  no  danger  of  servile  in- 
surrection, 727  ;  naval  victories,  730  ; 
destruction  of  the  Alabama,  738  ;  death 
of  Go  wan,  ib. ;  James  Mncbeth  and 
John  W.  Dempsey  wounded,  ib.  ;  state 
of  the  country,  748 ;  relief  of  Savan- 
nah, 753  ;  suffering  in  Savannah,  ib., 
755  ;  Union  sentiment  in  the  South, 
754 ;  treatment  of  Union  prisoners, 
757  ;  treatment  of '  Confederate  pris- 
oners, ib. 

Reformation,  wars  of  the,  569. 

Reinforcements,  the  demand  for,  530. 

Relations  des  Je'suites,  458. 

Relief  of  Savannah,  remarks  made  in 
Faneuil  Hall,  to  aid  the  suffering  people 
of  Savannah,  1865,  753. 

Remarks  at  the  reception  of  Captain 
Winslow,  and  officers  and  seamen  of 
the  Kearsarge,  in  Faneuil  Hall,  1 864, 
737. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


781 


Rensselaer,  General  Stephen  Van, 
341. 

Republican  Senators  and  the  Crittenden 
Resolutions,  590,  591. 

Restrictive  system,  422. 

Revenue  law  enacted,  383. 

Revolution,  American,  changes  in  the 
Revolutionary  contest,  712. 

Reynolds,  General,  his  movement, 
632  ;    his  death,  634,  642. 

Rhode  Island,  cotton  manufactures  in, 
in  1789,  384. 

Rice,  Alexander  Hamilton,  chair- 
man of  the  Naval  Committee,  666,  672. 

Rich,  Obadiah,  United  States  consul 
at  Valencia,  253. 

Richelieu,  Cardinal,  sends  Solomon  de 
Caus  to  a  mad-house,  69. 

Richmond  press  and  the  Baltimore  and 
Ohio  Railroad,  576 ;  convention  at, 
366  ;  emissaries  sent  from,  627. 

Richmond  Young  Men's  Christian  Associa- 
tion, I  ;  discourse  on  Washington,  de- 
livered before  the,  March  19,  1856,  5. 

Riggs,  George  W.,  general  treasurer 
of  the  Mount  Vernon  Association,  15. 

Rio  Grande,  naval  victory  of  the,  671. 

Rives,  William  C,  treaty  negotiated 
between  France  and  the  United  States 
by,  306. 

Roanoke  Island,  expedition  against,  516  ; 
naval  victory  at,  671. 

Robertson,  William,  D.  D.,  131,  132, 
138. 

Robespierre.  503. 

Rocroi,  Conde'  on  the  night  before  the 
battle  of,  referred  to,  205. 

Rodman,  New  York,  address  delivered  be- 
fore the  Union  Agricultural  Society  of, 
435. 

Rogers,  Commodore,  669. 

Rogers,  Samuel,  his  criticism  of  Ir- 
ving, 251. 

Roman  forum,  190. 

Rome,  ancient  constitutions  of,  471. 

Roscoe,  William,  founds  the  first  athe- 
naeum in  Liverpool,  322. 

Rosecrans,  General,  562. 

Rodbiliac,  his  statue  of  Newton  in 
Trinity   College,   189. 

Roundheads,  the,  502. 

Ruggles,  S.  B.,  his  experiments  with 
flax,  449. 

Rumset,  Mr.,  his  experiments  with 
steam,  70. 

Russell,  Lord  John,  his  praise  of 
O'Connell,  542. 

Russia  and  the  United  States,  remarks 
at  a  dinner  uiven  by  the  City  Council 
of  Boston  to  Rear  Admiral  Lessoff'^ky 
and  the  officers  of  the  Russian  fleet, 
at    the    Revere    House,    1864,    674; 


mediation  of,  in  the  war  of  1812,  676  ; 
railroads  constructed  in,  677  ;  Russia  in 
the  Crimean  war,  ib. ;  in  the  Rebel- 
lion, 678. 
Rutledge,  Edward,  his  speech  in  the 
South  Carolina  Convention  of  1788, 
380 ;  his  opinion  of  the  United  States 
navy,  668. 


Sailor,  the  sufferings  and  the  perils  of 
the,  732  -  736. 

Sailors'  Home,  remarks  at  the  opening  of 
the  fair  for  the  benefit  of  the,  in  the 
Boston  Theatre,  1864,  729. 

St.  Alhan's,  battle  of,  in  1455,  653. 

St.  Domingo,  insurrection  at,  extract  from 
account  of  the,  242  ;  number  of  slaves 
in,  244 ;  recolonized  by  Spain,  484, 
577. 

St.  Leonard,  Lord,  300,  n. 

St.  Louis,  inauguration  of  the  Univer- 
sity in,  315;  Union  sentiment  in, 
503. 

St.  Petersburg,  railway  from,  to  Moscow, 
677. 

San  Itdi/onso,  treaty  of,  403,  462. 

San  Lorenzo  el  Real,  treaty  of,  402. 

Sanitary  Convention,  remarks  at  the  din- 
ner of  the,  in  Boston,  1860,  277. 

Santa  Rosa,  577. 

Savannah,  the  relief  of,  remarks  at  a  pub- 
lic meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall  in  aid  of 
the  suffering  people  of,  1865,  753; 
suffering  in,  ib.,  755  ;  under  the  Federal 
government,  ib. ;  public  meeting  in  be- 
half of,  ib. ;  Union  sentiment  in,  754  ; 
good-will  between  the  people  of,  and 
General  Sherman's  army,  754 ;  want 
of  food  in,  755. 

Sclavonian  race,  24. 

Scott,  Lieutenant-General  Winfield, 
the  second  American  who  has  ever 
held  that  title,  433 ;  ordered  to  the 
frontier  of  Maine  in  1841,  210;  or- 
dered to  Fort  Moultrie  in  1832,  467. 

Scott,  Sir  Walter,  Bart.,  his  infirmi- 
ty, 85  ;  bust  of,  by  Chan  trey,  in  the 
Dowse  Library,  ib. 

Scott,  Sir  William,  presides  over  the 
British  Court  of  Admiralty,  307  ;  cre- 
ated Lord  Stowell,  307  ;  his  fortune, 
ib. ;  his  opinion  on  the  Orders  in 
Council,  ib. 

Scotland,  364 ;  minority  in,  opposed  to 
Union,  ib. ;  insurrections  in,  ib. 

Seamen,  increase  of,  during  the  war  of 
the  Rebellion,  729. 

Secession  in  the  Southern  States,  334, 
335,  347,  352,  360,  475 ;  ordinance  of, 
in  South  Carolina,  349;   effort  to  re- 


782 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


peal  the  ordinance  ratifying  the  Con- 
stitution of  the  United  States,  ib.,  350  ; 
school  of,  360,  365,  374,  396,  709; 
right  of,  363,  364,  365  ;  ordinance  of, 
in  Virginia,  365,  366 ;  laws  of  the  se- 
ceding States,  368 ;  Mr.  Calhoun's 
opinion  on  secession,  372 ;  peaceful 
secession,  373,  397 ;  discussion  of 
the  subject  at  Milledgeville,  376  ;  mo- 
tives of,  380,  381,  387,  533,  534;  ef- 
fects of,  400,  484,  485 ;  Daniel  Web- 
ster's opinion  on,  433  ;  claims  of,  536  ; 
the  secession  question,  557,  559  ;  Gov- 
ernor Houston's  refusal  to  call  the  leg- 
islature of  Texas  to  act  on,  562 ;  the 
South  not  in  favor  of,  651. 

"  Seculum  Mirabile,"  the,  24. 

Sedition  law,  opposition  to  the,  368. 

Sedgwick,  General,  his  arrival  at  Get- 
tysburg, 637. 

Selkirk,  Alexander,- 507. 

Seminole  War,  709. 

Semmes,  General,  killed,  643. 

Semmes,  "  Admiral,"  burns  the  ship 
George  Griswold,  758. 

Sepoy  Rebellion,  25. 

Servile  insurrection,  no  danger  of,  727. 

Session  House  of  London,  plundered 
by  the  Protestant  mob  in  1780,  503. 

Seven  Years'  War,  in  America,  354, 
459,  460;  declared  in  Europe,  19; 
Washington  in  the,  ib. ;  close  of  the, 
21  ,  effects  of  the,  ib. 

Shakespeare,  294. 

Sharon,  N    Y.,  springs  at,  576. 

Shaw,  Chief  Justice  Lemuel,  693. 

Shaw,  Major  Samuel,  his  Journals 
and  Life,  by  President  Josiah  Quincy, 
688. 

Shepherdstoivn,  Maryland,  Longstreet  at, 
630. 

Sherman,  General,  his  capture  of  Savan- 
nah, 733  ;  his  kindness  and  bravery, 
759. 

Shirley,  William,  Governor  of  Mas- 
sachusetts, appointed  commander-in- 
chief  of  the  Royal  forces  of  British 
America,  19  ;  death  of  his  son  at  Brad- 
dock's  defeat,  20. 

Sickles,  General  Daniel  E.,  his  arri- 
val at  Gettysburg,  635  ;  attack  upon, 
637;  wounded,  642. 

Simancas,  archives  of,  132. 

Skiuldeisrand,  Mr.,  Swedish  consul  at 
Algiers,  171. 

Slavery,  slaves  in  the  Southern  States, 
243,  386 ;  fugitive  slave  question, 
376,  386,  387,^527.  592  ;  slavery  abol- 
ished in  the  Northern  States,  388 ; 
opposition  to,  ib.  ;  reason  for  its  aboli- 
tion at  the  North,  389  ;  laws  passed  to 
prohibit  the  African  slave-trade,    ib., 


471  ;  acts  of  the  first  Congress  on,  ib. ; 
named  in  the  original  draft  of  the  Dec- 
laration of  Independence,  389 ;  the 
slave-trade  forbidden  in  Virginia  by 
State  law,  ib.  ;  ordinance  against  slav- 
ery in  the  Territories,  390, 47 1 ,  592  ;  the 
word  excluded  from  the  Constitution, 

390  ;  Congress  authorized  to  abolish  it 
in  the  United  States  in  twenty  years, 
ib.  ;  St.  George  Tucker's  treatise  on 
slavery,  ib.  ;  question  of,  in  Maryland, 
ib. ;  Mr.  Randolph's  opinion  of  slavery, 
ib. ;  importation  of  slaves  into  Missis- 
sippi and  Louisiana  prohibited,  390; 
Southampton  massacre,  ib.  ;  bill  for 
the  abolition  of,  in  Virginia,  ib. ; 
Northern  sentiments  on  the  subject  of, 

391  ;  complaint  of  the  South  on  the 
subject  of,  392;  number  of  fugitive 
slaves  in  all  the  States,  408,  409,  504  ; 
manumission  of  slaves,  ib.  ;  prosperity 
of  slavery,  409  ;  extract  from  a  speech 
by  Senator  Hammond  on,  410  ;  extract 
from  Alexander  H.  Stephens's  speech 
on,  ib.  ;  slavery  and  the  Southern  Con- 
federacy, 453,  454  ;  attempt  to  abolish, 
in  England  and  the  United  States, 
471;  discussion  on,  472;  anti-slavery 
agitation,  473  ;  attempt  to  force  slavery 
on  Kansas,  473,  710  ;  inter-State  slave- 
trade,  478  ;  reopening  of  the  African 
slave-trade  recommended,  ib. ;  act  for- 
bidding the  introduction  of  slaves  into 
the  Confederacy  from  States  not  be- 
longing to  it,  ib  ;  border  slave  States, 
536  ;  the  abandonment  of  slavery  re- 
quired by  Abraham  Lincoln  as  a  con- 
dition of  peace,  710;  slavery  the  cause 
of  the  war,  714  ;  declaration  to  Euro- 
pean governments,  715;  declaration  of 
Alexander  H.  Stephens,  ib.  ;  prohibi- 
tion of  the  slave-trade  regarded  as  the 
commencement  of  emancipation,  719  ; 
early  movements  in  the  South  for  the 
abolition  of,  720,  722  ;  denounced  in 
the  Virginia  Legislature,  ib. ;  Thomas 
Jefferson  Randolph's  plan  of  emanci- 
pation, 720  ;  C.  J.  Faulkner's  remark 
on  the  evils  of,  ib.  ;  early  regarded  as 
an  evil,  722 ;  belief  that  it  could  be 
sustained  by  the  African  slave-trade, 
ib.  ;  the  ordinance  of  1787,  ib  ;  slaves 
work  with  more  energy  in  view  of 
compensation,  727  ;  two  million  of 
slaves  emancipated  by  the  war,  ib. ; 
slave  States,  new,  added  to  the  Union, 
723. 

Seidell,  John,  572,  601  ;  his  refusal  to 
vote  in  favor  of  the  Crittenden  Resolu- 
tions, 572. 

Slocum,  General,  his  arrival  at  Gettys- 
burg, 635. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


r83 


Smiles,  Mr.,  extract  from  Ms  biography 
of  George  Stephenson,  303. 

Soden  Farm,  Cambridge,  87. 

Solferino,  victory  of,  239. 

Sophia,  Electress  of  Hanover,  settle- 
ment of  the  crown  in  the  family  and 
person  of,  115. 

Soul,  immortality  of  the,  697. 

South,  the,  327," 328,  334,  473;  products 
of  the,  447,  448;  cotton  of  the,  ib.  ; 
loss  to  the  South  by  secession,  450  ; 
refusal  to  pay  their  debts,  484  ;  leaders 
of  the,  473  ;  pirates  of  the,  484  ;  Union 
sentiment  of  the,  501,  562,  754  ;  feel- 
ing in  the,  573,  651,  754  ;  revolution  of 
public  opinion  at  the  South,  720  ;  pop- 
ulation diminished  at  the,  727  ;  popula- 
tion to  be  supplied  by  immigration,  728. 

South  Carolina,  secession  of,  348,  475, 
521,  591  ;  ordinance  of,  to  dissolve 
the  Union  between  other  States  and, 
348 ;  repeal  of  the  ordinance  of  May 
23,  1788,  349  ;  action  of  the  legislature 
on  the  protective  duties,  382  ;  amend- 
ment of  the  revenue  law,  384 ;  cause  of 
secession,  387;  letter  on  ratification  of 
the  constitution  by,  406  ;  cotton-fields 
of,  466  ;  her  convention,  467  ;  erects 
batteries  against  Sumter,  522  ;  disunion 
policy  in,  588. 

South,  post-office  bounty  in  the,  378. 

South  Sea  frauds,  302. 

Southampton  massacre  in  Virginia,  1831, 
390,  472. 

Sovereignty,  meaning  of  the  term,  362. 

Spain,  threatens  to  close  the  mouth  of 
the  Mississippi,  402;  once  contained 
eight  independent  kingdoms,  487  ;  her 
American  colonies  assert  their  inde- 
pendence, 680. 

Sparks,  Jared,  LL.  D.,  his  criticism 
on  Prescott,  134  ;  his  discovery  of  the 
"  red  line  "  map  of  North  America, 
211  ;  his  "  Diplomatic  Correspondence 
of  the  Revolution,"  549. 

Springfield,  Mass.,  cattle-show  at,  1858, 
52.' 

Stael,  Madame  de,  her  flattery  to 
Alexander  the  First  of  Russia,  412. 

Stamp  Act,  passed  in  1765,  354,  423. 

Stanhope,  Earl  of,  his  criticism  of 
Powers's  statue  of  Webster,  168,  169; 
his  remark  on  the  attempt  of  Charles 
Edward  to  gain  the  throne  of  Eng- 
land, 502. 

Stapylton,  Mr.,  secretary  of  Mr.  Can- 
ning, the  British   Minister,  680. 

Star  of  the  West,  steamer,  fired  upon  at 
Charleston,  522,  591. 

State  of  the  country,  748. 

State,  coercion  of  a,  360. 

Slate   Inebriate  Asylum  at  Binghamton, 


New  York,  remarks  at  the  laying  of 
the  corner-stone  of  the,  Sept.  24,  1868, 
60,  n. 

State  sovereignty,  354,  709. 

States,  founders   and  destroyers  of,  647. 

Steam-engine,  invention  of  the,  68,  70. 

Steam  navigation,  68,  69,  70. 

Stearns,  Professor  Asaiiel,  694. 

Stephens,  Alexander  H,  Vice-Pres- 
ident of  the  Southern  Confederacy, 
333,  376  ;  his  opinion  of  the  United 
States  government,  ib.,  565  ;  quotation 
from,  ib.,  337,  565  ;  and  the  civil  war, 
351  ;  his  speech  on  the  Confederacy, 
378  ;  extract  from  a  speech  on  retiring 
from  public  life,  410  ;  his  remark  on 
the  authors  of  the  Rebellion,  501,568; 
his  speech  of  Nov,  1860,  quoted,  519  ; 
conversation  between  Mr.  Toombs  and, 
on  secession,  520 ;  his  declaration  on 
slavery,  715  ;  his  remark  on  the  views 
of  the  South  on  slavery,  720  ;  extract 
from  a  letter  on  emancipation,  750,  751. 

Stephenson,  George,  Mr.,  180;  his 
biography  by  Mr.  Smiles,  303. 

Stevenson,  Hon.  Andrew,  American 
Minister  to  England,  210. 

Stevenson,  J.  Thomas,  425. 

Stewart,  Commodore,  670. 

Storey,  Charles  W.,  Secretary  of  the 
Union  Club,  593. 

Story,  Joseph,  LL.  D.,  his  statue  at 
Mount  Auburn,  1 89  ;  letter  from  Chief 
Justice  Marshall  to,  202  ;  elected  to  the 
Dane  Professorship  in  Harvard  Col- 
lege, 694. 

Stowell,  Lord,  his  visit  to  the  scene  of 
the  riots  in  London,  in  1780,  with  Dr. 
Johnson,  502. 

Straight,  Colonel,  his  report  on  rescu- 
ing Union  men  from  secession  States, 
520 

Stcart,  Gilbert,  5. 

Stdart's  cavalry,  628,  631  ;  defeat  of, 
629,  630;  at  the  Blue  Ridge,  ib. 

Sturgis,  Hon.  William,  enterprise  of 
667. 

Sulgrave,  Home  of  the  Washington^  in 
England,  112. 

Sumter,  Fort,  American  flag  fired  on 
at,  327,  330 ;  attack  on,  479,  480,  481. 

Susquehanna  Hirer,  576. 

Swift,  Jonathan,  Dean  of  St.  Pat- 
rick's, criticism  of  his  writings,  54. 

Symmes,  Captain  John  C,  his  theory, 
488. 


Talleyrand,  Perigord  -  Charles- 
Maurice  de,  his  opinion  of  the  inva- 
sion of  Spain,  710. 


784 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Tallow-chandler,  anecdote  of  the,  312. 

Tariff,  as  a  protective  policy  towards 
American  manufactures,  381,  589  ; 
supported,  and  afterwards  opposed  by 
John  C.  Calhoun,  469 ;  opposed  by  a 
portion  of  the  South  as  unconstitu- 
tional, 381  ;  the  alleged  reason  for  se- 
cession, ib. ;  General  Jackson's  opin- 
ion of  the,  471,  589. 

Taxation,  apportionment  of  direct  taxa- 
tion, 395  ;  basis  of  taxation  and  rep- 
resentation, ib.,  723  ;  amount  of  direct, 
to  1861,  723. 

Taylor,  Rev,  Edward  T.,  his  labors 
in  behalf  of  the  sailors,  733. 

Taylor,  Colonel  N.  G.,  660,  758. 

Taylor,  John,  his  motion  on  the  Vir- 
ginia resolutions,  369. 

Taylor,  General  Zachary,  his  admin- 
istration,  407. 

Tecumseh,  sinking  of  the,  730. 

Tennessee,  Union  sentiment  in,  503  ;  aid 
to  East  Tennessee,  660 ;  the  cause 
of,  ib.  ;  mineral  resources,  ib. ;  its 
geographical  features,  662  ;  its  moun- 
tain range,  ib. ;  loyalty  of,  ib. ;  elec- 
tion of  1861  in,  663;  sufferings  of 
the  Unionists  in,  ib. ;  bridges  burnt 
hy  the  Union  men  of,  ib. ;  letter  from 
Judah  P.  Benjamin  to  Colonel  W.  B. 
Wood,  in  relation  to  prisoners  of  war 
in,  664  ;  Manumission  Society  in,  720. 

Tennessee  River,  course  of  the,  661. 

Teredo,  the,  380. 

Territory,  cost  of,  401. 

Texas,  State  of,  cost  of,  401  ;  an- 
nexed to  the  United  States,  472,  535, 
710;  question  of  her  seceding,  578; 
new  slave  States  in,  723. 

Thackeray,  Mr.,  743. 

Thayer,  John  E.,  trustee  of  the  Mount 
Vernon  Fund,  14. 

Thayer,  Nathaniel,  trustee  of  the 
Mount  Vernon  Fund,  14. 

Themistocles,  quotation  from,  as  re- 
corded by  Plutarch,  36 ;  and  the  tro- 
phies in  the  Ceramicus,  189. 

Third  party,  a,  in  1860,  700. 

Thouars,  Admiral  Dp  Pettit,  death 
of,  275 

Three-Corner  Meadow,  53. 

Ticknor,  George,  133,  142,  170,  172. 

Tigris,  alabaster  on  the  banks  of  the,  187. 

Tileston,  Master,  Edward  Everett's  in- 
structor in  writing,  263,  265. 

Tithes-book  of  Ecton,  Northampton- 
shire, 113. 

Tobacco,  consumption  of,  in  the  United 
States,  448. 

Toombs,  Mr.,  376,  591  ;  and  the  Crit- 
tenden Resolutions,  590. 

Tortugas,  577,  585. 


Treaty  of  Paris,  460. 

Trimble,  General,  wounded  and  cap- 
tured, 640,  643. 

Truro,  Lord,  300,  n. 

Tucker,  Judge  St.  George,  his  disser- 
tation on  Slavery,  390. 

Tucker,  Professor  Beverly,  author  of 
the  "  Partisan  Leader,"  589. 

Tunis,  war  declared  between  France  and, 
171. 

Twelfth.  Massachusetts  Regiment,  remarks 
at  the  presentation  of  colors  to  the 
Webster  regiment,  on  Boston  Com- 
mon, 1861,  431. 


U. 


Union  Club,  address  delivered  at  the  in- 
auguration of  the  Union  Club  in  Bos- 
ton,   1863,    553,    593;    inauguration 

of  the  Club  House  in  Park  Street,  593. 
Union,  efforts  for,  743. 
Union  meeting  in  Faneuil   Hall,  remarks 

made  at  a  meeting  in  Faneuil  Hall, 

1859,  235. 
Union  party  in  the  Southern  States,  588, 

725  ;  persecutions  of  Union  men  at  the 

South,  538. 
"  Union,  the,  as  it  was,"  721,  723. 
United  States, 

Alien  Act  of,  1798,  367. 

Border  States,  536. 

Boundaries  of  the,  531,  532. 

Call  for  troops  in  the  war  of  the  Re- 
bellion, 330,331. 

Charges  brought  aerainst  the,  in  the 
House  of  Lords,  298,  299. 

Civil  war  in  the,  330,  331,  336,  345, 
351. 

Colleges  in  the,  315. 

Confederation  of  the,  358,  361,  418. 

Congress,  Continental,  of  1774,  356; 
their  first  appeal  to  the  Royal  author- 
ity, on  the  fortifications  of  Boston, 
their  address  to  the  king  quoted,  ib. ; 
ib. ;  their  organization  of  local  gov- 
ernments, 417 ;  action  of,  in  Octo- 
ber, 1774,  712. 

Constitution  of,  319,  333,  335,  349, 
353,  476,  533,  556,  583,  584  ;  amend- 
ments to  the,  335,  350 ;  provisions 
of  the,  648. 

Constitutional  checks,  296. 

Convention  signed  between  France 
and,  461. 

Courts  of  justice  in,  300,  301  ;  integ- 
rity of  the,  ib. 

Degeneracy,  alleged,  of  the,  288,  295, 
298. 

Direct  taxation  in  the,  395. 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


785 


Early  commercial   enterprise   in   the, 

667. 
Education  in,  293. 
Election  of  1860,  347,  348. 
Electoral  franchise  in  the,  288,  297. 
Federal  government  of  the,  484. 
Fine  arts,  increase  of  the,  in  the,  293. 
Fishing  bounties,  376-381. 
Foreign  relations  of  the,  702. 
France,  war  with,  1798,  200;  alliance 
with,  358,  460  ;  treaty  of  1800,  462. 
Government  of  the,  373,  374,  375,  417, 
483  ;   complaints  against  the,  703  ; 
injustice  of  the  charges  against  the 
government,  704. 
Grants  of  power  to  the  government  of 

the,  353. 
Growth  of  the,  419,  553. 
Impressment  in  the,  306,  307. 
Independence  of  the,  418. 
Intercourse  with  foreign  nations,  Lord 

Grey's  opinion  on  the,  304,  305. 
Legislation  of  Congress,  honesty  of  the, 

302. 
Losses  under  the  Orders  in  Council 

by  the,  306,  307. 
Military  forces  of  the,  in   1861,  330, 

331. 
Missionary  operations  in  the,  293. 
Navigation  laws  of  the,  379. 
Navy  of,  328,  380,  554,  597;  in  1812, 

669. 
Northeastern    Boundary   question    in 

the,  209. 
Orders    in   Council   rescinded,    1812, 
losses  of  the  United   States  under 
the,  306,  307. 
Ordinance  of  May  23,  1788,  349. 
Ordinance  of  1787,  722. 
Political  system  of  the,  356,  482,  483. 
Politics  in" the,  66,  67. 
Population,  great  increase  of,  67,  224, 

291,  292. 
Post-office  bounty,  379. 
Prohibitions  in  the  Constitution  of  the, 

353. 
Prosperity  of  the,  346. 
Protection  in  the,  381. 
Questions  of  domestic  and  foreign  pol- 
icy in,  1812,  200,  201. 
Ratification  of  the  Articles  of  Confed- 
eration by  the  States,  358. 
Religion  in' the,  293. 
Reserved  rights  of  the,  649. 
Revolutionary    patriots    in    the,    355, 

464. 
Revolution  in  the,  416,  417,  460. 
Secession  in  the  Southern  States,  334, 

335,  347. 
Sectional  controversies  in  the,  347. 
Sedition  law,  368. 
Social  improvement  in  the,  294. 
VOL.    IV.  50 


Sovereignty  of  the  States,  354,  709. 

States  government,  419. 

States'  rights  in  the,  354,  648. 

Steam  navigation  in  the,  294. 

Strength  of  the  Union,  485. 

Tariff,  the,  an  alleged  cause  of  the  civil 
war,  381. 

Territory  question,  393. 

Texas  annexed  to  the,  472. 

Union  of  the,  419;  consequences  of 
the  dissolution  of  the,  650;  the 
Union  to  be  preserved,  711. 

United  States  Naval  Academy,  an  ad- 
dress delivered  at  the  annual  exami- 
nation of  the,  at  Newport,  1863, 
596 ;  Board  of  Visitors  of  the,  ib. 

Unity  of  sentiment  at  the  North  re- 
quired, 699. 

War  of  1812,  200  ;  war  of  1861,  330, 
331 ;  nature  of  the  war  of  1861,  336, 
345. 
Upper  Canada,  number  of  negroes  in,  409 
Urquijo,  M.  de,  171. 
Utah,  383. 


V. 


Vancouver,  Admiral  George,  his 
voyage  of  discovery  in  the  Pacific, 
667  ;  piloted  by  Captain  Gray  into 
the  Columbia  River,  668. 

Venice,  under  the  Austrian  government, 
556. 

Vergennes,  Charles-Gravier,  Count 
de,  460  ;  his  correspondence  with  Dr. 
Franklin  noticed,  212;  map  of  the 
boundaries  of  the  United  States  sent 
by  Franklin  to,  ib. 

Vicksburg,  siege  of,  517  ;  fall  of,  626,  671. 

Viele,  Dr.,  his  Report  to  the  Sanitary 
Convention,  278. 

Vindication  of  American  institutions, 
oration  delivered  before  the  city  author- 
ities of  Boston,  July  4,  1860,  283. 

Virgil,  294. 

Virginia  prohibits  inoculation  by  law, 
279  }  ratification  of  the  Constitution  by 
the  people  of,  1788,  365;  their  or- 
dinance of  secession,  ib.,  366  ;  reso- 
lutions of,  1 798,  ib.,  367  -  369, 370,  467, 
709;  discussion  of  the  subject  of  slav- 
ery in  the  legislature  of,  in  1831, 
472,  720 ;  disunionists  in,  476 ;  the 
vote  for  Bell  and  Everett  in,  589. 

Virginia,  West,  emancipated  from  East 
Virginia,  517  ;  attack  upon,  561 ;  Con- 
federate troops  in,  662. 

VOLTAIKE,     EltANi  /<>is-M.vRIE-ArOUET 

de,  his  criticism  of  Frederick  the  Sec- 
ond of  Prussia,  29. 
Volunteer  army  of  the  Union,  404,  465. 


786 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


W. 

Wadsworth,  commissary-general  in  the 
Revolution,  340. 

Wait,  Mr.,  his  assistance  to  Mr.  Dowse, 
86. 

Walker,  Rev.  James,  D.  D.,  President 
of  Harvard  College,  .313,492;  notice 
of  his  address  on  the  Harvard  students 
who  fell  in  the  Union  army,  609,  610, 
611,  612  ;  his  proposal  to  erect  a  monu- 
ment to  their  memory,  ib. 

Walker,  Secretary  of  War  of  the  Con- 
federacy, 480 ;  his  prophecies,  ib., 
481. 

Waltham,  cotton  manufactures  of,  422. 

War,  miseries  of,  652. 

Warren,  Dr.  Joseph,  189,  278. 

Wakeen,  General,  wounded  at  Gettys- 
burg, 642. 

Washington  elm,  21. 

Washington,  George,  the  Character 
of,  an  oration  delivered  by  Edward 
Everett  in  all  parts  of  the  United 
States,  1  - 17  ;  his  three  visits  to  Boston, 
1,19;  erection  of  the  equestrian  statue 
of,  in  Richmond,  9  ;  presentation  of 
Washington's  spy -glass  to  Mr.  Yan- 
cey, of  Alabama,  and  of  his  cane  to 
Edward  Everett,  9  ;  his  death,  18,  47  ; 
eulogies  on,  18;  corner-stone  of  the 
monument  at  Washington  laid,  ib. ; 
his  first  visit  to  Boston,  February, 
1756,  191  ;  his  journey  to  Fort  Ve- 
nango, ib. ;  appointed  colonel,  ib.  ;  his 
appearance,  20;  member  of  the  Vir- 
ginia Assembly,  21,  38;  takes  com- 
mand of  the  army  at  Cambridge,  21  ; 
his  second  visit  to  Boston,  March  18, 
1776,  21,  22;  the  beacon-light  of  the 
Revolution,  22 ;  unanimously  elected 
President,  23 ;  Lord  Brougham's  opin- 
ion of,  ib.  ;  first  year  of  his  administra- 
tion, ib.  ;  his  last  visit  to  Boston,  Oc- 
tober, 25,  1789,  23  ;  the  age  of  Wash- 
ington, 24  ;  his  defence  of  the  Shen- 
andoah Valley,  25 ;  contrasted  with 
Peter  the  Great,  28  ;  with  Frederick 
II.  of  Prussia,  29  ;  with  Napoleon,  30  ; 
his  greatness  original,  31  ;  condition 
of  America  at  the  commencement  of 
his  career,  32  ;  eminence  of  his  charac- 
ter, 34  ;  emotions  inspired  by  his  por- 
trait, 35  ;  symmetry  of  his  character, 
37  ;  his  modesty,  38 ;  anecdote  of,  38  ; 
the  true  excellence  of  his  character, 
40  ;  his  early  years.  41  :  his  frugality, 
42  ;  his  home  at  Mount  Vernon,  44 ; 
pure  morality  of  his  character,  45 ; 
his  military  reputation,  ib. ;  compared 
with  Napoleon,  ib.,  46;  extract  from 
a  letter  of,  46 ;  his  death  announced 


to  the  army  of  the  United  States  by 
Hamilton,  47  ;  admiration  of  his  char- 
acter in  Europe,  48 ;  tribute  to  his 
memory  in  France,  ib. ;  his  farewell 
address,  49 ;  extract  from  a  letter  of 
Mr.  Jefferson  to,  50 ;  observance  of 
his  birthday,  51  ;  statues  of,  153;  ex- 
tract from  a  letter  written  to  Governor 
Patrick  Henry,  on  the  small-pox,  by, 
279 ;  his  call  for  troops  to  suppress  the 
insurrection  in  Pennsylvania,  360 ; 
his  approval  of  the  Alien  and  Sedition 
Laws,  368;  he  emancipates  his  slaves, 
410  ;  the  surrender  of  Cornwallis,  434  ; 
his  management  of  the  estate  of  Mount 
Vernon,  445,  446 ;  his  letters  on  ag- 
riculture, ib. ;  his  attack  on  Fort 
Duquesne,  459 ;  attacks  on  the  admin- 
istration of,  703;  his  early  services 
against  the  French,  713;  commander- 
in-chief  of  the  American  armies,  ib. ; 
his  sentiments  in  1774,  ib. ;  at  the  ca- 
pitulation of  Yorktown,  ib. 

Washington,  Lawrence,  emigrates 
to  Virginia  in  1657,  112. 

Washington,  city  of,  attempt  to  capture, 
474,  561,  627. 

Washington  University  of  Missouri,  ora- 
tion on  the  character  of  Washington 
delivered  before  the,  7. 

Water-works  at  Marly,  61. 

Watt,  James,  his  improvements  in  the 
steam-engine,  70,  513. 

Webster,  Daniel,  his  oration  at 
Washington,  February  22,  1832,  18; 
Powers's  statue  of,  remarks  made  8 
June,  1859,  at  a  meeting  of  the  Gen- 
eral Committee  of  One  Hundred  on 
the  Webster  Memorial,  146  ;  criticism 
upon  the  statue,  ib.,  152  ;  proceedings 
of  the  executive  committee,  147  ;  as- 
pect of  Mr.  Webster  in  early  life, 
159;  letter  of  Professor  Parsons  re- 
specting the  statue,  161  ;  Mr.  Web- 
ster's own  opinion  of  Powers's  bust, 
163  ;  opinion  of  Peter  Harvey,  ib.  ;  of 
Joseph  Ames,  164;  of  Rufus  Choate, 
165  ;  of  Fletcher  Webster,  166  ;  Dan- 
iel Webster,  an  oration  delivered  at 
the  Boston  Music  Hall,  at  the  inaugu- 
ration of  Powers's  statue  of  Webster, 
September  17,  1859,186;  his  death, 
191  ;  tributes  to  his  memory,  ib.  ;  his 
early  recollections,  196;  his  birth- 
place, 197  ;  his  election  to  Congress, 
198,  202  ;  his  political  life,  199,  201, 
209;  Mr.  Lowndes's  opinion  of,  199; 
his  admission  to  the  Superior  Court 
of  New  Hampshire,  202,  206  ;  on  the 
Committee  of  Foreign  Affairs,  in 
Congress,  202  ;  his  first  speech,  ib. ; 
Chief  Justice   Marshall's   opinion   of, 


ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


787 


ib. ;  a  student  of  law  with  Mr.  Gore, 
203,  228  ;  his  return  to  Congress  af- 
ter eight  years'  retirement,  203 ;  his 
speech  on  the  Greek  Revolution,  ib. ; 
his  great  speech  on  Foote's  resolution, 
205  ;  his  demeanor  on  the  evening  be- 
fore and  morning  of  his  speech,  ib.  ; 
his  career  as  a  jurist,  206;  the  Dart- 
mouth College  case,  ib. ;  the  case  of 
Gibbons  and  Ogden,  207  ;  Justice 
Wayne  and,  ib.  ;  constitutional  cases 
argued  by,  ib.,  208  ;  the  Rhode  Island 
charter  case,  ib. ;  his  reputation  as  a 
lawyer,  ib. ;  appointed  to  the  Depart- 
ment of  State  in  1841,  209;  his  con- 
nection with  the  Northeastern  Boun- 
dary question,  ib.,  216;  the  "red-line 
map,"  211  ;  censure  of  Mr.  Webster 
in  England,  212,  213  ;  Mr.  Oswald's 
map,  216 ;  Mr.  Webster  as  an  orator, 
217  ;  compared  with  Burke,  ib. ;  his 
mode  of  treating  public  questions, 
219  ;  his  regard  for  the  Constitution, 
221  ;  anecdote  of,  ib. ;  quotation  from 
Grote's  History  of  Greece  given  by, 
223  ;  his  anticipations  of  the  growth 
of  the  Republic,  225 ;  his  personal 
character,  227  ;  his  arrival  in  Boston 
in  1804,  228  ;  enters  the  office  of  Mr. 
Gore  as  a  student,  ib. ;  his  appearance, 
ib.  ;  an  instructor  of  Edward  Everett, 
229 ;  his  faults,  ib. ;  his  ambitions, 
230  ;  his  statue  by  Powers,  ib.  ;  repeti- 
tion of  the  eulogy,  231  ;  his  prophetic 
words  regarding  secession,  433  ;  anec- 
dote related  by,  668 ;  opposition  of  the 
Democratic  party  to,  707  ;  his  reply  to 
Hayne,  ib.  ;  his  opposition  to  the  an- 
nexation of  Texas,  710  ;  extract  from 
a  speech  of,  719  ;  recommends  Captain 
Winslow  to  the  naval  service,  739. 

Weisster,  Captain  Ebenezer,  in  the 
seven  vears'  and  Revolutionary  wars, 
432. 

Webster,  Ezekiel,  teacher  of  the 
Academy  at  Fryeburg,  228  ;  teaches  a 
school  in  Boston,  229. 

Webster,  Colonel  Fletcher,  letter  to 
Edward  Everett  respecting  Powers's 
statue  of  his  father,  168;  presentation 
of  colors  to  his  regiment,  1861,  431  ; 
his  death  and  burial,  540. 

Webster-Ashburton  treaty,  409. 

Webster  regiment,  the,  431. 

Weed,  General,  death  of,  642. 

Weehuwken,  the,  671. 

Welles,  Gideon,  Secretary  of  the  Navy 
of  the  United  States,  596 ;  extract 
from  his  letter  to  the  members  of  the 
Naval  Academy,  602,  605. 

Wellesley,  Arthur,  Duke  of  Wel- 
lington, birth  of,  71 ;  his  campaign  in 


the  Spanish  Peninsula,  501  ;  at  Tor- 
res-Vedras,  518. 

Wells,  David  A.,  his  pamphlet  "  Our 
Burden  and  our  Strength,"  702. 

West  Boston  Bridge,  building  of,  86,  87. 

West  Indies,  importation  of  cotton  from, 

384,  450  ;  abolition   of  slavery  in  the, 

472  ;  Edward  Winslow  a  commissioner 

to  the,  in  1655,  740. 

Western  States,  school  funds  of  the,  315. 

Westminster,  riots  in,  1780,  502. 

Whistler,  Major  George  W.,  super- 
intends the  railroad  from  St.  Peters- 
burg to  Moscow,  677  ;  commendation 
of,  by  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  ib.  ; 
death  of,  ib. 

Whitney,  Eli,  his  invention  of  the 
cotton-gin,  386. 

Wight,  Moses,  paints  the  portrait  of 
Humboldt,  and  of  Thomas  Dowse, 
175,  343. 

Wills,  David,  744. 

Williams,  Rev.  Nathaniel,  an  in- 
structor of  Benjamin  Franklin,  118. 

Williamsport,  General  Lee  at,  629,  630. 

Winslow,  Governor  Edward,  com- 
missioner to  the  West  Indies  in  1655, 
740. 

Winslow,  Captain  John  A.,  United 
States  Navy,  reception  of,  and  the 
officers  and  seamen  of  the  Kearsarge, 
inFaneuil  Hall,  1864,  737  ;  his  victory, 
ib.  ;  Captain  Winslow  a  citizen  of 
Massachusetts,  739 ;  recommended  to 
the  service  by  Daniel  Webster,  ib. ;  a 
descendant  from  Edward  Winslow, 
740  ;  remarks  at  the  dinner  given  to,  at 
the  Revere  House,  Nov.  15, 1864,  741. 

Winthrop,  John,  Governor  of  Massa- 
chusetts, his  statue  in  Mount  Auburn, 
189. 

Winthrop,  Hon.  Robert  C,  President 
of  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Soci- 
ety, 17, 18;  noticed,  105,  109,  122,  151, 
691  ;  President  of  the  Association  of 
Alumni  of  Harvard  College,  312. 

Wirt,  Hon.  William,  a  member  of 
President  Monroe's  Cabinet,  his  opin- 
ion on  the  constitutionality  of  the  Mis- 
souri Restriction,  390. 

Wolfe,  Major-General  James,  at  Que- 
bec, 25. 

Woman's  rights,  322. 

Worcester;  Marquis  of,  his  visit  to  the 
Bicetre,  in  Paris,  69. 

Worcester,  Mass.,  opening  of  the  rail- 
road from  Springfield  to,  67. 

Worden,  Captain,  U.  S.  N.,  commands 
the  Monitor,  501,671  ;  wounded,  672; 
his  opinion  of  the  victory  of  Captain 
Winslow  in  the  Kearsarge,  737. 

Wright,  Hon.  Silas,  269. 


788  ANALYTICAL    INDEX. 


Yorktoum,   surrender  of  Cornwallis  at, 

Socra- 
youth, 
127;  his  Anabasis  noticed,  133. 


Xenophon,  his  Memorabilia  of  Socra-     _.       '    "„  .aQ 

.     ,.,11,         i  r  ,  .u  IOUNG,    UKIGHAM,    4oO. 

tes  studied  by  i  ranklin  when  a  youth,  ' 


Yancey,   Mr.,  of  Alabama,    presented     Zollverein,  the,  709. 
with  the  spy-glass  of  Washington,  9.       Zook,  General,  death  of,  642. 


THE    END 


Cambridge  :  Stereotyped  and  Printed  by  Welch,  Bigelow,  &  Co. 


