Senator  ol'tho  (Jmi(;d  Suites. 


THE 


WORKS 


OP 


WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD 


EDITED  BY 

GEORGE   E.   BAKER 


"Nature  and  Laws  would  be  In  an  ill  case,  if  Slavery  should  find  what  to  say  for  itself,  and  Liberty 
be  mute;  and  if  tyrants  should  find  men  to  plead  for  them,  and  they  that  can  waste  and  vanquish 
tyrants,  should  not  be  able  to  find  advocates."  MILTON. 


IN  FIVE  VOLUMES 

VOL.  IV. 

NEW  EDITION 


BOSTON 
HOUGHTON,  MIFFLIN   AND   COMPANY 

New   York:    11    East   Seventeenth   Street 


Entered,  according  to  Act  of  Congress,  in  the  year  1861, 

BY    GEO.    B.    BAKER, 

in  the  Clerk's  Office  of  the  District  Court  of  the  United  States  in  and  for  the 
Northern  District  of  New  York. 


PREFACE  TO  VOLUME  IV. 


THE  fourth  volume  of  THE  WORKS  OF  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD,  is 
now  presented  to  the  public. 

The  three  preceding  volumes,  beginning  with  the  earliest  events 
of  his  life,  closed  with  the  enactment  of  the  compromises  of  1850. 

The  present  volume  includes  the  succeeding  and  eventful  period 
made  memorable  by  the  repeal  of  the  Missouri  Compromise,  the 
struggle  of  slavery  for  Kansas,  the  assault  upon  a  senator  in  the 
senate  chamber  by  a  slaveholding  representative  of  South  Carolina, 
the  organization  of  the  Kepublican  party,  its  almost  successful  con 
test  in  1856,  and  its  triumph  in  the  presidential  election  of  1860, 
and  by  the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union  a  Free  State : — a 
period  that  may  be  said  to  comprise  the  harvest  season  of  those 
principles  which  in  previous  years  Mr.  Seward  had  sown  in  the 
public  mind,  and  watched  and  cultivated  with  so  much  consistency 
and  integrity  of  purpose. 

The  Memoir  begun  in  the  first  volume  is  continued  in  the  follow 
ing  pages,  down  to  the  inauguration  of  a  Kepublican  administration. 
It  aims  only  to  give  a  plain  history  of  the  times  and  events  of  which 
Mr.  Seward  is  so  important  a  part.  The  action  of  Congress  and  the 
movements  of  political  parties  during  the  ten  years — especially  such 
as  find  illustration  and  comment  in  his  speeches — are  quite  fully 
recorded.  His  interesting  tour  through  the  Western  states  during 
the  last  presidential  campaign,  including  all  the  brief  but  eloquent 


IV  PREFACE. 

speeches  which  he  made  at  various  places  in  response  to  the  ad 
dresses  presented  to  him,  forms  a  considerable  portion  of  the  Memoir, 
These  impromptu  speeches  contain  many  beautiful  passages  and  are 
full  of  Mr.  Seward's  peculiar  sentiments. 

The  ORATIONS  and  ADDRESSES,  following  the  Memoir,  are  among 
the  most  valuable  productions  of  their  author's  fertile  mind.  They 
are  entitled,  The  Destiny  of  America ;  The  True  Basis  of  American 
Independence  ;  The  Physical,  Moral  and  Intellectual  Development 
of  the  American  People  ;  and  The  Pilgrims  and  Liberty. 

A  BIOGRAPHY  OF  DE  WITT  CLINTON,  occupies  the  next  twenty 
pages  of  the  volume.  This  is  an  original  paper,1  prepared  with  that 
just  appreciation  of  its  subject  which  Mr.  Seward  is  known  to  enter 
tain.  It  gives  more  clearly  than  any  biography,  yet  written,  of  that 
illustrious  man,  the  political  springs  which  moved  his  public  life. 

POLITICAL  SPEECHES,  is  the  title  of  the  next  division  of  the 
volume.  The  limits  of  a  Preface  will  allow  but  a  passing  allusion 
to  any  of  the  contents  Of  the  volume.  We  can  only,  therefore,  call 
attention  to  these  speeches — some  twenty  in  number,  beginning  with 
the  advent  of  the  Eepublican  party,  in  1854,  and  extending  through 
the  campaigns  of  1856,  1858  and  1860 — as  containing  the  history 
and  philosophy  of  the  great  party  which  now  governs  the  country. 

The  SPEECHES  IN  THE  SENATE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES,  embraced 
in  this  volume,  present  an  eloquent  and  vivid  history  of  the  Kansas- 
struggle  from  its  inception  in  1854,  when  Mr.  Douglas  introduced 
the  bill  to  organize  the  territory,  to  the  final  success  of  Freedom  in 
1861,  when  the  Senate  by  a  decisive  vote  admitted  the  new  state 
into  the  Union. 

Mr.  Seward's  latest  speeches,  on  THE  STATE  OF  THE  UNION,  con 
clude  the  volume. 

His  speeches  in  the  Senate,  with  those  before  the  p'eople  in  their 
primary  assemblies,  make  a  text  book  from  which  the  richest  instruc- 

1 A  portion  of  it  appears  also  in  the  New  American  Cyclopedia. 


PREFACE.  V 

tions  may  be  drawn  in  the  new  Era  upon  which  our  country  is  just 
entering. 

Perhaps  the  criticism  that  in  some  quarters  greeted  the  earlier 
volumes  may  salute  this — that  herein  is  Mr.  Seward  proven  to  be 
an  Agitator.  But  History  vindicates  the  agitator,  from  Paul  to 
Luther  and  from  Luther  to  the  century  of  Eomilly,  Wilberforce 
and  Jefferson.  That  Mr.  Seward  has  been  an  Agitator  to  no  pur 
pose  will  hardly,  now,  be  contended,  if  the  to-day  at  Washington 
be  contrasted  with  the  morning  when  the  Atherton  resolutions  were 
introduced  into  the  House,  or  with  the  hour  when  Mr.  Seward, 
almost  alone,  confronted  an  unbroken  column  of  pro-slavery  senators. 

Nevertheless,  as  Mr.  Seward  himself  has  said,  the  verdict  is  not 
to  be  looked  for  in  the  passing  hour.  "  There  is  Yet  in  that  word 
Hereafter." 

Neither,  is  this  the  place  for  vindication  or  eulogy,  if  any  were 
needed.  The  four  volumes  speak  for  themselves. 

In  those  before  published,  appear  Mr.  Seward's  Orations  and 
Discourses ;  his  Occasional  Addresses  and  Speeches ;  his  Notes  on 
New  York  and  Executive  Messages ;  his  Forensic  Arguments  and 
Political  Writings ;  his  Correspondence  with  the  Virginia  and 
Georgia  Governors,  and  his  Letters  from  Europe  in  1833 ;  his 
Speeches  in  the  Senate  of  New  York,  and  in  the  Senate  of  the 
United  States. 

The  friendly  zeal  which  has  prepared  these  volumes,  may  have 
given  place  or  prominence  to  some  sentiments  and  speeches  which 
a  timid  policy  would  have  suppressed.  In  similar  collections  an 
Index  Expurgatorius,  it  is  charged,  has  been  allowed  to  swallow  up 
the  living  issues  of  the  day. 

But  the  Works  of  William  H.  Seward  could  not  escape  an  injunc 
tion  writ  from  their  primary  author,  unless  the  boldness  and  frank 
ness  of  his  thoughts  had  faithfully  manipulated  the  types. 

Mr.  Seward's  sentences  are  all  so  full  of  the  inspiration  of  Liberty 
and  Justice,  and  so  like  aphorisms,  that  it  is  difficult  to  abbreviate 


VI  PREFACE. 

or  to  suppress  a  page  without  loss  to  the  public  or  injustice  to  the 
author's  fame.  Therefore,  what  at  first  may  appear  to  be  an 
editor's  purpose  to  swell  the  size  of  the  volume,  will,  on  a  closer 
view,  be  found  a  necessity.1 

In  the  State  Library  at  Albany,  within  the  past  year,  has  been 
erected  the  marble  bust  of  the  Ex-Governor  and  Senator  of  New 
York.  It  is  midway  between  the  alcove  of  History  and  Philosophy, 
and  its  gaze  is  directed  at  that  immense  compilation  of  brain  labor — 
the  Edinburgh  Review.  A  lady  visitor,  who  was  stranger  to  the 
place  and  face,  pausing  before  it  said,  "  Here  beams  in  expression, 
thought,  benevolence,  earnestness  and  devotion  to  principle." 

"When  the  partisan  rancor  and  political  schisms  of  to-day  shall 
have  subsided,  when  prejudice  shall  have  given  place  to  candor, 
the  Muse  of  History,  we  believe,  will  say  the  same  of  these  volumes, 
and  of  those  which  time  may  add. 

THE  EDITOR. 

March  4,  1861. 


1  Another  volume  like  the  present  will  be  required  for  the  speeches  yet  remaining  in  the 
editor's  hands,  unpublished.  Several  important  speeches  intended  for  this  volume,  and  to 
•which  references  are  made  in  the  Memoir,  are  unavoidably  crowded  out.  An  APPENDIX  to  the 
present  volume  contains  the  eloquent  speeches  made  at  the  Chicago  Convention  ;  the  Platform ; 
and  also  the  addresses  oi  welcome  presented  to  Mr.  Seward  on  his  visit  to  the  Western  States. 


CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME  IV. 


MEMOIR,  BIOGRAPHICAL  AND  HISTORICAL, 13 

A  Retrospect,  13 — The  Struggle  for  Freedom  in  1850,  15 — Mr.  Seward's  Course, 
16 — Death  of  President  Taylor,  19 — The  Compromisers  Triumphant,  20 — Nomina 
tions  of  General  Scott  and  Frank  Pierce,  21 — Defeat  of  the  Whigs  and  Supposed 
Overthrow  of  Mr.  Seward,  22 — Oration  at  Columbus,  and  Address  before  the 
American  Institute,  23 — The  Repeal  of  the  Missouri  Compromia^  24— Mr.  Steward** 
Speeches,  27— The  New  England  Clergymen,  29— The  Pacific  Railroad  and  the 
HoHesfeaxT  Law,  31 — The  Fugitive  Slave  Act,  32 — Mr.  Seward's  Reelection,  33 — 
The  Plymouth  Oration,  36 — Aggressive  Acts  of  Slavery,  36 — Kansas  Affairs,  37 — 
The  Assault  on  Charles  Sumner,  40 — Organisation  nf  thA  "RppuMipan  Party,  4.1  — 
Presidential  Election  of  1856,  43 — Fulfillment  of  Mr.  Seward's  Prophecy,  44 — The 
Atlantic  Telegraph,  45— The  Tariff  Assailed,  46— The  Dred  Scott  Decision,  47— 
Reconstruction  of  the  Supreme  Court,  49 — Duties  on  Railroad  Iron,  50 — The 
Lecompton  Matter,  50 — The  English  Bill,  53 — Oregon  and  Minnesota,  54 — Mormons 
and  Filibusters,  55 — The  Elections  of  1858,  56 — Mr.  Seward's  Irrepressible  Conflict 
Speech,  56 — Cuba,  Kansas  and  the  Pacific  Railroad,  $7 — The  Homestead  Bill,  58 — 
The  Indiana  Senators,  60 — Acquisition  of  Cuba,  61 — Overland  Mails,  61 — Mr. 
Seward  Visits  Europe  and  the  Holy  Land — Departure  and  Return,  63 — Captain 
John  Brown  takes  Harper's  Ferry,  68 — The  Elections  of  1859,  69 — Death  of 
Broderick,  70 — Election  of  Speaker — The  Impending  Crisis,  70 — Mr.  Se ward's 
Great  Speech  in  the  Senate,  February  29,  1860,  71 — The  Spring  Elections  of  1860, 
favorable,  73 — Presidental  Nominations  and  Platforms.  74 — The  Republican  Con 
vention  at  Chicago,  76 — The  Ballot,  77 — Mr.  Seward's  Cordial  Approval  of  the 
Candidates  and  Platform,  78 — His  Yisit  to  New  England,  Reception  Speeches,  81 — 
Enters  the  Canvass  for  Mr.  Lincoln,  84 — Remarkable  Tour  and  Speeches  through 
the  West — DETROIT,  84 — LANSING,  85 — KALAMAZOO,  89 — MADISON,  90 — LA 
CROSSE,  93— ST.  PAUL,  94— DUBUQUE,  96— In  Missouri— CHILLICOTHE,  97— ST. 
JOSEPH,  98 — In  Kansas — LEAVENWORTH,  100 — LAWRENCE,  101 — LEAVENWORTH, 
102 — ATCHISON,  103 — In  Missouri,  again — ST.  Louis,  106 — In  Illinois — SPRING 
FIELD,  Abraham  Lincoln,  107 — CHICAGO,  108 — CLEVELAND,  Ohio,  110 — BUFFALO, 
111 — AUBURN,  113 — End  of  Campaign.  113 — Result,  114 — Celebration  of  Victory, 
115 — Admission  of  Kansas — Secretary  of  State — Speeches  on  Secession  and  the 
State  of  the  Union,  117. 


nil  CONTENTS  OF  VOL.    IV. 

ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 119 

\ 
*  Oration  at  Columbus,  Ohio,  September  14,  1853 — The  Destiny  of  America,  121. 

Address  before  the  American  Institute,  New  York,  October  20,  1853— The  True 
Basis  of  American  Independence,  144. 

-Address  before  the  Phi  Beta  Kappa  Society  of  Yale  College,  New  Haven,  July  26, 
1854— The  Physical,  Moral  and  Intellectual  Development  of  the  American  People,  160. 

Oration  on  Forefathers'  Day,  at  Plymouth,  Massachusetts,  December  21,  1855 — The 
Pilgrims  and  Liberty,  179 — Speech  at  the  Dinner,  203. 


BIOGRAPHY  or  DE  WITT  CLINTON, 206 

Birth  and  Parentage — George  Clinton — Political  Relations — The  Council  of  Appoint 
ment,  209 — John  Jay — Party  Spirit — Slavery — Mayor  of  New  York,  211 — Hamil 
ton,  Burr,  Lewis  and  Tompkins — Candidate  for  President,  213 — Projects  the  Canal, 
216 — A  Private  Citizen  in  Adversity — Elected  Governor,  219 — His  Administra 
tion — Death. 


POLITICAL   SPEECHES, 223 

The  Advent  of  the  Republican  Party:  The  Privileged  Class^lbany,  October^!  2, 
1855,  225^15ieXJorfesr'andlKe  Unsis^l^u^oTOctober  f9,  1855,  241— The  Domi 
nant  Class  in  the  Republic,  Detroit,  October  2,  1856,  253 — The  Political  Parties  of 
the  Day,  Auburn,  October  21,  1856,  276— The  Irrepressible  Conflict,  Rochester, 
October  25,1858,  289— The  National  Divergence  and  Return,  Detroit,  September  4, 
1860,  303 — Democracy  the  Chief  Element  of  Government,  Madison,  September  12, 
1860,  319— The  Constitution  Interpreted— an  Extract—  Madison,  September  11,  I860, 
329— Political  Equality  the  National  Idea,  St.  Paul,  September,  1860,  330— The 
National  Idea ;  Its  Perils  and  Triumphs,  Chicago,  October  3, 1860,  348 — The  Repub 
lican  Policy  and  the  one  Idea,  Dubuque,  September  21,  1860,  368 — Young  Men  and 
the  Future — an  Extract—  Cleveland,  October  4,  1860,  384 — Kansas  the  Savior  of 
Freedom,  Lawrence,  September  26,  1860,  385 — The  Policy  of  the  Fathers  of  the 
Republic,  Seneca  Falls,  October  31,  1860,  397 — Trade  in  Slaves — an  Extract — La 
Crosse.  September  14,  1860,  409— The  Republican  Party  and  Secession,  New  York, 
November  2,  1860,  410 — Disunion  and  Secession — Extract — La  Crosse,  September 
14,  1860,  421— The  Night  before  the  Election,  Auburn,  November  5,  1860,  422— 
The  Past  and  the  Future— Extract—  Cleveland,  October  4,  1860,  430. 


SPEECHES  IN  THE  SENATE  OF   THE  UNITED   STATES, 431 

Nebraska  and  Kansas — Freedom  and  Public  Faith — Repeal  of  theMissouri.  Com- 

Second  Sveecfi,  the  night  of  the  final  paaaapp  of 

tfrs^Nebraska-Kansas  Bill,  May25T  1854.  464.  The  Immediate^Admission  of 
Kansas — Emigrant  Aid  Societies — Elections  and  Laws — Impeachment  of  the  Presi 
dent — Compromises  and  Disunion,  April  9,  1856,  479.  Kansas  Usurpations — 
Speech  against  Mr.  Douglas's  second  Enabling  Bill  and  in  Favor  of  the  Immediate 
VOL.  IV.  1 


CONTENTS   OF  VOL.   IV.  IX 

Admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union — Slavery  and  Compromises,  July  2,  1856, 
512.  Kansas  and  the  Army — The  Spurious  Laws — Barbarous  Enactments- 
Usurpations,  August  7,  1856,  535.  The  same,  at  the  Extraordinary  Session — Com 
promises  and  Popular  Sovereignty,  August  27,  1856,  559.  Lecompton  and, 
Kansas — The  Lecompton  Constitution — The  Dred  Scott  Decision  and  the  Presi 
dent — The  Kansas  Governors — The  Supreme  Court,  March  3,  1858,  574.  The 
same — The  English  Bill — The  Conference  Committee — Compromises  and  Peace — • 
Closing  Speech,  April  30,  1858,  604.  The  State  of  the  Country— Speech  on  the 
Bill  to  Admit  Kansas  into  the  Union  under  the  Wyandotte  Constitution — Labor 
States  and  Capital  Stares,  February,  1860,  619.  Secession— Speech  at  the  New 
England  Dinner  in  New  York  City,  December  21,  1860 — Secession  and  Disunion 
Considered — General  Views,  645.  The  State  of  the  Union — Speech  in  the  Senate — 
A  Review  of  the  Great  Controversy — Election  of  Lincoln,  January  12,  1861,  651. 
The  same — Remarks  on  Presenting  a  Mammoth  Petition  from  the  Merchants  of 
New  York  in  Favor  of  Preserving  the  Union — Debate  with  Senator  Mason,  January 
30,  1861,  670. 


APPENDIX, 679 

The  Chicago  Platform — Speeches  at  the  Chicago  Convention,  Messrs.  EVARTS, 
ANDREW,  SCHURZ,  BLAIR,  BROWNING,  BALDWIN,  &c. — Reception  Speeches  of  Gov. 
Banks,  Messrs.  Longyear,  Abbott,  Gov.  Randall,  Judge  Goodrich,  Messrs.  North, 
Allison,  Boynton,  Wilder,  Mayor  Deitzler,  Gov.  Robinson,  Mayor  Wentworth,  &c. 

Mr.  Seward's  Speech  to  New  York  Delegation  at  Washington,  on  Inauguration 
Day  March  4,  1861,  on  his  retiring  from  office  as  Senator,  692. 

ALPHABETICAL  INDEX, 693 


•4lf  you  would  iiiii/ko  it  promote  most  effectually  all  precious* 
Interests,  IDEJIDIOA.TiE  it,  I  enjoin  upon  you.,  as  our  fore- 
ftvthers  dedicatecl  all  the  Institutions  whilclx  they  estatolislied, 
to  the  cause  of 


BIOGRAPHICAL  MEMOIR 


OF 


WILLIAM    H.  SEWARD 


,25785 


"All  my  life  long 

"  I  have  beheld  with  most  respect  the  man 
"  Who  knew  himself  and  knew  the  ways  before  him  * 
"And  from  amongst  them  chose  considerately 
"With  a  clear  courage — not  a  blindfold  courage; 
"  And  having  chosen,  with  a  steadfast  mind 
"  Pursued  his  purposes."  TAYLOR. 


MEMOIR.1 


A  GLANCE  at  the  memoir  of  MR.  SEWARD,  as  contained  in  the  first 
volume  of  these  works,  shows  us  a  boyhood  passed  in  the  patriotic 
county  of  Orange;  inspired  alike  by  the  ennobling  scenery  of  its 
natural  grandeur  and  beauty,  and  the  historic  recollections  of  West 
Point,  Newburgh,  and  Minisink ;  reminding  us  how  consistently  with 
such  early  associations,  his  life,  in  all  its  vicissitudes,  has  displayed  the 
broadest  patriotism  and  the  sincerest  humanity.  It  shows  us  a  union 
from  ancestry  of  Welch  perseverance  and  Celtic  generosity  that  is 
traceable  in  every  foot-print  of  his  public  and  private  progress.  It 
introduces  him  to  us  as  a  faithful  student  at  Union  College  ascending 
to  the  summit  of  academic  honors,  only  through  the  flinty  paths  of 
analytical  knowledge,  acquiring  a  mental  vigor  that  is  noted  in  every 
sentence  of  oration,  conversation  and  private  letter,  as  distinctly  as 
the  apple-blossom  lives  in  the  autumn  fruit.  It  shows  us  a  young 
man,  not  dependent  upon  a  father's  competence,  journeying  far 
southward  to  become  an  instructor,  where  the  practical  lessons  in 
the  social  and  political  degradations  of  slavery  there  learned,  became 
a  part  of  his  after  career.  The  glance  acquaints  us  with  his  legal 
novitiate  with  John  Duer,  and  Ogden  Hoffman,  who  loved  and 
respected  him  to  the  last  of  their  distinguished  lives ;  and  then  dis 
covers  him  in  his  earliest  professional  struggles  at  Auburn,  afar  from 
those  allurements  of  city  life  that  so  poorly  temper  thought  or 
strengthen  mental  conflict.  How  rarely  indeed  do  districts  other 
than  rural,  furnish  us  with  statesmen ! 

1  Continued  from  Vol.  I. 


14  A  EETROSPECT. 

We  see  him  entering  public  life  just  as  the  debates  on  the 
Missouri  Compromise  had  closed — at  the  age  of  twenty -three  writing 
a  convention  address  with  such  prophetic  sentences  as  these : 

"  When,  in  Republican  states,  men  attempt  to  entrench  themselves  beyond  the 
popular  reach,  their  designs  require  investigation."  "The  Judiciary,  once  our 
pride,  is  humbled  and  degraded."  l 

Our  glance  shows  him  entering  the  state  senate  quickening  its 
legislative  pulse  with  the  suggestions  of  moral  courage,  sublime  in 
a  young  man  of  nine-and-twenty  years,  yet  put  forth  with  fearless 
ness  and  self-abnegation. 

It  shows  him  suffering  a  gubernatorial  defeat  only  to  be  recom 
mended  the  more  strongly  for  a  renomination  and  success.  As 
governor  we  behold  him,  original,  bold,  perceptive,  and  self-reliant 
in  his  views  and  actions — extorting  admiration  from  the  very  jaws 
of  calumny. 

And  here  we  may  remark  that  no  position  in  public  life  more 
thoroughly  tests  a  man's  ability  and  character  than  that  of  governor 
of  the  state  of  New  York.  If  he  who  occupies  it  be  not  a  truly 
great  man,  a  part  of  a  term  will  be  sufficient  to  make  it  apparent. 
The  political  knowledge,  the  financial  ability,  the  legal  profundity, 
the  administrative  tact,  the  accomplished  yet  sincere  courtesy,  the 
patience  of  detail,  the  coolness  of  demeanor,  the  quickness  of  appre 
hension,  the  promptitude  of  decision,  the  force  of  independence  and 
the  dignity  of  character  required  in  a  true  executive  officer  of  a 
state  like  New  York,  are  equal  to  those  several  qualities  demanded 
of  any  ruler  in  this  country  or  in  Europe.  When  we  consider  the 
great  metropolis,  itself  containing  a  nation,  the  numerous  growing 
towns,  villages  and  cities,  the  gigantic  systems  of  internal  improve 
ment,  the  foreign  governments  on  the  north,  the  New  England 
states  on  the  east,  Pennsylvania  and  New  Jersey  on  the  south, 
and  the  great  inland  seas  on  the  west ;  and  the  party  animosities, 
crime,  poverty,  tyrannical  wealth,  exorbitant  monopolies,  delicate 
issues  of  reciprocity,  extent  of  commerce,  incessant  reforms,  unceas 
ing  agitations,  and  jealousy  of  sects,  that  exist  within  and  around 
the  Empire  State,  with  all  of  which,  its  governor  is  compelled  to 
deal,  the  estimate  we  have  given  of  the  importance  of  the  office 
seems  not  over-stated. 

i  See  Vol.  III.,  page  335. 


THE  STRUGGLE   FOR  FREEDOM  IN   1850.  15 

Our  glance  shows  him  again  as  a  lawyer  turning  aside  from  the 
affairs  of  state  to  those  of  the  humblest  client,  with  a  fidelity  and 
integrity  of  service  only  equaled  by  his  conscientious  devotion  to 
the  law  and  equity  of  each  particular  case. 

Finally  it  shows  him  a  senator  in  congress,  asserting  with  elo 
quence  and  courage  the  supremacy  of  immutable  right  in  national 
affairs  over  the  arts  of  compromise  and  expediency  ;  standing  there, 
almost  alone,  setting  in  motion  the  tide  of  freedom,  which,  rolling 
from  the  Aroostook  to  the  Rio  del  Norte,  thunders  its  warnings  in 
the  ears  of  the  million  voters  who  have  too  long  dallied  in  subser 
viency  to  the  influence  of  slavery. 

The  memoir  which  follows  shows  Mr.  Seward  still  in  the  senate, 
yearly  saluting  new  associates  who  displace  those  who  have  grown 
false  to  freedom  and  worthless  to  their  constituents — himself,  in  the 
judgment  of  all  calm  and  candid  observers,  the  foremost  statesman  of 
American  Progress. 


THE  SUCCESS  of  the  whig  party  in  1848  was  promoted  by  the 
expectation  that  it  would  prevent  the  introduction  of  slavery  into 
the  new  territories  where  it  was  already  prohibited  by  the  Mexican 
laws.  The  representatives  from  the  free  states  were  understood  to 
be  pledged  to  that  wise  arid  beneficent  policy.  It  was  assumed  that 
the  new  president  (Gen.  Taylor)  would  not  interpose  the  executive 
veto  should  that  policy  be  adopted.  Mr.  Seward  was  committed  in 
its  favor,  both  by  the  circumstances  of  his  election  and  the  well 
known  tenor  of  his  political  life.  On  the  meeting  of  congress  in 
1849  several  whig  members  from  the  south  apprehended  the  adop 
tion  of  that  policy  and  refused  to  unite  with  their  northern  brethren 
in  the  election  of  a  speaker.  After  delaying  the  organization  of  the 
house  for  a  number  of  weeks  they  finally  joined  with  their  political 
opponents  and  elected  a  democratic  speaker  from  one  of  the  slave- 
holding  states.1  As  soon  as  the  house  was  organized,  the  southern 
party  demanded  the  establishment  of  the  new  territories,  without 
any  condition  as  to  the  introduction  of  slavery. 

1  Howell  Cobb  of  Georgia.    He  received  102  votes ;   Mr.  Winthrop  of  Massachusetts,  99 ; 
David  Wilmot,  8  ;  Scattering,  12. 


16  MEMOIR. 

The  representatives  from  the  free  states  earnestly  protested  against 
this  course.  Mr.  Se.ward  took  an  active  part  in  the  opposition. 
Faithful  to  their  convictions  they  insisted  on  the  insertion  of  the 
Wilmot  proviso  (which  was  identical  in  its  spirit  with  Mr.  Jefferson's 
proviso  in  the  ordinance  of  1787)  in  any  act  ordaining  the  govern 
ment  of  the  territories.  President  Taylor  took  a  middle  ground  in 
his  message  to  congress.  He  recommended  that  the  territories 
should  be  left  without  any  preliminary  organization,  under  the 
existing  Mexican  laws,  which  forbade  African  bondage,  until  they 
should  have  obtained  the  requisite  population  to  form  voluntary 
constitutions  and  apply  for  admission  as  states  of  the  Union.  Cali 
fornia  and  New  Mexico  were  already  taking  steps  for  this 
purpose.  The  recommendation  of  the  president  was  condemned  by 
the  slave  states  while  it  met  the  approval  of  the  friends  of  freedom. 
At  an  early  period  it  was  opposed  by  Mr.  Clay.  After  great  reserve 
and  deliberation  Mr.  Webster  subsequently  declared  his  hostility  to 
the  proposed  measure.  Mr.  Seward,  who  upheld  the  recommendation, 
thus  became  the  leader  of  the  administration  party  in  both  houses 
of  congress.  The  antagonists  of  slavery  with  whom  he  cooperated, 
a  minority  in  the  senate,  had  a  decided  majority  in  the  house  of 
representatives.  Each  branch  of  congress  became  the  scene  of  vehe 
ment  debate.  The  slaveholding  party  indulged  in  such  violent  and 
inflammatory  language  as  to  threaten  the  derangement  of  pui: it- 
business  and  even  the  disorganization  of  congress.  This  party  was 
sustained  by  the  Nashville  convention — a  body  of  southern  delegates 
assembled  for  the  purpose  of  adopting  measures  for  the  secession 
of  the  slave  states  from  the  Union.  But  neither  President  Taylor, 
nor  Mr.  Seward  was  intimidated  by  these  proceedings.  They  both 
persisted  in  the  course  which  was  sanctioned  alike  by  justice  and 
conscience.  Mr.  Clay,  on  the  other  hand,  believed  the  existence  of 
the  Union  was  at  stake.  Sustained  by  Mr.  Webster  he  consented  to 
adopt  the  non-intervention  policy,  the  avowal  of  which  by  Gren.  Cass 
had  made  him  the  candidate  of  the  democratic  party,  in  the  recent 
presidential  election.  Mr.  Clay  now  brought  forward  his  famous 
compromise  scheme  and  urged  its  adoption  with  all  the  force  of  his 
glowing  and  persuasive  eloquence.  Appealing  to  the  sentiment  of 
patriotism,  to  the  prevailing  attachment  to  the  Union,  and  to  the 
love  of  peace,  he  represented  the  acceptance  of  his  measures  as 
essential  to  the  final  settlement  of  the  issues- which  had  grown  out 


THE   STRUGGLE   FOR   FREEDOM   IN   1850.  17 

of  the  existence  of  slavery,  in  the  United  States.  Mr.  Clay's  views 
were  sustained  by  the  leading  advocates  of  slavery  in  congress.  For 
the  most  part  these  belonged  to  the  democratic  party.  They  were 
pledged  to  insist  on  a  congressional  declaration  of  the  right  of  slave 
holders  to  carry  their  slaves  into  any  of  the  territories  of  the  United 
States.  But  the  compromise  was  opposed  by  most  of  the  represen 
tatives  of  the  free  states,  who  were  determined  to  make  no  further 
concessions  than  those  involved  in  the  position  taken  by  President 
Taylor.  The  whigs  of  the  slave  states  on  the  other  hand  gave 
the  compromise  their  hearty  support.  It  was  defended  also  by  the 
more  especial  or  personal  friends  of  Mr.  Clay  and  Mr.  Webster  among 
the  whigs  of  the  north,  as  well  as  by  a  large  portion  of  the  demo 
cratic  party  in  the  free  states.  The  more  conservative  classes  in  the 
great  northern  cities  were  induced  to  give  it  their  support  through 
fear  of  the  loss  of  southern  trade  and  patronage,  and  a  growing 
discontent  with  the  policy  of  the  new  administration.  The  friends 
of  the  compromise  moreover  endeavored  to  arouse  the  fears  of  the 
people  by  showing  the  danger  of  a  dissolution  of  the  Union  which 
was  threatened  as  they  alleged  by  the  policy  of  the  president. 

Mr.  Seward,  of  course,  was  denounced  as  a  desperate  and  danger 
ous  agitator.  His  resistance  to  the  compromise  was  represented  as 
contumacy.  He  was  accused  of  wishing  to  obtain  personal  aggrand 
izement,  even  upon  the  ruins  of  the  Constitution  and  the  wreck  of 
the  Union.  These  reproaches  were  not  without  effect.  They  pro 
duced  a  partial  division  of  the  whig  party  in  the  free  states,  and 
awakened  a  prejudice  in  many  quarters  against  the  name  of  Mr. 
Seward.  But  he  was  not  shaken  from  his  steadfastness.  With 
admirable  firmness  and  self-possession  he  nobly  resisted  the  current 
of  popular  agitation  and  congressional  excitement.  The  dignity  of 
his  bearing  and  the  wisdom  of  his  counsels  during  the  stormy  period 
receive  ample  illustration  from  his  speeches,  as  recorded  in  previous 
volumes  of  these  works. 

The  first  applicant  for  admission  into  the  Union  was  California, 
which  had  adopted  a  free  constitution  in  a  general  convention.  The 
friends  of  the  compromise  refused  to  grant  her  demand,  except  on 
certain  stringent  conditions.  They  insisted  that  congress  should 
waive  a  prohibition  of  slavery  in  organizing  the  territories  of  Utah 

VOL.  IV.  3 


18  MEMOIR. 

and  New  Mexico,  and  at  the  same  time  enact  a  new  and  offensive  law 
for  the  capture  of  fugitive  slaves  in  the  free  states. 

Mr.  Seward  demanded  the  admission  of  California  without  con 
dition,  without  qualification  and  without  compromise,  leaving  other 
subjects  to  distinct  and  independent  legislation.  No  fair  man,  it 
would  seem,  could  doubt  the  wisdom  or  justice  of  such  a  course. 
The  partisans  of  the  compromise  contended  that  Utah  and  New 
Mexico  should  be  organized  without  a  prohibition  of  slavery,  at  the 
very  moment  when  the  latter  was  known  to  have  adopted  a  free 
constitution  and  to  have  chosen  representatives  to  ask  an  admission 
into  the  Union.  On  this  question,  Mr.  Seward  maintained  that  New 
Mexico  should  be  admitted  into  the  Union  as  a  free  state,  or  left  to 
enjoy  the  protection  from  slavery  afforded  by  existing  Mexican  laws. 

The  fugitive  slave  law,  which  was  proposed  as  a  condition  of  the 
admission  of  California,  met  with  a  determined  opponent  in  Mr. 
Seward,  from  the  first.  He  clearly  foresaw  the  impolicy  as  well  as 
the  cruelty  of  the  contemplated  measure.  He  argued  with  no  less 
humanity  than  good  faith,  that  no  public  exigency  required  a  new 
law  on  the  subject,  that  the  bill  in  question  was  as  unconstitutional 
as  it  was  repugnant  to  every  just  sentiment,  and  that  the  principles 
and  habits  of  the  northern  people  would  inevitably  place  insur 
mountable  obstacles  in  the  way  of  its  execution.1  Admitting  the 
justice  of  these  views,  the  compromisers  demanded  that  they  should 
be  set  aside  lest  the  determination  of  slaveholders  should  lead  to 
a  dissolution  of  the  Union.  Mr.  Seward  was  incapable  of  yielding 
to  such  unworthy  terrors.  He  constantly  passed  them  by,  as  too 
trivial  for  serious  notice.  At  the  same  time  he  urgently  pointed  out 
the  danger  of  quailing  before  the  threats  of  the  South.  Knowing 
the  disposition  engendered  by  slavery,  he  insisted  that  any  craven, 
truckling  on  the  part  of  the  free  states  would  lead  to  unbounded 
aggressions  by  the  slave  power  in  the  future.  With  prophetic  saga 
city  he  was  enabled  to  cast  the  horoscope  of  coming  ills  which  have 
since  been  realized  in  the  legislation  concerning  Nebraska  and 
Kansas. 

The  compromisers  regarded  their  measures  as  essential  to  the  sup 
pression  of  slavery  agitation  in  the  national  councils,  and  to  the 
permanent  tranquillity  of  the  Union.  Mr.  Seward  maintained  pre- 

1  See  Vol.  I,  pp.  65  and  348 ;  also  Vol.  Ill,  p.  445 


THE  STKUGGLE  FOE  FKEEDOM  IN  1850.  19 

•cisely  the  opposite  views.  He  insisted  that  the  extension  of  slavery 
was  too  great  a  price  to  pay  even  for  the  attainment  of  peace ;  that 
a  peace  purchased  on  such  terms  would  be  only  a  hollow  truce ;  that  it 
would  be  disturbed  by  new  and  deeper  agitations  ;  that  freedom  and 
slavery  were  essentially  antagonistic  in  their  nature ;  and  that  no 
reconciliation  could  be  effectual  until  the  latter  should  abandon  its 
pretensions  to  new  territories  and  new  conquests.  The  soundness 
-of  Mr.  Se ward's  opinions  have  been  confirmed  by  subsequent  events. 
The  exciting  congressional  discussion  of  the  subject  continued  for 
several  months.  Its  effect  was  favorable  to  the  policy  of  President 
Taylor  and  Mr.  Seward.  It  promised  to  guaranty  the  establishment 
of  free  institutions,  unvitiated  by  the  presence  of  slavery,  to  the  vast 
possessions  between  the  organized  states  arid  the  Pacific  ocean. 

An  unforeseen  casualty  changed  the  fortunes  of  the  conflict.  Pre 
sident  Taylor  died  in  the  month  of  July,  1850,  and  by  the  terms  of 
the  constitution  Millard  Fillmore,  the  vice-president,  was  advanced 
to  the  executive  chair  of  the  United  States.  A  citizen  of  New  York, 
ne  had  already  exhibited  symptoms  of  jealousy  in  regard  to  the 
influence  of  Mr.  Seward — a  feeling  which  was  shared  by  many  of 
his  triends.  At  the  same  time  he  was  understood  to  concur  with 
Mr.  Seward  in  the  general  principles  of  policy  which  had  guided  the 
course  of  the  latter  on  the  slavery  question.  Mr.  Seward  advised 
the  new  president  to  retain  the  cabinet  of  President  Taylor  and 
endeavor  to  carry  out  his  views.  But  this  course  was  in  direct 
opposition  to  the  views  of  the  compromisers.  They  urged  the  im 
portance  of  abandoning  the  policy  hitherto  pursued  and  of  appoint 
ing  a  cabinet  committed  to  their  own.  Mr.  Fillmore  accepted  their 
advice.  His  administration  was  in  reality  founded  on  the  principles 
of  the  party  which  his  election  had  defeated.  Of  course,  it  relied  for 
support  on  a  coalition  between  members  of  that  party  and  so  many 
of  his  own  as  could  be  gained  to  his  views.  Soon  after  this  change 
in  the  executive,  many  of  the  opponents  of  the  compromise  fell  off 
from  the  side  of  Mr.  Seward,  while  others  attempted  to  steer  a  mid 
dle  course,  expressing  themselves  in  language  of  moderation,  or  pre 
serving  a  total  silence. 

Although  the  compromise  bill  itself,  as  introduced  by  Mr.  Clay, 
was  defeated,  the  measures  which  it  embodied  were  submitted  to  a 
separate  discussion,  and  successively  passed.  The  whigs  of  the  free 


20  MEMOIR. 

states  were  thrown  into  perplexity  by  this  sudden  change.  The 
coalition  demanded  the  acceptance  of  the  compromise  as  the  final 
adjustment  of  the  slavery  controversy.1  No  favors  were  to  be  ex 
pected  from  the  administration  by  those  who  failed  to  comply  with 
the  terms.  A  refusal  was  deemed  sufficient  evidence  of  disloyalty 
to  the  government  and  of  hostility  to  the  Union.  But  Mr.  Seward 
was  not  influenced  by  the  motives  thus  held  out. 

His  opposition  to  the  compromise  measures  was  unabated.  He  gave 
no  heed  to  the  denunciations  of  power.  For  the  present,  the  vital  ques 
tion  had  been  settled  in  congress,  and  had  now  passed  over  to  the  tri 
bunal  of  the  country.  In  fact,  it  waited  the  judgment  of  the  civilized 
world.  Mr.  Seward,  unwilling  to  expose  himself  for  a  moment  to 
the  danger  of  misapprehension,  neglected  no  proper  occasion  to 
declare  his  adhesion  to  the  principles  which  he  had  expressed 
throughout  the  congressional  debates  ;  although  he  declined  to 
engage  in  any  defense  or  explanation  of  his  course  amid  the  excite 
ment  of  popular  assemblies. 

The  question  of  slavery,  in  its  comprehensive  bearings,  formeci 
the  turning  point  in  the  presidential  canvass  of  1852,  which  resulted 
in  the  election  of  Mr.  Pierce,  and  at  a  subsequent  period,  in  the  abro 
gation  of  the  Missouri  compromise  and  the  enactment  of  the  Kansas 
and  Nebraska  bill. 

The  national  democratic  convention  which  nominated  Mr.  Pierce, 
unanimously  adopted  a  platform  approving  the  compromise  of  1850 
as  the  final  decision  of  the  slavery  question.  The  whig  party  were 
widely  divided  on  the  question  of  acquiescence  in  the  compromise 
measures,  and  still  more  at  variance  in  regard  to  the  claims  of  rival 
candidates  for  the  presidency.  Mr.  Seward's  friends  in  the  free  states 
united  in  the  support  of  General  Scott,  who  had,  to  a  considerable 
extent,  stood  aloof  from  the  agitations  of  the  last  few  years.  On  the 
other  hand,  the  exclusive  supporters  of  the  compromise,  as  a  con 
dition  of  party  allegiance,  were  divided  between  Millard  Fillmore,  at 
that  time  acting  president,  and  Daniel  Webster,  secretary  of  state. 
The  whig  convention  met  in  Baltimore  on  the  17th  of  June,  1852, 

1  The  bill  for  the  admission  of  California  passed  the  senate  by  a  vote  of  34  to  18,  and  the 
house  by  150  to  56. 

The  fugitive  slave  act,  in  the  senate,  received  27  ayes  to  12  nays.  In  the  house,  under  the 
previous  question,  it  passed  without  debate.  Ayes,  109;  nays,  75. 

The  bill  abolishing  the  slave  trade  in  the  District  of  Columbia  passed  the  senate  by  33  to  19 ; 
the  house  by  124  to  59. 

Mr.  Seward  moved  a  substitute  for  this  bill,  abolishing  slavery  itself  in  the  District.  It 
received  only  5  votes. 


THE   PRESIDENTIAL   ELECTION   OF   1852.  21 

two  weeks  after  the  democratic  convention,  and  nominated  General 
Scott  as  their  candidate  for  president.  A  large  majority  of  the  dele 
gates  from  New  York  and  a  considerable  number  from  other  states, 
maintained  their  opposition  to  the  test  resolutions  which  were  pro 
posed  by  the  other  branch  of  the  party.  These  resolutions,  however, 
were  adopted,  and  a  platform  was  thus  established  resembling,  in  its 
main  features,  that  of  the  democrats.1  Many  voted  for  it  who  may 
l>e  presumed  to  have  brought  themselves  to  accept  its  principles, 
while  others  were  doubtless  influenced  by  their  fears  of  a  disruption 
•of  the  party.  Supported  by  several  advocates  of  this  new  platform  on 
the  ground  of  his  personal  popularity,  General  Scott  received  the  nomi 
nation.  He  was,  however,  regarded  with  great  suspicion  by  a  large 
number  of  whigs  in  the  slaveholding  states.  It  was  feared  that  if  he 
was  elected  to  the  presidency  Mr.  Seward  would  be  called  to  the  office 
of  secretary  of  state,  and  thus  exert  a  leading  influence  on  the  adminis 
tration.  General  Scott  lost  no  time  in  attempting  to  remove  these  pre- 
judices;  and  in  announcing  his  acceptance  of  the  nomination,  he 
promptly  declared  his  adhesion  to  the  principles  of  the  platform  adopted 
iDy  the  party.  At  the  instance  of  the  friends  of  the  candidate,  Mr. 
Seward  disclaimed  all  private  objects  in  connection  with  the  election  of 
General  Scott,  and  with  his  characteristic  frankness  and  fidelity  to 
political  associates,  he  publicly  announced  his  determination  to  accept 
no  office  at  the  hands  of  the  president  in  case  of  General  Scott's 
success.  This  had  been  his  course  hitherto,  and  it  would  not  be 
•changed  under  a  future  administration.11 

Many  ardent  friends  of  the  compromise,  notwithstanding,  refused 
to  rally  around  General  Scott,  distrusting  his  fidelity  to  the  compro 
mise  platform ;  while  a  large  number  of  the  whigs  of  the  free  states, 
through  aversion  to  the  platform,  assumed  a  neutral  position  or  gave 
their  support  to  a  third  candidate.3  Another  portion  of  the  whig 
party  nominated  Mr.  Webster,  who  died,4  not  only  refusing  to  de- 
•cline  the  nomination,  but  openly  avowing  his  disgust  with  the  action 
of  the  party. 

Mr.  Seward  and  his  friends  could  not  so  far  belie  their  convic 
tions  as  to  approve  the  principles  of  the  platform,  but  yielded  their 

1  The  platform  was  adopted  by  a  vote  of  227  to  60.    The  first  ballot  for  president  stood:  Fill- 
more.  132;  Scott.  131 :  Webster,  29.    The  53d  and  last:  Scott,  159;  Fillmore,  112  ;  Webster,  21. 

2  See  Vol.  Ill,  p.  416. 

3  A  convention  of  the  free  democracy,  at  Pittsbnrg,  nominated  John  P.  Hale  for  president,  and 
•Geo.  W.  Julian  for  vice-president,  and  declared  in  favor  of  "  free  soil,  free  laud,  internal  im 
provements,"  &c. 

4  October  24,  1852. 


22  MEMOIR. 

support  to  General  Scott  in  the  manner  which,  in  their  opinion,  was 
best  adapted  to  secure  his  election  and  defeat  the  ultra  pro-slavery 
party.  The  result,  however,  was  what  might  have  been  expected. 
The  democratic  party,  forgetting  its  past  divisions,  at  least  for  the 
time,  supported  Mr.  Pierce  with  unanimity  aad  zeal,  giving  him  the 
electoral  votes  of  twenty-seven  of  the  thirty-one  states.1 

The  loud  exultations  of  the  prevailing  party,  as  well  as  of  those 
whigs  who  had  sympathized  with  it  during  the  canvass,  showed 
their  belief  that,  in  the  defeat  of  General  Scott,  Mr.  Seward  was  not 
only  overthrown,  but  politically  annihilated.  The  whig  party,  also,, 
was,  in  their  opinion,  forever  destroyed,  at  least  as  an  enemy  of  the 
slave  power.  Many  prominent  members  of  that  party  took  an  early 
opportunity  of  offering  their  support  to  Mr.  Pierce's  administration, 
while  others  more  secretly,  but  no  less  efficiently,  gave  their  aid  to 
its  policy. 

It  was  under  these  discouraging  circumstances  that  Mr.  Seward  re 
sumed  his  seat  in  the  senate  at  the  opening  of  the  second  session  of  the 
thirty -second  congress,  in  December,  1852.  But  neither  his  speeches 
nor  his  public  conduct  were  colored  by  the  remembrance  of  the  recent 
disastrous  struggle.  No  traces  of  disappointment  were  visible  in  his 
bearing,  and  he  at  once  devoted  himself  to  the  business  of  the  session 
with  the  same  calmness  and  assiduity  which  had  always  marked  his 
congressional  career.  His  speeches  during  this  session  were  on  ques 
tions  of  great  practical  interest.  His  remarks  in  the  debate  on  "  Con 
tinental  Eights  and  Relations,"  although  grave  and  forcible,  were 
interspersed  with  incidental  touches  of  effective  satire ;  and  included 
a  graceful  and  feeling  tribute  to  the  character  of  John  Quincy  Adams.2 
On  the  proposal  "to  abolish  or  suspend  the  duty  on  railroad  iron," 
Mr.  Seward  addressed  the  senate  iu  one  of  his  most  characteristic 
speeches,3  warning  the  country  of  the  danger  of  an  approaching 
revulsion  in  railroad  and  financial  affairs  generally,  which  proved  no 
less  just  than  prophetic.  The  revulsion  predicted  actually  occurred 
in  1857.  This,  and  the  other  speeches  made  by  him  during  the 
session,  were  marked  by  an  admirable  union  of  statistical  narrative, 
general  reasoning  and  lofty  sentiments.4 

1  The  states  which  voted  for  General  Scott  were  Vermont,  Massachusetts,  Tennessee  and 
Kentucky.  In  the  free  states  Mr.  Pierce  received  1,156,513  votes,  General  Scott  1.038.757,  John  P, 
ll»le  157,685.  2  See  Vol.  Ill,  p.  605.  3  See  Vol.  Ill,  p.  (556. 

4  Theae  speeches  are  briefly  noticed  in  the  concluding  pages  of  the  Memoir,  in  Vol.  I. 


THE  KEPEAL  OF  THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  23 

After  an  extra  session  of  five  weeks  duration,  the  senate,  on  the 
llth  day  of  April,  1853,  adjourned.  Mr.  Seward  was  occupied 
most  of  the  summer  in  the  courts  of  the  United  States. 

He,  however,  found  time  during  the  recess  to  prepare  and  deliver 
two  addresses  of  remarkable  power  and  beauty.  The  first,  at  the  dedi 
cation  of  a  university  at  Columbus,  Ohio,  rises  to  the  dignity  of  an 
oration.1  In  it  he  pleads  eloquently  the  cause  of  Human  Nature  as 
especially  committed  to  the  care  of  the  people  of  the  United  States. 
"  To  disseminate  knowledge  and  to  increase  virtue,"  he  maintains, 
"is  to  establish  the  principles  on  which  the  recovery  and  preservation 
of  the  inherent  rights  of  man  depend,  and  the  state  that  does  this  most 
faithfully,  advances  most  effectually  the  cause  of  Human  Nature." 

In  October,  he  delivered  the  annual  address  before  the  American 
Institute,  in  the  city  of  New  York.1  This  is  a  stirring  appeal  to  the 
American  people  to  rise  to  a  higher  tone  of  individual  and  national 
independence  in  thought,  sentiment  and  action.  u  Let  this  prevail," 
he  says,  "and  we  shall  cease  to  undervalue  our  own  farmers,  me 
chanics  and  manufacturers,  and  their  productions;  our  own  science 
and  literature;  in  short,  our  own  infinite  resources  and  our  own 
peculiar  and  justly  envied  freedom." 

Both  of  these  productions  possess  merit  and  interest  of  a  perma 
nent  character. 

On  the  first  Monday  in  December,  1853,  the  first  congress  under 
Mr.  Pierce's  administration  assembled.2  It  commenced  deliberations 
under  inaugural  promises  which  seemed  either  designedly  delusive 
or  promulgated  with  an  imbecility  of  purpose  unworthy  a  chief 
magistrate.  High  expectations  of  much  beneficent  legislation  had 
been  formed.  Among  the  measures  which  it  was  anticipated  would 
come  up  for  consideration  were  the  modification  of  the  tariff  so  as  to 
enlarge  the  field  of  national  industry ;  the  construction  of  a  railroad 
between  the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  states ;  the  substitution  of  a  system 
of  gratuitous  allotments  of  land  in  limited  quantities  to  actual  settlers, 
instead  of  the  policy  of  sales  of  the  public  domain ;  the  improve 
ment  and  reform  of  the  army  and  navy ;  the  regulation  of  the  com 
mercial  marine  in  regard  to  immigrant  passengers;  the  endowment 
of  the  states  with  portions  of  the  public  lands  as  a  provision  for  the 

1  See  present  volume. 

2  Linn  Boyd  (democrat)  was  elected  Speaker  by  143  votes  to  74  for  all  others.    In  the  senate, 
the  administration  was  proportionately  strong. 


24  M  E  M  O  I  K  . 

care  of  the  insane  within  their  limits ;  the  establishment  of  steam 
mails  on  the  Pacific  ocean ;  and  the  opening  of  political  and  com 
mercial  relations  with  Japan. 

Mr.  Seward  addressed  himself  to  the  accomplishment  of  these 
important  objects  with  his  accustomed  diligence  and  zeal.  He  intro 
duced  early  in  the  session  a  bill  for  the  construction  of  a  railroad  to 
the  Pacific ;  and  another  for  the  establishment  of  steam  mails  between 
San  Francisco  and  the  Sandwich  Islands,  Japan,  and  China.  The 
times  seemed  favorable  for  such  legislation.  The  public  treasury 
was  overflowing.  The  slavery  agitation  apparently  had  died  away 
both  in  congress  and  throughout  the  country.  This  calm,  however, 
was  doomed  to  a  sudden  interruption.  The  prospect  of  such  extended 
beneficent  legislation  was  destroyed  by  the  introduction  of  a  measure 
which  at  once  supplanted  all  other  subjects  in  congress  and  in  the 
political  interest  of  the  people.  This  was  the  novel  and  astounding 
proposal  of  Mr.  Douglas,  in  relation  to  the  Kansas  and  Nebraska 
territories.  The  country  saw  with  regret  and  mortification  the  home 
stead  bill  transformed  into  one  of  mere  graduation  of  the  prices 
of  the  public  lands.  The  bills  for  the  improvement  of  the  army  and 
navy,  and  the  bill  for  regulating  the  transportation  of  immigrants, 
were  dropped  before  coming  to  maturity.  The  bill  for  a  grant  of 
land  to  the  states  in  aid  of  the  insane  was  defeated  in  the  senate  for 
the  want  of  a  constitutional  majority,  after  having  been  vetoed  by 
the  president.  The  bill  for  establishing  the  Pacific  railroad  was  lost 
for  want  of  time  to  debate  it;  and  the  bill  for  opening  steam  com 
munication  with  the  East,  after  passing  the  senate,  failed  in  the  house 
for  want  of  consideration.  Everything  gave  way  to  the  renewed 
agitation  of  the  slavery  question — an  agitation  precipitated  on  an 
astounded  nation  by  southern  influence,  yet  for  which  the  north  has 
been  held  accountable  ever  since,  by  orators  and  presses  devoted  to 
slave  predominance  in  public  affairs,  with  a  persistency  that  could  be 
called  adroit  if  it  were  not  so  obviously  false. 

The  administration  had  a  majority  of  nearly  two  to  one  in  both 
houses ;  and  the  opponents  of  introducing  slavery  into  the  free  terri 
tories  constituted  less  than  one-fifth  of  the  senate,  and  were  in  a 
decided  minority  in  the  house.1 

1  At  the  beginning  of  the  session  the  house  was  classified,  politically,  democrats  159,  whigs  71. 
freesoilers  4 :  the  senate,  democrats  36,  whigs  20,  freesoilers  2. 


THE   REPEAL   OF   THE    MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  25 

The  measure,  already  alluded  to,  which  produced  this  sudden 
derangement  in  congress,  was  a  provision  in  the  bill  for  the  organi 
zation  of  a  territory  in  Nebraska,  declaring  that  the  states  which 
might  at  any  future  time  be  formed  in  the  new  territory  should  leave 
the  question  of  slavery  to  be  decided  by  the  inhabitants  thereof  on 
the  adoption  of  their  constitution.  This  provision  was,  as  explained 
by  the  bill  itself,  the  application  of  the  compromise  policy  of  1850 
to  Nebraska,  and,  as  was  evident,  virtually  repealed  the  Missouri 
compromise  of  1820,  which  guarantied  that  slavery  should  be  forever 
excluded  from  the  territory  in  question. 

But,  in  order  to  bring  the  supporters  of  the  bill  and  its  opponents 
to  a  more  decided  test,  an  amendment  was  moved  expressly  annulling 
that  portion  of  the  Missouri  compromise  which  related  to  the  subject. 
Mr.  Douglas,  after  some  deliberation,  accepted  the  amendment,  and 
modified  his  plan  so  far  as  to  introduce  a  new  bill  for  the  organiza 
tion  of  Nebraska  and  Kansas  within  the  same  limits,  instead  of  the 
territory  of  Nebraska  alone,  according  to  the  original  programme. 

The  administration  lost  no  time  in  adopting  this  policy  as  their 
own.     It  was  at  first  proposed   to  hasten  the  passage  of  the  bill 
through  both  houses  so  rapidly  as  to  prevent  any  remonstrance  on 
the  part  of  the  people.     But  the  opponents  of  the  measure,  including \ 
Mr.  Seward,  Mr.  Chase,  Mr.  Sumner,  Mr.  Truman  Smith,  Mr.  Wade,  l 
Mr.  Everett,  Mr.  Bell,  Mr.  Houston  and  Mr.  Fessenden  combined! 
against  it  such  an  earnest  and  effective  resistance  that  the  attention^ 
of  the  country  was  aroused,  and  an  indignant  protest  called  forth 
from  the  people  of  the  free   states.     The  bill,  however,  passed  the 
senate  on  the  4th  day  of  March,  1854,  after  a  discussion  which  had 
occupied  nearly  every  day  of  the  session  since  the  23d  of  January.1 

Of  the  fourteen  senators  from  free  states  who  voted  for  the  bill 
only  three — Messrs  Douglas,  Gwin,  and  Thompson  of  New  Jersey 
— have  been  reflected,  the  others  having  been  succeeded  by  reliable 
opponents  of  the  slave  power.  Of  the  twelve  from  free  states  who 
voted  against  it,  six  have  been  reflected,  and  the  places  of  the  others 
have  been  filled  by  republicans,  with  one  exception.2 

i  The  vote  stood  as  follows  :  lreos~- Adams.  Atchison,  Bayard.  Badger,  Benjamin,  Brodhead, 
Brown,  Butler,  Cass,  Clay,  Dawson,  Dixon.  Dodge  of  Iowa.  Douglas,  Evans,  Fitzpatrick,  Geyer, 
•Gwin,  Hunter.  Johnson,  Jones  of  Iowa,  Jones  of  Tennessee,  Mason.  Morton,  Norris,  Pettit, 
Pratt,  Kusk.  Sebastian,  Shields,  Slidell,  Stuart.  Thompson  of  Kentucky.  Thompson  of  New 
Jersey,  Toucey,  Weller,  Williams — 37 :  Nays — Bell,  Chase,  Dodge  of  Wisconsin,  Fessenden, 
Fieh.'Foot,  Hamlin.  Houston,  James.  Seward.  Smith.  Sumner.  Wade.  Walker— 14. 

•2  Mr.  Pugh,  Democrat,  by  the  vote  of  A  Legislature,  elected  before  the  agitation  began, 
succeeded  Mr.  Chase,  Republican,  who  ha*  in  turn  been  recently  chosen  to  succeed  Mr.  Pugh. 


26  MEMOIR. 

The  bill  as  it  passed  the  senate  contained  a  provision,  known 
as  "  Clayton's  amendment,"  restricting  the  right  of  suffrage  in  the 
territories  to  citizens  and  those  who  had  declared  their  intentions 
to  become  such. 

On  the  21st  of  March,  Mr.  Richardson  of  Illinois,  in  the  house, 
moved  to  refer  the  bill,  as  it  came  from  the  senate,  to  the  committee 
on  territories,  of  which  he  was  the  chairman.  Mr.  Francis  b.  Cutting 
of  New  York,  moved  that  it  be  sent  to  the  committee  of  the  whole 
where  it  could  be  freely  discussed.  His  motion  was  carried,  after  a 
severe  struggle,  by  a  vote  of  110  to  95.  This  was  regarded  as  a 
triumph  of  the  enemies  of  the  bill  and  inspired  hopes  of  its  ultimate 
defeat  in  the  house. 

On  the  22d  of  May,  after  a  most  exciting  contest,  lasting  nearly 
two  months,  in  committee  of  the  whole,  Mr.  Alex.  II.  Stephens  of 
Georgia,  by  an  extraordinary  stratagem  in  parliamentary  tactics- 
succeeded  in  closing  the  debate  and  bringing  the  bill  to  a  vote  in  the 
house,  where  it  finally  passed,  before  adjournment,  by  a  vote  of  113 
to  100.1 

As  the  bill  passed  the  house  it  differed  from  the  one  that  came 
from  the  senate,  chiefly,  in  being  divested  of  Mr.  Clayton's  amend 
ment,  excluding  aliens  from  voting.  It  was  therefore  necessary  that 
it  should  go  back  to  the  senate  to  be  again  considered  and  voted  upon. 

On  the  24th  of  May,  two  days  after  it  passed  the  house,  the  senate, 
on  motion  of  Mr.  Douglas,  proceeded  to  act  upon  the  bill. 

Mr.  Pearce  of  Maryland,  renewed  Mr.  Clayton's  amendment,  but 
it  now  received  only  seven  votes — Messrs.  Bayard,  Bell,  Brodhead, 
Brown,  Clayton,  Pearce,  and  Thompson  of  Kentucky. 

The  bill  was  met  on  its  return  by  Messrs.  Seward,  Sumner  and 
Chase  with  a  continued  and  powerful  opposition.  But  it  was  all  to 
no  effect.  The  bill  again  passed  the  senate  by  a  vote  of  35  to  13  ; 
and  amid  the  firing  of  cannon  and  the  shouting  of  its  friends,  it  was 
sent  to  the  president  for  his  signature,  at  three  o'clock  in  the  morn 
ing  of  May  26, 1854.  President  Pierce  promptly  gave  it  his  approval, 
and  the  odious  measure  became  the  law  of  the  land. 

i  Amon£  the  Democrats  who  voted  in  the  minority  were  Messrs.  Banks  of  Massachusetts, 
Davis  of  Rhode  Island,  Fcnton  of  New  York,  Grow  of  Pennsylvania,  Jones  of  New  York,  Went- 
worth  of  Illinois,  and  several  others  who  have  since  returned  to  the  democratic  party.  From, 
the  south  Messrs  Benton  of  Missouri,  Cullom,  Etheridge  and  Taylor  of  Tennessee,  Hunt  of 
Louisiana,  Millson  of  Virginia,  Puryear  and  Rogers  of  North  Carolina,  voted  against  the  mea 
sures.  With  these  exceptions  the  bill  was  supported  by  the  democrats  of  the  north  and  south 
and  the  southern  whigs. 


THE   REPEAL   OF  THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  27 

Thus  was  abrogated  the  Missouri  compromise — a  law  enacted  thirty 
years  before  with  all  the  solemnity  of  a  compact  between  the  free- 
and  the  slave  states — and  a  territory  as  large  as  the  thirteen  original 
states  opened  to  slavery.  The  act  was  consummated  by  the  coopera 
tion  of  the  north.  Originating  with  a  senator  from  a  free  state,  it 
was  passed  by  a  congress  containing  in  each  branch  a  majority  of 
members  from  the  free  states,  and  was  sanctioned  by  the  approval 
of  a  free  state  president. 

The  friends  of  this  legislation  attempted  to  defend  it  on  the  pre 
tence  that  it  was  not  an  original  act,  but  only  declaratory  of  the  true 
intent  and  significance  of  the  compromise  measures  of  1850.  For 
his  resistance  to  those  measures,  Mr.  Seward  had  been  vehemently 
denounced.  But  at  the  very  commencement  of  the  Nebraska  strug 
gle,  the  friends  of  freedom  at  the  north  turned  their  eyes  toward 
him  as  their  devoted  champion.  He  was  beset  with  appeals  on  all 
sides  to  awaken  the  country  to  the  atrocity  of  the  proposed  transac 
tion.  In  no  quarter  were  these  appeals  more  urgent  than  in  the  city 
of  New  York,  where  his  opposition  to  the  compromise  of  1850  had 
been  most  severely  condemned.  With  his  usual  sagacity  and  confi 
dence  in  the  popular  impulse,  and  faithful  to  his  innate  sense  of 
personal  dignity,  he  kept  aloof  from  these  overtures,  and  was  content 
with  the  zealous  discharge  of  his  senatorial  duties  on  the  floor  of 
congress.  A  characteristic  letter,  in  reply  to  an  invitation  to  address- 
a  public  meeting  in  the  city  of  New  York,  in  the  midst  of  the  excite 
ment,  will  be  found  in  this  volume.  He  closes  his  letter  with  these 
words : 

"  I  beg  you  to  be  assured  that,  while  declining  to  go  into  popular  assemblies  as  an 
agitator,  I  shall  endeavor  to  do  my  duty  here,  with  as  many  true  men  as  shall  be 
found  in  a  delegation  which,  if  all  were  firm  and  united  in  the  maintenance  of 
public  right  and  justice,  would  be  able  to  control  the  decision  of  this  question. 
But  the  measure  of  success  and  effect  which  shall  crown  our  exertions  must  depend 
now,  as  heretofore,  on  the  fidelity  with  which  the  people  whom  we  represent  shall 
adhere  to  the  policy  and  principles  which  are  the  foundation  of  their  own  unri 
valled  prosperity  and  greatness." 

The  pledges  given  in  this  letter  were  nobly  fulfilled.  The  first 
of  his  speeches  on  the  Nebraska  bill  was  a  profound  and  dispassion 
ate  statement  of  the  whole  argument  against  the  measure,  alike 
remarkable  for  compact  narrative  and  logical  arrangement.  Though 


28  MEMOIR. 

it  failed  of  preventing  the  accomplishment  of  the  measure  in  con 
gress,  it  acted  with  magnetic  power  on  the  people  of  the  free  states, 
arousing  them  to  a  spirit  of  unconquerable  resistance  to  the  aggres 
sions  of  shivery.  The  conclusion  of  this  speech,  as  we  read  it  now, 
seems  like  the  prophecy  of  inspiration.  Its  last  words  were :  "  There 
"  is  a  Superior  Power  that  overrules  all  your  actions  and  all  your 
"  refusals  to  act,  and  I  fondly  hope  and  trust  overrules  them  to  the 
"k  advancement  of  the  happiness,  greatness  and  glory  of  our  country— 
"  that  overrules,  I  know,  not  only  all  your  actions  and  all  your  refu- 
"  sals  to  act,  but  all  human  events,  to  the  distant  but  inevitable  result 
"  of  the  equal  and  universal  liberty  of  all  men." 

It  was  a  gloomy  night  for  the  lovers  of  freedom  when  the  tele 
graphic  despatches  flashed  throughout  the  country,  announcing  that 
the  ill-omened  bill  was  on  its  final  reading  in  the  senate.  Mr.  Sew- 
ard  chose  that  hour  of  intense  excitement  to  close  the  debate  on  his 
part.  The  commencement  of  his  speech  was  solemn  and  impressive. 
He  reviewed  the  sophistries  which  had  been  offered  in  defense  of 
the  bill  with  a  clearness  and  power  that  might  almost  have  arrested 
its  progress  even  on  the  verge  of  enactment.  Presenting  to  the  free 
states  the  evidences  of  their  ability  to  procure  a  repeal  of  the  law, 
he  urged,  by  conclusive  arguments,  the  importance  of  such  a  step, 
and,  at  the  same  time,  luminously  expounded  the  methods  of  exclu 
ding  slavery  from  Nebraska,  Kansas,  and  the  vast  unsettled  regions 
of  the  west,  by  aiding  and  promoting  a  rapid  and  systematic  emigra 
tion  into  the  territories  in  question.  The  effect  of  this  speech  was 
cheering  in  the  extreme.  It  threw  a  rainbow  across  the  dark  cloud 
that  hung  over  the  country.  The  auspicious  omen  was  accepted ; 
and  the  faith  of  the  people  has  since  been  rewarded  by  the  most 
gratifying  results.1 

Besides  these  two  important  speeches,  Mr.  Seward  made  several 
other  elaborate  efforts  in  the  senate  during  this  eventful  session. 
One,  on  the  bill  granting  lands  to  the  several  states  for  the  relief  of 
the  indigent  insane,  is  deserving  of  especial  notice.  This  measure 
(known  as  "  Miss  Dix's  bill  for  the  insane")  had  passed  both  houses,3 
and  been  returned  to  the  senate  by  the  president  with  a  veto  message 

i  An  Emigrant  Aid  Society  was  immediately  formed  in  Washington  among  members  of  con 
gress,  and  others  soon  sprang  up  in  New  England  and  various  parts  of  the  country. 

*  In  the  senate  it  received  35  votes,  with  but  12  against  it.  In  the  house  the  yeas  were  81,  the 
nays  93. 


SPEECHES   IN   THE   SENATE.  29 

Mr.  Seward's  remarks  were  devoted  mainly  to  a  review  of  the  presi 
dent's  message,  which  he  characterized  as  desultory,  illogical  and 
confused.  He  concludes  with  an  eloquent  and  pertinent  vindication 
of  the  rights  and  interests  of  the  individual  states  of  the  Union.  He 
desired  "  not  to  abate  the  federal  strength  and  diminish  the  majesty 
of  the  Union,  but  to  invigorate  and  aggrandize  the  states,  and  to- 
enable  them  to  maintain  their  just  equilibrium  in  one  grand  but 
exquisitely  contrived  political  system."  The  bill  failed  to  pass  over 
the  president's  veto,  and  has  never  since  been  successfully  revived. 

Mr.  Seward  advocated,  at  different  times  during  the  session,  a 
system  of  postal  reform.  But  this,  like  other  measures  of  public 
benefit,  was  lost  amid  the  general  wreck.  He  was  especially  desi 
rous  of  securing  greater  expedition  and  safety  in  the  transmission 
of  the  mails  between  the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  coasts.  A  proposition 
to  give  one  hundred  thousand  dollars  to  the  brave  sailors  who  res 
cued  the  survivors  of  the  wreck  of  the  steamer  San  Francisco,  lost, 
at  sea  with  two  hundred  and  forty  lives  on  the  5th  of  January,  1854r 
received  his  support.  His  speech  in  its  behalf  was  characterized  by 
a  generous  humanity  as  well  as  by  sound  views  of  public  policy. 

The  project  of  acquiring  Cuba  was  broached  in  the  senate  soon 
after  the  passage  of  the  Nebraska  bill.  Mr.  Seward  sp*ke  at  some 
length  on  the  Africanization  of  the  island.  He  opposed  the  bill  to- 
suspend  the  duties  on  railroad  iron,  as  contrary  to  a  wise  and  sound 
policy. 

The  homestead  bill  always  found  in  Mr.  Seward  a  steady  supporter* 
In  a  speech  made  on  the  12th  of  July,  1854,  in  defense  of  this 
measure,  he  took  occasion  to  express  his  views  very  freely  on  what 
was  then  called  *'  know  nothingism." 

In  the  debate  on  "  appropriations  for  the  improvement  of  rivers 
and  harbors,"  Mr.  Seward  energetically  contended  for  the  interests 
of  commerce  and  navigation  on  the  great  lakes,  reviewing  severely 
the  president's  veto  of  a  previous  bill. 

During  the  discussion  of  the  Kansas  and  Nebraska  bill  in  the 
house  of  representatives,  a  memorial  remonstrating  against  the  repeal 
of  the  Missouri  compromise  signed  by  three  thousand  and  fifty 
clergymen  of  New  England,  was  presented  to  the  senate  by  Edward 
Everett.  Mr.  Douglas  and  other  senators  attacked  this  memorial 
with  great  violence,  severely  criticising  its  language,  questioning  its 
propriety  and  denying  the  claim  of  its  authors  to  a  hearing  in  the 


30  MEMOIR. 

senate.  Mr.  Seward,  maintaining  the  right  of  petition  on  its  broadest 
grounds,  defended  the  course  of  the  memorialists,  and  in  a  brief 
speech  sustained  his  positions  with  his  accustomed  vigor  and  acumen. 
After  a  spirited  debate  the  petition  was  received  in  the  usual  manner 
and  laid  on  the  table.  But  the  dignified  defense  of  the  remonstrants, 
made  by  Mr.  Seward,  was  remembered  with  favor  by  the  lovers  of 
justice  and  freedom  of  conscience  in  all  parts  of  the  country. 

Two  unusually  important  treaties  were  ratified  by  the  senate,  in 
executive  or  secret  session,  during  this  meeting  of  congress.  One  is 
known  as  the  "  Gadsden  treaty  "  for  the  settlement  of  our  relations 
with  Mexico,  and  the  other  as  the  "  reciprocity  treaty  "  for  the  regu 
lation  of  trade  between  Canada  and  the  United  States.  Mr.  Seward 
is  understood  to  have  opposed  the  former,  while  he  gave  his  support 
to  the  latter. 

Just  before  the  adjournment  of  congress  (on  the  26th  of  July, 
1854)  Mr.  Seward  delivered  the  annual  oration  before  the  Phi  Beta 
Kappa  society  of  Yale  college,  on  which  occasion  he  received  the 
honorary  degree  of  doctor  of  laws.  The  subject  of  his  discourse 
was,  "the  physical,  moral  and  intellectual  development  of  the 
American  people,"1  which  he  treated  with  great  discrimination  and 
vigorous  eloquence,  commanding  the  admiration  of  a  highly  intellec 
tual  audience  and  strengthening  his  well  earned  title  to  oratorical  fame. 

After  an  arduous  session  of  more  than  eight  months,  congress 
adjourned  on  the  7th  of  August,  1854.  In  October,  following,  Mr. 
Seward  made  an  elaborate  argument  in  the  circuit  court  of  the 
United  States  at  Albany,  in  the  celebrated  McCormick  reaper  case. 

The  state  elections,  in  the  autumn,  in  all  the  free  states,  resulted 
in  a  decided  verdict  against  the  extraordinary  legislation  of  congress 
and  the  action  of  the  administration.  Only  seventy-nine  members 
were  elected,  in  all  the  states,  to  the  next  congress  who  were  known 
as  friends  of  the  president's  policy,2  while  one  hundred  and  seventeen 
were  chosen  as  decided  opponents  of  the  repeal  of  the  Missouri  com 
promise.  The  remaining  thirty-seven  members,  classed  as  whigs  or 
Americans,  were  generally  supposed  to  sympathize  with  the  admin 
istration  in  its  pro-slavery  character,  although  unwilling  to  be  classed 
as  its  friends. 

1  See  present  volume  for  this  oration  and  the  speeches  before  noticed. 

2  At  the  election  for  speaker  the  administration  candidate,  Mr.  Richardson,  the  father  of  the 
Nebraska  bill  in  the  house,  at  the  previous  session,  received  on  the  first  ballot  74  votes. 


\ 


SPEECHES   IN  THE   SENATE.  31 

The  second  and  last  session  of  the  thirty- third  congress  met  on  the 
first  Monday  in  December,  1854.  A  manifestly  subdued  temper  on 
the  part  of  the  majority  and  the  absence  of  any  exciting  topic  for 
discussion  gave  hopes  of  much  healthful  legislation,  only  however 
to  be  disappointed. 

Mr.  Seward,  with  his  accustomed  assiduity,  turned  his  attention  to 
the  task  of  rescuing  from  the  ruins  some  of  the  beneficent  measures 
sacrificed  to  the  interests  of  slavery  at  the  last  session.  Among 
these  the  Pacific  railroad,  the  improvement  of  rivers  and  harbors 
and  the  revision  of  the  tariff  may  be  especially  mentioned.  Mr. 
Seward  was  the  author  of  a  bill,  introduced  by  him  at  the  pre 
vious  session,  for  the  construction  of  a  railroad  to  the  Pacific  ocean, 
which  seemed  more  practical  in  its  character  than  any  yet  con 
sidered. 

A  bill  to  increase  the  compensation  of  members  of  congress  and 
to  raise  the  salaries  of  the  judges  of  the  supreme  court  was  intro 
duced  early  in  the  session.  Mr.  Seward  opposed  both  propositions. 
In  a  speech  on  the  "  extension  of  the  bounty  land  law  "  he  paid  an 
eloquent  tribute  to  the  volunteers  and  militia  who  had  served  in  the 
wars  of  the  United  States,  and  advocated  an  amendment  providing 
that  they  should  be  included  in  the  benefits  of  the  law  the  same  as 
officers  and  soldiers  of  the  regular  army.  On  presenting  a  memorial 
from  the  unemployed  workmen  of  the  city  of  New  York  in  favor 
of  a  homestead  law,  Mr.  Seward  feelingly  portrayed  the  distress 
he  had  himself  recently  witnessed  among  the  industrial  classes  in  the 
large  cities,  and  urged  the  passage  of  the  homestead  bill  as  a  wise  and 
inexpensive  measure  of  relief. 

His  remarks  on  internal  improvements,  during  the  debate  on  the 
bill  making  appropriations  for  the  improvement  of  rivers  and  har 
bors,  and  his  speeches  in  favor  of  the  Pacific  railroad  all  abound 
with  the  most  liberal  and  statesmanlike  ideas ;  while  those  in  opposi 
tion  to  reducing  the  tariff  on  American  products  and  manufactures 
are  consistent  with  the  principles  he  has  always  maintained. 

Mr.  Seward  insisted  on  the  payment  of  the  Texas  debts  as  an  obli 
gation  entered  into  by  our  government  which  could  not  now  be 
honorably  repudiated,  however  unwise  that  obligation  may  have 
been  when  it  was  assumed. 

He  was  the  early  and  steadfast  friend  of  mail  steamers  on  the 
Atlantic  and  Pacific  oceans.  His  speech  on  the  27th  of  February, 


32  MEMOIR. 

1855,  although  brief,  clearly  presents  the  reasons  why  our  govern 
ment  should  continue  to  employ  first  class  steamships  in  its  mail 
service.  Mr.  Seward  opposed  the  bill  granting  three  years'  credit  on 
duties  on  railroad  iron.  He  maintained  that  it  was  impolitic  and 
wrong  to  stimulate  an  enterprise  already  unduly  expanded.  The 
wisdom  of  his  words  has  been  verified  by  the  remarkable  deprecia 
tion  of  railroad  shares. 

A  misunderstanding  having  arisen  among  the  merchants  of  New 
York  in  regard  to  a  bill  introduced  at  the  last  session,  by  Senator 
Fish,  relating  to  immigrant  passenger  ships,  Mr.  Seward  in  a  grace 
ful  speech  defended  his  colleague  from  any  negligence  in  the  matter, 
Mr.  Fish  being  then  absent  from  the  country  seeking  the  restoration 
of  his  health. 

Near  the  close  of  the  session,  Senator  Toucey  introduced  a  bill 
designed  to  strengthen  the  already  rigid  features  of  the  fugitive  slave 
act  of  1850.  It  provided  that  all  suits  growing  out  of  the  enforce 
ment  of  that  act  might  be  removed  from  any  state  court,  in  which 
they  had  been  commenced,  to  the  federal  courts.  On  the  26th  of 
May,  1854,  the  day  on  which  the  Nebraska  bill  passed,  Anthony 
Burns,  a  fugitive  slave  from  Virginia,  had  been  arrested  in  Boston  by 
the  officers  of  the  federal  government.  In  an  unsuccessful  attempt  by 
the  people  to  rescue  him  from  the  hands  of  the  marshal  and  his  depu 
ties,  one  of  the  latter  was  killed.  The  fugitive,  having  been  declared 
by  the  commissioner  to  be  a  slave,  was  conducted  from  the  court  house 
to  a  revenue  cutter  in  the  harbor  by  a  company  of  marines  and 
"United  States  soldiers,  assisted  by  the  volunteer  militia  of  the  city  of 
Boston.  Cannon  loaded  with  grape  shot  were  planted  in  command 
ing  positions  to  preserve  order,  and  the  court  house,  surrounded  by 
chains,  was  guarded  by  an  armed  police.  During  this  extraordinary 
scene  many  acts  of  tyranny  were  practiced  by  the  federal  officers  on  the 
people  occupying  or  passing  through  the  streets.  The  civil  and 
criminal  prosecutions  growing  out  of  such  acts  were  commenced  in 
the  courts  of  Massachusetts.  One  of  the  objects  of  Mr.  Toucey's 
bill  was  to  change  the  jurisdiction  from  these  tribunals  to  the  courts 
of  the  United  States. 

Mr.  Seward  aroused  the  attention  of  the  senate  and  of  the  country 
to  the  enormous  usurpation  which  the  bill  proposed,  in  a  speech  of 
stirring  eloquence ;  reviewing  the  recent  startling  encroachments  of 


RE-ELECTION  TO   THE   SENATE.  S3 

despotism  and  characterising  the  present  one  as  more  bold  and  alarm 
ing  than  any  that  had  preceded  it.1  Other  senators  from  the  free 
states  followed  him  in  denouncing  it,  in  terms  no  less  severe  and 
decided. 

Mr.  Sumner,  at  the  close  of  an  eloquent  speech  against  the  bill, 
moved,  as  an  amendment,  a  substitute  for  the  whole  bill,  repealing  the 
fugitive  slave  act  of  1850.  Mr.  Seward  gladly  availed  himself  of 
the  opportunity  to  record  his  vote  in  favor  of  the  repeal  of  that 
odious  act;  but  the  proposition  could  then  command  only  nine 
affirmative  votes,  Messrs.  Brainerd  of  Vermont,  Chase  of  Ohio, 
Cooper  of  Pennsylvania,  Fessenden  of  Maine,  Gillette  of  Connecti 
cut,  Seward  of  New  York,  Sumner  of  Massachusetts,  Wade  of  Ohio, 
and  Wilson  of  Massachusetts. 

Mr.  Toucey's  bill,  after  a  most  animated  discussion,  passed  the 
senate  at  midnight  by  a  vote  of  29  to  9.  Owing  to  the  lateness  of 
the  session  its  consideration  in  the  house  was  never  reached ;  nor 
has  it  since  been  revived.  The  days  of  the  thirty-third  congress 
were  now  numbered,  and  on  the  3d  of  March,  1855,  both  houses 
adjourned  sine  die. 

This  congress,  the  first  under  Mr.  Pierce's  administration,  will  long 
be  memorable  not  only  for  its  entire  failure  to  accomplish  any  great 
and  beneficent  acts  of  legislation,  but  also  for  having  deliberately 
re-opened  a  discussion  of  the  slavery  question  whose  ultimate  con 
sequences  and  collateral  results  no  prophet  can  foresee. 

With  this  congress,  Mr.  Seward's  first  senatorial  term  expired. 
His  individual  interests  and  personal  feelings  led  him  to  prefer  a  re 
turn  to  private  life.  But  higher  considerations  prevailed,  and  he 
consented  to  be  a  candidate  for  reelection.  His  views  on  this  subject 
were  well  expressed  in  a  letter  to  John  Quincy  Adams  in  1841,  and 
substantially  repeated  to  those  who  now  felt,  as  he  thought,  an  undue 
anxiety  that  he  should  be  reflected.  He  says  in  his  letter  to  his 
venerable  friend :  "As  for  the  future,  I  await  its  developments  with 
out  concern,  conscious  that  if  my  services  are  needed,  they  will  be 
demanded,  if  not  needed  that  it  would  be  neither  patriotic  nor  con 
ducive  to  my  own  happiness  to  be  in  public  life ;  "  sentiments  whose 
unaffected  modesty  of  utterance,  yet  epigrammatic  beauty,  would,  if 
found  in  Roman  history,  attract  the  admiration  of  the  world. 

i  Mr.  Seward's  speeches  on  this,  and  other  bills  hefore  noticed,  will  be  found  in  succeeding 
pages  of  the  present  volume. 

VOL.  IV  5 


34  MEMOIR. 

The  election  of  members  of  the  legislature  in  the  state  of  New 
York  in  the  autumn  of  1854,  was  held  in  view  of  the  fact  that  they 
would  be  called  at  the  coming  session  to  elect  a  senator  of  the  United 
States. 

The  reelection  of  Mr.  Seward,  of  course,  formed  a  prominent  ques 
tion  in  the  canvass.  The  element  of  "kfiow  nothingism"  or 
"Americanism,"  also  greatly  influenced  the  election  of  the  members 
of  the  Assembly  as  well  as  of  the  various  state  officers  chosen  at  the 
same  time.  To  some  extent  the  issue  was,  from  this  cause,  confused 
and  the  result  uncertain.  Mr.  Seward's  whole  life  had  been  in  op 
position  to  secret  societies  and  to  any  limitation  of  the  political  rights 
of  the  people.  The  new  party,  now  at  its  height,  was  founded  as  he 
believed,  substantially,  on  ideas  directly  in  conflict  with  his  matured 
convictions.  At  a  time  when  other  statesmen  were  courting  the  new 
element  or  being  reticent  before  its  influence,  Mr.  Seward,  in  the 
senate,  frankly  expressed  his  opposition  to  these  secret  political 
organizations.  With  such  circumstances  and  antagonisms  to  over 
come,  with  a  combination  of  democrats  and  Americans  against  him, 
his  past  services,  his  devotion  to  the  cause  of  freedom  and  hu 
manity,  and  his  fidelity  to  all  the  great  interests  of  his  native  state 
and  the  country,  were  submitted  to  the  people  of  New  York  for  their 
verdict. 

The  election  took  place  on  the  first  Tuesday  in  November,  and  was 
contested  with  unusual  vigor  throughout  the  state.  Although  the 
democrats  succeeded  in  electing  but  forty -two  members  of  the  assem 
bly  out  of  one  hundred  and  twenty-eight,  loud  boasts  were  made  by 
the  opponents  of  Mr.  Seward  that  he  could  not  be  reflected.  The 
most  industrious  efforts  were  made  to  excite  new  animosities  and 
revive  old  prejudices  against  him  in  order  to  defeat  his  reelection. 
The  authors  of  these  efforts  and  the  character  of  their  weapons  were 
various.  One  spirit,  however,  animated  the  whole.  The  slave  power 
projected  or  applauded  every  shaft  of  calumny  that  was  directed  at 
the  object  of  its  greatest  fear. 

The  legislature  met  on  the  first  Tuesday  in  January,  1855.  The 
assembly  chose  Mr.  Littlejohn  speaker,  eighty  to  thirty-eight.  The 
senate,  which  held  over  from  the  last  year,  was  divided,  whigs  eigh 
teen,  democrats  ten,  know  nothings  four.  Before  the  day  appointed 
for  the  election  of  senator,  a  discussion  arose  in  the  assembly,  in 


RE-ELECTED   SENATOR.  35 

which  Mr.  Seward's  public  life  was  subjected  to  a  searching  review. 
As  this  debate  proceeded  his  friends  felt  an  increasing  confidence  in 
his  success.  At  the  same  time  his  opponents,  with  apparent  sincerity, 
continued  to  assert  that  his  election  by  the  present  legislature  was 
impossible.  Under  these  circumstances  the  excitement  rose  to  a  great 
height.  Throughout  the  Union  the  contest  was  regarded  as  one  be 
tween  freedom  and  slavery. 

On  the  first  Tuesday  in  February  the  election  took  place.  In  the 
senate  Mr.  Seward  received  eighteen  votes,  Daniel  S.  Dickinson  five, 
W.  F.  Allen  two,  Millard  Fillmore,  Ogden  Hoffman,  Preston  King, 
Daniel  Ullman,  George  K.  Babcock,  and  S.  E.  Church  one  each. 

In  the  assembly  the  vote  stood,  for  Mr.  Seward  sixty-nine,  Mr. 
Dickinson  fourteen,  Horatio  Seymour  twelve,  Washington  Hunt  nine, 
John  A.  Dix  seven,  Mr.  Fillmore  four,  and  eleven  others  one  each. 

The  senate  and  assembly  then  in  joint  session  compared  nomina 
tions  and  the  lieutenant-governor  declared  William  H.  Seward  duly 
elected  a  senator  of  the  United  States  for  six  years  from  the  4th  of 
March,  1855. 

This  announcement  soon  reached  every  part  of  the  Union,  and  in 
all  the  free  states  it  was  received  with  demonstrations  of  joy  and 
approval.  In  Washington  the  rejoicing  among  Mr.  Seward's  politi 
cal  and  personal  friends,  in  congress,  and  among  the  people  of  that 
city,  was  no  less  enthusiastic  and  sincere  than  in  other  portions  of 
the  country. 

On  his  return  to  his  home  in  Auburn,  Mr.  Seward  was  everywhere 
greeted  with  the  hearty  congratulations  of  his  friends.  He,  however, 
declined  the  various  public  ovations  tendered  to  him  in  different 
places. 

During  the  canvass  for  the  annual  state  election  in  the  autumn  of 
1855,  Mr.  Seward,  at  the  earnest  solicitation  of  his  political  friends, 
addressed  the  people  at  Albany,  Auburn  and  Buffalo.  These 
speeches  are  standard  political  dissertations.  They  produced  a 
marked  effect,  not  only  in  his  own  state  but  throughout  the  country. 
President  Pierce  in  his  annual  message  to  congress  saw  fit  to  allude 
to  some  of  the  sentiments  contained  in  the  one  delivered  in  the 
capitol  at  Albany.  This  speech'  entitled  "  The  danger  of  extending 
slavery,"  or  "  The  privileged  class,"  and  the  one  delivered  at  Buffalo, 


36  MEMOIR. 

"  The  contest  and  the  crisis,"  were  very  widely  circulated  in  news 
papers  and  pamphlets. 

On  the  22d  of  December,  1855,  Mr.  Seward  delivered  the  annual 
oration  at  Plymouth,  Massachusetts,  in  commemoration  of  the  land 
ing  of  the  pilgrims.  At  the  dinner  table  he  also  made  a  brief  but 
eloquent  speech  in  response  to  a  complimentary  sentiment.  His 
large  and  cultivated  audience  gave  repeated  expressions  of  their 
sympathy  and  delight,  with  the  sentiments  of  the  oration'  and  the 
speech.1 

The  summer  of  1855  seemed  to  be  marked  by  a  number  of  occur 
rences  showing  the  aggressive  and  tyrannical  spirit  of  the  slave  power. 
On  the  27th  of  July,  Passmore  Williamson,  a  respectable  and  benevolent 
citizen  of  Philadelphia,  was  thrown  into  prison  in  that  city  and  con 
fined  fourteen  weeks.  He  was  charged  with  a  "contempt  of  court." 
The  facts  of  the  case  were,  briefly,  these :  a  Mr.  Wheeler  came  from 
a  slave  state  into  Pennsylvania,  bringing  with  him  a  slave  woman, 
who  became,  by  the  laws  of  Pennsylvania,  free  on  being  brought 
into  the  state.  This  fact  was  communicated  to  her  by  Mr.  William 
son,  and  she  immediately  left  her  master,  never  to  return.  In  a  suit 
growing  out  of  these  circumstances,  Mr.  Williamson,  in  his  answer 
to  a  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  stated  what  he  deemed  to  be  the  truth  in 
the  case.  Judge  Kane  pronounced  his  reply  a  contempt  of  court, 
and  sent  him  to  prison. 

A  similar  case  occurred  in  New  York  some  time  previous,  show 
ing  the  same  determination  of  the  south  to  extend  slavery  over  the 
free  states  of  the  north.  A  Mr.  Lernmon,  traveling  from  Virginia 

1  The  following  notice  of  the  celebration  and  oration  is  taken  from  one  of  the  newspapers  of 
the  day :  Plymouth  was  thronged  on  the  21st  of  December.  The  celebration  was  the  most  im 
pressive  and  spirited  of  any  which  the  descendants  of  those  valiant  men  have  made.  The 
"  Rock  "  was  carefully  dug  out  for  the  occasion.  The  relics  of  the  Mayflower  and  the  memen 
toes  of  her  passage  across  the  ocean,  and  her  priceless  freight  and  great  mission,  were  displayed 
in  pilgrims1  hall.  The  streets  were  filled  with  strangers,  arrived  from  the  vicinity  of  Plymouth 
not  only,  but  from  remote  states. 

A  procession  with  music,  religious  exercises  in  a  church,  an  oration,  a  costly  and  most  gen 
erous  dinner-feast  with  toasts  and  speeches,  and  a  ball  in  the  evening  constituted  the  celebration. 
Of  the  oration  delivered  by  Governor  Seward,  we  need  but  to  say  that  it  is  the  expression  of 
that  statesman's  philosophy  and  policy. 

Among  the  incidents  of  the  dinner  table,  Wendell  Phillips  declared  that  he  would  not  ac 
knowledge  the  right  of  Plymouth  to  the  "  Rock."  "  It  underlies  "  said  he  "  the  whole  country 
and  only  crops  out  here.  It  cropped  out  where  Putnam  said—"  Don't  fire,  boys,  until  you  see  the 
whites  of  their  eyes."  It  showed  itself  where  Ingraham  rescued  Martin  Kotsza  from  Austrian 
despotism.  Jeflerson  used  it  for  his  writing-desk,  and  Lovejoy  levelled  his  musket  across  it  at 
Alton.  I  recognized  the  clink  of  it  to-day  when  the  great  apostle  of  the  higher  law  laid  his 
beautiful  garland  upon  the  sacred  altar."  [Mr.  Seward  remarked  that  he  was  not  a  descendant 
of  the  pilgrims  of  the  Mayflower.]  "  He  says  he  is  not  descended  from  the  Mayflower,"  resumed 
Mr.  Phillips;  "  that  is  a  mistake.  There  is  such  a  thing  as  pedigree  of  mind  as  well  as  of  body." 


THE   AGGRESSIVE    ACTS   OF    SLAVERY.  37 

to  Texas,  with  eight  slaves,  sailed  from  Norfolk  to  the  city  of  New 
York,  intending  there  to  tranship  his  family  and  property  to  Texas. 
His  slaves  were,  like  the  woman  in  Philadelphia,  restored  to  free 
dom  by  the  laws  of  the  state  in  which  they  were  domiciled.  An. 
expensive  litigation  was  immediately  commenced  by  the  state  of 
Virginia  against  the  state  of  New  York,  which  is  not  yet  con 
cluded.1 

The  state  courts  of  primary  and  final  resort  have  confirmed  the 
right  of  the  slaves  to  their  freedom,  but  an  appeal  has  been  entered 
to  the  supreme  court  of  the  United  States.  The  democratic  judges  de 
livered  dissenting  opinions  accepting  the  new  dogma  that  slaves  are 
property  under  the  constitution.  Their  ideas  were  foreshadowed  by 
the  counsel  for  Virginia,2  who  reiterated  in  the  court  room  the 
.same  plea  for  the  justice  and  beneficence  of  African  slavery  which 
he  had  a  month  before  presented  at  a  public  meeting  in  New  York. 

But  the  country  was  soon  agitated  by  acts  of  yet  greater  atrocity 
and  of  more  public  interest.  Soon  after  the  adjournment  of  congress 
.systematic  efforts  began  to  be  made  by  the  south  to  make  Kansas  a 
slave  state.  The  means  adopted,  and  the  outrages,  arsons  and  mur 
ders  committed  in  the  attempt,  are  still  recent  and  well  impressed  on 
the  public  mind. 

At  the  first  election  in  the  territory  (March  30,  1855),  large  par 
ties  of  armed  intruders  from  Missouri  took  possession  of  the  polls 
and  returned  such  members  to  the  territorial  legislature  as  would 
carry  out  the  pro-slavery  plans.  Of  the  2,905  voters  in  the  territory 
.according  to  the  census,  only  831  voted,  while  4,908  illegal  votes 
were  polled  by  the  Missourians. 

Governor  Keeder,  appointed  by  President  Pierce,  was  removed 
from  his  office  by  the  same  power  that  had  appointed  him,  for  refus 
ing  to  countenance  the  frauds  and  outrages  of  the  pro-slavery  mob. 

The  legislature,  chosen  in  this  fraudulent  manner,  passed  acts, 
among  others,  making  it  a  capital  offense  to  assist  slaves  either  in 
escaping  into  the  territory  or  out  of  it ;  and  felony,  punishable  with 
imprisonment  for  from  two  to  five  years,  to  circulate  anti-slavery 
publications  or  to  deny  the  right  to  ,hold  slaves  in  the  territory ; 
requiring  all  voters,  officers  and  attorneys  to  take  an  oath  to  support 

1  These  cases  seem  to  warrant  sufficiently  Mr.  Seward's  apprehension  that  the  result  of  the 
.slavery  aggressions  unchecked,  will  be,  the  spread  of  slavery  over  all  the  free  states,  as  expressed 
in  his  Rochester  speech.    See  present  volume. 

2  Charles  O' Conor,  Esq. 


38  MEMOIR. 

the  fugitive  slave  law  and  all  the  acts  of  this  pretended  legislature; 
giving  the  selection  of  jurors  to  the  sheriff;  and  admitting  any  person 
to  vote  who  should  pay  one  dollar,  poll  tax,  whether  a  resident  of 
the  territory  or  not.  They  also  adopted,  in  gross,  the  Missouri  code 
of  laws. 

A  convention  of  delegates,  chosen  by  the  real  inhabitants  of  the 
territory,  was  held  at  Topeka  in  October,  1855,  which  adopted  a  free 
state  constitution  to  be  submitted  to  the  people  for  approval.  This 
constitution  was  subsequently  adopted  by  the  almost  unanimous  vote 
of  the  settlers.  Under  this  constitution  Charles  Eobinson  was 
elected  governor  and  a  state  government  organized.  President 
Pierce,  however,  in  a  special  message  to  congress  in  January,  1856r 
indorsed  the  fraudulent  legislature  and  denounced  the  formation  of 
the  Topeka  government  as  an  act  of  rebellion. 

Innumerable  outrages'  continued  to  be  perpetrated  on  the  persons 
and  property  of  the  free  state  settlers  by  Missourians  and  others, 
although  the  president  declared  in  his  annual  message,  on  the  28th 
of  December,  "  that  nothing  had  occurred  in  Kansas  to  warrant  his 
interference." 

The  thirty -fourth  congress  assembled  on  its  usual  day,  in  Decem 
ber,  1855.  The  senate  was  organized  without  delay.  In  the  house 
there  was  a  protracted  and  extraordinary  contest  in  the  election  of 
a  speaker.  Ballotings  were  continued  almost  daily,  without  sue- 
cess,  until  the  2d  day  of  February,  1856,  when  the  plurality  rule,  by 
a  vote  of  one  hundred  and  thirteen  to  one  hundred  and  four,  was 
adopted. 

On  the  one  hundred  and  thirty-fourth  ballot,  after  ineffectual  at 
tempts  to  rescind  the  plurality  rule,  Nathaniel  P.  Banks,  of  Massa 
chusetts,  was  elected  speaker,  having  received  one  hundred  and  three- 
votes  to  one  hundred  for  William  Aiken,  of  South  Carolina.  There 
were  also  eleven  scattering  votes,  nine  of  which  were  cast  by  north 
ern  men  hitherto  counted  as  opponents  of  the  Nebraska  and  Kansas 
measures.  Nineteen  members  were  absent  or  did  not  vote,  and 
there  was  one  vacancy.  Twelve  of  the  nineteen  not  voting  were 
from  northern  states.  A  resolution  declaring  Mr.  Banks  duly  elected 
was  passed  by  ayes  one  hundred  and  fifty-five,  nays  forty. 

One  of  the  first  acts  of  the  house  of  representatives  after  its  organ 
ization,  was  to  appoint  a  committee  to  proceed  to  Kansas  to  inquire 
into  the  validity  of  the  election  of  the  pretended  legislature  and 


THE   ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS   PEOPOSED.  39 

delegate  to  congress.  Their  report  completely  established  the  fraud 
ulent  character  of  the  election  and  the  truth  of  all  the  outrages  com 
plained  of  by  the  free  state  inhabitants. 

In  the  senate  a  debate  of  considerable  interest,  on  the  "  Clayton 
and  Bulwer  treaty,"  occupied  the  first  weeks  of  the  session.  Mr. 
Seward  in  several  able  speeches  defended  the  rights  and  interests  of 
his  own  country  and  clearly  defined  the  nature  and  provisions  of  the 
treaty. 

On  the  24th  of  January,  1856,  the  president  brought  the  affairs 
of  Kansas  before  congress  in  a  special  message  which  gave  rise  to  a 
protracted  discussion  in  both  houses.  In  the  senate  the  subject  was 
debated  for  nearly  six  months  with  little  interruption. 

Mr.  Seward  at  the  earliest  opportunity  introduced  a  bill  for  the 
immediate  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union.  "  In  offering  this  pro 
position,"  says  Mr.  Sumner,  in  his  famous  speech  of  the  20th  of  May, 
the  senator  from  New  York  has  entitled  himself  to  the  gratitude 
of  the  country.  He  has,  throughout  a  life  of  unsurpassed  industry 
and  of  eminent  ability,  done  much  for  freedom  which  the  world  will 
not  let  die ;  but  he  has  done  nothing  more  opportune  than  this, 
and  he  has  uttered  no  words  more  effective  than  the  speech,  so 
masterly  and  ingenious,  by  which  he  has  vindicated  it." 

On  the  12th  of  March,  Mr.  Douglas,  from  the  committee  on  terri 
tories,  submitted  a  report  extenuating  the  outrages  committed  in  the 
territory  and  severely  denouncing  the  action  of  the  New  England 
Emigrant  Aid  Society. 

Mr.  Collamer  from  the  minority  of  the  same  committee  at  the 
same  time  presented  an  able  report,  taking  entirely  different  views ; 
views  that  have  since  been  fully  substantiated.  On  the  7th  of  April, 
Senator  Cass  presented  the  memorial  of  the  Topeka  legislature,  ask 
ing  for  the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union.  A  number  of  reso 
lutions  and  bills  were  introduced  at  different  times,  by  senators  of 
both  parties,  providing  for  a  settlement  of  the  serious  difficulties  ex 
isting  in  the  territory.  On  the  3d  of  July  a  bill  passed  the  house  for 
the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union  under  the  Topeka  constitu 
tion  by  a  vote  of  ninety -nine  to  ninety-seven.  It  was  sent  to  the 
senate  on  the  following  Monday  and  referred  to  the  committee  on 
territories.  On  the  8th  of  July  Mr.  Douglas,  chairman  of  the  com 
mittee,  reported  a  substitute  for  the  bill,  authorizing  the  people  of 
Kansas,  under  certain  restrictions,  to  form  a  state  constitution. 


40  MEMOIR. 

The  substitute  passed  the  senate  on  the  same  day,  ayes  thirty, 
nays  thirteen.  The  house  refused  to  recede  from  its  previous 
action.  The  senate  declined  to  pass  Mr.  Seward's  bill  or  the  one 
which  came  from  the  house,  substantially  similar,  and  in  this  man 
ner  all  relief  to  Kansas  was  denied.  Mr.  Seward's  speeches  at 
various  stages  of  the  extended  debate  are  given  in  full  in  this  vol 
ume.  His  eloquent  and  masterly  statements  of  the  subject  will  be 
read  with  equal  pleasure  and  instruction,  as  t&£  best  history  of  the 
great  transaction. 

On  the  22d  day  of  May,  1856,  a  violent  assault  was  committed  in 
the  senate  chamber,  immediately  after  the  adjournment,  upon  Charles 
Simmer,  by  Preston  S.  Brooks,  a  representative  from  South  Carolina. 
The  blows  were  inflicted  with  a  heavy  cane  while  Mr.  Suinner  was 
sitting  at  his  desk  in  the  act  of  writing.  A  number  of  Mr.  Brooks' 
friends  were  present,  including  Mr.  Douglas,  witnesses  of  the  attack, 
none  of  whom  attempted  to  prevent  or  arrest  it.  On  the  next 
morning  Senator  Wilson  (Mr.  Sumner's  colleague),  briefly  stated  the 
facts  to  the  senate.  Without  making  any  motion,  he  said,  "I  leave 
it  to  older  senators  whose  character,  whose  position  in  this  body  and 
before  the  country  eminently  fit  them  for  the  task  of  devising 
means  to  redress  the  wrongs  of  a  member  of  this  body  and  to  vindi 
cate  the  honor  and  dignity  of  the  senate."  Mr.  Seward  waited  a 
reasonable  time  for  some  senator  in  the  majority  to  offer  a  resolution 
on  the  subject.  He  then  moved  that  a  committee  of  five  be  appointed 
by  the  president  of  the  senate  to  inquire  into  the  circumstances  of 
the  case  and  to  report  thereon  to  the  senate.  Under  parliamentary 
usage  Mr.  Seward  would  have  been  placed  on  this  committee  as  its 
chairman.  To  avoid  doing  this,  the  senate  changed  their  custom  and 
elected  the  committee  by  ballot.  Neither  Mr.  Seward  nor  any  per 
sonal  or  political  friend  of  Mr.  Sumner's  was  chosen  a  member  of 
the  committee.  The  committee  reported  that  the  senate  had  no 
jurisdiction  in  the  case,1  and  their  report  was  adopted. 

Mr.  Seward,  as  the  intimate  associate  and  cherished  friend  of  Mr. 
Sumner,  was  deeply  moved  by  the  whole  transaction.  He,  never 
theless,  so  *HsQiplined  his  feelings  that  his  speeches  on  the  subject, 
although  full  of  eloquent  denunciation  of  the  outrage,  were  charac 
terized  by  his  usual  dignity  of  tone  and  moderation  of  language. 

1  The  house  voted  to  expel  Mr.  Brooks,  one  hundred  and  twenty-one  to  ninety-five.    The  mo- 
JanuaryX27ei^7VOte       tw°-third8'    Mr"  Brook8  resigned,  and  was  re-elected.    He  died  suddenly 


OKGAXIZATIOX   OF   THE   KEPUBLICAX   PARTY.  4i 

The  state  of  Massachusetts  having  sent  to  the  senate  a  series  of  reso 
lutions  relating  to  this  serious  attack  upon  one  of  her  senators,  Mr. 
Seward,  in  a  very  appropriate  and  feeling  speech,  reviewed  the 
whole  affair,  and  vindicated  the  legislature  of  that  state  in  the  course 
it  had  adopted. 

"  Every  one  knew,"  said  Mr.  Seward,  "  that  the  sufferer  in  that  scene  was  my 
cherished  personal  friend  and  political  associate.  Every  one  knew  that  he  had 
fallen  senseless  and,  for  all  that  was  at  first  known,  lifeless,  on  the  floor  of  the 
senate  of  the  United  States,  for  utterances  which,  whether  discreet  or  indiscreet, 
were  utterances  made  in  the  cause  of  truth,  humanity,  and  justice — a  cause  in 
which  he  was  a  distinguished  fellow-laborer  with  myself." 

Besides  the  speeches  made  by  Mr.  Seward  on  "  Kansas  affairs," 
the  "  Clayton  and  Bulwer  treaty,"  and  the  "  Sumner  assault,"  he  also 
spoke  at  considerable  length  on  the  naval  retiring  board ;  the  origi 
nation  of  appropriation  bills ;  Senator  Trumbull's  seat ;  the  Danish 
Sound  dues ;  Nicaragua ;  the  compensation  bill ;  military  and  civic 
officers;  and  mail  steamers.  He  also  delivered  a  brief  eulogium  on 
the  Hon.  T.  H.  Bayley,  late  a  representative  from  Virginia  and  for 
merly  governor  of  that  state. 

Congress  adjourned  on  the  18th  of  August,  1856.  But  it  having 
failed  to  grant  the  required  supplies  for  carrying  on  the  Indian  wars, 
the  president  convened  an  extra  session,  which  met  on  the  23d  of 
the  same  month.  Mr.  Seward's  speeches  at  this  session,  on  the  army 
bill  and  its  relation  to  the  affairs  of  Kansas,  throw  new  light  on  the 
subject.  The  extra  session  terminated  on  the  30th  of  August. 

On  the  22d  day  of  February,  1856,  a  convention,  representing  the 
people  of  various  sections  of  the  country,  opposed  to  the  recent 
repeal  of  the  Missouri  compromise,  the  invasion  of  Kansas,  and  the 
aggressions  of  slavery,  assembled  at  Pittsburgh,  Pennsylvania. 

At  this  meeting  the  initiative  steps  were  taken  for  the  national 
organization  of  the  republican  party.  Delegates  from  every  free 
state,  and  from  Kentucky,  Maryland,  and  Virginia,  were  present. 
The  venerable  Francis  P.  Blair,  of  Maryland,  presided;  and  among 
the  members  present  were  some  of  the  most  distinguished  leaders  of 
the  whig  and  democratic  parties. 

The  convention  issued  an  eloquent  and  stirring  address1  to  the  peo 
ple,  and  called  a  national  convention  to  meet  in  Philadelphia,  on  the 

i  This  address  was  written  by  Hon.  H.  J.  Raymond,  editor  of  the  New  York  Times  and  lieu 
tenant-governor  of  New  York. 

VOL.  IV.  6 


42  MEMOIR. 

17th  of  June  ensuing,  to  nominate  candidates  for  the  offices  of  presi 
dent  and  vice-president  of  the  United  States.  State  conventions  of  a 
similar  kind  had  been  held  in  most  of  the  free  states.  One,  at  Saratoga 
Springs,  in  the  state  of  New  York,  in  August,  1854,  was  remarka 
ble  alike  for  its  great  numbers  and  respectable  character.1 

On  the  17th  of  June,  1856,  in  pursuance  of  the  call  adopted  at 
'Pittsburgh,  a  convention  of  the  opponents  of  the  recent  aggressions 
of  the  slave  power,  and  friends  of  the  admission  of  Kansas  as  a  free 
state  and  the  restoration  of  the  action  of  the  federal  government  to 
the  principles  of  Washington  and  Jefferson,  assembled  in  Philadel 
phia  to  nominate  candidates  for  the  offices  of  president  and  vice- 
president  of  the  United  States. 

A  democratic  convention,  held  at  Cincinnati  on  the  2d  day  of  the 
same  month,  nominated  James  Buchanan  for  the  presidency ;  and  the 
Americans  had  nominated  Mr.  Fillmore  as  early  as  February  pre 
ceding. 

The  Philadelphia  convention  presented  the  names  of  John  C.  Fre 
mont,  of  California,  and  William  L.  Dayton,  of  New  Jersey,  as  their 
candidates,2  and  adopted  a  resolution  in  its  platform  inviteg:  the 
affiliation  and  cooperation  of  all  freemen  supporting  its  principles, 
however  differing  in  other  respects.  The  supporters  of  this  ticket 
became  known  throughout  the  Union  as  the  "  Republican  Party,"  and 
entered  upon  the  contest  with  a  zeal  inspired  by  their  devotion  to  the 
cause  of  human  nature.  The  following  extracts  from  the  platform 
adopted  by  this  convention  contain  the  essential  principles  of  the  new 
party : 

"Resolved,  That,  with  our  republican  fathers,  we  hold  it  to  be  a 
self-evident  truth,  that  all  men  are  endowed  with  the  inalienable 
rights  to  life,  liberty,  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness,  and  that  the 
primary  object  and  ulterior  designs  of  our  federal  government  were, 
to  secure  these  rights  to  all  persons  within  its  exclusive  jurisdiction; 
that,  as  our  republican  fathers,  when  they  had  abolished  slavery  in 
all  our  national  territory,  ordained  that  no  person  should  be  deprived 
of  life,  liberty  or  property  without  due  process  of  law,  it  becomes 

i  Among  the  distinguished  men  of  all  parties  who  participated  in  its  proceedings  were  Preston 
King,  John  A.  King,  William  T.  MoConn,  Robert  Emmett,  John  Jay.  Horace  Greeley,  and  Henry 
J.  Raymond. 

-  On  the  first  ballot.  Colonel  Fremont  had  three  hundred  and  fifty-eight  votes  and  Judge  McLean 
one  hundred  and  ninety-nine.  On  the  second,  the  vote  stood  five  hundred  and  thirty-four  to  thirtv- 
eeven  tor  the  same  candidates.  The  names  of  Messrs.  Seward.  Chase  and  others  were  withdrawn 
Wfore  any  ballot  was  taken.  For  vice-president,  on  an  informal  ballot.  Mr.  Dayton  received  two 
hundred  and  fifty-nine,  Abraham  Lincoln  one  hundred  and  ten,  David  Wilmot  forty-three,  Charles 
Bumner  thirty-six. 


THE  PRESIDENTIAL   ELECTION  OF   1856.  48 

our  duty  to  maintain  this  provision  of  the  constitution  against  all 
attempts  to  violate  it  for  the  purpose  of  establishing  slavery  in  any 
territory  of  the  United  States,  by  positive  legislation,  prohibiting 
its  existence  or  extension  therein.  That  we  deny  the  authority 
of  congress,  of  a  territorial  legislature,  of  any  individual  or  asso 
ciation  of  individuals,  to  give  legal  existence  to  slavery  in  any 
territory  of  the  United  States,  while  the  present  constitution  shall 
be  maintained." 

11  Resolved,  That  the  constitution  confers  upon  congress  sovereign 
power  over  the  territories  of  the  United  States  for  their  govern 
ment,  and  that,  in  the  exercise  of  this  power,  it  is  both  the  right 
and  the  duty  of  congress  to  prohibit  in  the  territories  those  twin 
relics  of  barbarism — polygamy  and  slavery." 

Mr.  Seward  engaged  in  the  presidential  canvass  with  his  accus 
tomed  zeal  and  ability.  His  speeches  at  Auburn,  Detroit,  and  Os- 
wego  are  consummate  statements  of  the  questions  at  issue,  and  mas 
terly  expositions  of  the  republican  creed.  Like  nearly  all  his 
speeches,  they  possess  an  interest  and  value  beyond  the  occasion  that 
produced  them. 

The  election  resulted  in  the  choice  of  Mr.  Buchanan,  and  in  the 
success  of  the  democratic  party  in  the  nation.  In  thirteen  of  the 
sixteen  free  states,  however,  the  republicans  elected  their  state  tickets 
and  gave  Colonel  Fremont  a  majority,  in  those  states,  of  more  than 
two  hundred  thousand  votes  over  Mr.  Buchanan.  In  New  York, 
the  republicans  elected  twenty-five  members  of  Congress  and  the 
entire  state  administration.  Colonel  Fremont's  plurality  in  the 
state  over  Mr.  Buchanan  was  eighty  thousand — over  Mr.  Fill- 
more  one  hundred  and  fifty-two  thousand.  Only  two  free  states 
(Pennsylvania  and  Indiana)  cast  a  majority  of  their  popular  votes 
for  Mr.  Buchanan. 

In  the  slaveholding  states,  the  republicans  were  not  allowed  to 
maintain  an  organization.  Individuals  expressing  sentiments  in  favor 
of  the  republican  party  were  driven  from  their  homes,  and  became 
exiles  in  the  free  north.  A  few  republican  votes,  less  than  twelve 
hundred  in  all,  were  given  in  the  more  favored  portions  of  Maryland, 
Delaware,  Kentucky,  and  Virginia. 

Although  failing  of  complete  success,  the  "friends  of  human  lib 
erty  "  had  now  organized  a  party  of  more  than  thirteen  hundred 


44  MEMOIR. 

thousand  intelligent  freemen,  never  to  be  disbanded  until  a  triumph 
over  slavery  has  been  achieved. 

Such  a  party  had  long  existed  in  the  prophetic  vision  of  Mr. 
Seward.  He  had  himself  planted  the  acorn  from  which  this  vigorous 
tree  had  sprung,  nearly  twenty  years  ago,  when  he  was  governor  of 
his  native  state;  and  his  life  may  be  said  to  have  been  spent  in 
watching  and  cultivating  its  growth.  In  1845,  in  a  private  letter 
to  a  friend,  Mr.  Seward,  in  full  view  of  the  then  recent  triumph 
of  the  slave  power  in  the  annexation  of  Texas  and  the  election  of 
President  Polk,  thus  clearly  indicated  the  rallying  of  this  new 
party : 

'Friends  of  human  liberty,"  he  wrote,  "  may  for  ft  season  be  divided,  and  range 
themselves  under  different  banners,  but  time  will  speedily  indicate  a  rallying 
ground,  and  that  ground  being  once  gained,  they  will  be  invincible. 

"  There  is  no  enchantment  against  them — neither  is  there  any  divination  against 
their  sublime  and  benevolent  mission. 

"  Let  it  be  pursued  in  a  spirit  of  patriotism  and  Christian  charity — let  our  motto 
be  uncompromising  hostility  to  human  slavery — peace  and  security  to  the  slave 
holder,  and  perpetual  support  of  the  American  Union." 

The  third  session  of  the  thirty-fourth  congress  assembled  on  the 
first  Monday  in  December,  1856. 

Among  its  earliest  proceedings  was  the  announcement  of  the  death 
of  John  M.  Clayton.  Mr.  Seward's  eulogium  on  the  character  of 
this  eminent  statesman  was  an  eloquent  and  feeling  tribute  to  an  old 
political  associate  and  personal  friend. 

The  claims  of  the  officers  of  the  revolutionary  army  were  ably  advo 
cated  by  Mr.  Seward  in  a  speech  of  great  research  and  power.  He 
showed  by  abundant  evidence  that  the  bill  before  the  senate  rested 
on  the  policy  established  by  General  Washington  himself,  while  at 
the  head  of  the  army,  and  throughout  the  war ;  and  that  its  enact 
ment  would  be  the  fulfillment  of  his  promises  and  more  acceptable 
to  his  serene  and  awful  shade  than  all  the  tributes  which  have  been 
paid,  and  all  that  are  yet  to  be  paid,  by  a  redeemed  nation  and  grate 
ful  world. 

Among  the  new  republican  senators  who  appeared  in  the  senate  at 
the  present  session  was  James  Harlan,  of  Iowa.  His  right  to  his 
seat,  however,  was  disputed  by  the  majority  and  was  arbitrarily 
denied  to  him,  by  a  vote  of  twenty-eight  to  eighteen.  Mr.  Seward, 
in  a  lucid  argument,  conclusively  established  the  validity  of  Mr 


THE  ATLANTIC  TELEGRAPH.  45 

Harlan's  election,  and  the  legislature  of  Iowa  confirmed  it  at  their 
next  session  by  a  decisive  majority.  On  the  23d  of  December, 
1856,  Mr.  Seward  submitted  a  resolution  to  the  senate,  which  was- 
unanimously  adopted,  requesting  the  president  to  communicate  to 
the  senate  such  information  as  he  might  have,  concerning  the 
present  condition  and  prospects  of  a  proposed  plan  for  connect 
ing,  by  submarine  wires,  the  magnetic  telegraph  lines  on  this  con 
tinent  and  Europe.  On  the  7th  of  January  the  president  replied, 
transmitting  a  report  from  the  secretary  of  state.  Mr.  Seward, 
on  the  9th  of  the  same  month,  introduced  a  bill  to  expedite  tel 
egraph  communication  for  the  use  of  the  government  in  foreign 
intercourse.  The  senate  proceeded  to  the  consideration  of  the  bill 
after  it  had  been  reported  upon,  favorably,  by  a  committee,  without 
amendment,  and  after  an  interesting  debate  passed  it  by  a  vote  of 
twenty-nine  to  eighteen.  Mr.  Seward's  remarks  on  the  subject,  dur 
ing  its  discussion,  were  eloquent  and  timely. 

After  the  wires  had  been  laid  between  the  coast  of  Ireland  and 
Newfoundland,  there  was  a  spontaneous  gathering  of  people  in  Au 
burn,  as  in  many  other  places,  to  rejoice  over  the  happy  event.  Mr. 
Seward,  and  Governor  King,  who  was  then  on  a  visit  to  Auburn, 
delivered  enthusiastic  and  eloquent  speeches.  In  the  course  of  his 
remarks,  Mr.  Seward  related  the  following  incidents  in  the  passage 
of  the  telegraph  bill  through  congress  : 

"  Cyrus  W.  Field,  by  assiduity  and  patience,  first  secured  consent  and  con 
ditional  engagement  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain,  and  then,  less  than  two  years 
ago,  repaired  to  Washington.  The  president  and  secretary  of  state  individually 
favored  his  proposition,  but  the  jealousies  of  parties  and  sections  in  congress 
forbade  them  to  lend  it  their  efficient  aid  and  sanction.  He  appealed  to  me.  I 
drew  the  necessary  bill.  With  the  generous  aid  of  others,  northern  representa 
tives,  and  the  indispensable  aid  of  the  late  Thomas  J.  Rusk,  a  senator  from  Texas, 
that  bill,  after  a  severe  contest,  was  carried  through  the  senate  of  the  United 
States  by  a  bare  majority.  It  escaped  defeat  in  the  house  of  representatives  with 
equal  difficulty.  I  have  said  the  aid  of  Mr.  Rusk  was  indispensable.  If  any  one 
has  wondered  why  I,  an  extreme  northern  man,  loved  and  lamented  Thomas  J. 
Rusk,  an  equally  extreme  southern  man,  they  have  here  an  explanation.  There 
was  no  good  thing  which,  as  it  seemed  to  me,  I  could  not  do  in  congress  with 
his  aid.  When  he  died,  it  seemed  to  me  that  no  good  thing  could  be  done  by 
any  one. 

1  On  the  death  of  Senator  Rusk,  Mr.  Seward  delivered  an  eloquent  eulogium  on  his  life  and 
services. 


46  MEMOIR. 

"  But  so  vehement  were  the  prejudices  against  Mr.  Field  for  what  was  then 
regarded  as  presumption  and  officiousness  on  his  part,  although  he  is  the  most 
modest  of  all  men,  that  the  great  bill  was  only  saved  by  his  withdrawing  at  the 
request  of  Mr.  Rusk  and  myself  from  the  senate  chamber,  its  lobbies  and  even  from 
the  capitol  grounds,  and  remaining  unobtrusive  and  unseen  in  his  own  lodgings. 
But  Cyrus  W.  Field,  at  last,  fortified  with  capital  derived  from  New  York  and 
London,  and  with  the  navies  of  Great  Britain  and  the  United  States  at  his  com 
mand,  has  after  trials  that  would  have  discouraged  any  other  than  a  true  discoverer, 
brought  the  great  work  to  a  felicitous  consummation." 

General  rejoicing  spread  over  the  country  upon  the  announce 
ment  that  the  cable  was  laid  and  that  messages  between  the  two 
worlds  had  actually  been  transmitted.  Mr.  Seward's  services,  in 
securing  the  aid  of  the  government  to  the  project,  were  everywhere 
remembered,  and  will  be  still  more  cordially  acknowledged  when  the 
communication  shall  be  again  established. 

Mr.  Seward  supported  with  equal  zeal,  in  the  senate,  the  project 
of  a  line  of  telegraphs  to  the  Pacific  ocean,  connecting  California 
and  Oregon  with  the  Atlantic  seaboard.1 

Near  the  close  of  the  session,  amendments  were  proposed  to  the 
existing  tariff  laws.  Mr.  Seward  opposed  them  as  still  further  em 
barrassing  the  interests  of  the  iron  manufacturers  and  the  wool 
growers  of  this  country.  The  amendments  proposed  in  the  senate 
by  Mr.  Hunter  were  adopted,  ayes  thirty-three,  nays  twelve,  viz., 
Messrs.  Bell,  Bigler,  Brodhead,  Collamer,  Dnrkee,  Foot,  Greyer, 
Nourse,  Seward,  Thompson,  Trumbull  and  Wade.  The  senate  and 
house  disagreeing,  a  committee  of  conference,  of  which  Mr.  Seward 
was  one,  reported  a  series  of  amendments,  which  were  less  detrimen 
tal  to  American  interests.  Their  report  was  concurred  in  by  both 
houses  ;  in  the  senate  by  thirty -three  to  eight ;  in  the  house  by  one 
hundred  and  twenty-three  to  seventy-two. 

A  bill  which  proposed  to  restore  peace  in  Kansas  by  annulling 
all  laws  of  disputed  validity  and  enabling  the  people  of  the  terri- 

1  The  following  correspondence  is  copied  from  the  St.  Paul  Times  of  August  30th,  1860: 
"  The  despatches  below  are  the  first  ever  sent  over  the  wire  in  due  form,  and  it  is  eminently 
proper  that  this  inaugural  dispatch  should  have  been  transmitted  to  and  by  Wm.  II.  Seward." 

To  Gov.  Seward,  Auburn.  N.  Y. 

ST.  PAUL,  Au£.  29,  1:45  p.  M.— Through  the  courtesy  of  Mr.  Winslow,  proprietor,  we  are  ena 
bled  to  send  this  the  first  dispatch  ever  transmitted  by  lightning  from  St.  Paul  to  the  east,  as 
complimentary  to  you.  (Signed)  M.  S.  WILKINSON, 

AAKON  GOODRICH. 
Senator  SewarcTs  Reply. 

AUBURN,  Aug.  29,  8:30,  p.  M.— To  M.  S.  Wilkinson  and  A.  Goodrich  :  You  have  grappled  New 
York,  now  lay  hold  on  San  Francisco.  (Signed)  WILLIAM  II.  SEWARD. 


THE   DEED   SCOTT   DECISION.  47 

tory  to  establish  a  government  for  themselves,  passed  the  house 
on  the  17th  of  Februar}^  by  a  vote  of  ninety-eight  to  seventy-nine. 
In  the  senate  it  was  laid  on  the  table,  ayes  thirty,  nays  twenty ; 
Messrs.  Bell,  Brodhead,  Houston,  James,  Pugh  and  Stuart  voting  ia. 
the  negative  with  the  republicans. 

Mr.  Seward's  speeches,  during  the  session,  on  the  admission  of 
Minnesota,  the  Indiana  senators,  post  office  appropriations,  and  other 
measures  were  practical  and  effective. 

On  the  4th  of  March,  1857,  Mr.  Buchanan  became  president  of 
the  United  States.  His  inaugural  address  abounded  with  plausible 
professions  of  devotion  to  the  public  welfare.  He  especially  depre 
cated  the  further  agitation  of  the  slavery  question,  although  a  large 
portion  of  his  remarks  were  upon  that  subject.  He  expressed  him 
self  in  favor  of  the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union  with  a 
constitution  approved  by  a  majority  of  the  voters  in  the  territory. 
He  alluded  also  to  a  decision  of  the  supreme  court,  soon  to  be  made, 
counseling  acquiesence  in  it,  whatever  might  be  its  character  and 
effect. 

A  special  session  of  the  senate  was  called  to  consider  the  nomina 
tions  of  the  new  president.  Several  subjects  of  interest  were  con 
sidered  in  open  session.  The  committees  were  reorganized  after 
some  opposition  from  several  senators  in  the  minority,  who  deemed 
the  composition  of  the  committees  unequal  and  unfair.  Mr.  Seward 
remarked  that  he  had  been  in  the  senate  when  no  place  was  allowed 
to  him  or  his  political  associates  on  any  committee.  He  did  not 
then  complain.  He  thought  he  best  served  the  country  by  foregoing 
all  personal  considerations  on  such  questions.  He  preferred  to  leave 
it  to  the  people  to  substitute  for  this  majority  a  better  majority.1 

Scarcely  had  the  echo  of  the  president's  inaugural  speech  died 
away  when2  the  supreme  court  rendered  its  decision  in  the  "Dred 
Scott  case."  Its  announcement  produced  a  profound  sensation 
throughout  the  country,  and  awakened  a  feeling  of  indignation  that 
has  not  yet  subsided.  This  was  the  decision  to  which  the  president 
had  referred,  in  his  inaugural  address,  and  to  which  the  people  were 
expected  to  submit.  The  case  is  briefly  as  follows :  an  action  was 
commenced  in  the  circuit  court  of  the  United  States,  for  the  district 

1  Mr.  Seward  was  placed  on  the  committee  of  foreign  relations  ;  Mr.  King  on  pensions  :  Messrs. 
Snmner  and  Wade  on  territories,  and  two  republicans  on  most  of  the  other  committees. 

2  March  6th,  1857. 


48  MEMOIR. 

of  Missouri,  in  1854,  by  Dred  Scott,  to  establish  his  freedom,  and 
that  of  his  wife  and  their  two  daughters,  who  were  claimed  and  held 
as  slaves  by  one  Sanford,  the  defendant.  Sanford  placed  his 
defense  on  two  grounds :  First,  that  Dred  Scott  was  not  a  citizen  of 
Missouri  because  he  was  a  negro  of  African  descent ;  and,  second, 
that  Dred  and  his  family  were  the  defendant's  slaves.  Scott  relied 
on  facts  mutually  admitted— that  he  was  formerly  a  slave  in  Mis 
souri  ;  was  taken  in  1884,  by  his  then  master,  to  Illinois,  and  held 
there  in  servitude  two  years,  and  was  thence  taken  to  the  territory 
west  of  the  Mississippi,  and  north  of  the  Missouri  compromise  liner 
where  he  was  also  held  in  servitude  until  the  year  1838,  when  he 
was  brought  back  to  the  state  of  Missouri  and  sold  as  a  slave  to 
the  defendant  before  this  suit  was  commenced. 

The  circuit  court  decided  in  Scott's  favor  as  to  the  jurisdiction  of 
the  court,  but  against  him  on  the  question  of  his  freedom.  He  then 
appealed  to  the  supreme  court.  His  case  was  twice  elaborately 
argued  before  that  tribunal.  The  court  decided  substantially  thatr 
Dred  Scott  was  not  a  citizen,  and  for  that  reason  the  courts  of  the 
United  States  had  no  jurisdiction  in  the  case;  and  expressed  the 
opinion  that  free  colored  persons  whose  ancestors  were  imported  into 
this  country  and  sold  as  slaves,  "  had  no  rights  which  the  white  man 
was  bound  to  respect,"  and  were  not  citizens  of  the  United  States ;  that 
there  is  no  difference  between  property  in  a  slave  and  other  property ; 
that  congress  has  no  power  to  prohibit  slavery  in  the  territories ;  that 
the  Missouri  compromise  act  was  unconstitutional  and  void ;  and 
that  the  taking  of  a  slave,  by  his  master,  into  a  free  state  or  a  ter 
ritory  does  not  entitle  the  slave  to  his  freedom.1  Two  judges,  Messrs. 
McLean  and  Curtis,  dissented  from  the  majority  of  the  court  in  their 
decision  and  opinions. 

The  people  of  the  free  states,  greatly  shocked  by  the  action  of  the 
supreme  court,  gave  expression  to  their  feelings  in  various  ways. 
The  legislature  of  the  state  of  New  York  passed  resolutions  declar 
ing  that  the  supreme  court  of  the  United  States,  by  its  action  in  this 
matter,  "  has  impaired  the  confidence  and  respect  of  the  people  of 
this  state" ;  and  that  "  this  state  will  not  allow  slavery  within  her 
borders,  in  any  form,  or  under  any  pretence,  or  for  any  time." 

Vrf  **!?  deci"'0"  ?n  eminent  advocate  of  New  York,  Wm.  M.  Evarts,  Esq.,  remarked  in  a 
public  address,  that  if  it  had  been  rendered  before  the  presidential  election  of  1856,  no  democrat 
would  have  Htimuided;  and  that  if  Mr.  Buchanan  had  not  been  chosen  the  opinions  never  would 


THE   UNITED  STATES   SUPREME   COURT.  49 

Mr.  Seward  took  occasion,  in  the  senate,  in  his  speech1  on  the 
admission  of  Kansas,  to  review  the  decision,  and  the  connection  of 
the  president  with  its  announcement.  His  dramatic  description,  in 
this  speech,  of  the  inauguration  ceremonies ;  his  vivid  exhibition  of 
the  insincerity  of  the  president's  professions ;  and  his  clear  exposi 
tion  of  the  fatal  connection  of  the  decision  with  the  tyrannies  and 
outrages  in  Kansas,  arrested  the  attention  of  the  senate  and  the 
country 

At  a  subsequent  date  he  proposed  a  reconstruction  of  the  supreme 
court  and  the  courts  of  the  United  States,  "so  that  the  states  shall 
be  represented  by  judges  in  said  courts  more  nearly  on  the  basis  of 
their  federal  population,  while  the  administration  of  justice  shall  be 
made  more  speedy  and  efficient."  These  amendments  he  proposed 
to  make  in  accordance  with  the  letter  and  spirit  of  the  constitution, 
without  injustice  to  any  interest  or  section  of  the  Union. 

The  thirty-fifth  congress,  elected  mainly  at  the  same  time  with  Mr. 
Buchanan,  commenced  its  first  session  on  the  7th  of  December,  1857. 
The  administration,  like  that  which  preceded  it,  claimed  a  decisive 
majority  in  both  houses.  In  the  senate  there  were  thirty-seven 
democrats,  twenty  republicans,  and  five  whigs  or  Americans.  The 
house  stood — democrats  one  hundred  and  twenty-eight,  republicans 
ninety-two,  Americans  fourteen.  Mr.  Seward's  speeches  at  this  ses 
sion  were  numerous,  and  on  a  great  variety  of  subjects.2 

Early  in  the  autumn  of  1857,  signs  of  a  severe  and  general  revulsion 
in  the  trade  and  industry  of  the  country  began  to  appear.  During  the 
month  of  October  all  the  banks  suspended  specie  payments,  and  a 
most  alarming  prostration  of  business  ensued.  More  than  five  thou 
sand  failures  occurred,  involving  liabilities  to  the  amount  of  three 
hundred  millions  of  dollars.  The  winter  opened  with  a  universal 
complaint  of  distress,  especially  among  the  working  classes  in  the 
cities  and  large  towns.  Probably  no  interest  was  more  seriously 
impaired  than  railroad  stocks.  In  the  short  space  of  thirty  days, 
shares  in  many  of  the  leading  corporations  depreciated  more  than 
fifty  per  cent,  becoming,  in  some  instances,  valueless.  The  treasury 

1  March  3, 1858.    See  present  volume. 

2  The  following  are  the  titles,  as  given  in  the  Congressional  Globe:  The  President's  Message; 
Eulogy  on  James  Bell  ;  Treasury  Notes  ;  William  Walker  :  Paying  for  Slaves  out  of  the  Trea 
sury  ;  Eulogy  on  Thomas  J.  Rusk ;  Increase  of  the  Army ;  Admission  of  Minnesota ;  Kansas  and 
Lecompton;  Slavery  in  New  York;  Pacific  Railroad;  Admission  of  Oregon;    The  Fisheries; 
British  Aggressions ;  Rivers  and  Harbor*  ;  Coast  Survey ;  Eulogy  on  the  late  Senator  Hender 
son  ;  MaifSteamers  ;  and  Washington  City  Schools. 

VOL.  IV.  V 


50  M  E  M  O  I  B  . 

of  the  United  States,  which,  a  short  time  ago,  was  overflowing,  was 
now  suffering  from  depletion,  and  immediate  legislation  was  required 
to  meet  the  wants  of  the  government. 

Among  the  first  acts  of  the  president,  after  the  assembling  of 
congress,  was  to  call  for  an  issue  of  treasury  notes.  Mr.  Seward, 
while  admitting  the  necessity  of  such  means  of  relief,  proposed  to 
limit  the  issue,  in  amount,  rate  of  interest,  and  length  of  time. 

In  a  speech,  already  noticed,  made  by  Mr.  Seward,  in  February, 
1853,  on  removing  the  duties  from  railroad  iron,1  a  prophetic  warn 
ing  of  the  present  embarrassments  may  be  found.  His  statesman 
like  counsels  had  been  unheeded,  and  seven  years  had  been  sufficient 
to  consummate  his  predictions. 

The  people  of  Kansas  saw  no  improvement  in  their  affairs  under 
the  administration  of  Mr.  Buchanan.  President  Pierce  had  removed 
from  office,  two  governors  of  Kansas,  Keeder  and  Shannon,  because 
they  had  manifested  an  unwillingness  to  submit  wholly  and  unre 
servedly  to  the  pro-slavery  party  in  the  territory.  John  W.  Geary 
succeeded  Governor  Shannon,  and  was  soon  compelled,  by  persecu 
tion  in  Kansas  and  neglect  at  Washington,  to  resign.  President 
Buchanan  then  appointed  Kobert  J.  Walker,  of  Mississippi,  to  suc 
ceed  Mr.  Geary.  Mr.  Walker  also  resigned,  after  striving  for  a  few 
months,  without  success,  to  administer  the  government  of  the  terri 
tory  with  some  degree  of  justice  to  the  people,  without,  at  the  same 
time,  offending  the  administration  at  Washington.  F.  P.  Stan- 
ton,  the  secretary  of  the  territory,  who  acted  as  governor  during 
the  absence  of  Walker,  encountered  the  displeasure  of  the  pro- 
slavery  party,  and  was  removed  from  office  by  the  president. 
Governor  Walker  and  Mr.  Stanton,  like  their  predecessors,  failed  to 
secure  either  order  or  fairness  in  the  elections  or  government  of  Kan 
sas  ;  and  the  people  were  forced  to  submit  to  the  usurpations  of  their 
oppressors.  A  legislature,  composed  of  pro-slavery  members,  assem 
bled  at  Lecompton,  in  January,  1857,  and  ordered  a  convention  to 
be  called  to  frame  a  state  constitution.  The  legislature  and  the 
convention  were  thus  both  placed  in  the  hands  of  the  enemies 
of  Kansas,  having  been  chosen  almost  entirely  by  fraudulent 
votes. 

i  See  p.  623,  vol.  in. 


KAXSAS — LECOMPTON — 1857-58.  51 

By  the  act  calling  this  convention,  a  census  of  voters  was  to  be 
taken,  on  the  basis  of  which,  previous  to  the  choice  of  delegates,  an 
apportionment  was  to  be  made.  This  census,  falling  into  the  hands 
of  the  pro-slavery  sheriffs,  was  grossly  unjust,  most  of  the  free  state 
voters  being  unenumerated,  and  some  counties  entirely  omitted. 
The  apportionment  and  all  the  arrangments  for  the  election  of  dele 
gates  were  made,  so  as  to  perfectly  ensure  the  return  of  a  pro-slavery 
majority  in  the  convention.  Under  these  circumstances  the  free 
state  men  again  refused  to  vote  and  the  whole  number  of  votes  cast 
was  only  about  two  thousand. 

The  election  took  place  on  the  15th  of  June,  and  the  delegates 
thus  chosen  met  in  convention  at  Lecompton  on  the  4th  of  Septem 
ber,  1857.1  After  organizing  they  adjourned  until  October.  In  the 
meantime  an  election  for  members  to  the  territorial  legislature  was 
held,  in  which  the  free  state  men  participated,  some  show  of  fairness 
having  been  secured.  The  result  of  this  election,  notwithstanding 
many  gross  attempts  at  fraud,  secured  a  legislature  of  thirty-six  free 
state  members  to  sixteen  pro-slavery.  The  free  state  delegate  to 
congress  was  chosen  at  the  same  time  by  seven  thousand  six  hun 
dred  votes,  against  three  thousand  seven  hundred  for  the  pro-slavery 
candidate,  showing  the  free  state  settlers  to  be  in  a  large  majority  in 
the  territory. 

i  Since  the  above  was  written,  Governor  Walker,  himself,  has  testified  to  the  following  facts : 
44  Shortly  after  I  arrived  at  Lecompton,"  says  Mr.  Walker,  "  the  county  of  Douglas,  of  which 
Lecompton  is  the  capital,  held  a  democratic  meeting,  and  nominated  eight  gentlemen,  I  think,  as 
delegates  to  the  Lecompton  convention,  of  which  John  Calhoun,  then  the  surveyor-general  of 
the  territory,  was  at  the  head.  The  resolutions  of  the  meeting  required  them  to  sustain  the 
submission  of  the  constitution  to  the  vote  of  the  people.  They  published  a  written  pledge  to 
that  effect.  Rumors  were  circulated  by  their  opponents  that  they  would  not  submit  the  whole 
constitution  to  the  people.  They  published  a  second  circular,  a  day  or  two  before  the  election, 
denouncing  these  rumors  as  falsehoods,  and  reaffirming  their  determination,  if  elected,  to  sub 
mit  the  constitution  to  the  people.  But  for  these  assurances  it  is  universally  conceded  they  had 
no  chance  whatever  of  being  elected — not  the  slightest. 

'•  I  still  continued  to  entertain  not  the  shadow  of  a  doubt  that  the  constitution  would  be  sub 
mitted  to  a  vote  of  the  people  by  the  convention,  nor  do  I  believe  the  slightest  doubt  existed  in 
the  territory.  I  deem  it  due  to  frankness  to  say,  that  from  my  long  residence  in  the  south, 
and  my  general  views  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  I  should  have  greatly  preferred  that  a  majority 
of  the  people  of  Kansas  would  have  made  it  a  slave  state.  I  avowed  these  views  very  fully  in 
my  public  communications  in  Kansas.  I  never  disguised  my  opinions  upon  this  subject.  But 
at  the  same  time  it  was  perfectly  obvious  to  myself  and  to  every  person  that  it  was  possible  to 
accomplish  that  object  by  no  fair  means  in  Kansas.  I  was  determined  that,  so  far  as  my  action 
was  concerned,  there  should  be  a  fair  vote  of  the  people,  and  that  I  would  countenance  no  frauds, 
or  forgeries,  or  villainy  of  any  kind,  in  connection  with  a  question  so  solemn  as  that.  This  at 
tempt  to  make  Kansas  a  slave  state  developed  itself  in  the  fall  of  1857.  It  first  was  fully  de 
veloped  by  the  terrible  forgeries  in  the  pretended  returns.  They  were  not  legal  returns  that 
were  sent  to  me  as  governor  of  the  territory,  and  which  I  rejected,  although  that  rejection  gave 
a  majority  of  the  territorial  legislature  to  my  political  opponents,  the  republicans.  The  first 
forgery  presented  to  me  was  the  case  at  Oxford,  which  was  a  forgery  upon  its  face,  and  that  it 
\vas  so  has  since  been  acknowledged  by  one  of  the  judges  whose  names  were  signed  to  it.  In  a 
public  document  he  declares  that  he  never  did  affix  his  signature  to  it.  In  Oxford,  some  six 
teen  hundred  votes  were  attempted  to  be  given  in  a  village  of  six  houses,  where  there  were  not 
fifty  voters,  and  it  is  now  ascertained  that  not  thirty  votes  were  really  given.  The  rest  were  all 
forgeries. 

"  The  next  return  presented  was  from  McGee  county,  where  there  certainly  were  not  twenty 
voters,  but  which  was  returned  as  over  twelve  hundred  voters,  given  at  three  different  precincts, 
and  where  it  is  now  ascertained  that  there  was  no  election  holden  at  all— not  a  vote  given." 


52  MEMOIR. 

The  convention  reassembled  at  Lecompton,  and  framed  a  constitu 
tion  recognizing  slavery  and  declaring  the  right  of  property  in  slaves 
to  be  higher  than  any  law  or  constitution.  Notwithstanding  the- 
members  had  pledged  themselves  to  submit  the  constitution  they 
were  to  frame,  to  the  suffrages  of  the  people,  no  such  provision  was 
adopted  by  the  convention.  Only  the  section  relating  to  slavery 
was  to  be  so  submitted,  and  it  was  by  an  artful  precaution  made 
impossible  to  vote  for  or  against  that  section  without,  at  the  same 
time,  voting  for  the  whole  constitution.  The  free  state  settlers 
refusing  to  vote,  the  slavery  permission  was  adopted  by  a  vote  of 
six  thousand  one  hundred  forty-three  to  five  hundred  and  sixty-nine. 
Three-fourths  of  the  affirmative  votes  were  proved  to  be  fraudulent. 

Early  in  February,  1858,  the  president  sent  to  congress  a  special 
message,  with  the  constitution  thus  formed  at  Lecompton,  recom 
mending  the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union  under  that  con 
stitution.  In  the  house  the  subject  was  referred  to  a  select  commit 
tee,  on  motion  of  Mr.  Harris,  of  Illinois,  by  a  vote  of  one  hun 
dred  and  fourteen  to  one  hundred  and  eleven.  The  speaker,  con 
trary  to  usage,  appointed  a  committee  opposed  to  the  object  of  the 
mover. 

In  the  senate,  after  a  debate  of  several  weeks  duration,  a  bill  was 
passed  to  admit  Kansas  under  the  Lecompton  constitution ;  ayes 
thirty-three,  nays  twenty-five.  Bell,  Broderick,  Crittenden,  Douglas, 
Pugh  and  Stuart  voted  nay  with  the  republicans.  Previous  to  the 
final  passage  of  the  bill  Mr.  Crittenden  moved  a  substitute  pro 
viding  that  the  Lecompton  constitution  should  be  submitted  to  the 
people  of  Kansas ;  if  approved,  the  president  should  by  procla 
mation  admit  Kansas  into  the  Union;  if  rejected  by  the  people, 
a  new  convention  might  be  called  to  frame  another  constitution. 
Mr.  Crittenden's  substitute  was  rejected  in  the  senate  by  a  vote  of 
twenty-four  to  thirty-two — Bell,  Broderick,  Douglas  and  Stuart 
voting  aye  with  the  republicans. 

The  bill  as  it  passed  the  senate  was  taken  up  in  the  house  on 
the  first  day  of  April.  A  motion  to  reject  it  was  lost — ayes  ninety- 
five,  nays  one  hundred  and  thirty-seven.  Besides  the  republicans 
voting  to  reject  the  bill  were  Harris,  of  Illinois,  and  Hickman,  of 
Pennsylvania.  Mr.  Montgomery,  of  Pennsylvania,  immediately 
moved  to  substitute  Mr.  Crittenden's  amendment  for  the  senate  bill. 
His  motion  was  carried,  and  the  house,  by  a  vote  of  one  hundred 


KANSAS — LECOMPTON — 1858.  53 

and  twenty  to  one  hundred  and  twelve,  adopted,  substantially,  the 
bill   offered  as  a  substitute  in  the  senate  by  Mr.  Crittenden.1 

The  bill,  thus  amended,  was  returned  to  the  senate,  where  it  was 
rejected  by  thirty -four  to  twenty -two.  The  house  for  several  days 
maintained  its  position  arid  refused  to  recede.  The  senate,  equally 
obstinate,  at  length  proposed  a  conference.  The  house,  after  one 
day's  deliberation,  by  the  close  vote  of  one  hundred  and  nine  to 
one  hundred  and  eight,  accepted  the  proposition,  and  a  conference 
committee  was  appointed — Green,  Hunter  and  Seward,  of  the 
senate,  with  English,  Stephens  and  Howard,  of  the  house.  Mr. 
English,  who  had  voted  in  the  house  for  the  substitute,  was  the 
chairman.  On  the  23d  of  April,  he  reported  to  the  house  a  com 
promise,  Seward  and  Howard  dissenting.  This  compromising  bill 
of  which  Mr.  English  was  the  reputed  author,  was  prevarica 
ting  and  double  dealing  in  its  terms,  and  a  virtual  surrender  of  the 
principle  contained  in  Mr.  Critten den's  substitute,  which  the  house 
had  just  adopted  by  eight  majority.  While  professing  to  submit 
the  constitution  to  the  people  of  Kansas,  the  bill  provided  that  in 
ease  of  an  adverse  vote,  the  territory  should  not  be  admitted  until 
it  contained  ninety-three  thousand  three  hundred  and  forty  inhab 
itants,  and  also  that  it  should  thereby  forfeit  its  right  to  large  allot 
ments  of  the  public  lands  heretofore  set  apart  for  internal  improve 
ment  and  education  in  the  territory.  It  nevertheless  passed  the 
house  by  one  hundred  and  twelve  to  one  hundred  and  three,2  and 
the  senate  by  thirty  to  twenty-two,  Broderick,  Crittenden,  Douglas 
and  Stuart  persisting  in  their  opposition.  It  was  promptly  signed 
by  the  president,  and  under  its  provisions  the  constitution  was  sub 
mitted  to  the  people  of  Kansas.  They  rejected  it  by  a  large  majority, 
only  one  thousand  seven  hundred  and  eighty-eight  voting  in  its 
favor  and  eleven  thousand  three  hundred  against  it.  Mr.  Seward's 
speeches  during  this  contest  in  the  senate,  are  remarkable  for  their 
ability  and  comprehensive  views.  They  trace  with  historical  accu 
racy  and  striking  effect  the  various  acts  of  the  pro-slavery  party, 

1  The  democrats  who  voted  for  the  "  Crittenden  amendment,"  as  it  was  called,  were  Messrs. 
McKibbin  of  California ;  Morris,  Harris,  Shaw,  Smith  and  Marshall,  of  Illinois;  English.  Foley 
and  Davis,  of  Indiana  ;  Adrian,  of  New  Jersey ;  Haskin  and  Clark,  of  New  York ;  Pendleton. 
Groesbeck,   Cockerill,  Hall,  Lawrence  and  Cox ,  of  Ohio ;  Jones,  Hickman,   Montgomery  and 
Chapman,  of  Pennsylvania.     Messrs.  Underwood,  Marshall,  Davis,  Ricaud,  Harris  and  Gilmer, 
representatives  of  slaveholdine  states,  also  voted  with  the  republicans. 

2  Among  those  who  receded  irom  their  former  positions  were  Messrs.  English,  Foley,  Gilmer- 
Cockerill,  Cox,  Groesbeck,  Hall,  Lawrence,  Pendleton  and  Jones. 


54  MEMOIR. 

in  congress  and  in  Kansas,  in  its  persevering  efforts  to  establish  sla 
very  in  that  territory. 

During  the  session,  Mr.  Seward  advocated  and  voted  for  the  ad 
mission  of  Oregon  and  Minnesota  into  the  Union.  He,  at  the  same 
time,  opposed  the  prescriptive  features  contained  in  the  constitution 
of  Oregon,  and  protested  against  any  indorsement  of  the  prejudice 
on  which  the  proscriptions  rested.  Minnesota  was  admitted,  but 
the  bill  for  the  admission  of  Oregon,  after  passing  the  senate,  failed 
in  the  house  of  representatives. 

One  of  the  most  remarkable  pages  in  the  history  of  Mr.  Buchan 
an's  administration  will  be  that  which  relates  to  his  management  of 
affairs  in  the  territory  of  Utah.  Having  formally  removed  Brigham 
Young  from  the  office  of  governor  and  appointed  Alfred  Gumming 
as  his  successor,  the  president  determined  to  send  a  body  of  troops 
to  Utah  with  the  new  governor,  to  act  as  his  posse  comitatus.  This 
little  army,  only  three  hundred  strong,  with  a  train  of  wagons  six 
miles  in  length,  started  on  its  long  and  dangerous  march  in  the 
autumn  of  1857.  During  its  tedious  journey  the  train  was  attacked 
by  the  Indians  on  the  route,  robbed  of  its  cattle,  overtaken  by  Si 
berian  snows  and  despoiled  of  a  large  portion  of  its  supplies.  Five 
hundred  of  its  animals  died  in  one  night  of  cold  and  hunger,  and 
fifty  wagons  were  captured  and  burned  by  emissaries  of  Brigham 
Young.  After  repeated  hardships,  and  losses  amounting  to  millions 
of  dollars,  the  train  reduced  to  a  fragment  of  its  original  proportions, 
arrived  within  one  hundred  miles  of  Salt  Lake  city  and  there  went 
into  winter  quarters.  A  serious  abridgment  of  rations  was  necessary 
to  save  the  army  from  starvation.  Brigham  Young  resolutely  for 
bade  the  entrance  of  Governor  Gumming  and  his  forces  into  the 
city,  and  it  was  only  by  a  mortifying  submission  that  they  were 
allowed  to  remain  in  their  encampment  without  destruction.  Thus,. 
for  several  months,  the  rebellious  people  of  Utah  were  suffered  to 
harass  and  destroy  the  army  of  the  United  States  and  put  its  au 
thority  at  defiance.  Fortunately  for  humanity,  an  actual  conflict  was 
avoided  by  the  interposition  of  a  private  gentleman  of  influence  and 
practical  benevolence.1  The  dishonor  of  the  administration's  con 
duct,  however,  remains.  A  bill,  introduced  in  the  senate,  increasing 

1  Thomas  L.  Kane,  of  Pennsylvania. 


THE  MORMONS  AND  THE  FILIBUSTERS.  55 

the  army  of  the  United  States  in  view  of  the  then  threatened  rebel 
lion  in  Utah,  was  debated  at  much  length  and  with  great  vigor. 

Mr.  Seward,  with  that  patriotic  regard  for  the  honor  of  his  country 
which  characterizes  all  his  acts  and  speeches,  supported  the  bill  and 
advocated  the  most  efficient  measures  for  suppressing  the  rebellion 
and  restoring  the  supremacy  of  law  and  order.  His  speeches  on  the 
subject  in  the  senate  created  not  a  little  excitement  in  that  body  and 
among  the  people.  In  this  instance  as  in  others  he  did  not  hesitate, 
in  view  of  all  the  circumstances,  to  separate  himself,  for  the  time, 
from  some  of  his  political  friends.  He  believed  it  to  be  his  duty  to 
sustain  the  honor  and  dignity  of  the  government  even  if  he  thereby 
gave  aid  and  comfort  to  Mr.  Buchanan's  administration.  And  already 
it  is  generally  conceded  that  Mr.  Seward,  in  merging  the  partizan  in 
the  patriot,  has  strengthened  his  position  before  the  country  as  a 
statesman. 

An  adventurer,  named  William  Walker,  during  President  Pierce's 
administration,  made  several  expeditions,  in  violation  of  our  neutra 
lity  laws,  to  the  Central  American  States  on  the  isthmus,  with  the 
evident  design  of  revolutionizing  their  governments  and  preparing 
the  way  for  their  becoming  slaveholding  states.  President  Bucha 
nan,  like  his  predecessor,  made  a  show  of  preventing  these  maraud 
ing  expeditions,  and  Walker  was  repeatedly  arrested ;  but  his  schemes 
seemed  never  to  be  thwarted. 

On  the  24th  of  November,  1857,  he  landed,  with  four  hundred 
men,  on  the  shores  of  Nicaragua,  at  Greytown,  in  full  view  of  an 
armed  vessel  sent  there  by  our  government  to  watch  and  intercept 
him.  Commodore  Paulding,  who  was  in  the  vicinity,  knowing  the 
unlawful  nature  of  Walker's  enterprises,  soon  arrested  him  and  sent 
him  back  to  the  United  States,  a  prisoner.  Walker  was  subsequently 
indicted  and  tried  at  New  Orleans,  but  the  jury  failed  to  agree,  and 
the  prosecution  was  abandoned.  Commodore  Paulding,  on  the  other 
hand,  was  treated  with  marked  coldness  by  the  administration,  and 
resolutions  were  introduced  in  the  senate  and  in  the  house,  by  the 
president's  friends,  condemning  his  course.  Mr.  Seward  defended 
the  arrest,  and  supported  a  resolution  to  present  Commodore  Pauld 
ing  with  a  gold  medal. 

The  first  session  of  the  thirty-fifth  congress  was  brought  to  a  close 
on  the  16th  of  June,  1858. 


66  MEM  OIK. 

After  the  adjournment,  Mr.  Seward  was  engaged  for  several  weeks 
in  the  circuit  court  of  the  United  States  at  New  York.  His  argu 
ment  before  that  court,  in  favor  of  a  bridge  over  the  Hudson  river 
at  Albany,  is  remarkable  for  its  originality  and  for  its  extensive 
knowledge  of  the  subject  of  navigation. 

The  elections  in  the  autumn  of  1858  resulted  in  a  decided  rebuke 
of  the  president  and  his  Kansas-Lecompton  policy.  In  the  state  of 
New  York,  only  four  members  of  congress  favoring  that  policy  were 
elected;  and  the  republican  candidate  for  governor  (Hon.  E.  D. 
Morgan)  was  chosen  by  nearly  twenty  thousand  majority.  The 
struggle  in  the  state  was  nevertheless  severe,  and  the  result  seemed 
to  many  to  be  doubtful.  In  this  emergency,  Mr.  Seward  appeared 
before  the  people,  and  by  his  speeches  at  Rochester,  Rome,  and  Au 
burn,  rallied  the  strength  of  the  republicans,  and  at  the  same  time 
destroyed  the  hopes  of  the  opposition.  His  speech  at  Rochester, 
especially,  gave  a  new  aspect  to  the  contest,  and  turned  the  tide  in 
favor  of  the  republican  party.  The  following  passage  has  acquired 
an  enduring  fame : 

"  Hitherto,  the  two  systems  (slave  and  free  labor)  have  existed  in  different 
states,  but  side  by  side,  within  the  American  Union.  This  has  happened  because 
the  Union  is  a  confederation  of  states.  But,  in  another  aspect,  the  United  States 
constitute  only  one  nation.  Increase  of  population,  which  is  filling  the  states  out 
to  their  very  borders,  together  with  a  new  and  extended  net-work  of  railroads 
and  other  avenues,  and  an  internal  commerce  which  daily  becomes  more  intimate, 
are  rapidly  bringing  the  states  into  a  higher  and  more  perfect  social  unity  or  con 
solidation.  Thus  these  antagonistic  systems  are  continually  coming  into  closer 
contact,  and  collision  results. 

"  Shall  I  tell  you  what  this  collision  means  ?  They  who  think  that  it  is  acci 
dental,  unnecessary,  the  work  of  interested  or  fanatical  agitators,  and  therefore 
ephemeral,  mistake  the  case  altogether.  It  is  an  irrepressible  conflict  between 
opposing  and  enduring  forces,  and  it  means  that  the  United  States  must  and  will, 
sooner  or  later,  become  either  entirely  a  slaveholding  nation,  or  entirely  a  free- 
labor  nation.  Either  the  cotton  and  rice  fields  of  South  Carolina  and  the  sugar 
plantation's  of  Louisiana  will  ultimately  be  tilled  by  free  labor,  and  Charleston  and 
New  Orleans  become  marts  for  legitimate  merchandise  alone,  or  else  the  rye  fields 
and  wheat  fields  of  Massachusetts  and  New  York  must  again  be  surrendered  by 
their  farmers  to  slave  culture  and  to  the  production  of  slaves,  and  Boston  and  New 
York  become  once  more  markets  for  trade  in  the  bodies  and  souls  of  men.  It  is 
the  failure  to  apprehend  this  great  truth  that  induces  so  many  unsuccessful  attempts 
at  final  compromise  between  the  slave  and  free  states,  and  it  is  the  existence  of 
thiis  great  fact  that  renders  all  such  pretended  compromises,  when  made,  vain  and 
ephemeral.  Startling  as  this  saying  may  appear  to  you,  fellow  citizens,  it  is  by  no 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  57 

Cleans  an  original  or  even  a  modern  one.  Our  forefathers  knew  it  to  be  true,  and 
unanimously  acted  upon  it  when  they  framed  the  constitution  of  the  United  States. 
They  regarded  the  existence  of  the  servile  system  in  so  many  of  the  states  with 
sorrow  and  shame,  which  they  openly  confessed,  and  they  looked  "upon  the  colli 
sion  between  them,  which  was  then  just  revealing  itself,  and  which  we  are  now 
accustomed  to  deplore,  with  favor  and  hope.  They  knew  that  either  the  one  or 
the  other  system  must  exclusively  prevail. 

"  It  remains  to  say  on  this  point  only  one  word,  to  guard  against  misapprehen 
sion.  If  these  states  are  to  again  become  universally  slaveholding,  I  do  not  pre 
tend  to  say  with  what  violations  of  the  constitution  that  end  shall  be  accom 
plished.  On  the  other  hand,  while  I  do  confidently  believe  and  hope  that  my 
country  will  yet  become  a  land  of  universal  freedom,  I  do  not  expect  that  it 
will  be  made  so  otherwise  than  through  the  action  of  the  several  states  co-operat 
ing  with  the  federal  government,  and  all  acting  in  strict  conformity  with  their 
respective  constitutions. 

"  The  strife  and  contentions  concerning  slavery,  which  gently-disposed  persons 
8O  habitually  deprecate,  are  nothing  more  than  the  ripening  of  the  conflict  which 
the  fathers  themselves  not  only  thus  regarded  with  favor,  but  which  they  may  be 
said  to  have  instituted." 

Congress  again  assembled  on  the  first  Monday  in  December,  1858. 
On  the  first  day  of  the  session,  Mr.  Mason,  of  Virginia,  in  the  senate, 
called  up  the  bill  to  indemnify  the  owners  of  the  Spanish  schooner 
Amistead  for  the  loss  of  its  cargo  of  slaves.  Mr.  Seward  remarked 
that  he  did  not  consider  it  a  meritorious  bill,  and  moved  a  postpone 
ment  of  its  consideration.  The  subject  was  suffered  to  rest  during 
the  remainder  of  the  thirty-fifth  congress 

Mr.  Seward's  speeches  during  the  session  were  upon  the  Pacific 
railroad  bill ;  the  expenses  and  revenues  of  government ;  the  bill  to 
facilitate  the  acquisition  of  Cuba;  the  Indiana  senatorial  question ; 
the  consular  and  diplomatic  appropriations ;  the  homestead  bill ;  the 
protection  of  American  citizens  abroad ;  and  the  post  office,  civil  and 
naval  appropriations.  In  the  discussion  of  one  of  the  latter  bills, 
the  affairs  of  Kansas  were  briefly  alluded  to  by  Mr.  Seward.  He 
expressed  his  satisfaction  with  the  prospect  that  Kansas  was  soon  to 
be  admitted  into  the  Union  as  a  free  state ;  and  hailed  the  approach 
of  the  time  when  no  successful  attempt  would  be  made  in  congress 
to  bind  down  any  future  territory  to  come  into  the  Union  as  a  slave- 
holding  state. 

In  the  debate  on  the  Pacific  railroad  bill,  Mr.  Seward  advocated 
an  amendment  providing  that  preference  should  be  given,  in  the 


VOL.  IV. 


58  MEMOIR. 

construction  of  the  road,  to  iron  of  American  manufacture.  He  gave 
his  assent  to  the  route  proposed  by  the  committee,  although  he  pre* 
ferred  one  less  southern.  He  discarded  the  policy  of  giving  the 
public  lands  to  a  company  to  build  the  road,  preferring  that  the  land 
in  its  vicinity  should  be  surrendered  to  actual  settlers,  so  as  to  secure 
the  speediest  possible  production  of  revenue  from  it.  He  would 
directly  employ  the  capital  and  credit  of  the  United  States,  increas 
ing  the  tariff  on  foreign  importations  for  the  purpose  of  defraying 
the  cost  and  providing  a  sinking  fund  for  the  extinguishment  of  the 
debt  created  in  the  construction  of  the  road.  These  view&are  very 
ably  set  forth  in  his  speeches,  with  many  practical  suggestions,  most 
of  which  were  incorporated  into  the  bill  prepared  by  the  committee. 

Mr.  Seward,  in  discussing  the  act  making  appropriations  for  the 
civil  and  diplomatic  service  of  the  United  States,  urged  several 
important  reforms  in  both  departments.  He  believed  that  greater 
economy  might  be  secured  in  their  administration,  without  impairing 
their  efficiency.  He  named  a  number  of  foreign  missions  that  might 
be  combined,  and  several  that  might  be  safely  abolished. 

Probably  no  more  important  subject  occupied  the  attention  of  con 
gress  than  that  of  the  disposition  of  the  public  lands.  "  A  bill  to 
secure  homesteads  to  actual  settlers  on  the  public  domain"  passed  the 
house,  one  hundred  and  twenty  to  seventy-six.  The  republicans 
voted  for  the  measure.  Six  northern  democrats  voted  against,  and 
only  three  southern  members  for  it.  Of  the  democratic  votes  in  the 
house,  a  large  majority  were  cast  against  the  bill.  It  having  thus- 
passed  the  house,  early  in  February,  1859,  Mr.  "Wade,  in  the  senate,  on 
the  17th  of  that  month,  moved  to  take  it  up.  His  motion  prevailed.1 

All  that  was  now  desired  by  the  friends  of  the  bill  was  a  vote  upon 
its  final  passage,  which  its  opponents  were  determined  to  prevent. 
Mr.  Seward,  in  brief  but  energetic  terms,  urged  its  friends  to  stand 
firm  and  insist  upon  its  consideration.  But  after  a  desultory  debate, 
which  Senator  Mason  threatened  should  be  "  extended,"  a  motion  to 
lay  aside  the  bill  was  carried  by  the  casting  vote  of  the  vice-presi 
dent.  During  the  contest,  Mr.  Gwin  left  the  friends  of  the  bill  and 
roted  with  its  enemies.  As  in  the  house,  a  large  majority  of  the 

^  The  vote  stood  as  follows  (republicans  in  italics) :  Yeas— Messrs.  Bright,  Broderick,  Chan 
dler  Lollamer,  JHron,  Doolitfle,  Fessenden,  Foot,  Foster,  Gwin,  Hale,  Hamlin,  Ifarlan,  Johnson 
of  li'nnessee <Az/w,  Puch,  Rice,  Seward,  Shields,  Simmon*,  Smith,  Stuart,  Trumbull,  Wade, 
WUKtnr-'X  Arty*— Messrs.  Allen,  Bayard,  Benjamin,  Biglcr,  Brown,  Chesnut,  f'lay.  Clin«*- 
rnan,  Davis.  Pitch  lit/patrick,  Green,  Hammond,  Hunter,  Iverson,  Lane,  Mallorv,  Mason, 
Pearce,  Reid,  blulell,  Toombs,  and  Ward— 23 


THE   HOMESTEAD   BILL.  59 

democrats  voted  against  the  bill,  while  every  republican  sustained  it, 
"at  every  stage.  Two  days  afterwards,  Mr.  Wade  again  called  up 
the  bill ;  but  a  motion  to  take  up  the  Cuba  bill,  instead,  prevailed.1 
This  was  again  repeated  on  the  25th  of  February.  After  a  debate 
on  the  Cuba  project,  protracted  late  into  the  night,  another  effort 
was  made  to  consider  the  homestead  bill.  Mr.  Seward  remarked : 

"After nine  hours'  yielding  to  the  discussion  of  the  Cuba  question,  it  is  time  to> 
come  back  to  the  great  question  of  the  day  and  the  age.  The  senate  may  as  well 
meet,  face  to  face,  the  issue  which  is  before  them.  It  is  an  issue  presented  by  the 
competition  between  these  two  questions.  One,  the  homestead  bill,  is  a  question 
of  homes,  of  lands  for  the  landless  freemen  of  the  United  States.  The  Cuba  bill 
is  the  question  of  slaves  for  the  slaveholders  of  the  United  States." 

All  efforts,  however,  to  lay  aside  the  Cuba  bill  were  ineffectual, 
and  no  other  opportunity  occurred  before  the  adjournment  of  Con 
gress  to  get  a  vote  on  the  final  passage  of  one  of  the  most  beneficent 
measures  ever  presented  to  any  legislative  body.  In  the  senate  and 
in  the  house  of  representatives  the  republicans  voted  steadily  on  the 
side  of  the  measure,  while  the  democrats,  with  a  few  exceptions, 
were  as  uniformly  against  it.  Mr.  Seward's  speech  in  favor  of  a 
homestead  law,  delivered  in  the  senate  as  early  as  1851,  is  an  elabo 
rate  defense  of  the  measure,  and  may  be  referred  to  as  the  best  expo 
sition  of  the  subject  ever  made  in  the  senate.2 

The  legislature  of  Indiana,  in  1857,  attempted  to  elect  two  United 
States  senators.  The  two  branches  were  of  opposite  politics.  The 
senate  consisted  of  twenty-three  democrats  and  twenty-seven  opposi 
tion,  while  the  house  numbered  sixty-three  democrats  to  thirty-seven 
opposition.  No  law  existing  in  that  state  prescribing  the  manner  of 
electing  a  senator,  the  constitution  of  the  United  States  was  the  only 
guide  in  the  matter.  That  instrument  declares,  that  senators  shall 
be  elected  by  the  "  legislature."  The  laws  of  Indiana  define  the 
legislature  to  be  "the  senate  and  house."  The  senate  consists  of 
fifty  members;  the  house  of  one  hundred.  Two-thirds,  in  each,  is- 
required  to  make  a  quorum. 

1  The  following  is  the  vote  to  give  the  Cuba  bill  priority  of  consideration :   Yeas — Messrs. 
Allen,  Bayard,  Bell,  Benjamin,  Bigler,  Brown,  Chesnut,  Clay,  Clingman,  Davis,  Fitch,  Fitzpa- 
trick,  Green,  Gwin,  Hammond,  Houston,  Hunter,  Iverson,  Jones,  Lane    Mallory,  Mason,  Polk, 
Pugh,  .Reid,  Eice,  Sebastian,  Shields,  Slidell,  Smith,  Stuart,  Toombs,  Ward,  Wright,  and  Yulee 
— 35.    Nays — Messrs.  Broderick,  Cameron,  Chandler,  Clark,  Collamer,  Dixon.  Doolittle,  Douglas,. 
Durkee,  Fessenden,  Foot,  Foster.  Hale,  Hamlin,  Harlan,  Johnson  of  Tennessee,  Kennedy,  King, 
Pearce,  Seward,  Simmons,  TrtnnbiiU,  Wade,  and  Wilson — 24. 

2  See  vol.  I,  p.  156. 


60  MEMOIR. 

The  bouse,  with  twenty-three  senators,  on  the  4th  of  February, 
in  a  pretended  joint  convention,  elected  Messrs.  Bright  and  Fitch 
senators  of  the  United  States ;  the  latter  to  fill  the  vacancy  then 
existing,  and  the  former  for  the  full  term,  commencing  the  ensuing 
4th  of  March.  This  election  was  deemed  invalid  for  the  following 
reasons — the  senate  had  never  voted  for  this  joint  convention,  but 
on  the  other  hand  had  adopted  a  protest,  twenty-seven  to  twenty, 
against  any  such  meeting,  a  few  days  before  it  was  held.  Less 
than  a  quorum  of  the  house  were  present,  and  there  were  several 
other  gross  informalities  attending  the  pretended  election,  sufficient 
to  render  it  palpably  illegal  and  void.  Twenty-seven  senators  and 
thirty-six  representatives  sent  a  protest  to  the  United  States  senate, 
•declaring  that  a  quorum  of  neither  house  had  participated  in  the 
election ;  that  the  alleged  joint  convention  was  unauthorized  by  any 
law  of  the  state,  by  any  resolution  of  the  legislature,  or  by  any  pro 
vision  of  the  constitution  of  Indiana,  or  of  the  United  States ;  and 
that  to  affirm  its  action  would  destroy  the  existence  of  the  senate  of 
Indiana  as  a  branch  of  the  legislature.1  Bat  a  majority  of  the  senate 
of  the  United  States  allowed  Messrs.  Bright  and  Fitch  to  take  their 
seats  and  act  as  members  of  the  senate. 

In  1859  the  legislature  of  Indiana,  in  a  legal  and  formal  manner, 
chose  Messrs.  Henry  S.  Lane  and  William  Monroe  McCarty,  as 
senators,  to  take  the  places  illegally  held  by  Messrs.  Bright  and 
Fitch.  One  argument  at  the  previous  session  of  congress  had  been 
that  no  contestants  appeared  for  the  seats  claimed  by  the  latter  gen 
tlemen.  Messrs.  Lane  and  McCarty  accordingly  presented  their 
credentials  to  the  senate  by  the  hands  of  the  vice-president,  with  a 
memorial  from  the  legislature  of  Indiana  reciting  the  facts  in  the  case. 

Mr.  Seward  moved  that  the  recently  elected  senators  be  allowed 
the  privileges  of  the  senate  until  their  claims  were  considered  and 
decided.  His  speech  in  vindication  of  their  rights,  and  in  condem 
nation  of  the  usurpations  and  action  of  the  legislature  of  Indiana  in 
1857,  is  a  well  reasoned  and  cogent  argument  of  the  whole  question. 

The  senate,  however,  refused  to  adopt  Mr.  Seward's  motion  allow 
ing  Messrs.  McCarty  and  Lane  the  privileges  of  the  floor ;  and  also 

1  Certain  state  officers  are  also,  by  the  constitution  and  laws  of  Indiana,  required  to  be  elected 
Dy  a  joint  convention.  But,  although  several  vacancies  had  existed  for  some  time,  the  members 
composing  the  convention  which  elected  the  two  senators,  did  not  dare  to  assume  the  duty  of 
electing  such  officers  at  that  or  at  any  convention  similarly  constituted. 


THE   ACQUISITION   OF   CUBA.  61 

declined  to  consider  their  claims,  on  the  ground  that  the  question 
had  been  closed  by  previous  action  of  the  senate. 

On  the  24th  of  January,  1857,  Mr.  Slidell,  of  Louisiana,  from  the 
committee  on  foreign  relations,  reported  to  the  senate  a  bill  for  the 
acquisition  of  the  island  of  Cuba.  The  project  had  been  ushered 
into  the  senate  by  a  special  message  from  the  president  and  was  con 
sidered  an  Executive  measure.  It  provided  for  the  immediate 
appropriation  of  thirty  millions  of  dollars,  to  be  placed  under  the 
control  of  the  president,  to  be  used  in  his  discretion  for  the  acquisi 
tion  of  the  island,  without  requiring  the  ratification  by  the  senate 
of  any  treaty  he  might  make.  Neither  was  the  president  limited  in* 
the  amount  to  be  paid,  ultimately — the  thirty  millions  of  dollars 
being  for  the  preliminary  arrangements  to  the  actual  purchase.  Mr. 
Se ward's  views  in  regard  to  the  acquisition  of  Cuba  were  expressed 
in  his  speech  in  the  senate  on  the  26th  of  January,  1853,  as  follows: 

"  While  I  do  not  desire  the  immediate  or  early  annexation  of  Cuba,  nor  see  how 
I  could  vote  for  it  at  all  until  slavery  shall  have  ceased  to  counteract  the  workings 
of  nature  in  that  beautiful  island,  nor  even  then,  unless  it  could  come  into  the  Union, 
without  injustice  to  Spain,  without  aggressive  war,  and  without  producing  inter 
nal  dissensions  among  ourselves,  I  nevertheless  yield  my  full  acquiescence  to  the 
views  of  John  Quincy  Adams,  that  this  nation  can  never  safely  allow  that  island 
to  pass  under  the  dominion  of  any  power  that  is  already,  or  can  become,  a  for 
midable  rival  or  enemy."1 

The  bill  now  before  the  senate  met  with  Mr.  Seward's  persistent 
opposition.  His  speeches  and  remarks  during  the  debate  were  full 
of  warning  and  denunciation  of  the  dangerous  provisions  contained 
in  the  bill.  It  also  encountered  the  opposition  of  the  other  repub 
lican  senators,  and  was  finally  dropped  by  its  friends,  without  a  vote 
being  taken  on  its  passage.  A  motion  to  lay  the  bill  on  the  table 
was  made  in  the  senate  at  midnight  on  the  25th  of  February,  which 
was  lost,  eighteen  to  thirty.  This  was  the  last  action  had  upon  the 
measure  during  the  session. 

By  the  10th  section  of  an  act  passed  March  3d,  1857,  congress 
provided  for  the  establishment  of  an  overland  mail  to  San  Francisco 
in  these  words : 

"  SEC.  10.  And  be  it  further  enacted,  That  the  postmaster-general  be,  and  he  is 
lereby,  authorized  to  contract  for  the  conveyance  of  the  entire  letter  mail,  from 

1  Sae  Vol.  Ill,  page  605. 


£2  MEMOIR. 

euch  point  on  the  Mississippi  river  as  the  contractors  may  select,  to  San  Francisco, 
in  the  state  of  California,  for  six  years,  at  a  cost  not  exceeding  three  hundred  thous 
and  dollars  per  annum  for  semi-monthly,  four  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars 
for  weekly,  or  six  hundred  thousand  dollars  for  semi-weekly  service  ;  to  be  performed 
semi-monthly,  weekly  or  semi-weekly,  at  the  option  of  the  postmaster-general." 

The  bids  made  for  tins  contract  specified  the  route  to  be  traversed 
as  it  was  contemplated  they  should,  by  the  act.  But  none  of  the 
routes  proposed  were  sufficiently  southern  to  satisfy  the  president 
and  his  cabinet.  By  an  extraordinary  exercise  of  power  the  success 
ful  contractors  were  made  to  adopt  a  route  agreed  upon  by  the  ad 
ministration  and  its  southern  advisers,  described  as  follows : 

"  From  St.  Louis,  Missouri,  and  from  Memphis,  Tennessee,  converging  at  Little 
Rock,  Arkansas ;  thence,  via  Preston,  Texas,  or  as  nearly  so  as  may  be  found  ad 
visable,  to  the  best  point  of  crossing  the  Rio  Grande,  above  El  Paso,  and  not  far 
from  Fort  Fillmore ;  ftience  along  the  new  road,  being  opened  and  constructed 
under  the  direction  of  the  secretary  of  the  interior,  to  Fort  Yumas,  California ; 
thence  through  the  best  passes  and  along  the  best  valleys  for  safe  and  expeditious 
staging,  to  San  Francisco." 

One  of  the  objects  in  compelling  the  contractors  to  take  this  ex 
tremely  southern  and  circuitous  route  seems  to  have  been  to  favor 
the  gulf  states  and  to  populate  with  immigrants  the  territory  of 
Arizona,  at  the  expense  of  the  more  central  and  northern  portions 
of  the  country.  An  effort  was  made  in  congress  in  February,  1859, 
to  change  the  action  of  the  post  office  department  in  regard  to  this 
matter,  and  to  restore  the  spirit  and  letter  of  the  act  of  March  3d, 
1857.  The  route  forced  upon  the  contractors  neither  accommodated 
the  transmission  of  letters  nor  the  conveyance  of  passengers  from 
the  Mississippi  river  to  San  Francisco,  while  it  involved  an  expense 
of  over  six  hundred  thousand  dollars.  On  the  1st  of  March,  1859, 
an  amendment  to  the  post  office  appropriation  bill  was  lost,  as 
follows : 

"  And  be  it  further  enacted,  That  the  contract  with  Butterfield  &  Co.,  for  carry 
ing  the  mails  from  the  Mississippi  river  to  San  Francisco,  in  California,  shall  be  so 
construed  as  to  allow  said  contractors  to  carry  the  mail  by  any  route  they  may  select." 

YEAS — Messrs.  Broderick,  Cameron,  Chandler,  Clark,  Collamer,  Dixon,  Doc-little, 
Durkee,  Foot,  Foster  Harlan,  King,  Polk,  Pugh,  Seward,  Shields,  Simmons,  Trum- 
bull,  Wade  and  Wilson — 20.  NAYS — Messrs.  Allen,  Bell,  Benjamin,  Bigler, 
Brown,  Chesnut,  Clay,  Clingman,  Crittenden,  Fitch,  Fitzpatrick,  6-reen,  G-win, 


VISIT  TO   EUKOPE  AND  THE  HOLY  LAND.  63 

Hammond,  Houston,  Hunter,  Iverson,  Johnson  of  Arkansas,  Johnson  of  Ten 
nessee.  Jones,  Lane,  Mason,  Pearce,  Reid,  Rice,  Slidell,  Stuart,  Toombs,  Ward 
and  Yulee— 30. 

It  will  be  seen  that  this  vote  was  almost  entirely  sectional,  Mr. 
Polk  of  Missouri  being  the  only  senator  from  a  slave  state  in  the 
affirmative. 

Further  efforts  were  made  in  the  senate  and  in  the  house  by  Mr. 
Seward  and  others,  to  give  to  the  north  and  west  a  just  and  equi 
table  share  in  the  advantages  to  be  derived  from  an  overland  mail 
route  to  the  Pacific.  One  provision  of  this  character,  adopted  by  con 
gress,  was  defeated  by  the  president's  refusing  to  sign  the  bill  con 
taining  it,  and  another  was  lost  with  the  post  office  appropriation 
bill  to  which  it  was  attached. 

Mr.  Seward  advocated  the  most  practicable  measures  that  came 
before  the  senate  for  affording  mail  facilities  to  the  people  living  be 
tween  the  Mississippi  river  and  the  Pacific  ocean.  In  the  same  spirit 
he  favored  the  best  attainable  projects  for  a  railroad;  and  a  line  of 
telegraphs,  through  the  same  territory.  No  sectional  prejudices  mar 
any  of  his  speeches  on  these  great  subjects  nor  appear  in  any  of  the 
votes  he  cast. 

A  bill  giving  to  the  several  states  portions  of  the  public  lands  for 
the  support  of  colleges  devoted  specially  to  agricultural  and  me 
chanical  sciences,  having  passed  the  house  at  the  previous  session, 
came  up  in  the  senate  and  was  passed:  ayes  twenty -five,  nays 
twenty- two.  It  was  vetoed  by  the  president.  Mr.  Seward  with 
other  republican  senators  zealously  supported  this  bill  while  the  neg 
ative  votes  were  cast  entirely  by  democrats. 

The  efforts  of  the  administration  to  increase  the  rates  of  postage 
on  letters  were  opposed  by  Mr.  Seward,  and  by  the  republicans  in 
the  senate  and  house  of  representatives,  and  were  finally  defeated. 

On  the  3d  of  March,  1859,  the  thirty-fifth  congress  adjourned  sine 
die.  The  president  immediately  called  an  extra  session  of  the  sen 
ate  to  meet  at  noon  on  the  next  day.  After  a  week  spent  chiefly  in 
executive  sessions  the  senate  again  adjourned. 

After  the  adjournment  of  the  senate  (March  10, 1859),  Mr.  Seward 
determined  to  gratify  his  long-cherished  desire  for  an  extensive  for 
eign  tour.  He  had  made  a  brief  and  hurried  visit  to  Europe  in  1833, 
in  company  with  his  father.  He  designed  now  to  make  a  more  pro 


64  MEMOIR. 

tracted  stay  in  the  countries  he  then  visited,  and  to  examine  more 
thoroughly  into  the  condition  of  their  inhabitants  and  the  working 
of  their  governments ;  and  also  to  extend  his  journey  into  Asia  and 
Africa. 

He  accordingly  sailed  from  New  York  on  the  7th  of  May,  in  the 
steamship  Ariel.  His  departure  was,  unexpectedly  to  Him,  made  a 
public  event.  He  was  waited  upon  at  the  Astor  House  by  the  two 
republican  central  committees,  and,  after  a  brief  interchange  of  com 
pliments,  the  committees,  with  their  guest,  proceeded  in  carriages  to 
Castle  Garden,  where  they  were  received  by  several  hundred  repub 
licans,  and  escorted  on  board  the  steamer  which  was  waiting  to  con 
vey  the  party  down  the  bay.  A  salute  was  fired,  and  the  band 
played  "  Hail  to  the  Chief,"  while  the  boat  left  the  wharf,  amid  hearty 
cheers  from  men  on  board  and  on  shore. 

On  parting  with  his  company  at  the  Narrows,  Mr.  Seward  ad 
dressed  them  as  follows : 

"GKNTLKMKX:  It  would  of  course  be  impossible  for  me  to  persuade  you  that 
anybody  could  be  insensible  to  the  manifestations  of  such  hospitality  as  I  am 
receiving  at  your  hands.  I  will,  with  your  leave,  however,  undertake  to  interpret 
it,  leaving  out  all  its  political  bearings  and  relations,  and  will  regard  you,  not  as 
politicians,  not  as  republicans,  but  as  fellow  citizens  and  as  friends  who,  against 
my  will,  followed  me  to  the  house  of  my  friends,  where  I  was  entertained,  took 
me  up  at  the  door  of  my  hotel,  unwilling  to  leave  me  alone  in  your  city,  and  who 
will  not  part  from  me  now  until  you  separate  from  me  at  the  gates  of  the  ocean. 
Gentlemen,  the  sky  is  bright,  the  sun  is  auspicious;  all  the  indications  promise  a 
pleasant  and  prosperous  voyage,  and  it  will  depend  upon  my  own  temper  whether 
out  of  it  I  am  able  or  not  to  make  the  material  for  which  I  go  abroad — the  know 
ledge  derived  from  the  sufferings  and  strivings  of  humanity  in  foreign  countries — 
to  teach  me  how  to  improve  and  elevate  the  condition  of  my  own  countrymen. 
I  will  only  say,  gentlemen,  in  expressing  my  thanks  to  you,  now  that  we  are  at 
the  point  of  separation,  that  I  trust  it  may  be  my  good  fortune  to  return  among 
you,  and  resume  the  duties  now  temporarily  suspended,  in  the  great  cause  of 
freedom  and  humanity.  But  no  one  knows  the  casualties  of  life;  and  two  voya 
ges  separate  me  from  you.  What  may  happen  in  that  space  and  time,  no  one  but 
a  beneficent  Providence  knows.  If  it  is  my  lot  not  to  return  among  you,  I  trust 
I  shall  be  remembered  as  one  who  accomplished  in  his  own  life  the  laudable  ends 
of  an  honorable  ambition,  and  died  far  away  from  his  native  land — without  an 
enemy  to  be  recalled  and  without  a  regretful  remembrance,  and  with  a  conviction 
that  he  had  tried  to  deserve  the  good  opinion  which  his  friends  entertained  of  him. 
Fellow  citizens,  friends,  I  am  entirely  taken  by  surprise  by  these  manifestations 
of  your  good  will  and  attention.  I  have  not  taxed  myself  to  consider  whether 
there  can  be  anything  in  what  I  have  done  to  deserve  it.  I  had  hoped,  as  I  had 


A   SECOND   VISIT   TO   EUROPE.  65 

thought,  that  I  could  pass  out  of  the  country  in  silence,  to  seek  strength,  health, 
vigor  and  knowledge  in  foreign  lands,  unattended,  unnoticed,  if  not  unknown. 
I  need  not  say  it  is  a  pleasant  surprise.  But  as  we  near  the  place  where  we  must 
part,  sad  thoughts,  rather  than  exciting  ones,  enter  into  my  mind.  You  will 
excuse  me,  therefore,  if  I  turn  aside  altogether  from  political  questions  and  con 
siderations,  which  it  is  my  duty  to  forego,  and  follow  the  scenes  which  it  is  my 
object  to  study  and  contemplate.  I  do  so  the  more  readily,  because  I  know  that 
at  last  the  great  questions  of  justice  and  humanity  before  the  American  people 
are  destined  to  be  decided,  and  that  they  may  be  safely  left  to  your  hands,  even 
if  the  instructor  never  returns.  If  Providence  restores  me  with  health  and  vigor, 
it  shall  be  devoted  to  the  establishment  and  supremacy  of  the  same  principles. 
But  we  do  not  know  the  casualties  which  await  us.  We  do  know  only  that  our 
welfare  is  the  object  of  the  care  of  a  beneficent  Providence.  And  we  do  know, 
too,  that  a  life  which  has  been  devoted  to  humanity,  and  has  endeavored  to  avoid 
doing  injustice  to  mankind,  is  a  life  which  can  leave  no  other  than  a  harmless,  if 
not  a  satisfactory  reputation.  Such,  if  I  know  my  own  heart,  I  hope  will  be  the 
reputation  which  I  shall  leave  And  now,  kindest  of  friends,  whose  liberality, 
courtesy,  and  attention  have  attended  my  passage  from  my  country  to  the  very 
£ates  of  the  ocean,  farewell.  God  be  with  you." 

The  closing  sentences  were  uttered  with  much  emotion. 

Mr.  Seward  remained  abroad  about  eight  months.  During  this 
time  he  traversed  no  small  portions  of  Europe,  Africa  and  Asia, 
visiting  Egypt  and  the  Holy  Land.  Probably  no  other  American 
was  ever  received,  wherever  he  went,  so  cordially  and  with  such 
distinguished  respect.  The  monarchs  and  ruling  classes  of  Europe 
spontaneously  offered  him  all  the  opportunities  he  could  desire  for 
improving  the  great  object  of  his  journey,  and  such  as  are  only 
extended  to  recognized  statesmen  of  the  world.  He  enjoyed,  no 
less,  the  company  and  respect  of  Kossuth,  Lamartine,  Mrs.  Marti- 
neau,  Mackay,  and  other  friends  of  liberty  in  England  and  on  the 
continent. 

Mr.  Seward's  return  to  his  native  land,  oh  the  29th  of  December, 
1859,  was  signalized  by  public  demonstrations  and  rejoicing.  At 
New  York,  the  common  council  tendered  him  the  civilities  of  the 
city,  and  made  arrangements  for  his  public  reception.  On  his  arri 
val  in  the  city,  the  mayor  waited  upon  him  and  accompanied  him  to 
the  City  Hall,  where  a  dense  crowd  of  people  were  waiting  to  receive 
him.  In  response  to  Mayor  Tiemann's  address,  Mr.  Seward  spoke 
as  follows : 

"  MR.  MAYOR,  GENTLEMEN  OF  THE  COMMON  COUNCIL,  AND  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  I  do 
not  mean  to  yield  to  the  impulses  of  feeling  on  this  occasion,  although  I  can 
scarcely  conceive  what  would  be  more  flattering  to  me  than  this  reception  in  the 

VOL.  IV.  9 


66  MEMOIR. 

metropolis  of  my  native  country,  and  under  the  auspices  of  the  municipal  authori 
ties  of  this  flourishing  city.  Nevertheless,  I  answer  that  my  seeming  indifference 
to  the  cordial  welcome  would  argue  me  guilty,  not  merely  of  caprice  in  regard  to 
my  fellow  citizens,  but  of  ingratitude  to  the  Divine  Being  whose  goodness  has 
permitted  me  again  to  enter  the  circle  of  true  patriots  and  of  endeared  and  life- 
tried  friends. 

"  In  the  eastern  regions,  from  which  we  have  derived  the  revelations  of  divine 
truth,  a  paralysis  rests  upon  society,  which  leaves  little  else  to  be  noted  than  those 
monuments  of  Christian  laith  which  none  can  study  without  grateful  emotions. 
I  have  been  able  on  many  occasions  to  compare  the  existing  condition  of  society 
in  Europe  with  what  existed  there  twenty-five  years  ago,  when  I  had  the  fortune 
to  visit  the  eastern  continent. 

"  I  think  that  I  can  safely  say  that  society — all  the  nations — on  that  continent 
are  more  prosperous  now  than  they  have  ever  been  before,  and  are  making  deci 
ded  progress  in  all  substantial  improvements.  But  it  is  manifest  that  the  institu 
tions  of  government  existing  there  are  either  too  ancient,  or  were  founded  on 
ancient  principles,  and  are  not  adapted  to  the  exigencies  of  the  present  day. 

"  Therefore  it  is  that  every  country  in  Europe  is  balancing  between  the  desire 
for  beneficial  changes  and  the  fear  of  innovation.  Our  own  system,  constructed 
later  and  under  better  and  happier  auspices,  alone  seems  to  afford  its  citizens  free 
dom  from  such  difficulties  and  such  apprehensions. 

"  It  must  always  be  difficult  to  determine  how  far  we  can  lend  encouragement 
to  those  who  seek  to  reform  the  institutions  of  their  own  country,  even  when 
there  is  hope  of  benefit  to  them  as  a  people.  But  this  we  can  always  do :  we  can 
conduct  our  internal  affairs  and  our  foreign  relations  with  truth,  candor,  justice  and 
moderation,  and  thus  commend  our  better  system  to  other  nations.  This  republic 
may  prove  to  them  that  its  system  of  government  is  founded  upon  public  virtue, 
that  as  a  people  we  are  at  unity  among  ourselves,  and  that  we  are  seeking  only  by 
lawful  means  to  promote  the  welfare  of  mankind." 

Addressing  the  committees  and  the  citizens  generally,  in  reply  to 
an  address  by  Judge  Peabody  on  their  behalf,  he  said : 

"  My  memory  gives  back  the  recollections  of  May  last,  when  you  accompanied 
me  to  the  steamer  on  the  occasion  of  my  departure  abroad.  I  know  not  how 
much  I  am  indebted  to  that  manifestation  of  cordiality  for  the  friendly  reception 
which  met  me  in  all  the  countries  which  I  visited,  which  was  so  grateful  to  my 
feelings.  But  no  day  was  so  pleasant  to  me  as  the  one  which  brought  me  to 
my  native  country 

"In  the  Old  World  I  saw  much  to  admire,  much  to  appreciate;  but  not  so 
much  as  there  is  to  admire  in  the  prosperity  of  my  native  land.  I  had  visited 
England  a  quarter  of  a  century  ago.  I  was  asked  on  this  visit  whether  I  had  seen 
signs  of  change  and  improvement.  To  this  I  replied  that  I  had ;  and  was  asked 
whether  there  had  not  been  changes  and  improvements  in  my  own  country.  I 
replied,  with  pride,  '  Yes.'  Twenty-six  years  ago,  I  left  London  built  of  stone, 
and  New  York  was  built  of  brick.  Now,  London  and  Paris  are  indeed  both  of 
etone — New  York  of  marble." 


ME.  SEWARD'S  RECEPTION  AT  AUBURN.  67 

His  route  home  was  a  triumphal  procession.  At  every  place  on. 
the  way,  from  New  York  to  Auburn,  bonfires,  cannon,  and  speeches 
Si  waited  his  arrival.  His  reception  in  Auburn  was  such  as  could 
have  been  prepared  and  given  only  by  sincere  and  devoted  friends  to 
a  loved  fellow  citizen  and  cherished  benefactor.  The  railroad  depot 
and  the  streets  of  the  city  through  which  he  passed,  were  thronged 
with  people.  The  military,  the  city  officials,  and  the  children  of  the 
public  schools,  bearing  banners — "  Welcome  to  Senator  Seward  " — 
-accompanied  him  to  his  house. 

At  the  gates  of  his  residence,  he  met  the  clergymen  of  every  de 
nomination  in  the  town,  waiting  to  take  him  by  the  hand  and 
welcome  him  home.  Mr.  Seward,  it  was  observed,  was  more  deeply 
affected  by  this  scene  than  any  through  which  he  had  passed.  He 
was  able  to  return  their  hearty  greeting  only  in  silence,  as  he  passed 
through  the  line  they  had  formed,  into  his  house. 

His  reply  to  an  address  made  to  him  by  Michael  S.  Myers,  Esq., 
on  behalf  of  the  people,  at  the  railroad  depot,  was  a  spontaneous 
and  familiar  talk  with  his  friends. 

"It  is  true,"  he  said,  "as  you  have  reminded  me,  that  I  have  reached  another 
stage  in  a  journey  that  has  occupied  eight  months  of  time  and  covered  ten  thou 
sand  miles  of  space — the  last  stage — a  stage  beyond  which  I  can  go  no  further. 
Although  in  this  journey  I  have  traversed  no  small  portions  of  four  continents — 
Europe,  Africa,  Asia  and  America — it  is  not  until  now,  that  I  have  found  the 
place  which,  above  all  others,  I  admire  the  most  and  love  the  best.  This  place, 
this  very  spot  on  which  you  stand,  and  I  stand  among  you,  is  indeed  the  one  point 
on  the  globe,  which,  wherever  else  I  may  be,  draws  me  back  by  an  irresistible 
spell ;  the  place  where,  when  I  rest,  I  must  dwell — the  only  place  where  I  can 
be  content  to  live,  and  content,  when  life's  fitful  fever  shall  be  over,  to  die. 

"  It  is  the  spot  cherished  in  my  affections  above  and  beyond  all  others — above 
and  beyond  the  spot  where  I  was  born — above  and  beyond  the  scenes  in  which  I 
was  educated — adorned  and  marked  as  those  localities  of  my  early  life  are,  by 
mountain  and  river,  by  blue  skies  and  genial  climes — it  is  a  spot  cherished  by  me 
above  and  beyond  the  scenes  of  any  severe  labor — of  any  arduous  achievement — 
and  if  I  may  use  the  expression  without  offense,  of  any  personal  successes.  I 
love  it  more  than  the  capital  of  my  native  state,  although  in  that  capital  I  have 
borne  the  baton  of  civil  authority,  confided  to  me  by  three  millions  of  a  free,  brave 
and  enlightened  people.  I  love  it  more  than  even  the  senate  chamber  of  the 
great  confederate  Republic  of  which  we  are  all  citizens — although  in  that  senate 
chamber  I  am  authorized  with  one  other  representative  to  pronounce  the  will  of 
the  leading  member  of  that  confederacy.  I  should  not  despair  of  vindicating  this 
preference  by  comparing  the  natural  advantages,  and  the  social  development  of 


tf  8  MEMOIR. 

the  valley  of  the  Owasco,  with  those  of  any  other  place  you  or  I  have  ever  known. 
Lakes,  meadows,  waterfalls,  fields,  forests  are  here,  which  are  nowhere  surpassed ; 
and  comfort,  ease,  intelligence,  enterprise  and  morals,  that  may  justly  challenge- 
comparison  in  any  part  of  the  globe. 

"  But  I  will  be  candid,  and  confess  that  my  partiality  stands  upon  a  simpler  and 
more  natural  logic.  I  prefer  this  place  because  it  is  my  place.  You  may  as  well 
be  candid,  also,  and  confess  that  you  like  it  best,  because  it  is  your  place.  It  is 
true,  my  excellent  friends,  that  persons  abroad  who  do  not  know  this  attractive 
spot  so  familiarly  as  we  do,  criticise  it  sometimes  with  severity.  They  point  to- 
those  dark,  massive  prison  walls,  which  are  just  before  me,  and  tell  us  that  they 
mar  the  beauty  and  detract  from  the  graces  of  our  city.  But  you  and  I  never  see 
those  walls,  or,  if  we  do,  they  appear  to  us  only  as  the  boundaries  of  a  field  of 
active  labor,  productive  industry,  and  benevolent  instruction.  So,  sometimes  these- 
distant  critics  are  pleased  to  say  that  they  think  that  I,  who  now  stand  before- 
you,  am  not  an  object  worthy  of  any  such  consideration  as  you  are  now  bestow 
ing  on  me,  and  you,  I  am  sorry  to  say,  do  not  seem  to  be  much  affected  by  that 
objection. 

"I  prefer  this  place,  because  it  is  the  only  one  where  I  am  left  free  to  act  in  an 
individual  and  not  in  a  representative  and  public  character.  Whatever  I  may  be 
elsewhere,  here  I  am  never  either  a  magistrate  or  a  legislator,  but  simply  a  citizen 
— a  man — your  equal  and  your  like — nothing  more,  nor  less,  nor  different." 

During  Mr.  Seward's  absence  (on  the  16th  of  October,  1859), 
Captain  John  Brown  with  twenty-one  men,  armed  with  muskets  and 
pikes,  invaded  the  state  of  Virginia  and  took  possession  of  the  town 
of  Harper's  Ferry.  Their  avowed  object  was  to  liberate  the  slaves 
of  Virginia.  After  getting  control  of  the  railroad  passing  through 
the  town,  and  of  the  United  States  armory  established  there,  Brown 
was  compelled  to  surrender  to  a  detachment  of  United  States  marines, 
with  a  loss  of  thirteen  of  his  men.  He  and  six  others  were  cap 
tured,  severely  wounded  and  forthwith  tried  and  executed  foi  murder 
and  treason. 

This  strange  event  caused  a  deep  excitement  throughout  the 
country.  The  enemies  of  Mr.  Seward  and  of  the  republican  party 
endeavored  to  make  him  and  the  party  responsible  for  the  acts  of 
Captain  Brown.  But  the  attempt  most  signally  failed. 

Immediately,  on  the  assembling  of  Congress,  Mr.  Mason,  of  Vir 
ginia,  in  the  senate,  moved  for  a  committee,  with  almost  unlimited 
authority  and  power,  to  investigate  the  whole  transaction.  After  a 
protracted  examination  of  numerous  witnesses,  the  committee,  con 
sisting  of  Senators  Mason,  Fitch,  Jefferson  Davis,  Doolittle  and 
Collamer,  made  a  report  absolving  all  persons,  except  Brown  and 


JOHN   BROWN — STATE   ELECTIONS.  69 

his  men,  from  any  connection  with  the  invasion.  The  following  is 
an  extract  from  the  majority  report,  signed  by  Messrs.  Mason,  Fitch 
and  Davis: 

l<  On  the  whole  testimony,  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  Brown's  plan  was  to 
-commence  a  servile  war  on  the  borders  of  Virginia,  which  he  expected  to  extend, 
and  which  he  believed  his  means  and  resources  were  sufficient  to  extend  through 
that  state  and  the  entire  south.  It  does  not  seem  that  he  entrusted  even  his  inti 
mate  friends  with  his  plans  fully,  even  after  they  were  out  for  execution." 

The  elections  in  all  the  free  states,  except  California,  in  the  au 
tumn  of  1859,  resulted  favorably  to  the  republicans,  notwithstanding 
the  efforts  of  their  opponents  to  excite  odium  and  prejudice  against 
the  party  by  alleging  its  complicity  with  the  raid  of  John  Brown. 
In  New  York,  the  republicans  succeeded  in  electing  a  legislature 
nearly  three  to  one  in  their  favor,  and  most  of  their  state  ticket  by 
flattering  majorities.  Pennsylvania  also  chose  an  opposition  legisla 
ture  and  opposition  state  officers.  Minnesota,  for  the  first  time,  was 
republican,  securing  an  additional  republican  senator  in  the  United 
States  senate.  Ohio  also  reversed  the  majority  in  her  legislature, 
which  chose  Salmon  P.  Chase,  senator,  at  its  ensuing  session.  In 
Kansas  the  people,  having  rejected  the  Lecompton  constitution,  de 
cided  by  a  large  majority  to  call  a  convention  to  frame  a  new  state 
constitution.  This  convention  met  at  Wyandotte,  in  July,  and  adopted 
a  constitution  which  was  submitted  to  and  approved  by  the  people 
of  Kansas  in  October  following.  At  the  state  election  held  under 
this  constitution,  in  December,  Charles  Robinson,  the  republican 
candidate,  was  elected  governor,  with  a  representative  to  congress 
and  other  officers  of  the  same  politics. 

The  territorial  legislature  having  previously  repealed  the  spurious 
and  offensive  laws  of  the  territory,  passed  an  amnesty  act  for  politi 
cal  offenses,  and  a  bill  abolishing  slavery  in  Kansas.  The  last 
named  act  was  defeated  by  the  failure  of  Governor  Medary  to  sign 
it.1  On  the  night  of  the  adjournment  a  bonfire  was  made  of  all 
the  odious  laws  repealed  during  the  session. 

In  the  territory  of  Nebraska,  the  republicans  elected  their  candi- 
cLate  for  delegate  to  congress  by  a  majority  of  the  legal  votes.  The 
territorial  legislature  passed  an  act,  in  the  words  of  the  ordinance  of 
1787,  prohibiting  slavery  in  the  territory,  forever.  This  act  was 

lAt  the  next  session,  in  January,  1860,  a  similar  act  was  passed  over  the  governor's  veto. 


70  ME  MO  IK. 

vetoed  by  the  federal  governor.  In  Oregon  the  result  was  so  close 
that  the  majority  was  claimed  by  both  parties. 

In  California,  only,  were  the  friends  of  the  administration  suc 
cessful.  In  that  state,  the  election  was  contested  with  unusual  bit 
terness.  Senator  Broderick  addressed  the  people  at  various  times 
during  the  canvass,  severely  denouncing  the  policy  and  conduct  of 
the  president  and  his  supporters.  Among  the  latter  was  Judge 
Terry,  who,  on  the  close  of  the  election,  challenged  Senator  Brode 
rick  to  fight  a  duel.  A  hostile  meeting  took  place  on  the  13th  of 
September,  and  on  the  first  fire  Mr.  Broderick  was  fatally  wounded. 
His  untimely  death  produced  a  very  deep  and  wide-spread  feeling 
of  sorrow  and  regret.  A  large  portion  of  the  people  believed  his 
dying  declaration : 

"  They  have  killed  me  because  I  was  opposed  to  the  extension  of  slavery 
and  a  corrupt  administration" 

No  notice  of  his  -death  was  taken  in  either  house  of  congress- 
until  after  Mr.  Seward  had  returned  from  Europe  and  resumed  his 
seat  in  the  senate.  His  brief  eulogium  on  Senator  Broderick,  pro 
nounced  in  the  senate  on  the  13th  of  February,  1860,  adds  another 
to  his  several  eloquent  memorials  of  deceased  associates  in  the  senate 
of  the  United  States,  that  have  been  previously  commented  on  in 
these  volumes. 

The  thirty-sixth  congress  assembled  on  its  usual  day  in  December, 
1859.  But  an  organization  was  not  completed  until  the  first  week 
in  February,  1860. 

On  the  first  ballot  for  speaker,  it  was  apparent  that  neither  party 
had  then  a  clear  majority  of  the  members.  The  relative  strength r 
as  exhibited  on  several  occasions,  was  nearly  as  follows :  republicans,, 
one  hundred  and  twelve;  democrats,  ninety -one;  all  others,  thirty.1 
Soon  after  the  first  ballot,  Mr.  Clark,  of  Missouri,  offered  a  resolu 
tion  declaring,  as  unfit  to  be  speaker  of  the  house,  any  member  who 
had  signed  a  recommendation  of  a  pamphlet  known  as  "  Helpei's 
Compendium  of  the  Impending  Crisis."  On  this  a  long  and  excited 
debate  ensued,  continuing  until  the  election  of  a  speaker,  but  with 
out  coming  to  a  vote  upon  the  resolution.  On  the  1st  day  of  Feb- 

i  On  the  first  ballot,  Sherman  received  sixty-six  votes,  Grow  forty-three,  Bocock  eighty-six 
and  scattering  thirty-five.  The  republicans  then  united  on  Mr.  Sherman,  giving  him  one  hun 
dred  and  twelve  votes.  The  democrats  changed  their  candidate  several  times,  varying  in  the 
number  of  votes  they  cast  from  eighty-six  to  ninety-one.  They  repeatedly  united  with  the  Ame 
ricans,  carrying  their  combined  vote  on  the  thirty-ninth  ballot  up  to  one  hundred  and  twelve. 


GKEAT   SPEECH   IN   THE   SENATE.  71 

ruary,  and  on  the  forty-fourth  ballot,  ex-governor  William  Penning- 
ton,  of  New  Jersey,  the  republican  candidate,  was  chosen  speaker, 
receiving  one  hundred  and  seventeen  votes  to  one  hundred  and  six 
teen  for  all  others.  The  republican  candidates  for  clerk,  printer,  and 
the  minor  officers  were  subsequently  elected  by  small  majorities. 
The  committees  also,  appointed  by  the  speaker,  were  republican,  or 
opposed  to  the  policy  of  the  administration. 

In  the  senate,  no  delay  occurred.  Immediately  after  its  organiza 
tion,  Mr.  Mason,  as  already  stated,  moved  the  appointment  of  a  com 
mittee  to  inquire  into  the  facts  connected  with  the  late  seizure  of  the 
United  States  armory  at  Harper's  Ferry,  by  John  Brown  and  his 
confederates.  Mr.  Trumbull  moved  to  include  in  the  investigation 
the  seizure  of  the  arsenal  at  Franklin,  Missouri,  by  the  invaders  of 
Kansas,  in  1855.  Mr.  Mason's  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted, 
after  the  rejection  of  Mr.  Trumbull's  amendment. 

Subsequently,  Mr.  Douglas,  who  had  been  detained  from  the  senate 
by  illness  for  several  weeks,  offered  a  resolution  in  favor  of  a  law  to 
protect  the  slave  states  against  invasions  and  conspiracies.  The 
measure  proposed  was  denounced  as  a  "  sedition  act,"  aiming  at  the 
liberty  of  the  press  and  at  free  speech.  It  gave  rise  to  a  heated  dis 
cussion,  involving  the  question  of  slavery  in  its  various  relations  to 
the  government.  The  president  transmitted  his  message  to  the  senate 
on  the  27th  of  December,  before  the  house  had  organized.  He  dis 
cussed  at  length  the  Harper's  Ferry  affair,  the  slave  trade,  the  acqui 
sition  of  Cuba,  and  recommended  an  appropriation  to  pay  for  the 
Amistad  negroes. 

Mr.  Seward  took  his  seat  in  the  senate  on  the  9th  of  January, 
1860.  On  the  14th  of  February,  the  president  of  the  senate  pre 
sented  the  constitution  of  Kansas,  framed  at  Wyandotte.  Mr. 
Seward  moved  its  reference  to  the  committee  on  territories,  and 
that  it  be  printed.  On  the  29th.  he  delivered  his  great  speech  in 
favor  of  the  immediate  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union,  and  on 
"  the  state  of  the  country." 

"  The  audience  assembled  to  hear  Governor  Seward's  speech,"  says  a  writer  who 
listened  to  it,  "  filled  every  available  spot  in  the  senate  galleries,  and  overflowed 
into  all  the  adjacent  lobbies  and  passages,  croAvding  them  with  throngs  eager  to  fol 
low  the  argument  of  the  senator,  or  even  to  catch  an  occasional  sentence  or  word; 
while,  throughout  its  delivery,  a  constant  stream  of  life  flowed  up  and  down  the 


72  MEMOIR. 

gorgeous  staircases  of  the  chamber,  vainly  beating  against  the  compact  masses  who 
had  been  so  fortunate  as.  to  get  early  possession  of  the  ground;  and,  thence  re 
coiling  and  deflecting,  the  disappointed  current  would  glide  into  eddies  around  the 
hall,  and  linger  in  groups  beyond  ear-shot  of  the  speaker,  unwilling  to  abandon 
all  hope  of  ultimately  catching  a  glimpse  of  the  scene  transpiring  below. 

"  It  was  on  the  floor  itself  that  the  most  interesting  spectacle  was  presented. 
every  senator  seemed  to  be  in  his  seat.  Hunter,  Davis,  Toombs,  Mason,  Ham 
mond.  Slidell,  Clingman,  Benjamin  and  Brown,  paid  the  closest  attention  to  the 
speaker.  Crittenden  listened  to  every  word.  Douglas  affected  to  be  self-pos 
sessed  ;  but  his  nervousness  of  mien  gave  token  that  the  truths  now  uttered 
awakened  unpleasant  memories  of  the  Lecompton  contest,  when  he,  Seward  and 
Crittenden,  the  famous  triumvirate,  led  the  allies  in  their  attacks  upon  a  corrupt  and 
despotic  administration. 

"  The  members  of  the  house  streamed  over  to  the  north  wing  of  the  capitol,  al 
most  in  a  body,  leaving  Mr.  Reagan  of  Texas,  to  discourse  to  empty  benches, 
while  Seward  held  his  levee  in  the  senate. 

"  Many  prominent  men,  from  various  parts  of  the  Union,  occupied  the  reserved 
seats  in  and  around  the  chamber.  There  was  an  unusally  large  attendance  of  the 
diplomatic  corps.  This  was  due  in  part,  doubtless,  to  the  reputation  of  the  orator 
as  a  statesman  and  a  leader  of  a  great  party  soon  to  take  the  control  of  the  Fed 
eral  Government ;  but  more,  perhaps,  to  the  fact  that,  during  his  recent  foreign 
tour,  Governor  Seward  was  received  with  marked  respect,  and  seemed  sometimes 
to  be  confidently  consulted  by  the  most  eminent  crowned  heads  and  the  most  dis 
tinguished  statesmen  of  Europe. 

"  This  attention  was  due  in  a  large  degree  to  the  train  of  profound  reflection, 
the  vein  of  original  thought,  the  graphic  historical  sketches,  the  tasteful  rhetorical 
ornaments,  the  occasional  apt  quotations  and  allusions,  in  fine,  to  the  mental  mag 
netism  which  permeated  his  speech  from  the  beginning  to  the  end.  But  it  was 
owing  more,  doubtless,  to  the  intrinsic  character  of  the  subject  and  the  man,  than 
to  any  mere  display  of  the  arts  of  the  logician  or  the  rhetorician.  It  was  upon 
the  theme  of  American  politics;  upon  the  problem  awaiting  solution  by  the  whole 
body  of  our  people.  It  was  the  utterance  of  a  man  whose  sharply-defined  opin 
ions  upon  that  theme,  pronounced  twenty  years  ago,  then  found  feeble  echoes,  but 
which  have  been  reiterated  until  they  have  become  the  creed  and  rallying  cry  of 
a  party  on  the  eve  of  assuming  the  jontrol  of  the  National  Government. 

"  His  exposition  of  the  relation  of  the  constitution  to  slavery  contained,  in  a 
few  lucid  sentences,  all  that  is  valuable  upon  that  subject  in  Marshall,  Story  and 
Kent,  The  historic  sketch  of  parties  and  policies,  and  the  influence  of  slavery 
upon  both,  from  the  rise  of  the  Missouri  compromise  onward  to  its  fall,  exhibited 
all  of  Hallam's  fidelity  to  fact,  lighted  up  with  the  warm  coloring  of  Bancroft. 
The  episodical  outline  of  the  Kansas  controversy,  and  of  the  doctrinal  heresy  and 
dangerous  tendency  of  the  Dred  Scott  pronunciamento,  have  never  been  com 
pressed  into  words  so  few  and  weighty.  Nothing  could  be  more  triumphant  than 
his  vindication  of  the  republican  party  from  the  charge  of  sectionalism;  nothing 
more  felicitous  than  his  invitation  to  the  south  to  come  to  New  York  and  pro 
claim  its  doctrines  from  lake  Erie  to  Sag  Harbor,  assuring  its  champions  of  safe 
conduct  in  their  raid  upon  his  constituents ;  while  the  suggestion,  that  if  the  south 


REPUBLICAN   SUCCESS   IN   THE   STATE   ELECTIONS.  73 

would  allow  republicans  the  like  access  to  its  people,  the  party  would  soon  cast  as 
many  votes  below  the  Potomac  as  it  now  does  north  of  that  river,  was  one  of 
those  happy  retorts,  whose  visible  effect  upon  senators  from  the  slave  states  must 
have  been  seen  to  be  appreciated  and  enjoyed.  His  implied  rebuke  of  the  tirade 
against  Helper's  book,  by  quoting  Jefferson's  commendatory  letter  to  Price,  the 
Helper  of  his  day,  and  his  comparison  of  the  attempt  to  implicate,  by  inuendoes, 
others  than  Brown  and  his  companions,  in  their  attack  upon  Harper's  Ferry,  wilh 
like  attempts  to  implicate  innocent  persons  in  the  Salem  witchcraft,  the  Guy 
Fawkes  plot,  and  the  old  colonial  negro  plot,  produced  a  salutary  effect  upon  an 
appreciating  auditory,  though  uttered  in  the  calm  and  measured  language  so  cha 
racteristic  of  the  senator.  And,  finally,  this  masterly  and  successful  speech  was 
closed  by  an  elaborate  and  impressive  exposition,  alike  original,  sincere  and  hearty, 
of  the  manifold  advantages  of  the  Federal  Union,  the  firm  hold  it  has  upon  the 
affections  of  the  people,  the  solid  basis  upon  which  its  pillars  rest,  and  the  cer 
tainty  that  it  will  survive  the  rudest  shocks  of  fanaticism  and  faction."1 

The  spring  elections  of  1860,  throughout  the  north,  were  eminently 
favorable  to  the  republican  cause.  Nearly  every  northern  city  elected 
republican  officers.  The  state  elections  in  New  Hampshire  and  Con 
necticut  and  the  city  elections  in  Chicago  (the  home  of  Senator 
Douglas)  and  in  Philadelphia  were  each  hotly  contested.  The  ad 
ministration  made  every  exertion  that  pecuniary  aid  and  class  terror 
ism  could  employ.  But  the  friends  of  freedom  proved  true,  and 
were  everywhere  successful.  In  Rhode  Island  a  division  among  the 
republicans  on  local  issues  resulted  in  the  election  of  the  irregular 
republican  ticket,  which  had  been  supported  by  the  administration 
forces  who  made  no  peculiar  nomination.  In  the  state  of  New  York, 
the  counties  of  Cayuga  and  St.  Lawrence,  (the  homes  of  Senators 
Seward  and  Preston  King,)  elected  unanimous  republican  boards  of 
supervisors,  and  there  were  large  gains  in  other  counties.  It  was 
estimated  that  prior  to  the  occurrence  of  most  of  these  elections  one 
million  copies  of  Mr.  Seward's  last  speech  had  been  printed  and  cir 
culated  in  the  various  localities. 

Soon  after  the  rash  raid  at  Harper's  Ferry,  some  public  meetings 
had  been  held  in  a  few  cities,  under  the  name  of  Union  meetings, 
composed  mainly  of  citizens  who  had  not  as  yet  been  received  fully 
into  either  of  the  two  parties  of  the  country.  The  speeches  and  res 
olutions  at  these  meetings  denied  the  necessity  of  any  agitation  of 
the  slavery  question  and  deprecated  what  was  called  the  forcing  of 
an  issue  upon  the  people,  which  they  did  not  wish  to  discuss. 

i  Correspondence  of  the  New  York  Tribune. 

VOL.  IV.  10 


74  MEMOIR. 

Although  five  territories  were  about  to  be  organized  by  congressional 
action ;  although  Kansas  was  not  yet  admitted ;  and  notwithstand 
ing  many  southern  congressmen  were  daily  urging  a  slave  code  for  the 
territories,  or  that  the  slave  trade  be  reopened,  a  few  presses  and 
many  timid  citizens  seemed  contented  to  ignore  the  issues  of  the  day 
and  to  be  satisfied  with  vague  resolutions  concerning  the  integrity 
of  the  Union. 

The  meetings  resulted  in  a  gathering  of  very  respectable  citizens 
from  many  states  at  Baltimore  on  the  10th  day  of  May,  1860,  who 
organizing  a  convention,  resolved,  in  substance,  that  the  constitution 
of  the  United  States  was  their  only  platform  of  principles ;  and  pro 
ceeded  to  nominate  for  president  of  the  United  States  John  Bell 
of  Tennessee,  and  for  Yice-President  Edward  Everett  of  Massachu 
setts.  The  convention  assumed  the  name  of  the  "constitutional 
union  party." 

On  the  23d  uay  of  May,  1860,  the  delegates  to  the  national  dem 
ocratic  convention  assembled  at  Charleston,  South  Carolina.  Caleb 
Gushing  of  Massachusetts  was  made  permanent  chairman,  and  for 
more  than  a  week  the  most  violent  debates  and  ingenious  parliamen 
tary  tactics  were  had  over  the  question  of  resolutions  for  a  platform. 
The  delegates  wore  seemingly  divided  into  three  classes ;  one  repre 
senting  the  extreme  southern  views  upon  slavery,  in  regard  to  slaves 
being  property  under — ttre~~constitution  andT  protected  by  its  terms 
in  territories^  another  upholding  the  ..popular-Sovereignty  doctrines 
of  Mr.  Douglas ;  and  a  third  anxious  to  promote  partizan  success  by 
saying  as  little  as_  possible  on  the  engrossing  topic  of  the  day,  except 
in  the  most  ambiguous  and  obscure  manner.  A  combination  of  the 
two  latter  classes  resulted  in  adopting  a  platform  which  reaffirmed 
that  adopted  at  Cincinnati  in  1856,  with  the  addition  of  a  resolution  re 
ferring  the  question  of  slave  property  under  the  constitution  to  the 
supreme  court  of  the  United  States ;  and  two  other  resolutions  con 
cerning  the  acquisition  of  Cuba  and  the  rights  of  citizens  in  foreign 
countries,  which  were  not  remarkable  for  definite  expression.  Upon 
the  adoption  of  this  platform,  the  delegates  from  seven  slave  states 
seceded  and  organized  a  separate  convention. 

The  first  convention,  after  four  days  of  unsuccessful  balloting,  ad 
journed  in  considerable  disorder  to  meet  again  in  Baltimore  on  the 
18th  of  June. 


PRESIDENTIAL   NOMINATIONS  AND   PLATFORMS.  75 

The  seceding  convention  adopted  resolutions  in  its  platform  affirm 
ing  the  right  of  property  in  slaves  in  the  territories,  under  the  con 
stitution  of  the  United  States,  and  the  duty  of  congress  to  protect 
such  property  in  the  territories  and  on  the  high  seas.  This  con 
vention  then  adjourned  to  meet  in  Eichmond  on  the  llth  day  of 
June — one  week  previous  to  the  meeting  of  the  other  convention 
in  Baltimore. 

During  the  recess  of  the  two  conventions,  the  senate  of  the  United 
States  adopted  a  series  of  resolutions,  introduced  by  Senator  Davis, 
of  Mississippi,  embodying  the  principles  of  the  seceders'  platform — 
all  the  democrats  voting  aye.  excepting  Mr.  Pugh.  Mr.  Douglas 
was  absent,  on  account  of  illness.  The  administration,  also,  was- 
understood  to  favor  the  seceders ;  and  the  conflict  which  raged  at 
Charleston  soon  spread  throughout  the  democratic  party.  In  the 
meantime,  new  delegates  were  chosen  to  fill  the  vacancies  caused  by 
the  secession,  which  served  to  increase  the  feud  between  the  con 
tending  factions. 

The  northern  democrats  were  nearly  unanimous  in  favor  of  the 
platform  adopted  by  the  majority  convention,  and  of  Mr.  Douglas 
as  the  candidate  for  president ;  while  the  party  in  the  south  was- 
almost  a  unit  in  favor  of  the  seceders'  platform,  but  divided  as 
to  a  candidate,  although  bitterly  opposed  to  Mr.  Douglas.  In 
striking  contrast  with  this  distracted  condition  of  the  democratic 
party,  the  republicans  were  entirely  harmonious  in  sentiment, 
and  with  no  irreconcilable  differences  as  to  their  candidate  for 
president. 

The  two  factions  of  the  democratic  convention  assembled  again, 
pursuant  to  adjournment — one  at  Eichmond,  on  the  llth  of  June, 
and  the  other,  on  the  18th,  at  Baltimore.  The  former  adjourned  from 
day  to  day,  without  transacting  any  business.  In  the  latter,  the  old 
conflict  between  those  who  would  protect  slavery  everywhere,  and 
those  who  would  not,  was  renewed.  After  a  stormy  debate,  inter 
rupted  by  personal  collisions,  those  who  favored  slavery  protection 
again  seceded,  and  organized  a  separate  convention.  They  were 
joined  by  Caleb  Gushing,  the  chairman  of  the  original  convention. 
The  remaining  members,  with  a  new  presiding  officer,  proceeded  to 
nominate  candidates  for  president  and  vice-president  of  the  United 
States. 


76  MEMOIR. 

Stephen  A.  Douglas  was  nominated  for  president  on  the  second  bal 
lot,  receiving  one  hundred  and  eighty-one  and  a  half  votes  of  the  one 
hundred  and  ninety-four  and  a  half  cast.  Benjamin  Fitzpatrick,  of 
Alabama,  was  named  for  vice-president  He,  however,  declined  the 
nomination,  after  the  convention  had  adjourned,  and  Herschel  V. 
Johnson,  of  Georgia,  was  substituted  by  the  national  democratic 
committee.  The  platform,  as  adopted  by  this  convention  at  its 
session  in  Charleston,  reflects  the  sentiments  of  Senator  Douglas 
and  that  portion  of  the  democratic  party  in  the  northern  states 
who  no  longer  support  all  the  demands  of  the  slave  power. 

The  seceders,  who  held  their  convention  at  the  same  time  in  another 
part  of  the  city,  nominated  for  president  of  the  United  States,  John 
C.  Breckinridge,  of  Kentucky,  and  for  vice-president,  Joseph  Lane, 
of  Oregon,1  and  adopted  as  their  platform,  substantially,  the  one 
rejected  at  Charleston  by  the  original  convention.  It  boldly  denies 
the  power  of  any  territorial  legislature  to  exclude  slavery  from  its 
domain ;  and  maintains  that  it  is  the  duty  of  congress  to  protect 
slavery,  to  the  fullest  extent,  on  the  high  seas,  in  the  territories,  and 
wherever  its  constitutional  power  extends. 

The  second  national  convention  of  the  republican  party,  met  at 
Chicago  on  the  16th  day  of  May,  1860 — the  fifty-ninth  birthday  of 
Mr.  Seward.  The  convention  was  called  to  order  at  noon  by  Gov 
ernor  Morgan,  of  New  York,  the  chairman  of  the  national  committee. 
David  Wilmot,  of  Pennsylvania,  was  chosen  temporary  chairman 
by  a  unanimous  vote.  At  a  subsequent  session  a  permanent  or 
ganization  was  completed  by  the  election  of  George  Ashmun,  of 
Massachusetts,  as  president,  with  twenty-seven  vice-presidents, 
and  as  many  secretaries,  representing  each  state  and  territory  in 
convention.2 

A  platform  of  principles  was  adopted  by  the  convention  with 
great  enthusiasm  and  unanimity.3  It  recognizes  the  great  doctrine 
of  the  declaration  of  independence  "that  all  men  are  created  equal," 

1  Mr.  Breckinridge  received  eighty-one  votes,  and  Daniel  S.   Dickinson   twenty-four.    Mr. 
Lane's  vote  was  unanimous,  one  hundred  and  five. 

2  The  following  table  show?  the  number  of  delegates  in  attendance,  entitled  to  votes,  from 
each   state  and   territory:    Maine,  1(>;  New  Hampshire,  10;  Vermont,  10 ;  Massachusetts,  9H; 
Rhode  Island,  8;  Connecticut.  12:  New  York,  70;  New  Jersey.  14  ;  Pennsylvania  54  •  Marvland 
11;  Delaware,  <>:  Virginia.  23;  Kentucky,  23 ;  Ohio,  40;  Indiana,  26 ;  Missouri,  18;  Michigan] 
12;  Illinois,  22;  Wisconsin.  10:  Iowa.  8;  California,  8:  Minnesota,  8;  Oregon.  5:  Texas,  6- 
Kansas,  (i ;  Nebraska,  <> :  District  Columbia,  2.     Total.  4(i(5.    Pennsylvania,  Iowa  and  New  Jersey 
eent  a  larger  number  of  delegates,  but  were  only  entitled  to  vote  as  stated  above. 

3  See  Appendix. 


REPUBLICAN   NATIONAL   CONVENTION — NOMINATIONS. 


and  declares  that  the  normal  condition  of  all  the  territories  is  that 
of  freedom  ;  and  denies  the  authority  of  congress,  of  a  territorial 
legislature,  or  of  any  individuals,  to  give  legal  existence  to  slavery 
in  any  territory  of  the  United  States. 

On  the  third  day  of  the  session  the  convention  proceeded  to  ballot 
for  candidates  for  president  and  vice-president  of  the  United  States. 
On  the  first  ballot  for  president,  the  votes  were  divided  as  follows  : 


For  William  H.  Seward,  of  New  York, 

"     Abraham  Lincoln,  of  Illinois,  ...................................  102 

"     Edward  Bates,  of  Missouri,  ....................................  48 

"     Simon  Cameron,  of  Pennsylvania  ...............................  50} 

"     John  McLean,  of  Ohio,  .........................................  12 

"     Salmon  P.  Chase,  of  Ohio,  ......................................  49 

"     Benjamin  F.  Wade,  of  Ohio,  .'  ................  ...................  3 

"     William  L.  Dayton,  of  New  Jersey,  ..............................  14 

"     John  M.  Read,  of  Pennsylvania,  .................................  1 

"     Jacob  Collamer,  of  Vermont,  ....................................  1Q 

u     Charles  Sumner,  of  Massachusetts,  ...............................  1 

"     John  C.  Fremont,  of  California,  ..................................  1 

Whole  number  of  votes  cast,  465;  necessary  to  a  choice,  233. 

The  following  table  exhibits  the  vote  of  each  state  on  the  first  ballot  : 


STATES. 

Seward. 

Lincoln. 

Wade. 

Cameron. 

« 
1 

McLean. 

OS 
£ 

<o 
0 

1 
£>> 

OS 

Q 

Sumner. 

Fremont. 

Collamer. 

Maine                          .              

10 

H 

New  Hampshire                                   .   ... 

1 

7 

1 

1 

10 

Massachusetts,  

9,1 

4 

Rhode  Island                     

1 

5 

1 

1 

Connecticut                                          

9 

1 

7 

<> 

New  York 

70 

New  Jersey,     

14 

Pennsylvania,  
Maryland 

V 

4 

47# 

-8 

1 

g 

Virginia,       

8 

14 

1 

Kentucky,  
Ohio                                       .       .          .       . 

5 

6 

8 

2 

•• 

1 
4 

• 

8 
<VI 

•• 

1 

% 

Missouri,        

18 

Alichio-an                  

19, 

Illinois                                    

99 

Texas 

4 

2 

10 

' 

Iowa,  

2 

2 

1 

1 

1 

1 

California                  .          

8 

Minnesota,  

8 

5 

Kansas,        

fi 

Nebraska,              

9, 

1 

1 

0 

District  Columbia,  

9, 

There  being  no  choice  a  second  ballot  was  taken,  Mr.   Seward 
receiving  one  hundred  and  eighty-four  and  one- half  votes,  and  Mr. 


78  MEMOIR. 

Lincoln  one  hundred  and  eighty-one;  scattering,  ninety-nine  and 
one-half.  A  third  ballot  resulted  in  the  nomination  of  Mr.  Lincoln. 
Mr.  Seward  received  on  this  ballot  one  hundred  and  eighty  votes ; 
Mr.  Lincoln  two  hundred  and  thirty-one  and  one-half;  Mr.  Bates 
twenty-two ;  Mr.  Chase  twenty-four  and  one-half;  Mr.  McLean  five  ; 
Mr.  Dayton  one ;  C.  M.  Clay  one.  Before  the  result  of  the  voting 
was  announced  Mr.  Lincoln's  vote  was  increased,  by  changes,  to  three 
hundred  and  sixty  four. 

The  states  which  cast  a  majority  of  their  respective  votes  for  Mr. 
Seward  on  the  last  ballot  were  Maine,  Massachusetts,  New  York, 
Michigan,  Wisconsin,  Minnesota,  California,  Texas,  Kansas  territory 
and  the  District  of  Columbia. 

At  the  close  of  the  third  ballot,  when  the  result  had  been  an 
nounced,  Mr.  Evarts,  chairman  of  the  New  York  delegation,  moved 
that  the  nomination  of  Abraham  Lincoln,  of  Illinois,  as  the  repub 
lican  candidate  for  president  of  the  United  States,  be  made  unani 
mous.  His  motion  was  seconded  by  Mr.  John  A.  Andrew,  of 
Massachusetts,  Mr.  Carl  Schurz,  of  Wisconsin,  and  Mr.  Austin  Blair, 
of  Michigan,  and  adopted  by  the  convention.1 

Hannibal  Hamlin,  of  Maine,  was  nominated  for  vice-president. 
On  the  first  ballot  he  received  one  hundred  and  ninety-four  votes ; 
Cassius  M.  Clay,  of  Kentucky,  one  hundred  and  one  and  one-half; 
John  Hickman,  of  Pennsylvania,  fifty-eight ;  A.  H.  Reeder,  of  Penn 
sylvania,  fifty-one;  1ST.  P.  Banks,  of  Massachusetts,  thirty-eight  and 
one-half;  H.  Winter  Davis,  of  Maryland,  eight;  Sam  Houston,  of 
Texas,  six ;  W.  L.  Dayton,  of  New  Jersey,  three ;  John  M.  Eead, 
of  Pennsylvania,  on.e.  On  the  second  and  last  ballot,  Mr.  Hamlin 
received  three  hundred  and  sixty -seven  votes ;  Mr.  Clay  eighty-six  , 
Mr.  Hickman  thirteen.  Mr.  Hamlin's  nomination  was  then  made 
unanimous. 

These  nominations,  as  well  as  the  platform  adopted  by  the  conven 
tion,  received  the  cordial  approval  of  Mr.  Seward.  In  private  and 
in  public  he  promptly  gave  them  his  hearty  indorsement.  On  the 
day  on  which  the  nominations  were  made  he  wrote  for  the  Auburn 
Daily  Advertiser,  as  follows : 

1  For  the   eloquent  remarks   made  by  these  gentlemen,  and  others,  at  the  time,  see  Ap- 


PRESIDENTIAL  NOMINATIONS — 1860.  79 

"  Xo  truer  exposition  of  the  republican  creed  could  be  given,  than  the  platform 
adopted  by  the  convention  contains.  No  truer  or  firmer  defenders  of  the  repub 
lican  faith  could  have  been  found  in  the  Union,  than  the  distinguished  and  esteemed 
citizens  on  whom  the  honors  of  the  nomination  have  fallen.  Their  election,  we 
trust,  by  a  decisive  majority,  will  restore  the  government  of  the  United  States  to 
its  constitutional  and  ancient  course.  Let  the  watchword  of  the  republican  party, 
then,  be  Union  and  Liberty,  and  onward  to  victory." 

Two  days  afterwards  lie  addressed  the  following  reply  to  a  letter 
from  the  central  republican  committee  of  the  city  of  New  York  :' 

"  AUBURN,  May  21,  1860. 

"  GENTLEMEN  :  I  will  not  affect  to  conceal  the  sensibility  with  which  I  have 
received  the  letters  in  which  you  and  so  many  other  respected  friends  have  ten 
dered  to  me  expressions  of  renewed  and  enduring  confidence.  These  letters  will 
remain  witb  me  as  assurances  in  future  years  that,  although  I  was  not  unwilling 
to  await,  even  for  another  age,  the  vindication  of  my  political  principles,  yet  that 
they  did  nevertheless  receive  the  generous  support  of  many  good,  wise  and  patri 
otic  men  of  my  own  time. 

"  Such  assurances,  however  made,  under  the  circumstances  now  existing,  derive 
their  priceless  value  largely  from  the  fact  that  they  steal  upon  me  through  the 
channels  of  private  correspondence,  and  altogether  unknown  to  the  world.  You 
will  at  once  perceive  that  such  expressions  would  become  painful  to  me,  and  justly 
offensive  to  the  community,  if  they  should  be  allowed  to  take  on  any  public  or 
conventional  form  of  manifestation.  For  this  reason,  if  it  were  respectful  and  con 
sistent  with  your  own  public  purposes,  I  would  have  delayed  my  reply  to  you 
until  I  could  have  had  an  opportunity  of  making  it  verbally  next  week  on  my 
way  to  Washington,  after  completing  the  arrangements  for  the  repairs  upon  my 
dwelling  here,  rendered  necessary  by  a  recent  fire. 

The  same  reason  determines  me  also  to  decline  your  kind  invitation  to  attend 
the  meeting  in  which  you  propose  some  demonstrations  of  respect  to  myself,  while 
so  justly  considering  the  nominations  which  have  been  made  by  the  recent  na 
tional  convention  at  Chicago.  At  the  same  time,  it  is  your  right  to  have  a  frank 
and  candid  exposition  of  my  own  opinions  and  sentiments  on  that  important 
subject. 

My  friends  know  very  well  that,  while  they  have  always  generously  made  my 
promotion  to  public  trusts  their  own  exclusive  care,  mine  has  only  been  to  execute 
them  faithfully,  so  as  to  be  able,  at  the  close  of  their  assigned  terms,  to  resign 
them  into  the  hands  of  the  people  without  forfeiture  of  the  public  confidence. 
The  presentation  of  my  name  to  the  Chicago  convention  was  thus  their  act, 
not  mine.  The  disappointment,  therefore,  is  their  disappointment,  not  mine.  It 
may  have  found  them  unprepared.  On  the  other  hand,  I  have  no  sentiment  either 
of  disappointment  or  discontent;  for  who,  in  any  possible  case,  could,  without 
presumption,  claim  that  a  great  national  party  ought  to  choose  him  for  its  candi 
date  for  the  first  office  in  the  gift  of  the  American  people  ?  I  find  in  the  resolu- 

1  See  Appendix  for  the  committee's  letter. 


80  MEMOIR. 

tions  of  the  convention  a  platform  as  satisfactory  to  me  as  if  it  had  been  framed 
with  my  own  hands,  and  in  the  candidates  adopted  by  it,  eminent  and  able  repub 
licans,  with  whom  I  have  cordially  co-operated  in  maintaining  the  principles 
embodied  in  that  excellent  creed.  I  cheerfully  give  them  a  sincere  and  earnest 
support. 

I  trust,  moreover,  that  those  with  whom  I  have  labored  so  long  that  common 
service  in  a  noble  cause  has  created  between  them  and  myself  relations  of  per 
sonal  friendship  unsurpassed  in  the  experience  of  political  men,  will  indulge  me  in 
a  confident  belief  that  no  sense  of  disappointment  will  be  allowed  by  them  to 
hinder  or  delay,  or  in  any  way  embarrass,  the  progress  of  that  cause  to  the  con 
summation  which  is  demanded  by  a  patriotic  regard  to  the  safety  and  welfare  of 
the  country  and  the  best  interests  of  mankind.  I  am,  sincerely  and  respectfully, 
your  friend  and  obedient  servant,  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD. 

Congress  adjourned  on  the  25th  June,  1860,  refusing  to  admit  Kansas 
into  the  Union,  to  enact  a  proper  tariff,  or  to  pass  a  homestead  act.1 

Mr.  Seward  labored  diligently  to  secure  all  these  great  measures. 
His  speech  on  the  admission  of  Kansas  has  already  been  noticed. 
In  a  brief  speech  on  the  tariif,  he  especially  protested  against  a  post 
ponement  of  the  question,  remarking  that — 

"  The  proposition  to  postpone  involves  the  question  of  the  true  value  of  our 
present  time,  and  also  leads  us  to  consider  the  prospects  of  'a  more  favorable  sea 
son  at  the  next  session  of  congress.  We  are  here,"  he  said,  "  in  the  middle  of  the 
month  of  June,  which  is  yet  one,  or  two,  or  even  three  months  earlier  than  con 
gress  has  been  accustomed  to  adjourn.  Before  the  adoption  of  the  present  salary 
system,  no  man  would  have  felt  himself  bound  to  put  off  this  question  of  a  tariff, 
at  this  season  of  the  year,  because  of  a  want  of  time.  It  is  now  of  no  conse 
quence,  as  a  question  of  economy,  to  the  public  at  all  whether  we  sit  here  till 
August  or  adjourn  to-day.  If  we  have  not  time  enough  to  consider  this  question, 
somebody  is  responsible  for  that  lack  of  time.  Who  is  responsible  ?  We  were  at 
liberty  to  sit  here  till  the  month  of  December  next.  But  ten  days  ago  a  majority 
of  the  senate — a  majority  of  whom  were  understood  to  be  opposed  to  this  princi 
ple  of  protection — fixed  an  arbitrary  period,  and  shortened  up  the  time  of  con 
gress  until  Monday  next,  with  the  full  knowledge  that  this  question  was  to  be 
acted  upon." 

But  his  counsels,  joined  with  those  of  Mr.  Cameron  and  other 
republican  senators,  were  unheeded,  and  the  subject  was  postponed. 

The  attention  of  congress  was,  several  times  and  in  various  ways, 
called  to  the  alarming  increase  of  the  African  slave  trade.  A  pro- 

i  A  compromise  homestead  bill  passed  both  houses,  but  was  vetoed  by  the  president.  The 
vote  in  the  senate,  by  which  Kansas  was  kept,  out  of  the  Union,  stood  twenty-seven  tc  thirty- 
two—Messrs.  Bigler  and  Pujjh  voting  with  the  republicans.  Messrs.  Douglas  and  Crittendeu 
\vcre  absent — the  former  having  paired  with  Mr.  Clay,  of  Alabama.  The  house  voted  to  admit, 
by  ayes  one  hundred  and  thirty-four,  nays  seventy-three. 


VISIT   TO   NEW   ENGLAND — RECEPTION   AT   BOSTON.  81 

position  was  made  in  the  senate  to  amend  the  naval  appropriation 
bill  so  as  to  provide  three  steam  vessels  for  its  suppression.  Mr. 
Seward  warmly  advocated  the  motion,  but  it  failed,  by  yeas  eighteen/ 
nays  twenty-five.  He  availed  himself  of  the  occasion,  however,  to 
call  the  attention  of  the  country  to  an  elaborate  bill  that  he  had 
submitted  to  the  senate,  at  a  previous  session,  for  arresting  the  slave 
trade,  which  he  pledged  himself  to  bring  to  the  consideration  of  the 
senate  at  the  next  meeting  of  congress. 

Congress  also  neglected  to  adopt  any  decisive  measures  for  con 
structing  a  railroad  to  the  Pacific  ocean,  and  curtailed  the  mail  facili 
ties  already  existing  between  California  and  the  eastern  states.  A 
large  portion  of  the  time  of  the  senate,  as  well  as  that  of  the  house, 
was  occupied  in  debates  on  the  subject  of  slavery.  The  resolutions 
of  Mr.  Jefferson  Davis,  and  those  of  Mr.  Douglas,  consumed  several 
weeks  of  the  session  in  the  senate,  while  the  delay  in  electing  a 
speaker,  and  the  discussion  of  the  resolution  offered  by  Mr.  Clark, 
of  Missouri,  in  the  house,  seemed  to  leave  little  opportunity  for  the 
consideration  and  disposal  of  various  important  practical  measures, 
awaiting  the  action  of  congress. 

Avoiding  the  usual  summer  resorts,  Mr.  Seward  sought  recreation 
during  the  month  of  July  (1860),  in  brief  visits  to  cherished  friends 
in  "Vermont,  Maine,  and  Massachusetts.  He  was  unable  to  escape 
public  attentions  on  the  way,  but  was  interrupted  at  various  places 
with  popular  demonstrations  of  respect  and  affection.  At  Windsor 
and  Bellows  Falls,  in  Yermont ;  Keene  and  Dover,  in  New  Hampshire ; 
Bangor  and  Portland,  in  Maine,  and  many  lesser  places,  large  crowds 
of  people  assembled  to  greet  him.  The  public  authorities  of  the 
states,  cities  and  towns  welcomed  his  appearance  among  them.  Mr. 
Seward  spoke  briefly  in  response  to  the  addresses  that  were  made  to 
him,  eliciting  hearty  applause.  After  a  brief  stay  with  his  friend, 
Israel  Washburn,  Jr.,1  Mr.  Seward  proceeded  homeward  through  the 
state  of  Massachusetts.  At  Boston  he  was  received  with  distin 
guished  honor.  The  governor  of  the  state2  presented  him  to  the 
people,  in  a  complimentary  speech,  which  was  received  by  them  with 
repeated  expressions  of  cordial  sympathy.  Brief  addresses  were  also 
made  by  Charles  Francis  Adams  and  Henry  Wilson,  who  had  accom 
panied  Mr.  Seward  from  the  depot  to  the  Revere  House.  A  band 

• 

i  Since  elected  governor  of  the  state  of  Maine.  2  Nathaniel  P.  Banks.    See  Appendix. 

VOL.  IV.  11 


82  MEMOIR. 

of  music  played  several  national  airs ;  and,  although  it  was  nearly 
midnight,  the  crowd  listened  to  Mr.  Seward's  speech  with  singular 
enthusiasm.  Mr.  Seward  spoke  as  follows : 

"  CITIZENS  OF  BOSTON— OF  MASSACHUSETTS  :  I  have  heard  your  explanation  from 
my  excellent  arid  esteemed  friend,  the  chief  magistrate  of  your  state.  Something, 
however,  seems  to  me  to  be  due  from  myself,  to  you  and  to  the  country,  for  the 
unexpected  surprise  which  has  overtaken  me.  It  is  so  contrary  to  the  habit  of 
my  whole  life  to  be  arrested  on  a  journey  which  had  for  its  object  but  the  per 
formance  of  a  duty  of  friendship,  and  was  commenced  and  prosecuted,  and  hoped 
to  be  ended,  in  a  manner  entirely  private,  that  I  am  sure  some  explanation  will 
be  expected  of  me.  That  explanation  is  a  very  simple  one.  I  have  made  a  great 
mistake.  I  have  committed  a  great  blunder.  I  have  been  very  weak.  My  first 
mistake  was  in  supposing  that  it  was  safe  to  trust  myself  on  a  railroad  through 
New  England  and  down  east,  instead  of  the  telegraph.  I  found  out  my  mistake 
only  when  it  was  too  late ;  for  although  I  succeeded  in  finding  the  wide-awakes 
at  Bangor  fast  asleep  in  the  middle  of  the  day,  yet  I  very  quickly  discovered  that 
they  woke  up  quite  too  soon  for  the  convenience  of  a  quiet  traveler.  I  certainly 
have  not  besought,  and  have  not  desired,  any  demonstration  of  consideration  at 
the  hands  of  my  fellow  citizens.  There  are  many  reasons  why  I  prefer  to  seek  the 
satisfaction  of  the  attempt  to  perform  my  duty,  in  my  own  conscience  and  not  in 
the  acclamations  of  my  fellow  men ;  but  it  is  God's  will  that  we  must  be  over 
ruled  and  disappointed,  and  I  have  submitted  with  such  graciousness  as  I  can. 

"  Fellow  citizens,  I  have  endeavored,  all  along  the  road — for  this,  I  think,  is  the 
seventh  or  eighth  time  that  I  have  been  called  out  to  meet  a  kind  and  cordial 
welcome  on  this  day  only — I  have  endeavored  to  accommodate  myself  to  this 
form  of  reception  by  treating  it  as  a  light  and  trivial  affair,  trusting  that  those  who 
have  been  so  exceedingly  kind  to  me  would  believe,  after  all,  that  there  was  grati 
tude,  unexpressed  and  strong,  concealed  under  the  face  of  a  simple,  honest  good 
nature.  But,  fellow  citizens,  the  case  is  altered  when  I  come  upon  the  soil  of 
Massachusetts.  I  cannot  say  that  I  have  a  veneration,  though  I  have  a  profound 
affection,  for  Vermont.  Her  statesmen  are  not  my  teachers — her  people  are  but 
my  equals.  Although  I  honor  them  and  respect  and  love  them  for  their  fidelity  to 
the  interests  of  their  country  and  to  the  cause  of  justice  and  humanity,  they  are 
still  but  my  fellow  laborers  in  the  vineyard.  I  can  say  the  same  of  New  Hamp 
shire,  that  I  know  none  of  her  statesmen  or  her  sons  who  were  earlier  in  the  field 
than  the  statesmen  and  sons  of  New  York.  I  can  say  the  same  of  the  state  of 
Maine,  which  I  have  visited— great  and  honorable  as  the  works  are  which  have 
been  done  in  those  states  by  the  champions  of  human  rights.  I  am  their  equal  ; 
I  have  received  their  cordial  welcome  as  an  expression  of  esteem  and  kindness. 
But  it  is  altogether  different  in  the  state  of  Massachusetts.  Here  I  can  play  no 
part ;  I  can  affect  no  disguise ;  because,  although  not  a  son  of  Massachusetts,  nor 
even  of  Mew  England  born,  I  feel  and  know  it  my  duty  to  confess  that  if  I  have 
ever  studied  the  interests  of  my  country,  and  of  humanity,  I  have  studied  in  the 
sdiool  of  Massachusetts.  If  I  have  ever  conceived  a  resolution  to  maintain  the 
rights  and  interests  of  these  free  states  in  the  union  of  the  confederacy,  I  learned 
it  from  Massachusetts. 


SPEECH  AT  BOSTON — VISIT  TO   QUINCY.  83 

(  "It  was  twenty-two  years  ago,  not  far  from  this  season,  when  a  distinguished 
and  venerable  statesman  of  Massachusetts  had  retired  to  his  home,  a  few  miles  in 
the  suburbs  of  your  city,  under  the  censure  of  his  fellow  citizens,  driven  home  by 
the  peltings  of  remorseless  pro-slavery  people,  that  I,  younger  then,  of  course, 
than  I  am  now,  made  a  pilgrimage,  which  was  not  molested  on  my  way,  to  the 
Sage  of  Quincy,  there  to  learn  from  him  what  became  a  citizen  of  the  United 
States,  in  view  of  the  deplorable  condition  of  the  intelligence  and  sentiment  ot 
the  country,  demoralized  by  the  power  of  slavery.  Thence  I  have  derived  every 
resolution,  every  sentiment,  that  has  animated  and  inspired  me  in  the  performance 
of  my  duty  as  a  citizen  of  the  United  States,  all  the  intervening  time.  I  know, 
-'ndeed,  that  those  sentiments  have  not  always  been  popular,  even  in  the  state  of 
Massachusetts.  I  know  that  citizens  of  Massachusetts,  as  well  as  citizens  of  other 
states,  have  attempted  to  drive  the  disciples  of  that  illustrious  teacher  from  their 
policy.  But  it  is  to-night  that  I  am  free  to  confess  that  whenever  any  man, 
wherever  he  might  be  found,  whether  he  was  of  northern  or  southern  birth, 
whether  he  was  of  the  'solid  men  of  Boston,'  or  of  the  light  men  of  Mississippi, 
has  assailed  me  for  the  maintenance  of  those  doctrines,  I  have  sought  to  com 
mune  with  his  spirit,  and  to  learn  from  him  whether  the  thing  in  which  I  was 
engaged  was  worthy  to  be  done.  What  a  commentary  upon  the  wisdom  of  man 
is  given  in  this  single  fact,  that  fifteen  years  only  after  the  death  of  John  Quincy 
Adams  the  people  of  the  United  States,  who  hurled  him  from  power  and  from 
place,  are  calling  to  the  head  of  the  nation,  to  the  very  seat  from  which  he  was 
-expelled,  Abraham  Lincoln,  whose  claim  to  that  seat  is  that  he  confesses  the  obli 
gation  of  that  higher  law  which  the  Sage  of  Quincy  proclaimed,  and  that  he  avows 
himself,  for  weal  or  wo,  for  life  or  death,  a  soldier  on  the  side  of  freedom  in  the 
irrepressible  conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery.  , 

"  This,  gentlemen,  is  my  simple  confession.  I  desire,  now,  only  to  say  to  you, 
that  you  have  arrived  at  the  last  stage  of  this  conflict  before  you  reach  the  tri 
umph  which  is  to  inaugurate  this  great  policy  into  the  government  of  the  United 
States.  You  will  bear  yourselves  manfully.  It  behooves  you,  solid  men  of  Bos 
ton,  if  such  are  here — and  if  the  solid  men  are  not  here,  then  the  lighter  men  of 
Massachusetts — to  bear  onward  and  forward,  first  in  the  ranks,  the  flag  of  freedom. 

"But  let  not  your  thoughts  or  expectations  be  confined  to  the  present  hour. 
I  tell  you,  fellow  citizens,  that  with  this  victory  comes  the  end  of  the  power  of 
slavery  in  the  United  States.  I  think  I  may  assume  that  a  democrat  is  a  man 
who  maintains  the  creed  of  one  or  the  other  branch  of  the  democratic  party,  as 
it  is  confessed  at  the  present  day.  Assuming  this  to  be  correct,  I  tell  you,  in  all 
sincerity,  that  the  last  democrat  in  the  United  States  has  been  already  born. 

"  Gentlemen,  it  remains  only  to  thank  you  for  this  kind  reception,  and  to  express 
my  best  wishes  for  your  individual  health  and  happiness,  and  for  the  prosperity 
and  greatness  of  your  noble  city  and  most  ancient  and  honored  state." 

Mr.  Seward  passed  a  day  at  Quincy  with  Charles  Francis  Adams, 
visiting  the  old  homestead  and  the  tombs  of  John  Quincy  Adams  and 
John  Adams.  The  remainder  of  his  journey  homeward  was  inter 
rupted  only  by  the  hearty  greetings  of  the  people. 


84  MEMOIR 

As  the  presidential  canvass  advanced,  a  universal  apathy  seemed 
to  prevail,  and  the  democratic  party  began  to  be  sanguine  of  success. 
Invitations  now  pressed  upon  Mr.  Seward,  chiefly  from  his  most 
devoted  friends,  to  enter  the  campaign.  Influenced  by  these  appeals, 
he  left  home  on  the  last  day  of  August.  At  Lockport,  at  Niagara 
Falls,  and  at  other  places,  both  in  New  York  and  in  Canada,  on  his 
way  to  Michigan,  he  met  with  a  variety  of  public  demonstrations,  to 
which  he  responded  in  brief  acknowledgments.  At  Detroit,  where 
he  arrived  on  the  evening  of  the  3d  of  September,  great  preparations 
had  been  made  for  his  reception.  He  was  escorted  from  the  boat  to 
his  lodgings  by  a  grand  torchlight  procession.  The  display  was- 
brilliant  and  imposing,  and  the  entire  population  of  the  city  seemed 
to  be  in  the  streets.  On  reaching  the  house  of  Senator  Chandler, 
Mr.  Seward  was  introduced  to  the  people,  who  had  gathered  there, 
by  his  associate,  in  a  few  appropriate  remarks.  After  some  playful 
talk  about  the  absurdity  of  his  requiring  any  introduction  to  the 
citizens  of  Detroit,  Mr.  Seward  said : 

"  It  is  a  surprise,  fellow  citizens,  to  be  received  in  this  city,  which  I  honor  and 
love  so  much,  with  demonstrations  of  kindness — I  had  almost  said  affection — such 
as  could  not  have  been  surpassed,  I  think,  in  the  province  through  which  I  have 
passed  to-day,  on  the  visit  of  its  hereditary  prince  and  governor.  If  I  do  not  say 
how  much  I  am  gratified,  how  deeply  this  welcome  affects  me,  please  to  under 
stand  that  I  can  find  no  words  in  which  to  express  my  acknowledgments ;  so  take 
what  the  tongue  seems  to  suppress  for  what  the  heart  confesses.  I  have  said,  in 
my  inmost  soul,  long  ago,  that  the  wishes  of  the  republican  people  of  Michigan 
should  be  with  me,  in  all  practical  points,  equivalent  to  a  command.  You  have 
called  me  here,  not  to  speak  of  yourselves  nor  of  myself,  but  to  discuss  the  great 
interests  of  our  country  involved  in  the  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln  to  the  office 
of  President  of  the  United  States.  I  have  come,  cheerfully,  gladly,  proudly,  in 
obedience  to  your  command.  To-morrow  I  will  hear  from  you  what  you  think 
of  that  important  question,  and  then  I  will,  to  those  who  may  choose  to  listen  to 
me,  explain  my  view  of  the  condition  and  prospects  and  hopes  of  the  republican 
party  of  the  country.  Until  then,  fellow  citizens,  I  hope  that  my  respected  and 
esteemed  brethren  of  the  wide-awake  association1,  who  have  done  me  the  com 
pliment  of  electing  me  a  member,  will  allow  me  to  go  to  sleep,  whatever  they 
may  do  for  the  rest  of  the  night ;  and  to-morrow  I  promise  to  perform  a  soldier's 
duty  in  their  association." 

i  The  "  Wide- A  wakes,"  of  whom  mention  is  frequently  made  in  these  pages,  were  an  associa 
tion  peculiar  to  the  campaign  of  1860,  originating  early  "in  that  year  in  Hartford,  Connecticut. 
Composed  mostly  of  young  men,  they  organized  with  uniforms  and  military  discipline,  bearing 
in  their  evening  parades,  each  man,  a  torch.  Wherever  the  republican  party  existed,  the  wide 
awakes  were  a  certain  element. 


KECEPTIOX   AND   SPEECHES   AT   DETROIT.  85 

On  the  following  day,  Mr.  Seward  delivered  an  able  and  elaborate 
speech  to  one  of  the  largest  audiences  ever  assembled  in  the  United 
States.  This  speech  was  published  simultaneously  the  next  morning 
in  the  newspapers  of  New  York,  Boston,  Philadelphia,  Cincinnati, 
Chicago,  and  Detroit,  and  afterward  copied  into  all  the  principal 
republican  journals  in  the  Union,  and,  both  in  tone  and  argument, 
gave  to  the  whole  canvass  its  marked  characteristics  of  dignity  and 
patriotism,  unknown  in  any  previous  presidential  election.  It  will 
be  found  in  this  volume,  under  the  title  of  "  The  National  Diverg 
ence  and  Eeturn." 

In  the  evening  of  the  same  day,  Mr.  Seward  was  honored  with 
another  grand  procession  of  wide-awakes  gathered  from  the  inte 
rior  of  the  state  and  the  shores  of  lake  Erie.  Halting  in  front  of 
his  lodgings,  they  were  addressed  by  him  as  follows : 

"  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  If  I  appear  in  obedience  to  your  call  to-night,  I  hope  it 
will  only  be  a  new  illustration  of  an  old  practice  of  mine,  never  to  give  up  an 
honest  and  virtuous  attempt,  though  I  may  fail  in  it  the  first  time.  I  tried  to-day 
and  utterly  failed  to  make  the  republicans  of  Michigan  hear,  and  now,  in  obedi 
ence  to  your  call  to-night,  renew  the  effort.  The  end  of  a  great  national  debate 
:s  at  hand.  It  is  now  upon  us,  and  the  simple  reason  is  that  the  people  have 
become  at  last  attentive,  willing  to  be  convinced,  and  satisfied  of  the  soundness 
of  the  republican  faith.  It  has  been  a  task.  We  had  first  to  reach  the  young 
through  the  prejudices  of  the  old.  I  have  never  expected  my  own  age  and  gene 
ration  to  relinquish  the.prejudices  in  which  they  and  I  were  born.  I  have  ex 
pected,  as  has  been  the  case  heretofore  in  the  history  of  mankind,  that  the  old 
would  remain  unconverted,  and  that  the  great  work  of  reformation  and  progress 
would  rest  with  the  young.  That  has  come  at  last ;  for  though  the  democratic 
party  have  denied  the  ascendency  and  obligations  of  the  '  higher  law,'  still  they 
bear  testimony  to  it  in  their  persons,  if  not  in  their  conversation.  Democrats  die 
in  obedience  to  'higher  law,'  and  republicans  are  born,  and  will  be  born,  and  none 
but  republicans  will  be  born  in  the  United  States  after  the  year  of  1860.  The 
first  generation  of  the  young  men  of  the  country  educated  in  the  republican  faith 
has  appeared  in  your  presence,  by  a  strong  and  bold  demonstrative  representation 
to-night.  It  is  the  young  men  who  constitute  the  wide-awake  force.  Ten  years 
.ago,  and  twenty  years  ago,  the  young  men  were  incapable  of  being  organized. 
Four  years  ago  they  were  organized  for  the  distraction  of  the  country  and  the 
republican  cause.  To-day  the  young  men  of  the  United  States  are  for  the  first 
time  on  the  side  of  freedom  against  slavery.  Go  on,  then,  and  do  your  work. 
Put  this  great  cause  into  the  keeping  of  your  great,  honest,  worthy  leader,  Abra 
ham  Lincoln.  Believe  me  sincere  when  I  say,  that  if  it  had  devolved  upon  me 
to  select  from  all  men  in  the  United  States  a  man  to  whom  I  should  confide  the 
standard  of  this  cause — which  is  the  object  for  which  I  have  lived  and  laborc  d 
.and  for  which  I  would  be  willing  to  die — that  man  would  have  been  Abraham 
Lincoln.'' 


86  MEMOIR. 

From  Detroit,  Mr.  Seward  went  to  Lansing,  the  capital  of  the 
state.  At  Fontiac,  Owosso,  and  St.  Johns,  on  the  route,  the  people 
came  together  in  great  numbers  to  greet  him.  At  De  Witt  he  was 
met  by  a  cavalcade  of  wide-awakes  and  citizens,  who  escorted  him 
into  Lansing.  As  the  procession,  with  music  and  banners,  entered 
the  city,  it  presented  a  highly  imposing  appearance.  The  citizens 
had  assembled  in  front  of  the  capitol,  awaiting  the  arrival  of  their 
guest.  Mr.  Seward  was  there  met  by  the  committee  of  reception, 
and.  welcomed  to  the  city.  In  reply  to  an  eloquent  address1  from 
J.  M.  Longyear,  the  chairman  of  the  committee,  Mr.  Seward  said : 

"  That  his  errand  at  Lansing  was  not  wholly  that  of  a  politician — that  he  had 
come  among  them  well  knowing  that  the  access  must  be  through  a  new  country, 
and  over  rough  roads,  to  enjoy  in  part  the  pleasure  of  looking  upon  a  city,  now  in 
ks  beginning,  the  capital  of  a  flourishing  state,  which,  within  the  lives  of  his  chil 
dren,  was  destined  to  become  a  populous  and  powerful  metropolis.  He  saw  around 
him  the  elements  and  assurances  of  its  growth  and  ultimate  greatness,  and  he  felt 
that  his  time  had  not  been  wasted,  nor  his  labor  lost,  in  making  this  visit ;  he 
hoped  the  citizens  of  Lansing,  of  all  parties,  for  that  day  might  look  upon  him 
as  a  private  man,  their  personal  friend,  their  invited  guest — to-morrow  would  be 
soon  enough  for  them  to  regard  him  as  the  politician,  or  for  him  to  employ  his 
time  in  talking  upon  political  matters. 

In  reply  to  the  reminiscence  of  Mr.  Longyear,  in  reference  to  G-ov.  Seward's 
reception  of  John  Quincy  Adams  under  similar  circumstances,  Mr.  Seward  said : 
"  I  had  arisen  that  morning  at  five  o'clock,  and  I  found  Mr.  Adams  already  up  and 
writing.  He  asked  me  who  was  to  address  him  that  day.  I  answered  that  that 
duty  had  been  assigned  to  me.  He  said  that  it  would  be  a  favor  to  him  if  I  could 
show  him  the  address  I  proposed  to  make.  I  repaired  to  my  library,  and  having 
hastily  written  my  speech,  I  returned  and  gave  the  manuscript  to  him.  The  '  old 
man  eloquent'  read  it  over  by  himself;  then,  handing  it  back  to  me,  he  said: 
'Ah,  Governor  Seward,  seeing  your  speech  only  increases  my  embarrassment. 
I  cannot  answer  that  speech.'  You  will  not  hesitate  to  believe  me,"  said  Mr.  Sew 
ard,  "when  I  confess  that  now,  when  you  have  applied  the  address  to  myself,  I  find 
it,  as  my  own  speech,  unanswerable,  as  John  Quincy  Adams  did  when  it  was 
submitted  to  him."  2 

The  next  day,  the  population  of  that  new  region  gathered  to  wel 
come  him.  Mr.  Seward  addressed  them  at  length,  but  only  a  sketch 
of  his  speech  has  been  preserved.  He  said : 

"  I  know  errors,  but  not  enemies.  I  shall,  therefore,  speak  of  principles,  and 
not  of  men.  While  you  think  1  have  come  here  to  instruct  you,  I  have,  in  fact, 
come  to  complete  my  own  education.  I  wanted  to  see  for  myself  how  an 

i  See  Appendix.  2  See  Vol.  III.,  p.  236. 


THE   SPEECH  AT  LANSING.  87 

American  state  is  planted,  organized,  perfected — a  vigorous  American  state.     I 
see  it  all  now,  and  here,  before  me. 

/  "  The  founders  of  Michigan  were  not  all  of  one  state  or  country,  but  of  many 
states  and  countries.  They  came  from  Vermont  and  New  York,  Virginia  and 
South  Carolina,  and  other  American  states,  as  well  as  from  England,  Ireland, 
Holland,  Norway,  and  other  European  countries.  They  were  of  various  religious 
faiths,  and  of  many  differing  political  habits  and  opinions.  The  immigrants  from 
Europe  were  voluntary  citizens,  not  native  citizens,  like  those  who  came  from 
American  states.  They,  of  course,  all  were  free,  for  only  freemen  can  emigrate. 
This  is  just  what  would  have  occurred  in  every  state  now  in  this  Union,  and 
what  must  be  the  case  in  every  state  hereafter  to  come  in,  if  the  natural  course  of 
events  were  not,  and  should  not,  be  overruled  by  government.  But  powers  foreign 
from  this  continent,  although  ruling  in  it  early,  employed  themselves  in  distracting 
and  defeating  that  natural  course  of  things.  Spain,  Great  Britain  and  France 
extended  their  sway  over  different  parts  of  the  continent,  and  established  aristo- 
"racies  which  were  only  removed  by  revolutions.  When  that  political  phase  had 
passed  away,  it  left  many  of  the  states  slave  states.  Boston  and  New  York  con 
tinued  busily  plying  the  African  slave  trade.  African  slavery  being  thus  established 
and  continually  enlarged,  voluntary  white  free  emigration  practically  ceased.  The 
states  afterwards  divided  on  the  two  systems  of  slavery  and  of  freedom.  Some 
have  preferred  to  retain  the  former.  Its  consequences  are  seen  in  exhausted  soils, 
sickly  states,  and  fretful  and  discontented  peoples.  You  have  chosen  the  wiser 
and  better  system.  My  policy — that  policy  which  I  have  maintained  so  strenu 
ously  and,  strange  to  say,  through  so  much  opposition — that  policy  which  I  have 
come  to  commend  to  your  favor — ig  your  own  policy  of  freedom,  instead  of 
slavery,  as  the  basis  of  all  future  states  to  be  formed  on  the  American  continent 
and  admitted  into  the  Union.  It  is  not  only  most  conducive  to  the  general  wel 
fare,  but  is  the  most  conducive  to  the  public  safety  and  virtue.  What  does  a 
great  free  state  on  this  continent  need  a  standing  army  and  a  navy  for  ?  It  has 
no  enemies  abroad.  It  can  have  no  enemies  within  its  own  borders.  Is  not  our 
present  army  (excepting  its  temporary  office  of  holding  the  predatory  Indian 
tribes  under  constraint)  chiefly  kept  up,  with  our  navy,  for  the  protection  of  the 
slave  states  in  possible  emergencies  ?  Granting  its  necessity  for  that  purpose,  may 
I  not,  as  a  statesman  as  well  as  patriot,  say  I  want  no  increase  of  army  and  navy 
rendered  necessary  by  increasing  the  area  of  human  bondage  ? 

"  How  simple,  then,  and  yet  how  wise  and  how  felicitous,  is  the  policy  of  the 
republican  party.  All  it  proposes  is  that  all  future  states  shall  be  just  such  free, 
enlightened,  contented,  and  prosperous  states,  as  Michigan  is ;  and.  further,  that 
they  shall  be  made  so  exactly  as  Michigan  was  made  such  a  state.  That  process 
is  to  keep  slavery  out  of  the  territory  while  it  is  a  territory,  and  then  it  must  and 
will  be  a  free  state  when  it  comes  to  be  a  state.  Let  everybody  go  into  a  new  ter 
ritory  who  will,  be  he  native  or  foreign  born.  Let  nobody  be  carried  by  force 
into  a  new  territory,  be  he  white  or  black,  native  or  imported  from  Africa  or  other 
tropical  or  oriental  climes.  If  no  slaves  are  ever  carried  there,  no  slaves  can  ever 
be  born  there.  To  say  nothing  of  the  condition  of  the  slaves,  are  the  white  men 
politically  equal  in  a  slaveholding  state?  What  is  the  condition  of  the  non-slave- 
holding  white  man  in  a  slave  state,  contrasted  with  the  slaveholder?  Let  the 
codes  and  politics  of  the  slave  states  show.  Let  the  great  emigration  of  the  non- 


88  MEMOIR. 

Blaveholding  white  men  to  newer  regions,  while  the  slaveholder  remains  in  the 
native  state  of  both,  answer. 

"Many  of  you  profess  to  accept  this  policy,  and  yet  refuse  to  join  the  one 
party  that  maintains  it.  The  Breckinridge  party  stand  on  a  platform  directly  oppo 
site.  You  will  not,  of  course,  support  that.  But  the  Douglas  party,  you  think, 
will  do,  because  it  offers  popular  sovereignty  in  the  territories,  so  that  the  people 
there  are,  at  least,  left  free  to  choose  freedom.  If,  indeed,  a  fair  trial  could  be 
guaranteed,  it  might,  perhaps,  be  well  enough.  But  what  the  prospects  of  a  fair  trial 
for  freedom  under  the  auspices  of  a  democratic  administration  are,  let  the  history 
of  oppressed,  harassed,  and  still  ostracised  Kansas,  answer.  The  Douglas  popular 
sovereignty  creed,  moreover,  must  be  taken  together  with  the  Dred  Scott  decree 
of  the  supreme  court,  which,  if  it  be  allowed  to  have  the  virtue  of  a  decree, 
declares  that  slavery  is  the  constitutional  condition  of  the  territories  of  the  United 
States,  unchangeable  by  any  popular  sovereignty  within  them,  or  even  by  the 
national  authority  without.  The  Douglas  creed  assumes  that  slavery  and  freedom 
are  equally  just  and  wise,  or,  at  least,  that  there  is  no  public  interest  and  no  moral 
right  involved  in  the  contest  between  them.  Slavery  will  never  be  shut  out  of  a 
territory  by  those  who  are  indifferent  whether  it  is  voted  up  or  voted  down. 
The  republican  party,  on  the  contrary,  entertain  a  conscientious  conviction  that 
slavery  is  wrong,  and,  acting  on  that  conviction,  they,  and  they  alone,  will  save 
the  territories  from  its  blight,  and  so  make  sure  that  they  become  ultimately  free 
states."  ; 

The  occasion  brought  out  a  grand  republican  display  and  mass 
meeting.  The  people  from  all  the  surrounding  country  came,  in 
unprecedented  numbers.  In  the  immense  procession,  which  formed 
a  part  of  the  ceremonies,  were  the  faculty  and  students  of  the  state 
agricultural  college,  with  appropriate  emblems.  They  presented  to 
Mr.  Seward  the  following  address,  which  was  said  to  be  the  expres 
sion  of  the  public  sentiment  of  Michigan : 

"  In  common  with  the  young  men  of  Michigan,  we  take  pride  in  welcoming 
you  to  our  state.  We  have  learned  to  admire  you  for  your  talents,  love  you  for 
your  devotion  to  the  cause  of  truth  and  humanity,  and  look  to  you  for  instruction 
in  the  great  principles  of  civil  liberty  and  equal  rights. 

"  We  believe  in  a  '  higher  law ;'  we  believe  that  slavery  and  freedom  are  in 
compatible,  and  that  the  conflict  must  be  '  irrepressible  '  so  long  as  they  are  ele 
ments  of  the  same  government.  We  believe  that  right  must  finally  triumph ;  that 
oppression  must  cease,  and  we  look  to  the  success  of  republican  principles  to 
restore  our  government  to  its  original  purity  and  foster  the  true  spirit  of  national 
prosperity.  | 

"  We  take  pleasure  in  addressing  you  from  the  halls  of  the  first  State  Agricul 
tural  College  in  our  land,  and  as  a  champion  of  human  progress  you  cannot  fail  to 
be  an  earnest  and  sincere  friend  to  the  cause  of  education.  We  should  have  re 
joiced  to  labor  to  secure  your  election  to  the  chief  magistracy  of  the  nation,  but 
we  honor  you  none  the  less  as  the  great  expounder  of  the  rights  of  man,  and 


SPEECH  AT    KALAMAZOO.  89 

while,  in  the  past,  you  have  presented  so  clearly  before  our  minds  the  truths  which 
are  at  the  foundation  of  every  just  and  stable  government,  may  you  be  spared 
many  years  to  bless  our  common  country  with  your  counsels  and  efforts  for  the 
good  of  the  race.  Be  assured  that  you  live  in  the  hearts  of  the  freedom-loving 
young  men  of  America." 

In  the  evening,  Mr.  Seward  was  serenaded  by  a  German  band, 
attended  by  a  brilliant  parade  of  wide-awakes. 

Mr.  Seward's  next  appointment  was  at  Kalamazoo.  Proceeding- 
there  by  private  conveyance,  he  received  at  Jackson  and  other  places 
on  the  road  the  hearty  salutations  of  the  people.  His  stay  in  Kala 
mazoo  was  necessarily  brief.  A  meeting  had  been  called,  which, 
notwithstanding  a  heavy  rain,  was  large  and  full  of  enthusiasm.  He 
spoke  substantially  as  follows : 

"  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  I  am  here  in  obedience  to  the  command  of  the  people  of 
Michigan,  and  yet  I  am  inclined  to  think  that  your  commands  and  my  compliance 
were  a  great  mistake.  You  summoned  me  here  because  you  thought  that  your 
courage  or  your  patience  were  flagging  in  the  cause  of  freedom,  and  yet  at  every 
step  of  my  progress  from  the  time  that  I  landed  at  Detroit,  I  have  found  nothing 
but  enthusiasm  unexampled  and  unanimity  unsurpassed.  I  have  not  long  to  speak 
to  you,  and  I  will  tell  you  why  I  want  to  go  to  Kansas.  I  want  to  go  to  Kansas 
before  I  die ;  I  want  to  see  the  Saratoga  in  the  cause  of  freedom.  I  am  on  my 
way  there  now,  and  unless  I  leave  at  half-past  two  I  shall  fail  of  that  purpose. 
Have  I  your  leave  to  go?  [Aye,  Aye,  go  to  Kansas.]  Thank  you  friends;  I 
know  how  to  win  your  consent."  After  paying  a  handsome  compliment  to  the 
wide-awakes,  Mr.  S.  proceeded :  "  I  have  been  much  affected  by  the  kind  and  cor 
dial  greetings  of  my  old  democratic  friends  and  neighbors,  emigrants  from  the 
banks  of  the  Cayuga,  the  Seneca,  and  the  Genesee.  But  I  am  struck  with  the 
fact,  that  while  they  have  lost  none  of  their  kindness  or  respect  for  me,  they 
yet  seem  to  persevere  in  a  hopeless,  desperate,  useless,  unworthy  cause. 

"  There  is  indeed  no  end  to  their  kindness  to  an  old  friend  when  he  comes  among 
them.  I  thank  them  with  all  my  heart.  Nevertheless,  I  confess  that,  it  excites 
my  sorrow  and  sympathy  to  see  so  many,  and  such  good  men,  wasting  themselves 
in  a  cause  which  can  neither  bring  them  nor  their  country  safety,  honor  or  renown. 

"  I  meet  them  on  the  by-ways  and  pathways  and  in  an  honest,  outspoken, 
hearty  manner,  they  greet  me,  as  they  pass,  with  'Hurrah  for  Douglas! '  I  think 
that  nearly  every  Douglas  man  in  town  has  come  to  tender  me  his  hand,  and  to 
express  at  the  same  time  his  determination  to  vote  for  Douglas. 

"Well,  now,  fellow  citizens,  it  is  honorable  to  Mr.  Douglas  that  he  has  such 
friends,  and  honorable  to  them  that  they  persevere  in  their  fidelity  to  him.  Still, 
it  is  not  wise  for  mere  personal  attachments  or  pride  of  consistency,  to  waste  our 
votes,  because  every  vote  tells,  or  ought  to  tell,  on  the  happiness,  the  honor  and 
the  prosperity  of  the  country  for  centuries  to  come. 

I  "  Of  the  four  candidates  in  the  field,  the  only  man  who,  in  any  possible  case, 
and  after  every  combination,  cannot  be  elected  president  of  the  United  States,  is 

VOL.  IV.  12 


90  M  E  M  O  I  K  . 

my  excellent  friend  Stephen  A.  Douglas;  because  every  vote  given  for  him  in  the 
north  is  a  vote  for  Breckinridge,  and  every  vote  given  for  him  in  the  south  is  a 
vote  for  Lincoln  or  for  Bell,  to  be  counted  in  the  canvass.  If  you  ask  your  own 
heart,  or  inquire  of  your  neighbor,  you  will  find  the  reason  why  you  republicans 
are  going  to  vote  for  Abraham  Lincoln,  is  simply  and  exclusively  because  he  is,  as 
you  understand  it,  the  representative  of  human  liberty.  If  you  go  to  the  south, 
the  great  question  is  brought  by  the  irrepressible  conflict  of  debate  to  the  issue 
between  freedom  and  slavery,  and  every  man  in  the  south  is  going  to  vote,  not  for 
Lincoln  and  liberty,  but  for  the  man  who  can  most  effectually  protect,  defend  and 
extend  human  slavery !  On  that  great  issue  the  republican  party  occupies  the  side 
of  liberty,  while  the  democratic  party  no  side,  or.  if  any,  the  side  of  slavery. 
The  democratic  party  is  indeed  divided  into  two,  one  holding  that  slavery  is  right, 
and  the  other  attempting  to  compromise,  and  saying  that  they  are  indifferent  whether 
it  is  voted  up  or  voted  down.  Indifference  to  liberty  is  toleration  of  slavery. 
Theie  is  no  neutrality  of  this  kind  practicable  now.  When  this  election  shall  have 
closed  you  will  find  this  out,  because  you  will  then  find  that  the  only  other  man 
in  the  universe  who  was  further  from  the  presidency  than  Mr.  Douglas  was  the 
man  in  the  moon."  * 

On  leaving  Kalamazoo,  Mr.  Seward  learned  that  the  steamboat 
Lady  Elgin,  with  nearly  three  hundred  passengers  on  board,  had 
been  lost  the  night  before,  on  lake  Michigan,  on  her  way  from  Chi 
cago  to  Milwaukee.  This  sad  event  cast  a  deep  gloom  over  those 
two  cities,  whose  citizens  were  engaged  in  inquiries  and  searches  for 
the  dead.  Mr.  Seward,  with  his  party,  passed  through  Chicago, 
avoiding  all  observation,  and  arrived  in  Milwaukee  on  the  evening 
of  the  eighth.  In  consequence  of  the  melancholy  disaster,  he  declined 
to  deliver  any  speech,  or  to  allow  any  demonstration  whatever  to  be 
made,  or  even  to  receive  any  public  visits,  during  his  stay  in  the 
city.  He  remained  quietly,  at  a  private  house,  until  Tuesday  morn 
ing,  when  he  proceeded  to  Madison,  the  capital  of  Wisconsin. 

At  Madison,  a  reception  more  flattering,  if  possible,  than  any  he 
had  }^et  met,  awaited  him.  Without  distinction  of  party  the  autho 
rities  of  the  state,  the  authorities  of  the  city,  the  military,  the  fire 
department  and  the  civic  societies  met  him  and  escorted  him  from  the 
cars  to  his  lodgings.  Governor  Randall,  on  the  part  of  the  state,  and 
Chauncey  Abbott  for  the  city,  in  brief  but  eloquent  speeches,1  welcomed 
his  appearance  among  them.  The  following  remarks  by  Mr.  Seward, 
in  response,  were  uttered  with  deep  feeling.  The  sentiments  he  then 
uttered,  the  essence  of  his  political  philosophy,  were  received  with  a 

1  See  Appendix. 


KECEPTION   SPEECH   AT   MADISON.  91 

hearty  enthusiasm,  not  only  by  those  present  but  by  republicans 
everywhere  when  the  speech  came  to  be  published,  although  often 
before  expressed. 

"YOUR  EXCELLENCY  THE  GOVERNOR,  YOUR  HONOR  THE  MAYOR,  GENTLEMEN  OF  THE 
STATE  AUTHORITY,  GENTLEMEN  OF  THE  MILITARY,  OF  THE  FIRE  DEPARTMENT,  OF  THE  WIDE 
AWAKES  AND  FELLOW  CITIZENS  i  As  I  ascended  this  beautiful  eminence,  winding  my 
way  up  its  graceful  declivities  until  I  rested  under  the  shadow  of  the  capitol,  it  seemed 
to  me  that  I  had  been  carried  back  three  hundred  years,  and  that  I  was  moving  upon 
the  soil  and  within  the  city  of  the  ancient  Aztecs,  surrounded  by  beautiful  lakes, 
and  embowered  in  the  richest  vegetation.  So  long  as  this  capital  has  existed  I 
have  heard  of  its  beauty,  and  I  am  gratified  in  being  able  to  bear  witness  that  it 
fully  equals  its  world-wide  reputation.  I  think  that  the  sun  never  looked  down 
upon  a  fairer  location  for  the  elegant  capital  of  a  free  state. 

"  You  shall  not,  fellow  citizens,  tempt  me  into  the  indulgence  of  any  such  ex 
travagant  estimation  of  myself,  of  my  principles,  of  what  little  I  have  done,  as  to- 
make  me  feel  or  believe  for  a  moment  that  this  kind  reception  is  more  than  you 
would  extend,  and  might  justly  extend,  to  every  one  of  my  associates  in  the  pub 
lic  councils  of  the  nation  who  has  been  true  and  faithful  to  the  interests  of  human 
liberty,  while  he  has  not  been  unmindful  of  the  duty  of  developing  the  resources 
of  the  material  prosperity  of  the  country. 

"It  has  been  by  a  simple  rule  of  interpretation  that  I  have  studied  the  constitu 
tion  of  my  country.  That  rule  has  been  simply  this :  That  by  no  word,  no  act,  no- 
combination  into  which  I  might  enter,  should  any  one  human  being  of  the  gene 
ration  to  which  I  belong,  much  less  any  class  of  human  beings,  of  any  nation, 
race  or  kindred,  be  repressed  and  kept  down  in  the  least  degree  in  their  efforts  to 
rise  to  a  higher  state  of  liberty  and  happiness.  Amid  all  the  glosses  of  the  times, 
amid  all  the  essays  and  discussions  to  which  the  constitution  of  the  United  States 
has  been  subjected,  this  has  been  the  simple,  plain,  broad  light  in  which  I  have 
read  every  article  and  every  section  of  that  great  instrument.  Whenever  it  re 
quires  of  me  that  this  hand  shall  keep  down  the  humblest  of  the  human  race,  then 
I  will  lay  down  power,  place,  position,  fame,  everything,  rather  than  adopt  such  a 
construction  or  such  a  rule.  If,  therefore,  in  this  land  there  are  any  that  would 
rise,  I  extend  to  them,  in  God's  name,  a  good  speed.  If  there  are  any  in  foreign 
lands  who  would  improve  their  condition  by  emigration,  or  if  there  be  any  here 
who  would  go  abroad  in  the  search  of  happiness,  in  the  improvement  of  their  condi 
tion,  or  in  their  elevation  to  a  higher  state  of  dignity  and  happiness,  they  have 
always  had,  and  always  shall  have,  a  cheering  word  and  such  efforts  as  I  can  con 
sistently  make  in  their  behalf. 

'  Fellow  citizens,  words  would  fail  me  if  I  should  attempt  to  express  the  grati 
tude  I  feel  for  this  agreeable  surprise.  I  am  here  compulsorily,  not  seeking  honor 
or  consideration  at  your  hands.  I  am  here,  I  regret  to  confess  it,  as  a  partisan. 
But  I  acknowledge  myself  here  and  elsewhere  a  partisan  only,  because  the  habits- 
and  customs  of  a  free  state  allow  no  man  to  be  a  patriot  unless  in  the  ranks  of  some 
party  in  the  land.  To  the  extent  that  the  party  of  freedom  to  which  I  belong 
shall  require  me  to  go  in  its  service,  never  asking  me  to  trample  on  the  rights  or 
to  withhold  the  respect  and  consideration  due  to  the  motives  of  those  who  differ 


92  MEMOIR. 

from  me,  I  shall  endeavor  to-morrow  to  set  forth  my  views  of  the  national  objects 
and  end  of  the  great  political  discussion  in  which  we  are  engaged.  Until  then  I 
beg  your  indulgence  for  rest  and  repose,  so  necessary  after  a  long  journey,  hoping 
that  I  may  greet  you  with  smiling  faces  and  leave  you  with  no  less  favorable  im 
pressions  when  the  time  for  our  separation  shall  have  come." 

The  next  day  (September  12)  was  set  apart  for  a  gathering  of  the 
people,  in  Madison,  from  all  the  surrounding  country.  Mr.  Seward 
spoke  from  the  steps  of  the  capitol,  on  "  The  duty  and  responsibility 
of  the  northwest."  He  began  his  speech  with  the  following  impres 
sive  words : 

•'  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  It  is  a  bright  September  sun  that  is  shining  down  upon 
us,  such  a  sun  as  nature,  pleased  with  the  remembrance  of  her  own  beneficence, 
«eems  to  delight  in  sending  forth  to  grace  the  close  of  a  season  which  has  been 
crowned  with  abundance  and  luxuriance,  unknown  even  to  her  own  habitual  pro- 
fuseness.  It  is  such  a  sun  as  nature,  pleased  with  seeing  the  growth  of  a  noble 
capital  in  a  great  state,  may  be  supposed  to  send  out  to  illuminate  and  to  make 
more  effulgent  for  a  special  occasion  the  magnificent  beauties  of  the  place  in  which 
•we  are  assembled.  It  is  such  a  September  sun  as  we  might  almost  suppose  nature, 
sympathizing  with  the  efforts  of  good  men,  lovers  of  liberty,  anxious  to  secure 
their  own  freedom,  to  perpetuate  that  freedom  for  the  enjoyment  of  their  posterity', 
and  to  extend  its  blessings  throughout  the  whole  world,  and  for  all  generations, 
may  have  sent  forth  in  token  of  sympathy  with  such  a  noble  race.  But,  fellow 
citizens,  bright  and  cheerful  as  this  hour  is,  my  heart  is  oppressed,  and  I  am  unable 
at  once  to  lift  myself  above  the  sadness  of  recent  scenes  and  ppinful  recollections. 
I  obeyed  the  command  of  the  republican  people  of  Wisconsin  to  appear  before 
them,  on  this  the  12th  day  of  September;  and  as  I  approached  their  beautiful  sea 
port,  if  I  may  so  call  the  city  that  crowns  the  shores  of  lake  Michigan,  and  affords 
-entrance  to  this  magnificent  state,  I  had  anticipated,  because  I  had  become  habi 
tuated  to,  a  welcome  that  should  be  distinguished  by  the  light  of  a  thousand 
torches,  and  by  the  voices  of  multitudes,  of  music  and  of  cannon.  But  the  angel 
of  death  passed  just  before  me  on  the  way,  and  instead  of  the  greeting  of  thou 
sands  of  my  fellow  citizens,  I  found  only  a  thick  darkness,  increased  in  effect  as 
only  nature's  blackness  can  be,  by  the  weeping  and  wailing  of  mothers  for  the  loss 
of  children,  and  refusing  to  be  comforted.  I  have  been  quite  unable  to  rise  from 
that  sudden  shock;  to  forget  that  instead  of  the  voice  of  a  kind  and  merry  and 
genial  welcome,  I  heard  only  mournings  and  lamentations  in  the  streets. 

"To  you,  perhaps,  that  sad  occurrence  seems  somewhat  foreign,  because  it  oc 
curred  in  your  beautiful  seaport,  but  it  was  not  merely  a  municipal  calamity.  It 
is  a  calamity  and  disaster  that  befalls  the  state,  and  strikes  home  dismay  and  hor 
ror  into  the  bosoms  of  all  its  people ;  for  those  who  perished  were  citizens  of  the 
state,  and  those  who  survive  are  the  mourners,  the  desolate  widows  and  orphans 
•who  are  bereaved.  Let  me,  before  I  proceed,  take  the  liberty  to  bring  this  subject 
to  the  attention  of  the  state  authorities  of  Wisconsin,  and  to  ask  and  to  implore 
that  nothing  may  be  left  undone,  if  there  is  yet  anything  that  can  be  done,  to  res- 


KECEPTION   AND   SPEECH   AT   LA  CROSSE.  9S 

cue  every  sufferer  from  that  dreadful  calamity,  and  to  bring  to  the  comforts  of 
social  life,  and  of  a  sound,  good,  religious,  and  public  education,  the  orphans  who 
are  left  to  wander  in  want  on  the  lake  shore." 

The  whole  speech  was  pervaded  by  a  serious  and  impressive  elo 
quence.  The  fixed  attention  of  the  audience  was  broken  only  by 
occasional  bursts  of  applause.  The  day  closed  with  a  "  wide-awake'r 
display,  in  the  evening,  of  great  magnificence.  Mr.  Seward,  after 
visiting  some  of  the  excellent  farms  in  the  neighborhood  of  Madi 
son,  and  admiring  its  beautiful  scenery,  left  the  city  the  next  day  for 
the  Mississippi  river  where  a  steamboat  was  in  waiting  to  convey  him 
to  St.  Paul  in  Minnesota.  His  progress  up  the  river,  from  Prairie 
du  Chien  to  St.  Paul,  was  frequently  delayed  by  the  people  of  the 
towns  and  villages,  on  either  shore,  who  eagerly  desired  to  see  and 
hear  him.  At  La  Crosse,  extensive  preparations  were  made  for  his 
arrival.  A  large  procession  met  him  early  in  the  morning,  as  the 
boat  approached  the  landing.  He  was  escorted  thence  to  the  gym 
nasium  of  the  turnvereins,  in  whose  ample  grounds  a  great  crowd 
of  people  was  gathered.  Before  leaving  the  boat  an  address  was 
presented  to  Mr.  Seward  to  which  he  replied  as  follows : 

"FELLOW  CITIZENS:  It  has  always  been  my  purpose  to  anticipate  the  progress 
of  civilization  in  the  west,  by  visiting  the  interior  portion  of  the  continent  before 
the  Indian  and  his  canoe  have  given  place  to  the  white  man,  the  steamer,  the  rail 
road,  and  the  telegraph.  With  that  view,  I  explored,  in  1856,  the  banks  of  lake 
Superior,  one  year  only  in  advance  of  the  establishment  of  civilization  above  Sault 
St.  Marie.  It  has  been  my  misfortune  that  I  have  not  been  able  to  execute  my 
purpose  to  visit  the  upper  Mississippi  until  I  find  that  I  can  no  longer  trace  on  its- 
shores  or  bluffs,  or  among  the  people  who  gather  around  me,  a  single  feature  of 
tlu'  portraits  of  Catlin,  which  first  made  me  acquainted  with  this  wonderful  and 
romantic  region.  I  must  take  you  as  I  find  you.  I  have  come  here  at  last, 
attended  by  a  few  friends  from  the  eastern  states — from  Ohio,  from  New  York,. 
rom  Michigan,  from  Massachusetts1 — with  them  to  see  for  ourselves  the  wonders 
of  this  great  civilization  which  are  opening  here  to  herald  the  establishment  of 
political  ppwer  and  empire  in  the  northwest.  But  our  anticipations  are  surpassed 
by  what  we  see.  None  of  us  could  have  believed  that  elegant  cities  would  have- 
so  rapidly  sprung  up  on  these  shores ;  nor  could  we  have  looked  for  such  eviden 
ces  of  improvement  and  development  as  would  have  required  a  hundred  years  to 
execute  in  the  states  from  which  we  come.  This  is  gratifying,  because  it  reveals 
to  us  how  rapidly  the  American  people  can  improve  resources,  develop  wealth, 

i  Mr.  Seward's  party  included  George  W.  Patterson,  of  New  York;  Charles  Francis  Adams,  of 
Massachusetts  ;  James  W.  Nye,  of  New  York;  Rufus  King,  of  Wisconsin,  and  several  other  dis 
tinguished  public  men,  who  were  everywhere  received  with  great  consideration,  and  who  con 
tributed  much  to  the  eflect  of  the  journey  by  their  frequent  and  eloquent  addresses  to  the 
people. 


94  MEMOIR. 

and  establish  constitutional  powers  and  guaranties  for  the  protection  of  freedom. 
If  we  had  found  you  isolated  and  separate  communities,  distinct  from  ourselves, 
we  should  still  have  been  obliged  to  rejoice  in  such  evidences  of  prosperity  and 
growing  greatness.  How  much  more  gratifying  it  is  for  us  to  find,  in  everything 
that  we  see  and  hear,  abundant  evidences  that  we  are,  after  all,  riot  separate  and 
distinct  peoples — not  distinct  peoples  of  Iowa,  Wisconsin,  New  York  and  Massa 
chusetts,  but  that  we  are  one  people — from  Plymouth  rock  at  least  to  the  banks 
of  the  Mississippi  and  to  the  foot  of  the  Rocky  mountains.  It  is  an  assurance 
that  enables  us  to  trample  under  our  feet  every  menace,  every  threat  of  disunion, 
every  alarm  and  apprehension  of  the  dismemberment  of  this  great  empire ;  for  we 
find  in  the  sentiments  which  you  have  expressed  to  us  to-day  precisely  the  senti 
ments  which  were  kindled  two  hundred  years  ago  on  Plymouth  rock,  and  which 
are  spreading  wider  and  wider,  taking  deeper  and  deeper  roots  in  the  American 
soil.  They  give  us  the  sure  and  reliable  guaranty  that,  under  every  possible 
change  of  condition  and  circumstance,  the  American  people  will  nowhere  forget 
the  common  interests,  the  common  affections,  and  the  common  destiny  which 
make  them  all  one  people." 

His  speech  at  the  turnverein  grounds  was  devoted  mainly  to  the 
idea  of  disunion. 1  Recent  events  have  given  additional  interest  to 
the  words  he  then  uttered.  At  several  places,  as  he  proceeded  up 
the  river,  he  addressed  the  people,  briefly,  from  the  deck  of  the 
steamer,  in  response  to  their  hearty  salutations. 

It  was  Sunday  morning  when  the  boat  reached  St.  Paul.  The 
committee  appointed  to  receive  him  had  met  him  some  distance  down 
the  river.  With  them  he  proceeded  quietly  to  the  hotel,  without 
publicity  or  ceremony.  On  Monday  he  visited  fort  Snelling,  the 
falls  of  Minnehaha,  Minneapolis,  and  St.  Anthony.  At  the  two  last 
mentioned  places,  he  was  received  with  public  demonstrations.  To 
the  appropriate  addresses  made  to  him  at  Minneapolis  and  St.  An 
thony,  he  replied  in  a  few  brief  but  happy  remarks. 

Returning  to  St.  Paul  in  the  evening,  Mr.  Seward  was  serenaded 
by  a  procession  of  wide-awakes,  who,  with  thousands  of  citizens, 
assembled  in  front  of  the  hotel  at  which  he  stopped.  A  salute  by 
a  detachment  of  artillery  having  been  fired,  Judge  Goodrich  ap 
peared  on  the  balcony  with  Mr.  Seward,  and  introduced  him  to  the 
people  in  an  eloquent  speech,2  which  was  echoed  by  the  audience  in 
enthusiastic  cheers.  Mr.  Seward  responded  as  follows : 

"JUDGE  GOODRICH,  GENTLEMEN  WIDE-AWAKES,  FELLOW  CITIZENS:  Every  plant, 
shrub,  or  tree,  whatever  its  virtue,  or  its  strength,  was  created  not  for  itself  alone ; 
but  it  exists  for  the  benefit  and  to  increase  the  happiness  of  mankind.  Every 

i  Sec  present  Volume.  2  See  Appendix. 


RECEPTION  AND   SPEECH   AT   SAINT   PAUL.  95 

man  lives,  not  for  himself,  but  for  his  country ;  for  the  generation  to  which  he 
belongs,  and  for  those  which  shall  come  after  him.  Every  age  brings  with  it  some 
peculiar  duty  to  be  performed.  Wo  be  to  him,  who  fails  to  see,  or  to  assume  that 
duty.  His  name  shall  perish.  The  zeal,  the  enthusiasm  and  the  energy  which 
mark  your  action,  in  the  present  national  emergency,  prove  that  you  have  rightly 
discerned  the  duty  and  have  resolutely  determined  to  discharge  the  responsibility 
devolved  upon  you. 

"  This  kind  and  generous  welcome  is  recognized,  on  my  part,  as  another  one  of 
so  many  acts  of  hospitality,  surpassing  claim,  or  expectation,  which  have  attended 
every  step  of  my  progress,  since  I  first,  far  down  the  river,  set  my  foot  upon  the 
soil  of  Minnesota.  I  cannot  undertake  to  express  the  sensibility  which  this  kind 
ness  has  awakened.  It  is  not  my  habit  to  attempt  to  express  the  gratitude  I  feel 
on  such  occasions,  at  the  time  and  in  the  place  where  they  occur.  Possibly,  at 
some  future  times  and  in  some  far  distant  places,  when  you  are  least  expecting  it, 
some  action,  or  at  least  some  word,  that  may  not  then  be  out  of  time,  or  season, 
may  show  how  deeply  my  memory  ever  retains  the  impressions  made  by  the  gen 
erosity  of  the  citizens  of  this  now  youthful  state,  soon  to  become,  as  I  be 
lieve,  by  reason  of  its  central  position  and  the  intelligence  and  enterprise  of  its 
people,  a  dominating  power  in  the  American  Union. 

"  For  the  present,  my  duty  requires  me  to  rise  above  all  considerations  of  my 
self  and  even  of  yourselves,  of  this  capital  and  of  this  state ;  and  to  think  and  to 
speak  only  of  our  country  and  for  mankind.  To-morrow,  I  will  try  to  perform 
that  duty.  Until  then,  I  pray  you  to  allow  me  to  rest ;  bidding  you,  each  and  all, 
kindly  and  respectfully,  a  cordial  good  night.  May  God  bless  and  reward  you 
all!  " 

The  meeting  on  the  next  day  (the  18th  of  September)  was  nu 
merous  beyond  precedent.  It  seemed  to  be  a  gathering  of  the  people 
of  the  whole  state.  John  W.  North,  of  St.  Paul,  in  a  very  appropri 
ate  speech,1  introduced  Mr.  Seward  to  the  masses  before  him.  Stand 
ing  in  the  portico  of  the  capitol,  inspired  by  the  scenes  about  him, 
Mr.  Seward  spoke  with  unusual  eloquence  and  fervor,2  while  the 
men  and  women  who  filled  the  capacious  grounds,  around,  caught 
the  spirit  of  his  words  and  at  brief  intervals  interrupted  him  with 
shouts  of  enthusiasm. 

In  the  evening  Mr.  Seward  was  again  serenaded,  at  his  lodgings, 
by  a  splendid  torchlight  procession,  consisting,  in  part,  of  four  hun 
dred  and  fifty  Germans.  Early  on  the  next  day  he  left  the  city  of 
St.  Paul,  by  steamboat,  intending  to  reach  Dubuque,  in  Iowa,  in 
time  to  address  a  meeting,  called  on  the  twentieth,  in  anticipation  of 
his  presence.  Unavoidable  delays,  however,  prevented  his  arrival  in 
Dubuque  until  midnight.  Nevertheless  he  was  received  with  a 

1  See  Appendix.  2  The  speech  will  be  found  in  succeeding  pages  of  this  volume. 


96  MEMOIR. 

national  salute  of  artillery ;  and  a  procession  of  wide-awakes  escorted 
him  to  his  hotel,  where,  having  been  introduced  to  the  people  by 
William  B.  Allison, l  he  made  the  following  speech : 

"  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  Language  would  fail  me  if  I  should  attempt  to  express  the 
acknowledgments  that  I  owe  you  for  this  manifestation  of  your  regard  and  re 
spect.  You  will  excuse  me,  I  know,  for  passing  by  what  I  treasure  up  in  my 
heart  of  hearts,  the  kind  words  that  have  been  spoken  in  my  ears  concerning  my 
self  alone.  That  is  the  place  where  I  always  store  memories  of  kindness  and  of 
affection,  and  there  I  prefer  to  let  them  rest  until  the  season  shall  come  when  they 
may  fructify  into  some  action  on  my  part  that  shall  manifest  the  gratitude  which  I 
seem  to  suppress. 

"  Fellow  citizens,  passing  from  what  was  merely  personal,  I  have  to  say  that  we 
are  here — some  half  dozen  citizens — political  pilgrims  who  were  accustomed  to 
worship  at  the  shrine  of  freedom  in  the  east,  and  we  have  taken  our  scrip  and 
staff  and  come  to  the  west.  We  stopped  first,  as  we  passed,  on  the  shores  of  the 
Niagara  river ;  then  on  the  shore  of  Detroit  river ;  then  on  the  coast  of  lake 
Michigan ;  and  thence  we  made  our  way  across  to  the  Mississippi,  and  ascended 
that  magnificent  river  to  the  head  of  navigation,  where  we  rested  for  a  day  or 
two,  enjoying  the  hospitalities  of  the  newest  admitted  state — the  best  and 
worthiest  of  the  three  free  states  admitted  into  the  Union  within  the  last  ten  years 
as  a  result  of  the  decisive  action  of  the  republican  people  of  the  northwest,  since 
the  compromise  of  1850.  Thence  we  set  our  faces  downward  and  southward, 
hoping  to  be  here  in  time  to  have  a  full  and  free  conference  with  you,  to  give  you 
the  results  of  our  examination,  into  the  condition  of  our  great  cause  in  other  parts 
of  the  Union,  and  to  learn  from  you  what  may  be  anticipated  as  the  action  of  the 
people  of  this  yet  new  but  grand  western  state." 

Mr.  Seward  was  persuaded  to  remain  in  Dubuque  another  day. 
The  people,  disappointed  the  previous  day,  again  gathered  in  the 
public  square,  eager  to  hear  him  speak  on  the  great  subjects  agitat 
ing  the  country.  He  spoke  for  more  than  an  hour  of  the  West,  its 
destiny  and  its  duty,  and  of  the  one  idea  on  which  its  institutions- 
are  founded. 

Prom  Dubuque  Mr.  Seward  was  obliged  to  travel  rapidly  through 
Illinois  and  Missouri,  in  order  to  meet  his  appointments  in  Kansas. 
His  journey  through  these  states  was  marked  by  public  expressions 
no  less  flattering  than  those  he  had  received  in  Iowa,  Wisconsin, 
Minnesota  and  Michigan.  Wherever  the  cars  stopped,  even  for  a  few 
minutes,  spontaneous  crowds  of  people  were  in  waiting  to  salute  him. 

At  Qumcy,  Illinois,  where  he  crossed  the  Mississippi  river  and 
entered  the  state  of  Missouri,  he  met  with  a  hearty  reception.  At 

1  For  Mr.  Allison's  speech  see  Appendix. 


MR.    SEWARD   IN   MISSOURI.  97 

Brookfield,  in  Missouri,  a  collation  was  prepared  for  him.  Here  lie 
received  a  telegraphic  dispatch  from  Chillicothe,  the  next  large  town 
on  the  road,  requesting  him  to  address  the  people  at  that  place  while 
the  cars  stopped  there.1  At  first,  Mr.  Seward  was  disposed  to  decline 
the  invitation,  remarking  that  the  people  of  Missouri  could  not  ex 
pect  him  to  speak  to  them  when  their  laws  prevented  him  from 
speaking  freely  what  he  thought.  On  his  arrival  at  Chillicothe, 
however,  at  the  urgent  solicitation  of  the  committee  and  a  number 
of  respectable  citizens  of  the  state,  he  consented  to  make  a  brief 
address.  The  committee  frankly  stated  to  him  that  they,  themselves, 
as  well  as  the  audience  assembled,  were  pro-slavery  in  their  principles. 

"  GENTLEMEN  :  I  have  been  very  kindly  invited  by  some  citizens  of  your  place 
to  make  you  a  speech.  I  would  be  glad  to  do  so,  but  it  is  impossible.  To  make  a 
speech,  requires  a  voice ;  and  I  have  left  mine  behind  me.  But  even  if  my  lungs 
had  not  failed  me,  it  would  be  impossible  for  another  reason — want  of  time.  A 
speech  has  been  well  defined  to  be  an  extended  expression,  having  a  beginning,  a 
middle  and  an  end.  I  might  make  a  beginning ;  but  before  I  could  get  fairly  into 
the  middle,  the  train  would  be  off,  and  you  would  never  hear  the  end  of  it. 
Politics  seems  to  be  the  all-absorbing  topic  with  you.  As  I  am  supposed  to  be 
something  of  a  politician,  it  is,  perhaps,  expected  that  I  should  allude  to  that 
subject.  Here  too  is  a  difficulty  which  you  have  not  considered.  In  regard  to 
the  candidates  you  support  here,  I  feel  very  much  like  a  man,  who,  wishing  to  get 
married,  applied  to  the  father  of  a  number  of  girls,  for  one  of  two  young  ladies. 
'  Well,' said  the  parent,  '  which  of  them  do  you  propose  to  take?'  'I  declare/ 
said  the  suitor,  '  I  have  not  thought  of  that,  I  had  as  lief  have  one  as  the  other, 
and  on  the  whole  I  think  a  little  liever.'1  I  feel  so  in  regard  to  Mr.  Bell,  Mr. 
Douglas,  and  Mr.  Breckinridge.  I  have,  however,  not  a  word  to  say  against  either 
of  them.  They  are  good  personal  friends  of  mine — of  whom  I  always  speak 
well ;  and  I  hope  they  always  speak  well  of  me.  But  I  cannot  make  up  my 
choice  in  favor  of  either  of  them.  From  the  variety  of  banners  and  mottoes  around 
me,  I  think  you  yourselves  are  in  the  same  quandary.  What,  then*  would  you  say, 
if  I  should  propose  to  you  to  agree  on  my  candidate,  Abraham  Lincoln?  But  I 
need  not  ask  you ;  I  know  you  would  not  take  him.  I  think  too,  that  I  know 
the  reason.  He  is  famous  for  splitting  rails.  Judging  from  your  wide  pastures- 
with  osage  orange  hedges,  and  the  scarceness  of  timber  about  me,  I  think  you 
don't  use  many  rails  here.  So,  we  may  as  well  eschew  politics  altogether.  I  am 
glad  to  be  able  to  say  that  you  are  located  in  a  splendid  country.  Fifteen  years 
ago,  I  visited  St.  Louis,  and,  at  that  time,  observed  that  Missouri  was  destined  to 
be  great  and  prosperous.  I  have  now  come  two  hundred  miles  into  the  interior, 
and  can  say  that  my  former  impression  of  the  state  has  been  confirmed.  So  far 
as  I  am  able  to  judge  you  are  in  the  best  part  of  it.  You  ought  to  be  gratified 
that  such  is  the  fact.  I  have  noticed  on  my  way  that  you  have  a  custom  here 
which  does  not  prevail  in  the  east, — shooting  for  beeves.  And  it  does  not  surprise 

i  The  Hannibal  and  St.  Joseph  Railroad  Company  extended,  freely,  to  Mr.  Seward  the  courte- 
eies  of  their  road. 

VOL.  IV.  13 


98  MEMOIR. 

me,  for  I  see  that  yonr  beeves  are  worth  shooting  for.  You  have  also  fine  horses. 
But  if  you  could  come  to  an  understanding  with  me, — a  black  republican, — I  think 
we  could  improve  them.  During  my  recent  visit  to  Syria,  I  was  presented  with 
some  tine  Arabian  horses.  They  are  said  to  be  the  finest  horses  in  the  world. 
By  uniting  them  with  American  horses,  I  think  our  stock  might  be  greatly  im 
proved.  [Here  the  whistle  blew,  and  Governor  Seward  was  obliged  to  close.] 
God  bless  you  all !  I  thank  you  most  kindly  for  your  attention.  -Good  bye." 

"  As  the  train  moved  off,  cheers  were  given  out  of  courtesy  to  the  speaker ;  and 
were  followed  by  cheers  for  Douglas,  Bell  and  Breckinridge.  The  remarks  of  Mr. 
Seward  were  made  in  a  familiar,  good  natured  style,  and  had  a  very  happy  effect 
upon  the  audience."1 

At  St.  Joseph,  in  Missouri,  where  he  arrived  late  on  Saturday 
evening,  he  was  surprised  by  a  most  enthusiastic  reception.  He 
was  escorted  from  the  cars  to  the  hotel  by  a  large  procession  of 
wide-awakes  and  citizens,  who  insisted  upon  his  addressing  them 
that  evening,  as  it  was  known  that  he  would  leave  the  city  early  on 
Monday  morning  for  Kansas.  Moved  by  the  cordiality  and  evident 
sincerity  of  their  greetings,  he  appeared  on  the  balcony  of  the  hotel, 
and  having  been  introduced  by  Mr.  T.  J.  Boynton,  of  St.  Joseph, 
spoke  as  follows : 

"Mu.  CHAIRMAN,  GENTLEMEN  AND  FELLOW  CITIZENS:  I  think  that  I  have,  some 
time  before  this,  said  that  the  most  interesting  and  agreeable  surprise  that  ever 
human  being  has  had  on  this  earth  was  that  which  Columbus  felt  when — after  his 
long  and  tedious  voyage  in  search  of  a  continent,  the  existence  of  which  was  un 
known  to  himself,  as  to  all  mankind,  and  the  evidence  of  whose  existence  was 
nothing  but  a  suggestion  of  his  own  philosophy,  surrounded  as  he  was  by  a  mu 
tinous  crew,  who  were  determined  on  the  destruction  of  his  own  life  if  he  should 
continue  the  voyage  unsuccessfully  another  day — he  went,  out  at  night  on  the  deck 
of  his  little  vessel,  and  there  rose  up  before  him,  in  the  dark,  the  shadow  of  an 
island,  with  habitations  lighted  by  human  beings  like  himself.  That  was  the  most 
interesting  surprise  that  ever  occurred  to  any  man  on  earth.  And  yet  I  do  not 
think  that  Columbus  was  much  more  surprised  than  I  and  those  who  are  with  me 
have  been  to-night. 

"We  have  been  traveling  in  a  land  of  friends  and  brethren,  through  many 
states  from  Maine  to  Missouri ! — along  the  shores  of  the  ocean,  along  the  shores 
of  the  great  lakes  and  the  banks  of  great  rivers — and  1  will  not  deny  that  our 
footsteps  have  been  made  pleasant  by  kind  and  friendly  and  fraternal  greetings. 
We  entered  the  soil  of  Missouri  this  morning,  at  ten  o'clock,  feeling  that,  although 
we  had  a  right  to  regard  the  people  of  Missouri  as  our  brethren,  and  although  we 
were  their  brethren  and  friends,  yet  we  were  to  be  regarded  by  its  citizens  as 
strangers,  if  not  aliens  and  enemies ;  but  this  welcome  which  greets  us  here  sur- 

1  The  above  report  of  Mr.  Seward's  remarks  is  taken  from  the  Free  Democrat,  published  at 
St.  Joseph,  Misaonri. 


IN   MISSOURI.  99 

passes  anything  that  we  have  experienced  in  our  sojournings  from  Bangor,  in  the 
state  of  Maine,  to  this  place.  The  discovery  that  here  there  is  so  much  of  kind 
ness  for  us.  so  much  of  respect  and  consideration,  takes  us  by  surprise.  I  will 
confess  freely  that  it  affects  us  with  deep  sensibility,  for  we  did  not  propose  to 
visit  St.  Joseph..  There  is  a  land  beyond  you — a  land  redeemed  and  saved  for 
freedom,  through  trials  and  sufferings  that  have  commended  its  young  and  grow 
ing  people  to  the  respect  of  mankind  and  to  our  peculiar  sympathy. 

"  We  proposed  to  be  quiet  travelers  through  the  state  of  Missouri,  hoping  and 
expecting  without  stopping  here,  to  rest  this  night  on  the  other  side  of  the  Mis 
souri,  where  we  knew  we  would  be  welcome.  [A  voice — '  We  won't  hurt  you.'] 
No,  I  know  you  won't  hurt  me.  The  man  who  never  wished  evil  to  any  human 
being,  who  challenges  enemies  as  well  as  friends  to  show  the  wrong  with  which 
any  being  made  in  his  own  form  can  accuse  him  when  he  comes  before  the  bar  of 
justice,  has  no  fear  of  being  harmed  in  the  country  of  his  birth  and  of  his  affection. 
But  I  stated  that,  not  merely  for  the  purpose  of  showing  how  agreeable  is  this 
fraternal  welcome.  It  is  full  of  promise.  I  pass  over  all  that  has  been  said  to  me 
of  consideration  for  myself.  There  are  subjects  on  which  I  take  no  verdict  from 
my  fellow  citizens.  I  choose  to  take  the  approbation,  if  I  can  get  it,  of  my  own 
•conscience,  and  to  wait  till  a  future  age  for  the  respect  and  consideration  of  man 
kind.  But  I  will  dwell  for  one  moment  on  this  extraordinary  scene,  full  of  assur 
ance  on  many  points,  and  interesting  to  every  one  of  you  as  it  is  to  me. 

"  The  most  cheering  fact,  as  it  is  the  most  striking  one  in  it,  is  that  we  who  are 
visitors  and  pilgrims  to  Kansas,  beyond  you,  find  that  we  have  reached  Kansas 
already  on  the  northern  shores  of  the  Missouri  river.  Now  come  up  here — if 
there  are  any  such  before  me — you,  who  are  so  accustomed  to  sound  an  alarm 
about  the  danger  of  a  dissolution  of  the  Union  5  come  up  here,  and  look  at  the 
.scene  of  Kansas  and  Missouri,  so  lately  hostile,  brought  together  on  either  shore 
in  the  bonds  of  fraternal  affection  and  friendship.  That  is  exactly  what  will  al 
ways  occur  whenever  you  attempt  to  divide  this  people  and  to  set  one  portion 
against  another.  The  moment  you  have  brought  the  people  to  the  point  where 
there  is  the  least  degree  of  danger  to  the  national  existence  felt,  then  those  whom 
party  malice  or  party  ambition  have  arrayed  against  each  other  as  enemies,  will 
embrace  each  other  as  friends  and  brethren. 

"  Let  me  tell  you  this  simple  truth  ;  that  though  you  live  in  a  land  of  slavery 
there  is  not  a  man  among  you  who  does  not  love  slavery  less  than  he  loves  the 
Union.  Nor  have  I  ever  met  the  man  who  loved  freedom  so  much,  under  any  of 
the  aspects  involved  in  the  present  presidential  issues,  as  he  loved  the  Union,  for  it 
is  only  through  the  stability  and  perpetuity  of  this  Union  that  any  blessings  what 
ever  may  be  expected  to  descend  on  the  American  people. 

"  And  now,  fellow  citizens,  there  is  another  lesson  which  this  occasion  and  this 
demonstration  teach.  They  teach  that  there  is  no  difference  whatever  in  the  na 
ture,  constitution  or  character  of  the  people  of  the  several  states  of  this  Union,  or 
of  the  several  sections  of  this  Union.  They  are  all  of  one  nature,  even  if  they 
are  not  all  native  born,  and  educated  in  the  same  sentiments.  Although  many  of 
them  came  from  distant  lands,  still  the  very  effect  of  their  being  American  citizens 
is  to  make  them  all  alike. 


100  MEMOIR. 

"  I  will  tell  you  why  this  is  so.  The  reason  is  simply  this :  The  democratic  prin 
ciple  that  every  man  ought  to  be  the  owner  of  the  soil  that  he  cultivates,  and  the 
owner  of  the  limbs  and  the  head  that  he  applies  to  that  culture,  has  been  adopted 
in  some  of  the  states  earlier  than  in  others ;  and  where  it  was  adopted  earliest  it 
has  worked  out  the  fruits  of  higher  advancement,  of  greater  enterprise,  of  greater 
prosperity.  Where  it  has  not  been  adopted,  enterprise  and  industry  have  lan 
guished  in  proportion.  But  it  is  going  through  ;  it  is  bound  to  go  through.  [A 
voice — '  It's  not  going  through  here.']  Yes,  here.  As  it  has  already  gone  through 
eighteen  states  of  the  Union  so  it  is  bound  to  go  through  all  of  the  other  fifteen. 
It  is  bound  to  go  through  all  of  the  thirty-three  states  of  the  Union  for  the  simple 
reason  that  it  is  going  through  the  world." 

On  Monday  (September  24),  Mr.  Seward  reached  Kansas.  As  he 
passed  down  the  Missouri  river,  he  was  recognized  at  several  places 
on  the  Missouri  and  Kansas  shores  of  the  river,  and  saluted  with 
cheers,  entering  into  frank  and  familiar  conversations  with  the  peo 
ple.  His  first  step  on  the  soil  of  Kansas,  at  Leavenworth,  was  an 
nounced  by  the  firing  of  cannon  and  the  shouts  of  thousands  of 
people.  He  was  escorted  to  the  hotel  by  a  procession  of  citizens, 
including  all  the  mechanics  in  the  city,  bearing  their  various  tools 
and  implements.  Mr.  A.  C.  Wilder,  in  introducing  Mr.  Seward  to 
the  people,  spoke  of  him  as  the  representative  of  Kansas  in  the 
senate  of  the  United  States.1  Mr.  Seward's  remarks  in  response 
were,  at  the  time,  briefly  sketched  as  follows: 

"Mr.  Seward  began  his  reply  by  saying  that  it  was  well  that  he  had  not  the 
voice  to  enable  him  to  speak  at  length,  for  the  emotions  which  were  crowding 
upon  him  could  not  be  expressed  in  words.  He  would  not  have  them  think  him 
wanting  in  gratitude,  if  his  language  failed  to  express  the  feelings  which  oppressed 
him.  Many  years  ago,  when  he  visited  General  Lafayette,  the  brave  Frenchman 
who  fought  for  us,  he  saw,  at  the  entrance  of  his  residence,  two  brass  cannons, 
which  bore  the  inscription,  '  Presented  by  the  liberty-loving  citizens  of  Paris.' 
Here,  at  his  entrance  into  Kansas,  he  found  two  symbols  of  the  spirit  of  her  free- 
people.  The  one  was  the  cannon  which  was  booming  on  the  hill  near  by.  He 
had  heard  that  it  was  captured  by  the  free  state  men  during  the  commotion  which 
existed  several  years  ago,  when  they  were  struggling  for  free  institutions.  An 
other  evidence  of  the  free  impulses  by  which  we  were  animated  was  the  organi 
zation  of  the  wide-awakes  whom  he  saw  around  him,  not  in  the  customary  cos 
tume  of  that  body,  but  as  an  army  of  free  laboring  men — carpenters,  masons,  and 
mechanics  of  all  kinds — who  had  come  out,  in  their  working  clothes,  with  their 
tools  of  all  kinds,  in  a  body,  to  welcome  him.  Mr.  Seward  proceeded  to  pay  a 
handsome  compliment  to  the  wide-awake  club.  He  then  alluded  again  to  the 
subject  of  free  labor,  and  said  that  it  must  be  respected  as  being  the  foundation  of 

i  See  Appendix. 


VISIT   TO    KANSAS — SPEECH   AT   LAWRENCE.  101 

•our  strength  and  prosperity.  Whatever  of  reputation  he  had  acquired  was  due- 
mainly  to  the  fact  that  he  had  endeavored,  in  his  public  capacity,  to  lay  the  foun 
dation  of  free  states,  and  especially  the  free  state  of  Kansas.  He  then  paid  a  glow 
ing  tribute  to  the  people  of  this  territory.  He  said  they  had  achieved  freedom  for 
themselves;  and  now  it  was  their  duty  to  aid  in  securing  it  to  the  embryo  states 
around  them.  Kansas  stood  as  a  sentinel  in  the  pathway  to  the  large  region  of 
country  extending  from  the  British  possessions  on  the  north  to  Texas  on  the  south 
and  west  beyond  the  Rocky  mountains.  It  was  our  duty  to  give  our  influence  to 
secure  freedom  to  the  states  which  would  spring  up  in  that  wide  domain.  Mr. 
Seward  then  apologized  for  the  brevity  of  his  remarks.  He  could  make  but  one 
extended  speech  in  this  territory,  and  that  would  be  at  Lawrence,  on  account  of 
its  central  position.  He  closed  by  urging  the  people  to  cherish  the  free  institutions 
for  which  they  had  so  long  contended.  Freedom  was  not  only  established  here, 
but  would  eventually  prevail  in  the  whole  Union,  on  the  whole  continent,  and 
through  the  whole  world." 

Mr.  Seward,  desirous  of  learning  the  actual  condition  of  Kansas, 
avoided,  as  far  as  possible,  any  further  public  notice,  and  traveled  by 
private  conveyance  over  as  large  a  portion  of  the  territory  as  his 
limited  time  would  permit,  visiting,  especially,  Lecompton  and  To- 
peka.  At  the  latter  place  he  was,  although  entirely  unexpected, 
honored  with  salutes  from  cannon.  He  pertinaciously  declined  to 
address  the  people,  bat  received  them  all,  of  both  sexes,  in  a  free 
and  easy  conversational  manner,  mingling  with  them  in  the  streets 
"by  the  light  of  their  bonfires. 

It  had  already  been  arranged  that  he  should  speak  at  Lawrence  on 
the  twenty-sixth.  On  that  day,  as  he  approached  the  city,  he  was 
met  by  an  immense  cavalcade  of  citizens,  and  conducted  to  the  place 
.appointed  for  the  meeting.  Here  he  was  welcomed  to  the  city  and 
territory,  in  eloquent  speeches1  by  Mayor  Deitzler  and  G-overnor 
Eobinson,  and  by  the  enthusiastic  and  hearty  cheers  of  the  people. 
Mr.  Seward's  speech,  on  this  occasion,  is  a  condensed  but  eloquent 
review  of  the  struggle  for  freedom  in  Kansas,  containing  vivid  pic 
tures  of  its  beautiful  scenery,  with  touching  allusions  to  its  impend 
ing  calamity.2  It  will  be  found  in  another  part  of  this  volume,  and 
should  be  read  in  this  connection,  as  a  portion  of  the  history  of  Mr. 
Seward's  visit  to  Kansas.  Its  delivery  was  hailed  with  the  most 
enthusiastic  plaudits  of  the  people,  who  had  come  from  all  parts  of 
the  territory,  some  of  them  long  distances  on  foot.  The  day  was 
-closed  with  the  festivities  of  a  public  dinner  and  ball. 

i  See  Appendix.        2  Kansas,  as  is  well  known,  was  then  guttering  from  a  drouth  of  unparal 
leled  severity,  which  had  prevented  the  raising  of  any  kind  of  grain  or  vegetable  food. 


102  MEMOIR. 

On  the  next  morning  Mr.  Seward  left  Lawrence,  turning  his  steps, 
for  the  first  time,  eastward  and  homeward.  Hoping  to  escape  any 
further  attention  in  Leaven  worth,  he  arrived  in  that  city  in  the  eve 
ning.  But  the  wide-awakes  and  the  citizens  generally  had  assembled 
in  large  numbers,  awaiting  his  appearance.  With  the  usual  accom 
paniments  of  music  and  torchlights,  he  reentered  the  city.  Unable 
to  resist  the  demands  made  upon  him,  he  took  the  stand  which  had 
been  erected  in  front  of  the  hotel  for  the  occasion,  and,  after  the 
cheering  had  subsided,  spoke  briefly,  as  follows : 

"FELLOW  CITIZENS:  I  would  talk  to  you  until  midnight,  pouring  forth  all  my 
most  earnest  and  hopeful  thoughts,  if  I  were  sure  that  the  outside  world  could 
know,  as  you  do,  that  I  speak  on  your  compulsion,  overcoming  more  determined 
resolutions  of  silence  than  I  ever  before  had  formed  in  similar  circumstances. 

"  I  sometimes  allow  myself  to  indulge  speculations  concerning  the  period  \vhen 
there  shall  be  on  this  continent  no  other  power  than  the  United  States ;  and  a  new 
constitution  of  human  society  opens  itself  before  me  when  I  contemplate  the 
influence  then  to  be  wrought  on  Europe  and  on  Asia  by  the  American  people, 
situated  midway  between  the  abodes  of  western  and  oriental  civilization.  One 
great,  influential  state  must  then  exist  here,  west  of  the  Mississippi  and  east  of 
the  Rocky  mountains.  Which  would  that  great  and  influential  state  be  ?  It  ought 
to  be  Missouri.  It  certainly  would  have  been,  if  her  people  had.  from  the  first. 
been  as  wise  as  you  are.  I  do  not,  indeed,  know,  nor  think  it  certain,  that  Mis 
souri  will  not  yet  be  that  great  and  influential  state ;  for  there  is  hope — there  is 
assurance — that  Missouri,  taught,  though  slowly  and  reluctantly,  by  the  instructions 
and  example  of  Illinois,  Iowa,  and  especially  Kansas,  will  consent  to  become  a 
free  state.  She  has,  with  vast  dimensions,  a  soil  as  fertile  and  skies  as  genial,  and 
a  position  for  commerce  as  favorable,  as  those  with  which  God  has  blessed  any 
part  of  the  earth.  She  has  need,  however,  to  study  the  moral  conditions  of 
national  greatness. 

"The  fundamental  moral  conditions  of  a  state,  or  a  republic,  are  simply  theser 
that  every  man  shall  enjoy  equal  and  exact  justice,  and  thus  have  the  fullest  oppor 
tunity  for  improving  his  own  condition,  his  intellect,  and  his  heart,  and  to  win  the 
rewards  of  character  and  of  influence  on  society  and  on  mankind.  In  this  respect,, 
you,  the  people  of  Kansas,  have  passed  Missouri,  and  are  ahead  even  of  Nebraska, 
Iowa,  and  every  other  state  in  the  American  Union.  All  other  states  have  com 
promised  more  or  less  of  these  conditions.  A  stern  experience  of  wrong  received 
from  slavery  has  awakened  among  you  a  love  of  freedom,  and  a  discriminating- 
appreciation  of  its  value,  that  can  never  admit  of  demoralization.  You  alone  have 
escaped  demoralization,  which  all  the  other  states  have,  at  some  times  and  in  some 
degrees,  undergone.  Freedom,  and  not  slavery,  in  the  territories  of  the  United 
States,  has  been,  in  fact,  only  an  abstract  question  in  other  states.  But  here  it 
has  been  a  vital,  an  inspiring,  a  forming  principle.  Your  territory  was  made  the 
active  arena  of  that  'irrepressible  conflict'  between  free  labor  and  slave  labor, 
where  it  came  to  the  trial  of  mind  with  mind,  of  voice  with  voice,  of  vote  with 
vote,  of  bullet  against  bullet,  and  of  cannon  against  cannon.  You  have  ac- 


RECEPTION  AND   SPEECH    AT   ATCHISON   CITY.  103 

quired,  practically,  and  through  dangers  and  sufferings,  the  education  and  the  dis- 
•  upline  and  the  elevation  of  freedom. 

"  If  there  is  a  people  in  any  part  of  the  world  I  ought  to  cherish  with  enduring 
respect,  with  the  warmest  gratitude  and  with  the  deepest  interest,  assuredly  it  is 
the  people  of  Kansas;  for,  but  for  the  practical  trial  you  have  given  to  the  system 
which  I  had  adopted — but  for  the  vindication,  at  so  much  risk  and  so  much  cost, 
of  your  highest  rights  under  the  law,  I  must  have  gone  to  my  grave  a  disappointed 
man,  a  false  teacher,  in  the  estimation  of  the  American  people.  Yours  is  the 
thirty-first  of  thirty-four  states  of  the  Union  which  I  have  visited  for  the  purpose 
of  knowing  their  soils  their  skies,  and  their  people.  I  have  visited,  in  the  course 
of  my  lifetime,  more  than  three-fourths  of  the  civilized  nations  of  the  world ;  and 
of  all  the  states  and  nations  which  I  have  seen,  that  people  which  I  hold  to  be  the 
wisest,  the  worthiest,  and  the  best,  is  the  people  of  this  little  state.  The  reason 
of  it  is  expressed  in  the  old  proverb,  '  handsome  is  that  handsome  does.'  If  other 
nations  have  higher  education  and  greater  refinement,  and  have  cultivated  the 
virtues  and  accomplishments  of  civilized  life  more  than  you  have,  I  have  yet  to  see 
any  other  nation  or  people  that  has  been  able,  in  its  infancy,  in  its  very  organization, 
to  meet  the  shocks  of  the  aristocratic  system  through  which  other  nations  have 
been  injured  or  ruined,  to  repel  all  attacks,  overcome  all  hindrances,  and  to  come 
out  before  the  world  in  the  attitude  of  a  people  who  will  not,  under  any  form  of 
persuasion,  seduction  or  intimidation,  consent,  any  one  of  them,  to  be  a  slave,  any 
one  of  them  to  make  a  slave,  any  one  of  them  to  hold  a  slave,  or  consent  that  any 
foot  of  their  territory  shall  be  trodden  by  a  slave,  or  by  a  man  who  is  not  equal 
to  every  other  man  in  the  view  of  the  constitution  and  of  the  laws." 

At  Atchison  city  lie  was  again  detained  by  the  people,  who  had 
prepared  for  him  a  most  flattering  reception.  A  triumphal  arch 
formed  of  oak  trees  bore  the  inscription,  "  Welcome  to  Seward,  the 
defender  of  Kansas  and  of  Freedom."  The  houses  in  the  city  were 
covered  with  festoons  made  of  oak  boughs.  He  was  received  by 
the  mayor  under  a  banner,  bearing  the  motto  "THE  SUBDUERS  ARE 
THEMSELVES  SUBDUED."  Apparently,  the  whole  population  of  the 
city  and  neighborhood  had  assembled  to  meet  him.  After  being 
introduced  to  the  people,  in  an  appropriate  speech  by  the  mayor,1 
Mr.  Seward  addressed  them  as  follows : 

"  Referring  to  the  apology  made  by  Mr.  Martin,  for  the  inadequacy  of  the  re 
ception,  he  said  that  they  might  judge  of  what  he  himself  thought  of  it,  when  he 
delared  to  them  that  his  welcome  bore  all  the  impress  of  those  that  he  had  seen 
given  in  other  countries  to  hereditary  princes.  Compared  with  other  demon 
strations  in  the  territory,  this  was  unsurpassed.3  He  said  he  had  tried  to  avoid 
all  such  demonstrations  which  only  tend  to  make  him  misunderstood,  for  the  world 

1  The  Mayor  was  a  democrat.  General  Pomeroy,  also  made  a  few  remarks,  followed  by  General 
Nye  in  an  eloquent  speeeh. 
3  Atchis-oi)  was  one  of  the  "border  rnflian  ''  towns  on  the  Missouri  river. 


104  M  E  M  O  I  K  . 

might  think  that  in  coming  to  Kansas  he  came  to  receive  honors,  instead  of  com 
ing  to  learn  what  was  necessary  to  enable  him  to  perform  his  duty  to  her  citizens 
and  their  cause,  better  than  he  had  heretofore  been  able  to  do. 

"  I  find,"  said  he,  "  the  territory  of  Kansas  as  rich  if  not  richer,  in  its  soil  and  in 
its  resources  of  material  prosperity,  than  any  state  with  which  I  have  been 
acquainted,  and  I  have  already  visited  thirty-one  of  the  thirty-four  states  of  the 
Union.  In  climate,  I  know  of  none  that  seems  to  be  so  desirable.  It  is  now  suf 
fering,  in  its  southern  and  western  counties  more  especially,  the  privations  of  want, 
falling  very  heavily  on  its  latest  settlers,  resulting  from  the  absence  of  rain  for  a 
period  of  ten  or  twelve  months.  I  go  out  of  the  territory  of  Kansas  with  a  sad 
ness  that  hangs  over  and  depresses  me,  not  because  I  have  not  found  the  country 
far  surpassing  all  my  expectations  of  its  improvement  and  cultivation,  not  because 
I  have  not  found  here  a  prosperous  and  happy  people,  but  because  I  have  found 
families,  some  from  my  own  state,  some  from  other  states  and  some  from  foreign 
countries,  who  were  induced,  and  justly  and  wisely  induced,  to  come  to  this  region 
within  the  last  year  or  two,  and  who,  having  exhausted  all  their  means  and  all 
their  resources  in  establishing  homes  for  themselves,  have  been  disappointed  in 
gaining  from  their  labor,  provision  for  the  supply  of  their  wants.  And  all  this  the 
result  of  a  desolating  drought  which  pervades  a  large  portion  of  the  state. 

"  I  hope  that  the  tales  which  I  have  heard  are  exaggerated,  and  that  families 
are  not  actually  perishing  for  want  in  some  of  the  western  counties  of  Kansas.  I 
have  faith  in  the  complete  success  of  your  system,  and  in  the  ultimate  prosperity 
and  development  of  the  state  of  Kansas ;  I  have  it  for  the  most  obvious  reason, 
that  if.  Kansas  is  a  failure  my  whole  life  has  been  worse  than  a  failure ;  but  if 
Kansas  shall  prove  a  success,  as  I  know  it  will,  then  I  shall  stand  redeemed,  at 
least  in  history,  for  the  interest  I  have  taken  in  the  establishment  of  civilization 
on  the  banks  of  the  Missouri  river  upon  the  principles  and  policy  which  you  have 
laid  down.  I  pray  you,  you  who  are  rich,  you  who  are  prosperous,  to  appoint 
active  and  careful  men  to  make  researches  in  the  territory  for  those  who  are  suf 
fering  by  this  dreadful  visitation  of  Providence  ;  to  take  care  that  the  emigrant 
who  came  in  last  winter  and  last  spring  be  not  suffered,  through  disappointment 
and  want,  to  return  to  the  state  whence  he  came,  carrying  back  a  tale  of  suffering 
and  privation  and  distress  which  might  retard  for  years  the  development  of  society 
here.  I  hope  you  will  not  regard  this  advice  of  mine  as  being  without  warrant. 
I  give  it  for  your  own  sake,  I  give  it  for  the  sake  of  the  people  of  Kansas,  as  well 
as  because  rny  sympathies  have  been  moved  by  the  distress  I  have  seen  around 
me.  If  this  advice  shall  be  taken  in  good  part,  then  I  am  free  to  tell  you,  that  in 
m7  judgment,  there  is  not  the  least  necessity  for  any  person  leaving  this  territory, 
Both-withstanding  the  greatness  of  the  calamity  that  has  befallen  it,  I  have  seen 
whole  districts  that  have  produced  neither  the  winter  wheat,  nor  the  spring  wheat, 
nor  the  rye,  nor  the  buckwheat,  nor  the  potato,  nor  the  root  of  any  kind ;  yet  I  have 
seen  on  all  your  prairies,  upland  and  bottom  land,  cattle  and  horses  in  great  num 
bers,  and  all  of  them  in  perfect  condition ;  and  I  am  sure  that  there  is  a  surplus 
supply  of  stock  in  this  territory  which,  if  disposed  of,  would  produce  all  that  is 
necessary  to  relieve  every  one  in  the  territory.  What  is  required,  therefore,  is 
simply  that  you  should  seek  out  want  where  it  exists,  and  apply  your  own  surplus 
means  to  relieve  it.  If  this  should  fail,  and  if  you  should  feel  it  necessary  to  ap 
ply  to  your  countrymen  in  the  east  for  aid,  I  will  second  that  appeal,  I  and  the 


CLOSING   SPEECH   IN   KANSAS — ATCHISON.  105 

gentlemen  who  have  been  visiting  the  country  with  me,  and  it  will  not  be  our 
fault  if  we  do  not  send  back  from  the  east  the  material  comforts  that  will  cheer 
and  reanimate  those  who  are  depressed  and  suffering.  This  state,  larger  than  any 
of  the  old  thirteen  states,  has  not  one  acre  that  is  unsusceptible  of  cultivation ; 
not  one  foot  that  may  not  be  made  productive  of  the  supplies  of  the  wants  of 
of  human  life,  comforts  and  luxuries. 

"  The  question  was  propounded  to  me,  not  of  my  seeking ;  it  came  before  me. 
because  I  was  in  a  position  where  I  must  meet  all  questions  of  this  kind;  it  came 
some  six  years  ago:  Do  the  interests  of  human  society  require  that  this  land  of 
Kansas  should  be  possessed  by  slaveholders  and  cultivated  with  slaves,  or  possessed 
and  cultivated  by  free  men,  every  one  of  whom  shall  own  the  land  which  he  cul 
tivates  and  the  muscles  with  which  he  tills  the  earth  ?  When  I  look  back  at  that 
period,  only  six  or  seven  years  ago,  it  seems  strange  to  me  that  any  man  living  on 
this  continent,  himself  a  free  man  and  having  children  who  are  free,  himself  a  free 
laborer  and  having  children  who  must  be  free  laborers,  himself  earning  his  own 
subsistence  and  having  children  who  must  depend  on  their  own  efforts  for  their 
support,  should  be  willing  to  resign  a  portion  of  this  continent  so  great,  a  soil  so  rich, 
a  climate  so  genial,  to  the  support  of  African  negroes  instead  of  white  men. 

"  Africa  was  not  crowded  so  as  to  need  that  her  children  should  have  Kansas. 
Africa  has  never  sent  to  this  country  one  voluntry  exile  or  emigrant,  and  never  will. 
The  sons  of  Africa  have  lands  which  for  them  are  more  productive,  have  habits 
more  congenial  and  skies  better  tempered  than  yours  are.  I  have  supposed  it  far 
better,  therefore,  to  leave  the  people  of  Africa  where  God  planted  them,  on  their 
native  shores.  But  the  case  was  different  with  men  of  my  own  race,  the  white 
men,  the  blue-eyed  men,  the  yellow-haired  men  of  England,  of  Ireland,  of 
Scotland,  of  France,  of  Germany,  of  Italy.  Ever  since  this  continent  was  dis 
covered,  oppression  in  every  form  has  been  driving  them  from  those  lands  to  seek 
homes  for  their  subsistence  and  support  on  this  continent.  There  is  no  difference 
between  us  all  except  this:  that  my  father  was  driven  out  of  Europe  by  want 
and  privation  some  hundred  years  ago,  and  others  some  hundred  years  later,  and 
some  have  just  come,  and  tens  of  thousands,  aye,  millions,  have  yet  to  come.  We 
are  all  exiles  directly,  or  represent  those  who  were  exiles ;  all  exiles  made  by  op 
pression,  superstition  and  tyranny  in  Europe.  We  are  of  one  family,  race  and 
kindred,  all  here  in  the  pursuit  of  happiness,  all  seeking  to  improve  our  condition, 
all  seeking  to  elevate  our  character.  My  sympathies  have  gone  with  this 
class  of  men.  My  efforts  have  been,  as  they  must  always  be,  to  lay  open  before 
them  the  vast  regions  of  this  continent,  to  the  end  that  we  may  establish  here  a 
higher,  a  better,  and  a  happier  civilization  than  that  from  which  ourselves  or  our 
ancestors  were  exiled  in  foreign  lands. 

"  This  land  should  not  only  be  a  land  of  freedom,  a  land  of  knowledge  and  re 
ligion,  but  it  should  be,  above  all,  a  land,  which  as  yet  cannot  be  said  with  truth  of 
any  part  of  Europe  or  any  other  part  of  the  world,  a  land  of  civil  liberty ;  and  a  land 
can  only  be  made  a  land  of  liberty  by  adopting  the  principle  which  has  never  yet 
obtained  in  Europe,  and  which  is  only  to  be  attained  by  learning  it  from  ourselves, 
that  is,  that  every  human  being,  being  necessarily  born  the  subject  of  a  govern 
ment,  is  a  member  of  the  state,  and  has  a  natural  right  to  be  a  member  of  the 
state,  and  that,  in  the  language  of  the  Declaration  of  Independence,  all  men  are 
born  equal  and  have  inalienable  rights  to  life,  liberty  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness, 

VOL.  IV.  14 


106  MEMOIR. 

Some  of  the  states  were  not  established  on  this  principle.  They  were  established 
a  long  time  ago,  and  under  circumstances  which  prevented  the  adoption  of  this 
principle.  For  those  states,  members  of  our  Union,  who  have  been  unable  or  even 
unwilling  to  adopt  this  principle,  I  have  only  to  say  that  I  leave  them  free  to  en 
joy  whatever  of  happiness,  and  to  attain  whatever  of  prosperity,  they  can  enjoy 
and  attain  with  their  system.  But  when  I  am  called  upon  to  establish  a  govern 
ment  for  a  new- state,  then  I  demand  the  application  of  the  principles  of  the  Dec 
laration  of  Independence,  that  every  man  ought  to  be  and  shall  be  a  free  man. 
"Society  can  have  but  two  forms  by  which  the  individual  can  defend  himself  from 
oppression.  One  is  that  which  puts  a  musket  into  his  hand  and  tells  him  as  the  last 
resort  to  defend  himself  and  his  liberty.  The  other  is  that  which  puts  into  his 
hand  the  ballot,  and  tells  him  in  every  exigency  to  defend  his  rights  with  the  bal 
lot.  I  do  maintain  that  in  founding  a  new  state  we  have  the  perfect  liberty  as 
well  as  the  perfect  right  to  establish  a  government  which  shall  secure  every  man 
in  his  rights;  or  rather,  I  do  say  that  you  must  put  into  every  man's  hand,  not 
the  hands  of  one,  the  ballot ;  or  put  into  every  man's  hand,  arid  not  into  the  hands 
of  a  few,  the  bullet,  so  that  every  man  shall  be  equal  before  the  law  in  his  power 
as  a  citizen.  All  men  shall  have  the  ballot,  or  none;  all  men  shall  have  the  bullet, 
or  none." 

Having  engaged  to  be  in  Chicago  on  the  second  of  October,  Mr. 
Seward  was  now  obliged  to  pursue  his  journey  with  as  few  delays 
as  possible.  He  left  St.  Joseph  early  in  the  morning  of  Saturday, 
the  thirtieth  of  September,  and  reached  St.  Louis  about  midnight. 
Here,  also,  he  had  hoped  to  escape  any  public  attention.  But  the 
telegraph  had  reported  his  coming  an  hour  before  his  arrival,  and 
the  usual  demonstrations  of  a  procession,  music  and  fireworks  had 
been  quickly  prepared  for  his  reception.  Notwithstanding  the  unsea 
sonable  hour  and  the  fatigue  of  a  long  day's  travel,  Mr.  Seward  could 
not  resist  the  earnest  appeals  of  the  multitude  to  address  them.  It 
was  one  o'clock  in  the  morning  when  he  began  to  speak.  The  peo 
ple  were,  nevertheless,  enthusiastic,  and  attentive  in  their  listening. 

"Mr.  Seward  said  that  he  had  come  across  the  Mississippi,  not  to  see  St.  Louis 
or  the  people  of  Missouri,  but  to  see  Kansas,  which  was  entitled  to  his  gratitude 
and  respect.  Missouri  could  take  care  of  herself:  she  did  not  care  for  republican 
principles,  but  warred  with  them  altogether.  If,  forty  years  ago,  Missouri  had 
chosen  to  be  a  free  state,  she  would  now  have  four  millions  of  people,  instead  of 
one  million.  He  was  a  plain-spoken  man,  and  was  here  talking  treason  in  the 
streets  of  St.  Louis.  He  could  not  talk  anything  else,  if  he  talked  as  an  honest 
man ;  but  he  found  himself  out  of  place  here.  Here,  said  he,  are  the  people  of 
Missouri,  who  ask  me  to  make  a  speech,  and,  at  the  same  time,  have  laws  regulat 
ing  what  I  shall  say.  The  first  duty  that  you  owe  to  your  city  and  to  yourselves 
is  to  repeal  and  abrogate  every  law  on  your  statute  book  that  prohibits  a  man  from 
eaying  what  his  honest  judgment  and  sentiment  and  heart  tell  him  is  the  truth. 


EECEPTION   AT   THE   HOME   OF    MR.    LINCOLN.  107 

Though  I  have  said  these  hard  things  about  the  state  of  Missouri,  I  have  no  hard 
sentiments  about  it  or  St.  Louis,  for  I  have  great  faith  and  hope — nay,  absolute 
trust — in  Providence  and  the  American  people.  What  Missouri  wants  is  courager 
resolution,  spirit,  manhood — not  consenting  to  take  only  that  privilege  of  speech 
that  slaveholders  allow,  but  insisting  on  complete  freedom  of  speech. 

"But  I  have  full  trust  that  it  will  all  come  right  in  the  end;  that,  in  ten  yearsr 
you  will  double  your  population,  and  that,  in  fifteen  or  twenty  years,  you  will 
have  four  millions  of  people.  To  secure  that,  you  have  but  to  let  every  man  who* 
comes  here,  from  whatever  state  or  nation,  speak  out  what  he  believes  will  pro 
mote  the  interests  and  welfare  of  mankind.  What  surprised  me  in  Kansas  was 
to  see  the  vast  improvements  made  there  within  six  years,  with  so  little  wealth  OF 
strength  among  the  people ;  and  what  surprises  me  most  in  Missouri  is,  that,  with 
such  a  vast  territory  and  with  such  great  resources,  there  is,  after  so  long  a  settle 
ment,  so  little  of  population,  improvement  and  strength  to  be  found.  I  ought  notr 
perhaps,  to  talk  these  things  to  you.  I  should  have  begun  at  the  other  end  of  the 
story.  But  how  could  I  ?  It  is  true,  a  citizen  of  any  other  state  has  as  much 
liberty  here  as  the  citizens  of  Missouri ;  but  he  has  less  liberty  than  I  like.  I  want 
more  than  you  have.  I  want  to  speak  what  I  think,  instead  of  what  a  Missouri  an 
thinks.  I  certainly  want  to  speak  for  myself,  or  else  not  to  speak  at  all.  Is  not 
that  fair  ?  I  think  you  are  in  a  fair  way  of  shaming  your  government  into  an 
enlightened  position  on  this  subject  of  slavery.  You  are  in  the  way  of  being 
Germanized  into  it.  I  would  much  rather  you  had  got  into  it  by  being  Ameri 
canized  instead' of  G-ermanized;  but  it  is  better  to  come  to  it  through  that  way 
than  not  to  come  to  it  at  all. 

"  It  was  through  the  Germans  Germanizing  Great  Britain  that  Magna  Charta- 
was  obtained,  and  that  that  great  charter  of  English  liberty  came  to  be  the  char 
ter  of  the  liberties  of  the  sons  of  England  throughout  the  whole  world.  What 
ever  lies  in  my  power  to  do  to  bring  into  successful  and  practical  operation  the 
great  principle  that  this  government  is  a  government  for  free  men  and  not  for 
slaves  or  slaveholders,  and  that  this  country  is  to  be  the  home  of  the  exile  from 
every  land,  I  shall  do.  This,  however,  can  only  be  done  by  the  exercise  of  free 
speech.  You  can  do  little  yourselves  in  the  same  direction  until  you  have  secured 
free  debate.  Therefore,  I  finish,  as  I  began,  by  exhorting  you  to  secure  freedom 
of  speech.  That  on.ce  gained,  all  other  freedoms  shall  be  added  thereto."  l 

Mr.  Seward  resumed  his  journey  early  on  Monday  morning.  At 
Springfield,  Illinois,  the  home  of  Abraham  Lincoln,  the  train  stopped 
for  twenty  minutes.  Mr.  Seward  was  cordially  greeted  here  by  a 
great  crowd  of  the  citizens,  among  whom  were  Mr.  Lincoln  and 
Senator  Trumbull.  Mr.  Seward.  in  response  to  the  general  desire, 
made  a  few  remarks  to  the  people  assembled.  Standing  on  the  plat 
form  of  the  car,  in  company  with  his  distinguished  friends,  after  the 
cheers  of  the  multitude  and  the  firing  of  cannon  had  ceased,  he  said : 

1  Mr.  Seward' s  remarks  were  loudly  cheered.  It  was  replied  that  the  laws  against  free  speech 
were  a  dead  letter,  and  that  St.  Louis  was  already  a  free  city — "  as  free  as  Boston." 


108  MEMOIR. 

"  I  am  happy  to  express,  on  behalf  of  the  party  with  whom  I  am  traveling,  our 
gratitude  and  acknowledgments  for  this  kind  and  generous  reception  at  the  home 
of  your  distinguished  fellow  citizen,  our  excellent  and  honored  candidate  for  the 
chief  magistracy  of  the  United  States.  If  there  k  in  any  part  of  the  country  a 
•deeper  interest  felt  in  his  election  than  there  is  in  any  other  part,  it  must  of  course 
be  here,  where  he  has  lived  a  life  of  usefulness;  where  he  is  surrounded  by  the 
•companions  of  his  labors  and  of  his  public  services.  We  are  happy  to  report  to 
you,  altlrough  we  have  traveled  over  a  large  part  of  the  country,  we  have  found 
no  doubtful  states. 

"  You  would  naturally  expect  that  I  should  say  something  about  the  temper 
.and  disposition  of  the  state  of  New  York.  The  state  of  New  York  will  give  a 
generous  and  cheerful  and  effective  support  to  your  neighbor  Abraham  Lincoln. 
I  have  heard  about  combinations  and  coalitions  there,  and  I  have  been  urged  from 
the  beginning  to  abandon  this  journey  and  turn  back  on  my  footsteps.  Whenever 
I  shall  iind  any  reason  to  suspect  that  the  majority  which  the  state  of  New  York 
will  give  for  the  republican  candidate  will  be  less  than  sixty  thousand  votes,  I 
may  do  so.  The  state  of  New  York  never  fails — never  flinches.  She  has.  been 
committed  from  the  beginning,  as  she  will  be  to  the  end,  under  all  circumstances, 
to  the  great  principles  of  the  republican  party. 

"  She  voted  to  establish  this  a  land  of  freedom  for  you  in  1787.  She  sustained 
the  ordinance  of  '87  till  you  were  able  to  take  care  of  yourselves.  Among  the 
first  acts  of  her  government,  she  abolished  slavery  for  herself.  She  has  known 
nothing  of  compromises,  nothing  of  condition  or  qualification  in  this  great  prin 
ciple,  and  she  never  will.  She  will  sustain  your  distinguished  neighbor  because 
she  knows  he  is  true  to  this  great  principle,  and  when  she  has  helped  to  elect 
him,  by  giving  as  large  a  majority  as  can  be  given  by  any  half  dozen  other  states, 
then  you  will  find  that  she  will  ask  less,  exact  less,  from  him,  and  support  him 
more  faithfully  than  any  other  state  can  do.  That  is  the  way  she  did  with  John 
Quincy  Adams,  that  is  the  way  she  sustained  General  Taylor,  and  that  is  the  way 
she  will  sustain  Abraham  Lincoln." 

Mr.  Seward  reached  Chicago  about  seven  o'clock  in  the  evening. 
The  depot,  and  the  streets  around,  were  crowded  with  people.  An 
imposing  escort  accompanied  him  to  the  hotel.  The  streets  through 
which  the  procession  passed  were  thronged  with  enthusiastic  multi 
tudes.  Fireworks  were  displayed  from  many  of  the  public  and 
private  buildings,  and  the  whole  scene  was  a  grand  ovation.  At  the 
hotel,  Mr.  Seward,  alighting  from  the  carriage,  reached  the  house 
only  by  the  efficient  intervention  of  the  police,  returning  the  saluta 
tions  of  the  people  as  he  passed.  He  soon  appeared  on  the  balcony 
in  company  with  John  Wentworth,  the  mayor  of  Chicago.  After 
an  introductory  speech1  from  the  mayor,  Mr.  Seward  addressed  the 
large  assemblage  as  follows: 

See  Appendix. 


RECEPTION   SPEECH   AT  CHICAGO. 

"  MR.  MAYOR  AND  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  The  exaggerated  terms  in  which  you  have 
spoken  of  such  public  services,  recent  or  long  past,  as  I  have  rendered  will  not 
mislead  me.  I  have  a  stern  conscience,  the  approval  of  which  I  must  seek,  and 
which  must  be  the  guide  for  my  public  conduct.  But  I  should  be  ungracious  to 
you,  and  ungrateful  to  my  fellow  citizens,  who  have  honored  me  with  this  magnifi 
cent  manifestation  of  their  respect  and  esteem,  if  I  did  not  freely  and  openly 
confess  my  entire  satisfaction  with  its  sincerity  and  my  appreciation  of  the  affec 
tion  and  respect  which  it  testifies.  How  deeply,  how  sincerely  that  respect  and 
affection  touch  me,  there  is  nobody  but  myself  can  know,  and  I,  unfortunately, 
can  never  tell.  [A  voice,  Louder!']  I  beg  pardon,  my  dear  friend,  I  can  speak 
no  louder  ;  I  have  been  speaking  for  a  month.  You  must  take  me  as  I  am.  If 
I  had  possessed  the  power  I  should  have  done  more  than  I  have  already,  else 
where.  Besides  I  have  some  duty  to  perform  to-morrow. 

MR.  MAYOR  AND  CITIZENS  OF  CHICAGO  :  I  may  say  in  almost  one  sentence  all  that 
I  can  claim  for  myself.  From  my  earliest  experience  as  a  citizen  of  this  country r 
I  was  not  ignorant  of  the  advance  of  empire  across  the  Alleghany  mountains  and 
into  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi.  The  number  of  states,  which  since  my  man 
hood,  have  been  added  to  the  Federal  Union,  and  their  location  in  the  west  are- 
hardly  more  certain  in  my  knowledge  now  than  they  were  in  my  conjectured 
anticipation  at  that  early  period. 

"  And  I  knew  another  truth,  which  has  been  a  guide  to  me  throughout  my 
experience  as  a  representative  man ;  I  knew  that,  whereas  in  other  countries 
commerce  and  those  engaged  in  it  had  been  the  controlling  element  and  the 
controlling  power  of  modern  civilization  ;  yet  that  in  this  country  and  under  the 
circumstances  surrounding  us,  commerce  was  not  to  be  the  controlling  power,  but 
that  I  have  never  been  ignorant — nevei  for  a  moment  been  unconscious — that  the 
political  power  which  directs  the  destinies  of  this  nation,  is  exercised  by  those  of  our 
countrymen  who  cultivate  the  soil,  not  those  who  sell  its  products  in  the  market. 

''Even  the  wayfaring  man,  though  a  fool,  might  know  where  the  mass  of  those 
people  who  should  till  the  soil  would  be  found.  They  could  be  found  nowhere 
else  but  westward  from  the  Alleghany  mountains,  and  eastward  from  the  Pacific- 
ocean,  somewhere  between  British  America  on  the  one  side  and  the  gulf  of  Mex 
ico  on  the  other.  This  being  so,  it  has  seemed  to  me  the  simplest  duty  of  policy 
to  take  care  that  those  people  who  were  to  till  the  soil — this  American  soil — and 
in  the  act  of  cultivating  it  become  the  rulers  of  the  destinies  of  this  mighty  nationr 
should,  in  the  first  place,  be  located,  as  far  as  circumstances  would  allow,  not  upon 
slave  soil,  but  upon  free  soil — that  they  should  not  be  owned  by  masters  or 
owners,  but  that  they  should  own  themselves.  And  if  my  public  life,  my  present 
system — that  which  I  commend  to  the  acceptance  of  my  countrymen  with  such 
ability  as  I  may  have — need  any  exposition  whatever,  this  is  the  simple  truth  and. 
the  whole  of  it. 

"  Neither  you  nor  I  have  any  power  to  disturb  those  of  our  fellow  citizens  in 
the  southern  states  who  maintain  a  different  system  ;  and  having  no  power  there 
we  have  no  responsibility.  We  need  not  fear  that  right,  and  justice,  and  human 
ity,  will  not  prevail  in  this  world,  even  though  we  are  not  in  all  the  fields  where 
battles  are  to  be  fought,  or  instructions  are  to  be  given  to  secure  their  triumph, 
There  have  been  already  six  of  the  thirteen  original  states  of  this  confederacy 
redeemed  by  the  citizens  of  those  states  themselves,  without  interference  or  inter- 


110  MEMOIR. 

vention  from  abroad.  All  the  others  that  remain  may  be  left  under  the  influence 
— the  increasing  influence  of  Christianity,  to  say  nothing  of  policy,  to  deliver 
themselves  from  that'curse  from  which  we  have  been  saved  without  any  interfer 
ence  of  our  own. 

/  "  Non-intervention  in  the  states  by  free  men  is  but  half,  however,  of  the  motto 
of  the  republican  party — non-intervention  by  slaveholders  in  the  territories  of 
the  United  States  is  the  residue.  ) 

"  And  so,  having  abused  your  hospitality  and  kindness  by  setting  forth  a  creed, 
which  I  had  better  reserved  for  another  occasion,  I  beg  you  to  accept  my  apology 
for  failing  to  deliver  you  a  longer  address  now,  and  to  accept  my  best  wishes  that 
you  may  repose  in  peace  and  quiet  to-night,  and  to-morrow,  although  it  is  said  to 
be  a  great  loan  to  ask,  I  will  pray  you  to  lend  me  your  ears  and  I  will  try  to  see 
how  many  of  them  I  can  fill." 

The  trains  and  steamboats  which  arrived  during  the  night  and 
early  the  following  morning  brought  into  Chicago,  from  all  the  north 
ern  portions  of  Illinois  and  vicinity,  an  unprecedented  number  of 
people.1  At  noon,  a  hundred  thousand  had  filled  the  city.  Mr. 
Seward  spoke,  in  an  open  square,  to  as  many  as  could  come  within 
the  reach  of  his  voice,  while  thousands,  at  the  same  time,  were  lis 
tening  in  other  places  to  James  W.  Nye  and  Owen  Lovejoy.  Mr. 
Se ward's  speech,  which  will  be  found  in  succeeding  pages,  is  one  of 
the  most  interesting  of  the  series  made  by  him  during  the  campaign. 
It  touched  the  hearts  of  the  thousands  who  heard  it,  and  of  the  mil 
lions  who  have  read  it.  In  the  evening  Mr.  Seward  was  serenaded 
by  the  wide-awakes,  in  a  procession  that  seemed  interminable. 

He  left  Chicago  on  the  following  day,  arriving  in  Cleveland  on  the 
morning  of  the  fourth.  The  day  was  rainy,  but  a  handsome  recep 
tion  was  given  to  him  by  the  citizens  of  Cleveland  and  its  neighbor 
hood,  who,  in  large  numbers,  assembled  in  the  city  park,  where  he 
was  to  speak.  He  commenced  with  an  earnest  appeal  for  the  starv 
ing  population  of  Kansas : 

"  We  have  visited  Kansas,  and  I  ask  your  leave  to  bring  the  condition  of  that 
territory  before  you,  for  your  careful  and  kind  consideration.  The  soil  and  the 
skies  of  Kansas  are  as  propitious  as  any  people  on  earth  ever  enjoyed — the  people 
as  free,  as  true,  and  as  brave  as  any  in  the  world.  They  are  suffering  severely 
from  a  drought  so  great  that  I  think  it  was  scarcely  exaggerated  when  they  told 
me  they  had  had  no  rain  in  a  large  portion  of  the  territory  for  a  whole  year.  We 
found  that  whole  districts  had  produced  less  vegetable  support  for  human  life  than 
are  to  be  found  in  many  a  garden  which  we  have  passed  in  coming  through  the 
state  of  Ohio.  Districts  in  which  the  winter  wheat,  sowed  last  year,  was  neces- 

'».  The  number  was  estimated  at  over  fifty  thousand. 


RECEPTION   AND   SPEECH   AT   BUFFALO.  Ill 

sarily  plowed  up,  and  sowed  in  the  spring  with  spring  wheat.  The  spring  wheat 
was  plowed  up,  and  the  ground  planted  with  corn.  The  corn  proved  a  failure, 
and  was  followed  with  potatoes.  The  potatoes  were  blasted,  and  followed  by 
buckwheat,  which  also  proved  a  failure.  I  think  that  this  is  a  true  description  of 
the  condition  of  tillage  in  perhaps  two-thirds  of  Kansas.  Still,  there  will  be  no 
treat  famine  or  distress  there. 

"  The  occupants  who  have  been  there  for  two,  three,  four  or  five  years  are  com 
fortable  and  well-to-do,  as  appears  abundantly  from  their  stock,  their  fences, 
their  dwelling  houses  —  framed  of  wood,  and  very  often  substantially  and 
well  built  of  brick  and  stone.  Large  portions  of  the  state  are  as  populous,  and 
exhibit  all  the  signs  of  comfort  and  thrift,  equal  to  what  are  found  even  in  Ohio. 
But  there  are  emigrants  who  have  resided  there  for  only  a  year  whose  whole 
means  have  been  expended  in  procuring  farms  and  shelter,  and  planting  their 
crops,  which  have  successively  failed.  Many  of  these  are  leaving  the  territory — 
some  say  so  many  as  one  hundred  a  day.  They  ought  to  be  relieved,  and  a  very 
little  assistance  would  enable  them  to  remain  there  and  retain  their  possessions  and 
improvements,  and  resume  the  culture  of  their  fields,  under  more  favorable  auspi 
ces,  next  spring.  With  much  diffidence,  I  beg  to  commend  this  subject  to  the 
citizens  of  Ohio.  Perhaps  a  larger  portion  of  the  republicans  of  Kansas  are  emi 
grants  from  Ohio  than  from  any  other  state.  Do  not  forget  that  Kansas  is  the 
most  important  outpost  of  the  republican  army;  that  it  is  yet,  on  paper  at  least, 
in  a  state  of  siege ;  though  the  enemy  has  been  driven  out,  a  treaty  of  peace  and 
independence  has  not  yet  been  signed." 

At  Erie,  in  Pennsylvania,  Mr.  Seward  made  a  few  remarks  to  the 
eager  crowd ;  and  at  various  places  on  the  way  he  met  with  a  friendly 
and  enthusiastic  greeting.  At  Buffalo,  where  he  remained  over 
night,  a  brilliant  display  of  wide-awakes  and  a  large  gathering  of 
citizens  called  from  him  the  following  brijf  speech  : 

"  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  I  understand  this  demonstration.  [Here  there  were  com 
plaints  of  disorder.]  It  is  only  kindness  that  makes  it  turbulent.  But  in  order 
that  you  may  hear  a  voice  which  has  been  exercised  for  five  weeks,  it  will  be 
necessary  for  you  to  hold  your  tongues  and  open  your  ears.  I  am  now  within  a 
hundred  and  fifty  miles  of  my  home,  and  I  remember  so  much  of  the  Scriptures 
as  this,  namely,  that  '  a  prophet  is  not  without  honor  save  in  his  own  country.' 
So  I  am  not  going  to  prophesy  so  near  my  own  place  of  residence.  I  thank  you 
sincerely  for  this  welcome  of  myself  and  of  the  party  with  whom  I  have  been 
traveling  in  the  far  west,  f  I  have  seen,  within  a  year,  all  the  principal  peoples 
who  inhabit  the  shores  of  the  Mediterranean ;  and  within  the  last  five  weeks  have 
journeyed  among  the  population  dwelling  along  the  Mediterranean  coasts  of 
America.  I  have  seen  those  decayed  and  desolate  countries — the  sites  of  the 
greatest  nations  of  antiquity — now  covered  with  ruins,  and  some  in  a  state  almost 
of  semi-barbarism.  The  chief  cause  of  that  decay  and  desolation  I  believe  to  have 
been  the  existence  in  those  countries  of  human  bondage.  The  one  great  evil 
which  could  bring  down  our  country  to  such  a  level,  would  be  the  introduction 


112  MEMOIR. 

of  slavery  into  the  lands  surrounding  the  Mediterranean  of  America.  Therefore 
it  is  that  I  have  devoted  what  little  talent  I  possess  to  prevent  the  ban  of  slavery 
from  falling  upon  the  fertile  valleys  of  the  Mississippi  and  Missouri.  Having  seen 
many  states,  I  come  back  to  New  York,  prouder  of  her,  and  prouder  that  I  belong 
to  her,  than  I  was  when  I  left.  I  estimate  her  so  highly,  not  alone  for  what  she 
is  or  has,  at  home,  but  also  for  what  she  is  and  has  in  the  great  west.  While  I  see 
around  me  here,  so  many  generous  and  noble  men  endeavoring  to  maintain  her  in 
her  proud  position,  I  have  also  found,  all  along  the  shores  of  the  great  lakes,  along 
the  banks  of  the  great  rivers,  and  even  at  the  foot  of  the  Rocky  mountains,  chil 
dren  of  the  state  of  New  York,  almost  as  numerous  as  at  home.  Wisconsin, 
Michigan,  Illinois,  and  Kansas,  are  all  daughters  of  New  York ;  so  is  California ; 
and  more  states  have  been  formed  under  her  auspices,  than  there  were  at  the 
beginning  of  the  Union.  Emigrants  from  Erie  county,  from  Chautauqua,  from 
Cattaraugus,  from  Oswego,  and  from  all  the  counties  of  this  great  state,  people 
the  west.  It  was  a  son  of  New  York  who  first  applied  steam  to  locomotion ;  a 
citizen  of  New  York,  and  also  its  chief  magistrate,  who  began  and  perfected  the 
Erie  canal,  and  over  that  canal  the  stream  of  emigration  has  flowed  which  has 
founded  new  states.  It  has  carried,  sometimes,  in  a  day,  the  people  of  a  western 
town,  a  county  in  a  few  weeks,  and  a  state  in  two  or  three  years.  New  York 
has  built  the  west.  But  I  am,  perhaps,  speaking  in  too  general  terms.  Doubtless 
the  spirit  which  animates  you  at  present,  is  roused  in  regard  to  the  coming  elec 
tion.  It  will  gladden  you  when  I  say,  in  relation  to  the  west,  that  I  have  had 
assurances  there  which  leave  no  doubt  that  it  will  give  its  vote  for  Lincoln.  I 
have  seen  him  at  his  own  home,  and  I  have  now  to  say,  as  I  said  before  I  went 
abroad,  that  he  is  a  man  eminently  worthy  of  the  support  of  every  honest  voter, 
and  well  qualified  to  discharge  the  duties  of  the  chief  magistracy.  Above  all,  he 
is  reliable ;  and  I  repeat  at  the  foot  of  lake  Erie  what  I  said  at  the  head  of  it,  that 
if  it  had  fallen  to  me  to  name  a  man  to  be  elected  as  next  president  of  the  United 
States,  I  would  have  chosen  Abraham  Lincoln.  I  have  promised  out  west  that 
the  state  of  New  York  will  give  him  sixty  thousand  majority  in  November. 

Now,  my  friends,  I  wish  to  know  what  you  can  say  for  Erie  county.  What  majo 
rity  will  Erie  county  give  ?  [Twenty-five  hundred  out  of  the  city  of  Buffalo.] 
Aye,  you  count  majorities  in  the  rural  districts.  That  is  right  and  safe  too.  It  is 
very  fortunate  that,  whatever  may  be  the  case  with  the  population  on  the  side 
walks,  the  rural  districts  are  safe  for  freedom.  Why,  gentlemen,  you  couldn't  take 
any  man  three  months  from  Main  street,  out  into  the  free,  open  country,  without 
converting  him  from  democracy  and  making  him  so  that  he  would  never  think  of 
voting  for  a  democratic  candidate,  or  a  two-faced  candidate,  or  a  candidate  with 
half-a-dozen  principles.  Well !  we'll  see  what  we  can  do  with  the  cities  this  time. 
When  the  cities  begin  to  find  out  that  they  are  not  going  to  rule  the  country,  they 
will  conclude,  perhaps,  that  it  is  better  that  they  agree  with  the  country.  It  is 
very  strange  that  Irishmen  and  Germans  and  Swedes,  so  long  as  they  remain  on 
the  sidewalks,  should  wish  to  be  ruled  by  men  in  the  interest  of  the  slave  power. 
But  you  say,  it  is  not  so  here.  I  have  been  west,  and  have  seen  foreigners  there 
also  who  did  not  wish  to  be  ruled  by  slaveholders.  But  I  have  already  talked 
more  than  I  had  intended,  and  must  stop.  You  wish  to  hear  about  Kansas  ?  I 
will  tell  you.  Whenever  the  city  of  Buffalo  shall  have  come  to  be  inhabited  by 
one  hundred  thousand,  or  one  hundred  and  nine  thousand — which  is  just  the 


THE   END   OF  THE  CAMPAIGN  APPROACHING.  113 

population  of  Kansas — as  virtuous,  as  wise,  as  brave,  as  fearless  as  the  one  hun 
dred  and  nine  thousand  of  Kansas,  there  will  be  an  end  of  the  '  irrepressible  con 
flict'  here,  as  there  is  there." 

Mr.  Seward  reached  his  home,  in  Auburn,  on  Saturday,  October 
6th,  having  been  absent  just  five  weeks.  In  a  speech  to  his  neigh 
bors  and  fellow  citizens  of  Auburn,  on  the  5th  of  November  follow 
ing,  he  says : 

"  I  have  been  a  wanderer  of  late.  From  our  own  laughing  home  here  on  the 
banks  of  the  Owasco,  to  where  the  Green  mountains  cast  their  lengthened  sha 
dows  over  the  Connecticut  at  Windsor.  After  a  stay  there  too  short  for  rest,  but 
not  for  happiness,  to  the  springs  of  the  Penobscot.  From  the  Penobscot  escaping 
or  breaking  through  nets  set  for  me  by  not  unfriendly  hands,  to  renew  my  oath  of 
fealty  at  the  tombs  of  the  elder  and  the  younger  Adams,  at  Quincy.  From  Mas 
sachusetts  Bay  across  green  hills  and  greener  valleys,  over  the  Hudson,  across  the 
ISeneca,  up  and  down  the  G-enesee,  and  coasting  the  lakes  of  Ontario,  Erie,  Huron 
and  Michigan,  down  the  Illinois  to  its  confluence  with  the  Mississippi,  up  the  shri 
veled  river  to  where  it  breaks  into  rapids ;  and  above  them  where  the  fountains 
which  supply  equally  the  St.  Lawrence  and  the  Mississippi,  gush  from  the  earth. 
Across  Minnesota  and  loWa,  down  to  Nebraska  and  Kansas,  where  American  civi 
lization,  on  its  verge,  is  scaling  the  Rocky  mountains,  and  bringing  forth  their  pre 
cious  treasure  of  silver  and  gold ;  and  thence  back  again  with  an  eager  returning 
spirit  to  the  Metropolis  where  sits  the  soul  that  sends  forth  all  the  mighty  energy 
of  that  civilization ;  and  then  by  a  hurried  flight  back  again  in  the  night  to  find 
my  home  leafless  under  the  winds  of  autumn,  but  already  gathering  force  to  put 
forth  a  greener  and  broader  foliage  in  the  coming  year. 

"  These  are  my  travels.  You  will  ask  me  '  what  have  you  seen ;  what  have 
you  learned  ? '  Rather,  my  friends,  ask  me  what  I  have  not  seen,  and  what  un 
known,  or  but  imperfectly  understood  before,  I  have  not  learned  now  and  fully 
understand.  I  have  seen  a  great  nation,  a  greater  nation  than  I  saw  last  year, 
although  then  I  traveled  the  Old  World  from  the  Dead  sea  to  the  pillars  of  Hercu 
les  ;  a  greater  nation  than  has  existed  in  ancient  or  in  modern  times.  I  saw  not 
only  the  country,  its  forests,  its  mountains,  its  rivers,  its  lakes,  and  its  prairies,  but 
I  saw  its  people,  men,  women  and  children,  many,  many  millions  of  every  nation 
and  of  every  derivation." 

As  the  day  of  election  approached  it  became  evident  that  the  re 
sult  depended  upon  the  vote  of  the  state  of  New  York.  The  Oc  - 
tober  elections  in  Pennsylvania  and  Indiana  indicated  a  republican 
triumph  in  November,  unless  the  electoral  vote  of  New  York  could 
be  wrested  from  Lincoln.  The  whole  contest,  therefore,  at  once,  cen 
tered  upon  the  Empire  State.  The  three  branches  of  the  opposi 
tion,  the  supporters  of  Douglas,  Bell  and  Breckinridge,  united  upon 
one  electoral  ticket.  The  alarm  of  disunion  was  raised.  The  city 

VOL.  IV.  15 


114  MEMOIR. 

of  New  York  was  convulsed  with  a  financial  panic ;  and  no  efforts 
were  spared  to  extend  the  alarm  into  all  parts  of  the  state.  It  was 
everywhere  proclaimed  that  only  the  defeat  of  Lincoln  could  save 
the  country  from  ruin.  In  this  crisis,  as  heretofore,  the  people 
turned  to  Mr.  Seward.  He  was  pressed  to  speak  in  almost  every 
county  in  the  state.  In  one  of  his  letters  declining  an  invitation,  he 
says: 

"  My  friends  will  ultimately  excuse  the  delinquency  I  am  sure,  when  they  re 
flect  that  since  the  25th  of  November,  1858,  I  have  had  only  eighty-five  days,  all 
told,  for  the  occupations  and  duties  of  home,  while  I  not  only  enjoy  no  exemption, 
but  on  the  contrary  have  more  than  an  ordinary  burden  of  domestic  cares  and 
responsibilities." 

He  found  time,  however,  to  address  immense  assemblages  at 
several  places  within  the  state.  At  the  earnest  request  of  the  re 
publicans  of  the  city  of  New  York,  he  visited  that  city  a  few  days 
before  the  election,  and  spoke  in  Palace  Garden,  to  one  of  the  largest 
and  most  enthusiastic  audiences  ever  seen  in  New  York.  His  re 
ception  in  the  metropolis  was  flattering,  indeed.  At  Binghamton, 
Fredonia,  Seneca  Falls,  Lyons,  and  wherever  he  appeared,  the  peo 
ple  gathered  to  hear  him,  in  unusual  numbers. 

On  the  night  before  the  election,  as  it  was  his  custom,  he  addressed 
the  people  of  Auburn.  His  speech  on  this  occasion,  although  par 
taking  of  the  character  of  a  familiar  counsel  with  neighbors  and 
friends,  was  full  of  his  usual  broad  and  statesmanlike  views.  It 
fittingly  closed  the  great  debate.1 

The  result  of  the  election  is  too  recent  to  need  remark.  Every 
free  state  gave  its  electoral  vote  for  Abraham  Lincoln,  except  New 
Jersey,  which  voted  four  for  Lincoln,  three  for  Douglas.  The  re 
publican  majority  in  the  state  of  New  York  was  over  fifty  thousand. 
In  Michigan,  Wisconsin  and  Minnesota,  as  in  the  New  England 
states  the  opposition  seemed  to  have  abandoned  the  field.  In  Penn 
sylvania,  Ohio,  Indiana,  Illinois  and  Iowa  the  pluralities  for  Mr. 
Lincoln  were  unexpectedly  large.  Equally  unexpected  were  the 
favorable  results  in  Oregon  and  California.  In  the  slave  states  nearly 
thirty  thousand  votes  were  cast  in  favor  of  Lincoln  and  Hamlin. 
As  the  tidings  of  the  result,  spread  over  the  free  states,  joyous 

1  This  speech,  with  those  at  New  York,  Seneca  Falls,  and  other  places,  will  be  found  in  subse 
quent  pages  ot  this  volume. 


CELEBRATION   OF   THE   VICTORY.  115 

demonstrations,  in  almost  every  city  and  town,  burst  forth,  sponta 
neously. 

At  Auburn  the  republicans  celebrated  the  national  triumph  in  an 
appropriate  manner.  The  enthusiastic  procession  which  paraded 
the  streets,  lighted  up  with  fireworks  and  illuminations,  called  upon 
Mr.  Seward.  Gathering  within  his  beautiful  grounds  in  front  of  his 
house  they  insisted  upon  his  addressing  them.  The  demonstrations 
of  secession,  soon  so  flagrant,  were  just  then  revealing  themselves. 
After  a  few  humorous  remarks  in  allusion  to  local  incidents  and  the 
result  of  the  election  in  their  city  and  county,1  he  spoke  as  follows: 

V  "  FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  You  have  a  right  to  rejoice.  I  remember  that  I  thought  it  an 
occasion  for  rejoicing  when  the  good  cause  we  now  maintain  carried  one  ward  in 
the  city,  one  or  two,  or  three  towns  in  the  county,  and  the  state  of  Vermont  alone 
in  the  whole  country.  Who  then  will  deny  our  right  to  rejoice  now  when  it 
carries  all  the  wards  in  the  city,  all  the  towns  in  the  county,  all  the  counties  in  the 
state  where  its  argument  is  fairly  heard,  and  practically  all  the  slates  in  the  Union 
which  allow  in  law  and  in  fact,  free  speech,  free  debates,  free  mails,  and  free  and 
universal  suffrage.  It  is  the  earnest  of  its  universal  acceptance. 

''  But  there  is  still  greater  reason  to  rejoice  in  the  manner  in  which  this  success 
has  been  won.  It  is  the  verdict  of  the  people  for  a  principle — the  republican 
principle — the  true  democratic  principle  of  equal  and  exact  justice  to  all  men.  It 
is  a  verdict  rendered  purely  on  conviction,  without  passion  or  interest.  Not  a 
republican  vote  in  the  United  States  has  been  procured  through  terror,  not  one  by 
bribery  or  corruption.  Nay,  every  vote  has  been  given  in  resistance  of  intimida 
tion  and  corruption.  I  do  not  charge  that  the  fusion  votes  or  other  opposition 
votes  were  largely  given  under  such  appliances.  But  the  record  of  the  canvass 
remains,  and  bears  its  testimony  that  the  main  argument  of  those  parties  was  their 
menace  of  disunion,  and  the  last  reliance  was  money  at  the  polls.  \  Who  will  now 
libel  the  American  people  ?  Who  will  deny  their  virtue  ? 

"  But  this  demonstration  of  yours  has  its  meaning — its  meaning  in  various 
relations.  It  recalls  the  past,  and  tells  that  the  erroneous  national  policy  of  forty 
years  has  been  retraced,  reconsidered,  reversed,  condemned  and  renounced/  Let, 
then,  the  passions  and  the  prejudices  be  buried  with  the  errors  of  the  past.  It 
bears  on  the  future.  It  assures  us  that  hereafter  the  policy  of  the  country  will  be 
the  development  of  its  resources,  the  increase  of  its  strength  and  its  greatness,  by 
the  agencies  of  freedom  and  humanity.  Dismiss  we,  then,  the  future,  until  some 
new  election  call  you  again  to  your  council  chambers,  to  renew  your  efforts  in 
obedience  to  the  principle  that  eternal  vigilance  is  the  tax  we  pay  for  enduring 
liberty. 

"  The  immediate  question  is  the  bearing  of  the  occasion  on  the  present.  What 
is  our  present  duty  ?  It  is  simply  that  of  magnanimity.  We  have  learned,  here 
tofore,  the  practice  of  patience  under  political  defeat.  It  now  remains  to  show 

1  Cayuga  county  gave  Mr.  Lincoln  4.000  majority  ;  and  Auburn  450— an  increase  over  any  pre- 
rious  election.    The  gain  in  the  state,  from  1856,  was  nearly  one  hundred  thousand. 


116  MEMOIR. 

the  greater  virtue  of  moderation  in  triumph.  That  we  may  do  this  let  us  re 
member  that  it  is  only  as  a  figure  of  speech  that  the  use  of  martial  terms,  such  as 
*  defeat'  and  '  victory,' obtain  in  our  system  of  elections.  The  parties  engaged 
in  an  election  are  not,  never  can  be,  never  must  be,  enemies,  or  even  adversaries. 
We  are  all  fellow  citizens,  Americans,  brethren.  It  is  a  trial  of  issues  by  the  force 
only  of  reason ;  and  the  contest  is  carried  to  its  conclusion,  with  the  use  only  of 
suffrage. 

"  An  appeal  lies  from  the  people  this  year  to  the  people  themselves  next  year — 
to  be  argued  and  determined  in  the  same  way  and  so  on  forever.  This  is  indeed 
a  long  way  to  the  attainment  of  rights  and  the  establishment  of  interests.  It  is 
our  way,  however,  now  as  it  has  been  heretofore.  Let  it  be  our  way  hereafter. 
If  there  be  among  us  or  in  the  country  those  who  think  that  marshaling  armies 
or  pulling  down  the  pillars  of  the  republic  is  a  better,  because  a  shorter  way,  let 
us  not  doubt  that  if  we  commend  our  way  by  our  patience,  our  gentleness,  our 
affection  towards  them,  they,  too,  will,  before  they  shall  have  gone  too  far,  find  out 
that  our  way,  the  old  way,  their  old  way  as  well  as  our  old  way,  is  not  only  the 
shortest  but  the  best. 

"Fellow  citizens,  I  should  do  injustice  to  you,  and  violence  to  my  own  feel 
ings,  if  I  did  not  recognize  in  this  visit  a  warm  and  most  generous  demonstration 
of  your  personal  kindness  to  me.  You  know  how  deeply  I  was  committed  to  the 
triumph  of  this  presidential  ticket  more  than  to  any  other  in  times  that  are  past, 
and  to  its  triumph  more  distinct  and  emphatic,  if  possible,  here  than  any  where 
else.  How  the  eyes  of  patriots  in  every  part  of  the  country  were  anxiously  fixed 
on  this  state,  on  this  county,  nay,  even  on  this  town,  to  learn  whether  we  were 
true  to  this  crisis,  to  our  cause,  our  country,  and  to  ourselves.  This  lent  a  new  and 
intense  earnestness  to  your  efforts,  and  our  success,  therefore,  has  exceeded  all 
that  we  dared  to  promise,  though  not  what  we  dared  to  hope.  The  year  1860, 
how  many  acts  of  home  kindness  has  it  brought  to  me  from  all  my  neighbors.  My 
welcome  from  abroad — sympathy  with  me  in  my  labors  for  the  country  at  Wash 
ington — the  rescue  of  my  dwelling  from  fire  during  my  absence — co-operation 
with  me,  so  earnest,  so  devoted,  so  effective  in  securing  the  ascendancy  of  the 
republican  cause  throughout  the  Union,  these  congratulations  on  its  success — I 
feel  them  all  more  deeply,  more  gratefully,  than  I  dare  express.  May  you  all  find 
your  rewards  in  the  increasing  happiness  and  growing  greatness  of  our  country. 

"  And  now  we  part  again.  You  to  lay  aside  the  emblems  of  your  political 
association,  at  least  for  a  time,  and  to  return  to  your  industrial  pursuits  and  social 
enjoyments.  I  to  return  to  the  theatre  of  public  duty  at  the  national  capital 
May  a  kind  Providence  spare  all  your  lives  and  continue  all  the  blessings  you 
enjoy,  and  when  we  meet  again  in  the  coming  spring  season,  when  these  now 
naked  trees  shall  have  resumed  their  wonted  foliage,  may  our  hearts  be  renewed 
in  their  mutual  affections  and  may  all  the  sullen  and  angry  clouds  which  seem  to 
be  gathering  in  the  political  atmosphere  have  then  given  place  to  those  serene  and 
auspicious  skies,  which  properly  belong  to  the  only  pure  and  complete  republican 
system  to  be  found  on  the  face  of  the  earth." 

The  triumph  in  the  country  of  the  principles  which  Mr.  Seward, 
through  his  whole  public  life,  has  so  perseveringlj  sustained,  was 


THE   ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS.  117 

not  more  distinctly  announced  by  the  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln 
than  it  was  significantly  confessed  in  congress  by  the  prompt  admis 
sion  of  Kansas  into  the  Union  a  Free  State. 

The  bill  for  the  admission  of  Kansas  passed  the  senate  on  the 
twenty-first  day  of  January,  1861,  and  received  the  signature  of 
President  Buchanan  on  the  thirtieth. 

Mr.  Seward,  on  moving  to  take  up  the  bill,  and  while  urging  its 
immediate  passage,  pertinently  remarked  that  "If  any  people  have 
the  right  to  self-government,  it  is  the  people  of  Kansas." 

The  senators  who  voted  for  admission,  were  Messrs.  Anthony, 
Baker,  Bigler,  Bingham,  Bright,  Cameron,  Chandler,  Clark,  Collamer, 
Crittenden,  Dixon,  Doolittle,  Douglas,  Durkee,  Fessenden,  Fitch,  Foot, 
Foster,  Grimes,  Hale,  Harlan,  Johnson  of  Tennessee,  King,  Latham, 
Morrill,  Pugh,  Rice,  Seward,  Simmons,  Sumner,  Ten  Eyck,  Thompson, 
Trumbull,  Wade,  Wilkinson  and  Wilson— 36. 

Those  who  voted  against  it  were  Messrs.  Benjamin,  Bragg,  Cling- 
man,  Green,  Hemphill,  Hunter,  Iverson,  Johnson  of  Arkansas,  Ken 
nedy,  Mason,  Nicholson,  Polk,  Powell,  Sebastian,  Slidell  and  Wig- 
fall— 16. 

As  soon  as  the  Electors  had  formally  ratified  the  choice  of  the 
people,  the  president  elect  tendered  to  Mr.  Seward  the  chief  place  in 
his  cabinet,  which,  after  some  deliberation,  was  accepted,  and  became 
known  to  the  public.  On  the  twelfth  day  of  January  he  expressed 
his  views  in  the  senate  u  On  the  State  of  the  Union}'1  He  had  pre 
viously,  in  New  York,  at  the  "  New  England  Dinner,"  made  some 
unpremeditated  remarks  on  the  same  subject,  and  subsequently,  in 
the  senate,  he  delivered  a  second  speech,  on  the  occasion  of  his  pre 
senting  a  mammoth  petition  from  the  merchants  of  New  York. 
These  speeches  produced,  in  congress  and  throughout  the  country,  a 
profound  sensation.1  The  first  speech  begins  with  this  declaration : 

"  I  avow  my  adherence  to  the  Union,  in  its  integrity  and  with  all  its  parts,  with 
my  friends,  with  my  party,  with  my  state,  with  my  country,  or  without  either,  as 
they  may  determine ;  in  every  event,  whether  of  peace  or  of  war,  with  every  con 
sequence  of  honor  or  dishonor,  of  life  or  death." 

It  closes  in  the  same  spirit  and  with  that  consistency  which  marks 
all  that  Mr.  Seward  says : 

"  I  certainly  shall  never,  directly  or  indirectly,  give  my  vote  to  establish  or  sanc 
tion  slavery  in  the  common  territories  of  the  United  States,  or  anywhere  else  in 
the  world." 

1  They  will  be  found  at  the  close-of  this  volume. 


118  MEMOIE. 

The  scenes  attending  its  delivery  in  the  senate,   are  thus   des 
cribed  by  a  listener : 

';  Mr.  Seward's  speech  was  the  event  of  the  week,  and  is  the  topic  of  discussion 
in  all  political  circles.  The  scene  before  and  during  the  delivery  of  the  speech, 
was  almost  unparalleled  in  the  senate.  By  ten  o'clock  every  seat  in  the  galleries 
was  filled,  and  by  eleven  the  cloak  rooms  and  all  the  passages  were  choked  up, 
and  a  thousand  men  and  women  stood  outside  of  the  doors  waiting  to  catch  the 
words  of  the  speaker  when  he  should  commence.  He  did  not  open  his  speech  til 
nearly  one  o'clock.  Several  hundred  gentlemen  come  on  from  Baltimore  to  hear 
it,  and  the  curiosity  among  all  the  southern  men  here  to  listen  to  it  was  intense. 
The  southern  senators  and  representatives  paid  the  utmost  attention,  and  the  gal 
leries  were  as  quiet  as  their  suffocating  condition  would  warrant.  It  was  the  fullest 
house  of  the  session,  and  by  far  the  most  respectful  one.  During  the  delivery  of 
portions  of  the  speech,  senators  were  in  tears.  When  the  sad  picture  of  the 
country,  divided  into  two  confederacies,  was  presented,  Mr.  Crittenden,  who  sat 
immediately  before  the  orator,  was  completely  overcome  by  his  emotions,  and 
bowed  his  white  head  to  weep." 

The  eminent  Quaker  poet  and  philanthropist,  John  G.  "Whittier,  on 
reading  the  speech,  addressed  the  following  lines  to  Mr.  Seward : 

To  William  H.  Seward. 

Statesman,  I  thank  thee! — and,  if  yet  dissent 

Mingles,  reluctant,  with  my  large  content, 

I  cannot  censure  what  was  nobly  meant. 

Bat,  while  constrained  to  hold  even  Union  less 

Than  Liberty  and  Truth  and  Righteousness, 

I  thank  thee  in  the  sweet  and  holy  name 

Of  Peace,  for  wise  calm  words  that  put  to  shame 

Passion  and  party.     Courage  may  be  shown 

Not  in  defiance  of  the  wrong  alone ; 

He  may  be  bravest  who,  unweaponed,  bears 

The  olive  branch,  and  strong  in  justice,  spares 

The  rash  wrong-doer,  giving  widest  scope 

To  Christian  charity  and  generous  hope. 

If,  without  damage  to  the  sacred  cause 

Of  Freedom  and  the  safeguard  of  its  laws — 

If,  without  yielding  that  for  which  alone 

We  prize  the  Union,  thou  canst  save  it  now 

From  a  baptism  of  blood,  upon  thy  brow 

A  wreath  whose  flowers  no  earthly  soil  has  known, 

Woven  of  the  beatitudes,  shall  rest ; 

And  the  peacemaker  be  forever  blest  I 


/£e.a^e<s<f 


4*7 


&,. 


^^L-  ^^^^ — , 


ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 


ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES 


THE    DESTINY  OF  AMERICA.1 

THIS  scene  is  new  to  me,  a  stranger  in  Ohio,  and  it  must  be  in  a 
degree  surprising  even  to  yourselves.  On  these  banks  of  the  Scioto, 
where  the  elk,  the  buffalo,  and  the  hissing  serpent  haunted  not  long 
ago,  I  see  now  mills  worked  by  mute  mechanical  laborers,  and  ware 
houses  rich  in  the  merchandise  of  many  clirnes.  Steeds  of  vapor  on 
iron  roads,  and  electrical  messengers  on  pathways  which  divide  the 
air,  attest  the  concentration  of  many  novel  forms  of  industry,  while 
academic  groves,  spacious  courts,  and  majestic  domes,  exact  the  rev 
erence  always  eminently  due  to  the  chosen  seats  of  philosophy,  reli 
gion,  and  government. 

What  a  change,  moreover,  has,  within  the  same  short  period,  come 
over  the  whole  country  that  we  love  so  justly  and  so  well.  High 
arcs  of  latitude  and  longitude  have  shrunk  into  their  chords,  and 
American  language,  laws,  religion,  and  authority,  once  confined  to 
the  Atlantic  coast,  now  prevail  from  the  northern  lakes  to  the  south 
ern  gulf,  and  from  the  stormy  eastern  sea  to  the  tranquil  western 
ocean. 

Nevertheless,  it  is  not  in  man's  nature  to  be  content  with  present 
attainment  or  enjoyment.  You  say  to  me,  therefore,  with  excusable 
impatience,  "  Tell  us,  not  what  our  country  is,  but  what  she  shall  be. 
Shall  her  greatness  increase  ?  Is  she  immortal  ?" 

I  will  answer  you  according  to  my  poor  opinion.  But  I  pray  you 
first,  most  worthy  friends,  to  define  the  greatness  and  immortality 
you  so  vehemently  desire. 

1  Oration  at  the  Dedication  of  Capital  University,  Columbus,  Ohio,  September  14,  1853. 
VOL.  IV.  16 


122  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

If  the  Future  which  you  seek  consists  in  this :  that  these  thirty- 
one  states  shall  continue  to  exist  for  a  period  as  long  as  human  fore 
sight  is  allowed  to  anticipate  after-coming  events ;  that  they  shall  be 
all  the  while  free  ;  that  they  shall  remain  distinct  and  independent  in 
domestic  economy,  and  nevertheless  be  only  one  in  commerce  and 
foreign  affairs ;  that  there  shall  arise  from  among  them  and  within 
their  common  domain  even  more  than  thirty-one  other  equal  states 
alike  free,  independent,  and  united ;  that  the  borders  of  the  federal 
republic,  so  peculiarly  constituted,  shall  be  extended  so  that  it  shall 
greet  the  sun  when  he  touches  the  tropic,  and  when  he  sends  his 
glancing  rays  toward  the  polar  circle,  and  shall  include  even  distant 
islands  in  either  ocean ;  that  our  population,  now  counted  by  tens 
of  millions,  shall  ultimately  be  reckoned  by  hundreds  of  millions; 
that  our  wealth  shall  increase  a  thousand  fold,  and  our  commercial 
connections  shall  be  multiplied,  and  our  political  influence  be  enhanced 
in  proportion  with  this  wide  development,  and  that  mankind  shall 
corne  to  recognize  in  us  a  successor  of  the  few  great  states  which 
have  alternately  borne  commanding  sway  in  the  world — if  this,  and 
only  this,  is  desired,  then  I  am  free  to  say  that  if,  as  you  will  readily 
promise,  our  public  and  private  virtues  shall  be  preserved,  nothing 
seems  to  me  more  certain  than  the  attainment  of  this  future,  so  sur 
passingly  comprehensive  and  magnificent. 

Indeed,  such  a  future  seems  to  be  only  a  natural  consequence  of 
what  has  already  been  secured.  Why,  then,  shall  it  not  be  attained  ? 
Is  not  the  field  as  free  for  the  expansion  indicated  as  it  was  for  that 
which  has  occurred  ?  Are  not  the  national  resources  immeasurably 
augmented  and  continually  increasing?  With  telegraphs  and  rail 
roads  crossing  the  Detroit,  the  Niagara,  the  St.  Johns  and  the  St. 
Lawrence  rivers,  writh  steamers  on  the  lakes  of  Nicaragua,  and  a  rail- 
road  across  the  isthmus  of  Panama,  and  with  negotiations  in  progress 
for  passages  over  Tehuantepec  and  Darien,  with  a  fleet  in  Hudson's 
bay  and  another  at  Bhering's  straits,  and  with  yet  another  exploring 
the  La  Plata,  and  with  an  armada  at  the  gates  of  Japan,  with  Mexico 
ready  to  divide  on  the  question  of  annexation,  and  with  the  Sand 
wich  islands  suing  to  us  for  our  sovereignty,  it  is  quite  clear  to  us 
that  the  motives  to  enlargement  are  even  more  active  than  they  ever 
were  heretofore,  and  that  the  public  energies,  instead  of  being  relaxed, 
are  gaining  new  vigor. 


THE   DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  123 

Is  the  natjon  to  become  suddenly  weary,  and  so  to  waver  and  fall 
off  from  the  pursuit  of  its  high  purposes?  When  did  any  vigorous 
nation  ever  become  weary  even  of  hazardous  and  exhausting  martial 
conquests?  Our  conquests,  on  the  contrary,  are  chiefly  peaceful, 
and  thus  far  have  proved  productive  of  new  wealth  and  strength.  Is 
a  paralysis  to  fall  upon  the  national  brain  ?  On  the  contrary,  what 
political  constitution  has  ever,  throughout  an  equal  period,  exhibited 
greater  elasticity  and  capacity  for  endurance? 

la  the  union, of  the  states  to  fa^l?  Does  its  strength  indeed  grow 
less  with  the  multiplication  of  its  bonds  ?  Or  does  its  value  diminish 
with  the  increase  of  the  social  and  political  interests  which  it  defends 
and  protects  ?  Far  otherwise.  For  all  practical  purposes  bearing  on 
the  great  question,  the  steam  engine,  the  iron  road,  the  electric  tele 
graph,  all  of  which  are  newer  than  the  Union,  and  the  metropolitan 
press,  which  is  no  less  wonderful  in  its  working  than  they,  have 
already  obliterated  state  boundaries  and  produced  a  physical  and 
moral  centralism  more  complete  and  perfect  than  monarchical  ambi 
tion  ever  has  forged  or  can  forge.  Do  you  reply,  nevertheless,  that 
the  Union  rests  on  the  will  of  the  several  states,  arid  that,  no  matter 
what  prudence  or  reason  may  dictate,  popular  passion  may  become 
excited  and  rend  it  asunder?  Then  I  rejoin,  When  did  the  Ameri 
can  people  ever  give  way  to  such  impulses  ?  They  are,  practically, 
impassive.  You  remind  me  that  faction  has  existed,  and  that  only 
recently  it  was  bold  and  violent.  I  answer,  that  it  was  emboldened 
by  popular  timidity,  and  yet  that  even  then  it  succumbed.  Loyalty 
to  the  Union  is  .not,  in  one  or  many  states  only,  but  in  all  the  states, 
the  strongest  of  all  public  passions.  It  is  stronger,  I  doubt  not,  than 
the  love  of  justice  or  even  the  love  of  equality,  which  have  acquired 
a  strength  here  never  known  among  mankind  before.  A  nation  may 
well  despise  threats  of  sedition  thatjias  never  known  but  one  traitorr 
and  this  will  be  learned  fully  by  those  who  shall  hereafter  attempt 
to  arrest  any  great  national  movement  by  invoking  from  their  grave 
the  obsolete  terrors  of  disunion. 

But  you  apprehend  foreign  resistance.  Well,  where  is  our  enemy  ? 
Whence  shall  he  come ?  Will  he  arise  on  this  continent?  Canada 
has  great  resources,  and  begins  to  give  signs  of  a  national  spirit. 
But  Canada  is  not  yet  independent  of  Great  Britain.  And  she  will 
be  quite  too  weak  to  be  formidable  to  us  when  her  emancipation  shall 


124  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

have  taken  place.  Moreover,  lier  principles,  interests,  and  sympa 
thies  assimilate  to  our  own  just  in  the  degree  that  she  verges  toward 
separation  from  the  parent  country.  Canada,  although  a  province 
of  Great  Britain,  is  already  half  annexed  to  the  United  States.  She 
will  ultimately  become  a  member  of  this  confederacy,  if  we  will 
consent — an  ally,  if  we  will  not  allow  her  to  come  nearer.  At  least, 
she  never  can  be  an  adversary.  Will  Mexico,  or  Nicaragua,  or  Gua 
temala,  or  Ecuador,  or  Peru,  all  at  once  become  magically  cured  of 
the  diseases  inherited  from  aboriginal  and  Spanish  parentage,  and 
call  up  armies  from  under  the  earth,  and  navies  from  the  depths  of 
the  sea,  and  thus  become  the  Rome  that  shall  resist  and  overthrow 
this  overspreading  Carthage  of  ours  ?  Or  arejve  to  receive  our  death-^ 
jtrpke  at  the  hand  of  Brazil,  doubly  cursed  as  she  js,  above  aU_other 
American  states^by  her  adoption  of  the  two  most  absurd  institutions 
remaining  among  men,  European  monarchy  and  American  slavery? 

Is  an  enemy  to  come  forth  from  the  islands  in  adjacent  seas  ? 
Where,  then,  shall  we  look  for  him?  On  the  Antilles,  or  on  the 
Bermudas,  or  on  the  Bahamas?  Which  of  the  conflicting  social  ele 
ments  existing  together,  yet  unmixed,  there,  is  ultimately  to  prevail? 
Will  it  be  Caucasian  or  African  ?  Can  those  races  not  only  combine, 
but  become  all  at  once  aggressive  and  powerful  ? 

Shall  we  look  for  an  adversary  in  Europe?  Napoleon  said  at  St 
Helena,  "  America  is  a  fortunate  country.  She  grows  by  the  follies 
of  our  European  nations."  Since  when  have  those  nations  grown 
wise  ?  If  they  have  at  last  become  wise,  how  is  it  that  America  has 
nevertheless  not  ceased  to  grow?  But  what  European  state  will 
oppose  us  ?  Will  Great  Britain  ?  If  she  fears  to  grapple  with  Rus 
sia  advancing  toward  Constantinople  on  the  way  to  India,  though 
not  only  her  prestige  but  even  her  empire  is  threatened,  will  she  be 
bold  enough  to  come  out  of  her  way  to  seek  an  encounter  with  us? 
Who  will  feed  and  pay  her  artisans  while  she  shall  be  engaged  in 
•destroying  her  American  debtors  and  the  American  consumers  of  her 
fabrics?  Great  Britain  has  enough  to  do  in  replacing  in  Ireland  the 
population  that  island  has  yielded  to  us,  in  subjecting  Africa,  in 
extending  her  mercantile  dominion  in  Asia,  and  in  perpetually  read 
justing  the  crazy  balance  of  power  in  Europe,  so  essential  to  her 
safety.  We  have  fraternal  relations  with  Switzerland,  the  only  repub 
lic  yet  lingering  on  that  continent.  Which  of  the  despotic  powers 


THE    DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  125 

existing  there  in  perpetual  terror  of  the  contagion  of  American  prin 
ciples  will  assail  us,  and  thus  voluntarily  hasten  on  that  universal 
war  of  opinion  which  is  sure  to  come  at  some  future  time,  and  which, 
whenever  it  shall  have  come,  whether  it  be  sooner  or  later,  can  end 
only  in  the  subversion  of  monarchy  and  the  establishment  of  repub 
licanism  on  its  ruins  throughout  the  world  ? 

Certainly  no  one  expects  the  nations  of  Asia  to  be  awakened  by 
any  other  influences  than  our  own  from  the  lethargy  into  which  they 
sunk  nearly  three  thousand  years  ago,  under  the  spells  of  supersti 
tion  and  caste.  If  they  could  be.  roused  and  invigorated  now, 
would  they  spare  their  European  oppressors  and  smite  their  Ameri 
can  benefactors  ?  Nor  has  the  time  yet  come,  if  indeed  it  shall  come 
within  many  hundred  years,  when  Africa,  emerging  from  her  pri 
meval  barbarism,  shall  vindicate  the  equality  of  her  sable  races  in 
the  rights  of  human  nature,  and  visit  upon  us,  the  latest,  the  least 
guilty  and  the  most  repentant  of  all  offenders,  the  wrongs  she  has 
so  long  suffered  at  the  hands  of  so  many  of  the  Caucasian  races. 

No !  no,  we  cannot  indeed  penetrate  the  Eternal  counsels,  but, 
reasoning  from  what  is  seen  to  what  is  unseen,  deducing  from  the 
past  probable  conjectures  of  the  future,  we  are  authorized  to  conclude 
that  if  the  national  virtue  shall  prove  sufficient  the  material  pro 
gress  of  the  United  States,  which  equally  excites  our  own  pride  and 
the  admiration  of  mankind,  is  destined  to  indefinite  continuance. 

But  is  this  material  progress,  even  to  the  point  which  has  been 
indicated,  the  whole  of  the  future  which  we  desire  ?  It  is  seen  at 
once  that  it  includes  no  high  intellectual  achievement,  and  no  extra 
ordinary  refinement  of  public  virtue,  while  it  leaves  entirely  out  of 
view  the  improvement  of  mankind.  Now  there  certainly  is  a  politi 
cal  philosophy  which  teaches  that  nations  like  individuals  are  equal, 
moral,  social,  responsible  persons,  existing  not  for  objects  of  merely 
selfish  advantage  and  enjoyment,  but  for  the  performance  of  duty, 
which  duty  consists  in  elevating  themselves  and  all  mankind  as  high 
as  possible  in  knowledge  and  virtue ;  that  the  human  race  is  one  in 
its  origin,  its  rights,  its  duties,  and  its  destiny,  that  throughout  the 
rise,  progress,  and  decline  of  nations,  one  Divine  purpose  runs — the 
increasing  felicity  and  dignity  of  human  nature — and  that  true 
greatness  or  glory,  whether  of  individuals  or  of  nations,  is  justly 
measured,  not  by  the  territory  they  compass,  or  the  wealth  they 


126  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

accumulate,  or  the  fear  they  inspire,  but  by  the  degree  in  which 
they  promote  the  accomplishment  of  that  great  and  beneficent  design 
of  the  Creator  of  the  universe. 

"  The  great  end  and  object  of  life,"  said  Socrates,  "  is  the  perfec 
tion  of  the  intellect,  the  great  moral  duty  of  man  is  knowledge,  and 
the  object  of  all  knowledge  is  one,  namely,  Truth,  the  Good,  the 
Beautiful,  the  Divine  Reason." 

So  also  Plato  taught  that  "  Man  ought  to  strive  after  and  devote 
himself  to  the  contemplation  of  the  ONE,  the  ETERNAL,  the  INFINITE." 

Cicero  wrote,  "  There  are  those  who  deny  that  any  bond  of  law 
or  of  association  for  purposes  of  common  good  exists  among  citizens. 
This  opinion  subverts  all  union  in  a  state.  There  are  those  who 
deny  that  any  such  bond  exists  between  themselves  and  strangers, 
and  this  opinion  destroys  the  community  of  the  Human  Race." 

Bacon  declared  that  there  was  in  man's  nature  "  a  secret  love  of 
others,  which  if  not  contracted,  would  expand  and  embrace  all  men." 

These  maxims  proceed  on  the  principle  of  the  unity  of  the  race 
and  of  course  of  a  supreme  law  regulating  the  conduct  of  men  and 
nations  upon  the  basis  of  absolute  justice  and  equality.  Locke 
adopted  them  when  he  inculcated  that  while  there  is  a  "  law  of  pop 
ular  opinion  or  reputation,"  which  in  society  is  "the  measure  of 
virtue  and  vice,"  and  while  there  is  a  civil  law  which  in  the  state  is 
"  the  measure  of  crime  and  innocence,"  there  is  also  a  divine  law 
which  extends  over  "  all  society  and  all  states,  and  which  is  the  only 
touchstone  of  moral  rectitude." 

Guizot  closed  his  recital  of  the  decline  of  Roman  civilization,  with 
these  equally  true  and  momentous  reflections:  "Had  not  the 
Christian  church  existed  at  this  time  the  whole  world  must  have 
fallen  a  prey  to  mere  brute  force.  The  Christian  church  alone  pos 
sessed  a  moral  power.  It  mairtamed  and  promulgated  the  idea  of  a 
precept,  of  a  law  superior  to  all  human  authority.  It  proclaimed 
that  great  truth,  which  forms  the  only  foundation  of  our  hope  for 
humanity,  that  there  exists  a  law  above  all  human  laws,  which  by 
whatever  name  it  may  be  called,  whether  reason,  the  law  of  God,  or 
what  not,  is  at  all  times  and  in  all  places  the  same,  under  different 
names." 

It  ought  not  to  excite  any  surprise  when  I  aver  that  this  philoso 
phy  worked  out  the  American  Revolution.  "Can  anything,"  said 


THE   DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  127 

John  Adams,  in  replying  to  one  who  had  apologized  for  the  stamp 
act, — "  Can  anything  not  abominable  have  provoked  you  to  com 
mence,  an  enemy  to  human  nature?" 

Alexander  Hamilton,  though  less  necessary  to  the  Revolution  than 
John  Adams,  was  even  more  necessary  to  the  reconstruction  of 
society.  He  directed  against  the  same  odious  stamp  act  the  autho 
rity  of  British  law,  as  he  found  it  written  down  by  Blackstone: 
"  The  law  of  nature  being  coeval  with  God  himself  is  of  course 
superior  to  any  other.  It  is  binding  over  all  the  globe,  in  all 
countries,  and  at  all  time.  No  human  laws  are  of  any  validity  if 
contrary  to  this ;  and  such  of  them  as  are  valid  derive  all  their  au 
thority  mediately  or  immediately  from  this  original."  Then,  as  if 
despising  to  stand  on  any  mere  human  authority,  however  high,  the 
framer  of  the  American  constitution  proceeded :  "  The  sacred  rights 
of  mankind  are  not  to  be  rummaged  for  among  old  parchments  or 
musty  records.  They  are  written  as  with  a  sunbeam  in  the  whole 
volume  of  human  nature,  and  can  never  be  erased  or  obscured  by 
mortal  power." 

How  justly  Knox  conceived  the  true  character  of  the  chief  per 
sonage  of  the  Revolution,  even  at  its  very  beginning:  "The  great 
and  good  Washington,  a  name  which  shall  shine  with  distinguished 
lustre  in  the  annals  of  history,  a  name  dear  to  the  friends  of  the 
liberties  of  mankind." 

La  Fayette  closed  his  review  of  the  Revolution  when  returning  to 
France  with  this  glowing  apostrophe  :  "  May  this  great  temple  which 
we  have  just  erected  to  liberty  always  be  an  instruction  to  oppres 
sors,  an  example  to  the  oppressed,  a  refuge  for  the  rights  of  the 
human  race,  and  an  object  of  delight  to  the  names  of  its  founders." 

"Happy,"  said  Washington  when  announcing  the  treaty  of  peace 
to  the  army,  "  thrice  happy  shall  they  be  pronounced  hereafter,  who 
shall  have  contributed  anything,  who  shall  have  performed  even  the 
meanest  office  in  erecting  this  stupendous  fabric  of  freedom  and 
empire  on  the  broad  basis  of  independency,  who  shall  have  assisted 
in  protecting  the  rights  of  human  nature  and  establishing  an  asylum 
for  the  poor  and  oppressed  of  all  nations  and  religions." 

You  remember  well  that  the  Revolutionary  Congress  in  the  Dec 
laration  of  Independence  placed  the  momentous  controversy  between 
the  colonies  of  Great  Britain  on  the  absolute  and  inherent  equality 


128  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

of  all  men.  It  is  not  however  so  well  understood  that  that  body 
closed  its  existence,  on  the  adoption  of  the  federal  constitution,  with 
this  solemn  injunction,  addressed  to  the  people  of  the  United  States: 
"Let  it  be  remembered  that  it  has  ever  been  the  pride  and  boast  of 
America,  that  the  rights  for  which  she  contended  were  the  rights 
of  human  nature." 

No  one  will  contend  that  our  fathers,  after  effecting  the  Revolution 
and  the  independence  of  their  country  by  proclaiming  this  system  of 
beneficent  political  philosophy,  established  an  entirely  different  one 
in  the  constitution  assigned  to  its  government.  This  philosophy, 
then,  is  the  basis  of  the  American  constitution. 

It  is  moreover  a  true  philosophy,  deduced  from  the  nature  of  man 
and  the  character  of  the  Creator.  If  there  were  no  supreme  lawT 
then  the  world  would  be  a  scene  of  universal  anarchy,  resulting 
from  the  eternal  conflict  of  peculiar  institutions  and  antagonistic 
laws.  There  being  such  a  universal  law,  if  any  human  constitutions 
and  laws  differing  from  it  could  have  any  authority,  then  that  uni 
versal  law  could  not  be  supreme.  That_  ajiprpmp.  l^w.  is  necessarily 
based  on  the  equality  of  nations,  of  races,  and  of  men.  It  is  a  simple, 
geJLj^evidentJ&sis^  One  nation,  race,  or  individual,  may  not  oppress 
or  injure  another,  because  the  safety  and  weTTare  of  eacTTis  essential 

>S       — —  •'     J 

/  to  the  common  safety  and  welfare  of  all. ^  ^^ajj^r^sno^aual  and 
then  who  is  entitled  to  be  free,  and  what  evidence  of  his  superi 
ority  can  he  brmgfro^n  nature  or  revelation?  All  men  necessarily 
have  a  common  interest  in  the  promulgation  and  maintenance  of 
these  principles,  because  it  is  equally  in  the  nature  of  men  to  be  con 
tent  with  the  enjoyment  of  their  just  rights,  and  to  be  discontented 
under  the  privation  of  them.  Just  so  far  as  these  principles  prac 
tically  prevail,  the  stringency  of  government  is  safely  relaxed,  and 
peace  and  harmony  obtained.  But  men  cannot  maintain  these 
principles,  or  even  comprehend  them,  without  a  very  considerable 
advance  in  knowledge  and  virtue.  The  law  of  nations,  designed  to 
preserve  peace  among  mankind,  was  unknown  to  the  ancients.  It 
has  been  perfected  in  our  own  times  by  means  of  the  more  general 
dissemination  of  knowledge  and  practice  of  the  virtues  inculcated 
by  Christianity.  To  disseminate  knowledge  and  to  increase  virtue 
therefore  among  men,  is  to  establish  and  maintain  the  principles  on 
which  the  recovery  and  preservation  of  their  inherent  natural  rights 


THE   DESTINY   OF    AMERICA.  129 

depend,  and  the  state  that  does  this  most  faithfully,  advances  most 
effectually  the  common  cause  of  human  nature. 

For  myself,  I  am  sure  that  this  cause  is  not  a  dream,  but  a  reality. 
Have  not  all  men  consciousness  of  a  property  in  the  memory  of 
human  transactions  available  for  the  same  great  purposes,  the  security 
of  their  individual  rights  and  the  perfection  of  their  individual  hap 
piness  ?  Have  not  all  men  a  consciousness  of  the  same  equal  in 
terest  in  the  achievements  of  invention,  in  the  instructions  of 
philosophy,  and  in  the  solaces  of  music  and  the  arts?  And  do  not 
these  achievements,  instructions,  and  solaces,  exert  everywhere  the 
same  influences,  and  produce  the  same  emotions  in  the  bosoms  of  all 
men?  Since  all  languages  are  convertible  into  each  other  by  cor 
respondence  with  the  same  agents,  objects,  actions,  and  emotions, 
have  not  all  men  practically  one  common  language?  Since  the  con 
stitutions  and  laws  of  all  societies  are  only  so  many  various  defini 
tions  of  the  rights  and  duties  of  men,  as  those  rights  and  duties  are 
learned  from  nature  and  revelation,  have  not  all  men  practically  one 
code  of  moral  duty?  Since  the  religious  of  men  in  their  various 
climes  are  only  so  many  different  forms  of  their  devotion  toward  a 
Supreme  and  Almighty  Power  entitled  to  their  reverence  and 
receiving  it  under  the  various  names  of  Jehovah,  Jove,  and  Lord, 
have  not  all  men  practically  one  religion  ?  Since  all  men  are  seek 
ing  liberty  and  happiness  for  a  season  here,  and  to  deserve  and  so 
to  secure  more  perfect  liberty  and  happiness  somewhere  in  a  future 
world,  and  since  they  all  substantially  agree  that  these  temporal  and 
spiritual  objects  are  to  be  attained  only  through  the  knowledge  of 
truth  and  the  practice  of  virtue,  have  not  mankind  practically  one 
common  pursuit,  through  one  common  way,  of  one  common  and 
equal  hope  and  destiny  ? 

If  there  had  been  no  such  common  humanity  as  I  have  insisted 
upon,  then  the  American  people  would  not  have  enjoyed  the  sym 
pathies  of  mankind  when  establishing  institutions  of  civil  and 
religious  liberty  here,  nor  would  their  establishment  here  have  awak 
ened  in  the  nations  of  Europe  and  of  South  America  desires  and 
hopes  of  similar  institutions  there.  If  there  had  been  no  such 
common  humanity,  then  we  should  not,  ever  since  the  American 
Revolution,  have  seen  human  society  throughout  the  world  divided 
into  two  parties,  the  high  and  the  low — the  one  perpetually  fore 

VOL.  IV.  17 


130  ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 

boding  and  earnestly  hoping  the  downfall,  and  the  other  as  confidently 
predicting  and  as  sincerely  desiring  the  durability,  of  republican 
institutions.  If  there  had  been  no  such  common  humanity,  then  we 
should  not  have  seen  this  tide  of  emigration  from  insular  and  con 
tinental  Europe,  flowing  into  our  country  through  the  channels  of 
the  St.  Lawrence,  the  Hudson,  and  the  Mississippi — ebbing,  how 
ever,  always  with  the  occasional  rise  of  the  hopes  of  freedom  abroad, 
and  always  swelling  again  into  greater  volume  wuen  those  prema 
ture  hopes  subside.  If  there  were  no  such  common  humanity,  then 
the  peasantry  and  poor  of  Great  Britain  would  not  be  perpetually 
appealing  to  us  against  the  oppression  of  landlords  on  their  farms 
and  workmasters  in  their  manufactories  and  mines ;  and  so,  on  the 
other  hand,  we  should  not  be,  as  we  are  now,  perpetually  framing 
apologies  to  mankind  for  the  continuance  of  African  slavery  among 
ourselves.  If  there  were  no  such  common  humanity,  then  the  fame 
of  Wallace  would  have  long  ago  died  away  in  his  native  mountains, 
and  the  name  even  of  Washington  would  at  most  have  been  only  a 
household  word  in  Virginia,  and  not,  as  it  is  now,  a  watchword  of 
hope  and  progress  throughout  the  world. 

If  there  had  been  no  such  common  humanity,  then  when  the 
civilization  of  Greece  and  Home  had  been  consumed  by  the  fires  of 
human  passion,  the  nations  of  modern  Europe  could  never  have 
gathered  from  among  its  ashes  the  philosophy,  the  arts,  and  the 
religion,  which  were  imperishable,  and  have  reconstructed  with 
those  materials  that  better  civilization  which,  amid  the  conflicts  and 
fall  of  political  and  ecclesiastical  systems,  has  been  constantly  ad 
vancing  toward  perfection  in  every  age.  If  there  had  been  no  such 
common  humanity,  then  the  dark  and  massive  Egyptian  obelisk 
would  not  have  every  where  reappeared  in  the  sepulchral  architecture 
of  our  own  times,  and  the  light  and  graceful  orders  of  Greece  and 
Italy  would  not,  as  now,  have  been  the  models  of  our  villas  and  our 
dwellings,  nor  would  the  simple  and  lofty  arch  and  the  delicate 
tracery  of  Gothic  design  have  been,  as  it  now  is,  everywhere  con 
secrated  to  the  service  of  religion. 

If  tli ere  had  been  no  such  common  humanity,  then  would  the  sense 

of  the  obligation  of  the  Decalogue  have  been  confined  to  the  despised 

nation  who  received  it  from  Mount  Sinai,  and  the  prophecies  of  Jewish 

eers  and  the  songs  of  Jewish  bards  would  have  perished  forever 


THE   DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  131 

with  their  temple,  and  never  afterward  could  they  have  become,  as 
they  now  are,  the  universal  utterance  of  the  spiritual  emotions  and 
hopes  of  mankind.  If  there  had  been  no  such  common  humanity, 
then  certainly  Europe  and  Africa  and  even  new  America  would  not, 
After  the  lapse  of  centuries,  have  recognised  a  common  Kedeemer 
from  all  the  sufferings  and  perils  of  human  life  in  a  culprit  who  had 
been  ignorniniously  executed  in  the  obscure  Eoman  province  of  Judea; 
nor  would  Europe  have  ever  gone  up  in  arms  to  Palestine  to  wrest 
from  the  unbelieving  Turk  the  tomb  where  that  culprit  had  slept  for 
only  three  days  and  nights  after  his  descent  from  the  cross;  much 
less  would  his  traditionary  instructions,  preserved  by  fishermen  and 
publicans,  have  become  the  chief  agency  in  the  renovation  of  human 
society  through  after-coming  ages. 

But  although  this  philosophy  is  undeniably  true,  yet  it  would  be 
a  great  error  to  believe  that  it  has  ever  been,  or  is  likely  soon  to  be, 
universally  accepted.  Mankind  accept  philosophy  just  in  proportion 
.as  intellectual  and  moral  cultivation  enable  them  to  look  through 
proximate  to  ultimate  consequences.  While  they  are  deficient  in 
that  cultivation,  peace  and  order,  essential  to  the  very  existence  of 
society,  are  necessarily  maintained  by  force.  v/  (Those  who  employ  that 
force  seek  to  perpetuate  their  power,  and  they  do  this  most  effectually 
"by  dividing  classes  and  castes,  races  and  nations,  and  arraying  them 
for  mutual  injury  or  destruction  against  each  other.;  Despotism 
effects  and  perpetuates  this  division  by  unequal  laws,  subversive  of 
those  of  reason  and  of  God.  Moreover,  /a  common  instinct  of  fear 
combines  the  oppressors  of  all  nations  in  a  league  against  the  ad 
vance  of  that  political  philosophy  which  comes  to  liberate  mankind^' 
Those  who  inculcate  this  philosophy,  therefore,  necessarily  encounter 
opposition  and  expose  themselves  to  danger ;  and  insomuch  as  they 
labor  from  convictions  of  duty  and  motives  of  benevolence,  with 
.such  hazards  of  personal  safety,  their  principles  and  characters  are 
justly  regarded  as  heroic.  Adams,  Hamilton,  La  Fayette,  Knox, 
and  Washington,  although  they  were  the  champions  of  human  na 
ture — a  cause  dear  to  all  men — were  saved  from  the  revolutionary 
scaffold  only  by  the  success  of  their  treason  against  a  king  whom 
the  very  necessities  of  society  required  to  reign.  Milton's  "Defence 
of  the  People  of  England,"  which  was  in  truth  a  promulgation  of 
'uhe  same  philosophy  which  we  have  been  examining,  was  burned  by 


132  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

the  public  executioner,  and  its  immortal  author  only  by  good  fortune 
escaped  the  same  punishment.  The  American  colonists  derived  this 
philosophy  chiefly  from  the  instructions  of  Locke,  Sidney  and  Vane^, 
Locke  fled  into  exile,  arid  Sidney  and  Vane  perished  as  felons. 
Cicero,  an  earlier  professor  of  the  same  philosophy,  fell  on  the  sword 
of  a  public  assassin,  and  Socrates,  who  first  inculcated  it,  drank  the 
fatal  hemlock,  under  a  judicial  sentence  in  the  jail  of  Athens. 

Still  this  philosophy,  although  heroic,  is  by  no  means,  therefore, 
to  be  regarded  as  unnecessary  and  visionary.  The  true  heroic  in 
human  thought  and  conduct  is  only  the  useful  in  the  higher  regions 
of  speculation  and  activity.  If  republicanism,  or  purely  popular 
government,  is  the  only  form  of  political  constitution  which  permits 
the  development  of  liberty  and  equality,  which  are  only  other  names 
for  political  justice,  and  if  republicanism  can  only  be  established  by 
the  overthrow  of  despotism,  then  this  philosophy  is  absolutely 
necessary  to  effect  the  freedom  of  mankind.  All  citizens  of  this 
republic  agree  with  us  thus  far.  But  with  many  this  is  rather  a 
speculation  than  a  vital  faith,  and  so  they  hesitate  to  allow  full  acti 
vity  to  the  principles  thus  acknowledged,  through  fear  of  disturb 
ing  the  harmony  of  society  and  the  peace  of  the  world.  Neverthe 
less,  it  is  clear  that  the  same  philosophy  which  brings  republican 
institutions  into  existence  must  be  exclusively  relied  upon  to  defend 
and  perpetuate  them.  A  tree  may  indeed  stand  and  grow  and 
flourish  for  many  seasons,  although  it  is  unsound  at  the  heart;  but 
just  because  it  is  so  unsound,  its  leaves  will  ultimately  wither,  its 
branches  will  fall,  and  its  trunk  will  decay.  It  is  only  the  house 
that  is  built  upon  the  rock  that  can  surely  and  forever  defy  the  tem 
pests  and  the  waves.  The  founders  of  this  republic  knew  this  great 
truth  right  well,  for  they  said:  "If  justice,  good  faith,  honor,  grati 
tude,  and  all  the  other  qualities  which  ennoble  a  nation  and  fulfill  the 
ends  of  government,  shall  be  the  fruits  of  our  establishments,  then 
the  cause  of  liberty  will  acquire  a  dignity  and  a  lustre  which  it  has 
never  yet  enjoyed,  and  an  example  will  be  set  which  cannot  but 
have  the  most  favorable  influence  on  mankind.  If,  on  the  other 
side,  our  governments  should  be  unfortunately  blotted  with  the  re 
verse  of  these  cardinal  virtues,  then  the  great  cause  which  we  have 
engaged  to  vindicate  will  be  dishonored  and  betrayed.  The  last  and 
fairest  experiment  of  human  nature  will  be  turned  against  them,  and 


THE    DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  133 

their  patrons  and  friends  will  be  silenced  by  the  insults  of  the  votaries 
of  tyranny  and  oppression."  ' 

The  example  of  Rome  is  often  commended  to  us  for  our  emula 
tion.  Let  us  consider  it  then  with  becoming  care.  Rome  had  indeed 
forms  of  religion  and  morals,  a  show  of  philosophy  and  the  arts,  but 
in  none  of  these  was  there  more  than  the  faintest  recognition  of  a 
universal  humanity.  Her  predecessor,  Greece,  had,  in  a  brilliant  but 
brief  and  precocious  career,  invented  the  worship  of  nature,  or,  in 
other  words,  the  worship  of  deities,  which  were  only  names  given 
to  the  discovered  forces  of  nature.  This  religion  did  not  indeed 
exalt  the  human  mind  to  a  just  conception  of  the  Divine,  but,  on  the 
other  hand,  it  did  not  altogether  consign  it  to  the  sphere  of  sensual 
ity.  Rome  unfortunately  rejected  even  this  poor  religion,  because  it 
was  foreign  and  because  it  was  too  spiritual ;  and  in  its  stead  she  es 
tablished  one  which  practically  was  the  worship  of  the  state  itself. 
The  senate  elected  gods  for  Rome,  and  these  were  expected  to  re 
ward  that  distinguished  partiality  by  showing  peculiar  and  discrimi 
nating  favor  to  the  people  of  Rome,  and  the  same  political  authority 
appointed  creed,  precepts,  ritual  and  priesthood.  Does  it  need 
amplification  to  show  what  the  character  of  the  creed,  the  precepts, 
the  ritual  and  the  priesthood,  thus  established,  necessarily  were? 
All  were  equally  licentious  and  corrupt. 

As  was  the  religion,  so  of  course  were  the  morals  of  Rome.  Am- 
"bition  was  the  sole  motive  of  the  state.  At  first  every  town  in  Italy, 
and  afterwards  every  nation,  however  remote,  was  regarded  as  an 
enemy  to  be  conquered,  riot  in  retaliation  for  any  injuries  received, 
nor  even  for  the  purpose  of  amending  its  barbarous  institutions  and 
laws,  but  to  be  despoiled  and  enslaved,  that  Rome  might  be  rich  and 
might  occupy  the  world  alone.  Fraud,  duplicity  and  treachery 
might  be  practised  against  the  foreigner,  and  every  form  of  cruelty 
might  be  inflicted  upon  the  captive  who  had  resisted  in  self-defense 
or  in  defense  of  his  county.  Military  valor  not  only  became  the 
highest  of  virtues  but  exclusively  usurped  the  name  of  virtue.  The 
act  of  parricide  was  the  highest  of  crimes,  not  however  because  of 
its  gross  inhumanity,  but  because  by  a  legal  fiction  the  father  was  a 
sacred  type  of  the  Roman  state.  The  sway  of  Rome,  as  it  spread 
over  the  world  as  then  known,  nevertheless  gravitated  toward  the 

1  Address  of  the  Continental  Congress,  1789. 


ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

city  and  centred  in  the  order  of  Patricians.  The  Plebeians  were 
degraded  and  despised  because  their  ancestors  were  immigrants. 
Below  the  Plebeians  there  was  yet  a  lower  order,  consisting  of  pris- 
oners-of-war  and  their  offspring,  always  numerous  enough  to  endanger 
the  safety  of  the  state.  These  were  slaves,  and  the  code  of  domestic 
servitude  established  for  the  captured  Africans  and  their  descendants 
in  some  parts  of  our  own  country  is  a  meliorated  edition  of  that 
which  Kome  maintained  for  the  government  of  slaves  as  various  in 
nation,  language  and  religion,  as  the  enemies  she  conquered.  These 
orders,  mutally  hostile  and  aggressive,  were  kept  asunder  by  dis 
criminating  laws  and  carefully-cherished  prejudices.  The  Patricians 
divided  the  public  domain  among  themselves,  although  Plebeian 
blood  was  shed  as  profusely  as  their  own  in  acquiring  it.  The  Pa 
tricians  alone  administered  justice,  and  they  even  kept  the  forms  of 
its  administration  a  profound  mj^stery  sealed  against  the  knowledge 
of  those  for  whose  safety  and  welfare  the  laws  existed.  The  Plebe 
ian  could  approach  the  courts  only  as  a  client  in  the  footsteps  of  a 
Patrician  patron.;  and  for  his  aid  in  obtaining  that  justice,  which  of 
course  was  an  absolute  debt  of  the  state,  the  Patrician  was  entitled 
to  the  support  of  his  client  in  every  enterprise  of  personal  interest 
and  ambition.  Thus  did  Rome,  while  enslaving  the  world,  blindly 
prepare  the  machinery  for  her  own  overthow  by  the  agency  of  do 
mestic  factions.  Industry  in  Rome  was  dishonored.  The  Plebeians 
labored  with  the  slaves.  Patricians  scorned  all  employments  but 
that  of  agriculture  and  the  service  of  the  state.  And  so  Rome  re 
jected  commerce  and  the  arts.  The  person  of  the  Patrician  was 
inviolable,  while  the  Plebeian  forfeited  liberty  and  for  a  long  period 
even  life  by  the  failure  to  pay  debts  which  his  very  necessities 
obliged  him  to  contract.  The  slaves  held  their  lives  by  the  tenure 
of  their  masters'  forbearance,  and  what  that  forbearance  was  we  learn 
from  the  fact  that  they  arrayed  the  slaves  against  each  other,  when 
trained  as  gladiators,  in  mortal  combat  for  the  gratification  of  their 
own  pride  and  the  amusement  of  the  people.  Punishments  were 
graduated,  not  by  the  inherent  turpitude  of  the  crimes  committed, 
nor  by  the  injury  or  danger  resulting  from  them  to  the  state,  but  by 
the  rank  of  the  offender.  What  was  that  Roman  liberty  of  which,  in 
such  general  and  captivating  descriptions,  we  read  so  much  ?  The 
Patrician  enjoyed  a  licentious  freedom,  the  Plebeian  an  uncertain 


THE   DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  135 

and  humiliating  one.  extorted  from  the  higher  order  by  perpetual 
practices  of  sedition.  According  to  the  modern  understanding  of 
popular  rights  and  character,  there  was  no  people  in  Kome.  So  at 
least  we  learn  from  Cicero:  "  Non  est  enim  consilium  in  vulgo.  Non 
ratio,  non  discrimen,  non  diligentia.  Semperque  sapienter  ea  quoe  pop- 
ulusferenda  non  laudanda" 

The  domestic  affections  were  stifled  in  that  wild  society.  The 
wife  was  a  slave  and  might  be  beaten,  transferred  to  another  lord,  or 
divorced  at  pleasure.  The  father  slew  his  children  whenever  their 
care  and  support  became  irksome,  and  the  state  approved  the  act. 
In  such  a  society  the  rich  and  great  of  course  grew  always  richer 
and  greater,  and  the  poor  and  low  always  poorer  and  more  debased  ; 
and  yet  throughout  all  her  long  career  did  Rome  never  establish  one 
public  charity,  nor  has  history  preserved  any  memorable  instances 
of  private  benevolence.  Such  was  the  life  of  Rome  under  her  kings 
and  consuls.  She  attained  the  end  of  her  ambition,  and  became, 
as  her  historian  truly  boasts,  "  Populus  Romanus  victor  dominusque 
omnium  gentium.'1'1  But  at  the  same  time  the  city  trembled  always 
at  the  very  breathing  of  popular  discontent,  and  every  citizen  and 
even  the  senate,  generals  and  consuls,  were  every  hour  the  slaves  of 
superstitious  fears  of  the  withdrawal  of  the  favor  of  the  gods.  The 
people,  sighing  for  milder  and  more  genial  laws,  after  the  lapse  of 
many  centuries,  recovered  the  lost  code  which  the  good  king  Numa 
had  received  from  the  goddess  Egeria.  Do  we  wonder  that  the  sen 
ate  interdicted  its  publication,  lest  it  might  produce  agitation  dan 
gerous  to  the  public  peace  ?  Or  can  we  be  surprised  when  we  read 
that  Cicero,  whose  philosophy  was  only  less  than  divine,  when  he 
found  that  the  republic  was  actually  falling  into  ruins,  implored  his 
new  academy  to  be  silent? 

You  know  well  the  prolonged  but  fearful  catastrophe,  the  civil  and 
the  servile  wars,  the  dictatorship,  the  usurpation,  the  empire,  the 
military  despotism,  the  insurrections  in  the  provinces,  the  invasion 
by  barbarians,  the  division  and  the  dismemberment  and  the  fall  of 
the  state,  the  extinction  of  the  Roman  name,  language  and  laws,  and 
the  destruction  of  society,  and  even  civilization  itself,  not  only  in 
Italy,  but  throughout  the  world,  and  the  consequent  darkness  which, 
overshadowed  the  earth  throughout  seven  centuries.  Tins  is  the 


136  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

moral  of  a  state  whose  material  life  is  stimulated  and  perfected,  while 
its  spiritual  life  is  neglected  and  extinguished. 

And  now  it  is  seen  that  the  future  which  we  ought  to  desire  for 
our  country  involves  besides  merely  physical  prosperity  and  aggran 
dizement,  corresponding  intellectual  development  and  advancement 
in  virtue  also.  JzLasj^ur  spiritual  lifejiitbertoimprovedj^qually  with 
our  material  growth/ 

It  is  not  easy  to  answer  the  question.  We  were  at  first  a  small 
and  nearly  a  homogeneous  people.  We  are  now  eight  times  more 
numerous,  and  we  have  incorporated  large  and  various  foreign  ele 
ments  in  our  society.  We  were  originally  a  rural  and  agricultural 
people.  Now  one-seventh  of  our  population  is  found  in  manufactur 
ing  towns  and  commercial  cities.  We  then  were  poor,  and  lived  in 
constant  apprehension  of  domestic  disorder  and  of  foreign  danger, 
and  we  were  at  the  same  time  distrustful  of  the  capacity  and  stability 
of  our  novel  institutions.  We  are  now  relatively  rich,  and  all  those 
doubts  and  fears  have  vanished.  We  must  make  allowance  for  this , 
great  change  of  circumstances,  and  we  must  remember  also  that  it  is 
the  character  of  the  great  mass  of  society  now  existing  that  is  to  be 

\compared  with,  not  the  heroic  models  of  the  revolutionary  age,  but 
with  society  at  large  as  it  then  existed. 

It  is  certain  that  society  has  not  declined.  Religion  has,  indeed, 
lost  some  of  its  ancient  austerity,  but,  waiving  the  question  whether 
asceticism  is  a  just  test  of  religion,  we  may  safely  say  that  the  change 
which  has  occurred  is  only  a  compromise  with  foreign  elements  of 
religion ;  for  who  will  deny  that  those  elements  are  purer  and  more 
spiritual  here  than  the  systems  existing  abroad  from  which  they  have 
been  derived  ?  Nor  can  it  be  denied  that,  while  the  ecclesiastical 
systems  existing  among  us  have  been,  with  even  more  than  our  rigor 
ous  early  jealousy,  kept  distinct  and  separate  from  the  political  con 
duct  of  the  state,  religious  institutions  have  been  multiplied  relatively 
with  the  advance  of  settlement  and  population,  and  are  everywhere 
well  and  effectually  sustained.  At  the  era  of  independence  we  had 
little  intellectual  reputation,  except  what  a  bold  and  successful  meta 
physician  and  a  vigorous  explorer  in  natural  philosophy  had  won  for 
us.  We  have  now,  I  think,  a  recognized  and  respectable  rank  in  the 
republic  of  letters.  It  is  true,  indeed,  that  we  have  produced  few 
great  works  in  speculative  science  and  polite  literature ;  but  those 


THE   DESTINY   OF   AMERICA.  137 

are  not  the  departments  which,  during  the  last  half  century,  have 
chiefly  engaged  the  human  mind.  A  long  season  of  political  reform 
and  recovery  from  exhausting  wars  has  necessarily  required  intel 
lectual  activity  in  reducing  into  use  the  discoveries  before  made ;  and 
we  may  justly  claim  that,  in  applying  the  elements  of  science  to  the 
improvement  and  advancement  of  agriculture,  art,  and  commerce, 
we  have  not  been  surpassed. 

I  do  not  seek  to  disguise  from  myself,  nor  from  you,  the  existence 
of  a  growing  passion  for  territorial  aggrandizement,  which  often 
exhibits  a  gross  disregard  of  justice  and  humanity.  Nevertheless,  I 
am  not  one  of  those  who  think  that  the  temper  of  the  nation  has 
become  already  unsettled.  Accidents  favoring  the  indulgence  of 
that  passion,  have  been  met  with  a  degree  of  self-denial  that  no  other 
nation  ever  practised.  Aggrandizement  has  been  incidental,  while 
society  has,  nevertheless,  bestowed  its  chief  care  on  developments  of 
natural  resources,  reforms  of  political  constitutions,  melioration  of 
codes,  the  diffusion  of  knowledge,  and  the  cultivation  of  virtue.  If 
this  benign  policy  has  been  chiefly  exercised  within  the  domain  of  state 
authority,  and  has  not  reached  our  federal  system,  the  explanation  is 
obvious  in  the  facts  that  the  popular  will  is,  by  virtue  of  the  federal 
constitution,  slower  in  reaching  that  system,  and  that  we  inherited 
fears  which  seemed  patriotic,  of  the  danger  of  severance  of  the  Union, 
to  result  from  innovation.  If  we  have  not,  in  the  federal  govern 
ment,  forsaken,  as  widely  as  we  ought  to  have  done,  systems  of 
administration  borrowed  from  countries  where  liberty  was  either 
unknown  or  was  greatly  abridged,  and  so  have  maintained  armies, 
and  navies,  and  diplomacy,  on  a  scale  of  unnecessary  grandeur  and 
ostentation,  it  can  hardly  be  contended  that  they  have,  in  any  great 
degree,  corrupted  the  public  virtue.  Inquiry  is  now  more  active 
than  it  has  heretofore  been,  and  it  may  not  be  doubted  that  the  fede 
ral  action  will  hereafter,  though  with  such  moderation  as  will  produce 
no  danger  and  justify  no  alarm,  be  made  to  conform  to  the  senti 
ments  of  prudence,  enterprise,  justice,  and  humanity,  which  prevail 
among  the  people. 

Looking  through  the  states  which  formed  the  confederacy  in  its 
beginning,  we  find,  as  general  facts,  that  public  order  has  been  effect 
ually  maintained,  public  faith  has  been  preserved,  and  public  tran 
quillity  has  been  undisturbed,  that  justice  has  everywhere  been  regu- 

VOL.  IV.  18 


138  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

larly  administered,  and  generally  with  impartiality.  We  have 
established  a  system  of  education,  which,  it  is  true,  is  surpassed  by 
many  European  institutions  in  regard  to  the  instruction  afforded,  but 
which,  nevertheless,  is  far  more  equal  and  universal  in  regard  to  the 
masses  which  are  educated  ;  and  we  are  beginning  to  see  that  system 
adapted  equally  to  the  education  of  both  sexes,  and  of  all  races, 
which  is  a  feature  altogether  new  even  in  modern  civilization,  and 
promises  the  most  auspicious  results  to  the  cause  of  liberty  and  vir 
tue.  Our  literature  half  a  century  ago  was  altogether  ephemeralr 
and  scarcely  formed  an  element  of  moral  or  political  influence.  It 
is  now  marked  with  our  own  national  principles  and  sentiments,  and 
exerts  every  day  an  increasing  influence  on  the  national  mind.  The 
journalist  press,  originally  a  feeble  institution,  often  engaged  in  excit 
ing  the  passions  and  alarming  the  fears  of  society,  and  dividing  it 
into  uncompromising  and  unforgiving  factions,  has  been  constantly 
assuming  a  higher  tone  of  morality  and  more  patriotic  and  humane 
principles  of  action.  There  are,  indeed,  gross  abuses  of  the  power 
of  suffrage,  but  still  our  popular  elections,  on  the  whole,  express  the 
will  of  the  people,  and  are  even  less  influenced  by  authority,  preju 
dice  and  passion,  than  heretofore.  Slavery,  an  institution  that  was 
at  first  quite  universal,  has  now  come  to  be  acknowledged  as  a  pecu 
liar  one,  existing  in  only  a  portion  of  the  states.  And  if,  as  I  doubt 
not,  you,  like  myself,  are  impatient  of  its  continuance,  then  you  will 
nevertheless  find  ground  for  much  satisfaction  in  the  fact  that  the 
foreign  slave  trade  has  been  already,  by  unanimous  consent  of  all 
the  states,  condemned  and  repudiated ;  that  manumission  has  been 
effected  in  half  of  the  states;  and  that,  notwithstanding  the  great 
political  influence  which  the  institution  has  been  able  to  organize, 
a  healthful,  constant,  and  growing  public  sentiment,  nourished  by  the 
suggestions  of  sound  economy  and  the  instincts  of  justice  and  huma 
nity,  is  leading  the  way  with  marked  advance  toward  a  complete  and 
universal,  though  just  and  peaceful  emancipation. 

It  must  be  borne  in  mind,  now,  that  all  this  moral  and  social  im 
provement  has  been  effected,  not  by  the  exercise  of  any  authority 
over  the  people,  but  by  the  people  themselves,  acting  with  freedom 
from  all  except  self-imposed  restraints. 

Of  the  new  states,  it  is  happily  true  that  they  have,  almost  with 
out  exception,  voluntarily  organized  their  governments  according  to 


THE   DESTINY    OF   AMEKICA.  139 

the  most  perfect  models  furnished  by  the  elder  members  of  the  con 
federacy,  and  that  they  have  uniformly  maintained  law,  order,  and 
faith,  while  they  have,  with  wonderful  forecast,  been  even  more 
munificent  than  the  elder  states  in  laying  broad  foundations  of  liberty 
and  virtue.  On  the  whole,  we  think  that  we  may  claim  that,  under 
the  republican  system  established  here,  the  people  have  governed 
themselves  safely  and  wisely,  and  have  enjoyed  a  greater  amount  of 
prosperity  and  happiness  than,  under  any  form  of  constitution,  was 
ever  before  or  elsewhere  vouchsafed  to  any  portion  of  mankind. 

Nevertheless,  this  review  proves  only  that  the  measure  of  know 
ledge  and  virtue  we  possess  is  equal  to  the  exigency  of  the  republic 
under  the  circumstances  in  which  it  was  organized.  Those  circum 
stances  are  passing  away,  and  we  are  entering  a  career  of  wealth,, 
power,  and  expansion.  In  that  career,  it  is  manifest  that  we  shall 
need  higher  intellectual  attainments  and  greater  virtue  as  a  nation 
than  we  have  hitherto  possessed,  or  else  there  is  no  adaptation  of 
means  to  ends  in  the  scheme  of  the  Divine  government.  Nay,  we 
shall  need,  in  this  new  emergency,  intellect  and  virtue  surpassing 
those  of  the  honored  founders  of  the  republic.  I  am  aware  that  this 
proposition  will  seem  to  you  equally  unreasonable  and  irreverent. 
Nevertheless,  you  will,  on  a  moment's  reflection,  admit  its  truth. 
Did  the  invention  of  the  nation  stop  with  the  discoveries  of  Fulton 
and  Franklin  ?  On  the  contrary,  those  philosophers,  if  they  could 
now  revisit  the  earth,  would  bow  to  the  genius  which  has  perfected 
the  steam  engine  and  the  telegraph  with  a  homage  as  profound  as 
that  with  which  we  honor  their  own  great  memories.  So  I  think 
Jefferson,  and  even  Washington,  under  the  same  circumstances,  in 
stead  of  accusing  us  of  degeneracy,  would  be  lost  in  admiration  of 
the  extent  and  perfection  to  which  we  have  safely  carried  in  practice 
the  theory  of  self-government  which  they  established  amid  so  much 
uncertainty,  and  bequeathed  to  us  with  so  much  distrust.  Shall  we 
acquit  ourselves  of  obligation  if  we  rest  content  with  either  the 
achievements,  the  intelligence,  or  the  virtue  of  our  ancestors?  If  so, 
then  the  prospect  of  mankind  is  hopeless  indeed,  for  then  it  must  be 
true  that  not  only  is  there  an  impassable  stage  of  social  perfection, 
but  that  we  have  reached  it,  and  that  henceforth,  not  only  we,  but 
all  mankind,  must  recede  from  it,  and  civilization  must  everywhere 
decline.  Such  a  hypothesis  does  violence  to  every  power  of  the 


140  ORATION'S   AND   ADDRESSES. 

human  mind,  and  every  hope  of  the  human  heart.  Moreover, 'these 
energies  and  aspirations  are  the  forces  of  a  divine  nature  within  us, 
and  to  admit  that  they  can  be  stifled  and  suppressed,  is  to  contradict 
the  manifest  purposes  of  human  existence.  Yet  it  will  be  quite 
absurd  to  claim  that  we  are  fulfilling  these  purposes,  if  we  shall  fail 
to  produce  hereafter  bunt-factors  of  our  race  equal  to  Fulton,  and 
Franklin,  and  Adams,  arid  even  Washington.  Let  us  hold  these 
honored  characters  indeed  as  models,  but  not  of  unapproachable 
perfection.  Let  us,  on  the  contrary,  weigh  and  fully  understand  our 
great  responsibilities.  It  is  well  that  we  can  rejoice  in  the  renown 
of  a  Cooper,  an  Irving,  and  a  Bancroft ;  but  we  have  yet  to  give 
birth  to  a  Shakspeare,  a  Milton,  and  a  Bacon.  The  fame  of  Patrick 
Henry  and  John  Adams  may  suffice  for  the  past ;  but  the  world  will 
yet  demand  of  us  a  Burke  and  a  Demosthenes.  We  may  repose  for 
the  present  upon  the  fame  of  Morse  and  Fulton  and  Franklin ;  but 
human  society  is  entitled  to  look  to  us,  ere  long,  for  a  Des  Cartes  and 
a  Newton.  If  we  disappoint  these  expectations,  and  acknowledge 
ourselves  unequal  to  them,  then  how  shall  it  be  made  to  appear  that 
freedom  is  better  than  slavery,  and  republicanism  more  conducive  to 
the  welfare  of  mankind  than  despotism  ?  To  cherish  aspirations  hum 
bler  than  these,  is  equally  to  shrink  from  our  responsibilities  and  to 
dishonor  the  memory  of  the  ancestors  we  so  justly  revere. 

And  now  I  am  sure  that  your  hearts  will  sink  into  some  depth  of 
despondency  wheiwLask  whether  American  society  now  exhibits  the 
JTJ]iipno,gs^of  these  higher  but  necessary  aspirations?  I  think  that 
everywhere  there  is  confessed  a  decline  from  the  bold  and  stern  vir 
tue  which,  at  some  previous  time,  was  inculcated  and  practised  in 
•executive  councils  and  in  representative  chambers.  I  think  that  we 
all  are  conscious  that  recently  we  have  met  questions  of  momentous 
responsibility,  in  the  organization  of  governments  over  our  newly 
acquired  territories,  and  appeals  to  our  sympathy  and  aid  for  op 
pressed  nations  abroad,  in  a  spirit  of  timidity  and  of  compromise. 
I  think  that  we  all  are  conscious  of  having  abandoned  something  of 
our  high  morality,  in  suffering  important  posts  of  public  service,  at 
home  and  abroad,  to  fall  sometimes  into  the  hands  of  mercenary  men, 
destitute  of  true  republican  spirit,  and  of  generous  aspirations  to 
promote  the  welfare  of  our  country  and  of  mankind: 
''  Souls  that  no  hope  of  future  praise  inflame, 
Cold  and  insensible  to  glorious  fume." 


THE   DESTIXY   OF   AMERICA.  1-il 

I  think  that  we  are  accustomed  to  excuse  the  national  demoraliza 
tion  which  has  produced  these  results,  on  the  ground  that  the  prac 
tice  of  a  sterner  virtue  might  have  disturbed  the  harmony  of  society, 
and  endangered  the  safety  of  that  fabric  of  union  on  which  all  our 
hopes  depend.  In  this,  we  forget  that  a  nation  must  always  recede 
if  it  be  not  actually  advancing ;  that,  as  hope  is  the  element  of  pro 
gress,  so  fear,  admitted  into  public  counsels,  betrays  like  treason. 

But  there  is,  nevertheless,  no  sufficient  reason  for  the  distrust  of 
the  national  virtue.  Moral  forces  are,  like  material  forces,  subject  to- 
conflict  and  reaction.  It  is  only  through  successive  reactions  that 
knowledge  and  virtue  advance.  The  great  conservative  and  restora 
tive  forces  of  society  still  remain,  and  are  acquiring,  all  the  whiler 
even  greater  vigor  than  they  have  ever  heretofore  exercised.  Whether 
I  am  right  or  not  in  this  opinion,  all  will  agree  that  an  increase  of 
popular  intelligence  and  a  renewal  of  public  virtue  are  necessary. 
This  is  saying  nothing  new,  for  it  is  a  maxim  of  political  science  that 
all  nations  must  continually  advance  in  knowledge  and  renew  their 
constitutional  virtues,  or  must  perish.  I  am  sure  that  we  shall  do 
this,  because  I  am  sure  that  our  great  capacity  for  advancing  the 
welfare  of  mankind  has  not  yet  been  exhausted,  and  that  the  promi 
ses  we  have  given  to  the  cause  of  humanity  will  not  be  suffered  to- 
fail  by  Him  who  overrules  all  human  events  to  the  promotion  of  that 
cause. 

But  where  is  the  agency  that  is  to  work  out  these  so  necessary 
results  ?  Shall  we  look  to  the  press?  Tes,  we  may  ho"pe  much  from 
the  press,  for  it  is  free.  It  can  safely  inculcate  truth  and  expose 
prejudice,  error,  and  injustice.  The  press,  moreover,  is  strong  in  its 
perfect  mechanism,  and  it  reaches  every  mind  throughout  this  vast 
and  ever- widening  confederacy.  But  the  press  must  have  editors- 
and  authors — men  possessing  talents,  education,  and  virtue,  and  so- 
qualified  to  instruct,  enlighten,  and  guide  the  people. 

Shall  we  look  to  the  sacred  desk  ?  Yes,  indeed ;  for  it  is  of  divine 
institution,  and  is  approved  by  human  experience.  The  ministers- 
of  Christ,  inculcating  divine  morals,  under  divine  authority,  with 
divine  sanctions,  and  sustained  and  aided  by  special  cooperating 
influences  of  the  Divine  Spirit,  are  now  carrying  farther  and  broadly 
onward  the  great  work  of  the  renewal  of  the  civilization  of  the  world, 
and  its  emancipation  from  superstition  and  despotism.  But  the  desk, 


ORATIONS    AXD   ADDRESSES. 

also,  must  have  ministers — men  possessing  talents,  education,  and 
virtue,  and  so  qualified  to  enlighten,  instruct,  and  guide  mankind. 

But  however  well  the  press,  the  desk,  and  the  popular  tribune, 
may  be  qualified  to  instruct  and  elevate  the  people,  their  success  and 
consequently  their  influence  must  after  all  depend  largely  on  the 
measure  of  intelligence  and  virtue  possessed  by  the  people  when 
sufficiently  matured  to  receive  their  instructions.  Editors,  authors, 
ministers,  statesmen,  and  people,  all  are  qualified  for  their  respective 
posts  of  duty  in  the  institutions  of  popular  education,  and  the  stand 
ard  of  these  is  established  by  that  which  is  recognized  among  us  by 
the  various  names  of  the  academy,  the  college,  and  the  university. 
We  see,  then,  that  the  university  holds  a  chief  place  among  the 
institutions  of  the  American  Republic. 

I  may  not  attempt  to  specify  at  large  what  the  university  ought  to 
teach  or  how  it  ought  to  impart  its  instructions.  That  has  been  con 
fided  to  abler  and  more  practical  hands.  But  I  may  venture  to  insist 
on  the  necessity  of  having  the  standard  of  moral  duty  maintained  at 
its  just  height  by  the  university.  That  institution  must  be  rich  and 
full  in  the  knowledge  of  the  sciences  which  it  imparts,  but  this  is 
not  of  itself  enough.  It  must  imbue  the  national  mind  with  correct 
convictions  of  the  greatness  and  excellence  to  which  it  ought  to 
aspire.  To  do  this  it  must  accustom  Jhe  public  mind  to  look  beyond 
the  mere  temporary  consequences  of  actions  and  events  to  their  ulti 
mate  influence  on  the  direction  of  the  republic  and  on  the  progress 
of  mankind.  So  it  will  enable  men  to  decide  between  prejudice  and 
reason,  expediency  and  duty,  the  demagogue  and  the  statesman,  the 
bigot  and  the  Christian. 

The  standard  which  the  university  shall  establish  must  correspond 
to  the  principles  of  eternal  truth  and  equal  justice.  The  university 
must  be  conservative.  It  must  hold  fast  every  just  principle  of 
moral  and  political  science  that  the  experience  of  mankind  has  ap 
proved,  but  it  must  also  be  bold,  remembering  that  in  every  human 
system  there  are  always  political  superstitions  upholding  physical 
slavery  in  some  of  its  modes,  as  there  are  always  religious  supersti 
tions  upholding  intellectual  slavery  in  some  of  its  forms;  that  all 
these  superstitions  stand  upon  prescriptions,  and  that  they  can  only 
be  exploded  where  opinion  is  left  free,  and  reason  is  ever  active  and 
vigorous.  But  the  university  must  nevertheless  practice  and  teach 


THE   DESTINY   OF   AMERICA. 

moderation  and  charity  even  to  error,  remembering  that  involuntary 
error  will  necessarily  be  mingled  also  even  with  its  own  best  instruc 
tions,  that  unbridled  zeal  overreaches  and  defeats  itself,  and  that  he 
who  would  conquer  in  moral  discussion,  like  him  who  would  prevail 
in  athletic  games,  must  be  temperate  in  all  things. 

Reverend  Instructors  and  Benevolent  Founders,  this  new  institu 
tion,  by  reason  of  its  location  in  the  centre  of  Ohio,  itself  a  central 
one  among  these  thirty-one  united  communities,  must  exert  an  influ 
ence  that  can  scarcely  be  conceived,  now,  upon  the  welfare  and  fame 
of  our  common  country.  Devote  it  then,  I  pray  you,  to  no  mere 
partisan  or  sectarian  objects.  Remember  that  the  patriot  and  the 
Christian  is  a  partisan  or  a  sectarian,  only  because  the  constitution 
of  society  allows  him  no  other  mode  of  efficient  and  beneficent  acti 
vity.  Let  "Capitol  University"  be  dedicated  not  to  the  interests  of 
the  beautiful  city  which  it  adorns,  nor  even  to  the  interests  of  the 
great  and  prosperous  state  whose  patronage  I  hope  it  will  largely 
enjoy,  nor  even  to  the  republic  of  which  I  trust  it  is  destined  to 
become  a  tower  of  strength  and  support.  On  the  contrary,  if  you 
would  make  it  promote  most  effectually  all  these  precious  interests, 
de'dicate  it,  I  enjoin  upon  you,  as  our  forefathers  dedicated  all  the 
institutions  which  they  established,  to  the  cause  of  Human  Nature. 


THE  TRUE  BASIS  OF  AMERICAN  INDEPENDENCE/ 

FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  I  do  not  know  how  lightly  you,  who  are  hur 
ried  so  fast  through  the  ever-changing  panorama  of  metropolitan  lifeT 
may  regard  the  quiet  scenes  of  this  unpretending  festival,  appointed 
and  arranged  with  so  much  care  by  the  American  Institute ;  but 
I  confess  for  myself,  that,  coming  from  a  distant  and  rural  home,  and 
so  being  never  more  than  an  occasional  spectator  here,  I  find  always 
the  same  first  freshness,  in  these  autumnal  shows  of  flowers,  and 
fruits,  and  animals  of  subsistence,  fleece  and  burden,  trained  and 
perfected  by  hard  yet  gentle  hands ;  and  that  these  annual  trials  of 
the  skill  of  emulous,  yet  unambitious  men  and  women,  in  the  use 
of  the  spade  and  the  plow,  the  forge  and  the  furnace,  the  dairy  a,nd 
the  needle,  the  spindle  and  the  loom,  innocent  in  their  nature,  yet 
beneficent  in  their  effect,  by  stimulating  invention  and  enterprise, 
while  they  faithfully  mark,  as  years  roll  on,  the  progress  which  our 
country  is  making  in  arts  and  civilization,  never  fail  to  excite  within 
me  sympathies  and  emotions  more  profound  and  pleasing  than  any 
state  pageant  which  I  have  witnessed  at  home,  or  the  most  imposing 
demonstration  of  military  power  that  can  be  seen  in  any  other  and 
less  favored  land. 

^  Society  divides  concerning  that  progress.  Those  who  are  occupied 
with  their  own  personal  cares,  and  apprehensive  of  evil  in  every 
change,  look  upon  it  with  indifference  or  distrust ;  others,  knowing 
that  in  a  republic,  constituted  as  this  is,  there  exists  always  a  restless 
activity  toward  either  peace  or  war,  virtue  or  vice,  greatness  or  shamer 
devote  themselves  to  the  duty  of  regulating  that  activity,  and  giving 
it  a  right  direction. 

^  The  members  of  the  American  Institute  are  of  this  class.  Having 
constantly  sympathized  with  them  heretofore,  when  their  unremitted 
labors  secured  neither  rewards  nor  favor,  I  rejoice  in  meeting  them 
now,  under  more  propitious  circumstances.  I  congratulate  your 

i  An  Address  before  the  American  Institute,  New  York,  October  20, 1853. 


THE   TRUE   BASIS   OF  AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE.  145 

Messrs.  Reese,  Livingston  and  Hall,  Stillman,  Meigs  and  Chandler, 
and  others,  associates,  that  your  institution  has  been  adopted  as  a 
model  by  many  towns,  and  by  all  the  counties  in  this  state,  by  the 
state  itself,  and  by  many  other  states ;  and  that  your  instructions  and 
example,  patiently  continued  through  so  many  years,  have  at  last 
induced  the  nation  itself  to  consent  to  appear,  and  to  win  some  sig 
nificant  trophies,  in  the  Exhibition  of  Universal  Industry,  already 
held  in  London,  and  to  inaugurate  another  and  brilliant  one  in  the 
world's  new  capital,  which  we  are  founding  on  this  yet  rude  coast 
of  a  recently  impassable  ocean. 

Nevertheless,  I  have  been  for  many  reasons  habitually  averse  from 
mingling  in  the  sometimes  excited  debates  which  crowd  upon  each 
other  in  a  great  city.  There  was,  however,  an  authority  which  I 
could  not  disobey,  in  the  venerable  name  and  almost  paternal  kind 
ness  of  the  eminent  citizen,  who  so  recently  presided  here  with  dig 
nity  and  serenity  all  his  own ;  and  who  transmitted  to  me  the  invita 
tion  of  the  Institute,  and  persuaded  its  acceptance ! 

How  sudden  his  death !  Only  three  weeks  ago  the  morning  mail 
brought  to  me  his  announcement  of  his  arrival  to  arrange  this  exhi 
bition,  and  his  summons  to  me  to  join  him  here;  and  the  evening 
dispatch,  on  the  self-same  day,  bore  the  painful  intelligence  that  the 
lofty  genius  which  had  communed  with  kindred  spirits  so  long,  on 
the  interests  of  his  country,  had  departed  from  the  earth,  and  that 
the  majestic  form  which  had  been  animated  by  it,  had  disappeared 
forever  from  among  living  men. 

I  had  disciplined  myself  when  coming  here,  so  as  to  purpose  to 
speak  no  word  for  the  cause  of  human  freedom,  lest  what  might  seem 
too  persistent  an  advocacy  might  offend.  But  must  I,  therefore, 
abridge  of  its  just  proportions  the  eulogiurn  which  the  occasion  and 
the  character  of  the  honored  dead  alike  demand  ? 

The  first  ballot  which  I  cast  for  the  chief  magistracy  of  my  native 
and  most  beloved  state,  bore  the  name  of  James  Tallmadge  as  the 
alternate  of  De  Witt  Clinton.  If  I  have  never  faltered  in  pursuing 
the  policy  of  that  immortal  statesman,  through  loud  reproach  and 
vindictive  opposition  during  his  life,  and  amid  clamors  and  conten 
tions,  often  amounting  almost  to  faction,  since  his  death,  I  have  found 
as  little  occasion  to  hesitate  or  waver  in  adhering  to  the  counsels  and 
example  of  the  illustrious  compeer  who,  after  surviving  him  so  many 
years,  has  now  been  removed,  in  ripened  age,  to  the  companionship 

VOL.  IV.  19 


146  ORATIONS    AND   ADDRESSES. 

of  the  just.  How  does  not  time  vindicate  fidelity  to  truth  and  to 
our  country !  A  vote  for  Clinton  and  Tallmadge  in  1824,  what  cen 
sures  did  it  not  bring  then?  Who  will  impeach  that  ballot  now? 

A  statesman's  claim  to  the  gratitude  of  his  country  rests  on  what 
were,  or  what  would  have  been,  the  results  of  the  policy  he  has 
recommended.  If  the  counsels  of  James  Tallmadge  had  completely 
prevailed,  then  not  only  would  American  forests,  mines,  soil,  inven 
tion  and  industry  have  rendered  our  country,  now  and  forever,  inde 
pendent  of  all  other  nations,  except  for  what  climate  forbids ;  but 
then,  also,  no  menial  hand  would  ever  have  guided  a  plow,  and  no 
footstep  of  a  slave  would  ever  have  been  tracked  on  the  soil  of  all 
that  vast  part  of  our  national  domain  that  stretches  away  from  the 
banks  of  the  Mississippi  to  the  far  western  ocean. 

This  was  the  policy  of  James  Tallmadge.  It  was  worthy  of  New 
York,  in  whose  name  it  was  promulgated.  It  would  have  been 
noble,  even  to  have  altogether  failed  in  establishing  it.  He  was  suc 
cessful,  however,  in  part  through — only  through — unwise  delays  and 
unnecessary  compromises,  which  he  strenuously  opposed,  and  which, 
therefore,  have  not  impaired  his  just  fame.  And  so  in  the  end, 
he,  more  nearly  than  any  other  citizen  of  our  time,  realized  the  de 
scription  of  the  happiest  man  in  the  world,  given  to  the  frivolous 
Croesus  by  the  great  Athenian :  "He  saw  his  offspring,  and  they  all 
survived  him.  At  the  close  of  an  honorable  and  prosperous  life,  on 
the  field  of  civic  victory,  he  was  rewarded  with  the  honors  of  a  pub 
lic  funeral  by  the  'state  that  he  had  enriched,  adorned,  and  enlarged." 

Gentlemen  of  the  American  Institute,  Dr.  Johnson  truly  said,  that 
the  first  man  who  balanced  a  straw  on  his  nose ;  the  first  man  who 
rode  three  horses  at  a  time ;  in  short,  all  such  men  deserved  the  ap 
plause  of  mankind,  on  account,  not  of  the  use  of  what  they  did,  but 
of  the  dexterity  which  they  exhibited ;  for  that  everything  which 
enlarged  the  sphere  of  human  powers,  and  showed  man  that  he  could 
do  what  he  thought  he  could  not  do,  was  valuable.  I  apprehend 
that  this  is  a  true  exposition  of  the  philosophy  of  your  own  most 
useful  labors. 

The  increase  of  personal  power  and  skill  diminishes  individual 
dependence;  and  individual  independence,  when  it  pervades  the 
•whole  state,  is  national  independence.  It  is  only  when,  through  such 
individuality  of  its  members,  a  nation  attains  a  certain  independence, 
that  it  passes  from  that  condition  of  society  in  which  it  thinks,  moves, 


THE   TRUE   BASIS   OF  AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE.  147 

and  acts,  whether  for  peace  or  for  war,  for  right  or  for  wrong,  accord 
ing  to  the  interests  or  caprices  of  one,  or  of  a  few  persons  (a  condi 
tion  which  defines  monarchy,  or  aristocracy),  to  that  better  condition 
in  which  it  thinks,  moves,  and  acts,  in  all  things,  under  the  direction  cf 
one  common  interest,  ascertained  and  determined  by  the  intelligent 
consent  of  a  majority,  or  all  of  its  members ;  which  condition  con 
stitutes  a  republic,  or  democracy.  So  democracy,  wherever  it  exists, 
is  more  or  less  perfect,  and,  of  course,  more  or  less  safe  and  strong, 
according  to  the  tone  of  individuality  maintained  by  its  citizens. 

Of  all  men,  and  of  all  nations,  it  seems  to  rne  that  Americans,  and 
this  republic,  have,  at  once  the  least  excuse  for  a  want  of  indepen 
dence,  and  the  most  need  for  assuming  and  maintaining  it. 

No  other  nation  has  equal  elements  of  society  arid  of  empire. 
Charlemagne,  when  founding  his  kingdom,  saw,  or  might  have  seen, 
that,  while  it  was  confined  by  the  ocean  and  by  the  Mediterranean 
on  the  west  and  on  the  south,  it  was  equally  shut  in  northerly  and 
eastwardly  by  river  and  mountain  barriers,  which  would  be  success 
fully  maintained  forever,  by  races  as  vigorous  and  as  independent  as 
the  Franks  themselves.  Alfred  the  Great  saw  so  clearly  how  his 
country  was  circumscribed  by  the  seas,  that  he  never  once  thought 
of  continental  empire.  The  future  careers  of  France  and  England 
may,  like  the  past,  be  filled  up  with  spasmodic  efforts  to  enlarge  fixed 
dominions  by  military  conquests  and  agricultural  and  commercial 
colonies;  but  all  such  attempts,  even  if  they  should  be  as  gigantic 
as  those  which  have  heretofore  been  made,  will,  like  them,  be  followed 
by  disastrous  reactions,  bringing  the  nations  back  again,  and  confin 
ing  them  at  last  within  their  natural  and  earliest  borders.  No  politi 
cal  system  can  be  held  together  permanently  by  force,  suspending  or 
overpowering  the  laws  of  political  affinity  and  gravitation.  Unlike 
those  nations,  we  are  a  homogeneous  people,  occupying  a  compact 
and  indivisible  domain,  peculiarly  adapted  to  internal  commerce, 
seventeen  times  greater  than  that  of  France,  and  an  hundred  times 
more  extended  than  that  of  Great  Britain.  While  it  spreads  east 
ward  and  westward  across  the  continent,  nature  has  not  interposed, 
nor  has  man  erected,  nor  can  he  raise,  a  barrier  on  the  north  or  on 
the  south,  that  can  prevent  any  expansion  that  shall  be  found  neces 
sary,  provided  only  that  our  efforts  to  effect  it  shall  be,  as  they  ought 
to  be,  wise,  peaceful,  and  magnanimous.  Only  Russia  excels  us  in 
territorial  greatness.  But  while  all  of  her  vast  population  are  not 


\j 


148  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

merely  willing,  but  even  superstitious  subjects,  of  an  unmitigated 
despotism,  more  than  four-fifths  of  them  are  predial  slaves.  If  such 
a  population  could,  within  any  short  period,  rise  up  to  a  state  of 
comparative  social  elevation,  such  a  change  would  immediately  lead 
to  seditions  that  must  inevitably  result  in  dismemberment  of  the 
empire. 

Why  should  we  go  abroad  for  mineral  materials,  or  for  metallic 
treasures,  since  this  broad  domain  of  ours  is,  even  more  plentifully 
than  any  equal  portion  of  the  earth,  stored  with  marl,  gypsum,  salt, 
coal,  quicksilver,  lead,  copper,  iron,  and  gold  ?  Where  shall  we  find 
quarries  and  forests,  producing  more  amply  the  materials  for  archi 
tecture,  whether  for  the  purposes  of  peace,  or  of  war  on  land  or  on 
sea?  Our  cities  may  be  built  of  our  own  freestone,  marble  and  gra 
nite  ;  and  our  southern  coasts  are  fringed  with  pine  and  live-oak, 
while  timber  and  lumber,  diversified  and  exhaustless,  crown  our 
northern  mountains  and  plains. 

Why  should  we  resort  to  other  soils  and  climates  for  supplies  of 
subsistence,  if  we  except  spices,  dyes,  and  some  not  indispensable 
tropical  fruits,  since  we  have  sugar,  rice  and  cotton  fields  stretching 
along  the  shore  of  the  gulf,  long  mountain  ranges,  such  as  those  of 
Virginia  and  Vermont,  declivities  in  which  the  vine  delights,  along 
the  banks  of  the  Ohio,  and  the  endless  prairies,  fertile  in  all  cereal 
grains,  tobacco,  flax  and  hemp,  that  border  the  lakes  and  the  Mis 
sissippi,  and  their  widely-branching  and  far-reaching  inlets  and  tribu 
taries  ? 

If  there  is  virtue  in  blood,  what  nation  traces  its  lineage  to  purer 
and  gentler  stocks?  And  what  nation  increases  in  numbers,  by 
either  immigration  or  by  native  births,  more  rapidly  ?  And  what 
nation,  moreover,  has  risen  in  intelligence  equally  or  so  fast  ? 

If  it  be  asked  whether  we  have  spirit  and  vigor  proportioned  to 
our  natural  resources,  I  answer,  look  at  these  thirteen  original  states. 
Their  vigor  is  not  only  unimpaired,  but  it  is  increasing.  Then  look 
at  the  eighteen  others,  offshoots  of  those  stocks.  They  are  even  more 
elastic  and  thrifty.  Consider  how  small  and  how  recently  planted 
were  the  germs  of  all  this  political  luxuriance,  and  to  what  early 
hardships  and  neglect  they  were  exposed.  Can  we  not  reasonably 
look  for  a  maturity  full  of  strength  and  majesty? 

Moreover,  the  circumstances  of  the  age  are  propitious  to  us.  The 
nations  on  this  comment  are  new,  youthful  and  fraternal,  while  those 


THE   TRUE   BASIS   OF   AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE. 

existing  on  the  other  are  either  lying  in  hopeless  debasement  or  are 
preparing  to  undergo  the  convulsions  of  an  indispensable  regenera 
tion.  What  power,  then,  need  we  fear?  What  power,  if  we  were 
in  danger,  could  yield  us  protection,  or  even  aid  ? 

While  our  constitutions  and  laws  establish  political  equality,  they 
operate  to  produce  social  equality  also,  by  preventing  monopolies  of 
land  and  great  accumulation  of  wealth  ;  and  so  they  afford  incentives 
to  universal  activity  and  emulation.  Why,  then,  should  not  the 
American  citizen  and  the  American  republic  be  consciously  indepen 
dent  in  all  things,  as  in  all  things  they  are  safe  and  free? 

Such  independence  should  be  attained  and  preserved,  not  by  a  few 
only,  but,  as  far  as  possible,  by  all  citizens.  It  is  not  less  essential 
that  the  farmer,  the  mechanic,  and  the  laborer  shall  enjoy  it,  than 
that  it  shall  regulate  the  action  of  the  merchant,  the  lawyer,  and  the 
statesman.  Every  member  of  the  state  may  become  a  soldier,  and 
even  a  senator.  He  can  never  be  less  than  an  elector.  What  does 
not  the  republic  owe  to  Sherman  and  Franklin  ?  Yet  they  were 
mechanics.  What  would  not  have  been  its  fate  but  for  the  indepen 
dence  of  the  captors  of  Andre?  Yet,  Paulding,  Williams,  and  Van 
Wart  were  mere  laboring  men. 

Virtue  is  confessedly  the  vital  principle  of  the  republic ;  but  virtue 
cannot  exist  without  courage,  which  is  only  the  consciousness  of  in 
dependence. 

We  are  bound  to  recommend  republican  institutions  to  the  accep 
tance  of  other  nations.  Can  we  do  so,  if  we  are  content  to  be  no 
wiser,  no  more  virtuous,  no  more  useful  to  humanity,  than  those  to 
whom  such  institutions  are  denied?  Eesponsibility  is  always  in 
proportion  to  the  talent  enjoyed.  Neither  man  nor  nation  can  be 
wise  or  really  virtuous,  or  useful,  when  dependent  on  the  caprice  or 
even  on  the  favor  of  another.  Is  there  one  among  the  tens  of  thou 
sands  of  inventions  in  the  patent  office  that  was  made  by  a  slave,  or 
even  by  one  whose  blood  had  been  recently  attainted  by  slavery  ? 
Peter  the  Great,  master  of  so  many  millions  of  'slaves,  resorted  to 
the  shop  of  a  free  mechanic  of  Saardam  to  learn  the  mystery  of  ship 
building.  His  successor,  Nicholas,  employs  Whistler,  a  Massachu 
setts  engineer,  to  project  his  railroads;  Eoss  Winans,  a  Baltimore 
mechanic,  to  construct  his  locomotives;  and  Orsamus  Eaton,  a  car 
riage-maker  of  Troy,  to  construct  his  cars.  Do  you  wonder_tha 


150  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

loving  freedom   for  such  fruits,    I   also  have   set   my  face   firmly 
against  slavery? 

If  we  act  hereafter  as  we  have  acted  hitherto,  we  shall  be  continu 
ally  changing  old  things,  old  laws,  old  customs  and  even  old  consti 
tutions,  for  new  ones.  Does  any  one  doubt  this?  Have  we  not 
already  a  third  constitution  in  this  state?  Has  any  one  of  the  states 
a  constitution  older  than  twenty -five  years  ?  But  political  progress, 
if  not  regulated  with  moderation,  may  move  too  fast;  and  if  not 
wisely  guided  will  lead  to  ruin.  It  is  the  people  themselves,  and  not 
any  power  above  or  aside  from  them,  that  alone  must  regulate  and 
direct  that  progress.  Be  they  never  so  honest,  they  cannot  discharge 
so  great  a  political  trust  wisely,  except  they  act  on  such  generous 
impulses,  and  with  such  lofty  purposes,  as  only  bold  and  independent 
men  can  conceive.  The  people  must  be  independent,  or  this  repub 
lic,  like  the  republics  that  have  gone  before  it,  must  be  ruled  and 
ruined  by  demagogues. 

I  am  far  from  supposing  that  we  are  signally  deficient  in  indepen 
dence.  I  know  that  it  is  a  national,  a  hereditary  and  a  popular 
sentiment ;  that  we  annually  celebrate,  and  always  glory  in  our  in 
dependence.  We  do  so  justly,  for  nowhere  else  does  even  a  form 
shadow  of  popular  independence  exist ;  while  here  it  is  the  very 
rock  on  which  our  institutions  rest.  Nevertheless,  occasions  for  the 
exercise  of  this  virtue  may  be  neglected. 

We  hold  in  contempt,  equally  just  and  profound,  him  who  im 
poses,  and  him  who  wears  a  menial  livery ;  and  yet,  I  think,  that 
we  are  accustomed  to  regard  with  no  great  severity,  the  employer 
who  exacts,  or  the  mechanic,  clerk  or  laborer,  who  yields  political 
conformity  in  consideration  of  wages.  We  insist,  as  we  ought,  that 
every  citizen  in  the  state  shall  be  qualified  by  education  for  citizen 
ship  ;  but  we  are  by  no  means  unanimous  that  one  citizen,  or  class 
of  citizens,  shall  not  prescribe  its  own  creed,  in  the  instruction  of  the 
children  of  others.  We  construct  and  remodel  partizan  formulas 
and  platforms  with  changing  circumstances,  with  almost  as  much 
diligence  and  versatility  as  the  Mexicans;  and  we  attempt  to  enforce 
conformity  to  them,  with  scarcely  less  of  zeal  and  intolerance,  not 
indeed  by  the  sword,  but  by  the  greater  terror  of  political  proscrip 
tion.  We  resist  argument,  not  always  with  argument,  but  often  with 
personal  denunciation,  and  sometimes  even  with  combined  violence. 
We  differ,  indeed,  as  to  the  particular  errors  of  political  faith,  that 


THE   TRUE   BASIS   OF   AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE.  151 

shall  be  corrected  by  this  extreme  remedy ;  but,  nevertheless,  the 
number  of  those  who  altogether  deny  its  necessity  and  suitableness 
in  some  cases,  is  very  small. 

We  justly  maintain  that  a  free  press  is  the  palladium  of  liberty; 
and  yet,  mutually  proscribing  all  editorial  independence  that  is  mani 
fested  by  opposition  to  our  own  opinions,  we  have  only  attained  a 
press  that  is  free  in  the  sense  that  every  interest,  party,  faction,  or 
sect,  can  have  its  own  independent  organ.  If  it  be  still  maintained, 
notwithstanding  these  illustrations  to  the  contrary,  that  entire  social 
independence  prevails,  then,  I  ask,  why  is  it  so  necessary  to  preserve 
with  jealousy,  as  we  justly  do,  the  ballot,  in  lieu  of  open  suffrage;  for 
if  every  citizen  is  really  free  from  all  fear  and  danger,  why  should  he 
mask  his  vote  more  than  his  face.  Believe  me,  fellow  citizens,  inde 
pendence  always  languishes  in  the  very  degree  that  intolerance  pre 
vails.  We  smile  at  the  vanity  of  the  factory  girl  of  Lowell,  who, 
having  spent  the  secular  part  of  the  week  in  making  calicoes  for  the 
use  of  her  unsophisticated  countrywomen,  disdainfully  arrays  herself 
on  Sundays  exclusively  in  the  tints  of  European  dyes ;  and  yet,  we 
are  indifferent  to  the  fact  that  besides  a  universal  consumption  of 
foreign  silks,  excluding  the  silkworm  from  our  country,  we  purchase, 
in  England  alone,  one  hundred  and  fifty  millions  of  yards  of  the 
same  stained  muslins.  We  sustain,  here  and  there,  a  rickety,  or  at 
best  a  contracted  iron  manufactory ;  while  we  import  iron  to  make 
railroads  over  our  own  endless  ore  fields,  and  we  carry  our  prejudices \  // 
against  our  struggling  manufacturers  and  mechanics  so  far  as  to 
fastidiously  avoid  wearing  on  our  persons,  or  using  on  our  tables,  or 
displaying  in  our  drawing-rooms,  any  fabric,  of  whatsoever  material, 
texture  or  color,  that,  in  the  course  of  its  manufacture,  has,  to  our 
best  knowledge  and  belief,  ever  come  in  contact  with  the  honest  han< 
of  an  American  citizen.  In  all  this,  we  are  less  in  dependent  thm 
the  Englishman,  the  Frenchman,  or  even  the  Siberian. 

It  is  painful  to  confess  the  same  infirmity  in  regard  to  intellectual  .  L^~ — 
productions^  We  despise,  deeply  and  universally,  the  spoiled  child 
of  pretension,  who,  going  abroad  for  education  or  observation,  with 
a  mind  destitute  of  the  philosophy  of  travel,  returns  to  us  with  an 
affected  tone  and  gait,  sure  indications  of  a  craven  spirit  and  a  dis 
loyal  heart.  And  yet  how  intently  do  we  not  watch  to  see  whether 
one  of  our  countrymen  obtains  in  Europe  the  honor  of  an  aristo 
cratic  dinner,  or  of  a  presentation,  in  a  grotesque  costume,  at  court! 


152  OKATIONS  AND  ADDKESSES. 

How  do  we  not  suspend  our  judgment  on  the  merits  of  the  native 
artist,  be  he  dancer,  singer,  actor,  limner,  or  sculptor,  and  even  of 
the  native  author,  inventor,  orator,  bishop  or  statesman,  until  by 
flattering  those  who  habitually  depreciate  his  country,  he  passes 
safely  the  ordeal  of  foreign  criticism,  and  so  commends  himself  to 
our  own  most  cautious  approbation.  How  do  we  not  consult  foreign 
mirrors,  for  our  very  virtues  and  vices,  not  less  than  for  our  fashions, 
and  think  ignorance,  bribery,  and  slavery,  quite  justified  at  home, 
if  they  can  be  matched  against  oppression,  pauperism  and  crime  in 
other  countries ! 

On  occasions  too,  we  are  bold  in  applauding  heroic  struggling  for 
freedom  abroad ;  and  we  certainly  have  hailed  with  enthusiasm  every 
republican  revolution  in  South  America,  in  France,  in  Poland,  in 
Germany  and  in  Hungary.  And  yet  how  does  not  our  sympathy 
rise  and  fall,  with  every  change  of  the  political  temperature  in 
Europe?  In  just  this  extent,  we  are  not  only  not  independent,  but 
we  are  actually  governed  by  the  monarchies  and  aristocracies  of  the 
Old  World. 

You  may  ask  impatiently,  if  I  require  the  American  citizen  to 
throw  off  all  submission  to  law,  all  deference  to  authority,  and  all 
respect  to  the  opinions  of  mankind,  and  that  the  American  Kepublic 
shall  constantly  wage  an  aggressive  war  against  all  foreign  systems? 
I  answer,  no.  There  is  here,  as  everywhere,  a  middle  and  a  safe 
way.  I  would  have  the  American  citizen  yield  always  a  cheerful 
acquiescence,  and  never  a  servile  adherence,  to  the  opinions  of  the 
majority  of  his  countrymen  and  of  mankind,  whether  they  be  en 
grossed  in  the  forms  of  law  or  not,  on  all  questions  involving  no 
moral  principle ;  and  even  in  regard  to  such  as  do  affect  the  con 
science,  I  would  have  him  avoid  not  only  faction,  but  even  the  ap 
pearance  of  it.  But  I  demand,  at  the  same  time,  that  he  shall  have 
his  own  matured  and  independent  convictions,  the  result  not  of  any 
authority,  domestic  or  foreign,  on  every  measure  of  public  policy, 
and  so,  that  while  always  temperate  and  courteous,  he  shall  always 
be  a  free  and  outspeaking  censor,  upon  not  only  opinions,  customs 
and  administration,  but  even  upon  laws  and  constitutions  themselves. 
What  I  thus  require  of  the  citizen,  I  insist,  also,  that  he  shall  allow 
to  every  one  of  his  fellow-citizens.  I  would  have  the  nation  also, 
though  moderate  and  pacific,  yet  always  frank,  decided  and  firm,  in 
bearing  its  testimony  against  error  and  oppression ;  and  while  ab- 


THE   TKUE   BASIS   OF   AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE.  153 

staining  from  forcible  intervention  in  foreign  disputes,  yet  always 
fearlessly  rendering  to  the  cause  of  republicanism  everywhere,  by 
influence  and  example,  all  the  aid  that  the  laws  of  nations  do  not 
peremptorily,  or,  in  their  true  spirit,  forbid. 

Do  I  propose  in  this  a  heretical,  or  even  a  new  standard  of  public 
or  private  duty  ?  All  agree  that  the  customary,  and  even  the  legal 
standards  in  other  countries  are  too  low.  Must  we  then  abide  by 
them  now  and  forever?  That  would  be  to  yield  our  independence, 
and  to  be  false  towards  mankind.  Who  will  maintain  that  the 
standard  established  at  any  one  time  by  a  majority  in  our  country  is 
infallible,  and  therefore  final?  If  it  be  so,  why  have  we  reserved, 
by  our  constitution,  freedom  of  speech,  of  the  press,  and  of  suffrage, 
to  reverse  it  ?  No,  we  may  change  everything,  first  complying,  how 
ever,  with  constitutional  conditions.  Storms  and  commotions  must 
indeed  be  avoided,  but  the  political  waters  must  nevertheless  be  agi 
tated  always,  or  they  will  stagnate.  Let  no  one  suppose  that  the 
human  mind  will  consent  to  rest  in  error.  It  vibrates,  however,  only 
that  it  may  settle  at  last  in  immutable  truth  and  justice.  Nor  need 
we  fear  that  we  shall  be  too  bold.  Conformity  is  always  easier  than 
contention ;  and  imitation  is  always  easier  than  innovation.  There 
are  many  who  delight  in  ease,  where  there  is  one  who  chooses,  and 
fearlessly  pursues,  the  path  of  heroic  duty. 

Moreover,  while  we  are  expecting  hopefully  to  see  foreign  customs 
and  institutions  brought,  by  the  influence  of  commerce,  into  confor 
mity  with  our  own,  it  is  quite  manifest  that  commerce  has  recipro 
cating  influences,  tending  to  demoralize  ourselves,  and  so  to  assimilate 
our  opinions,  manners  and  customs,  ultimately  to  those  of  aristocracy 
and  despotism.  We  cannot  afford  to  err  at  all  on  that  side.  We 
exist  as  a  free  people  only  by  force  of  our  very  peculiarities.  They 
are  the  legitimate  peculiarities  of  republicanism,  and,  as  such,  are 
the  test  of  nationality.  .^ 

Nationalij^J     It  is  as  just  as  it  is  popular.     Whatever  policy,  in-  <£/__ 
terest  ormstitutTon  is  local,  sectional,  oFToreign,  must  be  zealously 
watched  and  counteracted ;  for  it  tends  directly  to  social  derange 
ment,  and  so  to  the  subversion  of  our  democratic  constitution. 

But  it  is  seen  at  once  that  this  nationality  is  identical  with  that 
very  political  independence  which  results  from  a  high  tone  of  indi 
viduality  on  the  part  of  the  citizen.  Let  it  have  free  play,  then,  and 
so  let  every  citizen  value  himself  at  his  just  worth,  in  body  and  soul; 

VOL.  IV.  20 


154  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

namely,  not  as  a  serf  or  a  subject  of  any  human  authority,  or  the 
inferior  of  any  class,  however  great  or  wise,  but  as  a  freeman,  who 
is  so  because  "  Truth  has  made  him  free ;  "  who  not  only,  equally 
with  all  others,  rules  in  the  republic,  but  is  also  bound,  equally  with 
any  other,  to  exercise  designing  wisdom  and  executive  vigor  and 
efficiency  in  the  eternal  duty  of  saving  and  perfecting  the  state. 
When  this  nationality  shall  prevail,  we  shall  no  more  see  fashion, 
wealth,  social  rank,  political  combination,  or  even  official  proscrip 
tion,  effective  in  suppressing  the  utterance  of  mature  opinions  and 
true  convictions ;  and  so  enforcing  for  brief  periods,  with  long  reac 
tions,  political  conformity,  at  the  hazard  of  the  public  welfare,  and 
at  the  cost  of  the  public  virtue. 

Let  this  nationality  prevail,  and  then,  instead  of  keenly  watching, 
not  without  sinister  wishes,  for  war  or  famine,  the  fitful  skies,  or  the 
evermore  capricious  diplomacy  of  Europe;  and  instead  of  being 
hurried  into  unwise  commercial  expansion  by  the  rise  of  credit  there, 
and  then  back  again  into  exhausting  convulsions  and  bankruptcy  by 
its  fall,  we  shall  have  a  steady  and  a  prosperous,  because  it  will  be 
an  independent,  internal  commerce. 

Let  this  nationality  prevail,  and  then  we  shall  cease  to  undervalue 
our  own  farmers,  mechanics,  and  manufacturers,'  and  their  produc 
tions  ;  our  own  science,  and  literature,  and  inventions ;  our  own  ora 
tors  and  statesmen ;  in  short,  our  own  infinite  resources  and  all-com 
petent  skill,  our  own  virtue,  and  our  own  peculiar  and  justly  envied 
freedom. 

Then,  I  am  sure  that,  instead  of  perpetually  levying  large  and 
exhausting  armies,  like  Eussia,  and  without  wasting  wealth  in  emu 
lating  the  naval  power  of  England,  and  without  practising  a  servile 
conformity  to  the  diplomacy  of  courts,  and  without  captiously  seeking 
frivolous  occasions  for  making  the  world  sensible  of  our  importance, 
we  shall,  by  the  force  of  our  own  genius  and  virtue,  and  the  dignity 
of  freedom,  take,  with  the  free  consent  of  mankind,  the  first  place  in 
the  great  family  of  nations. 

Gentlemen  of  the  Institute:  From  the  earnestness  with  which  the 
theory  of  free  trade  is  perpetually  urged  in  some  quarters,  one  might 
suppose  that  it  was  thought  that  the  cardinal  interest  of  the  country 
lay  in  mere  exchanging  of  merchandise.     On  the  contrary,  of  the^ 
three  gr^nt.  wheg1«  <">f  "^manl  prosperity,  agriculture  is  the  main  one^ 
manufacture  second,  and  trade  is  the  last.     The  cardinal  interest  of 


THE  TRUE   BASIS   OF   AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE.  155 

this  and  every  country  is,  and  always  must  be,  production.  It  is  not 
traffic,  but  labor  alone,  that  converts  the  resources  of  the  country  into 
wealth.  The  world  has  yet  to  see  any  state  become  great  by  mere 
trade.  It  has  seen  many  become  so  by  the  exercise  of  industry. 

Where  there  are  rjjvprgjfiprl  rpsmirp.^  nr>4-  industry  is  applied  to 
^mly  a  few  staples,  three  great  interest  are  neglected,  viz.  :  natural 
resources^  which  are  left  unimproved ;  kbor^that  is  left  unemployed ; 
and  internal  exchanges,  which  a  diversity  of  industry  would  render 
necessary.  jTh^Eoreign  commerce,  which  is  based  on  such  a  narrow 
system  of  production,  obliges  the  nation  to  sell  its  staples  at  prices 
reduced  by  competition  in  foreign  markets ;  and  to  buy  fabrics  at 
prices  established  by  monopoly  in  the  same  markets.  ^ 

This  false  economy  crowds  the  culture  of  the  few  staples  with  ex 
cessive  industry ;  thus  rendering  labor  dependent  at  home,  while  it 
brings  the  whole  nation  tributary  to  the  monopolizing  manufacturer 
abroad.  When  all,  or  any  of  the  nations  of  Europe  shall,  as  well  as 
ourselves,  be  found  successfully  competing  with  England  in  manu 
factures,  then,  and  not  till  then,  will  the  free  trade  she  recommends, 
be  as  wise  for  others,  as  she  now  insists.  But,  when  that  time  shall 
come,  I  venture  to  predict  that  England  will  cease  to  inculcate  that 
dogma. 

The  importance  of  maintaining  such  a  policy  as  will  result  in  a 
diversified  application  of  industry,  seems  to  rest  on  these  impregnable 
grounds,  viz. :  1st.  That  the  use  of  indigenous  materials  does  not 
diminish,  but  on  the  contrary,  increases  the  public  wealth.  2d.  That 
society  is  constituted  so,  that  individuals  voluntarily  classify  them 
selves  in  all,  and  not  in  a  few,  departments  of  industry,  by  reason 
of  a  distributive  congeniality  of  tastes  and  adaptation  of  powers ;  and 
that  while  labor  so  distributed  is  more  profitable,  the  general  content 
ment  and  independence  of  the  people  is  secured,  and  preserved,  and 
their  enterprise  is  stimulated  and  sustained. 

I  thmk  it  must  be  confessed  now,  by  all  candid  observers  within 
our  country,  that  manufactures  have  become  in  a  degree  the  exclu 
sive  employment  of  the  citizens  of  the  Eastern  States ;  and  yet  they 
are  precarious,  and  comparatively  unprofitable,  because  our  own 
patronage,  so  generously  discriminating  in  favor  of  European  manu 
factures,  enables  them  to  make  the  desired  fabrics  sometimes  at  less 
cost :  that  the  citizens  of  the  Middle  and  Western  Stages,  are  con 
fined  chiefly  to  the  raising  of  staple  breadstuff's,  for  which,  while 


156  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

they  have  a  great  excess  above  the  home  consumption,  resulting 
from  the  neglect  of  domestic  manufactures,  they  find  a  market  almost 
overstocked  with  similar  productions,  raised  in  countries  as  peculiarly 
agricultural  as  our  own  ;  and  that  the  citizens  of  the  Southern  States 
restrict  themselves  chiefly  to  the  culture  of  cotton,  of  which,  practi 
cally,  they  have'  the  monopoly ;  that  the  annual  enlargement  of  the 
cotton  culture  tends  to  depress  its  price,  and  that  they  pay  more 
dearly  for  the  fabrics  which  they  use,  than  would  be  necessary  if  our 
own  manufactures  could  better  maintain  a  competition  with  those  of 
Europe. 

These  inconveniences  would  indeed  become  intolerable  evils,  if 
they  were  not  compensated  in  some  measure  by  the  great  increase  of 
wealth  resulting  from  the  immigration  of  foreign  labor ;  and  by  the 
establishment  of  a  new  and  prosperous  gold  trade  between  the  Atlan 
tic  States  and  California. 

Why  should  these  inconveniences  be  endured  ?  Certainly  not  be 
cause  we  do  not  know  that  they  are  unnecessary.  W^e  jealously 
guard  our  culture  of  breadstuffs  and  sugar  against  the  competition 
of  the  foreign  farmer  and  planter  in  our  own  markets.  Practically, 
our  gold  mining  is  equally  protected.  We  also  give  an  exclusive 
preference  in  our  internal  commerce  to  our  own  shipping.  No 
one  questions  the  advantages  derived  from  these  great  departments 
of  production.  But  it  is  not  easy  to  see  how  the  equally  success 
ful  opening  of  other  domestic  resources  should  not  be  equally  bene- 
>»  ficial. 

\y  .M  [     Why  should  it  be  less  profitable  to  supply  ourselves  with  copper, 
>     £  jp  iron,  glass  and  paper  from  our  own  resources,  and  by  our  own  in- 
\fi  A  lr^ustry'  t^ian  ^  *s  to  suPPty  ourselves  in  the  same  way  with  flour, 
e(\v»x\  suoar  and  gold?     Why  should  it  not  be  as  economical  to  manufac- 
*    F        ture  our  own  cotton,  wool,  iron  and  gold,  as  it  is  to  manufacture  our 
own  furniture,  wooden  clocks  and  ships?     If  mining  and  manufac 
tures  generally  were  not  profitable  in  England,  they  would  not  be 
f  prosecuted  there.     If  they  are  profitable  there,  they  would  be  profit- 
/   able  here.     You  reply  that  manufacturing  labor  is  cheaper  there. 
Yes,  because  you  leave  it  there.     If  you  offer  inducements,  it  will 
come  here  just  as  freely  as  agricultural  labor  now  comes.     The  ocean 
\    is  reduced  to  a  ferry.     If  you  must  depend  on  foreign  skill  for  fab- 
\   rics,  I  pray 'you  bring  that  skill  here,  where  you  can  sustain  it  with 
\  greater  economy. 


THE   TKUE   BASIS   OF   AMERICAN    INDEPENDENCE.  157 

The  advocates  of  dependence  on  foreign  manufactures  tell  us  that  it 
is  as  well  to  sell  gold  and  buy  iron,  as  it  would  be  to  sell  iron  to  buy 
gold.  I  reply,  1st.  That,  to  the  extent  of  our  necessary  consumption, 
having  exhaustless  resources  and  adequate  industry  or  ability  to 
procure  both,  we  ought  to  buy  neither.  2d.  When  Boulton,  the 
associate  of  the  great  Watt,  showed  his  iron  manufactory,  he  said, 
"I  sell  here  what  all  men  are  anxious  to  buy,  Power."  It  has  been 
proved  that  a  nation  may  sell  gold  for  iron  without  gaining  power, 
as  many  a  nation  has  bought  iron  without  securing  it.  But  it  is 
clear,  that  the  nation  that  makes  its  own  iron  creates  its  own  power. 

It  seems  to  be  understood  by  the  advocates  of  foreign  manufac 
tures  here,  that  only  those  branches  languish  which  have  not  suffi 
cient  vigor  to  be  brought  to  maturity,  by  never  so  much  protection. 
This  is  opposed  to  the  experience  of  all  mankind.  There  is  not,  in 
France  or  in  England,  a  successful  culture  or  manufacture  that  has 
not  been  made  so  by  the  application  of  national  protection  and 
patronage.  The  manufacturers  of  England  are  sustained,  even  now, 
by  the  sacrifice  of  agricultural  labor  there.  The  decline  of  agricul 
ture  is  proved  by  a  rapidly  increasing  emigration  from  the  British 
islands.  What  England  calls  free  trade  is,  indeed,  a  new  form  of 
protection,  but  it  is  protection,  nevertheless.  She  finds  it  equally 
effective  and  expensive.  British  commerce  and  British  manufactures" 
do  indeed  flourish,  but  British  empire  declines.  The  decline  is  seen 
in  the  tameness  of  England,  now,  toward  Russia,  France,  and  our 
own  country,  compared  with  the  different  attitude  she  maintained 
against  all  offending  powers  in  the  age  of  the  elder  Pitt  and  the 
younger  Pitt. 

It  is  insisted,  however,  that  encouragement  yielded  to  the  industry 
of  one  class  of  citizens  is  partial  and  injurious  to  that  of  others. 
This  cannot  be  in  any  just  sense  true,  since  the  prosperity  and  vigor 
of  t-ach  class  depend  in  a  great  degree  on  the  prosperity  and  vigor 
of  all  the  industrial  classes.  But  all  experience  shows,  that  if  govern 
ment  do  not  favor  domestic  enterprise,  its  negative  policy  will  benefit 
some  foreign  monopoly,  which,  of  all  class  legislation,  is  most  inju 
rious  and  least  excusable. 

Once  more,  it  is  said  that  the  present  system  must  be  right,  because 
predictions  of  disasters  that  should  result  from  it  have  been  falsified. 
I  do  not  dwell  on  the  signs  which  seem  now  to  portend  a  fearful 
fulfillment,  nevertheless,  of  those  predictions.  Let  it  suffice  to  say, 


158  OKATIOXS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

that  it  is  as  common  an  error  to  look  prematurely  for  the  blights 
which  must  follow  erroneous  culture,  as  it  is  to  expect  propitious 
fruits  from  that  which  is  judicious.  This  nation  Js  youthful  and, 
^vigorous.  It  cannot  now  suffer  long  and  deeply  from  any  cause,  for 
it  has  great  recuperative  energies.  It  is  not  destined  to  an  immedi 
ate  fall,  or  even  to  early  decline.  It  is  the  part  of  wisdom,  never 
theless,  not  to  try  how  much  of  erroneous  administration  it  can  bear, 
but  to  adapt  our  policy  always  so  as  to  favor  the  most  complete  and 
lasting  success  of  the  republic. 

Gentlemen  of  the  Institute:  I  refrain  from  discussingjjiejdetails 
of  a  protective  policy.  Circumstances  are  hastening  a  necessity  for 
an  examination  of  them,  in  another  place,  where  action  loTlows  de 
bate,  anc[  is  effective.  I  shall  not  be  absent  nor  idle  there.  But 
"TwITi  not  attempt  to  delude  either  myself  or  you  into  the  belief  that 
the  opinions  I  have  expressed,  which,  I  trust,  in  some  degree  corres 
pond  with  your  own,  will  soon  become  fully  engrafted  into  the 
policy  of  the  government.  I  shall  perform  my  duty  better  by  show 
ing  you  that  it  is  not  wise  to  expect,  nor  even  absolutely  necessary 
to  depend  on,  the  exercise  of  a  just  patronage  of  our  industry  by 
the  government. 

This  republic,  although  constituting  one  nation,  partakes  of  the 
form  of  a  confederation  of  many  states,  and,  for  the  purpose  of  secu 
ring  acquiescence,  allows  great  power  to  minorities.  Although  there 
is  no  real  antagonism  of  interests,  there  is,  nevertheless,  a  wide  diverg 
ence  of  opinion  concerning  those  interests,  resulting  from  the  differ 
ent  degrees  of  maturity  and  development  reached  in  the  several 
states.  Massachusetts  and  Virginia,  New  York  and  South  Carolina, 
scarcely  differ  in  their  ages ;  but,  nevertheless,  they  differ  in  their 
industrial  systems  as  widely  as  Pennsylvania  and  Arkansas.  The 
old  free  states  have  passed  through  the  stages  at  which  the  merely 
agricultural  and  planting  states  have  only  arrived.  It  would  practi 
cally  be  as  impossible  to  bring  these  latter  states  immediately  up 
to  our  proper  policy,  as  it  would  be  to  carry  us  backward  to  the 
system  which  they  are  pursuing.  They  will  resist  all  such  efforts, 
earnestly  and  perse veringly,  so  long  as  they  shall  feel  that  they  are 
unable,  like  us,  to  distribute  their  industry,  and  so  to  share  in  the 
benefits  of  that  policy.  All  that  we  can  expect,  under  such  circum 
stances,  from  the  government,  is  some  occasional  and  partial  modifi 
cation  of  its  financial  policy,  so  as  to  favor  the  success  of  the  efforts 


THE   TRUE   BASIS   OF   AMERICAN   INDEPENDENCE. 


159 


of  the  friends  of  home  industry  in  establishing  it  on  a  safe  basis, 
without  the  immediate  and  direct  aid  of  congress.  And  this  will  be 
sufficient.  It  is  not  yet  forty  years  since  New  York  applied  in  vain 
to  the  United  States  to  construct  the  Erie  canal,  which  was  acknow 
ledged  to  be  the  incipient  measure  in  a  system  of  internal  improve 
ments  to  be  coextensive  with  the  republic.  Now,  not  only  that  canal 
has  been  built,  but  the  whole  system  is  in  a  train  of  accomplishment, 
although  congress  has  not  only  never  adopted,  but  has  almost  con 
stantly  repudiated  it.  Private  and  corporate  enterprise,  sustained  by 
the  states,  has  worked  on t  wVmt,  t]ig_fWlp.rnl  government  has  refused 


to  undertake.  _  The  sai  __^ 

tern.  Capital,  labor,  science,  skill,  are  augmenting  hereL  Power"  is 
cfany  becoming  cheaper,  and  consumption  more  extensive.  New 
Hampshire,  Massachusetts,  Rhode  Island,  Connecticut,  Vermont, 
New  York,  Pennsylvania,  New  Jersey,  Delaware,  Maryland,  and 
Ohio,  have  become  manufacturing  states.  The  advantages  resulting 
from  the  policy  are  indicated,  not  more  by  the  universal  improve 
ment  of  the  agricultural  districts  in  these  states,  than  by  the  pros 
perity  and  growth  of  their  towns  and  cities.  Here  are  Boston, 
Lowell,  Lawrence,  Springfield,  Providence,  New  Haven,  Rutland, 
Bennington,  New  York,  Albany,  Troy,  Rochester  and  Buffalo,  Phila 
delphia  and  Pittsburgh,  Newark  and  Paterson,  Wilmington  and  Bal 
timore,  Cincinnati  and  Cleveland ;  contrast  with  them  the  towns  and 
cities  of  those  states  which  practically  adhere  to  the  policy  of  em 
ploying  foreign  industry,  and  you  see  plainly  the  results  of  that 
error.  This  contrast  excites  inquiry,  and  inquiry  will  go  on,  until 
it  shall  correct  the  great  mistake,  and  introduce  universal  emulation. 
Persevere,  then,  (yfntlprnpn.  pf  fi^^^^oiji^j-^-  for?  whileypu  are 
represented  as  hindering  the  prosperity  of  the  coun^^^mLand^ 
none  so  much  as  you,  are  Kecur^^^^^T^ide^^jt 

me,  you  are  regardeoas  favoring  privileges  anomonopoiies,  you 
and  none  so  much  as  you,  are  counteracting  pauperism  and  class 
legislation.  While  you  are  censured  for  opposing  the  interests  of 
commerce,  you,  and  none  so  much  as  you,  are  laying  sure  founda 
tions  for  a  commerce  that  shall  be  broad  as  the  limits  of  the  earth, 
and  lasting  as  the  necessities  and  the  enterprise  of  mankind.  While 
you  are  represented  as  checking  the  rising  greatness  of  the  nation, 
you,  and  only  you,  by  lifting  labor  to  its  rightful  rank,  are  elevating 
the  republic  to  true  and  lasting  independence. 


.          , 
\)^ 


THE   PHYSICAL,    MOKAL,   AND  INTELLECTUAL  DE 
VELOPMENT  OF  THE  AMEKICAN   PEOPLE.1 

A  POLITICAL  discourse  may  seem  out  of  time  and  out  of  place  at 
a  classic  festival  and  in  academic  groves.  Nevertheless,  the  office 
of  instructor  to  a  prince  brought  something  more  of  dignity  even  to 
the  learning  and  piety  of  Fenelon.  To  study  the  forces  and  ten 
dency  of  a  republic  which  is  not  obscure,  cannot,  therefore,  at  any 
time  or  in  any  place,  be  unbecoming  an  association  which  regards 
universal  philosophy  as  the  proper  guide  of  human  life. 

Nations  are  intelligent,  moral  persons,  existing  for  the  ends  of  their 
own  happiness  and  the  improvement  of  mankind.  They  grow, 
mature,  and  decline.  Their  physical  development,  being  most  obvi 
ous,  always  attracts  our  attention  first.  Certainly  we  cannot  too  well 
understand  the  material  condition  of  our  own  country.  "I  think," 
said  Burke,  sadly,  addressing  the  British  house  of  commons,  just 
after  the  American  war,  "  I  think  I  can  trace  all  the  calamities  of 
this  country  to  the  single  source  of  not  having  had  steadily  before 
our  eyes  a  general,  comprehensive,  well  connected,  and  well  propor 
tioned  view  of  the  whole  of  our  dominions,  and  a  just  sense  of  their 
bearings  and  relations." 

Trace  on  a  map  the  early  boundaries  of  the  United  States,  as  they 
were  defined  by  the  treaty  of  Versailles,  in  1783.  See  with  what 
jealousy  Great  Britain  abridged  their  enjoyment  of  the  fisheries  on 
the  northeast  coast,  and  how  tenaciously  she  locked  up  against  them 
the  St.  Lawrence,  the  only  possible  channel  between  their  inland 
regions  and  the  Atlantic  ocean.  Observe  how  Spain,  while  retaining 
the  vast  and  varied  solitudes  which  spread  out  westward  from  the 
Mississippi  river  to  the  Pacific  ocean,  at  the  same  time  assigned  the 
thirty-first  parallel  of  north  latitude  as  the  southern  boundary  of 
the  United  States,  and  thus  shut  them  out  from  access  by  that  river 
or  otherwise  to  the  gulf  of  Mexico.  See  now  how  the  massive  and 

1  An  Address  before  the  Phi  Beta  Kappa  Society  of  Yale  College :  New  Haven,  July  26, 1854. 


DEVELOPMENT   OF   THE   AMERICAN    PEOPLE.  161 

anpassable  Alleghany  mountains  traversed  the  new  republic  from 
north  to  south,  dividing  it  into  two  regions — the  inner  one  rich  in 
agricultural  resources,  but  without  markets  ;  and  the  outer  one 
adapted  to  defense  and  markets,  but  wanting  the  materials  for  com 
merce.  Were  not  the  Europeans  astute  in  thus  confining  the  United 
States  within  limits  which  would  probably  render  an  early  separa 
tion  of  them  inevitable,  and  would  also  prevent  equally  the  whole 
and  each  of  the  future  parts  from  ever  becoming  a  formidable  or 
even  a  really  independent  Atlantic  power  ?  They  had  cause  for  their 
jealousies.  They  were  monarchies,  and  they  largely  divided  the 
western  hemisphere  between  them.  The  United  States  aimed  to 
become  a  maritime  nation,  and  their  success  would  tend  to  make  that 
hemisphere  not  only  republican,  but  also  independent  of  Europe. 
That  success  was  foreseen.  A  British  statesman,  in  describing  the 
American  colonies  just  before  the  peace,  had  said  to  his  countrymen : 
"  Your  children  do  not  grow  faster  from  infancy  to  manhood  than 
they  spread  from  families  to  communities,  and  from  villages  to  na 
tions." 

The  United  States,  thus  confined  landward,  betook  themselves  to 
the  sea,  whose  broad  realm  lay  unappropriated;  and,  having  fur 
nished  themselves  with  shipping  and  seamen  equal  to  the  adventu 
rous  pursuit  of  the  whale  fishery  under  the  poles,  they  presented 
themselves  in  European  ports  as  a  maritime  people.  Afterwards, 
their  well-known  attitude  of  neutrality,  in  a  season  of  general  war, 
enabled  them  to  become  carriers  for  the  world.  But  they  never  for 
got,  for  a  moment,  the  importance  of  improving  their  position  on  the 
coast.  France  was  now  the  owner  of  the  province  of  Louisiana, 
which  stretched  all  along  the  western  bank  of  the  Mississippi.  She 
wisely  sold  a  possession,  which  she  was  unable  to  defend,  to  the 
United  States,  who  thus,  only  twenty  years  after  the  treaty  of  Ver 
sailles,  secured  the  exclusive  navigation  of  the  great  river;  and, 
descending  from  their  inland  frontier,  established  themselves  on  the 
coast  of  the  gulf  of  Mexico.  Spain  soon  saw  that  her  colonies  on  that 
coast,  east  of  the  Mississippi,  now  virtually  surrounded  by  the  United 
States,  were  thenceforward  untenable.  She,  therefore,  for  an  equiva 
lent,  ceded  the  Floridas,  and  retired  behind  the  Sabine ;  and  so  the 
seacoast  of  the  United  States  was  now  seen  to  begin  at  that  river, 
and,  passing  along  the  gulf  and  around  the  Pensacola,  and  beyond 
the  capes,  to  terminate  at  the  St.  Croix,  in  the  bay  of  Fundy. 

VOL  IV  21 


162  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

The  course  of  the  European  war  showed  that  Spain  was  exhausted. 
Nearly  all  her  American  colonies,  inspired  by  the  example  of  the 
United  States,  and  sustained  by  their  sympathy,  struck  for  indepen 
dence,  established  republican  systems,  and  entered  into  treaties  of 
amity  and  commerce  with  the  republic  of  the  north. 

But  the  United  States  yet  needed  a  northern  passage  fromtheir 
western  valleys  to  the  Atlantic  ocean.  The  new  channel  to  be  opened 
• — mtTsTnecessarily  have  connections,  natural  or  artificial,  with  the  inland 
rivers  and  lakes.  An  internal  trade,  ramifying  the  country,  was  a 
necessary  basis  for  commerce,  and  it  would  constitute  the  firmest 
possible  national  union.  Practically,  there  was,  in  the  country, 
neither  a  canal  to  serve  for  a  model  nor  an  engineer  competent  to 
project  one.  The  railroad  invention  had  not  yet  been  perfected  in 
Europe,  nor  even  conceived  in  the  United  States.  The  federal  gov 
ernment  alone  had  adequate  resources,  but,  after  long  consideration 
and  some  unprofitable  experiments,  it  not  only  disavowed  the  policy, 
but  also  disclaimed  the  power  of  making  internal  improvements. 
Private  capital  was  u  n  availablejor_£reat  national  ..enterprises^  The 
states  were  not  convinced  of  the  wisdom  of  undertaking,  singly, 
works  within  their  own  borders  which  would  be  wholly  or  in  part 
useless,  unless  extended  beyond  them  by  other  states,  and  which, 
even  although  they  should  be  useful  to  themselves,  would  be  equally 
or  more  beneficial  to  states  which  refused  or  neglected  to  join  in  their 
construction.  Moreover,  the  only  source  of  revenue  in  the  states 
was  direct  taxation — always  unreliable  in  a  popular  government — 
and  they  had  no  established  credits  at  home  or  abroad.  Neverthe 
less,  the  people  comprehended  the  exigency,  and  their  will  opened  a 
way  through  all  these  embarrassments.  The  state  of  New  York 
began,  and  she  has  hitherto,  although  sometimes  faltering,  prosecu 
ted  this  great  enterprise  with  unsurpassed  fidelity.  The  other  states, 
according  to  their  respective  abilities  and  convictions  of  interest  and 
duty,  have  cooperated.  By  canals  we  have  extended  the  navigation 
of  Chesapeake  bay  to  thecoa^nilds  of  Maryland  at  Cumberland, 
and  also,  by  the  way  of  Columbia,  to  the  coal  fields  of  Pennsylvania. 
By  canals  we  have  united  Chesapeake  bay  with  the  Delaware  river, 
and  have,  with  alternating  railroads,  connected  that  river  with  the 
Ohio  river  and  with  lake  Erie.  By  canals  we  have  opened  a  navi 
gation  between  Philadelphia  and  New  York,  mingling  the  waters  of 
the  Delaware  with  those  of  the  Earitan.  By  canals  we  have  given 


DEVELOPMENT   OF   THE   AMERICAN   PEOPLE.  163 

access  from  two  several  ports  on  the  Hudson  to  two  different  coal 
fields  in  Pennsylvania.  By  canals  we  have  also  extended  the  navi 
gation  of  the  Hudson,  through  lake  Champlain  and  its  outlet,  to  the 
St.  Lawrence  near  Montreal.  We  are  just  opening  a  channel  from 
the  Hudson  to  Cape  Vincent,  on  lake  Ontario,  near  its  eastern  termi 
nation,  while  we  long  since  have  opened  one  from  the  same  river  to 
a  central  harbor  on  that  lake  at  Oswego.  A  corresponding  improve 
ment,  made  by  the  Canadian  authorities  on  the  opposite  shore,  pro 
longs  our  navigation  from  lake  Ontario  to  lake  Erie.  We  have  also 
connected  the  Hudson  river  with  the  eastern  branch  of  the  Susque- 
hanna,  through  the  valley  of  the  Chenango,  and  again  with  its 
western  tributaries  through  the  Seneca  lake.  We  are  also  unit 
ing  the  Hudson  with  the  Alleghany,  a  tributary  of  the  Missis 
sippi,  through  the  valley  of  the  Genesee.  One  long  trunk  of  canal 
receives  the  trade  gathered  by  most  of  these  tributary  channels,  while 
it  directly  unites  the  Hudson  with  lake  Erie  at  Buffalo.  The  shores 
of  that  great  lake  are  the  basis  of  a  second  part  of  the  same  system. 
Canals  connect  the  Alleghany,  in  the  state  of  Pennsylvania,  with 
lake  Erie,  at  Erie ;  the  Ohio  river,  at  Portage  and  at  Cincinnati ;  with 
lake  Erie,  at  Cleveland  and  Toledo ;  and  again  the  Ohio  river,  in  the 
state  of  Indiana,  with  lake  Erie,  through  the  valley  of  the  Wabash. 
Lake  Superior,  hitherto  secluded  from  even  internal  commerce,  is 
now  being  connected  with  the  other  great  lakes  by  the  canal  of  the 
falls  of  St.  Marie;  and,  to  complete  the  whole,  the  Illinois  canal 
unites  the  lakes  and  all  the  extensive  system  I  have  described  with 
the  Mississippi.  Thus,  by  substituting  works  purely  artificial,  we 
have  not  only  dispensed  with  the  navigation  of  the  St.  Lawrence, 
but  have  also  opened  a  complete  circuit  of  inland  navigation  and 
traffic  between  New  Orleans,  on  the  gulf,  and  New  York,  Philadel 
phia,  and  Baltimore,  on  the  Atlantic.  The  aggregate  length  of  those 
canals  is  five  thousand  miles,  and  that  of  the  inland  coasts  thus 
washed  by  natural  and  artificial  channels  exceeds  twenty  thousand 
miles. 

Railroads  constitute  an  auxiliary  system  of  improj££mentsT 
more  complex  and  more  comprehensive.  By  railroads  we  have  con 
nected,  or  are  in  the  act  of  connecting  together,  all  the  principal  sea 
ports  on  the  Atlantic  coast  and  on  the  coasts  of  the  gulf  of  Mexico, 
namely,  Portland,  Boston,  New  York,  Philadelphia,  Baltimore,  Nor 
folk,  Charleston,  Mobile,  and  New  Orleans.  Again — railroads  from 


164  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

each  or  most  of  these  ports  proceed  inland  through  important  towns, 
to  great  depots  on  the  St.  Lawrence,  the  lakes,  the  Ohio,  and  the 
Mississippi,  namely,  Quebec,  Montreal,  Ogdensburgh,  Oswego,  Bo- 
chester,  Buffalo,  Erie,  Cleveland,  Sandusky,  Toledo,  Monroe,  Detroit, 
Chicago,  Pittsburgh,  Cincinnati,  Louisville,  St.  Louis,  Cairo,  and 
Memphis.  Again — there  are  tributaries  which  search  out  agricultu 
ral  and  mineral  productions  and  fabrics,  accumulated  at  less  notable 
points;  and  so  a  complete  system  is  perfected,  which  leaves  no  inha 
bited  region  unexplored,  while  it  has  for  its  base  the  long  line  of 
seaboard.  The  aggregate  length  of  these  railroads  is  sixteen  thou 
sand  miles,  and  the  total  cost  is  six  hundred  millions  of  dollars. 

Immediately  after  the  purchase  of  Louisiana,  President  Jefferson 
having  conceived  the  idea  of  a  national  establishment  on  the  Pacific 
coast,  an  exploration  of  the  intervening  wastes  was  made.  An 
American  navigator,  about  the  same  time,  visited  the  coast  itself, 
and  thus  laid  the  foundation  of  a  title  by  discovery.  A  commercial 
settlement,  afterwards  planted  on  the  Columbia  river  by  the  late 
John  Jacob  Astor,  perished  in  the  war  of  1812.  Ten  years  ago,  the 
great  thought  of  Pacific  colonization  revived,  under  the  influence 
of  the  commercial  activity  resulting  from  the  successful  progress  of 
the  system  of  internal  improvements.  Oregon  was  settled.  Two 
years  afterward,  its  boundaries  were  defined,  and  it  was  politically 
organized ;  and  now  it  constitutes  two  prosperous  territories. 

The  social,  military,  and  ecclesiastical  institutions  of  Mexico  proved 
unfavorable  to  an  immediate  success  of  the  republican  system.  Bev- 
olution  became  a  chronic  disease  there.  Texas  separated,  and  prac 
tically  became  independent,  although  Mexico  refused  to  recognize 
her  separation.  After  some  years,  Texas  was  admitted  as  a  state  into 
our  Federal  Union.  A  war  which  ensued  resulted,  not  only  in  the 
relinquishment  of  Mexican  claims  upon  rCj$as,  but  in  the  extension 
of  her  coast  frontier  to  the  Bio  Grande,  and  also  in  the  annexation 
of  New  Mexico  and  Upper  California  to  the  United  States. 

Thqq,  in  piKtiJ-fiye^yeftre  after  the  peace  of  Versailles,  the  United 
^States  advanced  from  the  ffiBaiaajppf^flTifl  occupied  a  line  stretching 
through  eighteen  degrees  of  latitude  on  the  Pacific  coast,  overlook 
ing  the  Sandwich  islands  and  Japan,  and  confronting  China  (the 
Cathay  for  which  Columbus  was  in  search  when  he  encountered  the 
bewildering  vision  of  San  Domingo).  The  new  possession  was  divi 
ded  into  two  territories  and  the  state  of  California.  The  simultane- 


DEVELOPMENT  OF  THE  AMERICAN  PEOPLE.        165 

ous  discovery  of  native  gold  in  the  sands  and  rocks  of  that  State 
resulted  in  the  instantaneous  establishment  of  an  active  commerce, 
not  only  with  our  Atlantic  cities,  but  also  with  the  ports  of  South 
America  and  with  the  maritime  countries  of  Europe,  with  the  Sand 
wich  Islands,  and  even  with  China.  Thus  the  United  States  ceased 
to  be  a  mere  Atlantic  nation,  and  assumed  the  attitude  of  a  great 
continental  power,  enjoying  ocean  navigation  on  either  side,  and 
bearing  equal  and  similar  relations  to  the  eastern  and  to  the  western 
coast  of  the  old  world.  The  national  connections  between  the  At 
lantic  and  Pacific  regions  are  yet  incomplete ;  but  the  same  spirit 
which  has  brought  them  into  political  union  is  at  work  still,  and  no 
matter  what  the  government  may  do  or  may  leave  undone,  the  neces 
sary  routes  of  commerce,  altogether  within  and  across  our  own 
domain,  will  be  yet  established. 

The  number  of  states  has  increased,  since  this  aggrandizement 
began,  from  seventeen  to  thirty-one ;  the  population  from  five  mil 
lions  to  twenty-four  millions;  the  tonnage  employed  in  commerce 
from  one  million  to  four  and  a  half  millions ;  and  the  national  reve 
nues  from  ten  millions  to  sixty  millions  of  dollars.  Within  that 
period,  Spain  has  retired  altogether  from  the  continent,  and  two  con 
siderable  islands  in  the  Antilles  are  all  that  remains  of  the  New 
World  which,  hardly  four  centuries  ago,  the  generous  and  pious 
Genoese  navigator,  under  the  patronage  of  Isabella,  gave  to  the 
kingdoms  of  Castile  and  Leon.  Great  Britain  tenders  us  now  the 
freedom  of  the  fisheries  and  of  the  St.  Lawrence,  on  conditions  of 
favor  to  the  commerce  of  her  colonies,  and  even  deliberates  on  the 
policy  of  releasing  them  from  their  allegiance.  The  influences  of 
the  United  States  on  the  American  continent  have  resulted  already 
in  the  establishment  of  the  republican  system  everywhere,  except  in 
Brazil,  and  even  there  in  limiting  imperial  power.  In  Europe  they 
have  awakened  a  war  of  opinion,  that,  after  spreading  desolation  into 
the  steppes  of  Eussia,  and  to  the  base  of  the  Carpathian  mountains, 
has  only  been  suppressed  for  a  time  by  combination  of  the  capital 
and  of  the  political  forces  of  that  continent.  In  Africa,  those  influ 
ences,  aided  by  the  benevolent  efforts  of  our  citizens,  have  produced 
the  establishment  of  a  republic,  which,  beginning  with  the  abolition 
of  the  traffic  in  slaves,  is  going  steadily  on  toward  the  moral  regen 
eration  of  its  savage  races.  In  the  Sandwich  Islands,  those  influences 
have  already  effected,  not  only  such  a  regeneration  of  the  natives, 


* 

/ 


166  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

but  also  a  political  organization,  which  is  bringing  that  important 
commercial  station  directly  under  our  protection.  Those  influences 
have  opened  the  ports  of  Japan,  and  secured  an  intercourse  of  com 
merce  and  friendship  with  its  extraordinary  people — numbering  forty 
millions — thus  overcoming  a  policy  of  isolation  which  they  had  prac 
tised  for  a  hundred  and  fifty  years.  The  same  influences  have  not 
only  procured  for  us  access  to  the  five  principal  ports  of  China,  but 
also  have  generated  a  revolution  there,  which  promises  to  bring  the 
three  hundred  millions  living  within  that  vast  empire  into  the  society 
of  the  western  nations. 

How  magnificent  is  the  scene  which  the  rising  curtain  discloses  to 
us  here !  and  how  sublime  the  pacific  part  assigned  to  us ! 

"  The  eastern  nations  sink,  their  glory  ends, 
And  empire  rises  where  the  sun  descends." 

But,  restraining  the  imagination  from  its  desire  to  follow  the  influ 
ences  of  the  United  States  in  their  future  progress  through  the  Ma 
nillas,  and  along  the  Indian  coast,  and  beyond  the  Persian  gulf,  to 
the  far-off  Mozambique,  let  us  dwell  for  a  moment  on  the  visible 
results  of  the  national  aggrandizement  at  home.  Wealth  has  every 
where  increased,  and  has  been  equalized  with  much  success  in  all  the 
states,  new  as  well  as  old.  Industry  has  persevered  in  opening  newly 
discovered  resources,  and  bringing  forth  their  treasures,  as  well  as  in 
the  establishment  of  the  productive  arts.  The  capitol,  which  at  first 
seemed  too  pretentious,  is  extending  itself  northward  and  southward 
upon  its  noble  terrace,  to  receive  the  representatives  of  new  incom 
ing  states.  The  departments  of  executive  administration  continually 
expand  under  their  lofty  arches  and  behind  their  lengthening  colon 
nades.  The  federal  city,  so  recently  ridiculed  for  its  ambitious  soli 
tudes,  is  extending  its  broad  avenues  in  all  directions,  and,  under  the 
hands  of  native  artists,  is  taking  on  the  graces,  as  well  as  the  fullness, 
of  a  capital.  Where  else  will  you  find  authority  so  august  as  in  a 
council  composed  of  the  representatives  of  thirty  states,  attended  by 
ambassadors  from  every  free  city,  every  republic,  and  every  court, 
in  the  civilized  world  ?  In  near  proximity,  and  in  intimate  connec 
tion  with  that  capital,  a  metropolis  has  arisen,  which  gathers,  by  the 
agency  of  canals,  of  railroads,  and  of  coastwise  navigation,  the  pro 
ducts  of  industry  in  every  form  throughout  the  North  American 
states,  as  wdl  those  under  foreign  jurisdiction  as  those  which  consti- 


DEVELOPMENT   OF  THE    AMEKICAN"   PEOPLE.  167 

tute  the  Union,  and  distributes  them  in  exchange  over  the  globe  —  a 
city  whose  wealth  and  credit  supply  or  procure  the  capital  employed 
in  all  the  great  financial  movements  within  the  republic,  and  whose 
press,  in  all  its  departments  of  science,  literature,  religion,  philan 
thropy,  and  politics,  is  a  national  one.  Thus,  expansion  and  aggran 
dizement,  whose  natural  tendency  is  to  produce  debility  and  dissolu 
tion,  have  operated  here  to  create,  what  before  was  wanting,  a  social, 
political,  and  commercial  centre. 

In  considering  the  causesof  this  material  pn-owt.l^  n.llowmiop,  n-mst. 
h^rrm^  ]ihp.rajjv  made,  for  great  advantages  of  space,  climate,  and 
resources,  as  well  as  for  the  weakness  of  rm+wnrrl  T-^m'stn.-qrif^  fr>r  the 
vices  of  foreign  governments,  and  for  the  disturbed  and  painful  con 
dition  of  society  under  them  —  causes  which  have  created  and  sus 
tained  a  tide  of  emigration  towards  the  United  States  unparalleled, 
at  least  in  modern  times.  But  when  all  this  allowance  shall  have 


been  made,  we  shall  still  find  thatj'h^  phpn^m^^aJ^^iurfly  dn^  to 
the  operation  here  of  some  great  ideas,  either  unknown  before,  or 
not  before  rendered  so  effective.  These  ideas  are,  first,  the  ec^ialhy 
of  men  in  a  state,  that  is  to  say,  the  equality  of  men  constituting  a 
state  ;  seconaIyT*the  equality  of  states  in  a  combination,  or,  in  other 

,  .  *^  ^^^-~-2-^---^~i^2^---aP--*-~V|-^      ' 

words,  the  equality  or  states  constituting  a  nation.  I3y  the  consti 
tution  of  every  state  in  the  American  Union,  each  citizen  is  guaran 
teed  his  natural  rights  of  life,  liberty,  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness; 
and  he,  at  the  same  time,  is  guaranteed  a  share  of  the  sovereign 
power,  equal  to  that  which  can  be  assumed  by  any  other  citizen. 
This  is  the  equality  of  men  in  the  state.  By  the  constitution  of  the 
United  States,  there  are  no  subjects.  Every  citizen  of  any  one  state 
is  a  free  and  equal  citizen  of  the  United  States.  Again,  by  the  con 
stitution  of  the  United  States,  there  are  no  permanent  provinces,  or 
dependencies.  The  Union  is  constituted  by  states,  and  all  of  them 
stand  upon  the  same  level  of  political  rights.  This  is  the  equality 
of  states  in  the  nation. 

The  reduction  of  the  two  abstractions  which  I  have  mentioned  into 
the  concrete,  in  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  was,  like  most 
other  inventions,  mainly  due  to  accident.  There  were  thirteen  sev 
eral  states,  in  each  of  which,  owing  to  fortunate  circumstances  attend 
ing  their  original  colonization,  each  citizen  was  not  only  free,  but 
also  practically  equal,  in  his  exercise  of  political  power,  to  every 
other  citizen  of  that  state.  The  freedom  and  equality  of  the  citizen, 


168  ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 

and  the  inalienability  of  his  natural  rights,  were  solemnly  reaffirmed 
in  the  Declaration  of  Independence.  These  thirteen  states  were  sev 
erally  free  and  independent  of  each  other.  They,  therefore,  were 
equal  states.  Each  was  a  sovereign.  They  needed  free  and  mutual 
commerce  among  themselves,  and  some  regulations  for  securing  to 
each  equal  facilities  of  commerce  with  foreign  countries.  A  union 
was  necessary  to  the  attainment  of  these  ends.  But  the  citizens  of 
each  state  were  unwilling  to  surrender  either  their  natural  and  ina 
lienable  rights,  or  the  guardianship  of  them,  to  a  common  government 
over  them  all,  even  to  attain  the  union  which  they  needed  so  much. 
So  a  federal  central  government  was  established,  which  is  sovereign 
only  in  commerce  at  home  and  abroad,  and  in  the  necessary  commu 
nications  with  other  nations ;  that  is  to  say,  sovereign  only  in  regard 
to  the  mutual  internal  relations  of  the  states  themselves,  and  in  regard 
to  foreign  affairs.  In  this  government  the  states  are  practically  equal 
constituents,  although  the  equality  was  modified  by  some  limitations 
found  necessary  to  secure  the  assent  of  some  of  the  states.  The 
states  were  not  dissolved,  nor  disorganized,  but  they  remain  really 
states,  just  as  before,  existing  independently  of  each  other  and  of  the 
Union,  and  exercising  sovereignty  in  all  the  municipal  departments 
of  society.  The  citizen  of  each  state  also  retains  all  his  natural 
rights  equally  in  the  Union  and  in  the  state  to  which  he  belongs,  and 
the  United  States  are  constituted  by  the  whole  mass  of  such  citizens 
throughout  all  the  several  states.  There  was  an  unoccupied  common 
domain,  which  the  several  states  surrendered  to  the  federal  authori 
ties,  to  the  end  that  it  might  be  settled,  colonized,  and  divided  into 
other  states,  to  be  organized  and  to  become  members  of  the  Union 
on  an  equal  footing  with  the  original  states.  When  additions  to  this 
domain  were  made  from  foreign  countries,  the  same  principles  seemed 
to  be  the  only  ones  upon  which  the  government  could  be  extended 
over  them,  and  so,  with  some  qualifications  unimportant  on  the 
present  occasion,  they  became  universal  in  their  application. 

No  other  nation,  pursuing  a  career  of  aggrandizement,  has  adopted 
the  great  ideas  thus  developed  in  the  United  States.  The  Macedo 
nian  conquered  kingdoms  for  the  mere  gratification  of  conquest,  and 
they  threw  off  the  sway  he  established1  over  them  as  soon  as  the 
sword  dropped  from  his  hand.  The  Eomans  conquered,  because  the 
alien  was  a  barbarian  rival  and  enemy,  and  because  Eome  must  fill 
the  world  alone.  The  empire,  thus  extended,  fell  under  the  blows 


DEVELOPMENT   OF   THE   AMERICAN   PEOPLE.  169 

of  enemies,  subjugated  but  not  subdued,  as  soon  as  the  central  power 
bad  lost  its  vigor.  The  Ottoman,  although  he  conquered  with  the 
sword,  conciliated  the  subjected  tribes  by  admitting  them  to  the  rites 
of  a  new  and  attractive  religion.  The  religion,  however,  was  of  this 
world,  and  sensual,  and  therefore  it  debased  its  votaries.  France 
attempted  to  conquer  Europe  in  retaliation  for  wrongs  committed 
against  herself;  but  the  bow  broke  in  her  hands,  just  as  it  was  bent 
to  discharge  the  last  shaft.  Spain  has  planted  many  colonies  and 
conquered  many  states,  but  the  Castilian  was  proud  and  haughty ; 
he  enslaved  the  native  and  oppressed  the  Creole.  The  Czar  wins  his 
way  amid  kindred  races,  as  a  parent  extending  protection  in  the 
enjoyment  of  a  common  religion.  But  the  paternal  relation  in 
politics  is  a  fiction  of  despotism,  which  extinguishes  all  individual 
energy  and  all  social  ambition.  Great  Britain  has  been  distinguished 
from  all  these  vulgar  conquerors.  She  is  a  civilizer  and  a  mission 
ary.  She  has  planted  many  colonies  in  the  west,  and  conquered 
many  and  vast  countries  in  the  east,  and  has  carried  English  laws 
and  the  English  language  around  the  world.  But  Great  Britain  at 
home  is  an  aristocracy.  Her  colonies  can  neither  be  equal  to  her, 
nor  yet  independent.  Her  subjects  in  those  countries  may  be  free, 
but  they  cannot  be  Britons.  Consequently,  her  dependencies  are 
always  discontented,  and  insomuch  as  they  are  possessed  or  swayed 
by  freemen,  they  are  only  retained  in  their  connection  with  the 
British  throne  by  the  presence  of  military  and  naval  force.  You 
identify  an  American  state  or  colony  by  the  absence  of  the  federal 
power.  Everywhere,  on  the  contrary,  you  identify  a  British  colony, 
whether  in  British  America,  or  on  the  Pacific  coast,  or  on  its  islands, 
or  in  Bombay,  or  at  Saint  Helena,  or  at  Gibraltar,  or  on  the  Ionian 
isles,  by  the  music  of  the  imperial  drum-beat  and  the  frown  of  royal 
battlements.  Great  Britain  always  inspires  fear,  and  often  commands 
respect,  but  she  has  no  friends  in  the  wide  family  of  nations.  So  it 
has  happened,  that  heretofore  nations  have  either  repelled,  or 
exhausted,  or  disgusted  the  colonies  they  planted  and  the  countries 
they  conquered.  > 

The  United  States,  on  the  contrary,  expand,  not  by  force  of  arms1_  ^r 
but  by  attraction.     The  native  colonist  no  sooner  reaches  a  new  and 
distant  home,  whether  in  a  cleft  of  the  Rocky  mountains  or  on  the 
seashore,  than  he  proceeds  to  found  a  state,  in  which  his  natural  and 
inalienable  rights  shall  be  secure,  and  which  shall  become  an  equal 

VOL.  IV.  22 


170  OKATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

member  of  the  federal  union,  enjoying  its  protection,  and  sharing 
its  growing  greatness  and  renown.  Adjacent  states,  though  of  foreign 
habits,  religion  and  descent,  especially  if  they  are  defenceless,  look 
with  favor  upon  the  approach  of  a  power  that  will  leave  them  in  full 
enjoyment  of  the  rights  of  nature,  and  at  the  same  time  that  it  may 
absorb  them,  will  spare  their  corporate  existence  and  individuality. 
The  attraction  increases  as  commerce  widens  the  circle  of  the  national 
influence. 

If  these  positions  seern  to  require  qualification  at  all,  the  very 
modifications  -will,  nevertheless,  serve  to  illustrate  and  sustain  the 
general  principles  involved.  The  people  of  Mexico  resist  annexa 
tion  because  they  fear  it  would  result  in  their  being  outnumbered  by 
Americans,  and  so  lead  to  the  restoration  of  African  slavery,  which 
they  have  abolished.  The  natives  of  the  Sandwich  Islands  take 
alarm  lest  by  annexation  they  may  themselves  be  reduced  to  slavery 
The  people  of  the  Canadas  hesitate  because  they  disapprove  the 
modification  of  the  principles  of  equality  of  men  and  of  states  in 
favor  of  slaveholding  states,  which  were  admitted  in  the  federal  con 
stitution. 

What  is  the  moral  to  be  drawn  from  the  physical  progress  of  the 

UniterTStates  ?     it  is,  that  the  strongest  bonds  of  cohesion  in  society 
"" —   J^  "tt&&^&'  ~~2-^%~~-r~tt~~*^ — »^3&--^-» — i^~^~J 
are  commerce  ana  gratitude  for  urofecteu  ireeaom. 

/^<<Z'-Z.*-'Z^'*1^--2^---3^--^J'T*^-^-^ ^---^--^' 

While  the  majestic  physical  progress  of  the  United  States  is  no 
longer  denied  as  a  fact,  it  is,  nevertheless,  too  generally  regarded  as 
purely  accidental,  and  likely  to  cease  through  a  want  of  correspond 
ing  intelligence  and  virtue.  The  principle  assumed  in  this  reasoning 
is  just.  A  nation  deficient  in  intelligence  and  virtue  is  an  ignoble 
one,  and  no  ignoble  race  can  enlarge  or  even  retain  empire.  But 
examination  will  show  that  the  facts  assumed  are  altogether  errone 
ous.  In  order  to  prove  that  we  are  deficient  in  intelligence,  the 
monuments  of  ancient  and  modern  nations,  all  of  whom  have  either 
completed  their  courses  or  passed  the  middle  point,  are  arrayed  be 
fore  us,  and  we  are  challenged  to  exhibit  similar  monuments  of  equal 
merit  on  the  part  of  the  United  States  ;  as  if  time  were  not  an  essen 
tial  condition  of  achievement,  and  as  if,  also,  circumstances  exert  no 
influence  in  directing  the  activity  of  nations.  It  is  true  that  we  can 
show  no  campaigns  equal  to  those  of  Caesar,  or  of  Frederick,  or  of 
Napoleon;  and  no  inspirations  of  the  divine  art  equal  to  the  Iliad, 
or  the  Eneid,  or  the  Inferno,  or  the  dramas  of  Shakspeare.  But  it 


DEVELOPMENT   OF   THE   AMEKICAN   PEOPLE.  171 

is  equally  true  that  neither  Greece,  nor  Eome,  nor  France,  nor  Eng 
land,  has  erected  a  tower  as  high  as  Babel,  or  a  mausoleum  so  mas 
sive  as  the  grand  pyramid. 

Eeasoning  a  priori,  it  is  manifest,  that  insomuch  as  the  physical 
progress  of  the  United  States  has  been  unprecedented  while  it  has 
followed  a  method,  and  insomuch  as  this  progress  has  been  conducted 
with  magnanimity  through  many  temptations  and  embarrassments, 
it  is  of  itself  no  unworthy  monument  of  national  intelligence. 

The  constitutions  (of  the  states  and  of  t,V>p.  JTnion^  n.rp.  confessedly 
unsurpassed.  Grant,  as  is  true,  that  all  the  great  political  ideas 
which  are  embodied  in  them,  were  before  known ;  grant,  moreover, 
that  a  favorable  conjuncture  for  reducing  those  abstractions  to  the 
concrete  had  come ;  grant,  also,  that  favorable  conditions  of  nature 
and  human  society  concurred  :  nevertheless,  even  then  I  may  ask, 
was  ever  higher  genius,  or  greater  talent,  displayed,  in  conducting 
the  affairs  of  men,  than  were  exercised  first  in  framing  the  many 
peculiar  and  delicate  parts  of  that  system  of  government,  with  pro-  ^ 
portions  so  accurate  that  each  might  bear  the  very  tension  and  pres 
sure  to  which  it  was  to  be  exposed,  and  then  in  bringing  all  those 
parts  together,  and  forging  them  into  one  great  machine  with  such 
wonderful  skill,  that  at  the  very  first  touch  of  the  propelling  popu 
lar  spring,  it  went  at  once  into  full  and  perfect  operation,  and  has 
continued  its  movements  for  seventy  years^  in  prosperity  as  well  as 
in  adversity,  amid  the  factions  generated  by  a  long  peace,  and  the  dis 
turbances  of  war,  not  only  without  interruption  or  irregularity,  but 
even  without  a  jar.  Consider  the  sagacity  of  the  people  that,  amid 
the  clouds  of  jealousy  and  the  storms  of  passion,  raised  by  heated 
partisans,  deliberately  examined,  and  resolutely  adopted,  that  won 
derful  yet  untried  mechanism,  so  well  contrived  for  their  use.  and 
decided  that  it  should  not  merely  have  a  trial,  but  should  stand  for 
ever,  the  only  government  of  themselves  and  of  their  posterity. 
Consider,  that  not  only  was  this  vast  engine  set  in  motion  by  the 
voluntary  act  of  the  people,  but  it  has  also  been  kept  in  motion  by 
their  own  perpetually  renewed  consent  and  direct  activity  ;  and  that, 
although  like  every  other  combination  of  forces,  it  has  its  dead  points, 
yet  it  passes  through  them  with  perfect  regularity,  and  without  even 
any  sensible  diminution  of  motion,  owing  to  the  watchful  perform 
ance  by  the  people  at  critical  moments,  of  the  functions  devolved 
upon  them.  Consider  how  many  and  various  are  the  human  wills, 


172  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

which  meet  and  concur,  every  time  a  fresh  impulse  is  given  to  the 
great  mechanism.  A  majority  of  the  states,  neglecting  or  refusing 
to  act  on  any  such  occasion,  could  bring  the  government  to  a  dead 
stand.  Consider  that  the  people  not  only  interfere  on  such  critical 
occasions,  but  also  that  they  are  continually  supplying  the  necessary 
force  to  sustain  the  movements  of  the  subordinate  parts  of  the  machine. 
There  are  two  and  a  half  millions  of  electors,  and  every  one  of 
these  is  charged  with  the  performance,  for  the  most  part  annually, 
of  four  classes  of  functions,  in  as  many  distinct  spheres.  Once, 
generally  in  each  year,  the  electors  choose  a  mayor  or  supervisor, 
aldermen  or  trustees,  or  selectmen,  justices  of  the  peace,  police 
officers,  clerks,  assessors  of  taxes,  commissioners  of  public  charities, 
commissioners  of  streets,  roads  and  bridges,  and  subalterns,  or  other 
officers  of  the  militia,  in  their  respective  cities,  towns,  or  other 
forms  of  municipalities.  Again,  the  electors,  generally  once  in  each 
year,  choose  officers  nearly  as  numerous,  and  of  a  higher  grade,  to 
execute  judicial,  ministerial,  and  fiscal  powers  of  a  similar  nature, 
within  the  counties,  which  embrace  several  cities,  towns  and  muni 
cipalities.  Again,  they  elect  governors,  lieutenant-governors,  sena 
tors  and  representatives,  judges,  treasurers  and  mini3ters  of  finance, 
of  education,  of  public  works  and  of  charities,  in  the  states  constitu 
ted  by  such  counties,  states  sovereign  in  all  things,  except  the  few 
departments  they  have  voluntarily  assigned  to  the  Federal  Union. 
Once  more,  the  citizens  choose,  once  in  two  years,  representatives, 
and  once  in  three  years,  senators,  who  exercise  the  legislative  powers 
of  the  republic;  and  once  in  four  years,  the  vice-president  and  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States,  its  chief  executive  magistrates.  The 
peace,  order,  prosperity,  and  happiness,  and  even  the  safety  of  society, 
rest  manifestly  on  the  soundness  of  judgment  with  which  these  many 
and  various  electoral  trusts  are  discharged.  Reflect,  now,  for  a 
moment,  on  the  perturbations  of  society,  the  devices  and  combina 
tions  of  parties,  and  the  appliances  of  corruption,  to  which  the 
electoral  body  is  at  all  times  exposed.  Could  these  functions  be 
performed  with  results  so  generally  auspicious  if  the  people  of  the 
United  States  did  not,  as  a  mass,  excel  other  nations  in  intelligence, 
as  much  as  in  the  good  fortune  of  inheriting  such  extraordinary 
institutions? 

Look  at  the  operation  of  this  system  in  yet  another  aspect.     ^o_t 
onlv  the  constitutions  of  the  several  states,  but  even  the  constitution 


DEVELOPMENT    OF    THE    AMERICAN    PEOPLE.  173 

of  the  Union,  stands  only  by  the  voluntary  consent  of  the  peopi 
Kypbysical  -  force,  whicJ^J^ieffovernrnent  could  not  suppress,  they 
could  suDv^rT'anyor  all  of  th^consStuSon&jSve^wrffiouTloj^, 
^noactingoniy  by  CL^GemerK^m^m^mornuiy  to  certain  established 
conditions,  they  can  change  or  subvert  all  these  constitutions.  There 
is  indeed  no  restraining  power  acting  upon  them,  from  within  or 
from  without.  Practically,  they  do  change  the  constitutions  of  the 
several  states  once  in  twenty  years.  Yet  they  work  such  changes 
generally  without  commotion,  and  they  have  never  made  one  with 
out  replacing  the  constitution  removed  by  a  better  one.  A  few  of 
the  states  inherited  the  jurisprudence  of  the  civil  law,  and  all  the 
others  the  common  and  statute  laws  of  England.  Does  any  one 
deny  that  they  have  sagaciously  retained  all  the  parts  of  those 
excellent  codes  which  are  essential  to  order  and  civil  liberty,  and 
have  modified  others  only  so  far  as  was  required  by  the  changing 
circumstances  of  society  and  the  ever-unfolding  sentiments  of  justice 
and  humanity  ?  Let  OUT  logical  amendments  of  the  rules  of  evi 
dence,  and  our  simple  processes  of  pleading  and  practice  in  courts 
of  justice  and  our  meliorations  of  imprisonment  for  debt,  and  of 
eleemosynary  laws,  and  of  penitentiary  systems,  vindicate  the  intel* 
lectual  vigor  and  wisdom  of  the  American  people. 

Modern  invention,  until  the  close  of  the  last  century,  was  chiefly 
employed  in  discovering  new  laws  of  nature,  and  in  shaping  those 
discoveries  into  the  forms  of  theories  and  maxims.  Thus  far,  in  the 
present  century,  invention  has  employed  itself  in  applying  those 
theories  and  maxims,  by  various  devices  of  mechanism,  or  otherwise, 
to  practical  use.  In  Europe,  those  devices  are  chiefly  such  as  regard 
festhefrc  effect.  In  America,  on  the  other  hand,  those  devices  are 
such  as  have  for  their  object  the  increase  of  power.  Required  to 
subdue  nature  through  a  broad  range  quickly,  and  to  bring  forth  her 
various  resources  with  haste,  and  yet  having  numbers  inadequate 
and  capital  quite  unequal  to  such  labors,  the  American  studies  chiefly 
economy  and  efficiency.  He  has  examined  every  instrument,  and 
engine,  and  combination,  and  composition,  received  from  his  elder 
trans-atlantic  brother,  in  the  light  of  those  objects,  and  has  either 
improved  it,  or  devised  a  new  and  better  one.  He  aims  at  doing  the 
most  that  is  possible  as  quickly  as  possible ;  and  this  characteristic 
is  manifested  equally  in  his  weapons  of  war  and  in  his  instruments 
of  peace,  whether  they  are  to  be  used  in  the  field,  or  in  the  work- 


174  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

shop,  on  the  land,  or  on  the  sea,  the  fire-arm,  the  ax,  the  plow,  the 
railroad,  the  clipper-ship,  the  steam-engine  and  the  printing-press. 
His  railroads  cost  less  and  are  less  perfect  than  those  in  other  coun 
tries,  but  he  builds  ten  miles  where  they  build  only  three.  He 
moves  passengers  and  freights  on  such- roads  and  in  his  ships  with 
less  safety,  but  with  greater  cheapness  and  velocity.  He  prepares 
his  newspapers,  his  magazines,  and  his  treatises,  with  less  care,  but 
he  prints  a  hundred  for  one.  If  the  European  has  foiled  to  give 
him  necessary  principle,  or  to  embody  it  in  a  practical  machine,  he 
finds  out  the  one,  or  constructs  the  other  promptly  for  himself.  He 
wanted  machines  for  working  up  his  forests,  and  he  invented  the 
saw-gang,  and  the  grooving  and  planing  machines;  for  cleaning 
his  cotton,  and  he  invented  the  gin;  for  harvesting  his  wheat,  and 
he  invented  the  reaper.  He  needed  mechanical  force  to  navigate  his 
long  rivers  and  broad  lakes,  and  he  converted  the  steam  engine  into 
a  marine  power.  He  needed  dispatch  in  communicating  intelligence, 
and  he  placed  his  lightning-rod  horizontally,  and  beating  it  into  a 
wire,  converted  it  into  a  writing  telegraph. 

Fifty  years  ago  there  was  no  American  science  and  no  American 
literature.  Now  there  is  an  American  tenancy  in  every  intellectual 
department,  and  none  acknowledge  its  presence  and  usefulness  more 
freely  than  those  whose  fame  has  least  to  fear  from  competition. 

It  seems  to  me  that  this  intellectual  development  of  the  United 
States  is  due  chiefly  to  the  adoption  of  the  great  idea  of  universal 
emulation.  Our  constitutions  and  laws  open  every  department  of 
human  enterprise  and  ambition  to  all  citizens  without  respect  to 
birth,  or  class,  or  condition,  and  steadily  though  cautiously  exert  a 
power  quite  effective  in  preventing  any  accidental  social  inequality 
from  becoming  fixed  and  permanent. 

There  still  remains  the  question  whether  the  moral  development 
is  coordinate  with  those  of  physical  power  and  mind  in  the  United 
States.  A  republic  rnay  be  safe,  even  though  it  be  weak,  and  though 
it  be  in  a  considerable  degree  intellectually  inactive,  as  is  seen  in 
Switzerland ;  but  a  republic  cannot  exist  without  virtue. 

It  will  not  suffice  to  examine  the  question  through  the  lens  of  tra 
ditional  prejudice.  A  kind  of  reverence  is  paid  by  all  nations  to 
antiquity.  There  is  no  one  that  does  not  trace  its  lineage  from  the 
gods,  or  from  those  who  were  especially  favored  by  the  gods.  Every 
people  has  had  its  age  of  gold,  or  Augustan  age,  or  heroic  age — an 


DEVELOPMENT   OF   THE   AMEKICAN   PEOPLE.  175 

age,  alas!  forever  passed.  These  prejudices  are  not  altogether 
unwholesome.  Although  they  produce  a  conviction  of  declining 
virtue,  which  is  unfavorable  to  generous  emulation,  yet  a  people  at 
once  ignorant  and  irreverential  would  necessarily  become  licentious. 
Nevertheless,  such  prejudices  ought  to  be  modified.  It  is  untrue, 
that  in  the  period  of  a  nation's  rise  from  disorder  to  refinement,  it  is 
not  able  to  continually  surpass  itself.  We  see  the  present  plainly, 
distinctly,  with  all  its  coarse  outlines,  its  rough  inequalities,  its  dark 
blots,  and  its  glaring  deformities.  We  hear  all  its  tumultuous  sounds 
and  jarring  discords.  We  see  and  hear  the  past,  through  a  distance 
which  reduces  all  its  inequalities  to  a  plane,  mellows  all  its  shades 
into  a  pleasing  hue,  arid  subdues  even  its  hoarsest  voices  into  har 
mony.  In  our  own  case,  the  prej  udice  is  less  erroneous  than  in  most 
others.  The  revolutionary  age  was  truly  a  heroic  one.  Its  exigen 
cies  called  forth  the  genius  and  the  talents  and  the  virtues  of  society, 
and  they  ripened  amid  the  hardships  of  a  long  and  severe  trial.  But 
there  were  selfishness,  and  vice,  and  factions,  then,  as  now,  although 
comparatively  subdued  and  repressed.  You  have  only  to  consult 
impartial  history,  to  learn  that  neither  public  faith,  nor  public  loyalty, 
nor  private  virtue,  culminated  at  that  period  in  our  own  country,1 
while  a  mere  glance  at  the  literature,  or  at  the  stage,  or  at  the  poli 
tics,  of  any  European  country,  in  any  previous  age,  reveals  the  fact 
that  it  was  marked,  more  distinctly  than  the  present,  by  licentious 
morals  and  mean  ambition. 

Reasoning  d  priori  again,  as  we  did  in  another  case,  it  is  only  just 
to  infer  in  favor  of  the  United  States  an  improvement  of  morals  from 
their  established  progress  in  knowledge  and  power ;  otherwise,  the 
philosophy  of  society  is  misunderstood,  and  we  must  change  all  our 
courses,  and  henceforth  seek  safety  in  imbecility,  and  virtue  in  super 
stition  and  ignorance. 

What  shall  be  the  test  of  the  national  morals?  Shall  it  be  the 
eccentricity  of  crimes?  Certainly  not;  for  then  we  must  compare 
the  criminal  eccentricity  of  to-day  'with  that  of  yesterday.  The 
result  of  the  comparison  would  be  only  this,  that  the  crimes  of 
society  change  with  changing  circumstances. 

1  "I  ought  not  to  object  to  your  reverence  for  your  fathers,  as  you  call  them,  meaning,  I  pre 
sume,  the  government,  and  those  concerned  in  the  direction  of  public  affairs  ;  much  less  could  I 
be  displeased  at  your  numbering  me  among  them.  But,  to  tell  you  a  very  great  secret,  as  far  as 
I  am  capable  of  comparing  the  merits  of  different  periods,  I  have  no  reason  to  believe  that  we 
were  better  than  you  are.  We  had  as  many  poor  creatures  and  selfish  beings  in  proportion, 
among  us,  as  you  have  among  you  ;  nor  were  there  then  more  enlightened  men,  or  in  greater 
number  in  proportion,  than  there  are  now."— John  Adams's  Letter  to  Josiah  Quincy,  Feb.  9,1811. 


176  ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 

Loyalty  to  the  state  is  a  public  virtue.  Was  it  ever  deeper-toned 
or  more  universal  than  it  is  now  ?  I  know  there  are  ebullitions  of 
passion  and  discontent,  sometimes  breaking  out  into  disorder  and 
violence ;  but  was  faction  ever  more  effectually  disarmed  and  harm 
less  than  it  is  now  ?  There  is  a  loyalty  that  springs  from  the  affec 
tion  that  we  bear  to  our  native  soil.  This  we  have  as  strong  as  any 
people.  But  it  is  not  the  soil  alone,  nor  yet  the  soil  beneath  our  feet 
and  the  skies  over  our  heads,  that  constitute  our  country.  It  is  its 
freedom,  equality,  justice,  greatness  and  glory.  Who  among  us  is 
so  low  as  to  be  insensible  of  an  interest  in  them?  Four  hundred 
thousand  natives  of  other  lands  every  year  voluntarily  renounce 
their  own  sovereigns,  and  swear  fealty  to  our  own.  Who  has  ever 
known  an  American  to  transfer  his  allegiance  permanently  to  a  for 
eign  power  ? 

The  spirit  of  the  laws,  in  any  country,  is  a  true  index  to  the  morals 
of  the  people,  just  in  proportion  to  the  power  they  exercise  in  making 
them.  Who  complains,  here  or  elsewhere,  that  crime  or  immorality 
blots  our  statute-books  with  licentious  enactments  ? 

The  character  of  a  country's  magistrates,  legislators,  and  captains, 
chosen  by  a  people,  reflect  their  own.  It  is  true  that,  in  the  earnest 
canvassing  which  so  frequently  recurring  elections  require,  suspicion 
often  follows  the  magistrate,  and  scandal  follows  in  the  footsteps  of 
the  statesman.  Yet,  when  his  course  has  been  finished,  what  magis 
trate  has  left  a  name  tarnished  by  corruption,  or  what  statesman  has 
left  an  act  or  an  opinion  so  erroneous  that  decent  charity  cannot 
excuse,  though  it  may  disapprove  ?  What  chieftain  ever  tempered 
military  triumph  with  so  much  moderation  as  he  who,  when  he  had 
placed  our  standard  on  the  battlements  of  the  capital  of  Mexico,  not 
only  received  an  offer  of  supreme  authority  from  the  conquered 
nation,  but  declined  it? 

The  manners  of  a  nation  are  the  outward  form  of  its  inner  life. 
Where  is  woman  held  in  so  chivalrous  respect,  and  where  does  she 
deserve  that  eminence  better?  Where  is  property  more  safe,  com 
mercial  honor  better  sustained,  or  human  life  more  sacred? 

Moderation  is  a  virtue  in  private  and  in  public  life.  Has  not  the 
great  increase  of  private  wealth  manifested  itself  chiefly  in  widening 
the  circle  of  education  and  elevating  the  standard  of  popular  intelli 
gence?  With  forces  which,  if  combined  and  directed  by  ambition, 
would  subjugate  this  continent  at  once,  we  have  made  only  two  very 


DEVELOPMENT   OF   THE   AMERICAN   PEOPLE.  177 

short  wars — the  one  confessedly  a  war  of  defense,  and  the  other  ended 
by  paying  for  a  peace  and  for  a  domain  already  fully  conquered. 

Where  lies  the  secret  of  the  increase  of  virtue  whir,h  ^g  tl-mg  "h^n 
estabT?sired7'~ir think  it  will  be  found  in  the  entire  emancipation  of 
the  consciences  of  men  from  either  direct  or  indirect  control  by 
established  ecclesiastical  or  political  systems.  Religious  classes,  like 
political  parties,  have  been  left  to  compete  in  the  great  work  of  moral 
education,  and  to  entitle  themselves  to  the  confidence  and  affection 
of  society,  by  the  purity  of  their  faith  and  of  their  morals. 

I  am  well  aware  that  some,  who  may  be  willing  to  adopt  the  gene 
ral  conclusions  of  this  argument,  will  object  that  it  is  not  altogether 
sustained  by  the  action  of  the  government  itself,  however  true  it  may 
be  that  it  is  sustained  by  the  great  action  of  society.  I  cannot  enter 
a  field  where  truth  is  to  be  sought  among  the  disputations  of  passion 
and  prejudice.  I  may  say,  however,  in  reply,  first,  that  the  govern 
ments  of  the  United  States,  although  more  perfect  than  any  other, 
and  although  they  embrace  the  great  ideas  of  the  age  more  fully  than 
any  other,  are,  nevertheless,  like  all  other  governments,  founded  on 
compromises  of  some  abstract  truths  and  of  some  natural  rights. 

As  government  is  impressed  by  its  constitution,  so  it  must  neces 
sarily  act.  This  may  suffice  to  explain  the  phenomenon  complained 
of.  But  it  is  true,  also,  that  no  government  ever  did  altogether  act 
out,  purely  and  for  a  long  period,  all  the  virtues  of  its  original  consti 
tution.  Hence  it  is,  that  we  are  so  well  told  by  Bolingbroke,  that 
every  nation  must  perpetually  renew  its  constitution  or  perish. 
Hence,  moreover,  it  is  a  great  excellence  of  our  system  that  sove 
reignty  resides,  not  in  congress  and  the  president,  nor  yet  in  the 
governments  of  the  states,  but  in  the  people  of  the  United  States. 
If  the  sovereign  be  just  and  firm  and  uncorrupted,  the  governments 
can  always  be  brought  back  from  any  aberrations,  and  even  the  con 
stitutions  themselves,  if  in  any  degree  imperfect,  can  be  amended. 
This  great  idea  of  the  sovereignty  of  the  people  over  their  govern 
ernment  glimmers  in  the  British  system,  while  it  fills  our  own  with 
a  broad  and  glowing  light. 

"  Let  not  your  king  and  parliament  in  one, 
Much  less  apart,  mistake  themselves  for  that 
Which  is  most  worthy  to  be  thought  upon, 
Nor  think  they  are  essentially  the  STATE. 
Let  them  not  fancy  that  the  authority 

VOL  IV  23 


178  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 


And  privileges  on  them 

Conferr'd,  are  to  set  up  a  majesty,    . 

Or  a  power  or  a  glory  of  their  own  ; 

But  let  them  know  it  was  for  a  deeper  life 

Which  they  but  represent  ; 

That  there's  on  earth  a  yet  auguster  thing, 

Veil'd  though  it  be,  than  parliament  or  king." 

Gentlemen,  you  are  devoted  to  the  pursuit  of  knowledge  in  order 
that  you  may  impart  it  to  the  state.  What  Fenelon  was  to  France, 
you  may  be  to  your  country.  Before  you  teach,  let  me  enjoin  upon  you 
to  study  well  the  capacity  and  the  disposition  of  the  American  peo 
ple.  I  have  tried  to  prove  to  you  only  that,  while  they  inherit  the 
imperfections  of  humanity,  they  are  yet  youthful,  apt,  vigorous,  and 
virtuous,  and,  therefore,  that  they  are  worthy,  and  will  make  noble 
uses  of  your  best  instructions. 


THE  PILGRIMS  AND  LIBERTY.1 

SOCIETY  and  government  are  mutually  related  and  inseparable. 
The  material,  intellectual,  moral  and  spiritual  conditions  of  every 
people,  determine,  through  either  a  direct  exercise  of  their  will  or 
their  passive  consent,  the  nature  and  form  of  their  government. 
Reasoning  from  the  attributes  of  the  Creator  and  from  the  constitu 
tion  of  man,  we  justly  conclude  that  a  high  stage  of  social  happiness 
is  attainable,  and  that  beneficent  government  is  therefore  ultimately 
possible.  Any  different  theory  makes  the  hopes  which  sustain  virtue 
delusive,  and  the  Deity,  who  inspires  them,  a  demon,  equally  to  be 
feared  and  hated.  Experience,  however,  teaches  us  that  the  advances 
of  mankind  toward  such  happiness  and  government  are  very  slow. 
Poetry,  indeed,  often  presents  to  us  pleasing  scenes  of  national 
felicity  ;  but  these  are  purely  imaginary,  while  history  is  an  almost 
unrelieved  narrative  of  political  crimes  and  public  dangers  and 
calamities. 

We  discover,  by  induction,  moral  laws  as  inflexible  as  the  material 
laws  of  the  universe.  We  know,  therefore,  that  the  tardiness  of 
political  progress  results  from  a  failure  thus  far  to  discover  or  apply 
those  moral  laws.  The  failure,  at  first  view,  excites  surprise.  Social 
melioration  is  apparently  an  object  of  general  and  intense  desire. 
Certainly,  the  arts  which  subserve  material  safety,  subsistence  and 
comfort,  have  been  eminently  improved.  We  construct  useful 
engines  recently  conceived ;  we  search  the  whole  surface  of  the 
round  earth  with  comparative  ease ;  we  know  the  appointed  courses 
and  seasons  of  worlds  which  we  can  scarcely  see.  It  is  doubtful 
whether  the  arts  of  architecture,  painting,  sculpture  and  poetry,  are 
susceptible  of  higher  perfection.  Why,  then,  does  political  science 
remain  obscure,  and  the  art  of  government  uncertain  and  perplexed. 

It  happens,  in  some  degree,  because  material  wants  have  hitherto 
exacted  excessive  care ;  in  some  degree,  because  the  advantages  which 

1  An  oration  at  Plymouth,  December  21, 1855. 


180  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

result  from  political  improvements  are  indirect  and  diffusive ;  but 
chiefly  because  the  science  is  in  its  nature  recondite,  and  the  art 
intrinsically  difficult. 

Metaphysics  is  a  science  confessedly  abstruse,  and  generally 
regarded  as  irksome  and  fruitless.  Lord  Bacon  so  pronounces,  and 
he  explains :  "  For  the  wit  and  mind  of  man,  if  it  work  upon  mat 
ter,  which  is  the  contemplation  of  the  creatures  of  God,  worketh 
according  to  the  stuff,  and  is  limited  thereby ;  but  if  it  work  upon 
itself,  as  the  spider  worketh  his  web,  then  it  is  endless,  and  brings 
forward,  indeed,  cobwebs  of  learning,  admirable  for  the  fineness  of 
thread  and  work,  but  of  no  substance  or  profit."  How  could  the 
study  of  groups  be  either  easier  or  more  satisfactory  than  that  of 
individual  man  ?  The  same  philosopher  confesses  that  "  government 
is  a  part  of  knowledge,  secret  and  retired." 

Consider  only  one  state.  Its  magnitude  is  immense,  its  outlines 
are  indistinct,  it  is  without  symmetry  of  parts ;  its  principles  and 
dispositions  are  a  confused  aggregate  of  the  imperfectly  understood 
principles  and  dispositions  of  many  thousands  or  even  many  millions 
of  men.  The  causes  which  have  chiefly  given  form  and  direction 
to  these  principles  and  dispositions  are  either  unknown  or  forgotten ; 
those  which  are  now  modifying  them  are  too  subtle  for  our  examina 
tion.  The  future  of  states  involves  further  conditions,  which  lie 
outside  of  the  range  of  human  foresight,  and  therefore  are  called 
accidents.  Human  life  is  short,  while  the  process  of  induction  in 
political  science  reaches  through  generations,  and  even  ages.  Phi 
losophers  seldom  enjoy  facilities  for  that  process.  Hence,  they 
"  make  imaginary  laws  for  imaginary  commonwealths,  and  their  dis 
courses  are  as  the  stars,  which  give  little  light,  because  they  are  so 
high."  Statesmen,  on  the  contrary,  "  write  according  to  the  states 
where  they  live,  what  is  received  law,  and  not  what  ought  to  be  law." 

A  constitutional  alteration  is  often  necessary  to  secure  a  desirable 
social  improvement ;  but  such  an  alteration  cannot  be  made  without 
a  previous  change  of  public  opinion  in  the  state,  and  even  of  opinion 
in  surrounding  states ;  for  nations  are  social  persons,  and  members 
of  a  universal  commonwealth.  Habit  resists  such  changes.  Timi 
dity,  though  looking  forward,  is  short-sighted ;  and  with  far-sighted 
veneration,  which  always  looks  backward,  opposes  such  changes. 
Laws,  however  erroneous,  or  however  arbitrarily  established,  acquire 
a  supposed  sanctity  from  the  ceremony  of  their  enactment,  and 


THE    PILGRIMS   AND   LIBERTY.  181 

derive  great  strength  from  protracted  acquiescence.  In  a  despotic 
state,  no  subject  can  move  changes.  In  a  free  one,  each  member 
may  oppose,  and  opponents  more  easily  combine  than  advocates. 
Ambition  is  the  ruling  passion  of  states.  It  is  blind  to  defects  and 
dangers,  while  hurrying  them  on  in  careers  of  aggression  and  aggran 
dizement.  The  personal  interests  and  ambitions  of  many  effective 
members  of  the  state  cling  to  its  institutions,  however  erroneous  or 
injurious,  and  protect  them  against  innovation.  Reform  can  only 
appeal  to  reason  and  conscience.  Conservatism  arouses  prejudice, 
cupidity  and  fear,  and  adroitly  excites  and  directs  hatred  against  the 
person  of  the  reformer.  Retaliation  too  naturally  follows ;  and  so 
the  controversy,  which  properly  ought  to  be  a  public  and  dispassionate 
one,  changes  imperceptibly  into  a  heated  conflict  of  factions.  Human 
ity  and  benevolence  are  developed  only  with  increasing  knowledge 
and  refinement.  Hence,  castes  and  classes  long  remain ;  and  these, 
although  all  equally  interested  in  a  proposed  melioration,  are,  by  an 
artful  direction  of  their  mutual  antipathies,  made  to  defeat  it  by  their 
implacable  contentions.  Material  interests  are  immediately  roused 
and  combined  in  opposition,  because  they  suffer  from  the  least  dis 
turbance.  The  benefits  of  a  social  change  are  more  distant,  and 
therefore  distrusted  and  undervalued.  The  law  of  progress  certainly 
does  not  require  changes  of  institutions  to  be  made  at  the  cost  of 
public  calamities,  or  even  of  great  private  inconveniences.  But 
that  law  is,  nevertheless,  inexorable.  A  necessary  reformation  will 
have  its  way,  peacefully  if  favored,  violently,  if  resisted.  In  this 
sense,  the  Founder  of  Christianity  confessed  that  he  had  come 
upon  the  earth  to  bring,  not  peace,  but  a  sword.  Revolutions  are 
not  divinely  appointed  attendants  of  progress,  nor  is  liberty  necessa 
rily  born  of  social  convulsion,  and  baptized  with  blood.  Revolu 
tions,  on  the  contrary,  are  the  natural  penalties  for  unwise  persistence 
in  error,  and  servile  acquiescence  in  injustice  and  oppression.  Such 
revolutions,  moreover,  are  of  doubtful  success.  Most  men  engage 
readily  enough  in  civil  wars,  and  for  a  flash  are  hot  and  active ;  but 
they  cool  from  natural  unsteadiness  of  temper,  and  abandon  their  ob 
jects,  and,  destitute  alike  of  principle,  honor  and  true  courage,  betray 
themselves,  their  associates,  and  even  their  cause,  however  just  and 
sacred.  Happily,  however,  martial  revolutions  do  not  always  fail.  In 
some  cases,  the  tempers  and  dispositions  of  the  nation  undergo  a  propi 
tious  change ;  it  becomes  generous,  brave  and  self-denying,  and  free- 


182  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

dom  consequently  gains  substantial  and  enduring  triumphs.  It  is  hard, 
in  such  cases,  to  separate  the  share  of  fortune  from  that  of  merit,  in 
analyzing  the  characters  of  heroes.  Nor  is  it  absolutely  necessary. 
The  martial  heroism  of  such  revolutions  is  wisely  honored,  even  with 
exaggeration,  because  such  honors  stimulate  a  virtuous  and  healthful 
emulation.  Mankind  seek  out  the  noblest  among  the  successful 
champions,  and  investing  him  with  imaginary  excellence  in  addition 
to  his  real  merit,  set  him  apart  as  an  object  of  universal  veneration 
to  the  world's  end.  We  recognize  such  impersonations  in  Tell  and 
Alfred,  in  Wallace  and  Washington. 

These  successful  martial  revolutions,  however,  only  consummate 
changes  which  were  long  before  projected  and  prepared  by  bold, 
thoughtful,  earnest  and  persevering  reformers.  There  is  justly  due, 
therefore,  to  these  reformers,  at  least  some  of  the  homage  which 
redeemed  nations  award  to  their  benefactors.  We  shall  increase  that 
tribute,  if  we  reflect  that  the  sagacity  which  detects  the  roots  and 
causes  from  which  national  calamities  and  thraldoms  spring,  and 
proceeds  calmly  to  remove  them,  and  to  avert  the  need  of  an  ulti 
mate  sanguinary  remedy,  or  prepare  that  remedy  so  that  it  shall  be 
effectual,  combines  the  merits  of  genius,  of  prudence  and  humanity, 
with  those  of  patriotism.  Our  admiration  of  these  reformers  will 
rise  still  higher  when  we  remember  that  they  always  are  eminently 
good  men,  denied  the  confidence  and  sympathies  of  the  country 
which  they  are  endeavoring  to  save.  They  are  necessarily  good 
men,  because  only  such  can  love  freedom  heartily. 

"  All  others  love,  not  freedom,  but  license,  which  never  hath  more  scope  or 
indulgence  than  under  tyrants.  Hence  it  is  that  tyrants  are  not  often  offended, 
nor  stand  much  in  doubt  of  bad  men.  as  being  all  naturally  servile ;  but  in  whom 
virtue  and  true  worth  most  is  eminent,  these  they  fear  in  earnest,  as  by  right  their 
masters.  Against  these  lie  all  their  hatred  and  suspicion.  Consequently,  neither 
do  bad  men  hate  tyrants,  but  have  been  always  readiest,  with  their  falsified  names 
of  loyalty  and  obedience,  to  color  over  their  base  compliances." 

The  devotion  of  these  real  authors  of  all  beneficent  revolutions  to 
the  melioration  of  human  society  is,  therefore,  the  most  perfect  and 
impressive  form  of  magnanimity. 

I  know  very  well  that  this  estimate  is  not  generally  allowed ;  nor 
is  the  injustice  of  the  case  peculiar.  It  occurs  in  all  other  depart 
ments  of  activity.  We  justly  honor  the  name  of  Watt,  who  applied 
the  ascertained  mechanical  power  of  steam  to  the  service  of  the  use- 


THE   PILGRIMS   AND   LIBERTY.  183 

fill  arts  of  social  life — and  the  memory  of  Fulton,  who  converted  the 
steam  engine  into  a  marine  power,  and  sent  it  abroad  on  all  lakes, 
rivers  and  oceans,  an  agent  of  commerce,  knowledge,  civilization  and 
freedom.  Yet  we  seldom  recall  the  previous  and  indispensable 
studies  of  the  Marquis  of  Worcester,  who  announced  his  invention 
of  the  steam  engine  itself  in  those  words,  as  full  of  piety  and  benevo 
lence  as  of  joy: 

"Thanks  to  G-od,  next  to  those  which  are  due  for  creation  and  redemption,  for 
having  vouchsafed  an  insight  into  so  great  a  secret  of  nature,  beneficial  to  all  man 
kind,  as  this  water-commanding  engine." 

We  cheerfully  accord  renown  to  Morse,  who  produced  the  electric 
telegraph ;  but  we  are  prone  to  forget  that  Franklin  discovered  the 
germ  of  that  great  invention,  JDV  boldly  questioning  the  awe-inspiring 
lightnings  in  their  native  skies. 

There  is  abundant  excuse  for  the  popular  neglect  of  peaceful  social 
reformers.  Either  they  are  engaged  in  apparently  idle  and  visionary 
speculations,  or  else  occupied  in  what  seems  even  more  absurd,  an 
obstinate  contention  with  the  prevailing  political  philosophy  of  their 
age.  Those  speculations  assume  the  consistency  of  science — that 
contention,  the  dignity  of  knowledge — only  when,  in  some  later  age, 
the  principles  they  announced  have  been  established.  In  the  mean 
time,  they  pass  for  malcontents  and  fanatics.  The  rude  taste  of 
society  generally  delights  in  themes  and  characters  which  are  sound 
ing,  marvelous,  and  magnificent ;  and  prefers  the  march,  the  camp, 
the  siege,  the  surprise,  the  sortie,  the  charge,  the  battle,  with  its 
quickly  vibrating  fortunes — the  victory,  the  agonies  of  the  night 
which  follows  it,  and  the  pomp  amcl  revelry  of  the  day  which  ban 
ishes  the  complaining  memories  of  that  fearful  night — to  the  humani 
tarian's  placid  studies,  or  the  bewildering  debates  of  polemic  politics. 

Excusable,  however,  as  the  injustice  is,  which  I  have  described,  it 
is,  nevertheless,  unwise  and  injurious.  It  discourages  necessary, 
noble  and  generous  efforts,  and  is  chief  among  the  bulwarks  of  super 
stition  and  despotism.  The  energies  of  men  can  never  remain  sta 
tionary.  A  nation  that  will  not  tolerate  the  activity  of  intellectual 
energy  in  the  pursuit  of  political  truth,  must  expect  the  study  of  that 
truth  to  cease.  A  nation  that  has  ceased  to  produce  original  and 
inventive  minds,  restless  in  advancing  the  landmarks  of  knowledge 
and  freedom,  from  that  moment  has  begun  to  recede  towards  igno- 


184  OKATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 

ranee  and  slavery.     Every  stage  backwards  renders  its  return  more 
hopeless. 

I  am  sure  that  this  great  error  will  not  last  always,  and  yet  I  do 
not  think  it  is  near  its  end.  How  long  it  shall  endure,  is  known 
only  to  Him  who,  although  He  commands  us  to  sow  and  to  plant 
with  undoubting  faith  that  we  shall  reap  and  gather  the  fruits  of  our 
culture,  reserves  to  Himself,  nevertheless,  not  only  the  control,  but 
even  the  knowledge,  of  the  forthcoming  seasons. 

It  is  because  I  am  unwilling  to  forego  a  proper  occasion  for  disa 
vowing  that  error,  that  I  am  here  to  celebrate,  over  the  graves  of  the 
Forefathers,  on  this  day,  devoted  to  their  memories,  the  virtues,  the 
labors,  and  the  sufferings  of  the  Puritans  of  New  England  and  Old 
England.  My  interest  in  the  celebration  is  not,  like  your  own,  a 
derived,  but  only  a  reflected  one.  I  am  not  native  here,  nor  was  I 
born  to  the  manner  of  this  high  and  holy  observance.  The  dogma 
tical  expositions  of  the  Christian  scheme  pronounced  by  the  Puritans 
have  not  altogether  commanded  my  acceptance.  I  shall,  therefore, 
refrain  from  even  an  approach  to  those  finer  parts  of  my  great  theme, 
justly  familiar  to  your  accustomed  orators,  which  reach  the  profound- 
est  depths  of  reverence  and  love  in  the  bosoms  of  the  lineal  descend 
ants  of  the  founders  of  New  England.  A  few  years  after  the  death 
of  Napoleon,  I  stood  before  the  majestic  column  in  the  Place  Ven- 
dome,  that  lifts  his  statue  high  above  the  capital  of  France.  When 
I  asked  who  scattered  there  a  thousand  wreaths  of  flowers,  freshly 
gathered,  that  covered  its  base,  the  answer  came  quickly  back,  "  All 
the  world."  So  I,  one  only  of  the  same  vast  constituency,  cheerfully 
cast  my  garland  upon  the  tomb  of  the  Pilgrims,  and  lend  my  voice 
to  aid  your  noble  purpose  of  erecting  here  a  worthier  and  more 
deserved  monument  to  the  memory  of  the  Pilgrims.  It  is,  indeed, 
quite  unnecessary  to  their  fame ;  yet  it  is,  alas,  only  too  necessary  to 
correct  the  basis  of  the  world's  judgment  of  heroic  worth.  Make 
its  foundations  broad  as  the  domain  which  the  adventurers  of  the 
Mayflower  peacefully,  and  without  injustice,  rescued  from  the  tramp 
of  savage  tribes !  Let  its  material  be  of  the  imperishable  substance 
of  these  everlasting  hills !  Let  its  devices  and  descriptions  be  colos 
sal,  as  becomes  the  emblems  and  tributes  which  commemorate  a 
world's  ever-upheaving  deliverance  from  civil  and  religious  despo 
tism  !  Let  its  shaft  rise  so  high  that  it  shall  cast  its  alternate  shadows, 
changing  with  the  progress  of  the  sun  in  his  journey,  across  thj 


THE   PILGRIMS   AND   LIBERTY.  185 

Atlantic  and  over  the  intervening  mountains  to  the  Pacific  coast ! 
It  must,  even  then,  borrow  majesty  from  the  rock  which  was  the  first 
foothold  of  the  Pilgrims  on  these  desolate  shores,  instead  of  impart 
ing  to  it  sublimity. 

But  I  may  not  touch  the  domestic  story  of  your  ancestors.  Only 
a  Jewish  hand  could  strike  the  cymbals  with  the  boldness  due  to  the 
theme  of  the  march  of  the  host  of  Israel,  under  the  guidance  of  its 
changeful  pillar  of  cloud  and  of  fire,  while  pursued  by  the  chariots 
and  horsemen  of  Egypt,  through  the  divinely  divided  floods  of  the 
Arabian  sea;  or,  without  temerity  almost  sacrilegious,  lift  from  the 
waving  boughs  the  harps  which  the  daughters  of  Jerusalem  hung 
upon  the  willows,  while  by  the  side  of  the  rivers  of  Assyria  they 
sat  down,  and  wept  the  piteous  captivity  of  their  nation,  beloved, 
but  temporarily  forsaken  of  God. 

It  is  a  sure  way  of  promoting  knowledge  and  virtue,  as  well  as  of 
rising  to  greatness  and  goodness,  to  study  with  due  care  and  rever 
ence  the  operation  of  sublime  principles  of  conduct  in  advancing  the 
progress  of  mankind.  I  desire  so  to  contemplate  the  working  of  the 
leading  principle  of  the  Puritans. 

I  confess  that  the  Puritans  neither  disclosed  nor  discovered  any 
new  truths  of  morals  or  of  government.  None  such  have  been  dis 
covered,  at  least  since  the  Divine  Teacher  set  forth  the  whole  system 
of  private  and  public  ethics  among  the  olive  groves,  on  that  one 
which  was  his  favorite  among  the  mountains  that  look  down  upon 
Jerusalem. 

Nor  was  it  their  mission  to  institute  a  new  progress  of  mankind. 
Although  the  eastern  nations,  the  first  to  enjoy  the  light  of  civiliza 
tion,  had,  long  before  the  age  of  the  Puritans,  sunk  into  that  deep 
sleep  from  which  there  is  as  yet  no  awaking,  yet  Europe  was  even 
then  full  of  energy,  enterprise  and  hope.  The  better  elements  of 
the  oriental  and  mediterranean  civilizations  had  survived  and,  coop 
erating  with  the  pure  influences  of  Christianity,  were  enlightening 
and  refining  the  southern  and  western  nations.  The  western  church, 
which  until  recently  was  unpartitioned,  had  long  defended  the  faith 
against  the  Saracens,  and  protected  feeble  states  against  the 
aggressions  of  ambitious  princes.  It  still  held  the  nations  in  the 
bonds  of  a  common  fraternity.  Nor  had  it  forgotten  to  proselyte 
after  the  primitive  manner,  by  inculcating  morality  and  charity. 
It  had,  by  its  potent  command,  addressed  to  the  conscience  of 

VOL.  IV.  24 


186  ORATIONS  AND   ADDRESSES. 

Christendom,  abolished  throughout  Europe  that  system  of  personal 
servitude  in  which  a. large,  perhaps  the  largest,  portion  of  every  com 
munity  had  been  held,  under  every  form  of  government.  It  bore 
its  testimony  steadily  against  that  system,  everywhere  declaring  that 
"God  and  nature  equally  cry  out  against  human  slavery;  that  serfs 
and  slaves  are  a  part  of  the  human  family  which  Christ  died  to  re 
deem  ;  and  that  equality  is  an  essential  incident  of  that  brotherhood 
which  he  enjoins  as  a  test  by  which  his  disciples  shall  be  known." 

The  foundations  of  that  comprehensive  international  code,  which 
is  now  everywhere  accepted,  were  broadly  laid.  It  was  then  clearly 
taught  that  "there  are  in  nature  certain  fountains  of  justice,  from 
which  all  pure  civil  laws  flow,  varying  only  in  this,  that  as  waters 
take  tinctures  and  tastes  from  the  soils  through  which  they  run,  so 
do  civil  laws  differ  according  to  the  regions  and  governments  where 
they  are  planted."  Luther  had  already  summoned  Europe  to  a  new 
and  more  vigorous  morality,  and  Calvin's  sharp  voice  was  ringing 
through  the  continent,  calling  the  faithful  away  from  all  ostentatious 
ceremonies  of  worship,  to  that  pure  and  spiritual  one  which  God 
prefers  "  before  all  temples."  The  feudal  policy,  although  founded 
in  very  imperfect  conceptions  of  civil  society,  had  saved,  through 
the  recent  decline,  many  personal  and  political  rights  and  privileges 
which  otherwise  would  have  been  swept  away,  as  they  were  in  Asia, 
by  the  desolating  hand  of  absolute  power.  Chivalry,  a  wild  vine, 
engrafted  upon  Christianity,  was  bearing  abundant  fruits  of  courage, 
constancy,  gallantry,  munificence,  honor  and  clemency.  The  ma 
chinery  of  mercenary  armies  was  not  yet  perfected,  and  the  security 
of  government  was  still  held  to  depend,  not  on  laws  and  force,  but 
on  the  approval  and  sympathies  of  the  people.  Commerce  had  dis 
covered  that  the  oceans  were  designed,  not  to  separate,  but  to  unite 
nations,  and  was  extending  its  field  over  all  habitable  climes,  and 
taking  on  the  dignity  of  its  new  functions  as  an  auxiliary  of  empire. 
Manufactures  had  been  incorporated  as  a  distinct  wheel  in  the  en 
ginery  of  national  wealth ;  and  the  productive  classes  had  already 
attained  a  position  among  the  ruling  elements  of  states.  A  wise 
policy  of  liberal  naturalization  was  breaking  up  local  septs  and  clans, 
and  distributing  the  seeds  of  material  and  social  improvement 
throughout  both  hemispheres.  Indolence,  expense  and  faction,  had 
prepared  that  decline  of  aristocratic  orders  which  still  continues. 
Just  notions  of  the  free  tenure  of  lands,  and  even  that  great  idea  of 


THE  PILGRIMS  AND  LIBERTY.  187 

the  universal  freedom  of  labor,  which  is  now  agitating  the  world, 
prevailed  quite  widely.  Italy, 

"  The  dark'ned  ages'  last  remaining  light," 

had  never  failed  to  present  examples  of  republican  institutions.  The 
monarchical  constitutions  of  that  period  contained  sharply-defined 
limitations,  and  they  were  vigorously  guarded  and  defended.  It  was 
a  general  theory,  that  the  subject  could  not  be  taxed  without  con 
sent  of  the  legislature,  and  that  princes  could  only  govern  in  con 
formity  to  laws.  England  especially  had  a  parliament,  the  type  of 
modern  legislatures,  trial  by  jury,  magna  charta  and  the  common 
law,  constituting  one  fourfold  and  majestic  arch  for  the  support  of 
civil  liberty.  She  had,  moreover,  emancipated  herself  from  the 
supremacy  of  the  See  of  Eome,  and  the  popular. mind  was  intently 
engaged  equally  in  the  pursuit  of  theological  truth,  and  in  the  appli 
cation  of  the  organic  laws  to  the  maintenance  and  defence  of  public 
and  private  rights. 

It  was  the  age  of  Spenser,  Shakspeare,  Bacon  and  Milton.  Poetry 
had  risen  from  lyric  beauty  to  epic  dignity ;  history,  from  fabulous 
chronicle  to  philosophical  argument ;  and  learning,  from  words  and 
forms,  to  things  and  laws.  Reasoning  from  these  circumstances,  it 
seemed  that  the  onward  progress  of  society  was  assured,  and  that 
civil  and  religious  liberty  were  about  to  be  established  on  broad  and 
enduring  foundations. 

Nevertheless,  a  reaction  had  already  begun,  whose  force  is  even 
yet  unspent.  The  See  of  Rome  took  alarm  from  the  movement  of 
the  reformation,  and  combined  with  kings  against  nations.  Henry 
YIII  arrogated  to  himself  the  very  same  spiritual  supremacy, 
which,  with  the  aid  of  the  people  and  in  the  name  of  Christian  lib 
erty,  he  had  wrested  from  the  pope ;  and  with  singular  caprice  em 
ployed  it  in  compelling  conformity  to  the  obnoxious  faith  and 
worship  of  Rome,  conducted  by  ecclesiastics  who  derived  their  ap 
pointments  from  himself,  and  held  them  at  his  own  pleasure.  The 
reign  of  Mary  inaugurated  that  relapse  to  Rome,  which  the  caprices 
of  Henry  had  rendered  inevitable.  Elizabeth  reinstalled  the  refor 
mation,  but  renewed  the  regal  claim  to  spiritual  supremacy.  -The 
people  resisted  all  these  ecclesiastical  usurpations  of  the  Tudors,  and 
they,  in  retaliation,  boldly  attempted  to  subvert  the  constitutional 
authority  of  parliament.  Elizabeth,  under  the  advice  of  sagacious 


188  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

statesmen,  and  supported  by  temporizing  churchmen,  resorted  to  the 
favorite  expedient  of  politicians — compromise.  Compromise  is  a 
feasible  and  often  a  necessary  mode  of  adjusting  conflicting  material 
interests,  but  can  never  justly  be  extended  to  the  subversion  of  the 
natural  rights  or  the  moral  duties  of  subjects  or  citizens.  Even 
where  a  compromise  is  proper  in  itself,  it  derives  all  its  strength 
from  the  fair  and  full  consent  of  all  the  parties  whom  it  binds. 
Elizabeth  caused  the  Roman  Catholic  creed,  discipline  and  ritual  to 
be  revised  and  altogether  recast,  under  the  direction  of  leaders  of 
some  of  the  conflicting  sects ;  and  thus  a  new  system  was  produced, 
which,  as  was  claimed,  stood  midway  between  the  uncompromising 
church  of  Rome  and  equally  uncompromising  latitudinarian  Protes 
tantism.  The  new  system  was  established  by  law,  and  a  hierarchy 
was  appointed  by  the  crown,  to  whose  care  it  was  committed.  Ab 
solute  and  even  active  conformity  was  commanded  to  be  enforced  by 
pains  and  penalties  in  special  and  unconstitutional  tribunals,  acting 
without  appeal,  and  in  derogation  of  the  common  law.  The  new 
system,  whatever  might  be  its  religious  and  ecclesiastical  harmony 
with  the  Divine  precepts,  was,  in  its  civil  aspects,  a  mere  political 
institution.  It  was  offensive  and  odious  to  a  zealous  people,  who, 
though  divided  into  opposing  sects,  agreed  in  regarding  the  political 
authority  assumed  by  the  state  as  a  sacrilegious  usurpation.  The 
friends  of  civil  liberty  also1* condemned  it,  as  a  turning  of  the  batte 
ries  that  had  been  won  from  the  Roman  See,  in  the  name  of  liberty, 
against  the  very  fortress  of  liberty  itself.  Nevertheless,  a  portion 
of  the  clergy,  who  had  now  become  dependent  on  the  state,  members 
of  the  privileged  classes,  always  disinclined  to  political  agitation, 
placemen  and  waiters  for  places,  the  timid,  the  venal  and  the  frivo 
lous,  early  gave  in  their  adhesion,  and  the  compromise  daily  gained 
wider  acquiescence,  through  the  appliances  of  political  seduction, 
proscription  and  persecution.  The  Church  of  England  was  built  oa 
that  compromise.  Incorporated  into  the  constitution  with  such  aux 
iliary  political  powers,  it  must  necessarily  augment  the  influence  of 
the  throne,  and  be  subversive  equally  of  the  civil  and  religious  lib 
erties  of  the  people. 

A  conservative  power,  a  new  conservative  power,  was  necessary  to 
prevent  that  fatal  consummation.  That  power  appeared  in  the  form 
of  a  body  of  obscure  religious  sectaries,  men  of  monastical  devout- 
ness,  yet  retaining  the  habits  of  domestic  and  social  life;  simple,  but 


THE .  PILGIMMS   AND   LIBEKTY.  189 

not  unlearned;  unambitious;  neither  rich  enough  to  forget  their 
God,  nor  yet  poor  enough  to  debase  their  souls  ;  content  with  mecha 
nical  and  agricultural  occupations  in  villages  and  rural  districts,  yet 
conscious  of  the  liberty  with  which  Christ  had  made  them  free,  and 
therefore  bold  enough  to  confront  ecclesiastical  and  even  royal  au 
thority  in  the  capital.  Serious,  as  became  their  religious  profession, 
they  grew  under  persecution  to  be  grave,  formal  and  austere.  Cho 
sen  emissaries  of  God,  as  they  believed,  they  willingly  became  out 
casts  among  men.  Divinely  constituted  depositaries  of  pure  and 
abounding  truth,  as  they  thought,  they  announced,  as  their  own  rule 
of  conduct,  that  no  article  of  faith,  no  exercise  of  ecclesiastical  au 
thority,  no  rule  of  discipline,  and  not  even  a  shred  of  ceremonial  or 
sacrament,  should  be  accepted,  unless  sanctioned  by  direct  warrant 
from  the  Scriptures,  as  interpreted  by  themselves,  in  the  free  exer 
cise  of  their  own  consciences,  illuminated  by  the  Holy  Spirit.  God, 
although  a  benevolent  Father,  was  yet,  as  they  believed,  jealous 
towards  disobedience  of  His  revealed  will,  and  would  punish  con 
scious  neglect  of  its  commandments.  These  were  the  Puritans. 
They  came  into  the  world  to  save  it  from  despotism ;  and  the  world 
comprehended  them  not.  They  refused  to  acquiesce  in  the  compro 
mise,  because  it  involved  a  surrender  of  natural  rights,  and  a  viola 
tion  of  principles  of  duty  toward  God.  Nevertheless,  they  were 
true  Christians,  and,  therefore,  they  declined  to  set  up  their  own 
convictions  as  a  standard  for  others  who  subscribed  to  the  Christian 
faith,  and  freely  allowed  to  all  their  fellow  subjects  the  same  broad 
religious  liberty  which  they  claimed  for  themselves.  They  persisted 
in  non-conformity.  The  more  hardly  pressed,  the  more  firmly  they 
persisted.  The  more  firm  their  persistence,  the  more  severe  and 
unrelenting  was  the  persecution  they  endured.  More  than  a  hun 
dred  years  virtually  outlawed  as  citizens  and  subjects,  and  outcasts 
from  the  established  church,  the  Puritans  bore  unflinchingly  their 
unwavering  testimony  against  the  compromise,  before  magistrates 
and  councils,  in  the  pillory,  under  stripes,  in  marches,  in  camps,  in 
prison,  in  flight,  in  exile,  among  licentious  soldiery  and  dissolute 
companions  in  neighboring  lands ;  on  the  broad  and  then  unexplored 
ocean,  when  the  mariners  lost  their  reckoning,  and  the  ship's  supplies 
became  scanty  and  her  seams  opened  to  the  waves ;  on  unknown 
coasts,  homeless,  houseless,  famishing  and  dying ;  in  the  leafless  for 
est,  surrounded  by  ice  and  snow,  fearful  of  savage  beasts  and  con- 


190  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

fronting  savage  men.  The  compromise  policy  failed.  Civil  and 
religious  liberty  was  not  overborne;  it  rose  erect;  it  triumphed;  it 
is  still  gaining  new  and  wider  and  more  enduring  triumphs;  and 
tyrants  have  read  anew  the  lesson,  so  often  wasted  upon  them  before, 
that  where  mankind  stand  upon  their  convictions  of  moral  right  and 
duty,  in  disobedience  to  civil  authority,  there  is  no  middle  course 
of  dealing  with  them  between  the  persecution  that  exterminates  and 
the  toleration  that  satisfies.  The  Puritans  were  not  exterminated — 
they  were  not  satisfied. 

The  Puritans  thus  persisted  and  prevailed  because  they  had  adopted 
one  true,  singular  and  sublime  principle  of  civil  conduct,  namely, 
that  the  subject  in  every  state  has  a  natural  right  to  religious  liberty 
of  conscience.  They  knew  too  well  the  weakness  of  human  guaran 
ties  of  civil  liberty,  and  the  frailty  of  civil  barriers  against  tyranny. 
They,  therefore,  did  not  affect  to  derive  the  right  of  toleration  from 
the  common  law,  or  the  statutes  of  the  realm,  or  magna  charta,  or 
even  from  that  imaginary  contract  between  the  sovereign  and  the 
subject  which  some  publicists  had,  about  that  time,  invented  as  a 
basis  for  civil  rights.  They  resorted  directly  to  a  law,  broader,  older 
and  more  stable  than  all  these — a  law,  universal  in  its  application 
and  in  its  obligation,  established  by  the  Creator  and  Judge  of  all 
men,  and,  therefore,  paramount  to  all  human  constitutions.  Alger 
non  Sidney,  Locke  and  Bacon,  and  even  Hooker,  chosen  and  ablest 
champion  of  the  church  of  England,  demonstrated  the  existence  of 
this  law,  deriving  the  evidences  of  it,  and  of  its  universal  nature  and 
application,  from  natural  and  revealed  religion,  in  the  high  debates 
of  the  seventeenth  century.  Blackstone,  Yattel  and  Montesquieu, 
have  built  upon  it  their  respective  systems  of  municipal  law,  public 
law,  and  government;  and  our  own  congress  of  1776  sunk  into  the 
same  enduring  foundation  the  corner-stone  of  this  vast  and  towering 
structure  of  American  freedom.  The  Puritans  could,  therefore,  lay 
no  claim  to  the  discovery  of  this  great  principle,  or  to  the  promul 
gation  of  it.  But  the  distinguished  glory  of  having  first  reduced  it 
from  speculation  to  active  and  effectual  application,  as  a  conventional 
rule  of  political  conduct,  is  all  their  own. 

This  great  principle  was  not  only  a  disturbing,  but  it  was  also  an 
offensive  and  annoying  one.  It  was  an  appeal  from  the  highest  sove 
reign  power  in  the  state  to  a  sovereign  power  still  higher,  and  there 
fore  was  thought  seditious.  It,  of  course,  encountered  then  the  same 


THE   PILGRIMS   AND   LIBERTY.  191 

f 

ingenious  sophistry  which,  although  often  overthrown,  has  not  even 
yet  been  silenced.  It  was  argued  that,  if  individual  conscience  may 
rightly  refuse  to  acquiesce  in  the  results  of  the  general  conviction 
collected  by  the  state  and  established  as  law,  it  may  also  rightfully 
resist  the  law  by  force,  which  would  produce  disorder  and  lead  to 
anarchy.  It  was  argued,  also,  that,  insomuch  as  civil  government  is 
of  divine  appointment,  it  must  be  competent  to  act  as  an  arbiter 
between  conflicting  consciences,  and  that  implicit  obedience  to  its 
decrees,  as  such  arbiter,  is,  therefore,  a  religious  duty.  As  well 
might  have  been  foreseen,  there  arose,  on  the  side  of  the  Puritans, 
contestants  worthy  of  the  majestic  principle  they  defended — contest 
ants,  whose  voices,  then  silenced  by  persecution  or  drowned  by  pub 
lic  clamor,  have  reached  this  more  congenial  age,  and  are  now  giving 
form  and  condensation  to  the  whole  science  of  political  ethics.  Not 
again  recalling  the  names  of  Locke  and  Sidney,  there  were  Edwards, 
profoundest  metaphysician  of  all  ages,  and  Milton,  always  discon 
tented  and  distrusted  among  men,  but  familiar  with  angels,  and 
learned  in  the  counsels  of  Heaven.  It  was  their  sufficient  reply,  that 
unenlightened  and  unsanctified  consciences  will  never  disturb  despo 
tism  with  their  remonstrances,  and  that  consciences  illuminated  and 
purified  cannot  be  perverted  to  error ;  that  God  has  delegated  to  no 
human  tribunal  authority  to  interfere  between  Himself  and  the  inoni- 
.tor  which  He  has  implanted  in  the  bosom  of  every  moral  being,  and 
which  is  responsible  to  its  Author  alone ;  and  that  the  boundaries 
of  human  authority  are  the  boundaries  of  Eternal  justice,  ascertained 
by  the  teachings  of  that  monitor  which,  where  it  is  free  and  fully 
awakened,  must  always  be  the  same.  They  answered  further,  and 
with  decisive  energy,  that  traditions  and  compacts  subversive  of  free 
dom  were  altogether  void,  because  the  masses  of  men  living  at  one 
time  in  a  state,  must  always  have  supreme  control  over  their  own 
conduct,  in  all  that  concerns  their  duty  to  God  and  their  own  happiness. 
Fortunately,  the  Puritans  had  keen  sagacity.  They  would  not 
ask  liberty  of  conscience  as  a  political  concession ;  because,  if  granted 
as  such,  it  might  be  revoked.  Fortunately  they  were  not  purposely 
a  political  or  civil  body,  but  a  purely  religious  one  ;  a  church  in  the 
wilderness,  as  they  described  themselves ;  a  church  without  secular 
combinations,  interests  or  ends ;  a  church  with  no  interest  but  duty, 
no  end  but  to  avoid  the  Divine  disfavor,  and  no  head  but  God.  For 
tunately,  also,  the  age  was  as  yet  a  religious  one.  Skepticism,  which 


192  ORATIONS   AND    ADDRESSES. 

has  since  so  wildly  overrun  large  portions  of  Europe,  and  scattered 
its  poison  even  here,  had  not  then  entered  the  world ;  and  the  ple 
nary  nature  and  authority  of  the  Holy  Scriptures,  to  which  the  Puri* 
tans  appealed,  was  universally  acknowledged.  It  was  especially 
felicitous  that  the  lives  of  the  Puritans  vindicated  their  sinceritj^ 
magnanimity  and  piety.  Equally  in  domestic  and  social  life,  and  in 
the  great  transactions  of  the  state  in  which  they  became  concerned, 
their  conduct  was  without  fear  and  without  reproach.  With  all 
these  advantages,  the  Puritans,  as  naturally  as  wisely,  referred  them 
selves  to  the  Divine  revelations  for  the  principle  which  they  pro 
mulgated.  With  effective  simplicity,  they  confined  themselves  to 
the  main  point  in  debate.  They  neither  pretended  to  define  nor  to 
make  summaries  of  all  the  natural  rights  of  man  which  tyranny 
might  invade,  nor  to  trace  out  the  ultimate  secular  consequences  of 
the  great  principle  on  which  they  insisted.  They  rested  the  defense 
of  the  one  natural  right  which  was  distinctly  invaded,  on  no  grounds 
of  expediency  or  of  public  utility,  but  on  the  grounds  alone  that 
God  had  given  it,  and  that  man  could  not  either  invade  or  surrender 
it,  without  sin  against  the  Divine  majesty.  It  was  the  peculiarity  of 
the  right  thus  invaded  and  defended,  that  lent  to  the  Puritans  their 
crowning  advantage.  Keligion  is  the  profoundest  and  most  univer 
sal  affection  of  our  nature.  Apparently  the  cause  of  innumerable 
differences  and  endless  controversies,  it  is,  nevertheless,  the  one  com 
mon  and  principal  element  which  controls  the  actions  of  all  men. 
It  sustained  the  Puritans.  It  gradually  won  for  them  the  respect 
and  sympathies  of  men  and  of  nations.  The  right  assailed  brought 
equally  conscience  and  the  love  of  liberty,  the  two  most  elastic  and 
enduring  springs  of  activity,  into  resistance.  Its  invasion  was  sacri 
legious,  because  it  assumed  to  add  to  the  Divine  commandments,  and 
to  take  away  from  disobedience  to  them  the  curses  that  are  written 
against  it  in  the  Book  of  Life.  Primitive  apostolical  eloquence, 
which  reminds  us  of  the  inspired  apology  of  Paul  before  Agrippa, 
revived  in  its  defense.  The  Puritans  spake  from  their  prisons  after 
this  manner : 

"Upon  a  careful  examination  of  the  Holy  Scriptures,  we  find  the  English  hie 
rarchy  to  be  different  from  Christ's  institution,  and  to  be  derived  from  Antichrist, 
being  the  same  the  pope  left  in  this  land,  to  which  we  dare  not  subject  ourselves. 
We  farther  find  that  God  has  commanded  all  that  believe  the  gospel  to  walk  in  that 
holy  path  and  order  which  he  has  appointed  in  his  church.  Wherefore,  in  the 


THE    PILGRIMS  AND  LIBERTY.  193 

reverend  fear  of  his  name,  we  have  joined  ourselves  together,  and  subjected  our 
souls  and  bodies  to  those  laws  and  ordinances,  and  have  chosen  to  ourselves  such 
a  ministry  of  pastors,  teachers,  elders  and  deacons,  as  Christ  has  given  to  his 
church  on  earth  to  the  world's  end,  hoping  for  the  promised  assistance  of  his  grace 
in  our  attendance  upon  him,  notwithstanding  any  prohibition  of  men,  or  what  by 
men  can  be  done  unto  us.  We  are  ready  to  prove  our  church  order  to  be  war 
ranted  by  the  word  of  God,  allowable  by  her  majesty's  laws,  and  no  ways  preju 
dicial  to  the  sovereign  power,  and  to  disprove  the  public  hierarchy,  worship  and 
government,  by  such  evidence  as  our  adversaries  shall  not  be  able  to  withstand, 
protesting,  if  we  fail  herein,  not  only  willingly  to  sustain  such  deserved  punish 
ment  as  shall  be  inflicted  upon  us,  but  to  become  conformable  for  the  future,  if  we 
overthrow  not  our  adversaries.  *  *  *  We  therefore,  in  the  name  of  God  and 
of  our  sovereign  the  queen,  pray  that  we  may  have  the  benefit  of  the  laws  and 
of  the  public  charters  of  the  land,  namely,  that  we  may  be  received  to  bail,  till 
we  be  by  order  of  law  convicted  of  some  crime  deserving  of  bonds.  We  plight 
our  faith  unto  God,  and  our  allegiance  to  her  majesty,  that  we  will  not  commit 
anything  unworthy  of  the  gospel  of  Christ,  or  to  the  disturbance  of  the  common 
peace  and  good  order  of  the  land,  and  that  we  will  be  forthcoming  at  such  reason 
able  warning  as  your  lordship  shall  command.  Oh,  let  us  not  perish  before  trial 
and  judgment,  especially  imploring  and  crying  out  to  you  for  the  same.  How 
ever,  we  take  the  Lord  of  heaven  and  earth,  and  his  angels,  together  with  your 
own  consciences  and  all  persons  in  all  ages,  to  whom  this  our  supplication  may 
come,  to  witness  that  we  have  here  truly  advertised  your  honors  of  our  case  and 
maze,  and  have  in  all  humility  offered  to  come  to  Christian  trial." 

How  sublimely,  and  yet  with  touching  effect  does  this  opening  of 
their  cause  by  the  Puritans  illustrate  the  Divine  instruction  that  the 
fear  of  the  Lord  is  the  beginning  of  wisdom ! 

Let  us  consider  now  the  scope  and  the  full  import  of  the  Puritan 
principle.  That  scope  is  not  narrowed  by  any  failure  of  the  Puri 
tans  themselves  to  comprehend  it,  or  even  by  any  neglect  on  their 
part  to  cover  it  fully  in  their  own  political  conduct.  Christianity  is 
the  same,  however  narrowed  or  perverted  by  erroneous  creeds  or 
practices  among  the  faithful.  Nor  is  the  real  merit  of  the  Puritans 
diminished,  because  they  did  not  fully  comprehend  all  possible  appli 
cations  of  the  principle  they  maintained.  Human  progress  is  only 
the  following  of  an  endless  chain,  suspended  from  the  throne  of  God. 
The  links  of  that  chain  are  infinite  in  number.  The  human  hand 
can  grasp  only  one  of  them  at  once. 

The  Puritan  principle  of  the  inviolability  of  the  right  of  con 
science,  necessarily  covers  the  inviolability  of  all  the  acknowledged 
natural  rights  of  man.  as  well  those  which  concern  his  duty  to  him 
self  and  his  duty  to  others,  as  those  which  arise  out  of  his  direct 
duties  toward  God.  Certainly  the  Creator  and  Ruler  of  the  Uni 

VOL.  IY.  25 


194  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

verse,  the  beneficent  Father  and  Preserver  of  all  life,  the  universal 
Lawgiver  and  Judge  of  all  moral  beings,  is  not  in  any  human  sense 
a  jealous  and  exacting  God,  incensed  by  the  withholding  of  homage 
due  to  Himself,  and  yet  regardless  of  the  neglect  of  other  human 
duties  which  He  has  prescribed.  Assuredly,  when  He  commands  us 
not  only  to  walk  humbly  before  Himself,  but  also  to  perfect  our  own 
nature,  and  to  do  justice,  and  love  mercy  toward  other  men,  He 
has  given  us  the  same  absolute  right  to  the  free  exercise  of,  our 
faculties,  in  performing  these  latter  duties,  that  He  has  given  us  for 
the  performance  of  the  first.  Nor  is  there  any  homage  to  God  so 
acceptable  as  the  upright  heart  and  pure.  He  that  loveth  not  his 
brother  whom  he  hath  seen,  how  can  he  love  God  whom  he  hath  not 
seen  ? 

The  Puritan  principle  further  involves  the  political  equality  of  all 
men.  Absolute  rights  arise  out  of  the  moral  constitution  of  man. 
There  is  only  one  moral  constitution  of  all  men.  The  absolute 
rights  of  all  men  are  therefore  the  same.  Political  equality  is 
nothing  else  than  the  full  enjoyment,  by  every  member  of  the  state, 
of  the  absolute  rights  which  belong  equally  to  all  men.  Any 
abridgment  of  that  equality,  on  whatever  consideration,  except  by 
discriminating  justice  in  the  punishment  of  crimes,  is  therefore  for 
bidden  to  human  government  by  the  Divine  authority.  The  Puritans 
so  understood  their  own  great  principle,  in  its  bearing  upon  the 
right  of  conscience. 

"Liberty  of  conscience  (said  one  of  their  earliest  organs)  is  the  natural  right 
of  every  man.  *  *  *  He  that  will  look  back  on  past  times,  and  examine  into 
the  true  causes  of  the  subversion  and  devastation  of  states  and  countries,  will  find 
it  owing  to  the  tyranny  of  princes  and  the  persecution  of  priests.  The  ministers 
of  the  established  church  say,  '  If  we  tolerate  one  sect,  we  must  tolerate  all.' 
This  is  true.  They  have  as  good  a  right  to  their  consciences  as  to  their  clothes  or 
estates.  No  opinions  or  sentiments  of  religion  are  cognizable  by  the  magistrates, 
any  further  than  they  are  inconsistent  with  the  peace  of  civil  government." 

But  this  latitude  of  the  principle  of  tolerance  has  been  always 
vigorously  and  efficiently  opposed  by  prejudice,  pride  and  bigotry, 
in  every  church,  in  every  sect,  in  every  state  and  under  every  form 
of  government.  Each  sect  has  claimed  liberty  of  conscience  for  it 
self  as  a  natural  right,  but  with  gross  inconsistency,  which  invali 
dated  its  own  argument,  has  denied  that  liberty  to  other  sects — as  if 
the  Supreme  Kuler  had  made  men  to  agree,  instead  of  differing,  upon 


THE  PILGRIMS  AND  LIBERTY.  195 

non-essential  as  well  as  upon  essential  articles  of  religious  faith. 
The  principle  has  nevertheless  continually  gained,  and  is  still  gaining 
fresh  triumphs.  After  a  long  contest  in  England,  toleration  was 
granted  to  all  but  Roman  Catholics  and  Jews.  One  hundred  and 
fifty  years  after  the  organization  of  the  Puritans,  the  principle 
entered  into  all  the  American  constitutions.  Fifty  years  later,  it 
emancipated  the  Roman  Catholics  throughout  Great  Britain.  Only 
a  year  ago,  it  removed  the  disfranchisement  of  the  Jews  in  the 
British  dominions.  It  has  thus  irrevocably  become  a  part  of  the  con 
stitution  of  that  great  empire. 

The  Puritan  principle  draws  closely  after  it  the  consequence  of 
an  absolute  separation  of  church  and  state,  for  the  reason  that  the 
toleration  of  conscience  can  in  no  other  way  be  practically  and  com 
pletely  established.  That  separation  has  been  made  in  the  Ameri 
can  constitutions,  with  abundant  advantage  to  both  the  cause  of 
religion  and  the  cause  of  good  government.  Great  Britain  is  ad 
vancing  steadily  toward  the  adoption  of  the  same  broad,  just  and 
beneficent  policy.  The  separation  of  church  and  state  may  therefore 
be  regarded  as  a  contribution  made  by  the  Puritans  towards  perfect 
ing  the  art  of  government. 

The  political  equality  of  men  has  also  met  with  obstinate  resistance, 
and  has  also  achieved  many  and  auspicious  triumphs.  After  one 
hundred  and  fifty  years  of  controversy,  it  was  carried  into  the 
British  constitution  by  the  judicial  decision  in  Somerset's  case,  that  a 
slave  could  not  breathe  the  air  of  England.  Ten  or  fifteen  years 
later,  it  was  theoretically  adopted  and  promulgated  in  the  declaration 
of  American  independence.  The  suppression  of  the  African  slave 
trade,  by  conventions  of  the  states  of  Christendom,  transferred  the 
same  principle  to  the  law  of  nations.  The  abolition  of  African  sla 
very  by  all  of  the  European  nations,  and,  with  few  exceptions,  also 
by  all  of  the  American  states,  is  indicative  of  the  universal  adoption 
of  the  same  great  principle  by  all  Christian  nations,  at  some  period 
not  far  distant. 

You  are  now  prepared,  I  trust,  for  another  and  still  more  compre 
hensive  view  of  the  Puritan  principle,  namely  :  that  its  full  and  per 
fect  development  is  the  pure  system  of  republican  government. 
Such  was  its  marked  tendency  in  the  beginning.  "A  generous  dis 
dain  of  one  man's  will,"  says  a  truly  philosophical  writer,  "is  to 
republics  what  chastity  is  to  woman,  a  conservative  principle,  not  to 


196  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

be  argued  upon  or  subjected  to  calculations  of  utility."  Puritanism 
was  a  protest  against  the  will  of  one  man,  whether  that  man  was 
Pope  or  King.  What  form  of  government,  other  than  the  pure  re 
public,  can  there  be  where  there  is  complete  separation  of  church 
and  state  and  where  absolute  political  equality  prevails  ?  Abolish 
the  connection  of  church  and  state  and  all  political  distinctions  be 
tween  the  members  of  the  state,  in  any  of  the  kingdoms  or  empires 
of  Europe,  and  what  would  remain,  or  could  exist  there,  but  a  pure 
republic?  If  the  argument  is  not  yet  conclusive,  consider  then  that 
the  Puritan  principle  tends  to  the  pure  republic,  by  virtue  of  its  con 
servative  protection  of  the  individual  member  of  the  state  against  its 
corporate  oppression ;  by  virtue,  also,  of  its  elevation  of  individual 
conscience,  thus  bringing  down  the  importance  of  the  aggregate  mass, 
and  raising  the  personal  importance  and  dignity  of  the  subject  or 
citizen ;  by  virtue  of  the  importance  it  attaches  to  personal  rights, 
exalting  them  above  material  interests,  and  so  making  those  rights, 
and  not  property,  the  primary  object  of  the  care  of  government; 
and  by  virtue,  still  further,  of  the  openness,  directness  and  frankness 
of  conduct  which  it  requires.  Equal  tolerance  in  religion,  and  equal 
enjoyment  of  the  other  absolute  rights  of  man,  are  inconsistent  with 
the  secrecy  and  fraud  which  monarchy  and  aristocracy  necessarily 
employ,  and  cannot  endure  private  councils  or  cabals.  The  Puritan 
principle  tends  to  the  pure  republic  still  more  obviously,  because  it 
seeks  to  abridge  the  powers  of  government,  and  substitute  consent 
and  free  acquiescence  as  the  bonds  of  union  between  the  members  of 
the  state,  instead  of  armed  or  military  force.  This  operation  of  the 
principle  is  happily  illustrated  in  our  own  republic,  which,  although 
constituted  by  an  ever-increasing  number  of  distinct  states,  has,  nev 
ertheless,  been  held  together  eighty  years,  and  is,  I  trust,  to  be  held 
together  forever,  without,  for  that  purpose,  even  the  shadow  of  a 
standing  army,  an  anomaly  as  pleasing  as  it  is  full  of  profitable  in 
struction. 

Let  it  be  confessed  that  the  Puritans,  as  a  body,  were  slow  to  dis 
cern  these  consequences  and  tendencies.  They  disclaimed  them  long 
and  with  unquestionable  sincerity. 

"  Although  (said  they  to  Elizabeth)  Her  Majesty  be  incensed  against  us,  as  if 
we  would  obey  no  laws,  we  take  the  Lord  of  heaven  and  earth  to  witness  that  we 
acknowledge,  from  the  bottom  of  our  hearts,  Her  Majesty  to  be  our  lawful  Queen 
placed  over  us  for  our  good;  and  we  give  God  our  most  humble  and  hearty  thanks 


THE   PILGRIMS   AND   LIBERTY.  197 

for  her  happy  government ;  and  both  in  public  and  private  we  constantly  pray  for 
her  prosperity.  We  renounce  all  foreign  power,  and  acknowledge  Her  Majesty's 
supremacy  to  be  lawful  and  just.  We  detest  all  error  and  heresy.  Yet  we  desire 
that  Her  Majesty  will  not  think  us  disobedient,  seeing  we  suffer  ourselves  to  be 
displaced  rather  than  yield  to  some  things  required.  Our  bodies  and  goods,  and 
all  we  have  are  in  Her  Majesty's  hands ;  only  our  souls  which  we  reserve  to  our 
God,  who  is  able  to  save  and  condemn  us." 

Long  afterward,  and  after  the  Puritans  in  America  had  practically 
enjoyed  a  pure  republican  government  through  some  generations, 
the  colony  of  Massachusetts  saluted  Charles  II.  on  his  restoration, 
with  this  loyal  address : 

"To  enjoy  our  liberty,  and  to  walk  according  to  the  faith  and  order  of  the  gos 
pel,  was  the  cause  of  us  transplanting  ourselves  with  our  wives,  our  little  ones  and 
our  substance,  choosing  the  pure  Christian  worship,  with  a  good  conscience  in  this 
remote  wilderness,  rather  than  the  pleasures  of  England  with  submission  to  the 
impositions  of  the  hierarchy,  to  which  we  could  not  yield  without  an  evil  conscience. 
We  are  not  seditious  to  the  interests  of  Caesar." 

Nevertheless,  the  reluctance  of  the  Puritans  to  admit  the  full  ten 
dencies  of  their  principle  cannot  justly  excite  surprise.  We  neces 
sarily  fear,  and  feel  our  way.  when  we  are  treading  on  unknown 
ground,  or  in  the  dark.  "Let  no  one  who  begins  an  innovation," 
says  Machiavelli,  u  expect  that  he  shall  stop  it  at  his  pleasure,  or 
regulate  it  according  to  his  intention."  The  Puritans  never  aimed 
to  be,  and  never  consciously  were  secular  or  political  reformers/ 
Their  field  of  labor,  as  they  bounded  it,  lay  all  within  the  church  of 
Christ.  They  sought  not  an  earthly  republic,  but  only  the  kingdom 
of  heaven.  When  sometimes  the  thought  presented  itself,  that,  by 
reason  of  their  fidelity  to  their  profession,  a  purer  and  better  politi 
cal  state  would  arise  out  of  the  commotions  through  which  they 
were  passing,  it  seemed  still  to  them  a  merely  secondary  object,  sub 
ordinate  to  the  one  sole  religious  purpose  for  which  they  had  com 
bined.  We  all  have  learned  how  slowly  the  sentiment  of  indepen 
dence,  and  the  principle  of  republicanism,  ripened  in  these  colonies 
during  the  early  stages  of  the  revolutionary  contest,  and  how  these 
free  institutions  rose  suddenly  under  the  hands  of  a  people  who 
were  even  yet  protesting  an  enduring  loyalty  to  the  throne  and  par 
liament  of  Great  Britain.  It  was  not  so,  however,  with  the  master 
spirits,  Adams,  Otis  and  Jefferson.  Nor  was  it  so  in  the  case  of  the 
Puritans  with  Milton. 


198  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

"  No  man  (said  he),  who  knows  aught,  can  be  so  stupid  to  deny  that  all  men 
naturally  were  born  free,  being  the  image  and  resemblance  of  God  himself,  and 
were,  by  privilege  above  all  the  creatures,  born  to  command  and  not  to  obey. 
The  power  of  kings  and  magistrates  is  nothing  else  but  what  is  only  derivative, 
transferred  and  committed  to  them  in  trust  from  the  people,  to  the  common  good 
of  them  all,  in  whom  the  power  yet  fundamentally  remains  and  cannot  be  taken 
from  them,  without  a  violation  of  their  natural  birthright." 

How,  then,  has  it  happened  that  civil  consequences  so  vast  have 
followed  the  merely  religious  action  of  the  Puritans  ?  The  apparent 
mystery  is  easily  explained.  Civil  liberty  is  an  object  of  universal 
and  intense  desire.  The  cause  of  the  Puritans  identified  itself  with 
the  cause  of  civil  liberty  in  England,  and  ultimately,  though  on  their 
part  unconsciously,  became  the  leading  element  of  that  cause,  both 
in  Europe  and  America.  Thus  identified  and  eminent  the  Puritan 
cause  effected  the  establishment  of  a  republic  which  endured 
through  a  short  but  glorious  period  in  England.  Though  the  British 
nation  soon  relapsed,  and  monarchy  was  restored,  yet  the  Puritan 
principle,  nevertheless,  modified  the  constitution,  and  gave  to  it  the 
popular  form  which  it  now  bears.  A  throne  yet  towers  above  that 
edifice,  but  it  is  no  longer  the  throne  of  the  Stuarts  or  of  the  Tudorsr 
or  even  of  the  Plantagenets.  It  is  simply  ornamental.  The  lords, 
spiritual  and  temporal,  still  constitute  distinct  estates,  and  retain 
their  ancient  dignity.  But  their  real  political  power  and  influence 
have  passed  away,  and  the  commons,  no  longer  contesting  inch  by 
inch  for  their  constitutional  rights,  are  virtually  the  rulers  of  the 
British  empire.  France  oscillates  so  uneasily  and  tremulously  be 
tween  the  republic  and  military  despotism,  that  no  one  who  is  hope 
ful  of  progress  doubts  where  the  needle  will  settle  at  last.  It  has 
become  a  proverb,  that  Europe  must  soon  be  either  republican  or 
despotic.  When  the  compromise  system  of  limited  monarchy  shall 
have  retired,  and  only  the  two  systems  of  republicanism  and  despo 
tism  are  left  to  confront  each  other  on  that  continent,  in  an  age  of 
still  increasing  intellectual  and  moral  energies,  the  triumph  of  the 
former,  though  uncertain  in  the  points  of  time  and  manner  and  in 
regard  to  the  field  of  contest,  will  nevertheless  be  assured.  The 
Puritan  principle  is  shaping,  already,  future  republics  on  the  islands 
and  continents  of  the  Pacific  ocean,  and  on  the  heretofore  neglected 
coasts  of  Africa,  while  the  American  continent  is  everywhere 
crowned  with  free  institutions,  due  to  its  still  more  direct  and  poten 
tial  influence.  From  Plymouth  Kock  to  Labrador,  to  Magellan,  and 


THE    PILGRIMS   AND   LIBERTY.  199 

around,  by  bay,  gulf  and  headland,  to  ISTootka  Sound,  the  republi 
can  system,  more  or  less  developed,  and  more  or  less  firmly  estab 
lished,  pervades  this  hemisphere.  Such  are  the  already  ripening  and 
ripened  fruits  of  the  vigorous  plants  of  Puritanism,  gathered  equally 
and  promiscuously  from  the  parent  stock  in  England,  and  from  the 
exotic  one  so  carefully  transplanted  on  this  rugged  coast,  and  so 
sedulously  watered,  watched,  cherished  and  reared,  by  the  Pilgrim 
Fathers. 

Behold  how  the  unfolding,  justly  and  naturally,  as  I  trust,  of  a 
theme  primarily  local,  sectional,  and  even  sectarian,  has  brought  us 
to  the  solution  of  the  great  problem  of  the  progress  of  mankind 
toward  social  happiness  and  beneficent  government.  That  higher 
stage  of  social  happiness,  that  purer  form  of  republican  government, 
to  which  we  are  tending,  are  but  faintly  shadowed  forth  in  the  dis 
turbed  transition  scenes  through  which  we  are  passing,  and  even  in 
the  most  perfect  institutions  which  have  yet  been  framed  from  the 
confused  materials  of  dilapidated  and  decaying  systems.  Present 
defects  and  imperfections  no  more  warrant  conclusions  against  that 
better  future  which  has  been  indicated,  than  the  incompleteness  of 
the  development  of  Christian  principles  justifies  a  fear  of  the  ulti 
mate  failure  of  Christianity  itself. 

It  is  a  law  of  human  progress,  that  no  work  or  structure  proceed 
ing  from  human  hands  shall  come  forth  complete  and  perfect.  Im 
provement,  at  the  cost  of  labor  and  of  trial,  and  even  suffering — 
endless  improvement,  at  such  cost,  is  the  discipline  of  human  na 
ture. 

What,  then,  shall  be  the  rule  of  our  own  conduct ?  Shall  we  grasp 
and  hold  fast  to  existing  constitutions,  with  all  their  defects  and  defi 
ciencies,  and  save  them  from  needed  amendment,  or  shall  we  amend 
and  complete  them,  and  so  prevent  reactions,  and  the  need  of  san 
guinary  revolutions  ?  Shall  we  compromise  the  principles  of  justice, 
freedom,  and  humanity,  by  compliances  with  the  counsels  of  inte 
rested  cupidity  or  slavish  fear,  or  shall  we  stand  fast  always  in  their 
defense?  I  know  no  better  rule  of  conduct  than  that  of  the  Puri 
tans.  Indeed,  I  know  none  other  that  is  sure,  or  even  safe.  Nor 
can  even  that  great  rule  be  followed  successfully  without  adopting 
their  own  noble  temper  and  spirit.  They  were  faithful,  patient,  and 
persevering.  They  forgot  themselves,  and  their  own  immediate  in 
terests  and  ambitions,  and  labored  and  suffered,  that  afrer-coming 


200  ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES. 

generations,  among  which  we  belong,  might  be  safer  and  freer  and 
happier  than  themselves.  It  can  never  be  too  well  understood  that 
the  generations  of  men,  in  moral  and  political  culture,  sow  and  plant 
for  their  successors.  "  Let  it  not  be  grievous  to  you,"  said  Bradford, 
the  meek  but  brave  arid  constant  leader,  to  the  small  arid  forlorn 
Pilgrim  commonwealth,  that  he  was  landing  on  this  rock  in  mid 
winter — "  Let  it  not  be  grievous  to  you  that  you  have  been  made 
instruments  to  break  the  ice  for  others.  The  honor  shall  be  yours, 
to  the  world's  end."  Such  was  the  only  worldly  encouragement  the 
truthful  founder  of  the  Plymouth  colony  could  give  to  his  guileless 
comrades.  Happily,  the  Pilgrims  needed  no  others. 

It  is  a  familiar  law  of  nature,  that  whatever  grows  rapidly  also 
declines  speedily.  Time  and  trial  are  necessary  to  secure  the  full 
vigor  without  which  no  enterprise  can  endure.  It  was  only  by  long, 
perilous  and  painful  endurance  and  controversy,  that  the  Puritans 
acquired  the  discipline  which,  without  consciousness  of  their  own, 
qualified  them  to  be  the  leaders  of  the  nations. 

Need  I  add,  that  there  can  be  neither  great  deeds  nor  great  endu 
rance  without  faith ;  and  that  true,  firm,  enduring  faith  can  only  be 
found  in  generous  and  noble  minds?  The  true  reformer,  therefore, 
must  calculate  on  frequent  and  ever-recurring  treacheries  and  deser 
tions  by  allies,  such  as  Milton  graphically  describes : 

"  Another  sort  there  is,  who,  coining  in  the  course  of  these  affairs  to  have  their 
share  in  great  actions  above  the  form  of  law  or  custom,  at  least  to  give  their  voice 
and  approbation,  begin  to  swerve  and  almost  shiver  at  the  majesty  and  grandeur 
of  some  noble  deed ;  as  if  they  were  newly  entered  into  a  great  sin,  disputing 
precedents,  forms  and  circumstances,  when  the  commonwealth  nigh  perishes  for 
want  of  deeds  in  substance  done  with  just  and  faithful  expedition.  To  these  I 
wish  better  instruction  and  virtue  equal  to  their  calling." 

Nor  will  all  these  qualities  suffice,  without  discretion  and  gentle 
ness  as  well  as  firmness  of  temper.  The  courageous  reformer  will 
shrink  from  no  controversy,  when  the  field  is  open,  the  battle  is  set, 
and  the  lists  are  fair.  But,  on  the  other  hand,  he  will  neither  make 
nor  seek  occasions  for  activity  ;  and  he  will  be  always  unimpassioned. 
Truth  is  not  aggressive ;  but,  like  the  Christian  religion,  is  first  pure, 
then  peaceable.  Nor  need  the  reformer  fear  that  occasions  for  duty 
will  be  wanting.  Error  and  injustice  never  fail  to  provoke  contest; 
because,  if  unalarmed,  they  are  overbearing  and  insolent ;  if  alarmed, 
they  are  rash,  passionate  and  reckless. 


THE   PILGRIMS   AND    LIBERTY.  201 

The  question  occurs,  Whence  shall  come  the  faith,  the  energy,  the 
patient  perseverance,  and  the  moderation,  which  are  so  indispensa 
ble?  I  answer,  that  all  these  will  be  derived  from  just  conceptions 
of  the  great  objects  of  political  action.  It  was  so  with  the  Puritans. 
Their  fixed  purpose  to  retain  the  right  of  conscience,  fully  compre 
hended  by  them,  extinguished  selfishness  and  ambition,  and  called 
into  activity  in  their  places  the  fear  of  God  and  the  love  of  man. 
Let  them  explain  themselves : 

"  Knowing,  therefore,  how  horrible  a  thing  it  is  to  fall  into  the  hands  of  the 
living  God,  by  doing  that  which  our  consciences  (grounded  upon  the  truth  of 
God's  Word  and  the  example  and  doctrine  of  ancient  fathers)  do  tell  us  were  evil 
done,  and  to  the  great  discrediting  of  the  truth  whereof  we  profess  to  be  teachers, 
we  have  thought  good  to  yield  ourselves  into  the  hands  of  men ;  to  suffer  what 
soever  God  hath  appointed  us  to  suffer,  for  the  perfecting  of  the  commandments 
of  God  and  a  clean  conscience  before  the  commandments  of  men.  Not  despising 
men,  therefore,  but  trusting  in  God  only,  we  seek  to  serve  Him  with  a  clear  con 
science  so  long  as  we  shall  live  here,  assuring  ourselves  that  the  things  that  we 
shall  suffer  for  so  doing  shall  be  a  testimony  to  the  world  that  great  reward  is  laid 
up  for  us  in  heaven,  where  we  doubt  not  but  to  re.st  forever  with  those  that  have 
before  our  days  suffered  for  the  like." 

Contrast  these  sentiments,  so  profoundly  self- renouncing  and  rev 
erential  of  God,  with  the  blasphemous  egotism  of  the  French  revo 
lutionists  of  1798,  and  contrast  also  the  slowly  formed  and  slowly 
maturing,  but  always  multiplying  and  ripening  fruits  of  the  Puritan 
reformation,  with  the  blasted  and  shriveled  benefits  of  that  other 
great  modern  convulsion,  and  you  have  an  instructive  and  memora 
ble  lesson  upon  the  elevation  and  purity  of  spirit  which  alone  can 
advance  human  progress. 

Increase  of  wealth  and  commerce,  and, the  enlargement  of  empire, 
are  not  truly  primary  objects  of  the  American  patriot..  These  are, 
indeed,  worthyof  his  efforts.  But  the  first  object  isjthe  preserver 
jion  of  the  spirit"  of  freedom/which  is  the  soul  of  the  republic  itself. 
Let  that  become  languid,  and  the  republic  itself  must  languish  and* 
decline.  Let  it  become  extinct,  and  the  republic  must  disastrously 
fall.  Let  it  be  preserved  and  invigorated,  and  the  republic  will 
spread  wider  and  wider,  and  its  noble  institutions  will  tower  higher 
and  higher.  Let  it  fall,  and  so  its  example  fail,  and  the  nations  will 
retrograde.  Let  it  endure,  and  the  world  will  yet  be  free,  virtuous 
and  happy.  Hitherto,  nations  have  raised  monuments  to  survive 
liberty  and  empire.  And  they  have  been  successful.  Egypt,  As- 

VOL.  IV7.  26 


202  ORATIONS   AND   ADDRESSES. 

syria,  Greece  and  Italy  are  full  of  those  monuments.  Let  our  ambi- 
tion  be  the  nobler  one  of  establishing  liberty  n,n^  empire  which  shall 
survive  the  most  stupendous  material  structures  which  genius  can 
devise  or  art  erec'C,  with  all  the  facilities  .of  increasing  knowledge  an(j 

JTTTJJJP,    WP.n1t.Tl 

Here  my  reflections  on  a  subject  infinitely  suggestive  come  to  an 
end.  They  will  not  be  altogether  fruitless,  if  I  have  been  at  all 
successful  in  illustrating  the  truths  that,  continual  meliorations  of 
society  and  government  are  not  only  possible,  but  certain;  that 
human  progress  is  slow,  because  it  is  only  the  unfolding  of  the 
Divine  Providence  concerning  man  ;  that  the  task  of  directing  and 
aiding  that  progress  is  rendered  the  most  difficult  of  all  our  labors, 
by  reason  of  oar  imperfect  knowledge  of  the  motives  and  principles 
of  human  conduct,  and  of  countless  unforeseen  obstacles  to  be 
encountered ;  that  this  progress,  nevertheless,  must  and  will  go  on, 
whether  favored  or  resisted ;  that  it  will  go  on  peacefully,  if  wisely 
favored,  and  through  violence,  if  unwisely  resisted ;  that  neither 
stability  nor  even  safety,  can  be  enjoyed  by  any  state,  otherwise  than 
by  rendering  exact  justice,  which  is  nothing  else  than  pure  equality, 
to  all  its  members;  that  the  martial  heroism,  which,  invoked  after 
too  long  passiveness  under  oppression  and  misrule,  sometimes  achieves 
the  deliverance  of  states,  is  worthy  of  all  the  honor  it  receives ;  but  • 
that  the  real  authors  of  all  benign  revolutions,  are  those  who  search 
out  and  seek  to  remove  peacefully  the  roots  of  social  and  political 
evils,  and  so  avert  the  necessity  for  sanguinary  remedies ;  that  the 
Puritans  of  England  and  America  have  given  the  highest  and  most 
beneficent  illustration  of  that  conservative  heroism  which  the  world 
has  yet  witnessed ;  that  they  have  done  this  by  the  adoption  of  a 
single,  true  and  noble  principle  of  conduct,  and  by  patient  and  per 
severing  fidelity  to  it;  that  they  thus  overcame  a  demoralizing 
political  and  social  reaction,  and  gave  a  new  and  powerful  impulse 
to  human  progress;  that  tyranny  is  deceitful,  and  mankind  are 
credulous,  and  that  therefore  political  compromises  are  more  danger 
ous  to  liberty  than  open  usurpations ;  that  the  Puritan  principle, 
which  was  so  sublime  and  so  effective,  was  nothing  else  than  the 
truth,  that  men  retain  in  every  state  all  the  natural  rights  which  are 
essential  to  the  performance  of  personal,  social  and  religious  duties ; 
that  the  principle  includes  the  absolute  equality  of  till  men,  and 
therefore  tends  to  a  complete  development  in  pure  republican  sys- 


THE   PILGKIMS   AND    LIBERTY.  203 

terns ;  that  it  has  already  modified  the  institutions  of  Europe,  while 
it  has  brought  into  existence  republican  systems,  more  or  less  perfect 
throughout  the  American  continent,  and  is  fixing  and  shaping  such 
institutions  wherever  civilization  is  found ;  that  hindrances,  delays 
and  reactions  of  political  progress  are  nevertheless  unavoidable,  but 
that  they  also  have  corresponding  benefits ;  that  it  is  our  duty  to 
labor  to  advance  that  progress,  chiefly  by  faith,  constancy  and 
perseverance — virtues  which  can  only  be  acquired  by  self-renuncia 
tion,  and  by  yielding  to  the  motives  of  the  fear  of  God  and  the 
love  of  mankind. 

Come  forward,  then,  ye  nations,  states  and  races — rude,  savage, 
oppressed  and  despised — enslaved  or  mutually  warring  among 
yourselves,  as  ye  are — upon  whom  the  morning  star  of  civilization 
hath  either  not  yet  dawned  or  hath  only  dimly  broken  amid  clouds 
and  storms,  and  receive  the  assurance  that  its  shining  shall  yet  be 
complete,  and  its  light  be  poured  down  on  all  alike.  Keceive  our 
pledges  that  we  will  wait  and  watch  and  strive  for  the  fullness  of 
that  light,  by  the  exercise  of  faith,  with  patience  and  perseverance. 
And  ye  reverend  men,  whose  precious  dust  is  beneath  our  unworthy 
feet,  pilgrims  and  sojourners  in  this  vale  of  tears  no  longer,  but 
kings  and  princes  now  at  the  right  hand  of  the  throne  of  the  God 
you  served  so  faithfully  when  on  the  earth — gather  yourselves, 
immortal  and  awful  shades,  around  us,  and  witness,  not  the  useless 
honors  we  pay  to  your  memories,  but  our  resolves  of  fidelity  to 
truth,  duty  and  freedom,  which  arise  out  of  the  contemplation  of 
the  beneficent  operation  of  your  own  great  principle  of  conduct,  and 
the  ever-widening  influence  of  your  holy  teachings  and  Godlike 
example. 

After  the  preceding  oration  had  been  pronounced  the  company 
sat  down  to  a  public  dinner,1  at  which  the  following  toast  was  pro 
posed  : 

The  Orator  of  the  Day— Eloquent  in  his  tribute  to  the  virtues  of  the  Pilgrims ;  faithful,  in  his 
life,  to  the  lessons  they  taught. 

Mr.  Seward  spoke  in  response  substantially  as  follows : 

LADIES  AND  G-ENTLEMEN:  The  Puritans  were  Protestants,  but  they  were  not 
protestants  against  everybody  and  everything:,  right  or  wrong.  They  did  not 
protest  indiscriminately  against  everything  they  found  in  England.  On  the 

1  See  Memoir,  ante  page  36. 


204  REMARKS    AT   THE    DINNER. 

other  hand,  as  we  have  abundant  indications  in  the  works  of  genius  and  art 
which  they  left  behind  them,  they  had  a  reverence  for  all  that  is  good  and  true  • 
while  they  protested  against  everything  that  was  false  and  vicious.  They  had  a 
reverence  for  the  good  taste  and  the  literature,  science,  eloquence  and  poetry  of 
England,  and  so  I  trust  it  is  with  their  successors  in  this  once  bleak  and  inhospi 
table,  but  now  rich  and  prosperous  land.  They  could  appreciate  poetry,  as  well 
as  good  sense  and  good  taste,  and  so  I  call  to  your  recollection  the  language  of  a 
poet,  who  had  not  loomed  up  at  the  time  of  the  Puritans  as  he  has  since.  It  was 
addressed  to  his  steed,  after  an  ill-starred  journey  from  London  to  Islington  town. 
The  poet  said : 

"  'Twas  for  your  pleasure  you  came  here, 
You  shall  go  back  for  mine." 

Being  a  candid  and  frank  man,  as  one  ought  to  be  who  addresses  the  descend 
ants  of  the  Puritans,  I  may  say  that  it  was  not  at  all  for  your  pleasure  that  I  came 
here.  Though  I  may  go  back  to  gratify  you.  yet  I  came  here  for  my  own  pur 
poses.  The  time  has. passed  away  when  I  could  make  a  distant  journey  from  a 
mild  climate  to  a  cold,  though  fair  region,  without  inconvenience ;  but  there  was 
one  wish,  I  might  almost  say  there  was  only  one  wish  of  my  heart  that  I  was 
anxious  should  be  gratified.  I  had  been  favored  with  many  occasions  to  see  the 
seats  of  empire  in  this  western  world,  and  had  never  omitted  occasions  to  see 
where  the  seats  of  empire  were  planted,  and  how  they  prospered.  I  had  visited 
the  capital  of  my  own  and  of  many  other  American  states.  I  had  regarded  with 
admiration  the  capital  of  this  great  republic,  in  whose  destinies,  in  common  with 
you  all,  I  feel  an  interest  which  can  never  die.  I  had  seen  the  capitals  of  the 
British  empire,  and  of  many  foreign  empires,  and  had  endeavored  to  study  for 
myself  the  principles  which  have  prevailed  in  the  foundation  of  states  and 
empires.  With  that  view  I  had  beheld  a  city  standing  where  a  migration  from 
the  Netherlands  planted  an  empire  on  the  bay  of  New  York,  at  Manhattan,  or 
perhaps  more  properly  at  Fort  Orange.  They  sought  to  plant  a  commercial 
empire,  and  they  did  not  fail ;  but  in  New  York  now,  although  they  celebrate  the 
memories  and  virtues  of  fatherland,  there  is  no  day  dedicated  to  the  colonization 
of  New  York  by  the  original  settlers,  the  immigrants  from  Holland.  I  have 
visited  Wilmington,  on  Christina  creek,  in  Delaware,  where  a  colony  was 
planted  by  the  Swedes,  about  the  time  of  the  settlement  of  Plymouth,  and 
though  the  old  church  built  by  the  colonists  still  stands  there,  I  learned  that  there 
did  not  remain  in  the  whole  state  a  family  capable  of  speaking  the  language,  or 
conscious  of  bearing  the  name  of  one  of  the  thirty-one  original  colonists. 

I  have  stood  on  the  spot  where  a  treaty  was  made  by  William  Penn  with  the 
aborigines  of  Pennsylvania,  where  a  seat  of  empire  was  estaolished  by  him,  and 
although  the  statue  of  the  good  man  stands  in  public  places,  and  his  memory 
remains  in  the  minds  of  men,  yet  there  is  no  day  set  apart  for  the  recollection  of 
the  time  and  occasion  when  civil  and  religious  liberty,  were  planted  in  that  state. 
I  went  still  further  south,  and  descending  the  James  river,  sought  the  first  colony 
of  Virginia  at  Jamestown.  There  remains  nothing  but  the  broken,  ruined  tower 
of  a  poor  church  built  of  brick,  in  which  Pocahontas  was  married,  and  over  the 
ruins  of  which  the  ivy  now  creeps.  Not  a  human  being,  bond  or  free,  is  to  be 
soen  within  the  circumference  of  a  mile  from  the  spot,  nor  a  town  or  city  as 
numerously  populated  as  Plymouth,  on  the  whole  shores  of  the  broad,  beautiful, 


THE   PILGRIMS   AND   PLYMOUTH   ROCK.  205 

majestic  river,  between  Richmond  at  the  head,  and  Norfolk,  where  arms  and  the 
government  have  established  fortifications.  Nowhere  else  in  America,  then,  was 
there  left  a  remembrance  by  the  descendants  of  the  founders  of  colonies,  of  the 
virtues,  the  sufferings,  the  bravery,  the  fidelity  to  truth  and  freedom  of  their 
ancestors;  and  more  painful  still,  nowhere  in  Europe  can  be  found  an  acknowledg 
ment  or  even  a  memory  of  these  colonists.  In  Holland,  in  Spain,  in  Great 
Britain,  in  France,  nowhere  is  there  to  be  found  any  remembrance  of  the  men 
they  sent  out  to  plant  liberty  on  this  continent.  So  on  the  way  to  the  Mississippi, 
I  saw  where  De  Soto  planted  the  standard  of  Spain,  and  in  imagination  at  least, 
I  followed  the  march  of  Cortez  in  Mexico,  and  Pizarro  in  Peru ;  but  their  memory 
has  gone  out.  Civil  liberty  perishes,  and  religious  liberty  was  never  known  in 
South  America,  nor  does  Spain,  any  more  than  other  lands,  retain  the  memory 
of  the  apostles  she  sent  out  to  convert  the  new  world  to  a  purer  faith,  and  raise 
the  hopes  of  mankind  for  the  well  being  of  the  future. 

There  was  one  only  place,  where  a  company  of  outcasts,  men  despised,  con 
temned,  reproached  as  malcontents,  and  fanatics,  had  planted  a  colony,  and  that 
colony  had  grown  and  flourished ;  and  there  had  never  been  a  day  since  it  was 
planted,  that  the  very  town,  and  shore  and  coast,  where  it  was  planted  had  not 
grown  and  spread  in  population,  wealth,  prosperity  and  happiness,  richer  and 
stronger  continually.  It  had  not  only  grown  and  flourished  like  a  vigorous  tree, 
rejoicing  in  its  own  strength,  but  had  sent  out  offshoots  in  all  directions.  Every 
where  the  descendants  of  these  colonists  were  found  engaged  in  the  struggles  for 
civil  and  religious  liberty,  and  the  rights  of  man.  I  had  found  them  by  my  side, 
the  champions  of  humanity,  upon  whose  stalwart  arms  I  might  safely  rely. 

I  came  here,  then,  because  the  occasion  offered,  and  if  I  pretermitted  this,  it 
might  be  the  last,  and  I  was  unwilling  that  any  friend  or  any  child,  who  might 
lean  upon  me,  who  reckoned  upon  my  counsel  or  advice,  should  know  that  I  had 
been  such  a  truant  to  the  cause  of  religious  liberty  and  humanity,  as  never  to  have 
seen  the  Rock  of  Plymouth. 

My  mission  being  now  accomplished,  having  shed  tears  in  the  first  church  of 
the  Puritans,  when  the  heartfelt  benediction  was  pronounced  over  my  unworthy 
head  by  that  venerable  pastor,  I  have  only  to  ask  that  I  be  dismissed  from  further 
service  with  your  kind  wishes.  I  will  hold  the  occasion  ever  dear  to  my  remem 
brance,  for  it  is  here  I  have  found  the  solution  of  the  great  political  problem. 
Like  Archimedes,  I  have  found  the  fulcrum  by  whose  aid  I  may  move  the  world 
— the  moral  world — and  that  fulcrum  is  Plymouth  Rock. 


DE  WITT  CLINTON.1 

DE  WITT  CLINTON,  son  of  James  Clinton  and  Mary  De  Witt,  was 
born  at  Little  Britain,  New  Windsor,  Orange  county,  in  the  colony 
of  New  York,  on  the  second  day  of  March,  1769.  His  descent  on 
the  father's  side  was  from  English  ancestors  long  domiciled  in  Ireland, 
and  on  the  mother's  side  was  of  French  extraction,  through  a  sojourn 
of  the  family  of  some  duration  in  Holland.  While  yet  young,  he 
intermarried  with  Maria  Franklin,  who  brought  him  a  liberal  fortune, 
and  who  died  in  1818.  In  the  succeeding  year  he  was  married,  to 
Catharine  Jones,  who  survived  him.  He  had  a  commanding  stature, 
highly  intellectual  features,  and  a  graceful  form,  set  off  with  severe 
arid  dignified  manners.  He  combined,  in  a  rare  degree,  vigor,  versa 
tility  and  comprehensiveness  of  mind  with  untiring  perseverance  in 
the  exercise  of  a  lofty  and  unconcealed  ambition.  His  ancestors,  so 
far  as  they  are  known  to  us,  were  brave,  cultivated  and  enterprising 
men.  His  father,  General  James  Clinton,  and  his  uncle,  Governor 
George  Clinton,  mingled  in  their  respective  characters  the  opposite 
elements  of  civil  conduct  and  military  command,  and  throughout 
the  American  Eevolution  the  latter  was  the  chief  popular  figure 
of  the  state  of  New  York.  De  Witt  Clinton's  education,  begun  in 
a  grammar  school  near  his  home,  continued  at  the  academy  in 
Kingston,  Ulster  county,  and  completed  at  Columbia  College,  in  the 
city  of  New  York,  was  conducted  with  great  care  by  very  learned 
preceptors.  He  bore  away  the  college  honors  in  1786,  and  immedi 
ately  engaged  in  the  study  of  the  law  under  the  instruction  of  Samuel 
Jones  in  the  city  of  New  York.  He  was  admitted  to  the  bar  in 
1788.  Political  affairs  at  that  time  absorbed  the  public  attention. 
The  city  of  New  York,  a  second  rate  mercantile  and  practically  a 
provincial  town,  already  felt,  though  it  did  not  understand,  the  social 
impulses  which  were  to  push  it  forward  so  soon  to  become  the  cap 
ital  city  of  America.  The  state  of  New  York,  a  third  rate  political 

1  A  portion  of  this  biography  appears  in  the  New  American  Cyclopedia. 


DE  WITT   CLINTON.  207 

power,  with  a  population  confined  to  the  shores  of  its  few  and  short 
navigable  rivers,  undistinguished  by  either  culture  or  enterprise,  and 
embarrassed  by  African  slavery,  was  undergoing  the  necessary 
preparation  for  that  struggle  with  the  moral  and  physical  resistances 
which  was  at  no  distant  day  to  be  crowned  with  its  inauguration  as 
the  leading  state  in  the  new  Federal  Union.  The  United  States 
had  achieved  legal  independence  of  Great  Britain,  and  were  per 
plexed  with  the  responsibility  of  adopting  an  untried  and  purely 
experimental  structure  of  government  under  which  to  contest  by  legis 
lation,  by  diplomacy,  and  even  by  war,  for  that  real  commercial  inde 
pendence  and  that  practical  political  independence  which  the  European 
states  pertinaciously  refused  to  them.  Until  that  time  the  several 
states  had  been  supreme,  and  their  statesmen  had  exercised  control, 
while  the  confederation  was  subordinate  and  its  agents  powerless. 
Centralization  was  now  to  begin,  and  ultimately  was  to  reverse  these 
relations.  The  new  federal  government  was  to  enter  the  states, 
modifying  the  action  of  the  respective  forces,  and  they  were  to 
struggle  as  they  might  for  the  maintenance  and  preservation  of  re 
served  rights  of  sovereignty  which  were  indispensable.  The  equality 
and  sovereignty  of  the  people  were  now  newly  and  practically  estab 
lished,  and  the  arena  of  public  service  open  to  all  competitors.  George 
Clinton  differed  from  Hamilton,  Jay  and  Schuyler  concerning  the 
merits  of  the  federal  constitution,  and  gave  to  its  adoption  only  a 
reluctant  and  distrustful  support.  The  temper  of  the  time  was  un 
charitable.  His  confessed  integrity,  heroic  services  and  practical 
wisdom,  were  held  by  the  friends  of  the  new  system  insufficient  to 
excuse  this  error,  nor  could  he  on  his  part  accord  his  confidence  to 
those  of  his  compatriots  who  he  thought  were  rashly  subverting 
necessary  foundations  of  public  liberty.  Holding  the  office  of  gov 
ernor,  which  then  was  a  station  of  the  greatest  dignity  and  influence, 
he  became  at  once  the  head  of  the  republican  or  anti-federal  party 
within  the  state,  and  was  immediately  engaged  in  a  contest  which 
involved  all  the  stakes  of  a  generous  and  noble  ambition.  Numbers 
were  on  his  side,  but  talents  and  the  influences  which  favored  the 
new  federal  government  were  against  him.  De  Witt  Clinton's  ardent 
temper  and  earnest  ambition  carried  him  at  once  into  the  political 
field,  and  his  sentiments,  sympathies  and  affections  determined  his 
position  under  the  banner  of  his  kinsman,  the  chief  within  the  state 
of  the  republican  party.  While  the  question  of  the  adoption  of  the 


208  A   BIOGRAPHY. 

federal  constitution  was  yet  a  subject  of  popular  discussion,  he 
proved  his  zeal  and  controversial  power  by  writing  a  series  of  let 
ters  signed  "A  Countryman,"  in  reply  to  the  celebrated  letters  of 
the  "Federalist."  He  attended  the  state  convention  which  adopted 
the  constitution  and  reported  its  interesting  debates  for  the  press, 
and  forsaking  his  profession  at  once  and  forever,  he  became  the  pri 
vate  secretary  of  George  Clinton,  the  governor  of  New  York.  In 
this  position  he  maintained  the  cause  of  his  kinsman,  and  that  of 
the  republic,  by  such  a  vigorous  use  of  the  press  that  he  immedi 
ately  came  to  be  regarded  as  its  leading  and  most  prominent  champion. 
Thus  early,  he  established  that  character  of  a  partisan  politician 
which  he  maintained  ever  afterward.  But  the  official  position  which 
he  held,  though  humble,  afforded  him  an  opportunity  to  devote 
himself  to  measures  and  policies  important  to  the  public  safety  and 
welfare,  and  the  spirit  with  which  he  engaged  in  duties  of  that  kind 
procured  for  him  two  other  appointments,  one  of  secretary  of  the 
newly  organized  board  of  regents  of  the  university,  and  the  other 
of  secretary  of  the  board  of  commissioners  of  fortifications  of  the 
state.  So  it  happened,  that  he  laid  in  the  beginning  of  his  public 
life  the  foundations  of  that  superstructure  of  useful  service  which 
constitutes  the  enduring  monument  of  his  fame. 

George  Clinton  was  continued  in  the  office  of  governor  by  repeated 
elections;  but  the  federal  party  continually  gained  ground,  and  in 
1792  a  decided  majority  of  votes  were  cast  for  John  Jay,  its  candi 
date  for  that  office.  The  returns,  however,  were  held  defective  in 
form,  and  the  credentials  were  given  once  more  to  George  Clin 
ton.  It  was  manifest,  in  1795,  that  the  federalists  must  prevail. 
George  Clinton  voluntarily  retired,  and  Mr.  Jay  was  chosen  his 
successor.  De  Witt  Clinton  relinquished  his  offices,  but  did  not 
relax  his  championship  of  the  republican  cause,  in  opposition  to 
the  administration  of  Mr.  Jay  in  the  state,  and  to  the  administration 
of  John  Adams  at  Washington.  His  opponents  insisted  then,  as 
they  did  ever  afterward,  that  he  conducted  political  controversies 
with  rancor  and  bitterness.  Doubtlessly  his  language  was  often  vehe 
ment  and  criminatory,  and  an  aggressive  personality  marks  his 
papers,  which,  if  used  at  this  day,  would  be  universally  condemned, 
and  would  detract  from  an  otherwise  just  effect.  But  Junius  was  the 
model  adopted  by  nearly  all  political  writers  at  that  period,  and 
scarcely  any  controversy  was  conducted,  on  either  political  or  eccle 


DE   WITT   CLINTON.  209 

siastical  questions,  without  the  mutual  use  of  unsparing  invectives. 
We  can,  therefore,  judge  but  very  imperfectly  of  the  relative 
demerits  of  Mr.  Clinton  in  this  respect.  With  all  his  vehemence  of 
partizan  feelings,  however,  he  nevertheless  adhered  to  the  line  of  patri 
otic  conduct  he  had  so  early  marked  out  for  himself.  Thus,  while 
assailing  the  administration  of  Mr.  Adams  and  the  federalists  for 
their  alleged  hostility  toward  France,  he  raised,  equipped,  commanded 
and  disciplined  an  artillery  company,  which  was  held  in  readiness 
for  the  defense  of  the  country  in  the  event  of  the  occurrence  of  war 
then  so  generally  anticipated.  Besides  these  occupations,  he  applied 
himself  diligently  to  the  studies  of  natural  philosophy,  natural 
history  and  other  sciences.  His  adversaries  were  accustomed,  then 
and  afterward,  to  disparage  his  acquisitions  as  superficial  and  pre 
tentious  ;  but  a  candid  examination  of  his  writings  will  induce  us  to 
concede,  what  then  was  claimed  by  his  friends,  that  his  proficiency 
was  such  as  to  qualify  him  for  the  chair  of  a  professor  in  many 
departments  of  academic  knowledge.  Truly  learned  men  always 
cheerfully  conceded  to  him  distinguished  merit. 

The  republican  party  grew  rapidly  in  the  state  and  in  the  country, 
under  the  embarrassed  and  unpopular  administration  of  John  Adams. 
Mr.  Clinton  was  sent  to  the  assembly,  the  lower  house  of  the  legis 
lature  of  New  York,  by  the  city  of  New  York,  in  1797,  and  in  the 
next  year  he  was  chosen  by  the  electors  of  the  southern  district  to 
represent  them  in  the  senate  of  the  state  for  a  term  of  four  years. 
The  republican  party  triumphing  in  the  Union  in  1800,  carried  also 
a  majority  in  the  state  of  New  York,  although  John  Jay  still 
remained  in  office.  Official  patronage  in  the  state  was  by  its  first 
constitution  committed  to  the  governor,  together  with  a  council  con 
sisting  of  one  senator  from  each  district,  chosen  by  a  vote  of  the 
house  of  assembly.  The  governor  presided  in  the  council,  and 
habitually  exercised  exclusively  the  right  of  nomination,  leaving 
only  to  the  council  the  power  to  confirm  or  reject.  During  the 
administration  of  Greorge  Clinton,  his  opponents,  when  in  a  majority 
in  the  council,  had  claimed  for  each  member  a  right  of  nomination 
coordinate  with  that  of  the  governor ;  but  the  pretension  was  dis 
allowed  by  governor  Clinton,  and  the  original  practice  remained.  De 
Witt  Clinton,  in  1801,  became  a  member  of  the  council,  backed  by 
a  republican  majority.  He  now  challenged  the  right  of  nomination 
for  himself  and  his  associates.  The  governor  denied  it,  and 

VOL.  IV.  27 


210  A  BIOGKAPHY. 

adjourned  the  council,  and  never  afterward  reconvened  it.  He 
submitted  the  subject  to  the  legislature,  and  appealed  to  that  body 
for  a  declaratory  law.  Mr.  Clinton  vigorously  defended  the  position 
assumed  by  him  in  the  council.  The  legislature  referred  the  matter 
to  a  convention  of  the  people.  The  republican  party  predominated 
in  that  body,  and  the  constitution  was  amended  so  as  to  effect  the 
object  at  which  Mr.  Clinton  had  aimed.  It  can  hardly  be  denied 
that  on  the  question  of  construction  of  the  constitution,  as  it  origi 
nally  stood,  the  position  of  Mr.  Clinton  was  untenable.  Experience 
proved  that  the  innovation  was  unwise.  The  spirit  of  party  had 
now  become  intense,  it  must  be  believed,  in  charity  to  both  parties, 
that  each  sincerely,  though  erroneously,  doubted  the  loyalty  of  the 
other  to  institutions  yet  new,  and  to  a  form  of  government  the  ulti 
mate  stability  of  which  was  still  deemed  uncertain.  Proscription 
was  a  natural  result  of  this  diseased  condition  of  the  public  mind. 
It  broke  forth  suddenly,  and  became  violent  and  undiscriminating. 
Thenceforth  every  change  of  public  opinion  in  the  state  was  followed 
by  removal  of  all  public  officers  not  protected  by  the  constitution 
and  laws.  The  temper  of  political  debate  became  more  than  ever 
acrimonious.  Cupidity  and  ambition  became  bold  and  exacting, 
Parties  divided  into  personal  factions,  and  then  again  centered  into 
new  and  disquieting  forms  of  recombination.  It  was  then  that  the 
names  of  factions  and  parties  became  confused  and  unmeaning ;  the 
politics  of  the  state  became  a  mystery  to  observers  beyond  its  limits, 
and  acquired  proverbially  the  characteristics  of  intrigue  and  violence. 
Perhaps  it  is  true  that  De  Witt  Clinton  was  justly  responsible,  in 
a  considerable  degree,  for  the  inauguration  of  this  reign  of  license,  as 
his  opponents  always  contended.  But,  if  we  judge  the  parties  and 
the  men  of  that  day  by  the  test  of  general  principles,  or  even  if  we 
allow  them  the  consideration  of  the  characters  which  they  ultimately 
maintained,  we  must  conclude  that  the  faults  and  errors  which  thus 
brought  reproach  upon  them  all  was  found  exclusively  on  the  side 
of  no  individual,  nor  of  any  one  party  or  faction,  but  were,  in  some 
sense,  incidents  of  the  times  and  of  a  peculiar  stage  of  republican 
society.  However  this  may  be,  it  is  certain  that  Mr.  Clinton,  at 
the  same  time,  acted,  well  and  nobly,  a  higher  and  more  patriotic 
part,  aside  from  the  partisan  transactions  in  which  he  was  thus  en 
gaged.  It  was  a  season  of  apprehended  invasion.  He  was  active 
and  efficient  in  securing  the  means  of  public  defense.  The  public 


DE  WITT   CLINTON.  211 

health  was  continually  threatened  by  the  approach  of  contagious 
pestilence.  He  was  unremitting  and  judicious  in  providing  the 
necessary  sanitary  laws  and  institutions.  He  urged  improvements 
of  the  laws  favorable  to  agriculture,  manufactures,  and  the  arts; 
labored  to  stimulate  the  great  and  finally  successful  efforts  of  the 
time  to  bring  steam  into  use  as  an  agent  of  navigation ;  and  employed 
all  his  talents  and  influence  in  meliorating  the  evils  of  imprisonment 
for  debt,  and  in  abolishing  slavery.  At  the  very  early  age  of  thirty- 
three,  his  term  of  brilliant  service  in  the  senate  of  the  state  was 
crowned  by  his  appointment  to  a  seat  in  the  senate  of  the  United 
States.  He  remained  in  that  body  throughout  two  of  its  annual 
sessions.  The  period,  though  short,  sufficed  to  enable  him  to  impress 
upon  the  country  a  conviction  of  his  great  ability,  and  to  augment 
as  well  as  enlarge  the  sphere  of  his  already  eminent  reputation.  His 
principal  achievement  there  was  an  elaborate,  exhaustive  and  im 
pressive  speech  in  favor  of  moderation  on  the  occasion  of  a  high 
popular  excitement  against  Spain,  resulting  from  her  violation  of 
treaty  stipulations  for  commercial  privileges  to  the  citizens  of  the 
United  States  on  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi — the  territory  of  Lou 
isiana  not  yet  having  been  acquired  by  the  United  States. 

Mr.  Clinton  resigned  his  place  in  the  senate  of  the  United  States,  to 
assume  the  office  of  mayor  of  the  city  of  New  York,  under  an  appoint 
ment  made  by  George  Clinton  and  a  republican  council  of  appoint 
ment  in  1803 — that  distinguished  man  having  now  again  been  elevated 
to  the  office  of  governor  of  the  state.  The  mayoralty  was  attractive 
to  Mr.  Clinton,  because,  under  the  charter  of  the  city,  the  powers  and 
duties  belonging  to  it  were  manifold ;  its  responsibilities,  in  that  period 
of  perplexity  in  the  foreign  relations  of  the  country,  were  great,  its 
patronage  not  inconsiderable,  and  its  emoluments  large.  Nor  is  it  to  be 
doubted  that,  in  the  confused  condition  of  the  domestic  politics  of  the 
state,  when  rivalries,  dangerous  to  his  distinguished  kinsman  and  him 
self,  were  manifesting  themselves  in  many  ways,  it  was  thought  impor 
tant  that  he  should  be  at  home  to  defend  and  protect  personal  interests 
thus  exposed.  Nevertheless,  it  was  a  misfortune  to  Mr.  Clinton  to 
break  up  a  relation  so  grave  as  that  of  a  senator  in  congress  to  his 
constituency,  so  suddenly,  and  upon  considerations  of  personal  advan 
tage.  Nor  can  it  be  doubted  now,  that,  having  regard  to  merely  indi 
vidual  interests,  the  change  thus  made,  from  the  higher  and  more 
distant  national  theatre  to  the  lower  and  nearer  municipal  one,  filled 


212  A   BIOGKAPHY. 

as  it  was  with  angry  and  jealous  contentions,  was  a  great  error.  He 
held  the  mayoralty  by  the  precarious  tenure  of  appointment,  liable 
to  removal  with  every  revolution  of  the  political  wheel  within  the 
state.  He  remained  undisturbed  in  it  from  1803  until  1807,  when 
he  was  removed.  He  was  reappointed  in  1809 ;  was  displaced 
in  1810;  was  restored  in  1811  ;  and  thenceforward  continued 
therein  until  1815.  Within  this  period  of  nearly  twelve  years, 
Mr.  Ciinton  was  also  a  member  of  the  senate  of  the  state  from  1805 
until  1811,  and  was  lieutenant-governor  from  1811  to  1813,  and  du 
ring  a  portion  of  that  time  also  held  a  seat  in  the  council  of  appoint 
ment.  These  changes  of  office  worked  no  change  in  his  character, 
and  were  attended  by  no  divergence  on  his  part  from  his  line  of 
conduct  already  sharply  defined. 

George  Clinton,  who  had  been  known  as  an  aspirant  to  the  presi 
dency  for  many  years,  was  elected  vice-president  of  the  United  States 
in  1804,  and  soon  thereafter,  by  reason  of  his  advanced  years,  ceased 
to  be  conspicuous.  De  Witt  Clinton,  by  an  easy  transition,  rose  to 
the  same  eminent  consideration  which  his  kinsman  had  held,  and 
came  to  be  regarded  as  the  foremost  candidate  of  the  republican 
party  within  the  state  of  New  York  for  the  office  which  bounds  the 
range  of  ambition  in  our  country.  Not  at  all  abating  either  his  per 
sonal  activity  or  his  prescriptive  severity  toward  others,  he  encoun 
tered  at  their  hands  hostility  and  retaliation,  fierce,  violent  and 
apparently  relentless.  A  dangerous  rival  disappeared  when  Aaron 
Burr  sank  under  the  suspicion  of  intrigues  against  Mr.  Jefferson  in 
the  election  of  1800,  and  the  reproaches  of  malice  aforethought  in 
the  duel  in  which  the  honored  Hamilton  had  fallen  by  his  hand  in 
1804;  but  Mr.  Clinton  was  successively  brought  into  an  attitude  of 
distrust  toward  Lewis  and  Tompkins,  the  successors  of  George  Clin 
ton  in  the  office  of  governor.  He  was  all  the  time  obnoxious  to  the 
federal  administration  at  Washington,  because  first  the  ambition  of 
his  uncle,  George  Clinton,  and  then  his  own,  were  inconvenient  to 
the  Virginia  presidents,  Jefferson  and  Madison,  He,  however,  hesi 
tated  at  first,  and  probably  on  considerations  of  a  public  nature,  to 
approve  the  system  of  commercial  restrictions  adopted  by  the  former, 
as  he  questioned,  perhaps  not  unjustly,  the  wisdom  of  the  course  of 
the  latter  in  the  trying  hour  which  preceded  the  declaration  of  war 
against  Great  Britain,  while  no  real  provision  had  as  yet  been  made 
for  the  public  defense,  much  less  any  adequate  means  prepared  for 


DE   WITT   CLINTON.  213 

aggression.  It  is  beyond  all  doubt  now,  that  Mr.  Clinton  was  emi 
nently  brave,  and  that  he  loved  his  country  with  a  devotion  that 
knew  no  hesitation  when  her  safety  or  welfare  required  sacrifice  at 
his  hands.  Indeed,  in  every  period  of  anxiety,  and  at  every  stage 
of  the  long  controversy  between  the  United  States  and  the  great 
powers  of  western  Europe,  he  was  vigorous,  untiring  and  bold,  and 
having  due  regard  to  the  opportunities  for  efficiency  which  his 
position  afforded,  he  was  as  effective  as  any  other  patriot  in  the  pub 
lic  service.  But  there  was  at  that  time  a  portion  of  the  federal  party 
which  condemned  the  measures  of  the  government  so  severely  that 
their  own  loyalty  to  the  country  was  not  unnaturally  questioned,  and 
their  conduct,  whatever  was  their  motive,  had  a  tendency  to  encou 
rage  the  public  enemy,  and  so  to  embarrass  the  administration  in  a 
crisis  when  it  had  a  right  to  demand  the  energetic  support  of  all 
parties.  This  misconduct  brought  suspicion  on  the  whole  federal 
party,  although,  as  a  mass,  it  was  loyal  and  patriotic,  and  it  suited 
the  purposes  of  Mr.  Clinton's  opponents  to  impute  his  hesitation  and 
reserve  manifested  on  the  occasions  which  have  been  mentioned,  to 
the  influence  of  sympathies  with  the  misguided  federalists, which  were 
forbidden  equally  by  his  relations  to  the  republican  party  and  a  just 
sense  of  the  real  danger  of  the  country.  Day  by  day,  therefore,  old  re 
publican  associates  and  followers  separated  from  him,  and  intheirplaces 
federalists,  who  saw  that  there  was  no  longer  any  hope  of  effectually 
serving  their  country  under  their  own  dilapidated  organization,  and 
who  believed  him  as  patriotic  as  the  statesmen  who  were  in  power, 
and  much  wiser  than  they,  lent  him  indirectly  their  sympathy 
and  cautious  support.  It  was  in  this  unlucky  conjuncture  that  Mr. 
Clinton,  whose  aspirations  to  the  presidency  of  the  United  States 
had  long  been  known,  concluded  that  the  time  had  arrived  when 
they  ought  to  be  and  could  be  realized.  Mr.  Madison's  first  term 
was  to  expire  in  1813,  and  his  successor  was  to  be  elected  in  1812. 
The  republican  caucus  at  Washington,  which  then  was  the  recog 
nized  nominating  body,  disallowed  Mr.  Clinton's  pretensions,  and 
renominated  Mr.  Madison.  Mr.  Clinton  still  retained  the  confidence 
of  the  republican  party  in  his  own  state  as  an  organized  political 
force,  though  it  was  sadly  demoralized.  He  received  a  nomination 
at  the  hands  of  the  republican  members  of  the  legislature.  The 
federalists  made  no  nomination,  and  indirectly  gave  him  their  support. 
He  received  eighty-nine  electoral  votes,  while  Mr.  Madison  took  one 


214  A   BIOGKAPHF. 

hundred  and  twenty-eight  votes,  and  thus  was  reflected.  This  de 
feat  was  disastrous  to  Mr.  Clinton.  The  war  which,  pending  the 
canvass,  had  been  declared  against  Great  Britain,  was  deemed  a  repub 
lican  measure,  and  its  successful  issue  was  of  vital  importance  to 
the  country.  Mr.  Clinton's  attitude  was  regarded  as  that  of  an  oppo 
nent  of  the  war  policy,  and  of  course  as  a  sympathizer  with  the 
public  enemy.  The  republican  party  of  the  state  of  New  York 
shrunk  from  his  side,  and  at  the  first  opportunity,  in  1813,  displaced 
him  from  his  office  of  lieutenant-governor,  leaving  him  only  the  may 
oralty  of  the  city  of  New  York,  and  even  this  relatively  inferior  posi 
tion  was  soon  afterward  to  be  taken  away.  He  seemed  not  only  to 
have  been  convicted  of  betraying  his  own  party  when  holding  a 
high  command  in  it,  to  its  adversary,  in  a  crisis  when  its  safety  was 
identified  with  that  of  the  country  for  his  own  advantage,  but  also  of 
being  unsuccessful  in  the  treason.  But  in  fact  Mr.  Clinton  had  changed 
not  his  principles,  policies  or  sympathies,  but  only  his  personal  rela 
tions.  He  had  attempted  to  gain  the  presidency,  not  to  overthrow  the 
republican  party,  but  to  reestablish  it  as  he  thought  on  a  better 
foundation ;  not  to  favor  the  public  enemy,  but  to  prosecute  the  war 
against  him,  as  he  thought,  with  greater  vigor  and  effect ;  not  to 
betray  his  country,  but  to  make  assurance  of  her  safety  doubly  sure. 
He  had  erred  in  judgment,  and  the  result  was  a  complexity  of 
relations  that  seemed  to  render  all  further  ambition  hopeless.  He 
was  a  republican  disowned  by  his  party  ;  and  though  not  a  federal 
ist,  he  was  held  responsible  for  all  the  offenses  imputed  to  them, 
without  having  their  confidence,  or  even  enjoying  their  sympa 
thy.  His  fall  seemed  irretrievable.  Nevertheless,  Mr.  Clinton  had 
been  fortunate  during  the  period  which  we  have  been  reviewing, 
in  laying  broad  and  deep  the  foundations  of  a  popularity  thatr 
at  no  distant  day,  might  be  made  to  maintain  a  personal  party,  which 
would  long  perplex  and  often  confound  the  adversaries  who  now 
exulted  over  what  was  thought  his  final  ruin. 

The  city  of  New  York  had  now  begun  to  feel  the  beneficial  in 
fluence  of  the  centralization  of  commerce  at  its  wharves,  under  the 
operation  of  the  federal  constitution,  and  public  spirit  was  pro 
foundly  awakened.  The  deficiencies  of  its  municipal  laws,  of  its 
defenses,  of  its  scientific  and  literary  institutions,  of  its  institutions 
of  arts,  and  the  absence  of  most  of  the  elements  of  a  metropolitan 
character,  were  generally  felt  and  confessed.  Enlightened,  liberal 


DE   WITT   CLINTON.  215 

and  active  men  were  moving  in  a  hundred  ways  to  make  the  city 
worthy  of  its  high,  but  newly  discovered  destiny.  Only  some  high, 
genial  and  comprehensive  mind  was  wanted  to  give  steadiness  and 
direction  to  these  noble  movements.  De  Witt  Clinton  supplied  this 
want.  He  associated  himself  on  equal  terms  with  other  citizens 
who  engaged  in  the  establishment  of  schools,  designed  to  afford  the 
advantages  of  universal  primary  education ;  with  others  who  founded 
institutions  for  the  study  of  history,  for  improvement  in  art,  for 
melioration  of  criminal  laws,  for  the  encouragement  of  agriculture, 
for  the  establishment  of  manufactures,  for  the  relief  of  all  the  forms 
of  suffering  so  fearfully  developed  in  a  state  of  high  civilization,  for 
the  correction  of  vice,  for  the  improvement  of  morals,  and  for  the 
advancement  of  religion.  In  all  these  associations  he  subjugated 
his  ambition,  and  seemed  not  a  leader  but  a  follower  of  those  who 
by  their  exclusive  devotion  were  entitled  to  precedence.  They  de 
rived  from  him,  however,  not  only  liberal  contributions  by  his  pen, 
by  his  speech  and  from  his  purse ;  but  also  the  aids  of  his  already 
wide  and  potential  influence,  and  the  sanctions  of  his  official  station 
and  character.  He  carried  the  same  liberal  and  humane  spirit  into 
his  administration  as  chief  magistrate  of  the  city.  By  virtue  of  that 
office,  he  was  not  only  the  head  of  the  police,  charged  with  the 
responsibilities  of  preserving  order  and  guarding  the  city  from  ex 
ternal  dangers,  but  he  was  at  once  a  member  and  president  of  the 
municipal  council,  a  member  and  president  of  the  board  of  health, 
a  member  and  president  of  the  court  of  common  pleas,  and  a  mem 
ber  and  president  of  the  criminal  court.  He  appeared  in  all  these 
various  characters  always  firm,  dignified,  intelligent  and  prepared  in 
every  exigency,  the  friend  of  the  poor,  the  defender  of  the  exile, 
the  guardian  of  the  public  health,  the  scourge  of  disorder,  the  aven 
ger  of  crime,  the  advocate  of  civil  and  religious  liberty,  and  the 
patron  of  knowledge  and  virtue.  As  a  member  of  the  senate  of 
the  state  and  lieutenant-governor  he  exercised  the  functions  not  only 
of  a  legislator,  but  also  of  a  judge  of  the  court  of  dernier  resort,  and 
amid  all  the  intrigues  and  distractions  of  party  he  bore  himself  in 
those  high  places  with  the  dignity  and  exercised  the  spirit  of  a 
sagacious,  far-seeing,  and  benevolent  statesman. 

He  not  only  favored,. but  led  in  correcting  abuses,  reforming  errors, 
simplifying  and  meliorating  laws,  laying  the  foundation  of  univer 
sal  education,  and  of  enduring  systems  of  public  charity,  and 


216  A   BIOGRAPHY. 

removing  as  fast  as  possible  the  yet  lingering  remains  of  slavery. 
Especially,  he  corrected  the  popular  prejudice  against  himself  in  re 
gard  to  his  loyalty,  by  the  utmost  liberality  and  efficiency  both  as 
mayor  and  legislator,  in  securing  adequate  means  for  public  defense, 
by  procuring  loans  to  the  government,  by  voting  supplies  of  mate 
rials  and  men,  and  by  soliciting  the  military  command  to  which  his 
admitted  courage,  talent  and  influence  seemed  to  entitle  him.  But 
beyond  all  this  he  adopted  early  and  supported  ably  and  efficiently 
the  policy  of  the  construction  of  canals  from  lake  Erie  and  lake 
Champlain  to  the  tide  water  of  the  Hudson,  and  showed  to  his  fellow 
citizens,  with  what  seemed  a  spirit  of  prophecy,  the  benefits  which 
would  result  from  those  works  to  the  city,  the  state  and  the  whole 
country  in  regard  to  defence,  to  commerce,  to  increase  of  wealth  and 
population  and  to  the  stability  of  the  Union.  He  was  so  successful 
in  this  that  he.  was  deputed,  with  others,  in  the  year  1812,  by  the 
legislature  of  the  state,  to  submit  that  great  project  to  the  federal 
government  at  Washington,  and  solicit  its  adoption  or  patronage  of 
the  policy  as  a  national  measure.  That  government,  happily  for  the 
state,  and  fortunately  for  him,  declined,  and  the  occurrence  of  the 
war  of  1812,  with  its  dangers  and  exactions,  put  the  subject  to  rest 
to  be  revived  at  a  more  propitious  season.  The  intellectual  vigor, 
the  impartial  spirit,  and  the  energetic  resolution  which  Mr.  Clinton 
displayed  in  these  various  duties  awakened  profound  and  general 
admiration,  while  the  manifest  beneficence  of  his  system  excited 
enthusiastic  desires  for  material  and  moral  progress  throughout  the 
state.  He  had  thus  become  identified,  even  in  the  darkest  hour  of 
his  political  day,  with  the  hopes  and  ambition  of  his  native  state,  and 
with  the  hopes  and  ambitions  of  all  the  other  states  which  waited  to 
be  benefited  directly  by  her  movement,  or  to  emulate  her  example. 
He  had  thus  won  a  fame  which  extended  beyond  this  state,  through 
out  other  states,  and  even  reached  foreign  lands.  While  sinking  out 
of  view  as  a  political  character,  not  only  in  the  Union,  but  even  in 
the  state  of  New  York,  De  Witt  Clinton,  the  private  citizen,  was 
more  honored  than  the  chief  magistrate  of  the  city ;  De  Witt  Clinton, 
the  mayor  of  New  York,  eclipsed  the  chief  magistrate  of  the  state ; 
and  De  Witt  Clinton,  the  state  senator,  filled  a  space  in  the  public 
respect  which  the  chief  magistrate  of  the  United  States  might  well 
envy.  By  a  system  chosen  and  perfected  by  himself  and  exclusively 
his  own,  he  had  gained  a  moral  position  similar  to  and  equal  to  that 


DE   WITT   CLINTON.  217 

which  Hamilton  had  won  before  him  when  the  tide  of  popular  favor 
having  deserted  him  and  left  him  destitute  of  power  and  influence 
he  still  stood  forth  an  isolated  figure  on  the  canvass,  attracting  an 
admiration  and  exciting  an  interest  which  his  successful  rivals  feared 
to  contemplate.  But  it  was  not  for  Mr.  Clinton  to  reascend  the 
political  ladder  until  he  had  released  his  hold  on  the  lowest  step  and 
had  once  more  touched  the  ground.  His  opponents  made  haste  to 
dislodge  him  from  that  last  foothold.  In  January,  1815,  he  was 
removed  from  the  mayoralty  by  a  council  of  appointment  in  the 
interest  of  the  republican  party. 

Fortune  had  gone  with  greatness,  and  he  sunk  into  private  life 
without  even  the  means  of  respectable  subsistence.  The  severity  of 
this  proscription,  coupled  with  the  greatness  of  his  fall  and  the  ma 
jesty  of  his  character,  awakened  regrets  and  sympathies  among  large 
classes,  who  did  not  stop  to  consider  how  rashly  he  had  tempted  for 
tune,  or  how  ruthlessly  he  had  wielded  the  ax  against  those  who 
had  now  precipitated  him  to  the  ground.  Peace  had  now  returned, 
and,  with  it,  the  aspirations  for  civil  progress  which  war  had  for  a 
short  time  suppressed.  In  the  autumn  of  that  year,  and  in  the  ob 
scurity  of  a  retreat  to  the  country,  he  prepared  an  argument  in  favor 
of  the  immediate  construction  of  the  Erie  and  Champlain  canals — 
demonstrating  their  feasibility,  the  ability  of  the  state  to  construct 
them,  their  certain  reimbursement  of  the  cost,  their  utility  and  indis- 
pensableness  as  means  of  natural  defense,  and  their  efficiency  in  open 
ing  the  western  portions  of  the  state  to  civilization  and  culture,  and 
containing  a  glowing  but  just  exposition  of  the  impulse  they  would 
give  to  the  growth  of  the  city  of  New  York  and  to  the  aggrandizement 
of  the  state,  as  well  as  the  advantages  which  that  immense  extension  of 
the  internal  navigation  of  the  country  would  confer  on  the  whole 
nation,  by  leading  to  a  development  of  its  yet  unproductive  resources, 
and  by  cementing  the  bonds  of  the  American  Union.  Never  has  there 
appeared,  in  this  or  perhaps  any  other  country,  a  state  paper,  at  once 
so  vigorous,  so  genial,  so  comprehensive,  and  so  conclusive.  It  was 
couched  in  the  form  of  a  memorial  from  the  citizens  of  New  York 
to  the  legislature  of  the  state,  and  was  deferentially  submitted  to  a 
public  meeting  for  their  adoption.  As  yet,  nations  and  communities, 
by  the  action  of  the  people,  had  only  sought  aggrandizement  by  wars 
and  conquests.  The  people  of  this  country  had  had  some  experience 
of  this  svstem  of  aggrandizement,  and  were  heartily  tired  of  it.  But 

VOL.  IV.  28 


218  A  BIOGRAPHY. 

the  enterprise  of  material  improvement  was  new  to  them,  and  full 
of  benignant  promise.  If  dangers  attended  it,  they  were  unforeseen 
and  unconceived.  The  stroke  was  electrical.  The  city  adopted  the 
memorial,  and  appealed  to  the  citizens  of  the  interior  portions  of  the 
state.  They  responded  with  enthusiasm.  Other  states  and  territo 
ries,  expecting  either  direct  benefit,  or  waiting  only  to  follow  the  lead 
of  a  power  so  respectable  as  New  York  in  similar  enterprises,  lent 
their  approving  and  encouraging  voices.  The  policy  was,  from  that 
moment,  certain  of  success.  It  was  hindered  only  by  the  political 
prejudices  which  hung  around  its  advocate.  His  opponents  called 
these  prejudices  into  new  activity.  With  short-sighted  malice,  they 
affected  to  consider  the  attractive  scheme  as  not  merely  a  new  resort 
of  a  ruined  politician,  but  as  one  original  with  and  devised  by  him 
self — impracticable,  absurd,  and  visionary — although,  for  more  than 
a  hundred  years,  sagacious  and  enlightened  statesmen,  connected  with 
che  affairs  of  the  colony  and  of  the  state  of  New  York,  had,  with 
various  degrees  of  distinctness,  indicated  and  commended  the  obnox 
ious  policy,  and  the  state  itself  had,  at  an  early  day,  made  demonstra 
tions  toward  its  adoption  ~by  improving  some  parts  of  its  natural 
channels,  and  had  recommended  the  whole  enterprise,  before  the  war, 
to  the  adoption  of  the  federal  government.  Mr.  Clinton,  if  left  to 
designate  for  his  adversaries  their  mode  of  opposition,  could  have 
preferred  no  other.  It  presented  him  as  not  merelv  the  advocate, 
but  even  the  inventor  of  the  system  whose  prospective  benefits  were 
already  triumphantly  demonstrated.  His  personality  thus  stamped 
upon  it,  he  must  necessarily  rise  with  it  into  popular  favor.  Mr. 
Clinton  appeared  at  Albany,  at  the  assembling  of  the  legislature,  to 
commend  it.  The  governor — the  organ  of  the  republican  party  — 
was  silent  on  the  subject.  The  republican  legislature  rendered  it 
just  enough  of  favor  to  encourage  and  strengthen  Mr.  Clinton,  and 
too  little  to  make  it  their  own  and  separate  him  as  a  necessary  agent 
from  it.  It  appointed  him,  with  others,  a  commissioner  to  make  the 
required  surveys  and  estimates,  solicit  grants  and  donations,  and 
report  at  the  next  session. 

A  vacancy  in  the  office  of  governor  was  now  to  occur  by  the 
transfer  of  the  esteemed  and  popular  Tompkins,  the  chief  republican 
character  in  the  state,  to  the  post  of  vice-president  of  the  United 
States  at  Washington.  Who  could  deny  that  Mr.  Clinton's  election 
to  the  office  of  governor  would  further  the  adoption  of  his  great 


DE   WITT  CLINTON.  219 

scheme  of  improvements  ?  Who  could  deny  his  claim  to  that  posi 
tion  for  the  purpose  of  securing  its  adoption  and  conducting  its  pro 
secution?  Who  could  deny  even  that  his  advancement  to  that 
position  was  absolutely  essential  to  the  success  of  the  measure? 
When  the  only  popular  favorite  was  relinquishing  the  office  and  there 
was  no  other  statesman  indicated  by  any  general  preference  for  it,  why 
should  it  be  denied,  under  the  exigent  circumstances  already  men 
tioned,  to  Mr.  Clinton  ?  Spontaneous  demonstrations  presented  him 
before  the  public  as  a  candidate,  the  party  machinery  refused  to 
work  in  the  hands  of  his  adversaries  and  he  was  elected  in  the  sum 
mer  of  1816,  to  the  office  of  governor,  practically  by  the  unanimous 
voice  of  the  people.  It  seemed,  for  a  short  time,  as  if  all  partisan 
organizations  had  been  permanently  broken  up,  and  as  if  party 
spirit  had  been  extinguished  forever.  Notwithstanding  all  these 
pleasing  auguries,  the  period  of  his  administration  was  filled  up,  like 
former  ones,  with  violent  and  embittered  political  controversies, 
cherished  and  fomented  by  jealousies  of  parties  connected  with  the 
federal  administration  at  Washington.  In  all  these  controversies  he 
was  always  the  subject — desire  to  advance  him  at  last  to  the  presi 
dency  of  the  United  States,  irrespective  of  all  existing  combinations, 
constituting  the  motive  of  one  party  ;  and  determination  to  rebuke 
and  punish  what  was  called  his  unchastened  ambition,  the  motive  of 
the  other.  He  triumphed  in  1819,  being  reflected,  though  by  a  very 
small  majority,  over  Daniel  D.  Tompkins,  who,  while  yet  vice-presi 
dent,  became  the  opposing  candidate  and  brought  into  the  canvass  a 
popularity  never  before  overbalanced.  His  adversaries  availed  them 
selves  of  just  complaints  against  the  constitution  to  move  the  call  of 
a  convention  for  its  amendment,  and  the  measure  was  eminently 
popular.  Mr.  Clinton,  perhaps  unnecessarily,  and  at  least  unfortu- 
tunately,  hesitated  so  long  as  to  become  identified  with  the  opposition 
to  it.  The  convention  made  reforms  which  diminished  the  power  of 
the  executive  and  judiciary  and  conceded  an  enlargement  of  the 
right  of  suffrage,  with  other  popular  rights,  while  it  adopted  his  canal 
policy,  which  had  already  been  auspiciously  begun  and  might  now 
be  supposed  sure  to  be  carried  on  to  a  successful  conclusion.  Mr. 
Clinton  wisely  declined  to  be  a  candidate,  under  such  circumstances, 
for  a  reelection  as  governor  under  the  new  constitution,  and  Joseph  C. 
Yates  was  called  to  the  office  with  a  unanimity  equal  to  that  which 
had  attended  Mr.  Clinton's  elevation  to  the  same  place.  Faction, 


220  A   BIOGKAPHY. 

however,  disorganized  the  triumphant  party  in  1824.  At  the  same 
time,  the  legislature  in  its  interest  abused  its  triumph  over  Mr.  Clin 
ton  by  removing  him  without  notice  arid  without  cause  from  the  now 
obscure  office  of  canal  commissioner  in  which  he  was  serving,  as  he 
had  served  from  the  first,  only  as  an  adviser  and  without  any  com 
pensation.  Indignation  awakened  by  this  injustice  and  combined 
with  popular  discontents,  resulting  from  other  causes,  bore  him  at 
the  end  of  the  same  year  back  into  the  office  of  governor  by  a  very 
decided  vote ;  but  the  new  combination  which  had  secured  this  re 
sult  was  committed  to  the  support  of  John  Quincy  Adams,  as  its 
head  in  the  federal  government,  while  Mr.  Clinton's  sympathies  or 
his  views  of  duty  or  of  interest  determined  his  inclination  toward, 
first  William  H.  Crawford,  and  then  Andrew  Jackson  as  candidates 
for  the  presidency.  He  was  thus  once  more  in  his  old  position,  sus 
tained  by  a  party  from  whom  he  withheld  his  confidence  and  sym 
pathy,  and  opposed  by  the  one  to  which  he  looked  for  ultimate  sup 
port.  He  was  barely  reflected  in  1826,  while  the  legislature  was 
opposed  to  his  policy  and  interests. 

His  administration  of  the  state  government,  however,  which  con 
tinued  throughout  a  period  of  twelve  years,  with  the  exception  of 
an  intervening  period  of  two  3^ ears,  was  one  of  unequaled  dignity 
and  energy,  devoted  to  just  and  necessary  reforms  and  to  the  great 
enterprises  of  moral  and  social  improvement.  He  had  the  good  for 
tune  to  mature  the  system  of  finance  which  enabled  the  state,  uncon 
scious  of  expense  or  care,  to  begin  and  carry  out  his  policy  of  internal 
improvement,  and  to  break  with  his  own  hand  the  ground  in  the 
beginning  of  the  enterprise  on  the  fourth  of  July,  1817 ;  and  overcom 
ing  constant,  unremitting  and  factious  resistances,  he  had  the  felicity 
of  being  borne,  in  October,  1825,  in  a  barge  on  the  artificial  river  that 
he  seemed,  to  all,  to  have  constructed,  from  lake  Erie  to  the  bay  of 
New  York,  while  bells  were  rung  and  cannons  saluted  him  at  every 
stage  of  that  imposing  progress.  No  sooner  had  that  great  work 
been  undertaken  in  1817,  than  the  population  of  the  state  began  to 
swell  with  augmentation  from  other  states  and  from  abroad,  pros 
perity  became  universal,  old  towns  and  cities  expanded,  new  ones  rose 
and  multiplied.  Agriculture,  manufacture  and  commerce,  the  three 
great  wheels  of  national  industry,  were  quickened  in  their  movement, 
and  wealth  flowed  in  upon  the  state  from  all  directions.  He  inaugu 
rated  the  construction  of  branches  of  the  Erie  canal,  by  which  it  was 


DE    WITT   CLIXTOX.  221 


ultimately  connected  with  the  internal  lakes,  with  Lake  Ontario  and 
with  the  Susquehanna,  the  Allegany  and  the  St.  Lawrence  rivers, 
and  by  his  counsel  and  advice,  now  sought  in  all  directions,  he 
hastened  the  opening  of  those  canals  in  New  Jersey,  Pennsylvania, 
Ohio,  Indiana  and  Illinois,  which  in  connection  with  those  of  New 
York  and  with  natural  channels  now  constitute  a  system  adequate  to 
the  internal  commerce  of  an  empire,  and  is  interrupted  only  by  moun 
tains  which  defy  the  prowess  of  man. 

De  Witt  Clinton,  witnessing  the  enjoyment  of  the  continually  en 
larging  realization  by  the  public  of  the  benefits  of  his  labors  and  in 
the  midst  of  growing  popular  perplexities  concerning  the  balanced 
probabilities  of  his  yet  rising  to  the  highest  honors  of  his  country, 
or  of  his  sinking  once  more  and  irretrievably  beneath  the  heel  of 
domestic  faction,  died  at  Albany,  the  seat  of  his  authority  and  the 
chief  theatre  of  his  active  life,  on  the  llth  day  of  February,  1828. 
Need  it  be  added  that  party  spirit  was  hushed  into  profound  silence, 
that  the  legislature  provided  for  his  family,  bereft  as  they  were  of 
parent  and  of  fortune,  that  a  grateful  people  celebrated  his  departure 
from  the  earth  with  all  the  pomp  of  national  sorrow,  and  that  pos 
terity,  already  advancing  on  the  stage,  hails  his  shade  with  the 
homage  deserved  by  a  benefactor  of  mankind.  The  course  of  human 
nature  in  similar  cases  and  circumstances  is  always  the  same. 

NOTE. — In  1839,  and  again  in  1841,  Governor  Seward,  in  his  annual  messages  to  the  legislature, 
recommended  the  erection  of  a  monument,  by  the  state,  to  the  memory  of  De  Witt  Clinton,  and 
at  the  same  time  paid  an  eloquent  tribute  to  his  character  and  distinguished  public  services. 
Mr.  Seward's  "Notes  on  New  York,"  also,  contain  several  allusions  to  Mr.  Clinton  in  the  his 
tory  of  the  canals  and  other  great  enterprises  of  the  state.  See  Volume  II.,  pp.  87,  210,  296,  &c. 


POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 


A 

POLITICAL    SPEECHES,  ./  N 


THE  ADVENT  OF  THE  REPUBLICAN  PAETY. 

ALBANY,     OCTOBER     12,1855. 

HAIL  to  the  capital  of  New  York !  Venerable  for  its  antiquity, 
and  yet  distinguished  for  its  loyalty  to  progress,  liberty  and  union. 
This  capital  is  dear  to  me.  It  has  more  than  once  sent  me  abroad 
with  honorable  functions,  and  even  in  those  adverse  seasons  which 
have  happened  to  me,  as  they  must  happen  to  all  representative  men, 
it  has  never  failed  to  receive  me  at  home  again  with  sympathy  and 
kindness.  Doubly  honored  be  the  banner  of  the  stars  and  stripes, 
which  here  takes  on  its  highest  significance,  as  it  waves  over  the 
halls  where  equal  representatives  make  the  laws  which  regulate  the 
lives  of  equal  freemen.  Honored  be  Justice,  whose  statue  surmounts 
the  dome  above  us  !  Blind,  that  she  may  not,  through  either  passion 
or  prejudice,  discriminate  between  the  rich  and  the  poor,  the  Pro 
testant  and  Catholic,  the  native  born  and  the  exotic,  the  freeman  and 
him  whose  liberties  have  been  cloven  down,  and  weighing  with 
exact  balance  the  rights  of  all  classes  and  all  races  of  men.  Old 
familiar  echoes  greet  my  ear  from  beneath  these  embowered  roofs ! 
The  voices  of  the  Spencers,  of  Kent,  and  Van  Kensselaer,  and  Van 
Vechten,  of  the  genial  Tompkins,  of  Clinton  the  great,  and  the  elder 
Clinton,  of  King  and  Hamilton,  of  Jay,  the  pure  and  benevolent, 
and  Schuyler,  the  gallant  and  inflexible.  The  very  air  that  lingers 
around  these  arches,  breathes  inspirations  of  moral,  social,  of  phy 
sical  enterprise,  and  of  unconquerable  freedom. 

You,  old,  tried,  familiar  friends,  ask  my  counsel  whether  to  cling 
yet  longe*1  to  traditional  controversies  and  to  dissolving  parties,  or 

VOL.  IV.  '29 


226 


POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 


to  rise  at  once  to  nobler  aims,  with  new  and  more  energetic  associa 
tions  !  I  do  not  wonder  at  your  suspense,  nor  do  I  censure  caution 
or  even  timidity.  Fickleness  in  political  associations  is  a  weakness, 
and  precipitancy  in  public  action  is  a  crime.  Considered  by  itself, 
it  is  unfortunate  to  be  obliged  to  separate  from  an  old  party  and  to 
institute  a  new  one.  The  new  one  may  exhibit  more  enthusiasm  for 
a  time,  but  it  must  also  for  a  time  lack  cohesion  and  discipline.  The 
names  of  parties  are  generally  arbitrary,  and  not  at  all  indicative  of 
their  characters  or  purposes.  A  generous  man  will,  nevertheless, 
cling,  as  if  it  were  a  family  altar,  to  a  name  that  has  long  been  a 
rallying  cry  for  himself  and  his  compatriots. 

The  great  question  before  us,  however,  is  to  be  decided,  not  by 
feeling,  but  under  the  counsels  of  reason  and  patriotism.  It  was  the 
last  injunction  given  by  the  last  one  of  the  revolutionary  congresses 
to  the  American  people,  never  to  forget  that  the  cause  of  America 
had  always  been,  and  that  it  must  ever  continue  to  be,  the  cause  of 
human  nature.  The  question  then,  is,  what  is  the  course  dictated 
to  us  by  our  love  of  country  and  of  humanity  ? 

The  nation  was  founded  on  the  simple  and  practically  new  prin 
ciple  of  the  equal  and  inalienable  rights  of  all  men,  and  therefore  it 
necessarily  became  a  republic.j  Other  governments,  founded  on  the 
ancient  principle  of  the  inequality  of  men,  are,  by  force  of  an  equal 
necessity,  monarchies  or  aristocracies.  Whenever  either  of  these 
kinds  of  government  loses  by  lapse  of  time  and  change  of  circum 
stances  its  elementary  principle,  whether  of  equality  or  inequality, 
thenceforward  it  takes  a  rapid  and  irresistible  course  toward  a  reor 
ganization  of  the  opposite  kind.  No  one,  here  or  elsewhere,  is  so 
disloyal  to  his  country  or  to  mankind,  as  to  be  willing  to  see  our 
republican  system  fail.  All  agree  that  in  every  case,  and  through 
put  alljiazards, _  aristocracy  must  fce  abhorred  ~ and  avoided,  and 
^republican  institutions  must  be  defended  and  preserved. 

Think  it  not strange"or  extravagantwhen  I  say  that  an  aristocracy 
has  already  arisen  here,  and  that  it  is  alreadyiindermimn^t1 
republic.  An^anSocracy  co30Tnn^tariseiri  any  country  where 
there  was  no  privileged  class,  and  no  special  foundation  on  which 
such  a  class  could  permanently  stand.  On  the  contrary,  every  state, 
however  republican  its  constitution  may  be,  is  sure  to  become  an 
aristocracy,  sooner  or  later,  if  it  has  a  privileged  class  standing  firmly 
on  an  enduring  special  foundation ;  and  if  that  class  is  continually 


THE   PRIVILEGED  CLASS.  227 

growing  stronger  and  stronger,  and  the  unprivileged  classes  are  con 
tinually  growing  weaker  and  weaker.  It  is  not  at  all  essential  to  a 
privileged  class  that  it  rest  on  feudal  tenures,  or  on  military  com 
mand,  or  on  ecclesiastical  authority,  or  that  its  rights  be  hereditary, 
or  even  that  it  be  distinguished  by  titles  of  honor.  It  may  be  even 
the  more  insidious  and  more  dangerous  for  lacking  all  these  things, 
because  it  will  be  less  obnoxious  to  popular  hostility. 

A  privileged  class  has  existed  in  this  country  from  an  early  period 
of  its  settlement.  Slaveholders  constitute  that  class.  _  They  have  a 
special  foundation  on  which  to  stand — namely,  personal  dominion 
over  slaves.  Conscience  and  sound  policy  forbid  all  men  alike  from 
holding  slaves,  but  some  citizens  disregard  the  injunction.  Some 
of  the  states  enforce  the  inhibition ;  other  states  neglect  or  refuse  to 
enforce  it.  In  all  of  the  states  there  are  but  three  hundred  and  fifty 
thousand  citizens  who  avail  themselves  of  this  peculiar  indulgence ; 
and  those,  protected  by  the  laws  of  their  states,  constitute  a  privi 
leged  class.  They  confess  themselves  to  be  such  a  class,  when  they 
designate  the  system  of  slavery  as  a  "peculiar"  institution. 

The  spirit  of  the  revolutionary  age  was  adverse  to  that  privileged 
class.  America  and  Europe  were  firmly  engaged  then  in  prosecuting 
what  was  expected  to  be  a  speedy,  complete  and  universal  abolition 
of  African  slavery.  Nearly  all  of  the  privileged  class  admitted  that 
slavery,  as  a  permanent  system,  was  indefensible,  and  favored  its 
removal.  They  asked  only,  what  seemed  by  no  means  unreasonable, 
some  securities  against  a  sudden,  rash  and  violent  removal  of  the 
evil.  Under  these  circumstances,  even  the  most  decided  opponents 
of  slavery  consented  to  some  provisions  of  the  federal  constitution 
which  were  inconsistent  with  the  stern  logic  of  equality  that  per 
vaded  all  its  other  parts,  and  pervaded  the  whole  of  the  Declaration 
of  American  Independence,  on  which  the  constitution  itself  was 
based.  We  are  not  to  censure  the  fathers  for  these  concessions ;  they 
had  a  union  of  the  states  to  create,  and  to  their  ardent  and  generous 
minds  the  voluntary  removal  of  slavery,  by  the  action  of  the  seve 
ral  states  themselves,  without  federal  interference,  seemed  not  only 
certain,  but  close  at  hand. 

These  provisions  of  the  constitution  were : 

First:  That  the  foreign  slave  trade  should  not  be  abolished  before 
1808. 


228  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

Second:  That  any  law  or  regulation  which  any  state  might  estab 
lish  in  favor  of  freedom,  should  not  impair  the  legal  remedy,  then 
supposed  to  exist  by  common  law,  for  the  recapture,  by  legal  pro 
cess,  in  such  state,  of  fugitives  from  labor  or  service,  escaping  from 
other  states. 

Third:  That  three-fifths  of  all  slaves  should  be  counted,  in  settling 
the  basis  of  representation  in  the  several  states. 

These  three  concessions,  which  in  themselves  seem  very  limited 
and  almost  harmless,  are  all  that  the  fathers  consciously  made  to  the 
privileged  class. 

But  privileged  classes  always  know 


_^ 

indirect  advantages  which  jthe  constitution  or  laws  of  a  Country 
afford  Such  indirect  advantages  they  acquired  from  two  other 
provisions  of  the  constitution:  1st.  That  provision  which  makes 
the  state  authority  independent  and  sovereign  in  municipal  affairs, 
slavery  being  understood  to  be  purely  municipal  in  its  nature. 
2d.  That  provision  which,  out  of  tenderness  to  the  small  states,  gives 
them  a  representation  in  the  senate  equal  to  that  of  the  largest  state. 
Freedom  builds  great  states  ;  slavery  multiplies  small  states,  and 
even  dwarfs  great  ones. 

Thus  we  see  that  the  American  slaveholders_are  a  privileged  class, 
standing  on  a  special  and  permanent  foundation,  and  that  they~afe 
protected  in  theirjjjl  vantages  fay;  the  organic  laws. 

I  might  show  a  priori  that  a  privileged  class,  thus  established  on 
an  exceptional  principle,  that  is  wrong  in  itself  and  antagonistic  to 
the  fundamental  principle  of  the  government,  must  necessarily  be 
dangerous,  if  it  be  suffered  to  expand  and  aggrandize  itself.  But 
unhappily,  we  are  not  left  to  the  necessity  of  resorting  to  specula 
tion  on  that  subject.  The  policy  of  emancipation  was  set  back  in 
this  country  during  the  reaction  against  revolutionary  principles, 
which  necessarily  attended  the  reorganization  of  government  ;  and  it 
was  set  back  still  more  effectually  by  the  consternation  which  fol 
lowed  the  disastrous  failure  of  the  first  republic  in  France.  The 
privileged  class  promptly  seized  the  advantages  which  the  constitu 
tion  afforded,  to  fortify  itself  in  the  federal  government.  The  last 
federal  acts  directed  against  the  privileged  class  were,  the  abolition 
of  the  foreign  slave  trade  after  1808,  and  the  eternal  prohibition  of 
slavery  in  the  broad  and  then  unsettled  region  which  extends  from 
the  north  bank  of  the  Ohio  to  the  eastern  shore  of  the  Mississippi. 


THE   PRIVILEGED   CLASS.  229 

Even  the  passage  of  that  ordinance  was,  by  its  silence,  assumed  to 
imply  a  right  on  the  part  of  the  privileged  class  to  colonize  with 
slaves  the  region  lying  south  of  the  Ohio  and  east  of  the  Mississippi. 

Unlooked-for  events  have  lent  to  the  privileged  class  advantages 
which  have  more  than  counterbalanced  the  adverse  effects  of  this 
early  national  legislation.  The  invention  of  the  cotton-gm,  which 
easily  separates  the  seed  from  the  fibre,  has  made  "cotton  an'  almost 
exclusive  agricultural  staple  in  the  states  of  the  privileged  class,  and 
an  eminent  commercial  staple  of  the  whole  country.  Jh P.  national 
territory  has  necessarily  hp^n  enlarged!,  from  time  to  time,  to  accom 
modate  an  overgrowing  population,  and  an  ever-increasing  commerce. 
Favored  by  these  circumstances,  the  privileged  class  have  at  the 
same  time  found,  in  a  home  production  of  slaves  in  Maryland  and 
Virginia,  and  other  states,  a  compensation  for  the  loss  of  the  African 
slave  trade ;  and  they  have  not  been  slothful  in  unlearning  all  the 
fears  and  dismissing  all  the  timidity  and  conciliation  which  marked 
their  conduct  during  and  immediately  after  the  revolutionary  war. 
The  admission  of  Kentucky,  Tennessee,  Mississippi  and  Alabama,  as 
slaveholding  states,  into  the  Union,  seemed  unavoidable,  inasmuch 
as  they  were  the  overgrowth  of  some  of  the  old  thirteen  states ;  and 
thus  these  new  states  south  of  the  Ohio,  balancing  the  growing  free 
states  north  of  that  river,  served  as  a  sort  of  balance  between  the 
privileged  and  the  unprivileged  classes,  which  it  was  not  necessary 
to  disturb.  This  was  the  first  final  partition  of  the  unsettled  terri 
tory  of  the  United  States  between  those  classes. 

In  1804,  France  ceded  to  the  United  States  a  broad  belt,  stretch 
ing  along  the  western  bank  of  the  Mississippi,  from  the  British  pos 
sessions  on  the  north,  to  the  Spanish  province  of  Texas  on  the  south. 
This  acquisition,  which  was  equally  necessary  for  the  safety  of  the 
country  and  for  the  uses  of  commerce,  stimulated  the  desire  of  the 
privileged  class  for  an  extension  of  their  territory  and  an  aggran 
dizement  of  their  power.  New  Orleans,  situated  practically  on  the 
coast  of  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  was  already  at  once  an  ancient  slave- 
holding  colony  and  an  important  commercial  mart.  It  lay  contigu 
ous  to  the  slaveholding  states.  Under  these  circumstances,  it  was, 
without  any  resistance,  soon  organized  and  admitted  into  the  Union, 
with  its  ancient  laws  and  customs  tolerating  slavery.  St.  Louis, 
though  destined  to  acquire  great  commercial  importanoe,  was  as  yet 
an  inconsiderable  town,  with  few  slaveholders  and  slaves.  The  Mis- 


230  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

sissippi  only  divided  it  from  the  northwest  territory,  which  was 
already  consecrated  to  freedom.  The  best  interests  of  the  country 
required,  and  humanity  demanded,  that  the  ordinance  of  1787 
should  be  extended  across  the  Mississippi.  The  privileged  class, 
however,  took  possession  of  the  region  around  St.  Louis,  and  made 
partial  settlements  lower  down  on  the  west  bank  of  the  Mississippi. 
St.  Louis  and  its  environs  matured  as  a  state  in  1819,  and  demanded 
admission  with  slavery  into  the  Union.  Then,  only  thirty-two  years 
after  the  passage  of  the  ordinance  of  1787,  and  after  its  unanimous 
ratification  by  the  American  people,  the  privileged  class  made  cQJZir 
mon  cause  with  the  new  slaveholding  state,  and,  assuming  a  tone  at 
once  bold,  insolent  and  menacing,  they  denied  the  power  of  con 
gress,  although  in  the  territories  it  was  supreme  and  exclusive,  and 
equally  supreme  and  exclusive  in  the  admission  of  new  states,  to 
legislate  at  all  against  their  privileges  in  the  territories,  or  to  refuse 
admission  to  a  new  state,  on  the  ground  of  its  refusal  to  surrender 
or  abate  those  privileges  ;  and  they  threatened  in  one  loud  voice  to 
subvert  the  Union,  if  Missouri  should  be  rejected.  The  privileged 
class  were  backed  then  by  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  as  they 
have  been  backed  on  all  similar  occasions  since  that  time.  They 
were  met,  however,  with  firmness  and  decision  by  the  unprivileged 
class  in  the  house  of  representatives,  and  so  Missouri  failed  then  to- 
be  admitted  as  a  slave  state.  The  privileged  class  resorted  to  a  new 
form  of  strategy— the  strategy  of  compromise.  They  offered  to  be 
satisfied  ii'  Missouri  only  should  be  admitted  as  a  slave  state,  while 
Congress  should  prohibit  slavery  forever  in  all  the  residue  of  that 
part  of  the  Louisiana  purchase  which  lay  north  of  the  parallel  of 
36°  30'  of  north  latitude — the  territory  lying  between  this  parallel 
and  the  province  of  Texas,  and  constituting  what  is  now  the  state 
of  Arkansas,  being  left  by  implication  to  slavery.  This  compromise 
was  accepted,  and  thus  diplomacy  obtained  for  the  privileged  class 
immediate  advantages,  which  had  been  denied  to  their  clamor  and 
passion.  This  compromise,  however,  could  have  only  the  authority 
of  a  repealable  act  of  Congress,  so  far  as  the  prohibition  of  slavery 
north  of  36°  30'  was  concerned.  Wise  and  great  men  contrived 
extraordinary  forms  to  bind  the  faith  of  the  privileged  class  to  that 
perpetual  inhibition.  They  gave  to  the  compromise  the  nature  and 
form  of  a  contract,  with  mutual  equivalents  between  the  privileged 
class  and  the  unprivileged  class,  which  it  would  be  dishonorable  and 


THE  PRIVILEGED   CLASS.  231 

perfidious  on  the  part  of  the  privileged  class,  at  any  time,  on  any 
grounds,  or  under  any  circumstances,  to  annul  or  revoke,  or  even  to 
draw  in  question.  They  proclaimed  it  to  be  a  contract  proper  to  be 
submitted  to  the  people  themselves,  for  their  ratification,  in  the  popu 
lar  elections.  It  was  so  submitted  to  the  people,  and  so  ratified  by 
them.  By  virtue  of  this  compromise,  Missouri  came  immediately 
into  the  Union  as  a  slave  state,  and  Arkansas  followed  soon  afterward 
as  a  slave  state,  while,  with  the  exception  of  Missouri,  the  compro 
mise  of  1787,  by  virtue  of  the  same  compromise,  was  extended  across 
the  Mississippi,  along  the  parallel  of  36°  30',  to  the  Eocky  moun 
tains.  Thus,  and  with  such  solemnities,  was  the  strife  of  the  privi 
leged  class  of  slaveholders  for  aggrandizement  of  territory  finally 
composed  and  forever  settled. 

It  is  not  my  purpose  to  discuss  the  policy  or  the  justice  of  that 
great  settlement.  As  in  the  case  of  the  constitution,  the  responsi 
bility  for  that  great  measure  rests  with  a  generation  that  has  passed 
away.  We  have  to  deal  with  it  only  as  a  fact,  and  with  the  state  of 
affairs  that  was  established  by  it. 

The  occupation  of  the  new  region  west  of  the  Mis^ipsip]-!,  which 
had  been  thus  saved  for  freedom,  was  artfully  postponed  indefinitely 
by  dedicating  it  as  a  home  for  the  concentrated  but  perishing  Indian 
tribes.  It  sounds  in  favor  of  the  humanity  of  the  unprivileged  class, 
if  not  of  their  prudence,  that  they  neither  remonstrated  nor  com 
plained  of  that  dedication. 

The  success  of  the  privileged  class,  in  securing  to  themselves 
immediate  possession  of  Missouri  and  Arkansas,  in  exchange  for  the 
reversionary  interest  of  the  unprivileged  class  in  the  remainder  of 
the  Louisiana  purchase,  stimulated  them  to  move  for  new  national 
purchases  of  domain,  which  might  yield  them  further  acquisitions. 
Spain  was  unable  to  retain  longer  the  slaveholding  provinces  of  East 
Florida  and  West  Florida,  which  lay  adjacent  to  the  slave  states. 
They  fell  to  the  United  States  by  an  easy  purchase,  and  the  privi 
leged  class  with  due  diligence  procured  their  organization  as  a  state, 
and  its  admission  into  the  Union.  The  spell  of  territorial  aggran 
dizement  had  fallen  on  the  United  States  of  America,  and  simultane 
ously  the  spell  of  dissolution  had  fallen  on  the  United  States  of 
Mexico.  The  privileged  class  on  our  side  of  the  border  entered 
Texas,  established  slavery  there  in  violation  of  Mexican  laws,  de 
tached  that  territory  from  Mexico,  and  organized  it  as  an  indepen- 


232  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

dent  sovereign  state.  Texas,  thus  independent  and  sovereign,  sought 
annexation  to  the  United  States.  In  the  very  hour  when  the  virtue 
of  a  sufficient  number  of  the  unprivileged  classes  was  giving  way 
to  effect  a  constitutional  annexation  of  Texas,  the  president  of  the 
United  States,  with  a  senate  not  less  subservient  to  the  privileged 
class,  executed  a  coup  d'etat  by  which  that  state  unlawfully,  and  in 
defiance  of  all  precedent,  came  into  the  Union  under  a  covenant 
stipulating  that  four  new  slave  states  might  be  created  out  of  its 
territory  and  admitted  as  slave  states,  while,  by  a  solemn  mockery, 
an  inconsiderable  fragment  that  lay  north  of  36P  30'  was  ostenta 
tiously  dedicated  to  freedom.  There  remained  no  other  new  terri 
tory  within  the  United  States ;  and  so,  by  this  strange  partition  of 
Texas,  there  was  a  third  final  settlement  of  the  pretensions  of  the 
privileged  class  ;  and  it  was  acquiesced  in  by  the  unprivileged  class, 
who  thought  themselves  secure  in  the  old  northwest  territory  by  the 
ordinance  of  1787,  and  equally  safe  in  Kansas  and  Nebraska  by  the 
JMissouri  compromise. 

The  public  repose  that  followed  the  annexation  of  Texas  was  of 
short  duration.  Mexico  resented  that  offense.  A  war  ensued,  and 
terminated  in  the  transfer  of  the  northern  portion  of  Mexico  to  the 
United  States.  The  Mexican  municipal  laws  forbade  slavery  every 
where,  and  the  new  possessions  were  under  that  law.  Not  a  whit 
the  less,  for  that  reason,  did  the  privileged  class  demand  either  an 
equal  partition,  or  that  the  whole  should  be  opened  to  their  coloni 
zation  with  slaves.  The  house  of  representatives  resisted  these 
pretensions,  as  it  had  resisted  similar  ones  before ;  but,  the  senate 
seconded  the  privileged  class  with  its  accustomed  zeal.  So  congress 
was  divided,  and  failed  to  organize  civil  governments  for  the  newly 
acquired  Mexican  territories,  and  they  were  left  under  martial  law. 
The  question  raised  by  the  privileged  class  went  down  to  the  elec 
tors.  The  people  promptly  filled  the  house  of  representatives  with 
a  majority  sternly  opposed  to  the  extension  of  slavery  the  breadth 
of  a  single  square  mile.  They  increased  the  force  of  the  unprivileged 
class  in  the  senate,  while  they  called  to  the  presidency  General  Tay 
lor,  who,  although  himself  a  slaveholder,  was  committed  to  non-in 
tervention  on  the  question  in  congress,  and  to  execute  faithfully 
whatever  constitutional  laws  congress  should  adopt  Under  these 
circumstances,  California  and  New  Mexico,  youthful  communities, 
practically  free  from  slavery,  and  uncorrupted  by  the  seductions  of 


f-T    t  * 

V 

THE    PRIVILEGED   CLASS.  0J  *  233 

the  privileged  class  or  its  political  organs,  hastened  to  establish  con 
stitutions,  and  applj  for  admission  as  free  states ;  while  the  eccentric 
population  of  Deseret,  indulging  latitudinarian  principles  equally  in 
matters  of  religion  and  of  politics,  prayed  to  be  received  into  the 
Union  as  a  state  or  as  a  territory,  and  with  or  without  slavery,  as 
congress  should  prescribe.  The  privileged  class  remonstrated,  and  a 
seditious  movement  was  organized  in  their  behalf  in  the  slavehold- 
ing  states,  to  overawe  congress,  if  possible,  and  to  inaugurate  revolu 
tion  if  their  menaces  failed.  You  all  know  well  the  way  of  that 
memorable  controversy.  How  eminent  men  yielded  to  the  menaces 
without  waiting  for  the  revolution,  and  projected  and  tendered  to 
the  privileged  class  a  new  compromise,  modeled  after  the  already 
time-honored  compromise  of  1820.  You  all  know  how  firmly, 
notwithstanding  this  defection  of  leaders  honored  and  beloved, 
the  house  of  representatives,  and  even  the  senate,  repelled  the 
compromise,  and  how  firmly  the  unprivileged  class  of  freemen 
throughout  the  Union  demanded  the  unqualified  and  unconditional 
admission  of  California  into  the  Union,  and  refused  to  allot  any 
further  territories  to  the  privileged  class,  for  the  extension  of  the 
system  of  human  bondage.  You  all  remember,  too,  how  in  a  critical 
hour  the  president  sickened  and  died,  and  how  the  hearts  of  congress 
and  of  all  the  people  swooned  at  his  grave,  and  thenceforward  all 
was  lost.  You  remember  how  the  provisional  successor  of  that 
lamented  president  with  ominous  haste  accepted  the  resignation  of 
his  cabinet,  and  committed  the  seals  to  a  new  one,  pledged  like  him 
self  to  the  adoption  of  the  compromise  which  the  people  had 
condemned  ;  and  how  at  last,  after  a  painful  struggle,  its  adoption 
was  effected.  I  think,  also,  that  you  have*  not  thus  soon  forgotten 
the  terms  of  that  compromise,  the  fourth  final  and  everlasting  settle-^ 
™gTvj;- of  *kp  Conflict  between^the  privileged  and  the  unprivileged 
classes  of  t.Tn'q  rppnb]1'0—  You  have  not  forgotten  how  the  ordinance 
of  1787,  which  excluded  slavery  from  the  region  northwest  of  the 
Ohio,  was  left  to  stand,  as  an  institution  too  sacred  to  be  even  ques 
tioned.  How  the  Missouri  compromise,  which  extended  that  ordi 
nance  across  the  Mississippi,  and  over  all  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  was 
made  at  once  the  authority,  precedent,  and  formula,  of  the  new 
compromise,  and  even  declared  to  be  an  irrepealable  law  forever. 
How  California,  which  refused  to  become  a  slave  state,  was  grudgingly 
admitted  into  the  Union  as  a  free  one.  How  the  hateful  and  detest- 
VOL.  IV.  30 


234  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

v 

able  slave  auctions  were  banished  from  under  the  eaves  of  the  capitol, 
quite  across  to  the  opposite  side  of  the  Potomac  river.  And  how, 
in  consideration  of  these  magnanimous  and  vast  concessions  made 
by  the  privileged  class,  it  was  stipulated  that  slavery  should  be  con 
tinued  in  the  District  of  Columbia  as  long  as  the  privileged  class 
should  require  its  continuance.  New  Mexico,  with  her  free  consti 
tution,  was  superciliously  remanded  to  her  native  mountains,  while, 
without  a  hearing,  her  ancient  and  free  territory  was  dismembered, 
and  its  fairest  part  transferred  to  Texas,  with  the  addition  of  ten 
millions  of  dollars,  to  win  its  acceptance  by  that  defiant  privileged 
state.  You  remember  how  it  was  solemnly  stipulated  that  Utah  and 
New  Mexico,  if  the  slaveholders  could  corrupt  them,  should  come 
into  the  Union,  in  due  time,  as  slaveholding  states  ;  and,  finally,  how 
the  privileged  class,  so  highly  offended  and  exasperated,  were  brought 
to  accept  this  compromise  on  their  part,  by  a  reenactment  of  the 
then  obsolete  fugitive  slave  law  of  1793,  with  the  addition  of  the 
revolting  features  of  an  attempted  suspension  of  the  habeas  corpus  ; 
an  absolute  prohibition  of  the  trial  by  jury;  an  effective  repeal  of 
f vital  rales  of  procedure  and  evidence,  and  the  substitution  of  com 
missioners  in  place  of  courts  of  justice,  in  derogation  of  the  consti 
tution.  You  all  remember  how  laboriously  and  ostentatiously  this 
compromise  was  associated  with  the  time-honored  forms  and  solemni 
ties  of  the  Missouri  compromise ;  how  it  was  declared,  not  the  result 
of  mere  legislation,  but  a  contract,  with  mutual  equivalents,  by  the 
privileged  with  the  unprivileged  classes,  irrepealable  and  even 
unamendable  without  perfidy  and  even  treason  against  the  constitu 
tion  and  the  Union.  You  all  remember  how,  notwithstanding  your 
protests  and  mine,  it  was  urgently,  violently,  clamorously  ratified 
and  confirmed,  as  a  full,  fair,  final,  and  perpetual  adjustment,  by  the 
two  great  political  conventions  of  the  country,  representing  the  whole 
people  of  the  United  States,  assembled  at  Baltimore  in  1852 ;  and 
how  the  heroic  and  generous  Scott  was  rejected,  to  bring  into  the 
presidency  one  who  might  more  safely  be  trusted  to  defend  and  pre 
serve  and  establish  it  forever. 

Nevertheless,  scarcely  one  year  had  elapsed,  before  the  privileged 
class,  using  some  of  our  own  representatives  as  their  instruments, 
broke  up  not  only  this  compromise  of  18cO,  but  even  the  compro 
mise  of  1820  and  the  ordinance  of  1787,  and  obtained  the  declaration 
of  congress,  that  all  these  settlements,  so  far  as  they  were  adverse  to 


THE   AGGRESSIONS    OF   SLAVERY.  235 

•  •  '          T™ 

the  privileged  class,  were  unconstitutional  usurpations  of  legislative 
power.  I  do  not  stop  to  stigmatize  or  even  to  characterize  these 
aggressions.  Of  what  use  would  it  be  to  charge  perfidy,  when  the 
losses  we  deplore  have  resulted  from  our  own  imbecility  and  cow 
ardice  ?  I  do  not  dwell,  as  others  so  often  and  so  justly  do,  upon  the 
atrocious  usurpation  of  the  government  of  Kansas  by  the  slave 
holders  of  Missouri,  nor  even  on  the  barbarous  and  tyrannical  code 
which  they  have  established  to  stifle  freedom  in  that  territory,  nor 
even  yet  on  the  fraudulent  and  nefarious  connivance  of  the  president 
with  the  usurpers. 

Nor  will  I  draw  into  this  picture,  already  too  darkly  shaded, 
the  personal  humiliations  which  daily  come  home  to  yourselves  in 
the  conduct  of  your  own  affairs.  You  are  commanded  by  an 
unconstitutional  law  of  congress  to_seize  and  deliver  up  to  the  mem 
bers  of  that  privileged  class  their  fugitive  slaves,  under  the  penalty 
of  imprisonment  and  forfeiture  of  your  estates.  You  may  not  inter- 
pose  between  the  armed  slaveholder  and  the  wounded  slave,  to 
prevent  his  being  murdered,  without  coming  under  arrest  for  treason, 
nor  may  you  cover  his  naked  and  lacerated  limbs  except  by  stealth. 
You  have  fought  twenty  years,  and  with  but  partial  success,  for  the 
constitutional  right  to  lay  your  remonstrances  on  the  table  of  con 
gress.  You  may  not  tell  the  freed  slave  who  reaches  your  borders 
that  he  is  free,  without  being  seized  by  a  federal  court,  and  con 
demned,  without  a  trial  or  even  an  accusation,  to  an  imprisonment 
without  bail  or  mainprize,  and  without  limitation  of  sentence.  Your 
representatives  in  either  house  of  congress  must  speak  with  bated 
breath  and  humble  countenance  in  presence  of  the  representatives 
of  the  privileged  class,  lest  justice  he  denied  to  your  old  soldiers 
when  they  claim  their  pensions,  or  to  your  laborers  when  they  claim 
the  performance  of  their  contracts  with  the  government.  ^The  pres 
ident  of  the  United  States  is  reduced  to  the  position  of  a  deputy  of 
the  privileged  class,  emptying  the  treasury  and  marshaling  bat 
talions  and  ships  of  war  to  dragoon  you  into  the  execution  of  the 
fugitive  slave  law  on  the  one  hand,  while  he  removes  governors  and 
judges,  at  their  command,  who  attempt  to  maintain  lawful  and  con 
stitutional  resistance  against  them  in  the  territory  of  Kansas,  ^he 
vice-president  of  the  United  States  and  the  speaker  of  the  house  "of 
representatives  are  safe  men,  whom  the  privileged  class  can  trust  in 
every  case.  The  care  of  the  judiciary  of  the  territories,  and  even 


236  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  the  foreign  relations,  is  intrusted  in  either  house  to  assured  sup 
porters  of  that  class.  Protection  is  denied  to  your  wool,  while  it  is. 
freely  givenmtp  the  slaveholder's  sugar._  Millions  of  acres  of  the 
public  domain  are  freely,  given  to  Alabama,  for  railroads,  and  even 
as  gratuities,  while  not  a  dollar  can  be  obtained  to  remove  the  rocks 
of  Hellgate  and  the  sands  of  the  Overslaugh,  or  the  bars  in  lake 
St.  Clair  or  those  in  the  mouths  of  your  lake  harbors.  Canada, 
lying  all  along  your  northern  borders,  must  not  even  be  looked  upon, 
lest  you  may  lust  after  it,  while  millions  upon  millions  are  lavished 
in  war  and  diplomacy  to  annex  and  spread  slavery  over  Louisiana, 
Florida,  Texas,  Mexico,  Cuba,  and  Central  America.  Your  liberty 
of  speech,  where  is  it  ?  You  may  not,  without  severe  rebuke, 
speak  of  despotism  in  foreign  lands,  lest  the  slave  overhear  you  on 
the  plantations  of  the  privileged  class,  or  the  foreign  despot  visit 
them  in  retaliation  for  your  unavailing  sympathy.  The  national 
flag,  the  emblem  of  universal  liberty,  covers  cargoes  of  slaves,  not 
only  in  our  own  view,  but  flaunts  defiance  over  them  in  foreign 
ports.  Judges  of  United  States  courts,  safe  under  the  protection  of 
the  president  and  the  senate,  charge  grand  juries  in  advance  of  any 
question,  that  obnoxious  and  unequal  federal  laws  are  constitutional 
and  obligatory;  they  give  counsel  to  legislative  bodies  how  to  frame 
laws  which  they  will  sustain,  instead  of  waiting  to  review  those  laws 
when  enacted.  They  even  convert  the  writ  of  freedom  to  an  engine 
of  slavery,  and  they  pervert  the  power  of  punishing  irregularities 
committed  in  their  presence  into  the  machinery  of  a  tyranny  as  odious 
as  that  of  the  star  chamber.  The  privileged  class  in  Virginia 
imprison  your  seamen  in  their  ports,  in  retaliation  for  the  independ 
ence  of  your  executive  authorities ;  and  you  are  already  in  a 
doubtful  struggle  for  the  right  to  exclude  the  traffic  in  slaves  from 
your  own  borders. 

sk.  in  concluding-  thifi  frnrm"Ha,t;imy  rehearsal,  whether 


there  is  not  in  this  favored  country  a  privileged  class ;  whether  it  does 
not  stand  on  an  enduring  foundation ;  whether  it  is  not  growing 
stronger  and  stronger,  while  the  unprivileged  class  grows  weaker  and 
weaker ;  whether  its  further  growth  and  extent  would  not  be,  not 
merely  detrimental,  but  dangerous ;  and  whether  there  is  any  hope  to 
arrest  that  growth  and  extension  hereafter,  if  the  attempt  shall  not  be 
made  now  ?  The  change,  that  has  become  at  last  so  necessary,  is  as 
easy  to  be  made  as  it  is  necessary.  The  whole  number  of  slaveholders 


A  NEW  ORGANIZATION  NEEDED.  237 

is  only  three  hundred  and  fifty  thousand,  one-hundredth  part  of  the 
entire  population  of  the  country.  If  you  add  their  parents,  children, 
immediate  relatives  and  dependents,  they  are  two  millions — one- 
fifteenth  part  of  the  American  people.  Slavery  is  not,  and  never  can 

be,  perpetual.     It  willhe  overthrown,  either  peacefully  or  lawfully, ' 
^-.  -'     *P . — »-     <c'>rz<     ^-~2^~-xi^*~z<r---2-^~z.~ — a< — 3B*r~T'3t"~" — 2--r»^- 
under  this  constitution,  or  itwmwork  the  subversion  of  the  constitu 

fion,  tofethefwith  its  own^verthrowr^TThen  the  slaveholders  would 
perish  in ^^  jh^j^i^gleT^^e^cn^n^ca^n  now  be  made  without  violence/ 
)y  the  agency  of  the  ballot-box.  The  temper  of  the  nation  is 
just,  liberal,  forbearing.  It  will  contribute  any  money  and  endure 
any  sacrifices  to  effect  this  great  and  important  change ;  indeed,  it  is 
half  made  already. 

The  will  exists,  because  the  evil  has  become  intolerable,  azid  the 
need  of  a  remedy  is  universally  acknowledged.  What,  then,  is 
wanted  ?  Organization !  Organization!  IJothing  but  organization. 

Shall  we'orgamzer     Wny"notrCan  we<enmmtaintnerevolution, 
so  auspiciously  begun,  without  organization  ?     Certainly  not.     Are 
you  apprehensive  of  failure,  because  the  revolution  is  not  everywhere 
and  at  all  times  equally  successful  ?     Was  there  ever  a  revolution 
that  was  equally  successful  at  all  times  and  everywhere?     Certainly 
not.     Do  you  say  that  you  cannot  abolish  slavery  in  the  privileged  I 
states  ?     We  have  no  need,  no  purpose,  no  constitutional  power,  no  I 
duty,  to  do  so.     Providence  has  devolved  that  duty  on  others,  and  / 
the  organic  law  leaves  it  wisely  to  them.     We  have  power  to  avert/ 
the  extension  of  slavery  in  the  territories  of  the  Union,  and  that  isl 
enough.     Do  you  doubt  that  power  ?     Did  not  the  statesmen  of  1787 
know  the  bounds  of  constitutional  power  ?     Somebody  has  municipal 
power  in  the  unorganized  territories  of  the  Union.     Wlio  is  it?     It 
is  not  any  foreign  state ;  it  is  not  any  of  the  American  states ;  it  is 
not  the  people  in  the  territories.     It  is  the  congress  of  the  whole 
United  States,  and  their  power  there  is  supreme.     Are  you  afraid 
that  the  privileged  class  will  not  submit  ?     The  privileged  class  are 
human,  and  they  are  wise.     They  know  just  as  well  how  to  submit 
to  just  authority,  firmly  and  constitutionally  exercised,  as  they  do 
how  to  extort  unequal  concessions  by  terror  from  timid  men.     Can 
the  privileged  class  live  without  a  Union  any  better  than  you  can  ? 
They  would  not  remain  and  wrangle  with  you  an  hour,  if  they  could 
do  so.     Can  they  ever  hope  to  obtain  another  Union  so  favorable  to 
them  as  this  one,  if  this  should  be  overthrown  ?     Will  they  destroy 


238  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

themselves,  that  they  may  simply  do  harm  to  you  ?  Did  ever  any 
privileged  class  commit  such  an  absurd  suicide  as  this  ?  Are  you 
alone  the  keepers  of  the  Union?  Have  not  the  privileged  class 
interests  as  great  to  maintain  in  the  Union,  and  are  their  obligations 
to  maintain  it  different  from  your  own  ? 

How  shall  we  organize  ?  The  evil  is  a  national  one.  The  power 
and  the  influence  and  the  organization  of  the  privileged  class  pervade 
all  parts  of  the  Union.  It  knows  no  north,  no  south,  no  east,  no 
west.  It  is  stronger  to-day  on  the  bay  of  San  Francisco,  surrounded 
by  freemen,  than  it  is  on  Chesapeake  bay,  surrounded  by  slaves.  _It 
is  not  a  sectional  but  a  national  contest,  on  which  we  have  entered. 
ur  organization,  therefore,  must  be  a  national  one.  The  means  of 

virtue  of  the 

nation.  We  must  restore  the  principle  of  equality  among  the  mem 
bers  of  the  state — the  principle  of  the  sacredness  of  the  absolute  and 
inherent  rights  of  man.  We  want,  then,  an  organization  open  to  all 
classes  of  men,  and  that  excludes  none. 

We  want  a  boldhi  out-spoken,  free-spoken  or^(ni  Cation—- rmp.  that 
openly  proclaims  its  principles,  its  purposes,  and  its  objects — in  fear 
of  God,  and  not  of  man — like  that  army,  which  Cromwell  led,  that 
established  the  commonwealth  of  England.  This  is  the  organization 
we  want. 

It  is  best  to  take  an  existing  organization  that  answers  to  these 
conditions,  if  we  can  find  one ;  if  we  cannot  find  one  such,  we  must 
create  one.  Let  us  try  existing  parties  by  this  test.  Shall  we  take 
the  know-nothing  party,  or  the  American  party,  as  it  now  more 
ambitiously  names  itself?  It  is  a  purely  sectional  organization.  In 
the  privileged  states,  it  scouts  the  principle  of  the  equality  of  mao, 
and  justifies  the  unbounded  claims  of  the  privileged  class.  In  the 
unprivileged  states,  it  stifles  its  voice  and  suppresses  your  own  free 
speech,  lest  it  may  be  overheard  beyond  the  Potomac.  In  the  privi 
leged  states,  it  justifies  all  the  wrongs  committed  against  you.  In 
the  unprivileged  states,  it  affects  to  condemn  them,  but  protests  that 
they  shall  not  be  redressed.  I  speak  not  now  of  its  false  and  preva 
ricating  rituals,  its  unlawful  and  unchristian  oaths,  its  clandestine 
councils  and  its  dark  conspiracies,  its  mobs  and  its  murders,  proscrib 
ing  and  slaying  men  for  their  conscience'  sake  and  for  the  sake  of 
their  nativity.  I  have  spoken  of  them  often  enough  and  freely 
enough  heretofore.  I  say  now  only  that  all  these  equally  unfit  this 


THE  REPUBLICAN  PARTY.  239 

so-called  American  party  for  any  national  duty,  and  qualify  it  to  be 
what  it  has  thus  far  been — an  auxiliary  Swiss  corps,  engaging  the 
friends  of  freedom  in  premature  skirmishes  at  one  time,  and  decoying 
them  into  ambushes  prepared  by  their  enemies  at  another.  Let  it 
pass  by. 

Shall  we  unite  ourselves  to  the  democratic  party  ?  If  so,  to  which 
section  or  faction  ?  The  hards,  who  are  so  stern  in  defending  the 
aggressions  of  the  privileged  class,  and  in  rebuking  the  administra 
tion  through  whose  agency  they  are  committed  ?  or  the  softs,  who 
protest  against  these  aggressions,  while  they  sustain  and  invigorate 
that  administration  ?  Shall  we  suppose  the  democratic  party  reunited 
and  consolidated  ?  What  is  it,  then,  but  the  same  party  which  has 
led  in  the  commission  of  all  those  aggressions,  save  one,  and  which 
urged,  counseled  and  cooperated  in  that,  and  claims  exclusively  the 
political  benefits  resulting  from  it?  Let  the  democratic  party  pass. 

Shall  we  report  ourselves  to  the  whig  party  ?  Where  is  it  ?  Gen 
tle  shepherd,  tell  me  where !  Four  years  ago  it  was  a  strong  and 
vigorous  party,  honorable  for  energy,  noble  achievements,  and  still 
more  for  noble  enterprises.  In  1852  it  was  united  and  consolidated, 
and  moved  by  panics  and  fears  to  emulate  the  democratic  party 
in  its  practised  subserviency  to  the  privileged  class,  and  it  yielded 
in  spite  of  your  remonstrances  and  mine.  The  privileged  class, 
who  had  debauched  it,  abandoned  it,  because  they  knew  that  it 
could  not  vie  with  its  rival  in  the  humiliating  service  it  proffered 
them ;  and  now  there  is  neither  whig  party  no,r  whig,  south  of  the 
Potomac. 

How  is  it  in  the  unprivileged  states  ?  Out  of  New  York,  the 
lovers  of  freedom,  disgusted  with  its  prostitution,  forsook  it,  and 
marched  into  any  and  every  other  organization.  We  have  main 
tained  it  here,  and  in  its  purity,  until  the  aiders  and  abettors  of  the 
privileged  class,  in  retaliation,  have  wounded  it  on  all  sides,  an-d  it 
is  now  manifestly  no  longer  able  to  maintain  and  carry  forward, 
alone  and  unaided,  the  great  revolution  that  it  inaugurated.  He  is 
unfit  for  a  statesman,  although  he  may  be  a  patriot,  who  will  cling 
even  to  an  honored  and  faithful  association,  when  it  is  reduced  so  low 
in  strength  and  numbers  as  to  be  entirely  ineffectual  amid  the  con 
tests  of  great  parties  by  which  republics  are  saved.  Any  party, 
when  reduced  so  low,  must  ultimately  dwindle  and  dwarf  into  a 
mere  faction.  Let,  then,  the  whig  party  pass.  It ,  committed  a 


240  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 


fault,  and  grievously  hath  Jt  answered  it^  Let  it  inarch  out 
of  the  field,  therefore,  with  all  the  honors. 

The  principles  of  true  democrats  and  the  principles  of  true  whigs 
remain  throughout  all  changes  of  parties  and  of  men,  and,  so  far  as 
they  are  sound,  they  are  necessarily  the  same.  Such  true  democrats 
and  true  whigs  are  now  ready  to  unite  on  those  sound  principles 
common  to  both.  Neither  of  these  two  classes  can  or  ought  to  insist 
on  forcing  a  defective  organization,  with  a  stained  banner,  upon  the 
other.  The  republican  organization  has  sagaciously  seen  this,  and 
magnanimously  laid  anew,  sound  and  liberal  platform,  broad  enough 
for  both  classes  to  stand  upon.  Its  principles  are  equal  and  exact 
justice;  its  speech  open,  decided  and  frank.  Its  banner  is  untorn 
in  former  battles,  and  unsullied  by  past  errors.  That  is  the  party 
for  us.  I  do  not  know  that  it  will  always,  or  even  long,  preserve  its 
courage,  its  moderation,  and  its  consistency.  If  it  shall  do  so,  it  will 
rescue  and  save  the  country.  If  it,  too,  shall  become  unfaithful, 
as  all  preceding  parties  have  done,  it  will,  without  sorrow  or  regret 
on  my  part,  perish  as  they  are  perishing,  and  will  give  place  to 
another,  truer  and  better  one. 

So  long  as  the  republican  party  shrill  be  firm  and  faithful  to  the 
constitution,  the  Union,  and  the  rights  of  man,  I  shall  serve  it  with 
the  reservation  of  that  personal  independence  which  is  my  birthright, 
but,  at  the  same  time,  with  the  zeal  and  devotion  that  patriotism 
allows  and  enjoins.  I  do  not  know,  and  personally  I  do  not  greatly 
care,  that  it  shall  work  out  its  great  ends  this  year,  or  the  next,  or  in 
my  lifetime  ;  because  I  know  that  those  ends  are  ultimately  sure, 
and  that  time  and  trial  are  the  elements  which  make  all  great  refor 
mations  sure  and  lasting.  I  have  not  thus  far  lived  for  personal  ends 
or  temporary  fame,  and  I  shall  not  begin  so  late  to  live  or  labor  for 
them.  I  have  hoped  that  I  might  leave  roy.  country  somewhat  wor 
thier  of  a  lofty  destiny,  and  |(fre  rightff  oj  human  nature  somewhat 
jsafer.  A  reasonable  ambitipnmustji^^  with  sincere 

and  prac^alenaeavors.     If,  amonsr  those  who  shafi^ornearter  us. 

A**-'"*""^!^*"?^-"''"*'  —  *-""**"»—' 

there  snail  be  any  curious  inquirer  who  shall  fall  upon  a  name  so 

obscure  as  mine,  he  shall  be  obliged  to  confess  that,  however  unsuc 
cessfully  I  labored  for  generous  ends,  yet  that  I  nevertheless  was 
ever  faithful,  ever  hopeful. 


THE  CONTEST  AND  THE  CRISIS. 

BUFFALO,  OCTOBER  19,  1855. 

I  AM  always  proud  of  my  native  state,  when  I  stand  in  the  presence 
of  the  mountains  under  whose  shadow  I  was  born,  or  on  the  shores 
of  the  silvery  lakes  among  which  I  dwell.  I  am  prouder  still,  when, 
looking  off  from  the  vestibule  of  the  capitol,  I  see  the  mediterranean 
waters  of  the  continent,  obedient  to  her  command,  mingle  their  floods 
with  the  tides  of  the  world-encircling  ocean.  No  less  buoyant  is  my 
pride  now,  when,  standing  here  in  the  presence  of  Niagara,  the  marvel 
of  nature  itself,  I  see  New  York  at  once  unlocking  the  gates  of  the 
west,  and  standing  sentinel  on  the  frontier  of  the  republic,  whose 
safety  constitutes  the  hope  of  the  human  race.  Speaking  on  such  a 
stage,  how  can  I  do  otherwise  than  speak  thoughtfully,  sincerely, 
earnestly  ? 

Ye  good  men  of  Erie  !  The  republican  party  is  sounding  through 
out  all  our  borders  a  deep-toned  alarum  for  the  safety  of  the  consti 
tution,  of  union,  and  of  liberty.  Do  you  hear  it  ?  The  republican 
party  declares,  that  by  means  of  recent  treacherous  measures  adopted 
by  congress  and  the  president  of  the  United  States,  the  constitutional 
safeguards  of  citizens,  identical  with  the  rights  of  human  nature 
itself,  are  undermined,  impaired,  and  in  danger  of  being  overthrown. 
It  declares  that  if  those  safeguards  be  not  immediately  renewed  and 
restored,  the  government  itself,  hitherto  a  fortress  of  republicanism, 
will  pass  into  the  hands  of  an  insidious  aristocracy,  and  its  batteries 
be  turned  against  the  cause  which  it  was  reared  to  defend. 

The  republican  party  is  not  deficient,  either  in  intelligence,  in 
earnest  patriotism,  in  moderation,  or  in  numbers.  Its  members 
everywhere  are  among  those  who,  in  all  our  political,  moral  and 
religious  associations,  have  been  as  enlightened  and  as  efficient  as 
their  fellows.  Those  who  constitute  its  masses  have,  some  for  long 
periods,  and  others  throughout  long  lives,  been  consistent  supporters, 
not  only  of  the  constitution,  but  also  of  all  those  principles  of  jus- 

VOL.  IY  31 


242  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

tice,  equality  and  liberty,  which  are  the  basis  of  republican  govern 
ment.  Not  one  of  them,  so  far  as  we  know,  has  ever  counseled 
seditious  or  factious  measures.  The  republican  party  holds  either 
paramount  or  at  least  respectable  rank  and  authority  in  thirteen  of 
the  states,  with  either  the  whole  or  a  majority  of  the  representatives 
of  each  of  those  states  in  the  Federal  Union. 

It  is,  indeed,  popularly  regarded  as  a  party  of  yesterday.  But 
practically  it  is  old  and  well  known  in  the  field  of  public  affairs. 
Its  policy  is  to  inculcate  perpetual  jealousy  of  the  increase  and 
extension  of  slavery,  and  the  plantation  organization  and  admis 
sion  of  free  states  in  the  common  territories  of  the  United  States. 
This  policy  is  even  older  than  the  constitution  itself.  It  was  the 
policy  of  Jay,  Madison,  Jefferson  and  Washington.  It  was  early 
exercised  in  prohibiting  the  African  slave  trade,  and  devoting  the 
northwest  territory  to  impartial  freedom.  Although  it  has  not 
always  prevailed  in  the  federal  government,  it  has,  without  change 
or  even  the  shadow  of  turning,  been  always  the  policy  of  the  state 
of  New  York,  which  has  continually  been  the  wisest  member  of  the 
confederacy,  and  as  loyal  as  any  other  member.  Those  who  have 
cherished  this  policy  have,  however,  been  divided  and  distributed 
among  the  many  parties  which  have  existed,  until,  by  reason  of  that 
separation  alone,  the  policy  itself  has  been  arrested  and  defeated.  De 
feated,  but  not  successfully  repressed,  that  policy  has  at  last  worked 
out  a  disintegration  of  all  the  parties  by  whom  it  was  so  unwisely 
and  disloyally  discarded.  Its  advocates,  thus  disengaged  and  released 
,  from  diverse  and  uncongenial  relations,  have  come  together  by  means 
of  a  just  and  natural  affinity,  and  have  organized,  and  they  now  con 
stitute  the  republican  party. 

Slavery,  contrary  to  the  expectations  of  the  founders  of  the  repub- 
still  exists  in  this,  the  seventy-ninth  year  of  independence  ;  and 
it  has  at  once  a  purpose  to  perpetuate  itself,  and  apparently  a  reason- 
able  hope  of  at  least  a  long  continuance.  On  the  other  hand,  the 
love  of  equality,  springing  alike  and  all  at  once  from  the  consciences, 
the  judgments,  and  the  hearts  of  the  American  people,  is  irrepressi 
ble  and  imperishable,  and  so  there  will  remain  an  undying  jealousy 
of  the  aggrandizement  of  slavery.  The  republican  party  fosters  that 
jealousy,  and  directs  it  to  the  proper  means  of  active  resistance. 
Thus  it  happens,  that  as  the  republican  party  is  not  a  party  of  yes- 


*  ,    /     Sla 
jff*      I  lie,  sti 


THE  CONTEST  AND  THE   CRISIS.  243 

terday,  it  is  also^not  merehr  a  party  of  tft-cfay,  ^nf  fr  dnra-hl^  ppr« 
petual  organization. 

""The   slaveholders,    always   sufficiently  united  and  consolidated, 
have  so  improved  their  advantages,  that  their  aggressions  have  b 
come  at  last  intolerable.     They  have  rushed  into  a  dead-lock  with' 
their  opponents.     The  nation's  whole  breadth  is  the  field  of  contest. 
A  changeless  sway  of  the  republic,  throughout  its  future  existence, 
is  the  object  of  this  majestic  strife.     So  the  slaveholders  on  the  one     ^ 
side,  and  the  republican  party  on  the  other,  are  now,  and  for  an          i. 
indefinite  period  must  continue  to  be,  not  merely  the  chief  combat-     ^ 
ants,  but  practically  the  only  combatants  in  tne  Union.     ISucn  is  the 
republican  party,  and  such^areTie  circumstances  under  which  it 
appeals  to  you  to  enlist  under  its  banner,  and  give  it  your  enlight 
ened  and  effective  cooperation.     Shall  I  have  on  your  part  a  fair 
and  candid  hearing  in  its  behalf? 

I  am  well  aware  that  at  this  moment  large  popular  masses  are  at 
rest,  while  others,  broken  up  in  the  general  wreck  of  former  parties, 
are  moving  capriciously,  and  in  divergent  directions.  I  know  equally 
well  that  popular  masses,  at  rest,  have  a  sort  of  vis  inertice  to  over 
come;  and  that  popular  masses,  suddenly  and  violently  disturbed, 
cannot  all  at  once  compose  themselves,  and  organize.  I  apprehend, 
therefore,  that  here,  as  elsewhere,  there  may  be,  on  the  part  of  some, 
a  disposition  to  indolence,  and  on  the  part  of  others  a  disposition  to 
avoid  the  organization  which  seems  to  me  to  have  become  necessary. 
Both  of  these  dispositions  persuade  to  neutrality. 

Are  you  indeed  sure,  then,  that  neutrality  will  be  right,  even  if 
you  find  it  possible?  Is  liberty  to  be  maintained  in  this  republic, 
otherwise  than  through  the  conflicts  of  great  parties  ?  Where  there 
are  no  great  parties,  there  are  either  many  small  factions,  or  no  parties 
or  factions  whatever.  A  state  that  surrenders  itself  to  the  confused 
contests  of  small  parties  or  factions,  is  sinking  inevitably  toward 
despotism.  A  state  that  has  no  parties  or  factions  at  all  is  a  despo 
tism  already. 

In  every  conflict  between  great  parties  (speaking  without  reference 
to  the  motives  of  leaders  or  of  masses),  is  there  not  one  side  that  is 
absolutely  or  relatively  the  right  side,  and  which,  because  it  is  the 
right  side,  is  the  side  favorable  to  the  public  welfare  and  the  public 
•safety ;  and  also  another  side  that  is  absolutely  or  relatively  the 
wrong  side,  and  therefore  the  side  detrimental  to  the  public  welfare, 


244  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

and  injurious  to  the  public  safety  ?  Are  the  welfare  and  safety  of 
the  whole  body  politic  anything  else  than  the  welfare  and  safety 
of  all  its  individual  members  ?  Can  I  justly  expect  you  to  defend  my 
interest,  and  to  assure  my  safety,  if  I  will  not  defend  and  guard  them 
myself?  In  an  ancient  republic,  it  was  made  a  capital  crime  to  re 
fuse  to  take  a  side  in  every  political  contest  that  agitated  the  com 
monwealth.  The  penalty  was  indeed  too  severe,  but  was  not  the 
policy  of  the  law  just  and  wise  ?  Still  you  fear  agitation,  and  desire 
repose.  Was  not  the  British  commonwealth  free  from  disturbance 
when  it  so  suddenly  went  down,  and  the  Stuarts  renewed  their 
hateful  dominion  ?  Was  not  the  late  French  republic  distracted  by 
petty  factions,  regardless  of  the  constitution  and  its  safety,  when  the 
coup  d'etat  of  Louis  Napoleon  placed  him  upon  the  throne,  and  sent 
the  republicans  of  France  to  prison,  to  exile  and  to  death  ?  Quiet 
and  repose  are  indeed  desirable,  when  they  can  be  safely  enjoyed ; 
but  they  can  be  safely  enjoyed  only  when  they  come  at  intervals  of 
great  activity,  and  repair  and  fit  the  wearied  commonwealth  for 
renewed  watchfulness. 

Can  you  maintain  neutrality  ?  If  you  enlist  into  or  remain  asso 
ciated  with  the  democratic  party,  or  either  of  its  sections,  that  is  to 
engage  directly  in  the  contest.  Even  if  your  party  or  section  dis 
avow  opposition  to  freedom,  all  its  successes  enure  to  the  advantage 
of  the  slaveholders.  Is  neutrality  easy  to  be  maintained,  amid  the 
excitement  of  political  contests  ?  Zealous  men  in  opposing  parties 
mutually  respect  each  other,  if  they  are  generous ,  but  they  agree  in 
despising  the  timid  and  trimming  citizen.  In  every  campaign,  the 
place  of  greatest  danger  is  the  neutral  ground  lying  between  the  two 
lines,  because  it  is  raked  by  the  fire  of  both  armies. 

Perhaps  you  think  the  immunities  of  neutrality  may  be  secured 
by  remaining  in  some  independent  outside  association.  How  long 
do  you  think  any  considerable  mass  of  American  citizens,  enlightened, 
open,  manly,  ardent,  as  they  are,  will  be  amused  or  interested  in  the 
mummeries  of  a  merely  private,  secret,  selfish,  bigoted,  prescriptive 
cabal,  and  its  stale  debates  about  the  proper  conditions  of  naturaliza 
tion,  and  the  claims  of  adopted  citizens  to  the  privilege  of  gracing 
the  parades  of  the  militia  on  muster  days,  and  the  non-conformity 
of  Catholic  clergy  to  the  approved  protestant  tenures  of  churches 
and  burying  grounds,  when  the  discussion  of  the  great  question, 
whether  this  shall  be  a  land  of  freedom  or  a  land  of  slavery,  shall 


THE   CONTEST  AND  THE   CRISIS.  245 

have  actually  begun,  and  every  popular  tribune  is  occupied  ?  When 
the  sea  is  calm,  light  and  fanciful  barks  sport  safely  and  gaily  on  its 
surface,  among  its  merchantmen  and  its  ships  of  war.  But  when 
the  storm  king  lashes  the  waves,  and  they  rise  up  to  kiss  his  feet, 
the  fantastical  craft,  no  matter  how  broad  its  streamers,  or  how  sharp 
its  keel,  or  how  dexterous  its  navigator,  suddenly  disappears. 

I  conclude,  therefore,  that  you  all,  if  not  now,   yet  soon  enough^ 
will  take  one  side  or  the  other  in  this  great  controversy. 

Which  side?  It  will  be  the  side  on  which  justice,  equality  and 
freedom,  shall  be  found ;  and,  therefore,  on  which  final  success  and 
triumph  shall  be  found.  Which  side  is  that?  Even  the  matbema-_ 
tician^annot  prove  a  self-eyjr)p,r|t,  truth  in  his  sciepra;  no?  ran  T 
demonstrate  a  self-evident  truth  in  politics.  To  assert  that  justice, 
or  freedom,  may  be  found  on  the  side  of  those  who  are  laboring  to 
fortify  and  extend  slavery,  is  one  of  those  paradoxes  which  pen 
sioned  error  requires  us  to  refute.  I  may  be  able  to  illustrate  its 
absurdity.  Justice,  equality  and  freedom,  in  political  discussions, 
relate  to  individual  men  and  masses  of  men  in  the  state.  The  old 
Roman  state  consisted  of  members  constituting  three  classes :  1st. 
Patricians  or  privileged  citizens ;  2d.  Plebeians  or  unprivileged  citi 
zens  ;  3d.  Slaves,  equally  held  by  both  of  the  other  classes.  All 
the  politics  of  that  great  and  powerful  people,  whether  of  peace  or 
war,  domestic  or  foreign,  turned  on  the  ever-changing  balances  of 
these  three  classes  and  chiefly  on  that  of  the  two  first.  In  the 
United  States,  there  are  also  three  classes.  Slaveholders,  non-slave 
holders  and  slaves.  From  the  foundation  of  our  system,  and  even 
from  an  early  period,  in  the  revolutionary  war  itself,  all  American 
politics,  whether  of  peace  or  war,  and  whether  domestic  or  foreign, 
have  mainly  turned,  as  they  are  now  conspicuously  turning,  with 
the  vibrations  of  the  balances  between  these  three  classes,  and  chiefly 
those  of  the  balances  between  the  two  first.  Always  the  slavehold 
ers,  apprehensive  of  danger  to  property  and  pretensions  anomalous 
and  obnoxious,  seek  to  fortify  themselves,  with  blind  disregard  to 
the  rights  and  interests  of  non-slaveholders.  Always  the  non-slave 
holders,  having  an  increasing  consciousness  that  slavery  in  any 
degree  is  injurious  to  the  state,  and  dangerous  in  proportion  to  its 
strength,  seek  to  counteract  the  policy  of  the  slaveholders  by  diffus 
ing  the  spirit  of  freedom.  The  cause  of  the  non-slaveholders  is 
assumed  by  the  republican  party,  and  by  no  other  party,  sect  or 


246  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 


On  which  side,  then,  may  we  expect  that  justice,  equality 
and  liberty,  will  be  found  ? 

The  opposition,  however,  tell  us  they  cannot  yet  see  that  slave 
holders  may  not  possibly  have  justice  on  their  side.  Let  us  try  to 
make  the  matter  plain.  Slaveholders  are  men  engaged  in  the  occu 
pations  of  society,  and  they  are  a  power  in  the  state.  Non-slave 
holders,  using  only  free  labor,  are  human  also,  and  another  power  in 
the  state.  Their  systems  clash,  their  interests  conflict,  their  ambi 
tions  conflict.  The  one  power  strives  to  extend,  the  other  to  circum 
scribe,  slavery.  The  republicans,  by  succession,  are  the  party  who 
have  opposed  all  the  political  concessions  which  have  hitherto  been 
made  to  slavery.  They  opposed  successfully  the  introduction  of 
slavery  into  the  northwest  territory.  They  opposed,  with  partial 
success,  the  extension  of  slavery  in  the  territory  acquired  from 
France.  They  opposed,  with  partial  success,  the  extension  of  slavery 
in  the  state  of  Texas.  They  opposed,  with  partial  success,  the  ex 
tension  of  slavery  in  the  territory  obtained  by  conquest  from  Mexico. 
They  opposed  the  abrogation  of  the  restriction  in  favor  of  freedom 
contained  in  the  Missouri  compromise.  They  now  demand  the  ad 
mission,  not  only  of  free  states,  but  also  of  free  states  only,  into  the 
American  Union.  The  slaveholders  are  the  party  by  whose  power 
and  influence  all  the  enlargements  of  slavery  within  the  United  States 
have  been  made.  On  which  side,  then,  are  justice,  equality  and  free 
dom  ?  Answer  me  upon  your  honors  and  your  consciences. 

An  immediate  issue  involves  the  question  whether  Kansas  shall  be 
rescued  from  jeopardy  of  slavery,  aggravated  perhaps  by  the  horrors- 
of  civil  war,  and  brought  into  the  Union  as  a  free  state,  notwith 
standing  the  dereliction  of  congress  and  the  treachery  of  the  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States.  This  issue  is  to  be  decided  by  the 
present  congress,  or  possibly  continued  before  the  next  congress, 
under  a  new  administration.  The  republican  party  are  committed 
to  the  rescue  of  Kansas.  Is  it  not  just  that  Kansas  shall  be  a  free 
state  ?  Is  it  not  an  inherent  right  of  every  community  to  be  free, 
if  it  desires  to  be  so  ?  What  does  your  Declaration  of  Independence 
mean,  if  it  do  not  mean  that  ?  Was  not  freedom  pledged  to  Kansas 
in  1820,  by  the  slaveholders  themselves?  Was  -not  that  pledge 
surreptitiously  and  perfidiously  broken  in  1854,  by  the  Kansas  ter 
ritorial  act  ?  Was  not  freedom  pledged  even  by  that  act  to  the 
people  of  Kansas,  if  they  should  desire  to  be  free  ?  Is  not  even 


THE  CONTEST  AND  THE   CRISIS.  247 

that  pledge  shamefully  broken  by  the  usurpation  of  the  Missouri 
slaveholders  ?  Let  the  republican  party  prevail  in  this  and  in  the 
next  canvass,  and  Kansas  will  become  a  free  state.  Let  the  republi 
can  party  fail,  and  Kansas  will  inevitably  be  a  slave  state.  On 
which  side,  then,  are  justice,  equality,  and  freedom  ?  Answer  me, 
as  you  will  expect  to  answer  at  the  bar  of  the  public  opinion  of 
mankind. 

The  sophists  return  to  the  argument  with  new  and  various  dilem 
mas.  They  are  not  satisfied  that  congress  had  the  power  to  enact 
the  restriction  contained  in  the  Missouri  compromise  of  1820.  Grant 
that  they  had  not.  Yet  the  people  of  Kansas  have  the  right  now 
to  establish  a  free  state.  But  congress  had  constitutional  power  to 
enact  that  restriction.  It  was  identical  with  the  ordinance  of  1787. 
That  ordinance  was  established  simultaneously  with  the  passing  and 
adoption  of  the  constitution,  and  successive  constitutional  congresses 
have  ratified  and  confirmed  it.  Did  not  the  statesmen  of  1787 
understand  the  constitutional  powers  of  congress  ? 

Again:  There  is  no  part  of  the  territory  of  the  United  States 
over  which  there  is  not  plenary  absolute  sovereignty  residing  some 
where?  Where  does  that  sovereignty  reside  ?  in  the  people  of  the 
United  States.  By  whom  is  the  legislative  power  of  that  sovereignty 
exercised?  By  congress  alone.  Congress  can  make  all  "needful 
rules  and  regulations  "  concerning  the  public  lands  and  other  property 
of  the  United  States.  The  prohibition  of  slavery  was  the  most 
needful  of  all  rules  and  regulations.  How  pitiful  is  the  quibble 
built  on  a  criticism  of  the  terms  of  this  grant,  when  the  constitution 
contains  no  other  grant  of  legislative  power  over  the  territories,  and 
the  entire  establishment  of  government  in  the  territories  rests  on 
this  one  grant  only ! 

The  opposition  tell  us,  that  if  congress  could  prohibit  slavery  in 
territories,  then  they  might  establish  it  there ;  and  hence  they  argue 
against  the  power  to  prohibit.  No !  Congress  can  establish  slavery 
nowhere.  Slavery  was  never  established  rightfully  anywhere.  Nor 
was  it  ever  established  by  law.  It  is  in  violation  of  every  line  of 
the  Declaration  of  Independence,  and  of  the  whole  summary  of 
personal  rights  contained  in  the  constitution.  It  is  derogatory  from 
the  absolute  rights  of  human  nature,  and  no  human  power  can  sub 
vert  trKHe  rights.  On  which  side,  then,  are  justice,  equality,  and 
freedom?  Answer,  as  you  would  have  your  constitution  stand  a 


248  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

charter  of  freedom,  or  be  perverted  to  the  overthrow  of  the  rights 
of  mankind. 

But,  granting  that  justice,  freedom,  and  equality,  are  on  the  side 
of  the  republican  party,  we  are  asked,  what  guaranties  can  it  give 
of  loyalty  to  the  constitution  and  the  Union  ?  The  question  is  an 
insult  to  your  state,  to  the  memories  of  its  founders,  and  the  memo 
ries  of  your  fathers.  Are  loyalty  and  patriotism  peculiar  virtues  of 
slaveholders  only  ?  Are  sedition  and  treason  natural  vices  of  men, 
who,  fearing  God  and  loving  liberty  for  themselves,  would  therefore 
extend  its  blessings  to  all  mankind  ?  What  is  there  inherent  in  the 
nature  of  slavery,  to  make  slaveholders  loyal  to  institutions  of  free 
dom  and  equality  ?  "What  is  there  inherent  in  the  nature  of  freedom, 
to  make  those  who  possess,  cherish,  and  defend  it,  disloyal  to  its 
noble  and  necessary  institutions?  We  give  the  guaranty  of  princi 
ples  identical  with  the  principles  of  the  constitution  and  the  Declara 
tion  of  Independence.  We  give  the  guaranties  of  peaceful,  just, 
and  loyal  lives,  marked  with  a  patience  that  has  endured  as  long  as 
they  were  tolerable,  and  without  even  a  ruffling  of  the  temper,  not 
only  the  insults  of  slaveholders,  but  their  menaces  of  disunion. 
Can  slaveholders  give  better  guaranties  than  these?  Will  they  even 
give  you  any  guaranties  of  fidelity  to  the  constitution  and  the  Union  ? 
No,  they  argue  only  in  threats  of  the  subversion  of  both. 

The  apologists  of  slavery,  thus  jnet,  change  front  suddenly,  and 
ask  us  whether  it  jg^gafc  tr>  J^ra.vp.  these  menaces  of  disunion.  I 
answer— Jfes^jresJ  Interests  of  a  thousand  kinds — material,  social, 
moral,  and  political — affections  springing  from  the  very  constitution 
of  our  nature — bind  us  non-slaveholders  to  this  Union.  The  slave 
holders,  in  spite  of  all  these  threats,  are  bound  to  it  by  the  same 
bonds,  and  they  are  bound  to  it  also  by  a  bond  peculiarly  their  own 
— that  of  dependence  on  it  for  their  own  safety.  Three  millions  of 
slaves  are  a  hostile  force  constantly  in  their  presence,  in  their  very 
midst.  The  servile  war  is  always  the  most  fearful  form  of  war. 
The  world  without  sympathizes  with  the  servile  enemy.  Against 
that  war,  the  American  Union  is  the  only  defense  of  the  slavehold 
ers — their  only  protection.  If  ever  they  shall,  in  a  season  of  mad 
ness,  secede  from  that  Union  and  provoke  that  war,  they  will 

soon  come  back  again. 

Nor  are  these  threats  the  threats  of  slaveholders  themselves. 
They  are  arguments  of  politicians  in  behalf  of  the  slaveholders.  No 


THKEATS  OF  DISUNION  CONSIDERED.  249 

man,  heated  by  passion  or  the  spirit  of  controversy,  can  safely 
pledge  his  future  conduct.  Reason  will  decide  that  for  him,  when 
the  contemplated  emergency  shall  have  come.  Neither  can  these 
politicians  pledge  the  future  conduct  of  the  slaveholders.  They 
will  decide  for  themselves,  when  the  time  for  their  acquiescence 
comes.  No  mass  of  men  in  this  country  are  so  libeled  by  their  ene 
mies  as  the  slaveholders  are  by  their  friends.  I  know  many  of  them 
well.  I  have  seen  them  in  their  homes,  on  their  plantations,  and  in 
their  social  circles.  I  never  knew  a  disloyal  man  amongst  them. 
But,  even  if  the  case  were  otherwise,  are  we  always  to  submit  to 
threats  instead  of  arguments — to  refer  everything  to  the  umpirage 
of  passion — to  surrender  everything  to  those  who  hold  us  in  duress 
by  our  fears?  If  this  is  to  be  the  rule,  how  long  shall  we  have  any 
thing  valuable,  in  policy,  justice,  equality,  or  freedom,  to  surrender? 
I  know  not  how  it  may  affect  you,  but  every  nerve  and  fibre  and 
element  of  manhood  within  me  is  stretched  to  its  utmost  tension 
by  these  perpetual  appeals  to  the  ignoble  instinct  of  fear,  and  not 
to  the  impartial  counsel  of  my  conscience  and  my  judgment.  Last, 
comes  one  who  with  seeming  meekness  asks  us  to  consider  whether 
it  is  wise  to  jeopard  the  safety  and  happiness  of  twenty-five  millions 
of  white  men,  in  a  vain  effort  to  mitigate  the  sufferings  of  only 
three  millions  of  negroes?  Humane,  cautious,  paternal,  conscien 
tious,  man !  I  might  join  issue,  and  ask  where,  in  the  ethics 
either  of  government  or  of  Christianity,  you  find  authority  to  hold 
three  millions  of  men  in  bondage,  to  promote  the  welfare  or  even  to 
secure  the  safety  of  twenty-five  millions  of  other  men.  But  that 
argument  belongs  to  the  abolitionists  of  slavery,  who  do  not  reckon 
me  in  their  number,  and  whose  objects  in  this  election  are  far  more 
comprehensive  than  those  of  the  republican  party  which  I  defend. 

I  leave  the  rights  and  the  interests  of  the  slaves  in  the  states  to 
their  own  care  and  that  of  their  advocates  ;  I  simply  ask  whether 
the  safety  and  the  interests  of  twenty-five  millions  of  free  non-slave- 
holding  white  men  ought  to  be  sacrificed  or  put  in  jeopardy  for  the 
convenience  or  safety  of  three  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  slave 
holders  ?  I  hear  no  answer. 

There  can  be  no  answer,  unless  the  apologists  of  slavery  shall 
unblushingly  assert  that  slaveholders,  in  their  intercourse  with  non- 
slaveholders,  are  calm,  tolerant,  just.  How  is  the  fact?  The  non- 
slaveholder  in  the  slave  state  is  allowed  no  independence,  no 

VOL.  IV.  32 


250  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

neutrality.  He  must  support,  maintain  and  defend  slavery.  The 
non-slaveholders  constitute  only  a  second  estate  in  every  slavehold- 
ing  community ;  whips,  pistols,  knives,  enforce  not  merely  their 
silence,  but  their  active  partizanship.  The  right  of  free  speech  is 
lost  to  them,  the  right  of  suffrage  is  valueless  to  them,  the  honors 
and  rewards  of  public  office  are  denied  to  them.  In  Kansas,  now 
by  usurpation  a  slave  territory,  the  utterance  of  this  speech,  calm 
and  candid  although  I  mean  it  to  be,  would  be  treason ;  the  reading 
and  circulation  of  it  in  print  would  be  punished  with  death. 

Hitherto,  this  tyranny  of  slaveholders  over  non-slaveholding 
citizens  has  been  mainly  confined  to  slaveholding  communities.  But 
slavery  has  of  late  arrogantly  claimed  to  be  national.  Congress  is 
sanctioning  the  usurpation,  and  the  federal  courts  and  even  state 
courts  are  boldly  enforcing  it.  In  violation  of  the  constitution,  con 
gress  compels  the  non-slaveholders  in  the  free  states  to  capture  and 
deliver  the  fugitive  slave.  Congress  at  its  last  session  was  on  the  eve 
of  subverting  the  original,  honored  jurisdiction  of  state  courts  over 
federal  officers  accused  of  offenses  against  the  personal  rights  of  the 
citizen.  The  ancient  writ  of  habeas  corpus  has  become  a  remedy  in 
the  capture  of  slaves,  and  the  process  of  punishment  for  contempt 
suffices  to  imprison  a  non-slaveholding  citizen,  without  indictment, 
trial  or  conviction,  without  bail  or  mainprize,  and  without  limitation 
of  sentence,  where  a  slaveholder  is  the  prosecutor.  Are  not  these 
invasions  of  state  rights  fearfully  premonitory  that  slavery  is  to  be 
come  a  universally  ruling  power  throughout  the  republic  ? 

Nevertheless,  and  in  view  of  all  these  things,  the  apologists  of 
slavery  ask :  Why  bring  these  issues  into  a  merely  state  election  ? 
"Who  brought  them  here?  What  are  the  platforms  of  the  hards, 
the  softs  and  the  know-nothings,  but  issues  with  the  republican 
party,  by  demurrer  or  by  denial,  tendered  by  themselves?  Can  you 
organize  a  republican  national  party  one  year,  and  dissolve  it  the 
next,  and  yet  restore  it  in  a  third  year,  to  accommodate  local  politics  ? 
Why  have  the  parties  in  this  state,  always  competent  to  control  the 
action  of  the  federal  government,  left  these  national  grievances  to 
reach  this  intolerable  height?  Why  should  not  the  legislature, 
the  magistrates,  and  the  ministerial  officers,  of  this  state  be  men  who 
dare  to  defend,  and  will  defend,  the  rights  of  its  citizens?  Awayt 
then,  with  these  subterfuges. 

I  dwell  briefly  on  the  momentous  importance  of  this  crisis.     We 


IMPORTANCE   OF  THE   CRISIS.  251 

are  indeed  sixteen  free  states  to  fifteen  slave  states,  and  numerically 
we  have  a  majority  of  representatives  in  both  houses  of  congress. 
So  we  had  when  the  Missouri  compromise  restriction  was  abrogated. 
You  have  no  reliable  majority  in  either  house,  unless  you  instruct, 
support  and  maintain  them  at  home.  If  you  do  this,  there  is  an  end 
to  the  extension  of  slavery  ;  if  you  do  not,  slavery,  which  is  now 
firmly  planted  on  the  coast  of  Mexico,  and  which  extends  upward  to 
the  border  at  Kansas,  will  cross  that  border  and  fasten  its  outposts 
on  the  southern  border  of  British  America.  Thus  the  free  states 
will  be  shut  out  from  the  Pacific  coast.  Divided  by  this  wall,  the 
free  states  become  imbecile,  and  slavery  grasps  the  dominion  of  the 
republic.  Dominion  over  this  republic,  by  whomever  exercised,  is 
dominion  over  the  continent  and  all  its  islands.  Where  will  free 
dom,  impartial  freedom,  find  a  refuge?  Will  it  even  find  one  in 
British  America  ?  Are  you  willing  to  be  driven  to  find  it  there  ?  If 
it  cannot  be  maintained  here,  can  it  be  secured  there  ?  Shall  this  be 
the  inglorious  end  of  the  republican  system  planted  at  Plymouth  — 
this  the  inglorious  end  of  the  republic  delivered  by  Lafayette,  organ 
ized  and  consolidated  by  Washington  ? 

Tell  me  not  that  these  are  exaggerations.     Forbear  si^c 

ovi  can  show  me  when  or  w'nere  I  have  sounded  a,  fnlsp 


or  exaggerated  any  one  of  the  dangers  through  which,  in  the  course 
of  this  long  strife  with  the  slaveholders,  we,  have  been  passing. 

I  am  indeed  earnest  !     I  have  seen  slavery  in  the  slave  states,  and 
^>^^^?^*^*?^**^^*^^^1~       '~  .      i  — 

freeudm  in  trie  free  states  ;  I  have  even  seen  both  slavery  and  free-  _ 

cipm  in  this  state  ;_I-  know  too  well  the  evils  of  the  former  to  be 
willing  to  spare  any  effort  to  prevent  their  return.  The  experience 
of  New  York  tells  the  whole  argument  against  slavery  extension, 
the  whole  argument  for  universal  freedom.  Suppose  that,  fifty  years 
ago,  New  York,  like  Virginia  and  Maryland,  had  clung  to  slavery, 
where  now  would  have  been  these  three  composite  millions  of  free 
men,  the  choice  and  flower  of  Europe  and  America?  In  that  case, 
would  superstition  and  false  national  pride  have  needed  to  organ 
ize  a  secret  cabal,  affiliated  by  unlawful  oaths,  to  proscribe  the  exile 
and  his  children  for  their  nativity  or  their  conscience'  sake  ?  Where 
would,  then,  have  been  the  Erie  canal,  the  Genesee  Valley  canal,  the 
Oswego  canal,  the  Seneca  and  Cayuga  canal,  the  Crooked  Lake 
canal,  the  Chemung  canal,  the  Chenango  canal,  the  Black  River 
canal,  the  Champlain  canal  —  where  the  imperial  New  York  Central 


252  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

railroad,  the  Erie  railroad,  and  the  Ogdensburgh  railroad,  with  their 
branches  penetrating  not  only  every  inhabited  district  in  this  state, 
but  every  inhabited  region  also  in  adjacent  states  and  in  British 
America?  Where  would  have  been  the  colleges,  academies,  and 
above  all,  the  free  common  schools,  yielding  instruction  to  children 
of  all  sects  and  in  all  languages  ?  Where  the  asylums  and  other 
public  charities,  and  above  all,  that  noble  emigrant  charity  which 
crowns  the  state  with  such  distinguished  honor  ?  Where  these  ten 
thousand  churches  and  cathedrals,  renewing  on  every  recurring 
Sabbath  day  the  marvel  of  Pentecost,  when  the  sojourner  from 
every  land  hears  the  gospel  of  Christ  preached  to  him  in  his  own 
tongue  ?  Where  would  have  been  the  steamers,  the  barges,  brigs 
and  schooners  which  crowd  this  harbor  of  Buffalo,  bringing  hither 
the  productions  of  the  Mississippi  valley  and  of  the  gulf  coast,  in 
exchange  for  the  fabrics  of  the  Atlantic  coast  and  of  Europe,  and  for 
the  teas  and  spices  of  Asia  ?  Where  the  coasting  vessels,  the  mer 
chant  ships,  the  clippers,  the  whale  ships,  and  the  ocean  mail  steam 
ers,  which  are  rapidly  concentrating  in  our  great  seaport  the  commerce 
of  the  world  ?  Where  the  American  navy,  at  once  the  representa 
tive  and  champion  of  the  cause  of  universal  republicanism  ?  Where 
your  inventors  of  steamboats,  of  electric  telegraphs,  and  of  planing 
machines — where  your  ingenious  artizans — where  your  artists — where 
your  mighty  press  ?  Where  your  twenty  cities — and  where,  above 
all,  the  merry,  laughing  agricultural  industry  of  native-born  and  exotic 
laborers,  enlivening  the  whole  broad  landscape,  from  the  lake  coast 
to  the  ocean's  side.  Go  ask  Virginia— go  ask  even  noble  Maryland,  ex 
pending  as  she  is  a  giant's  strength  in  the  serpent's  coils,  to  show  you 
her  people,  canals,  railroads,  universities,  schools,  charities,  commerce, 
cities,  and  cultivated  acres.  Her  silence  is  your  expressive  answer. 
Once  more :  Spaniards  planted  slave  states  in  America ;  England 
planted  not  only  slave  states  but  free  ones.  Spain  planted  twice  as 
many  as  England,  and  cultivated  them  with  more  assiduous  and 
maternal  care.  The  Anglo-American  free  states  are  all  of  them  strong 
and  vigorous,  and  already  overshadow  the  continent.  Europe  regards 
them  with  respect  and  admiration.  There  is  not  one  Spanish  Amer 
ican  state  that  is  truly  self-subsisting  and  independent.  Sciolists 
talk  of  Anglo-Saxon  blood.  ISTo  nobler  blood  than  the  Iberian  ever 
coursed  through  human  veins.  But  the  Spaniard  planted  only  slave 
states.  The  Anglo-Saxon  planted  free  ones. 


THE  DOMINANT  CLASS  IN  THE  REPUBLIC. 

DETROIT,  OCTOBER  2,  1856. 

THE  PROCESS  of  empire-building  in  these  United  States  of  Ame 
rica  is  in  some  respects  new  and  peculiar.  We  had  not  here  a 
state  which  was  compact  and  complete  at  its  beginning,  nor  have  we 
conquered  other  nations,  or  planted  colonies,  near  or  distant,  to  be 
held  as  dependencies  by  force  alone.  On  the  contrary,  we  had  a 
broad  foundation  laid,  upon  which  were  raised  at  first  only  thirteen 
columns,  a  portion  of  an  indefinite  number  which  were  to  be  erected 
during  a  long  future,  all  of  one  material  and  equal  strength,  and  all 
to  be  combined  inseparably,  according  to  one  great  original  design. 

New  states,  ultimately  to  become  members  of  the  Federal  Union, 
pass  through  stages  of  unorganized  colonization,  and  of  dependence 
and  pupilage  under  the  federal  government,  or  that  of  some  foreign 
power,  and  receive  their  biases  and  even  form  their  social  institutions 
during  those  early  stages.  Nevertheless,  so  intimate  is  the  union  of 
all  these  states,  that  each  exerts  no  measured  influence  upon  every 
other,  while  the  fortune  of  any  one  is  inseparably  involved  in  the 
common  destiny  of  all. 

You  will  infer  at  once  from  these  statements,  that  the  nature  and 
character  of  the  institutions,  of  even  any  one  maturing  territory  in 
the  United  States,  are  subjects  of  the  highest  and  possibly  even  vital 
importance.  That,  although  caprice  and  oppression  may  be  harm 
lessly  practised  by  other  nations  upon  their  provinces  and  colonies, 
yet  such  wrongs,  committed  by  our  federal  government  against  our 
growing  territories,  are  equally  injurious  to  those  territories,  and 
dangerous,  if  not  disastrous,  to  the  whole  republic. 

Itjs_my  purpose  to  sho.w  you,  on  this  occasion,  that  the  slavehold- 
ing  class  of  the  American  people  is  systematically  and^  annfiftflgfi^ly 

of  the  government,  especially  in  regard 


to  the  territories,  so  as  lo  change  t.hp.  constitution  and  endanger _ the    _ 
stability,  welfare  and  liberty  of  the  tTnion.  _ 


I 


254  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

First,  insomuch  as  this  propositionjuust  seem  to  you  bold,  if  not 
new,  I  shall  show  from  general_  principles  that  it  may  possibly  be 
true ;  and  secondly,  I  shall  establish  its  truth  by  undeniable  demon 
stration— 

-^$.'  The  proposition  may  be  true.  Property  is  an  essential 
element  of  civil  society.  So  is  liberty,  which,  properly  understood, 
is  only  the  equal  security  of  all  citizens  against  oppression.  How 
to  adjust  the  balance  between  property  and  liberty  in  states,  is  the 
great  problem  of  government.  Property  is  always  jealous  of 
enlarged  liberty,  and  especially  so  when  it  is  based  on  relations  sub 
versive  of  natural  justice,  which  is  nothing  more  than  equality 
among  men.  Property,  therefore,  has  always  a  biasjtoward^pppres- 
siorijjmd  it  derives  power  to  oppress  from  its  own  jiajprejfche  watch 
fulness  of  its  possessors,  and  the  ease  with  which  they  can  combine. 
Liberty  is  exposed  to  the  danger  of  such  oppression  by  means  of  the 
inconsiderateness  and  the  jealousies  which  habitually  prevail  among 
subjects  or  citizens.  In  every  state  all  the  property  classes  sympa 
thize  with  each  other,  through  the  force  of  common  instincts  of  fear, 
cupidity  and  ambition,  and  are  easily  marshaled  under  the  lead  of 
one  which  becomes  dominant  and  represents  the  whole.  Wherever 
the  rights  and  duties  of  the  property  classes  are  defined  and  regu 
lated,  with  sufficient  constraints  to  prevent  oppression,  and  liberty  is 
at  the  same  time  so  bounded  as  to  secure  property  against  social  or 
individual  aggression,  there  the  people  are  free  and  the  state  is  repub 
lican.  WligrftjJ2J^_J)fl.1fl.Tip.p>  is^ot ^accurately  adjusted,_Jib£ity- is 
Abridged,  and  a  property  class  administers  the  government,  in  jthe^ 
form  of  an  aristocracy,  or  a  monarchy,  or  a  despotism.  The  mere 
mention  of  the  names  of  Switzerland,  Venice,  France  (her  various 
alternations  being  remembered),  Great  Britain  and  Eussia,  furnishes 
all  needful  illustrations  of  these  positions.  Human  nature  and  the 
physical  elements  of  society  are  everywhere  the  same.  It  is  there 
fore  possible  that  social  and  political  errors  and  evils  which  have 
frequently  existed  elsewhere,  may  find  entrance  here. 

Secondly :  The  allegation  of  the  perversion  of  the  government  by 
the  slave  property  class,  which  I  have  made,  is  true.  Firstjet  jus., 
see  whether  such  a  direction  jpf  the  government,  as  it  describes  "was 
designed  or  expected  by  its  founders.  On  the  contrary,  they  laid 
the  foundations  of  the  states,  not  in  property — much  less  in  slave 
property — but  in  the  natural  rights  or  political  equality  of  men. 


THE   DOMINANT  CLASS.  255 

They  established  few  safeguards  of  property,  knowing  how  apt  it  is 
to  take  care  of  itself,  while  they  built  strong  bulwarks  around  liberty, 
knowing  how  easily  liberty  is  everywhere  overthrown.  The  Decla 
ration  of  Independence,  which  no  weak  or  wicked  citizen  then  dared 
to  pronounce  a  series  of  abstractions,  recited  as  the  fundamental 
truth  of  the  great  political  society  which  it  ushered  into  the  presence 
of  nations,  that  "all  men  are  created  equal" — "endowed  by  their 
Creator  with  the  inalienable  rights"  of  "life,  liberty  and  the  pursuit 
of  happiness  ;"  and  that  "  governments  are  instituted  among  men  to 
secure  those  rights,"  and  derive  their  powers  only  "from  the  consent 
of  the  governed." 

The  convention  which  framed  the  constitution,  submitted  it  to  the 
American  people  by  a  letter  bearing  the  signature  of  George  Wash 
ington,  in  which  its  character  was  denned  with  a  steady  hand  in  a 
clear  light.  "  Individuals,"  said  the  convention,  "  entering  into 
society,  must  give  up  a  share  of  liberty  to  preserve  the  rest.  The 
magnitude  of  the  sacrifice  must  depend  as  well  on  situation  and  cir 
cumstances  as  on  the  object  to  be  attained.  In  all  our  deliberations 
on  this  subject,  the  object  which  the  convention  has  kept  steadily  in 
view  was  the  consolidation  of  the  Union,  in  which  is  involved  our 
prosperity,  felicity,  safety,  perhaps  our  national  existence.  This  impor 
tant  consideration,  seriously  and  deeply  impressed  on  our  minds,  led 
each  state  in  the  convention  to  be  less  rigid  on  points  of  inferior  magni 
tude  than  might  have  been  otherwise  expected."  An  analysis  of  the 
constitution,  especially  including  its  amendment,  justifies  this  decla 
ration,  that  the  points  on  which  liberality  of  concession  to  property 
was  exercised,  were  only  those  of  inferior  magnitude,  and  that  neither 
prosperity,  felicity,  safety  nor  national  existence,  was  intended  to  be 
put  at  hazard  for  the  preservation  of  a  mere  remnant  or  shadow  of 
liberty.  Xhejjeople?  speaking  in  the  constitution,  declared  their 
high  objects  in  that  great  transaction  in  words  simple,  majestic  and 
comprehensive,  "to  form  a  perfect  Union,  establish  justice,  insure 
domestic  tranquillity,  provide  for  the  common  defense,  promote  the 
general  welfare,  and  secure  the  blessings  of  liberty  to  ourselves  and 
to  our  posterity."  They  boldjj  and^  directly  laid  the  axe  to  the  roots 
of  jjrivileges  and  of  classes,.,  they  broke_  the  very  mainsprings  of 
aristocracy,  or  at .  Jeas£_ihey  attempi^d^tO-jla-sOy  by_ ordaining,  that 
"no  title  of  nobility  shall  bev.granted  by  the  United  States,  or  by 
any  state;"  and  that  "congress  shall  make  no  law  respecting  an 


256  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

establishment  of  religion,  or  prohibiting  the  free  exercise  thereof." 
Although  the_£eople  well, knew  that  nearly  every  fourth  person  in 
the  new  republic  was  actually  a  stove*  &nd  that  perhaps  one  of  every 
twenty  persons  was  a  slaveholder — and  so  they  well  understood  the 
existence  among  themselves  of  caste  and  class — vet  they_pertina- 
ciously  refused  to  recognize  eilher^and,  on  the  contrary,  treated  of 
all  the  subjects  of  the  government,  under  the  common  and  promiscu 
ous  description  of  "  persons,"  thus  confounding  classes  and  recog 
nizing  only  men.  While  they  aimed  at  an  ultimate  extinction  of 
that  caste,  and  the  class  built  upon  it,  by  authorizing  congress  to 
prohibit  the  importation  of  "  persons  "  who  were  slaves,  after  1808, 
and  to  tax  it  severely  in  the  meantime,  and  while  they  necessarily 
left  to  the  individual  states  the  management  of  the  domestic  relations 
of  all  classes  and  castes  existing  therein,  they  especially  declared 
what  should  be  the  rights  and  relations  of  all  "  persons,"  so  far  as 
they  were  to  be  affected  by  the  action  of  the  federal  government 
which  they  were  establishing.  "  The  privilege  of  the  writ  of  habeas 
corpus  shall  not  be  suspended,  unless,  when,  in  case  of  rebellion  or 
invasion,  the  public  security  shall  require  it."  "  No  bill  of  attainder 
or  ex  post  facto  law  shall  be  passed."  "  No  capitation  or  other  direct 
tax  shall  be  laid,  unless  in  proportion  to  the  census."  "  The  United 
States  shall  guaranty  to  every  state  in  the  Union  a  republican  form 
of  government."  "  The  right  of  the  people  to  keep  and  bear  arms 
shall  not  be  infringed."  "  The  right  of  the  people  to  be  secure  in 
their  persons,  houses,  papers  and  effects,  against  unreasonable  searches 
and  seizures,  shall  not  be  violated."  They  ordained  "trial  by  jury,1' 
prohibited  "  excessive  bail  and  excessive  fines,  and  cruel  and  unusual 
punishments,"  and  "  reserved  to  the  states  and  to  the  people  all  the 
powers  of  government  not  expressly  delegated  to  the  United  States." 
Among  these  broad  and  comprehensive  reservations  of  liberty, 
only  two  inferior  and  guarded  stipulations  were  made  with  the  slave- 
holding  class — namely,  that  "  no  person  held  to  service  or  labor  in 
one  state,  under  the  laws  thereof,  escaping  into  another,  shall,  in 
consequence  of  any  law  or  regulation  therein,  be  discharged  from 
such  service  or  labor,  but  shall  be  delivered  up,  on  claim  of  the  party 
to  whom  such  service  or  labor  may  be  due;"  and  that  "representa 
tives  and  taxes  shall  be  apportioned  among  the  several  states  which 
shall  be  included  within  this  Union,  according  to  their  respective 
numbers,  which  shall  be  determined  by  adding  to  the  whole  number 


THE  DOMINANT  CLASS.  257 

of  free  persons,  including  those  bound  to  service  for  a  term  of  years, 
and  excluding  Indians  not  taxed,  three-fifths  of  all  other  persons" 

It  is  manifest  that  congress  cannot,  without  violating  the  rights 
of  the  people  reserved  by  their  constitution,  grant  any  favor  or  pri 
vilege  or  advantage  to  the  slaveholding  class,  or  even  ordain  or 
permit  slavery  to  exist  within  the  exclusive  sphere  of  the  federal 

jurisdiction.     The  spirit  of  the  Declaration  of  Independence ___and_of 

the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  thus  flagrantly  hostile  to_classes, 
and  especfally  to  the  slaveholding  cTass^  entered  largely  into  the 
contemporaneous  constitution  and  jawsL.of.  iiLO^LQ|Li^rst.ajgs-  ^-11 
of  them  established  republican  forms  of  governmentTTlost  of  them 
asserted  the  political  equality  of  men.  All  of  them  prohibited 
orders  of  nobility  and  ecclesiastical  classes,  estates  in  mortmain,  and 
estates  by  primogeniture.  Seven  states  immediately  or  speedily 
prohibited  slavery,  and  all  of  the  others  earnestly  debated  the  same 
great  and  benign  reform.  Finally,  though  unable  thus  early  to 
abolish  slavery  in  six  of  the  states  where  it  already  existed,  the 
people  in  the  revolutionary  congress  effectually  provided  for  exclu 
ding  it  forever  in  that  part  of  the  national  domain  which  laid  northwest 
of  the  Ohio,  and  in  the  states  which  were  thereafter  to  be  established 
there. 

I  think,  fellow  citizens,  that  I  have  shown  to  your  abundant  satis 
faction  that_^uch  a  direction  of  the  administration  to  the  establish-     ^~ 
ment  and  a^^an  jizftmftnt  Of  the,  slaveholding  class,  as  I  have  charged, 
if  it  indeed  exisjs,  is  a  perversion  of  the  constitution  of  the  United 
States. 

Seventy  years  of  our  national  history  have  been  fulfilled.  Fix 
your  attention  for  a  moment  now  on  the  slaveholding  class,  as  it  now 
exists.  Although  it  has  been  abolished  by  state  legislation  in  seven 
of  the  first  thirteen  states,  and  although  nine  free  states  which  exclude 
it  have  since  been  admitted  into  the  Union,  yet  the  slaveholding 
class  nevertheless  stands  erect  and  firm  in  fifteen  of  the  present 
thirty-one  states,  numbering  three  hundred  and  forty-seven  thousand 
**  persons,"  on  the  basis  of  three  millions  two  hundred  and  four 
thousand  other  "  persons "  held  to  labor  or  service  by  the  laws 
thereof,  valued  at  twelve  hundred  millions  of  dollars,  combined 
practically  with  all  the  real  estates  in  those  states.  This  class  spreads 
itself  on  the  one  bank  of  the  Mississippi  to  the  Kansas  river,  and  on 
the  other  to  the  Ohio,  and  along  the  Atlantic  coast  from  the  banks 

VOL.  IY.  33 


258  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  the  Delaware  to  those  of  the  Eio  Grande.  In  the  states  where 
this  class  exists,  it  is  not  merely  secure — it  is  permanent  and  com 
pletely  dominant,  to  the  exclusion  not  merely  of  all  civil  rights  on 
the  part  of  the  "persons  who  are  held  to  labor  or  service "  by  it, 
but  to  the  inhibition  of  voluntary  emancipation  by  the  owners  of 
slaves,  to  the  practical  exclusion  of  free  labor  from  the  state,  and  with 
it  freedom  of  speech,  freedom  of  the  press,  freedom  of  the  ballot 
box,  freedom  of  education,  freedom  of  literature,  and  freedom  of 
popular  assemblies.  Thus  established  by  municipal  institutions,  the 
slaveholding  class  has  become  the  governing  power  in  each  of  the 
slaveholding  states,  and  it  practically  chooses  thirty  of  the  sixty-two 
members  of  the  senate,  ninety  of  the  two  hundred  and  thirty -three 
members  of  the  house  of  representatives,  and  one  hundred  and  five 
of  the  two  hundred  and  ninety -five  electors  of  president  and  vice- 
president  of  the  United  States. 

Let  us  now  repair  to  the  federal  capital.  You  see,  that  although 
it  is  sadly  wanting  in  the  elements  of  industry  and  enterprise,  which 
distinguish  the  hundred  cities  of  the  free  states,  yet  it  is  a  respecta 
ble  metropolis,  rich  in  costly  national  structures,  monuments  and 
gardens.  This  elegant  and  tasteful  edifice  is  the  palace  of  the  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States.  Its  incumbent,  you  know  him  right  well 
(for  he  has  acquired  a  painful  notoriety),  is  a  confessed  apologist  of 
the  slave-property  class,  a  libeler  of  freemen  and  free  states,  which 
resist  the  aggressions  of  that  class,  an  abettor  of  the  extension  of 
slavery,  and  of  the  enlargement  of  the  domain  of  that  class,  by  the 
violation  of  time-honored  compacts,  by  armed  usurpations,  conquest 
and  judicial  corruption.  You  remember  his  history.  He  had  been 
equally  obscure  among  civilians  and  generals,  but  he  was  deemed  reli 
able  by  the  slave-property  class  to  suppress  debate  on  its  high  pre 
tensions,  and  he  was  therefore  advanced  to  the  chief  magistracy,  to 
the  exclusion  of  the  most  heroic,  magnanimous,  and  successful  mili 
tary  chief  the  country  has  produced. 

This  broad  highway  is  Pennsylvania  avenue ;  it  leads  between 
stately  storehouses  and  dwellings,  occupied  by  slaveholders  with 
their  slaves,  to  the  capitol.  We  ascend  the  terrace,  through  groves 
embellished  with  statues  and  fountains,  and  enter  the  senate  chamber. 
The  senate  is  before  us.  It  is  an  august  assembly  of  ambassadors, 
deputed  by  thirty-one  equal  states.  It  is  august  by  reason  of  its 
functions.  It  is  an  executive  council,  and  exercises  a  negative  voice 


THE  DOMINANT  CLASS  IN  THE  SENATE.  259 

on  all  appointments  to  all  places  of  trust,  honor  or  profit,  in  the 
republic,  and  a  negative  also  on  all  treaties  of  the  republic  with 
foreign  nations.  As  a  court  of  impeachment,  it  tries  all  political 
crimes  committed  by  public  agents,  and  as  a  legislative  body  its  con 
currence  is  necessary  to  the  passage  of  all  the  laws  of  the  Union. 
The  age,  experience  and  dignity  of  its  members,  together  with  the 
facility  for  transacting  business  which  it  derives  from  the  smallness 
of  its  numbers,  has  enabled  it  to  become  the  dominating  political 
power  in  the  republic.  The  chair  belongs  to  the  vice-president  of 
the  United  States.  He  who  was  last  advanced  to  that  office  is  now 
dead.  You  remember  him.  He  was  chosen  from  a  slave  state. 
The  senate  elected  in  his  place  David  E.  Atchison.  You  know  him 
well.  He  was  chief  statesman  and  captain  in  the  usurpation  and 
conquest  recently  effected  by  the  slaveholding  class  in  Kansas. 
When  his  duties  in  that  relation  called  him  away  from  the  capital, 
his  place  there  was  assigned  to  Jesse  D.  Bright  of  Indiana.  You 
know  him  also.  He  is  acceptable  and  approved  by  the  slave-property 
class,  and  he  has  deserved  to  be. 

At  the  feet  of  the  presiding  officer  you  see  three  secretaries,  while 
his  chair  is  surrounded  by  printers,  sergeants- at  arms,  door-keepers 
and  pages.  Each  of  them  is  either  an  active  or  passive  advocate  of 
the  policy  of  the  slaveholding  class. 

The  business  of  the  day  opens  with  a  debate  on  the  relations  of 
the  country  toward  Great  Britain  and  Central  America — a  theme 
involving  not  merely  immediate  peace  or  war,  but  ultimately  the 
continental  ascendancy  of  the  republic.  The  debate  is  instituted  on 
the  motion  of  the  committee  on  foreign  relations.  The  chairman  of 
that  committee  is  Mr.  James  M.  Mason  of  Virginia,  author  of  the 
last  and  most  notorious  of  the  fugitive  slave  laws.  The  other  mem 
bers  are,  Mr.  Stephen  A.  Douglas,  the  founder  of  that  curious  and 
evanescent  system  of  territorial  government,  whilom  known  by  the 
name  of  Popular  Sovereignty,  but  now  recognized  as  Executive 
Usurpation ;  Mr.  John  A.  Slidell  of  Louisiana,  the  same  who  has 
proposed  a  withdrawal  of  the  naval  squadron  employed  in  suppress 
ing  the  slave  trade  on  the  coast  of  Africa;  Mr.  John  M.  Clayton 
of  Delaware,  who  pronounces  the  prohibition  of  slavery  forever, 
contained  in  the  Missouri  compromise,  unconstitutional ;  Mr.  John 
B.  Weller,  of  California,  who  upholds  the  executive  usurpation  and 
conquest  in  Kansas ;  and  with  these  gentlemen  is  associated  one 


260  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

opponent  of  the  slaveholding  class,  namely,  my  honorable  and  excel 
lent  colleague,  Mr.  Hamilton  Fish  of  New  York. 

The  debate  has  ended  while  we  have  been  canvassing  the  com 
mittee  by  which  it  was  instituted.  And  now  the  question  has 
changed  to  one  of  hardly  less  grave  importance,  namely,  whether 
the  president  of  the  United  States  shall  be  inhibited  from  employ 
ing  the  army  as  a  police  to  enforce  the  tyrannical  laws  of  the  slave- 
holding  conquerors  of  Kansas.  This  proposition  of  the  house  of 
representatives  is  opposed  by  the  committee  on  finance.  That  com 
mittee  has  for  its  chairman  Mr.  Robert  M.  T.  Hunter,  also  of  Vir 
ginia.  He  is  the  same  senator  who  has  just  now  proposed  to  rescind 
that  vote  of  the  senate  which  rather  admitted  than  declared  that  the 
assault  made  by  Preston  S.  Brooks,  a  representative  of  South  Caro 
lina,  in  the  senate  chamber,  on  Mr.  Charles  Sumner,  a  senator  of 
Massachusetts,  for  words  spoken  in  debate,  was  a  breach  of  the 
privileges  of  the  senate.  The  other  members  of  this  great  commit 
tee  are  Mr.  James  A.  Pearce  of  Maryland,  whom  you  see  in  his 
place,  franking  for  circulation  his  declaration  in  favor  of  the  slave 
holders'  candidate  for  the  presidency ;  Mr.  Crittenden  of  Kentucky r 
the  same  senator  who,  as  attorney-general,  removed  Mr.  Fillm ore's 
scruples  concerning  the  suspension  of  the  habeas  corpus  in  the  new 
fugitive  slave  law;  Mr.  Stuart  of  Michigan;  Mr.  Brodhead  of 
Pennsylvania ;  and  Mr.  Toucey  of  Connecticut,  all  of  whom  are 
denouncers  of  that  agitation  which  consists  in  exposing  the  aggres 
sions  of  the  slaveholding  class  upon  the  liberties  of  the  American 
people. 

The  senate  needs  but  little  time  on  a  question  so  simple  as  that 
which  has  thus  been  raised.  It  has  already  vindicated  the  president's 
prerogative,  and  has  now  reached  the  third  among  the  orders  of  the 
day,  namely,  the  improvement  of  the  navigation  of  the  Mississippi,  a 
measure  introduced  by  the  committee  on  commerce.  This  commit 
tee  has  an  aspect  of  unusual  equality.  For  although  it  embraces  Mr. 
Clay  of  Alabama,  and  Mr.  Benjamin  of  Louisiana,  who  are  emi 
nent  champions  of  the  rights  of  slaveholders,  it  nevertheless  has  for 
its  other  members  Mr.  Hamlin,  the  newly  elected  governor  of  Maine, 
the  very  ultra  opponent  of  the  slaveholding  class  who  is  now  ad 
dressing  you,  and  Mr.  Dodge  of  Wisconsin,  who  is  its  chairman. 
But  this  equality  is  in  part  accidental.  The  chairman  votes  against 
the  slaveholding  class,  under  the  plea  of  instructions  given  him  by 


THE   DOMINANT   CLASS   IN   THE   SENATE.  261 

the  state  which  he  represents.  Mr.  Ilamlin  was  yet  in  full  commu 
nion  with  the  slaveholding  democracy  when  he  was  appointed  to  this 
committee,  and  my  own  place  on  it  was  assigned  to  me  while  as  yet 
I  was  a  national  whig,  and  not,  as  now,  a  republican. 

The  debates  in  the  senate  interrupt  us.  Let  us  therefore  forget 
them,  and  proceed  with  our  examination  of  the  constitution  of  its 
committees.  The  committee  on  manufactures  seems  to  have  been 
framed  with  decided  impartiality.  At  its  head  is  Mr.  Wright  of 
New  Jersey,  a  supporter  of  the  policy  of  the  slaveholding  class, 
while  its  other  members  are  Mr.  Allen  of  Khode  Island,  a  moderate 
opponent  of  the  Nebraska  and  Kansas  law,  and  Mr.  Harlan  of  Iowa, 
Mr.  Wilson  of  Massachusetts,  and  Mr.  Trumbull  of  Illinois,  three 
distinguished  and  effective  advocates  of  freedom. 

I  admit  a  similar  equality  in  the  constitution  of  the  committee  on 
agriculture,  for  it  consists  of  the  same  Mr.  Allen  and  Mr.  Harlan, 
together  with  the  indomitable  Mr.  Wade  of  Ohio,  who  are  friends 
of  freedom,  and  also  Mr.  Thomson  of  New  Jersey,  and  Mr.  Hunter 
of  Virginia,  who  are  defenders  of  the  rights  of  slaveholders. 

Glad  to  be  just  to  that  class,  I  acknowledge  with  pleasure  that 
equal  liberality  has  been  manifested  in  the  organization  of  the  com 
mittee  on  the  militia.  Its  chairman  is  Mr.  Houston  of  Texas,  and 
with  him  is  associated  Mr.  Bell,  a  true  representative  of  New  Hamp 
shire,  as  she  was  of  old,  is  now  and  always  ought  to  be ;  and  these 
certainly  are  not  overbalanced  by  Mr.  Dodge  of  Wisconsin,  Mr. 
Biggs  of  North  Carolina,  and  Mr.  Thompson  of  Kentucky. 

I  must  nevertheless  claim  as  a  drawback  on  the  magnanimity  of 
the  senate,  that  these  three  last  committees,  namely,  those  "  on  manu 
factures,"  "on  agriculture,"  and  "on  the  militia,"  have  charge  of 
public  interests  which  have  long  since  been  renounced  by  the  federal 
government  in  favor  of  the  states,  and  that  consequently  those  com 
mittees  are  understood  to  be  merely  nominal,  and  that  in  fact  they 
never  submit  any  measures  for  the  consideration  of  congress. 

On  the  other  hand  we  see  prudence,  if  not  jealousy,  visibly  mani 
fested  in  the  constitution  of  the  committee  on  the  army  and  the  navy, 
the  two  great  physical  forces  of  the  republic.  The  first  of  these 
consists  of  Mr.  Weller  of  California,  Mr.  Fitzpatrick  of  Alabama, 
Mr.  Jones  of  Tennessee,  Mr.  Iverson  of  Georgia,  and  Mr.  Pratt  of 
Maryland,  all  of  whom  favor  the  largest  liberty  to  the  slaveholding 
class ;  and  the  other  is  composed  of  Mr.  Mallory  of  Florida,  Mr. 


262  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

Slidell  of  Louisiana,  Mr.  Thompson  of  New  Jersey,  Mr.  James  of 
Rhode  Island,  all  reliable  supporters  of  that  class,  together  with  the- 
independent,  upright,  and  candid  John  Bell  of  Tennessee. 

The  slaveholding  class  is  a  careful  guardian  of  the  public  domain. 
Mr.  Stuart,  of  Michigan,  is  chairman  of  the  committee  on  public 
lands.  He  is,  as  you  well  know,  of  the  opinion  that  the  agitation 
of  slavery  is  the  prolific  cause  of  the  unhappy  overthrow  of  free 
dom  in  Kansas,  and  his  associates  are  Mr.  Johnson  of  Arkansas,  Mr. 
Clayton  of  Delaware,  Mr.  Mallory  of  Florida  and  Mr.  Pugh  of  Ohior 
who  all  are  tolerant  of  that  overthrow,  and  Mr.  Foot,  who  so  faith 
fully  represents  the  ever-reliable  freemen  of  Vermont. 

Mr.  Benjamin,  of  Louisiana,  presides  over  the  committee  on  private 
claims  upon  the  public  domain,  supported  by  Mr.  Biggs  of  North 
Carolina  and  Mr.  Thompson  of  Kentucky,  with  whom  are  associated 
Mr.  Foster,  a  senator  of  redeemed  Connecticut,  and  Mr.  Wilson  of 
Massachusetts. 

Negotiations  with  the  Indian  tribes  are  continually  required,  to 
provide  room  for  the  migration  of  the  slaveholder  with  his  slaves. 
The  committee  on  Indian  affairs,  excluding  all  senators  from  free 
states,  consists  of  Mr.  Sebastian  of  Arkansas,  Mr.  Rusk  of  Texas, 
Mr.  Toombs  of  Georgia,  Mr.  Brown  of  Mississippi,  Mr.  Reid  of 
North  Carolina  and  Mr.  Bell  of  Tennessee. 

Two  representatives  of  the  interests  of  freedom,  Mr.  Wade  of 
Ohio,  and  Mr.  Fessenden  of  Maine,  hold  places  on  the  committee  on 
claims  against  the  government;  but  they  are  quite  overbalanced  by 
Mr.  Brodhead  of  Pennsylvania,  Mr.  Geyer  of  Missouri,  Mr.  Iverson 
of  Georgia,  and  Mr.  Yulee  of  Florida. 

The  post  office  in  its  transactions  is  more  nearly  domestic  and 
municipal  than  any  other  department  of  the  government,  and  comes 
home  to  the  business  and  bosoms  of  the  whole  people.  Mr.  Rusk 
of  Texas,  is  chairman  of  the  committee  on  the  post  office  and  post 
roads,  and  his  associates  are  Mr.  Yulee  of  Florida,  Mr.  Adams  of 
Mississippi,  Mr.  Jones  of  Iowa,  balanced  by  Mr.  Collamer  of  Ver 
mont,  and  Mr.  Durkee  of  Wisconsin. 

No  inconsiderate  legislation  favorable  to  freemen  must  be  allowed 
in  the  senate,  no  constitutional  legislation  necessary  to  the  security 
of  slavery  must  be  spared.  The  committee  on  the  judiciary,  charged 
with  the  care  of  the  public  jurisprudence,  consists  of  Mr.  Butler  of 
South  Carolina,  Mr.  Bayard  of  Delaware,  Mr.  Geyer  of  Missouri, 


THE   DOMINANT   CLASS  IN  THE  SENATE.  263 

Mr.  Toombs  of  Georgia,  Mr.  Toucey  of  Connecticut,  and  Mr.  Pugh 
of  Ohio.  It  was  the  committee  on  the  judiciary  which,  in  1845,  re 
ported  the  bill  for  removing  from  the  state  courts  into  the  federal 
courts  private  actions  brought  against  federal  officers  for  injuries 
committed  by  them  under  color  of  their  authority. 

The  slaveholding  class  watches  with  paternal  jealousy  over  the 
slaveholding  capital  of  the  United  States.  The  committee  on  the 
District  of  Columbia  consists  of  Mr.  Brown  of  Mississippi,  Mr.  Pratt 
of  Maryland,  Mr.  Mason  of  Virginia,  and  Mr.  Eeid  of  North  Caro 
lina,  together  with  Mr.  Allen  of  Rhode  Island. 

The  committee  on  territories  has  care  of  the  colonization,  organi 
zation,  and  admission  of  new  states,  and  so  is  in  fact  the  most  impor 
tant  of  all  the  committees  in  the  senate.  Mr.  Douglas,  of  Illinois, 
is  its  chairman,  and  his  associates  are  his  willing  supporters,  Mr. 
Jones  of  Iowa,  Mr.  Sebastian  of  Arkansas,  Mr.  Biggs  of  North 
Carolina,  together  with  Mr.  Bell  of  Tennessee,  and  the  able  and 
faithful  Mr.  Collamer  of  Vermont. 

Finally,  the  science  and  literature  of  the  country  must  not  be 
unduly  directed  to  the  prejudice  of  the  interest:'  of  shiver;.'.  The 
committee  on  the  library  take  charge  of  this  great  intellectual  inte 
rest,  and  it  consists  of  Mr.  Pearce  of  Maryland,  Mr.  Cass,  the  emi 
nent  senator  from  Michigan,  and  Mr.  Bayard  of  Delaware. 

You  will  say  that  my  review  of  the  committees  of  the  senate  is 
unjust,  because  you  have  not  heard  me  mention  the  names  of  those 
distinguished  champions  of  freedom  in  the  senate,  John  P.  Hale  of 
New  Hampshire,  and  Charles  Sumner  of  Massachusetts.  Behold 
the  places  assigned  to  them !  Mr.  Hale  graces  the  committees  on 
"  revolutionary  claims  "  and  on  "public  buildings,"  and  Mr.  Sumner 
fills  a  seat  in  the  "  committee  on  pensions." 

Do  not  think  for  a  moment  that  I  impeach  the  justice  of  the  senate 
in  the  construction  of  its  committees.  When  you  learn  how  strong 
the  slaveholding  interest  in  the  senate  really  is,  you  will  perceive  at 
once  that  its  representatives  are  more  than  just — they  are  even  liberal 
and  generous  to  its  adversaries.  You  shall  decide  the  question  for 
yourselves,  when  I  shall  have  called  the  roll.  Taking  the  admission 
of  Kansas  into  the  Union,  under  the  Topeka  constitution,  as  a  test, 
the  classification  of  the  senate  is  as  follows :  Rhode  Island,  two 
voices  for  slavery;  Connecticut,  one;  New  Jersey,  one;  Pennsyl 
vania,  two;  Delaware,,  two;  Maryland,  two;  Virginia,  two;  North 


264  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

Carolina,  two ;  South  Carolina,  two ;  Georgia,  two ;  Alabama,  two ; 
Mississippi,  two ;  Louisiana,  two ;  Ohio,  one ;  Kentucky,  two ;  Ten 
nessee,  two ;  Indiana,  one ;  Illinois,  one ;  Missouri,  one ;  Arkansas, 
two ;  Michigan,  two ;  Florida,  two ;  Texas,  two ;  Iowa,  one ;  Wis 
consin,  one  ;  California,  one ;  in  all,  twenty-six  states,  giving  forty -three 
voices  for  slavery.  For  freedom — Maine,  two;  New  Hampshire, 
two ;  Vermont,  two ;  Massachusetts,  two ;  Connecticut,  one ;  New 
York,  two ;  Ohio,  one ;  Illinois,  one ;  Iowa,  one ;  only  nine  states, 
giving  only  fourteen  voices  for  freedom. 

Freemen  of  Michigan,  I  think  I  perceive  that  you  are  oppressed 
with  the  atmosphere  of  the  senate  of  the  United  States.  I  cheer 
fully  leave  it.  We  have  crossed  the  rotunda,  so  rich  in  memorials  of 
the  patriotism  and  valor  of  our  ancestors,  and  now  we  are  in  the 
hall  of  representatives.  Tbe_  house  of  representatives  consists  of 
two  hundred  and  thirty-three  members,  chosen  severally  by  the  peo 
ple  in  representative  districts.  One  hundred  and  forty -three  of  them 
are  chosen  by  the  people  of  the  free  states.  This  house  virtually 
holds  a  controlling  power  over  the  senate  and  the  president,  through 
its  exclusive  right  to  originate  bills  for  raising  public  revenue.  It  is 
in  fact  the,  commons  of  America.  But,  alas !  if  the  senate  is  a  strong 
citadel  of  slavery,  the  house  of  representatives  is  by  no  means  an 
impregnable  bulwark  of  freedom.  The  slaveholding  class  enjoys 
no  advantages  which  have  not  at  some  time  been  surrendered  to  it 
by  the  house  of  representatives.  To-day,  indeed,  we  boast  of  a 
regenerated  house  of  representatives,  faithful  to  the  interests  of 
human  freedom.  But,  after  all,  our  boast  is  founded  less  on  any 
vantage  ground  actually  gained  by  the  house  of  representatives, 
than  on  a  retreat  safely  effected  from  the  late  legislative  contest, 
instead  of  an  absolute  capitulation.  God  knows  that  I  do  not  under 
value  the  brave  and  true  champions  of  freedom  who  have  honored 
humanity  so  long  in  the  house  of  representatives ;  John  Quincy 
Adams,  Giddings,  Thaddeus  Stevens,  Preston  King,  David  Wilmot, 
John  A.  King,  heretofore ;  and  now,  Grow,  and  Banks,  and  Burlin- 
game,  and  Howard,  and  Sherman,  and  Morgan,  and  Colfax,  and  the 
Washburnes  all.  But  I  ask,  nevertheless,  what  have  we  saved  in 
this  last,  our  only  successful  contest  in  the  house  of  representatives? 
Whitfield,  the  representative  of  the  Missouri  borderers  in  Kansas,  only 
expelled,  and  Eeeder,  the  true  representative  of  that  territory, 
rejected  ;  a  speaker,  faithful  to  justice  and  humanity,  barely  chosen 


THE   DOMINANT   CLASS.  265 

by  a  plurality ;  an  investigation  into  the  atrocious  crimes  of  Kansas, 
barely  sustained ;  a  meager  plurality  vote  for  the  admission  of  Kan 
sas,  under  the  Topeka  constitution,  rendered  half  worthless  by  an 
embarrassment  of  the  question  with  an  incongruous  vote  for  a 
reorganization  of  the  territorial  government ;  and  an  eight  months' 
struggle  for  the  equal  independence  of  the  house  of  representatives, 
closed  with  a  concession  of  absolute  independence  to  the  senate,  by 
consenting  to  its  dictation  in  a  bill  directing  the  supplies  for  the  sup 
port  of  the  civil  authorities  and  the  army  of  the  United  States. 

Enough  of  the  house  of  representatives.  Come  along  with  me, 
fellow  citizens.  This  passage,  circuitous  and  descending,  leads  us 
into  the  chamber  of  the  supreme  court  of  the  United  States.  It  is 
an  imposing  tribunal ;  a  great  conservative  department  of  the  govern 
ment.  It  regulates  the  administration  of  justice  between  citizens  of 
the  different  states,  and  between  states  themselves.  Its  members 
are  independent  of  the  legislature  and  of  the  president,  and  it  has 
the  power  of  setting  aside  even  laws  and  treaties,  if  it  find  them 
subversive  of  the  constitution  of  the  United  States.  The  court  is 
just  opened  for  the  business  of  the  day.  How  fitly  does  the  pro 
clamation  of  its  opening  close  with  the  invocation,  "  God  save  the 
United  States  and  this  honorable  court."  See,  also,  how  the  memories 
of  the  benefactors  of  mankind  are  held  in  honor  here.  There  is  the 
statue  of  John  Jay,  the  author  of  emancipation  in  New  York.  Alas, 
our  imagination  has  quite  deluded  us.  The  court  consists  of  a  chief 
justice  and  eight  associate  justices.  Of  these,  five  were  called  from 
slave  states,  and  four  from  free  states.  The  opinions  and  bias  of 
each  of  them  were  carefully  considered  by  the  president  and  senate 
when  he  was  appointed.  Not  one  of  them  was  found  wanting  in 
soundness  of  politics,  according  to  the  slaveholder's  exposition  of 
the  constitution,  and  those  who  were  called  from  the  free  states  were 
even  more  distinguished  in  that  respect  than  their  brethren  from  the 
slaveholding  states. 

We  have  thus  completed  our  survey  of  the  supreme  authorities 
of  the  republic.  Let  us  now  leave  the  capitol,  and  look  into  the 
subordinate  departments. 

In  this  modest  edifice  is  the  department  of  state.  It  is  the  deposi 
tory  of  the  seals  of  the  republicf^  Tt^irecte  and  regulates  the  merely 
executive  operations  of  government  at  home,  and  all  its  foreign 
relations.  Its  agents  are  numbered  by  the  hundred,  and  they  are 

VOL.  IV  34 


266  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

dispersed  in  all  civilized  countries  throughout  the  world.  From  the 
chief  here  in  his  bureau  to  the  secretaries  of  legation  in  South 
America,  Great  Britain,  France,  Russia,  Turkey,  and  China,  there  i». 
not  one  of  these  agents  who  has  ever  rebuked  or  Condemned  the 
extension  or  aggrandizement  of  slavery.  There  is  not  one  who  does 
not  even  defend  and  justify  it.  There  is  not  one  who  does  not 
maintain  that  the  flag  of  the  United  States  covers  with  its  protec 
tion  the  slaves  of  the  slaveholding  class  on  the  high  seas. 

In  the  majestic  pile  behind  this  unique  but  graceful  colonnade,  sits 
the  secretary  of  the  tj^asuiy.  He  manages  the  revenues  and  expen 
ditures  of  the  United  States,  and  guards  arid  improves  their  sources, 
commerce  and  the  public  lands.  Seventy  millions  of  dollars 
annually  pass  through  his  hands  into  those  of  other  public  agents, 
contractors,  creditors,  and  foreign  powers.  He  directs  the  move 
ments  of  agents  who,  scattered  abroad  in  all  the  seaports  and  in  all 
the  states  and  territories,  are  counted  by  the  thousands.  His  wand 
contracts  or  opens  banks,  and  frees  or  embargoes  the  merchant  ships 
which  carry  on  a  trade,  domestic  and  foreign,  greater  than  that  which 
any  other  nation  but  one  has  ever  maintained.  All  the  national 
revenues  are  raised  in  such  a  way  as  to  favor  most  the  purely  agri 
cultural  labor  of  slaves,  and  to  afford  the  least  impulse  to  the  great 
wheel  of  manufacture,  which  is  turned  only  by  the  hands  of  free 
men.  The  custom-houses  and  the  public  lands  pour  forth  two  golden 
streams — one  into  the  elections,  to  procure  votes  for  the  slaveholding 
class ;  and  the  other  into  the  treasury,  to  be  enjoyed  by  those  whom 
it  shall  see  fit  to  reward  with  places  in  the  public  service. 

A  walk  of  half  a  mile  brings  us  to  the  portico  of  a  great  edifice, 
faultlessly  conforming  to  the  best  style  of  Grecian  architecture.  This 
is  the  department  of  the  interior,  and  here  is  its  secretary.  He  is 
charged  with  the  ministerial  part  of  the  administration  of  justice, 
with  the  disposition  of  the  public  lands,  the  construction  of  build 
ings,  the  granting  of  patents,  and  the  payment  of  pensions.  His 
agents  abound  especially  in  the  territories  and  states,  built  on  the 
public  domain.  You  see  them  here  among  yourselves,  and  know 
them  well.  Did  you  ever  know  one  of  them  whose  devotion  to  the 
slaveholding  class  could  be  shaken  by  any  miracle  less  than  that 
which  converted  Saul  of  Tarsus,  a  persecutor  of  saints,  into  a 
preacher  of  righteousness  ? 

Merely  turning  a  short  corner,   we  reach  the  general  post  office. 


THE   DOMINANT    CLASS.  267 

This  is  the  great  domiciliary  inquisition  of  the  government.  It 
reaches,  by  long  arms,  with  insinuating  fingers,  every  settlement, 
village,  city,  and  state  capital,  in  forest,  prairie,  mountain,  and  plain, 
among  the  lakes  and  rivers  of  our  own  country,  and  pervades  with 
its  presence  the  seas  throughout  the  whole  earth.  There  is  not  one, 
of  its  more  than  twenty  thousand  agents,  who  is  false  to  the  slave- 
holding  interest,  unless  indeed  he  is  so  obscure  as  to  have  escaped, 
not  merely  the  notice  of  the  chief  of  the  department  itself  but  also 
the  envy  of  stimulated  avarice  and  ambition  in  his  own  neighbor 
hood. 

A  circuit  of  half  a  mile  has  now  brought  us  to  the  departments  of 
"  War"  and  thq  ""N^vy  "  Here  two  energetic  and  far-sighted  min 
isters,  brought  from  the  slaveholding  states,  and  identified  with  their 
policy,  wield  the  two  great  physical  forces  of  the  republic,  each 
ready,  on  receiving  a  despatch  by  telegraph  to  subdue  resistance  to- 
reclairnants  of  fugitive  slaves  in  Boston,  to  disfranchising  statutes  in 
Kansas,  or  to  slave  coursers  on  the  high  seas. 

Finally,  in  the  most  unpretending  of  all  the  public  edifices  sits 
the  attorney-general  of  the  United  States.  It  belongs  to  the  office 
of  an  attorney -general  to  be  a  willing  adviser  and  cunning  execu 
tioner  of  the  policy  of  the  power  by  whom  he  was  appointed. 
When  or  where,  in  all  the  memorable  struggles  of  liberty  with 
prerogative,  in  this  country  or  in  Europe,  has  this  character  been 
more  successfully  illustrated  than  it  has  been  by  the  present  attorney- 
general,  in  his  efforts  to  establish  the  interests  of  the  slaveholding 
class,  and  crush  out  its  opponents  in  the  free  states  ? 

Fellow  citizens,  you  start  with  astonishment  at  the  picture  I  have 
made,  by  simply  bringing  together  well-known  and  familiar,  but 
distant,  objects  into  one  group,  and  in  a  clear  lignt.  You  say  that  it 
cannot  be  truthful.  I  reply,  if  it  be  not  truthful,  then  let  any  one 
here,  whatever  may  be  his  political  bias  or  associations,  point  out  a 
single  figure  that  is  wrongly  placed  on  the  canvas,  or  show  a  spot 
where  the  cold  and  passionless  shadowing  I  have  given  to  it  ought 
to  be  mellowed. 

You  are  impatient  of  my  theme,  but  I  cannot  release  you  yet. 
Mark,  if  you  please,  that  thus  far  I  have  only  shown  you  the  mere 
governmental  organization  of  the  slaveholding  class  in  the  United 
States,  and  pointed  out  its  badges  of  supremacy,  suggestive  of  your 
own  debasement  and  humiliation.  Contemplate  now  the  reality  of 


268  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

the  power  of  that  class,  and  the  condition  to  which  the  cause  of  human 
nature  has  been  reduced.  In  all  the  free  states,  the  slaveholder 
argues  and  debates  the  pretensions  of  his  class,  and  even  prosecutes 
his  claim  for  his  slave  before  the  delegate  of  the  federal  government, 
with  safety  and  boldness,  as  he  ought.  He  exhorts  the  citizens  of 
the  free  states  to  acquiesce,  and  even  threatens  them,  in  their  very 
homes,  with  the  terrors  of  disunion,  if  that  acquiescence  is  withheld ; 
and  he  does  all  this  with  safety,  as  he  ought,  if  it  be  done  at  all. 
He  is  listened  to  with  patience,  and  replied  to  with  decorum,  even 
in  his  most  arrogant  declamations,  in  the  halls  of  congress.  Through 
the  effective  sympathy  of  other  property  classes,  the  slaveholding 
power  maintains  with  entire  safety  presses  and  permanent  political 
organizations  in  all  the  free  states.  On  the  contrary,  if  you  except 
the  northern  border  of  Delaware,  there  is  nowhere  in  any  slavehold 
ing  state  personal  safety  for  a  citizen,  even  of  that  state  itself,  who 
questions  the  rightful  national  domination  of  the  slaveholding  class. 
Debate  of  its  pretensions,  in  the  halls  of  congress,  is  carried  on  at 

•  the  perils  of  limb  and  life.  A  free  press  is  no  sooner  set  up  in  a 
slaveholding  state,  than  it  is  demolished,  and  citizens  who  assemble 
peacefully  to  discuss  even  the  extremest  claims  of  slavery  are  at 
first  cautioned,  and,  if  that  is  ineffectual,  banished  or  slain,  even 
more  surely  than  the  resistants  of  military  despotism  in  the  French 
empire.  Nor,  except  just  now,  has  the  case  been  much  better,  even 

,  in  the  free  states.  It  is  only  as  of  yesterday,  when  the  free  citizens, 
assembled  to  discuss  the  exactions  of  the  slaveholding  class,  were 
dispersed  in  Boston,  Utica,  Philadelphia,  and  New  York.  It  is  only 

'  as  of  yesterday,  that  when  I  rose,  on  request  of  citizens  of  Michi 
gan,  at  Marshall,  to  speak  of  the  great  political  questions  of  the 
day,  I  was  enjoined  not  to  make  disturbance  or  to  give  offence  by 
speaking  of  free  soil,  and  this  was  when  I  was  standing  as  I  am  now 
on  the  very  ground  which  the  ordinance  of  1787  had  saved  to  free- 

1  dom.  It  was  only  as  of  yesterday,  that  protestant  churches  and 
theological  seminaries,  built  on  Puritan  foundations,  vied  with  the 
organs  of  the  slaveholding  class  in  denouncing  a  legislator  who,  in 
the  act  of  making  laws  affecting  its  interests,  declared  that  all  human 
laws  ought  to  be  conformed  to  the  standard  of  eternal  justice.  The 
day  has  even  not  yet  passed  when  the  press,  employed  in  the  service 
of  education  and  morality,  expurgates  from  the  books  which  are 
put  into  the  hands  of  the  young  all  reflections  on  slavery.  The 


THE   DOMINANT    CLASS.  269 

day  yet  lasts  when  the  flag  of  the  United  States  flaunts  defiance  on 
the  high  seas,  over  cargoes  of  human  merchandise.  Nor  is  there  an 
American  representative  anywhere,  in  any  one  of  the  four  quarters 
of  the  globe,  that  does  not  labor  to  suppress  even  there  the  discus 
sion  of  American  slavery,  lest  it  may  possibly  affect  the  safety  of 
the  slaveholding  class  at  home.  If,  in  a  generous  burst  of  sympathy 
with  the  struggling  protestant  democracy  of  Europe,  we  bring  off 
the  field  one  of  their  fallen  champions,  to  condole  with  and  comfort 
him,  we  suddenly  discern  that  the  mere  agitation  of  the  principles 
of  freedom  tends  to  alarm  the  slaveholding  class,  and  we  cast  him 
off  again  as  a  waif,  not  merely  worthless,  but  dangerous  to  ourselves. 
The  natural  and  ancient  order  of  things  is  reversed ;  (freedom  hasV 
become  subordinate,  sectional,  and  local ;  slavery  in  its  influences  ] 
and  combinations  has  become  predominant,  national,  and  general. 
Free,  direct,  and  manly  utterance  in  the  cause  of  freedom,  even  in 
the  free  states  themselves,  leads  to  ostracism,  while  superservice- 
ability  to  the  slaveholding  class  alone  secures  preferment  in  the 
national  councils.  The  descendants  of  Franklin,  and  Hamilton,  and 
Jay,  and  King,  are  unprized — 

"  till  they  learn  to  betray, 


Undistinguish'd  they  live,  if  they  shame  not  their  sires, 

And  the  torch  that  would  light  them  to  dignity's  way, 
Must  be  caught  from  the  pile  when  their  country  expires." 

In  this  course  of  rapid  public  demoralization,  what  wonder  is  it 
that  the  action  of  the  government  tends  continually  with  fearfully 
augmenting  force  to  the  aggrandizement  of  the  slaveholding  class  ? 
A  government  can  never  be  better  or  wiserf  or  even  so 


wise  as  the  PeQPJg_gve5  whom  it  presides  ?     Who  can  wonder,  then, 
that  the  congress  of  the  United  States,  in  1820,  gave  to  slavery  the  ;? 
west  bank  of  the  Mississippi  quite  up  to  the  present  line  of  Kansas,  . 
and  was  content  to  save  for  freedom,    out  of  the  vast  region  of  . 
Louisiana,   only  Kansas  and  Nebraska  ?     Who  can  wonder  that  itj> 
consented  to  annex  and  admit  Texas,  with  power  to  subdivide  her 
self  into  five  slave  states,  so  as  to  secure  the  slaveholding  class  a 
balance  against  the  free  states  then  expected  to  be  ultimately  organ 
ized  in  Kansas  and  Nebraska?     Who  can  wonder,  that  when  this 
annexation  of  Texas  brought  on  a  war  with  Mexico,  which  ended 
in  the  annexation  of  Upper  California  and  New  Mexico,  every  foot 


270  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  which  was  free  from  African  slavery,  congress  divided  that  vast 
territory,  admitting  the  new  state  of  California  reluctantly  as  a  free 
state,  oecause  she  would  not  consent  to  establish  slavery,  dismem 
bered  New  Mexico,  transferred  a  large  portion  of  it  to  slaveholding 
Texas,  and  stipulated  that  what  remained  of  New  Mexico,  together 
with  Utah,  should  be  received  as  slave  states,  if  the  people  thereof 
should  so  demand  ?  Who  can  wonder  that  the  president,  without 
any  reproof  by  congress,  simultaneously  offered  to  Spain  two  hun 
dred  millions  of  dollars  for  the  purchase  of  Cuba,  that  it  might  be 
divided  into  two  slaveholding  states,  to  be  admitted  as  members  of 
the  Federal  Union,  and  at  the  same  time  menaced  the  European 
powers  with  war  if  they  should  interfere  to  prevent  the  consumma 
tion  of  the  purchase?  Who  can  wonder  that,  emboldened  with 
these  concessions  of  the  people,  congress  at  last  sanctioned  a  reprisal 
by  the  slaveholding  class  upon  the  regions  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska, 
not  on  the  ground  of  justice  or  for  an  equivalent,  but  simply  on  the 
pretence  that  the  original  concession  of  them  to  freedom  was  ex 
torted  by  injustice  and  unconstitutional  oppression  by  the  free 
states  ?  Who  can  wonder  that  the  slaveholding  class,  when  it  had 
obtained  the  sanction  of  congress  to  that  reprisal,  by  giving  a  pledge 
that  the  people  of  those  territories  should  be  perfectly  free  never 
theless  to  establish  freedom  therein,  invaded  the  territory  of  Kansas 
with  armed  forces,  inaugurated  a  usurpation,  and  established  slavery 
there,  and  disfranchised  the  supporters  of  freedom  by  tyrannical  laws, 
enforced  by  fire  and  sword,  and  that  the  president  and  senate  now 
maintain  and  uphold  the  slaveholding  interests  in  these  culminating 
demonstrations  of  their  power,  while  the  house  of  representatives 
lacks  the  power,  because  it  is  wanting  in  the  virtue,  to  rescue  the 
interests  of  justice,  freedom,  and  humanity?  Who  can  wonder  that 
federal  courts  in  Massachusetts  indict  defenders  of  freedom  for  sedi- 
tition,  and  in  Pennsylvania  subvert  the  state  tribunals,  and  pervert 
the  habeas  corpus,  the  great  writ  of  liberty,  into  a  process  for  arrest 
ing  fugitive  slaves,  and  construe  into  contempt,  punishable  by 
imprisonment  without  bail  or  mainprize,  the  simple  and  truthful 
denial  of  personal  control  over  a  fugitive  female  slave,  who  has 
made  her  own  voluntary  escape  from  bondage  T  Who  can  wonder 
tjmt  in_Kansas  lawyers  may  not  plead  or  juries  be  impanneled  in 

1  See  Memoir,  ante,  page  36. 


THE   DOMINANT    CLASS.  271 

the  federal  courts,  nor  can  even  citizens  vote,  without  first  swearing 
to  support  the  fugitive  slave  lawjindLthe  Kansas*  and  Nebraska  act,  ' 
"wEile  citizens ^who  discuss  through  the  press  the  right  of  slavehold 
ers  to  domineer  there,  are  punished  with  imprisonment  or  death; 
free  bridges  over  which  citizens  who  advocate  free  institutions,  may 
pass,  free  taverns  where  they  may  rest,  and  free  presses  through 
which  they  may  speak,  are  destroyed  under  indictments  for  nuisances ; 
and  those  who  peacefully  assemble  to  debate  the  grievances  of  that 
class,  and  petition  congress  for  relief,  are  indicted  for  high  treason  ? 

Just  now,  the  wind  sets  with  some  apparent  steadiness  in  the 
north,  and  you  will  readily  confess  therefore  that  I  do  not  exagge 
rate  the  growing  aggrandizement  of  the  slaveholding  class,  but  jou_ 
will  nevertheless  insist  that  that  aggrandizement  is  now  andLjnay  be 
merely  temporary  and  occasional.  A  moment's  reflection,  however, 
will  satisfy  you  that  this  opinion  is^jofoum^l^^tmeT^Wnatis 
now'  seen  'is  only  the  legitimate  maturing  of  errors  unresisted 
through  a  period  of  nearly  forty  years.  All  the  fearful  evils  now 
upon  us  are  only  the  inevitable  results  of  efforts  to  extinguish,  by 
delays,  concession,  and  compromises,  a  discussion  to  which  justice, 
reason,  and  humanity,  are  continually  lending  their  elemental  fires. 

What,  then,  is  the  tendency  of  this  aggrandizement  of  the  slave  in 
terest,  and  what  must  be  its  end.  if  it  be  not  now  or  speedily  arrested  ? 
Immediate  consequences  are  distinctly  in  view.  The  admission  of  C 
Kansas  into  the  Union  as  a  slave  state,  the  subsequent  introduction 
of  slavery  by  means  equally  flagrant  into  Nebraska,  and  the  admjs- 
sion  of  Utah  _jwith- the  twin,  patriarchal  institutions  of  legalized 
adultery  and  slav^tyT  and  these  three  achievements  crowned  with  the 
incorporation  of  Cuba  into  the  republic.  Beyond  these  visible  fields 
lies  a  region  of  fearful  speculation — the  restoration  of  the  Airican 
slave  trade,  and  the  desecration  of  all  Mexico  and  Central  America, 
by  the  infliction  upon  the  half-civilized  Spanish  and  Indian  races 
dwelling  there,  by  our  hands,  of  a  curse  from  which,  inferior  as  they 
are  to  ourselves,  they  have  had  the  virtue  once  to  redeem  themselves. 
Beyond  this  area  last  surveyed  lies  that  of  civil  and  servile  wars^ 
national  decline  and — nmNT~ 

I  fear  to  open  up  these  distant  views,  because  I  know  that  you 
will  attribute  my  apprehensions  to  a  morbid  condition  of  mind.  But 
confining  myself  to  the  immediate  future  which  is  so  fearfully  palpa 
ble,  I  ask  you  in  all  candor,  first,  whether  I  have  ever  before 


272  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

exaggerated  the  aggrandizement  of  the  slaveholding  class.  Secondly, 
whether  the  movement  that  I  now  forbode  is  really  more  improbable 
than  the  evils  once  seemed,  which  are  now  a  startling  reality. 

How  are  these  immediate  evils,  and  whatever  of  greater  evils  that 
are  behind  them,  to  be  prevented?  Do  you  expect  that  those  who 
have  heretofore  counseled  compromise,  acquiescence,  and  submis 
sion,  will  change  their  course,  and  come  to  the  rescue  of  liberty? 
Even  if  this  were  a  reasonable  hope,  are  Cass,  and  Douglas,  and 
Buchanan,  greater  or  better  than  the  statesmen  who  have  opened 
the  way  of  compromise,  and  led  these  modern  statesmen  into  it? 
And  if  they  indeed  are  so  much  greater  and  so  much  better,  do  you 
expect  them  to  live  forever  ? 

Perhaps  you  expect  the  slaveholding  class  will  abate  its  pretension, 
and  practice  voluntarily  the  moderation  which  you  wish,  but  dare 
not  demand  at  its  hands.  How  long,  and  with  what  success,  have 
you  waited  already  for  that  reformation  ?  Did  any  property  class 
ever  so  reform  itself  ?  Did  the  patricians  in  old  Eome,  the  noblesse 
or  the  clergy  in  France  ?  the  landholders  in  Ireland  ?  the  landed  aris 
tocracy  in  England?  Does  the  slaveholding  class  even  seek  to 
beguile  you  with  such  a  hope  ?  Has  it  not  become  rapacious,  arro 
gant,  defiant?  Is  it  not  waging  civil  war  against  freedom,  wherever 
it  encounters  real  resistance  ?  No !  no !  you  have  let  the  lion  and 
the  spotted  leopard  into  the  sheep-fold.  They  certainly  will  not  die 
of  hunger  there,  nor  retire  from  disgust  with  satiety.  They  will 
remain  there  so  long  as  renewed  appetite  shall  find  multiplied  prey. 
Be  not  self-deceived.  Whenever  a  property  class  of  any  ^Tvj_jft_ 
in  vitejjj^  society  to  oppressT  it  will  continue^  to  oppress.  5OieiL- 
eyer  a  slavekoldiug  class  finds  the  nQn--fi1aveholding  classes  yielding 
it  will  continue  its,  work  of  subjugation. 

People  of  Michigan,  I  know  full  well  that  it  seems  ungracious  in 
me  to  dwell  on  this  painful  theme.  It  is  not  such  an  acknowledg 
ment  of  your  manifold  hospitalities  as  you  expected.  It  is  hard  for 
the  weary  mariner  to  look  steadily  on  the  newly  revealed  rocks 
toward  which  he  has  too  long  been  carelessly  drifting.  It  is  not  easy 
for  the  prodigal  to  look  with  contentment  on  the  rags  and  husks 
which  meet  him  as  he  retires  from  the  house  of  his  harlotry.  Never 
theless,  there  is  no  way  of  escaping  any  imminent  danger,  without 
first  calmly  and  steadily  looking  it  fully  in  the  face  and  ascertaining 
its  real  nature  and  magnitude. 


WHERE   THE   RESPONSIBILITY   LIES.  273 

Here  again  you  will  deny  the  justice  of  my  parallels ;  you  will 
claim  to  be  merely  innocent  and  unfortunate,  and  will  upbraid  the 
slaveholding  class  as  the  builders  of  this  impending  ruin.  But  you 
cannot  escape  in  that  way.  The  fault  is  not  at  all  with  that  class, 
but  with  yourselves.  The  slaveholders  only  act  according  to  their 
constitutions,  education  and  training.  It  is  the  non-slaveholding 
classes  in  the  free  states  who  are  recreant  to  their  own  constitutions, 
and  false  to  their  own  instincts  and  impulses,  and  even  to  their  own 
true  interests.  Who  taught  the  slaveholding  class  that  freedom, 
which  could  not  be  wholly  conquered  at  once,  could  be  yielded  in 
successive  halves  by  successive  compromises?  Who  taught  the 
slaveholding  class  the  specious  theories  of  non-intervention  and 
popular  sovereignty,  and  the  absolute  obligation  of  tyrannical  laws 
enacted  by  armed  usurpation  ?  Your  own  Cass,  and  Douglas,  and 
Pierce,  and  Buchanan.  Who  established  Cass,  Douglas,  Pierce  and 
Buchanan  at  Washington,  and  gave  them  the  power  to  march  the>r 
slaveholding  armies  into  Kansas  ?  The  non-slaveholding  society  in 
the  free  states,  and  no  portion  of  that  society  more  willingly  and 
more  recklessly  than  you,  the  people  of  Michigan. 

You  admit  all  this,  and  you  ask  how  are  these  great  evils,  now  so 
apparent,  to  be  corrected — these  great  dangers,  now  so  manifest,  to 
be  avoided.     I  answer,  it  is  to  be  done,  not  as  some  of  you  have  ? 
supposed,  by  heated   debates   sustained   by  rifles   or  revolvers  at  - 
Washington,  nor  yet  by  sending  armies  with  supplies  and  Sharpe's  J- 
rifles  into  Kansas ;  I  condemn  no  necessary  exercise  of  the  right  of  ' 
self-defence  anywhere.    Public  safety  is  necessary  to  the  practice  of  the 
real  duties  of  champions  of  freedom.    But  this  is  a  contest  in  which  the 
race  is  not  to  the  physically  swift,  nor  the  battle  to  those  who  have  most 
muscular  strength.   ^Least  of  all  is  it  to  be  won  by  retaliation  and. 
revengey     The  victory  will  be  to  those  who  shall  practise  the  highest 
moral  courage,  with. simple  fidelity  to  the  princirjles  of  humanity 
and  justice.     Notwithstanding  all  the  heroism  of  your  champions  in 
Washington  and  Kansas,  the  contest  will  be  fearfully  endangered  if 
the  slaveholding  class  shall  win  the  president  and  the  congress  in 
this   great   national   canvass.      Even  although  every  one  of  these  \ 
champions  should  perish  in  his  proper  field,  yet  the  rights  of  man    \ 
will  be  saved,  and  the  tide  of  oppression  will  be  rolled  back  from 
our  northern  plains,  if  a  president  and  a  congress  shall  be  chosen     ] 

who  are  true  to  freedom.     The  people,  and  the  people  only,  are  J 
VOL.  IV.  35  / 


274  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

/sovereign  and  irresistible,  whether  they  will  the  ascendancy  of  sla- 
\very,  or  the  triumph  of  liberty. 

Harsh  as  my  words  may  have  seemed,  I  do  my  kinsmen  and 
brethren  of  the  free  states  no  such  injustice  as  to  deny  that  great 
allowances  are  to  be  made  for  the  demoralization  I  have  described. 
We  inherited  complicity  with  the  slaveholding  class,  and  with  it 
prejudices  of  caste.  We  inherited  confidence  and  affection  toward 
our  southern  brethren — and  with  these,  our  political  organizations 
and  our  profound  reverence  for  political  authorities,  all  adverse  to 
the  needful  discussion  of  slavery.  Above  all,  we  inherited  a  fear  of 
the  dissolution  of  the  Union,  which  can  only  be  unwholesome  when 
it  ceases  equally  to  affect  the  conduct  of  all  the  great  parties  to  that 
sacred  compact.  All  these  inheritances  have  created  influences  upon 
our  political  conduct,  which  are  rather  to  be  deplored  than  con 
demned.  I  trust  that  at  last  these  influences  are  about  to  cease.  I 
trust  so,  because,  if  we  have  inherited  the  demoralization  of  slavery, 
we  have  also  attained  the  virtue  required  for  emancipation.  If  we 
have  inherited  prejudices  of  caste,  we  have  also  risen  to  the  know 
ledge  that  political  safety  is  dependent  on  the  rendering  of  equal  and 
exact  justice  to  all  men.  And  if  we  have  suffered  our  love  for  the 
Union  to  be  abused  so  as  to  make  us  tolerate  the  evils  that  more 
than  all  others  endanger  it,  we  have  discerned  that  great  error  at 
last.  If  we  should  see  a  citizen,  who  had  erected  a  noble  edifice,  sit 
down  inactively  in  its  chambers,  avoiding  all  duty  and  enterprise, 
lest  he  might  provoke  enemies  to  pull  it  down  over  his  head ;  or  one 
who  had  built  a  majestic  vessel,  moor  it  to  the  wharf,  through  fear 
that  he  might  peradventure  run  it  upon  the  rocks,  we  should  con 
demn  his  fatuity  and  folly.  We  have  learned  at  last  that  the  Ameri 
can  people  labor  not  only  under  the  responsibility  of  preserving  this 
Union,  but  also  under  the  responsibility  of  making  it  subserve  the 
advancement  of  justice  and  humanity,  and  that  neglect  of  this  last  re 
sponsibility  involves  the  chief  peril  to  which  the  Union  itself  is  exposed. 

I  shall  waste  little  time  on  the  newly -invented  apologies  for  con 
tinued  demoralization.  The  question  now  to  be  decided  is,  whether 
a  slaveholding  class  exclusively  shall  govern  America,  or  whether 
it  shall  only  bear  divided  sway  with  non-slaveholding  citizens. 
It  concerns  all  persons  equally,  whether  they  are  protestants  or 
catholics,  native-born  or  exotic  citizens.  And  therefore  it  seems  to 
me  that  this  is  no  time  for  trials  of  strength  between  the  native-born 


THE   TKUE   CONSERVATISM.  275 

and  the  adopted  freemen,  or  between  any  two  branches  of  one  com 
mon  Ch  ristian  brotherhood. 

As  little  shall  I  dwell  on  merely  personal  partialities  or  prejudices 
affecting  the  candidates  for  public  trusts.  Each  fitly  personates  the 
cause  he  represents.  Beyond  a  doubt,  Mr.  Buchanan  is  faithful  to 
the  slaveholding  class,  as  Mr.  Fillmore  vascillates  between  it  and  its 
opponents.  I  Vrmw  IVf  r  FrpTnqnt_well ;  and  when  I  say  that  I  know 
that  he  combines  extraordinary  genius  and  unquestionable  sincerity 
of  pnrpnsp.^  with  nnnqual  modesty,  I  am  sure  that  you  will  admit  < 
that  he  is  a  true  representative  of  the  cause  of  freedom. 

Discarding  sectionalism,  and  loving  my  country  and  all  its  parts, 
and  bearing  an  affection  even  to  the  slaveholding  class,  none  the  less 
sincere  because  it  repels  me,  I  cordially  adopt  the  motto  which  it 
too  often  hangs  out  to  delude  us.  I  know  no  north,  no  south,  no 
east  and  no  west ;  for  I  know  that  he  who  would  offer  an  acceptable 
sacrifice  in  the  present  crisis  must  conform  himself  to  the  divine  f 
instructions,  that  neither  in  this  mountain,  nor  yet  at  Jerusalem,  I 
shall  we  worship  the  Father  ;  but  the  hour  cometh,  and  now  is,  when  / 
the  true  worshipers  shall  worship  the  Father  in  spirit  and  in  truth,. 

Last  of  all,  I  stop  not  to  argue  with  those  who  decry  agitation  and 
extol  conservatism,  not  knowing  that  conservatism  is  of  two  kinds — 
that  one  which,  yielding  to  cowardly  fear  of  present  inconvenience 
or  danger,  covers  even  political  leprosy  with  protecting  folds ;  and 
that  other  and  better  conservatism,  that  heals,  in  order  that  the  body 
of  the  commonwealth  may  be  healthful  and  immortal. 

Fellow  citizens,  I  am  aware  that  I  have  spoken  with  seriousness 
amounting  to  solemnity.  Do  not  infer  from  thence  that  I  am  despon 
dent  and  distrustful  of  present  triumph  and  ultimate  regeneration. 
It  has  required  a  strong  pressure  upon  the  main-spring  of  the  public 
virtue  to  awaken  its  elasticity.  Such  pressure  has  reached  the  center 
of  the  spring  at  last.  They  who  have  reckoned  that  its  elasticity 
was  lost,  are  now  discovering  their  profound  mistake.  The  people 
of  the  United  States  have  dallied  long  with  the  flowers  of  the  acac- 
tus,  and  floated  carelessly  on  the  calm  seas  that  always  reflect  summer 
skies,  but  they  have  not  lost  their  preference  for  their  own  change 
less  fleur  de  Us,  and  they  consult  no  other  guidance,  in  their  course 
over  the  waters,  than  that  of  their  own  bright,  particular  and  con 
stant  star,  the  harbinger  of  liberty. 


'. 


: 


THE  POLITICAL  PARTIES  OF  THE  DAY. 

AUBURN,  OCTOBER  21,  1856. 

are  neighbors  and  friends.  We  know  each  other  well.  I 
know  that  you  are  sincere,  and  you  know,  as  I  trust,  that  I  am  a 
man  of  not  ungrateful  disposition.  We  have  a  common  memory  of 
many  long  and  inclement  political  storms  through  which  we  have 
passed,  not  altogether  without  occasional  alienations  and  separations. 
You,  therefore,  can  readily  conceive,  without  amplification  on  my  part, 
how  profoundly  gratifying  it  is  to  me  now  to  see  not  only  a  general 
brightening  of  the  skies,  auspicious  of  the  triumph  of  the  political 
principles  which  I  have  cherished  through  so  many  trials,  but  also 
troops  and  crowds  and  clouds  of  friends,  more  numerous,  more  ear 
nest  and  more  confiding  than  those  by  whom  I  was  surrounded  in 
the  most  successful  and  happiest  periods  of  my  earlier  life. 

If  politics  were  indeed,  as  many  seem  to  suppose,  merely  an  uncer 
tain  sea,  bounded  on  all  sides  by  rich  ports  and  havens  tempting 
private  adventure,  I  should  not  be  one  of  those  who,  standing  on 
the  beach,  would  be  inciting  my  fellow  citizens  to  commit  them 
selves  on  board  this  party  craft  or  of  the  other.  If  politics  were,  as 
others  seem  to  think,  merely  a  game  cunningly  compounded  of 
courage,  accident  and  skill,  in  which  prizes  and  crowns  were  to  be 
won  by  the  victors  for  their  own  glory  and  the  excitement  of  the 
multitude,  I  certainly  should  not  be  found  among  the  heralds  of  the 
contestants  on  either  side.  If,  again,  politics  were  only  a  forum  in 
which  social  theories,  without  immediate  bearing  on  the  welfare  and 
safety  of  the  country,  were  discussed,  I  might  then  be  a  listener,  but 
I  should  not  be  a  disputant. 

But,  although  politics  present  these  aspects  to  superficial  obser 
vers,  they  are  nevertheless  far  more  serious  and  practical  in  their  real 
character.  They  are  the  regulation  and  direction  of  the  actual  life 
of  the  American  people.  How  much  of  individual,  domestic  and 


THE   PAETIES   OF   THE   DAY.  277 

social  happiness  depends  on  the  regulation  and  conduct  of  only  one 
single  human  life !  How  vastly  more  of  human  happiness  depends 
then  on  the  regulation  and  conduct  of  the  whole  nation's  thousand 
fold  longer  life ! 

Since  I  have  come  before  you  on  this  occasion  under  the  influence 
of  these  sentiments,  you  will  not  expect  from  me  either  humorous, 
exaggerated,  passionate  or  prejudiced  speech,  but  will  rather  calcu 
late  on  an  examination  of  the  merits  of  candidates  for  public  favor, 
and  of  the  parties  by  whom  those  candidates  are  respectively  sustained. 

It  is  not  my  habit  to  speak  largely  of  candidates.  I  refrain  for 
two  reasons ;  First,  because  being  necessarily  brought  into  personal 
combination  or  conflict  with  public  men,  my  judgment  concerning 
them  is  liable  to  the  bias  of  partiality  or  of  jealousy;  secondly, 
because  it  is  not  the  habit  of  parties  in  our  country  to  select  unfit, 
unworthy  or  unreliable  men  to  be  their  representatives.  Whatever 
may  be  the  personal  merits  or  demerits  of  a  candidate,  he  cannot 
act  otherwise,  if  he  be  chosen,  than  as  an  agent  of  the  majority  to 
whom  he  owes  his  place.  The  real  question,  therefore,  in  every 
canvass,  is,  what  are  the  merits  of  a  party  by  whom  a  candidate  is 
preferred? — and  inquiries  concerning  the  personal  characters  and 
dispositions  of  candidates  are  wasted  on  a  false  and  delusive  issue. 
You  can  try  the  truth  of  this  position  at  once,  by  inquiring  of 
whomsoever  assails  the  candidate  of  your  choice,  whether  he  would 
give  his  support  to  that  candidate,  abandoning  his  own,  if  all  his 
objections  could  at  once  be  removed.  Your  opponent,  if  a  candid 
man,  would  probably  answer  in  the  negative. 

But  the  case  is  quite  different  with  political  parties  or  masses  of 
citizens.  A  nation  acts  at  any  one  time  through  the  consent  and 
activity,  not  of  all  its  members,  but  of  only  a  majority,  who  deter 
mine  what  shall  be  done,  not  only  for  themselves,  but  for  all  the  citi 
zens.  By  our  individual  suffrages,  we  express  our  choice  whether 
one  class  of  citizens,  with  a  peculiar  policy  and  peculiar  principles, 
shall  rule  the  country  directing  it  in  a  course  of  their  own,  or  whether 
a  different  mass  with  different  policy  and  principles  shall  conduct  it 
in  a  different  direction.  I  shall  therefore  discuss  the  existing  parties 
freely.  You  shall  judge  whether  I  perform  this  duty  with  modera 
tion  and  candor. 

In  the  first  place,  I  must  ask  you  to  notice  the  fact  that  society  is 
now  in  a  transition  state  or  stage  so  far  as  political  parties  are  con- 


278  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

cerned.  Two  or  three  years  ago,  the  American  people  were  divided 
into  two  well  denned,  distinct  and  organized  parties,  the  whigs  and 
the  democrats.  To-day,  instead  of  these  two  parties,  we  see  three 
masses  uncertainly  denned,  and  apparently  at  least  quite  unorganized, 
namely,  Americans,  democrats  and  republicans ;  and  we  see  portions 
of  each  of  these  easily  detached  and  passing  over  to  the  others,  while 
a  very  considerable  number  of  citizens  stand  hesitating  whether  to 
join  one  or  the  other,  or  to  stand  aloof  still  longer  from  all. 

Such  a  transition  stage,  although  unusual,  is  not  unnatural.  Estab 
lished  parties  are  built  on  certain  policies  and  principles,  and  they 
will  stand  and  remain  so  long  as  those  policies  and  principles  are  of 
paramount  importance  and  no  longer. 

They  must  break  asunder  and  dissolve  when  new  exigencies  bring 
up  new  and  different  policies  and  principles,  and  the  transition  stage 
will  last  until  the  paramount  importance  of  these  new  policies  and 
principles  shall  be  generally  felt  and  confessed,  and  no  longer. 

In  a  healthy  and  vigorous  republic,  the  transition  stage  I  have 
described  cannot  last  long,  because  in  the  absence  of  a  firm  and  de 
cided  majority  to  direct  its  course,  its  would  fall  under  the  manage 
ment  of  feeble  and  corrupt  factions,  under  whose  sway  it  would 
rapidly  decline,  and  speedily  perish.  Our  republic,  God  be  thanked, 
is  yet  healthy  and  vigorous,  and  we  already  see  that  society  is  pass 
ing  out  of  the  transition  stage  into  the  ancient  and  proper  condi 
tion.  This  condition  is  one  which  tolerates  two  firm  and  enduring 
parties,  no  less  and  no  more.  There  must  be  two  parties,  because  at 
every  stage  of  national  life  some  one  question  of  national  conduct  par 
amount  to  all  others,  presents  itself  to  be  decided.  Such  a  question 
always  has  two  sides,  a  right  side  and  a  wrong  side,  but  no  third  or 
middle  side.  All  masses  which  affect  neutrality,  as  well  as  all 
masses  which  seek  to  stand  independently  on  questions  which  have 
already  passed  and  become  obsolete,  or  on  questions  which  have  not 
yet  attained  paramount  importance,  are  crowded  and  crushed  in  the 
conflicts  between  the  two  which  occupy,  for  the  time  being,  the 
whole  field  of  contest. 

If  such  an  emergency  has  now  occurred  presenting  a  vital  ques 
tion,  on  which  society  must  divide  into  two  parties,  and  if  those  par 
ties  are  found  already  present  in  the  political  arena,  then  we  are  now 
individually  to  decide  whether  to  identify  ourselves  with  a  mass 
which  will  exist  "iselessly  for  only  a  short  period;  or  unite  with  one 


AN  ANCIENT  AND  ETERNAL  CONFLICT.  279 

of  two  parties  which  will  be  enduring,  and  on  the  fortunes  of  whose 
conflict  depends  the  welfare  of  the  republic ;  and  as  between  these 
parties  whether  we  shall  attach  ourselves  to  the  party  which  will 
maintain  the  wrong  and  perish  with  it,  or  to  that  which  shall  main 
tain  the  right  and  immediately  or  ultimately  triumph  with  it. 

You  yourselves,  shall  prove  by  your  responses  that  emergency 
has  occurred,  and  that  question  is  upon  us.  What  has  producecLthe__ 
disorgqjiization  and  confusion  which  we  have  all  seen  and  wondered 
at,  the  dissolution  of  the  whig  party,  and  the  disorganization  of  the 
democratic  party,  and  given  room  and  verge  for  the  American  or 
know-nothing  party?  You  all  answer,  the  agitation  of  slavery. 
And  you  answer  truly.  Answer  again.  What  shall  I  discourse 
upon?  The  contest  of  the  American  colonies  with  Great  Britain, 
and  the  characters  of  the  whigs  and  tories  ?  No,  that  is  a  subject 
for  the  fourth  of  July.  The  adoption  of  the  constitution,  and  the 
disputes  between  federalists  and  republicans  ?  No,  let  them  sleep. 
The  tariff,  National  Bank  and  internal  improvements,  and  the  con 
troversies  of  the  whigs  and  democrats  ?  No,  they  are  past  and  gone. 
What  then,  of  Knnsp,?,  the  admission  of  Kmisas  ns  a  firo  s^nte  or  a 
slave  state,  the  extension  of  slavery  in  the  territories  of  the  United 
States  ?  Ah,  yes,  that  is  the  theme,  the  extension  of  slavery,  and 
nothing  else.  Now  of  what  is  it  that  the  Americans  in  the  north 
and  in  the  south  are  debating  in  their  councils,  so  far  as  their  debates 
are  suffered  to  transpire?  The  abrogation  and  restoration  of  the 
Missouri  compromise  and  nothing  else.  The  democrats  also  in  the 
north  and  south,  they  speak  of  nothing  else  but  saving  the  Union 
from  destruction,  by  means  of  suppressing  this  very  debate  about 
the  extension  of  slavery. 

Isjthis  question  about  the  extension  of  slavery  new^  unreal,  and 
imaginary,  the  mere  illusion  of  an  hour  ?  Is  it  a  wind  that  "  bloweth 
where  it  listeth  and  thou  hearest  the  sound  thereof,  but  cannot  tell 
whence  it  cometh  and  whither  it  goeth."  No,  it.  is.  an  ancignt  and 
eternal  conflict  between_twq  entirel^^ntn,£pni^9_sy^ma  of  human  ~JL_ 
labor  existing  in  American  society,  not  unequal  in  their  forces;  a 
conflict  for  not  merely  toleration,  but  for  absolute  political  sway  in  the 
republic,  between  the  system  of  free  labor  with  equal  and  universal 
suffrage,  free  speech  free  thought,  and  free  action,  and  the  system  of 
slave  labor  with  unequal  franchises  secured  by  arbitrary,  oppressive 
and  tyrannical  laws.  It  is  as  old  as  the  republic  itself,  although  it  has 


280  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

never  ripened  before.  It  presented  itself  when  the  constitution  was 
adopted,  and  was  only  temporarily  repressed  by  a  compromise  which 
allowed  to  slaveholding  communities  three  votes  for  every  five 
slaves,  while  it  provided  at  the  same  time  for  the  abolition  of  the 
African  slave  trade.  It  presented  itself  in  the  continental  congress 
of  1787,  and  was  then  put  aside  only  by  the  passage  of  the  ordinance 
of  1787,  dedicating  all  the  northwest  territory  to  free  labor.  It 
occurred  again  in  1820,  threatening  to  distract  the  Union,  as  was 
thought,  and  was  then  again  put  to  rest  by  another  compromise 
which  relinquished  Missouri  to  slave  labor,  and  gave  over  the  terri 
tory  which  now  constitutes  Kansas  and  Nebraska  to  free  labor.  It 
occurred  again  in  1844,  when  Texas  was  annexed  and  was  put  to 
sleep  for  only  a  short  space  by  the  division  of  Texas,  very  unequally 
indeed,  into  slave  soil  and  free  soil.  It  arose  again  during  the  war 
with  Mexico,  and  was  quieted  by  the  memorable  compromise  of 
1850,  whose  details  I  need  not  repeat.  It  occurred  again  in  1854, 
on  the  opening  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska  territories  to  civilization, 
and  was  attempted  to  be  put  to  sleep  once  more  by  the  adoption  in 
congress  of  the  specious  delusion  of  popular  sovereignty.  The 
question  that  is  so  old,  has  presented  itself  so  often  and  never  with 
out  disturbing,  as  it  seemed,  the  very  foundations  of  society,  and 
that  has  deranged  and  disorganized  all  the  political  combinations  of 
the  country,  fortified  as  they  were  by  so  many  interests,  ambitions, 
and  traditions,  must  be  confessed  to  be  a  real  and  enduring  if  not  a 
vital  question.  But  a  moment's  examination  will  serve  to  satisfy 
you  that  it  is  also  a  vital  question.  It  is  really  one  in  which  the 
parties  are  a  sectional,  local  class  of  slaveholders,  standing  on  the 
unnatural  principle  of  property  in  human  beings,  on  the  one  side, 
and  the  greater  mass  of  society  on  the  other,  who,  whether  from 
choice  or  necessity,  are  not,  cannot,  and  will  not  be  either  slaves  or 
the  owners  of  slaves. 

It  is  a  question  between  a  small  minority  which  cannot  even 
maintain  itself,  except  by  means  of  continually  increasing  conces 
sions  and  new  and  more  liberal  guarantees,  and  a  majority  that 
could  never  have  been  induced  to  grant  even  any  guaranties  except 
by  threats  of  disunion  and  that  can  expect  no  return  for  new  and 
further  concessions  and  guaranties,  but  increasing  exactions  and 
ultimate  aggressions  or  secessions.  The  slaveholders  can  never  be 
content  without  dominion  which  abridges  personal  freedom  as  well 


NEW   COMPEOMISES   CONSIDERED.  281 

as  circumscribes  the  domain  of  the  non-slaveholding  freemen.  Non- 
slaveholding  freemen  can  never  permanently  submit  to  such  domin 
ion.  Nor  can  the  competition  or  contention  cease,  for  the  reason 
that  the  general  conscience  of  mankind  throws  its  weight  on  the 
side  of  freedom  and  presses  onward  the  resistants  to  oppose  the 
solicitations  and  aggressions  of  the  slaveholding  class.  Heretofore 
opposing  political  combinations  long  established,  and  firmly  en 
trenched  in  traditions  and  popular  affections,  have  concurred  in  the 
policy  of  suppressing  this  great  and  important  question,  but  they 
have  broken  under  its  pressure  at  last.  Henceforth,  the  antagonistical 
elements  will  be  left  to  clash  without  hindrance.  Heretofore  the 
broad  field  of  the  national  territories  allowed  each  of  the  contending 
interests  ample  room  without  coming  into  direct  conflict  with  the 
other.  Henceforth,  the  two  interests  will  be  found  contending  for 
common  ground  claimed  by  both,  and  which  can  be  occupied  only 
by  one  of  them. 

One  other  condition  remains  to  be  settled,  namelj3  that.JJiig_great__ 
question  is  .imminent  andjirgent ;  in  other  words^  tbaLiLrnnst,  be 
settled   and   determined  without   further  postponement  or  delay.. 
How  can  it  bej&irther  postponed  ?     If  it  could  be  postponed  at  all, 

^2      ^^2--^-^5>-2- — ^i-— »>-— Z--*- 

it  could  be  only  by  the  same  means  which  have  been  used  success 
fully  for  that  purpose  heretofore,  namely,  compromise.  Where  are 
the  agents  for  new  compromises?  The  agents  of  the  past  com 
promises  are  gone.  Although  they  sleep  in  honored  graves,  and  the 
mourners  over  them  have  not  yet  quitted  the  streets,  no  new  com 
promisers  arise  to  occupy  their  places.  A  compromise  involves 
mutual  equivalents,  something^to  give  and^sojiipthinr  to -take  in 
exchange.  Will  slavery  give  you  anything?  No,  it  insists  on  _a_ 
free  right  to  all  the  territories.  What  have  you  to  give  in  exchange? 
When  you  have  given  up  Kansas,  you  will  have  relinquished  all 
the  territories,  for  the  principle  of  the  relinquishment  is  that 
slavery  may  constitutionally  take  them  all.  When  compromise_Jg_^y 
exhausted,  what  follows  ?  Dispute,  contention,  contest,  conflict 

No~!~tKe  question  is  imminent?  and  must  be  met  now.  Kansas,  at 
the  last  session  of  congress,  voluntarily  offered  itself  as  a  free  state, 
and  'demanded  to  be  admitted  into  the  Union,  and  was  rejected. 
Since  that  time,  the  territory  has  been  subjugated  by  slaveholders, 
and  they  having  usurped  its  sovereignty,  are  organizing  a  slave  state 
there  which  will  apply  for  admission  into  the  Union  at  the  next 

VOL.  IV.  36 


282  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

session  of  congress.  Utah,  already  organized  as  a  slave  state,  with 
her  incestuous  social  system,  is  lying  concealed  and  waiting,  ready  to 
demand  admission  so  soon  as  Kansas  shall  have  been  received  into 
the  Union.  The  adoption  of  both,  or  even  one,  of  these  states  will 
bear  innuentially,  perhaps  conclusively,  on  the  fortunes  of  the  entire 
conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery. 

Insomuch  as  the  question  that  is  henceforth  to  divide  society  into 
two  parties,  is  thus  seen  to  be  a  vital  and  imminent  one,  let  us  fully 
possess  ourselves  of  its  magnitude.  We  have  a  sluggish,  turbid  and 
desolating  stream  of  slave  labor  issuing  from  fifteen  slave  states. 
We  have  an  ever  increasing  volume  of  free  labor  issuing  from 
sixteen  free  states,  swollen  by  a  stream  scarcely  less  full,  from 
European  and  Asiatic  fountains.  These  two  variant  floods  cannot 
be  mingled,  but  one  necessarily  repels  and  excludes  the  other.  We 
have  half  a  continent  yet  to  be  opened  to  the  flow  of  the  one  or  of 
the  other.  Shall  we  diffuse  slavery  over  it  to  react  upon  and  destroy 
ourselves,  or  shall  we  extend  freedom  over  it  covering  it  with  hap 
piness  throughout  all  its  mountains  and  plains,  and  thus  forever 
establish  our  own  safety  and  happiness  ? 

If  this  great  question  were  disembarrassed  of  all  personal  and 
partisan  interests  and  prejudices,  the  universal  voice  of  the  American 
people  would  be  pronounced  for  freedom  and  against  slavery.  Free 
dom  is  nothing  more  than  equality  of  political  right  or  power 
among  all  the  members  of  a  state.  It  is  natural,  just,  useful  and 
beneficent.  All  men  instinctively  choose  the  side  on  which  these 
advantages  lie.  How  true  this  is  you  may  infer  from  the  fact  that 
every  one  of  the  banners  borne  to  this  field  by  one  of  the  great  con 
tending  masses  wears  as  its  inscription  a  tribute  to  freedom,  while 
no  banner  borne  by  either  of  the  other  parties  is  ever  defiled  with 
homages  to  slavery. 

Nevertheless,  while  all  avow  themselves  favorable  to  freedom,  we 
have  to  choose  between  the  three  political  masses,  the  one  which 
will  effectually  secure  its  predominance  in  the  republic. 
,     Shall  we  join  ourselves  to  the  know-nothing  or  American  organ- 
'  ization  ?     What  are  its  creed  and  its  polic}'-  ?     Its  creed  is  that  the 
•  political  franchises  of  alien  immigrants  and  Roman  catholics  in  our 
country  are  too  great,  and  its  policy  is  to  abridge  them. 

Now  I  might  for  argument's  sake  concede  that  this  creed  and  this 
policy  are  just  and  wise,  still  I  could  not  unite  with  the  know- 


THE   EPHEMERAL   FACTION.  283 

nothings  even  in  that  case,  because  their  movement  is  out  of  season 
and  out  of  place.  The  question  of  Jhejday.Jajopt_  about  natives  and 
foreigners,  nor  about  protestants  and  JRpman  catholics,  but  about 
freemen  and  slaves.  "  The  practical  and  immediately  urgent  question 
is,  shall  Kansas  be  admitted  into  the  Union  as  a  free  state,  or  shall 
she  be  made  a  slave  state  and  so  admitted.  "What  have  the  fran 
chises  of  alien  immigrants  and  Roman  catholics  to  do  with  that  ? 
If  the  American  people  declare  for  freedom,  Kansas  will  be  free. 
If  the  American  people  declare  for  slavery,  Kansas  will  be  a  slave 
state.  If  the  American  people  divide  and  one  portion,  being  a 
minority,  declare  for  freedom ;  while  another  portion,  being  also  a 
minority,  declare  against  foreigners  and  catholics ;  and  a  third,  larger 
than  either,  declare  for  slavery,  nothing  is  obtained  against  foreigners 
and  catholics,  nothing  against  slavery,  and  yet  Kansas  becomes  a 
slave  state.  Thus  it  is  apparent  that  the  issue  raised  by  the  know- 
nothings,  whatever  may  be  its  merit,  is  an  immaterial,  irrelevant  and 
false  issue.  A  false  issue  always  tends  to  divert  and  mislead  the 
people  from  the  true  one,  and  of  course  to  prejudice  the  judgment 
to  be  rendered  upon  it.  I  do  not  accuse  the  know-nothings  of 
designing  so  to  mislead,  because,  first,  I  know  nothing  of  the  mo 
tives  of  others ;  and,  secondly,  because  the  question  is  never  upon 
motives  but  always  upon  effects.  What  have  been  the  effects  thus 
far?  The  know-nothing  members  of  congress  divided  between  the 
advocates  of  freedom  in  the  territories  and  its  opponents.  Their 
votes  combined  with  either  party  would  have  given  it  a  complete 
triumph.  Those  votes  reserved  and  cast  as  some  peculiar  interest 
dictated  have  left  the  question  of  freedom  in  Kansas  to  the  ordeal 
of  the  sword  in  civil  strife. 

What  is  the  effect  upon  the  present  canvass  on  which  depends  the 
question  of  the  admission  of  Kansas  and  of  Utah  as  slave  states  in  the 
next  congress  ?  Distraction  of  the  public  mind.  Such  effects  are 
inevitable.  Whoever  seeks  to  interpose  an  unreal  or  false  issue 
must  necessarily,  in  order  to  gain  even  a  hearing,  affect  neutrality  on 
the  real  one.  At  the  same  time  no  party  can  practice  neutrality 
on  a  vital  issue  with  fairness.  It  will  necessarily  sympathise  with 
the  weaker  of  the  two  contestants,  and  in  some  degree  cooperate 
with  it  to  overthrow  the  stronger,  which  is  the  common  adversary 
of  both.  Of  course,  as  the  two  great  contestants  exhibit  unequal 
strength  in  different  states,  it  will  favor  one  in  some  of  the  states, 


284  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

and  favor  the  other  in  other  states.  By  virtue  of  a  law  that  is  irre 
sistible,  it  will  sooner  or  later  betray  each  party  when  its  own  pecu 
liar  ends  require  that  course.  The  experience  of  the  whig  and 
democratic  parties  has  proved  how  impossible  it  is  to  practise  neu 
trality  on  the  great  question  of  slavery.  The  former  has  broken 
into  pieces  and  perished  in  the  effort.  The  latter  has  been  crowded 
from  a  neutral  position,  and  with  crumbled  ranks  has  taken  that  of 
the  extension  and  fortification  of  slavery.  The  know-nothing  mass 
can  expect  no  better  success.  The  effort  will  cost  its  life.  Crowded 
and  jostled  between  the  two  combatants,  it  will  and  must  dissolve, 
giving  up  portions  of  its  men  here  to  freedom  and  there  to  slavery, 
but  possibly  not  until  it  is  too  late  to  secure  the  triumph  of  freedom. 
Thus  you  see  that  the  know-nothing  mass  is  not  really  a  political 
party.  It  is  only  an  ephemeral  and  evanescent  faction,  as  useless 
and  as  injurious  as  a  third  blade  in  the  shears,  or  a  third  stone  which 
an  ignorant  artizan  might  attempt  to  gear  in  between  the  upper  and 
the  nether  millstone. 

By  another  sign  you  shall  know  it  to  be  not  a  party  but  a  faction. 
From  the  day  of  the  landing  of  the  Pilgrims  at  Plymouth  until  now, 
every  one  of  the  great  parties  which  have  been  engaged  in  directing 
the  life  of  the  American  people  has  recognized,  from  necessity,  the 
political  system  which  exists  and  which  must  continue  to  exist  here 
as  a  republican  one,  based  on  the  principles  of  the  rightful  political 
equality  of  all  the  members  of  the  state,  and  has  acted  on  the  prin 
ciple  that  directness,  publicity  and  equality  of  voices  are  necessary 
in  the  conduct  of  public  affairs.  The  know-nothings  reject  these 
principles,  and  seek  to  exclude  a  large  and  considerable  portion  of 
the  members  of  the  state  from  all  participation  in  the  conduct  of  its 
affairs,  and  to  obtain  control  and  carry  on  the  operations  of  the  gov 
ernment  of  all  by  secret  machinery  inconsistent  with  the  constitution 
of  a  republic,  and  appropriate  only  to  a  conspiracy  either  for  or 
against  despotism.  It  will,  I  think,  be  hereafter  regarded  as  one  of 
the  caprices  of  politics  that  a  system  of  combination  so  puerile  was 
ever  attempted  in  the  United  States.  The  absurdity  of  the  attempt 
is  rendered  still  more  glaring  when  it  is  considered  that  the  grounds 
of  persecution  assumed  against  the  class  to  be  excluded  are  those  of 
nativity  and  religious  belief — grounds  directly  in  conflict  with  that 
elementary  truth  announced  by  the  Declaration  of  Independence, 
that  all  men  are  created  equal,  and  are  by  nature  endowed  with  cer- 


THE   DEMOCRATIC   PAKTY.  285 

tain  inalienable  rights,  to  secure  which  governments '  are  instituted 
among  men ;  and  with  that  fundamental  article  of  the  constitution 
which  declares  that  no  system  of  religion  shall  ever  be  established. 

Who,  then,  will  choose  to  enroll  himself  under  the  banner  of  an 
ephemeral,  evanescent  and  injurious  faction  like  this,  to  be  compro 
mised  in  its  frauds  for  a  day  or  a  year,  or  two  years,  and  then  to  be 
left  by  it  to  the  pity  and  scorn  of  the  nation  whose  confidence  it  had 
sought  to  abuse  ?  Certainly,  no  one  who  values  at  its  just  worth  the 
great  interests  of  freedom  and  humanity,  which  are  staked  on  the 
present  contest,  nor  even  any  one  who  values  at  its  just  worth  his  own 
influence,  or  even  his  own  vote,  or  his  own  character  as  a  citizen. 

Our  choice  between  parties,  fellow  citizens,  is  thus  connned  to  the 
democratic  and  rgfijiblican  parties._  On  what  principle  could  we 
attach  ourselves  to  the  democratic  party  ?  Let  us  look  full  in  the 
face  the  actual  state  of  things.  Seven  years  ago,  when  I  entered 
congress  as  a  senator  from  this  state,  there  was  not  one  acre  of  soil 
within  the  national  domain  from  which  slavery  was  not  excluded  by 
law.  It  was  excluded  from  Minnesota  by  the  ordinance  of  1787, 
which  was  then  of  fully  acknowledged  obligation  and  effect.  It  was 
excluded  from  Kansas  and  Nebraska  by  the  Missouri  compromise 
restriction,  which  also  was  then  in  full  effect.  It  was  equally  excluded 
from  California,  including  New  Mexico  and  Utah,  by  Mexican  laws 
which  had  never  been  impaired,  and  were  of  confessed  obligation. 

It  was  excluded  from  Oregon  by  the  organic  law  of  that  territory. 
Now  there  is  not  an  acre  of  the  public  domain  which  congress  has 
not  opened  to  the  entrance  of  slavery.  It  has  expressly  abrogated 
the  Missouri  compromise,  on  the  ground  that  it  was  void,  for  want 
of  power  in  congress  under  the  constitution  to  exclude  slavery,  and 
also  on  the  ground  that  the  compromise  of  1850  had  already  settled 
its  invalidity.  This  legislation,  if  acquiesced  in  by  the  people,  and 
so  confirmed,  will  henceforth  be  irresistibly  claimed  as  abrogating 
alike  the  ordinance  of  1787,  the  Missouri  compromise  restriction,  and 
the  organic  law  of  Oregon,  and  the  Mexican  laws.  Thus  the  whole 
of  the  territories  has  been  already  lost  to  freedom  by  the  legislation 
of  the  last  seven  years ,  and  the  controversy  before  us  is  one  not  to 
save,  but  to  reclaim.  During  the  first  six  years  of  that  period,  there 
were  only  two  parties — the  democratic  and  the  whig  parties — in 
congress  and  in  the  country.  During  the  last  year  there  were  three, 
the  democratic,  know-nothing  and  republican  parties.  Every  one 


286  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

will  at  once  acquit  the  republican  party,  and  those  who  now  consti 
tute  it,  of  all  agency  in  the  betrayal  and  surrender  of  freedom  which 
have  thus  been  made.  The  responsibility  for  them,  therefore,  belongs 
to  the  democratic  party  and  to  the  whig  party.  Now  you  may 
divide  this  responsibility  between  the  democratic  and  whig  parties, 
just  as  you  like.  The  whig  party  has  perished  under  its  weight, 
but  a  still  greater  responsibility  lies  upon  the  democratic  party.  It 
was  the  democratic  party  that  refused  to  admit  California,  without 
condition  or  compromise,  in  1850 ;  that  forced  on  the  whig  party  the 
compromise  of  that  year,  and  adopted  it  as  its  own  permanent  policy, 
and  elected  Franklin  Pierce  the  present  president  of  the  United 
States.  It  was  the  democratic joarty  that  invented  the  new,  plausible, 
deceptive  and  ruinous  policy  of  abnegation  of  federal  authority  over 
slavery  in  the  territories,  and  the  suBstitution  of  the  theory  of  popu- 

/'"lar  sovereignty^;  arid-  it  was  thie  democratic  party  that,_with  the 
cooperation  of  a  portion  of  the  know-nothings,  rejected  the  appeal 
of  oppressed  and"  subjugated  Kansas  for  relief  and  restoration  to 
freedom,  by  admission  into  the  Union  as  a  free  state.  The  demo 
cratic  party  did,  indeed,  in  some  of  its  conventions  in  northern  states, 
for  a  time  hesitate  to  commit  itself  to  the  policy  of  slavery  propagand- 
isrn  by  breach  of  public  faith,  fraud  and  force,  but  it  has  finally  re 
nounced  all  resistance,  and  it  now  stands  boldly  forth,  avowing  its 
entire  approval  of  that  odious  and  ruinous  determination  to  carry  it 
to  its  end,  whatever  that  end  may  be. 

Nor  will  any  candid  person  claim  that  anything  better  is  to  be 
$  hoped  from  the  democratic  party  in  the  future.     It  is  a  party_essen- 

/-tially  built  on  tfrf.  intftr^pt  of  the  slaveholding  clas&..    Deprived  of 
»vthat  support,  it  would  instantly  cease  to  exist.     The  principle  of  this 
fck  class  is,  that  property  in  man  is  sanctioned  by  the  constitution  of  the 
\  United  States  and  is  inviolate.     All  that  has  been  won  by  this  class 
from  freedom,  has  been  won  on  that  principle.     The  decisions  of 
Judge  Kane  and  other  federal  judges,  and  the  odious  and  tyrannical 
laws  of  the  usurpers  in  Kansas,  are  legitimate  fruits  of  that  principle- 
To  that  principle  the  democratic  party  must  adhere  or  perish,  and  it 
accepts  it  as  the  least  fearful  of  two  alternatives.     But  the  principle, 
when  established  in  the  territories,  will  then  be  with  equal  plausi 
bility  extended  to  the  states,  and  thenceforward  we  are  to  contend  for 
the  right  of  the  free  states  to  exclude  slavery  within  their  own  bor 
ders. 


THE   REPUBLICAN   PARTY.  287 

If-t^ese  arguments  be  sound,  we  are  shut  up  to  the  necessity  of 
rt,  to  the  republican  partyT  as  the  only  means  of 


maintaining  the  cause  of  freedom  and  humanity.  Why,  then,  shall 
we  stand  aloof  from  it,  in  this  election,  or  for  a  day  or  an  hour  ?  I 
will  review  the  argument  urged  from  all  quarters,  and  you  shall  see 
in  the  first  place  that  every  one  of  them  is  frivolous  and'  puerile  ; 
and,  secondly,  that  it  involves  nothing  less  than  a  surrender  of  the 
entire  question  in  issue,  and  acquiescence  in  the  unrestricted  domina 
tion  of  slavery. 

First:  We  are  conjured  by  those  who,  in  Boston,  New  York  and 
elsewhere,  call  themselves  straight-out  whigs,  to  wait  for  a  reorgani 
zation  of  the  national  whig  party,  to  rescue  the  cause  of  freedom. 
But  is  it  written  in  any  book  of  political  revelation  that  a  resurrec 
tion  on  this  earth  awaits  parties  which  have  fulfilled  the  course  of 
nature  ? 

Secondly:  The  whig  party  perished  through  a  lack  of  virtue  to 
maintain  the  cause  of  freedom.  Amongst  all  of  those  who  are  wait 
ing  and  praying  for  its  resurrection,  there  is  not  one  that  to-day 
yields  his  support  to  that  cause.  What,  then,  but  new  betrayals  can 
be  expected,  if  it  is  destined  to  a  resurrection  ? 

We  are  told  on  all  sides  that  the  republican  party  is  new  and 
partially  organized,  and  merely  experimental.  It  is,  indeed,  new, 
and  as  yet  imperfectly  organized.  But  so  once  was  the  ancient 
whig  party,  that  gave  to  the  country  independence.  So  once  was 
the  federal  party,  that  gave  to  the  country  its  constitution.  So  once 
was  the*  ancient  republican  party,  that  gave  to  the  country  a  complete 
emancipation  of  the  masses  from  the  combination  of  classes.  So 
once  was  the  whig  and  the  democratic  party.  It  is  the  destiny  of 
associations  of  men  to  have  a  beginning  and  an  end.  If  an  associa 
tion  is  born  of  an  enduring  political  necessity,  it  will  endure  and 
wax  in  vigor  and  power  until  it  supplants  other  and  superfluous, 
though  more  aged  combinations.  That  such  is  to  be  the  case  with 
the  republican  party,  is  seen  in  the  fact  that  all  existing  combinations 
are  now  uniting  against  it,  on  the  ground  that  such  a  union  is  neces 
sary  to  prevent  its  immediate  and  overwhelming  ascendancy.  This 
union  is  an  effective  answer  to  the  former  argument,  that  the  repub 
lican  party  is  an  ephemeral  and  evanescent  one. 

Thirdly:  We  are  favored  with  criticisms  by  the  democrats  and 
know-nothings  on  the  course  of  the  republican  members  of  the  house 


288  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  representatives,  by  voting  for  Mr.  Dunn's  bill  to  restore  the  Mis 
souri  compromise,  and  against  Mr.  Toombs'  bill,  for  pacifying  Kan 
sas,  which  votes,  it  is  said,  prove  the  republicans  insincere  in  their 
devotion  to  freedom.  These  are  the  same  class  of  arguments  with 
those  which  are  urged  by  infidels  against  the  Christian  church,  on 
the  ground  of  the  short-comings  of  its  members. 
^Suppose  we  abandon  the  republican  party  for  its^short-comin^Sj 
will  freedom  then  have  any  party  left?  and  if  so,  what  party,  and 
\yliere  'shall  we  find  it?  Certainly  no  other  party  but  the  democratic 
party,  of  which  Franklin  Pierce  and  Stephen  A.  Douglas  are  the 
apostles.  But  that  is  the  party  of  slavery. 

citizens7  I  have  discussed  parties  with  no  asperity  and  with 


no  partiality,  for  I  know  that  masses  and  individuals  are  affie  honest 
well  meaning  and  patriotic.  I  have  no  animosities  and  no  griefs. 
While  I  have  tried  to  pursue  always  that  one  steady  course  which 
my  conscience  has  approved,  my  friends  have  often  been  alienated, 
and  adversaries  have  become  friends.  The  charity  of  judgment,  to 
which  I  feel  that  I  am  entitled  —  that  is  the  charity  I  extend  to  others. 
I  do  not  predict  the  times  and  seasons  when  one  or  other  of  the 
contending  political  elements  shall  prevail.  I  know,  nevertheless, 
that  this  state,  this  nation,  and  this  earth  are  to  be  the  abode  and 
happy  home  of  freemen.  Its  hills  and  valleys  are  to  be  fields  of 
free  labor,  free  thought  and  free  suffrages.  That  consummation  will 
come  when  society  is  prepared  for  it.  My  labors  are  devoted  to  that 
preparation.  I  leave  others  to  cling  to  obsolete  traditions  and  decay 
ing  systems,  and  perish  with  them  if  they  must  ;  but  in  politics,  as 
in  religion,  I  desire  for  myself  to  be  always  with  that  portion  of  my 
fellow  men  who  hold  fast  to  the  truth,  with  hope  and  confidence 
enduring  through  all  trials  in  its  complete  and  eternal  triumph. 


THE  IRREPRESSIBLE  CONFLICT. 

ROCHESTER,  OCTOBER  25,  1858. 

THE  unmistakable  outbreaks  of  zeal  which  occur  all  around  me, 
show  that  you  are  earnest  men — and  such  a  man  am  I.  Let  us 
therefore,  at  least  for  a  time,  pass  by  all  secondary  and  collateral 
questions,  whether  of  a  personal  or  of  a  general  nature,  and  consider 
the  main  subject  of  the  present  canvass.  The  democratic  party— or, 
to  speak  more  accurately,  the  party  which  wears  that  attractive 
name — is  in  possession  of  the  federal  government.  The  republicans 
propose  to  dislodge  that  party,  and  dismiss  it  from  its  high  trust. 

The  main  subject,  then,  is,  whether  the  democratic  party  deserves 
to  retain  the  confidence  of  the  American  people.  In  attempting  to 
prove  it  unworthy,  I  think  that  I  am  not  actuated  by  prejudices 
against  that  party,  or  by  prepossessions  in  favor  of  its  adversary ; 
for  I  have  learned,  by  some  experience,  that  virtue  and  patriotism, 
vice  and  selfishness,  are  found  in  all  parties,  and  that  they  differ  less 
in  their  motives  than  in  the  policies  they  pursue. 

Our  country  is  a  theatre,  which  exhibits,  in  full  operation,  two 
radically  different  political  systems ;  the  one  resting  on  the  basis  of 
servile  or  slave  labor,  the  other  on  the  basis  of  voluntary  labor  of 
freemen. 

The  laborers  who  are  enslaved  are  all  negroes,  or  persons  more  or 
less  purely  of  African  derivation.  But  this  is  only  accidental.  The 
principle  of  the  system  is,  that  labor  in  every  society,  by  whomso 
ever  performed,  is  necessarily  unintellectual,  groveling  and  base; 
and  that  the  laborer,  equally  for  his  own  good  and  for  the  welfare 
of  the  state,  ought  to  be  enslaved  The  white  laboring  man,  whether 
native  or  foreigner,  is  not  enslaved,  only  because  he  cannot,  as  yet, 
be  reduced  to  bondage. 

You  need  not  be  told  now  that  the  slave  system  is  the  older  of  the 
two,  and  that  once  it  was  universal. 

VOL.  IV.  37 


290  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

The  emancipation  of  oar  own  ancestors,  Caucasians  and  Europeans 
as  they  were,  hardly  dates  beyond  a  period  of  five  hundred  years. 
The  great  melioration  of  human  society  which  modern  times  exhibit, 
is  mainly  due  to  the  incomplete  substitution  of  the  system  of  volun 
tary  labor  for  the  old  one  of  servile  labor,  which  has  already  taken 
place.  This  African  slave  system  is  one  which,  in  its  origin  and  in 
its  growth,  has  been  altogether  foreign  from  the  habits  of  the  races 
which  colonized  these  states,  and  established  civilization  here.  It 
was  introduced  on  this  new  continent  as  an  engine  of  conquest,  and 
for  the  establishment  of  monarchical  power,  by  the  Portuguese  and 
the  Spaniards,  and  was  rapidly  extended  by  them  all  over  South 
America,  Central  America,  Louisiana  and  Mexico.  Its  legitimate 
fruits  are  seen  in  the  poverty,  imbecility,  and  anarchy,  which  now 
pervade  all  Portuguese  and  Spanish  America.  The  free-labor  sys 
tem  is  of  German  extraction,  and  it  was  established  in  our  country 
by  emigrants  from  Sweden,  Holland,  Germany,  Great  Britain  and 
Ireland. 

We  justly  ascribe  to  its  influences  the  strength,  wealth,  greatness, 
intelligence,  and  freedom,  which  the  whole  American  people  now 
enjoy.  One  of  the  chief  elements  of  the  value  of  human  life  is  free 
dom  in  the  pursuit  of  happiness.  The  slave  system  is  not  only  in 
tolerable,  unjust,  and  inhuman,  towards  the  laborer,  whom,  only 
because  he  is  a  laborer,  it  loads  down  with  chains  and  converts  into 
merchandise,  but  is  scarcely  less  severe  upon  the  freeman,  to  whom, 
only  because  he  is  a  laborer  from  necessity,  it  denies  facilities  for 
employment,  and  whom  it  expels  from  the  community  because  it 
cannot  enslave  and  convert  him  into  merchandise  also.  It  is  neces 
sarily  improvident  and  ruinous,  because,  as  a  general  truth,  commu 
nities  prosper  and  flourish  or  droop  and  decline  in  just  the  degree 
that  they  practise  or  neglect,  to  practise  the  primary  duties  of  justice 
and  humanity.  The  free-labor  system  conforms  to  the  divine  law  of 
equality,  which  is  written  in  the  hearts  and  consciences  of  man,  and 
therefore  is  always  and  everywhere  beneficent. 

The  slave  system  is  one  of  constant  danger,  distrust,  suspicion,  and 
watchfulness.  It  debases  those  whose  toil  alone  can  produce  wealth 
and  resources  for  defense,  to  the  lowest  degree  of  which  human  nature 
is  capable,  to  guard  against  mutiny  and  insurrection,  and  thus  wastes 
energies  which  otherwise  might  be  employed  in  national  develop 
ment  and  aggrandizement. 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  291 

The  free-labor  system  educates  all  alike,  and  by  opening  all  the 
fields  of  industrial  employment,  and  all  the  departments  of  authority, 
to  the  unchecked  and  equal  rivalry  of  all  classes  of  men,  at  once 
secures  universal  contentment,  and  brings  into  the  highest  possible 
activity  all  the  physical,  moral  and  social  energies  of  the  whole  state. 
In  states  where  the  slave  system  prevails,  the  masters,  directly  or 
indirectly,  secure  all  political  power,  and  constitute  a  ruling  aristo 
cracy.  In  states  where  the  free-labor  system  prevails,  universal  suf 
frage  necessarily  obtains,  and  the  state  inevitably  becomes,  sooner  or 
later,  a  republic  or  democracy. 

Eussia  yet  maintains  slavery,  and  is  a  despotism.  Most  of  the 
other  European  states  have  abolished  slavery,  and  adopted  the  sys 
tem  of  free  labor.  It  was  the  antagonistic  political  tendencies  of  the 
two  systems  which  the  first  Napoleon  was  contemplating  when  he 
predicted  that  Europe  would  ultimately  be  either  all  Cossack  or  all 
republican.  Never  did  human  sagacity  utter  a  more  pregnant  truth. 
The.  two  systems  are  at  once  perceived  to  be  incongruous.  But  they 
are  more  than  incongruous — they  are  incompatible.  They  never 
have  permanently  existed  together  in  one  country,  and  they  never 
can.  It  would  be  easy  to  demonstrate  this  impossibility,  from  the 
irreconcilable  contrast  between  their  great  principles  and  character 
istics.  But  the  experience  of  mankind  has  conclusively  established 
it.  Slavery,  as  I  have  already  intimated,  existed  in  every  state  in 
Europe.  Free  labor  has  supplanted  it  everywhere  except  in  Russia 
and  Turkey.  State  necessities  developed  in  modern  times,  are  now 
obliging  even  those  two  nations  to  encourage  and  employ  free  labor ; 
and  already,  despotic  as  they  are,  we  find  them  engaged  in  abolish 
ing  slavery.  In  the  United  States,  slavery  came  into  collision  with 
free  labor  at  the  close  of  the  last  century,  and  fell  before  it  in  New 
England,  New  York,  New  Jersey  and  Pennsylvania,  but  triumphed 
over  it  effectually,  and  excluded  it  for  a  period  yet  undetermined, 
from  Virginia,  the  Carolinas  and  Georgia.  Indeed,  so  incompatible 
are  the  two  systems,  that  every  new  state  which  is  organized  within 
our  ever  extending  domain  makes  its  first  political  act  a  choice  of 
the  one  and  the  exclusion  of  the  other,  even  at  the  cost  of  civil  war,  if 
necessary.  The  slave  states,  without  law,  at  the  last  national  election, 
successfully  forbade,  within  their  own  limits,  even  the  casting  of  votes 
for  a  candidate  for  president  of  the  United  States  supposed  to  be 
favorable  to  the  establishment  of  the  free-labor  system  in  new  states. 


292  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

Hitherto,  the  two  systems  have  existed  in  different  states,  but  side 
by  side  within  the  American  Union.  This  has  happened  because  the 
Union  is  a  confederation  of  states.  But  in  another  aspect  the  United 
States  constitute  only  one  nation.  Increase  of  population,  which  is 
filling  the  states  out  to  their  very  borders,  together  with  a  new  and  ex 
tended  net- work  of  railroads  and  other  avenues,  and  an  internal  com 
merce  which  daily  becomes  more  intimate,  is  rapidly  bringing  the 
states  into  a  higher  and  more  perfect  social  unity  or  consolidation. 
/"Thus,  these  antagonistic  systems  are  continually  coming  into  closer 
contact,  and  collision  results. 

Shall  I  tell  you  what  this  collision  means  ?  They  who  think  that 
it  is  accidental,  unnecessary,  the  work  of  interested  or  fanatical  agi 
tators,  and  therefore  ephemeral,  mistake  the  case  altogether.  It_is 
an  irrepressible  conflict  between  opposing  and  enduring  forces,  and 
it  means  that  the  United  States  must  and  will,  sooner  or  later,  be 
come  either  entirely  a  slaveholding  nation,  or  entirely  a  free-labor 
nation.  Either  the  cotton  and  rice-fields  of  South  Carolina  and  the 
sugar  plantations  of  Louisiana  will  ultimately  be  tilled  by  free  labor, 
and  Charleston  and  New  Orleans  become  marts  for  legitimate  mer 
chandise  alone,  or  else  the  rye-fields  and  wheat-fields  of  Massachusetts 
and  New  York  must  again  be  surrendered  by  their  farmers  to  slave 
culture  and  to  the  production  of  slaves,  and  Boston  and  New  York 
become  once  more  markets  for  trade  in  the  bodies  and  souls  of  men. 
It  is  the  failure  to  apprehend  this  great  truth  that  induces  so  many 
unsuccessful  attempts  at  final  compromise  between  the  slave  and  free 
states,  and  it  is  the  existence  of  this  great  fact  that  renders  all  such 
pretended  compromises,  when  made,  vain  and  ephemeral.  Startling 
as  this  saying  may  appear  to  you,  fellow  citizens,  it  is  by  no  means 
an  original  or  even  a  moderate  one.  Our  forefathers  knew  it  to  be 
true,  and  unanimously  acted  upon  it  when  they  framed  the  constitu 
tion  of  the  United  States.  They  regarded  the  existence  of  the  servile 
system  in  so  many  of  the  states  with  sorrow  and  shame,  which  they 
openly  confessed,  and  they  looked  upon  the  collision  between  themr 
which  was  then  just  revealing  itself,  and  which  we  are  now  accus 
tomed  to  deplore,  with  favor  and  hope.  They  knew  that  either  the 
one  or  the  other  system  must  exclusively  prevail. 

Unlike  top  many  of  those  who  in  modern  time  invoke  their  autho 
rity,  they  had  a  choice  between  the  two.  They  preferred  the  system 
of  free  labor,  and  they  determined  to  organize  the  government,  and 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  293 

so  to  direct  its  activity,  that  that  system  should  surely  and  certainly 
prevail.  For  this  purpose,  and  no  other,  they  based  the  whole  struc 
ture  of  government  broadly  on  the  principle  that  all  men  are  created 
equal,  and  therefore  free — little  dreaming  that,  within  the  short 
period  of  one  hundred  years,  their  descendants  would  bear  to  be 
told  by  any  orator,  however  popular,  that  the  utterance  of  that  prin 
ciple  was  merely  a  rhetorical  rhapsody;  or  by  any  judge,  however 
venerated,  that  it  was  attended  by  mental  reservations,  which  ren 
dered  it  hypocritical  and  false.  By  the  ordinance  of  1787,  they 
dedicated  all  of  the  national  domain  not  yet  polluted  by  slavery  to 
free  labor  immediately,  thenceforth  and  forever ;  while  by  the  new 
constitution  and  laws  they  invited  foreign  free  labor  from  all  lands 
under  the  sun,  and  interdicted  the  importation  of  African  slave 
labor,  at  all  times,  in  all  places,  and  under  all  circumstances  what 
soever.  It  is  true  that  they  necessarily  and  wisely  modified  this 
policy  of  freedom,  by  leaving  it  to  the  several  states,  affected  as  they 
were  by  differing  circumstances,  to  abolish  slavery  in  their  own  way 
and  at  their  own  pleasure,  instead  of  confiding  that  duty  to  congress ; 
and  that  they  secured  to  the  slave  states,  while  yet  retaining  the  sys 
tem  of  slavery,  a  three-fifths  representation  of  slaves  in  the  federal 
government,  until  they  should  find  themselves  able  to  relinquish  it 
with  safety.  But  the  very  nature  of  these  modifications  fortifies 
my  position  that  the  fathers  knew  that  the  two  systems  could  not 
endure  within  the  Union,  and  expected  that  within  a  short  period 
slavery  would  disappear  forever.  Moreover,  in  order  that  these 
modifications  might  not  altogether  defeat  their  grand  design  of  a 
republic  maintaining  universal  equality,  they  provided  that  two- 
thirds  of  the  states  might  amend  the  constitution. 

It  remains  to  say  on  this  point  only  one  word,  to  guard  against 
misapprehension.  If  these  states  are  to  again  become  universally 
slaveholding,  I  do  not  pretend  to  say  with  what  violations  of  the 
constitution  that  end  shall  be  accomplished.  On  the  other  hand, 
while  I  do  confidently  believe  and  hope  that  my  country  will  yet 
become  a  land  of  universal  freedom,  I  do  not  expect  that  it  will  be 
made  so  otherwise  than  through  the  action  of 'the  several  states 
cooperating  with  the  federal  government,  and  all  acting  in  strict  con 
formity  with  their  respective  constitutions. 

The  strife  and  contentions  concerning  slavery,  which  gently-dis 
posed  persons  so  habitually  deprecate,  are  nothing  more  than  the 


294  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

ripening  of  the  conflict  which  the  fathers  themselves  not  only  thus 
regarded  with  favor,  but  which  they  may  be  said  to  have  instituted. 
It  is  not  to  be  denied,  however,  that  thus  far  the  course  of  that 
contest  has  not  been  according  to  their  humane  anticipations  and 
wishes.  In  the  field  of  federal  politics,  slavery,  deriving  unlooked- 
for  advantages  from  commercial  changes,  and  energies  unforeseen  from 
the  facilities  of  combination  between  members  of  the  slaveholding 
class  and  between  that  class  and  other  property  classes,  early  rallied, 
and  has  at  length  made  a  stand,  not  merely  to  retain  its  original 
defensive  position,  but  to  extend  its  sway  throughout  the  whole 
Union.  It  is  certain  that  the  slaveholding  class  of  American  citi 
zens  indulge  this  high  ambition,  and  that  they  derive  encouragement, 
for  it  from  the  rapid  and  effective  political  successes  which  they  have 
already  obtained.  The  plan  of  operation  is  this:  By  continued 
appliances  of  patronage  and  threats  of  disunion,  they  will  keep  a 
majority  favorable  to  these  designs  in  the  senate,  where  each  state 
has  an  equal  representation.  Through  that  majority  they  will  de 
feat,  as  they  best  can,  the  admission  of  free  states  and  secure  the 
admission  of  slave  states.  Under  the  protection  of  the  judiciary, 
they  will,  on  the  principle  of  the  Dred  Scott  case,  carry  slavery  into- 
all  the  territories  of  the  United  States  now  existing  and  hereafter  to 
be  organized.  By  the  action  of  the  president  and  the  senate,  using 
the  treaty-making  power,  they  will  annex  foreign  slaveholding  states. 
In  a  favorable  conjuncture  they  will  induce  congress  to  repeal  the 
act  of  1808,  which  prohibits  the  foreign  slave  trade,  and  so  they  will 
import  from  Africa,  at  the  cost  of  only  twenty  dollars  a  head,  slaves 
enough  to  fill  up  the  interior  of  the  continent.  Thus  relatively  in 
creasing  the  number  of  slave  states,  they  will  allow  no  amendment 
to  the  constitution  prejudicial  to  their  interest ;  and  so,  having  per 
manently  established  their  power,  they  expect  the  federal  judiciary 
to  nullify  all  state  laws  which  shall  interfere  with  internal  or  foreign 
commerce  in  slaves.  When  the  free  states  shall  be  sufficiently  demo 
ralized  to  tolerate  these  designs,  they  reasonably  conclude  that  slavery 
will  be  accepted  by  those  states  themselves.  I  shall  not  stop  to  show 
how  speedy  or  how  complete  would  be  the  ruin  which  the  accom 
plishment  of  these  slaveholding  schemes  would  bring  upon  the  coun 
try.  For  one,  I  should  not  remain  in  the  country  to  test  the  sad 
experiment.  Having  spent  my  manhood,  though  not  my  whole  life, 
n  a  free  state,  no  aristocracy  of  any  kind,  much  less  an  aristocracy 


THE    IKREPEESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  295 

of  slaveholders,  shall  ever  make  the  laws  of  the  land  in  which  I  shall 
be  content  to  live.  Having  seen  the  society  around  me  universally 
engaged  in  agriculture,  manufactures  and  trade,  which  were  innocent 
and  beneficent,  I  shall  never  be  a  denizen  of  a  state  where  men  and 
women  are  reared  as  cattle,  and  bought  and  sold  as  merchandise. 
When  that  evil  day  shall  come,  and  all  further  effort  at  resistance 
shall  be  impossible,  then,  if  there  shall  be  no  better  hope  for  redemp 
tion  than  I  can  now  foresee,  I  shall  say  with  Franklin,  while  looking 
abroad  over  the  whole  earth  for  a  new  and  more  congenial  home, 
"  Where  liberty  dwells,  there  is  my  country." 

You  will  tell  me  that  these  fears  are  extravagant  and  chimerical. 
I  answer,  they  are  so ;  but  they  are  so  only  because  the  designs  of 
the  slaveholders  must  and  can  be  defeated.  But  it  is  only  the  possi 
bility  of  defeat  that  renders  them  so.  They  cannot  be  defeated  by 
inactivity.  There  is  no  escape  from  them,  compatible  with  non-re 
sistance.  How,  then,  and  in  what  way,  shall  the  necessary  resistance 
be  made.  There  is  only  one  way.  The  democratic  party  must  be 
permanently  dislodged  from  the  government.  The  reason  is,  that 
the  democratic  party  is  inextricably  committed  to  the  designs  of  the 
slaveholders,  which  I  have  described.  Let  me  be  well  understood. 
I  do  not  charge  that  the  democratic  candidates  for  public  office  now 
before  the  people  are  pledged  to — much  less  that  the  democratic  masses 
who  support  them  really  adopt — those  atrocious  and  dangerous  de 
signs.  Candidates  may,  and  generally  do,  mean  to  act  justly,  wisely 
and  patriotically,  when  they  shall  be  elected  ;  but  they  become  the 
ministers  and  servants,  not  the  dictators,  of  the  power  which  elects 
them.  The  policy  which  a  party  shall  pursue  at  a  future  period  is 
only  gradually  developed,  depending  on  the  occurrence  of  events 
never  fully  foreknown.  The  motives  of  men,  whether  acting  as 
electors  or  in  any  other  capacity,  are  generally  pure.  Nevertheless, 
it  is  not  more  true  that  "hell  is  paved  with  good  intentions,"  than  it 
is  that  earth  is  covered  with  wrecks  resulting  from  innocent  and 
amiable  motives. 

The  very  constitution  of  the  democratic  party  commits  it  to  exe 
cute  all  the  designs  of  the  slaveholders,  whatever  they  may  be.  It 
is  not  a  party  of  the  whole  Union,  of  all  the  free  states  and  of  all 
the  slave  states ;  nor  yet  is  it  a  party  of  the  free  states  in  the  north 
and  in  the  northwest ;  but  it  is  a  sectional  and  local  party,  having 


296  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

practically  its  seat  within  the  slave  states,  and  counting  its  constitu 
ency  chiefly  and  almost  exclusively  there.  Of  all  its  representatives 
in  congress  and  in  the  electoral  colleges,  two-thirds  uniformly  come 
from  these  states.  Its  great  element  of  strength  lies  in  the  vote  of 
the  slaveholders,  augmented  by  the  representation  of  three-fifths  of 
the  slaves.  Deprive  the  democratic  party  of  this  strength,  and  it 
would  be  a  helpless  and  hopeless  minority,  incapable  of  continued 
organization.  The  democratic  party,  being  thus  local  and  sectional, 
acquires  new  strength  from  the  admission  of  every  new  slave  state, 
and  loses  relatively  by  the  admission  of  every  new  free  state  into 
the  Union. 

A  party  is  in  one  sense  a  joint  stock  association,  in  which  those 
who  contribute  most  direct  the  action  and  management  of  the  con 
cern.  The  slaveholders  contributing  in  an  overwhelming  proportion 
to  the  capital  strength  of  the  democratic  party,  they  necessarily  dic 
tate  and  prescribe  its  policy.  The  inevitable  caucus  system  enables 
them  to  do  so  with  a  show  of  fairness  and  justice.  If  it  were  pos 
sible  to  conceive  for  a  moment  that  the  democratic  party  should 
disobey  the  behests  of  the  slaveholders,  we  should  then  see  a  with 
drawal  of  the  slaveholders,  which  would  leave  the  party  to  perish. 
The  portion  of  the  party  which  is  found  in  the  free  states  is  a  mere 
appendage,  convenient  to  modify  its  sectional  character,  without 
impairing  its  sectional  constitution,  and  is  less  effective  in  regulating 
its  movement  than  the  nebulous  tail  of  the  comet  is  in  determining 
the  appointed  though  apparently  eccentric  course  of  the  fiery  sphere 
from  which  it  emanates. 

To  expect  the  democratic  party  to  resist  slavery  and  favor  free 
dom,  is  as  unreasonable  as  to  look  for  protestant  missionaries  to  the 
catholic  propaganda  of  Eome.  The  history  of  the  democratic  party 
commits  it  to  the  policy  of  slavery.  It  has  been  the  democratic 
party,  and  no  other  agency,  which  has  carried  that  policy  up  to  its 
present  alarming  culmination.  Without  stopping  to  ascertain,  criti 
cally,  the  origin  of  the  present  democratic  party,  we  may  concede  its 
claim  to  date  from  the  era  of  good  feeling  which  occurred  under  the 
administration  of  President  Monroe.  At  that  time,  in  this  state,  and 
about  that  time  in  many  others  of  the  free  states,  the  democratic 
party  deliberately  disfranchised  the  free  colored  or  African  citizen, 
and  it  has  pertinaciously  continued  this  disfranchisement  eyer  since. 
This  was  an  effective  aid  to  slavery ;  for,  while  the  slaveholder  votes 


THE   IKREPKESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  297 

for  his  slaves  against  freedom,  the  freed  slave  in  the  free  states  is 
prohibited  from  voting  against  slavery. 

In  1824,  the  democracy  resisted  the  election  of  John  Quincy 
Adams — himself  before  that  time  an  acceptable  democrat — and  in 
1828  it  expelled  him  from  the  presidency  and  put  a  slaveholder  in 
his  place,  although  the  office  had  been  filled  by  slaveholders  thirty- 
two  oat  of  forty  years. 

In  1836,  Martin  Van  Buren — the  first  non-slaveholding  citizen  of 
a  free  state  to  whose  election  the  democratic  party  ever  consented — 
signalized  his  inauguration  into  the  presidency  by  a  gratuitous 
announcement,  that  under  no  circumstances  would  he  ever  approve 
a  bill  for  the  abolition  of  slavery  in  the  District  of  Columbia.  From 
1838  to  1844,  the  subject  of  abolishing  slavery  in  the  District  of 
Columbia  and  in  the  national  dock-yards  and  arsenals,  was  brought 
before  congress  by  repeated  popular  appeals.  The  democratic  party 
thereupon  promptly  denied  the  right  of  petition,  and  effectually  sup 
pressed  the  freedom  of  speech  in  congress,  so  far  as  the  institution 
of  slavery  was  concerned. 

From  1840  to  1843,  good  and  wise  men  counseled  that  Texas 
should  remain  outside  the  Union  until  she  should  consent  to  relin 
quish  her  self  instituted  slavery;  but  the  democratic  party  precipi 
tated  her  admission  into  the  Union,  not  only  without  that  condition, 
but  even  with  a  covenant  that  the  state  might  be  divided  and  reor 
ganized  so  as  to  constitute  four  slave  states  instead  of  one. 

In  1846,  when  the  United  States  became  involved  in  a  war  with 
Mexico,  and  it  was  apparent  that  the  struggle  would  end  in  the  dis 
memberment  of  that  republic,  which  was  a  non-slaveholding  power, 
the  democratic  party  rejected  a  declaration  that  slavery  should  not 
be  established  within  the  territory  to  be  acquired.  When,  in  1850, 
governments  were  to  be  instituted  in  the  territories  of  California  and 
New  Mexico,  the  fruits  of  that  war,  the  democratic  party  refused  to 
admit  New  Mexico  as  a  free  state,  and  only  consented  to  admit  Cali 
fornia  as  a  free  state  on  the  condition,  as  it  has  since  explained  the 
transaction,  of  leaving  all  of  New  Mexico  and  Utah  open  to  slavery, 
to  which  was  also  added  the  concession  of  perpetual  slavery  in  the  Dis 
trict  of  Columbia,  and  the  passage  of  an  unconstitutional,  cruel  and 
humiliating  law,  for  the  recapture  of  fugitive  slaves,  with  a  further 
stipulation  that  the  subject  of  slavery  should  never  again  be  agitated 
in  either  chamber  of  congress.  When,  in  1854,  the  slaveholders 

VOL.  IV.  38 


298  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

were  contentedly  reposing  on  these  great  advantages,  then  so  recently 
won,  the  democratic  party  unnecessarily,  officiously  and  with  super- 
serviceable  liberality,  awakened  them  from  their  slumber,  to  offer 
and  force  on  their  acceptance  the  abrogation  of  the  law  which  de 
clared  that  neither  slavery  nor  involuntary  servitude  should  ever 
exist  within  that  part  of  the  ancient  territory  of  Louisiana  which 
lay  outside  of  the  state  of  Missouri,  and  north  of  the  parallel  of  36° 
30'  of  north  latitude — a  law  which,  with  the  exception  of  one  other, 
was  the  only  statute  of  freedom  then  remaining  in  the  federal 
code. 

In  1856,  when  the  people  of  Kansas  had  organized  a  new  state 
within  the  region  thus  abandoned  to  slavery,  and  applied  to  be 
admitted  as  a  free  state  into  the  Union,  the  democratic  party  con 
temptuously  rejected  their  petition,  and  drove  them  with  menaces 
and  intimidations  from  the  halls  of  congress,  and  armed  the  presi 
dent  with  military  power  to  enforce  their  submission  to  a  slave  code, 
established  over  them  by  fraud  and  usurpation.  At  every  subse 
quent  stage  of  the  long  contest  which  has  since  raged  in  Kansas,  the 
democratic  party  has  lent  its  sympathies,  its  aid,  and  all  the  powers 
of  the  government  which  it  controlled,  to  enforce  slavery  upon  that 
unwilling  and  injured  people.  And  now,  even  at  this  day,  while  it 
mocks  us  with  the  assurance  that  Kansas  is  free,  the  democratic 
party  keeps  the  state  excluded  from  her  just  and  proper  place  in  the 
Union,  under  the  hope  that  she  may  be  dragooned  into  the  accept 
ance  of  slavery. 

The  democratic  party,  finally,  has  procured  from  a  supreme 
judiciary,  fixed  in  its  interest,  a  decree  thaj  slavery  exists  by  force 
of  the  constitution  in  every  territory  of  the  United  States,  para 
mount  to  all  legislative  authority,  either  within  the  territory,  or 
residing  in  congress. 

Such  is  the  democratic  party.  It  has  no  policy,  state  or  federal, 
for  finance,  or  trade,  or  manufacture,  or  commerce,  or  education,  or 
internal  improvements,  or  for  the  protection  or  even  the  security  of 
civil  or  religious  liberty.  It  is  positive  and  uncompromising  in  the 
interest  of  slavery — negative,  compromising,  and  vacillating,  in 
regard  to  everything  else.  It  boasts  its  love  of  equality,  and  wastes 
its  strength,  and  even  its  life,  in  fortifying  the  only  aristocracy 
known  in  the  land.  It  professes  fraternity,  and,  so  often  as  slavery 
requires,  allies  itself  with  proscription.  It  magnifies  itself  for  con- 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  299 

quests  in  foreign  lands,  but  it  sends  the  national  eagle  forth  always 
with  chains,  and  not  the  olive  branch,  in  his  fangs. 

This  dark  record  shows  you,  fellow  citizens,  what  I  was  unwilling 
to  announce  at  an  earlier  stage  of  this  argument,  that  of  the  whole 
nefarious  schedule  of  slaveholding  designs  which  I  have  submitted 
to  you,  the  democratic  party  has  left  only  one  yet  to  be  consumma 
ted — the  abrogation  of  the  law  which  forbids  the  African  slave  trade. 

Now,  I  know  very  well  that  the  democratic  party  has,  at  every 
stage  of  these  procceedings,  disavowed  the  motive  and  the  policy  of 
fortifying  and  extending  slavery,  and  has  excused  them  on  entirely 
different  and  more  plausible  grounds.  But  the  inconsistency  and 
frivolity  of  these  pleas  prove  still  more  conclusively  the  guilt  I 
charge  upon  that  party.  It  must,  indeed,  try  to  excuse  such  guilt 
before  mankind,  and  even  to  the  consciences  of  its  own  adherents. 
There  is  an  instinctive  abhorrence  of  slavery,  and  an  inborn  and 
inhering  love  of  freedom  in  the  human  heart,  which  render  pallia 
tion  of  such  gross  misconduct  indispensable.  It  disfranchised  the 
free  African  on  the  ground  of  a  fear  that,  if  left  to  enjoy  the  right 
of  suffrage,  he  might  seduce  the  free  white  citizens  into  amalgama 
tion  with  his  wronged  and  despised  race.  The  democratic  party 
condemned  and  deposed  John  Quincy  Adams,  because  he  expended 
twelve  millions  a  year,  while  it  justifies  his  favored  successor  in  spend 
ing  seventy,  eighty  and  even  one  hundred  millions,  a  year.  It 
denies  emancipation  in  the  District  of  Columbia,  even  with  compensa 
tion  to  masters  and  the  consent  of  the  people,  on  the  ground  of  an 
implied  constitutional  inhibition,  although  the  constitution  expressly 
confers  upon  congress  sovereign  legislative  power  in  that  district,  and 
although  the  democratic  party  is  tenacious  of  the  principle  of  strict 
construction.  It  violated  the  express  provisions  of  the  constitution  in 
suppressing  petition  and  debate  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  through  fear 
of  disturbance  of  the  public  harmony,  although  it  claims  that  the  elec 
tors  have  a  right  to  instruct  their  representatives,  and  even  demand 
their  resignation  in  cases  of  contumacy.  It  extended  slavery  over 
Texas,  and  connived  at  the  attempt  to  spread  it  across  the  Mexican 
territories,  even  to  the  shores  of  the  Pacific  ocean,  under  a  plea  of 
enlarging  the  area  of  freedom.  It  abrogated  the  Mexican  slave  law 
and  the  Missouri  compromise  prohibition  of  slavery  in  Kansas,  not 
to  open  the  new  territories  to  slavery,  but  to  try  therein  the  new 
and  fascinating  theories  of  non-intervention  and  popular  sovereignty ; 


300  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

and,  finally,  it  overthrew  both  these  new  and  elegant  systems  bj 
the  English  Lecompton  bill  and  the  Dred  Scott  decision,  on  the 
ground  that  the  free  states  ought  not  to  enter  the  Union  without  a 
population  equal  to  the  representative  basis  of  one  member  of  con 
gress,  although  slave  states  might  come  in  without  inspection  as  to 
their  numbers. 

Will  any  member  of  the  democratic  party  now  here  claim  that 
the  authorities  chosen  by  the  suffrages  of  the  party  transcended  their 
partisan  platforms,  and  so  misrepresented  the  party  in  the  various 
transactions,  I  have  recited?  Then  I  ask  him  to  name  one  demo 
cratic  statesman  or  legislator,  from  Van  Buren  to  Walker,  who,  either 
timidly  or  cautiously  like  them,  or  boldly  and  defiantly  like  Douglas, 
ever  refused  to  execute  a  behest  of  the  slaveholders  and  was  not 
therefor,  and  for  no  other  cause,  immediately  denounced,  and  de 
posed  from  his  trust,  and  repudiated  by  the  democratic  party  for 
that  contumacy. 

I  think,  fellow  citizens,  that  I  have  shown  you  that  it  is  high  time 
for  the  friends  of  freedom  to  rush  to  the  rescue  of  the  constitution, 
and  that  their  very  first  duty  is  to  dismiss  the  democratic  party 
from  the  administration  of  the  government. 

Why  shall  it  not  be  done  ?  All  agree  that  it  ought  to  be  done. 
What,  then,  shall  prevent  its  being  done  ?  Nothing  but  timidity 
or  division  of  the  opponents  of  the  democratic  party. 

Some  of  these  opponents  start  one  objection,  and  some  another. 
Let  us  notice  these  objections  briefly.  One  class  say  that  they  can 
not  trust  the  republican  party  ;  that  it  has  not  avowed  its  hostility  to 
slavery  boldly  enough,  or  its  affection  for  freedom  earnestly  enough. 

I  ask,  in  reply,  is  there  any  other  party  which  can  be  more  safely 
trusted  ?  Every  one  knows  that  it  is  the  republican  party,  or  none, 
that  shall  displace  the  democratic  party.  But  I  answer,  further,  that 
the  character  and  fidelity  of  any  party  are  determined,  necessarily, 
not  by  its  pledges,  programmes,  and  platforms,  but  by  the  public 
exigencies,  and  the  temper  of  the  people  when  they  call  it  into 
activity.  Subserviency  to  slavery  is  a  law  written  not  only  on  the 
forehead  of  the  democratic  party,  but  also  in  its  very  soul — so  resis 
tance  to  slavery,  and  devotion  to  freedom,  the  popular  elements  now 
actively  working  for  the  republican  party  among  the  people,  must 
and  will  be  the  resources  for  its  ever- renewing  strength  and  constant 
invigoration. 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  301 

Others  cannot  support  the  republican  party,  because  it  has  not 
sufficiently  exposed  its  platform,  and  determined  what  it  will  do, 
and  what  it  will  not  do,  when  triumphant.  It  may  prove  too  pro 
gressive  for  some,  and  too  conservative  for  others.  As  if  any  party 
ever  foresaw  so  clearly  the  course  of  future  events  as  to  plan  a 
universal  scheme  of  future  action,  adapted  to  all  possible  emergen 
cies.  Who  would  ever  have  joined  even  the  whig  party  of  the 
revolution,  if  it  had  been  obliged  to  answer,  in  1775,  whether  it 
would  declare  for  independence  in  1776,  and  for  this  noble  federal 
constitution  of  ours  in  1787,  and  not  a  year  earlier  or  later  ?  The 
people  will  be  as  wise  next  year,  and  even  ten  years  hence,  as  we 
are  now.  They  will  oblige  the  republican  party  to  act  as  the  public 
welfare  and  the  interests  of  justice  and  humanity  shall  require, 
through  all  the  stages  of  its  career,  whether  of  trial  or  triumph. 

Others  will  not  venture  an  effort,  because  they  fear  that  the  Union 
would  not  endure  the  change.  Will  such  objectors  tell  me  how 
long  a  constitution  can  bear  a  strain  directly  along  the  fibres  of 
which  it  is  composed  ?  This  is  a  constitution  of  freedom.  It  is  being 
converted  into  a  constitution  of  slavery.  It  is  a  republican  consti 
tution.  It  is  being  made  an  aristocratic  one.  Others  wish  to  wait 
until  some  collateral  questions  concerning  temperance,  or  the  exer 
cise  of  the  elective  franchise  are  properly  settled.  Let  me  ask  all 
such  persons,  whether  time  enough  has  not  been  wasted  on  these 
points  already,  without  gaining  any  other  than  this  single  advantage, 
namely,  the  discovery  that  only  one  thing  can  be  effectually  done  at 
one  time,  and  that  the  one  thing  which  must  and  will  be  done  at  any 
one  time  is  just  that  thing  which  is  most  urgent,  and  will  no  longer 
admit  of  postponement  or  delay.  Finally,  we  are  told  by  faint-hearted 
men  that  they  despond ;  the  democratic  party,  they  say  is  unconquer 
able,  and  the  dominion  of  slavery  is  consequently  inevitable.  I  reply 
that  the  complete  and  universal  dominion  of  slavery  would  be  intol 
erable  enough,  when  it  should  have  come,  after  the  last  possible  effort 
to  escape  should  have  been  made.  There  would  then  be  left  to  us 
the  consoling  reflection  of  fidelity  to  duty. 

But  I  reply  further,  that  I  know — few,  I  think,  know  better  than 
I — the  resources  and  energies  of  the  democratic  party,  which  is 
identical  with  the  slave  power.  I  do  ample  prestige  to  its  traditional 
popularity.  I  know,  further — few,  I  think,  know  better  than  I — 
the  difficulties  and  disadvantages  of  organizing  a  new  political  force, 


302  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

like  the  republican  party,  and  the  obstacles  it  must  encounter  in 
laboring  without  prestige  and  without  patronage.  But,  understand 
ing  all  this,  I  know  that  the  democratic  party  must  go  down,  and 
that  the  republican  party  must  rise  into  its  place.  The  democratic^ 
party  derived  its  strength,  originally,  from  its  adoption  of  the  prin 
ciples  of  equal  and  exact  justice  to  all  men.  So  long  as  it  practised 
this  principle  faithfully,  it  was  invulnerable.  It  became  vulnerable 
when  it  renounced  the  principle,  and  since  that  time  it  has  main 
tained  itself,  not  by  virtue  of  its  own  strength,  or  even  of  its 
traditional  merits,  but  because  there  as  yet  had  appeared  in  the 
political  field  no  other  party  that  had  the  conscience  and  the  courage 
to  take  up,  and  avow,  and  practice  the  life-inspiring  principle  which 
the  democratic  party  had  surrendered.  At  last,  the  republican  party 
has  appeared.  It  avows,  now,  as  the  republican  party  of  1800  did, 
in  one  word,  its  faith  and  its  works,  "  Equal  and  exact  justice  to  all 
men."  Even  when  it  first  entered  the  field,  only  half  organized,  it 
struck  a  blow  which  only  just  failed  to  secure  complete  and  triumph 
ant  victory.  In  this,  its  second  campaign,  it  has  already  won 
advantages  which  render  that  triumph  now  both  easy  and  certain. 

The  secret  of  its  assured  success  lies  in  that  very  characteristic 
which,  in  the  mouth  of  scoffers,  constitutes  its  great  and  lasting 
imbecility  and  reproach.  It  lies  in  the  fact  that  it  is  a  party  of  one 
idea ;  but  that  idea  is  a  noble  one — an  idea  that  fills  and  expands  all 
generous  souls ;  the  idea  of  equality — the  equality  of  all  men  be 
fore  human  tribunals  and  human  laws,  as  they  all  are  equal  before 
the  Divine  tribunal  and  Divine  laws. 

I  know,  and  you  know,  that  a  revolution  has  begun.  I  know, 
and  all  the  world  knows,  that  revolutions  never  go  backward. 
Twenty  senators  and  a  hundred  representatives  proclaim  boldly  in 
congress  to-day  sentiments  and  opinions  and  principles  of  freedom 
which  hardly  so  many  men,  even  in  this  free  state,  dared  to  utter  in 
their  own  homes  twenty  years  ago.  While  the  government  of  the 
United  States,  under  the  conduct  of  the  democratic  party,  has  been 
all  that  time  surrendering  one  plain  and  castle  after  another  to 
slavery,  the  people  of  the  United  States  have  been  no  less  steadily 
and  perseveringly  gathering  together  the  forces  with  which  to 
recover  back  again  all  the  fields  and  all  the  castles  which  have  been 
lost,  and  to  confound  and  overthrow,  by  one  decisive  blow,  the 
betrayers  of  the  constitution  and  freedom  forever. 


THE  NATIONAL  DIYEBGBNOE  AND  BETURN.1 

DETROIT,  SEPTEMBER  4,  1860. 

WE  claim  that  our  political  system  is  a  judicious  one,  and  that  we 
are  an  intelligent  and  virtuous  people.  The  government  ought, 
therefore,  not  only  to  secure  respect  and  good  will  abroad,  but  also 
to  produce  good  order,  contentment  and  harmony  at  home.  It  fails 
to  attain  these  ends.  The  Canadians  certainly  neither  envy  nor  love 
•us.  All  the  independent  American  powers,  from  the  Eio  Grande  to 
Cape  Horn,  while  they  strive  to  construct  governments  for  them 
selves  after  our  models,  fear,  and  many  of  them  hate  us.  European 
nations  do  indeed  revere  our  constitutions  and  admire  our  progress, 
but  they  generally  agree  in  pronouncing  us  inconsistent  with  our 
organic  principle,  and  capricious.  The  president  inveighs  against 
corruption  among  the  people.  The  immediate  representatives  of 
the  people  in  congress  charge  the  president  with  immoral  practices, 
and  the  president  protests  against  their  action  as  subversive  of  the 
executive  prerogative.  The  house  of  representatives  organizes  itself 
convulsively  amid  confessed  dangers  of  popular  commotion.  The 
senate  listens  unsurprised,  and  almost  without  excitement,  to  menaces 
of  violence,  secession  and  disunion.  Frauds  and  violence  in  the  terri 
tories  are  palliated  and  rewarded.  Exposure  and  resistance  to  them 
are  condemned  and  punished,  while  the  just,  enlightened  and  reason 
able  will  of  the  people  there,  though  constitutionally  expressed,  is 
circumvented,  disobeyed  and  disregarded.  States  watch  anxiously 
for  unlawful  intrusion  and  invasion  by  citizens  of  other  states,  while 
the  federal  courts  fail  to  suppress  piracies  on  the  high  seas,  and  even 
on  our  own  coasts.  The  government  of  the  Union  courts  and  sub 
mits  to  state  espionage  of  the  federal  mails,  while  the  states  scarcely 
attempt  to  protect  the  personal  rights  of  citizens  of  other  states, 

I  This  speech  and  the  six  following,  were  made  by  Mr.  Seward  during  his  tour  through  Michi 
gan,  Wisconsin,  Minnesota  and  Kansas,  and  came  to  be  known  as  his  "western  speeches." 
See  Memoir,  ante,  page  84. 


304  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

peacefully  pursuing  harmless  occupations  within  their  fraternal  juris 
dictions. 

Are  the  people  satisfied  and  content  ?  Let  their  several  parties 
and  masses  answer.  Certainly  you,  the  republicans  of  Michigan,  as 
well  as  the  republicans  throughout  the  whole  country,  are  not  satis 
fied.  But  you  are  interested  in  a  change  of  administration,  and 
therefore  perhaps  prejudiced.  Ask,  then,  the  constitutional  Union 
men,  few  and  inefficient  indeed  here,  but  numerous  and  energetic 
elsewhere.  They  are  not  satisfied.  If  they  were  they  would  not  be 
engaged,  as  they  are  now,  in  a  hopeless  attempt  to  organize  a  new 
party  without  any  principles  at  all,  after  their  recent  failures  to  com 
bine  such  a  party  on  obnoxious  principles.  But  they  also  are  inte 
rested  and  possibly  prejudiced  like  the  republicans.  Appeal,  then, 
to  the  democratic  party,  which  enjoys  and  wields  the  patronage  and 
power  of  the  federal  government.  Even  the  democrats  are  no  less 
dissatisfied.  They  certainly  are  dissatisfied  with  the  republicans, 
with  the  national  Union  men,  with  their  own  administration,  with 
each  other,  and  as  I  think  even  individually,  with  themselves.  The 
north  is  not  satisfied.  Its  masses  want  a  suppression  of  the  African 
slave  trade,  and  an  effectual  exclusion  of  slavery  from  the  territories, 
so  that  all  the  new  and  future  states  may  surely  be  free  states.  The 
south  is  not  satisfied.  Its  masses,  by  whatever  means  and  at  what 
ever  cost,  desire  the  establishment  and  protection  of  slavery  in  the 
territories,  so  that  none  of  the  new  states  may  fail  to  become  slave 
states.  The  east  is  discontented  with  the  neglect  of  its  fishery,  manu 
facture  and  navigation,  and  the  west  is  impatient  under  the  operation 
of  a  national  policy,  hostile  to  its  agricultural,  mining  and  social 
developments.  What  government  in  the  world  but  ours  has  per 
sistently  refused  to  improve  rivers,  construct  harbors  and  establish 
light  houses  for  the  protection  of  its  commerce  ?  New  and  anoma 
lous  combinations  of  citizens  appear  in  the  north,  justifying  armed 
instigators  of  civil  and  servile  war,  in  the  south  devising  means  for  the 
disruption  and  dismemberment  of  the  Union.  It  is  manifest  that  we 
are  suffering  in  the  respect  and  confidence  of  foreign  states,  and  that 
disorder  and  confusion  are  more  flagrant  among  ourselves  now  than 
ever  before. 

I  do  not  intend  to  be  understood  that  these  evils  are  thus  far  pro 
ductive  of  material  suffering  or  intolerable  embarrassment,  much  less 
that  the  country  is,  as  so  many  extravagant  persons  say,  on  the  high 


THE  NATIONAL  DIVEKGENCE.  305 

road  to  civil  war  or  dissolution.  On  the  contrary,  this  fair  land  we 
live  in  is  so  blessed  with  all  the  elements  of  human  comfort  and 
happiness,  and  its  citizens  are  at  once  so  loyal  and  wise,  and  so  well 
surrounded  by  yet  unbroken  guaranties  of  civil  and  religious  liberty, 
that  our  experience  of  misrule  at  the  very  worst,  never  becomes  so 
painful  as  to  raise  the  question,  how  much  more  of  public  misery  we 
can  endure  ;  but  it  leaves  us  at  liberty  to  stop  now,  as  always  here 
tofore,  with  the  inquiry,  how  much  more  of  freedom,  prosperity  and 
honor  we  can  secure  by  the  practice  of  greater  wisdom  and  higher 
virtue?  Discontentment  is  the  wholesome  fruit  of  a  discovery  of 
maladministration,  and  conviction  of  public  error  is  here  at  least 
always  a  sure  harbinger  of  political  reform. 

Martin  Van  Buren,  they  say,  is  writing  a  review  of  his  own  lifer 
and  our  time,  for  posthumous  uses.  If  it  is  not  disrespectful,  I 
should  like  to  know  now  the  conclusions  he  draws  from  the  national 
events  he  has  seen,  and  of  which  he  has  been  an  important  part ;  for 
he  is  a  shrewd  observer,  with  advantages  of  large  and  long  experi 
ence.  To  me  it  seems  that  the  last  forty  years  have  constituted  a 
period  of  signal  and  lamentable  failure  in  the  efforts  of  statesmen  to 
adjust  and  establish  a  federal  policy  for  the  regulation  of  the  subject 
of  slavery  in  its  relations  to  the  Union.  '  In  this  view  I  regard  it  as 
belonging  to  the  office  of  a  statesman  not  merely  to  favor  an  imme 
diate  and  temporary  increase  of  national  wealth,  and  an  enlargement 
of  national  territory,  but  also  to  fortify,  so  far  as  the  prescribed  con 
stitutional  limits  of  his  action  may  allow,  the  influences  of  knowledge 
and  humanity ;  to  abate  popular  prejudices  and  passions,  by  modify 
ing  or  removing  their  causes ;  to  ascertain  and  disclose  the  operation 
of  general  laws,  and  to  study  and  reveal  the  social  tendencies  of  the 
age,  and  by  combining  the  past  with  the  present,  while  giving  free 
play  all  the  time  to  the  reciprocating  action  of  the  many  coexisting 
moral  forces,  to  develop  that  harmonious  system  which  actually  pre 
vails  in  the  apparent  chaos  of  human  affairs ;  and  so  to  gain  some 
thing  in  the  way  of  assurance  as  to  the  complexion  of  that  futurity 
toward  which,  since  our  country  is  destined  to  endure,  and  insomuch 
as  we  desire  that  it  may  be  immortal,  our  thoughts  are  so  vehemently 
driven  even  by  the  selfish  as  well  as  by  the  generous  principles  of  our 
nature. 

I  have  understood  that  John  Quincy  Adams,  the  purest  and  wisest 
statesman  I  ever  knew,  died  despairing  of  a  peaceful  solution  of  the 

VOL.  IV.  39 


306  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

problem  of  slavery,  on  which  he  was  so  intently  engaged  throughout 
his  public  service.  If  we  may  judge  from  the  absolute  failures  of 
Mr.  Yan  Buren,  Mr.  Polk,  Mr.  Pierce  and  Mr.  Buchanan,  in  the 
respect  I  have  mentioned,  and  if  we  take  into  consideration  also  the 
systems  which  Mr.  Calhoun,  Mr.  Benton,  Mr.  Clay  and  Mr.  Webster 
severally  recommended,  and  which  have  subsequently  failed  to  be 
adopted,  we  may  perhaps  conclude  that  the  difficulties  of  establishing 
a  satisfactory  and  soothing  policy,  have  overtasked  even  our  wisest 
and  most  eminent  statesmen.  They  certainly  have  been  neither 
incapable  nor  selfish  men.  No  age  or  country  has  been  illustrated 
by  public  characters  of  greater  genius,  wisdom  and  virtue. 

It  is  easy  to  see,  fellow  citizens,  that  the  failure  has  resulted,  not 
from  the  faults  of  our  statesmen,  but  from  the  peculiar  constitutions 
and  characters  of  political  parties,  on  which  they  relied  for  power. 
Solid,  enduring  and  constant  parties,  inspired  by  love  of  country, 
reverence  for  virtue  and  devotion  to  human  liberty,  bold  in  their 
conceptions  of  measures,  moderate  in  success,  and  resolute  through 
out  reverses,  are  essential  to  effective  and  beneficent  administration 
in  every  free  state.  Unanimity,  even  in  a  wise,  just  and  necessary 
policy,  can  never  be  expected  in  any  country  all  at  once,  and  without 
thorough  debate  and  earnest  conflicts  of  opinion.  All  public  move 
ments  are  therefore  undertaken  and  prosecuted  through  the  agencies, 
not  of  individuals,  but  of  parties,  regulated,  excited  and  moderated, 
as  occasion  may  require,  by  their  representatives.  He  who  proposes 
means  so  impracticable  that  he  can  win  no  party  to  their  support, 
may  be  a  philanthropist,  but  he  cannot  be  a  statesman ;  and  even 
when  the  leader  in  administration  is  thus  sustained,  he  is,  although 
never  so  earnest  or  wise,  everywhere  and  at  all  times  inefficient  and 
imbecile,  just  in  the  degree  that  the  party  on  which  he  depends  is 
inconstant,  vacillating,  timid  or  capricious.  What  has  become  of 
the  several  political  parties  which  have  flourished  within  your  time 
and  mine?  That  dashing,  unterrified,  defiant  party,  whose  irresisti 
ble  legions  carried  the  honest  and  intrepid  hero  of  New  Orleans  on 
their  shields,  through  so  many  civil  encounters — that  generous, 
though  not  unprejudiced  whig  party,  which,  apprehensive  of  per 
petual  danger  from  too  radical  policies  of  administration,  so  often 
with  unabated  chivalry  and  enthusiasm,  magically  recombined  its 
bruised  and  scattered  columns,  even  when  a  capricious  fortune  had 
turned  its  rare  and  hard  won  triumphs  into  defeats  more  disastrous 


THE   NATIONAL   DIVERGENCE.  307 

than  the  field  fights  which  it  had  lost — the  recent  American  party, 
that  sprang  at  one  bound  from  ten  thousand  dark  chambers,  and 
which  seemed  only  yesterday  at  the  very  point  of  carrying  the 
government  by  a  coup  de  main.  All  these  parties,  that  for  brief 
periods  seemed  so  strong  and  so  unchanging,  have  perished,  leaving 
no  deep  impression  on  the  history  of  the  country  they  aimed  to  direct 
and  rule  forever.  The  democratic  party,  too,  that  has  clothed  itself 
so  complacently  with  the  pleasant  traditions  of  all  preceding  parties, 
and  combined  so  felicitously  the  most  popular  of  our  rational  sym 
pathies  with  the  most  inveterate  and  repulsive  of  our  conservative 
interests,  that  has  won  the  south  so  dexterously,  by  stimulating  its 
maddest  ambition,  and  yet  has  held  the  north  so  tenaciously  and  so 
long,  by  awakening  its  wildest  and  most  demoralizing  fears.  What 
is  its  condition  ?  It  is  distinguished  in  fortune  from  its  extinguished 
rivals  only  by  the  circumstance  that  both  portions  of  its  crew, 
divided  as  the  hulk  breaks  into  two  not  unequal  parts,  retain  suffi 
cient  energy  in  their  despair  to  seize  on  the  drifting  wrecks 
of  other  parties,  and  by  a  cunning  though  hopeless  carpentry, 
to  frame  wretched  and  rickety  rafts  on  which  to  sustain  them 
selves  for  one  dark  night  more  on  the  tempestuous  sea  of  national 
politics.  All  these  parties,  it  is  now  manifest,  were  organized, 
not  specially  to  establish  justice  and  maintain  freedom  and  equality 
among  an  honest,  jealous  and  liberty-loving  people,  but  to  achieve 
some  material  public  advantage  of  temporary  importance,  or  to  secure 
the  advancement  of  some  chief  to  whose  discretion,  as  if  the  govern 
ment  were  an  elective  despotism  instead  of  a  republic,  the  distribu 
tion  of  its  patronage  and  the  direction  of  its  affairs  should  be 
implicitly  confided.  They  did,  indeed,  out  of  respect  or  fear  of 
generous  reforms,  often  affect  to  express  elevated  principles  and 
generous  sentiments  in  their  carefully  elaborated  creeds,  but  these 
creeds,  nevertheless,  even  when  not  ambiguously  expressed,  were 
from  time  to  time  revised  and  qualified  and  modified,  so  that  at  last 
the  interpreters,  who  alone  had  them  by  heart,  and  were  able  to 
repeat  them,  were  found  perverting  the  constitution  in  its  most  une 
quivocal  parts,  and  most  palpable  meaning,  disparaging  and  rejecting 
the  Declaration  of  Independence,  and  stultifying  the  founders  of  the 
republic.  The  parties  thus  constituted,  dependent  not  on  any 
national  or  even  on  any  natural  sentiment,  but  on  mere  discipline 
for  their  cohesion,  and  coming  at  last  through  constant  demoraliza- 


308  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

tion,  to  assume  that  capital  and  not  labor,  property  and  not  liberty, 
is  the  great  interest  of  every  people,  and  that  religion,  conversant 
only  with  the  relations  of  men  to  an  unseen  and  future  world,  must 
be  abjured  in  their  conduct  toward  each  other  on  earth,  have  finally 
discarded  justice  and  humanity  from  their  systems,  broken  up  nearly 
all  the  existing  combinations  for  spiritual  ends,  and  attempted  to 
conduct  affairs  of  government  on  principles  equally  in  violation  of 
the  constitution  and  of  the  eternal  laws  of  God's  providence  for  the 
regulation  of  the  universe. 

These  views  of  the  characters  of  our  modern  parties,  are  by  no 
means  newly  conceived  on  my  part.  In  that  high  and  intensely 
exciting  debate  in  congress  in  the  year  1850,  which,  overruling  the 
administration  of  General  Taylor,  brought  the  two  then  dominating 
parties  into  a  compromise  at  the  time  solemnly  pronounced  finalr 
irrevocable  and  eternal,  but  which  was  nevertheless  scattered  to  the 
winds  of  Heaven  only  four  years  afterward,  the  great  statesman  of 
Kentucky  denounced  party  spirit  as  he  assumed  it  to  be  raging 
throughout  the  country,  as  pregnant  with  the  imminent  and  intole 
rable  disasters  of  civil  war  and  national  dissolution.  I  ventured 
then  to  reply  that,  in  my  humble  judgment,  it  was  not  a  conflict  of 
parties  that  we  then  were  seeing  and  hearing,  but  it  was,  on  the  con 
trary,  the  agony  of  distracted  parties,  a  convulsion  resulting  from 
the  too  narrow  foundations  of  both  of  the  great  parties  and  of  all  the 
parties  of  the  day,  foundations  that  had  been  laid  in  compromises  of 
natural  justice  and  human  rights — that  a  new  and  great  question — 
a  moral  question  transcending  the  too  narrow  creeds  of  existing  par 
ties  had  arisen — that  the  public  conscience  was '  expanding  with  itr 
and  the  green  withes  of  party  combinations  were  giving  way  and 
breaking  under  the  pressure — that  it  was  not  the  Union  that  was 
decaying  and  dying,  as  was  supposed,  of  the  fever  of  party  spirit, 
but  that  the  two  great  parties  were  smitten  with  paralysis,  fatal  indeed 
to  them  unless  they  should  consent  to  be  immediately  renewed  and 
reorganized,  borrowing  needful  elements  of  health  and  vigor  from  a 
cordial  embrace  with  the  humane  spirit  of  the  age. 

But  to  exempt  our  statesmen  by  casting  blame  on  our  political 
parties,  does  not  reach,  but  only  approximates  the  real  source  of 
responsibility.  All  of  these  parties  have  been  composed  of  citizens, 
not  a  few  but  many  citizens,  in  the  aggregate  all  the  citizens  of  the 
republic.  They  were  not  ignorant,  willful  or  dishonest  citizens,  but 


THE   NATIONAL   DIVERGENCE.  309 

sincere,  faithful  and  useful  members  of  the  state.  The  parties  of  our 
country,  what  are  they  at  any  time,  but  ourselves,  the  people  of  our 
country  ?  Thus  the  faults  of  past  administration,  and  of  course  the 
responsibility  for  existing  evils,  are  brought  directly  home  to  your 
selves  and  myself — to  the  whole  people.  This  is  no  hard  saying. 
The  wisest,  justest  and  most  virtuous  of  men  occasionally  errs  and 
has  need  daily  to  implore  the  Divine  goodness,  that  he  be  not  led 
further  into  temptation;  and  just  so  the  wisest,  justest  and  most 
virtuous  of  nations  often  unconsciously  lose  and  depart  from  their 
ancient,  approved  and  safer  ways.  Is  there  any  society,  even  of 
Christians,  that  has  never  had  occasion  to  reform  its  practice,  retrace 
its  too  careless  steps  and  discard  heresies  that  have  corrupted  its 
accepted  faith?  What  was  the  English  revolution  of  1688,  but  a 
return  from  the  dark  and  dangerous  road  of  absolutism  ?  What  the 
French  revolution,  but  a  mighty  convulsion,  that  while  it  carried  a 
brave,  enlightened  and  liberty-loving  nation  backward  on  their  pro 
gress  of  three  hundred  years,  owed  all  its  horrors  to  the  delay  which 
had  so  long  postponed  the  needed  reaction ! 

A  national  departure  always  happens  when  a  great  emergency 
occurs  unobserved  and  unfelt,  bringing  the  necessity  for  the  attain 
ment  of  some  new  and  important  object,  which  can  only  be  secured 
through  the  inspiration  of  some  new  but  great  and  generous  national 
sentiment. 

Let  us  see  if  we  can  ascertain,  in  the  present  case,  when  our  depart 
ure  from  the  right  and  safe  way  occurred.  Certainly  it  was  not  in 
the  revolutionary  age.  The  nation  then  experienced  and  felt  a  stern 
necessity,  perceived  and  resolutely  aimed  at  a  transcendently  sublime 
object,  and  accepted  cheerfully  the  awakening  influences  of  an 
intensely  moving  and  generous  principle.  The  necessity  was  deli 
verance  from  British  oppression ;  the  object,  independence ;  the 
principle,  the  inalienable  rights  of  man.  The  revolution  was  a  suc 
cess,  because  the  country  had  in  Adams  and  Jefferson  and  Washing 
ton  and  their  associates  the  leaders,  and  in  the  whigs  the  party, 
needful  for  this  crisis,  and  these  were  sustained  by  the  people. 

Our  departure  was  not  at  the  juncture  of  the  establishment  of  the 
constitution.  The  country  then  had  and  owned  a  new  and  over 
powering  necessity,  perceived  and  demanded  a  new  object,  and 
.adopted  a  new  and  most  animating  principle.  The  necessity,  the 
escape  from  anarchy ;  the  object,  federal  Union  ;  the  principle,  fra- 


310  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

ternity  of  the  American  people.  The  constitution,  with  the  ordi 
nance  of  1787,  practically  a  part  of  it,  was  not  a  failure,  because 
Hamilton  and  Jay  and  Madison  and  King  were  competent,  and  the 
federal  party  was  constant,  and  the  people  gave  it  a  confiding  and 
generous  support. 

It  was  not  in  1800,  that  the  national  deviation  took  place.  Then 
were  disclosed  a  new  public  necessity,  new  object,  and  new  principle. 
A  separation  and  removal  of  aristocratic  checks  and  interests  from 
the  mechanism  of  our  republican  institutions.  The  needed  reform 
did  not  fail,  because  Jefferson  and  George  Clinton,  with  their  associ 
ates,  braved  all  resistance,  the  republican  party  defended,  and  the 
people  sustained  them. 

Again,  the  departure  did  not  occur  in  1812.  Then  was  discovered 
a  further  necessity,  bringing  into  view  a  further  object  and  introducing 
yet  another  new  and  noble  principle  of  action.  The  necessity,  a 
vindication  of  national  rights;  the  object,  freedom  of  intercourse 
with  mankind ;  the  principle,  the  defense  of  our  homes  and  our 
honor.  The  war  of  1812  was  a  success,  because  Clay,  Calhoun  and 
Tompkins  did  not  shrink  from  the  trial ;  the  republican  party  ap 
proved  and  the  people  sustained  them. 

In  1820,  however,  the  nation  had  unconsciously  reached  and 
entered  a  new  stage  in  its  successful  career,  namely,  that  of  expan 
sion.  )  By  purchases  from  France  and  Spain  it  had  extended  its  bor 
ders  from  the  St.  Mary's  southward  around  the  peninsula  of  Florida, 
and  from  the  Mississippi  to  the  Eocky  mountains,  an  expansion  to 
be  afterwards  indefinitely  continued.  We  all  know  the  advantages 
of  expansion.  They  are  augmented  wealth  and  population.  But 
we  all  know  equally  well,  if  we  will  only  reflect,  that  no  new  advan 
tage  is  ever  gained  in  national  more  than  in  individual  life  without 
exposure  to  some  new  danger.  What  then  is  the  danger  which 
attends  expansion  ?  It  is  nothing  less  and  can  be  nothing  less  than 
an  increase  of  the  strain  upon  the  bonds  of  the  Union.  The  time  had 
come  to  organize  government  finally  in  the  newly  acquired  ter 
ritory  of  Louisiana,  on  principles  that  should  be  applied  thereafter 
in  all  cases  of  further  expansion.  This  necessity  brought  into  glar 
ing  light  a  new  object,  namely,  since  the  only  existing  cause  of 
mutual  alienation  among  the  states  was  slavery,  which  was  already 
carefully  circumscribed  by  the  ordinance  of  1787,  that  anomalous- 
institution  must  now  be  further  circumscribed  by  extending  the  ordi- 


THE  NATIONAL  DIVERGENCE.  311 

nance  to  cover  the  new  states  to  be  established  in  the  Louisiania 
purchase.  To  this  end  a  new  and  humane  impulse  naturally  moved 
the  country,  namely,  the  freedom  of  human  labor. 

But  although  statesmen  qualified  for  the  crisis  appeared,  no  party 
stood  forth  to  support  them  with  constancy,  and  the  country,  after  a 
temporary  glow  of  free  soil  excitement,  subsided  into  cold  indiffer 
ence — and  so  a  compromise  was  made  which  divided  the  newly 
acquired  domain  between  free  labor  and  capital  in  slaves,  between 
freedom  and  slavery,  a  memorable  compromise,  which,  after  a  trial 
of  only  thirty -four  years,  proved  to  be  effective  only  in  its  conces 
sions  to  slavery,  while  its  greater  guaranties  of  freedom  were  found 
unavailing  and  worthless.  History  says  that  the  compromise  of  1820 
was  necessary  to  save  the  Union  from  disruption.  I  do  not  dispute 
history,  nor  debate  the  settled  moral  questions  of  the  past.  I  only 
lament  that  it  was  necessary,  if  indeed  it  was  so.  History  tells  us 
that  the  course  then  adopted  was  wise.  I  do  not  controvert  it.  I  only 
mourn  the  occurrence  of  even  one  case  most  certainly  the  only  one 
that  ever  did  happen,  in  which  the  way  of  wisdom  has  failed  to  be 
also  the  way  of  pleasantness,  and  the  path  of  pear".  It  was  in  1820, 
therefore,  that  the  national  deviation  began.  We  have  continued 
ever  since  the  divergent  course  then  so  inconsiderately  entered,  until 
at  last  we  have  reached  a  point,  where,  amid  confusion,  bewilderment 
and  mutual  recriminations,  it  seems  alike  impossible  to  go  forward  or 
to  return.  We  have  added  territory  after  territory,  and  region  after 
region  with  the  customary  boldness  of  feebly  resisted  conquerors, 
not  merely  neglecting  to  keep  slavery  out  of  our  new  possessions, 
but  actually  removing  all  the  barriers  against  it  which  we  found 
standing  at  the  times  of  conquest.  In  doing  this  we  have  defied  the 
moral  opinions  of  mankind,  overturned  the  laws  and  systems  of  our 
fathers,  and  dishonored  their  memories  by  declaring  that  the  un- 
equaled  and  glorious  constitution  which  they  gave  us,  carries  with  it, 
as  it  attends  our  eagles,  not  freedom  and  personal  rights  to  the 
oppressed,  but  slavery  and  a  hateful  and  baleful  commerce  in  slaves, 
wherever  we  win  a  conquest  by  sea  or  land  over  the  whole  habitable 
globe. 

While  we  must  now,  in  deference  to  history,  excuse  the  first  diver 
gence,  it  is  manifest  that  our  subsequent  persistence  in  the  same 
course  has  been  entirely  unnecessary  and  unjustifiable.  New  Brians 
wick,  Nova  Scotia  and  Canada,  what  remains  of  Mexico,  all  of  the 


312  POLITICAL  SPEECHES 

West  Indies  and  Central  America,  are  doubtless  very  desirable,  but 
we  have  patiently  waited  for  them,  and  are  now  likely  to  wait  until 
they  can  be  acquired  without  receiving  slavery  with  them,  or  ex 
tending  it  over  them.  Nay,  all  the  resistance  we  have  ever  met  in 
adding  Spanish  American  territories  to  our  republic,  has  resulted 
from  our  willful  and  perverse  purpose  of  subverting  freedom  there, 
to  blight  the  fairest  portion  of  the  earth,  when  we  found  it  free,  by 
extending  over  it  our  only  national  agency  of  desolation.  We  may 
doubtless  persist  still  further.  We  may  add  conquest  to  conquest, 
for  resistance  to  our  ambition  daily  grows  more  and  more  impossible, 
until  we  surpass  in  extent  and  apparent  strength  the  greatest  empires 
of  ancient  or  modern  times,  all  the  while  enlarging  the  area  of 
African  bondage ;  but  after  our  already  ample  experience,  I  think 
no  one  will  be  bold  enough  to  deny  that  we  equally  increase  the 
evils  of  discontent  and  the  dangers  of  domestic  faction. 

While  I  lament  the  national  divergence  I  have  thus  described,  I 
do  not  confess  it  to  be  altogether  inexcusable.  Much  less  do  I  blame 
any  one  or  more  of  our  politicians  or  parties,  while  exempting  others. 
All  are,  in  different  degrees  perhaps,  responsible  alike,  and  all  have 
abundant,  if  not  altogether  adequate  excuses.  Deviations  once  be 
gun,  without  realizing  the  immediate  presence  of  danger,  it  was 
easier  to  continue  on  than  to  return.  The  country  has  all  the  time 
been  growing  richer  and  more  prosperous  and  populous.  It  was  not 
unnatural  that  we  should  disregard  warnings  of  what  we  were  as 
sured  by  high  though  interested  authorities,  always  were  distant, 
improbable  and  even  visionary  dangers.  It  cannot  be  denied  that 
the  African  races  among  us  are  abject,  although  their  condition,  and 
even  their  presence  here,  are  due  not  to  their  will  or  fault,  but  to  our 
own,  and  that  they  have  a  direct  interest  in  the  question  of  slavery. 
How  natural  has  it  been  to  assume  that  the  motive  of  those  who 
have  protested  against  the  extension  of  slavey,  was  an  unnatural 
sympathy  with  the  negro  instead  of  what  it  always  has  really  been, 
concern  for  the  welfare  of  the  white  man.  There  are  few,  indeed, 
who  ever  realize  that  the  whole  human  race  suffers  somewhat  in  the 
afflictions  and  calamities  which  befall  the  humblest  and  most  despised 
of  its  members. 

The  argument,  though  demanding  the  most  dispassionate  calmness 
and  kindness,  has  too  often  been  conducted  with  anger  and  broken 
out  into  violence. 


THE   NATIONAL   DIVERGENCE.  313 

Moreover,  alarms  of  disunion  were  sounded,  and  strange  political 
inventions  like  the  floating  fire  ships  sent  down  the  St.  Lawrence, 
by  the  besieged  in  Quebec,  to  terrify  the  army  of  Wolfe  on  the  island 
of  St.  Louis,  appeared  suddenly  before  us  whenever  we  proposed  to 
consider  in  good  earnest  the  subject  of  federal  slavery. 

We  love,  and  we  ought  to  love  the  fellowship  of  our  slaveholding 
brethren.  How  natural,  therefore,  has  it  been  to  make  the  conces 
sions  so  necessary  to  silence  their  complaints,  rather  than  by  seeming 
impracticability  in  what  was  thought  a  matter  of  indifference,  to  lose 
such  congenial  a  companionship.  Again,  at  least,  present  peace  and 
safety,  together  with  some  partial  guaranties  and  concessions  of  free 
dom,  were  from  time  to  time  obtained  by  compromises.  Who  had 
the  right,  or  who  the  presumption  to  say,  with  the  certainty  of 
being  held  responsible  for  casting  imputations  of  bad  faith  upon  our 
southern  brethren,  that  these  compromises  would,  when  their  inte 
rests  should  demand  it,  be  disavowed  and  broken  ? 

Other  nations,  we  have  assumed,  are  jealous  of  our  growing  great 
ness.  They  have  censured  us,  perhaps  with  unjust  asperity,  for  our 
apostacy  in  favor  of  slavery.  How  natural  and  even  patriotic  has  it 
been  on  our  part  to,  manifest  by  persistence  our  contempt  and  defiance 
of  such  interested  and  hostile  animadversions.  Besides,  though 
slavery  is  indeed  now  practically  a  local  and  peculiar  institution  of 
the  south,  it  was  not  long  ago  the  habit  and  practice  of  the  whole 
American  people.  It  is  only  twenty-five  years  since  our  British 
brethren  abolished  slavery  in  their  colonies,  and  only  half  a  century 
since  we  or  any  European  nation  interdicted  the  African  slave 
trade.  Scarcely  three  generations  have  passed  away  since  the  sub 
ject  of  the  wrongfulness  of  slavery  first  engaged  the  consideration  of 
mankind. 

You  and  I  indeed  understand  now  very  well  how  it  is  that  slavery 
in  the  territories  of  the  United  States  is  left  open  by  the  constitution 
to  our  utmost  peaceful  opposition,  while  within  the  slave  states  it  is 
entrenched  behind  local  constitutions  beyond  the  reach  of  external 
legislation.  But  the  subject  is  a  complex  one,  and  the  great  masses 
of  the  people  to  whom  it  has  only  been  recently  presented,  and 
doubtlessly  often  presented,  under  unfavorable  circumstances,  might 
well  desire  time  for  its  careful  and  deliberate  examination. 

It  seems  a  bold  suggestion  to  say,  that  a  great  nation  ought  to 
reconsider  a  practice  of  forty  years'  duration ;  but  forty  years  of  a 

VOL.  IV.  40 


314  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

nation's  life  are  equivalent  to  only  one  year  of  the  life  of  an  indivi 
dual.  The  thought  is  at  least  consistent  with  political  philosophy,  for 
it  is  not  more  true  that  personal  persistence  in  error  leads  inevitably 
to  ruin,  than  it  is  that  every  nation  exists  by  obedience  to  the  same 
moral  laws  which  direct  individual  life,  that  they  are  written  in  its 
original  constitution,  and  it  must  continually  reform  itself  according 
to  the  spirit  of  those  laws  or  perish.  - 

My  humble  advice,  then,  fellow  citizens,  is,  that  we  return  and 
reestablish  the  original  policy  of  the  nation,  and  henceforth  hold,  as 
we  did  in  the  beginning,  that  slavery  is  and  must  be  only  a  purely 
local,  temporary  and  exceptional  institution,  confined  within  the 
slave  states  where  it  already  exists,  while  freedom  is  the  general, 
normal,  enduring  and  permanent  condition  of  society  within  the 
jurisdiction,  and  under  the  authority  of  the  constitution  of  the 
United  States. 

I  counsel  thus  for  a  simple  reason  incapable  of  illumination. 
Slavery,  however  it  may  be  at  any  time  or  in  any  place  excused,  is 
at  all  times  and  everywhere  unjust  and  inhuman  in  its  very  nature; 
while  freedom,  however  it  may  be  at  any  time  or  in  any  place 
neglected,  denied  or  abused,  is  in  its  nature  right,  just  and  benefi 
cent.  It  can  never,  under  any  circumstances,  be  wise  to  persevere, 
voluntarily,  in  extending  or  fortifying  an  institution  that  is  intrinsi 
cally  wrong  or  cruel.  It  can  never  be  unwise,  wherever  it  is  possi 
ble,  to  defend  and  fortify  an  existing  institution  that  is  founded  on 
the  rights  of  human  nature.  Insomuch  as  opinions  are  so  mate 
rially,  and  yet  so  unconsciously,  affected  and  modified  by  time,  place 
and  circumstances,  we  may  hold  these  great  truths  firmly,  without 
impeaching  the  convictions  or  the  motives  of  those  who  deny  them 
in  argument  or  in  practice. 

I  counsel  thus  for  another  reason  quite  as  simple  as  the  first. 
Knowledge,  emulation  and  independence  among  the  members  of  a 
social  state  are  the  chief  elements  of  national  wealth,  strength  and 
power.  Ignorance,  indolence  and  bondage  of  individuals  are  always 
sources  of  national  imbecility  and  decline.  All  nations  in  their  turns 
have  practised  slavery.  Most  of  them  have  abolished  it.  The  world 
over,  the  wealthiest  and  most  powerful  nations  have  been  those  which 
tolerated  it  least,  and  which  earliest  and  most  completely  abolished 
it.  Virginia  and  Texas  are  thrown  into  a  panic  even  now  by  the 
appearance  or  even  the  suspicion  of  a  handful  of  men  within  their 


THE  NATIONAL  DIVERGENCE.  315 

borders  instigating  civil  war.  Massachusetts  and  Yermont  defied 
British  invasion  backed  by  treason,  eighty  years  ago. 

Thirdly.  There  is  no  necessity  now  to  fortify  or  extend  slavery 
within  the  United  States  or  on  the  American  continent.  All  the 
supposed  necessities  of  that  sort  ever  before  known,  have  passed 
away  forever.  Let  us  briefly  review  them.  With  the  discovery  and 
conquest  of  America  confessedly  came  a  responsibility  to  reclaim  it 
from  nature  and  to  introduce  civilization.  Unfortunately  Spain  and 
Portugal,  the  discoverers  and  conquerors,  were,  of  all  the  European 
states  in  the  sixteenth  century,  the  worst  qualified  and  least  able  to 
colonize.  They  were  neither  populous,  nor  industrious,  nor  free ; 
but  were  nations  of  princes  and  subjects ;  of  soldiers,  navigators, 
nobles,  priests,  poets  and  scholars,  wilhout  merchants,  mechanics, 
farmers  or  laborers.  The  art  of  navigation  was  imperfect ;  its  prac 
tice  dangerous,  and  the  new  world  that  the  pope  had  divided  between 
his  two  most  loyal  crown- wearing  children  was  in  its  natural  state 
pestilential.  •  European  emigration  was  therefore  impracticable.  In 
the  emergency  the  conquerors,  with  ruffian  violence,  swept  off  at 
once  the  gold  and  silver  ornaments  which  they  found  in  the  temples 
and  on  the  persons  of  the  natives,  ignorant  of  their  European  values, 
and  subjugated  and  enslaved  the  natives  themselves.  But  these 
simple  children  of  the  forest,  like  the  wild  flowers  when  the  hurri 
cane  sweeps  over  the  prairies,  perished  under  cruelties  so  contrary 
to  nature. 

The  African  trade,  in  prisoners  of  war  spared  from  slaughter, 
afforded  an  alternative.  The  chiefs  sold  ten  men,  women  or  children 
for  a  single  horse.  The  conquerors  of  America  brought  this  unna 
tural  merchandise  to  our  coasts.  When  the  English  colonists  of 
North  America,  happily  in  only  a  very  limited  degree,  borrowed 
from  their  predecessors  this  bad  practice  of  slavery,  they  borrowed 
also  the  wretched  apology,  a  want  of  an  adequate  supply  of  free 
labor.  It  was  then  thought  an  exercise  of  Christian  benevolence  to 
rescue  the  African  heathen  from  eternal  suffering  in  a  future  state, 
arid  through  the  painful  path  of  earthly  bondage  to  open  to  him  the 
gates  of  the  celestial  paradise.  But  all  this  is  now  changed.  We 
are  at  last  no  feeble  or  sickly  colonies,  but  a  great,  populous,  homo 
geneous  nation,  unsurpassed  and  unequaled  in  all  the  elements  of 
colonization  and  civilization.  Free  labor  here  continually  increases 
and  abounds,  and  is  fast  verging  towards  European  standards  of 


316  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

value.  There  is  not  one  acre  too  much  in  our  broad  domain  for  the 
supply  of  even  three  generations  of  our  free  population,  with  their 
certain  increase.  Immigration  from  Europe  is  crowding  our  own 
sons  into  the  western  region,  and  this  movement  is  daily  augmented 
by  the  application  of  new  machines  for  diminishing  mechanical  and 
even  agricultural  labor.  At  this  very  moment,  congress,  after  a  long 
and  obstinate  reluctance,  finds  itself  obliged  to  yield  a  homestead 
law  to  relieve  the  pressure  of  labor  in  the  Atlantic  states.  Certainly, 
therefore,  we  have  no  need  and  no  room  for  African  slaves  in  the 
federal  territories.  Do  you  say  that  we  want  more  sugar  and  more 
cotton,  and  therefore  must  have  more  slaves  and  more  slave  labor  ? 
I  answer,  first,  that  no  class  or  race  of  men  have  a  right  to  demand 
sugar,  cotton,  or  any  other  comfort  of  human  life  to  be  wrung  for 
them,  through  the  action  of  the  federal  government,  from  the  unre 
warded  and  compulsory  labor  of  any  other  class  or  race  of  men. 

I  answer,  secondly,  that  we  have  sugar  and  cotton  enough  already 
for  domestic  consumption,  and  a  surplus  of  the  latter  for  exportation 
without  any  increase  of  slave  territory.  Do  you  say  that  Europe 
wants  more  sugar  and  cotton  than  we  can  now  supply  ?  I  reply,  let 
then  Europe  send  her  free  laborers  hither,  or  into  Italy,  or  into  the 
"West  Indies,  or  into  the  East;  or,  if  it  suit  them  better,  let  them 
engage  the  natives  of  cotton-growing  regions  in  the  old  world,  to 
produce  cotton  and  sugar  voluntarily,  and  for  adequate  compensa 
tion.  Such  a  course,  instead  of  fortifying  and  enlarging  the  sway 
of  slavery  here,  will  leave  us  free  to  favor  its  gradual  removal.  It 
will  renew  or  introduce  civilization  on  the  shores  of  the  Mediterra 
nean  and  throughout  the  coasts  of  the  Indian  ocean.  Christianity, 
more  fully  developed  and  better  understood  now  than  heretofore, 
turns  with  disgust  and  horror  from  the  employment  of  force  and 
piracy  as  a  necessary  agent  of  the  gospel. 

Fourthly.  All  the  subtle  evasions  and  plausible  political  theories 
which  have  heretofore  been  brought  into  the  argument  for  an  exten 
sion  of  slavery,  have  at  last  been  found  fallacious  and  frivolous. 

It  is  unavailing  now  to  say  that  this  government  was  made  by 
and  for  white  men  only,  since  even  slaves  owed  allegiance  to  Great 
Britain  before  the  revolution,  equally  with  white  men,  and  were 
equally  absolved  from  it  by  the  revolution,  and  are  not  only  held  to 
allegiance  now  under  our  laws,  but  are  also  subjected  to  taxation  and 
actual  representation  in  every  department  of  the  federal  government. 


THE  NATIONAL   DIVERGENCE  :    THE   RETURN.  317 

'No  government  can  excuse  itself  from  the  duty  of  protecting  the 
extreme  rights  of  every  human  being,  whether  foreign  or  native 
born,  bond  or  free,  whom  it  compulsorily  holds  within  its  jurisdic 
tion.  The  great  fact  is  now  fully  realized  that  the  African  race  here 
is  a  foreign  and  feeble  element  like  the  Indians,  incapable  of  assimi 
lation,  but  not  the  less,  therefore,  entitled  to  such  care  and  protection 
as  the  weak  everywhere  may  require  from  the  strong ;  that  it  is  a 
pitiful  exotic  unwisely  and  unnecessarily  transplanted  into  our  fields, 
and  which  it  is  unprofitable  to  cultivate  at  the  cost  of  the  desolation 
of  the  native  vineyard.  Nor  will  the  argument  that  the  party  of  sla 
very  is  national  and  that  of  freedom  sectional,  any  longer  avail  when 
it  is  fully  understood  that,  so  far  as  it  is  founded  in  truth,  it  is  only 
a  result  of  that  perversion  of  the  constitution  which  has  attempted 
to  circumscribe  freedom,  and  to  make  slavery  universal  throughout 
the  republic.  Equally  do  the  reproaches,  invectives  and  satires  of 
the  advocates  of  slavery  extension  fail,  since  it  is  seen  and  felt  that 
truth,  reason  and  humanity  can  work  right  on  without  fanaticism, 
and  bear  contumely  without  retaliation.  I  counsel  this  course  fur 
ther,  because  the  combinations  of  slavery  are  broken  up,  and  can 
never  be  renewed  with  success.  Any  new  combination  must  be 
based  on  the  principle  of  the  southern  democratic  faction,  that  slavery 
is  inherently  just  and  beneficent,  and  ought  to  be  protected,  which 
can  no  longer  be  tolerated  in  the  north  ;  or  else  on  the  principle  of 
the  northern  democratic  faction  that  slavery  is  indifferent  and  unwor 
thy  of  federal  protection,  which  is  insufficient  in  the  south :  while  the 
national  mind  has  actually  passed  far  beyond  both  of  these  princi 
ples,  and  is  settled  in  the  conviction  that  slavery,  wherever  and  how 
soever  it  exists,  exists  only  to  be  regretted  and  deplored. 

I  counsel  this  course  further,  because  the  necessity  for  a  return  to 
the  old  national  way  has  become  at  last  absolute  and  imperative. 
We  can  extend  slavery  into  new  territories,  and  create  new  slave 
states  only  by  reopening  the  African  slave  trade ;  a  proceeding  which, 
by  destroying  all  the  existing  values  of  the  slaves  now  held  in  the 
country,  and  their  increase,  would  bring  the  north  and  the  south  into 
complete  unanimity  in  favor  of  that  return. 

Finally,  I  counsel  that  return  because  a  statesman  has  been  desig 
nated  who  possesses,  in  an  eminent  and  most  satisfactory  degree,  the 
virtues  and  the  qualifications  necessary  for  the  leader  in  so  great  and 
generous  a  movement ;  and  I  feel  well  assured  that  Abraham  Lin- 


318  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

coin  will  not  fail  to  reinaugurate  the  ancient  constitutional  policy  in 
the  administration  of  the  government  successfully,  because  the  repub  • 
lican  party,  after  ample  experience,  has  at  last  acquired  the  courage 
and  the  constancy  necessary  to  sustain  him,  and  because  I  am  satis 
fied  that  the  people,  at  last  fully  convinced  of  the  wisdom  and  neces 
sity  of  the  proposed  reformation,  are  prepared  to  sustain  and  give  it 
effect. 

But  when  it  shall  have  been  accomplished,  what  may  we  expect 
then ;  what  dangers  must  we  incur ;  what  disasters  and  calamities 
must  we  suffer?  I  answer,  no  dangers,  disasters  or  calamities.  All 
parties  will  acquiesce,  because  it  will  be  the  act  of  the  people,  in  the 
exercise  of  their  sovereign  power,  in  conformity  with  the  constitu 
tion  and  laws,  and  in  harmony  with  the  eternal  principles  of  justice, 
and  the  benignant  spirit  of  the  age  in  which  we  live.  All  parties 
and  all  sections  will  alike  rejoice  in  the  settlement  of  a  controversy 
which  has  agitated  the  country  and  disturbed  its  peace  so  long.  We 
shall  regain  the  respect  and  good  will  of  the  nations,  and  once  more, 
consistent  with  our  principles  and  with  our  ancient  character,  we 
shall,  with  their  free  consent,  take  our  place  at  their  head,  in  their 
advancing  progress,  toward  a  higher  and  more  happy,  because  more 
numane  and  more  genial  civilization. 


DEMOCEACY  THE  CHIEF  ELEMENT  OF  GOYEENMENT. 

MADISON,  WISCONSIN,  SEPTEMBER  12,  1860. 

IT  is  a  political  law — and  when  I  say  political  law,  I  mean  a 
higher  law,  a  law  of  Providence — that  empire  has,  for  the  last  three 
thousand  years,  so  long  as  we  have  records  of  civilization,  made  its 
way  constantly  westward,  and  that  it  must  continue  to  move  on 
westward  until  the  tides  of  the  renewed  and  of  the  decaying  civil 
izations  of  the  world  meet  on  the  shores  of  the  Pacific  ocean. 
Within  a  year  I  have  seemed  to  myself  to  follow  the  track  of  empire 
in  its  westward  march  for  three  thousand  years.  I  stood  but  a  year 
ago  on  the  hill  of  Calvary.  I  stood  soon  afterward  on  the  Pirceus 
of  Athens.  Again  I  found  myself  on  the  banks  of  the  Tiber. 
Still  advancing  westward  I  rested  under  the  shades  of  the  palaces  of 
the  kings  of  England,  and  trod  the  streets  of  the  now  renovated 
capital  of  France.  From  those  capitals  I  made  my  way  at  last  to 
"Washington,  the  city  of  established  empire  for  the  present  genera 
tion  of  men,  and  of  influence  over  the  destinies  of  mankind. 

Empire  moves  far  more  rapidly  in  modern  than  it  did  in  ancient 
times.  The  empire  established  at  Washington,  is  of  less  than  a 
hundred  years'  formation.  It  was  the  empire  of  thirteen  Atlantic 
American  states.  Still,  practically,  the  mission  of  that  empire  is  ful 
filled.  The  power  that  directs  it  is  ready  to  pass  away  from  those 
thirteen  states,  and  although  held  and  exercised  under  the  same 
constitution  and  national  form  of  government,  yet  it  is  now  in  the 
very  act  of  being  transferred  from  the  thirteen  states  east  of  the 
Alleghany  mountains  and  on  the  coast  of  the  Atlantic  ocean,  to  the 
twenty  states  that  lie  west  of  the  Alleghanies,  and  stretch  away 
from  their  base  to  the  base  of  the  Eocky  mountains.  The  political 
power  of  the  republic,  the  empire,  is  already  here  in  the  plain  that 
stretches  between  the  great  lakes  on  the  east  and  the  base  of  the 
Eocky  mountains  on  the  west ;  and  you  are  heirs  to  it.  When  the 
next  census  shall  reveal  your  power,  you  will  be  found  to  be  the 


320  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

masters  of  the  United  States  of  America,  and  through  them  the 
dominating  political  power  of  the  world.  Our  mission,  if  I  may  say 
that  I  belong  to  that  eastern  and  falling  empire  instead  of  the  rising 
western  one — the  mission  of  the  thirteen  states  has  been  practically 
accomplished.  And  what  is  it?  Just  like  the  mission  of  every 
other  power  on  earth.  To  reproduce,  to  produce  a  new  and  greater 
and  better  power  than  we  have  been  ourselves,  to  introduce  on  the 
stage  of  human  affairs  twenty  new  states  and  to  prepare  the  way  for 
twenty  more,  before  whose  rising  greatness  and  splendor,  all  our 
own  achievements  pale  and  fade  away.  We  have  done  this  with  as 
much  forethought  perhaps  as  any  people  ever  exercised,  by  saving 
the  broad  domain  which  you  and  these  other  forty  states  are  to 
occupy,  saving  it  for  your  possession,  and  so  far  as  we  had  virtue 
enough,  by  surrounding  it  with  barriers  against  the  intrusion  of 
ignorance,  superstition  and  slavery. 

Because  you  are  to  rise  to  the  ascendant  and  exercise  a  domina 
ting  influence,  you  are  not,  therefore,  to  cast  off  the  ancient  and 
honored  thirteen  that  opened  the  way  for  you  and  marshaled  you 
into  this  noble  possession,  nor  are  you  to  cast  off  the  new  states  of 
the  west.  But  you  are  to  lay  still  broader  foundations,  and  to  erect 
still  more  noble  columns  to  sustain  the  empire  which  our  fathers 
established,  and  which  it  is  the  manifest  will  of  our  Heavenly  Father 
shall  reach  from  the  shores  of  the  lakes  to  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  and 
from  the  Atlantic  to  the  Pacific  ocean.  It  was  a  free  government 
which  they  established,  and  it  was  a  self-government — a  government 
such  as,  on  so  large  a  scale,  or  indeed  on  any  scale,  has  never  before 
existed.  I  know  that  when  you  consider  what  a  magnificent  destiny 
you  have  before  you,  to  lay  your  hand  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  and  to 
extend  your  power  to  the  Pacific  ocean  and  grasp  the  great  com 
merce  of  the  east,  you  will  fully  appreciate  the  responsibility.  It  is 
only  to  be  done  by  maintaining  the  democratic  system  of  govern 
ment.  There  is  no  other  name  given  under  heaven  by  which,  in 
this  generation,  nations  can  be  saved  from  desolation  and  ruin,  than 
democracy.  This,  to  many  conservative  ears,  would  seem  a  strange 
proposition ;  and  yet  it  is  so  simple  that  I  lack  the  power  almost  of 
elucidating  it.  Look  at  England.  She  is  ambitious,  as  she  well 
may  be,  and  ought  to  be,  to  retain  that  dominion,  reaching  into 
every  part  of  the  habitable  globe,  which  she  now  exercises.  She  is 
likely  to  do  it,  too,  and  may  do  it,  by  reducing,  every  successive 


THE  ARISTOCRATIC  ELEMENT.  321 

year,  the  power  of  her  aristocracy,  and  introducing  more  and  more, 
the  popular  element  of  democracy  ID  to  the  administration  of  her 
government. 

In  many  respects  the  government  of  England,  though  more  aris 
tocratic,  is  still  less  monarchical  than  our  own.  The  British  empire 
exists  to-day  only  by  recognizing  and  gradually  adopting  the  great 
truth  that  if  the  British  empire  is  to  stand,  it  is  the  British  people 
who  are  to  maintain  that  empire  and  enjoy  and  exercise  it.  France, 
the  other  great  European  power,  which  seems  to  stand  firmer  now 
than  ever,  and  to  be  renewing  her  career  of  prosperity  and  glory — 
France,  under  the  form  of  a  despotism,  has  adopted  the  principle  of 
universal  suffrage,  and  the  empire  of  France  to-day  is  a  democracy. 
The  Austrian  empire  is  falling.  And  why  ?  Because  democracy  is 
rising  in  Germany  to  demand  the  liberation  of  the  people  of  its 
various  nations,  and  the  exercise  of  universal  suffrage.  And  Italy 
to-day  all  along  the  coast  of  the  Mediterranean,  is  rising  up  to  the 
dignity  of  renewed  national  life,  by  adopting  the  principle  of  univer 
sal  suffrage  and  the  limitation  of  power  by  the  action  of  the  whole 
people. 

Now  if  in  the  Old  World,  where  government  and  empire  are 
entrenched  and  established  so  strong  in  hereditary  aristocracy,  no 
empire  can  stand  except  as  it  yields  to  the  democratic  principle ; 
look  around  over  the  United  States  of  America,  and  say  how  long 
you  can  hold  these  states  in  a  federal  union  or  maintain  one  common 
authority  or  empire  here,  except  on  the  principles  of  democracy  ? 
Therefore,  it  is  that,  I  say,  that  you  of  the  northwest  are,  above  all 
things,  first,  last,  and  all  the  time,  to  recognize  as  the  great  element 
of  the  republic,  the  system  and  principles  of  democracy. 

But,  fellow  citizens,  it  is  easy  to  talk  about  democracy.  I  have 
heard  some  men  prate  of  it  by  the  hour,  and  admire  it,  and  shout 
for  it,  and  express  their  reverence  for  it ;  and  yet  I  have  seen  that 
they  never  comprehend  the  simplest  element  of  democracy  ?  What 
is  it  ?  Is  it  the  opposite  of  monarchy  or  of  aristocracy  ?  Aristocracy 
is  maintained  everywhere,  in  all  lands,  by  one  of  two  systems,  or  by 
both  combined.  An  aristocracy  is  the  government  in  which  the 
privileged  own  the  lands,  and  the  many  unprivileged  work  them,  or 
in  which  the  few  privileged  own  the  laborers  and  the  laborers  work 
for  them.  In  either  case  the  laborer  works  on  compulsion,  and 
under  the  constraint  of  force ;  and  in  either  case  he  takes  that  which 

VOL.  IV.  41 


322  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

may  remain  after  the  wants  of  the  owners  of  land  or  labor  are  both 
satisfied.  The  laborer  must  rest  content  with  the  privilege  of  being 
protected  in  his  personal  rights ;  and  the  powers  of  the  government 
are  exercised  by  the  owner,  of  labor  and  of  land. 

)  Here,  then,  you  see  I  have  brought  you  to  the  consideration  of 
the  great  problem  of  society  in  this  republic  or  empire.  It  is  this : 
Is  there  any  danger -that  in  the  United  States  the  citizen  will  not  be 
the  owner  of  the  land  which  he  cultivates  ?  If  there  is  any  part  of 
the  United  States  where  the  labor  or  the  land  is  monopolized  by 
capital,  there  is  a  place  in  which  the  democratic  element  has  not  yet 
had  its  introduction  or  been  permitted  to  work  its  way  effectually. 
So,  on  the  other  hand,  as  here,  where  you  are,  no  man  can  monopo 
lize  the  land  which  another  man  is  obliged  to  cultivate,  much  less 
monopolize  the  labor  by  which  the  lands  on  your  fields  are  cultiva 
ted,  you  are  entirely  and  absolutely  established  and  grounded  on 
democratic  principles.  But,  you  all  know,  that  has  not  always  been 
the  history  of  our  whole  country,  and,  at  times,  was  not  the  condi 
tion  of  any  part  of  it.  Some  two  hundred  years  ago,  when  laborers 
were  scarce,  and  the  field  to  be  cultivated  was  large,  private  citizens 
of  the  Atlantic  states,  driven,  as  they  said,  by  the  cupidity  of  the 
British  government,  introduced  the  labor  of  slaves  into  the  American 
colonies,  and  then  established  the  aristocracy  of  land  and  labor. 
The  system  pervaded  nearly  the  whole  Atlantic  states.  If  it  had 
not  been  interrupted  it  would  have  pervaded  the  continent  of 
America ;  and  instead  of  what  you  see,  and  of  what  you  are  a  part, 
and  of  what  you  do, — instead  of  emigration  from  the  eastern  states 
into  the  prairies  of  the  west,  and  instead  of  emigration  from  Europe 
all  over  the  United  States,  you  would  have  had  in  the  northwest 
this  day  the  Boston  and  New  York  merchant  importing  laborers 
instead  of  freemen  into  the  seaports,  and  dispersing  them  over  the 
entire  valley  of  the  Mississippi.  That  would  have  been  the  condi 
tion  of  civilization  on  this  continent.  It  has  been  fortunate  for  you, 
and  fortunate  for  us,  that  such  a  desecration  of  the  magnificent  scene, 
provided  by  nature  for  the  improvement  of  human  society  and  for 
the  increase  of  human  happiness,  has  been  arrested  so  soon ;  and 
you  will  see  how  felicitous  it  is  when  for  one  moment  you  compare 
the  condition  of  Wisconsin,  and  of  Maine,  and  of  Iowa,  and  of  Illi 
nois,  and  of  Indiana,  and  of  all  the  free  states  of  the  Union,  with 
the  islands  of  the  West  Indies,  colonized  just  at  the  same  time  that 


THE   DEMOCRATIC   ELEMENT   PERVERTED.  323 

the  Atlantic  states  were  colonized,  and  with  the  condition  of  South 
America,  a  whole  and  entire  new  continent,  abounding  in  the  most 
luxuriant  vegetation  and  with  the  greatest  resources  of  mineral 
wealth,  absolutely  reduced  to  a  condition  of  perpetual  civil  war,  and 
ever-renewed  ruinous  desolation.  The  salvation  of  North  America 
from  all  those  disasters  that  have  befallen  the  southern  portion  of 
the  continent  is  the  result  of  bold  and  firm  procedure  on  the  part 
of  your  ancestors  and  mine,  less  than  a  hundred  years  ago. 

The  government  of  the  United  States  was  established  in  an 
auspicious  moment.  The  world  had  become  aroused  to  the  injustice 
as  well  as  to  the  inexpediency  of  the  system  of  slavery,  and  the  peo 
ple  of  the  United  States,  rising  up  to  the  dignity  of  the  decision  that 
was  before  them,  determined  to  prevent  the  further  extension,  and, 
as  far  and  fast  as  possible,  to  secure  the  abolition  of  African  slavery. 
It  was  under  the  influence  of  a  high,  righteous,  noble,  humane  excite 
ment  like  that,  that  even  the  state  of  Virginia,  itself  a  slave  state, 
like  the  state  of  New  York,  determined  that,  so  far  as  her  power 
and  her  will  could  command  the  future,  slavery  should  cease  for 
ever  ;  first,  by  abolishing  the  African  slave  trade,  which  would  bring 
about,  ultimately,  the  cessation  of  domestic  slavery ;  and,  in  the 
second  place,  by  declaring  that  her  consent  to  the  cession  of  territory 
northwest  of  the  Ohio,  of  which  you  occupy  so  beautiful  a  part,  was 
given  with  the  express  condition  that  it  should  never  be  the  home 
of  slavery  or  involuntary  servitude. 

But,  I  need  not  remind  you  that  this,  like  most  other  efforts  of 
human  society  to  do  good  and  to  advance  the  welfare  of  mankind, 
had  its  painful  and  unfortunate  reaction.  Hardty  twenty  years  had 
elapsed  after  the  passage  of  these  noble  acts  for  the  foundation  of 
liberty  on  the  North  American  continent,  before  there  came  over 
the  nation  a  tide  of  demoralization,  the  results  of  which,  coming  on 
us  with  such  fearful  rapidity,  surpass  almost  our  power  to  describe 
or  to  sufficiently  deplore. 

What  have  we  seen  since  that  was  done?  We  have  seen  the 
people  of  the  United  States — for  it  is  of  no  use  to  cast  responsibility 
on  parties,  or  administrations,  or  statesmen — extend  slavery  all  around 
the  coast  of  the  gulf  of  Mexico.  We  have  seen  them  take  Texas 
into  the  Union,  and  agree  that  she  should  come  in  as  a  slave  state, 
and  have  the  right  to  multiply  herself  into  four  more  slave  states. 
We  have  seen  California  and  New  Mexico  conquered  by  the  people 


324:  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  the  United  States,  with  the  deliberate  consent,  if  not  purpose, 
that  slavery  should  be  extended  from  the  Mississippi  river  to  the 
Pacific  ocean.  We  have  seen  the  constitution  of  the  United  States 
perverted  by  the  consent  of  the  people  until  that  constitution,  instead 
of  being  a  law  of  freedom  and  a  citadel  of  human  rights,  has  come 
to  be  pronounced  by  the  affected  judgment  and  willing  consent  of 
the  highest  tribunal  of  the  United  States,  yet  enjoying  the  confidence 
and  support  of  the  people,  to  be  a  tower  and  bulwark  of  human 
slavery,  of  African  bondage ;  and  you  have  it  now  announced  by  the 
government  of  the  United  States,  which  you  yourselves  brought  into 
power,  that  wherever  the  constitution  of  the  United  States  goes,  it 
carries,  not  freedom  with  the  eagles  of  conquest,  but  hateful  bondage. 
If  the  principle  which  you  have  thus  permitted  to  be  established  is 
true,  then  there  is  not  an  arsenal  within  the  United  States,  not  a 
military  or  naval  school  of  the  federal  government,  not  a  federal 
jail,  not  a  dock  yard,  not  a  ship  that  traverses  the  ocean  bearing  the 
American  flag  in  any  part  of  the  world,  where  the  law,  the  normal 
law,  the  law  by  which  men  are  tried  and  judged,  is  not  a  law  by 
which  every  man  whose  ancestor  was  a  slave  is  a  slave,  and  by 
which  property  in  slaves,  not  freedom  of  man,  is  the  real  condition 
of  society  under  the  federal  system  of  government.  I  can  only  ask 
you  to  consider  for  a  moment  how  near  you  have  come  to  losing 
everything  which  you  enjoy  of  this  great  interest  of  freedom.  The 
battle  culminated  at  last  on  the  fields  of  Kansas. 

How  severe  and  how  dreadful  a  battle  that  has  been,  you  all  know. 
It  was  a  great  and  desperate  effort  of  the  aristocracy  of  capital  in 
labor,  to  carry  their  system  practically  with  all  its  evils  to  the  shores 
of  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  and  to  cut  off  the  Atlantic  states  from  all 
communication  with  the  sister  states  on  the  Pacific,  and  so  extend 
slavery  from  the  centre,  both  ways,  restoring  it  throughout  the  whole 
country.  You  will  say  that  this  was  a  very  visionary  attempt ;  but 
it  was  far  from  being  visionary.  It  was  possible,  and  for  a  time^ 
seemed  fearfully  probable — probable  for  this  reason,  that  the  land 
must  have  labor,  and  that  it  must  be  either  the  labor  of  freemen  or 
the  labor  of  slaves.  Introduce  slave  labor  in  any  way  that  you  can, 
and  free  labor  is  repelled,  and  avoids  it.  Slave  labor  was  introduced 
into  this  country  by  the  opening  of  the  African  slave  trade,  and 
when  the  territory  of  the  United  States,  in  the  interior  of  the  conti 
nent,  was  open  to  slavery  with  your  "consent  and  mine,  nothing  then 


THE   ARISTOCRATIC   ELEMENT   RESISTED.  325 

would  have  remained  but  to  reopen  and  restore  the  African  slave 
trade ;  for  it  is  prohibited  only  by  a  law,  and  the  same  power  that 
made  the  law  could  repeal  and  abrogate  it.  The  same  power  that 
abrogated  the  Missouri  compromise  in  1854,  would,  if  the  efforts  to 
establish  slavery  in  Kansas  had  been  successful,  have  been,  after  a 
short  time,  bold  enough,  daring  enough,  desperate  enough,  to  have 
repealed  the  prohibition  of  the  African  slave  trade.  And,  indeed, 
that  is  yet  a  possibility  now ;  for,  disguise  these  issues  now  before 
the  American  people,  as  they  may  be  disguised  by  the  democratic 
party,  yet  it  is  nevertheless  perfectly  true,  that  if  you  forego  your 
opposition  and  resistance  to  slavery,  if  this  popular  resistance  should 
be  withdrawn,  or  should,  for  any  reason,  cease,  then  the  African 
slave  trade,  which  at  first  illegally  renews  itself  along  the  coasts  of 
our  southern  states,  would  gradually  steal  up  the  Mississippi,  until 
the  people,  tired  with  a  hopeless  resistance,  should  become  indifferent, 
and  African  slavery  would  once  more  become  the  disgraceM  trade 
of  the  American  flag. 

Now,  all  these  evils  would  have  happened,  all  this  abandonment 
of  the  continent  of  North  America  to  slavery  would  have  happened, 
and  have  been  inevitable,  had  resistance  to  it  depended  alone  on  the 
people  of  the  thirteen  original  states.  We  were  already  overpowered 
there.  From  one  -end  of  the  Atlantic  states  to  the  other,  there  were, 
in  1850,  scarcely  three  states  which  did  not  declare  that  henceforth 
they  gave  up  the  contest,  and  that  they  were  willing  that  the  people 
of  the  new  territories  might  have  slavery  or  freedom,  and  might 
come  into  the  Union  as  slave  states,  or  as  free  states,  just  as  they 
pleased. 

When  that  had  happened,  what  would  have  followed?  Why, 
that  the  people  who  had  the  right  to  slavery  if  they  pleased,  had  the 
right  to  get  slaves  if  they  pleased.  How,  then,  were  we  saved  ?  Ifc 
seems  almost  as  if  it  was  providential  that  these  new  states  of  the 
northwest,  the  state  of  Michigan,  the  state  of  Wisconsin,  the  state 
of  Iowa,  the  state  of  Ohio,  founded  on  this  reservation  for  freedom 
that  had  been  made  in  the  year  1787,  matured  just  in  the  critical 
moment  to  interpose,  to  rally  the  free  states  of  the  Atlantic  coast,  to 
call  them  back  to  their  ancient  principles,  to  nerve  them  to  sustain 
them  in  the  contest  at  the  capitol,  and  to  send  their  noble  and  true 
sons  and  daughters  to  the  plains  of  Kansas,  to  defend,  at  the  peril 
of  their  homes,  and  even  their  lives,  if  need  were,  the  precious  soil 


326  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

which  had  been  abandoned  bj  the  government  to  slavery,  from  the 
intrusion  of  that,  the  greatest  evil  that  has  ever  befallen  our  land. 
You  matured  in  the  right  time.  And  how  came  you  to  mature? 
How  came  you  to  be  better,  wiser,  than  we  of  the  Atlantic  states  ? 
The  reason  is  a  simple  one,  perfectly  plain.  Your  soil  had  been  never 
polluted  by  the  footprints  of  a  slave.  Every  foot  of  ours  had  been 
redeemed  from  slavery.  You  are  a  people  educated  in  the  love  of 
freedom,  and  to  whom  the  practice  of  freedom  and  of  democracy 
belongs,  for  every  one  of  you  own  the  land  you  cultivate,  and  no 
human  being  that  has  ever  trodden  it  has  worn  the  manacles  of  a 
slave.  And  you  come  from  other  regions  too.  You  come  from  the 
south,  where  you  knew  the  evils  of  slavery.  You  come  from  Ger 
many  and  from  Ireland,  and  from  Holland,  and  from  France,  and 
from  all  over  the  face  of  the  globe,  where  you  have  learned  by  expe 
rience  the  sufferings  that  result  from  aristocracy  and  oppression. 
And  you  brought  away  with  you  from  your  homes  the  sentiments, 
the  education  of  freemen.  You  came  then  just  at  the  right  moment. 
You  came  prepared.  You  came  qualified.  You  came  sent  by  the 
Almighty  to  rescue  this  land  and  the  whole  continent  from  slavery. 
Did  ever  men  have  a  more  glorious  duty  to  perform,  or  a  more 
beneficent  destiny  before  them  than  the  people  of  the  northwestern 
angle  that  lies  between  the  Ohio  river  and  the  great  lakes  and  the 
Mississippi  ?  I  am  glad  to  see  that  you  are  worthy  of  it,  that  you 
appreciate  it. 

It  does  not  need  that  I  should  stimulate  you  by  an  appeal  to  your 
patriotism,  to  your  love  of  justice,  and  to  your  honor,  to  perfect  this 
great  work,  to  persevere  in  it  until  you  shall  bring  the  government 
of  the  United  States  to  stand  hereafter  as  it  stood  forty  years  ago,  a 
tower  of  freedom,  and  a  refuge  for  the  oppressed  of  all  lands,  instead 
of  a  bulwark  of  slavery.  I  prefer  rather  to  deal  in  what  may  per 
haps  be  not  less  pleasing  to  you,  and  that  is,  to  tell  you  that  the 
whole  responsibility  rests  henceforth  directly  or  indirectly  on  the 
people  of  the  northwest.  Abandon  that  responsibility,  and  slavery 
extends  from  the  gulf  of  Mexico  to  the  gulf  of  St.  Lawrence  on 
the  Atlantic  coast.  There  can  be  no  virtue  in  commercial  and  man 
ufacturing  communities  to  maintain  a  democracy,  when  the  democ 
racy  themselves  do  not  want  a  democracy.  There  is  no  virtue  in 
Pearl  street,  in  Wall  street,  in  Court  street,  in  Chestnut  street,  in  any 
other  stieet  of  great  commercial  cities,  that  can  save  the  great  demo- 


RESPONSIBILITY  OF  THE  NORTHWEST.  327 

cratic  government  of  ours,  when  you  cease  to  uphold  it  with  your 
intelligent  votes,  your  strong  and  mighty  hands.  You  must,  there 
fore,  lead  us  as  we  heretofore  reserved  and  prepared  the  way  for  you. 
We  resign  to  you  the  banner  of  fruman  rights  and  human  liberty, 
on  this  continent,  and  we  bid  you  be  firm,  bold  and  onward,  and  then 
you  may  hope  that  we  will  be  able  to  follow  you.  > 

I  have  said  that  you  are  to  have  the  responsibility  alone.  I  have 
shown  you  that  in  the  Atlantic  northern  states  we  were  dependent 
on  you.  I  need  not  tell  you  that  at  present  you  can  expect  no  effec 
tive  support  or  sympathy  in  the  Atlantic  southern  states. 

You  must  demonstrate  the  wisdom  of  our  cause  by  argument,  by 
reason,  by  the  firm  exercise  of  suffrage,  in  every  way  in  which  the 
human  intelligence  and  human  judgment  can  be  convinced  of  truth 
and  right — you  must  demonstrate  it,  giving  line  upon  line,  and  pre 
cept  upon  precept,  overcoming  passion  and  prejudice  and  enmity, 
with  gentleness,  with  patience,  with  loving  kindness  to  your  brethren 
of  the  slave  states,  until  they  shall  see  that  the  way  of  wisdom  which 
you  have  chosen  is  also  the  path  of  peace.  The  southwest  are 
sharers  with  you  of  the  northwest  in  this  great  inheritance  of  empire. 
It  belongs  equally  to  them  and  to  you.  They  have  plains  as  beauti 
ful.  They  have  rivers  as  noble.  They  have  all  the  elements  of 
wealth,  prosperity  and  power  that  you  have.  Still  from  them,  from 
Kentucky  and  Tennessee,  from  Missouri  and  Arkansas,  from  Ala 
bama  and  Mississippi  and  Louisiana,  you  will  for  the  present  receive 
no  aid  or  support ;  but  you  will  have  to  maintain  your  principles  in 
opposition,  although  I  trust  not  in  defiance  of  them — and  that,  for 
the  simple  reason  that  in  the  great  year  1787,  when  Mr.  Jefferson 
proposed  that  slavery  should  be  excluded  in  all  the  public  domain 
of  the  United  States,  lying  southwest,  as  well  as  that  lying  north 
west  of  the  Ohio  river,  those  states  had  not  the  forecast,  had  not  the 
judgment,  to  surrender  the  temporary  conveniences  and  advantages 
of  slavery,  and  to  elect,  as  your  ancestors  chose  for  you,  the  great 
system  of  free  labor.  They  chose  slavery,  and  they  have  to  drag 
out,  for  some  years  yet,  not  long,  not  so  long  as  some  of  you  will  live, 
but  still  so  long  that  they  will  be  a  drag  and  a  weight  upon  your 
movements,  instead  of  lending  you  assistance — they  have  got  to  drag 
out  to  the  end  their  system  of  slave  labor.  You  have,  therefore,  as 
you  see,  the  whole  responsibility.  It  depends  upon  you.  You  have 
no  reliance  upon  the  Atlantic  states  of  the  east,  north  or  south.  You 


328  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

have  the  opposition  of  the  southern  states  on  either  side  of  the  Alle 
ghany  mountains ;  but  still  the  power  is  with  you.  You  are  situated 
where  all  powers  have  ever  been,  that  have  controlled  the  destiny  of 
the  nation  to  which  they  belonged.  You  are  in  the  land  which  pro 
duces  the  wheat  and  the  corn,  the  cereal  grains — the  land  that  is 
covered  with  the  oak,  and  where  they  say  the  slave  cannot  live. 
They  are  in  the  land  that  produces  cotton  and  sugar  and  the  tropical 
fruits — in  the  land  where  they  say  the  white  man  cannot  labor ;  in 
the  land  where  the  white  man  must  perish  if  he  have  not  a  negro 
slave  to  provide  him  with  food  and  raiment.  They  do,  indeed,  com 
mand  the  mouths  of  the  rivers ;  but  what  is  that  worth,  except  as 
they  derive  perpetual  supplies,  perpetual  moral  reinvigoration,  from 
the  hardy  sons  of  the  north  that  reside  around  the  sources  of  those 
mighty  rivers? 

I  am  sure  that  in  this  I  am  speaking  only  words  of  truth  and 
experience.  The  northwest  is  by  no  means  so  small  as  you  may 
think  it ;  I  speak  to  you  because  I  feel  that  I  am,  and  during  all  my 
mature  life  have  been,  one  of  you.  Although  of  New  York,  I  am 
still  a  citizen  of  the  northwest.  The  northwest  extends  eastward  to 
the  base  of  the  Alleghany  mountains,  and  does  not  all  of  western 
New  York  lie  westward  of  the  Alleghany  mountains  ?  Whence 
comes  all  the  inspiration  of  free  soil  which  spreads  itself  with  such 
cheerful  voices  over  all  these  plains  ?  Why,  from  New  York  west 
ward  of  the  Alleghany  mountains.1  The  people  before  me — who 
are  you  but  New  York  men,  while  you  are  men  of  the  northwest? 
It  is  an  old  proverb,  that  men  change  the  skies,  but  not  their 
minds,  when  they  emigrate ;  but  you  have  changed  neither  skies  nor 
mind. 

I  will  add  but  one  word  more.  This  is  not  the  business  of  this 
day  alone.  It  is  not  the  business  of  this  year  alone.  It  is  not  the 
business  of  the  northwest  alone.  It  is  the  interest,  the  destiny  of 
human  society  on  the  continent.  You  are  to  make  this  whole  conti 
nent,  from  north  to  south,  from  east  to  west,  a  land  of  freedom  and 
a  land  of  happiness.  There  is  no  power  on  earth  now  existing,  no 
empire  existing,  or  as  yet  established,  that  is  to  equal  or  can  equal 

1  At  this  point  of  the  speech  a  large  number  of  voices  in  the  audience  responded,  indicating 
the  different  counties  in  New  York,  from  which  they  had  emigrated,  "  Cayuga,"  "  Genesee," 
"Seneca,"  "Tates,"  ''Ontario,'1  &c.,  so  that  Mr.  Seward  remarked:  "Why,  I  thought  I  was 
midway  between  the  Lakes  and  the  Mississippi,  but  I  find  I  am  at  home  among  old  neighbors 
and  friends." 


WORDS   OF   JOHN   ADAMS.  329 

in  duration  the  future  of  the  United  States.  It  is  not  for  ourselves 
alone  ;  you  have  the  least  possible  interest  in  it.  It  is,  indeed,  for 
those  children  of  yours.  Old  John  Adams,  when,  at  the  close  of  the 
revolutionary  war,  he  sat  down  and  counted  up  the  losses  and  sacri 
fices  that  he  had  endured  and  made,  rejoiced  in  the  establishment  of 
the  independence  which  had  been  the  great  object  of  his  life,  and 
said :  "  I  have  gained  nothing.  I  should  have  been  even  more  com 
fortable,  perhaps,  and  more  quiet,  had  we  remained  under  the  British 
dominion ;  but  for  my  children,  and  for  their  children,  and  for  the 
children  of  the  generation  that  labored  with  me,  I  feel  that  we  have 
done  a  work  which  entitles  us  to  rejoice,  and  call  upon  us  by  our 
successes  to  render  our  thanks  to  Almighty  God." 


THE  CONSTITUTION  INTERPRETED.1 

IT  has  been  by  a  simple  rule  of  interpretation  that  I  have  studied 
the  constitution  of  my  country.  That  rule  has  been  simply  this : 
That  by  no  word,  no  act,  no  combination  into  which  I  might  enter, 
should  any  one  human  being  of  the  generation  to  which  I  belong, 
much  less  any  class  of  human  beings,  of  any  nation,  race  or  kindred, 
be  repressed  and  kept  down  in  the  least  degree  in  their  efforts  to 
rise  to  a  higher  state  of  liberty  and  happiness.  Amid  all  the  glosses 
of  the  times,  amid  all  the  essays  and  discussions  to  which  the  con 
stitution  of  the  United  States  has  been  subjected,  this  has  been  the 
simple,  plain,  broad  light  in  which  I  have  read  every  article  and 
every  section  of  that  great  instrument.  Whenever  it  requires  of 
me  that  this  hand  shall  keep  down  the  humblest  of  the  human  race, 
then  I  will  lay  down  power,  place,  position,  fame,  everything,  rather 
than  adopt  such  a  construction  or  such  a  rule.  If,  therefore,  in  this 
land  there  are  any  that  would  rise,  I  extend  to  them,  in  God's  name, 
a  good  speed.  If  there  are  any  in  foreign  lands  who  would  improve 
their  condition  by  emigration,  or  if  there  be  any  here  who  would 
go  abroad  in  the  search  of  happiness,  in  the  improvement  of  their 
condition,  or  in  their  elevation  to  a  higher  state  of  dignity  and  hap 
piness,  they  have  always  had,  and  always  shall  have,  a  cheering 
word  and  such  efforts  as  I  can  consistently  make  in  their  behalf. 

'Extract  from  Mr.  SewarcTs  speech,  at  Madison,  September  11, 1860. 

VOL.  IV.  42 


POLITICAL  EQUALITY  THE  NATIONAL  IDEA. 

SAINT  PAUL,  SEPTEMBER  18,  1860. 

ONE  needs  to  have  had  something  of  my  own  experience  of  living 
in  a  state  at  an  early  period  of  its  material  development  and  social 
improvement,  and  growing  up  with  its  growing  greatness,  to  be  able  to 
appreciate  the  feeling  with  which  I  arn  oppressed,  on  this  my  first 
entrance  into  the  capital  of  the  state  of  Minnesota.  Every  step  of 
my  progress  since  I  reached  the  Northern  Mississippi  has  been 
attended  by  an  agreeable  and  constantly  increasing  surprise.  I  had 
early  read  the  works  in  which  the  geographer  had  described  the 
scenes  around  me,  and  I  had  studied  these  scenes  minutely  in  the 
finest  productions  of  art ;  but  still  the  grandeur,  the  luxuriance,  the 
geniality  of  the  region  were  but  imperfectly  conceived  before  I  saw 
these  sentinel  walls  that  look  down  on  the  Mississippi — seen  as  I 
beheld  them — just  when  the  earliest  tinges  of  the  fall  give  the  rich 
variety  of  hues  to  the  American  forest.  I  thought  how  much  of 
taste  and  genius  had  been  wasted  in  celebrating  the  highlands  of 
Scotland  and  the  mountains  of  Palestine,  before  civilized  man  had 
reached  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi.  And  then  that  beautiful  lake 
Pepin  scene,  at  the  close  of  the  day,  when  the  autumnal  green  of  the 
shores  was  lost  in  a  deep  blue  hue  that  emulated  that  of  the 
heavens ;  the  moistened  atmosphere  reflected  the  golden  rays  of  the 
setting  sun,  and  the  skies  above  seemed  to  come  down  to  complete 
the  gorgeous  drapery  of  the  scene.  It  was  a  piece  of  upholstery 
such  as  no  hand  but  that  of  nature  could  have  made.  This  magnifi 
cent  lake,  I  said  to  myself,  is  a  fitting  vestibule  to  the  capital  of  the 
state  of  Minnesota — a  state  which  I  have  loved,  which  I  ever  shall 
love,  for  more  reasons  than  time  would  now  allow  me  to  mention, 
but  chiefly  because  it  was  one  of  three  states  which  my  own  voice 
had  been  potential  in  bringing  into  the  Federal  Union.  Every  one 
of  the  three  was  a  free  state,  and  I  believe  on  my  soul  that,  of  the 
whole  three,  Minnesota  is  the  freest  of  all. 


MINNESOTA  AND  THE  NORTHWEST.  331 

I  find  myself  now,  for  the  first  time,  on  the  highlands  in  the  cen 
ter  of  the  continent  of  North  America,  equidistant  from  the  waters 
of  Hudson's  bay  and  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  from  the  Atlantic  ocean  to 
the  ocean  in  which  the  sun  sets — here  on  the  spot  where  spring  up, 
almost  side  by  side,  and  so  near  that  they  may  kiss  each  other,  the 
two  great  rivers  of  the  continent,  the  one  of  which  pursuing  its 
strange,  capricious,  majestic,  vivacious  course  through  rapids  and 
cascade,  lake  after  lake,  bay  after  bay,  and  river  after  river,  till, 
at  last,  after  a  course  of  two  thousand  five  hundred  miles,  it  brings 
your  commerce  into  the  ocean  midway  to  the  ports  of  Europe,  and 
the  other,  which  meandering  through  woodland  and  prairie  a  like 
distance  of  two  thousand  five  hundred  miles, -taking  in  tributary 
after  tributary  from  the  east  and  from  the  west,  bringing  together 
the  waters  from  the  western  declivity  of  the  Alleghanies  and  the 
torrents  which  roll  down  the  eastern  sides  of  the  Rocky  mountains, 
finds  the  Atlantic  ocean  in  the  gulf  of  Mexico.  Here  is  the  central 
place  where  the  agriculture  of  the  richest  regions  of  North  America 
must  begin  its  magnificent  supplies  to  the  whole  world.  On  the 
east,  all  along  the  shore  of  lake  Superior,  and  on  the  west,  stretching 
in  one  broad  plain,  in  a  belt  across  the  continent,  is  a  country  where 
state  after  state  is  yet  to  rise,  and  whence  the  productions  for  the 
support  of  human  society  in  other  crowded  states  must  forever  go 
forth.  This  is  then  a  commanding  field ;  but  it  is  as  commanding 
in  regard  to  the  commercial  future,  for  power  is  not  to  reside  perma 
nently  on  the  eastern  slope  of  the  Alleghany  mountains,  nor  in  the 
seaports  of  the  Pacific.  Seaports  have  always  been  controlled  at 
last  by  the  people  of  the  interior.  The  people  of  the  inland  and 
of  the  upland,  those  who  inhabit  the  sources  of  the  mighty  waters, 
are  they  who  supply  all  states  with  the  materials  of  wealth  and 
power.  The  seaports  will  be  the  mouths  by  which  we  shall  commu 
nicate  and  correspond  with  Europe,  but  the  power  that  shall  speak 
and  shall  communicate  and  express  the  will  of  men  on  this  conti 
nent,  is  to  be  located  in  the  Mississippi  valley,  and  at  the  source  of 
the  Mississippi  and  the  St.  Lawrence.  In  other  days,  studying  what 
might  perhaps  have  seemed  to  others  a  visionary  subject,  I  have 
cast  about  for  the  future  the  ultimate  central  seat  of  power  of  the 
North  American  people.  I  have  looked  at  Quebec  and  at  New  Or 
leans,  at  Washington  and  at  San  Francisco,  at  Cincinnati  and  at  St. 
Louis,  and  it  has  been  the  result  of  my  best  conjecture  that  the  seat 


332  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  power  for  North  America  would  yet  be  found  in  the  valley  of 
Mexico ;  that  the  glories  of  the  Aztec  capital  would  be  renewed,  and 
that  city  would  become  ultimately  the  capital  of  the  United  States 
of  America.  But  I  have  corrected  that  view,  and  I  now  believe 
that  the  last  seat  of  power  on  the  great  continent  will  be  found  some 
where  within  a  radius  not  very  far  from  the  very  spot  where  I  stand, 
at  the  head  of  navigation  on  the  Mississippi  river  and  on  the  great 
Mediterranean  lakes. 

I  have  often  seen,  but  never  with  great  surprise,  that  on  the  occa 
sion  of  a  revival  of  religion,  the  oldest,  the  most  devout,  the  most 
religious  preacher — he  whose  life  had  seemed  to  me  and  to  the 
world  to  be  better  ordered  according  to  the  laws  of  God  and  of  affec 
tion  to  mankind,  has  discovered  that  he  had  been  entirely  mistaken 
in  his  own  experience,  and  that  he  now  found  out,  to  his  great  grief  and 
astonishment,  that  he  had  never  before  been  converted,  and  that  now 
for  the  first  time  he  had  become  a  Christian.  While  standing  here,  I 
almost  fall  into  the  notion  that  I  am  in  the  category  of  that  preacher, 
and  although  I  cannot  charge  myself  with  having  been  really  a  sedi 
tious  or  ever  a  disloyal  citizen,  I  have  yet  never  exactly  and  com 
pletely  understood  the  duties  that  I  owed  to  society  and  the  spirit 
that  belongs  to  an  American  citizen.  I  have  never  until  now  occu 
pied  that  place  whence  I  could  grasp  the  whole  grand  panorama  of  the 
continent,  for  the  happiness  of  whose  present  people  and  of  whose 
future  millions  of  millions,  it  is  the  duty  of  an  American  statesman  to 
labor.  I  have  often  heard  it  said,  and  indeed  I  have  thought  that  one 
could  get  a  very  adequate  idea  of  the  greatness  of  this  republic  of  ours, 
if  he  could  stand  as  I  have  stood  on  the  deck  of  an  American  ship  of 
war,  as  she  crossed  the  Mediterranean,  passed  through  the  Ionian 
islands,  ascended  the  Adriatic,  bearing  at  the  mast-head  the  stripes  and 
stars  that  command  respect  and  inspire  fear  equally  among  the  semi- 
barbarians  of  Asia  and  the  most  polite  and  powerful  nations  of  Europe. 
I  have  often  thought  that  I  could  lift  myself  up  to  the  conception 
of  the  greatness  of  this  republic  of  ours  by  taking  a  stand  on  the 
terrace  of  the  capitol  of  Washington,  and  contemplating  the  concen 
tration  of  the  political  power  of  the  American  people,  and  then  fol 
lowing  out  in  my  imagination  the  dispatches  by  which  that  will, 
after  being  modified  by  the  executive  and  legislative  departments, 
went  forth  in  laws,  and  edicts,  and  ordinances  for  the  government 
and  direction  of  a  great  people.  But,  after  all,  no  such  place  as 


THE   GREAT   AMERICAN   UNION.  333 

either  of  these  is  equal  to  that  I  now  occupy.  I  seem  to  myself  to 
stand  here  on  this  eminence  as  the  traveler  who  climbs  the  dome  of 
St.  Peter's  in  Eome.  There,  through  the  opening  of  Jihat  dome,  he 
seems  to  himself  to  be  in  almost  direct  and  immediate  communica 
tion  with  the  Almighty  Power  that  directs  and  controls  the  actions 
and  the  wills  of  men,  and  he  looks  down  with  pity  on  the  priests 
and  votaries  below  who  vainly  try,  by  poring  over  beads  and  rituals, 
to  study  out  and  influence  the  mind  of  the  Eternal.  Standing  here 
and  looking  far  off  into  the  northwest,  I  see  the  Eussian  as  he 
busily  occupies  himself  in  establishing  seaports  and  towns  and  forti 
fications,  on  the  verge  of  this  continent,  as  the  outposts  of  St.  Peters 
burg,  and  I  can  say,  "  Go  on,  and  build  up  your  outposts  all  along 
the  coast  up  even  to  the  Arctic  ocean — they  will  yet  become  the  out 
posts  of  my  own  country — monuments  of  the  civilization  of  the 
United  States  in  the  northwest."  So  I  look  off  on  Prince  Rupert's  land 
and  Canada,  and  see  there  an  ingenious,  enterprising  and  ambitious 
people,  occupied  with  bridging  rivers  and  constructing  canals,  rail 
roads  and  telegraphs,  to  organize  and  preserve  great  British  provinces 
north  of  the  great  lakes,  the  St.  Lawrence,  and  around  the  shores  of 
Hudson  bay,  and  I  am  able  to  say,  "  It  is  very  well,  you  are  build 
ing  excellent  states  to  be  hereafter  admitted  into  the  American  Union.'7 
I  can  look  southwest  and  see,  amid  all  the  convulsions  that  are  break 
ing  the  Spanish  American  republics,  and  in  their  rapid  decay  and  dis 
solution,  the  preparatory  stage  for  their  reorganization  in  free,  equal 
and  self-governing  members  of  the  United  States  of  America.  In 
the  same  high  range  of  vision  I  can  look  down  on  the  states  and  the 
people  of  the  Atlantic  coast  of  Maine  and  Massachusetts,  of  ISTew 
York  and  Pennsylvania,  of  Virginia  and  the  Carolinas,  and  Georgia, 
and  Louisiana,  and  Texas,  and  round  by  the  Pacific  coast  to  Califor 
nia  and  Oregon.  I  can  hear  their  disputes,  their  fretful  controver 
sies,  their  threats  that  if  their  own  separate  interests  are  not  grati 
fied  and  consulted  by  the  federal  government  they  will  separate 
from  this  Union.  I  am  able  to  say,  "peace,  be  still."  These  sub 
jects  of  contention  and  dispute  that  so  irritate  and  anger  and  pro 
voke  and  alienate  you,  are  but-  temporary  and  ephemeral.  These 
institutions  which  you  so  much  desire  to  conserve,  and  for  which 
you  think  you  would  sacrifice  the  welfare  of  the  people  of  the  con 
tinent,  are  almost  as  ephemeral  as  yourselves.  The  man  is  born  to-day 
who  will  live  to  see  the  American  Union,  the  American  people, 


334  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

coming  into  the  harmonious  understanding  that  this  is  the  land  for 
the  white  man,  and  that  whatever  elements  there  are  to  disturb  its 
present  peace  or  irritate  the  passions  of  its  possessors,  will  in  tHe 
end,  and  that  end  will  come  before  long,  pass  away,  ineffectual  in 
any  way  to  disturb  the  harmony  of,  or  endanger  the  stability  of  this 
great  Union. 

It  is  under  the  influence  of  reflections  like  these  that  I  thank  God 
here  to-day,  more  fervently  than  ever,  that  I  live  in  so  great  a 
country  as  this,  and  that  my  lot  has  been  cast  in  it,  not  before  the 
period  when  political  society  was  to  be  organized,  nor  yet  in  that 
distant  period  when  it  is  to  collapse  and  fall  into  ruin,  but  that  I 
live  in  the  very  day  and  hour  when  political  society  is  to  be  effect 
ually  organized  throughout  the  entire  continent.  We  seem  here,  and 
now  for  the  first  time,  to  be  conscious  of  that  high  necessity  which 
compels  every  state  in  the  Union  to  be,  not  separate  and  isolated,  but 
one  part  of  the  American  republic.  We  see  and  feel  more  than  ever, 
when  we  come  up  here,  that  fervent  heat  of  love  and  attachment  to 
the  region  in  which  our  lot  is  cast,  that  will  not  suffer  the  citizens  of 
Maine,  the  citizens  of  South  Carolina,  the  citizens  of  Texas,  or  the 
citizens  of  Wisconsin  or  Minnesota  to  be  aliens  to,  or  enemies  of, 
each  other,  but  which,  on  the  other  hand,  compels  them  all  to  be 
members  of  one  great  political  family.  Aye,  and  we  see  now  how 
it  is  that  while  society  is  convulsed  with  rivalries  and  jealousies 
between  native  and  foreign  born  in  our  Atlantic  cities  and  on  our 
Pacific  coast,  and  tormented  with  the  rivalries  and  jealousies  pro 
duced  by  difference  of  birth,  of  language,  and  of  religion,  here,  in 
the  central  point  of  the  republic,  the  German,  and  the  Irishman,  and 
the  Italian,  and  the  Frenchman,  the  Hollander  and  the  Norwegian, 
becomes  in  spite  of  himself,  almost  completely  in  his  own  day,  and 
entirely  in  his  own  children,  an  American  citizen.  We  see  the 
unity,  in  other  words,  that  constitutes,  and  compels  us  to  constitute, 
not  many  nations,  not  many  peoples,  but  one  nation  and  one  people 
only. 

Valetudinarians  of  the  north  have  been  in  the  habit  of  seeking 
the  sunny  skies  of  the  south  to  restore  their  wasting  frames  under 
consumption ;  and  invalids  of  the  south  have  been  accustomed  to 
seek  the  skies  of  Italy  for  the  same  relief.  Now  you  see  the  vale 
tudinarians  of  the  whole  continent,  from  the  frozen  north  and  the 
burning  south,  resort  to  the  sources  of  the  Mississippi  for  an  atmos- 


POPULAR  SOVEREIGNTY.  335 

phere  which,  shall  restore  them  to  health.  Do  you  not  see  and  feel 
here  that  this  atmosphere  has  another  virtue — that  when  men  from 
Maine,  and  from  Carolina,  and  from  Mississippi,  and  from  New 
Hampshire,  and  from  England  and  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  from  Ger 
many  and  from  all  other  portions  of  the  world  come  up  here,  the 
atmosphere  becomes  the  atmosphere  not  only  of  health,  but  of  liberty 
and  freedom  ?  Do  we  not  feel  when  we  come  up  here,  that  we  have 
not  only  found  the  temple  and  the  shrine  of  freedom,  but  that  we 
have  come  into  the  actual  living  presence  of  the  goddess  of  freedom 
herself?  Once  in  her  presence,  we  see  that  no  less  capacious  temple 
could  be  fit  for  the  worship  that  is  her  due.  I  wish,  my  fellow  citi 
zens,  that  all  my  associates  in  public  life  could  come  up  here  with 
me,  and  learn  by  experience,  as  I  have  done,  the  elevation  and 
serenity  of  soul  which  pervades  the  people  of  the  great  northwest. 
It  is  the  only  region  of  the  United  States  in  which  I  find  fraternity 
and  mutual  charity  fully  developed.  Since  I  first  set  foot  on  the 
soil  of  the  valley  of  the  Upper  Mississippi,  I  have  met  men  of  all 
sects  and  of  all  religions ;  men  of  the  republican  party  and  men  of 
the  democratic  party,  and  of  the  American  party,  and  I  have  not 
heard  one  reproachful  word,  one  intolerant  or  disdainful  sentiment; 
I  have  seen  that  you  can  differ,  and  yet  not  disagree.  I  have  seen 
that  you  can  love  your  parties  and  the  statesmen  of  your  choice, 
and  yet  love  still  more  the  country  and  its  rulers ;  the  people,  the 
sovereign  people ;  not  the  squatter  sovereigns  scattered  widecast  and 
roving  in  distant  and  remote  territories  which  you  are  never  to  enter, 
and  so  devised  that  they  may  be  sold,  and  that  the  supreme  court  of 
the  United  States  may  abolish  sovereignty  and  the  sovereigns  both 
together.  You  love  the  sovereignty  that  you  possess  yourselves, 
in  which  every  man  is  his  own  sovereign,  the  popular  sovereignty 
that  belongs  to  me  and  the  popular  sovereignty  that  belongs  to  you ; 
the  equal  popular  sovereignty  that  belongs  to  every  other  man  who 
is  under  the  government  and  protection  of  the  United  States.  Under 
the  influence  of  such  sentiments  and  feelings  as  these,  I  scarcely 
know  how  to  act  or  speak,  when  I  come  before  you  at  the  command 
of  the  republican  people  of  Minnesota  as  a  republican.  I  feel  that 
if  we  could  be  but  a  little  more  indulgent  a  little  more  patient  with 
each  other,  and  a  little  more  charitable,  all  the  grounds  on  which 
we  differ  would  disappear  and  pass  away,  just  as  popular  sovereignty 
is  passing  away ;  and  let  us  all,  though  we  cannot  confess  ourselves 


336  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

to  be  all  republicans,  at  least  agree  that  we  all  are  above  all  parties 
— American  citizens.  I  see  here,  moreover,  how  it  is,  that  in  spite 
of  sectional  and  personal  ambition,  the  form  and  body  and  spirit  of 
this  nation  organized  itself  and  consolidated  itself  out  of  the  equi 
librium  of  irrepressible  and  yet  healthful  political  counterbalancing 
forces,  and  how  out  of  that  equilibrium  it  produced  just  exactly 
that  one  thing  which  the  interests  of  this  continent  and  of  mankind 
require  should  be  developed  here — and  that  is,  a  federal  republic  of 
separate  republican  or  democratic  states.  I  see  here  how  little  you 
and  I,  and  those  who  are  wiser  and  better  and  greater  than  you  or 
I,  have  done,  and  how  little  they  can  do  to  produce  the  requisite 
political  condition  for  the  people  of  this  continent,  the  condition  of 
a  free  people.  I  see  that,  while  we  seem  to  ourselves  to  have  been 
trying  to  do  much  and  to  do  everything,  and  while  many  fancy  that 
they  have  done  a  great  deal,  yet  what  we  have  been  doing,  what  we 
now  are  doing,  what  we  shall  hereafter  do,  and  what  we  and  those 
who  may  come  after  us  shall  continue  to  be  doing,  is  just  exactly 
what  was  necessary  to  be  done,  whether  we  knew  it  or  not,  for  the 
interests  of  humanity  throughout  the  world,  and  therefore  was  cer 
tain  to  be  done,  because  necessity  is  only  another  expression  or 
name  for  the  higher  law.  God  ordains  that  what  is  useful  to  be 
done  shall  be  done.  When  I  survey  American  society  as  it  is  de 
veloping  fully  and  perfectly  here,  I  see  that  it  is  doing  what  the 
exigencies  of  political  society  throughout  the  world  have  at  last 
rendered  it  necessary  to  be  done.  Society  tried  for  six  thousand 
years  how  to  live  and  improve  and  perfect  itself  under  monarchical 
and  aristocratic  systems  of  government,  while  practising  a  system 
of  depredation  and  slavery  on  each  other.  The  result  has  been  all 
over  the  world  a  complete  and  absolute  failure.  At  last,  at  the  close 
of  the  last  century,  the  failure  was  discovered,  and  a  revelation  was 
made  of  the  necessity  of  a  system  to  which  henceforth  men  should 
cease  to  enslave  each  other,  and  should  govern  themselves. 

Nowhere,  in  Africa,  Asia,  or  in  Europe,  was  there  any  open  field 
where  this  great  new  work  of  the  organization  of  a  political  society 
under  a  more  auspicious  system  of  government,  could  be  attempted. 
They  were  all  occupied.  This  great  and  unoccupied  continent  fur 
nished  the  very  theatre  that  was  necessary  ;  and  to  it  came  all  the  bold, 
and  the  free,  and  the  brave  men  throughout  the  world,  who  feel  and 
know  that  necessity,  and  who  have  the  courage,  the  manhood,  and 


EQUAL   EIGHTS    THE    VITAL    PKINCIPLE.  337 

the  humanity  to  labor  to  produce  this  great  organization.  Provi 
dence  set  apart  this  continent  for  the  work,  and,  as  I  think,  set  apart 
and  designated  this  particular  locality  for  the  place  whence  shall  go 
forth  continually  the  ever-renewing  spirit  which  shall  bring  the 
people  of  all  other  portions  of  the  continent  up  to  a  continual  ad 
vance  in  the  establishment  of  the  system.  I  may  make  myself 
better  understood  by  saying,  that  until  the  beginning  of  the  present 
century,  men  had  lived  the  involuntary  subjects  of  political  govern 
ment,  and  that  the  time  had  come  when  mankind  could  no  longer 
consent  to  be  so  governed  by  force.  The  time  had  come  when  men 
were  to  live  voluntary  citizens  and  sovereigns  themselves  of  the 
states  which  they  possessed,  and  that  is  the  principle  of  the  govern 
ment  established  here.  It  has  only  one  vital  principle.  All  others 
are  resolved  into  it.  That  one  principle — what  is  it?  It  is  the 
equality  of  every  man  who  is  a  member  of  the  state  to  be  governed. 
If  there  be  not  absolute  political  equality  then  home  portion  of  the 
people  are  governed  by  force,  and  are  not  voluntary  citizens;  and 
whenever  any  portion  of  the  people  are  governed  by  force,  then 
you  are  carried  so  far  backward  again  toward  the  old  system  of 
involuntary  citizenship,  or  a  government  by  kings,  lords,  and  stand 
ing  armies.  This  was  the  great  necessity,  not  of  the  people  of  the 
United  States  alone — it  was  not  even  the  original  conception  of  the 
people  of  the  United  States  that  a  republican  government  was  to  be 
established  for  themselves  alone,  but  the  establishment  of  the  repub 
lican  system  of  the  United  States  of  America  was  only  bringing  out 
and  reducing  to  actual  practice  the  ideas  and  opinions  which  men 
had  already  formed,  all  over  the  civilized  world.  If  you  will  refer 
to  the  action  of  our  forefathers,  you  will  find  that  while  they  did: 
labor,  as  they  might  well  labor,  to  secure  this  government  in  its- 
republican  form  for  themselves  and  their  posterity,  yet  they  worn 
conscious  that  they  were  erecting  it  as  a  model  of  refuge  for  the 
people  of  every  nation,  kindred  and  tongue  under  heaven.  The  old 
continental  congress  of  1787  declared  that  the  interest  of  the  United 
States  was  forever  the  interest  of  human  nature,  and  that  it  was  the 
political  redemption  of  human  nature  that  was  to  be  worked  out  on 
the  continent  of  North  America;  and,  as  I  have  said,  it  is  to  be 
brought  to  its  perfection  here  in  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi. 

The  framers  of  the  republic  conceived  this  necessity — they  assumed 
this  high  responsibility.  They  never  could  have  done  so,  except 

VOL.  IV.  43 


338  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

for  the  crisis  of  the  revolution,  which  kindled  an  unknown  fire  of 
patriotism  within  the  bosom  of  the  people  and  enabled  them  for  a 
brief  period  to  elevate  themselves  up  above  temporary  and  ephemeral 
interests  and  prejudices,  and  to  rise  to  the  great  test  of  organizing 
and  constituting  a  free  and  purely  popular  government.  The  people 
understood  the  great  principle  on  which  it  was  to  be  founded — the 
political  equality  of  the  whole  people ;  and  that  they  did  so  under 
stand  it  you  will  see  in  the  fact  that  in  the  Declaration  of  Independ 
ence  they  lay  the  foundations  of  the  great  republic  on  the  great 
truth  that  all  men  are  created  equal,  and  have  inalienable  rights  to 
life,  liberty  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness.  But  it  was  not  the  good 
fortune  of  our  fathers  to  be  able  to  find  full  and  ample  materials,  all 
of  the  right  kind,  for  the  erection  of  the  temple  of  liberty,  which 
they  constructed.  Providence  has  so  ordered  it  that  uniformly  per 
fect  materials  for  any  edifice  which  the  human  mind  is  required  to 
devise,  and  the  human  hand  to  construct,  cannot  be  found  any 
where.  If  you  propose  to  build  a  lime-stone  house  here,  you  may 
excavate  the  ground  on  which  it  is  to  be  placed  and  take  from  the 
quarry  the  needed  rocks  and  lay  them  all  away  in  their  proper  places 
in  the  foundation  and  walls  and  vaulted  roof;  but  other  materials 
besides  the  lime-stone  enter  into  the  noblest  structure  you  can  make. 
There  must  be  some  lime,  and  some  sand,  and  some  iron,  and  some 
wood,  and  one  must  combine  perfect  with  imperfect  materials  to 
make  any  human  structure.  Even  the  founders  of  a  great  republic 
like  this,  wishing  and  intending  to  place  it  on  the  principle  of  the. 
equality  of  man,  had  to  take  such  materials  as  they  found.  They 
had  to  take  society  as  it  was,  in  which  some  were  free  and  some 
were  slaves,  and  to  form  a  Union  in  which  some  were  free  states  and 
some  were  slave  states.  They  had  the  ideal  before  them,  but  they 
were  unable  to  perfect  it  all  at  once.  What  did  they  do?  They 
did  as  the  architect  does  who  raises  a  structure  of  stone  and  lime, 
and  sand,  and  wood,  and  iron  ;  where  there  is  a  weakness  of  material, 
and  where  the  strength  of  the  edifice  would  be  impaired  by  it,  he 
applies  braces,  and  props,  and  bulwarks,  and  buttresses  to  strengthen 
and  fortify  so  as  to  make  the  weak  part  combine  with,  and  be  held 
together  in  solid  connection  with  the  firm  and  strong.  That  is  what 
our  fathers  intended  to  do,  and  what  they  did  do,  when  they  framed 
the  federal  government.  Seeing  this  element  of  slavery,  which  they 
could  not  eliminate,  they  said,  "  We  will  take  care  that  it  shall  not 


EQUALITY  THE   TRUE   POLICY.  339 

weaken  the  edifice  and  bring  it  down.  We  will  take  care  that 
although  we  cannot  get  rid  of  slaves  now,  the  number  of  slaves 
hereafter  shall  diminish  and  the  number  of  white  men  shall  increase, 
and  that  ultimately  the  element  of  free  white  men  shall  be  so  strong 
that  the  element  of  slavery  shall  be  inadequate  to  produce  any 
serious  danger,  calamity,  or  disaster."  How  did  they  do  this? 
They  did  it  in  a  simple  way  by  authorizing  congress  to  prohibit,  and 
practically  by  prohibiting,  the  African  slave  trade  after  the  expira 
tion  of  twenty  years  from  the  establishment  of  the  constitution; 
supposing  that  if  no  more  slaves  were  imported,  the  American 
people,  then  almost  unanimously  in  favor  of  emancipation,  would 
be  able  to  eliminate  from  the  country  the  small  amount  of  slavery 
which  would  be  left  to  decay  and  decline  for  want  of  invigoration 
by  the  African  slave  trade.  They  did  another  thing.  They  set 
apart  the  territory  northwest  of  the  Ohio  river,  nearly  all  of  the 
unoccupied  domain  of  the  United  States,  for  freemen  only,  declaring 
that  neither  slavery  nor  involuntary  servitude  should  ever  enter  on 
its  soil.  They  did  one  thing  more.  They  declared  that  congress 
should  pass  uniform  laws  of  naturalization,  so  that  when  the  impor 
tation  of  African  slaves  should  cease,  voluntary  immigration  of 
freemen  from  all  other  lands  should  be  encouraged  and  stimulated. 
Thus,  while  unable  to  exclude  slavery  from  the  system,  they  pro 
vided  for  the  rapid  development  and  perfection  of  the  principle  that 
all  men  are  born  free  and  equal. 

And  now,  fellow  citizens,  we  see  all  around  us  the  results  of  that 
wise  policy.  Certain  of  the  states  concurred  partially  in  the  policy 
of  the  fathers.  I  hardly  need  tell  you  what  states  they  were.  They 
were  Massachusetts,  Rhode  Island,  Vermont,  Connecticut,  New  York, 
New  Jersey  and  Pennsylvania.  Some  other  states  did  not.  It  is 
scarcely  necessary  to  name  them.  They  were  the  six  southern  states 
of  the  Union.  The  six  southern  states  said,  although  the  constitu 
tion  has  arrested  the  slave  trade  and  invited  emigration,  and  adopted 
the  policy  of  making  all  the  men  of  the  new  states  free  and  equal, 
yet  we  will  adhere  to  the  system  of  slavery.  You  see  how  it  has 
worked  in  the  cities  of  Boston,  New  York  and  Philadelphia.  You 
see  it  in  the  wheat  fields  of  New  York,  of  Ohio,  of  Indiana,  of  Illi 
nois,  of  Wisconsin.  You  see  it  in  the  flocks  and  herds  of  Vermont 
and  New  Hampshire ;  you  see  it  in  the  cattle  that  multiply  upon  ten 
thousand  hills  ;  you  see  it  in  the  million  of  spindles  in  the  manufac- 


340  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

tories  of  the  east,  and  in  the  forges  and  furnaces  of  Pennsylvania ;. 
you  see  it  in  the  crowded  shipping  of  New  York,  and  in  her  palaces 
and  towers,  emulating  the  magnificence  of  the  old  world,  and  grasp 
ing  for  itself  the  commerce  of  the  globe.  You  see  even  in  California 
and  Oregon  the  same  results ;  you  see  them  in  the  copper  ore  dug 
out  on  the  banks  of  lake  Superior,  the  iron  in  Pennsylvania,  the 
gypsum  in  New  York,  the  salt  in  Ohio  and  New  York,  the  lead  in 
Illinois,  and  the  silver  and  the  gold  in  the  free  states  of  the  Pacific 
coast.  In  all  these  you  see  the  fruits  of  this  policy.  Neither  in 
forest,  nor  in  mines,  nor  in  manufactories,  nor  in  workshop,  is  there 
found  one  African  slave  that  turns  a  wheel  or  supplies  the  oil  which 
keeps  the  machinery  in  motion.  On  the  other  hand,  you  see  millions' 
of  freemen  crowding  each  other  in  perpetual  waves,  rolling  over  from 
Europe  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  and  flowing  on  and  forming  great 
states  on  the  western  base  of  the  Alleghany  mountains — still  rolling 
on  again  perpetually  until  it  constitutes  new  states,  in  which  is  built 
up  here  in  Minnesota  in  nine  years,  a  capital  equal  to  the  capital 
built  in  any  slave  state  in  the  Union  in  two  hundred  years. 

You  see  here  the  fruits  of  this  great  policy  of  the  fathers.  You 
see  what  comes  of  a  wise  policy.  But  do  not  let  us  mistake  it  for 
policy.  It  is  not  mere  policy.  It  is  the  national  practice  of  simple 
justice,  of  equal  and  exact  justice  to  all  men,  for  the  freedom  which 
we  boast  so  highly,  which  we  love  so  dearly  and  so  justly,  which  we 
prefer  above  every  other  earthly  good,  and  without  which  earth  is 
unfit  for  the  habitation  of  man.  What  is  it?  Nothing  but  you 
allowing  to  me  my  rights,  and  I  allowing  to  you  equal  rights — every 
man  having  exactly  his  own — the  right  to  decide  whether  he  will 
labor  and  eat,  or  will  be  idle  and  die;  and  if  he  will  labor,  for  what 
he  will  labor,  and  for  whom  he  will  labor,  and  the  right  to  discharge 
his  employer  just  exactly  as  the  employer  can  discharge  him.  You 
see  the  fruits  of  this  policy  in  another  way.  Go  over  the  American 
continent  from  one  end  of  it  to  the  other,  wherever  the  principle  of 
equality  has  been  adopted  and  adhered  to,  and  every  citizen  of  a 
state,  and  every  citizen  of  every  other  state,  and  every  exile  from  a 
foreign  nation,  may  write,  print,  speak  and  vote  when  he  acquires  the 
right  to  vote,  just  exactly  as  he  pleases,  and  there  is  no  man  to 
molest  him,  no  man  to  terrify  him,  no  man  even  to  complain  of  him. 
Now,  on  the  other  hand,  go  into  any  state  which  has  retained  the 
principle  of  the  inequality  of  man,  and  determined  that  it  will  retain 


FKEE  SPEECH  AND  A  FREE  PRESS.  341 

it  to  the  last,  and  you  will  find  the  state  where  not  even  the  native 
born  citizen  and  slaveholder,  certainly  none  but  he,  can  express  his 
opinion  on  the  question  whether  the  African  is  or  is  not  a  descend 
ant  of  Ham,  or  whether  he  is  equal  or  inferior  to  the  white  man,  and 
if  he  be  inferior,  whether  it  is  not  therefore  the  duty  of  the  white 
man  to  enslave  him.  No,  "mum's  the  word "  for  freemen  wherever 
slavery  is  retained  and  cherished. 

Silence  on  matters  of  state,  the  absence  of  freedom  of  speech  and 
of  freedom  of  the  press — what  kind  of  freedom  is  that?  Is  there  a 
man  in  Minnesota  who  would  for  one  day  consent  to  live  in  it  if  he 
were  deprived  of  the  right  to  hurrah  for  Lincoln  and  Hamlin,  or 
hurrah  for  Douglas,  to  hurrah  for  freedom,  or  to  hurrah  for  slavery, 
just  as  he  liked?  I  think  that  these  one  hundred  and  eighty  thou 
sand  people  who  inhabit  here,  would  be  seen  moving  right  out  east 
and  west,  into  British  .North  America,  or  into  Kamtschatka,  any 
where  on  the  earth  to  get  out  of  this  luxuriant  and  beautiful  valley, 
if  any  power,  human  or  divine,  should  announce  to  them  that  hence 
forth  they  spoke  and  voted  their  real  sentiments  and  their  real  choice 
at  their  peril  of  imprisonment  or  death.  Now,  fellow  citizens,  you 
need  only  look  around  through  such  a  mass  of  American  citizens  as 
I  can  see  before  me,  and  you  may  go  over  all  the  free  states  in  the 
Union,  and  you  will  find  them  every  day  of  the  week  somewhere 
gathered  together,  expressing  their  opinions  and  preparing  to  declare 
their  will  just  exactly  as  you  are  doing.  Does  this  happen  to  be  so  ? 
Is  it  mere  chance  ?  Is  it,  indeed,  even  man's  work,  or  device,  or 
contrivance,  that  in  this  land,  on  this  side  of  the  great  lakes,  on  this 
.side  of  the  Atlantic  ocean,  on  this  side  of  the  Pacific  ocean,  men  may 
all  meet  or  may  all  stay  apart,  may  all  speak,  think,  act,  print,  write 
and  vote  just  exactly  as  they  please,  while  there  is  no  other  land  on 
the  face  of  the  earth  where  ten  men  can  be  assembled  together  to 
exercise  the  same  rights  without  being  dispersed  by  an  armed  band 
of  soldiers?  Does  it  happen  to  be  so  in  the  United  States,  or  is  it 
the  result  of  that  higher  law  controlling  the  destinies  of  races,  of 
nations,  of  men,  so  as  to  bring  out  and  perfect  here  the  model  of  what 
I  have  described  as  the  true  constitution  of  society,  of  a  self-govern 
ing  people,  on  the  principle  of  equal  and  exact  justice  to  all  classes 
and  conditions  of  men  ?  Manifestly  it  is  not  of  man's  device  or  con 
trivance,  but  it  is  the  work  of  a  superior  power  that 

-  "  shapes  our  ends. 
Rough  hew  them  how  we  will !" 


342  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

Now,  while  we  see  how  obviously  this  is  the  result  of  controlling 
necessity,  in  accordance  with  the  very  purpose  of  a  benevolent  Pro 
vidence,  how  singular  and  strange  it  is  that  so  much  pains  have  been 
taken  by  ourselves  to  defeat  and  prevent  the  organization  and  per 
fection  of  this  very  system  of  government  among  us !  What  has 
not  the  nation  seen  done  and  permitted  to  be  done  in  the  federal 
council  at  Washington  ?  They  have  permitted  statutes  to  be  made 
and  judgments  to  be  rendered  in  their  name,  declaring  that  men  are 
not  freemen,  but  that  in  certain  conditions,  and  in  certain  places, 
they  are  merchandise.  The  supreme  court  of  the  United  States  of 
America  never  rises  without  recording  judgments  and  directing 
executions  for  the  sale  of  men,  women  and  children  as  merchandise ; 
and  this  is  done  in  your  name  and  mine.  The  constitution  never 
declared,  never  intended  to  declare,  was  never  by  its  framers  under 
stood  to  declare,  that  any  man  could  be  a  chattel  or  merchandise. 
All  that  it  did  declare  was  that  all  men  should  have  rights  to  per 
sonal  security  and  personal  liberty  within  the  action  of  the  federal 
government.  You  see  how  we  have  had  new  religious  systems 
established  among  us,  teaching  that  the  African  slaves  among  us, 
nay,  all  Africans,  are  the  children  of  an  accursed  parent,  who  was 
cursed  not  only  in  his  own  person  and  in  his  own  day  and  genera 
tion,  but  in  all  his  generations,  and  teaching  that  everybody  had  a 
right  to  curse  anew  these  accursed  generations  to  the  end  of  time. 
We  have  had  religious  creeds  established  among  us,  that  it  is  our 
duty  to  capture  and  return  to  slavery  slaves  escaping  from  their 
owners,  because,  they  say,  St.  Paul  sent  back  Onesimus,  as  they  say, 
to  his  master — even  teaching  that  it  is  the  duty  of  men  and  a  free 
state,  not  only  to  submit  to  laws  passed  for  the  purpose  of  extending 
human  bondage,  but  even  personally  to  execute  them.  You  have  seen 
how,  in  a  portion  of  the  Union,  the  great  governing  race,  the  white 
man,  actually  deprive  themselves  in  a  large  degree  of  the  advantages 
of  education  and  instruction  for  greater  security  of  keeping  slaves  in 
ignorance,  so  that  schools  and  colleges  and  universities,  as  they  are 
organized  and  perfected  in  the  free  states,  and  now  in  most  of  the 
states  in  western  Europe,  are,  if  not  unpopular,  yet  feebly  maintained 
in  the  slave  states.  You  have  seen  how  we  have,  in  order  to  coun 
teract  the  policy  of  our  forefathers,  surrendered  in  1820  the  state  of 
Missouri,  and  all  that  part  of  the  territory  of  Louisiana  that  lies 
south  of  36°  30',  to  slavery,  and  contented  ourselves  with  saving  to- 


THE   EFFORTS   TO  EXTEND   SLAVERY. 

ireedom  what  lay  north  of  that  line ;  and  you  have  seen  how,  only 
forty  years  afterward,  in  order  to  counteract  and  entirely  defeat  the 
policy  of  the  fathers  in  establishing  such  institutions  as  those,  we 
surrendered  and  gave  up  the  whole  of  what  we  had  saved  in  1820, 
abandoning  Kansas  and  the  whole  of  our  possessions  from  one  end 
of  the  continent  to  the  other,  to  be  made  slave  colonies  and  slave 
states,  if  slave  owners  could  make  them  so,  and  agreeing  that  we 
would  receive  them  into  the  Union,  as  we  had  already  agreed  to 
receive  four  slave  states  out  of  Texas,  to  the  end  that  this  govern 
ment  might  not  continue  to  be,  and  develop  itself  to  be  a  government 
founded  on  the  equality  of  man,  but  should  be  and  remain  forever  a 
government  founded  on  the  principle  of  property  in  man.  You 
iiave  seen,  within  the  last  thirty  years,  how  the  congress  of  the  United 
States,  in  order  to  defeat  this  great  policy,  has  suppressed,  for  a  period 
of  nearly  ten  years,  freedom  of  debate  and  the  right  of  petition  on  the 
subject  of  slavery  in  the  house  of  representatives  and  in  the  seriate  of 
the  United  States.  You  know  now  how  the  mails  of  the  United 
States  are  subject  to  espionage,  to  the  end  that  any  paper,  or  letter, 
or  writing  that  shall  argue  for  freedom  against  slavery,  shall  be 
abstracted  and  destroyed  and  withdrawn  in  order  to  fortify  the  power 
of  slavery.  You  have  seen  the  federal  government  connive  and 
cooperate  and  combine  with  the  slave  party  in  endeavoring  to  force 
slavery  on  the  people  of  Kansas  when  they  had  refused  to  accept  it 
Did  I  say  that  you  have  seen  all  these  things  done?  I  am  sorry  to 
say  that  most  of  you  have,  at  some  time  of  your  lives,  given  your 
consent  by  your  voices,  and  even  your  votes,  that  they  should  be 
done.  They  are  our  own  work. 

The  American  people  have  adopted  these  measures  to  counteract 
and  subvert  the  very  principle  of  freedom  established  by  the  consti 
tution.  And  now,  since  so  much  has  been  done,  let  us  see  what  is 
the  result  after  all,  what  advantage  has  slavery  got,  and  what  has 
freedom  lost.  While  we  have  for  forty  years  given  our  free  consent 
that  freedom  should  be  stripped  of  everything,  and  that  slavery 
should  be  invested  with  all  power  and  domination,  why  they  have 
arrested  the  march  of  emancipation  at  the  line  of  Pennsylvania,  nnd 
have  left  the  ancient  slavery  still  lingering  in  Delaware,  Maryland, 
Virginia,  North  Carolina,  South  Carolina  and  Georgia,  and  they  have 
added  to  them  five  or  six  slave  states  in  the  southwestern  angle  of 
the  United  States.  That  is  all  that  they  have  done,  and  on  the  other 


S44  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

hand  the  great  vital  principle  of  the  republic — this  principle  of  free 
dom  and  equality — what  has  it  not  done  ?  It  has  abolished  slavery 
in  seven  of  the  original  slave  states,  and  has  produced  new  and  strong 
and  most  vigorous  and  virtuous  states,  all  along  the  shores  of  the 
great  lakes,  and  all  across  to  the  valley  of  the  Upper  Mississippi, 
and  it  has  established  freedom  beyond  the  power  of  being  overthrown, 
on  the  coast  of  the  Pacific  ocean.  Certainly,  since  we  can  lay  so 
little  claim  to  having  produced  these  results  by  our  own  work  or 
wisdom  or  virtue,  what  could  have  secured  them  but  that  overruling 
Power,  which,  by  its  higher  laws,  controls  even  the  perverse  wills  of 
men,  and  which  means  nothing  less  than  that  this  shall  be,  hence 
forth  and  forever  as  it  was  established  in  the  beginning — a  land  not 
of  slavery,  but  a  land  of  freedom. 

Either  in  one  way  or  the  other,  whether  you  agree  with  me  in 
attributing  it  to  the  interposition  of  Divine  Providence  or  not,  this 
battle  has  been  fought — this  victory  has  been  won.  Slavery  to-day 
is  for  the  first  time  not  only  powerless,  but  without  influence  in  the 
American  republic.  The  serried  ranks  of  party  after  party  which 
rallied  around  it  to  sustain  and  support  it,  are  broken  under  the 
irresistible  pressure  of  a  new  party,  organized  to  restore  freedom  to 
its  original  and  just  position  in  the  government.  For  the  first  time 
in  the  history  of  the  United  States,  no  man  in  a  free  state  can  be 
bribed  to  vote  for  slavery.  The  government  of  the  United  States 
has  not  the  power  to  make  good  a  bribe  or  a  seduction  by  which  to 
convert  whigs  or  democrats  to  support  slavery.  For  the  first  time 
in  the  history  of  the  republic,  the  slave  power  has  not  even  the 
ability  to  terrify  or  alarm  the  freeman  so  as  to  make  him  submit,  or 
even  to  compromise.  It  rails  now  with  a  feeble  voice,  instead  of 
thundering  as  it  did  in  our  ears  for  twenty  or  thirty  years  past. 
With  a  feeble  and  muttering  voice  they  cry  out  that  they  will  tear 
the  Union  to  pieces.  They  complain  that  if  we  will  not  surrender  our 
piinciples,  and  our  system,  and  our  right,  being  a  majority,  to  rule, 
and  if  we  will  not  accept  their  system  and  such  rulers  as  they  will 
give  us,  they  will  go  out  of  the  Union.  "  Who's  afraid1  ?"  No 
body's  afraid.  Nobody  can  be  bought.  Now,  fellow  citizens,  let 
me  ask  you,  since  you  are  so  prompt  at  answering,  suppose  at  any 
time  within  the  last  forty  years  we  could  have  found  the  American 
people  in  the  free  states  everywhere  just  as  they  are  in  the  free 

IHere  hundred?  of  voices  responded,  "Nobody !" 


HOW  THE  VICTORY  HAS   BEEN  WON.  345 

states  now,  in  such  a  frame  of  mind  that  there  was  no  party  that 
could  be  bought,  nobody  that  could  be  scared — how  much  sooner  do 
you  think  this  revolution  would  have  come  in  which  we  are  now 
engaged  ?  I  do  not  believe  there  has  been  one  day  from  1787  until 
now  when  slavery  had  any  power  in  the  government,  except  what 
it  derived  from  buying  up  men  of  weak  virtue,  little  principle  and 
great  cupidity,  and  terrifying  men  of  weak  nerves  in  the  free  states. 

(And  now  I  ask  what  has  made  this  great  political  change  ?  How 
is  it  that  the  American  people  who,  only  ten  years  ago,  said,  "  Take 
part  if  you  will,  take  all  if  you  must,"  who,  only  six  years  ago, 
said,  "  Take  Kansas,  carry  slavery  over  it  peacefully  if  you  can, 
forcibly  if  you  must,"  who,  when  the  widow's  lament  and  the  blood 
of  the  martyrs  of  liberty  cried  out  from  the  ground  and  appealed  to 
them  for  help  and  sympathy,  announced,  "Let  Kansas  shriek," — 
how  is  it  that  in  the  space  of  six  years  you  have  all  become  the 
whole  people  of  the  north  and  of  the  northwest,  the  whole  people 
of  the  free  states  have  become  all  at  once  so  honest  that  none 
of  them  can  be  bought,  so  brave  that  none  of  them  can  be  terrified  ? 
I  will  tell  you.  Theorists  and  visionaries  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  who, 
of  all  men  in  the  world,  were  safest  from  the  invasion  of  slavey, 
and  had  least  to  suffer  from  it,  while  these  prairies  and  fields  and 
wildernesses  were  as  yet  being  filled  up  and  unorganized,  could  not 
be  convinced  of  the  imminence  of  the  danger.  It  has  been  next  to 
impossible  to  convince  the  man  who  lives  on  the  sidewalk  in  an 
Atlantic  city,  or  even  the  farmer  in  his  field  in  Ontario,  or  Cayuga, 
or  Berks,  or  Windham,  or  Suffolk,  or  any  one  of  the  counties  of  the 
eastern  states,  that  it  was  a  matter 'of  very  great  consequence  whether 
slaves  or  freemen  constitute  the  people,  the  ruling  powers  of  the  new 
states.  But  just  in  the  right  moment  when  the  battle  was  as  good 
as  lost,  the  immigration  from  the  eastern  suites  and  from  the  old 
world,  into  Michigan  and  Wisconsin  and  Minnesota  and  Iowa,  rose 
up  in  the  exercise  and  enjoyment  of  that  freedom  which  had  been 
saved  to  them  by  the  ordinance  of  1787,  and  appreciating  its  value 
and  importance,  and  feeling  every  man  for  himself  that  he  neither 
would  be  a  slave,  nor  make  a  slave,  nor  own  a  slave,  nor  allow  any 
other  man  to  make  or  buy  or  own  a  slave  within  the  state  to  which 
they  belonged.  They  came  like  the  army  of  Blucher  to  the  rescue, 
and  the  field  of  Waterloo  was  won.  The  northwest  has  vindicated 
the  wisdom  of  the  statesmen  of  1787,  and  the  virtue  of  the  Ameri- 

VOL.  IV.  44 


346  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

can  people ;  and  now,  since  you  were  so  determined  that  slavery 
should  be  arrested,  and  that  freedom  should  henceforth  be  national 
and  slavery  only  sectional,  we  of  the  Atlantic  states  are  becoming 
just  as  honest  and  just  as  brave  as  you  are. 

But  I  must  not  be  misinterpreted.  I  have  said  that  this  battle 
was  fought  and  this  victory  won.  I  said  so  in  the  senate  of  the 
United  States  four  years  ago,  and  I  was  thought  to  have  thereby 
been  demoralizing  instead  of  encouraging  the  great  army  of  freedom 
to  consummate  its  triumph.  I  knew  better.  I  knew  that  men  work 
all  the  better  and  all  the  braver  when  they  have  hope  and  confi 
dence  of  success  and  triumph  instead  of  contending  under  the  influ 
ence  of  despondency  or  despair.  This  battle  is  fought  and  this 
victory  is  won,  provided  nevertheless  that  you  remain  determined 
to  maintain  the  great  republican  party  under  its  great  and  glorious 
leader,  Abraham  Lincoln,  in  inaugurating  its  principles  into  the 
administration  of  the  government,  and  provided  you  stand  by  him 
in  his  administration,  if  it  shall  be,  as  I  trust  it  will,  a  wise  and  just 
and  good  one,  until  the  adversary  shall  find  out  that  he  has  been 
beaten,  and  shall  voluntarily  retire  from  the  field.  Unless  you  do 
that  there  still  is  danger  that  all  that  has  been  gained  may  be  lost. 

There  is  one  danger  remaining — one  only.  Slavery  can  never 
more  force  itself,  or  be  forced,  from  the  stock  that  exists  among  us 
into  the  territories  of  the  United  States.  But  the  cupidity  of  trade 
and  the  ambition  of  those  whose  interests  are  identified  with  slavery, 
are  such  that  they  may  clandestinely  and  surreptitiously  reopen,  either 
within  the  forms  of  law  or  without  them,  the  African  slave  trade, 
and  may  bring  in  new  cargoes  of  African  slaves  at  one  hundred  dol 
lars  a  head,  and  scatter  them  into  the  territories,  and  once  getting 
possession  of  new  domain  they  may  again  renew  their  operations 
against  the  patriotism  of  the  American  people.  Therefore  it  is  I 
enjoin  upon  you  all  to  regard  yourselves  as  men  who,  although  you 
have  achieved  the  victory  and  are  entitled  even  now,  it  seems,  to 
laurels,  are  nevertheless  enlisted  for  the  war  and  for  your  natural 
lives.  You  are  committed  to  maintain  the  great  policy  until  it  shall 
have  been  so  firmly  established  in  the  hearts  and  wills  and  affections 
of  the  American  people,  that  there  shall  never  be  again  a  departure 
from  it.  We  look  to  you  of  the  northwest  to  finally  decide  whether 
this  ;s  to  be  a  land  of  slavery  or  of  freedom.  The  people  of  the 
northwest  are  to  be  the  arbiters  of  its  destiny  ;  the  virtue  that  is  to 


THE   DESTINY   OF   MINNESOTA.  347 

save  the  nation  must  reside  in  the  northwest,  for  the  simple  reason 
that  it  is  not  the  people  who  live  on  the  sidewalks  and  who  deal  in 
merchandise  on  the  Atlantic  or  the  Pacific  coasts,  that  exercise  the 
power  of  government,  of  sovereignty,  in  the  United  States.  The 
political  power  of  the  United  States  resides  in  the  owners  of  the 
land  of  the  United  States.  The  owners  of  workshops  and  of  the 
banks  are  in  the  east,  and  the  owners  of  the  gold  mines  are  in 
the  far  west;  but  the  owners  of  the  land  of  the  United  States  are  to 
be  found  along  the  shores  of  the  Mississippi  river,  from  New  Orleans 
to  the  source  of  the  great  river  and  the  great  lakes.  On  both  sides 
of  the  noble  flood  are  the  people  who  hold  in  their  hands  the  des 
tinies  of  the  republic. 

I  have  been  asked  by  many  of  you  what  I  think  of  Minnesota. 
I  will  not  enlarge  further  than  to  say,  that  Minnesota  must  be  either 
a  great  state  or  a  mean  one,  just  as  her  people  shall  have  wisdom 
and  virtue  to  decide.  That  some  great  states  are  to  be  built  up  in 
the  Mississippi  valley,  I  know.  You  will  no  longer  hereafter  hear 
of  the  "  Old  Dominion  "  state.  Dominion  has  been  passing  away 
from  Virginia  long  ago.  Pennsylvania  is  no  longer  the  "  Keystone  " 
of  the  American  Union,  for  the  arch  has  been  extended  from  the 
Atlantic  coast  to  the  Pacific  ocean,  and  the  center  of  the  arch  is 
moved  westward  also ;  a  new  keystone  is  to  be  inserted  in  that  aivh. 
New  York  will  cease  to  be  the  "  Empire  State,"  and  a  new  Empire 
State  will  grow  up  in  a  northern  latitude,  where  the  lands  are  rich, 
and  where  the  people  who  cultivate  them  are  all  free  and  all  equal ; 
where  the  wealth  of  the  continent  is  made,  not  where  it  is  exchanged. 
That  state  which  shall  be  truest  to  the  great  fundamental  principle 
of  the  government,  the  principle  of  equality,  that  state  which  shall 
be  most  faithful,  most  vigorous  in  developing  and  perfecting  society 
on  this  principle,  will  be  at  once  the  New  Dominion  State,  the  new 
Keystone  State,  the  new  Empire  State.  If  there  is  any  state  in 
the  northwest  that  has  been  kinder  to  me  than  the  state  of  Minnesota, 
and  if  such  a  consideration  could  influence  me,  then  I  perhaps  might 
have  a  sympathy  with  the  emulation  of  some  other  state.  I  will 
only  say  that  every  man  who  has  an  honest  heart  and  a  clear  head, 
can  see  that  these  proud  distinctions  are  within  the  grasp  of  the  peo 
ple  of  Minnesota,  and  every  generous  heart  will  be  willing  to  give 
her  a  fair  chance  to  secure  them. 


THE  NATIONAL  IDEA;   ITS  PEEILS  AND   TEIUMPHS. 

CHICAGO,  OCTOBER  3,  1860. 

HAIL  to  the  state  of  Illinois !  whose  iron  roads  form  the  spinal 
column  of  that  system  of  internal  continental  trade  which  surpasses 
all  the  foreign  commerce  of  the  country,  and  has  no  parallel  or  imi 
tation  in  any  other  country  on  the  face  of  the  globe. 

Hail  to  Chicago !  the  heart  which  supplies  life  to  this  great  system 
of  railroads — Chicago,  the  last  and  most  wonderful  of  all  the  mar 
velous  creations  of  civilization  in  North  America. 

Hail  to  this  council  chamber  of  the  great  republican  party !  justly 
adapted,  by  its  vastness  and  its  simplicity,  to  its  great  purposes — 
the  hall  where  the  representatives  of  freemen  framed  that  creed  of 
republican  faith  which  carries  healing  for  the  relief  of  a  disordered 
nation.  Woe !  woe !  be  to  him  who  shall  add  or  shall  subtract  one 
word  from  that  simple,  sublime,  truthful,  beneficent  creed. 1 

Hail  to  the  representatives  of  the  republican  party !  chosen  here 
by  the  republicans  of  the  United  States,  and  placed  upon  the  plat 
form  of  that  creed.  Happy  shall  he  be  who  shall  give  them  his 
suffrage.  If  he  be  an  old  man,  he  shall  show  the  virtue  of  wisdom 
acquired  by  experience.  If  he  be  a  young  man,  he  shall  in  all  his 
Doming  years  tell  his  fellow  men  with  pride,  "I,  too,  voted  for 
Abraham  Lincoln." 

That  republican  creed  is  nevertheless  no  partisan  creed.  It  is  a 
national  faith,  because  it  is  the  embodiment  of  the  one  life  sustaining, 
life- expanding  idea  of  the  American  republic.  What  is  the  idea 
more  or  less  than  simply  this :  That  civilization  -is  to  be  maintained 
•and  carried  on  upon  this  continent  by  federal  states,  based  upon  the 
principles  of  free  soil,  free  labor,  free  speech,  equal  rights,  and  uni 
versal  suffrage  ? 

This  is  no  new  idea.  This  idea  had  its  first  utterance,  and  the 
boldest  and  clearest  of  all  the  utterances  it  has  ever  received,  in  tho 

1  See  Memoir,  ante,  page  76. 


THE   GREAT  NATIONAL   IDEA. 

very  few  words  that  were  spoken  by  this  nation  when  it  came  before 
the  world,  took  its  place  upon  the  stage  of  human  action,  asserted  its 
independence  in  the  fear  of  God,  and  in  full  confidence  of  the 
approval  of  mankind,  and  declared  that  henceforth  it  held  those  to 
be  its  enemies  who  should  oppose  it  in  war,  and  those  to  be  its 
friends  who  should  maintain  with  it  relations  of  peace.  That  utter 
ance  was  expressed  in  these  simple  words :  "We  hold  these  truths 
to  be  self-evident — that  all  men  are  created  equal,  and  have  the 
inalienable  right  to  life,  liberty  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness."  This 
great  national  idea  has  been  working  out  its  fruits  ever  since.  Its 
work  is  seen  in  the  perfect  acceptance  of  it  by  eighteen  of  the  thirty- 
four  states  of  the  Union — or  seventeen  of  the  thirty-three,  if  Kansas 
is  to  be  considered  out.  It  is  asserting  itself  in  the  establishment  of 
new  states  throughout  the  west,  as  it  has  revolutionized  and  is  revo 
lutionizing  all  of  western  and  southern  Europe.  Why  is  this  idea 
so  effective  ?  It  is  because  it  is  the  one  chief  living,  burning,  inex 
tinguishable  thought  of  human  nature  itself,  entertained  by  man  in 
every  age  and  in  every  clime. 

This  national  idea  works  not  unopposed.  Every  good  and  virtu 
ous  and  benevolent  principle  in  nature  has  its  antagonist,  and  this 
great  national  idea  works  in  perpetual  opposition — I  may  be  allowed 
to  say  in  irrepressible  conflict — with  an  erroneous,  a  deceitful,  a 
delusive  idea.  Do  you  ask  what  that  delusive  idea  is?  It  is  the 
idea  that  civilization  ought  and  can  be  effected  on  this  continent  by 
this  same  form  of  federal  states,  based  on  the  principles  of  slave 
labor — of  African  slave  labor,  of  unequal  rights  and  unequal  repre 
sentation,  resulting  in  unequal  suffrage. 

Can  it  be  that  this  great  creed  of  ours  needs  exposition  or  defense  ? 
It  seems  to  me  so  evidently  just  and  true,  that  it  requires  no  expo 
sition  and  needs  no  defense.  Certainly  in  foreign  countries  it  needs 
none.  In  Scotland,  or  France,  or  Germany,  or  Russia,  on  the  shores 
of  the  Mediterranean,  in  Europe,  or  in  Asia,  or  in  Africa,  you  will 
never  find  one  human  being  who  denies  the  truth  and  the  justice  of 
this  our  national  idea  of  the  equality  of  men.  It  needs  no  exposition 
anywhere.  It  is  one  of  those  propositions  that  when  addressed  to 
thoughtful  men  needs  no  explanation  or  defense.  And  why  not? 

Here  we  can  see  for  ourselves  this  mean  and  miserable  stream  of 
black  African  slavery  stealing  along,  turbid  and  muddy,  as  it  is  drawn 
from  its  stagnant  source  in  the  slave  states ;  we  see  that  it  is  pesti- 


350  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

lential  in  the  atmosphere ^it  passes  through;  we  can  see  how  inade 
quate  it  is  and  unfit  to  irrigate  a  whole  continent  with  the  living 
waters  of  health  and  life ;  we  can  see  how  it  is  that  everything  within 
its  sphere  withers  and  droops ;  while  on  the  other  hand,  we  can  also 
see  free  labor  as  it  descends  the  mountain  sides  in  torrents,  is  then 
gathered  in  rivulets,  which,  increasing  always  in  volume  and  power, 
spread  all  over  the  land.  We  can  well  see,  by  the  effects  it  has 
already  produced,  how  it  irrigates  and  must  continue  to  irrigate  this 
whole  continent;  how  every  good  and  virtuous  thing  lives  and 
breathes  by  its  support.  We  see  the  magical  fertility  which  results 
from  its  presence,  because  it  is  around  us  and  before  us. 

We  sometimes  hear  an  argument  for  a  political  proposition  made 
in  this  form:  One  offers  to  "  take  a  thing  to  be  done  by  the  job." 
Let  us  imagine  for  a  moment  that  there  could  be  one  man  bold 
enough,  great  enough,  and  wise  enough  to  take  "by  the  job"  the 
work  of  establishing  civilization  over  this  broad  continent  of  North 
America.  He  would  of  course  want  to  do  it  in  the  shortest  time,  at 
the  cheapest  expense  and  in  the  best  manner.  Now,  would  such  a 
contractor  ever  dream  of  importing  African  barbarians,  or  of  taking 
their  children  or  descendants  in  this  country  to  build  up  and  people 
great  free  states  all  over  this  land,  from  the  Alleghany  mountains  to 
the  Pacific  ocean  ?  Would  be  not,  on  the  contrary,  accept,  as  the 
rightful,  natural,  healthful  and  best  possible  agency  which  he  could 
select,  the  free  labor  of  free  men,  the  minds,  the  thoughts,  the  wills, 
the  purposes,  the  ambitions  of  enlightened  freemen,  such  as  we  claim 
ourselves  to  be  ?  Would  he  not  receive  all  who  claimed  to  aid  in 
such  services  as  these,  whether  they  were  born  on  this  soil  or  cradled 
in  foreign  lands  ? 

I  care  not  when  reckless  men  say,  in  the  heat  of  debate,  or  under 
the  influence  of  interest,  passion  or  prejudice,  that  it  is  a  matter  of 
indifference  whether  slavery  shall  pervade  the  whole  land,  or  a  part 
of  the  land,  and  freedom  the  residue ;  that  freedom  and  slavery  may 
take  their  chances ;  that  they  "  don't  care  whether  slavery  is  voted 
up  or  down."  There  is  no  man  who  has  an  enlightened  conscience 
who  is  indifferent  on  the  subject  of  human  bondage.  There  is  no 
man  who  is  enlightened  and  honest,  who  would  not  abate  part  of 
his  worldly  wealth,  if  he  could  thereby  convert  this  land  from  aland 
cursed  in  whole  or  in  part  with  slavery,  into  a  land  of  equal  and 
impartial  liberty.  And  I  will  tell  you  how  I  know  this  :  I  know  it 


THE   GREAT   NATIONAL   IDEA.  351 

because  every  man  demands  freedom  for  himself,  and  refuses  to  be  a 
slave.  No  free  man,  who  is  a  man,  would  consent  to  be  a  slave. 
Every  slave  who  has  any  manhood  in  hirn  desires  to  be  free;  every 
man  who  has  an  unperverted  reason,  laments,  condemns  and  deplores 
the  practice  of  commerce  in  man.  The  executioner  is  always  odious, 
even  though  his  task  is  necessary  to  the  administration  of  justice. 
We  turn  with  horror  and  disgust  from  him  who  wields  the  ax.  So 
the  slaveholder  turns  with  disgust  from  the  auctioneer  who  sells  the 
man  and  woman  whom  he  has  reared  and  held  in  slavery,  although 
he  receives  the  profits  of  the  sale  into  his  own  coffers. 

I  know  this  national  idea  of  ours  is  just  and  right  for  another 
reason.  It  is  that  in  the  whole  history  of  society  human  nature  has 
never,  never  honored  one  man  who  reduced  another  man  to  bondage. 
The  world  is  full  of  monuments  in  honor  of  men  who  have  delivered 
their  fellow  men  from  slavery. 

Since  this  idea  is  self-evidently  just,  and  is  of  itself  pure,  peace 
able,  gentle,  easy  to  be  entreated  and  full  of  good  works,  will  you 
tell  me  why  it  is  that  it  has  not  been  fully  accepted  by  the  American 
people  ?  Alas  !  that  it  should  be  so.  Perhaps  I  can  throw  light  on 
that  by  asking  another  question.  Is  not  Christianity  pure,  peace 
able,  gentle,  easy  to  be  entreated  and  full  of  good  works  ?  and  yet 
is  not  the  church  of  Jesus  Christ  still  a  church  militant?  Alas! 
that  it  should  be  so.  Christianty  explains  for  herself  how  it  is  that 
she  is  rejected  of  men.  She  says  it  is  because  men  love  darkness 
rather  than  light,  because  their  deeds  are  evil.  I  shall  not  say  this 
in  regard  to  the  subject  of  freedom.  I  know  better.  I  know  that 
my  countrymen  love  light,  not  darkness.  They  are  even  in  the  state 
and  disposition  of  the  Roman  governor,  "  almost  thou  persuadest  me 
to  be  a  Christian,"  and  almost  the  American  people  are  persuaded 
to  be  republicans.  Why,  then,  are  they  not  altogether  persuaded  ? 
The  answer  cannot  be  given  without  some  reflection.  It  involves  an 
examination  of  our  national  conduct  and  life. 

The  reason  why  the  country  is  only  almost  and  not  altogether 
persuaded  to  be  republican,  is  because  the  national  sense  and  judg 
ment  have  been  perverted.  We  inherited  slavery ;  it  is  organized 
into  our  national  life — into  our  forms  of  government.  It  exists 
among  us,  unsuspected  in  its  evils,  because  we  have  become  accus 
tomed,  by  national  habit,  to  endure  and  tolerate  slavery.  The  effect 
of  this  habit  arising  from  the  presence  of  slavery,  is  to  produce  a 


352  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

want  of  moral  courage  among  the  people  and  an  indisposition  to 
entertain  and  examine  the  subject.  It  is  not,  however,  the  fault  of 
the  people.  This  lack  of  moral  courage  is  chiefly  the  fault  of  the 
political  representatives  of  the  people.  In  every  district  in  the 
United  States,  and  for  every  seat  in  congress,  the  people  might  select 
men  apparently  as  brave,  as  truthful,  as  fearless  and  as  firm  as  Owen 
Lovejoy.  Yet,  you  may  fill  the  halls  of  congress  with  men  from  all 
the  free  states  who  seem  to  be  as  reliable  as  Owen  Lovejoy ;  but 
on  the  clangor  of  the  slavery  bugle  in  the  hall  they  begin  to  waver 
and  fail.  They  retire.  They  suffer  themselves  to  be  demoralized ; 
and  they  return  to  demoralize  the  people.  Slavery  never  hesitates 
to  raise  the  clangor  of  the  trumpets  to  terrify  the  timid. 

Slavery  has,  too,  another  argument  for  the  timid ;  it  is  power. 
The  concentration  of  slavery  gives  it  a  fearful  political  power.  You 
know  how  long  it  has  been  the  controlling  power  in  the  executive 
department  of  the  government.  Slavery  uses  that  power,  as  might 
be  expected — to  punish  those  who  oppose  it,  to  reward  those  who 
serve  it.  All  representatives  are  naturally  ambitious ;  all  representa- 
tatives  like  fame ;  if  they  do  not  like  pecuniary  rewards,  they  like 
the  distinctions  of  place.  They  like  to  be  popular.  When  the 
people  are  demoralized,  he  who  is  constant  becomes  offensive  and 
obnoxious ;  he  loses  position  and  the  party  chooses  some  other  rep 
resentative  who  will  be  less  obnoxious.  These  demoralized  repre 
sentatives  inculcate  among  the  people  pernicious  lessons  and  sustain 
themselves  by  adopting  compromises.  They  compromise  so  far,  if 
possible,  as  to  save  place  and  a  show  of  principle  ;  they  save  them 
selves  first,  and  let  freedom  take  her  chances. 

A  community  thus  demoralized  by  its  representatives  is  fearful 
of  considering  the  subject  of  slavery  at  all.  It  does  not  like  to  look 
back  upon  its  record ;  it  does  not  dare  to  look  forward  to  see  what 
are  to  be  the  consequences  of  errors.  It  desires  peace  and  quiet. 
We  shall  see  in  a  moment  what  fearful  sacrifices  have  been  made 
under  the  influence  of  this  demoralization  by  the  power  of  the 
government. 

The  first  act  of  demoralization  was  to  surrender  the  territory  of 
Arkansas  and  the  territory  of  Missouri  to  slavery,  and  also  by  im 
plication  all  the  rest  of  the  territory  of  Louisiana  acquired  by 
purchase  from  France,  that  lay  south  of  thirty-six  degrees  thirty 
minutes  north  latitude.  Take  up  your  maps  when  you  go  homer 


THE  COUNTRY  DEMORALIZED.  353 

and  observe  what  a  broad  belt  of  country,  lying  south  of  that  line, 
was  surrendered,  with  the  states  of  Missouri  and  Arkansas,  to 
slavery.  Next,  under  the  influence  of  this  same  demoralization,  the 
whole  of  the  peninsula  of  Florida  acquired  from  Spain,  was  surren 
dered  to  slavery,  rendering  it  practically  useless  for  all  the  national 
purposes  for  which  it  was  acquired,  making  it  a  burden  instead  of 
a  blessing,  a  danger  instead  of  a  national  safe-guard  in  the  gulf  of 
Mexico. 

Then  Texas  was  surrendered  to  slavery  and  brought  in  with  the 
gratuitous  agreement  that  four  slave  states  should  be  made  out  of 
that  territory.  Next,  in  1850,  Utah  and  New  Mexico  were  abandoned 
to  slavery.  After  these  events,  following  in  quick  succession,  came 
the  abrogation,  in  the  year  1854,  of  the  restriction  contained  in  the 
Missouri  compromise,  by  which  it  had  been  stipulated  that  all  north 
of  thirty-six  degrees  thirty  minutes,  excepting  the  state  of  Missouri, 
should  be  dedicated  to  freedom.  That  was  abandoned  to  slavery  to 
take  it  if  she  could  get  it ;  and  the  administration  of  the  government 
of  the  United  States,  with  scarcely  a  protest  from  the  people,  went 
on  to  favor  its  occupation  by  slavery.  As  a  legitimate  consequence 
came  the  refusal,  on  the  part  of  the  national  government — for  it  was 
a  practical  refusal — to  admit  Kansas  into  the  Union  because  she 
would  not  accept  slavery. 

After  these  measures,  what  right  had  the  nation  to  be  surprised 
when  the  president  and  the  supreme  court  at  last  pronounced  that 
which  in  no  previous  year  either  of  them  would  have  dared  to  assert 
— that  this  constitution  of  ours  is  not  a  constitution  of  liberty,  but 
that  it  is  a  constitution  of  human  bondage  ;  that  slavery  is  the 
normal  condition  of  the  American  people  on  each  acre  of  the  domain 
of  the  United  States  not  organized  into  states — that  is  to  say,  that 
wherever  this  banner  of  ours,  this  star  spangled  banner,  whose-' 
glories  we  celebrate  so  highly — wherever  that  banner  floats  over  a 
national  ship  or  a  national  territory,  there  is  a  land,  not  of  freedom, 
but  of  slavery  ! 

Thus  it  has  happened,  that  the  nation  up  to  1854  surrendered  all 
the  unoccupied  portions  of  this  continent  to  slavery,  and  thereby 
practically  excluded  freemen — because  experience  shows  that  when 
you  have  made  a  slave  territory,  freedom  avoids  it;  just  as  much 
as  when  you  make  a  free  state,  like  Kansas,  shivery  disappears 
from  it. 

VOL.  IV.  45 


354  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

I  have  said  tbat  the  country  was  demoralized  by  its  political  rep 
resentatives ;  but  these  political  representatives  have  their  agents. 
All  men  necessarily  flill  into  some  political  part}^  and  into  some 
political  parties  and  religious  sects.  To  gain  office  in  a  political 
party  and  share  its  favors,  when  the  nation  was  demoralized  it  be 
came  necessary  that  the  candidate  should  be  tolerant  of  slavery.  So 
religious  sects  were  ambitious  to  extend  their  ecclesiastical  sway. 
The  consequence  was  that  year  by  year  slavery  had  always  a  party  ; 
slavery  had  religious  sect  upon  religious  sect;  church  after  church, 
But  alas !  until  the  dawn  of  that  memorable  year  1854  freedom  had 
no  party  and  no  religious  sect  throughout  this  whole  country. 

A  people  who  are  demoralized  are  every  day  more  easily  operated 
upon ;  they  are  easily  kept  persistently  in  the  same  erroneous  habit 
which  has  demoralized  them.  The  first  practice  for  continuing  to 
extend  the  power  of  slavery  upon  this  continent,  is  that  of  alarm. 
Fears  of  all  kinds  are  awakened  in  the  public  mind.  The  chief  of 
them  is  the  fear  of  turbulence,  of  disorder,  of  civil  commotions,  and 
of  civil  war.  The  slaveholders  in  the  slave  states  very  justly, 
and  truthfully,  and  rightfully  assume  that  slaves  are  the  natural 
enemies  of  their  masters;  and,  of  course,  that  slaves  are  insidious 
enemies  of  the  state  which  holds  them,  or  requires  them  to  be  held 
in  bondage ;  that  insidious  enemies  are  dangerous ;  and,  therefore, 
in  every  slave  state  that  has  ever  been  founded 'in  this  country,  a 
policy  is  established  which  suppresses  freedom  of  speech  and  free 
dom  of  debate,  so  far  as  liberty  needs  advocates,  while  it  extends 
the  largest  license  of  debate  to  those  who  advocate  the  interests  of 
slavery.  This  lack  of  freedom  of  speech  and  freedom  of  debate  is 
followed  in  slave  states  by  the  necessary  consequence,  that  there  is  no 
freedom  of  suffrage.  So  that  at  the  last  presidential  election — the 
first  when  this  question  was  ever  distinctly  brought  before  the 
American  people — there  were  no  slave  states  in  which  a  ballot-box 
was  open  for  freedom,  or  where  free  men  might  cast  their  ballots 
•with  safety.  If  one  side  only  is  allowed  to  vote  in  a  state,  it  is  very 
easy  to  see  that  that  side  must  prevail. 

If  the  condition  of  civil  society  is  such  that  voting  is  not  to  be 
done  safely,  few  men  will  vote.  Every  man  who  wishes,  perhaps 
only  consents,  to  express  his  choice  is  not  expected  to  be  a  martyr. 
The  world  produces  but  few  men  willing  to  be  martyrs,  my  friends, 
and  I  am  sorry  to  say  they  have  not  been  very  numerous  in  our 


THE  COUNTRY  DEMORALIZED.  355 

day.  Nearly  one-half  of  the  United  States,  then — that  is,  all  the 
slave  states — are  at  once  to  be  arrayed  on  the  side  of  slavery ;  and 
behold  then !  they  tell  us  that  republicanism,  which  invites  them  to 
discuss  the  subject,  is  sectional,  and  they  are  national.  But  the 
slave  states  are  not  willing  to  rest  content  with  this  exclusion  of  all 
freedom,  of  suffrage,  of  speech  and  of  debate  on  the  subject  of  slavery 
within  their  own  jurisdiction,  but  they  require  the  free  states  to 
accept  the  same  system  for  themselves.  They  insist  that  although 
they  may  be  able  at  home  to  keep  down  their  slaves  if  we  will  be 
quiet,  yet  they  cannot  tolerate  a  discussion  of  slavery  in  the  free 
states,  as  we  thereby  encourage  the  slaves  in  the  slave  states  to  insur 
rection  and  sedition.  Lest  this  argument  might  fail  to  reach  and 
convince  us,  inasmuch  as  we,  ourselves,  are  safe  from  any  danger  to 
result  from  insurrection  in  the  slave  states,  they  bring  it  home  to 
our  fears  by  declaring  that  their  peace  is  of  more  importance  than 
the  interest  of  the  nation  ;  that  they  prefer  slavery  even  to  Union ; 
that  if  we  will  not  acquiesce  in  allowing  them  to  maintain,  fortify 
and  extend  slavery,  then  they  will  dissolve  the  Union,  and  we  must 
all  go  down  together,  or  all  suffer  a  common  desolation.  There  are 
few  men — and  there  ought  to  be  few — who  would  be  so  intent  on 
the  subject  of  establishing  freedom  that  they  would  consent  to  a 
subversion  of  the  Union  to  produce  it,  because  the  Union  is  a  posi 
tive  benefit,  nay,  an  absolute  necessity,  and  to  save  the  Union,  men 
may  naturally  dare  to  delay.  Most  men,  therefore,  very  cheerfully 
prefer  to  let  the  subject  of  slavery  rest  for  some  better  time — for 
some  better  occasion — for  some  more  fortunate  circumstance,  and 
they  are  content  to  keep  the  Union  with  slavery  if  it  cannot  be  kept 
otherwise. 

You  see  how  this  has  worked  in  demoralizing  the  American 
people.  Less  than  thirty  years  ago  the  governor  of  Massachusetts" 
— that  first  and  freest  of  the  states — actually  recommended  the  leg 
islature  to  pass  laws  which  would  delare  that  the  meetings  of  citizens 
held  to  discuss  the  subject  of  slavery  should  be  deemed  seditious, 
and  should  be  dissolved  by  the  police !  The  governor  of  the  state 
of  New  York,  who  preceded  me  in  that  high  office,  during  his  ad 
ministration,  and  within  your  own  lifetime  and  mine,  actually  made 
the  same  recommendation  to  the  legislature  of  that  state.  What 
was  recommended,  but  not  carried  out  in  those  states  by  law,  became 
a  custom  and  practice ;  for,  as  you  know,  when  the  laws  did  not 


356  POLITICAL   SPEECHES 

dissolve  the  public  assembly,  there  was  a  period  of  near  twenty 
years  in  which  no  meeting  of  men  opposed  to  the  extension  or 
aggrandizement  of  slavery,  could  be  held  without  being  dispersed  by 
the  mob,  acting  in  harmony  with  the  general  opinion  of  the  country. 

When  the  people  of  the  free  states  were  thus  demoralized,  what 
wonder  is  it,  that  for  twelve  years  all  debate  in  congress  on  the  sub 
ject  of  slavery  or  the  presentation  of  the  subject  by  the  people  even 
in  the  form  of  a  petition,  was  repressed  and  trampled  under  footr 
and  remained  there  until  John  Quincy  Adams  at  last  rallied  a  party 
around  him,  strong  enough  to  restore  freedom  of  debate  in  the  house 
of  representatives !  What  wonder  is  it  that  within  the  last  year,  in 
the  very  face  of  the  organization,  and  the  onward  march  of  the 
republican  party,  the  administration  of  the  federal  government  has 
actually,  by  its  officers,  appointed  in  compliance  with  the  dictation 
of  the  slaveholders,  abandoned  the  federal  mails  to  the  inspection 
and  surveillance  of  the  magistrates  of  the  slave  states  ;  so  that  they 
may  abstract  and  commit  to  the  flames  every  word  that  any  states 
man  may  speak,  however  eloquent,  able,  truthful  or  moderate,  in  the 
halls  of  congress  against  slavery  and  in  favor  of  freedom. 

This,  fellow  citizens,  is  your  government.  This  is  the  condition 
in  which  you  are  placed,  I  am  sorry  to  say — but  I  like  to  be  truth- 
fa! — that  I  have  no  especial  compliments  for  you  of  the  state  of 
Illinois,  on  this  subject;  for  in  this  long  catalogue  of  extraordinary 
concessions  to  slavery,  under  the  influence  of  fear,  I  think  the  very 
first  protest  that  ever  came  from  the  state  of  Illinois  was  as  late  as  the 
year  1855 ;  after  all  the  most  atrocious  concessions  had  been  made. 
You  sent  two  senators  to  congress ;  you  insisted  upon  extending 
the  Wilmot  proviso  over  the  territory  acquired  from  Spain.  How 
did  they  do  it?  They  voted  for  the  Wilmot  proviso  under  your 
instructions,  and  they  voted  against  it  without  instructions,  when  it 
came  to  the  practical  test.  I  think  you  made  no  protest  until  Mr. 
Douglas  demanded  one  single  and  last  concession  "for  the  purpose," 
as  he  said,  "of  excluding  the  whole  subject  from  congress."  That 
was  the  abrogation  of  the  Missouri  compromise,  containing  the 
restrictions  for  the  protection  of  freedom  in  the  territories  of  Kansas 
and  Nebraska.  Then  you  sent  a  noble  representative  to  the  senate 
in  the  person  of  Judge  Trumbull. 

I  marveled  when  I  rose  here  before  you  to-day  and  saw  this 
immense  assemblage,  which  no  edifice,  but  only  the  streets,  of  Chicago 


THE   CHURCH   DEMORALIZED.  357 

could  hold,  and  I  wondered  how  it  would  have  been  had 'I  come 
here  in  1850,  or  even  at  any  later  day  before  the  abrogation  of  the 
Missouri  compromise. 

But  let  by-gones  be  by-gones.  I  have  seen  the  time  when 
I  had  as  little  cpurage  and  as  little  resolution  on  this  subject  as 
most  of  you.  I  was  born  into  the  demoralization — I  was  born  a 
slaveholder,  and  have  some  excuse,  which  you  have  not.  All  these 
things  were  done,  not  because  you  loved  slavery,  but  because  you 
loved  the  Union. 

/When  slavery  became  identical  in  the  public  mind  with  the  Union, 
how  natural  it  was,  even  for  patriotic  men,  to  approve  of,  or  to  at 
least  excuse  and  tolerate  slavery.  How  odious  did  it  become  for 
men  to  be  freesoilers,  and  be  regarded  as  abolitionists,  when  to  be 
an  abolitionist  was,  in  the  estimation  of  mankind,  to  be  a  traitor  to 
one's  country,  and  to  such  a  country  as  this  is.  How  natural  was  it 
then  to  believe  that  slavery  after  all  might  not  be  so  very  bad,  and 
to  believe  that  it  might  be  necessary  and  might  be  right  at  some 
times,  or  on  some  occasions,  which  times  and  occasions  were  always 
a  good  way  off  from  themselves;  especially,  how  natural  was  it, 
when  the  whole  Christian  church,  with  all  its  sects,  bent' itself  to  the 
support  of  the  Union,  mistaking  the  claim  of  slavery  for  the  cause 
of  the  Union. 

How  extensive  this  proscription  for  the  sake  and  in  the  name  of 
Union,  has  been  and  is  to  this  day,  you  will  see  at  once  when  I  tell 
3^ou  that  there  is  not  in  this  whole  republic,  from  one  end  of  it  to  the 
other,  a  man  who  maintains  that  slavery  shall  not  be  extended,  who 
can  secure,  at  the  hands  of  his  country,  any  part  in  the  administra 
tion  of  its  government  from  a  tide-waiter  in  the  custom  house,  or  a 
postmaster  in  a  rural  district,  to  a  secretary  of  state,  a  minister  in  a 
foreign  court,  or  a  president  of  the  United  States.  How  could  you 
expect  that  a  people,  every  one  of  whom  is  born  with  a  possible 
chance  and  a  fair  expectation  of  being  something — perhaps  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States — would  resist  the  demoralization  prose 
cuted  by  such  means  ?  And  when  it  becomes  a  heresy,  for  which  a 
man  is  deprived  of  position  in  an  ecclesiastical  sect  to  which  he  be 
longs,  how  could  you  expect  that  the  members  of  the  Christian 
churches  would  be  bold  enough  to  provoke  the  censure  of  the  Chris 
tian  world?  Above  all,  our  constitution,  as  we  have  always  sup 
posed,  was  so  framed  that  it  gave  us  a  judiciary  which  cannot  err. 


358  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

which  must  be  infallible,  and  must  not  be  disputed ;  and  when  the 
judicial  authority,  which  has  the  army  and  the  navy,  through  the  di 
rection  of  the  executive  power,  to  execute  its  judgments  and  decrees, 
pronounces  that  every  appeal  made  for  freedom  is  seditious,  that 
every  syllable  in  defense  of  liberty  is  treason,  and  the  natural  sym 
pathy  we  feel  for  the  oppressed  is  to  be  punished  as  a  crime  ;  while 
that  authority  is  unwilling,  or  at  least  unable  to  bring  to  punishment 
one  single  culprit  out  of  the  thousand  of  pirates  who  bring  away 
slaves  from  Africa  to  sell  in  foreign  lands — how  could  you  expect  a 
simple  agricultural  people,  such  as  we  are,  to  be  so  much  wiser  and 
better  than  our  presidents  and  vice-presidents,  senators  and  repre 
sentatives  in  congress,  and  even  our  judges? 

I  have  brought  you  down  to  the  time  when  this  demoralization 
was  almost  complete.  How  assured  its  ultimate  success  seemed, 
after  the  compromise  of  1850,  you  will  learn  from  a  fact  which  I 
have  never  before  mentioned,  but  which  I  will  now :  Horace  Mann, 
one  of  the  noblest  champions  of  freedom  on  this  continent,  confessed 
to  me,  after  the  passage  of  the  slavery  laws  of  that  year,  that  he 
despaired  of  the  cause  of  humanity.  In  1854,  after  the  repeal  of 
the  Missouri  compromise,  without  producing  so  much  alarm  as  a 
considerable  thunder  storm  would  do  in  the  nation,  there  was  only 
one  man  left  who  hoped  against  the  prevailing  demoralization,  and 
who  cheered  and  sustained  me  through  it ;  and  that  man,  in  his  zeal 
to  make  his  prediction  just,  was  afterwards  betrayed  so  far  by  his 
zeal  that  he  became  ultimately  a  monomaniac,  and  suffered  on  the 
gallows.  That  was  John  Brown.  The  first  and  only  time  I  ever 
saw  him  was  when  he  called  upon  me  after  the  abrogation  of  the 
Missouri  compromise,  and  asked  me  what  I  thought  of  the  future. 
I  said  I  was  disappointed  and  saddened — I  would  persevere,  but  it 
was  against  hope.  He  said,  "Cheer  up,  governor;  the  people  of 
Kansas  will  not  accept  slavery ;  Kansas  will  never  be  a  slave  state." 

I  took  then  a  deliberate  survey  of  the  broad  field;  I  considered 
all ;  I  examined  and  considered  all  the  political  forces  which  were 
revealed  to  my  observation.  I  saw  that  freedom  in  the  future  states 
of  this  continent  was  the  necessity  of  this  age,  and  of  this  country. 
I  saw  that  the  establishment  of  this  as  a  republic,  conservative  of 
the  rights  of  human  nature,  was  the  cause  of  the  whole  world ;  and 
I  saw  that  the  time  had  come  when  men,  and  women,  and  children 
were  departing  from  their  homes  in  the  eastern  states,  and  were  fol- 


THE    REFORMATION   BEGUN.  359. 

lowed  or  attended  by  men,  women  and  children  from  the  European 
nations — all  of  them  crowded  out  by  the  pressure  of  population  upon 
subsistence  in  the  older  parts  of  the  world,  and  all  making  their  way 
up  the  Hudson  river,  through  the  Erie  canal,  along  the  railroads,  by 
the  way  of  the  lakes,  spreading  themselves  in  a  mighty  flood  over 
Michigan,  Iowa,  Indiana  and  Illinois,  and  even  to  the  banks  of  the 
Mississippi.  I  knew  that  these  emigrants  were  planting  a  town 
every  day,  and  a  state  every  three  years,  heedless  and  unconcerned 
as  they  were,  thinking  only  of  provision  for  their  immediate  wants, 
shelter  and  lands  to  till  in  the  west — I  knew  an  interest  yet  unknown 
to  themselves,  which  they  would  have  when  they  should  get  here, 
and  that  was,  that  they  should  own  the  land  themselves  —that  slaves 
should  not  come  into  competition  with  them  here. 

So,  as  they  passed  by  me,  steamboat  load  after  steamboat  load,  and 
railroad  train  after  railroad  train,  though  they  were  the  humblest 
and  perhaps  the  least  educated  and  least  trained  portion  of  the  com 
munities  from  which  they  had  come,  I  knew  that  they  had  the  instinct 
of  interest,  and  below,  and  deeper  than  that,  the  better  instinct  of, 
justice.  And  I  said,  I  will  trust  these  men  ;  I  will  trust  these  exiles  ; 
my  faith  and  reliance  henceforth  is  on  the  poor,  not  on  the  rich  ;  on 
the  humble,  not  on  the  great.  Aye,  and  sad  it  was  to  confess,  but 
it  was  so.  I  said,  henceforth  I  put  rny  trust  in  this  case,  not  in  my 
native  countrymen,  but  I  put  it  in  the  exile  from  foreign  lands.  He 
has  an  abhorrence  for,  and  he  has  never  been  accustomed  to  slavery 
by  habit.  Here  he  will  stay  and  retain  these  territories  free. 

I  was  even  painfully  disappointed  at  first,  in  seeing  that  the  emi 
grants  to  the  west  had  no  more  consciousness  of  their  interest  in  this 
question  when  they  arrived  here  than  they  had  in  their  native  coun 
tries.  The  Irishman  who  had  struggled  against  oppression  in  his 
own  country,  failed  me  ;  the  German  seemed  at  first — but,  thank  God, 
not  long — dull  and  unconscious  of  the  duty  that  had  devolved  upon 
him.  This  is  true;  but  nevertheless  I  said  that  the  interest  and 
instincts  of  these  people  would  ultimately  bring  them  out,  and  when 
the  'states  which  they  found  and  rear  and  fortify,  shall  apply  for 
admission  into  the  Federal  Union,  they  will  come,  not  as  slave  states, 
but  as  free  states. 

I  looked  one  step  further.  I  saw  how  we  could  redeem  all  that 
had  been  lost;  and  redeem  it,  too,  by  appealing  to  the  very  passions 
and  interests  that  had  lost  all. 


360  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

The  process  was  easy.  The  slave  states  of  the  south  had  demo 
ralized  the  free  states  of  the  north  by  giving  them  presidencies,  sec 
retaryships,  foreign  missions  and  post  offices.  And  now,  here  in  the 
northwest,  we  will  build  up  more  free  states  than  there  are  slave 
states.  Those  free  states  having  a  common  interest  in  favor  of  free 
dom,  equal  to  that  of  the  southern  slave  states  in  favor  of  slavery, 
will  offer  to  Pennsylvania,  New  York,  Connecticut,  Massachusetts 
and  New  Jersey,  objects  worthy  their  ambition.  And  to-day  I  see 
the  very  realization  of  it  all.  I  can  give  you  advocates  for  freedom 
in  the  northern  states,  as  bold,  as  outspoken,  as  brave  and  as  confi 
dent  of  the  durability  of  the  Union,  as  you  can  find  for  slavery  in 
the  southern  states.  Aye,  and  when  the  southern  states  try  to 
demoralize  the  free  states  by  saying  they  will  give  their  trade  and 
traffic,  will  buy  silks  and  linens  and  other  trumpery,  provided  they 
can  buy  their  principles  in  the  sale,  and  the  bargain  must  be  struck, 
I  said  there  shall  be,  in  those  new  free  states  in  the  northwest,  men 
•who  will  say,  we  will  buy  your  silks  and  linens  and  your  trumpery 
of  every  sort ;  we  will  even  buy  more,  and  pay  you  quite  as  well, 
provided  you  do  not  betray  your  principles. 

All  this  was  simply  restoring  the  balance  of  the  republican  system, 
bringing  in  a  proper  force  in  favor  of  freedom  to  counteract  the 
established  political  agencies  of  slavery.  You  have  heard  that  I 
have  said  that  the  last  democrat  is  born  in  this  nation.  I  say  so, 
however,  with  the  qualification  before  used,  that  by  democrat  I  mean 
one  who  will  maintain  the  democratic  principles  which  constitute  the 
present  creed  of  the  democratic  party ;  and  for  the  reason,  a  very 
simple  one,  that  slavery  cannot  pay  any  longer,  and  the  democrat 
does  not  work  for  anybody  who  does  not  pay.  I  propose  to  pay  all 
kinds  of  patriots  hereafter,  just  as  they  come.  I  propose  to  pay  them 
f-iir  consideration  if  they  will  only  be  true  to  freedom.  I  propose 
t<>  gratify  all  their  aspirations  for  wealth  and  power,  as  much  as  the 
slave  states  can. 

But,  fellow  citizens,  we  had  no  party  for  this  principle.  There 
was  the  trouble.  Democracy  wns  the  natural  ally  of  slavery  in  the 
south.  We  were  either  whigs,  or,  if  you  please,  Americans,  some 
of  us,  and  thank  God  I  never  was  one,  in  the  limited  sense  of  the 
term.  But  the  whig  party  or  the  American  party,  if  not  equally  an 
ally  of  the  slave  party  in  the  south,  was,  at  least,  a  treacherous  and 
unreliable  party  for  the  interests  of  freedom.  Only  one  thing  was 


A  NEW   ERA  DAWNING.  361 

wanting,  that  was  to  dislodge  from  the  democratic  party,  the  whig 
party  and  the  native  American  party,  men  enough  to  constitute  a 
republican  party — a  party  of  freedom. 

And  for  that  we  are  indebted  to  the  kindness,  unintentional,  no 
doubt,  of  your  distinguished  senator,  now  a  candidate  for  the  presi 
dency,  Mr.  Douglas,  who,  in  procuring  the  abrogation  of  the  Mis 
souri  compromise,  so  shattered  the  columns  of  these  parties  as  to 
disintegrate  them,  and  instantly  there  was  the  material,  the  prepara 
tion  for  the  onslaught. 

Still  there  was  wanted  an  occasion,  and  that  occasion  was  given 
when,  in  an  hour  of  madness,  the  democratic  party  and  administra 
tion,  with  the  sympathy,  or  at  least  the  acquiescence,  of  the  old  line 
whigs  and  the  native  Americans,  refused  to  allow  the  state  of  Kansas 
to  exercise  the  perfect  freedom  in  choosing  between  liberty  and  sla 
very,  which  they  had  promised  to  her,  except  she  should  exercise  it 
in  favor  of  slavery.  Then  came  the  hour.  We  had  then  the  cause  for 
a  party,  the  material  for  a  party,  and  we  had  the  occasion  for  a  party, 
and  the  republican  party  sprang  into  existence  at  once,  full  armed. 
I  will  never  knowingly  do  evil  that  good  may  corne  of  it;  I  will 
never  even  wish  that  others  may  do  evil  that  good  may  come  of  it ; 
and  for  the  same  reason  that  I  know  the  evil  to  be  certain,  and  the 
good  only  possible  or  problematical.  But  no  man  ever  rejoiced  more 
heartily  over  the  birth  of  his  first  born  than  I  did  when  I  saw  the 
folly  and  madness  of  the  repeal  of  the  Missouri  compromise  and  the 
rejection  of  Kansas.  This  act,  I  said  to  myself,  is  the  doing  of  pre 
sidents,  of  senators,  of  judges,  of  priests  and  of  deacons;  and  when 
the  republican  party  organized  itself,  I  said  now  is  the  preparation 
for  the  work  complete. 

How  much  I  have  been  cheered  in  this  long  contest  by  seeing  that 
only  stolen,  surreptitious  advantages  were  gained  by  slavery  in  the 
form  of  rescripts  and  edicts  and  laws  on  the  statute  book ;  while  the 
cause  of  freedom  brought  in  first  California;  next.  New  Mexico, 
with  her  constitution  claiming  freedom ;  next,  Kansas;  next,  Min 
nesota,  and  next,  Oregon.  You  may  all  know,  if  possibly  you 
remember,  the  song  of  joy,  not  so  poetic,  but  as  full  of  truth  and 
exultation  as  the  song  of  Miriam,  which  I  then  uttered,  declaring 
that  the  battle  was  ended  and  the  victory  was  won.  The  battle  is 
ended  and  the  victory  is  ours.  Why,  then,  say  they,  why  not  with 
draw  from  the  field  ?  For  the  simple  reason  that  if  the  victor  retire 

VOL.  IV.  46 


362  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

from  the  field,  the  vanquished  will  then  come  back,  and  the  battle 
will  not  be  won.  Why  should  the  victor  withdraw  and  surrender 
all  his  conquests  to  the  conquered  enemy?  Why  should  he  invite 
the  enemy  back  upon  the  field,  and  withdraw  his  own  legions  into 
the  far  distance,  to  give  him  a  chance  to  reestablish  the  line  that  has 
been  broken  up  ? 

The  republican  party  will  now  complete  this  great  revolution.  I 
know  it  will,  because,  in  the  first  place,  it  clearly  perceives  its  duties. 
It  is  unanimous  upon  this  subject.  We  have  had  hesitation  hereto 
fore,  but  the  creed  to  which  I  have  already  adverted,  which  issued 
from  that  council  chamber  now  before  me,  announces  the  true  deter 
mination,  and  embodies  that  great,  living,  national  idea  of  freedom, 
with  which  I  began.  I  know  that  the  republican  party  will  do  it, 
because  it  finds  the  necessary  forces  in  all  the  free  states  adequate, 
I  trust,  to  achieve  success,  and  has  forces  in  reserve,  and  increasing 
in  every  slave  state  in  the  Union,  and  only  waiting  until  the  success 
of  the  republican  party  in  the  free  states  shall  be  such  as  to  warrant 
protection  to  debate,  and  free  suffrage  in  the  slave  states.  But, 
above  all,  I  know  it,  because  the  republican  party  -has,  what  is 
necessary  in  every  revolution,  chosen  the  right  line  of  policy.  It  is 
the  policy  of  peace  and  moral  suasion ;  of  freedom  and  suffrage ; 
the  policy,  not  of  force,  but  of  reason.  It  returns  kindness  for 
unkindness,  fervently  increased  loyalty  for  demonstrations  of  disloy 
alty  ;  patience  as  becomes  the  strong,  in  contention  with  the  weak. 
It  leaves  the  subject  of  slavery  in  the  slave  states  to  the  care  and 
responsibility  of  the  slave  states  alone,  abiding  by  the  constitution 
of  the  country,  which  makes  the  slave  states  on  this  subject  sover 
eign  ;  and,  trusting  that  the  end  cannot  be  wrong,  provided  that  it 
shall  confine  itself  within  its  legitimate  line  of  duty,  thereby  making 
freedom  paramount  in  the  federal  government,  and  making  it  the 
interest  of  every  American  citizen  to  sustain  it  as  such.  I  know 
that  the  republican  party  will  succeed  in  this,  because  it  is  a  positive 
and  an  active  party.  It  is  the  only  party  in  the  country  that  is  or 
can  be  positive  in  its  action.  You  have  three  other  parties,  or  forms 
of  parties,  but  each  of  them  without  the  characteristics  of  a  party. 
You  are  to  choose.  The  citizen  is  to  choose  between  the  republican 
party  and  one  of  these. 

!  Try  them  now  by  their  candidates.     Mr.  Lincoln  represents  the 
republican  party.     He  represents  a  party  which  has  determined  that 


PARTIES    AND    THEIE    REPRESENTATIVES.  363 

not  one  more  slave  shall  be  imported  from  Africa,  or  transferred 
from  any  slave  state,  domestic  or  foreign,  and  placed  upon  the  com 
mon  soil  of  the  United  States.  If  you  elect  him,  you.  know,  arid 
the  world  knows,  what  you  have  got.  Take  the  case  of  Mr.  John 
Bell,  an  honorable  man ;  a  kind  man,  and  a  very  learned  man,  a 
very  patriotic  man ;  a  man  whom  I  respect,  and  in  social  intercourse 
quite  as  much  as  everywhere  else,  as  here  where  my  word  may  be 
regarded  as  simply  complimentary ;  but  what  does  Mr.  John  Bell, 
and  his  constitutional  Union — what  is  the  name  of  his  party  ?  Con 
stitutional  Union,  is  it  not  ?  What  do  Mr.  Bell  and  his  constitutional 
Union  party  propose  on  this  question  ?  He  proposes  to  ignore  it 
altogether;  not  to  know  that  there  is  such  a  question.  If  we  can 
suppose  such  a  thing  possible  as  Mr.  Bell's  election  by  the  people, 
what  then  ?  He  ignored  the  question  until  the  day  of  election  came, 
but  it  will  not  stay  ignored.  Kansas  comes  and  asks  or  demands  to 
be  admitted  into  the  Union.  The  Indian  territory,  also,  south  of 
Kansas,  must  be  vacated  by  the  Indians,  and  here  at  once  the  slave 
holders  present  the  question  as  they  will  also  do  in  the  case  of  New 
Mexico.  It  will  not  stay  ignored.  It  will  not  rest.  It  cannot  rest. 
You  have  postponed  the  decision  for  four  years,  and  that  is  all. 
Postponing  does  not  settle  it.  When  defending  law  suits,  I  have 
seen  times  when  I  thought  I  won  a  great  advantage  by  getting  ;;n 
adjournment,  but  I  always  found,  nevertheless,  that  it  was  a  great 
deal  better  to  be  beaten  in  the  first  instance,  and  try  it  again,  than 
to  hang  rny  hopes  upon  an  adjournment. 

Take  the  other  :  Mr.  Breckinridge  represents  a  party  that  proposes 
a  policy  the  very  opposite  of  ours.  They  propose  to  extend  slavery 
and  to  use  the  federal  government  to  do  it.  Let  us  suppose  him 
elected.  Will  that  satisfy  the  American  people?  Will  that  settle 
the  question  ?  That  is  only  what  Mr.  Buchanan  has  already  done. 
And  if  I  should  put  a  vote  to  this  audience,  I  am  sure  I  should  get 
no  vote  of  confidence  in  Mr.  Buchanan.  That  is  of  course.  But 
if  I  were  to  go  into  a  Bell-and-Everett  national  Union  party  meet 
ing,  as  vast  as  this,  and  ask  for  a  vote  of  confidence  in  James 
Buchanan,  they  would  say  no,  just  as  emphatically  as  you  do.  In 
the  demonstration  for  Mr.  Douglas,  which  is  to  be  made  here  day 
after  to-morrow — I  shall  not  be  here,  and  would  not  have  the  right  to 
appear  if  I  were — but  any  of  you  have  the  right,  by  their  leave,  and 
you  ought  not  to  do  it  without,  to  offer  and  put  to  vote  a  resolution 


364  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  confidence  in  James  Buchanan,  and  you  would  get  precisely  the 
same  negative  response  that  you  get  here,  only  a  little  louder.  Then 
the  people  are  not  going  to  elect  Mr.  Breckinridge,  because  he  pro 
poses  to  follow  in  the  footsteps  of  Mr.  Buchanan,  who  is  rejected. 
Grant,  however,  that  owing  to  some  misapprehension,  or  some 
strange  combination,  they  may  obtain  all  they  hope,  and  indirectly, 
if  not  directly,  m.ike  Mr.  Breckinridge  president.  Suppose  Mr. 
Breckinridge  elected.  Does  that  settle  the  question  in  favor  of 
slavery  ?  Then  you  have  the  combination,  not  only  of  the  repub 
licans,  and  the  constitutional  Union  party,  but  even  of  the  Douglas 
paily  also,  to  drive  him  out  again.  So  in  that  case,  too,  you  have 
only  postponed  the  question  for  four  years  more,  under  circumstan 
ces  far  more  serious,  possibly  fatal. 

You  have  now  disposed  of  them  all  except  the  Douglas  party. 
Mr.  Douglas'  party  is  not  a  positive  party.  It  proposes  just  what 
the  Bell  party  proposes — to  ignore  the  question  in  congress.  That 
is  just  what  we  find  the  people  will  not  do,  and  will  not  be  content 
to  do  under  John  Bell.  Why  should  they  like  it  better  under  Mr. 
Douglas?  Mr.  Douglas  and  his  party  say  there  is  a  better  way. 
They  don't  want  it  ignored,  but  that  it  belongs  to  the  territories,  and 
the  inhabitants  there  can  settle  it  better  and  more  wisely  than  we 
p;:n.  What  can  they  do?  Have  they  settled  it  in  their  territories 
in  favor  of  slavery  ?  Are  you,  the  people  of  the  free  states,  going 
to  consent  to  that  ?  If  you  were,  why  did  you  not  consent  to  the 
proposition  of  the  president,  that  the  people  of  Kansas  should  be 
subjected  to  slavery  under  the  Lecompton  constitution?  The  presi 
dent  then  said,  that  was  the  act  of  the  people  of  Kansas.  But  if  the 
people  of  the  territory  should  decide  in  favor  of  freedom,  are  the 
slave  states  going  to  acquiesce  ?  No,  because  they  have  their  candi 
date  in  the  person  of  Mr.  Breckinridge  to  continue  the  war  until 
they  shall  regain  the  lost  battle. 

But  Mr.  Douglas'  proposition  may  result  in  a  different  way.  He 
says,  if  I  understand  him  rightly,  that  it  is  immaterial  to  him,  at 
least  he  has  no  right  and  does  not  propose  to  decide  upon  the  ques 
tion,  being  indifferent  whether  they  vote  slavery  up  or  down.  Then 
they  will  vote  slavery  up  in  some  territories,  and  vote  it  down  in 
some  other  territories.  That,  fellow  citizens,  will  be  compromise; 
are  you  going  to  be  satisfied  with  a  new  compromise  ?  You  have 


Tj;,7      I/? 

(        ,.     ,-      r- 

THE   TRIUMPH    ASSURED.  365 


tried  compromises,  and  found  that  they  are  never  kept.  On  the 
whole,  you  are  very  sorry  that  they  were  ever  made. 

But  is  a  compromise  that  is  brought  about  in  that  way,  the  irre 
sponsible  act  of  squatter  sovereignty  in  the  territories,  to  satisfy  the 
slave  states  ?  They  have  repudiated  Mr.  Douglas,  the  ablest  man 
among  all  their  friends  ;  they  have  repudiated  him  altogether,  because 
they  will  not  be  satisfied  with  a  squatter  sovereignty  that  gives  any 
territory  whatever  to  the  free  states. 

I  have  now  demonstrated  to  you,  I  think,  that  the  republican 
party  is  the  only  positive  party.  But  I  can  show  it  by  another  argu 
ment.  The  republican  party  has  one  faith,  one  creed,  one  baptism, 
one  candidate,  and  will  have  but  one  victory.  The  power  of  slavery 
has  three  creeds,  three  faiths,  and  is  to  have  three  victories.  They 
have  openly  confessed,  or  rather  the  secret  leaks  out,  through  con 
versations  and  consultations,  that  they  do  not  expect  to  get  a  single 
victory,  any  more  than  you  expect  they  will.  All  their  hope  and 
endeavor  is  to  defeat  the  republican  party,  and  leave  to  chance  the 
fruits  to  result  from  your  defeat. 

Suppose  they  should,  by  combinations  and  coalitions,  secure  the 
defeat  of  the  republican  party,  are  you  going  to  stay  defeated  ?  You 
have  been  defeated  once,  have  you  not?  Can  you  not  bear  another 
defeat?  You  will  not  have  to,  I  am  sure.  But  I  am  supposing  for 
the  purpose  of  argument  that  we  are  defeated  by  a  coalition.  Did 
any  one  ever  know  a  cause  that  was  lost  when  it  was  defeated  by  a 
coalition  ?  There  was  a  coalition  in  Europe  five  years  ago,  in  which 
Hungary  was  defeated  by  the  coalition  of  Austria  with  Russia;  but 
Hungary  has  risen  up  again  to-day,  and  the  coalition  is  understood 
to  be  dissolved.  There  was  a  coalition  two  or  three  years  later,  in 
which  Russia  was  defeated  by  the  combination  of  France  and  Eng 
land;  but  Russia  is  just  as  strong,  just  as  steadily  pressing  on  to 
ward  Constantinople  to-day  as  she  has  been  every  day  from  the  time 
of  the  Czar  Peter  until  now.  And  while  she  has  abated  nothing  of 
her  purposes,  and  nothing  of  hope,  she  has  gained  strength.  So, 
all  the  efforts  of  the  statesmen  of  both  France  and  England  are 

o 

required  to  keep  them  from  falling  out  with  each  other  before  the 
renewed  battle  begins.  There  is  no  danger  and  not  much  disgrace 
in  being  beaten  b}^  coalitions ;  and  there  is  no  danger,  because 
they  are  coalitions.  The  more  that  coalitions  are  necessary,  the 
less  are  they  effectual.  One  party  is  always  stronger  than  two  other 


366  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

parties  in  a  contest,  unless  the  whole  result  is  staked  upon  a  single 
battle. 

But  the  explanation  of  the  whole  matter  is,  that  there  is  a  time 
when  the  nation  needs  and  will  require  and  demand  the  settlement 
of  subjects  of  contention.  That  time  has  come  at  last,  which  the 
parties  in  this  country,  both  of  the  slaveholding  states  and  of 
the  free  states,  both  the  slaveholder  and  the  free  laboring  man, 
will  require  an  end — a  settlement  of  the  conflict.  It  must  be  re 
pressed.  The  time  has  come  to  repress  it.  The  people  will  have  it 
repressed.  They  are  not  to  be  forever  disputing  upon  old  issues  and 
controversies.  New  subjects  for  national  action  will  come  up.  This 
controversy  must  be  settled  and  ended.  The  republican  party  is 
the  agent,  and  its  success  will  terminate  the  contest  about  slavery  in 
the  new  states.  Let  this  battle  be  decided  in  favor  of  freedom  in 
the  territories,  and  not  one  slave  will  ever  be  carried  into  the  terri 
tories  of  the  United  States,  and  that  will  end  the  irrepressible  conflict. 

And  the  fact  that  it  is  necessary  that  it  should  be  done,  is  exactly  the 
reason  why  it  will  be  done.  It  cannot  be  settled  otherwise,  because  it 
involves  a  question  of  j  ustice  and  of  conscience.  It  is  for  us  not  merely 
a  question  of  policy,  but  a  question  of  moral  right  and  duty.  It  is 
wrong,  in  our  judgment,  to  perpetuate  by  our  votes  or  to  extend  sla 
very.  It  is  a  very  different  thing  when  the  slaveholder  proposes  to 
extend  slavery  ;  for  that  is,  with  him,  only  a  question  of  merchandise. 
Men,  of  whatever  race  or  nation,  in  our  estimation,  are  men,  not  mer 
chandise.  According  to  our  faitlj,  they  all  have  a  natural  right  to  be 
men,  but  in  the  estimation  of  the  other  party,  African  slaves  are  not 
men,  but  merchandise.  It  is,  therefore,  nothing  more  or  less  with 
them  than  a  tariff  question ;  a  question  of  protecting  commerce. 
With  us  it  is  a  question  of  human  rights,  and  therefore  when  it  is 
settled,  and  settled  in  favor  of  the  right,  it  will  stay  settled  just  as 
every  question  that  is  settled  in  favor  of  the  right  always  does. 

But  if  it  be  taken  merely  as  a  question  of  policy,  it  is  equally 
plain  that  it  will  be  settled  in  favor  of  the  republican  side,  because 
our  highest  policy  is  the  development  of  the  resources  and  the  in 
crease  of  the  population,  wealth  and  strength  of  the  republic. 
Every  man  sees  for  himself,  and  no  man  need  be  told  that  the  coal, 
the  iron,  the  lead,  the  copper,  the  silver  and  the  gold  in  our  moun 
tains  and  plains  are  to  be  dug  out  by  the  human  hand,  and  that  the 
only  hand  that  can  dig  them  is  the  hand  of  a  freeman.  Every  man 


THE  TRIUMPH  ASSURED.  367 

sees  that  this  wealth  and  strength  and  greatness  are  to  be  acquired  by 
human  labor,  guided  by  human  intelligence  and  human  purpose. 
Every  man  knows  that  the  slave,  even  if  he  be  a  white  man,  will 
have  neither  the  strength,  nor  the  intelligence,  nor  the  virtue,  nor 
even  the  purpose  to  create  wealth ;  for  the  slave  has  a  simple  line 
of  interest  before  him — it  is  to  effect  the  least  and  consume  the  most. 

But  I  seem  to  myself  to  have  fallen  below  the  dignity  and  great 
ness  of  this  question,  in  discussing  a  proposition  whether  free  labor 
or  slave  labor  is  more  expedient,  or  more  necessary.  Let  me  rise 
once  more,  and  remind  you  that  we  are  building  a  new  and  great 
empire ;  not  building  it  as  modern  Rome  and  Paris  and  Naples  stand, 
upon  the  ruins  and  over  the  graves  of  tenfold  greater  multitudes  of 
men  than  those  who  now  occupy  their  sites ;  but  upon  a  soil  where 
we  are  the  first  possessors  and  the  first  architects.  The  tornb  and 
the  catacomb  in  Kome  and  Paris  and  Naples  are  filled  with  relics 
and  implements  of  human  torture  and  bondage,  showing  the  igno 
rance  and  barbarity  of  their  former  occupants.  Let  us,  on  the  other 
hand,  while  we  build  up  an  empire,  take  care  that  we  leave  no  mon 
ument  or  relic  in  our  graves,  and  no  trace  in  our  history,  to  prove 
that  we  were  false  to  the  great  interests  of  humanity.  Human  nature- 
is  entitled  to  a  home  on  this  earth  somewhere.  Where  else  shall  it 
be  if  it  be  not  here  ?  Human  nature  is  entitled,  among  all  the  nations 
of  the  earth,  to  have  a  nation  that  will  truly  represent,  defend  and 
vindicate  it.  What  other  nation  shall  it  be,  if  it  be  not  ours  ? 

People  of  Illinois !  People  of  the  great  west !  You  are  all  youth 
ful,  vigorous,  generous.  Your  states  are  youthful,  vigorous  and  vir 
tuous.  The  destinies  of  our  country,  the  hopes  of  mankind,  the 
hopes  of  humanity  rest  upon  you.  Ascend,  I  pray,  I  conjure  you, 
to  the  dignity  of  that  high  responsibility !  Thus  acting,  you  will 
have  peace  aud  harmony  and  happiness  in  your  future  years.  The 
world,  looking  on,  will  applaud  you,  and  future  generations  in  all 
ages  and  in  all  regions  will  rise  up  and  call  you  blessed. 


THE  REPUBLICAN  POLICY  AND  THE  ONE  IDEA. 

DUBUQUE,  SEPTEMBER  21,  1860. 

I  PROPOSE  to  speak  to  you  on  this  occasion  of  wnat  concerns  us 
all ;  a  great  political  question  which  is  to  be  the  subject  of  decision 
by  the  American  people  in  the  coming  canvass.  The  policy  of  the 
federal  government  for  forty  years  has  been  to  extend  and  fortify 
African  slave  labor  in  the  United  States. 

Many  who  have  maintained  the  administration  and  the  party  who- 
have  carried  out  this  policy,  have  been  unconscious,  doubtless,  of 
the  nature  of  the  policy  they  maintained.  But  it  is  not  a  subject 
of  dispute  or  cavil  what  has  been  the  policy  of  the  government  of 
the  country  for  forty  years.  I  will  give  but  one  illustration.  No 
man  in  the  nation  would  have  objected  or  could  have  objected  to  the 
admission  of  Texas  into  the  Federal  Union,  provided  it  had  been  a 
free  state.  No  man  who  objected  could  have  objected  but  for  the 
reason  that  she  was  not  a  slave  state.  When  the  question  of  annex 
ing  Texas  tried  all  the  existing  parties,  and  puzzled,  bewildered  and 
confounded  the  statesmen  of  the  country,  the  question  was  finally 
decided,  in  a  short  and  simple  way,  by  the  declaration  of  the  admin 
istration  of  John  Tyler,  made  by  Mr.  Calhoun,  his  secretary  of  state, 
that  Texas  must  be  annexed  because  it  was  a  slaveholding  country 
— it  must  be  annexed  with  the  condition  of  subdividing  it  into  four 
slave  states.  Texas  must  be  annexed  for  the  purpose  of  fortifying 
and  defending  the  institution  of  slavery  in  the  United  States.  This 
one  single  fact  upon  which  the  parties  joined  issue,  is  conclusive. 

Now,  it  is  our  purpose  to  reverse  this  policy.  Our  policy,  stated 
as  simply  as  I  have  stated  that  of  our  adversaries,  is,  to  circumscribe 
slavery,  and  to  fortify  and  extend  free  labor  or  freedom.  Many  prelimi 
nary  objections  are  raised  by  those  among  you  and  us,  who  are  not 
prepared  to  go  with  us  to  the  acceptance  of  this  issue.  They  say 


THE    REPUBLICAN    POLICY    STATED.  369 

that  they  are  tired  of  a  hobby  and  of  men  of  one  idea ;  that  the 
country  is  too  great  a  country,  and  lias  too  many  interests  to  be 
occupied  with  one  idea  alone;  besides  that  it  is  repulsive,  offensive, 
disgusting  to  have  "this  eternal  negro  question"  forever  forced  upon 
their  consideration  when  they  desire  to  think  of  white  men  and  what 
belongs  to  them  only.  It  is  well,  perhaps,  to  remove  these  prelimi 
nary  objections  before  we  go  into  an  argument. 

Granting  for  a  moment  that  there  is  wisdom  in  the  objection  to 
this  eternal  negro  question,  pray,  let  us  ask,  who  raised,  who  has 
kept  up  this  eternal  negro  question  ? 

The  negro  question  was  put  at  rest  in  1787  by  the  fathers  of  the 
republic,  and  it  slept,  leaving  only  for  moralists  and  humanitarians 
the  question  of  emancipation,  a  question  within  the  states,  and  by 
no  means  a  federal  question.  Who  lifted  it  up  from  the  states  into 
the  area  of  federal  politics  ?  Who  but  the  slaveholders,  in  1820? 
They  demanded  that  not  only  Missouri  should  be  admitted  as  a  slave 
•state,  located  within  the  Louisiana  purchase,  but  that  slavery  should 
be  declared  forever,  and  even  that,  without  declaration  of  law,  it  was 
forever  established  and  should  prevail  until  the  end  of  time,  in  Iowa, 
Kansas,  Nebraska,  and  in  every  foot  of  the  then  newly  acquired 
domain  of  the  United  States?  It  was  the  slaveholding  power 
which  raised  the  negro  question,  and  it  was  the  democratic  party 
which  made  an  alliance  with  that  power,  and  which,  in  the  north 
and  in  congress,  raised  this  very  offensive  legislation  about  negroes, 
instead  of  legislation  about  white  men. 

The  question  was  put  at  rest  by  the  compromise  of  1820,  when, 
God  be  praised,  Iowa,  Kansas  and  Nebraska  were  saved  for  freedom,, 
and  only  Arkansas  and  Missouri,  out  of  the  Louisiana  purchase, 
surrendered  to  slavery.  It  slept  again  for  fifteen  or  twenty  years; 
and  then  the  negro  question  was  again  introduced  into  the  councils 
of  the  federal  government — and  by  whom?  By  the  slave  power, 
when  it  said  that  "  since  you  have  taken  Iowa,  Kansas  and  Nebraska, 
and  left  us  only  Missouri,  Arkansas  and  Florida,  out  of  our  newly 
acquired  possessions,  you  must  now  go  on'  and  annex  Texas,  so  that 
we  shall  have  a  balance  and  counterpoise  in  this  government."  Then 
the  democratic  party  again  were  seized  with  a  sudden  desire  to  extend 
the  area  of  slavery  along  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  and  by  way  of  balancing 
the  triumph  of  liberty  they  even  went  so  far  as  to  hang  manacles  and 

chains  on  the  claws  of  the  conquering  eagle  of  the  country ! 
VOL.  IV.  47 


370  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

Who,  then,  is  responsible  for  the  eternal  negro  question  ?  Still 
such  was  the  forbearance,  the  patience,  the*  hope  without  reason  and 
without  justice,  of  the  friends  of  freedom  throughout  the  United 
States,  that  the  eternal  negro  question  would  have  been  left  at  rest 
then,  if  it  had  not  again  been  brought  into  the  federal  councils  in 
the  years  1848  and  1850,  when  the  slave  power  forced  us  into  a  war 
with  Mexico,  by  which  we  acquired  Upper  California  and  New 
Mexico,  and  for  no  other  purpose  but  that,  notwithstanding  all  the 
advantages  which  slavery  had  gained  since  the  Atlantic  states  were 
free,  now,  as  a  balance,  slavery  must  have  the  Pacific  coast. 

Thus,  on  these  three  different  occasions,  when  the  public  mind  was 
at  rest  on  the  subject  of  the  negro,  the  slave  power  forced  it  upon 
public  consideration  and  demanded  aggressive  action.  When  they 
had  at  last  secured  the  consent  of  the  people  of  the  free  states  to  a 
compromise  in  1850,  by  which  it  was  agreed  that  California  alone 
might  be  free,  and  that  New  Mexico  should  be  remanded  back  into 
a  territorial  condition  because  she  had  not  established  slavery — then 
there  was  but  one  man  in  the  United  States  Senate  that  would  vote 
to  accept  New  Mexico  as  a  free  state  wh^n  she  came  with  her  consti 
tution  in  her  hands,  and  that  man  the  humble  individual  who  stands 
before  you.  Aye,  you  applaud  me  for  it  now,  but  where  were  your 
votes  in  1850?  Ah  !  well,  that  is  past. 

When  they  had  agreed  on  a  compromise,  and  had  driven  out  of 
the  senate  every  man  but  some  half  dozen  repiesentatives  who  had 
opposed  the  aggressions  of  slavery,  were  they  content  to  let  the 
negro  question  rest?  No,  in  1854  the  democracy  raised  the  negro 
question  to  force  slavery  finally  and  forever  throughout  the  whole 
republic,  by  abrogating  the  Missouri  compromise.  They  abandoned 
the  territories  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska  to  slave  labor,  and  actually 
assisted  aud  encouraged  the  armies  sent  there  by  the  slaveholders,  to 
take  forcible  possession  of  regions  which,  until  then,  had  been  free. 

0 !  what  pleasure  shall  I  have,  in  telling  the  people  of  Kansas1, 
three  days  hence,  how  that  when  all  others  were  faithless,  and  false, 
and  timid,  they  renewed  this  battle  of  liberty,  and  expelled  the 
intruding  slaveholder,  and  established  forever  amongst  themselves 
the  freedom  of  labor  and  the  freedom  of  men  on  the  plains  of 
Kansas. 

Were  the  democracy  then  content?  Not  at  all.  They  deter 
mined  in  1858,  to  raise  the  negro  question  once  more  and  to  admit 


THE   ETERNAL   NEGRO   QUESTION.  37 1 

Kansas  into  the  Union,  if  she  would  come  in  as  a  slave  state, 
and  to  keep  her  out  indefinitely  if  she  should  elect  freedom.  And 
only  one  year  later,  when  they  found  that  Kansas  was  slipping  from 
their  clutches,  who  then  raised  once  more  the  eternal  negro  question? 
The  slave  power  and  the  administration  took  it  up  by  demanding 
the  annexation  of  Cuba,  a  slaveholding  island  of  Spain,  to  be  acquired 
at  a  cost  of  one  hundred  and  fifty  million  dollars,  peaceably,  if  it 
could  be  obtained  for  that  sum,  and  forcibly  if  it  should  not  be  sur 
rendered,  for  the  purpose  of  adding  two  slave  states,  well  manned  and 
well  appointed,  to  balance  the  votes  of  Kansas  and  Minnesota,  then 
expected  to  come  into  the  Union  as  free  states. 

Who  has  brought  this  issue  and  entered  it  on  the  record  of  this 
canvass?  The  slaveholding  party — the  democratic  party.  They 
held  their  convention  first  in  this  campaign  at  Charleston.  They  pre 
sented  again  the  everlasting  negro  question,  nothing  more,  nothing 
less.  They  differed  about  the  form,  but  they  gave  us,  nevertheless, 
the  everlasting  negro  question  in  two  different  parts,  giving  us  our 
choice  to  take  one  or  the  other,  as  they  gave  the  people  of  Kansas 
the  choice,  whether  they  would  take  slavery  pure  and  simple,  or 
take  it  anyhow  and  get  rid  of  it  afterward  if  they  could.  Of  one 
part,  Mr.  Breckinridge  is  the  representative.  It  is  presented  plainly 
and  distinctly ;  it  is  that  slaves  are  merchandise  and  property  in  the 
territories  under  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  and  that  the 
national  legislatures  and  the  courts  must  protect  it  in  the  territories, 
and  no  power  on  earth  can  discharge  them  of  the  responsibility 
Of  the  other,  Mr.  Douglas  is  the  representative,  and  the  form  in 
which  it  is  presented  by  those  who  support  him  is :  What  is  the 
best  way  not  to  keep  slavery  out  of  the  territories  ? 

I  doubt  very  much  whether  slaveholders  have  so  great  a  repug 
nance  to  the  negro  and  to  the  eternal  negro  question  as  they  affect. 
On  the  other  hand,  being  accustomed  to  sit  in  the  federal  councils, 
with  grave  and  reverend  senators,  and  to  mingle  with  representa 
tives  of  the  people  from  slaveholding  states,  I  find  a  great  dif 
ference  between  myself  and  them  on  the  subject.  God  knows,  I 
should  find  it  hard  to  consent  to  be  the  unbidden,  the  unchosen  rep 
resentative  of  bondmen !  They  must  be  freemen  that  I  volunteer 
to  represent;  every  man  of  them  must  be  a  whole  man.  But  my 
respected  friends  who  represent  the  slave  states  are  willing,  and  do 
most  cheerfully,  most  gladly  consent  to  represent  three-fifths  of  all 


372  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

the  negro  slaves.  They  take  a  slave  at  three-fifths  of  a  man,  and 
they  represent  the  three-fifths ;  I  doubt  not  they  would  be  very 
glad  if  he  could  be  converted  into  five-fifths. 

Well  I  think  the  democratic  party  has  not  so  much  repugnance  to 
negroes  and  the  negro  question,  because  they  consent  to  take  offices 
of  president,  vice-president,  secretary  of  state,  ministers  to  Bogota, 
and  to  all  other  parts  of  the  world,  consulships  and  post  offices,  that 
are  derived  indirectly  by  adding  another  link  to  the  chain  of  states 
in  which  negroes  count,  each  one,  three-fifths.  No,  no  ;  slaveholders 
and  the  democratic  party  would  be  very  glad  to  take  votes  from 
negroes,  free  or  slave,  by  the  head,  at  full  count,  if  negroes  and  slaves 
would  only  vote  for  slavery  ;  and  it  is  only  because  they  have  a 
sagacious  insight  into  human  nature,  which  teaches  them  that  negroes 
and  slaves  would  vote  for  liberty,  that  makes  the  negro  question  so 
repulsive  to  them. 

But  is  this  one  idea,  the  eternal  negro  question,  so  objectionable 
merely  on  account  of  the  negro?  I  think  not;  I  think  it  far  other 
wise  ;  for  after  all,  you  see  that  the  negro  has  less  than  anybody 
else  in  the  world,  to  do  with  it.  The  negro  is  no  party  to  it;  he  is 
nly  an  incident;  he  is  a  subject  of  disputes  but  not  one  of  the  liti 
gants.  He  has  just  as  much  to  do  with  it  as  a  horse  or  a  watch  in  a 
justice's  court,  when  two  neighbors  are  litigating  about  its  owner 
ship.  The  controversy  is  not  with  the  negro  at  all,  but  with  two 
classes  of  white  men,  one  who  have  a  monopoly  of  negroes,  and  the 
other  who  have  no  negroes.  One  is  an  aristocratic  class,  that  wants 
to  extend  itself  over  the  new  territories  and  so  retain  the  power  it 
already  exercises;  and  the  other  is  yourselves,  my  good  friends, 
men  who  have  no  negroes  and  won't  have  any,  and  who  mean  that 
the  aristocratic  system  shall  not  be  extended.  There  is  no  negro 
question  about  it  at  all.  It  is  an  eternal  question  between  classes — 
between  the  few  privileged  and  the  many  unprivileged — the  eternal 
question  between  aristocracy  and  democracy. 

A  sorrowful  world  this  will  be  when  that  question  shall  be  put 
to  rest ;  for  when  it  is,  the  rest  that  it  shall  have,  shall  be  the  same 
it  has  always  had  for  six  thousand  years ;  the  riding  of  the  privi 
leged  over  the  necks  of  the  unprivileged,  booted  and  spurred.  And 
the  nation  that  is  willing  to  establish  such  an  aristocracy,  and  is 
shamed  out  of  the  defense  of  its  own  rights,  deserves  no  better  fate 
than  that  which  befalls  the  timid,  the  cowardly  and  the  unworthy. 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  373 

It  is  to-day  in  the  United  States  the  same  question  that  is  filling 
II angary,  and  is  lifting  the  throne  of  a  Cassar  of  Austria  from  its 
pedestals ;  the  same  which  has  expelled  the  tyrant  of  Naples  from 
the  beautiful  Sicily,  and  has  driven  him  from  his  palace  at  Castella- 
mare  to  seek  shelter  in  his  fortress  at  Gaeta.  It  is  not  only  an  eternal 
question,  but  it  is  a  universal  question.  Every  man  from  a  foreign 
land  will  find  here  in  America,  in  another  form,  the  irrepressible 
conflict  which  crushed  him  out,  an  exile  from  his  native  land. 

Again,  I  am  not  quite  convinced  that  it  is  sound  philosophy  in 
anything,  at  least  in  politics,  to  banish  the  principle  of  giving  para 
mount  importance  at  any  one  time  to  one  idea.  If  a  man  wishes 
to  secure  a  good  crop  of  wheat  to  pay  off  the  debt  he  owes  upon 
Lis  land,  he  is  seized  with  one  idea  in  the  spring,  he  plows,  plants 
and  sows,  he  gathers  and  reaps,  with  a  single  idea  of  getting  forty 
bushels  to  the  acre,  if  he  can.  If  a  merchant  wishes  to  be  success 
ful,  he  surrenders  himself  to  the  one  idea  of  buying  as  cheap  and 
selling  as  dear  as  he  honestly  can.  I  would  not  give  much  for  a 
lawyer  who  is  put  in  charge  of  my  case,  that  would  suffer  himself, 
when  before  the  jury,  to  be  distracted  with  a  great  many  irrelevant 
ideas.  I  want  one  devoted  to  my  cause.  In  the  church  we  have  a 
great  many  clergymen  who  have  a  horror  of  this  one  idea  involved 
in  the  negro  question,  but  I  think  it  was  St.  Peter  who  had  it  made 
known  to  him,  in  a  vision  on  the  housetop,  that  he  must  not  have 
scattered  ideas;  but  on  the  contrary  adopt  one  idea  only,  that  of  being 
satisfied  with  everything  else,  provided  he  could  only  win  souls  to  his 
Master.  And  Paul  was  very  much  after  this  spirit ;  he  said  he 
would  be  all  things  to  all  men,  provided  he  could  save  some  souls. 
There  was  in  the  revolution  one  man  seized  with  a  terrible  fanaticism, 
propelled  by  one  idea  He  scattered  terror  all  through  this  conti 
nent;  and  when  he  passed  from  Boston  to  the  first  congress  in  Phila 
delphia,  deputations  from  New  York  and  Philadelphia  went  out  to 
meet  and  dissuade  this  erratic  man  of  that  one  idea,  namely,  that  of 
national  independence.  And  still  John  Adams  proved,  after  all,  to 
be  a  public  benefactor.  There  was,  during  the  revolution,  another 
man  of  one  idea,  that  appeared  to  burn  in  him  so  ardently  that  he  was 
regarded  as  the  most  dangerous  man  on  the  continent,  and  a  triple 
reward  was  -offered  for  his  head.  He  actually  went  so  far  as  to  take 
all  the  men  of  one  idea  in  the  country,  and  suffer  himself  to  take 
command  of  them  in  a  rebellion.  That  man  was  George  Washington. 


374  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

His  idea  was  justice,  political  justice.  There  was  another  monoma 
niac  of  the  same  kind  down  in  Virginia  ;  he,  at  the  close  of  the  revo 
lution,  had  one  idea,  an  eternal  idea,  and  it  even  included  negroes; 
and  that  was  the  idea  of  equality.  This  was  Thomas  Jefferson.  Now, 
though  the  state  which  reared  him  might  be  glad  if  it  could  erase 
from  his  monument  at  Monticello  its  sublime  inscription,  yet  the 
world  can  never  lose  that  proud  and  beautiful  epitaph,  written  by 
himself :  "  Here  lies  Thomas  Jefferson,  the  author  of  the  Declaration 
of  Independence."  About  the  year  1805  or  1806,  the  French  secre 
tary  for  foreign  affairs  gave  a  dinner  to  the  American  representative 
at  court,  and  to  American  citizens  resident  there,  and  there  was  a 
large  and  various  party.  When  the  wine  flowed  freely,  and  conver 
sation  ought  to  have  been  general,  there  was  one  young  man  who 
was  possessed  with  one  idea,  and  he  could  not  keep  quiet,  bat  kept 
continually  putting  this  idea  before  the  minister  and  his  guests,  say 
ing,  "  If  you  will  only  make  up  for  me  a  purse,  or  show  me  a  bank 
that  will  lend  me  five  thousand  dollars,  I  will  put  a  boat  on  the  Hud 
son  river  which  will  make  the  passage  from  New  York  to  Albany  at 
four  miles  an  hour,  without  being  driven  by  oars  or  sails."  He  was 
an  offensive  monomaniac,  that  Robert  Fulton.  But  still,  had  it  not 
been  for  his  one  idea,  Iowa  would  have  slept  the  last  forty  years, 
and  down  to  the  twentieth  century,  and  not  one  human  being  before 
me,  or  within  the  boundaries  of  this  state,  would  have  resided  here. 
What  I  understand  by  one  idea  is  this :  It  simply  means  that  a  man, 
or  a  people,  or  a  state,  is  in  earnest.  They  get  an  idea  which  they 
think  is  useful,  and  they  are  in  earnest.  God  save  us  when  we  are 
to  abandon  confidence  in  earnest  men,  and  take  to  following  trivial 
men  of  light  minds,  confused  and  scattered  ideas,  and  weak  purposes. 
There  is  no  such  thing  as  government  carried  out  without  the 
intervention,  the  exaltation  of  one  idea,  and  without  the  activity, 
guidance  and  influence  of  earnest  men.  You  may  be  listless, 
indifferent,  indolent,  each  one  of  you ;  do  you  therefore  get  other 
people  to  go  to  sleep?  No.  You  may  go  to  sleep,  but  you  will 
find  somebody,  that  has  got  one  idea  that  you  don't  like,  will  be 
wide  awake.  Democrats  are  wide  awake  on  the  negro  question  as 
long  as  it  pays,  and  it  pays  just  as  long  as  you  will  be  content  to 
follow  their  advice  and  take  several  ideas.  Industry  is  the  result 
of  one  idea.  I  have  never  heard  of  idle  ones  in  the  beaver's  camp, 
br.t  I  do  know  there  are  drones  in  the  beehive.  Nevertheless,  the 


THE    POWER   OF    ONE    IDEA.  375 

beaver's  camp  and  the  beehive  alike  give  evidence  of  the  domination 
of  one  idea.  The  Almighty  Power  himself  could  never  have  made 
the  world,  and  never  govern  it,  if  he  had  not  bent  the  force  and 
application  of  the  one  idea  to  make  it  perfect.  And  when  at  seven 
o'clock  in  the  morning,  three  months  ago,  with  the  almanac  in  my 
hand,  I  stood  with  my  smoked  glass  between  my  eye  and  the  sun  to  see 
whether  the  almanac  maker  was  correct  or  whether  nature  vacillated 
between  one  idea  and  another,  I  was  astonished  to  see  that,  at  the 
very  second  of  time  indicated  by  the  astronomer,  the  shadow  of  the 
moon  entered  the  disk  of  the  sun.  There  was  one  idea  only  in 
the  mind  of  the  Omnipotent  Creator,  that  six  thousand,  or  ten  thou 
sand,  or  twenty  thousand,  or  hundreds  of  thousands  of  years  ago,  set 
that  sun,  that  moon  and  this  earth  in  their  places,  and  subjected  them 
to  laws  which  brought  that  shadow  exactly  at  this  point  at  that 
instant  of  time.  Earth  is  serious;  heaven  is  serious;  earth  is  ear 
nest  ;  heaven  is  earnest.  There  is  no  place  for  men  of  scattered 
and  confused  ideas  in  the  earth  below,  or  in  the  heavens  above,  what 
ever  there  may  be  in  places  under  the  earth.  Every  one  idea  has  its 
negative.  It  has  its  destinies,  its  purpose,  and  it  lias  its  negative. 
So  it  is  with  the  idea  of  slavery.  It  means  nothing  less,  nothing 
more,  nothing  different  from  the  extension  of  commerce  or  trading 
iu  slaves  ;  and  in  our  national  system  it  means  the  extension  of 
commerce  in  slaves  into  regions  where  that  commerce  has  no  right 
to  exist.  The  negative  of  that  is  our  principle  which  we  are  endeavor 
ing  to  inculcate  upon  you,  namely  :  opposition  to  trading  in  slaves 
within  those  portions  of  the  territory  where  slaves  are  not  lawfully  a 
subject  of  merchandise. 

At  the  time  of  the  compromise  of  1820,  the  democratic  party  saw, 
for  they  are  wise  men,  and  their  opponents,  Rufus  King,  John  W. 
Taylor  and  others  in  congress,  saw,  that  there  was  an  irrepressible 
conflict  between  the  two  ideas  of  slavery  and  freedom,  or  rather 
between  the  two  sides  of  one  idea.  The  alternative  offered  to  the 
democracy  and  to  all  the  people  of  the  United  States,  was  a  plain 
one;  the  slaveholders  are  strong,  are  united;  there  are  many  slave 
states,  and  they  are  agreed  in  their  policy ;  there  are  as  many  free 
states,  but  they  are  divided  in  opinion.  Lend  your  support  to  the 
slave  states,  and  you  shall  have  the  power,  patronage,  honors  and 
glory  of  administering  the  government  of  the  United  States.  Some 
asked,  for  how  long  ?  Wise  men  cast  the  horoscope  and  said  forty 


376  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

years;  just  about  that  time  an  infant  state  shall  grow  up  north  of 
Missouri  within  the  Louisiana  purchase,  and  another  shall  grow  up 
in  Kansas.  The  great  men  I  have  named  seemed  few  and  feeble  in 
numbers;  still  they  would  rather  have  quiet  consciences  during  all 
the  time,  and  postpone  honors  and  rewards  for  forty  years,  rather 
than  to  take  the  side  of  slavery  ;  and  the  democratic  party  reason 
ing  otherwise,  said,  "  Give  us  the  offices  and  power  now ;  we  will 
hold  it  the  forty  years,  and  more  if  we  can."  They  say  that  the 
u  old  one  "  is  inexorable  ;  that  when  he  makes  a  bond  he  lives  up  to 
it,  but  when  the  time  is  up  he  calls  for  his  own.  To  Mr.  Breckin- 
ridge,  Mr.  Douglas,  slave  states  and  all,  he  says :  "  I  have  given  you 
all  the  indulgence  that  was  allowed  rne  to  give  you,  now  you  must 
go." 

This,  my  young  friends,  for  I  see  many  such  around  me,  brings 
me  to  a  point  where  I  can  give  you  one  instruction  which,  if  you 
practice  as  long  as  you  live,  may  make  at  least  some  of  you  great 
men,  honorable  men,  useful  men.  Remember  that  all  questions  have 
two  sides ;  one  is  the  right  side,  and  the  other  the  wrong  side ;  one 
is  the  side  of  justice,  the  other  that  of  injustice;  one  the  side  of 
human  nature,  the  other  of  crime.  If  you  take  the  right  side,  the 
just  side,  ultimately  men,  however  much  they  may  oppose  you  and 
revile  you,  will  come  to  your  support ;  earth  with  all  its  powers  will 
work  with  you  and  for  you,  and  Heaven  is  pledged  to  conduct  you 
to  complete  success.  If  you  take  the  other  side,  there  is  no  power 
in  earth  or  Heaven  that  can  lead  you  through  successfully,  because 
it  is  appointed  in  the  councils  of  Heaven  that  justice,  truth  and  rea 
son  alone  can  prevail.  This  instruction  would  be  incomplete  if  I 
were  not  to  add  one  other,  that  indifference  between  right  and  wrong 
is  nothing  else  than  taking  the  wrong  side.  The  policy  of  a  great 
leader  of  the  democratic  party  in  the  north  is  indifference;  it  is 
nothing  to  him  whether  slavery  is  voted  up  or  voted  down  in  the 
territories.  Thus  it  makes  no  difference  to  that  distinguished  states 
man  whether  slavery  is  voted  up  or  voted  down  in  the  new  states; 
whether  they  all  become  slave  states  or  free  states.  Let  us  see  how 
this  would  have  worked  in  the  revolution.  If  Jefferson  had  been 
indifferent  as  to  whether  congress  voted  up  the  declaration  of  inde 
pendence  or  voted  it  down,  what  kind  of  a  time  would  he  have  had 
with  it.  Patrick  Henry  would  have  been  after  him  with  a  vigilant 
committee,  and  he  would  now  have  no  monument  over  his  remains. 


IOWA  AS  A   MODEL  STATE.  377 

The  British  government  would  have  liked  nothing  better  than  a  lot 
of  such  indifferent  men  for  leaders  of  the  American  people,  and 
George  the  Third  and  his  dynasty  might  have  had  rule  over  this  con 
tinent  for  a  thousand  years  to  come. 

I  have  thus  removed  the  preliminary  objection  always  interposed 
on  these  occasions  against  the  indulgence  of  the  eternal  negro  ques 
tion.  What  is  the  just  and  right  national  policy  with  regard  to 
slavery  in  the  territories  and  in  the  new  states  of  the  Federal 
Union?  Your  decision  of  that  subject  will  involve  the  conside 
ration  of  what  you  consider  to  be  the  natural  constituents  of  a  state. 
I  suppose  1  may  infer  from  your  choosing  this  beautiful  land  on  the 
western  bank  of  the  Mississippi,  that  you  all  want  to  make  Iowa  a 
great  and  good  state,  a  flourishing  and  prosperous  state.  You  con 
sider  the  development  of  the  latent  resources  with  which  nature 
has  supplied  the  region  on  which  you  build  a  state,  as  one  of  the 
material  things  to  be  considered  in  building  up  a  great  state ;  that  is 
to  say,  you  will  have  the  forests  subjugated  and  make  them  contri 
bute  the  timber  and  lumber  for  the  house,  for  the  city,  for  the  wharf, 
for  the  steamer,  for  the  ship  of  war,  and  for  all  the  purposes  of  civi 
lized  society.  Then  I  think  if  the  land  has  concealed  within  it 
deposits  of  iron,  or  lead,  or  coal,  you  will  think  of  getting  these  out 
as  rapidly  as  you  can,  so  as  to  increase  the  public  wealth.  Then  I 
think  that  you  will  have  the  same  idea  about  states  everywhere  else 
that  you  have  about  Iowa ;  and  that  your  first  idea  about  the  way 
to  make  a  state  corresponds  with  my  idea  how  to  make  a  great 
nation.  And  as  you  would  subdue  the  forests,  would  develop 
the  lead,  iron  and  coal  in  your  region ;  as  you  would  improve  the 
fields,  putting  ten  oxen  to  a  plow  to  turn  up  the  prairie,  and  then 
plant  it  with  wheat  and  corn ;  as  you  would  encourage  manufactures, 
and  try,  by  making  railways  and  telegraphs,  to  facilitate  interchange 
of  products;  so  this  is  exactly  what  I  propose  to  do  for  every  new 
state  like  Iowa  that  is  to  be  admitted  into  the  Federal  Union.  To  be 
sure  we  shall  leave  the  slave  states,  which  are  all  in  the  Union,  as 
they  are;  our  responsibilities  are  limited  to  the  states  which  are  yet 
to  come  into  the  Union,  and  we  will  apply  our  system  to  them.  The 
first  point,  then,  in  making  a  state,  is  to  favor  the  industry  of  the 
people,  and  industry  is  favored  in  every  land  exactly  as  it  is  free  and 
uncrippled. 

VOL.  IV.  48 


378  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

We  are  a  great  nation ;  we  have  illimitable  forests  in  the  far  east 
and  on  the  banks  of  the  upper  waters  of  the  Mississippi,  around  the 
lakes  and  on  the  Pacific  coast.  No  human  arithmetic  could  com 
pute  the  amount  of  materials  of  the  forest  that  have  already  gone  into 
the  aggregate  of  the  wealth  which  this  nation  possesses.  At  this  day 
there  is  hardly  one  foot  of  timber,  or  one  foot  of  dealboards,  or  a  lath, 
or  a  shingle,  entering  into  the  commerce  of  the  United  States  that 
is  fabricated  by  a  slave.  You  all  have  an  idea,  or  had  in  the  land 
from  which  you  came  here,  of  the  value  and  importance  of  the  fish 
eries,  of  making  the  ocean  surrender  its  treasures  to  increase  the 
national  wealth.  The  fisherman  is  seen  in  the  winter  time  fishing 
for  ice  in  the  ponds  and  lakes  of  Massachusetts ;  and  if  you  go  to 
Palestine,  or  to  Grand  Cairo,  or  to  the  furthest  Indies,  you  will  find 
yourself  regaled  with  ice  fished  out  of  the  lakes  and  ponds  of  Mas 
sachusetts.  Ice  is  not  a  product  that  goes  far  to  the  support  of 
human  life ;  but  can  you  tell  me  in  what  part  of  the  earth  men 
are  not  lighted  on  their  way  by  night,  or  in  their  dwellings,  by  the 
produce  of  the  fisheries  ?  Have  you  any  idea  how  much  the  great 
machinery  of  the  country  engaged  in  fabrication  of  goods  and  in 
navigation  is  indebted  to  the  fisheries?  Those  of  the  United  States 
are  a  great  source  of  national  wealth  ;  and  a  nursery  of  seamen  for 
the  commercial  marine  and  naval  service  of  the  United  States,  indis 
pensable  for  the  development  of  the  resources  of  a  great  people. 
I  might  almost  say  that  there  is  not  now,  and  there  never  was.  on 
lake  or  river,  sea  or  bay,  over  the  whole  world,  from  the  Arctic  to 
the  Antarctic  pole,  a  negro  slave  fisherman.  You  have  been  very 
indifferent  about  these  subjects. 

It  was  only  two  years  ago,  only  by  constant  watchfulness  and 
activity  of  the  friendly  representatives  of  the  free  states  in  congress, 
that  the  protection  of  the  United  States  was  saved  for  the  fisheries. 
The  slaveholders  don't  want  ice  to  be  gathered  with  free-soil  hands; 
they  would  rather  have  it  taken  from  the  lakes  and  rivers  of  Russia. 
They  don't  want  the  fisheries  conducted  by  free  hands  at  home  ; 
they  would  rather  take  their  supplies  from  foreign  markets.  The 
fisheries  are  somewhat  foreign  for  yon,  but  the  quarries  are  not — the 
granite  and  the  marble  out  of  which  our  capitol  is  being  constructed, 
our  great  cities  erected,  some  of  them  are  in  yoitr  own  beautiful  city. 
Have  you  any  idea  of  how  large  a  portion  of  the  national  wealth  is 
extracted  from  the  quarries  of  granite  and  marble  and  freestone?  It 


WHAT   SLAVES   CANNOT   DO.  379 

is  beyond  my  capacity  to  compute.  Yet  there  is  not  a  slave  engaged 
in  a  quarry  in  the  United  States.  Have  you  any  slaves  down  your 
shafts  in  your  lead  mines  here?  Not  one.  Have  you  any  slaves  in 
your  coal  mines  ?  Not  one.  Any  in  your  iron  mines  ?  Not  one. 
Pennsylvania  is  being  burrowed  all  through  and  through  in  all 
directions,  and  the  iron  and  coal  taken  out  and  fabricated.  There  is 
not  a  single  slave,  nor  was  there  ever  one,  that  raised  his  hand  to 
add  to  that  supply  of  national  wealth.  On  the  other  hand,  you 
have  in  Maryland  and  in  Virginia  deposits  of  coal  and  iron  as  rich, 
aye,  and  of  gold,  too;  and  yet  in  Maryland  and  Virginia,  slave  states 
as  they  are,  in  their  iron,  coal  and  silver  mines,  the  work  is  mainly 
done  by  freemen.  I  need  not  speak  of  manufactures  ;  the  African 
slave  is  reduced  to  a  brute,  as  nearly  as  may  be,  and  he  is  incompe 
tent  to  cast  a  shuttle,  to  grease  or  oil  a  wheel  and  keep  it  in  motion. 
In  all  the  vast  manufacturing  establishments  in  the  United  States ;  in 
all  the  establishments  of  the  forest,  and  of  the  fisheries,  or  of  manu 
factures  throughout  the  whole  world,  there  is  not  one  African  slave 
to  be  found.  California  rejected  the  labor  of  slaves,  and  well  she 
did  so;  for  if  she  had  invited  and  courted  it,  her  mines,  instead  of 
yielding  fifty  millions  of  gold  per  year  to  the  commerce  of  the  United 
States,  would  be  yielding  nothing.  Could  a  man  subsist  in  Iowa  by 
cultivating  wheat  or  corn  by  slave  labor  ? 

Commerce  is  of  two  kinds,  domestic  and  foreign.  The  commerce 
down  the  Mississippi  and  up,  the  commerce  on  railroads,  is  domestic 
commerce ;  the  commerce  across  the  ocean  with  foreign  nations,  is 
foreign  commerce.  In  New  Orleans  I  found  that  sixteen  thousand 
men  were  engaged  in  domestic  trading  on  the  river  between  New 
Orleans  and  the  up  country  in  the  Mississippi  valley.  How  many 
of  them  were  slaves?  Not  one.  Ohio,  Indiana,  Illinois,  Missouri, 
Kentucky,  New  York,  Michigan,  send  the  boatmen  who  conduct  the 
commerce  even  in  slave  states,  while  on  all  the  oceans  there  is  not  a 
slave  engaged  in  commerce. 

Now  the  three  great  wheels  of  national  wealth  are  agriculture, 
including  the  subjugation  of  the  forests,  manufactures  and  trade. 
Slaves  are  unfit,  African  slaves  are  absolutely  unfit  to  be  employed 
in  turning  either  of  those  wheels;  and  it  thus  enters  into  the  ele 
ments  of  a  great  and  prosperous  state  that  its  people  shall  not  be 
slaves  but  freemen.  The  reason  is  obvious;  it  is  the  interest  of  the 
freeman  to  improve  himself  as  well  as  he  can,  to  produce  the  most 


380  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

he  can,  at  the  least  cost;  and  it  is  the  interest  of  the  slave  to  be  r.s 
disqualified  as  he  can,  to  consume  as  much  as  he  can,  and  produce 
as  little  more  than  he  consumes  as  possible. 

It  is  not  wealth  jilone  that  makes  a  nation.  It  must  have  strength 
and  power  to  command,  by  the  mere  signification  of  its  will,  peace 
and  good  order  at  home  and  respect  and  confidence  abroad.  Just 
imagine  the  United  States  converted  into  planting  states  in  which 
the  labor  was  performed  only  by  negro  slaves,  and  judge,  if  you  can, 
what  would  be  the  police  power  of  the  government  in  any  of  the 
states.  The  laborer  in  a  slave  state  is  watched  night  and  morning; 
his  outgoings,  his  incomings,  his  path  is  surrounded  by  a  police ;  he 
can  pass  to  execute  the  order  of  his  master  only  on  a  permit  or 
license.  He  must  retire  to  sleep  at  nine  or  ten  at  night,  and  must 
not  be  abroad  from  the  plantation  without  a  special  license,  for  no 
other  reason  than  that  his  master  regards  him  as  an  enemy  to  be 
watched.  Turn  a  whole  nation  into  masters  watching  slaves,  and 
.slaves  regarded  as  natural  enemies — what  is  the  power  of  that  nation 
to  preserve  peace  at  home  ?  What  its  power  to  command  respect 
abroad  ?  Make  us  for  once  a  nation  of  slave  states,  and  any  feeble, 
contemptible  power  in  Europe  has  only  to  instigate  insurrection 
among  our  slaves,  then  instead  of  relying  on  ourselves  we  should 
want  to  make  a  federal  union  with  Canada,  that  we  might  get  pro 
tection,  just  as  the  free  states  now  protect  the  slave  states. 

But  these  elements— mate  rial  wealth  and  power — are  but  part  of 
what  constitute  a  nation.  It  should  have  a  head,  an  enlightened 
head ;  an  open,  free,  manly,  honest  heart.  Such  a  head  and  heart 
as  will  enable  any  man  or  woman  to  go  through  the  world  with 
safety.  A  nation  is  only  an  aggregate  of  individuals,  of  so  many 
heads  to  work  as  one  head ;  of  so  many  hearts  to  beat  as  one  heart. 
You  want  an  enlightened  free  people  to  constitute  a  nation  ;  and  if 
you  have  such  a  people,  they  are  perpetually  reducing  the  sacrifice, 
and  toil  of  muscle ;  and  if  it  be  true  as  theologians  say,  that  labor  is  the 
primal  curse  imposed  by  the  Maker  on  man  for  disobedience,  then 
this  benevolent  heart  and  enlightened  head  will  suggest  all  manner 
of  machines  to  relieve  them  of  the  necessity  of  physical  labor.  The 
poor  widow,  who,  to  eke  out  a  subsistence,  has  to  sew  for  her  neigh 
bors,  will,  with  a  machine  that  costs  but  from  fifty  to  one  hundred 
•dollars — the  invention  of  a  freeman — make  fifty  garments  where 
before  she  made  but  one.  And  the  steam  engine — it  plows,  plants, 


WHAT   CONSTITUTES   A   NATION.  381 

sows  and  harvests ;  it  threshes ;  it  gathers  into  the  granaries ;  it  hauls 
the  cars  loaded  with  produce  ;  it  drives  the  steamboat  on  the  river. 
That  is  what  invention  does.  Now  out  of  the  million  inventions 
which  the  American  people  enjoy,  there  is  not  one  that  was  made 
by  a  slave,  and  simply  because  the  slave  is  imbruted  in  his  heart 
and  stupified  in  his  intellect. 

A  nation  to  be  great  wants  character — character  for  justice,  hon 
esty,  integrity  ;  for  ability  to  maintain  its  own  rights  and  respect  for 
the  rights  of  others.  That  it  cannot  have,  if  it  be  a  nation  of  slaves. 
It  is  only  a  nation  of  freemen  that  can  cultivate  the  virtues  which 
constitute  a  character.  These  virtues  are  two  ;  justice,  equal  and  exact 
justice  among  men;  the  equal  freedom  and  liberty  of  every  other 
man.  The  other  virtue  is  courage.  The  freeman  has  no  enemies; 
he  is  just ;  he  oppresses  nobody  ;  nobody  wishes  to  be  revenged  upon 
him.  A  nation  of  freemen  are  safe ;  they  provoke  nobody ;  they 
wrong  nobody  ;  they  covet  nothing ;  they  keep  the  tenth  command 
ment.  And  nations  must  keep  the  commandments  as  well  -as  indi 
viduals,  or  suffer  the  same  penalty.  But  you  cannot  have  these 
morals  except  on  one  condition,  and  that  is  that  the  people  of  the 
nation  are  trained  up  in  them.  And  how  trained?  By  schools  and 
general  instruction,  free  press,  free  debate  at  home,  and  in  legislative 
councils ;  and  everywhere  to  be  undisturbed  as  they  go  in  and  come 
out.  Introduce  slavery  in  Iowa,  and  what  kind  of  freedom  of  speech 
would  you  enjoy?  What  kind  of  freedom  of  the  press?  freedom  of 
bridges?  of  taverns?  Just  look  across  the  state  of  Missouri  into 
Kansas,  and  you  will  find  freedom  of  the  press,  provided  you  will 
maintain  that  property  is  above  labor,  that  slavery  is  before  all  con 
stitutions  and  governments — you  will  find  that  kind  of  freedom  of 
speech  which  sought  the  expulsion  of  John  Quincy  Adams  from 
the  congress  of  the  United  States,  for  presenting  a  petition  in  favor 
of  human  rights;  that  kind  of  freedom  of  debate  which  arrested  my 
distinguished  and  esteemed  friend,  Charles  Surnner,  in  the  midst  of  a 
glorious  and  useful  career,  and  doomed  him  to  wander  a  sufferer  and 
invalid  for  four  years.  As  for  freedom  of  bridges,  why  the  bridge  over 
the  Missouri  at  Kansas  was  proved  to  be  only  a  bridge  for  slave  state 
men  ;  and  the  tavern  at  Lawrence  was  subverted  for  a  nuisance  on 
account  of  its  being  a  tavern  at  which  free  state  men  could  rest. 

It  is  a  bright  September  afternoon,  and  a  strange  feeling  of  surprise 
comes  over  me  that  I  should  be  here  in  the  state  of  Iowa — the  state 


382  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

redeemed  and  saved  in  the  compromise  of  1820 — a  state  peopled  by 
freemen — that  I  should  be  here  in  such  a  state,  before  such  a  people, 
imploring  its  citizens  to  maintain  the  cause  of  freedom  instead  of 
the  cause  of  slavery.  It  is  a  great  change  from  the  position  I  was 
in  only  a  year  ago.  In  Italy,  in  Austria,  in  Turkey  even,  I  was 
excusing,  in  the  best  way  I  could,  the  monstrous  delinquencies  of 
the  American  people  in  tolerating  slavery,  which  even  the  Turk 
had  abrogated.  You  tell  me  that  it  is  unnecessary ;  that  you  are 
all  right ;  I  happen  to  know  better.  No !  the  wide-awakes  are  not 
up  an  hour  too  soon  ;  they  do  not  sit  up  any  too  late  o'  nights ; 
their  zeal  is  not  a  bit  too  strong  to  save  the  state  of  Iowa  from  giving 
her  votes,  in  the  present  canvass,  in  favor  of  the  policy  which  has 
for  forty  years  made  slavery  the  cardinal  institution,  and  freedom 
secondary  to  it  in  the  United  States.  There  is  something  of  excuse 
and  apology  for  this ;  it  is  in  the  reluctance  which  men  who  are 
always  opposed  to  one  new  idea  coming  in,  have  to  give  up  the  old 
idea,  which  they  have  so  long  cherished.  The  democratic  party  has 
a  wonderful  affection  for  the  name ;  the  prestige  of  the  democratic 
party;  and  most  of  them  must  die  unconverted.  It  is  not  in  hu 
man  nature  that  adult  men  and  women  change  their  opinions  with 
facility ;  it  is  little  ones  like  these  before  me  that  receive  reforms 
unobserved  and  unknown.  Ten  thousand  of  their  votes  enter  into 
every  successive  canvass  in  the  state  of  Iowa.  In  every  state  the 
great  reformation  which  has  been  made  within  the  last  six  years — 
for  we  date  no  further  back  than  that — has  been  the  dying  out  of 
the  one-idea  men  of  democracy  and  the  growing  up  of  the  young 
one-idea  men  of  republicanism.  And  now  why  shall  we  not  insist, 
so  far  as  our  votes  shall  be  effective,  that  the  territories  shall  remain 
free  territories,  so  that  new  states  which  shall  hereafter  be  added  to 
this  Union  shall  be  free  states? 

They  say  we  interfere  in  the  slave  "titr~      "Mpt  nififlll      We  do  not 

-  mm.V  —  ar •'•*     " 

vote  against  slavery  in  Virginia.  We  do  not  authorize  Abraham 
Lincoln  or  the  congress  of  the  United  States  to  pass  any  laws  about 
slavery  in  Virginia.  We  merely  authorize  them  to  intervene  in  the 
territories,  and  to  pass  laws  securing  freedom  there.  They  tell  us 
that  it  is  unnecessary.  They  have  rendered  it  necessary,  because 
they  have  explained  the  laws  and  the  constitution  to  establish  slavery 
there,  and  we  must  either  restrict  slavery  there  or  reverse  the  decision 
made  by  the  federal  tribunal.  But  they  tell  us  that  this  is  incon- 


WHAT   CONSTITUTES   A   NATION.  383 

vcnient ;  it  excites  violence  in  the  slave  states.  To  which  I  answer 
that  they  have  the  choice  between  slavery  and  freedom  as  well  as 
we  ;  but  they  must  be  content  to  leave  it  where  it  is.  When  they 
choose  to  carry  slaves  into  the  territories  we  interfere.  ASJ^at  we 
are_attackmgis  not  slavery^m  the  United  States,  but  slavery  in  the 
territories.  But  tln-y  tell  us  Unit  we  are  incurring  very  great  harm; 
that  bur  southern  friends,  driven  angry,  will  not  buy  of  us.  Mayor 
Wood  made  the  discovery  that  we  are  a  trading  people,  and  we  shall 
Ios3  our  trade  if  the  republican  party  come  into  power.  We  are  a 
trading  people  as  we  are  an  eating  people,  a  drinking  people,  a 
clothes-wearing  people.  Trade!  trade!  trade!  the  great  character, 
the  great  employment,  the  one  idea  of  the  American  people !  It  is 
a  libel.  We  buy  only  with  what  we  produce.  We  buy  and  sell, 
but  that  is  merely  incidental  to  our  greater  occupation  of  producing 
and  making ;  and  even  these  are  subordinate  to  our  great  notion  of 
educating  and  cultivating  ourselves  to  make  a  great,  virtuous  and 
happy  people.  Trade,  however,  for  those  who  engage  in  it,  knows  no 
respect  of  opinion  ;  the  southern  planters  will  buy  their  cotton  bag 
ging  of  the  men  who  will  make  it  the  cheapest,  and  they  will  insist 
on  selling  cotton  to  the  Castle  Garden  committees  and  the  Cooper 
Institute  patriots  at  precisely  the  same  price  as  they  will  to  Wendell 
Phillips  and  Frederick  Douglass.  They  won't  buy  your  wheat  unless 
hungry  for  bread ;  and  if  hungry  for  bread  they  will  gladly  give 
you  for  it  any  surplus  of  cotton  you  want. 

I  have  refrained  from  adverting  to  the  higher  sentiments  of 
humanity  which  enter  into  the  consideration  of  this  subject,  because 
those  are  considerations  that  are  always  with  you.  I  will  now,  how 
ever,  say  that  the  suggestions  of  justice  are  always  in  harmony  with 
the  suggestions  and  impulses  of  humanity,  and  that  both  spring  from 
the  same  source.  Nature  herself  seems  to  be  forbearing ;  she  seems  to 
be  passive  and  silent.  She  lets  nations  as  she  lets  individuals  go  on 
in  their  course  of  action,  violating  her  laws  ;  but  this  is  for  a  season 
only.  The  time  comes  at  last  when  nature  unerringly  vindicates 
every  right,  and  punishes  every  wrong,  in  the  actions  of  men  or 
states.  She  comes,  then,  in  terror,  in  revolution,  in  anarchy,  in 
chaos.  You  will  let  this  government  and  this  nation  slide  down 
still  further  the  smooth  declivity  of  national  vice  if  you  choose: 
nature  will  bring  it  back  again  in  due  time  with  convulsions  which 
will  wake  the  sighs  and  groans  of  the  civilized  world. 


384  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 


YOUNG  MEN  AND  THE  FUTURE.1 

THE  past,  since  the  adoption  of  the  constitution,  has  been  occupied 
with  trials  to  compromise  the  conflict  between  property  in  man  and 
the  freedom  of  man,  and  these  trials  have  proved  unsuccessful.  The 
future  demands  the  settlement  of  it  now,  by  a  return  to  the  princi 
ples  of  the  declaration  of  independence  and  the  constitution.  This  con 
clusion  can  be  reached  only  by  accepting  the  principle  of  the  political 
equality  of  men  within  the  exclusive  range  of  the  federal  constitu 
tion,  yhis  is  simply  a  matter  of  education.  It  is  not  worth  while 
to  spend  much  time  upon  this  subject  in  trying  to  convert  old  men ; 
they  cannot  last  long,  and  therefore  can  do  little  harm.  We  all 
become  settled  in  our  opinions  and  confirmed  in  our  habits  as  we 
grow  old.  The  republican  party  is  a  party  chiefly  of  young  men. 
Each  successive  year  brings  into  its  ranks  an  increasing  proportion 
of  the  young  men  of  this  country. 

This  is  the  ground  of  my  hope,  of  my  confidence,  that  before  this 
generation  shall  have  passed  away,  the  democratic  party  will  cease 
to  exist ;  and  the  republican  party,  or  at  least  its  principles,  will  be 
accepted  and  universally  prevail.  If  it  be  true,  as  the  declaration 
of  independence  asserts,  that  the  right  of  all  men  to  political  equa 
lity  is  self-evident,  nothing  can  prevent  the  acknowledgment  of  that 
fact  by  the  generation  now  rising,  since  that  truth  is  distinctly  incul 
cated  now,  for  the  first  time,  through  all  the  agencies  of  private  and 
public  education.  The  young  man  who  shall  reject  it  will  find 
himself  in  controversy  with  the  ever-growing  sentiment  of  his  coun 
trymen,  and  the  settled  public  opinion  of  the  world.  Let  him  take 
heed  how  he  enters  upon  a.  course  which  can  bring  nothing  but 
unavailing  contention,  disappointment  and  regret  over  the  failure  of 
his  ambition  and  of  his  desire  for  usefulness.  Train  up  your  chil 
dren  in  the  belief  of  this  great  principle  of  our  constitution,  and 
they  will  secure  for  themselves  the  satisfaction  of  leading  useful  and 
honorable  lives,  and  follow  you  to  yaur  graves  with  more  than  even 
filial  veneration. 

1  Extract  from  a  speech  at  Cleveland,  Oct.  4, 1860. 


KANSAS  THE  SAVIOR  OF  FREEDOM. 

LAWRENCE,  SEPTEMBER  26,   1860. 

A  LONG  cherished  desire  of  mine  is  fulfilled ;  at  last  a  long 
deferred  duty  is  about  to  be  paid — the  desire  of  my  heart  to  see  the 
people  of  Kansas — the  duty  that  I  felt  I  owed  to  the  people  of  Kan 
sas,  to  see  them  in  their  own  homes  and  in  their  own  houses.  I 
have  visited  your  chief  cities,  Leaven  worth  and  Lawrence — where 
the  army  of  mercenaries  sent  by  the  slave  states  battered  down  the 
hotel,  under  an  indictment  and  conviction  in  a  court  of  the  United 
States  as  a  nuisance,  because  it  sheltered  the  freemen  who  had  corne 
here  to  see  freedom  established  in  Kansas.  And  I  have  looked  also 
upon  the  Constitution  Hall,  in  Topeka,  where  the  army  of  the  United 
States,  for  the  first  time  in  the  history  of  our  nation,  dispersed  a  law 
ful  and  peaceable  assembly  of  citizens  of  the  United  States,  convened 
to  counsel  upon  the  best  means  of  protecting  their  lives,  their  pro 
perty  and  sacred  honor.  You,  people  of  Kansas,  whom  I  have  not 
been  able  to  see  in  your  homes,  have  come  up  here  to  greet  me,  from 
the  valleys  of  the  Kansas,  the  Big  Blue  and  the  Neosho,  and  from, 
all  your  plains  and  valleys. 

I  seem  not  to  have  journeyed  hither,  but  to  have  floated  across 
the  sela, — the  prairie  sea, — under  bright  autumnal  skies,  wafted  by 
genial  breezes  into  the  havens  where  I  wished  to  be.  I  am  not  sorrv 
that  my  visit  has  occurred  at  this  particular  time,  so  sad  in  its  influ 
ence,  when  nature,  that  sends  its  rains  upon  the  unjust  as  well  as  the 
just,  has  for  a  year  withdrawn  its  genial  showers  from  the  soil  of 
Kansas.  It  is  well  to  see  one's  friends  in  darkness  and  sadness,  as 
well  as  in  the  hour  of  joy.  I  have  beheld  the  scenes  of  your  former 
conflicts.  I  have  also  looked  upon  that  beautiful  eminence  on  the 
banks  of  the  Kansas  river,  where  Lecornpton  sits  a  lonely  widowr 
desolate  and  mourning,  her  ambitious  structures  showing  how  high 
is  the  ambition  of  slavery,  and  their  desolation  showing  how  easvT 

VOL.  TV.  49 


386  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

after  all,  is  her  downfall.  I  would  have  seen  more  of  Kansas,  if  I 
had  not  been  interrupted  and  impeded  in  my  course  through  the 
state  by  the  hospitality  and  kindness  of  the  people,  which  I  could 
not  turn  aside.  I  have  been  excessively  retentive  at  Leaven  worth 
and  Topeka,  refusing  to  open  my  lips,  because  I  do  not  like  to  say 
things  by  piecemeal. 

I  desire  to  speak  openly  to  you,  in  the  broad  daylight,  in  the  hear 
ing  of  the  women  as  well  as  men  of  Kansas  ;  and  here,  where  I  have 
renewed  the  memories  of  the  contest  waged  upon  this  soil,  while  I 
see  around  rue  the  broken  implements  with  which  that  contest  was 
waged  by  the  aggressors  under  the  plea  of  popular  sovereignty, 
which  left  the;  people  perfectly  free  to  do  just  as  they  please,  subject 
to  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  which  they  were  left  per 
fectly  free  to  interpret  as  they  pleased,  while  the  authorities  at  Wash 
ington  have  never  been  able  to  interpret  it. 

When  I  look  at  field  after  field,  and  cabin  after  cabin,  and  church 
after  church,  and  school  house  after  school  house,  where  but  six 
years  ago  was  the  unbroken  range  of  savages,  I  am  prepared  here — 
not  expecting  to  escape  being  heard  on  the  Pacific  as  well  as  the 
Atlantic  coast — I  am  prepared  to  declare,  and  do  declare  you  people 
of  Kansas  the  most  intelligent  and  the  bravest  and  most  virtuous 
people  of  the  United  States.  That  is  the  most  intelligent  and  bravest 
and  most  virtuous  people  which  can  take  the  banner  of  human  free 
dom  when  it  is  trailed  in  the  dust  by  the  government  of  its  choice, 
and  can  and  does  raise  it  aloft  and  protect  it  and  bear  it  to  success 
and  honor — and  that  without  bloodshed  and  violence. 

People  of  Kansas !  you  are  at  once  the  youngest,  the  newest 
people — the  newest  state,  as  well  as  the  youngest  of  all  the  thirty- 
four  American  states ;  you  are  the  poorest  in  wealth,  the  least  favored 
with  political  power,  for  you  are  nearly  disfranchised — and  yet  you 
are  the  most  inflexible  and  the  most  constant.  The  two  richest  states 
in  the  Union  are  Massachusetts  and  New  York,  but  they  are  so 
merely  because  they  are  the  freest,  the  wisest  and  the  most  liberty- 
loving  states  of  the  Union.  I  apprehend  that  you  scarcely  under 
stand,  yourselves,  the  importance  of  the  position  which  you  hold  in 
this  republic.  You  will  perhaps  be  surprised  when  I  tell  you  that 
the  secret  of  all  the  interest  I  have  felt  in  you  has  been  merely  this  : 
That  you  occupy  a1  pivotal  position  in  the  republic  of  the  United 
States,  with  regard  to  slavery  and  freedom.  There  is  no  contest,  no 


THE  PEOPLE  OF  KANSAS.  387 

•difference  on  this  subject,  along  the  line  of  the  northeastern  states,  for 
they  are  hostile  to  slavery.  There  is  no  difference  on  the  line  of  the 
southern  states,  for  they  are  in  favor  of  slavery.  But  there  has 
been  a  severe  strife  between  freedom  and  slavery,  for  the  establish 
ment  of  freedom  or  slavery  in  all  the  wide  region  reaching  from  the 
Missouri  to  the  Pacific  ocean.  If  freedom  was  to  triumph  in  this 
contest,  there  was  no  point  where  she  could  expect  to  meet  the  enemy 
except  on  the  very  place  she  has  met  it — here.  And  if  you  had 
been  false,  slavery  would  have  swept  along  through  the  Indian  terri 
tory,  Texas  and  the  whole  of  the  country  including  the  Rocky  moun 
tains,  to  the  Pacific  ocean. 

California  was  imperfectly  secured  to  freedom,  and  with  a  compro 
mise.  You  opened  a  new  campaign  here  to  reclaim  what  was  given 
up  in  that  already  broken  compromise,  and  it  has  been  crowned  with 
a  complete  victory.  Henceforth  the  battle  is  ended  ;  henceforth  the 
emigrant  from  the  eastern  states,  from  Germany  and  Ireland,  the  free 
laborer,  in  short,  from  every  land  on  the  earth,  when  he  reaches  the 
Missouri  river,  will  enter  on  a  broad  land  of  impartial  liberty. 

He  can  safely  pursue  his  way  under  the  banner  of  freedom  to  the 
foot  of  the  Rocky  mountains  ;  and  there  the  hosts  of  freemen  from 
the  western  coast  will  unite  and  join  under  the  same  banner,  extend 
ing  north  and  south.  Everywhere,  except  in  Missouri,  is  a  land  of 
freedom.  Missouri  stands  an  island  of  slavery  in  the  midst  of  a  broad 
ocean  of  liberty.  You  occupy  not  only  the  pivotal  position,  but  it 
was  your  fortune  to  attempt  this  great  enterprise  in  behalf  of  free 
dom  at  a  critical  period  for  mankind.  Slavery  was  then  just  two 
hundred  years  old  in  the  United  States.  In  the  year  1776  our 
fathers  gave  battle  to  slavery;  the}^  declared  war  against  it,  and 
pledged  their  lives  and  sacred  honor  in  the  service  against  it.  Prac 
tically,  it  was  to  be  destroyed  peaceably  under  the  constitution  of 
the  United  States.  Those  good  men  believed  it  would  reach  its  end 
long  before  this  period ;  but  the  people  became  demoralized.  The 
war  went  back,  back,  BACK,  until  1851 — until  all  guaranties  of  free 
dom  in  every  part  of  the  United  States  were  abandoned,  and  Kan 
sas,  that  had  for  forty  years  been  perfectly  free  from  the  footsteps  of 
the  slave,  was  pronounced  by  the  highest  power  of  the  government 
as  much  a  slave  state  as  South  Carolina.  The  flag  of  the  United 
States  was  made  the  harbinger,  not  of  freedom,  but  of  human, 
bondage. 


338  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

It  was  at  this  crisis  that  the  people  of  Kansas  appeared  on  the 
stage,  reviled  and  despised,  and  lifted  the  banner  of  liberty  on  high, 
and  bore  it  manfully  forward,  defied  all  force,  and  yet  counteracted 
peaceably  all  the  efforts  made  to  subdue  them.  In  three  years  they 
not  only  secured  freedom  in  Kansas,  but  in  all  the  territory  of  th$ 
United  States. 

You  have  made  Kansas  as  free  as  Massachusetts,  and  made  the 
federal  government,  on  and  after  the  fourth  of  March  next,  the 
patron  of  freedom — what  it  was  at  the  beginning.  You  have  made 
freedom  national,  and  slavery  sectional.  Had  you  receded  after  your 
first  conditional  or  provisional  government  was  dispersed  at  Topeka 
by  cannon  and  bayonet;  had  you  surrendered  and  accepted  the 
Lecompton  constitution ;  had  you  even  abandoned  the  Wyandott  con 
stitution,  at  any  stage  of  the  battle,  it  would  have  destroyed  the  cause 
of  freedom  not  only  in  Kansas,  but  also  throughout  the  whole  Union. 

I  know  I  shall  be  justified  in  history;  shall  I  not  be  justified  by 
cotemporaries  ?  Wise,  best,  bravest  of  citizens,  no  other  hundred 
thousand  people  in  the  United  States  have  contributed  as  much  for 
the  cause  of  freedom  as  Kansas.  Before  this  people,  then,  appear 
ing  for  the  first  time,  I  bow  myself,  as  I  have  never  done  before  to 
any  other  people,  in  profound  reverence.  I  salute  you  with  grati 
tude  and  affection. 

Fellow  citizens,  my  time  here,  as  well  as  yours,  is  brief.  It  is  but 
few  of  many  subjects  upon  which  we  can  even  touch.  As  to  the 
least  important  subject  of  all,  myself,  I  give  you,  in  one  word,  my 
sincere  and  heartfelt  thanks.  I  had  formed  my  opinion  of  you  from 
your  past  conduct  and  history.  I  have  not  been  disappointed  in 
your  kindness.  For  all  that  remains  to  me,  give  yourselves  no 
trouble.  Freedom  is  ^aved  and  assured  to  California  and  Kansas, 
and  therefore  assured  to  the  future  states  in  the  Eocky  mountains. 
If  I  may,  indeed,  hope  that  rny  poor  name  will  find  a  place  in  the 
history  of  California  and  Kansas,  then  all  the  ambition  I  have  ever 
cherished  is  more  than  abundantly  satisfied. 

The  second  consideration  to  which  I  would  advert  for  a  moment, 
is  this  sadness  which  lies  like  a  pall  over  a  large  part  of  the  territory 
of  Kansas — the  result  of  the  withdrawal  of  the  rain  for  a  period  so 
long  as  to  excite  apprehensions  of  famine. 

I  have  carefully  examined  the  condition  of  Kansas — the  river 
bottoms  and  the  prairies,  and  my  conclusion  is — not  more  from  the 


THE   IRREPRESSIBLE   CONFLICT.  389 

condition  of  the  crops  than  from  the  character  of  the  people — that 
.there  will  be  no  famine  in  Kansas,  because  there  is  wealth  and  credit 
enough  in  Kansas  to  carry  you  through  more  than  one  year  like 
this.  You  will  take  care  of  this  credit  and  retain  it  so  far  as  pos 
sible.  If  this  will  not  do,  then  appeal  to  your  friends  in  the  east, 
and  they  will  not  allow  you  to  sutfer.  I  myself  will  do  what  I  can 
for  you.  Be  of  good  cheer.  Suffer  yourselves  not  to  be  discouraged. 
There  are  cattle  enough  on  your  thousand  hills,  if  sold — although  it 
is  a  fearful  sacrifice — to  carry  you  through  and  sustain  you  during 
the  winter,  and  still  come  out  in  the  spring  with  milch  cows  and 
working  oxen.  And  we  who  are  here — coining  from  states  whence 
emigration  flows,  and  from  the  Atlantic  states,  where  emigrants  are 
•received  and  sent  onward — will  all  do  our  share  to  direct  emigration 
to  Kansas,  assuring  them  from  our  own  observation,  that  it  is  a  cli 
mate  as  salubrious  as  any  in  the  world,  and  a  soil  as  rich  as  any  the 
sun  ever  shone  upon.  This  is  a  smiling  and  fair  dominion,  and  we 
think,  were  we  set  back  twenty  or  thirty  years,  the  place  of  all  others 
that  we  would  seek  for  homes  in  the  United  States  would  be  the 
plains  of  Kansas. 

One  other  consideration.  When  we  see  before  us  the  transactions 
of  this  day,  do  they  not  illustrate  the  subject  of  the  "  irrepressible 
•conflict?"  Did  not  our  forefathers,  in  1787,  settle  this  whole  ques 
tion,  and,  by  an  ordinance,  put  at  rest  forever  the  question  of  free 
dom  and  slavery  in  the  United  States  ?  Certainly  they  did.  Did 
they  not,  in  1820,  settle  this  conflict  forever?  Did  they  not  declare- 
that  all  north  of  36°  30'  and  west  of  the  Missouri  river  should  be 
given  up  to  freedom?  Certainly  they  did.  Was  it  not  settled  finally 
a  third  time  in  1850,  when  Kansas  and  Nebraska  were  still  saved  to 
freedom,  and  all  lying  west  of  them  ?  Was  it  not  settled  a  fourth 
-time  in  1854,  when  it  was  ordained  that  the  people  of  Kansas  were 
free  to  choose  freedom  or  slavery  for  themselves,  subject  to  the  con 
stitution  of  the  United  States?  Was  it  not  settled  for  the  fifth  time, 
when  the  Lecompton  constitution  was  adopted  by  one  scratch  of  the 
pen  of  the  President  of  the  United  States  and  the  Supreme  Court — 
and  this  became  a  land  of  slavery  ?  Why  was  not  slavery  settled  by 
-all  these  settlements  ?  For  no  other  reason  tha^fcc^s£^£conflict 
was  irrepressible.  But  you  determined,  in  your  struggle  for  Kansas, 
that  she  shall  be  forever  free;  and  that  settles  the  question.  In 
New  Mexico  they  tried  to  settle  it  in  favor  of  slavery,  but  they  now 


890  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

find  it  is  irrepressible  there.  I  think  you  will  find  that  the  whole  battle 
has  been  settled  in  the  deliverance  of  Kansas,  and  that  henceforth 
freedom  will  be  triumphant  in  all  the  territories  in  the  United  States. 

And  yet,  while  this  is  clear  to  these  intelligent,  practical  and  sen 
sible  men  who  have  gone  through  the  problem,  what  a  contrast  is 
seen  here  to  what  is  occurring  in  other  parts  of  the  United  States, 
where  they  suppose,  because  they  are  older,  they  are  so  much  wiser ; 
where  they  believe  me  still  as  false  a  prophet  as  Mohammed.  In 
Pennsylvania  they  have  not  yet  made  up  their  minds  that  there  is 
any  conflict  at  all,  much  less  that  it  is  irrepressible.  In  the  southern, 
states  they  are  actually  organizing  a  militia  against  the  freemen  who 
are  establishing  freedom  in  Kansas  and  New  Mexico,  as  if  the  set 
tlers  in  Kansas  were  no  wiser  than  they  are,  and  would  seek  to 
propagate  freedom  by  the  sword.  When  freemen  want  to  make  a 
territory  free,  they  give  it  ballot  boxes,  and  school  houses  and 
churches  ;  and  slavery  will  never  triumph  where  these  are  first 
established. 

But  to  go  a  little  deeper  into  the  subject.  In  1776  and  1787,  there 
were  wise  men  administering  the  government  of  the  United  States ; 
and  if  you  look  into  their  sayings,  you  will  see  they  had  all  found 
out  that  this  republic  was  to  be  the  home  of  an  ever- increasing  peo 
ple,  so  free,  so  proud,  so  wise,  so  vigorous,  that  they  could  not  be 
confined  in  the  old  thirteen  states ;  they  saw  that  this  republic  was 
to  be  the  home  of  free  men,  of  free  labor,  and  not  slave  labor.  So, 
they  set  apart  all  the  territory  within  their  reach,  i.  e.,  all  they  then 
had  control  over — for  freedom  and  for  free  emigration.  Now,  con 
trast  that  which  was  wisely  done  in  1787  with  what  actually  hap 
pened  in  1820 !  In  1820  it  was  found  that  the  population  of  the 
United  States  had  crossed  the  Mississippi.  Then  what  was  neces 
sary  was,  to  provide  exactly  the  same  kind  of  government  for  the 
territory  west  of  the  Mississippi,  as  had  been  provided  for  the  coun 
try  east  of  it;  so  that,  when  the  government  should  be  extended  to 
the  Pacific,  all  should  be  free.  Could  anything  have  been  wiser  than 
for  government  in  1850  to  have  given  freedom  to  these  territories? 
But  it  did  not.  They  had  previously  given  Missouri  to  slavery,  and 
said  freedom  might  take  the  rest ;  but  now  they  wished  to  block  up- 
free  labor  by  the  barrier  of  slave  Missouri.  Could  anything  have 
been  more  absurd  than  to  thus  attempt  to  stay  the  course  of  free 
men  ?  Either  free  labor  must  go  out  of  the  United  States,  or  it 


FRUITS   OF   THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  891 

rnusc  go  round  Missouri  to  Kansas  and  New  Mexico.  It  did  go 
round  for  a  short  season,  but  then  it  broke  their  barriers,  and  passed 
through  the  very  garrison  of  the  slave  power. 

There  were  long  ago  good  and  brave  men  who  foretold  this  result. 
There  was  John  Quincj  Adams,  who  remonstrated  against  the  exten 
sion  of  slavery  as  political  suicide.  There  were  Henry  W.  Taylor, 
James  Tallmadge,  and  peerless  among  them  all,  Rufus  King,  who 
declared  in  the  senate  of  the  United  States,  that  the  slave  power  in 
Missouri  would  prove  a  mockery ;  that  this  land  was  for  liberty  ; 
and  that  the.  slave  power  would  repent  in  sackcloth  and  ashes.  But 
these  good  men  were  overruled.  Missouri  and  Arkansas  came  into 
the  Union  with  slavery.  And  for  what  reason  ?  It  was  because  the 
slaveholders  had  property — capital  which  must  not  be  confiscated, 
even  to  prevent  slavery  from  being  established  over  as  large  a  domain 
as  half  of  Europe.  This  was  the  reason  the  federal  government 
determined  to  secure  their  slaves  to  the  capitalists  of  Missouri. 
What  capital  had  Missouri  in  slaves  that  was  saved  at  that  time? 
All  the  slaves  in  Missouri  at  that  time,  were  exactly  ten  thousand 
two  hundred  and  twenty  in  number,  and  were  worth  (I  was  born  a 
slaveholder,  and  know  something  of  the  value  of  slaves)  three  hun 
dred  dollars  ahead,  including  the  old  and  young,  the  sick  and  decre- 
pid,  which  made  the  total  value  of  the  slaves  in  Missouri,  in  1820, 
three  million  sixty-six  thousand  dollars.  Arkansas  then  had  one 
thousand  six  hundred  slaves,  worth  four  hundred  and  eighty  thou 
sand  dollars.  The  whole  capital  of  slaves  in  Missouri  and  Arkansas 
was  about  three  million  five  hundred  thousand  dollars,  but  to  save 
that  capital  in  negroes,  the  great  compromise  of  1820  was  made,  and 
those  states  given  up  to  slavery.  Three  million  and  a  half  of 
dollars  was  a  large  sum,  but  nobody  then  or  ever  proposed  to  con 
fiscate  it.  They  were  left  free  to  sell  their  slaves;  they  were  at  lib 
erty  to  keep  them,  so  only  that  they  should  import  no  more.  There 
was  no  need  of  confiscating  the  slaves  in  Missouri  any  more  than 
there  was  in  Massachusetts,  Connecticut,  New  York,  New  Jersey 
and  Pennsvlvania;  so  this  three  million  five  hundred  thousand  dol 
lars  was  never  in  jeopardy. 

Even  if  it  had  been  confiscated,  how  small  a  sacrifice  of  property 
it  was,  weighed  against  the  incalculable  blessing  of  freedom  over  the 
American  continent.  Look  now  at  the  advantages  of  their  success, 
and  see  how  unavailing  are  the  contrivances  of  politicians,  and  even 


392  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  nations,  to  counteract  and  control  the  great  moving  principle  of 
the  age.  We  all  see  plainly  enough  now  that  it  was  preposterous  to 
expect  that  merely  by  making  Missouri  a  slave  state  in  1820,  it 
wonld  follow,  forty  years  afterwards,  when  the  canals  of  New  York 
and  Pennsylvania  were  burdened  with  commerce,  when  steamers 
dotted  all  our  inland  lakes  and  rivers,  when  teachers  and  preachers 
were  abroad  through  the  land,  a  slave  state  could  be  made  out  of 
Kansas?  They  tried  it,  and  what  have  they  got?  They  have 
got  slavery  in  Missouri  and  Arkansas;  freedom  in  Kansas,  and 
practically  in  New  Mexico,  in  Utah  and  California.  That  is  what 
comes  from  attempting  to  bind  up  the  decrees  of  Providence  in 
flaxen  bands  by  human  skill.  Why  did  their  attempt  foil?  It 
failed  because  society  has  its  rights  and  its  necessities.  It  was 
just  as  necessary  that  men  should  move  out  of  Massachusetts 
and  New  York  and  the  western  states,  and  Missouri  even,  into  the 
territories,  as  it  is  necessary  that  Kansas  and  other  territories  should 
receive  them  when  they  have  come.  It  was  just  as  necessary  that 
the  exile  of  Europe  should  have  a  place  where  he  was  perfectly  free 
to  have  no  slaves.  The  movement  of  the  age  is  quickened  by  the 
agency  of  mind  and  of  inventions ;  all  the  operations  of  trade,  the 
arts  and  manufactures,  are  accelerated  by  mechanical  skill.  Who 
thinks  now  of  drawing  himself  to  town  with  a  pair  of  mules?  The 
steam  engine  carries  him  there  with  less  cost  than  he  could  walk  or 
go  on  wagons.  All  the  implements  with  which  work  and  husbandry 
are  done,  are  the  product  of  mechanical  skill.  Every  farmer  sees 
that  by  the  improvements  made  in  the  implements  for  cultivating  the 
soil,  everv  year  he  is  able  to  dispense  with  the  services  of  one  more 
laborer,  who  becomes  himself  an  independent  farmer. 

Europe  has  been  in  a  state  of  commotion  for  more  than  sixty  years, 
and  still  is.  Ireland  was  bound  to  seek  relief;  Germany  was  over 
populated,  and  must  have  an  outlet  for  her  energy  and  labor.  What 
madness  and  folly,  then,  that  the  statesmen  of  1820  should  open  this 
country  to  slavery,  and  instead  of  securing  it  teeming  with  wealth 
and  abundant  cultivation,  should  abandon  it  to  the  production  of 
negroes  at  fifteen  hundred  dollars  a  head  !  It  is  because  I  speak  so 
plainly  of  these  things  that  some  believe  me  not  a  very  conservative 
man.  I  think  you  are  wiser  than  your  fathers,  wherever  you  may  have 
come  from.  I  had  a  father  who  was  a  very  wise  man,  but  I  think  I 
should  be  unworthy  of  him,  had  I  not  sought  to  improve  rny  better 


MISSOURI   AND   SLAVERY.  393 

opportunities  to  become  a  wiser  man  than  he.  It  would  have  been 
much  better  for  Missouri  and  Arkansas  could  they  have  foreseen  the 
consequence  of  their  action.  The  consequence  of  their  embracing 
slavery  is  that  the  tide  of  emigration  in  1820,  which  would  naturally 
have  come  up  the  Mississippi  river,  was  driven  round  into  other 
regions.  Instead  of  entering  at  New  Orleans,  it  sought  the  ports  of 
New  York  and  Quebec,  peopled  the  provinces  of  Canada  and  the 
line  of  the  northern  lakes.  There  are  three  millions  of  settlers  in 
the  provinces  which  slavery  in  Missouri  sent  round  there.  This 
same  tide  of  emigration  peopled  Northern  Ohio,  Wisconsin  and 
Michigan,  and  thence  passed  west  to  Iowa,  Nebraska  and  Kansas. 
Missouri  has  thus  lost  from  her  soil  all  this  population.  At  last  the 
mass  of  emigration  got  to  be  so  dense  that  it  could  not  divide  and 
spread  itself,  so  making  a  great  rush,  it  swept  through  Missouri, 
through  the  very  strongholds  of  slavery.  There  is  not  within  the 
longitude  of  my  voice  probably  one  man,  if  Missouri  had  been  wise, 
and  had  not  driven  emigration  from  its  natural  course,  that  would 
ever  have  set  foot  on  the  soil  of  Kansas.  There  is  population 
enough  in  Kansas  now  to  make  Missouri  a  great  state. 

But  Missouri  does  not  want  to  be  a  great  state.  She  prefers  to 
wait  and  be  a  slave  state.  She  has  no  affection  for  the  people  of  the 
north,  but  a  great  affection  for  the  people  of  the  south.  She  has  no 
affection  for  free  labor,  but  a  great  affection  for  slave  labor.  She 
has  no  free  speech ;  she  is  satisfied  to  have  what  she  may  say,  or 
may  not,  controlled  by  the  slave  power.  This  is  a  sad  c?se  for  Mis 
souri,  but  not  hopeless.  She  must  look  for  deliverance  to  Kansas, 
which  Missouri  at  first  overrun  and  subjugated,  and  which  Missouri 
refused  to  let  come  into  the  Union,  but  which  is  drawing  emigration 
through  Missouri,  and  opening  the  way,  and  marking  out  the  very 
course,  and  inviting  Missouri  on,  and  calling  upon  eastern  capitalists 
to  open  a  national  highway  to  Pike's  Peak  and  California.  Missouri 
to-day  is  richer  by  millions  on  millions  by  the  settlement  of  Kansas 
by  free  men.  All  her  hopes  of  competition  with  the  free  northern 
states  are  based  upon  what  you  are  doing,  and  can  do,  and  will  do, 
to  make  a  Pacific  railroad  through  to  the  Pacific  ocean.  Never  was 
policy  of  any  state  more  suicidal ;  for  either  she  is  to  be  forever  a 
slave  state,  as  she  desires  to  be,  or  she  had  better  have  been  free  from 
the  beginning.  If  she  is  a  slave  state,  she  must  be  a  planting  state 
merely,  and  the  value  of  her  land  would  be  nearly  worthless — for, 

VOL.  IV.  50 


894  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

on  an  average,  the  value  of  land  in  a  free  state  is  exactly  threefold 
the  value  of  land  in  a  slave  state.  Then,  if  Misvsouri  wants  to  be  a 
slave  state,  the  wisest  thing  she  can  do  is  to  do  on  the  west  what  she 
has  done  on  the  east,  namely,  consent  to  be  surrounded  with  free, 
prosperous  states. 

These  free  states  which  you  are  building  in  Kansas  and  Nebraska 
are  showing  and  opening  the  true  national  highway  to  the  Pacific 
ocean.  You  are  producing  around  Missouri  the  influences  which 
they  dread  and  call  abolitionizing.  I  don't  know  any  way  in 
which  such  an  operation  can  be  done  with  so  much  quietness  as  to 
go  round  her,  and  leave  her  to  abolitionize  herself.  She  will  do  it, 
too,  because  Missouri  has  got  capital,  and  she  will  find  out  that  if 
she  is  a  slave  state  and  Kansas  free,  Kansas,  in  twenty  years,  will 
send  more  members  to  congress  than  Missouri — and  people,  though 
slaveholders,  don't  like  to  give  up  political  power. 

Another  lesson  which  this  occasion  teaches  us,  is  instructive  in  an 
eminent  degree.  When  Missouri,  in  1820,  compelled  congress  to 
admit  her  as  a  slave  state,  and  in  1854  to  abrogate  the  Missouri 
compromise,  and  in  1856  drove  all  freemen  from  Kansas,  in  order 
to  have  slavery  in  Kansas,  she  did  not  see  how  futile  would  be  her 
efforts.  Missouri  obtained  these  concessions  for  slavery  from  the 
general  government,  not  because  the  people  of  the  United  States 
love  slavery,  but  because  they  love  the  Union.  But  all  the  efforts 
of  the  slave  power  were  defeated  by  bands  of  emigrants  from 
New  England,  from  New  York  and  other  eastern  states,  from  Ger 
many  and  Ireland — who  came  up  the  Missouri  river,  fearless  of 
cannons,  and  found  the  slaveholders  here  armed;  and  they  drove 
them  out  of  the  territory,  and  established  what  is  called  an  "  Aboli 
tion  "  territory — making  it  a  place  for  connection  by  the  "  Under 
ground  Eailroad "  with  every  state.  Who  would  have  believed 
that  this  could  have  been  done,  and  that  we  should  have  met  here 
to-day  to  celebrate  it  with  all  kinds  of  demonstrations — by  the  firing 
of  cannon,  by  dinners  and  balls — and  the  Union  be  just  as  safe  now 
as  it  was  before  ? 

Another  consideration.  It  is  not  our  choice,  fellow  citizens,  that 
our  lot  as  a  people  is  cast  upon  a  continent,  and  that  we  are  so  con 
stituted  that  in  spite  of  ourselves  we  must  become,  sooner  or  Inter, 
the  possessors  of  the  whole, continent  of  North  America,  from  Bud- 
son's  bay  to  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  from  the  Pacific  to  the  Atlantic 


THE   DESTINY    OF   FREEDOM.  395 

coast.  France  and  Spain  and  Great  Britain,  who  formerly  occupied 
vast  possessions  on  this  continent,  have  been  gradually  giving  way, 
retiring.  Every  year  they  are  weaker,  and  it  is  only  a  question  of 
fifty  or  one  hundred  years,  before  we  shall  be  masters  of  the 
American  confederacy  or  republic,  over  all  this. 

Now,  a  government  which  is  to  be  extended  over  a  continent 
needs  wealth ;  it  needs  riches.  A  great  government  needs  wealth 
in  proportion  to  its  extent;  its  people  mast  have  wealth  as  an 
element  of  their  happiness  and  prosperity.  It  is  utterly  contempti 
ble  and  ridiculous  to  say,  that  the  continent  of  North  America, 
instead  of  being  peopled  by  free  men,  who  are  willing  to  take  it  at 
forty  acres  apiece  and  enrich  it, — instead  of  this,  to  turn  off  all  these 
free  laborers,  and  get  slaves  from  Africa  at  two  hundred  dollars  a 
head.  What  wealth  have  they  in  the  slave  states  ?  I  much  mistake 
if  the  people  of  Kansas  would,  ten  years  hence,  exchange  their 
wealth  for  that  of  the  Old  Dominion — slaves  included. 

Great  nations  require  something  more  than  wealth ;  they  need 
intelligence,  vigor  and  energy  among  the  people.  You  are  to-day 
planted  here,  where,  if,  as  they  apprehend,  the  slaves  become  dis 
contented,  and  the  people  of  the  slave  states  are  to  be  protected,  you 
are  the  very  men  upon  whom  they  must  rely  for  that  protection ; 
you  are  the  men  to  defend  them  ;  you  must  also  raise  the  means  to 
defend  the  national  flag  upon  every  sea,  and  over  all  this  continent. 
Give  men  freedom  ;  then  every  freeman  will  give  you  a  return — an 
equivalent  for  it;  deny  them  that,  and  every  man  becomes  an  alien, 
an  enemy,  under  the  government.  You  remember  how  feeble  and 
defenseless  we  free  state  men  were  ten  years  ago ;  you  see  now  that 
we  are  established  upon  the  Pacific  ocean  and  in  Kansas  in  the  centre 
of  the  continent,  and  we  might  almost  say  that — 

"  We  are  monarchs  of  all  we  survey." 

This  success,  this  power,  has  been  obtained — how  ?  It  has  been 
obtained  amid  reproach,  invective,  against  force,  fraud,  and  the 
power  of  the  federal  government.  This  success  will  soon  be  made 
still  more  apparent  by  the  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln  to  the  presi 
dency.  And  this  victory  has  been  built  upon  nothing  except  those 
smooth,  round  pebbles  with  which  we  laid  the  foundations — and 
the  storms  of  earth  and  hell  shall  not  prevail  against  it. 


396  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

It  Reminds  me  of  that  beautiful  island  of  Capri,  on  which  the 
rocks  are  piled  in  native  deformity,  but  in  native  strength,  upon 
whose  summits  I  found  the  ruins  of  the  palaces  of  Domitian  and 
Nero.  Yet  when  I  entered  a  cavern  on  the  shore,  I  found  that  the 
whole  island  rested  on  a  foundation  of  coral. 

These  are  the  considerations  which  present  themselves  to  me  on 
coming  among  you.  I  have  kept  nothing  back.  Henceforth,  if  my 
confidence  in  the  stability  of  the  American  Union  wavers,  I  shall 
come  here  to  learn  that  the  Union  is  stronger  than  human  ambition, 
because  it  is  founded  in  the  affection  of  the  American  people.  If 
ever  I  shall  waver  in  my  affection  for  freedom,  I  shall  come  up  here 
and  renew  it — here  under  the  inspiration  of  one  hundred  thousand 
freemen,  saved  from  slavery.  Henceforth,  these  shall  not  be  my 
sentiments  alone,  but  the  sentiments  of  ALL.  Men  will  come  up  to 
Kansas  as  they  go  up  to  Jerusalem.  This  shall  be  a  sacred  city. 

For  my  brethren  and  companions'  sake,  then,  I  say — peace  be 
within  your  walls,  and  plenteousness  in  all  your  cabins,  soon  to 
become  palaces.  And  now,  people  of  Kansas,  once  more  HAIL! 
and  at  the  same  time,  Farewell. 


THE   POLICY   OF   THE    FATHEES   OF    THE   REPUBLIC. 

SENECA   FALLS,    OCTOBER    31,  1860. 

A  CRISIS  in  individua]  life  is  when  a  man  passes  through  some 
perilous  accident,  or  surmounts  some  apprehended  mortal  disease ; 
or  else  when  he  falls  before  the  danger,  or  succumbs  to  the  disease 
and  dies.  A  political  crisis,  such  as  we  so  often  hear  of,  is  the 
period  in  which  a  nation — for  a  nation  is  but  a  person,  a  human 
person  consisting  of  many  persons-  -surmounts  some  national  dis 
ease  or  avoids  some  national  peril,  and  takes  new  assurance  and 
long  life,  or  failing  to  surmount  it,  suddenly  or  slowly  languishes 
and  dies.  And  politicians,  availing  themselves  through  the  in 
fluence  of  interest  or  passion,  tell  us  very  often  that  the  town  in 
which  we  live,  or  the  state  in  which  we  belong,  or  the  country  of 
which  we  are  members,  is  in  a  crisis,  misjudging,  because  a  crisis 
occurs  but  seldom  even  in  the  course  of  individual  life,  and  at  very 
distant  periods  in  the  life  of  a  nation.  But  on  all  hands  there  is  an 
agreement  now  that  this  republic  of  ours  is  in  a  crisis,  and  I,  for 
one  confess,  as  I  believe  it  to  be  true,  if  this  republic  passes  safely 
through  this  crisis,  it  takes  assurance  of  long  endurance — practically 
of  immortality ;  and  if  it  fails  to  pass  safely  through  this  crisis,  it 
will  languish  and  die.  To  know  how  to  pass  safely  through  a  crisis, 
it  is  necessary  to  understand  its  nature,  and  to  understand  the  nature 
of  the  present  national  crisis  it  will  be  necessary  for  us  to  go  back 
to  the  beginning. 

I  said  we  must  go  back  to  the  beginning,  and  the  moment  that  we 
go  back  to  the  beginning  of  our  national  existence  we  perceive  the 
fact,  clear,  unmistakable  and  uncontested,  that  this  nation  was  to  be, 
not  a  monarchy,  not  an  aristocracy,  but  a  republican  nation.  That 
can  be  a  republican  nation  only  which  is  a  free  nation ;  and  if  free 
dom  or  liberty  is  a  vital  principle  of  every  republican  government, 
or  every  republican  state,  that  principle  is  that  the  people  must  be 
free  and  must  be  equal.  When  we  say  that  the  people  of  a  country 


398  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

are  free  and  equal,  we  say  precisely  that  that  nation  enjojrs  civil  and 
religious  liberty,  and  that  all,  practically  all,  of  its  citizens  enjoy 
the  rights  and  safety  of  their  persons,  of  freedom  in  the  pursuit  of 
hnppiness,  which  involves  freedom  of  speech,  freedom  of  thought, 
freedom  of  suffrage,  and  above  all  freedom  of  religious  conscience. 

This  you  will  all  recognize,  at  once,  as  the  nature  of  the  republic 
which  our  fathers  intended  to  establish,  and  which  we  all  confess, 
and  the  world  confesses,  that  they  did  establish.  It  did  not  mean 
that  every  human  being  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  govern 
ment  when  it  was  first  established  was,  or  must  immediately  be, 
entirely  free.  That  was  impossible,  because  slaves  and  slavery 
existed  in  the  land  at  that  time,  and  there  was  no  process  by  which 
every  human  being  in  the  United  States?  on  the  first  organization 
of  the  government,  could  be  emancipated,  if  in  bondage,  and  raised 
up  to  freedom  ;  but  it  did  mean  this :  that  the  great  mass  of  the  peo 
ple  were,  and  should  remain  forever  free  ;  that  slavery  should  be  sub 
ordinate,  inferior  in  its  position  to  freedom,  and  that  freedom  should 
be  the  general  and  normal  condition  of  the  country ;  that  there 
after  all  the  changes  shall  be,  not  from  freedom  toward  slavery, 
but  from  existing  and  tolerated  slavery,  upward  toward  freedom. 
This  was  all  that  could  have  been  done  in  the  country,  at  that  time, 
and  this  country  was  in  a  better  condition  to  establish  a  free  govern 
ment,  than  any  other  people  that  had  then  existed  on  the  face  of  the 
globe. 

I  call  your  attention,  then  to  this  fact,  that  there  were  thirteen  of 
those  states — that  this  was  not  to  be  a  consolidated  nation,  consisting 
of  only  one  people,  and  one  jurisdiction  alone,  like  France,  or  like 
Russia,  but  that  it  did  consist  of  thirteen  equal  states,  and  that 
these  states  were  to  remain  thereafter,  and  until  the  end  of  time ; 
and  each  of  them  should  be,  in  a  large  degree,  sovereign  states — 
and  all  of  them,  of  course,  should  be  equal.  That  this  was  to  be  in 
the  beginning  a  republic  of  thirteen  states,  and  that,  as  time  should 
advance,  the  number  should  increase  to  twenty,  up  to  thirty — at 
which  standard  we  have  already  arrived — and  in  distant  years  forty, 
fifty,  or  sixty  states — a  thing  not  impossible,  scarcely  improbable,  for 
in;  ny  to  see  who  are  not  older  than  the  lad  who  sits  upon  the  stage 
before  me. 

Now  none  of  these  states,  practically  none,  with  the  exception  of 
Massachusetts,  scarcely  worth  noticing — no  one  of  these  states  had 


THE    IRREPRESSIBLE    CONFLICT.  o99 

fin  entire  population  of  freemen.  There  were  slaves  in  every  state, 
and  slavery  was  commingled  with  freemen  in  each  one,  and  through 
the  whole  country.  But,  nevertheless,  freedom  was  recognized,  and 
not  slavery,  in  founding  the  federal  government,  as  the  element  which 
prevailed  in  every  one  of  these  thirteen  states ;  and  what  was  to  be 
done  was  to  take  care  that  freedom,  and  not  slavery,  should  predomi 
nate  in  all  the  other  states,  which,  under  any  circumstances  and  at 
any  period,  however  remote,  might  be  adopted  into  the  Union. 

There  was,  as  you  see,  slavery  existing  then  in  every  state  in  the 
newly  formed  Union — and  there  was  freedom  existing  in  it,  and 
these  two  were  in  conflict.  Let  the  silly  person  who  denies  that 
there  is  a  conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery  wherever  they  exist 
in  the  country,  and  that  that  conflict  is  irrepressible,  answer  me. 
Let  him  answer  rne  whether,  taking  the  Declaration  of  Independence, 
which  was  the  first  utterance  of  the  American  nation,  he  does  not 
read  there  in  the  very  first  sentence  of  that  utterance  the  existence 
of  a  conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery? 

He  certainly  will  read  there  the  declaration  that  "  all  men  are 
created  equal,  and  have  inalienable  rights  to  life  and  liberty  and  the 
pursuit  of  happiness."  Did  they  assert  a  mere  truism  which  all  the 
world  accepted,  and  upon  which  all  the  world  have  based  all  their 
institutions,  or  did  they  assert  a  truth  that  other  people  beside  the 
American  nation  denied  and  rejected  ?  They  asserted  a  truth  which 
only  this  nation,  and  none  before  this  had  ever  asserted,  and  which 
was  disputed  in  this  country  at  the  time,  and  was  in  dispute,  and*  is 
in  dispute  still  over  the  whote  face  of  the  globe. 

Let  rne  ask  the  silly  person  who  denies  that  there  is  an  irrepres 
sible  conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery,  whether  every  page  of 
the  history  of  the  United  States  does  not  bear  testimony  to  the  con 
flict  between  freedom  and  slavery  for  the  period  of  eighty  years  that 
this  Union  has  endured  ?  What  else  have  we  had  from  the  begin 
ning  but  attempts  to  compromise — compromises  and  breaches  of 
compromises  of  the  dispute  between  freedom  and  slavery — and  if  it 
was  so  in  the  beginning  and  has  been  so  through  the  middle,  how  is 
it  now  ?  Upon  what  issue  is  the  American  people  divided  in  this 
political  crisisT  except  a  conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery?  So, 
unless  this  conflict  shall  end  in  the  manner  appointed  by  Him  who 
created  and  called  into  existence  all  nations,  as  he  did  all  men,  and 
is  in  favor  of  the  right,  so  it  will  be  an  irrepressible  conflict 


400  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

until  this  nation  shall  cease  to  exist,  and  shall  give  place  to  some 
other  in  which  the  same  conflict  shall  be  renewed. 

There  was  then  a  conflict  between  freedom  and  slavery  in  the  begin 
ning,  and  our  fathers  had  to  choose  between  freedom  and  slavery  as 
the  elemental  and  vital  principle  of  the  republic.  Our  fathers,  dif 
fering  from  their  descendants,  widely  differing  from  you,  strange 
that  it  should  be  so,  were  unanimous  in  accepting  and  adopting  free 
dom  and  rejecting  slavery  as  the  elemental  and  vital  principle  of  the 
republic.  And  not  one  statesman  of  them  all  proposed  at  any  time 
that  all  the  American  states,  all  of  which  practically  were  then  slave- 
holding  states,  should  continue  and  remain  forever  slaveholding 
states,  and  that  every  new  state  which  should  corne  into  the  Union 
through  the  course  of  ages,  should  also  be  a  slave  state.  If  there 
was  one  such  statesman  in  any  one  of  those  thirteen  slave  states, 
pray  name  him  to  me,  because  his  name  and  action  have  escaped  my 
reading  of  history.  Not  one  statesman  of  the  republic  proposed  an 
equilibrium  or  a  balance  in  which  freedom  should  be  one  principle 
and  slavery  another  in  the  United  States.  That  is  to  say,  that  one- 
half  of  the  states  should  be  free  states  and  that  the  other  half  of  the 
states  should  be  slave  states,  and  that  each  should  remain  free  or 
slave  through  all  time  as  they  were  at  the  beginning,  and  that  the 
future  states  one-half  to  be  admitted  to  be  free  and  the  other  half  to  be 
slave,  and  they  should  remain  so  forever.  If  I  am  mistaken  in  this, 
if  there  was  any  statesman  of  that  day  who  proposed  an  equal 
balance  between  freedom  and  slavery,  I  pray  you  to  name  him  to 
me,  because  his  name  has  escaped  my  reading  of  history.  Not  one 
statesman  in  any  part  of  this  republic  proposed  to  leave  the  matter 
to  accident  or  choice,  to  let  freedom  and  slavery  balance  each  other, 
or  the  one  to  prevail  over  the  other,  as  it  might,  careless  whether 
freedom  was  voted  up  or  voted  down,  whether  slavery  was  voted  up 
or  voted  down.  If  there  is  one  of  these  political  philosophers  pro 
posing  the  theory  of  indifference  or  practising  it,  I  pray  you  to 
name  him  to  me,  because  I  have  been  unable  to  find  it  inscribed 
upon  the  history  of  the  fathers  of  the  republic. 

Now  there  was  a  way  in  which  this  Union  could  have  been  estab 
lished  upon  either  of  these  three  principles.  There  was  a  way  in 
which  this  could  haive  been  made  a  republic,  not  of  freedom,  but  of 
slavery.  And  if  there  had  been  statesmen  who  desired  such  a  gov 
ernment,  the  process  would  have  suggested  itself  to  them,  it  is  very 


SLAVE  STATES  AND  FKEE  STATES.  401 

simple,  and  they  would  have  propounded  it  to  the  convention  which 
formed  and  to  the  people  who  accepted  our  state  and  federal  consti 
tution  ;  and  it  was  this :  Prohibit  emancipation  in  all  the  thirteen 
states;  prohibit  emigration  of  foreigners  from  all  countries  into  the 
United  States,  or  any  of  them,  because  foreigners  were  free  men , 
deny  naturalization  to  the  foreigner  who  is  found  here,  and  leave 
him  practically  disfranchised,  and  therefore  in  the  class  of  slaves; 
perpetuate  the  African  slave  trade,  so  that  for  all  time  to  come  the 
future  inhabitants  of  the  United  States,  upon  whom  they  must  depend 
for  labor  and  for  the  great  business  of  society,  should  be  African 
slaves ;  declare  slavery  to  be  not  only  existing  and  the  law  of  the 
land  in  each  state,  but  declare  that  it  shall  be  perpetual.  Declare 
this  and  take  one  step  more.  Let  the  federal  government,  the  con 
gress  of  the  United  States,  shut  up  the  common  domain  upon  which 
the  future  states  were  to  be  created,  that  domain  stretching  between 
the  river  Ohio  and  the  great  lakes  to  the  Mississippi ;  declare  that 
that  domain  shall  be  open  hereafter,  not  to  freemen  at  all,  but  only 
to  slaveholders  and  slavery.  Now  you  see  how  easy  it  would  have 
been  at  that  day,  by  adopting  this  simple  programme,  to  have  made 
not  the  free  republic  which  our  fathers  bequeathed  to  us,  but  a  slave 
republic,  from  the  Atlantic  ocean  to  the  Mississippi  river,  and  from 
the  St.  Lawrence  to  the  St.  Mary's,  which  were  the  original  bounda 
ries  of  the  republic. 

There  was  a  way  also  for  the  statesmen  of  that  day,  if  that  had 
been  what  they  desired  and  what  they  meant,  to  make  a  republic- 
in  which  freedom  and  slavery  should  be  held  in  equilibrium  and 
remain  so  forever.  How  was  this  to  be  done?  Divide  the  thirteen 
orgirial  states  so  that  in  just  one-half  of  the  territory  freedom: 
should  exist  and  slavery  be  unknown,  and  in  the  other  half  slavery 
should  exist  and  freedom  be  unknown.  Admit,  of  all  the  future 
states,  just  one-half  free,  and  the  other  half  slave  ;  open  your  ports 
to  the  emigrant  from  Ireland,  Scotland,  England,  France,  Germany, 
Holland  and  Switzerland;  admit  just  one-half  of  white  labor  of  the 
country  free,  keep  open  the  African  slave  trade,  and  admit  and 
receive  the  other  half  of  the  labor  of  African  slaves — here  you 
would  have  had  that  perfect  equilibrium  between  freedom  and 
slavery  which  those  who  oppose  the  republican  party  say  is  exactly 
the  condition  in  which  the  country  can  live  and  flourish,  and  to- 
which  they  propose  to  bring  it  by  the  policy  upon  which  they  insist. 

VOL.  IV.  .31 


402  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

There  was  a  way  also  for  a  third  system  to  be  established — the 
don't  know  and  don't  care  system — that  is,  that  it  shall  be  a  repub 
lic  of  freedom  or  slavery,  just  as  time  and  chance  and  accident  shall 
determine.  How  was  that  to  be  done?  Why,  if  there  had  been 
any  statesman  of  the  order  of  Mr.  Douglas  at  that  time,  he  would 
have  taken  great  care  that  the  congress  of  the  United  States  should 
have  no  power  to  abolish  the  African  slave  trade,  but  it  should  have 
power  to  admit  at  the  same  time  foreign  emigrants  and  naturalize 
them,  and  that  congress  should  be  pledged  by  the  constitution  to 
admit  a  state,  slave  or  free,  just  as  it  should  come  when  it  offered 
itself,  without  resistance,  and  he  would  have  taken  good  care  to  have 
the  supreme  court  bound  up  so  it  should  not  interfere  with  the  ques 
tion,  and  when  that  was  done,  and  when  that  course  had  been 
adopted,  then  the  slaveholders  would  have  been  invited  to  carry  as 
many  slaves  into  the  territories — new  territories — as  they  could,  and 
the  foreign  laborers  to  go  in  as  freely  as  they  could,  and  as  soon  as 
they  got  into  the  territory  begin  to  vote  it  up  or  vote  it  down,  or  vote 
both  ways,  as  they  chose ;  or,  when  they  were  to  vote  it  up  or  down, 
tiien  invite  the  slaveholders  of  other  states  to  interfere  on  the  side 
of  slavery,  and  then,  failing  to  be  able  to  settle  it  at  the  ballot  box, 
just  resort  to  cannon  and  rifle,  and  what  they  could  not  vote  up  or 
vote  down,  they  would  fight  up  or  fight  down. 

It  is  not  needful  for  me  to  say,  that  such  a  republic  as  would  have 
been  adopted  upon  either  of  these  three  principles  could  not  have 
existed  seventy  years.  It  is  not  necessary  to  prove  that  it  could  not, 
and  therefore  I  pass  it  by,  although  it  is  my  own  opinion  that  a 
republican  government  that  can  stand  at  all,  must  stand  upon  the 
principle  of  liberty  paramount  to  slavery.  The  people  of  the  coun 
try,  then,  having  these  three  systems  before  them,  adopted  one 
entirely  different  from  them  all,  and  that  was  the  principle  of  making 
freedom  paramount  in  the  "federal  government,  everywhere,  so  far 
as  they  could,  to  the  principle  of  slavery.  We  have  grown  to  our 
present  growth  upon  this  principle,  and  it  has  become  the  fixed  and 
settled  habit  of  our  national  life — we  live,  hereafter,  if  we  continue  in 
the  habit  of  preserving  freedom  of  labor  paramount  to  slavery,  and 
we  perish  whenever  we  change  that  habit; — for  it  is  with  nations  as 
it  is  with  individuals — the  nation  that  forsakes  and  abandons  the 
habit  of  health  which  is  essential  in  its  very  constitution,  declines 
and  perishes  as  the  consequence  of  the  departure.  How  was  this 


THE   SYSTEM   OF   THE    FATHERS.  403 

principle  of  freedom  paramount  to  slavery  established  ?  The  fathers 
encouraged  every  one  of  the  thirteen  original  slave  states  to  emanci 
pate  their  slaves  just  so  soon  as  they  could  consistently  with  the 
interest  and  the  comfort  of  society  then  existing.  It  proposed  to 
nobody  to  abolish  slavery  all  at  once,  to  substitute  freedom  all  at 
once ;  it  is  neither  the  course  of  nature  nor  the  course  of  human 
wisdom  to  do  anything  of  a  sudden  ;  but  time  enters  and  is  an  essen 
tial  element  in  all  human  transactions  which  are  wise.  Then  they 
prohibited  the  African  slave  trade,  not  all  at  once,  because  that 
might  produce  a  shock  if  suddenly  done.  But  they  prohibited  it 
•after  twenty  years,  and  said  to  the  slaveholders  and  those  in  the 
slaveholding  interest,  "Make  good  use  of  your  time;  twenty  years 
you  may  import  the  black  bondman  into  the  country,  and  hold  him 
there,  but  after  that  period  there  shall  never  be  another  slave  im 
ported  into  this  Union,  whether  its  institutions  be  free  or  slave  insti 
tutions."  They  took  one  further  step,  and  that  is,  they  invited  the 
foreigners  of  all  lands,  the  free  men  of  all  lands,  of  all  conditions 
and  all  climates,  into  the  country  to  fill  up  the  vacuum  or  void  which 
was  to  be  made  by  preventing  the  importation  of  slaves,  and  de 
clared  that  on  giving  evidence  of  character  and  loyalty,  they  should 
all  become  citizens  of  the  United  States  equal  with  the  native ;  aye, 
even  with  the  first-born  of  the  republic.  They  took  one  further 
step,  and  that  was,  to  make  all  the  future  states  that  should  be 
admitted  into  the  Union  become,  not  slave,  but  free  states, 'by  just 
building  a  wall  along  the  bank  of  the  Ohio  river,  where  all  these 
new  states  were  to  be  erected,  and  said,  this  shall  be  free  soil,  and  it 
shall  never  be  trodden  by  the  foot  of  the  slave,  and  every  state  that 
shall  be  erected  here  shall  not  be  a  slave  but  a  free  state. 

Having  just  accepted  these  few  simple  measures,  the  fathers  sat 
themselves  down  contentedly  and  said  to  themselves:  "It  has  been 
well  and  wisely  done.  True,  we  have  not  all  free  states  and  univer 
sal  freedom,  and  for  the  present  we  have  more  slave  states  than  free ; 
but  we  have  so  arranged  the  forces  of  freedom  and  slavery  in  the 
balance  that  in  sixty  years  there  will  be  more  free  states  than  slave 
states ;  in  eighty  years  there  will  be  twice  as  many  free  states  as 
slave  states,  and  in  one  hundred  years  there  will  scarcely  be  a  slave 
state ;  and  at  some  period,  within  a  hundred  or  five  hundred  or  a 
thousand  years,  every  man  under  the  government  of  the  United 
States  will  be  a  freeman,  and  slavery  anywhere  will  exist  only  as  a 


404  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

relic  of  barbarism  and  inhumanity."  Does  any  man  deny  now  that 
this  was  well  and  wisely  done  ?  If  he  does,  then  he  must  wish  that 
it  had  never  been  done — he  must  wish  that  this  wise  and  judicious 
arrangement  had  never  been  made.  Let  us  see,  then,  what  would 
have  been  the  consequence.  Take  a  single  state.  If  this  arrange 
ment  which  I  have  related  to  you  had  not  been  made,  this  state  oF 
New  York,  which,  in  the  beginning,  when  the  system  was  adopted, 
held  every  seventeenth  person  a  slave,  would  have  been  a  slave- 
state  now.  Does  any  man  living  in  this  state,  or  out  of  it,  in  any 
slave  state,  in  any  foreign  country,  is  there  a  man  who  so  hates  the 
state  of  New  York,  and  so  much  hates  the  human  race  that  he 
would  be  willing  to  have  this,  not  as  it  is  now,  a  free  state,  but  a  slave- 
state?  There  is  not  one  wheel  on  this  river  that  would  be  in  motion 
if  this  were  a  slave  state ;  there  is  not  one  mine  of  salt  or  iron — and 
we  are  not  wealthy  in  mineral  resources — that  would  not  have  closed 
up.  The  city  of  New  York,  a  metropolis  worthy  of  a  great  state,, 
a  metropolis  worthy  of  a  great  nation,  a  metropolis  worthy  of  a  great 
continent,  rapidly  advancing  to  be  the  first  and  greatest  city  of 
modern  times,  and  first,  therefore  and  greatest,  of  all  the  cities  that 
ever  existed  in  the  great  tide  of  time — what  would  it  have  been  now 
if  this  had  been  left  to  be  a  slave  state  instead  of  a  free  state  ? 
Strange  inconsistency  !  You  are  all  contented.  Everybody  is  con 
tented  with  society  as  they  find  it  in  the  state  of  New  York.  We 
would  not  be  changed  backward  for  anything  We  must  be  free. 
But  if  there  are  any  who  think  this  condition  is  confined  to  the  state 
of  New  York,  go  then,  through  Pennsylvania,  New  Jersey,  Connec 
ticut,  Rhode  Island,  Massachusetts,  Vermont,  New  Hampshire,  Mich 
igan,  Ohio,  Illinois,  Indiana,  Wisconsin,  Iowa,*  and  even  Kansas, 
after  the  controversy  is  ended,  and  I  ask  where  is  the  human  being  on 
the  face  of  this  earth  that  is  so  hateful  of  human  happiness,  so  hate 
ful  of  the  good  and  welfare  of  his  -country  and  of  his  race,  that  he 
would  be  willing  to  have  freedom  excluded  from  that  state,  and 
slavery  introduced  in  its  place. 

Suppose  for  a  moment,  that  in  this  state,  instead  of  adopting  the 
policy  of  the  fathers,  making  this  free,  and  seeking  to  make  all  the 
other  states  free  within  the  range  of  its  constitutional  powers, — sup 
pose  it  had  been  a  slave  state,  what  kind  of  freedom  would  the  free 
men  in  it  enjoy  ?  What  would  they  be  enjoying  to-day  ?  Not  free 
dom  of  speaking  just  what  they  think,  or  writing  just  what  they 


A  NATION  FREE  OR  SLAVE.  405 

think,  or  thinking  just  as  they  please,  of  worshiping  God  in  every 
form,  with  every  ritual  that  suits  their  own  conscience ;  but  they 
would  have  liberty  to  write,  to  speak,  to  think,  to  vote,  to  pray  just 
exactly  what  the  slaveholders  desire  them  to  write,  speak,  print,  vote 
and  pray.  Is  anybody  then  discontented  or  dissatisfied  with  the 
existing  condition  of  things  in  the  country  ?  Not  a  man.  Every 
body  is  satisfied  that  it  was  rightly  and  wisely  ordered  in  the  begin 
ning.  If  there  be  anybody  who  is  discontented,  I  pray  him  to 
speak.  Is  this  country  all  too  free  for  you  ?  Is  there  any  danger  of 
its  ever  going  to  be  so  much  more  free  as  to  be  too  free  for  you?  Is 
the  republic  already  too  great  for  you,  and  you  would  have  it  less, 
or  contract  it  in  its  dimensions  ?  Is  the  republic  too  rich,  too  pros 
perous,  our  people  too  happy  for  you?  Its  commerce,  the  second  of 
any  nation  in  the  whole  world,  is  it  too  broad,  is  it  too  enriching,  is 
it  too  refining,  that  you  would  have  it  reduced  ?  Not  at  all.  Shall 
the  influence  of  this  nation  be  broken  up,  and  aristocratic  and  des 
potic  systems  extended  over  the  whole  world?  Do  you  dislike  this, 
would  you  have  this  a  miserable  slave  republic  which  would  be  men 
tioned  in  the  councils  of  kings  and  emperors  and  the  conclaves  of 
aristocrats,  not  with  respect  and  honor,  and  fear,  as  it  is  now,  but 
with  scorn,  contempt  and  reproach  ?  No  I  No  !  There  is  nobody 
wants  the  country  less  prosperous,  less  great,  less  free,  less  powerful 
than  it  is  now. 

But,  going  on  just  exactly  in  the  track  which  was  laid  out  for  it 
by  the  fathers,  it  is  going  to  be  so  much  greater  than  it  is  now,  so 
much  broader,  so  much  wiser  and  happier,  aye,  and  even  so  much 
more  free,  that  those  who  come  fifty  years  after  us,  will  wonder  at  our 
contentment  with  being  satisfied  with  such  a  country  as  we  then  had. 
Now,  does  anybody  want  to  arrest  it?  The  way  that  all  this  is  to 
happen  is  by  multiplying  the  free  states  in  the  west,  and  taking  care, 
as  fast  as  possible,  to  see  that  slavery  is  reduced  and  diminished  in 
the  old  states,  not  by  any  force  that  anybody  is  to  apply,  for  there 
never  was  force  contemplated  nor  used,  but  simply  by  teaching,  by 
example,  that  compensated  labor  is  more  productive  of  wealth  and 
happiness  in  a  society,  than  slave  labor,  that  morality  is  better  than 
-crime,  and  humanity  is  better  than  inhumanity,  and  that  virtue  is 
the  surest  and  safest  guide  to  national  prosperity  and  greatness. 
But  if  anybody  does  want  anywhere  to  arrest  the  growing  pros 
perity  and  greatness  of  the  republic,  there  is  one  simple  way  to  do 


406  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

it.  I  can  show  him  exactly  how  to  do  it.  Encourage  all  the  slave 
states  to  continue  and  to  perpetuate  slavery  forever,  reopen  the  Afri 
can  slave  trade,  and  open  the  public  domain  to  slave  states  instead 
of  free,  and  the  whole  thing  is  done,  secured  to  be  done  at  least,  in 
the  twinkling  of  an  eye.  I  am  sure  that  you  do  not  want  such  a 
sad  perverseness  to  come  over  the  people  of  this  country  as  to  pro 
duce  such  a  shock  and  such  a  change.  Kather  with  me  you  would 
continue  contented,  and  with  the  fathers  reducing  and  circumscribing 
slavery  just  as  they  did,  and  as  vigilantly  as  they  did,  and  then  wait 
to  see  Canada  and  all  British  America  to  the  shores  of  Hudson  Bay, 
and  Eussian  America  to  Behrings  Straits,  and  Spanish  America  to 
the  Isthmus  of  Panama,  and  perhaps  to  Cape  Horn,  all  coming  into 
this  republic  as  they  would  come,  voluntarily,  as  they  could  not  be 
kept  from  coming, — it  would  require  the  sword  to  prevent, — if  you 
would  only  admit  them  as  equal  states  and  carry  to  them  the  bless 
ings  of  your  free  states,  but  not  the  curse  of  slave  states. 

Well,  it  is  sad  to  confess  that  just  what  I  have  been  stating  to  you 
as  the  great  problem  of  our  government,  is  the  very  question  in  tins 
canvass.  The  question  in  this  canvass  is,  whether  we  shall  keep  this, 
nation  a  republic  of  freedom,  or  reverse  all  its  policy  and  henceforth 
make  it  a  republic  of  slavery.  It  were  better  if  it  were  to  be  a  slave 
republic,  better  that  it  were  made  so  in  the  beginning,  than  that  it 
should  have  been  deferred  to  us  to  have  committed  such  a  crime 
against  mankind,  and  change  now  from  freedom  to  slavery.  When 
the  national  pulse  is  healthiest,  when  the  whole  form  of  the  nation 
is  rounded  out  and  full,  and  when  its  habit  of  existence  is  freedom, 
to  change  that  by  injecting  slavery  into  its  veins,  would  be  to  smite 
it  immediately  with  a  poison  under  which  it  would  languish  for  a 
time,  and  dissolve  and  die.  It  could  have  been  made  a  slave  repub 
lic  in  the  beginning  peacefully.  It  could  be  made  a  slave  republic 
now  only  by  revolution,  resulting  in  civil  war  and  anarchy. 

But  how  does  this  question  arise?  It  arises  in  this  way.  There 
is  nobody  discontented  among  us ;  but  south  of  Mason  and  DixonV 
line  there  is  discontentment,  and  unhappiness,  and  despondency,  and 
a  feeling  amounting  almost  to  despair.  South  of  the  Delaware  liver, 
I  should  have  said,  are  six  states  which,  like  the  other  seven,  at  the 
beginning  were  slave  states,  which  declined  to  take  the  advice  and 
counsel  of  the  fathers,  as  the  seven  did,  and  kept  and  continued 
slavery,  ai>d  they  retain  it  yet.  They  are  discontented,  they  are 


- 


THE   DISCONTENTED   STATES.  407 

unhappy.  Have  they  suffered  from  this  being  made  a  free  republic  ? 
If  so,  will  any  one  here  who  sympathizes  with  them,  and  they  Lave 
many  of  that  class,  will  any  one  tell  me  what  wrong,  what  injurious 
measure  any  one  or  all  the  slave  states  in  this  republic  have  ever 
suffered  from  the  policy  which  has  made  this  and  kept  this  a  free 
republic? 

Have  the}?-  not  enjoyed  freedom?  Have  they  not  enjoyed  the 
freedom  of  having  slavery,  and  has  any  one  deprived  them  of  the 
right  or  the  power?  Has  any  one  enjoined  upon  them,  or  enforced 
upon  them,  an  unwilling  duty  ?  Not  one.  Have  they  been  taxed 
oppressively  ?  They  have  submitted  to  equal  taxation,  and  no  other 
can  be  enforced.  Have  they  not  enjoyed  equal  representation  ?  Aye, 
a  representation  equal  to  those  of  the  free  states,  with  the  addition 
of  three-fifths  of  all  the  slaves.  They  complain  of  no  wrong,  of  no 
suffering  that  they  have  endured,  and  they  could  riot  complain,  for 
they  themselves  have  administered  the  government  itself  for  the 
whole  period  of  fifty  years.  They  make  no  complaint  against  the 
government  and  its  action,  as  they  could  not,  because  they  were . 
exercising  the  government,  the  free  states  having  resigned  it  to  their 
hands  in  contentment.  What  then  is  the  character  and  ground  of 
their  discontent?  Nothing  but  this:  That  slavery,  confined  to  the 
natural  increase  of  slave  labor,  and  being  by  its  nature  inert  and 
without  vigor  and  force,  that  slavery  does  not  produce  prosperity 
for  them  equal  to  the  prosperity  which  free  labor  and  freedom  pro 
duce  for  the  states  which  abolished  slavery.  This  is  the  whole  of 
all  the  complaint  they  have — that  we  of  the  free  states  prosper  more 
than  they  of  the  slave  states  ;  they  under  the  system  of  their  choice, 
however,  and  we  under  the  system  of  our  choice.  They  have  still 
another  complaint,  and  that  is  this:  That  free  states  multiply  so  rh.-it 
where  we  had  in  the  beginning  only  one  free  state,  and  they  had  the 
other  twelve,  they  have  now  only  fifteen  slave  states,  and  we  have 
eighteen  free  states,  without  counting  the  last  and  youngest  one, 
which  they  still  continue  to  deny  to  us. 

This  discontentment  it  is  that  works  upon  them  to  desire  to  pro 
duce  a  change.  What  is  that  change  now  which  they  desire  and 
which  they  are  seeking  to  produce,  and  can  be  produced  only  by  our 
consent,  and  we  can  do  nothing  without  taking  their  voice?  It  is  to 
make  no  more  free  states,  or  to  make  less,  or  to  reduce  the  number 
of  free  states  in  the  republic  by  admitting  hereafter  slave  states,  and 


408  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

enable  them  to  provide  the  material  for  these  slave  states  by  consent 
ing  to  reopen  the  African  slave  trade,  and  thereby  reject  the  free  and 
voluntary  emigrant  from  Europe,  excluding  with  him  our  own  chil 
dren  from  the  common  soil  of  the  republic. 

And  now  I  corne  to  the  question,  how  it  happens  that  we  are  in 
the  crisis  which  I  describe  and  confess?  It  is  that  for  the  sake  of 
peace  and  harmony  we  have  gone  so  far  with  them,  conceded  to  their 
discontent  so  long,  that  they  have  proceeded  in  direct  opposition  to 
the  action  of  all  the  social  causes  in  the  country.  They  have  pro 
cured  from  the  congress  of  the  United  States  laws,  from  the  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States  judgments,  which  all  lead  directly  to  enable 
them,  if  we  do  not  prevent  the  further  passage  of  such  laws,  if  we 
<lo  not  prevent  the  further  issuing  of  such  edicts,  if  we  do  not  pre 
vent  the  further  registering  of  such  decrees,  to  reopen  the  African 
slave  trade,  causing  the  territories  which  shall  come  in  hereafter  as 
states  to  be  slave  territory  and  not  free  territory,  or  at  least  so  large 
i\  number  of  them  as  to  subvert  the  balance  of  freedom  which  has 
J>een  established,  and  to  introduce  slavery  as  an  element  in  the  con 
stitution  of  the  republic. 

Now,  fellow  citizens,  I  speak  not  unconscious  of  the  place  where 
I  stand.  I  am  surrounded  by  citizens  of  the  county  of  Seneca. 
That  one  county,  which  has  been  known  to  me  intimately  for  a  long 
period,  that  one  county  lying  between  two  beautiful  lakes,  transpa 
rent  as  crystal,  with  a  soil  as  rich  as  ever  the  human  hand  subjected 
to  supply  the  wants  of  man,  a  county  in  the  very  center  of  western 
New  York,  which  stood  persistently, — I  will  not  say  obstinately, — 
stood  fixed  in  resisting  and  in  dissenting  from  the  people  of  all  the 
counties  of  all  the  region  around  it,  and  maintaining  continually 
toleration,  not  for  freedom,  but  for  slavery,  concession  not  to  freedom, 
but  concession  to  slavery,  and  for  nearly  forty  years  that  I  have 
known  it,  a  balance  of  one  or  two  hundred  votes  turned  the  scale, 
it  ever  it  did  turn,  in  favor  o^f  freedom  (God  be  praised!)  and  the 
balance  turned  it  nine-tenths  of  the  time  I  think  in  favor  of  human 
bondage.  I  know  where  I  stand.  I  know  where  you  stand.  I 
know  that  this  persistency  in  maintaining  arid  defending  slavery 
here,  while  not  you  but  your  neighbors  of  Cayuga  and  Wayne, 
Ontario  and  Tompkins,  and  all  the  other  people  of  this  state,  have 
arrested  the  footsteps  of  the  invader  of  slavery  in  Kansas,  and  turned 
him  back. 


THE   COUNTY   OF   SENECA.  409 

I  know  you  have  not  had  this  design — God  knows  there  is  no  such, 
perverseness  among  men  that  they  can  be  insensible  to  the  difference 
between  right  and  wrong,  justice  and  injustice,  liberty  and  slavery, 
humanity  and  cruelty.  You  have  done  it  simply  because  you  would 
not  listen.  You  had  your  guides,  grown  up  men  as  you  are ;  from 
childhood  up  you  had  your  parties — your  whig  party,  and  your 
American  party,  and  your  democratic  party.  And  they  had  their 
leaders,  and  you  must  take  care  of  the  welfare  of  your  leaders.  You 
must  see  that  they  were  sent  to  the  legislature,  and  sent  to  congress, 
sent  to  the  public  offices,  and  you  had  no  time  to  listen  to  those  who 
told  you  that  the  man  that  you  call  your  leader  is  but  the  ephemeris 
of  the  day,  that  he  perishes  to-morrow,  but  freedom  or  slavery  is  the 
interest  of  humanity  for  all  countries,  for  all  ages. 


TRADE  IN  SLAVES.1 

WE  may  call  slavery  by  gentle  names  or  modest  terms,  but  slavery 
is  nothing  less  than  the  trade  in  slaves,  for  it  makes  merchandise  of 
the  bodies  and  souls  of  men.  The  fifteen  states  have  the  right  and 
have  the  power,  the  unquestionable  and  undeniable  power,  to  carry 
on  this  trade  in  slaves  within  those  fifteen  states  themselves.  We 
do  not  interfere  with  them.  We  have  no  right  to  interfere  with 
them.  They  are  sovereign  on  that  subject,  and  are  exempt  from 
our  control.  But  when  it  comes  to  the  Federal  Union — the  Union 
which  is  the  government  over  us  all — there  their  right  to  trade  in 
slaves  in  the  territories  of  the  United  States  has  ceased,  because  the 
constitution  is  a  constitution  to  establish  justice,  not  injustice;  to 
maintain  peace  not  by  force,  but  by  the  consent  of  the  governed,  and 
to  perpetuate,  not  the  curse  of  slavery,  but  the  blessings  of  liberty 
to  ourselves  and  to  our  posterity  forever.  This  Union  is  this 
nation — is  this  empire  of  thirty  millions  of  people.  It  is  not  made 
for  mere  trade,  much  less  for  trade  in  the  bodies  and  souls  of  men. 
It  is  made  for  the  happiness  of  the  people,  for  the  development  of 
the  material  resources  of  the  country,  to  guarantee  peace  and  safetv 
to  every  citizen  in  this  broad  land,  and  to  guarantee  him  in  the  full 
enjoyment  of  all  his  rights  of  life,  liberty  and  property.  It  opens 
to  him  this  vast  continent  for  the  pursuit  of  happiness,  and  by  its 
power  acting  on  the  governments  of  the  old  world  and  of  the  new, 
it  makes  the  American  citizen  the  citizen  of  the  world. 

1  Extract  from  a  speech  at  La  Crosse,  Wis.,  September  14,  1860. 

VOL.  TV.  52 


THE  REPUBLICAN  PARTY  AND  SECESSION. 

NEW  YORK,  NOVEMBER  2,  1860. 

IT  would  surprise,  I  doubt  not,  the  citizens  of  the  metropolis,  who 
meet  daily  on  'Change,  and  who  are  found  at  night  in  the  political 
and  social  circles,  if  I  were  to  claim  that  I,  whose  home  is  in  a  dis 
tant  rural  district,  feel  an  equal  interest  and  an  equal  pride  in  the 
prosperity  and  greatness  of  New  York.  And  yet  I  know  not  why 
I  should  not.  The  city,  and  the  country  around  which  sustains  it, 
are  not  separate  and  isolated  from  each  other,  but  they  are  parts  of 
one  whole.  The  town  stands  by  common  consent  for  town  and 
country.  Certainly  an  inhabitant  of  the  suburbs  may  justly  feel 
that  he  shares  in  all  the  pride  and  in  all  the  glory  of  the  city,  as  he 
certainly  is  seldom  altogether  exempt  from  its  misfortunes  and  disas 
ters.  But  when  a  city  extends  its  dimensions  so  far  on  all  sides  as 
to  make  the  state  its  suburbs,  and  when,  extending  still  further,  it 
embraces  the  most  remote  regions  of  the  country  within  its  suburbs, 
then  he  who  lives  outside,  as  well  as  he  who  resides  within  the  city 
gates,  feels  his  heart  warm  with  the  impulses  of  patriotism,  for  the 
town  and  the  country  have  become  one. 

In  the  spirit,  then,  of  such  a  pride  in  the  city  in  which  we  stand 
as  a  patriot  may  feel,  I  shall  hope  that  I  can  speak  profitably,  if  I 
treat  of  the  political  questions  of  the  canvass  in  their  relations  to  the 
metropolis  of  the  country.  In  the  beginning  of  our  history  the  city 
of  New  York  was  as  unconscious  of  its  then  future  destiny  as  the 
country  was  ignorant  itself  of  the  destiny  of  the  city.  At  the  begin 
ning  of  this  century,  it  was  a  small  provincial  town.  It  had  just 
lost  the  seat  of  the  federal  government.  Its  inland  navigation  was 
all  included  in  a  sloop  navigation  from  New  York  bay  to  the  over 
slaugh  at  Albany,  together  with  the  navigation  of  Long  Island 
sound.  Public-spirited  citizens  of  New  York  cast  about  to  see  what 
they  could  do  to  continue  the  prosperity  which  New  York  had  then 
recently  enjoyed  in  consequence  of  its  being  the  federal  capital. 


EAKLY   HISTORY   OF   THE    CITY.  411 

They  concluded  that  it  was  useless  to  try  to  make  a  commercial  city 
on  New  York  bay,  because  the  commerce  of  the  country  was  des 
tined  to  be  enjoyed  by  Boston  and  Philadelphia;  and  the  wise  men 
of  the  day,  after  casting  around  for  all  other  resources,  finally  con 
cluded  that  this  island,  upon  which  we  stand,  was  exactly  the  best 
spot  in  the  whole  country  for  the  establishment  of  schools,  which,  by 
bringing  in  pupils  from  large  portions  of  the  surrounding  country, 
would  make  a  tolerably  fair  town  on  Manhattan  island.  I  do  not 
know  whether  the  experiment  was  attempted,  but  if  it  was,  there  is  no 
doubt  that  New  York  was  soon  distanced  in  the  race  of  education  by 
Princeton  and  New  Haven.  I  do  not  know  whether  the  people  of 
New  Jersey  and  the  people  of  Connecticut  had  better  qualifications 
for  instructing  the  young,  but  I  must  confess — and  I  speak  it,  never 
theless,  with  reverence — that  the  Scotch,  the  English  and  the  Irish 
schoolmasters  and  the  Dutch,  which  New  York  city  then  employed, 
if  they  were  to  be  judged  by  those  they  sent  out  into  the  rural  dis 
tricts  in  my  childhood,  were  not  altogether  the  best  qualified  persons 
for  the  task  of  public  education.1 

Manhattan  island  fell,  by  the  dispensation  of  a  wise  Providence, 
within  the  circuit  of  a  great  state  and  a  great  nation,  and  although 
that  state  and  that  nation  thought  little  and  cared  less  for  the  city 
of  New  York,  yet,  like  a  great  state  and  a  great  nation  that  thought 
deeply,  they  thought  long  and  they  cared  wisely  for  themselves. 
The  state  owned  a  broad  region,  rich  in  forest,  mineral,  agricultural 
and  manufacturing  resources,  lying  south  of  the  St.  Lawrence  and 
west  of  the  falls  at  Cohoes.  Any  one  could  see  that  a  great  and 
flourishing  state  must  arise  here  if  this  great  region  could  be  peo 
pled  with  free  men,  intelligent  men,  and  if  its  settlers  could  be 
furnished  with  facilities  for  access  to  this,  the  only  seaport  within 
the  state.  The  United  States  owned  a  still  greater  domain,  lying 
just  west  of  the  domain  of  New  York,  stretching  to  the  Mississippi 
river,  and  bounded  north  by  the  lakes  and  south  by  the  river  Ohio. 
Everybody  did  see  that  the  United  States  must  become  a  great 
-nation  if  they  could  spread  the  civilization  of  intelligent  freemen  over 
this  vast  domain,  and  could  connect  the  seat  of  that  flourishing  por 
tion  of  the  country  with  an  adequate  seaport  on  the  Atlantic  coast. 
Manhattan  island  stood  just  exactly  in  the  point  to  which  all  the 

'Here there  were  cries  of  "  Three  cheers  for  William  H.  Seward,  the  father  of  free  schools!'' 


412  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

commerce  of  western  New  York,  all  the  commerce  of  western 
America  must  converge,  if  only  the  right  policy  was  adopted  to 
concentrate  that  commerce  here.  To  make  this  great  state  and  this 
great  nation  it  required  legislation ;  not  any  exercise  of  power  or  of 
force,  but  only  proper  and  wise  legislation  to  direct  and  invigorate 
the  existing  social  forces  among  us.  Therefore,  nobody  at  that  day 
proposed  to  conquer  any  additional  territory,  or  to  subjugate  foreign 
nations  for  the  purpose  of  increasing  the  greatness  of  our  own. 
What  did  it  require?  You  will  see  in  a  moment  what  it  required 
from  what  was  done.  In  all  the  state  of  New  York,  then,  there 
were  only  three  hundred  thousand  inhabitants,  and  of  these,  every 
seventeenth  person  was  an  African  slave.  There  were  in  the  United 
States  only  four  millions  of  people,  and  of  this  sum  half  a  million 
were  African  slaves.  Everybody  could  see  that  a  great  state  could 
not  be  built  in  New  York  upon  the  basis  of  a  population  consisting 
•of  only  three  hundred  thousand  souls — a  white  population.  Every 
body  could  see  that  a  great  nation  could  not  be  created  in  the  United 
States  upon  a  basis  of  only  four  millions  of  souls,  and  that  at  that 
time  the  element  of  increasing  force  was  the  increase  of  African 
negroes  instead  of  white  citizens,  as  well  in  the  state  of  New  York 
as  in  the  United  States.  The  reason  was  an  obvious  one.  The 
African  slave  trade  was  in  full  force,  and  it  was  vigorously  exer 
cised  for  the  profits  of  the  white  man ;  and  much  as  men  may 
denounce  the  assertion  of  an  irrepressible  conflict  between  freedom 
and  slavery  in  the  same  community,  it  was  apparent  and  manifest 
then  that  this  importation  of  African  negroes  amounted  to  an  exclu 
sion  of  European  freemen.  There  was  a  bounty,  a  bonus  upon 
negroes,  and  there  were  expenses,  burdens,  costs  and  losses  upon 
white  men. 

I  do  not  know  how  it  is — it  is  for  these  philosophers  who  deny 
the  irrepressible  conflict  to-day  to  tell  how  it  is — that  so  early  as  that 
it  was,  as  it  has  been  to  this  day,  that  wherever  a  state  will  admit 
imported  African  negroes,  voluntary  emigrants  from  Ireland,  Eng 
land  and  Germany  will  not  go.  What  was  to  be  done  ?  To  make 
this  great  state,  and  this  great  nation,  manifestly  required  to  dimin 
ish  the  vigor  of  the  African  labor  force — to  diminish  it  and  arrest  it, 
and  on  the  other  hand  to  stimulate  and  invigorate  the  force  of  free 
emigration.  Does  anybody  doubt  that?  It  required,  secondly,  a 
system  of  internal  improvements  to  be  commensurate  with  the  great- 


THE   EARLY   POLICY.  41S 

ness  of  the  regions  which  were  thus  to  be  inhabited,  and  it  required 
that  the  free  labor  population  should  be  educated  and  trained  so  as 
to  be  able  to  maintain  a  republican  government.  This  thing  required 
the  cooperation  of  the  federal  legislature,  and  of  the  state  legislature. 
The  federal  legislature  addressed  themselves  to  their  work  in  the 
convention  which  framed  the  constitution,  and  in  the  congress  which 
succeeded  the  constitution.  These  three  federal  legislative  efforts 
settled  the  whole  matter  in  a  manner  simple  and  practical.  It  did 
not  extirpate  or  attempt  to  extirpate  African  slavery.  It  did  not 
emancipate  or  attempt  to  emancipate  the  African  slaves.  It  did  not 
even  arrest  at  once  the  African  slave  trade ;  but  it  did  encourage  all 
the  slave  states  to  remove  slavery  themselves  as  soon  as  they  practi 
cally  could  without  disturbing  the  peace  and  order  and  the  interests 
of  society,  of  which  the  states  were  left  the  sole  judges.  The  next 
step  that  they  took  was  to  prohibit  the  African  slave  trade,  not  im 
mediately,  but  after  the  expiration  of  twenty  years,  and  to  declare 
that  from  and  after  that  time  no  African  slave  should  ever  be  intro 
duced  into  the  United  States.  They  took  one  step  now  on  the 
side  of  free  labor.  They  encouraged  free  labor  by  federal  laws,  by 
inviting  the  emigrant  from  Europe,  the  exiled  poor  and  pennilessr 
no  matter  whether  he  were  catholic  or  protestant,  or  Jew,  or  Greek, 
or  Gentile — no  matter  whether  he  were  an  Englishman,  or  a  Ger 
man,  or  a  Pole,  or  a  Hungarian — they  invited  him  to  come ;  and 
insomuch  as  the  cost  of  transportation  was  great  and  the  voyage 
hazardous,  they  declared  that  he  might  sell  his  labor  which  he 
should  perform  for  years  after  his  arrival  to  pay  the  expenses  of  his 
transportation  to  this  free  land  from  his  native  soil.  They  took  one 
other  broad  and  liberal  step,  and  that  was,  they  declared,  by  laws- 
of  uniform  naturalization,  that  the  freeman  immigrating  into  this 
country,  from  whatever  land,  should,  after  sufficient  probation  to 
establish  his  character  and  his  loyalty,  be  admitted  as  a  citizen  of  the 
republic,  and  of  every  state  in  it,  too,  whether  free  state  or  slave 
state,  on  the  same  footing  with  the  native  born.  They  took  one 
more  step,  more  effective  than  all  the  rest,  and  that  is  that  they  shut 
up  the  whole  of  the  unoccupied,  unsettled,  national  domain,  upon 
which  all  the  future  states  were  to  be  erected — they  shut  it  up 
against  slavery  and  the  slave  forever.  This  is  what  the  federal 
legislative  authority  did. 


414  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

Hear,  now,  what  the  states  did.  The  prize  of  commercial  great 
ness  and  glory  was  equally  sought  by  the  thirteen  states.  Seven 
seconded  the  wise — I  had  almost  said,  and  will  say — the  pious  policy 
of  the  federal  government,  and  abolished  slavery  from  all  their  bor 
ders.  Not  all  at  once — not  by  violence — not  by  confiscation ;  but 
they  took  such  measures  in  the  year  1800  or  thereabouts,  that 
whereas,  in  the  year  1800  every  twenty-eighth  person  was  a  slave,  in 
1828  not  one  slave  was  found  upon  the  soil  of  the  state  of  New  York. 
Six  others  of  the  states  followed  in  the  same  policy.  But  six  more, 
— the  more  southern  states — declined  to  pursue  that  policy,  but  they 
still  determined  to  compete  for  the  great  national  commercial  prize. 
The  state  of  New  York  had,  in  its  early  days,  enlightened  states 
men — men  who  had  not  learned  the  demoralizing  doctrine  of  the 
times,  that  virtue  and  freedom  enfeebled  the  state,  and  that  slavery 
is  the  necessary  element  of  national  greatness.  Among  the  great 
men  and  great  statesmen  and  patriots  of  that  early  period  were 
Christopher  Colles,  Hamilton,  Jay,  the  Clintons,  Tompkins  and 
Rufus  King;  and  coming  later,  but  not  unworthy  of  the  noble  asso 
ciation,  John  W.  Francis,  of  the  city  of  New  York.  The  thoughts 
of  these  enlightened  men,  then  called  speculation  and  imagination, 
filled  the  age  in  which  they  lived,  and  they  projected,  and  there  have 
sin<  e  been  completed  all  the  great  thoroughfares  of  commerce,  from 
New  York  bay  to  the  St.  Lawrence  and  the  lakes.  And  other  states 
have  continued  the  work  until  these  same  channels  of  intercourse 
and  commerce  between  the  city  of  New  York  and  other  portions  of 
the  continent  now  reach  the  very  borders  of  our  civilization  in  the 
west.  One  thing  more  was  necessary,  and  that  was  education — edu 
cation  for  a  free  people.  The  foundation  of  a  system  of  education, 
equally  fair,  just  and  impartial,  among  all  the  classes  of  the  citizens, 
was  laid  in  the  state  at  an  early  day,  and  after  much  attention  was 
finally  introduced  and  established  permanently  in  the  city  of  New 
York.  Here,  fellow  citizens,  I  have  told  you  in  these  very  few 
words  the  whole  foundation  of  all  the  prosperity  of  the  state  of  New 
York,  which  now,  after  a  period  of  only  sixty  years,  counts  a  popu 
lation  of  four  millions,  and  a  commerce  surpassing  all  the  other 
states,  as  well  as  the  foundation  of  the  prosperity  of  the  United  States, 
which  now,  instead  of  four  millions,  counts  thirty  millions — and 
which  have  established  in  the  city  of  New  York,  as  the  one  port 
which  alone  was  adequately  adapted  to  the  commerce  inland,  sur- 


NEW   YORK   FOR    FREEDOM.  415 

passing  that  of  any  other  capital,  and  a  foreign  commerce  second  only 
to  one  in  the  world.  Surely  if,  instead  of  being  now  before  the 
citizens  of  this  metropolis  of  this  great  state  of  the  United  States, 
I  had  told  this  story  to  a  stranger  in  a  foreign  land,  he  would  have 
said:  "You  have  told  me  of  that  Atlantis — that  happy  republic 
which  the  ancient  philosophers  conceived,  and  the  ancient  poets  sung, 
and  which  the  hard  experience  of  mankind  has  hitherto  proved  to 
be  an  impossibility  and  a  fabrication." 

And  now  for  the  future  of  New  York.  I,  myself,  when  I  was 
even  older  than  some  beardless  hearers  before  me,  sought  recreation 
and  rest  out  of  the  city  of  New  York  by  hanging  around  the  open 
tomb  of  the  Potters  field,  and  what  is  now  Washington  square.  I 
think  a  very  able  and  ingenious  writer  in  a  morning  newspaper  yes 
terday  called  my  attention  to  the  fact  that,  to  a  certainty  established 
by  demonstration,  within  a  period  of  one  hundred  and  fifty  years 
the  population  of  the  United  States  will  be  three  hundred  mil 
lions — that  it  would  surpass  China.  I  doubt  not  his  figures  are  accu 
rate.  What,  then,  is  it  to  be  fifty  years  hence? — for  it  is  a  gradual 
progression.  What  a  hundred  years  hence — only  a  hundred  years — 
is  to  be  the  magnitude  and  the  population  of  the  city  of  New  York? 
Take  into  view  only  one  agency — two  agencies — the  combination  of 
the  great  state  of  New  York  arid  of  the  United  States  in  increasing 
their  own  greatness,  and  the  greatness  and  glory  and  magnificence  of 
New  York  city  follow  as  its  legitimate  result.  This  commerce  is  to 
be  soon  not  merely  a  national  commerce,  but  the  commerce  of  the  con 
tinent  of  America.  I  need  not  tell  you.  that  the  port  which  enjoys 
the  commerce  of  the  continent  of  America,  commands  at  once  the 
commerce  of  the  globe.  You  have  now  seen  what  it  is,  and  you 
have  seen  what  has  produced  it.  What  remains  is  to  consider  what 
is  needful  to  secure  that  future  for  the  city,  as  well  as  for  the  coun- 
trv  for  which  you  as  well  as  myself  are  necessarily  and  naturally  and 
justly  so  ambitious.  What  can  it  be,  my  dear  friends?  What  can  it 
be  that  is  needful  to  be  done  but  to  leave  things  to  go  on  just  exactly 
as  they  have  gone  on  hitherto ;  to  leave  slavery  to  be  gradually,  peace 
ably  circumscribed  and  limited  hereafter,  as  it  has  been  hitherto,  and 
to  leave  the  increase  of  our  own  white  population,  and  the  increase 
by  foreign  immigration  to  go  on  just  exactly  as  they  are  already 
going  on,  and  to  leave  the  canals  and  railroads  in  full  operation  as 
they  are,  and  to  leave  your  systems  of  education  and  toleration  to 


416  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

stand  on  the  basis  on  which  they  now  rest.  There,  if  you  please,  is 
what  I  understand  by  republicanism.  I  do  not  know  what  com 
plexion  it  wears  to  your  glasses,  but  I  do  know  that  men  may  call  it 
black,  or  green,  or  red,  but  to  me  it  is  pure,  unadulterated  republi 
canism  and  Americanism. 

That  is  the  whole  question  in  this  political  canvass.  There  is  no- 
more.  If  you  elect  that  eminent,  and  able,  and  honest  and  reliable 
man,  Abraham  Lincoln,  to  the  presidency,  and  if,  as  I  am  sure  you 
will  during  the  course  of  the  next  four  years,  you  constitute  the 
United  States  senate  with  a  majority  like  him,  and  at  the  present 
election  establish  the  house  of  representatives  on  the  sameJbasis,  you 
have  then  done  just  exactly  this:  you  have  elected  men  who  will 
leave  slavery  in  the  United  States  just  exactly  where  it  is  now,  and 
who  will  do  more  than  that — who  will  leave  freedom  in  the  United 
States,  and  every  foot  and  every  acre  of  the  public  domain,  which 
is  the  basis  of  future  states,  just  exactly  as  it  is  now.  There  are 
laws  of  congress;  there  are  edicts  of  presidents  and  governors; 
there  are  judgments  or  pretended  judgments  of  the  supreme  court, 
which  have  a  tendency  if  they  should  stand,  and  if  they  should  be 
continued  and  renewed  by  future  presidents,  and  future  congressesr 
and  future  judges  of  the  supreme  court,  to  change  all  this  thing,  to 
put  slavery  over  into  the  free  states  again,  and  to  send  slavery  into, 
and  freedom  out  of  the  territories  of  the  national  domain.  All  that 
we  propose  to  do,  all  that  you  will  do,  and,  God  be  thanked,  all  that 
it  is  needful  to  do,  is  to  take  care  that  no  more  such  laws,  no  more 
such  edicts,  no  more  such  judgments  or  pretended  judgments  shall 
be  rendered.  Why,  then,  since  it  is  so  simple,  shall  you  not  go  on 
in  the  same  way  which  was  begun  by  your  fathers,  and  which  has 
been  prosecuted  so  long  and  with  so  much  success  ?  They  tell  us 
that  we  are  to  encounter  opposition.  Why,  bless  my  soul,  did  any 
body  ever  expect  to  reach  a  fortune,  or  fame,  or  happiness  on  earth, 
or  a  crown  in  Heaven,  without  encountering  resistance  and  opposi 
tion  ?  What  are  we  made  men  for  but  to  encounter  and  overcome 
opposition  arrayed  against  us  in  the  line  of  our  duty.  But  whence 
comes  this  opposition?  What  is  it?  I  have  already  alluded  to  the 
fact  that  fifty  years  ago,  when  the  seven  northern  states  abolished 
slavery  the  six  southern  ones  did  not  see  their  interest  in  the  same 
way,  and  they  declined  to  second  or  adopt  the  policy  of  the  day  and 
of  the  age,  and  having  retained  slavery,  and  the  world  found  out 


,         NEW   YORK   AND   NEW   ORLEANS.  4:17 

just  about  the  same  time  the  usefulness  of  cotton  as  a  fabric  or 
material  for  human  clothing,  and  an  invention  was  made  which 
rendered  'its  manufacture  easy. 

Then  the  slave  states,  retaining  their  slave  labor,  proceeded  to 
build  up  a  great  interest  on  the  growth  of  cotton,  and  when  they 
had  grown  cotton,  and  made  it  a  great  material  interest  in  the 
country,  they  then  fell  down  before  it,  and  did  homage  to  it.  I  do 
not  say  they  paid  worship  to  it;  but  they  anointed  it  king,  and  they 
pronounced  allegiance  to  cotton  to  be  a  political  duty.  Did  any 
body  interfere  with  that  homage?  Did  anybody  complain  of  it? 
Never.  They  were  men  at  liberty,  like  ourselves,  to  raise  a  com 
mercial  and  political  king — a  social  king — within  the  republic.  But 
they  set  up  the,  throne  in  our  midst,  and  said  that  we  must  bend 
and  bow  to  cotton.  But  from  that  requirement  we  have  modestly 
but  firmly — not  always  very  firmly,  neither — but  with  tolerable 
persistence,  declined  to  comply.  Now  they  find  that  this  system 
does  not  build  up  great  states  like  New  York,  but  on  the  other 
hand  that  the  six  states  which  pursued  their  system  have  remained 
stationary,  or  relatively  so.  The  greatest  and  finest  site  for  com 
merce  on  this  continent  is  New  Orleans,  and  in  early  life  I  made  a 
pilgrimage  there  to  see  whether  it  was  not  true  that  New  Orleans 
was  to  supersede  and  supplant  New  York,  the  capital  of  my  native- 
state,  as  the  seat  of  commerce  on  this  continent.  I  found  that 
whereas  there  were  some  ten  times  the  population  in  New  York 
that  there  was  in  New  Orleans,  that  it  was  increasing  in  a  ratio  of 
such  magnitude  that  when  New  Orleans  would  have  a  quarter  of  a 
million  New  York  would  have  a  million  and  a  half.  Shall  I  tell 
you  the  reason  ?  I  found  it  in  the  fact  that  when  I  went  out  in  the 
night  in  the  city  of  New  York,  I  saw  the  cobbler's  light  twinkling- 
in  his  window  in  the  gray  of  the  morning  or  late  at  night.  I  saw 
everything  made,  as  well  as  sold,  in  New  York ;  but  when  I  came 
to  the  city  of  New  Orleans  I  found  there  that  everything  was  sold 
and  nothing  was  made.  After  trying  in  vain  to  find  any  article  of 
human  raiment  that  was  made  in  New  Orleans,  I  did  see  upon  a 
sign  opposite  the  St.  Charles  hotel  this  inscription :  "  "Wagons,  carts 
and  wheelbarrows  made  and  sold  here."  I  said,  I  have  found  one 
thing  that  is  made  in  New  Orleans!  coarse  wagons,  carts  and  rough 
and  rude  wheelbarrows,  but  on  crossing  to  inspect  the  matter  a  little 
more  minutely,  before  entering  it  in  my  notes.  I  found  that  I  tad 

VOL.  IV.  5:1 


418  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

overlooked  some  words  printed  in  smaller  letters,  "  at  New  Haven," 
and  that  the  sign  was  rightly  to  be  read :  "  Wagons,  carts  and 
wheelbarrows  made  at  New  Haven  and  sold  here."  Fellow  citizens, 
this  is  not  a  reproach.  It  is  not  spoken  reproachfully,  it  would  ill 
become  me  to  so  speak  it.  But  it  is  their  system.  They  employ 
slaves,  and  in  New  York — I  was  going  to  say  that  we  employ,  but 
I  think  I  will  reverse  it  and  say  that  freemen  employ  their  masters, 
the  manufacturers.  This  is  but  an  illustration.  The  principle  is 
the  same  in  every  department  of  industry  and  manufacture. 

^.QW,.the_sJave. states ..nQLonly-biiild.no^ifiat.Qities,  but  they  build 
no  great  states,  compared  with  these  states — these  free  states.  There 
is  one  other  distinction,  and  that  is,  the  free  states  multiply  and 
replenish  the  continent  with  free  states,  but  the  slave  states  fail  to 
multiply  and  replenish  the  continent  with  slave  states.  And  they 
say  that  the  reason  is  not  in  the  nature  of  slavery  and  freedom, 
relatively,  themselves,  but  in  the  injustice  of  not  allowing  them  to 
establish  slave  territory ;  and  they  are  going  to  say  next,  as  they 
logically  must,  that  they  should  reopen  the  African  slave  trade,  and 
so  furnish  the  supplies  for  slavery.  The  opposition  is  founded  upon 
these  facts;  is  it  reasonable  to  concede  to  it?  We  cannot  concede 
to  it  unless  we  are  willing  to  wreck  the  prosperity,  and  growth,  and 
greatness  of  our  city,  of  our  state  and  of  our  country.  That  would 
seem  an  end  of  the  argument,  but  they  then  resort  to  terror  and  to 
menace.  They  tell  us  that  they  will  withdraw  their  trade  from  the 
city  of  New  York,  unless  she  will  vote — unless  her  citizens  will  vote 
— as  they  require  them  to  vote — as  their  supposed  interest  dictates. 
Is  it  best  to  yield  to  that?  Why,  New  York  is  not  a  province  of 
Virginia  or  of  Carolina,  any  more  than  it  is  a  province  of  New 
Jersey  or  Connecticut.  New  York  is  the  metropolis  of  the  country. 
New  York  must  be  the  metropolis  of  the  continent.  Her  commerce, 
like  her  principles,  must  be  elevated,  equal,  just,  impartial  toward 
every  state.  Toward  freedom,  at  least,  if  it  must  be  tolerant  of 
slavery.  But  they  proceed  to  tell  us  that  if  we  do  not  concede  to 
their  demands  they  will  secede  and  dissolve  the  Union.  Will  they? 
Shall  we  then  surrender?  That  involves  the  question  whether  they 
will  secede  arid  dissolve  the  Union  if  we  do  not.  What  then  is  it 
we  propose  to  do  which  they  require  us  not  to  do?  Why,  it  is 
simply  to  vote  for  the  man  we  prefer  over  the  three  men,  or  the  no 
man  which  they  prefer.  Is  there  any  offense  in  that?  That  is  just 


SECESSION   CONSIDERED.  419 

what  the  constitution  says  we  may  do,  and  insomuch  as  there  must 
necessarily  be  differences  of  opinion  among  men,  the  constitution 
requires  every  man  to  vote,  not  for  the  person  somebody  else  has 
selected,  but  the  man  he  himself  prefers  to  have  elected.  Well, 
they  say  that  they  must  nevertheless  take  offense,  and  we  ask  them 
why,  if  this  is  right?  "Why,  yes,  so  far  you  are  all  right,"  say 
thev.  "  Why,  then,  will  you  dissolve  ? "  They  reply  :  "  We 
will  dissolve  because  that  Mr.  Lincoln  and  a  republican  con 
gress  will  commit  aggressions  upon  us  after  they  are  elected." 
u  Very  well,"  we  say,  "  but  is  it  not  prudent — is  it  not  reasonable — 
to  wait  for  them  to  be  elected  first,  and  then  to  commit  the  aggres 
sions,  or  attempt  to  commit  them  ?"  They  answer,  "No;  we  can 
not  afford  to  wait  for  the  overt  act,  because  that  overt  act  may  never 
be  committed,  and  if  it  shall  be  committed  we  shall  have  become  so 
much  demoralized  that  we  cannot  resist  after  that."  Well,  I  will 
not  argue  the  latter  point,  for  I  do  believe  better  of  them  than  they 
proclaim  of  themselves.  I  know  their  humanity,  their  spirit,  their 
courage  and  their  chivalry,  and  I  know  enough  of  human  nature  to 
know  also,  that  he  that  waits  until  an  overt  act  is  committed  before 
he  strikes  back,  will  be  able  to  recover  his  rights  a  thousand  times 
sooner  than  he  who  strikes  before  any  overt  act  is  committed. 

But  why  shall  we  expect  that  the  president,  Mr.  Lincoln,  and  his 
cabinet,  and  the  congress,  will  commit  aggressions  against  the  slave 
states?  They  cannot  do  it  constitutionally,  and  what  they  cannot 
constitutionally  do  cannot  be  done.  Besides,  who  are  these  men 
who  are  destined  to  commit  these  unconstitutional  aggressions? 
They  are  citizens  of  the  LTnited  States,  chosen  by  their  fellow  citi 
zens,  as,  if  not  altogether  the  best,  yet  from  the  best  of  every  part 
of  these  United  States.  Are  they  less  likely  to  be  honest,  and  just, 
and  wise,  and  prudent  statesmen  than  the  men  selected  from  the 
same  constituency  who  have  heretofore  been  chosen  to  fill  the  same 
places?  Aye,  they  tell  us  this  republican  party  is  driven  on  by 
enthusiasts,  and  madmen,  and  fanatics,  and  these  will  control  instead 
of  being  restrained  by  their  associates.  This  republican  party  that 
next  Tuesday  is  to  elect  Abraham  Lincoln  president  of  the  United 
States,  what  will  it  be  but  a  majority  of  the  American  people?  If 
it  is  less  than  that  it  cannot  elect  anybody,  and  if  it  elects  anybody 
it  will  be  precisely  the  same  American  people  that  has  tolerated  the 
government  in  the  abuse  of  constitutional  powers,  out  of  tenderness 


420  POLITICAL  SPEECHES. 

to  the  south  and  to  the  slave  states,  for  a  period  of  fifty  years.  It 
will  be  as  forbearing  still  as  it  can  be,  and  maintain  the  principles 
of  freedom,  and  to  maintain  those  principles  as  I  have  already  shown 
yon,  involves  no  action  of  the  government  in  any  unconstitutional 
mode. 

The  election  of  a  chief  magistrate  of  a  great  republic  of  thirty 
millions  brings  every  party  and  every  interest  to  use  the  best  argu 
ments  to  sustain  its  cause  that  it  has.  We  give  them  the  arguments 
which  have  been  submitted  to  you  so  often  here,  and  which  I  have 
attempted  to  renew  to-night.  They  give  us  in  return— what?  De 
nunciation  and  threat.  Well,  these  are  not  a  very  effective,  they 
are  not  a  very  logical  form  of  argument,  but  they  are  not  to  be 
blamed  who  use  them  for  that — they  are  all  the  arguments  they 
have.  And  what  is  it  our  duty  to  do?  To  threaten  back  again  ? 
To  fulminate  menace  for  menace  and  denunciation  for  denunciation  ? 
No ;  but  to  listen  and  hear  with  patience,  with  kindness,  with  fra 
ternal  feeling  and  sympathy.  For  we  do  expect  them  to  hear  our 
arguments,  and  our  arguments  are  much  harder  to  bear  than  theirs. 
I  do  not  think  these  threats  before  election  are  evidences  of  revolu 
tion  or  disunion  after  the  election,  for  the  simple  reason  that  I  have 
always  found  that  the  man  who  does  intend  to  strike  a  fatal  blow 
does  not  give  notice  so  long  beforehand.  And  for  ten,  aye,  twenty 
years,  these  threats  have  been  renewed,  in  the  same  language  and  in 
the  same  form,  about  the  first  day  of  November  every  four  years,, 
when  it  happened  to  come  before  the  day  of  the  presidential  election. 

I  do  not  doubt  but  that  these  southern  statesmen  and  politicians- 
think  they  are  going  to  dissolve  the  Union,  but  I  think  they  are 
going  to  do  no  such  thing ;  and  I  will  tell  you  in  a  very  few  words 
why.  He  who  in  this  country  thinks  that  this  government  and  this 
constitution  can  be  torn  down,  and  that  this  Union  of  states  can  be 
dissolved,  has  no  faith — first,  in  the  constitution  ;  he  has  no  faith  in 
the  Union,  no  faith  in  the  people  of  the  states,  no  faith  in  the  people 
of  the  Union,  no  faith  in  their  loyalty,  no  faith  in  reason,  no  faith 
in  justice,  no  faith  in  truth,  no  faith  in  virtue.  I  am  not  unwilling 
to  see  the  members  of  that  class  of  the  American  people  brought 
up,  so  that  we  may  see  them  altogether.  For  my  part,  I,  on  the 
contrary,  have  faith  in  the  constitution,  faith  in  the  Union,  faith  in 
the  people  of  the  states,  faith  in  the  people  of  the  Union,  faith  in 
freedom,  faith  in  justice,  faith  in  virtue,  and  faith  in  humanity.  The 


SECESSION   CONSIDERED.  421 

constitution  and  the  Union  have  stood  eighty  years  only  upon  the 
foundation  of  such  a  faith  existing  among  the  American  people.  It 
will  stand  and  survive  this  presidential  election,  and  forty  presiden 
tial  elections  after ;  aye,  I  trust  a  hundred  and  a  thousand,  because 
the  people,  since  the  government  was  established,  have  grown  wiser, 
more  just,  humane  and  virtuous  than  they  were  when  it  was  esta 
blished. 


SECESSION  AND  DISUNION.1 

IT  has  been  said  that  Alabama  and  Mississippi  and  Louisiana  and 
Florida  and  South  Carolina  will  go  out,  and  then  the  Union  will 
be  dissolved.  They  say,  "  you  will  not  try  to  take  us  back ;  you 
will  not  dare  to  imbrue  your  hands  in  brothers'  blood  to  reestablish 
by  force  of  conquest  a  Union  which  we  have  repudiated  and  dis 
solved."  They  are  right.  We  do  not  propose  to  do  any  such  thing. 
If  it  were  possible  I  should  like  to  see  the  experiment  of  old 
Massachusetts  going  out  and  endeavoring  to  carry  Plymouth  rock 
with  her,  or  I  would  like  to  see  New  York  go  out  and  carry  the 
harbor  and  Catskill  mountains  with  her.  What  do  you  think  the 
rest  of  the  states  would  say?  I  think  they  would  fold  their  arms 
and  see  whether  they  behaved  themselves,  and  they  would  let  them 
stay  out  just  as  long  as  they  behaved  themselves.  Well,  what  would 
they  do  if  they  got  out  and  did  not  behave  themselves?  If  New 
York  should  levy  taxes  and  imposts,  and  instead  of  paying  them 
into  the  national  exchequer  should  keep  them  on  her  own  account, 
that  would  not  be  behaving  well.  Those  who  think  that  for  nothing 
or  for  any  imaginary  cause,  the  Union  is  to  be  dissolved  or  destroyed, 
have  no  idea  of  the  nature  of  the  government  under  which  they 
live,  or  of  the  character  of  the  people.  Go  on,  then,  and  do  your 
duty.  The  lesson  of  public  life  is  one  that  is  easy  to  be  learned. 
It  resolves  itself  simply  into  this — to  ascertain,  as  you  always  can, 
•what,  in  the  day  in  which  you  live,  is  the  great  work  for  the  welfare 
of  mankind ;  do  that  work  fearlessly,  in  the  love  of  your  fellow 
men  and  in  the  fear  of  God,  and  the  Union  will  survive  you  and  me 
.and  your  posterity  for  a  thousand  years. 

1  Extract  from  a  speech  at  La  Crosse,  Wis.,  Sept.  14, 1860. 


THE  NIGHT  BEFOEE  THE  ELECTION. 

AUBURN,  NOVEMBER  5,  1860. 

THE  question,  looking  through  this  election  to-morrow,  and  for 
ward  through  many  elections,  presses  home  upon  us, — whatever  may 
be  the  result,  auspicious  as  I  am  almost  sure  it  will  be, — shall  free 
dom,  justice  and  humanity  ultimately  and  in  the  end  prevail;  are 
these  republican  institutions  of  ours  safe  and  permanent  ?  I  have 
sought  and  entered  the  hall  of  prophecy.  I  may  not  tell  you  just 
where  it  stands,  but  this  much  I  can  say,  that  its  entrance  is  through 
native  forest  shades,  from  the  water's  edge  of  a  deep  and  flowing 
river.  I  entered  it,  not  irreverently,  not  unconscious  of  the  pre 
sumption  of  attempting  to  explore  the  will  of  the  God  whose  rale, 
however  men  may  deny  or  profess,  is  higher  law.  The  two  gigantic 
figures,  Time  and  Destiny,  which  guarded  the  approach  to  the  altar, 
seemed  to  relax  their  grim  features  as  I  passed,  and  the  one  dropped 
his  scythe,  and  the  other  balanced  for  a  moment  the  hour  glass  which 
he  held  in  his  hand.  I  learned  from  the  oracle  that  the  powers 
above  favor  the  perpetuation  of  these  institutions,  and  that  they  are 
never  to  fall  by  the  hand  of  any  foreign  enemy ;  that  they  are  to  be 
saved  or  to  be  lost  by  the  action  of  the  American  people ;  that  a 
great  danger,  a  danger  that  has  been  long  gathering,  is  at  this  very 
moment  being  passed,  and  that  this  danger  once  passed,  there  is  assu 
rance  of  long  life,  aye,  of  immortality  to  the  institutions  of  Ameri 
can  freedom.  I  asked  for  a  sign,  but  the  oracle  replied  to  me,  "why 
do  this  generation  look  for  a  sign?  I  say  unto  you  that  no  sign  shall 
be  given  to  this  generation,  but  a  rule  shall  be  given  to  them  ade 
quate  to  every  emergency,  and  that  rule  is,  let  the  American  people 
rule  their  own  spirit" 

This  people  are  human,  and  because  they  are  human,  they  have 
accidental  and  temporary  interests  and  passions  and  prejudices  to 
mislead  them  ;  but  also,  because  they  are  human,  they  have  reason 
to  conduct  them  through  all  temptations  and  all  perils,  in  the  way 


THE   NIGHT   BEFORE   THE    ELECTION.  413 

I 

of  wisdom.  A  mysterious  Providence  has  permitted,  does  always 
permit,  error  to  exist  everywhere,  cotemporaneously  with  truth, 
wrong  with  right,  freedom  with  slavery  ;  and  between  these  different 
powers  there  is  always  an  irrepressible  conflict.  That  conflict  is  the 
trial  of  human  virtue  ;  a  triumph  of  the  good  over  the  bad  consti 
tutes  the  perfection  of  human  nature.  Slavery  was  probably  essen 
tial  to  the  success  of  the  institutions  of  republicanism.  That  con 
tinually  provoking  conflict,  as  continually  stimulated  virtue,  and  the 
love  of  freedom.  The  fathers,  rejecting  the  sinister  counsels  of  in 
terest  and  suppressing  passions  and  prejudice,  surveyed  the  continent 
when  they  established  our  government,  and  they  adopted  the  policy 
which  alone  was  possible.  They  could  not  extirpate  slavery  at  a 
blow.  Probably  it  had  been  unwise  if  they  had  attempted  it;  but 
they  had  adopted  a  policy  marked  equally  by  sagacity  and  by 
benevolence,  which  is  told  in  a  very  few  words.  Its  effect  was  to  be 
the  abridgment  of  the  power  and  duration  of  slavery  by  practica 
ble,  peaceful  means,  and  the  invigoration  and  ultimate  establishment 
of  universal  freedom.  How  this  was  to  be  done,  requires  as  few 
words  to  tell.  The  African  slave  trade,  which  was  then  exercised  in 
bringing  slaves  to  do  the  cultivation  of  the  whole  continent — and  if 
it  had  continued,  would  have  covered  the  land  with  savage  Africans 
stolen  from  their  native  land — was  to  be  abolished  after  twenty  years, 
during  which  time  the  American  people  might,  as  they  could,  pro 
cure  supplies  of  free  labor  from  oppressed  and  groaning  Europe,  to 
supply  its  place.  The  states  were  encouraged  and  stimulated  to  pro 
vide,  by  acts  of  gradual  emancipation,  for  the  removal  of  slavery 
altogether.  The  whole  of  the  public  domain,  then  unoccupied,  lying 
northwest  of  the  Ohio  river,  was  set  apart  exclusively  for  freedom, 
and  for  the  erection  of  new  and  future  free  states.  Free  emigration 
from  all  the  nations  of  Europe,  of  whatever  faith  or  language,  was 
invited  by  the  permission  given  to  the  emigrant  to  pledge  his  labor 
for  a  term  of  years,  so  that  he  might  pay  the  cost  of  his  passage. 
And  to  all  these  was  added  that  boon  of  boons,  that  offer,  the  rich-' 
est  that  any  nation  ever  had  to  give, — an  equal  citizenship  by  natu 
ralization  to  the  immigrant  of  whatever  race  or  name,  or  lineage, 
with  the  native  born. 

You  see  how  simple  this  system  was.  Mark,  now,  while  I  tell' 
you  in  a  few  words  how  effective  it  was.  Within  twenty  years  the' 
African  slave  trade  ceased,  and  never  until  one  year  ago  did  the  soil 


424  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

of  America  again  bear  the  tread  of  a  native  African  bondman. 
S^ven  of  the  states  rapidly  removed  slavery  by  prospective  laws, 
which,  while  they  deprived  no  man  of  what  he  called  his  property, 
but  left  his  slave  to  be  his  slave  for  life,  still,  in  a  period  of  twenty- 
five  years,  there  remained  on  the  soil  of  those  states  not  one  native 
born  or  imported  African  slave.  And  whereas,  in  this  state  of  New 
York  of  ours,  on  the  day  when  it  became  independent,  every  seven 
teenth  inhabitant  was  a  slave,  in  the  year  1825,  not  one  slave  was 
found  upon  its  soil.  And  the  redemption  carne  under  the  invitation 
of  that  liberal  law,  from  Germany,  France,  Holland,  England,  Scot 
land  and  Ireland,  and  they  became  naturalized  without  question  as 
to  their  former  allegiance,  or  their  religious  faith,  and  they  are  now 
our  brethren,  and  by  ties  of  kindred  are  mixed  and  mingled  with 
the  American  people.  There  is  scarcely -one  man  or  woman  who 
can  trace  to  a  parentage  of  one  nation  of  Europe  an  undivided  line 
age.  The  blood  of  the  Dane  and  Hungarian — the  Irishman  and  the 
German — the  Frenchman  arid  Englishman  —are  intermingled  until 
we  have  become  the  descendants  and  representatives  of  enlightened 
Christian  nations  throughout  the  whole  continent  of  Europe. 

And  then  five  new  states  rose  upon  that  public  domain,  and  all  of 
them  free  states;  and  this  process  still  being  continued  that  five 
added  to  the  other  seven  which  had  emancipated,  making  twelve, 
has  already  been  increased,  until  whereas  twelve  of  the  original 
thirteen  states  were  slave  states,  now  eighteen  of  the  states  are  free 
states,  and  only  fifteen  are  slave  states.  As  it  had  been  ordered 
wisely,  so  all  was  going  on  prosperously;  and  at  the  expiration  of 
the  present  century  slavery  would  either  have  ceased  to  exist,  or  have 
been  languishing  or  dying  in  the  midst  of  what  would  have  been 
practically  universal  liberty,  but  for  one  of  those  singular  accidents, 
one  of  those  strange  events  which,  occurring  in  the  course  of  human 
affairs,  produces  a  reaction,  and  for  a  time  the  cause  which  was  sup 
pressed,  goes  forward,  and  the  cause  which  was  expected  to  triumph, 
recedes.  That  accident  was  nothing  more  than  that  an  ingenious 
countryman  of  ours,  and  a  lover  of  freedom  as  much  as  you  or  I, 
invented  a  machine  by  which  he  could,  with  greater  ease,  extract  the 
seeds  from  the  fibers  in  cotton  balls,  and  thus,  giving  a  cheaper  value 
to  cotton,  and  increasing  the  demand  for  it,  for  fabrics  of  human 
wear,  cotton  became  the  production  of  slave  labor  in  six  slave  states, 
or  in  a  portion  of  them,  and  became  king  in  those  states,  commanded 


THE  NIGHT  BEFORE   THE   ELECTION.  425 

emancipation  to  cease,  shut  foreigners  out  from  their  ports,  demanded 
a  rescinding  of  all  the  laws  which  forbid  slavery  to  spread  over  the 
American  soil,  demanded  room  for  new  slave  territories  and  new 
slave  states,  and  began  the  dreadful  work  of  preparation  for  the 
restoration  of  the  African  slave  trade. 

You  know  too  well  to  need  that  I  should  repeat  it,  the  rapidity 
and  violence  of  that  reaction.  You  know  how  it  bought  up  parties, 
and  statesmen  and  capitalists  through  all  of  the  free  states,  and 
moulded  them  as  the  image-maker  moulds  the  moistened  plaster,  to 
its  demands.  You  know  how  that  under  the  very  first  earnest,  vehe 
ment,  violent  demand  of  slavery,  Missouri  and  Arkansas  were  ad 
mitted  into  the  Union,  slave  states,  by  a  people  under  the  influence 
of  terror,  who  had,  only  twenty  years  before,  abolished  the  African 
slave  trade,  and  denied  slavery  another  acre  of  American  soil.  You 
know  how  Texas,  a  free  country  in  Mexico,  was  overrun,  first  by 
slaveholders  with  slaves,  and  then  brought  into  the  American  Union, 
with  the  consent  of  yourselves,  that  five  slave  states  might  be  made 
out  of  its  soil.  You  know  how  California  arid  Mexico  and  Utah, 
free  lands,  free  soil,  inhabited  by  men  of  free  speech  and  free  thought, 
were  conquered  and  brought  into  the  Union,  with  the  expectation — 
only  baffled  by  the  perseverance  of  a  few  men  in  despair,  of  whom 
I  was  one — of  establishing  slavery  upon  the  Pacific  coast.  And  you 
know,  finally,  how  presidents  and  cabinets,  ministers  and  foreign 
ministers,  and  at  last  the  judges,  came  to  confess  a  faith,  alien  from 
the  constitution,  and  alien  from  the  spirit  of  all  our  institutions,  that 
the  normal  condition  of  every  territory  under  the  flag  of  the  United 
States  is  not  freedom  but  slavery,  and  that  no  power  existing  on  the 
soil,  no  power  existing  in  other  states,  no  power  existing  in  the  con 
gress  of  the  United  States,  or  in  any  department  of  the  federal  gov 
ernment,  can  challenge  it,  and  say,  "  How  came  you  or  what  do  you 
here?" 

This  was  the  reaction,  and  it  culminated  only  six  years  ago. 
Never,  never  was  a  nation  more  thoroughly  demoralized.  The 
whig  party,  that  had  affected  sympathy  for  freedom,  faltered  and 
failed  in  the  hour  of  trial,  and  went  down.  The  democratic  party, 
bolder  than  ever,  became  the  unblushing  advocate  of  slavery,  ceased 
to  be  longer,  or  to  pretend  to  be,  a  party  of  human  freedom,  but 
became  a  party  of  human  bonds.  There  was  no  party  for  freedom. 
J  --nloiisies  were  engendered  between  American  free  born  freemen, 

VOL.  IV.  54 


426  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

and  the  voluntary  citizens,  and  at  the  time  when  both  should  have 
been  engaged  in  rescuing  the  constitution,  which  secured  the  soil  for 
them  and  their  children,  and  their  children's  children,  as  a  patrimony 
for  freedom,  they  were  engaged  in  internecine  hostilities,  the  only 
effect  of  which  could  be  to  let  slavery  go  roaming  over  the  whole 
territories. 

Such,  my  friends,  was  the  real  condition  of  things  when  I  ad 
dressed  you  in  the  park  on  South  street,  only  four  years  ago.  You 
were  a  thoughtless,  an  excited,  a  bewildered  people.  I  saw  a  party 
forming  for  freedom,  but  it  was  unorganized  and  discordant,  and 
filled  with  mutual  jealousies.  It  was  the  only  hope  for  freedom,  but 
it  failed,  and  it  seemed  as  if  it  must  fail,  though  it  "charmed  never 
so  wisely,"  to  win  the  American  people.  It  seemed  to  me  then  that 
I  saw  the  good  angel  of  my  country  rising  up  and  bidding  her  a  last 
farewell. 

But  now  all  is  changed.  The  elements  of  freedom  which  that 
republican  party  took  in  at  that  day  are  so  invigorating,  so  renew 
ing  that  they  have  within  four  years  made  it  a  might}r,  yes,  an 
unconquerable  host.  They  have  taken  the  reins  of  the  state  gov 
ernment  in  almost  every  one  of  the  free  states,  and  they  lay  close 
siege  to  what  are  left  in  the  hands  of  slavery.  They  appear  strong 
and  vigorous,  and  have  already  achieved  .free  speech,  free  thought 
and  free  debate  in  three  slave  states,  Delaware,  Maryland  and  Mis 
souri,  and  the  battle  recedes  immediately  after  this  contest,  from  the 
free  states  into  the  slave  states;  and  the  slaveholders,  instead  of 
boasting  that  they  are  national,  and  we  republicans,  are  sectional, 
are  already  beginning  to  feel  what  it  is  to  be  attempting  to  extend 
and  fortify  an  institution  which  is  purely  sectional,  into  territories 
that  belong  to  the  nation,  against  the  will  of  the  nation. 

It  has  been  long  that  this  reaction  has  been  working,  and  its 
history  will  bring  out  into  a  new  light  controversies  that  to  all 
around  us  seemed  to  be  already  buried  in  the  past.  You,  laboring 
men,  and  especially  you  of  foreign  birth,  naturalized  citizens,  can 
you  tell  me  why  it  is  that  you  are  here  among  these  men  in  this 
community,  and  in  the  employment  of  men  whom  you  accuse  so 
often  with  sympathy  with  the  negro  to  your  prejudice?  Why  is  it 
that  you  are  here  in  aland  that  you  call  a  land  of  abolitionists? 
Why  are  you  not  in  Virginia  and  in  North  Carolina  and  in  South 
Carolina  and  in  Louisiana,  among  the  slave  drivers  whom  you  ap- 


THE   NIGHT   BEFORE   THE   ELECTION.  427 

plaud  and  approve  for  their  inhumanity  to  the  negro  ?  It  is  because 
slavery  will  not  tolerate  one  of  you  upon  its  soil.  You  manufac 
turers,  whose  mills  have  been  so  often  put  in  motion  only  to  en 
counter  hostile  legislation  in  congress  under  the  influence  of  the 
slave  power  of  the  slave  states,  will  you  tell  me  why  it  is  th^t  the 
government  of  the  United  States  maintains,  as  its  true  and  settled 
policy  that  an  American  citizen  must  carry  all  his  materials  to  the 
manufacturers  and  workshops  of  England  to  be  wrought  up  into- 
fabrics  by  the  mechanics,  artisans  and  manufacturers  of  England, 
and  must  send  his  wheat,  his  corn,  his  beef  and  his  pork  to  support 
those  manufacturers  in  England,  instead  of  bringing  the  educated 
and  trained  artists  and  machinists  of  England  here  to  set  up  his 
mills,  to  put  his  wheels  in  motion  upon  the  banks  of  the  Mohawk, 
the  Owasco,  the  Seneca  and  the  Niagara  rivers? 

The  explanation  is  a  simple  one ;  slavery  wants  as  little  of  the 
industry  of  the  white  man  in  the  nation  as  possible.  Can  you  tell 
me  why  it  is  that  the  expenses  of  the  government,  which  have 
risen  in  the  period  of  thirty-two  years  from  ten  millions  of  dol 
lars,  to  eighty,  ninety  and  a  hundred  millions  of  dollars  annually 
must  be  levied  in  such  a  way  as  to  discourage  American  man 
ufacturers,  and  that  the  deficiency,  if  there  be  an}^  of  revenue, 
must  be  paid  out  of  the  sales  of  the  public  lands  of  the  Unii  d 
States  at  a  dollar  and  a  quarter  per  acre,  when  there  are  in  every 
city,  in  every  town,  in  every  village,  and  in  every  hamlet  of  the 
land,  poor,  unfortunate  white  men,  with  their  families,  seeking  and 
asking  for  a  living  upon  this  public  domain, — and  willing  to  convert 
it  into  farms,  yielding  and  paying  revenue  to  the  United  States? 
It  is  simply  because  slavery  is  unwilling  that  the  free  white  man 
should  go  there.  Can  you  account  for  the  obstinate  resistance  to  the 
enlargement  of  the  Erie  canal,  continued  so  long,  on  anv  other 
ground?  Can  you  tell  me  why  it  was  that  twenty  years  ago,  this 
whole  state  was  filled  with  alarm  because  equal  and  free  education 
was  being  extended  to  the  children  of  the  catholic  and  the  foreigner, 
upon  the  ground  that,  as  the  children  of  the  foreigner  were  to  be 
future  members  of  the  state,  it  was  important,  not  more  to  them 
than  to  the  state  itself,  that  they  should  be  prepared  for  citizenship?1 
Oh  !  then  the  Bible  was  in  danger.  Oh !  then  the  protestant  churcb 

»  See  Vol.  I,  p.  xlii,  Vol.  II,  pp.  206,  216. 


428  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

was  to  go  clown.  All  the  hostility  to  education  was  the  suggestion 
of  slavery  in  order  that  free  white  men  might  not  come  to  swell  the 
population  of  the  free  states,  and  swarm  into  the  new  states  beyond 
the  Alleghany  mountains. 

But  all  this  is  ended.  The  agents,  and  the  parties  who  were 
'deceived,  misled  and  perverted,  who  opposed  the  interests  of  free 
dom,  have  all  within  six  years  fallen  and  disappeared.  The  whig 
party  once  cherished  by  so  many  of  us,  and  relied  upon  with  faith 
and  hope  against  evidence,  proved  unfaithful  at  last  and  perished, 
and  I  know  not  one  sound  thinking  man,  however  much  he  was 
.attached  to  it,  that  laments  its  loss.  The  American  party  that 
sought  to  deceive  itself  with  the  idea  that  it  could  secure  forbear 
ance  for  freedom  in  the  new  alliance  formed  with  slaveholders  in 
the  south,  suddenly,  even  more  suddenly  disappeared,  and  there  is 
not  one  man  living  to  vindicate  its  memory.  And  so  the  democratic 
party  had  a  form  and  existence  a  year  ago.  Where  is  it  now.  It 
has  changed  its  form  as  often  as  a  guilty  dream.  It  was  single, 
united,  unterrified  and  violent  a  year  ago.  Six  months  passed  and 
it  wore  two  forms  in  hostile  attitude  against  each  other.  Six  months 
later  the  two  disappeared,  and  now  it  is  nowhere.  An  opposition 
is  organized  but  it  is  an  organization,  not  of  the  democratic  party 
but  of  three  parties.  It  presents  not  one  candidate,  but  three  can 
didates  for  president.  It  comes  up  to  fight  its  first,  last  and  desperate 
battle  with  the  republican  party  which  is  engaged  in  the  effort  and 
determination  to  elect  a  president  by  a  majority  of  votes;  and  this 
hybrid  party  comes  up  and  puts  into  the  hands  of  the  electors,  bal 
lots  for  scattering  the  votes,  not  concentrating  them;  to  defeat  the 
election  of  a  president  of  the  United  States  because  they  cannot 
.agree  whom  they  would  elect.  Strange  confusion  of  the  times,  this  ! 
Have  you  ever  studied  the  present  creed  of  the  opposition?  I  will 
•endeavor  to  recite  it  for  you : 

"  I  believe  in  intervening  in  the  territories  of  the  United  States 
for  slavery ;  I  also  fully  believe  in  non-intervening  in  the  territories 
•of  the  United  States  for  slavery,  and  I  further  believe  that  it  is  not 
right  either  to  intervene  or  to  not  intervene.  Each  of  these  three 
articles  of  faith  is  essential  and  of  saving  health  to  the  nation.  He 
that  is  faithful  must  believe  them  all,  and  he  that  is  faithful  must 
believe  one  and  reject  the  other  two.  I  believe  in  Stephen  A. 
Douglas  as  a  candidate  for  the  presidency  of  the  United  States,  arid 


THE   NIGHT   BEFORE   THE   ELECTION. 

I  pledge  myself  to  vote  for  him  to  the  exclusion  of  everybody  else. 
I  also  believe  in  John  C.  Breckinridge,  and  I  pledge  myself  to  vote- 
for  him  to  the  exclusion  of  Stephen  A.  Douglas  and  of  everybody 
else;  and  I  also  equally  and  implicitly  believe  in  John  Bell. as  a 
candidate  for  president  of  the  United  States,  and  I  pledge  myself  to 
vote  for -him  to  the  exclusion  of  Douglas  and  Breckinridge.  I 
promise  faithfully  to  vote  for  them  all,  and  to  vote,  at  the  same 
time,  against  either  one,  except  the  one  not  designated  as  my  choice." 

Now  here  is  the  trinity  in  unitv  and  unity  in  trinity,  of  the 
political  church,  just  now  come  to  us  by  the  light  of  a  new  revela 
tion,  and  christened  "  Fusion."  And  this  "  Fusion  "  party,  what  is 
the  motive  to  which  it  appeals  ?  You  may  go  with  me  into  the 
streets  to-night  and  follow  the  little  giants,  who  go  with  their  torch 
lights  and  their  flaunting  banners  of  "  Popular  Sovereignty ;"  or 
you  may  go  with  the  smaller  and  more  select  and  modest  band  who* 
go  for  Breckinridge  and  slavery ;  or  yon  may  follow  the  music  of 
the  clanging  bells,  and,  strange  to  say,  they  will  all  bring  you  into 
one  common  chamber.  When  you  get  there  you  will  hear  only 
this  emotion  of  the  human  heart  appealed  to,  fear, — fear  that  if  you 
elect  a  president  of  the  United  States  according  to  the  constitution 
and  the  laws  to-morrow,  you  will  wake  up  the  next  day  and  find 
that  you  have  no  country  for  him  to  preside  over.  Is  that  not  a 
strange  motive  for  an  American  patriot  to  appeal  to  ?  And  in  that 
same  hall,  amid  the  jargon  of  three  discordant  members  of  the 
fusion  party,  you  will  hear  one  argument,  and  that  argument  is,  that 
so  sure  as  you  are  so  perverse  as  to  cast  your  vote  singly,  lawfully,, 
honestly,  as  you  ought  to  do,  for  one  candidate  for  the  presidency, 
instead  of  scattering  it  among  three  candidates,  so  that  no  president 
maybe  elected,  this  Union  shall  come  down  over  your  heads,  involv 
ing  you  and  us  in  a  common  ruin. 

Fellow  citizens,  it  is  time,  high  time,  that  we  .know  whether  this 
is  a  constitutional  government  under  which  we  live.  It  is  high- 
time  that  we  know,  since  the  Union  is  threatened,  who  are  its  friends 
and  who  are  its  enemies.  The  republican  party  who  propose  in  the 
old  appointed  constitutional  way  to  choose  a  president,  are  every 
man  of  them  loyal  to  the  Union.  The  disloyalists,  wherever  they 
may  be,  are  those  who  are  opposed  to  the  republican  party  and 
attempt  to  prevent  the  election  of  a  president.  I  know  that  our 
good  and  esteemed  neighbors — Heaven  knows  I  have  cause  to 


430  POLITICAL   SPEECHES. 

respect  and  esteem  and  honor  and  love  them  as  I  do,  for  such  neigh 
bors  as  even  my  democratic  neighbors,  no  other  man  ever  had — I 
know  that  they  do  not  avow,  nor  do  they  mean  to  support  or  think 
they  are  supporting  disunion ists.  But  I  tell  them  that  he  who  pro 
poses  to  lay  hold  of  the  pillars  of  the  Union  and  bring  it  down  into 
ruin,  is  a  disunionist;  that  every  man  who  quotes  him,  and  uses  his 
threats  and  his  menaces  as  an  argument  against  our  exercise  of  our 
duty,  is  an  abettor,  unconscious  though  he  may  be,  of  disunion  ;  and 
that  when  to-morrow's  sun  shall  have  set  and  the  next  morning's 
sun  shall  have  risen  upon  the  American  people,  rejoicing  in  the 
election  of  Abraham  Lincoln  to  the  presidency,  those  men  who 
to-day  sympathize  with,  uphold,  support  and  excuse  the  disunion- 
ists,  will  have  to  make  a  sudden  choice  and  choose  whether,  in  the 
language  of  the  senator  from  Georgia,  they  will  go  for  treason  and  so 
make  it  respectable,  or  whether  they  will  go  with  us  for  freedom, 
for  the  constitution,  and  for  eternal  Union. 


THE  PAST  AND  THE  FUTURE.1 

THE  past  was  for  the  east — the  'future  is  for  the  west.  Empire  has 
culminated  in  the  east,  and  is  now  passing  to  the  west.  The  past 
was  for  slavery,  which  at  one  time  was  practically  universal  in  the 
east.  The  future  is  for  freedom,  which,  in  the  order  of  Providence, 
is  to  be  universal  in  the  west.  The  change  from  past  eastern  slavery 
to  future  western  freedom  is  to  be  effected  simply  by  bringing  the 
mind  of  the  nation  to  a  just  apprehension  of  what  slavery  is.  Our 
fathers  in  the  east  understood  it  to  be  a  question  simply  of  trade. 
The  Declaration  of  Independence  and  the  constitution  of  the  United 
States,  announced  on  the  other  hand,  that  slavery  is  a  question  of 
human  rights.  While  they  left  the  regulation  of  that  subject  within 
the  states  to  the  states  themselves,  they  did  establish  the  principle 
that  in  the  common  territories  of  the  United  States  and  within  the 
sphere  of  federal  action,  every  man  is  a  person,  a  man,  a  free  man, 
who  could  neither  hold  another  in  slavery  nor  be  held  in  bondage 
by  any  other  man. 

1  Extract  from  a  speech  at  Cleveland,  Oct.  4, 1860. 


SPEECHES 


SENATE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES. 


LETTER  TO  THE  NEW  YORK  MEETING.1 

WASHINGTON,  January  28,  1854. 

"  The  invitation  to  a  meeting  to  be  held  in  the  city  of  New  York,  to  protest 
against  any  repeal  or  violation  of  the  Missouri  compromise,  with  which  you  have 
honored  me,  has  been  received.  My  constant  attendance  here  is  required  by  the 
interest  which  the  city  of  New  York  and  the  state  of  New  York  have  in  the 
great  projects  of  a  railroad  to  San  Francisco,  and  the  extension  of  our  commerce 
to  the  islands  and  continents  divided  from  us  by  the  Pacific  ocean,  which  are  now 
being  matured  in  committees  to  which  I  belong.  Moreover  the  day  designated 
for  the  meeting  is  one  upon  which  the  senate  may  be  brought  to  a  vote  upon  the 
bold  and  dangerous  measure  which  has  so  justly  excited  the  patriotic  apprehensions 
of  the  citizens  of  the  metropolis.  I  could  not  be  safely  absent  from  the  capital 
under  these  circumstances,  even  if  my  attendance  in  New  York  would  otherwise 
be  proper. 

"  You  have  kindly  asked  me,  in  view  of  this  inability,  to  give  you  such  an  ex 
pression  of  my  '  Sentiments  as  may  help  to  arouse  the  north  to  the  defense  of  its 
rights,  and  the  south  to  maintenance  of  its  plighted  honor.'  Permit  me  to  say, 
in  response  to  the  appeal,  that  when  the  slavery  laws  of  1850  were  under  discus 
sion  in  the  senate,  I  regarded  the  ground  then  demanded  to  be  conceded  by  the 
north  as  a  vantage  ground,  which,  when  once  yielded,  would  be  retrieved  with 
infinite  difficulty  afterward,  if,  indeed,  it  should  not  be  absolutely  irretrievable ; 
and  that,  I,  therefore,  in  my  place  as  a  representative  here,  said  and  did  all  that  it 
was  in  my  power  to  do  and  say,  and  all  that  I  could  now  do  and  say,  to  '  help  to 
rouse  the  north  to  the  defense  of  its  rights,  and  south  to  the  maintenance  of  its  honor.' 
When,  afterward,  eminent  members  of  congress,  who  had  been  engaged  in  passing 
those  laws,  carried  an  appeal  against  those  who  had  opposed  them  before  the  people- 
in  their  primary  assemblies,  I  declined  to  follow  them  then,  and  I  have  ever  since 
refrained  from  all  unnecessary  discussions  of  the  slave  laws  of  1850,  and  of  matters 
pertaining  to  slavery,  even  here,  as  well  as  elsewhere,  because  I  was  unwilling  to 
injure  so  just  a  cause  by  discussions  which  might  seem  to  betray  undue  solicitude, 
if  not  a  spirit  of  faction.  We  have  only  now  arrived  at  a  new  stage  in  the  tnal 
of  that  appeal.  For  it  is  'quite  clear  that  if  the  slavery  laws  had  not  been  passed  in 
1850,  for  the  territories  acquired  from  Mexico,  there  would  have  been  no  pretense 
for  extending  such  slavery  laws  now,  over  the  territories  before  acquired  from 
Louisiana,  and  that  if  we  had  maintained  our  ground  on  the  laws  of  freedom,  which 
then  protected  New  Mexico  and  Utah,  we  should  not  now  have  been  attacked  in 
our  stronghold  in  Nebraska.  It  is  equally  evident,  also,  that  Nebraska  is  not  all 
that  is  to  be  saved  or  lost.  If  we  are  driven  from  this  field,  there  will  yet  remain 
Oregon  and  Minnesota,  and  we  who  thought  only  so  lately  as  1849  of  securing 
some  portion  at  least  of  the  shore  of  the  gulf  of  Mexico  and  all  of  the  Pacific  coast 
to  the  institutions  of  freedom,  will  be,  before  1859,  brought  to  a  doubtful  struggle 
to  prevent  the  extension  of  slavery  to  the  shores  of  the  great  lakes,  and  thence 
westward  to  Puget's  sound.  I  hope,  gentlemen,  that  for  one,  I  may  be  allowed 
to  continue  to  the  end  that  abstinence  from  popular  agitation  which  I  have  hereto 
fore  praciised,  less  from  considerations  of  self-respect  than  from  my  confidence  in 
the  sagacity  and  virtue  of  the  people  I  represent.  Nevertheless,  I  beg  you  to  be 
assured  that,  while  declining  to  go  into  popular  assemblies,  as  an  agitator,  I  shall 
endeavor  to  do  my  duty  here  with  as  many  true  men  as  shall  be  found  in  a  delega 
tion,  which,  if  all  were  firm  and  united  in  the  maintenance  of  public  right  and 
justice,  would  be  able  to  control  the  decision  of  this  great  question.  But  the 
measure  of  success  and  effect  which  shall  crown  our  exertions  must  depend  now, 
as  heretofore,  on  the  fidelity  with  which  the  people  whom  we  represent  shall 
adhere  to  the  policy  and  principles  which  are  the  foundation  of  their  own  unri 
valed  prosperity  and  greatness. 

"  I  am,  gentlemen,  with  great  respect  and  esteem,  your  obedient  servant, 

"  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD." 
1  See  ante  page  27. 


SPEECHES 

ESf 

THE  SENATE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES. 


NEBKASKA    AND    KANSAS. 

FREEDOM  AND  PUBLIC  FAITH.' 

The  United  States  of  America,  at  the  close  of  the  revolu 
tion,  rested  southward  on  the  St.  Mary's,  and  westward  on  the 
Mississippi,  and  possessed  abroad,  unoccupied  domain,  circumscribed 
by  those  rivers,  the  Alleghany  mountains,  and  the  great  northern 
lakes.  The  constitution  anticipated  a  division  of  this  domain  into 
states,  to  be  admitted  as  members  of  the  Union,  but  it  neither  pro 
vided  for  nor  foresaw  any  enlargement  of  the  national  boundaries. 
The  people,  engaged  in  reorganizing  their  governments,  improving 
their  social  systems,  and  establishing  relations  of  commerce  and 
friendship  with  other  nations,  remained  many  years  content  within 
their  apparently  ample  limits.  But  it  was  already  known  that  the 
free  navigation  of  the  Mississippi  would  soon  become  an  urgent  pub 
lic  want. 

France,  although  she  had  lost  Canada,  in  chivalrous  battle,  on  the 
Heights  of  Abraham,  in  1763,  nevertheless,  still  retained  her  ancient 
territories  on  the  western  bank  of  the  Mississippi.  She  had  also, 
just  before  the  breaking  out  of  her  own  fearful  revolution,  reac- 
quired,  by  a  secret  treaty,  the  possessions  on  the  gulf  of  Mexico, 
which,  in  a  recent  war,  had  been  wr,  sted  from  her  by  Spain..  Her 

1  Speech  in  the  United  States  Semite,  February  17,  1854. 

VOL.  IV.  55 


434  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

first  consul,  among  those  brilliant  achievements  which  proved  him 
the  first  statesman,  as  well  as  the  first  captain  of  Europe,  sagaciously 
sold  the  whole  of  these  possessions  to  the  United  States,  for  a  libe 
ral  sum,  and  thus  replenished  his  treasury,  while  he  saved  from  his 
enemies,  and  transferred  to  a  friendly  power,  distant  and  vast  regions 
which,  for  want  of  adequate  naval  force,  he  was  unable  to  defend. 

This  purchase  of  Louisiana  from  France  by  the  United  States, 
involved  a  grave  dispute  concerning  the  western  limits  of  that  pro 
vince;  and  that  controversy,  having  remained  open  until  1819,  was 
then  adjusted  by  a  treaty,  in  which  they  relinquished  Texas  to 
Spain,  and  accepted  a  cession  of  the  early  discovered  and  long  in 
habited  provinces  of  East  Florida  and  West  Florida.  The  United 
States  stipulated,  in  each  of  these  cases,  to  admit  the  countries  thus 
annexed  into  the  Federal  Union. 

The  acquisitions  of  Oregon,  by  discovery  and  occupation,  of 
Texas,  by  voluntary  annexation,  and  of  New  Mexico  and  Califor 
nia,  including  what  is  now  called  Utah,  by  war,  completed  the  rapid 
course  of  enlargement,  at  the  close  of  which  our  frontier  has  been 
fixed  near  the  center  of  what  was  New  Spain,  on  the  Atlantic  side 
•of  the  continent,  while  on  the  west,  as  on  the  east,  only  an  ocean 
.separates  us  from  the  nations  of  the  old  world.  It  is  not  in  my  way 
.now  to  speculate  on  the  question,  how  long  we  are  to  rest  on  these 
advanced  positions. 

Slavery,  before  the  revolution,  existed  in  all  the  thirteen  colonies, 
as  it  did  alsoiri  nearly  all  the  other  European  plantations  in  America. 
But  it  had  been  forced  by  British  authority,  for  political  and  com 
mercial  ends,  on  the  American  'people,  against  their  own  sagacious 
instincts  of  policy,  and  their  strongest  feelings  of  justice  and  hu 
manity. 

They  had  protested  and  remonstrated  against  the  system  ear 
nestly,  for  forty  years,  and  they  ceased  to  protest  and  remonstrate 
against  it  only  when  they  finally  committed  their  entire  cause  of 
complaint  to  the  arbitrament  of  arms.  An  earnest  spirit  of  emanci 
pation  was  abroad  in  the  colonies  at  the  close  of  the  revolution,  and 
all  of  them,  except  perhaps  South  Carolina  and  Georgia,  anticipated, 
desired  and  designed  an  early  removal  of  the  system  from  the  coun 
try.  The  suppression  of  the  African  slave  trade,  which  was  univer 
sally  regarded  as  ancillary  to  that  great  measure,  was,  with  much 
reluctance,  postponed  until  1808. 


NEBRASKA   AND    KANSAS.  4:35 

While  there  was  no  national  power,  and  no  claim  or  desire  for 
national  power,  anywhere,  to  compel  involuntary  emancipation  in 
the  state  where  slavery  existed,  there  was  at  the  same  time  a  very 
general  desire  and  a  strong  purpose  to  prevent  its  introduction  into 
new  communities,  yet  to  be  formed,  and  into  new  states  yet  to  be 
•established.  Mr.  Jefferson  proposed,  as  early  as  1784,  to  exclude  it 
from  the  national  domain — which  should  be  constituted  by  cessions 
from  the  states  to  the  United  States.  He  recommended  and  urged 
the  measure  as  ancillary,  also,  to  the  ultimate  policy  of  emancipation. 
There  seems  to  have  been  at  first  no  very  deep  jealousy  between  the 
emancipating  and  the  non-emancipating  states;  and  the  policy  of 
admitting  new  states  was  not  disturbed  by  questions  concerning 
slavery.  Vermont,  a  nori-slaveholding  state,  was  admitted  in  1793. 
Kentucky,  a  tramontane  slaveholding  community,  having  been  de 
tached  from  Virginia,  was  admitted,  without  being  questioned,  about 
the  same  time.  So,  also,  Tennessee,  which  was  a  similar  commu 
nity  separated  from  North  Carolina,  was  admitted  in  1796,  with  a 
stipulation  that  the  ordinance  which  Mr.  Jefferson  had  first  proposed, 
and  which  had  in  the  meantime  been  adopted  for  the  territory  north 
west  of  the  Ohio,  should  not  be  held  to  apply  within  her  limits. 
The  same  course  was  adopted  in  organizing  territorial  governments 
for  Mississippi  and  Alabama,  slaveholding  communities  which  had 
been  detached  from  South  Carolina  and  Georgia.  All  these  states 
and  territories  were  situated  southwest  of  the  Ohio  river,  all  were 
more  or  less  already  peopled  by  slaveholders  with  their  slaves ;  and 
to  have  excluded  slavery  within  their  limits  would  have  been  a 
national  act,  not  of  preventing  the  introduction  of  slavery,  but  of 
abolishing  slavery.  In  short,  the  region  southwest  of  the  Ohio  river 
presented  a  field  in  which  the  policy  of  preventing  the  introduction 
of  slavery  was  impracticable.  Our  forefathers  never  attempted  what 
was  impracticable. 

But  the  case  was  otherwise  in  that  fair  and  broad  region  which 
stretched  away  from  the  banks  of  the  Ohio,  northward  to  the  lakes, 
and  westward  to  the  Mississippi.  It  was  yet  free,  or  practically  free, 
from  the  presence  of  slaves,  and  was  nearly  uninhabited,  and  quite 
unoccupied.  There  was  then  no  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad,  no 
Erie  railroad,  no  New  York  Central  railroad,  no  Boston  and  Ogdens- 
burgh  railroad;  there  was  no  railroad  through  Canada;  nor,  indeed, 
any  road  around  or  across  the  mountains ;  no  imperial  Erie  canal, 


436  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

no  Welland  canal,  no  lockage  around  the  rapids  and  the  falls  of  th& 
St.  Lawrence,  the  Mohawk  and  the  Niagara  rivers,  arid  no  steam 
navigation  on  the  lakes,  or  on  the  Hudson,  or  on  the  Mississippi. 
There,  in  that  remote  and  secluded  region,  the  prevention  of  the  in 
troduction  of  slavery  was  possible ;  and  there  our  forefathers,  who 
left  no  possible  national  good  unatternpted,  did  prevent  it.  It  makes 
one's  heart  bound  with  joy  and  gratitude,  and  lift  itself  up  with 
mingled  pride  and  veneration,  to  read  the  history  of  that  great 
transaction.  Discarding  the  trite  and  common  forms  of  expressing 
the  national  will,  they  did  not  merely  "  vote,"  or  "  resolve,"  or 
" enact,1'  as  on  other  occasions,  but  they  "ORDAINED,"  in  language 
marked  at  once  with  precision,  amplification,  solemnity  and  empha 
sis,  that  there  "shall  be  neither  slavery  nor  involuntary  servitude  in 
the  said  territory,  otherwise  than  in  the  punishment  of  crime,  where 
of  the  party  shall  have  been  duly  convicted."  And  they  further 
ORDAINED  and  declared  that  this  law  should  be  considered  a  COM 
PACT  between  the  original  states  and  the  people  and  states  of  said 
territory,  and  forever  remain  unalterable,  unless  by  common  con 
sent.  The  ordinance  was  agreed  to  unanimously.  Virginia,  in  reaf 
firming  her  cession  of  the  territory,  ratified  it,  and  the  first  congress- 
held  under  the  constitution  solemnly  renewed  and  confirmed  it. 

In  pursuance  of  this  ordinance,  the  several  territorial  government* 
successively  established  in  the  northwest  territory,  were  organized 
with  a  prohibition  of  the  introduction  of  slavery,  and  in  due  time, 
though  at  successive  periods,  Ohio,  Indiana,  Illinois,  Michigan  and 
Wisconsin,  states  erected  within  that  territory,  have  come  into  the 
Union  with  constitutions  in  their  hands  forever  prohibiting  slavery 
and  involuntary  servitude,  except  for  the  punishment  of  crime. 
They  are  yet  young;  but,  nevertheless,  who  has  ever  seen  elsewhere 
such  states  as  they  are  ?  There  are  gathered  the  young,  the  vigor 
ous,  the  active,  the  enlightened  sons  of  every  state,  the  flower  and 
choice  of  every  state  in  this  broad  Union  ;  and  there  the  emigrant, 
for  conscience  sake,  and  for  freedom's  sake,  from  every  land  in 
Europe,  from  proud  and  all-conquering  Britain,  from  heart-broken 
Ireland,  from  sunny  Italy,  from  mercurial  France,  from  spiritual 
Germany,  from  chivalrous  Hungary,  and  from  honest  and  brave  old 
Sweden  and  Norway.  Thence  are  already  coming  ample  supplies 
of  corn  and  wheat  and  wine  for  the  manufacturers  of  the  east,  for 
the  planters  of  the  tropics,  and  even  for  the  artisans  and  the  armies 


FREEDOM  AND   PUBLIC   FAITH.  487 

of  Europe ;  and  thence  will  continue  to  come  in  long  succession, 
fus  they  have  already  begun  to  come,  statesmen  and  legislators  for 
this  continent. 

Thus  it  appears,  Mr.  President,  that  it  was  the  policy  of  our 
fathers,  in  regard  to  the  original  domain  of  the  United  States,  to 
prevent  the  introduction  of  slavery,  wherever  it  was  practicable. 
This  policy  encountered  greater  difficulties  when  it  came  under  con 
sideration  with  a  view  to  its  establishment  in  regions  not  included 
within  our  original  domain.  While  slavery  had  been  actually  abo 
lished  already,  by  some  of  the  emancipating  states,  several  of  them, 
owing  to  a  great  change  in  the  relative  value  of  the  productions  of 
.slave  labor,  had  fallen  off  into  the  class  of  non-emancipating  states ; 
and  now  the  whole  family  of  states  was  divided  and  classified  as 
.slaveholding  or  slave  states,  and  non-slaveholding  or  free  states.  A 
rivalry  for  political  ascendency  was  soon  developed;  and  besides 
the  motives  of  interest  and  philanthropy  which  had  before  existed, 
there  was  now  on  each  side  a  desire  to  increase,  from  among  the 
candidates  for  admission  into  the  Union,  the  number  of  states  in 
their  respective  classes,  and  so  their  relative  weight  and  influence  in 
the  federal  councils. 

The  country  which  had  been  acquired  from  France  was,  in  1804, 
•organized  in  two  territories,  one  of  which,  including  New  Orleans 
as  its  capital,  was  called  Orleans,  and  the  other,  having  St.  Louis  for 
its  chief  town,  was  called  Louisiana.  In  18.12,  the  territory  of 
Orleans  was  admitted  as  a  new  state,  under  the  name  of  Louisiana. 
It  had  been  an  old  slaveholding  colony  of  France,  and  the  preven 
tion  of  slavery  within  it  would  have  been  a  simple  act  of  abolition. 
At  the  same  time,  the  territory  of  Louisiana,  by  authority  of  con 
gress,  took  the  name  of  Missouri;  and,  in  1819,  the  portion  thereof 
which  now  constitutes  the  state  of  Arkansas  was  detached,  and 
became  a  territory,  under  that  name.  Tn  1819,  Missouri,  which  was 
then  but  thinly  peopled,  and  had  an  inconsiderable  number  of  slaves, 
applied  for  admission  into  the  Union,  and  her  application  brought 
the  question  of  extending  the  policy  of  the  ordinance  of  1787  to 
that  state,  and  to  other  new  states  in  the  region  acquired  from 
France,  to  a  direct  issue.  The  house  of  representatives  insisted  on 
n  prohibition  against  the  further  introduction  of  slavery  in  the  state, 
as  a  condition  of  her  admission.  The  senate  disagreed  with  the 
house  in  that  demand.  The  non-slaveholding  states  sustained  the 


438  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

house,  and  the  slavehokling  states  sustained  the  senate.     The  differ 
ence  was  radical,  and  tended  toward  revolution. 

One  party  maintained  that  the  condition  demanded  was  constitu 
tional,  the  other  that  it  was  unconstitutional.  The  public  mind 
became  intensely  excited,  and  painful  apprehensions  of  disunion  and 
civil  war  began  to  prevail  in  the  country. 

In  this  crisis,  a  majority  of  both  houses  agreed  upon  a  plan  for 
the  adjustment  of  the  controversy.  By  this  plan,  Maine,  a  non- 
slaveholding  state,  was  to  be  admitted ;  Missouri  was  to  be  admitted 
without  submitting  to  the  condition  before  mentioned ;  and  in  all 
that  part  of  the  territory  acquired  from  France,  which  was  north  of 
the  line  of  36°  30'  of  north  latitude,  slavery  was  to  be  forever  pro 
hibited.  Louisiana,  which  was  a  part  of  that  territory,  had  been 
admitted  as  a  slave  state  eight  years  before;  and  now,  not  only  was 
Missouri  to  be  admitted  as  a  slave  state,  but  Arkansas,  which  was 
south  of  that  line,  by  strong  implication,  was  also  to  be  admitti  d  as 
a  slavehokling  state.  I  need  not  indicate  what  were  the  equivalents 
which  the  respective  parties  were  to  receive  in  this  arrangement, 
further  than  to  say  that  the  slavehokling  states  practically  were  to 
receive  slavehokling  states,  the  free  states  to  receive  a  desert,  a  soli 
tude,  in  which  they  might,  if  they  could,  plant  the  germs  of  future 
free  states.  This  measure  was  adopted.  It  was  a  great  national  trans 
action — the  first  of  a  class  of  transactions  which  have  since  come  to 
be  thoroughly  defined  and  well  understood,  under  the  name  of  com 
promises.  My  own  opinions  concerning  them  are  well  known,  and 
are  not  in  question  here.  According  to  the  general  understanding, 
they  are  marked  by  peculiar  circumstances  and  features,  viz. : 

First,  there  is  a  division  of  opinion  upon  some  vital  national 
question  between  the  two  houses  of  congress,  which  division  is 
irreconcilable,  except  by  mutual  concessions  of  interests  and  opin 
ions,  which  the  houses  deem  constitutional  and  just. 

Secondly,  they  are  rendered  necessary  by  impending  calamities, 
to  result  from  the  failure  of  legislation,  and  to  be  no  otherwise 
averted  than  by  such  mutual  concessions,  or  sacrifices. 

Thirdly,  vsuch  concessions  are  mutual  and  equal,  or  are  accepted 
as  such,  and  so  become  conditions  of  the  mutual  arrangement. 

Fourthly,  by  this  mutual  exchange  of  conditions,  the  transaction,' 
takes  on  the  nature  and  character  of  a  contract,  compact,  or  treaty, 
between  the  parties  represented ;  and  so,  according  to  well-settled 


REPEAL   OF    MISSOURI    COMPROMISE.  439 

principles  of  morality  and  public  law,  the  statute  which  embodies  it 
is  understood,  by  those  who  uphold  this  system  of  legislation,  to  he 
irrevocable  and  irrepealable,  except  by  the  mutual  consent  of  both, 
or  of  all  the  parties  concerned.  Not  indeed,  that  it  is  absolutely 
irrepealable,  but  that  it  cannot  be  repealed  without  a  violation  of 
honor,  justice,  and  good  faith,  which  it  is  presumed  will  not  be  com 
mitted. 

Such  was  the  compromise  of  1820.  Missouri  came  into  the 
Union  immediately  as  a  slaveholding  state,  and  Arkansas  came  in 
.as  a  slaveholding  state,  sixteen  years  afterward.  Nebraska,  the  part 
of  the  territory  reserved  exclusively  for  free  territories  and  free 
states,  has  remained  a  wilderness  ever  since.  And  now  it  is  pro 
posed  here  to  abrogate,  not,  indeed,  the  whole  compromise,  but  only 
that  part  of  it  which  saved  Nebraska  as  a  free  territory,  to  be  after 
ward  divided  into  non-slaveholding  states,  which  should  be  admitted 
into  the  Union.  And  this  is  proposed,  notwithstanding  a  universal 
acquiescence  in  the  compromise,  by  both  parties,  for  thirty  years, 
and  its  confirmation,  over  and  over  again,  by  many  acts  of  successive 
congresses,  arid  notwithstanding  that  the  slaveholding  states  have 
peaceably  enjoyed,  ever  since  it  was  made,  all  their  equivalents, 
while,  owing  to  circumstances  which  will  hereafter  appear,  the  non- 
slaveholding  states  have  not  practically  enjoyed  those  guarantied  to 
them. 

This  is  the  question  now  before  the  senate  of  the  United  States 
of  America. 

It  is  a  question  of  transcendent  importance  The  proviso  of 
1820,  to  be  abrogated  in  Nebraska,  is  the  ordinance  of  the  conti 
nental  congress  of  1787,  extended  over  a  new  part  of  the  national 
domain  acquired  under  our  present  constitution.  It  is  rendered 
venerable  by  its  antiquity,  and  sacred  by  the  memory  of  that  con 
gress,  which  in  surrendering  its  trust,  after  establishing  the  ordinance, 
enjoined  it  upon  posterity,  always  to  remember  that  the  cause  of  the 
United  States  was  the  cause  of  human  nature.  The  question  in 
volves  an  issue  of  public  faith,  and  national  morality  and  honor. 
It  will  be  a  sad  day  for  this  republic,  when  such  a  question  shall  be 
deemed  unworthy  of  grave  discussion,  and  shall  fail  to  excite  intense 
interest.  Even  if  it  were  certain  that  the  inhibition  of  slavery  in 
the  region  concerned  was  unnecessary,  and  if  the  question  were 
thus  reduced  to  a  mere  abstraction,  yet  even  that  abstraction  would 


44.0  SPEECHES    TN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

involve  the  testimony  of  the  United  States  on  the  expediency,  wis 
dom,  morality,  and  justice,  of  the  system  of  human  bondage,  with 
which  this  and  other  portions  of  the  world  have  been  so  long 
afflicted;  and  it  will  be  a  melancholy  day  for  the  republic  and  for 
mankind,  when  her  decision  on  even  such  an  abstraction  shall  com 
mand  no  respect,  and  inspire  no  hope  into  the  hearts  of  the  oppressed. 

But  it  is  no  such  abstraction.  It  was  no  unnecessary  dispute,  no 
mere  contest  of  blind  passion,  that  brought  that  compromise  into 
being.  Slavery  and  freedom  were  active  antagonists,  then  seeking 
for  ascendency  in  this  Union.  Both  slavery  and  freedom  are  more 
vigorous,  active,  and  self-aggrandizing  now,  than  they  were  then,  or 
ever  were  before  or  since  that  period.  The  contest  between  them 
has  been  only  protracted,  not  decided.  It  will  be  a  great  feature  in 
our  national  hereafter.  So  the  question  of  adhering  to  or  abrogating 
this  compromise  is  no  unmeaning  issue,  and  no  contest  of  mere  blind 
passion  now. 

To  adhere,  is  to  secure  the  occupation  by  freemen,  with  free  labor, 
of  a  region  in  the  very  center  of  the  continent,  capable  of  sustain 
ing,  and  in  that  event  destined,  though  it  may  be  only  after  a  far- 
distant  period,  to  sustain  ten,  twenty,  thirty,  forty  millions  of  people 
and  their  successive  generations  forever! 

To  abrogate,  is  to  resign  all  that  vast  region  to  chances  which 
mortal  vision  cannot  fully  foresee;  perhaps  to  the  sovereignty  of 
such  stinted  and  short-lived  communities  as  those  of  which  Mexico 
and  South  America  and  the  West  India  islands  present  us  with 
examples ;  perhaps  to  convert  that  region  into  a  scene  of  long  and 
desolating  conflicts  between  not  merely  races,  but  castes,  to  end,  like 
a  similar  conflict  in  Egypt,  in  a  convulsive  exodus  of  the  oppressed 
people,  despoiling  their  superiors ;  perhaps,  like  one  not  dissimilar 
in  Spain,  in  the  forcible  expulsion  of  the  inferior  race,  exhausting 
th<»  state  by  the  sudden  and  complete  suppression  of  a  great  resource 
of  national  wealth  and  labor;  perhaps  in  the  disastrous  expulsion, 
even  of  the  superior  race  itself,  by  a  people  too  suddenly  raised  from 
slavery  to  liberty,  as  in  St.  Domingo.  To  adhere  is  to  secure  for 
ever  the  presence  here,  after  some  lapse  of  time,  of  two,  four,  ten, 
twenty,  or  more  senators,  and  of  representatives  in  larger  propor 
tions,  to  uphold  the  policy  and  interests  of  the  non-slaveholding 
states,  and  balance  that  ever-incrensing  representation  of  slavehold- 
ing  states,  which  past  experience,  and  the  decay  of  the  Spanish- 


NEBRASKA   AND    KANSAS.  441 

American  states,  admonish  us  has  only  just  begun ;  to  save  what 
the  non-slaveholding  states  have  in  mints,  navy-yards,  the  military 
academy  and  fortifications,  to  balance  against  the  capital  and  federal 
institutions  in  the  slaveholding  states;  to  save  against  any  danger 
from  adverse  or  hostile  policy,  the  culture,  the  manufactures,  and 
the  commerce,  as  well  as  the  just  influence  and  weight  of  the 
national  principles  and  sentiments  of  the  slaveholding  states.  To 
adhere  is  to  save  to  the  non-slaveholding  states,  as  well  as  to  the 
slaveholding  states,  always,  and  in  every  event,  a  right  of  way  and 
free  communication  across  the  continent,  to  and  with  the  states  on 
the  Pacific  coasts,  and  with  the  rising  states  on  the  islands  in  the 
South  sea,  and  with  all  the  eastern  nations  on  the  vast  continent  of 
Asia. 

To  abrogate,  on  the  contrary,  is  to  commit  all  these  precious  inte 
rests  to  the  chances  and  hazards  of  embarrassment  and  injury  by 
legislation,  under  the  influence  of  social,  political  and  commercial 
jealousy  and  rivalry;  and  in  the  event  of  the  secession  of  the  slave- 
holding  states,  which  is  so  often  threatened  in  their  name,  but  I  thank 
God  without  their  authority,  to  give  to  a  servile  population  a  La 
Vendee  at  the  very  sources  of  the  Mississippi,  and  in  the  Very 
recesses  of  the  Rocky  mountains. 

Nor  is  this  last  a  contingency  against  which  a  statesman,  when 
engaged  in  giving  a  constitution  for  such  a  territory  so  situated,  must 
veil  his  eyes.  It  is  a  statesman's  province  and  duty  to  look  before 
as  well  as  after.  I  know,  indeed,  the  present  loyalty  of  the  Ameri 
can  people  north  and  south  and  east  and  west.  I  know  that  it  is  a 
sentiment  stronger  than  any  sectional  interest  or  ambition,  and 
stronger  than  even  the  love  of  equality  in  the  non-slaveholding 
states,  and  stronger,  I  doubt  not,  than  the  love  of  slavery  in  the 
slaveholding  states.  But  I  do  not  know,  and  no  mortal  sagacity 
does  know,  the  seductions  of  interest  and  ambition,  and  the  influences 
of  passion,  w~hich  are  yet  to  be  matured  in  every  region.  I  know 
this,  however,  that  this  Union  is  safe  now,  and  that  it  will  be  safe  so 
long  as  impartial  political  equality  shall  constitute  the  basis  of  society, 
as  it  has  heretofore  done,  in  even  half  of  these  states,  and  they  shall 
thus  maintain  a  just  equilibrium  against  the  slaveholding  states. 
But  I  am  well  assured,  also,  on  the  other  hand,  that  if  ever  the 
slaveholding  states  shall  multiply  themselves  and  extend  their  sphere 
BO  that  they  could,  without  association  with  the  non-slaveholding 
VOL.  TV.  56 


442  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

states,  constitute  of  themselves  a  commercial  republie,  from  that  day 
their  rule,  through  the  executive,  judicial  and  legislative  powers  of 
this  government,  will  be  such  as  will  be  hard  for  the  non-slavehold- 
ing  states  to  bear;  and  their  pride  and  ambition,  since  they  are  con 
gregations  of  rnen  and  are  moved  by  human  passions,  will  consent 
to  no  Union  in  which  they  shall  not  so  rule. 

The  slaveholding  states  already  possess  the  mouths  of  the  Missis 
sippi,  and  their  territory  reaches  far  northward  along  its  banks  on 
one  side  to  the  Ohio,  and  on  the  other  even  to  the  confluence  of  the 
Missouri.  They  stretch  their  dominion  now  from  the  banks  of  the 
Delaware,  quite  around  bay,  headland  and  promontory  to  the  Rio 
Grande.  They  will  not  stop,  although  they  now  think  they  may,  ou 
the  summit  of  the  Sierra  Nevada ;  nay,  their  armed  pioneers  are 
already  in  Sonora,  and  their  eyes  are  already  fixed,  never  to  be 
taken  off,  on  the  island  of  Cuba,  the  queen  of  the  Antilles.  If  we 
of  the  non-slaveholding  states  surrender  to  them  now  the  eastern 
slope  of  the  Rocky  mountains  and  the  very  sources  of  the  Mississippi, 
what  territory  will  be  secure,  what  territory  can  be  secured  hereafter, 
for  the  creation  and  organization  of  free  states  within  our  ocean- 
bound  domain?  What  territories  on  this  continent  will  remain 
unappropriated  and  unoccupied  for  us  to  annex  ?  What  territories, 
even  if  we  are  able  to  buy  or  conquer  them  from  Great  Britain  or 
Russia,  will  the  slaveholding  states  suffer,  much  less  aid  us  to  annex, 
to  restore  the  equilibrium  which,  by  this  unnecessary  measure,  we 
shall  have  so  unwisely,  so  hurriedly,  so  suicidally  subverted  ? 

Nor  am  I  to  be  told  that  only  a  few  slaves  will  enter  into  this  vast 
region.  One  slaveholder  in  a  new  territory,  with  access  to  the  execu 
tive  ear  at  Washington,  exercises  more  political  influence  than  rive 
hundred  freemen.  It  is  not  necessary  that  all  or  a  majority  of  the 
citizens  of  a  state  shall  be  slaveholders  to  constitute  a  slaveholding 
state.  Delaware  has  only  two  thousand  slaves  against  ninety-one 
thousand  freemen ;  and  yet  Delaware  is  a  slaveholding  state.  The 
proportion  is  not  substantially  different  in  Maryland  and  in  Missouri ; 
and  yet  they  are  slaveholding  states.  These,  sir,  are  the  stakes  in 
this  legislative  game,  in  which  I  lament  to  see,  that  while  the  repre 
sentatives  of  the  slaveholding-  states  are  unanimously  and  earnestly 
playing  to  win,  so  many  of  (he  representatives  of  the  non-slave- 
holding  states  are,  with  even  greater  zeal  and  diligence,  playing  to 


KANSAS   AND   NEBRASKA.  4 -43 

The  committee  who  have  recommended  these  twin  bills  for  the 
organization  of  the  territories  of  Nebraska  and  Kansas,  hold  the 
affirmative  in  the  argument  upon  their  passage. 

What  is  the  case  they  present  to  the  senate  and  the  country  ? 

They  have  submitted  a  report,  but  that  report,  brought  in  before 
they  had  introduced  or  even  conceived  this  bold  and  daring  measure 
of '  abrogating  the  Missouri  compromise,  directs  all  its  arguments 
against  it. 

The  committee  say  in  their  report : 

"  Such  being  the  character  of  the  controversy,  in  respect  to  the  territory  acquired 
from  Mexico,  a  similar  question  has  arisen  in  regard  to  the  right  to  hold  slaves  in 
the  proposed  territory  of  Nebraska,  when  the  Indian  laws  shall  be  withdrawn, 
and  the  country  thrown  open  to  emigration  and  settlement.  By  the  eighth  sec 
tion  of  '  An  act  to  authorize  the  people  of  the  Missouri  territory  to  form  a  consti 
tution  and  state  government,  and  for  the  admission  of  such  state  into  the  Union 
on  an  equal  footing  with  the  original  states,  and  to  prohibit  slavery  in  certain 
territories,'  approved  March  6.  1820,  it  was  provided :  '  That  in  all  that  territory 
ceded  by  France  to  the  United  States  under  the  name  of  Louisiana,  which  lies 
north  of  thirty-six  degrees  and  thirty  minutes  north  latitude,  not  included  within 
the  limits  of  the  state  contemplated  by  this  act,  slavery  and  involuntary  servitude, 
otherwise  than  in  the  punishment  of  crimes,  whereof  the  parties  shall  have  been 
duly  convicted,  shall  be  and  is  hereby  forever  prohibited :  Provided,  always,  that 
any  person  escaping  into  the  same,  from  whom  labor  or  service  is  lawfully  claimed, 
in  any  state  or  territory  of  the  United  States,  such  fugitive  may  be  law!' illy 
reclaimed  and  conveyed  to  the  person  claiming  his  or  her  labor  or  service  as 
aforesaid.' 

"  Uud  jr  this  section,  as  in  the  case  of  the  Mexican  law  in  New  Mexico  and 
Utah,  it  is  a  disputed  point  whether  slavery  is  prohibited  in  the  Nebraska  country 
by  valid  enactment.  The  decision  of  this  question  involves  the  constitutional 
power  of  congress  to  pass  laws  prescribing  and  regulating  the  domestic  institutions 
of  the  various  territories  of  the  Union.  In  the  opinion  of  those  eminent  states 
men  who  hold  that  congress  is  invested  with  no  rightful  authority  to  legislate  upon 
the  subject  of  slavery  in  the  territories,  the  eighth  section  of  the  act  preparatory 
to  the  admission  of  Missouri  is  null  and  void  :  while  the  prevailing  sentiment  in 
large  portions  of  the  Union  sustains  the  doctrine  that  the  constitution  of  the 
United  States  secures  to  every  citi/en  an  inalienable  right  to  move  into  any  of  the 
territories  with  his  property,  of  whatever  kind  and  description,  and  to  hold  and 
enjoy  the  same  under  the  sanction  of  the  law.  Your  committee  do  not  feel  them 
selves  called  upon  to  enter  into  the  discussion  of  these  controverted  questions. 
They  involve  the  same  grave  issues  which  produced  the  agitation,  the  sectional 
strife  and  the  fearful  struggle  of  1850.  As  congress  deemed  it  wise  and  prudent 
to  refrain  from  deciding  the  matters  in  controversy  then,  either  by  affirming  or 
repealing  the  Mexican  laws,  or  by  an  act  declaratory  of  the  true  intent  of  the 
constitution,  and  the  extent  of  the  protection  afforded  by  it  to  slave  property  in 
the  territories.. so  your  committee  are  not  prepared  now  to  recommend  a  departure 


444:  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

from  the  course  pursued  on  that  memorable  occasion,  either  hv  affirming1  or  repeal 
ing  the  eighth  section  of  the  Missouri  act,  or  by  any  act  declaratory  of  the  mean 
ing  of  the  constitution  in  respect  to  the  legal  points  in  dispute." 

This  report  gives  us  the  deliberate  judgment  of  the  committee  on 
two  important  points.  First,  that  the  compromise  of  1850  did  not, 
by  its  letter  or  by  its  spirit,  repeal  or  render  necessary,  or  even  pro 
pose  the  abrogation  of  the  Missouri  compromise;  and,  secondly,  that 
the  Missouri  compromise  ought  not  now  to  be  abrogated.  And  now, 
sir,  what  do  we  next  hear  from  this  committee?  First,  two  similar 
and  kindred  bills,  actually  abrogating  the  Missouri  compromise, 
which  in  their  report  they  had  told  us  ought  not  to  be  abrogated  at 
all.  Secondly,  these  bills  declare  on  their  face  in  substance  that  that 
compromise  was  already  abrogated  by  the  spirit  of  that  very  com 
promise  of  1850,  which,  in  their  report  they  had  just  shown  us,  left 
the  compromise  of  1820  absolutely  unaffected  and  unimpaired 
Thirdly,  the  committee  favor  us,  by  their  chairman,  watli  an  oial 
explanation  that  the  amended  bills  abrogating  the  Missouri  compro 
mise  are  identical  with  their  previous  bill,  which  did  not  abrogate  it, 
and  are  only  made  to  differ  in  phraseology,  to  the  end  that  the  pro 
visions  contained  in  their  previous,  and  now  discarded  bill,  shall  be 
absolutely  clear  and  certain. 

I  entertain  great  respect  for  the  committee  itself,  but  I  must  take 
leave  to  say  that  the  inconsistencies  and  self-contradictions  contained 
in  the  papers  it  has  given  us,  have  destroyed  all  claims,  on  the  part 
of  those  documents,  to  respect,  here  or  elsewhere. 

The  recital  of  the  effect  of  the  compromise  of  1850,  upon  the 
compromise  of  1820,  as  finally  revised,  corrected,  and  amended,  here 
in  the  face  of  the  senate,  means  after  all  substantially  what  that 
recital  meant  as  it  stood  before  it  was  perfected,  or  else  it  means 
nothing  tangible  or  worthy  of  consideration  at  all.  What  if  the 
.spirit,  or  even  the  letter,  of  the  compromise  laws  of  1850  did  conflict 
with  the  compromise  of  1820?  The  compromise  of  1820  was,  by 
its  very  nature,  a  compromise  irrepealable  and  unchangeable,  without 
.a  violation  of  honor,  justice,  and  good  faith.  The  compromise  of 
1850,  if  it  impaired  the  previous  compromise  to  the  extent  of  the 
loss  to  free  labor  of  one  acre  of  the  territory  of  Nebraska,  was  either 
absolutely  void,  or  ought,  in  all  subsequent  legislation,  to  be  deemed 
and  held  void. 


FREEDOM   AND    PUBLIC   FAITH.  445 

What  if  the  spirit  or  the  letter  of  the  compromise  was  a  violation 
of  the  compromise  of  1820?  Then,  inasmuch  as  the  compromise 
of  1820  was  inviolable,  the  attempted  violation  of  it  shows  that  the 
so-called  compromise  of  1850  was  to  that  extent  not  a  compromise 
at  all,  but  a  factitious,  spurious,  and  pretended  compromise.  What 
if  the  letter  or  spirit  of  the  compromise  of  1850  did  supersede  or 
impair,  or  in  any  way,  in  any  degree,  conflict  with  the  compromise 
of  1820  ?  Then  that  is  a  reason  for  abrogating,  not  the  irrepealable 
and  inviolable  compromise  of  1820,  but  the  spurious  and  pretended 
compromise  of  1850. 

Why  is  this  reason  for  the  proposed  abrogation  of  the  compromise 
of  1820  assigned  in  these  bills  at  all?  -It  is  unnecessary.  The  as 
signment  of  a  reason  adds  nothing  to  the  force  or  weight  of  the 
abrogation  itself.  Either  the  fact  alleged  as  a  reason  is  true  or  it  is 
not  true.  If  it  be  untrue,  your  asserting  it  here  will  not  make  it 
true.  If  it  be  true,  it  is  apparent  in  the  text  of  the  law  of  1850, 
without  the  aid  of  legislative  exposition  now.  It  is  unusual.  It  is 
unparliamentary.  The  language  of  the  lawgiver,  whether  the  sov 
ereign  be  democratic,  republican,  or  despotic,  is  always  the  same. 
It  is  mandatory,  imperative.  If  the  lawgiver  explains  at  all  in  a 
statute  the  reason  for  it,  the  reason  is  that  it  is  his  pleasure — sic  volor 
sic  jubeo.  Look  at  the  compromise  of  1820.  Does  it  plead  an  ex 
cuse  for  its  commands?  Look  at  the  compromise  of  1850,  drawn 
by  the  master-hand  of  our  American  Chatham.  Does  that  bespeak 
your  favor  by  a  quibbling  or  shuffling  apology  ?  Look  at  your 
own,  now  rejected,  first  Nebraska  bill,  which,  by  conclusive  impli 
cation,  saved  the  effect  of  the  Missouri  compromise.  Look  at  any 
other  bill  ever  reported  by  the  committee  on  territories.  Look  at 
any  other  bill  now  on  your  calendar.  Examine  all  the  laws  on 
your  statute  books.  Do  you  find  any  one  bill  or  statute  which  ever 
came  bowing,  stooping,  and  wriggling  into  the  senate,  pleading  an 
excuse  for  its  clear  and  explicit  declaration  of  the  sovereign  and 
irresistible  will  of  the  American  people  ?  The  departure  from  this 
habit  in  this  solitary  case  betrays  self-distrust,  and  an  attempt  on 
the  part  of  the  bill  to  divert  the  public  attention,  to  raise  complex 
and  immaterial  issues,  to  perplex  and  bewilder  and  confound  the 
people  \}j  whom  this  transaction  is  to  be  reviewed.  Look  again  at 
the  vacillation  betrayed  in  the  frequent  changes  of  the  structure  of 
this  apology.  At  first  the  recital  told  us  that  the  eighth  section 


446  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

of  the  compromise  act  of  1820  was  superseded  by  the  principles  of 
the  compromise  laws  of  1850 — as  if  any  one  had  ever  heard  of  a 
supersedeas  of  one  local  law  by  the  mere  principles  of  another  local 
law,  enacted  for  an  altogether  different  region,  thirty  years  after 
ward.  On  another  day  we  were  told,  by  an  amendment  of  the 
recital,  that  the  compromise  of  1820  was  not  superseded  by  the  com 
promise  of  1850  at  all,  but  was  only  "  inconsistent  with  "  it — as  if  a 
local  act  which  was  irrepealable  was  now  to  be  abrogated,  because  it 
was  inconsistent  with  a  subsequent  enactment,  which  had  no  appli 
cation  whatever  within  the  region  to  which  the  first  enactment  was 
confined.  On  a  third  day  the  meaning  of  the  recital  was  further 
and  finally  elucidated  by  an  amendment,  which  declared  that  the 
first  irrepeahible  act  protecting  Nebraska  from  slavery  was  now 
declared  "  inoperative  and  void,"  because  it  was  inconsistent  with 
the  present  purposes  of  congress  not  to  legislate  slavery  into  any 
territory  or  state,  nor  to  exclude  it  therefrom. 

But  take  this  apology  in  whatever  form  it  may  be  expressed,  and 
test  its  logic  by  a  simple  process. 

The  law  of  1820  secured  free  institutions  in  the  regions  acquired 
from  France  in  1803,  by  the  wise  and  prudent  foresight  of  the  con 
gress  of  the  United  States.  The  law  of  1850,  on  the  contrary, 
committed  the  choice  between  free  and  slave  institutions  in  New 
Mexico  and  Utah — territories  acquired  from  Mexico  nearly  fifty 
years  afterward — to  the  interested  cupidity  or  the  caprice  of  their 
earliest  and  accidental  occupants.  Free  institutions  and  slave  insti 
tutions  are  equal,  but  the  interested  cupidity  of  the  pioneer,  is  a 
wiser  arbiter,  and  bis  judgment  a  surer  safeguard,  than  the  collective 
wisdom  of  the  American  people  and  the  most  solemn  and  time-hon 
ored  statute  of  the  American  congress.  Therefore,  let  the  law  of 
freedom  in  the  territory  acquired  from  France  be  now  annulled  and 
abrogated,  and  let  the  fortunes  and  fate  of  freedom  and  slavery,  in 
the  region  acquired  from  France,  be,  henceforward  and  forever, 
determined  by  the  votes  of  some  seven  hundred  camp  followers 
around  Fort  Leavenworth,  and  the  still  smaller  number  of  trappers, 
government  school-masters,  and  mechanics,  who  attend  the  Indians 
in  their  seasons  of  rest  from  hunting  in  the  passes  of  the  Eocky 
mountains.  Sir,  this  syllogism  may  satisfy  you  and  other  senators; 
but  as  for  me,  I  must  be  content  to  adhere  to  the  earlier  system. 
Stare  super  antiquas  vias. 


THE    MISSOTRI    COMPROMISE.  447 

There  is  yet  another  difficulty  in  this  new  theory.  Let  it  be 
granted  that,  in  order  to  carry  out  a  new  principle  recently  adopted 
in  New  Mexico,  you  can  supplant  a  compromise  in  Nebraska,  yet 
there  is  a  maxim  of  public  law  which  forbids  you  from  supplanting 
that  compromise,  and  establishing  a  new  system  there,  until  you  first 
restore  the  parties  in  interest  there  to  their  statu  quo  before  the  com 
promise  to  be  supplanted  was  established.  First,  then,  remand 
Missouri  and  Arkansas  back  to  the  unsettled  condition,  in  regard  to 
slavery,  which  they  held  before  the  compromise  of  1820  was  enacted, 
and  then  we  will  hear  you  talk  of  rescinding  that  compromise.  You 
cannot  do  this.  You  ought  not  to  do  it,  if  you  could  ;  and  because 
you  cannot  and  ought  not  to  do  it,  you  cannot,  without  violating 
law,  justice,  equity  and  honor,  abrogate  the  guarantee  of  freedom  in 
Nebraska. 

There  is  still  another  and  not  less  serious  difficulty.  You  call  the 
slavery  laws  of  1850  a  compromise  between  the  slaveholding  and 
non-slaveholding  states.  For  the  purposes  of  this  argument,  let  it 
be  granted  that  they  were  such  a  compromise.  It  was  nevertheless 
a  compromise  concerning  slavery  in  the  territories  acquired  from 
Mexico,  and  by  the  letter  of  the  compromise  it  extended  no  further. 
Can  you  now,  by  an  act  which  is  not  a  compromise  between  the 
same  parties,  but  a  mere  ordinary  law,  extend  the  ibrce  and  obliga 
tion  of  the  principles  of  that  compromise  of  1850  into  regions  not 
only  excluded  from  it,  but  absolutely  protected  from  your  interven 
tion  there  by  a  solemn  compromise  of  thirty  years'  duration,  and 
invested  with  a  sanctity  scarcely  inferior  to  that  which  hallows  the 
constitution  itself? 

Can  the  compromise  of  1850,  by  a  mere  ordinary  act  of  legisla 
tion,  be  extended  beyond  the  plain,  known,  fixed  intent  and  under 
standing  of  the  parties  at  the  time  that  contract  was  made,  and  yet 
be  binding  on  the  parties  to  it,  not  merely  legally,  but  in  honor  and 
conscience  ?  Can  you  abrogate  a  compromise  by  passing  any  law 
of  less  dignity  than  a  compromise?  If  so,  of  what  value  is  any 
one  or  the  whole  of  the  compromises?  Thus  you  see  that  these 
bills  violate  both  of  the  compromises — not  more  that  of  1820  than 
that  of  1850. 

Will  you  maintain  in  argument  that  it  was  understood  by  the 
parties  interested  throughout  the  country,  or  by  either  of  them,  or 
by  any  representative  of  either,  in  either  house  of  congress,  that  the 


448  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

principle  then  established  should  extend  byond  the  limits  of  the 
territories  acquired  from  Mexico,  into  the  territories  acquired  nearly 
fifty  years  before,  from  France,  arid  then  reposing  under  the  gua 
ranty  of  the  compromise  of  1820  ?  I  know  not  how  senators  may 
i/ofe,  but  I  do  know  what  they  will  say.  I  appeal  to  the  honorable 
senator  from  Michigan  [Mr.  CASS],  than  whom  none  performed  a 
more  distinguished  part  in  establishing  the  compromise  of  1850, 
whether  he  so  intended  or  understood.  I  appeal  to  the  honorable 
and  candid  senator,  the  senior  representative  from  Tennessee  [Mr. 
BELL],  who  performed  a  distinguished  part  also.  Did  he  so  under 
stand  the  compromise  of  1850?  Pie  is  silent.  I  appeal  to  the 
gallant  senator  from  Illinois  [Mr.  SHIELDS]  ?  He,  too,  is  silent.  I 
now  throw  my  gauntlet  at  the  feet  of  every  senator  now  here, 
who  was  in  the  senate  in  1850,  and  challenge  him  to  say  that 
he  then  knew,  or  thought,  or  dreamed,  that,  by  enacting  the  com 
promise  of  1850,  he  was  directly  or  indirectly  abrogating,  or  in  any 
degree  impairing,  the  Missouri  compromise?  No  one  takes  it  up. 
I  appeal  to  that  very  distinguished — nay,  sir,  that  expression  falls 
short  of  his  eminence — that  illustrious  man,  the  senator  from  Mis 
souri  [Mr.  BENTON],  who  led  the  opposition  here  to  the  compromise 
of  1850.  Did  he  understand  that  that  compromise  in  any  way 
overreached  or  impaired  the  compromise  of  1820?  Sir,  that  distin 
guished  person,  while  opposing  the  combination  of  the  several  laws 
on  the  subject  of  California  and  the  territories,  and  slavery,  together, 
in  one  bill,  so  as  to  constitute  a  compromise,  nevertheless  voted  for 
each  one  of  those  bills,  severally ;  and  in  that  way,  and  that  way 
only,  they  were  passed.  Had  he  known  or  understood  that  any 
one  of  them  overreached  and  impaired  the  Missouri  compromise,  we 
all  know  he  would  have  perished  before  he  would  have  given  it  his 
support. 

If  it  were  not  irreverent,  I  would  dare  to  call  up  the  author  of 
both  of  the  compromises  in  question,  from  his  honored,  though  yet 
scarcely  grass-covered  grave,  and  challenge  any  advocate  of  this 
measure  to  confront  that  imperious  shade,  and  say  that,  in  making 
the  compromise  of  1850,  Henry  Clay  intended  or  dreamed  that  he 
was  subverting  or  preparing  the  way  for  a  subversion  of  his  greater 
work  of  1820.  Sir,  if  that  eagle  spirit  is  yet  lingering  here  over  the 
scene  of  its  mortal  labors,  and  watching  over  the  welfare  of  the 
republic  it  loved  so  well,  it  is  now  moved  with  more  than  human 


THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  449 

indignation  against  those  who  are  perverting  its  last  great  public  act 
from  its  legitimate  uses,  not  merely  to  subvert  the  column,  but  to 
wrench  from  its  very  bed  the  base  of  the  column  that  perpetuates 
its  fame. 

And  that  other  proud  and  dominating  senator,  who,  sacrificing 
himself,  gave  the  aid  without  which  the  compromise  of  1850  could 
not  have  been  established — the  statesman  of  New  England  and  the 
orator  of  America — who  dare  assert  here  where  his  memory  is  yet 
fresh,  though  his  unfettered  spirit  may  be  wandering  in  spheres  far 
hence,  that  he  intended  to  abrogate,  or  dreamed  that  by  virtue  of  or  in 
consequence  of  that  transaction,  the  Missouri  compromise  would  or 
could  ever  be  abrogated?  The  portion  of  the  Missouri  compromise 
you  propose  to  abrogate,  is  the  ordinance  of  1787  extended  to  Nebraska. 
Hear  what  Daniel  Webster  said  of  that  ordinance  itself  in  1830,  in 
this  very  place,  in  reply  to  one  who  had  undervalued  it  and  its  author : 

"  I  spoke,  sir,  of  the  ordinance  of  1787,  which  prohibits  slavery,  in  all  future 
time,  northwest  of  the  Ohio,  as  a  measure  of  great  wisdom  and  forethought,  and 
one  which  has  been  attended  with  highly  beneficial  and  permanent  consequences," 

And  now  hear  what  he  said  here,  when  advocating  the  compro 
mise  of  1850 : 

"  I  now  say,  sir,  as  the  proposition  upon  which  I  stand  this  day,  and  upon  the 
truth  and  firmness  of  which  I  intend  to  act  until  it  is  overthrown,  that  there  is 
not  at  this  moment  in  the  United  States,  or  any  territory  of  the  United  States,. 
one  single  foot  of  land,  the  character  of  which,  in  regard  to  its  being  free  territory 
or  slave  territory,  is  not  fixed  by  some  law,  and  some  IRREPEALABLE  law,  beyond 
the  power  of  the  action  of  this  government." 

What  irrepealable  law,  or  what  law  of  any  kind,  fixed  the  charac 
ter  of  Nebraska  as  free  or  slave  territory,  except  the  Missouri  com 
promise  act  ? 

And  now  hear  what  Daniel  Webster  said  when  vindicating  the 
compromise  of  1850,  at  Buffalo,  in  1851 : 

a  My  opinion  remains  unchanged,  that  it  was  not  within  the  original  scope  or 
design  of  the  constitution  to  admit  new  states  out  of  foreign  territory ;  and  for 
one,  whatever  may  be  said  at  the  Syracuse  convention  or  any  other  assemblage  of 
insane  persons,  I  never  would  consent,  and  never  have  consented,  that  there  should 
be  one  foot  of  slave  territory  beyond  what  the  old  thirteen  states  had  at  the  time 
of  the  formation  of  the  Union !  Never !  Never  ! 

"  The  man  cannot  show  his  face  to  me  and  say  he  can  prove  that  I  ever  departed 
from  that  doctrine.  He  would  sneak  away  and  slink  away,  or  hire  a  mercenary 
press  to  cry  out,  What  an  apostate  from  liberty  Daniel  Webster  has  become  !  But 
he  knows  himself  to  be  a  hypocrite  and  a  falsifier." 

VOL.  IV.  57 


450  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

That  compromise  was  forced  upon  the  slaveholding  states  and  upon 
the  non-slaveholding  states  as  a  mutual  exchange  of  equivalents. 
The  equivalents  were  accurately  denned  and  caretully  scrutinized 
and  weighed  by  the  respective  parties  through  a  period  of  eight 
months.  The  equivalents  offered  to  the  non-slaveholding  states 
were:  First,  the  admission  of  California;  second,  the  abolition  of 
the  public  slave  trade  in  the  District  of  Columbia.  These,  arid  these 
only,  were  the  boons  offered  to  them,  and  the  only  sacrifices  which 
the  slaveholding  states  were  required  to  make.  The  waiver  of  the 
Wilmot  proviso  in  the  incorporation  of  New  Mexico  and  Utah,  and 
a  new  fugitive  slave  law,  were  the  only  boons  proposed  to  the  slave- 
holding  states,  and  the  only  sacrifices  exacted  of  the  non-slavehold 
ing  states.  No  other  questions  between  them  were  agitated,  except 
those  which  were  involved  in  the  gain  or  loss  of  more  or  less  of  free 
territory  or  of  slave  territory  in  the  determination  of  the  boundary 
between  Texas  and  New  Mexico,  by  a  line  that  was  at  last  arbitra 
rily  made,  expressly  saving,  even  in  those  territories,  to  the  respective 
parties,  their  respective  shares  of  free  soil  and  slave  soil,  according 
to  the  articles  of  annexation  of  the  republic  of  Texas.  Again  : 
There  were  alleged  to  be  five  open,  bleeding  wounds  in  the  federal 
system,  and  no  more,  which  needed  surgery,  and  to  which  the  com 
promise  of  1850  was  to  be  a  cataplasm.  We  all  know  what  they 
were:  California  without  a  constitution ;  New  Mexico  in  the  grasp 
of  military  power ;  Utah  neglected;  the  District  of  Columbia  dis 
honored  ;  and  the  rendition  of  fugitives  denied.  Nebraska  was  not 
even  thought  of  in  this  catalogue  of  national  ills.  And  now,  sir, 
did  the  Nashville  convention  of  secessionists  understand  that,  besides 
the  enumerated  boons  offered  to  the  slaveholding  states,  they  were 
to  have  also  the  obliteration  of  the  Missouri  compromise  line  of  1820  ? 
If  they  did,  why  did  they  reject  and  scorn  and  scout  at  the  compro 
mise  of  1850?  Did  the  legislatures  and  public  assemblies  of  the 
non-slaveholding  states,  who  made  your  table  groan  with  their  remon 
strances,  understand  that  Nebraska  was  an  additional  wound  to  be 
healed  by  the  compromise  of  1850  ?  If  they  did,  why  did  they  omit 
to  remonstrate  against  the  healing  of  that,  too,  as  well  as  of  the  other 
five,  by  the  cataplasm,  the  application  of  which  they  resisted  so  long? 

Again:  Had  it  been  then  known  that  the  Missouri  compromise 
was  to  be  abolished,  directly  or  indirectly,  by  the  compromise  of 
1850,  what  representative  from  a  non-slaveholding  state  would,  at 


THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  451 

that  day,  have  voted  for  it  ?  Not  one.  What  senator  from  a  slave- 
holding  state  would  not  have  voted  for  it  ?  Not  one.  So  entirely 
was  it  then  unthought  of  that  the  new  compromise  was  to  repeal  the 
Missouri  compromise  line  of  36°  30'  in  the  region  acquired  from 
France,  that  one- half  of  that  long  debate  was  spent  on  propositions 
made  by  representatives  from  slaveholding  states,  to  extend  the  line 
further  on  through  the  new  territory  we  had  acquired  so  recently 
from  Mexico,  until  it  should  disappear  in  the  waves  of  the  Pacific 
ocean,  so  as  to  secure  actual  toleration  of  slavery  in  all  of  this  new 
territory  that  should  be  south  of  that  line ;  and  these  propositions 
were  resisted  strenuously  and  successfully  to  the  last  by  the  represen 
tatives  of  the  non-slaveholding  states,  in  order,  if  it  were  possible,  to 
save  the  whole  of  those  regions  for  the  theatre  of  free  labor. 

I  admit  that  these  are  only  negative  proofs,  although  they  are 
pregnant  with  conviction.  But  here  is  one  which  is  not  only  affirm 
ative,  but  positive,  and  not  more  positive  than  conclusive. 

In  the  fifth  section  of  the  Texas  boundary  bill,  one  of  the  acts 
constituting  the  compromise  of  1850,  are  these  words 

"  Provided;  That  nothing  herein  contained  shall  be  construed  to  impair  or  qualify 
anything  contained  in  the  third  article  of  the  second  section  of  the  joint  resolu 
tion  for  annexing  Texas  to  the  United  States,  approved  March  1,  1845,  either  as 
regards  the  number  of  states  that  may  hereafter  be  formed  out  of  the  state  of 
Texas  or  otherwise." 

What  was  that  third  article  of  the  second  section  of  the  joint  reso 
lution  for  annexing  Texas  ?  Here  it  is  : 

"New  states  of  convenient  size,  not  exceeding  four  in  number,  in  addition  to 
said  state  of  Texas,  having  sufficient  population,  may  hereafter,  by  the  consent  of 
said  state,  be  formed  out  of  the  territory  thereof,  which  shall  be  entitled  to  admis 
sion  under  the  provisions  of  the  federal  constitution.  And  such  states  as  may  be 
formed  out  of  that  portion  of  said  territory  lying  south  of  36°  30'  north  latitude, 
commonly  known  as  the  Missouri  compromise  line,  shall  be  admitted  into  the 
Union  with  or  without  slavery,  as  the  people  of  each  state  asking  admission  may 
desire.  And  in  such  state  or  states  as  shall  be  formed  out  of  said  territory  north 
of  said  Missouri  compromise  line,  slavery  or  involuntary  servitude  (except  for 
crime)  shall  be  prohibited." 

This  article  saved  the  compromise  of  1820,  in  express  terms, 
overcoming  any  implication  of  its  abrogation,  which  might,  by  acci 
dent  or  otherwise,  have  crept  into  the  compromise  of  1850 ;  and  any 
inferences  to  that  effect  that  might  be  drawn  from  any  such  circum 
stance  as  that  of  drawing  the  boundary  line  of  Utah  so  as  to  tres- 


452  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES  SENATE. 

pass  on  the  territory  of  Nebraska,  dwelt  upon  by  the  senator  from 
Illinois. 

The  proposition  to  abrogate  the  Missouri  compromise  being  thus 
stripped  of  the  pretense  that  it  is  only  a  reiteration  or  a  reaffirmation 
of  a  similar  abrogation  in  the  compromise  of  1850,  or  a  necessary 
consequence  of  that  measure,  stands  before  us  now  upon  its  own 
merits,  whatever  they  may  be. 

But  here  the  senator  from  Illinois  challenges  the  assailants  of 
these  bills,  on  the  ground  that  they  all  were  opponents  of  the  com 
promise  of  1850,  and  even  of  that  of  1820.  Sir,  it  is  not  my 
purpose  to  answer  in  person  to  this  challenge.  The  necessity,, 
reasonableness,  justice,  and  wisdom  of  those  compromises,  are  not 
in  question  here  now.  My  own  opinions  on  them  were,  at  a  proper 
time,  fully  made  known.  I  abide  the  judgment  of  my  country  and 
mankind  upon  them.  For  the  present,  I  meet  the .  committee  who 
have  brought  this  measure  forward,  on  the  field  they  themselves 
have  chosen,  and  the  controversy  is  reduced  to  two  questions :  1st. 
Whether,  by  letter  or  spirit,  the  compromise  of  1850  abrogated  or 
involved  a  future  abrogation  of  the  compromise  of  1820  ?  2d. 
Whether  this  abrogation  can  now  be  made  consistently  with  honor, 
justice,  and  good  faith?  As  to  my  right,  or  that  of  any  other 
senator,  to  enter  these  lists,  the  credentials  filed  in  the  secretary's 
office  settle  that  question.  Mine  bear  a  seal,  as  broad  and  as  firmly 
fixed  there  as  any  other,  by  a  people  as  wise,  as  free,  and  as  great^ 
as  any  one  of  all  the  thirty-one  republics  represented  here. 

But  I  will  take  leave  to  say,  that  an  argument  merely  ad  per  son  am, 
seldom  amounts  to  anything  more  than  an  argument  ad  captandum. 
A  life  of  approval  of  compromises,  and  of  devotion  to  them,  only 
enhances  the  obligation  faithfully  to  fulfill  them.  A  life  of  disap 
probation  of  the  policy  of  compromises  only  renders  one  more 
earnest  in  exacting  fulfillment  of  them,  when  good  and  cherished 
interests  are  secured  by  them. 

Thus  much  for  the  report  and  the  bills  of  the  committee,  and  for 
the  positions  of  the  parties  in  this  debate.  A  measure  so  bold,  so 
unlooked-for,  so  startling,  and  yet  so  pregnant  as  this,  should  have 
some  plea  of  necessity.  Is  there  any  such  necessity  ?  On  the  con 
trary,  it  is  not  necessary  now,  even  if  it  be  altogether  wise,  to 
establish  territorial  governments  in  Nebraska.  Not  less  than 
eighteen  tribes  of  Indians  occupy  that  vast  tract,  fourteen  of  which, 


NEBRASKA    AND    KANSAS.  458 

I  am  informed,  have  been  removed  there  by  our  own  act,  and  in 
vested  with  a  fee  simple  to  enjoy  a  secure  and  perpetual  home,  safe 
from  the  intrusion  and  the  annoyance,  and  even  from  the  presence 
of  the  white  man,  and  under  the  paternal  care  of  the  government, 
and  with  the  instruction  of  its  teachers  and  mechanics,  to  acquire 
the  arts  of  civilization  and  the  habits  of  social  life.  I  will  not  say 
that  this  was  done  to  prevent  that  territory,  because  denied  to 
slavery,  from  being  occupied  by  free  white  men,  and  cultivated 
with  free  white  labor ;  but  I  will  say,  that  this  removal  of  the 
Indians  there,  under  such  guaranties,  has  had  that  effect.  The 
territory  cannot  be  occupied  now,  any  more  than  heretofore,  by 
savages  and  white  men,  with  or  without  slaves,  together.  Our  ex 
perience  and  our  Indian  policy  alike  remove  all  dispute  from  this 
point.  Either  these  preserved  ranges  must  still  remain  to  the 
Indians  hereafter,  or  the  Indians,  whatever  temporary  resistance 
against  removal  they  may  make,  must  retire. 

Where  shall  they  go?  Will  you  bring  them  back  again  across 
the  Mississippi?  There  is  no  room  for  Indians  here.  Will  you 
send  them  northward,  beyond  your  territory  of  Nebraska,  toward 
the  British  border?  That  is  already  occupied  by  Indians;  there  is 
no  room  there.  Will,  you  turn  them  loose  upon  Texas  and  New 
Mexico?  There  is  no  room  there. 

Will  you  drive  them  over  the  Rocky  mountains?  They  will 
meet  a  tide  of  immigration  there  flowing  into  California  from 
Europe  and  from  Asia.  Whither,  then,  shall  they,  the  dispos 
sessed,  unpitied  heirs  of  this  vast  continent,  go?  The  answer  is, 
nowhere.  If  they  remain  in  Nebraska,  of  what  use  are  your 
charters  ?  Of  what  harm  is  the  Missouri  compromise  in  Nebraska, 
in  that  case?  Whom  doth  it  oppress?  No  one. 

Who,  indeed,  demands  territorial  organization  in  Nebraska  at  all. 
The  Indians?  No.  It  is  to  them  the  consummation  of  a  long  ap 
prehended  doom.  Practically,  no  one  demands  it.  I  am  told  that 
the  whole  white  population,  scattered  here  and  there  throughout 
those  broad  regions,  exceeding  in  extent  the  whole  of  the  inhabited 
part  of  the  United  States  at  the  time  of  the  revolution,  is  less  than 
fifteen  hundred,  and  that  these  are  chiefly  trappers,  missionaries, 
and  a  few  mechanics  and  agents  employed  by  the  government,  in 
•connection  with  the  administration  of  Indian  affairs,  and  other  per 
sons  temporarily  drawn  around  the  post  of  Fort  Leaven  worth.  It 


45-1  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

is  clear,  then,  that  this  abrogation  of  the  Missouri  compromise  is  not 
necessary  for  the  purpose  of  establishing  territorial  governments  in 
Nebraska,  but  that,  on  the  contrary,  these  bills,  establishing  such 
governments,  are  only  a  vehicle  for  carrying,  or  a  pretext  for  carry 
ing,  that  act  of  abrogation. 

It  is  alleged  that  the  non-slaveholding  states  have  forfeited  their 
rights  in  Nebraska,  under  the  Missouri  compromise,  by  first  break 
ing  that  compromise  themselves.  The  argument  is,  that  the  Mis 
souri  compromise  line  of  36°  30',  in  the  region  acquired  from 
France,  although  confined  to  that  region,  which  was  our  western 
most  possession,  was,  nevertheless,  understood  as  intended  to  be 
prospectively  applied  also  to  the  territory  reaching  thence  westward 
to  the  Pacific  ocean,  which  we  should  afterward  acquire  from  Mex 
ico;  and  that  when  afterward,  having  acquired  these  territories, 
including  California,  New  Mexico,  and  Utah,  we  were  engaged  in 
1848  in  extending  governments  over  them,  the  free  states  refused  to 
extend  that  line,  on  a  proposition  to  that  effect  made  by  the  honor 
able  senator  from  Illinois. 

It  need  only  be  stated,  in  refutation  of  this  argument,  that  the 
Missouri  compromise  law,  like  any  other  statute,  was  limited  by  the 
extent  of  the  subject  of  which  it  treated.  This  subject  was  the  ter 
ritory  of  Louisiana,  acquired  from  France,  whether  the  same  were 
more  or  less,  then  in  our  lawful  and  peaceful  possession.  The  length 
of  the  line  of  36°  30'  established  by  the  Missouri  compromise,  was 
the  distance  between  the  parallels  of  longitude  which  were  the 
borders  of  that  possession.  Young  America — I  mean  aggrandizing, 
conquering  America — had  not  yet  been  born ;  nor  was  the  states 
man  then  in  being  who  dreamed  that,  within  thirty  years  afterward, 
we  should  have  pushed  our  adventurous  way  not  only  across  the 
Kocky  mountains,  but  also  across  the  snowy  mountains.  Nor  did  any 
one  then  imagine,  that,  even  if  we  should  have  done  so  within  the 
period  I  have  named,  we  were  then  prospectively  carving  up  and 
dividing,  not  only  the  mountain  passes,  but  the  Mexican  empire  on 
the  Pacific  coast,  between  freedom  and  slavery.  If  such  a  proposition 
had  been  made  then,  and  persisted  in,  we  know  enough  of  the  temper 
of  1820  to  know  this,  viz. :  that  Missouri  and  Arkansas  would  have 
stood  outside  of  the  Union  until  even  this  portentous  day. 

The  time,  for  aught  I  know,  may  not  be  thirty  years  distant,  when 
the  convulsions  of  the  Celestial  empire  and  the  decline  of  British 


FREEDOM   AND   PUBLIC   FAITH.  455 

sway  in  India  will  have  opened  our  way  into  the  regions  beyond 
the  Pacific  ocean.  I  desire  to  know  now,  and  be  fully  certified,  of 
the  geographical  extent  of  the  laws  we  are  now  passing,  so  that 
there  may  be  no  such  mistake  hereafter  as  that  now  complained  of 
here.  We  are  now  confiding  to  territorial  legislatures  the  power  to 
legislate  on  slavery.  Are  the  territories  of  Nebraska  and  Kansas 
alone  within  the  purview  of  these  acts?  Or  do  they  reach  to  the 
Pacific  coast,  and  embrace  also  Oregon  and  Washington  ?  Do  they 
stop  there,  or  do  they  take  in  China,  and  India,  and  Afghanistan, 
even  to  the  gigantic  base  of  the  Himalaya  mountains?  Do  they 
stop  there,  or,  on  the  contrary,  do  they  encircle  the  earth,  and, 
meeting  us  again  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  embrace  the  islands  of  Ice 
land  and  Greenland,  and  exhaust  themselves  on  the  barren  coasts 
of  Greenland  and  Labrador? 

If  the  Missouri  compromise  neither  is  in  its  spirit  nor  by  its  letter 
extended  to  the  line  of  36°  30'  beyond  the  confines  of  Louisiana, 
or  beyond  the  then  confines  of  the  United  States — for  the  terms  are 
equivalent — then  it  was  no  violation  of  the  Missouri  compromise  in 
1848  to  refuse  to  extend  it  to  the  subsequently  acquired  possessions 
of  Texas,  New  Mexico,  and  California. 

But  suppose  we  did  refuse  to  extend  it;  how  did  that  refusal 
work  a  forfeiture  of  our  vested  rights  under  it  ?  I  desire  to  know 
that. 

Again :  If  this  forfeiture  of  Nebraska  occurred  in  1848,  as  the 
senator  charges,  how  does  it  happen  that  he  not  only-failed  in  1850, 
when  the  parties  were  in  court  here,  adjusting  their  mutual  claims, 
to  demand  judgment  against  the  free  states,  but,  on  the  contrary, 
even  urged  that  the  same  old  Missouri  compromise  line,  yet  held 
valid  and  sacred,  should  be  extended  through  to  the  Pacific  ocean  ? 

I.  come  now  to  the  chief  ground  of  the  defense  of  this  extraor 
dinary  measure,  which  is,  that  it  abolishes  a  geographical  line  of 
division  between  the  proper  fields  of  free  labor  and  slave  labor,  and 
refers  the  claim  between  them  to  the  people  of  the  territories.  Even 
if  this  great  change  of  policy  was  actually  wise  and  necessary,  I 
have  shown  that  it  is  not  necessary  to  make  it  now.  in  regard  to  the 
territory  of  Nebraska.  If  it  would  be  just  elsewhere,  it  would  be 
unjust  in  regard  to  Nebraska,  simply  because,  for  ample  and 
adequate  equivalents,  fully  received,  you  have  contracted  in  effect 
not  to  abolish  that  line  there. 


456  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

But  why  is  this  change  of  policy  wise  or  necessary?  It  must  be 
because  either  that  the  extension  of  slavery  is  no  evil,  or  that  you 
have  not  the  power  to  prevent  it  at  all,  or  because  the  maintenance 
of  a  geographical  line  is  no  longer  practicable. 

I  know  that  the  opinion  is  sometimes  advanced,  here  and  else- 
•where,  that  the  extension  of  slavery,  abstractly  considered,  is  not  an 
evil ;  but  our  laws  prohibiting  the  African  slave  trade  are  still  stand 
ing  on  the  statute  book,  and  express  the  contrary  judgment  of  the 
American  congress  and  of  the  American  people.  I  pass  on,  there 
fore,  from  that  point. 

I  do  not  like,  more  than  others,  a  geographical  line  between  free 
dom  and  slavery.  But  it  is  because  I  would  have,  if  it  were  possi 
ble,  all  our  territory  free.  Since  that  cannot  be,  a  line  of  division 
is  indispensable;  and  any  line  is  a  geographical  line. 

The  honorable  and  very  acute  senator  from  North  Carolina  (Mr. 
BADGER)  has  wooed  us  most  persuasively  to  waive  our  objection  to 
the  new  principle,  as  it  is  called,  of  non-intervention,  by  assuring  us 
that  the  slaveholder  can  only  use  slave  labor  where  the  soils  and 
climates  favor  the  culture  of  tobacco,  cotton,  rice  and  sugar.  To 
•which  I  reply  :  None  of  these  find  congenial  soils  and  climates  at 
the  sources  of  the  Mississippi,  or  in  the  valley  of  the  Rocky  moun 
tains.  Why,  then,  does  he  want  to  remove  the  inhibition  there  ? 

But  again  :  That  senator  reproduces  a  pleasing  fiction  of  the  cha 
racter  of  slavery  from  the  Jewish  history,  and  asks:  Why  not 
allow  the  modern  patriarchs  to  go  into  new  regions  with  their  slaves, 
as  their  ancient  prototypes  did,  to  make  them  more  comfortable  and 
happy  ?  And  he  tells  us,  at  the  same  time,  that  this  indulgence  will 
not  increase  the  number  of  slaves.  I  reply  by  asking  first,  Whether 
slavery  has  gained  or  lost  strength  by  the  diffusion  of  it  over  a 
larger  surface  than  it  formerly  covered  ?  Will  the  senator  answer 
that?  Secondly,  I  admire  the  simplicity  of  the  patriarchal  times. 
But  they,  nevertheless,  exhibited  some  peculiar  institutions  quite  in 
congruous  with  modern  republicanism,  not  to  say  Christianity, 
namely,  that  of  a  latitude  of  construction  of  the  marriage  contract, 
which  has  been  carried  by  one  class  of  so-called  patriarchs  into 
Utah.  Certainly,  no  one  would  desire  to  extend  that  peculiar  in 
stitution  into  Nebraska.  Thirdly,  slaveholders  have  also  a  pecu 
liar  institution,  which  makes  them  political  patriarchs.  They  reckon 
five  of  their  slaves  as  equal  to  three  freemen  in  forming  the  basis  of 


NEBRASKA  AND   KANSAS.  457 

federal  representation.  If  these  patriarchs  insist  upon  carrying  their 
institutions  into  new  regions,  north  of  36°  30',  I  respectfully  submit 
that  they  ought  to  resume  the  modesty  of  their  Jewish  predecessors, 
and  relinquish  this  political  feature  of  the  system  they  thus  seek  to 
extend.  Will  they  do  that  ? 

Some  senators  have  revived  the  argument  that  the  Missouri  com 
promise  was  unconstitutional.  But  it  is  one  of  the  peculiarities  of 
compromises,  that  constitutional  objections,  like  all  others,  are  buried 
under  them  by  those  who  make  and  ratify  them,  for  the  obvious  rea 
son  that  the  parties  at  once  waive  them,  and  receive  equivalents. 
Certainly,  the  slaveholding  states,  which  waived  their  constitutional 
objections  against  the  compromise  of  1820,  and  accepted  equivalents 
therefor,  cannot  be  allowed  to  revive  and  offer  them  now  as  a  rea 
son  for  refusing  to  the  non-slaveholding  states  their  rights  under  that 
compromise,  without  first  restoring  the  equivalents  which  they  re 
ceived  on  condition  of  surrendering  their  constitutional  objections. 

For  argument's  sake,  however,  let  this  reply  be  waived,  and  let 
us  look  at  this  constitutional  objection.  You  say  that  the  exclusion 
of  slavery  by  the  Missouri  compromise  reaches  through  and  beyond 
the  existence  of  the  region  organized  as  a  territory,  and  prohibits 
slavery  FOREVER  even  in  the  states  to  be  organized  out  of  such  ter 
ritory,  while,  on  the  contrary,  the  states,  when  admitted,  will  be 
sovereign,  and  must  have  exclusive  jurisdiction  over  slavery  for 
themselves.  Let  this,  too,  be  granted.  But  congress,  according  to 
the  constitution,  "may  admit  new  states."  If  congress  mav  admit, 
then  congress  may  also  refuse  to  admit — that  is  to  say,  may  reject 
new  states.  The  greater  includes  the  less ;  therefore,  congress  may 
admit,  on  condition  that  the  states  shall  exclude  slavery.  If  such  a 
condition  should  be  accepted,  would  it  not  be  binding? 

It  is  by  no  means  necessary,  on  this  occasion  to  follow  the  argu 
ment  further,  to  the  question,  whether  such  a  condition  is  in  conflict 
with  the  constitutional  provision,  that  the  new  states  received  shall 
be  admitted  on  an  equal  footing  with  the  original  states,  because,  in 
this  case,  and  at  present,  the  question  relates  not  to  the  admission  of 
a  state,,  but  to  the  organization  of  a  territory,  and  the  exclusion  of 
slavery  within  the  territory  while  its  status  as  a  territory  shall  con 
tinue,  and  no  further.  Congress  have  power  to  exclude  slavery  in 
territories,  if  they  have  any  power  to  create,  control  or  govern  ter 
ritories  at  all,  for  this  simple  reason:  that,  find  the  authority  of 

VOL.  IV.  58 


458  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

congress  over  the  territories  wherever  you  may,  there  you  find  no 
exception  from  that  general  authority  in  favor  of  slavery.  If  con 
gress  has  no  authority  over  slavery  in  the  territories,  it  has  none  in 
the  District  of  Columbia.  If,  then,  you  abolish  a  law  of  freedom  in 
Nebraska,  in  order  to  establish  a  new  policy  of  abnegation,  then  true 
consistency  requires  that  you  shall  also  abolish  the  slavery  laws  in 
the  District  of  Columbia,  and  submit  the  question  of  the  toleration 
of  slavery  within  the  district  to  its  inhabitants. 

If  you  reply,  that  the  District  of  Columbia  has  no  local  or  territo 
rial  legislature,  then  I  rejoin,  so  also  has  not  Nebraska,  and  so  also 
has  not  Kansas.  You  are  calling  a  territorial  legislature  into  exis 
tence  in  Nebraska,  and  another  in  Kansas,  to  assume  the  jurisdic 
tion  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  which  you  renounce.  Then  consis 
tency  demands  that  you  call  into  existence  a  territorial  legislature  in 
the  District  of  Columbia,  to  assume  the  jurisdiction  here,  which  you 
must  also  renounce.  Will  you  do  this  ?  We  shall  see. 

To  come  closer  to  the  question  :  What  is  this  principle  of  abne 
gating  national  authority,  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  in  favor  of  the 
people  ?  Do  you  abnegate  all  authority  whatever  in  the  territories  ? 
Not  at  all ;  you  abnegate  only  authority  over  slavery  there.  Do  you 
abnegate  even  that?  No;  you  do  not,  and  you  cannot.  In  the  very 
act  of  abnegating  you  legislate,  and  enact  that  the  states  to  be  here 
after  organized  shall  come  in,  whether  slave  or  free,  as  their  inhabi 
tants  shall  choose.  Is  not  this  legislating  not  only  on  the  subject  of 
slavery  in  the  territories,  but  on  the  subject  of  slavery  in  the  future 
states  ?  In  the  very  act  of.  abnegating,  you  call  into  being  a  legisla 
ture  which  shall  resume  the  authority  which  you  are  renouncing. 
You  not  only  exercise  authority  in  that  act,  but  you  exercise  autho 
rity  over  slavery  when  you  confer  on  the  territorial  legislature  the 
power  to  act  upon  that  subject.  More  than  this  :  In  the  very  act  of 
calling  that  territorial  legislature  into  existence,  you  exercise  autho 
rity  in  prescribing  who  may  elect  and  who  may  be  elected.  You  even 
reserve  to  yourselves  a  veto  upon  every  act  that  they  can  pass  as  a 
legislative  body,  not  only  on  all  other  subjects,  but  even  on  the  sub 
ject  of  slavery  itself.  Nor  can  you  relinquish  that  veto;  for  it  is 
absurd  to  say  that  you  can  create  an  agent,  and  depute  to  him  the 
legislative  authority  of  the  United  States,  which  agent  you  cannot 
at  your  own  pleasure  remove,  and  whose  acts  you  cannot  at  your 
own  pleasure  disavow  and  repudiate.  The  territorial  legislature  is 


FREEDOM   AND   PUBLIC  FAITH. 

your  agent.  Its  acts  are  your  own.  Such  is  the  principle  that  is  to 
supplant  the  ancient  policy — a  principle  full  of  absurdities  and  con 
tradictions. 

Again :  You  claim  that  this  policy  of  abnegation  is  based  upon  a 
democratic  principle.  A  democratic  principle  is  a  principle  opposed 
to  some  other  that  is  despotic  or  aristocratic.  You  claim  and  exer 
cise  the  power  to  institute  and  maintain  government  in  the  territo 
ries.  Is  this  comprehensive  power  aristocratic  or  despotic  ?  If  it 
be  not,  how  is  the  partial  power  aristocratic  or  despotic?  You 
retain  authority  to  appoint  governors,  without  whose  consent  no 
laws  can  be  made  on  any  subject,  and  judges,  without  whose  con 
sideration  no  laws  can  be  executed,  and  you  retain  the  power  to 
change  them  at  pleasure.  Are  these  powers,  also,  aristocratic  or 
despotic  ?  If  they  are  not,  then  the  exercise  of  legislative  power  by 
yourselves  is  not.  If  they  are,  then  why  not  renounce  them  also? 
No,  no.  This  is  a  far-fetched  excuse.  Democracy  is  a  simple,  uni 
form,  logical  system,  not  a  system  of  arbitrary,  contradictory,  and 
conflicting  principles ! 

But  you  must,  nevertheless,  renounce  national  authority  over 
slavery  in  the  territories,  while  you  retain  all  other  powers.  What 
is  this  but  a  mere  evasion  of  solemn  responsibilities?  The  general 
authority  of  congress  over  the  territories  is  one  wisely  confided  to 
the  national  legislature,  to  save  young  and  growing  communities 
from  the  dangers  which  beset  them  in  their  state  of  pupilage,  and  to 
prevent  them  from  adopting  any  policy  that  shall  be  at  war  with 
their  own  lasting  interests,  or  with  the  general  welfare  of  the  whole 
republic.  The  authority  over  the  subject  of  slavery  is  that  which 
ought  to  be  renounced  last  of  all,  in  favor  of  territorial  legislatures, 
because,  from  the  very  circumstances  of  the  territories,  those  legisla 
tures  are  likely  to  yield  too  readily  to  ephemeral  influences,  and 
interested  offers  of  favor  and  patronage.  They  see  neither  the  great 
future  of  the  territories,  nor  the  comprehensive  and  ultimate  inte 
rests  of  the  whole  republic,  as  clearly  as  you  see  them,  or  ought  to 
see  them. 

I  have  heard  sectional  excuses  given  for  supporting  this  measure. 
I  have  heard  senators  from  the  slaveholding  states  say  that  they 
ought  not  to  be  expected  to  stand  by  the  non-slaveholding  states, 
when  they  refuse  to  stand  by  themselves;  that  they  ought  not  to  be 
expected  to  refuse  the  boon  offered  to  the  slaveholding  states,  since 


460  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

it  is  offered  by  the  non-slavebolding  states  thcm'si  Ives.  I  not  only 
confess  the  plausibility  of  these  excuses,  but  I  feel  the  justice  of  the 
reproach  which  they  imply  against  the  non-slaveholding  states,  as 
far  as  the  assumption  is  true.  Nevertheless,  senators  from  the  slave- 
holding  states  must  consider  well  whether  that  assumption  is,  in  any 
considerable  degree,  founded  in  fact.  If  one  or  more  senators  from 
the  north  decline  to  stand  by  the  non-slaveholding  states,  or  offer  a 
boon  in  their  name,  others  from  that  region  do,  nevertheless,  stand 
firmly  on  their  rights,  and  protest  against  the  giving  or  the  accept 
ance  of  the  boon.  It  has  been  said  that  the  north  does  not  speak 
out,  so  as  to  enable  you  to  decide  between  the  conflicting  voices  of 
her  representatives.  Are  you  quite  sure  you  have  given  her  timely 
notice?  Have  you  not,  on  the  contrary,  hurried  this  measure  for 
ward,  to  anticipate  her  awaking  from  the  slumber  of  conscious 
security  into  which  she  has  been  lulled  by  your  last  compromise  I 
Have  you  not  heard  already  the  quick,  sharp  protest  of  the  legisla 
ture  of  the  smallest  of  the  'non-slaveholding  states,  Rhode  Island? 
Have  you  not  already  heard  the  deep-toned  and  earnest  protest  of 
the  greatest  of  those  states,  New  York?  Have  you  not  already 
heard  remonstrances  from  the  metropolis,  and  from  the  rural  dis 
tricts?  Do  you  doubt  that  this  is  only  the  rising  of  the  agitation 
that  you  profess  to  believe  is  at  rest  forever?  Do  you  forget  that, 
in  all  such  transactions  as  these,  the  people  have  a  reserved  right  to 
review  the  acts  of  their  representatives,  and  a  right  to  demand  a 
reconsideration  ;  that  there  is  in  our  legislative  practice  a  form  of 
RE-ENACTMENT,  as  well  as  an  act  of  repeal ;  and  that  there  is  in  our 
political  system  provision  not  only  for  abrogation,  but  for  RESTORA 
TION  also?  And  when  the  process  of  repeal  has  begun,  how  many 
and  what  laws  will  be  open  to  repeal,  equally  with  the  Missouri 
•compromise?  There  will  be  this  act,  the  fugitive  slave  laws,  the 
articles  of  Texas  annexation,  the  "territorial  laws  of  New  Mexico 
-and  Utah,  the  slavery  laws  in  the  District  of  Columbia. 

Senators  from  the  slaveholding  states,  you  are  politicians  as  well 
as  statesmen.  Let  me  remind  you,  therefore,  that  political  move 
ments  in  this  country,  as  in  all  others,  have  their  times  of  action 
and  reaction.  The  pendulum  moved  up  the  side  of  freedom  in 
1840,  and  swung  back  again  in  1844  on  the  side  of  slavery,  tra 
versed  the  dial  in  1848,  and  touched  even  the  mark  of  the  Wilmot 
proviso,  and  returned  again  in  1852,  reaching  even  the  height  of  the 


MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  461 

Baltimore  platform.  Judge  for  yourselves  whether  it  is  yet  aa.vnd- 
ing,  and  whether  it  will  attain  the  height  of  the  abrogation  of  the 
Missouri  compromise.  That  is  the  mark  you  are  fixing  for  it.  For 
myself,  I  may  claim  to  know  something  of  the  north.  I  see  in  the 
changes  of  the  times  only  the  vibrations  of  the  needle,  trembling 
on  its  pivot.  I  know  that  in  due  time  it  will  settle;  and  when 
it  shall  have  settled,  it  will  point,  as  it  must  point  forever,  to  the 
same  constant  polar  star,  that  sheds  down  influences  propitious 
to  freedom  as  broadly  as  it  pours  forth  its  mellow  but  invigorating 
light. 

I  have  nothing  to  do,  here  or  elsewhere,  with  personal  or  party 
motives.  But  I  come  to  consider  the  motive  which  is  publicly 
assigned  for  this  transaction.  It  is  a  desire  to  secure  permanent 
peace  and  harmony  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  by  removing  all  occa 
sion  for  its  future  agitation  in  the  federal  legislature.  Was  there 
not  peace  already  here?  Was  there  not  harmony  as  perfect  as  is 
ever  possible  in  the  country,  when  this  measure  was  moved  in  the 
senate  a  month  ago?  Were  we  not,  and  was  not  the  whole  nation, 
grappling  with  that  one  great,  common,  universal  interest,  the  open 
ing  of  a  communication  between  our  ocean  frontiers,  and  were  we 
not  already  reckoning  upon  the  quick  and  busy  subjugation  of 
nature  throughout  the  interior  of  the  continent  to  the  uses  of  man, 
and  dwelling  with  almost  rapturous  enthusiasm  on  the  prospective 
enlargement  of  our  commerce  in  the  east,  and  of  our  political  sway 
throughout  the  world  ?  And  what  have  we  now  here  but  the  obli 
vion  of  death,  covering  the  very  memory  of  those  great  enterprises, 
and  prospects,  and  hopes  ? 

Senators  from  the  non-slaveholding  states :  You  want  peace. 
Think  well,  I  beseech  you,  before  you  yield  the  price  now  demanded, 
even  for  peace  and  rest  from  slavery  agitation.  France  has  got 
peace  from  republican  agitation  by  a  similar  sacrifice.  So  has 
Poland;  so  has  Hungary;  and  so,  at  last,  has  Ireland.  Is  the 
peace  which  either  of  those  nations  enjoys  worth  the  price  it  cost? 
Is  peace,  obtained  at  such  cost,  ever  a  lasting  peace  ? 

Senators  from  the  slaveholding  states :  You,  too,  suppose  that  you 
are  securing  peace  as  well  as  victory  in  this  transaction.  I  tell  you 
now,  as  I  told  you  in  1850,  that  it  is  an  error,  an  unnecessary  error, 
to  suppose,  that  because  you  exclude  slavery  from  these  halls  to-day, 
that  it  will  not  revisit  them  to-rnorrow.  You  buried  the  Wilmot 


462  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

proviso  here  then,  and  celebrated  its  obsequies  with  pomp  and 
revelry.  And  here  it  is  again  to-day,  stalking  through  these  halls, 
•clad  in  complete  steel  as  before.  Even  if  those  whom  you  denounce 
as  factionists  in  the  north  would  let  it  rest,  you  yourselves  must 
-evoke  it  from  its  grave.  The  reason  is  obviobs.  Say  what  you 
will,  do  what  you  will,  here,  the  interests  of  the  non-slaveholding 
states  and  of  the  slaveholding  states  remain  just  the  same;  and 
they  will  rerhain  just  the  same,  until  you  shall  cease  to  cherish  and 
defend  slavery,  or  we  shall  cease  to  honor  and  love  freedom  1  You 
will  not  cease  to  cherish  slavery.  Do  you  see  any  signs  that  we  are 
becoming  indifferent  to  freedom  ?  On  the  contrary,  that  old,  tradi 
tional,  hereditary  sentiment  of  the  north  is  more  profound  and  more 
universal  now  than  it  ever  was  before.  The  slavery  agitation  you 
deprecate  so  much  is  an  eternal  struggle  between  conservatism  and 
progress,  between  truth  and  error,  between  right  and  wrong.  You 
may  sooner,  by  act  of  congress,  compel  the  sea  to  suppress  its  up- 
heavings,  and  the  round  earth  to  extinguish  its  internal  fires,  than 
oblige  the  human  mind  to  cease  its  inquirings,  and  the  human  heart 
to  desist  from  its  th robbings. 

Suppose  then,  for  a  moment,  that  this  agitation  must  go  on  here 
after  as  heretofore.  Then,  hereafter  as  heretofore,  there  will  be  need, 
on  both  sides,  of  moderation ;  and,  to  secure  moderation,  there  will 
be  need  of  mediation.  Hitherto  you  have  secured  moderation 
by  means  of  compromises,  by  tendering  which,  the  great  mediator, 
now  no  more,  divided  the  people  of  the  north.  But  then  those  in 
the  north  who  did  not  sympathize  with  you  in  your  complaints  of 
aggression  from  that  quarter,  as  well  as  those  who  did,  agreed  that 
if  compromises  should  be  effected,  they  would  be  chivalrously  kept 
on  your  part.  I  cheerfully  admit  that  they  have  been  so  kept  until 
now.  But  hereafter,  when  having  taken  advantage,  which  in  the 
north  will  be  called  fraudulent,  of  the  last  of  those  compromises,,  to 
become,  as  you  will  be  called,  the  aggressors,  by  breaking  the  other, 
as  will  be  alleged,  in  violation  of  plighted  faith  and  honor,  while 
the  slavery  agitation  is  rising  higher  than  ever  before,  and  while 
your  ancient  friends,  and  those  whom  you  persist  in  regarding  as 
your  enemies,  shall  have  been  driven  together  by  a  common  and 
universal  sense  of  your  injustice,  what  new  mode  of  restoring  peace 
and  harmony  will  you  then  propose  ?  What  statesman  will  there 
be  in  the  south,  then,  who  can  bear  the  flag  of  truce?  What  states- 


NEBRASKA    AXD     KANSAS.  463 

man  in  the  north  who  can  mediate  the  acceptance  of  your  new  pro 
posals?  I  think  it  will  not  be  the  senator  from  Illinois. 

If,  however,  I  err  in  all  this,  let  us  suppose  that  you  succeed  in 
suppressing  political  agitation  of  slavery  in  national  affairs.  Never 
theless,  agitation  of  slavery  must  go  on  in  some  form;  for  all  the 
world  around  you  is  engaged  in  it.  It  is,  then,  high  time  for  you 
to  consider  where  you  may  expect  to  meet  it  next.  I  much  mistake 
i^  in  that  case,  you  do  not  meet  it  there  where  we,  who  once  were 
slaveholding  states,  as  you  now  are,  have  met,  and,  happily  for  us, 
succumbed  before  it — namely,  in  the  legislative  halls,  in  the  churches 
and  schools,  and  at  the  fireside,  within  the  states  themselves.  It  is 
an  angel  of  mercy  with  which,  sooner  or  later,  every  slaveholding 
state  must  wrestle,  and  by  which  it  must  be  overcome.  Even  if,  by 
reason  of  this  measure,  it  should  the  sooner  come  to  that  point,  and 
although  I  am  sure  that  you  will  not  overcome  freedom,  but  that 
freedom  will  overcome  you,  yet  I  do  not  look  even  then  for  disas 
trous  or  unhappy  results.  The  institutions  of  our  country  are  so 
framed,  that  the  inevitable  conflict  of  opinion  on  slavery,  as  on 
every  other  subject,  cannot  be  otherwise  than  peaceful  in  its  course 
and  beneficent  in  its  termination. 

Nor  shall  I  "bate  one  jot  of  heart  or  hope"  in  maintaining  a  just 
equilibrium  of  the  non-shiveholding  states,  even  if  this  ill-starred 
measure  shall  be  adopted.  The  non-slaveholding  states  are  teeming 
with  an  increase  of  freemen — educated,  vigorous,  enlightened,  enter 
prising  freemen — such  freemen  as  neither  England,  nor  Eome,  nor 
even  Athens,  ever  reared.  Half  a  million  of  freemen  from  Europe 
annually  augment  that  increase ;  and  ten  years  hence  half  a  million, 
twenty  years  hence  a  million  of  freemen  from  Asia  will  augment  it 
still  more.  You  may  obstruct  and  so  turn  the  direction  of  those 
peaceful  armies  away  from  Nebraska.  So  long  as  you  shall  leave 
them  room  on  hill  or  prairie,  by  river  side  or  in  the  mountain  fast 
nesses,  they  will  dispose  of  themselves  peacefully  and  lawfully  in  the 
places  you  shall  have  left  open  to  them ;  and  there  they  will  erect 
new  states  upon  free  soil,  to  be  forever  maintained  and  defended  by 
free  arms  and  aggrandized  by  free  labor.  American  slavery,  I  know, 
has  a  large  and  ever-flowing  spring,  but  it  cannot  pour  forth  its 
blackened  tide  in  volumes  like  that  I  have  described.  If  you  are 
wise,  these  tides  of  freemen  and  of  slaves  will  never  meet,  for  they 
will  not  voluntarily  commingle ;  but  if,  nevertheless,  through  your 


464  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

own  erroneous  policy,  their  repulsive  currents  must  be  directed 
against  each  other,  so  that  they  needs  must  meet,  then  it  is  easy  tx> 
see  in  that  case  which  of  them  will  overcome  the  resistance  of  the 
other,  and  which  of  them,  thus  overpowered,  will  roll  back  to  drown 
the  source  which  sent  it  forth. 

"  Man  proposes,  and  God  disposes."  You  may  legislate,  and  abro 
gate,  and  abnegate, 'as  you  will,  but  there  is  a  Superior  Power  that 
overrules  all  your  actions  and  all  your  refusals  to  act,  and,  I  fondly 
hope  and  trust,  overrules  them  to  the  advancement  of  the  happiness, 
greatness  and  glory  of  our  country — that  overrules,  I  know,  not 
only  all  your  actions  and  all  your  refusals  to  act,  but  all  human 
events,  to  the  distant  but  inevitable  result  of  the  equal  and  universal 
liberty  of  all  men. 


NEBKASKA  AND  KANSAS. 

SECOND  SPEECH,1 

I  RISE  with  no  purpose  of  further  resisting  or  even  delaying  the 
passage  of  this  bill.  Let  its  advocates  have  only  a  little  patience, 
and  they  will  soon  reach  the  object  for  which  they  have  struggled  so 
earnestly  and  so  long.  The  sun  has  set  for  the  last  time  upon  the 
guarantied  and  certain  liberties  of  all  the  unsettled  and  unorganized 
portions  .of  the  American  continent  that  lie  within  the  jurisdiction 
of  the  United  States.  To-morrow's  sun  will  rise  in  dim  eclipse  over 
them.8  How  long  that  obstruction  shall  last,  is  known  only  to  the 
Power  that  directs  and  controls  all  human  events.  For  myself,  I 
know  only  this — that  now  no  human  power  will  prevent  its  coming 
on,  and  that  its  passing  off  will  be  hastened  and  secured  by  others 
than  those  now  here,  and  perhaps  by  only  those  belonging  to  future 
generations. 

It  would  be  almost  factious  to  offer  further  resistance  to  this  mea 
sure  here.  Indeed,  successful  resistance  was  never  expected  to  be 
made  in  this  hall.  The  senate  floor  is  an  old  battle-ground,  on  which 

1  On  the  return  of  the  bill  from  the  house  of  representatives  with  amendments,  May  25,  1854. 
See  memoir,  page  26,  prese-nt  volume. 
3  An  almost  total  eclipse  of  the  sun  actually  occurred  on  that  day— the  26th  of  May,  1854.— ED. 


FREEDOM   AND   PUBLIC   FAITH.  465 

have  been  fought  many  contests,  and  always,  at  least  since  1820, 
with  fortune  adverse  to  the  cause  of  equal  and  universal  freedom. 
We  were  only  a  few  here  who  engaged  in  that  cause  in  the  begin 
ning  of  this  contest.  All  that  we  could  hope  to  do — all  that  we  did 
hope  to  do — was  to  organize  and  to  prepare  the  issue  for  the  house 
of  representatives,  to  which  the  country  would  look  for  its  decision 
as  authoritative,  and  to  awaken  the  country,  that  it  might  be  ready 
for  the  appeal  which  would  be  made,  whatever  the  decision  of  con 
gress  might  be.  We  are  no  stronger  now.  Only  fourteen  at  the 
first,  it  will  be  fortunate  if,  among  the  ills  and  accidents  which  sur 
round  us,  we  shall  maintain  that  number  to  the  end. 

We  are  on  the  eve  of  the  consummation  of  a  great  national  trans 
action — a  transaction  which  will  close  a  cycle  in  the  history  of  our 
country — and  it  is  impossible  not  to  desire  to  pause  a  moment  and 
survey  the  scene  around  us  and  the  prospect  before  us.  However 
obscure  we  may  individually  be,  our  connection  with  this  great 
transaction  will  perpetuate  our  names  for  the  praise  or  for  the  cen 
sure  of  future  ages,  and  perhaps  in  regions  far  remote.  If,  then,  we 
had  no  other  motive  for  our  actions  but  that  of  an  honest  desire  for 
a  just  fame,  we  could  not  be  indifferent  to  that  scene  and  that  pros 
pect.  But  individual  interests  and  ambition  sink  into  insignificance 
in  view  of  the  interests  of  our  country  and  of  mankind.  These 
interests  awaken,  at  least  in  me,  an  intense  solicitude. 

It  was  said  by  some  in  the  beginning,  and  it  has  been  said  by 
others  later  in  this  debate,  that  it  was  doubtful  whether  it  would  be 
the  cause  of  slavery  or  the  cause  of  freedom  that  would  gain  advan 
tages  from  the  passage  of  this  bill.  I  do  not  find  it  necessary  to  be 
censorious,  nor  even  unjust  to  others,  in  order  that  my  own  course- 
may  be  approved.  I  am  sure  that  the  honorable  senator  from  Illi 
nois  [Mr.  DOUGLAS]  did  not  mean  that  the  slave  states  should  gain 
an  advantage  over  the  free  states,  for  he  disclaimed  it  when  he  intro 
duced  the  bill.  I  believe  in  all  candor  that  the  honorable  senator 
from  Georgia  [Mr.  TOOMBS],  who  comes  out  at  the  close  of  the  battle 
as  one  of  the  chiefest  leaders  of  the  victorious  party,  is  sincere  in 
declaring  his  own  opinion  that  the  slave  states  will  gain  no  unjust 
advantage  over  the  free  states,  because  he  disclaims  it  as  a  triumph 
in  their  behalf.  Notwithstanding  all  this,  however,  what  has  occurred 
here  and  in  the  country,  during  this  contest,  has  compelled  a  convic 
tion  that  slavery  will  gain  something,  and  freedom  will  endure  rj 
VOL.  IV.  59 


466  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

severe,  though  I  hope  not  an  irretrievable  loss.  The  slaveholding 
states  are  passive,  quiet,  content  and  satisfied  with  the  prospective 
boon,  and  the  free  states  are  excited  and  alarmed  with  fearful  fore 
bodings  and  apprehensions.  The  impatience  for  the  speedy  passage 
of  the  bill  manifested  by  its  friends,  betrays  a  knowledge  that  this  is 
the  condition  of  public  sentiment  in  the  free  states.  They  thought 
in  the  beginning  that  it  was  necessary  to  guard  the  measure  by 
inserting  the  Clayton  amendment,  which  would  exclude  unnatural- 
ized  foreign  inhabitants  of  the  territories  from  the  right  of  suffrage. 
And  now  they  seem  willing,  with  almost  perfect  unanimity,  to  relin 
quish  that  safeguard,  rather  than  to  delay  the  adoption  of  the  principal 
measure  for  at  most  a  year,  perhaps  for  only  a  week  or  a  day.  Suppose 
that  the  senate  should  adhere  to  that  condition,  which  so  lately  was 
thought  so  wise  and  so  important — what  then?  The  bill  could  only 
go  back  to  the  house  of  representatives,  which  must  either  yield  or 
insist!  In  the  one  case  or  in  the  other,  a  decision  in  favor  of  the 
toll  would  be  secured,  for  even  if  the  house  should  disagree,  the 
senate  would  have  time  to  recede.  But  the  majority  will  hazard 
nothing,  even  on  a  prospect  so  certain  as  this.  They  will  recede  at 
once,  without  a  moment's  further  struggle,  from  the  condition,  and 
thus  secure  the  passage  of  this  bill,  now  to-night.  Why  such  haste? 
Even  if  the  question  were  to  go  to  the  country  before  a  final  decision 
here,  what  would  there  be  wrong  in  that  ?  There  is  no  man  living 
who  will  say  that  the  country  anticipated,  or  that  he  anticipated  agi 
tation  of  this  measure  in  congress,  when  this  congress  was  elected, 
or  even  when  it  assembled  in  December  last. 

Under  such  circumstances,  and  in  the  midst  of  agitation  and  excite 
ment  and  debates,  it  is  only  fair  to  say  that  certainly  the  country  has 
not  decided  in  favor  of  the  bill.  The  refusal,  then,  to  let  the  ques 
tion  go  to  the  country,  is  a  conclusive  proof  that  the  slave  states,  as 
represented  here,  expect  from  the  passage  of  this  bill  what  the  free 
states  insist  that  they  will  lose  by  it,  an  advantage,  a  material  advan 
tage,  and  not  a  mere  abstraction.  There  are  men  in  the  slave  states, 
as  in  the  free  states,  who  insist  always  too  pertinaciously  upon  mere 
abstractions.  But  that  is  not  the  policy  of  the  slave  states  to-day. 
They  are  in  earnest  in  seeking  for  and  securing  an  object,  and  an 
important  one.  I  believe  they  are  going  to  have  it.  I  do  not  know 
how  long  the  advantage  gained  will  last,  nor  how  great  or  comprehen 
sive  it  will  be.  Every  senator  who  agrees  with  me  in  opinion  must  feel 


THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  467 

as  I  do — that  under  such  circumstances  he  can  forego  nothing  that  can 
be  done  decently,  with  due  respect  to  difference  of  opinion,  and  con 
sistently  with  the  constitutional  and  settled  rules  of  legislation,  to 
place  the  true  merits  of  the  question  before  the  country.  Questions 
sometimes  occur,  which  seem  to  have  two  right  sides.  Such  were 
the  questions  that  divided  the  English  nation  between  Pitt  and  Fox — 
such  the  contest  between  the  assailant  and  the  defender  of  Quebec. 
The  judgment  of  the  world  was  suspended  by  its  sympathies,  and 
seemed  ready  to  descend  in  favor  of  him  who  should  be  most  gallant 
in  conduct.  And  so,  when  both  fell  with  equal  chivalry  on  the  same 
field,  the  survivors  united  in  raising  a  common  monument  to  the 
glorious  but  rival  memories  of  Wolfe  and  Montcalm.  But  this  con 
test  involves  a  moral  question.  The  slave  states  so  present  it.  They 
maintain  that  African  slavery  is  not  erroneous,  not  unjust,  not  incon 
sistent  with  the  advancing  cause  of  human  nature.  Since  they  so 
regard  it,  I  do  not  expect  to  see  statesmen  representing  those  states 
indifferent  about  a  vindication  of  this  system  by  the  congress  of  the 
United  States.  On  the  other  hand,  we  of  the  free  states  regard 
slavery  as  erroneous,  unjust,  oppressive,  and  therefore  absolutely 
inconsistent  with  the  principles  of  the  American  constitution  and 
government.  Who  will  expect  us  to  be  indifferent  to  the  decisions 
of  the  American  people  and  of  mankind  on  such  an  issue? 

Again  :  there  is  suspended  on  the  issue  of  this  contest  the  politi 
cal  equilibrium  between  the  free  and  the  slave  states.  It  is  no 
ephemeral  question,  no  idle  question,  whether  slavery  shall  go  on 
increasing  its  influence  over  the  central  power  here,  or  whether  free 
dom  shall  gain  the  ascendency.  I  do  not  expect  to  see  statesmen 
of  the  slave  states  indifferent  on  so  momentous  a  question,  and  as 
little  can  it  be  expected  that  those  of  the  free  states  will  betray  their 
own  great  cause.  And  now  it  remains  for  me  to  declare,  in  view 
of  the  decision  of  this  controversy  so  near  at  hand,  that  I  have  seen 
nothing  and  heard  nothing  during  its  progress  to  change  the  opinions 
which  at  the  earliest  proper  period  I  deliberately  expressed.  Cer 
tainly,  I  have  not  seen  the  evidence  then  promised,  that  the  free 
states  would  acquiesce  in  the  measure.  As  certainly,  too,  I  may  say 
that  I  have  not  seen  the  fulfillment  of  the  promise  that  the  history 
of  the  last  thirty  years  would  be  revised,  corrected,  and  amended, 
and  that  it  would  then  appear  that  the  country,  during  all  that 
period,  had  been  resting  in  prosperity  and  contentment  and  peace, 


468  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

not  upon  a  valid,  constitutional,  and  irrevocable  compromise  be 
tween  the  slave  states  and  the  free  states,  but  upon  an  unconstitu 
tional  and  false,  and  even  infamous,  act  of  congressional  usurpation. 

On  the  contrary,  I  am  now,  if  possible,  more  than  ever  satisfied 
that,  after  all  this  debate,  the  history  of  the  country  will  go  down 
to  posterity  just  as  it  stood  before,  carrying  to  them  the  everlasting 
facts  that  until  1820  the  congress  of  the  United  States  legislated  to 
prevent  the  introduction  of  slavery  into  new  territories  whenever 
that  object  was  practicable ;  and  that  in  that  year  they  so  far  modi 
fied  that  policy,  under  alarming  apprehensions  of  civil  convulsion, 
by  a  constitutional  enactment  in  the  character  of  a  compact,  as  to 
admit  Missouri  a  new  slave  state ;  but  upon  the  express  condition, 
stipulated  in  favor  of  the  free  states,  that  slavery  should  be  forever 
prohibited  in  all  the  residue  of  the  existing  and  unorganized  terri 
tory  of  the  United  States  lying  north  of  the  parallel  of  36°  30' 
north  latitude.  Certainly,  I  find  nothing  to  win  my  favor  toward 
the  bill  in  the  proposition  of  the  senator  from  Maryland  [Mr. 
PEAECE],  to  restore  the  Clayton  amendment,  which  was  struck  out 
in  the  house  of  representatives.  So  far  from  voting  for  that  proposi 
tion,  I  shall  vote  against  it  now,  as  I  did  when  it  was  under  consid 
eration  here  before,  in  accordance  with  the  opinion  adopted  as  early 
as  any  political  opinions  I  ever  had,  and  cherished  as  long,  that  the 
right  of  suffrage  is  not  a  mere  conventional  right,  but  an  inherent 
natural  right,  of  which  no  government  can  rightly  deprive  any  adult 
man  who  is  subject  to  its  authority,  and  obligated  to  its  support. 

I  hold,  moreover,  that  inasmuch  as  every  man  is,  by  force  of  cir 
cumstances  beyond  his  own  control,  a  subject  of  government  some 
where,  he  is,  by  the  very  constitution  of  human  society,  entitled  to 
share  equally  in  the  conferring  of  political  power  on  those  who 
wield  it,  if  he  is  not  disqualified  by  crime ;  that  in  a  despotic  gov 
ernment  he  ought  to  be  allowed  arms,  in  a  free  government  the 
ballot  or  the  open  vote,  as  a  means  of  self- protection  against  un 
endurable  oppression.  I  am  not  likely,  therefore,  to  restore  to  this 
bill  an,  amendment  which  would  deprive  it  of  an  important  feature 
imposed  upon  it  by  the  house  of  representatives,  and  that  one,  per 
haps,  the  only  feature  that  harmonizes  with  my  own  convictions  of 
justice.  It  is  true  that  the  house  of  representatives  stipulate  such 
suffrages  for  white  men  as  a  condition  for  opening  it  to  the  possible 
proscription  and  slavery  of  the  African.  I  shall  separate  them.  I 


FREEDOM   AND   PUBLIC    FAITH.  469 

shall  vote  for  the  former,  and  against  the  latter,  glad  to  gee  universal 
suffrage  of  white  men,  if  only  that  can  be  gained  now,  and  working 
right  on,  full  of  hope  and  confidence,  for  the  prevention  or  the 
abrogation  of  slavery  in  the  territories  hereafter. 

I  am  surprised  at  the  pertinacity  with  which  the  honorable  senator 
from  Delaware,  mine  ancient  and  honorable  friend  [Mr.  CLAYTON], 
perseveres  in  opposing  the  granting  of  the  right  of  suffrage  to  the 
unnaturalized  foreigner  in  the  territories.  Congress  cannot  deny 
him  that  right.  Here  is  the  third  article  of  that  convention  by 
which  Louisiana,  including  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  was  ceded  to  the 
United  States: 

"The  inhabitants  of  the  ceded  territory  shall  bo  incorporated  in  the  Union  of 
the  United  States,  and  admitted  as  soon  as  possible,  according  to  the  principles 
of  the  federal  constitution,  to  the  enjoyment  of  the  rights,  privileges,  and  immu 
nities,  of  citizens  of  the  United  States;  and  in  the  meantime  they  shall  be  main 
tained  and  protected  in  the  free  enjoyment  of  their  liberty,  property,  and  the 
religion  they  profess." 

The  inhabitants  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska  are  citizens  already,  and 
bjr  force  of  this  treaty  must  continue  to  be,  and  as  such  to  enjoy  the 
right  of  suffrage,  whatever  laws  you  may  make  to  the  contrary. 
My  opinions  are  well  known,  to  wit:/That  slavery  is  not  only  an 
evil,  but  a  local  one,  injurious  and  ultimately  pernicious  to  society, 
wherever  it  exists,  and  in  conflict  with  the  constitutional  principles 
of  society  in  this  country.  I  am  not  willing  to  extend  nor  to  per 
mit  the  extension  of  that  local  evil  into  regions  now  free  within  our 
empire./*  I  know  that  there  are  some  who  differ  from  me,  and  who 
regard  the  constitution  of  the  United  States  as  an  instrument  which 
sanctions  slavery  as  well  as  freedom.  But  if  I  could  admit  a  propo 
sition  so  incongruous  with  the  letter  and  spirit  of  the  federal  con 
stitution,  and  the  known  sentiments  of  its  illustrious  founders,  and 
so  should  conclude  that  slavery  was  national,  I  must  still  cherish 
the  opinion  that  it  is  an  evil;  and  because  it  is  a  national  one,  I  am 
the  more  firmly  held  and  bound  to  prevent  an  increase  of  it,  tend 
ing,  as  I  think  it  manifestly  does,  to  the  weakening  and  ultimate 
overthrow  of  the  constitution  itself,  and  therefore  to  the  injury  of 
all  mankind.  I  know  there  have  been  states  which  have  endured 
long,  and  achieved  much,  which  tolerated  slavery ;  but  that  was  not 
the  slavery  of  caste,  like  African  slavery.  Such  slavery  tends  to 
demoralize  equally  the  subjected  race  and  the  superior  one.  It  has 


470  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

been  the  absence  of  such  slavery  from  Europe  that  has  given  her 
nations  their  superiority  over  other  countries  in  that  hemisphere. 
Slavery,  wherever  it  exists,  begets  fear,  and  fear  is  the  parent  of 
weakness.  What  is  the  secret  of  that  eternal,  sleepless  anxiety  in 
the  legislative  halls,  and  even  at  the  firesides,  of  the  slave  states, 
always  asking  new  stipulations,  new  compromises  and  abrogations 
of  compromises,  new  assumptions  of  power  and  abnegations  of 
power,  but  fear?  It  is  the  apprehension  that,  even  if  safe  now, 
they  will  not  always  or  long  be  secure  against  some  invasion  or 
some  aggression  from  the  free  states.  What  is  the  secret  of  the 
humiliating  part  which  proud  old  Spain  is  acting  at  this  day,  trem 
bling  between  alarms  of  American  intrusion  into  Cuba  on  one  side, 
and  British  dictation  on  the  other,  but  the  fact  that  she  has  cherished 
slavery  so  long,  and  still  cherishes  it,  in  the  last  of  her  American 
colonial  possessions  ?  Thus  far,  Kansas  and  Nebraska  are  safe, 
under  the  laws  of  1820,  against  the  introduction  of  this  element  of 
national  debility  and  decline.  The  bill  before  us,  as  we  are  assured, 
contains  a  great  principle,  a  glorious  principle;  and  yet  that  prin 
ciple,  when  fully  ascertained,  proves  to  be  nothing  less  than  the 
subversion  of  that  security,  not  only  within  the  territories  of  Kansas- 
and  Nebraska,  but  within  all  the  other  present  and  future  new  terri 
tories  of  the  United  States.  Thus  it  is  quite  clear  that  it  is  not  a 
principle  that  is  involved,  but  that  those  who  crowd  this  measure 
with  so  much  zeal  and  earnestness,  must  expect  that  either  freedom 
or  slavery  shall  gain  something  by  it  in  those  regions.  The  case, 
then,  stands  thus  in  Kansas  and  Nebraska :  Freedom  may  lose,  but 
certainly  can  gain  nothing;  while  slavery  may  gain,  but  as  certainly 
can  lose  nothing. 

So  far  as  I  am  concerned,  the  time  for  looking  on  the  dark  side 
has  passed.  I  feel  quite  sure  that  slavery  at  most  can  get  nothing 
more  than  Kansas ;  while  Nebraska,  the  wider  northern  region,  will, 
under  existing  circumstances,  escape,  for  the  reason  that  its  soil  and 
climate  are  uncongenial  with  the  staples  of  slave  culture — rice, 
sugar,  cotton,  and  tobacco.  Moreover,  since  the  public  attention  has 
been  so  well  and  so  effectually  directed  toward  the  subject,  I  cherish 
a  hope  that  slavery  may  be  prevented  even  from  gaining  a  foothold 
in  Kansas.  Congress  only  gives  consent,  but  it  does  not  and  cannot 
introduce  slavery  there.  Slavery  will  be  embarrassed  by  its  own 
over-grasping  spirit.  No  one,  I  am  sure,  anticipates  the  possible 


THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  4-71 

reestablish  men  t  of  the  African  slave  trade.  The  tide  of  emigration 
to  Kansas  is  therefore  to  be  supplied  there  solely  by  the  domestic 
fountain  of  slave  production.  But  slavery  has  also  other  regions 
besides  Kansas  to  be  filled  from  that  fountain.  There  are  all  of  New 
Mexico  and  all  of  Utah  already  within  the  United  States ;  and  then 
there  is  Cuba,  that  consumes  slave  labor  and  life  as  fast  as  any  one 
of  the  slaveholding  states  can  supply  it ;  and  besides  these  regions, 
there  remains  all  of  Mexico  down  to  the  isthmus.  The  stream  of 
slave  labor  flowing  from  so  small  a  fountain,  and  broken  into  several 
divergent  channels,  will  not  cover  so  great  a  field  ;  and  it  is  reason 
ably  to  be  hoped  that  the  part  of  it  nearest  to  the  north  pole  will 
be  the  last  to  be  inundated. 

But  African  slave  emigration  is  to  compete  with  free  emigration 
of  white  men,  and  the  source  of  this  latter  tide  is  as  ample  as  the 
civilization  of  the  two  entire  continents.  The  honorable  senator 
from  Delaware  mentioned,  as  if  it  were  a  startling  fact,  that  twenty 
thousand  European  immigrants  arrived  in  New  York  in  one  month.. 
He  has  stated  the  fact  with  too  much  moderation.  On  my  return 
to  the  capital,  a  day  or  two  ago,  I  met  twelve  thousand  of  these 
immigrants  who  had  arrived  in  New  York  on  one  morning,  and 
who  had  thronged  the  churches  on  the  following  sabbath,  to  return 
thanks  for  deliverance  from  the  perils  of  the  sea,  and  for  their 
arrival  in  the  land,  not  of  slavery,  but  of  liberty.  I  also  thank  God 
for  their  escape,  and  for  their  coming.  They  are  now  on  their  way 
westward,  and  the  news  of  the  passage  of  this  bill,  preceding  them, 
will  speed  many  of  them  toward  Kansas  and  Nebraska.  Such 
arrivals  are  not  extraordinary — they  occur  almost  every  week;  and 
the  immigration  from  Germany,  from  Great  Britain,  and  from  Nor 
way,  and  from  Sweden,  during  the  European  war,  will  rise  to  six 
or  seven  hundred  thousand  souls  in  a  year.  And  with  this  tide  is 
to  be  mingled  one  rapidly  swelling  from  Asia  and  from  the  islands 
of  the  South  seas.  All  the  immigrants,  under  this  bill  as  the  house 
of  representatives  overruling  you  have  ordered,  will  be  good,  loyal, 
liberty -loving,  slavery-fearing  citizens.  Come  on,  then,  gentlemen 
of  the  slave  states.  Since  there  is  no  escaping  your  challenge,  I 
accept  it  in  behalf  of  the  cause  of  freedom.  We  will  engage  in 
competition  for  the  virgin  soil  of  Kansas,  and  God  give  the  victory 
to  the  side  which  is  stronger  in  numbers  as  it  is  in  right. 


472  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

There  are,  however,  earnest  advocates  of  this  bill,  who  do  not 
expect,  and  who,  I  suppose,  do  not  desire,  that  slavery  shall  gain 
possession  of  Nebraska.  What  do  they  expect  to  gain  ?  The  hon 
orable  senator  from  Indiana  says  that  by  thus  obliterating  the  Mis 
souri  compromise  restriction,  they  will  gain  a  tabula  rasa,  on  which 
the  inhabitants  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska  may  write  whatever  they 
will.  This  is  the  great  principle  of  the  bill,  as  he  understands  it. 
Well,  what  gain  is  there  in  that?  You  obliterate  a  constitution  of 
freedom.  If  they  write  a  new  constitution  of  freedom,  can  the  new 
be  better  than  the  old?  If  they  write  a  constitution  of  slavery, 
will  it  not  be  a  worse  one?  I  ask  the  honorable  senator  that!  But 
the  honorable  senator  says  that  the  people  of  Nebraska  will  have 
the  privilege  of  establishing  institutions  for  themselves.  They  have 
now  the  privilege  of  establishing  free  institutions.  Is  it  a  privilege, 
then,  to  establish  slavery  ?  If  so,  what  a  mockery  are  all  our  con 
stitutions,  which  prevent  the  inhabitants  from  capriciously  subvert 
ing  free  institutions  and  establishing  institutions  of  slavery?  It  is 
a  sophism,  a  subtlety,  to  talk  of  conferring  upon  a  country,  already 
secure  in  the  blessings  of  freedom,  the  power  of  self-destruction. 

What  mankind  everywhere  want,  is  not  the  removal  of  the  con 
stitutions  of  freedom  which  they  have,  that  they  may  make  at  their 
pleasure  constitutions  of  slavery  or  of  freedom,  but  the  privilege  of 
retaining  constitutions  of  freedom  when  they  already  have  them, 
and  the  removal  of  constitutions  of  slavery  when  they  have  them, 
that  they  may  establish  constitutions  of  freedom  in  their  place. 
We  hold  on  tenaciously  to  all  existing  constitutions  of  freedom. 
Who  denounces  any  man  for  diligently  adhering  to  such  constitu 
tions?  Who  would  dare  to  denounce  any  one  for  disloyalty  to  our 
existing  constitutions,  if  they  were  constitutions  of  despotism  and 
slavery  ?  But  it  is  supposed  by  some  that  this  principle  is  less  im 
portant  in  regard  to  Kansas  and  Nebraska  than  as  a  general  one — a 
general  principle  applicable  to  all  other  present  and  future  territories 
of  the  United  States.  Do  honorable  senators  then  indeed  suppose 
they  are  establishing  a  principle  at  all?  If  so,  I  think  they  egre- 
giously  err,  whether  the  principle  is  either  good  or  bad,  right  or 
wrong.  They  are  not  establishing  it,  and  cannot  establish  it  in  this 
way.  You  subvert  one  law  capriciously,  by  making  another  law  in 
its  place.  That  is  all.  Will  your  law  have  any  more  weight, 
authority,  solemnity,  or  binding  force  on  future  congresses  than  the 


NEBRASKA  AND  KANSAS.  473 

first  had?  You  abrogate  the  law  of  jour  predecessors — others  will 
have  equal  power  and  equal  liberty  to  abrogate  yours.  You  allow 
no  barriers  around  the  old  law,  to  protect  it  from  abrogation.  You 
erect  none  around  your  new' law,  to  stay  the  hand  of  future  inno 
vators. 

On  what  ground  do  you  expect  the  new  law  to  stand  ?  If  you 
are  candid,  you  will  confess  that  you  rest  your  assumption  on  the 
ground  that  the  free  states  will  never  agitate  repeal,  but  always 
acquiesce.  It  may  be  that  you  are  right.  I  am  not  going  to  predict 
the  course  of  the  free  states.  I  claim  no  authority  to  speak  for 
them,  and  still  less  to  say  what  they  will  do.  But  I  may  venture  to 
say,  that  if  they  shall  not  repeal  this  law,  it  will  not  be  because  they 
are  not  strong  enough  to  do  it.  They  have  power  in  the  house  of 
representatives  greater  than  that  of  the  slave  states,  and,  when  they 
choose  to  exercise  it,  a  power  greater  even  here  in  the  senate.  The 
free  states  are  not  dull  scholars,  even  in  practical  political  strategy. 
When  you  shall  have  taught  them  that  a  compromise  law  establish 
ing  freedom  can  be  abrogated,  and  the  Union  nevertheless  stand, 
you  will  have  let  them  into  another  secret,  namely:  that  a  law  per 
mitting  or  establishing  slaverv  can  be  repealed,  and  the  Union 
nevertheless  remain  firm.  If  you  inquire  why  they  do  not  stand 
by  their  rights  and  their  interests  more  firmly,  I  will  tell  you  to  the 
best  of  my  ability.  It  is  because  they  are  conscious  of  their  strength, 
.and  therefore  unsuspecting,  and  slow  to  apprehend  danger.  The 
reason  why  you  prevail  in  so  many  contests,  is  because  you  are  in 
perpetual  fear. 

There  cannot  be  a  convocation  of  abolitionists,  however  imprac 
ticable,  in  Faneuil  hall  or  the  Tabernacle,  though  it  consists  of  men 
and  women  who  have  separated  themselves  from  all  effective  politi 
cal  parties,  and  who  have  renounced  all  political  agencies,  even 
though  they  resolve  that  they  will  vote  for  nobody,  not  even  for 
themselves,  to  carry  out  their  purposes,  and  though  they  practise  on 
that  resolution,  but  you  take  alarm,  and  your  agitation  renders 
necessary  such  compromises  as  those  of  1820  and  1850.  We  are 
young  in  the  arts  of  politics ;  you  are  old.  We  are  strong ;  you 
are  weak.  We  are,  therefore,  over-confident,  careless,  and  indiffer 
ent;  you  are  vigilant  and  active.  These  are  traits  that  redound  to 
your  praise.  They  are  mentioned  not  in  your  disparagement.  I 
say  only  that  there  ma}7  be  an  extent  of  intervention,  of  aggression, 

VOL.  IV.  60 


474  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

on  your  side,  which  may  induce  the  north,  at  some  time,  either  in 
this  or  in  some  future  generation,  to  adopt  your  tactics  and  follow 
your  example.  Remember  now,  that  by  unanimous  consent,  this 
new  law  will  be  a  repealable  statute,  exposed  to  all  the  chances  of 
the  Missouri  compromise.  It  stands  an  infinitely  worse  chance  of 
endurance  than  that  compromise  did. 

The  Missouri  compromise  was  a  transaction  which  wise,  learned, 
patriotic  statesmen  agreed  to  surround  arid  fortify  with  the  princi 
ples  of  a  compact  for  mutual  considerations,  passed  and  executed, 
and  therefore,  although  not  irrepealable  in  fact,  yet  irrepealable  in 
honor  and  conscience;  arid,  down  at  least  until  this  very  session  of 
the  congress  of  the  United  States,  it  has  had  the  force  and  authority 
not  merely  of  an  act  of  congress,  but  of  a  covenant  between  the 
free  states  and  the  slave  states,  scarcely  less  sacred  than  the  constitu 
tion  itself.  Now,  then,  who  are  your  contracting  parties  in  the  law 
establishing  governments  in  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  and  abrogating 
the  Missouri  compromise?  What  are  the  equivalents  in  this  law? 
What  has  the  north  given,  and  what  has  the  south  got  back  that 
makes  this  a  contract?  Who  pretends  that  it  is  anything  more  than 
an  ordinary  act  of  ordinary  legislation  ?  If,  then,  a  law  which  has 
all  the  forms  and  solemnities  recognized  by  common  consent  as  a 
compact,  and  is  covered  with  traditions,  cannot  stand  amid  this 
shuffling  of  this  balance  between  the  free  states  and  the  slave  states, 
tell  me  what  chance  this  new  law  that  you  are  passing  will  have? 

You  are,  moreover  setting  a  precedent  which  abrogates  all  com 
promises.  Four  years  ago,  you  obtained  the  consent  of  a  portion 
of  the  free  states — enough  to  render  the  effort  at  immediate  repeal 
or  resistance  alike  impossible — to  what  we  regarded  as  an  unconsti 
tutional  act  for  the  surrender  of  fugitive  slaves.  That  was  declared, 
by  the  common  consent  of  the  persons  acting  in  the  name  of  the 
two  parties,  the  slave  states  and  free  states  in  congress,  an  irrepeal 
able  law — not  even  to  be  questioned,  although  it  violated  the  consti 
tution.  In  establishing  this  new  principle,  you  expose  that  law  also 
to  the  chances  of  repeal.  You  not  only  so  expose  the  fugitive  slave 
law,  but  there  is  no  solemnity  about  the  articles  for  the  annexation 
of  Texas  to  the  United  States,  which  does  not  hang  about  the  Mis 
souri  compromise;  and  when  you  have  shown  that  the  Missouri 
compromise  can  be  repealed,  then  the  articles  for  the  annexation  of 
Texas  are  subject  to  the  will  and  pleasure  and  the  caprice  of  a  tern- 


THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  475 

porarj  majority  in  congress.  Do  you,  then,  expect  that  the  free 
states  are  to  observe  compacts,  and  you  to  be  at  liberty  to  break 
them ;  that  they  are  to  submit  to  laws  and  leave  them  on  the  statute 
book,  however  unconstitutional  and  however  grievous,  and  that  you 
are  to  rest  under  no  such  obligation  ?  I  think  it  is  not  a  reasonable 
expectation.  Say,  then,  who  from  the  north  will  be  bound  to  admit 
Kansas,  when  Kansas  shall  come  in  here,  if  she  shall  come  as  a 
slave  state? 

The  honorable  senator  from  Georgia  [Mr.  TOOMBS],  and  I  know 
he  is  as  sincere  as  he  is  ardent,  says  if  he  shall  be  here  when 
Kansas  comes  as  a  free  state,  he  will  vote  for  her  admission.  I 
doubt  not  that  he  would ;  but  he  will  not  be  here,  for  the  very 
reason,  if  there  be  no  other,  that  he  would  vote  that  way.  When 
Oregon  or  Minnesota  shall  come  here  for  admission — within  one 
year,  or  two  years,  or  three  years  from  this  time — we  shall  then  see 
what  your  new  principle  is  worth  in  its  obligation  upon  the  slave- 
holding  states.  No;  you  establish  no  principle,  you  only  abrogate 
a  principle  which  was  established  for  your  own  security  as  well  as 
ours ;  and  while  you  think  you  are  abnegating  and  resigning  all 
power  and  all  authority  on  this  subject  into  the  hands  of  the  people 
of  the  territories,  you  are  only  getting  over  a  difficulty  in  settling 
this  question  in  the  organization  of  two  new  territories,  by  postpon 
ing  it  till  they  come  here  to  be  admitted  as  states,  slave  or  free. 

In  saying  that  your  new  principle  will  not  be  established  by  this 
bill,  I  reason  from  obvious,  clear,  well-settled  principles  of  human 
nature.  Slavery  and  freedom  are  antagonistical  elements  in  this 
country.  The  founders  of  the  constitution  framed  it  with  a  know 
ledge  of  that  antagonism,  and  suffered  it  to  continue,  that  it  might 
work  out  its  own  ends.  There  is  a  commercial  antagonism,  an  irre 
concilable  one,  between  the  systems  of  free  labor  and  slave  labor. 
They  have  been  at  war  with  each  other  ever  since  the  government 
was  established,  and  that  war  is  to  continue  forever.  The  contest,, 
when  it  ripens  between  these  two  antagonistic  elements,  is  to  be  set 
tled  somewhere;  it  is  to  be  settled  in  the  seat  of  central  power,  in 
the  federal  legislature.  The  constitution  makes  it  the  duty  of  the 
central  government  to  determine  questions  ns  often  as  they  shall 
arise  in  favor  of  one  or  the  other  party,  and  refers  the  decision  of 
them  to  the  majority  of  the  votes  in  the  two  houses  of  congress.  It 
will  come  back  here,  then,  in  spite  of  all  the  efforts  to  escape  from  it. 


476  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

This  antagonism  must  end  either  in  a  separation  of  the  antago 
nistic  parties  —  the  slaveholding  states  and  the  free  states  —  or, 
secondly,  in  the  complete  establishment  of  the  influence  of  the  slave 
power  over  the  free — or  else  on  the  other  hand,  in  the  establishment 
of  the  superior  influence  of  freedom  over  the  interests  of  slavery. 
It  will  not  be  terminated  by  a  voluntary  secession  of  either  party. 
Commercial  interests  bind  the  slave  states  and  the  free  states  together 
in  links  of  gold  that  are  riveted  with  iron,  and  they  cannot  be  broken 
by  passion  or  by  ambition.  Either  party  will  submit  to  the  ascend 
ency  of  the  other,  rather  than  yield  to  the  commercial  advantages 
•of  this  Union.  Political  ties  bind  the  Union  together — a  common 
necessity,  and  not  merely  a  common  necessity,  but  the  common  in 
terests  of  empire — of  such  empire  as  the  world  has  never  before 
seen.  The  control  of  the  national  power  is  the  control  of  the  great 
western  continent;  and  the  control  of  this  continent  is  to  be  in  a 
very  few  years  the  controlling  influence  in  the  world.  Who  is  there 
north,  that  hates  slavery  so  much,  or  who,  south,  that  hates  emanci 
pation  so  intensely,  that  he  can  attempt,  with  any  hope  of  success, 
to  break  a  Union  thus  forged  and  welded  together?  I  have  always 
heard,  with  equal  pity  and  disgust,  threats  of  disunion  in  the  free 
states,  and  similar  threats  in  the  slaveholding  states.  I  know  that 
men  may  rave  in  the  heat  of  passion,  and  under  great  political  ex 
citement;  but  I  know  that  when  it  comes  to  a  question  whether  this 
Union  shall  stand,  either  with  freedom  or  with  slavery,  the  masses 
will  uphold  it,  and  it  will  stand  until  some  inherent  vice  in  its  con 
stitution,  not  yet  disclosed,  shall  cause  its  dissolution.  Now,  enter 
taining  these  opinions,  there  are  for  me  only  two  alternatives,  viz.: 
either  to  let  slavery  gain  unlimited  sway,  or  so  to  exert  what  little 
power  and  influence  I  may  have,  as  to  secure,  if  I  can,  the  ultimate 
predominance  of  freedom. 

In  doing  this,  I  do  no  more  than  those  who  believe  the  slave 
power  is  rightest,  wisest,  and  best,  are  doing,  and  will  continue  to 
do,  with  my  free  consent,  to  establish  its  complete  supremacy.  If 
they  shall  succeed,  I  still  shall  be,  as  I  have  been,  a  loyal  citizen. 
If  we  succeed,  I  know  they  will  be  loyal  also,  because  it  will  be 
safest,  wisest,  and  best,  for  them  to  be  so.  The  question  is  one,  not 
of  a  day,  or  of  a  year,  but  of  many  years,  and  for  aught  I  know, 
many  generations.  Like  all  other  great  political  questions,  it  will 
be  attended  sometimes  by  excitement,  sometimes  by  passion,  and 


NEBRASKA   AND    KANSAS.  477 

sometimes,  perhaps,  even  by  faction  ;  but  it  is  sure  to  be  settled  in  a 
constitutional  way,  without  any  violent  shock  to  society,  or  to  any 
of  its  great  interests.  It  is,  moreover,  sure  to  be  settled  rightly  ;. 
because  it  will  be  settled  under  the  benign  influences  of  republican 
ism  and  Christianity,  according  to  the  principles  of  truth  and  justice, 
as  ascertained  by  human  reason.  In  pursuing  such  a  course,  it 
seems  to  me  obviously  as  wise  as  it  is  necessary  to  save  all  existing 
laws  and  constitutions  which  are  conservative  of  freedom,  and  to 
permit,  as  far  as  possible,  the  establishment  of  no  new  ones  in  favor 
of  slavery;  and  thus  to  turn  away  the  thoughts  of  the  states  wlik-h 
tolerate  slavery  from  political  efforts  to  perpetuate  what  in  its  nature 
cannot  be  perpetual,  to  the  more  wise  and  benign  policy  of  emanci 
pation. 

This,  in  my  humble  judgment,  is  the  simple,  easy  path  of  duty 
for  the  American  statesman.  I  will  not  contemplate  that  other  alter 
native — the  greater  ascendency  of  the  slave  power.  I  believe  that 
if  it  ever  shall  come,  the  voice  of  freedom  will  cease  to  be  heard  in 
these  halls,  whatever  may  be  the  evils  and  dangers  which  slavery 
shall  produce.  I  say  this  without  disrespect  for  representatives  of 
slave  states,  and  I  say  it  because  the  rights  of  petition  and  of  debate 
on  that  subject  are  effectually  suppressed — necessarily  suppressed — 
in  all  the  slave  states,  and  because  they  are  not  always  held  in  reve 
rence  even  now,  in  the  two  houses  of  congress.  When  freedom  of 
speech  on  a  subject  of  such  vital  interest  shall  have  ceased  to  exist 
in  congress,  then  I  shall  expect  to  see  slavery  not  only  luxuriating 
in  all  new  territories,  but  stealthily  creeping  even  into  the  free  states 
themselves.  Believing  this,  and  believing,  also,  that  complete  re 
sponsibility  of  the  government  to  the  people  is  essential  to  public 
and  private  safety,  and  that  decline  and  ruin  are  sure  to  follow, 
always,  on  the  train  of  slavery,  I  am  sure  that  this  will  be  no  longer 
a  land  of  freedom  and  constitutional  liberty  when  slavery  shall  have 
thus  become  paramount.  Auferre,  trucidare  fahis  nominibus  imperium 
atque  ubi  solitudinem  faciunt,  pacem  appellant. 

I  have  always  said  that  I  should  not  despond,  even  if  this  fearful 
measure  should  be  effected;  nor  do  I  now  despond.  Although, 
reasoning  from  my  present  convictions,  I  should  not  have  voted  foi 
the  compromise  of  1820,  I  have  labored,  in  the  very  spirit  of  those 
who  established  it,  to  save  the  landmark  of  freedom  which  it 
assigned.  I  have  not  spoken  irreverently,  even  of  the  compromise 


478  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

of  1850,  which,  as  all  men  know,  I  opposed  earnestly  and  with 
diligence.  Nevertheless,  I  have  always  preferred  the  compromises 
of  the  constitution,  and  have  wanted  no  others.  I  feared  all  others. 
This  was  a  leading  principle  of  the  great  statesman  of  the  south 
[Mr.  CALHOUN].  Said  he : 

"  I  see  my  way  in  the  constitution ;  I  cannot  in  a  compromise.  A  compromise 
is  but  an  act  of  congress.  It  may  be  overruled  at  any  time.  It  gives  us  no  secu 
rity.  But  the  constitution  is  a  statute.  It  is  a  rock  on  which  we  can  stand,  and 
on  which  we  can  meet  our  friends  from  the  non-slaveholding  states.  It  is  a  firm 
and  stable  ground,  on  which  we  can  better  stand  in  opposition  to  fanaticism  than 
on  the  shifting  sands  of  compromise.  Let  us  be  done  with  compromises.  Let  us 
go  back  and  stand  upon  the  constitution." 

I  stood  upon  this  ground  in  1850,  defending  freedom  upon  it  as 
Mr.  CALHOUN  did  in  defending  slavery.  I  was  overruled  then,  and 
I  have  waited  since  without  proposing  to  abrogate  any  compromises. 

It  has  been  no  proposition  of  mine  to  abrogate  them  now ;  but 
the  proposition  has  come  from  another  quarter — from  an  adverse 
one.  It  is  about  to  prevail.  The  shifting  sands  of  compromise  are 
passing  from  under  my  feet,  and  they  are  now,  without  agency  of 
my  own,  taking  hold  again  on  the  rock  of  the  constitution.  It  shall 
be  no  fault  of  mine  if  they  do  not  remain  firm.  This  seems  to  me 
auspicious  of  better  days  and  wiser  legislation.  Through  all  the 
darkness  and  gloom  of  the  present  hour,  bright  stars  are  breaking, 
that  inspire  me  with  hope,  and  excite  me  to  perseverance.  They 
show  that  the  day  of  compromises  has  passed  forever,  and  that 
henceforward  all  great  questions  between  freedom  and  slavery  legi 
timately  coming  here — and  none  other  can  come — shall  be  decided, 
as  they  ought  to  be,  upon  their  merits,  by  a  fair  exercise  of  legisla 
tive  power,  and  not  by  bargains  of  equivocal  prudence,  if  not  of 
doubtful  morality. 

The  house  of  representatives  has,  and  it  alwa}^s  will  have,  an 
increasing  majority  of  members  from  the  free  states.  On  this  occa 
sion,  that  house  has  not  been  altogether  faithless  to  the  interests  of 
the  free  states;  for  although  it  has  taken  away  the  charter  of  free 
dom  from  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  it  has  at  the  same  time  told  this 
proud  body,  in  language  which  compels  acquiescence,  that  in  sub 
mitting  the  question  of  its  restoration,  it  would  submit  it  not  merely 
to  interested  citizens,  but  to  the  alien  inhabitants  of  the  territories 
also.  So  the  great  interests  of  humanity  are,  after  all,  thanks  to  the 


ADMISSION  OF    KANSAS.  479 

Louse  of  representatives,  and  thanks  to  God,  submitted  to  the  voice 
of  human  nature. 

'I  see  one  more  sign  of  hope.  The  great  support  of  slavery  in  the 
south  has  been  its  alliance  with  the  democratic  party  of  the  north. 
By  means  of  that  alliance  it  obtained  paramount  influence  in  this 
government  about  the  year  1800,  which,  from  that  time  to  this,  with 
but  few  and  slight  interruptions,  it  has  maintained.  While  demo 
cracy  in  the  north  has  thus  been  supporting  slavery  in  the  south, 
the  people  of  the  north  have  been  learning  more  profoundly  the 
principles  of  republicanism  and  of  free  government.  It  is  an  extra 
ordinary  circumstance,  which  you,  sir,  the  present  occupant  of  the 
chair  [Mr.  STUART],  I  am  sure,  will  not  gainsay,  that  at  this  moment, 
when  there  seems  to  be  a  more  complete  divergence  of  the  federal 
government  in  favor  of  slavery  than  ever  before,  the  sentiment  of 
universal  liberty  is  stronger  in  all  free  states  than  it  ever  was  before. 
With  that  principle  the  present  democratic  party  must  now  come 
into  a  closer  contest.  Their  prestige  of  democracy  is  fast  waning, 
by  reason  of  the  hard  service  which  their  alliance  with  their  slave- 
holding  brethren  has  imposed  upon  them.  That  party  perseveres, 
as  indeed  it  must,  by  reason  of  its  very  constitution,  in  that  service, 
and  thus  comes  into  closer  conflict  with  elements  of  true  democracy, 
and  for  that  reason  is  destined  to  lose,  and  is  fast  losing,  the  power 
which  it  has  held  so  firmly  and  so  long.  That  power  will  not  be 
restored  until  the  principle  established  here  now  shall  be  reversed, 
and  a  constitution  shall  be  given,  not  only  to  Kansas  and  Nebraska 
but  also  to  every  other  national  territory,  which  will  be,  not  a  tabula 
rasa,  but  a  constitution  securing  equal,  universal,  and  perpetual 
freedom. 


THE  IMMEDIATE  ADMISSION  OF  KANSAS. 1 

To  OBTAIN  empire  is  easy  and  common  ;  to  govern  it  well  is  diffi 
cult  and  rare  indeed.  I  salute  the  congress  of  the  United  States  in 
the  exercise  of  its  most  important  function,  that  of  extending  the 
federal  constitution  over  added  domains,  and  I  salute  especially  the 
senate  in  the  most  august  of  all  its  manifold  characters,  itself  a  con 
gress  of  thirty-one  free,  equal,  sovereign  states,  assembled  to  decide 

1  Speech  in  the  United  States  Senate,  April  9,  1856.    See  Memoir,  ante,  page  39. 


480  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

whether  the  majestic  and  fraternal  circle  shall  be  opened  to  receive- 
yet  another  free,  equal  arid  sovereign  state. 

The  constitution  prescribes  only  two  qualifications  for  new  states, 
namely — a  substantial  civil  community,  and  a  republican  govern 
ment.  Kansas  has  both  of  these. 

The  circumstances  of  Kansas,  and  her  relations  towards  the  Union, 
are  peculiar,  anomalous,  and  deeply  interesting.  The  United  States 
acquired  the  province  of  Louisiana  (which  included  the  present 
territory  of  Kansas)  from  France,  in  1803,  by  a  treaty,  in  which 
they  agreed  that  its  inhabitants  should  be  incorporated  into  the 
Federal  Union,  and  admitted  as  soon  as  possible,  according  to  the 
principles  of  the  constitution,  to  the  enjoyment  of  all  the  rights, 
advantages  and  immunities  of  citizens  of  the  United  States. 
Nevertheless,  Kansas  was  in  1820  assigned  as  a  home  for  an  indefi 
nite  period  to  several  savage  Indian  tribes,  find  closed  against  immi 
gration  and  all  other  than  aboriginal  civilization,  but  not  without  a 
cotemporaneous  pledge  to  the  American  people  and  to  mankind, 
that  neither  slavery  nor  involuntary  servitude  should  be  tolerated 
therein  forever.  In  1854,  congress  directed  a  removal  of  the  Indian 
tribes,  and  organized  and  opened  Kansas  to  civilization,  but  by  the 
same  act  rescinded  the  pledge  of  perpetual  dedication  to  freedom, 
and  substituted  for  it  another,  which  declared  that  the  [future]  peo 
ple  of  Kansas  should  be  left  perfectly  free  to  establish  or  to  exclude 
slavery,  as  they  should  decide  through  the  action  of  a  republican 
government  which  congress  modeled  and  authorized  them  to  estab 
lish,  under  the  protection  of  the  United  States.  Notwithstanding 
this  latter  pledge,  when  the  newly  associated  people  of  Kansas,  in 
1855,  were  proceeding  with  the  machinery  of  popular  elections,  in 
the  manner  prescribed  by  congress,  to  choose  legislative  bodies  for 
the  purpose  of  organizing  that  republican  government,  armed  bands 
of  invaders  from  the  state  of  Missouri  entered  the  territory,  seized 
the  polls,  overpowered  or  drove  away  the  inhabitants,  usurped  the 
elective  franchise,  deposited  false  and  spurious  ballots  without  regard 
to  regularity  of  qualification  or  of  numbers,  procured  official  certifi 
cates  of  the  result  by  fraud  and  force,  and  thus  created  and  consti 
tuted  legislative  bodies  to  act  for  and  in  the  name  of  the  people  of 
the  territory.  These  legislative  bodies  afterward  assembled,  assumed 
to  be  a  legitimate  legislature,  set  forth  a  code  of  municipal  laws, 
created  public  offices  and  filled  them  with  officers  appointed  for  con- 


ADMISSION  OF   KANSAS.  481 

siderable  periods  by  themselves,  and  thus  established  a  complete  and 
effective  foreign  tyranny  over  the  people  of  the  territory.  These 
high-handed  transactions  were  consummated  with  the  expressed 
purpose  of  establishing  African  slavery  as  a  permanent  institution 
within  the  territory  by  force,  in  violation  of  the  natural  rights  of 
the  people  solemnly  guarantied  to  them  by  the  congress  of  the 
United  States.  The  president  of  the  United  States  has  been  an 
accessory  to  these  political  transactions,  with  full  complicity  in 
regard  to  the  purpose  for  which  they  were  committed.  He  has 
adopted  the  usurpation,  and  made  it  his  own,  and  he  is  now  main 
taining  it  with  the  military  arm  of  the  republic.  Thus  Kansas  has 
been  revolutionized,  and  she  now  lies  subjugated  and  prostrated  at 
the  foot  of  the  president  of  the  United  States,  while  he,  through  the 
agency  of  a  foreign  tyranny  established  within  her  borders,  is  forci 
bly  introducing  and  establishing  slavery  there,  in  contempt  and 
defiance  of  the  organic  law.  These  extraordinary  transactions  have 
been  attended  by  civil  commotions,  in  which  property,  life,  and  lib 
erty,  have  been  exposed  to  violence,  and  these  commotions  still 
continue  to  threaten,  not  only  the  territory  itself,  but  also  the  adjacent 
states,  with  the  calamities  and  disasters  of  civil  war. 

I  am  fully  aware  of  the  gravity  of  the  charges  against  the  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States  which  this  statement  of  the  condition  and 
relations  of  Kansas  imports.  I  shall  proceed,  without  fear  and  with 
out  reserve,  to  make  them  good.  The  maxim,  that  a  sacred  veil 
must  be  drawn  over  the  beginning  of  all  governments,  does  not  hold 
under  our  system.  I  shall  first  call  the  accuser  into  the  presence  of 
the  senate — then  examine  the  defenses  which  the  president  has  made- 
— and,  last,  submit  the  evidences  by  which  he  is  convicted. 

The  people  of  Kansas  know  whether  these  charges  are  true  or 
false.  They  have  adopted  them,  and,  on  the  ground  of  the  high 
political  necessity  which  the  wrongs  they  have  endured,  and  are  yet 
enduring,  and  the  dangers  through  which  they  have  already  passed, 
and  the  perils  to  which  they  are  yet  exposed,  have  created,  they 
have  provisionally  organized  themselves  as  a  state,  and  that  state  is 
now  here,  by  its  two  chosen  senators  and  one  representative,  stand 
ing  outside  at  the  doors  of  congress,  applying  to  be  admitted  into 
the  Union,  as  a  means  of  relief  indispensable  for  the  purposes  of 
peace,  freedom  and  safety.  This  new  state  is  the  president's  respon 
sible  accuser. 

VOL.  IV.  Cl 


482  SPEECHES   IN    THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

The  president  of  the  United  States,  without  waiting  for  the  ap 
pearance  of  his  accuser  at  the  capital,  anticipated  the  accusations, 
and  submitted  his  defenses  against  them  to  congress.  The  first  one 
of  these  defenses  was  contained  in  his  annual  message,  which  was 
communicated  to  congress  on  the  30th  of  December,  1855.  I 
examine  it.  You  shall  see  at  once  that  the  president's  mind  was 
oppressed — was  full  of  something,  too  large  and  burdensome  to  be 
concealed,  and  yet  too  critical  to  be  told. 

Mark,  if  you  please,  the  state  of  the  case  at  thai  time.  So  early 
as  August,  1855,  the  people  of  Kansas  had  denounced  the  legisla 
ture.  They  had  at  voluntary  elections  chosen  Mr  A.  H.  Reeder  to 
represent  them  in  the  present  congress,  instead  of  J.  W.  Whitfield, 
who  held  a  certificate  of  election  under  the  authority  of  the  legisla 
ture.  They  had  also,  on  the  23d  day  of  October,  1855,  by  similar 
voluntary  elections,  constituted  at  Topeka  an  organic  convention, 
which  framed  a  constitution  for  the  projected  state.  They  had  also, 
on  the  15th  of  December,  1855,  at  similar  voluntary  elections, 
adopted  that  constitution,  and  its  tenor  was  fully  known.  It  pro 
vided  for  elections  to  be  held  throughout  the  new  state  on  the  15th 
of  January,  1856,  to  fill  the  offices  created  by  it,  and  it  also  required 
the  executive  and  legislative  officers,  thus  to  be  chosen,  to  assemble 
at  Topeka  on  the  4th  day  of  March,  1856,  to  inaugurate  the  new 
state  provisionally,  and  to  take  the  necessary  means  for  the  appoint 
ment  of  senators,  who,  together  with  a  representative  alread}^  chosen, 
should  submit  the  constitution  to  congress  at  an  early  day,  and  apply 
for  the  admission  of  the  state  of  Kansas  into  the  Union.  All  these 
proceedings  had  been  based  on  the  grounds  that  the  territorial  autho 
rities  of  Kansas  had  been  established  by  armed  foreign  usurpation, 
and  were  nevertheless  sustained  by  the  president  of  the  United 
States.  A  constitutional  obligation  required  the  president  "  to  give 
to  congress,"  in  his  annual  message,  "information  of  the  state  of 
the  Union."  Here  is  all  "the  information"  which  the  president 
gave  to  congress  concerning  the  events  in  Kansas,  and  its  relations 
to  the  Union : 

"  In  the  territory  of  Kansas,  there  have  been  acts  prejudicial  to  good  order,  but 
as  yet  none  have  occurred  under  circumstances  to  justify  the  interposition  of  the 
federal  executive.  That  could  only  be  in  onse  of  obstruction  to  federal  law,  or  of 
organized  resistance  to  territorial  law.  assuming  the  character  of  insurrection, 
which,  if  it  should  occur,  it  would  be  my  duty  promptly  to  overcome  and  sup- 


ADMISSION  OF   KANSAS.  483 

press.  I  cherish  the  hope,  however,  that  the  occurrence  of  any  such  untoward 
event  will  be  prevented  by  the  sound  sense  of  the  people  of  the  territory,  who  by 
its  organic  law,  possessing  the  right  to  determine  their  own  domestic  institutions, 
are  entitled,  while  deporting  themselves  peacefully,  to  the  free  exercise  of  that 
right,  and  must  be  protected  in  the  enjoyment  of  it,  without  interference  on  the 
part  of  the  citizens  of  any  of  the  states.'' 

This  information  implies,  that  no  invasion,  usurpation,  or  tyranny, 
has  been  committed  within  the  territory  by  strangers ;  and  that  the 
provisional  state  organization  now  going  forward  is  not  only  unne 
cessary,  but  also  prejudicial  to  good  order,  and  insurrectionary.  It 
menaces  the  people  of  Kansas  with  a  threat,  that  the  president  will 
"  overcome  and  suppress  "  them.  It  mocks  them  with  a  promise, 
that,  if  they  shall  hereafter  deport  themselves  properly,  under  the 
control  of  authorities  by  which  they  have  been  disfranchised,  in 
determining  institutions  which  have  been  already  forcibly  deter 
mined  for  them  by  foreign  invasion,  that  then  they  "  must  be  pro 
tected  against  interference  by  the  citizens  of  any  of  the  states." 

The  president,  however,  not  content  with  a  statement  so  obscure 
and  unfair,  devotes  a  third  part  of  the  annual  message  to  argumen 
tative  speculations  bearing  on  the  character  of  his  accuser.  Each 
state  has  two  and  no  more  senators  in  the  senate  of  the  United 
States.  In  determining  the  apportionment  of  representatives  in  the 
house  of  representatives,  and  in  the  electoral  colleges  among  the 
states,  three-fifths  of  all  the  slaves  in  any  state  are  enumerated. 
The  slaveholding  or  non-slaveholding  character  of  a  state  is  deter 
mined,  not  at  the  time  of  its  admission  into  the  Union  as  a  state,  but 
at  that  earlier  period  of  its  political  life  in  which,  being  called  a  ter 
ritory,  it  is  politically  dependent  on  the  United  States,  or  on  some 
foreign  sovereign.  Slavery  is  tolerated  in  some  of  the  states,  and 
forbidden  in  others.  Affecting  the  industrial  and  economical  sys 
tems  of  the  several  states,  as  slavery  and  freedom  do,  this  diversity 
of  practice  concerning  them  early  worked  out  a  corresponding  differ 
ence  of  conditions,  interests,  and  ambitions,  among  the  states,  and 
divided  and  arrayed  them  into  two  classes.  The  balance  of  political 
power  between  these  two  classes  in  the  federal  system  is  sensibly 
affected  by  the  accession  of  any  new  state  to  either  of  them.  Each 
state,  therefore,  watches  jealously  the  settlement,  growth,  and  in 
choate  slaveholding  and  non-slaveholding  characters  of  territories, 
•which  may  ultimately  come  into  the  Union  as  states.  It  has  resulted 
from  these  circumstances,  that  slavery,  in  relations  purely  political 


484  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

and  absolutely  federal,  is  an  element  which  enters  with  more  or  less 
activity  into  many  national  questions  of  finance,  of  revenue,  of 
expenditure,  of  protection,  of  free  trade,  of  patronage,  of  peace,  of 
war,  of  annexation,  of  defense,  and  of  conquest,  and  modifies  opin 
ions  concerning  constructions  of  the  constitution,  and  the  distribution 
of  powers  between  the  Union  and  the  several  states  by  which  it  is 
constituted.  Slavery,  under  these  political  and  federal  aspects  aloner 
enters  into  the  transactions  in  Kansas,  with  which  the  president  and 
congress  are  concerned.  Nevertheless,  he  disingenuously  alludes  to 
those  transactions  in  his  defense,  as  if  they  were  identified  with  that 
moral  discussion  of  slavery  which  he  regards  as  odious  and  alarm 
ing,  and  without  any  other  claim  to  consideration.  Thus  he  alludes 
to  the  question  before  us  as  belonging  to  a 

"  Political  agitation  concerning  a  matter  which  consists  to  a  great  extent  of 
exaggeration  of  inevitable  evils,  or  over-zeal  in  social  improvement,  or  mere 
imagination  of  grievance,  having  but  a  remote  connection  with  any  of  the  con 
stitutional  functions  of  the  federal  government,  and  menacing  the  stability  of  the 
constitution  and  the  integrity  of  the  Union." 

In  like  manner  the  president  assails  and  stigmatizes  those  who 
defend  and  maintain  the  cause  of  Kansas,  as 

"  Men  of  narrow  views  and  sectional  purposes,  engaged  in  those  wild  and  chi 
merical  schemes  of  social  change  which  are  generated  one  after  another  in  the 
unstable  minds  of  visionary  sophists  and  interested  agitators — '  mad  men,  raising 
the  storm  of  frenzy  and  faction,'  'sectional  agitators,'  '  enemies  of  the  constitu 
tion,  who  have  surrendered  themselves  so  far  to  a  fanatical  devotion  to  the  sup 
posed  interests  of  the  relatively  few  Africans  in  the  United  States,  as  totally  to 
abandon  and  disregard  the  interests  of  the  twenty-five  millions  of  Americans,  and 
trample  under  foot  the  injunctions  of  moral  and  constitutional  obligation,  and  to 
engage  in  plans  of  vindictive  hostility  against  those  who  are  associated  with  them 
in  the  enjoyment  of  the  common  heritage  of  our  free  institutions.'  " 

The  president's  defense  on  this  occasion,  if  not  a  matter  simply 
personal,  is  at  least  one  of  temporary  and  ephemeral  importance, 
Possibly,  all  the  advantages  he  will  gain  by  transferring  to  his  accu 
ser  a  portion  of  the  popular  prejudice  against  abolition  and  aboli 
tionists,  can  be  spared  to  him.  It  would  be  wise,  however,  for  those 
whose  interests  are  inseparable  from  slavery,  to  reflect  that  abolition 
will  gain  an  equivalent  benefit  from  the  identi^ cation  of  the  presi 
dent's  defense  with  their  cherished  institution.  Abolition  is  a  slow 
but  irrepressible  uprising  of  principles  of  natural  justice  and  human- 


ADMISSION   OF  KANSAS.  485 

ity,  obnoxious  to  prejudice,  because  they  conflict  inconveniently 
•with  existing  material,  social,  and  political  interests.  It  belongs  to 
others  than  statesmen,  charged  with  the  care  of  present  interests,  to 
conduct  the  social  reformation  of  mankind  in  its  broadest  bearings. 
I  leave  to  abolitionists  their  own  work  of  self-vindication.  I  may, 
however,  remind  slaveholders"  that  there  is  a  time  when  oppression 
and  persecution  cease  to  be  effectual  against  such  movements ;  and 
then  the  odium  they  have  before  unjustly  incurred  becomes  an  ele 
ment  of  strength  and  power.  Christianity,  blindly  maligned  during 
three  centuries,  by  praetors,  governors,  senates,  councils,  and  empe 
rors,  towered  above  its  enemies  in  a  fourth ;  and  even  the  cross  on 
which  its  founder  had  expired,  and  which  therefore  was  the  emblem 
of  its  shame,  became  the  sign  under  which  it  went  forth  evermore 
thereafter,  conquering  and  to  conquer.  Abolition  is  yet  only  in  its 
first  century. 

The  president  raises  in  his  defense  a  false  issue,  and  elaborates  an 
irrelevant  argument  to  prove  that  congress  has  no  right  or  power, 
nor  has  any  sister  state  any  right  or  power,  to  interfere  within  a 
slave  state,  by  legislation  or  force,  to  abolish  slavery  therein — as  if 
you,  or  I,  or  any  other  responsible  man,  ever  maintained  the  con 
trary. 

The  president  distorts  the  constitution  from  its  simple  text,  so  as 
to  make  it  expressly  and  directly  defend,  protect,  and  guaranty 
African  slavery.  Thus  he  alleges  that  "the  government"  which 
resulted  from  the  Kevolution  was  a  "  Federal  Republic  of  the  free 
white  men  of  the  colonies,"  whereas,  on  the  contrary,  the  Declara 
tion  of  Independence  asserts  the  political  equality  of  all  men,  and 
even  the  constitution  itself  carefully  avoids  any  political  recognition, 
not  merely  of  slavery,  but  of  the  diversity  of  races.  The  president 
represents  the  fathers  as  having  contemplated  and  provided  for  a 
permanent  increase  of  the  number  of  slaves  in  some  of  the  states, 
and  therefore  forbidden  congress  to  touch  slavery  in  the  way  of 
attack  or  offense,  and  as  having  therefore  also  placed  it  under  the 
general  safeguard  of  the  constitution  ;  whereas  the  fathers,  by  au 
thorizing  congress  to  abolish  the  African  slave  trade  after  1808,  as  a 
means  of  attack,  inflicted  on  slavery  in  the  states  a  blow,  of  which 
they  expected  it  to  languish  immediately,  and  ultimately  to  expire. 

The  president  closes  his  defense  in  the  annual  message  with  a 
deliberate  assault,  very  incongruous  in  such  a  place,  upon  some  of 


486  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

the  northern  states.  At  the  same  time  he  abstains,  with  marked 
caution,  from  naming  the  accused  states.  They,  however,  receive  a 
compliment  at  his  hands,  by  way  of  giving  keenness  to  his  rebuke, 
which  enables  us  to  identify  them.  They  are  northern  states 
"  which  were  conspicuous  in  founding  the  republic."  All  of  the 
original  northern  states  were  conspicuous  in  that  great  transaction. 

/All  of  them,  therefore,  are  accused.  The  offense  charged  is,  that 
they  disregard  their  constitutional  obligations,  and  although  "con 
scious  of  their  inability  to  heal  admitted  and  palpable  social  evils  of 
their  own,  confessedly  within  their  jurisdiction,  they  engage  in  an 
offensive,  hopeless,  and  illegal  undertaking,  to  reform  the  domestic 
institutions  of  the  southern  states,  at  the  peril  of  the  very  existence 
of  the  constitution,  and  of  all  the  countless  benefits  which  it  has 
conferred.^/ 1  challenge  the  president  to  the  proof,  in  behalf  of 
Massachusetts;  although  I  have  only  the  interest  common  to  all 
Americans  and  to  all  men  in  her  great  fame.  What  one  corporate 
or  social  evil  is  there,  of  which  she  is  conscious,  and  conscious  also 
of  inability  to  heal  it?  Is  it  ignorance,  prejudice,  bigotry,  vice, 
crime,  public  disorder,  poverty,  or  disease,  afflicting  the  minds  or 
the  bodies  of  her  people  ?  There  she  stands.  Survey  her  univer 
sities,  colleges,  academies,  observatories,  primary  schools,  Sunday 
schools,  penal  codes,  and  penitentiaries.  Descend  into  her  quarries, 
walk  over  her  fields  and  through  her  gardens,  observe  her  manufac 
tories  of  a  thousand  various  fabrics,  watch  her  steamers  ascending 
every  river  and  inlet  on  your  own  coast,  and  her  ships,  displaying 
their  canvas  on  every  sea;  follow  her  fishermen  in  their  adventu 
rous  voyages  from  her  own  and  adjacent  bays  to  the  icy  ocean  under 
either  pole  ;  and  then  return  and  enter  her  hospitals,  which  cure  or 
relieve  suffering  humanity  in  every  condition  and  at  every  period 
of  life,  from  the  lying-in  to  the  second  childhood,  and  which  not 
only  restore  sight  to  the  blind,  and  hearing  to  the  deaf,  and  speech 
to  the  dumb,  but  also  bring  back  wandering  reason  to  the  insane, 
and  teach  even  the  idiot  to  think !  Massachusetts,  sir,  is  a  model 
of  statevS,  worthy  of  all  honor ;  and  though  she  was  most  conspicu 
ous  of  all  the  states  in  the  establishment  of  republican  institutions 
here,  she  is  even  more  conspicuous  still  for  the  municipal  wisdom 
with  which  she  has  made  them  contribute  to  the  welfare  of  her 
people,  and  to  the  greatness  of  the  republic  itself. 


THE    PRESIDENT   AND    KANSAS.  187 

In  behalf  of  New  York,  for  whom  it  is  my  right  and  duty  to 
speak,  I  defy  the  presidential  accuser.  Mark  her  tranquil  magnani 
mity,  which  becomes  a  state  for  whose  delivery  from  tyranny 
Schuyler  devised  and  labored,  who  received  her  political  constitu 
tion  from  Hamilton,  her  intellectual  and  physical  development  from 
Clinton,  and  her  lessons  in  humanity  from  Jay.  As  she  waves  her 
wand  over  the  continent,  trade  forsakes  the  broad  natural  channels 
which  conveyed  it  before  to  the  Delaware  and  Chesapeake  bays,  and 
to  the  gulfs  of  St.  Lawrence  and  Mexico,  and  obedient  to  her  com 
mand  pours  itself  through  her  artificial  channels  into  her  own  once 
obscure  seaport.  She  stretches  her  wand  again  towards  the  ocean, 
and  the  commerce  of  all  the  continents  concentrates  itself  at  her 
feet ;  and  with  it,  strong  and  full  floods  of  immigration  ride  in,  con 
tributing  labor,  capital,  art,  valor,  arid  enterprise,  to  perfect  and 
embellish  our  ever-widening  empire. 

When,  and  on  what"  occasion,  ha^  Massachusetts  or  New  York 
officiously  and  illegally  intruded  herself  within  the  jurisdiction  of 
sister  states,  to  modify  or  reform  their  institutions?  No,  no,  sir. 
Their  faults  have  been  quite  different.  They  have  conceded  too 
often  and  too  much  for  their  own  just  dignity  and  influence  in  fed 
eral  administration,  to  the  querulous  complaints  of  the  states  in 
whose  behalf  the  president  arraigns  them.  I  thank  the  president 
for  the  insult  which,  though  so  deeply  unjust,  was  perhaps  needful 
to  arouse  them  to  their  duty  in  this  great  emergency. 

The  president,  in  this  connection,  reviews  the  acquisitions  of  new 
domain,  the  organization  of  new  territories,  and  the  admission  of 
new  states,  and  arrives  at  results  which  must  be  as  agreeably  sur 
prising  to  the  slave  states,  as  they  are  astounding  to  the  free  states. 
He  finds  that  the  former  have  been  altogether  guiltless  of  political 
ambition,  while  he  convicts  the  latter  not  only  of  unjust  territorial 
aggrandizement,  but  also  of  false  and  fraudulent  clamor  against  the 
slave  states,  to  cover  their  own  aggressions.  Notwithstanding  the 
president's  elaborated  misconceptions,  these  historical  facts  remain, 
namely — that  no  acquisition  whatever  has  ever  been  made  at  the 
instance  of  the  free  states,  and  with  a  view  to  their  aggrandizement; 
that  Louisiana  and  Florida,  incidentally  acquired  for  general  and 
important  national  objects,  have  already  yielded  to  the  slave  states 
three  states  of  their  own  class,  while  Texas  was  avowedly  annexed 
as  a  means  of  security  to  slavery,  and  one  slave  state  has  been 


488  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

already  admitted  from  that  acquisition,  and  congress  has  stipulated 
for  the  admission  of  four  more ;  that  by  way  of  equivalent  for  the 
admission  of  California  a  free  state,  the  slave  states  have  obtained  a 
virtual  repeal  of  the  Mexican  law  which  forbade  slavery  in  New 
Mexico  and  Utah ;  and  that,  as  a  consequence  of  that  extraordinary 
legislation,  congress  has  also  rescinded  the  prohibition  of  slavery, 
which,  in  1820,  was  extended  over  all  that  part  of  Louisiana,  except 
Missouri,  which  lies  north  of  thirty -six  degrees  thirty  minutes  of 
north  latitude.  Sir,  the  real  crime  of  the  northern  states  is  this: 
they  are  forty  degrees  too  high  on  the  arc  of  north  latitude. 

I  dismiss  for  the  present  the  president's  first  defense  against  the 
accusation  of  the  new  state  of  Kansas. 

On  the  24th  of  January,  1856,  when  no  important  event  had  hap 
pened  which  was  unknown  at  the  date  of  the  president's  annual 
message,  he  submitted  to  congress  his  second  defense,  in  the  form 
of  a  special  message.  In  this  paper,  the  president  deplores,  as  the 
cause  of  all  the  troubles  which  have  occurred  in  Kansas,  delays  of 
the  organization  of  the  territory,  which  have  been  permitted  by  the 
governor,  Mr.  Keeder.  The  organic  law  was  passed  by  congress  on 
the  31st  of  May,  1854,  but  on  that  day  there  was  not  one  lawful' 
elector,  citizen,  or  inhabitant,  within  the  territory,  while  the  question, 
whether  slavery  or  universal  freedom  should  be  established  there, 
was  devolved  practically  on  the  first  legislative  bodies  to  be  elected 
by  the  people  who  were  to  become  thereafter  the  inhabitants  of 
Kansas.  The  election  for  the  first  legislative  bodies  was  appointed 
by  the  governor  to  be  held  on  the  30th  of  March,  1855 ;  and  the  2d 
day  of  July,  1855,  was  designated  for  the  organization  of  the  legis 
lative  assembly.  The  only  civilized  community  that  was  in  contact 
with  the  new  territory  was  Missouri,  a  slaveholding  state,  at  whose 
instance  the  prohibition  of  slavery  within  the  territory  had  been 
abrogated,  so  that  she  might  attempt  to  colonize  it  with  slaves.  Im 
migrants  were  invited  not  only  from  all  parts  of  the  United  States, 
but  also  from  all  other  parts  of  the  world,  with  a  pledge  that  the 
people  of  the  new  territory  should  be  left  perfectly  free  to  establish 
or  prohibit  slavery.  A  special  election,  however,  was  held  within 
the  territory  on  the  29th  day  of  November,  1854,  without  any  pre 
liminary  census  of  the  inhabitants,  for  the  purpose  of  choosing  a 
delegate  who  might  sit  without  a  right  to  vote  in  congress,  during 
the  second  session  of  the  thirty-third  congress,  which  was  to  begin 


THE  PKESIDENT  AND  KANSAS.  489 

on  the  first  Monday  of  December,  1854,  and  to  end  on  the  third  day 
of  March,  1855.  Mr.  J.  W.  Whitfield  was  certified  to  be  elected. 
There  were  vehement  complaints  of  illegality  in  the  election,  but 
his  title  was  nevertheless  not  contested,  for  the  palpable  reasons,  that 
an  investigation,  under  the  circumstances,  of  the  territory,  during  so 
short  a  session  of  congress,  would  be  impossible,  and  that  the  ques 
tion  was  of  inconsiderable  magnitude.  Yet  the  president  laments 
that  the  governor  neglected  to  order  the  first  election  for  the  legis 
lative  bodies  of  the  new  territory  to  be  held  simultaneously  with 
that  hurried  congressional  election.  He  assign  his  reasons: 

"  Any  question  appertaining  to  the  qualifications  of  persons  voting  as  the  peo 
ple  of  the  territory  would  (in  that  case,  incidentally)  have  necessarily  passed 
under  the  supervision  of  congress  ("meaning  the  house  of  representatives),  and 
would  have  been  determined  before  conflicting  passions  had  been  inflamed  by 
time,  and  before  an  opportunity  would  have  been  afforded  for  systematic  interfer 
ence  by  the  people  of  individual  states." 

Could  the  president,  in  any  explicit  arrangement  of  words,  more 
distinctly  have  confessed  his  disappointment  in  failing  to  secure  a 
merely  formal  election  of  legislative  bodies  within  the  territory,  in 
fraud  of  the  organic  law,  of  the  people  of  Kansas,  and  of  the  cause 
of  natural  justice  and  humanity? 

The  president  then  proceeds  to  launch  severe  denunciations  against 
what  he  calls  a  propagandist  attempt  to  colonize  the  territory  with 
opponents  of  slavery.  The  whole  American  continent  has  been 
undergoing  a  process  of  colonization,  in  many  forms,  throughout  a 
period  of  three  hundred  and  fifty  years.  The  only  common  element 
of  all  those  forms  was  propagandism.  Were  not  the  voyages  of 
Columbus  propagandist  expeditions  under  the  auspices  of  the  Pope 
of  Kome  ?  Was  not  the  wide  occupation  of  Spanish  America  a 
propagandism  of  the  Catholic  church  ?  The  settlement  of  Massa 
chusetts  by  the  Pilgrims;  of  the  New  Netherlands  by  the  reformers 
of  Holland ;  the  later  plantation  of  the  Mohawk  valley  by  the  Pala 
tines  ;  the  establishment  of  Pennsylvania  by  the  Friends ;  the  mission 
of  the  Moravians  at  Bethlehem,  in  the  same  state ;  the  foundation 
of  Maryland  by  Lord  Baltimore  and  his  colony  of  British  catholics; 
the  settlement  of  Jamestown  by  the  Cavaliers  and  Churchmen  of 
England;  that  of  South  Carolina  by  the  Huguenots:  Were  not  all 
these  propagandist  colonizations?  Was  not  Texas  settled  by  a 
colony  of  slaveholders,  and  California  by  companies  of  freemen  ? 

VOL.  TV.  62 


490  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

Yet  never  before  did  any  prince,  king,  emperor,  or  president,  de 
nounce  such  colonizations.  Does  any  law  of  nature  or  nations 
forbid  them?  Does  any  public  authority  quarantine,  on  the  ground 
of  opinion,  the  ships  which  are  continually  pouring  into  the  gates 
of  New  York  whole  religious  societies,  from  Ireland,  Wales,  Ger 
many,  and  Norway,  with  their  pastors,  and  clerks,  and  choirs? 

But  the  president  charges  that  the  propagandists  entered  Kansas 
with  a  design  to  "  anticipate  and  force  the  determination  of  the 
slavery  question  within  the  territory  "  (in  favor  of  freedom),  forget 
ting,  nevertheless,  that  he  has  only  just  before  deplored  a  failure  of 
his  own  to  anticipate  and  force  the  determination  of  that  question  in 
favor  of  slavery,  by  a  coup  de  main,  in  advance  even  of  their  depart 
ure  from  their  homes  in  the  Atlantic  states  and  in  Europe.  lie 
charges,  moreover,  that  the  propagandists  designed  to  u  prevent  the 
free  and  natural  action  of  the  inhabitants  in  the  intended  orgauiza 
tion  of  the  territory,"  when,  in  fact,  they  were  pursuing  the  only 
free  and  natural  course  to  organize  it  by  immigrating  and  becoming 
permanent  inhabitants,  citizens  and  electors  of  Kansas.  Not  one 
unlawful  or  turbulent  act  has  been  hitherto  charged  against  any  one 
of  the  propagandists  of  freedom.  Mark,  now,  an  extraordinary 
inconsistency  of  the  president.  On  the  29th  of  June,  1854,  only 
twenty-nine  days  after  the  opening  of  the  territory,  and  before  one 
of  these  emigrants  had  reached  Kansas,  or  even  Missouri,  a  propa 
gandist  association,  but  not  of  emigrants,  named  the  Platte  County 
Self-Defensive  Association,  assembled  at  Weston,  on  the  western  bor 
der  of  Missouri,  in  the  interest  of  slavery  ;  and  it  published,  through 
the  organ  of  the  president  of  the  United  States  at  that  place,  a  reso 
lution,  that  "  when  called  upon  by  any  citizen  of  Kansas,  its  mem 
bers  would  hold  themselves  in  readiness  to  assist  in  removing  any 
and  all  emigrants  who  should  go  there  under  the  aid  of  northern 
emigrant  societies."  This  association  afterward  often  made  good  its 
atrocious  threats,  by  violence  against  the  property,  peace  and  lives 
of  unoffending  citizens  of  Kansas.  But  the  president  of  the  United 
States,  so  far  from  denouncing  it,  does  not  even  note  its  existence. 

The  majority  of  the  committee  on  territories  ingeniously  elaborate 
the  president's  charge,  and  arraign  Massachusetts,  her  Emigrant  Aid 
Society,  and  her  emigrants.  What  has  Massachusetts  done  worthy 
of  censure  ?  Before  the  Kansas  organic  law  was  passed  by  con 
gress,  Massachusetts,  on  application,  granted  to  some  of  her  citizens, 


THE   PRESIDENT   AND    KANSAS.  491 

who  were  engaged  in  "  taking  up  "  new  lands  in  western  regions, 
one  of  those  common  charters  which  are  used  by  all  associations — 
industrial,  moral,  social,  scientific  and  religious — now-a-days,  instead 
of  copartnerships,  for  the  more  convenient  transaction  of  their  fiscal 
affairs.  The  actual  capital  is  some  sixty  thousand  dollars.  Neither 
the  granting  of  the  charter,  nor  any  legislative  action  of  the  associa 
tion  under  it,  was  morally  wrong.  To  emigrate  from  one  state  or 
territory  singly,  or  in  company  with  others,  with  .or  without  incorpo 
ration  by  statute,  is  a  right  of  every  citizen  of  the  United  States,  as 
it  is  a  right  of  every  freeman  in  the  world.  The  state  that  denies 
this  right  is  a  tyranny — the  subject  to  whom  it  is  denied  is  a  slave. 
Such  free  emigration  is  the  chief  element  of  American  progress  and 
civilization.  Without  it,  there  could  be  no  community,  no  political 
territory,  no  state  in  Kansas.  Without  it,  there  could  have  been  no 
United  States  of  America.  To  retain  and  carry  into  Kansas  cher 
ished  political,  as  well  as  moral,  social,  and  religious  convictions,  is 
a  right  of  every  emigrant.  Must  emigrants  to  that  territory  carry 
there  only  their  persons,  and  leave  behind  their  minds  and  souls, 
disembodied  and  wandering  in  their  native  lands  ?  They  only  are 
fit  founders  of  a  state  who  exercise  independence  of  opinion;  and  it 
is  to  the  exercise  of  that  right  that  our  new  states,  equally  with  all 
the  older  ones,  owe  their  intelligence  and  vigor. 

"  There  are,  who,  distant  from  their  native  soil, 
Still  for  their  own  and  country's  glory  toil ; 
While  some,  fast  rooted  to  their  parent  spot, 
In  life  are  useless,  and  in  death  forgot." 

It  is  not  morally  wrong  for  Massachusetts  to  aid  her  sons,  by  a 
charter,  to  do  what  in  itself  is  innocent  and  commendable.  The 
president  and  the  majority  of  the  committee  maintain  that  such  asso 
ciations  are  in  violation  of  national  or  at  least  of  international  laws. 
Here  is  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  and  here  are  the 
statutes  at  large,  in  ten  volumes  octavo.  Let  the  president  or  his 
defenders  point  out  the  inhibition.  They  specify,  particularly,  that  the 
action  of  the  state  violates  a  law  of  comity,  which  regulates  the  inter 
course  of  independent  states,  and  especially  the  intercourse  between 
the  members  of  the  Federal  Union.  Here  are  Yattel  and  Burlama- 
qui.  Let  them  point  out  in  these  pages  this  law  of  comity.  There 
is  no  law  of  comity  which  forbids  nations  from  permitting  and 
encouraging  emigration,  on  the  ground  of  opinion.  Moreover, 


492  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

slavery  is  an  outlaw  under  tlie  law  of  nations.  Still  further,  the 
constitution  of  the  United  States  has  expressly  incorporated  into 
itself  all  of  the  laws  of  comity,  for  regulating  the  intercourse  be 
tween  independent  states,  wliich  it  deems  proper  to  adopt.  What 
ever  is  forbidden  expressly  by  the  constitution  is  unlawful.  Whatever 
is  not  forbidden  is  lawful.  The  supposed  law  of  comity  is  not  incor 
porated  into  the  constitution. 

With  the  aid  of  the  committee  on  territories,  we  discover  that  the 
emigrants  from  Massachusetts  have  violated  the  supposed  national 
laws,  riot  by  any  unlawful  conduct  of  their  own,  but  by  provoking 
the  unlawful  and  flagitious  conduct  of  the  invaders  of  Kansas. 

"They  passed  through  Missouri  in  large  numbers,  using  violent  language,  and 
giving  unmistakable  indications  of  their  hostility  to  the  domestic  institutions  of 
that  state,"  and  thus  "  they  created  apprehensions  that  the  object  of  the  Emigrant 
Aid  company  was  to  abolitionize  Kansas,  as  a  means  of  prosecuting  a  relentless 
warfare  upon  the  institution  of  slavery  within  the  limits  of  Missouri,  which  appre 
hensions,  increasing  with  the  progress  of  events,  ultimately  became  settled  con 
victions  of  the  people  of  western  Missouri. 

Missouri  builds  railroads,  steamboats  and  wharves.  It  cannot  be, 
therefore,  that  the  mere  "largeness  of  the  numbers"  of  the  eastern 
travelers  offended  or  alarmed  the  borderers.  I  confess  my  surprise 
that  the  sojourners  used  violent  language.  It  seems  unlike  them.  I 
confess  my  greater  surprise  that  the  borderers  were  disturbed  so 
deeply  by  mere  words.  It  seems  unlike  them.  Which  of  the 
domestic  institutions  of  Missouri  were  those  against  which  the  travel 
ers  manifested  determined  hostility?  Not  certainly  her  manufacto 
ries,  banks,  railroads,  churches  and  schools.  All  these  are  domestic 
institutions  held  in  high  respect  by  the  men  of  Massachusetts, 
and  just  such  ones  as  these  emigrants  are  now  establishing  in 
Kansas.  It  was  therefore  African  slavery  alone,  a  peculiar  domestic 
institution  of  Missouri,  against  which  their  hostility  was  directed. 
Waiving  a  suspicious  want  of  proof  of  the  unwise  conduct  charged 
against  them,  I  submit  that  clearly  they  did  not  thereby  endanger 
that  peculiar  institution  in  Missouri,  for  they  passed  directly  through 
that  state  into  Kansas.  How,  then,  were  the  borderers  provoked  ? 
The  Missourians  inferred,  from  the  language  and  demeanor  of  the 
travelers,  that  they  would  abolitionize  Kansas,  and  thereafter,  by 
means  of  Kansas  abolitionized,  prosecute  a  relentless  warfare  against 
slavery  in  Missouri.  Far-seeing  statesmen  are  these  Missouri  bor- 


MISSOURI   AND    KANSAS.  493 

derers,  but  less  deliberate  than  far-sighted.  Kansas  was  not  to  be 
abolitionized.  It  had  never  been  otherwise  than  abolitionized. 
Abolitionzed  Kansas  would  constitute  no  means  for  the  prosecution 
of  such  a  warfare.  Missouri  lies  adjacent  to  abolitionized  Iowa  on 
the  north,  and  to  abolitionized  Illinois  on  the  east,  yet  neither  of  those 
states  has  ever  been  used  for  such  designs.  How  could  this  ft-arful 
enemy  prosecute  a  warfare  against  slavery  in  Missouri  ?  Only  by 
buying  the  plantations  of  her  citizens  at  their  own  prices,  and  so 
qualifying  themselves  to  speak  their  hostility  through  the  ballot- 
boxes?  Could  apprehensions  so  absurd  justify  the  invasion  of  Kan 
sas?  Are  the  people  of  Kansas  to  be  disfranchised  and  trodden 
down  by  the  president  of  the  United  States,  in  punishment  for  any 
extravagance  of  emigrants,  in  Missouri,  on  the  way  to  that  territory  ? 

Such  is  the  president's  second  defense,  so  far  as  it  presents  new 
matter  in  avoidance  of  the  accusation  of  the  new  state  of  Kansas. 

I  proceed,  in  the  third  place,  to  establish  the  truth  of  the  accusations. 
Of  what  sort  must  the  proofs  be  ?  Manifestly  only  such  as  the  circum 
stances  of  the  case  permit  to  exist.  Not  engrossed  documents,  authen 
ticated  by  executive,  judicial  or  legislative  officers.  The  transactions 
occurred  in  an  unorganized  country.  All  the  authorities  subse 
quently  established  in  the  territory  are  implicated,  all  the  complain 
ants  disfranchised.  Only  presumptive  evidence,  derived  from  the 
cotemporaneous  statements  and  actions  of  the  parties  concerned, 
can  be  required. 

Such  presumptive  evidence  is  derived  from  the  nature  and  charac 
ter  of  the  president's  defenses.  Why  did  the  president  plead  at  all 
on  the  thirty-first  of  December  last,  when  the  new  state  of  Kansas 
was  yet  unorganized,  and  could  not  appear  here  to  prefer  her  accu 
sations  until  the  twenty-third  of  March  ?  Why,  if  he  must  answer 
so  prematurely,  did  he  not  plead  a  general  and  direct  denial  ?  If  he 
must  plead  specially,  why  did  he  not  set  forth  the  facts,  instead  of 
withholding  all  actual  information  concerning  the  case?  Why, 
since,  instead  of  defending  himself,  he  must  implead  his  accuser,  did 
he  not  state  at  least  the  ground  on  which  that  accuser  claimed  to 
justify  the  conduct  of  which  he  complained  ?  .Why  did  he  threaten 
"  to  overcome  and  suppress  "  the  people  of  Kansas  as  insurrectionists, 
if  he  did  not  mean  to  terrify  them  and  to  prevent  their  appearing 
here,  or  at  least  to  prejudice  their  cause  ?  Why  did  he  mock  them 
with  a  promise  of  protection  thereafter  against  interference  by  citi- 


SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

2ens  of  other  states,  if  they  should  deport  themselves  peacefully  and 
submissively  to  the  territorial  authorities,  if  no  cause  for  apprehend 
ing  such  interference  had  already  been  given  by  previous  invasion  ? 
Why  did  he  labor  to  embarrass  his  accuser  by  identifying  her  cause 
with  the  subject  of  abolition  of  slavery,  and  stigmatize  her  support 
ers  with  opprobrious  epithets,  and  impute  to  them  depraved  and 
seditious  motives?  Why  did  he  interpose  the  false  and  impertinent 
issue,  whether  one  state  could  intervene  by  its  laws  or  by  force  to 
abolish  slavery  in  another  state?  Why  did  he  distort  the  constitu 
tion,  and  present  it  as  expressly  guarantying  the  perpetuity  of  slavery  ? 
Why  did  he  arraign  so  unnecessarily  and  so  unjustly,  not  one,  but 
all  of  the  original  northern  states?  Why  did  he  drag  into  this  case, 
where  only  Kansas  is  concerned,  a  studied,  partial  and  prejudicial 
history  of  the  past  enlargements  of  the  national  domain,  and  of  the 
past  contests  between  the  slave  states  and  the  free  states  in  their 
rivalry  for  the  balance  of  power? 

Why  did  not  the  president  rest  content  with  one  such  attack  on 
the  character  and  conduct  of  the  new  state  of  Kansas,  in  anticipating 
her  coming,  if  he  felt  assured  that  she  really  had  no  merit  on  which 
to  stand  ?  Why  did  he  submit  a  second  plea  in  advance  ?  Why  in 
this  plea  does  he  deplore  the  delays  which  prevented  the  Missouri 
borderers  from  effecting  the  conquest  of  Kansas,  and  the  establish 
ment  of  slavery  therein,  at  the  time  of  the  congressional  election 
held  in  November,  1854,  in  fraud  of  the  Kansas  law  and  of  justice 
and  humanity  ?  Why,  without  reason  or  authority  of  public  or  of 
national  law,  does  he  denounce  Massachusetts,  her  emigrant  aid 
society  and  her  emigrants  ?  If  "propagandist"  emigrations  must  be 
denounced,  why  does  he  spare  the  Platte  County  Self-Defensive  Asso 
ciation?  Why  does  he  charge  Governor  Eeeder  with  "failing  to 
put  forth  all  his  energies  to  prevent  or  counteract  the  tendencies  to 
illegality  which  are  found  to  exist  in  all  imperfectly  organized  and 
newly  associated  countries,"  if,  indeed,  no  "illegality  "  has  occurred 
there?  While  thus,  by  implication,  admitting  that  such  illegality 
has  occurred  in  Kansas,  why  does  he  not  tell  us  its  nature  and 
extent  ?  Why,  when  Governor  Eeeder  was  implicated  in  personal 
conduct,  not  criminal,  but  incongruous  with  his  official  relations,  did 
the  president  retain  him  in  office  until  after  he  had  proclaimed  at 
Easton  that  Kansas  had  been  subjugated  by  the  borderers  of  Mis 
souri,  and  why,  after  he  had  done  so,  and  had  denounced  the  legis- 


THE    PRESIDENT   AND    KANSAS.  495 

lature.  did  the  president  remove  him  for  the  same  preexisting  cause 
only  ?  Why  does  the  president  admit  that  the  election  for  the  legis 
lative  bodies  of  Kansas  was  held  under  circumstances  inauspicious 
to  a  truthful  and  legal  result,  if,  nevertheless,  the  result  attained  was 
indeed  a  truthful  and  legal  one  ?  On  what  evidence  does  the  presi 
dent  ground  his  statement,  that,  after  that  election,  there  were  mutual 
complaints  of  usurpation,  fraud  and  violence,  when  we  hear  from  no 
other  quarter  of  such  complaints  made  by  the  party  that  prevailed? 
If  there  were  such  mutual  accusations,  and  even  if  they  rested  on 
probable  grounds,  would  that  fact  abate  the  right  of  the  people  of 
Kansas  to  a  government  of  their  own,  securing  a  safe  and  well 
ordered  freedom  ?  Why  does  the  president  argue  that  the  governor 
[Mr.  REEDER]  alone  had  the  power  to  receive  and  consider  the 
returns  of  the  election  of  the  legislative  bodies,  and  that  he  certified 
those  returns  in  fifteen  out  of  the  twenty- two  districts,  when  he 
knows  that  the  governor,  being  his  own  agent,  gave  the  certificates, 
on  the  ground  that  the  returns  were  technically  correct,  and  that  the 
illegality  complained  of  was  in  the  conduct  of  the  elections,  and  in 
the  making  up  of  the  returns  by  the  judges,  and  that  the  terror  of 
the  armed  invasion  prevented  all  complaints  of  this  kind  from  being- 
presented  to  the  governor?  Why  does  the  president  repose  on  the 
fact  that  the  governor,  on  the  ground  of  informality  in  the  returns, 
rejected  the  members  who  were  chosen  in  the  seven  other  districts, 
and  ordered  new  elections  therein,  and  certified  in  favor  of  the  per 
sons  then  chosen,  when  he  knows  that  the  majority,  elected  in  the 
fifteen  districts,  expelled  at  once  the  persons  chosen  at  such  second 
elections,  and  admitted  those  originally  returned  as  elected  in  these 
seven  districts,  on  the  ground  that  the  governor's  rejection  of  them, 
and  the  second  elections  which  he  ordered,  were  unauthorized  and 
illegal  ?  Why  does  the  president,  although  omitting  to  mention  this 
last  fact,  nevertheless  justify  the  expulsion  of  these  newly  elected 
members,  on  the  ground  that  it  was  authorized  by  parliamentary  law, 
when  he  knows  that  there  was  no  parliamentary  or  other  law  exist 
ing  in  the  territory,  but  the  organic  act  of  congress,  which  conferred 
no  such  power  on  the  legislature?  Why  was  Governor  Reeder 
replaced  'by  Mr.  Shannon,  who  immediately  proclaimed  that  the 
legislative  bodies  which  his  predecessor  had  denounced,  were  the 
legitimate  legislature  of  the  territory  ?  Why  does  the  president 
plead  that  the  subject  of  the  alleged  Missourian  usurpation  and 


496  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

tyranny  in  Kansas,  was  one  which,  by  its  nature,  appertained  exclu 
sively  to  the  jurisdiction  of  the  local  authorities  of  the  territory, 
when,  if  the  charges  were  true,  there  were  no  legitimate  local  autho 
rities  within  the  territory  ?  Is  a  foreign  usurpation  in  a  defenseless 
territory  of  the  United  States  to  be  tolerated,  if  only  it  be  successful  ? 
And  is  the  government  de  facto,  by  whomsoever  usurped,  and  with 
whatever  tyranny  exercised,  entitled  to  demand  obedience  from  the 
people,  and  to  be  recognized  by  the  president  of  the  United  States  ? 
Why  does  he  plead  that  "  whatever  irregularities  may  have  occurred, 
it  is  now  too  late  to  raise  the  question?"  Is  there  nothing  left  but 
endurance  to  citizens  of  the  United  States,  constituting  a  whole 
political  community  of  men,  women  and  children — an.  incipient 
American  state — subjugated  and  oppressed?  Must  they  sit  down  in 
peace,  abandoned,  contented  and  despised?  Why  does  he  plead  that 
"at  least  it  is  a  question  as  to  which,  neither  now  nor  at  any  previ 
ous  time,  has  the  least  possible  legal  authority  been  possessed  by  the 
president  of  the  United  States?"  Did  any  magistrate  ever  before 
make  such  an  exhibition  of  ambitious  imbecility  ?  Cannot  congress 
clothe  him  with  power  to  act,  and  is  it  not  his  duty  to  ask  power  to 
remove  usurpation  and  subvert  tyranny  in  a  territory  of  the  United 
States  ?  Are  these  the  tone,  the  tenor,  and  the  staple  of  a  defense, 
where  the  accused  is  guiltless  aad  the  crimes  charged  were  never 
committed.  The  president  virtually  confesses  all  the  transactions 
charged,  by  thus  presenting  a  connected  system  of  maxims  and  prin 
ciples,  invented  to  justify  them. 

I  proceed,  however,  to  clinch  conviction  by  direct  and  positive 
proofs  :  First,  the  statements  of  the  party  which  has  been  overborne. 
General  Pomeroy  and  his  associates,  in  behalf  of  the  state  of  Kansas, 
make  this  representation  concerning  the  congressional  election  held 
in  the  territory  on  the  30th  November,  1854 : 

"  The  first  ballot-box  that  was  opened  upon  our  virgin  soil,  was  closed  to  us 
by  overpowering  numbers  and  impending  force.  So  bold  and  reckless  were  our 
invaders,  that  they  cared  not  to  conceal  their  attack.  They  came  upon  us,  not  in 
the  guise  of  voters  to  steal  away  our  franchise,  but  boldly  and  openly  to  snatch  it 
with  a  strong  hand.  They  came  directly  from  their  own  homes,  and  in  compact 
and  organized  bands,  with  arms  in  hand  and  provisions  for  the  expedition,  marched 
to  our  polls,  and,  when  their  work  was  done,  returned  whence  they  came.  It  is 
unnecessary  to  enter  into  the  details ;  it  is  enough  to  say  that  in  three  districts  in 
which,  by  the  most  irrefragable  evidence,  there  were  not  one  hundred  and  fifty 
voters,  most  of  whom  refused  to  participate  in  the  mockery  of  the  elective  fran 
chise,  these  invaders  polled  over  a  thousand  votes. 


THE    KANSAS   ELECTIONS.  497 

In  regard  to  the  election  of  the  30th  of  March,  1855,  the  same 
party  states : 

"  They  (the  Missourians)  arrived  at  their  several  destinations  the  night  before 
the  election,  and,  having  pitched  their  camps  and  placed  their  sentries,  waited  for 
the  coming  day.  Baggage  wagons  were  there,  with  arms  and  ammunition  enough 
for  a  protracted  fight,  and  among  them  two  brass  field  pieces,  ready  charged. 
They  came  with  drums  beating  and  flags  flying,  and  their  leaders  were  of  the 
most  prominent  and  conspicuous  men  of  their  respective  states.  In  the  morning 
they  surrounded  the  polls,  armed  with  guns,  bowie-knives  and  revolvers,  and 
declared  their  determination  to  vote  at  all  hazards  and  in  spite  of  all  consequences. 
If  the  judges  could  be  made  to  subserve  their  purposes  and  receive  their  votes 
and  if  no  obstacle  was  cast  in  their  way,  their  leaders  exerted  themselves  to  pre 
serve  peace  and  order  in  the  conduct  of  the  election,  but  at  the  same  time  did  not 
hesitate  to  declare,  that  if  not  allowed  to  vote,  they  would  proceed  to  any  extre 
mity  in  destruction  of  property  and  life.  If  the  control  of  the  polls  could  not  be 
had  otherwise,  the  judges  were  by  intimidation,  and,  if  necessary,  by  violence, 
prevented  from  performing  their  duty,  or,  if  unyielding  in  this  respect,  were  driven 
from  their  post,  and  the  vacancy  filled  in  form  by  the  persons  on  the  ground;  and 
whenever  by  any  means  they  had  obtained  the  control  of  the  board,  the  foreign 
vote  was  promiscuously  poured  in,  without  discrimination  or  reserve,  or  the  slight 
est  care  to  conceal  its  nefarious  illegality.  At  one  of  the  polls,  two  of  the  judges 
having  manfully  stood  up  in  the  face  of  the  armed  mob,  and  declared  they  would 
do  their  duty,  one  portion  of  the  mob  commenced  to  tear  down  the  house,  another 
proceeded  to  break  in  the  door  of  the  judges'  room,  whilst  others,  with  drawn 
knives,  posted  themselves  at  the  window,  with  the  proclaimed  purpose  of  killing 
any  voter  who  would  allow  himself  to  be  sworn.  Voters  were  dragged  from  the 
window,  because  they  would  not  show  their  tickets,  or  vote  at  the  dictation  of  the 
mob  ;  and  the  invaders  declared  openly  at  the  polls  that  they  would  cut  the  throats 
of  the  judges  if  they  did  not  receive  their  votes  without  requiring  an  oath  as  to 
their  residence.  The  room  was  finally  forced,  and  the  judges,  surrounded  by  an 
armed  and  excited  crowd,  were  offered  the  alternative  of  resignation  or  death,  and 
five  minutes  were  allowed  for  their  decision.  The  ballot-box  was  seized,  and, 
amid  shouts  of  '  hurrah  for  Missouri,'  was  carried  into  the  mob.  The  two  menaced 
judges  then  left  the  ground,  together  with  all  the  resident  citizens,  except  a  few 
who  acted  in  the  outrage,  because  the  result  expected  from  it  corresponded  to 
their  own  views. 

"When  an  excess  of  the  foreign  force  was  found  to  be  had  at  one  poll,  detach 
ments  were  sent  to  the  others.  *  *  *  *  A  minister  of  the  gospel,  who 
refused  to  accede  to  the  demands  of  a  similar  mob  of  some  four  hundred  armed 
and  organized  men.  was  driven  by  violence  from  his  post,  and  the  vacancy  filled 
by  themselves.  *  *  *  *  Another  clergyman,  for  the  expression  of  his 
opinion,  was  assaulted  and  beaten.  *  *  *  *  The  inhabitants  of  the  district, 
powerless  to  resist  the  abundant  supply  of  arms  and  ammunition,  organized  pre 
paration,  and  overwhelming  numbers  of  the  foreigners  left  the  polls  without 
voting.  *  *  *  In  the  Lawrence  district,  one  voter  was  fired  at,  as  he  was 
driven  from  the  election  ground.  *  *  *  Finding  they  had  a  greater  force 
than  was  necessary  for  that  poll,  some  two  hundred  men  were  drafted  from  the- 

VOL.  IV.  03 


498  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

number,  and  sent  off  under  the  proper  officers  to  anoiliL-r  district,  after  which  they 
still  polled  from  this  camp  seven  hundred  votes.  *  *  *  In  the  fourth  and 
seventh  districts,  the  invaders  came  together  in  an  armed  and  organized  body, 
with  trains  of  fifty  wagons,  besides  horsemen,  and,  the  night  before  election, 
pitched  their  camps  in  the  vicinity  of  the  polls,  and  having  appointed  their  own 
judges,  in  place  of  those  who,  from  intimidation  or  otherwise,  failed  to  attend, 
they  voted  without  any  proof  of  residence.  In  these  two  election  districts,  where 
the  census  shows  one  hundred,  voters,  there  were  polled  three  hundred  and 
fourteen  votes,  and  last  fall  seven  hundred  and  sixty-five  votes,  although  a  large 
part  of  the  actual  residents  did  not  vote  on  either  occasion.  ***** 
From  a  careful  examination  of  the  returns,  we  are  satisfied  that  over  three  thou 
sand  votes  were  thus  cast  by  the  citizens  and  residents  of  the  states." 

I  place  in  opposition  to  these  statements  of  the  party  that  was 
overborne,  the  statements  of  the  party  that  prevailed,  beginning 
with  signals  of  the  attack,  and  ending  with  celebrations  of  the  vic 
tory. 

General  Stringfellow  addressed  the  invaders  in  Missouri,  on  the 
eve  of  the  election  of  March  30,  1855,  thus : 

"  To  those  who  have  qualms  of  conscience  as  to  violating  laws,  state  or  national, 
the  time  has  come  when  such  impositions  must  be  disregarded,  as  your  rights  and 
property  are  in  danger ;  and  I  advise  you,  one  and  all,  to  enter  every  election  dis 
trict  in  Kansas,  in  defiance  of  Reeder  and  his  vile  myrmidons,  and  vote  at  the 
point  of  the  bowie-knife  and  revolver.  Neither  give  r.or  take  quarter,  as  our  cause 
demands  it.  It  is  enough  that  the  slaveholding  interest  wills  it,  from  which  there 
is  no  appeal.  What  right  has  Governor  Reeder  to  rule  Missourians  in  Kansas  ? 
His  proclamation  and  prescribed  oatli  must  be  repudiated.  It  is  your  interest  to 
do  so.  Mind  that  slavery  is  established  where  it  is  not  prohibited/' 

The  Kansas  Herald,  an  organ  of  both  the  administration  and  the 
pro-slavery  party,  announced  the  result  of  the  legislative  election  in 
the  territory  immediately  afterwards,  as  follows : 

"  Yesterday  was  a  proud  and  glorious  day  for  the  friends  of  southern  rights. 
The  triumph  of  the  pro-slavery  party  is  complete  and  overwhelming.  Come 
on,  southern  men!  Bring  your  slaves,  and  fill  up  the  territory!  Kansas  is 
saved !" 

The  Squatter  Sovereign,  published  in  Missouri,  thus  announced 
the  result  of  the  election  the  day  after  it  closed : 

"INDEPENDENCE,  March  31,  1.855. 

"  Several  hundred  emigrants  from  Kansas  have  just  entered  our  city.  They 
were  preceded  by  the  Westport  and  Independence  brass  bands.  They  came  in 
at  the  west  side  of  the  public  square,  and  proceeded  entirely  around  it,  the  bands 
cheering  us  with  fine  music,  and  the  emigrants  with  good  news.  Immediately 


KANSAS   ELECTIONS.  499 

following  the  bands  were  about  two  hundred  horsemen  in  regular  order ;  follow 
ing  these  were  one  hundred  and  fifty  wagons,  carriages,  &c.  They  gave  repeated 
cheers  for  Kansas  and  Missouri.  They  report  that  not  an  anti-slavery  man  will 
be  in  the  legislature  of  Kansas.  We  have  made  a  clean  sweep." 

A  .letter  written  at  Brunswick,  in  Missouri,  dated  April  20th,  1855, 
and  published  in  the  New  York  Herald,  a  pro-slavery  journal,  says: 

"  From  five  to  seven  thousand  men  started  from  Missouri  to  attend  the  elec 
tion,  some  to  remove,  but  the  most  to  return  to  their  families,  with  an  inten 
tion,  if  they  liked  the  territory,  to  make  it  their  permanent  abode,  at  the  earliest 
moment  practicable.  But  they  intended  to  vote.  The  Missourians  were,  many 
of  them,  Douglas  men.  There  were  one  hundred  and  fifty  voters  from  this 
county,  one  hundred  and  seventy-five  from  Howard,  one  hundred  from  Cooper. 
Indeed,  every  county  furnished  its  quota ;  and  when  they  set  out  it  looked  like 
an  army.  *  *  They  were  armed.  *  *  *  And,  as  there  were  no  houses 
in  the  territory,  they  carried  tents.  Their  mission  was  a  peaceable  one — to  vote, 
and  to  drive  down  stakes  for  their  future  homes.  After  the  election,  some  one 
thousand  five  hundred  of  the  voters  sent  a  committee  to  Mr.  Reeder,  to  ascertain 
if  it  was  his  purpose  to  ratify  the  election.  He  answered  that  it  was,  and  said 
the  majority  at  an  election  must  carry  the  day.  But  it  is  not  to  be  denied  that 
the  one  thousand  five  hundred,  apprehending  that  the  governor  might  attempt 
to  play  the  tyrant — since  his  conduct  had  already  been  insidious  and  unjust — 
wore  on  their  hats  bunches  of  hemp.  They  were  resolved,  if  a  tyrant  attempted 
to  trample  upon  the  rights  of  the  sovereign  people,  to  hang  him." 

On  the  29th  of  May,  1855,  the  Squatter  Sovereign,  an  organ  of 
the  invasion  in  Missouri,  thus  gave  utterance  to  its  spirit : 

"  From  reports  now  received  of  Reeder,  he  never  intends  returning  to  our  bor 
ders.  Should  he  do  so,  we,  without  hesitation,  say  that  our  people  ought  to  hang 
him  by  the  neck,  like  a  traitorous  dog  as  he  is,  so  soon  as  he  puts  his  unhallowed 
feet  upon  our  shores.  Vindicate  your  characters  and  the  territory ;  and,  should 
the  ungrateful  dog  dare  to  come  among  us  again,  hang  him  to  the  first  rotten 
tree.  A  military  force  to  protect  the  ballot-box !  Let  President  Pierce  or  Gover 
nor  Reeder,  or  any  other  power,  attempt  such  a  course,  in  this  or  any  portion  of 
the  Union,  and  that  day  will  never  be  forgotten." 

Governor  Reeder,  at  Easton,  in  Pennsylvania,  on  his  first  return 
to  that  place  after  the  elections,  declared  the  same  result  in  frank 
and  candid  words,  which  cost  him  his  office,  namely : 

"  It  was  indeed  too  true  that  Kansas  had  been  invaded,  conquered,  subjugated, 
by  an  armed  force  from  beyond  her  borders,  led  on  by  a  fanatical  spirit,  trampling 
under  foot  the  principles  of  the  Kansas  bill  and  the  right  of  suffrage." 

David  K.  Atchison,  a  direct  and  out-spoken  man,  who  never 
shrinks  from  responsibility,  and  who  is  confessedly  eminent  at  once 


500  SPEECHES  IN   THE    UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

as  a  political  leader  in  Missouri,  and  as  a  leader  of  the  pro-slavery 
movement  therein  directed  against  Kansas,  in  a  speech  reported  as 
having  been  made  to  his  fellow  citizens,  and  which,  so  far  as  I  know, 
has  not  been  disavowed,  said  : 

"  I  saw  it  with  my  own  eyes.  These  men  came  with  the  avowed  purpose  of 
driving  or  expelling  you  from  the  territory.  What  did  I  advise  you  to  do  ?  Why, 
meet  them  at  their  own  game.  When  the  first  election  came  off,  I  told  you  to 
go  over  and  vote.  You  did  so,  and  beat  them.  We,  our  party  in  Kansas,  nomi 
nated  General  Whitfield.  They,  the  abolitionists,  nominated  Flenniken ;  not 
Flanegan,  for  Flanegan  was  a  good,  honest  man,  but  Flenniken,  Well,  the  next 
day  after  the  election,  that  same  Flenniken,  with  three  hundred  of  his  voters,  left 
the  territory,  and  has  never  returned — no,  never  returned !  Well,  what  next  ? 
Why,  an  election  for  members  of  the  legislature,  to  organize  the  territory,  must 
be  held.  What  did  I  advise  you  to  do  then  ?  Why,  meet  them  on  their  own 
ground,  and  beat  them  at  their  own  game  again ;  and,  cold  and  inclement  as  the 
weather  was,  I  went  over  with  a  company  of  men.  My  object  in  going  was  not 
to  vote ;  I  had  not  a  right  to  vote,  unless  J  had  disfranchised  myself  in  Missouri. 
I  was  not  within  two  miles  of  a  voting  place.  My  object  in  going  was  not  to 
vote,  but  to  settle  a  difficulty  between  two  of  our  candidates;  and  abolitionists  of 
the  north  said  and  published  it  abroad  that  Atchison  was  there  with  bowie-knife 
and  revolver,  and  by  God  'twas  true.  I  never  did  go  into  that  territory,  I  never 
intended  to  go  into  that  territory,  without  being  prepared  for  all  such  kind  of 
cattle.  Well,  we  beat  them  ;  and  Governor  Reeder  gave  certificates  to  a  majority 
of  all  the  members  of  both  houses;  and  then,  after  they  were  organized,  as  every 
body  will  admit,  they  were  the  only  competent  persons  to  say  who  were  and 
who  were  not  members  of  the  same." 

A  tree  is  known  by  its  fruits.  If  Missourians  voted  in  Kansas,  it 
would  be  expected  that  the  ballots  deposited  would  exceed  the  num 
ber  of  electors.  Just  so  it  was.  We  have  seen  that  it  was  so 
asserted.  The  executive  journal,  recently  obtained,  proves  that  in 
four  districts,  where  the  results  were  not  contested,  two  thousand 
nine  hundred  and  sixty-four  votes  were  cast  on  the  30th  of  March, 
although  only  one  thousand  three  hundred  and  sixty-five  voters 
were  there,  as  ascertained  by  the  census.  Again  :  The  legislature, 
chosen  on  the  30th  of  March,  1855,  withdrew  from  the  interior  of 
the  territory  to  a  place  inconvenient  to  its  citizens,  and  on  the  bor 
der  of  Missouri.  There  that  legislature  enacted  laws  to  this  effect, 
namely:  Forbidding  the  speaking,  writing,  or  printing,  or  publish 
ing  of  anything,  in  any  form,  calculated  to  disaffect  slaves,  or  induce 
them  to  escape,  under  pain  of  not  less  than  five  years'  imprison 
ment  with  hard  labor ;  and  forbidding  free  persons  from  maintaining 
by  speech,  writing,  or  printing,  or  publishing,  that  slaves  cannot 


THE   KANSAS   LAWS.  501 

lawfully  be  held  in  the  territory,  under  pain  of  imprisonment  and 
hard  labor  two  years. 

The  legislature  further  enacted,  that  no  persons  "conscientiously 
opposed  to  holding  slaves,"  or  entertaining  doubts  of  the  legal  exis 
tence  of  slavery  in  Kansas,  shall  sit  as  a  juror  in  the  trial  of  any 
cause  founded  on  a  breach  of  the  laws  which  I  have  described. 
They  further  provided,  that  all  officers  and  attorneys  should  be 
sworn,  not  only  to  support  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  but 
also  to  support  and  sustain  the  organic  law  of  the  territory,  and  the 
fugitive  slave  law;  and  that  any  persons  offering  to  vote  shall  be 
presumed  to  be  entitled  to  vote  until  the  contrary  is  shown ;  and  if 
any  one,  when  required,  shall  refuse  to  take  an  oath  to  sustain  the 
fugitive  slave  law,  he  shall  not  be  permitted  to  vote.  Although 
they  passed  a  law  that  none  but  an  inhabitant  who  had  paid  a  tax 
should  vote,  yet  they  made  no  time  of  residence  necessary,  and  pro 
vided  for  the  immediate  payment  of  a  poll  tax ;  so  virtually  declar 
ing  that  on  the  eve  of  an  election  the  people  of  a  neighboring  state 
can  come  in,  in  unlimited  numbers,  and  by  taking  up  a  residence  of 
a  day  or  an  hour,  pay  a  poll  tax,  and  thus  become  legal  voters,  and 
then,  after  voting,  return  to  their  own  state.  They  thus,  in  practi 
cal  eifect,  provided  for  the  people  of  Missouri  to  control  future  elec 
tions  at  their  pleasure,  and  permitted  such  only  of  the  real  inhabi 
tants  of  the  territory  to  vote  as  are  friendly  to  the  holding  of  slaves. 

They  permitted  no  election  of  any  of  the  officers  in  the  territory  to 
be  made  by  the  people  thereof,  but  created  the  offices,  and  filled 
them,  or  appointed  officers  to  fill  them,  for  long  periods.  They 
provided  that  the  next  annual  election  should  be  held  in  October, 
1856,  and  the  assembly  should  meet  in  January,  1857 ;  so  that  none 
of  these  laws  could  be  changed  until  the  lower  house  might  be 
changed,  in  1856 ;  but  the  council,  which  is  elected  for  two  years, 
could  not  be  changed  so  as  to  allow  a  change  of  the  laws  or  officers 
until  the  session  of  1858,  however  much  the  inhabitants  of  the  ter 
ritory  might  desire  it.  How  forcibly  do  these  laws  illustrate  that 
old  political  maxim  of  the  English  nation,  that  a  parliament  called 
by  a  conqueror  is  itself  conquered  and  enslaved !  Who  but  foreign 
ers,  usurpers,  and  tyrants,  could  have  made  for  the  people  of  Kansas 
— a  people  "  perfectly  free  " — such  laws  as  these.  Anatomists  will 
describe  the  instrument,  and  even  the  force  of  the  blow,  if  only  you 
show  them  the  wound. 


502  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

Behold  the  proofs  on  which  the  allegations  of  invasion,  usurpation, 
and  tyranny,  made  by  the  new  state  of  Kansas,  rest.  They  are : 
First.  The  president's  own  virtual  admission,  by  defenses  indirect, 
irrelevant,  ill-tempered,  sophistical,  and  evasive.  Second.  An  abso 
lute  agreement,  concurrence,  and  harmony,  between  the  statements 
of  the  conflicting  parties  who  were  engaged  in  the  transactions 
involved.  Third.  The  consequences  of  those  transactions  exactly 
such  as  must  follow,  if  the  accusations  be  true,  and  such  as  could  not 
result  if  they  be  false.  A  few  words,  however,  must  be  added,  to 
bring  more  distinctly  into  view  the  president's  complicity  in  these 
transactions,  and  to  establish  his  responsibility  therefor.  The  presi 
dent  openly  lent  his  official  influence  and  patronage  to  the  slavehold 
ers  of  Missouri,  to  effect  the  abrogation  of  the  prohibition  of  slavery 
in  Kansas,  contained  in  the  act  of  congress  of  1820.  He  knew  their 
purposes  in  regard  to  the  elections  in  Kansas.  He  never  interfered 
to  prevent,  to  defeat,  or  to  hinder  them.  He  employed  his  official 
patronage  to  aid  them.  He  now  defends  and  protects  the  usurpation 
and  tyranny,  established  by  the  invaders  in  Kansas,  with  all  the 
influence  of  his  exalted  station,  and  even  with  the  military  power 
of  the  republic ;  and  he  argues  the  duty  of  the  people  there  to  sub 
mit  to  the  forcible  establishment  of  slavery,  in  violation  of  the 
national  pledge,  which  he  concurred  in  giving,  that  they  should  be 
left  perfectly  free  to  reject  and  exclude  that  justly  obnoxious  system. 
It  thus  appears  that  the  president  of  the  United  States  holds  the 
people  of  Kansas  prostrated  and  enslaved  at  his  feet. 

To  complete  the  painful  account  of  this  great  crime,  it  is  necessary 
now  to  add  that  there  has  not  been  one  day  nor  night,  since  the 
government  of  Kansas  was  constituted  and  confided  to  the  president 
of  the  United  States,  in  which  either  the  properties  or  the  liberties, 
or  even  the  lives,  of  its  citizens  have  been  secure  against  the  violence 
and  vengeance  of  the  extreme  foreign  faction  which  he  upholds  and 
protects.  At  this  day,  Kansas  is  becoming  more  distinctly  than 
before,  the  scene  of  a  conflict  of  irreconcilable  opinions,  to  be  deter 
mined  by  brute  force.  No  immigrant  goes  there  unarmed,  no  citizen 
dwells  there  in  safety  unarmed ;  armed  masses  of  men  are  proceed 
ing  into  the  territory,  from  various  parts  of  the  United  States,  to 
complete  the  work  of  invasion  and  tyranny  which  he  has  thus 
begun,  under  circumstances  of  fraud  and  perfidy  unworthy  of  the 
character  of  a  ruler  of  a  free  people.  This  gathering  conflict  in 


KANSAS   AND   THE    PRESIDENT.  503 

Kansas  divides  the  sympathies,  interests,  passions,  ana  prejudices, 
of  the  people  of  the  United  States.  Whether,  under  such  circum 
stances,  it  can  be  circumscribed  within  the  limits  of  the  territory  of 
Kansas,  must  be  determined  by  statesmen,  from  their  knowledge 
of  the  courses  of  civil  commotions,  which  have  involved  questions 
of  moral  right  and  conscientious  duty,  as  well  as  balances  of  politi 
cal  power.  Whether,  on  the  other  hand,  the  people  of  Kansas, 
under  these  circumstances,  will  submit  to  this  tyranny  of  a  citizen 
of  the  United  States  like  themselves,  whose  term  of  political  power 
is  nearly  expired,  can  be  determined  by  considering  it  in  the  aspect 
in  which  it  is  viewed  by  themselves.  Speechless  here,  as  they  yet 
are,  I  give  utterance  to  their  united  voices,  and,  holding  in  my  hand 
the  arraignment  of  George  III,  by  the  congress  of  1776,  I  impeach 
— in  the  words  of  that  immortal  text — the  president  of  the  United 
States : 

4'  He  has  refused  to  pass  laws  for  the  accommodation  of  the  people  unless  they 
would  relinquish  the  right  of  representation  in  their  legislature — a  right  inesti 
mable  to  them,  and  formidable  to  tyrants  only ; 

"He  has  called  together  legislative  bodies  at  a  place  unusual, 'uncomfortable, 
and  distant  from  the  depository  of  their  public  records,  for  the  sole  purpose  of 
fatiguing  them  into  compliance  with  his  measures; 

"  He  has  prevented  legislative  houses  from  being  elected,  for  no  other  cause 
than  his  conviction  that  they  "  would  oppose  with  manly  firmness  his  invasions  on 
the  rights  of  the  people ; 

''He  has  refused  fora  long  time,  after"  spurious  legislative  houses  were  im 
posed  by  himself,  by  usurpation,  on  the  people  of  Kansas.  "  to  cause  others  to 
be  elected,  whereby  the  legislative  powers,  incapable  of  annihilation,  have  re 
turned  to  the  people  at  large,  for  their  exercise,  the  state  remaining  in  the  mean 
time  exposed  to  all  the  danger  of  invasion  from  without,  and  civil  war  within  ; 

"  He  has  created  a  multitude  of  new  offices,  and  sent  hither  swarms  of  officers, 
to  harass  the  people,  and  eat  out  their  substance ; 

"  He  has  kept  among  us,  in  times  of  peace,  standing  armies,  to  compel  our  sub 
mission  to  a  foreign  "  legislature,  "  and  has  affected  to  render  the  military  inde 
pendent  of,  and  superior  to,  the  civil  power; 

"  He  has  combined  with  others  to  subject  us  to  a  jurisdiction  foreign  to  our 
constitution,  and  unacknowledged  by  our  laws,  giving  his  assent  to  their  acts  of 
pretended  legislation  ; 

"For  protecting"  invaders  of  Kansas  "from  punishment  for  any  murders 
which  they  shall  commit  on  the  inhabitants  "  of  this  territory ; 

"  For  abolishing  the  free  system  of  American  law  in  "  this  territory,  "  establish 
ing  therein  an  arbitrary  government,  so  as  to  render  it  at  once  an  example  and 
fit  instrument  for  introducing  the  same  absolute  rule  into"  other  territories ; 

"For  taking  away  our  charter,  abolishing  our  most  valuable  laws,  and  altering 
fundamentally  the  powers  of  our  government ; 


504  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

"For  suspending  our  own  legislature,  and  declaring"  an  usurping  legislature, 
constituted  by  himself,  "  invested  with  power  to  legislate  for  us  in  all  cases  what 
soever." 

What  is  wanting  here  to  fill  up  the  complement  of  a  high  judicial 
process?  Is  it  an  accuser?  The  youngest  born  of  the  republic  is 
before  you,  imploring  you  to  rescue  her  from  immolation  on  the 
altar  of  public  faction.  Is  it  a  crime?  Bethink  yourselves  what  it 
is  that  has  been  subverted.  It  is  the  whole  of  a  complete  and 
rounded-off  republican  government  of  a  territory  indeed,  by  name, 
but,  in  substance,  a  civil  state.  Consider  the  effect.  The  people  of 
Kansas  were  "  perfectly  free."  They  now  are  free  only  to  submit 
and  obey.  Consider  whose  system  that  republican  government  was, 
and  the  power  that  established  it.  It  was  one  of  the  constitutions 
of  the  United  States,  established  by  an  act  of  the  congress  of 
the  United  States.  Consider  what  a  tyranny  it  is  that  has  been 
built  on  that  atrocious  usurpation.  It  is  not  a  discriminating  tyranny, 
that  selects  and  punishes  one,  or  a  few,  or  even  many,  but  it  dis 
franchises  all,  and  reduces  every  citizen  to  abject  slavery.  Examine 
the  code  created  by  the  legislature.  All  the  statutes  of  the  state  of 
Missouri  are  enacted  in  gross,  without  alteration  or  amendment,  for 
the  government  of  Kansas ;  and  then,  at  the  end,  the  hasty  blunder 
of  misnomer  is  corrected  by  an  explanatory  act,  that  wherever  the 
word  "state"  occurs,  it  means  "territory."  And  what  a  code! 
One  that  stifles  not,  indeed,  the  fruits  of  the  womb,  but  the  equally 
important  element  of  a  state,  the  fruits — the  immortal  fruits — of  the 
mind — a  code  that  puts  in  peril  all  rights  and  liberties  whatsoever, 
by  denying  to  men  the  right  to  know,  to  utter,  and  to  argue,  freely, 
according  to  conscience — a  right  in  itself  conservative  of  all  other 
rights  and  liberties.  Is  an  offender  wanting?  He  stands  before 
you,  in  many  respects  the  most  eminent  man  in  all  the  world — the 
president  of  the  United  States — the  constitutional  and  chosen  de 
fender  and  protector  of  the  people  who  have  been  subjugated  and 
enslaved.  Is  there  anything  of  dignity  or  authority  wanting  to  this 
tribunal?  Where  elsewhere  shall  be  found  one  more  august  than 
the  senate  of  the  United  States?  It  is  the  ancient,  constant,  and 
undoubted  right  and  usage  of  parliaments — it  is  the  chief  purpose 
of  their  being — to  question  and  complain  of  all  persons,  of  what 
degree  soever,  found  grievous  to  the  commonwealth,  in  abusing  the 
power  and  trust  committed  to  them  by  the  people.  Does  this  tri- 


KANSAS   AND   THE   PRESIDENT.  505 

bunal  need  a  motive?  We  have  that,  too,  in  painful  reality.  These 
usurpations  and  oppressions  have  hitherto  rested  with  the  president 
of  the  United  States,  and  those  whom  he  has  abetted.  If  they  shall 
be  left  unredressed,  they  will  henceforth  become,  by  adoption,  our 
own. 

The  conviction  of  the  offending  president  is  complete,  and  now  he 
sinks  out  of  view.  His  punishment  rests  with  the  people  of  the 
United  States,  whose  trust  he  has  betrayed.  His  conviction  was  only 
incidental  to  the  business  which  is  the  order  of  the  day.  The  order 
of  the  day  is  the  redress  of  the  wrongs  of  Kansas. 

How  like  unto  each  other  are  the  parallels  of  tyranny  and  revolu 
tion  in  all  countries  and  in  all  times!  Kansas  is  to-day  in  the  very 
act  of  revolution  against  a  tyranny  of  the  president  of  the  United 
States,  identical  in  all  its  prominent  features  with  that  tyranny  of  the 
king  of  England  which  gave  birth  to  the  American  revolution. 
Kansas  has  instituted  a  revolution,  simply  because  ordinary  remedies 
can  never  be  applied  in  great  political  emergencies.  There  is  a  pro 
found  philosophy  that  belongs  to  revolutions.  According  to  that 
philosophy,  the  president  is  assumed  by  the  people  of  Kansas  to 
entertain  a  resentment  which  can  never  be  appeased,  and  his  power, 
consequently,  must  be  wholly  taken  away.  Happily,  however,  for 
Kansas  and  for  us,  her  revolution  is  one  that  was  anticipated  and 
sanctioned  and  provided  for  in  the  constitution  of  the  United  States, 
and  is  therefore  a  peaceful  and  (paradoxical  as  the  expression  may 
seem)  a  constitutional  one.  Never  before  have  I  seen  occasion  so 
great  for  admiring  the  wisdom  and  forecast  of  those  who  raised  that 
noble  edifice  of  civil  government.  The  people  of  Kansas,  deprived 
of  their  sovereignty  by  a  domestic  tyranny,  have  nevertheless  law 
fully  rescued  it  provisionally,  and,  so  exercising  it,  have  constituted 
themselves  a  state,  and  applied  to  congress  to  admit  them  as  such 
into  the  federal  Union.  Congress  has  power  to  admit  the  new  state 
thus  organized.  The  favorable  exercise  of  that  power  will  terminate 
and  crown  the  revolution.  Once  a  state,  the  people  of  Kansas  can 
preserve  internal  order,  and  defend  themselves  against  invasion.  Thus, 
the  constitutional  remedy  is  as  effectual  as  it  is  peaceful  and  simple. 

This  is  the  remedy  for  the  evils  existing  in  the  territory  of  Kansas, 
which  I  propose.  Happily  there  is  no  need  to  prove  it  to  be  either 
a  lawful  one  or  a  proper  one,  or  the  only  possible  one.  The  presi 
dent  of  the  United  States  and  the  committee  on  territories  unani- 

VOL.  IV.  64 


506  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES   SENATE. 

mously  concede  all  this  broad  ground,  because  be  recommends  it, 
and  they  adopt  it. 

Wherein,  then,  do  I  differ  from  them?  Simply  thus.  I  propose 
to  apply  the  remedy  now,  by  admitting  the  new  state  with  its  pre 
sent  population  and  present  constitution.  My  opponents  insist  on 
postponing  the  measure  until  the  territory  shall  be  conceded  by  the 
usurping  authorities  to  contain  ninety-three  thousand  seven  hundred 
inhabitants,  and  until  those  authorities  shall  direct  and  authorize  the 
people  to  organize  a  new  state  under  a  new  constitution.  In  other 
words,  I  propose  to  allow  the  people  of  Kansas  to  apply  the  consti 
tutional  remedy  at  once.  The  president  proposes  to  defer  it  indefi 
nitely,  and  to  commit  the  entire  application  of  it  to  the  hands  of  the 
Missouri  borderers.  He  confesses  the  inadequacy  of  that  course  by 
asking  appropriations  of  money  to  enable  him  to  maintain  and  pre 
serve  order  within  the  territory  until  the  indefinite  period  when  the 
constitutional  remedy  shall  be  applied.  There  is  no  sufficient  reason 
for  the  delay  which  the  president  advises.  He  admits  the  rightful- 
ness  and  necessity  of  the  remedy.  It  is  as  rightful  and  necessary 
now  as  it  ever  will  be.  It  is  demanded  by  the  condition  and  circum 
stances  of  the  people  of  Kansas  now.  You  cannot  justly  postpone, 
any  more  than  you  can  justly  deny  that  right.  To  postpone  would 
be  a  denial.  The  president  will  need  no  grant  of  money  or  of  armed 
men  to  enforce  obedience  to  law,  when  you  shall  have  redressed  the 
wrongs  of  which  the  people  complain.  Even  under  governments 
less  free  than  our  own,  there  is  no  need  of  power  where  justice 
holds  the  helm.  When  justice  is  impartially  administered,  the 
obedience  of  the  subject  or  citizen  will  be  voluntary,  cheerful  and 
practically  unlimited. 

Freedom  justly  due  cannot  be  conceded  too  soon.  True  freedom 
exists,  the  utmost  bounds  of  civil  liberty  are  obtained,  only  where 
complaints  are  freely  heard,  deeply  considered  and  speedily  redressed. 
So  only  can  you  restore  to  Kansas  the  perfect  freedom  which  you 
pledged  and  she  has  lost. 

The  constitution  does  not  prescribe  ninety-three  thousand  seven 
hundred,  or  any  other  number  of  people,  as  necessary  to  constitute 
a  state.  Besides,  under  the  present  ratio  of  increase,  Kansas,  whose 
population  now  is  forty  thousand,  will  number  one  hundred  thou 
sand  in  a  few  months.  The  point  made  concerning  numbers,  is 
therefore  practically  unimportant  and  frivolous.  The  president 


KANSAS   AND   THE    PRESIDENT.  507 

objects  that  the  past  proceed  ings,  by  which  the  new  state  of  Kansas 
was  organized,  were  irregular  in  three  respects :  First,  that  they  were 
instituted,  conducted  and  completed  without  a  previous  permission 
by  congress  or  by  the  local  authorities  within  the  territory.  Secondly, 
that  they  were  instituted,  conducted  and  completed  by  a  party  and 
not  by  the  whole  people'  of  Kansas.  And  thirdly,  that  the  new  state 
holds  an  attitude  of  defiance  and  insubordination  toward  the  territo 
rial  authorities  and  the  Federal  Union.  I  reply,  first,  that  if  the 
proceedings  in  question  were  irregular  and  partisanlike  and  factious, 
the  exigencies  of  the  case  would  at  least  excuse  the  faults,  and  con 
gress  has  unlimited  discretion  to  waive  them.  Secondly,  the  pro 
ceedings  were  not  thus  irregular,  partisanlike  and  factious,  because 
no  act  of  congress  forbade  them — no  act  of  the  territorial  legislature 
forbade  them,  directly  or  by  implication — nor  had  the  territorial 
legislature  power  either  to  authorize  or  to  prohibit  them.  The  pro 
ceedings  were,  indeed,  instituted  by  a  party  who  favored  them.  But 
they  were  prosecuted  and  consummated  in  the  customary  forms  of 
popular  elections,  which  were  open  to  all  the  inhabitants  of  the  ter 
ritory  qualified  to  vote  by  the  organic  law,  and  to  no  others ;  and 
they  have  in  no  case  come  into  conflict,  nor  does  the  new  state  now 
act  or  assume  to  engage  in  conflict  with  either  the  territorial  authori 
ties  or  the  government  of  the  Union.  Thirdly,  there  can  be  no 
irregularity  where  there  is  no  law  prescribing  what  shall  be  regular. 
Congress  has  passed  no  law  establishing  regulations  for  the  organiza 
tion  or  admission  of  new  states.  Precedents  in  such  cases,  being 
without  foundation  in  law,  are  without  authority.  This  is  a  country 
whose  government  is  regulated,  not  by  precedents,  but  by  constitu 
tions.  But  if  precedents  were  necessary,  they  are  found  in  the  cases 
of  Texas  and  California,  each  of  which  was  organized  and  admitted, 
subject  to  the  same  alleged  irregularities. 

The  majority  of  the  committee  on  territories,  in  behalf  of  the  pre 
sident,  interpose  one  further  objection,  by  tracing  this  new  state 
organization  to  the  influence  of  a  secret,  armed,  political  society. 
Secrecy  and  combination,  with  extra-judicial  oaths  and  armed  power, 
were  the  enginery  of  the  Missouri  borderers  in  effecting  the  subju 
gation  of  the  people  of  Kansas,  as  that  machinery  is  always  emplo37ed 
in  the  commission  of  political  crimes.  How  far  it  was  lawful  or 
morallv  right  for  the  people  of  Kansas  to  employ  the  same  agencies 
for  the  defense  of  their  lives  and  liberties,  may  be  a  question  for 


508  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

casuists,  but  certainly  is  not  one  for  me.  I  can  freely  confess,  how 
ever,  my  deep  regret  that  secret  societies,  for  any  purpose  whatsoever, 
Lave  obtained  a  place  among  political  organizations  within  the  repub 
lic  ;  and  it  is  my  hope  that  the  experience  which  we  have  now  so 
distinctly  had,  that  they  can  be  but  too  easily  adapted  to  unlawful, 
seditious  and  dangerous  enterprises,  while  they  bring  down  suspicion 
:and  censure  on  high  and  noble  causes  when  identified  with  them, 
mav  be  sufficient  to  induce  a  general  discontinuance  of  them. 

Will  the  senate  hesitate  even  an  hour  between  the  alternatives 
before  them?  The  passions  of  the  American  people  find  healthful 
exercise  in  peaceful  colonizations,  and  the  construction  of  railroads, 
.and  the  building  up  and  multiplying  of  republican  institutions. 
The  territory  of  Kansas  lies  across  the  path  through  which  railroads 
must  be  built,  and  along  which  such  institutions  must  be  founded, 
without  delay,  in  order  to  preserve  the  integrity  of  our  empire. 
Shall  we  suppress  enterprises  so  benevolent  and  so  healthful,  and 
inflame  our  country  with  that  fever  of  intestine  war  which  exhausts 
and  consumes  not  more  the  wealth  and  strength  than  the  virtue  and 
freedom  of  a  nation  ?  Shall  we  confess  that  the  proclamation  of 
popular  sovereignty  within  the  territory  of  Kansas,  was  not  merely 
a  failure,  but  was  a  pretense  and  a  fraud  ?  Or  will  senators  now 
•contend  that  the  people  of  Kansas,  destitute  as  they  are  of  a  legis 
lature  of  their  own,  of  executive  authorities  of  their  own,  of  judicial 
authorities  of  their  own,  of  a  militia  of  their  own,  of  revenues  of 
their  own,  subject  to  disposal  by  themselves,  practically  deprived  as 
they  are  of  the  rights  of  voting,  serving  as  jurors,  and  of  writing, 
printing  and  speaking  their  own  opinions,  are  nevertheless  in  the 
enjoyment  and  exercise  of  popular  sovereigntv  ?  Shall  we  confess 
before  the  world,  after  so  brief  a  trial,  that  this  great  political  system 
of  ours  is  inadequate  either  to  enable  the  majority  to  control  through 
the  operation  of  opinion,  without  force,  or  to  give  security  to  the 
citizen  against  tyranny  and  domestic  violence?  Are  we  prepared 
so  soon  to  relinquish  our  simple  and  beautiful  systems  of  republican 
government,  and  to  substitute  in  their  place  the  machinery  of  usurp 
ation  and  despotism? 

The  congress  of  the  United  States  can  refuse  admission  to  Kansas 
only  on  the  ground  that  it  will  not  relinquish  the  hope  of  carrying 
African  slavery  into  that  new  territory.  If  you  are  prepared  to 
assume  that  ground,  why  not  do  it  manfully  and  consistently,  and 


THE    ADMISSION    OF    KANSAS.  009 

establish  slavery  there  by  a  direct  and  explicit  act  of  congress?  But 
have  we  come  to  that  stage  of  demoralization  and  degeneracy  so 
soon  ?  We,  who  commenced  our  political  existence  and  gained  the 
sympathies  of  the  world  by  proclaiming  to  other  nations  that  we 
held  "  these  truths  to  be  self-evident:  That  all  men  are  born  equal, 
and  have  certain  inalienable  rights ;  and  that  among  these  rights  are 
life,  liberty  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness:"  we,  who  in  the  spirit  of 
that  declaration  have  assumed  to  teach  and  to  illustrate,  for  the 
benefit  of  mankind,  a  higher  and  better  civilization  than  they  have 
hitherto  known  !  If  the  congress  of  the  United  States  shall  persist 
in  this  attempt,  then  they  shall  at  least  allow  me  to  predict  its  results. 
Either  you  will  not  establish  African  slavery  in  Kansas,  or  you  will  do 
it  at  the  cost  of  the  sacrifice  of  all  the  existing  liberties  of  the  American 
people.  Even  if  slavery  were,  what  it  is  not,  a  boon  to  the  people  of 
Kansas,  they  would  reject  it  if  enforced  upon  their  acceptance  by  federal 
bayonets.  The  attempt  is  in  conflict  with  all  the  tendencies  of  the  age.. 
African  slavery  has,  for  the  last  fifty  years,  been  giving  way,  as  well  in 
this  country  as  in  the  islands  and  on  the  mainland  throughout  this 
hemisphere.  The  political  power  and  prestige  of  slavery  in  the 
United  States  are  passing  away.  The  slave  states  practically  gov 
erned  the  Union  directly  for  fifty  years.  They  govern  it  now,  only 
indirectly,  through  the  agency  of  northern  hands,  temporarily  enlisted 
in  their  support.  So  much,  owing  to  the  decline  of  their  power, 
they  have  already  conceded  to  the  free  states.  The  next  step,  if  they 
persist  in  their  present  course,  will  be  the  resumption  and  exercise 
by  the  free  states  of  the  control  of  the  government,  without  such 
concessions  as  they  have  hitherto  made  to  obtain  it.  Throughout  a 
period  of  nearly  twenty  years,  the  defenders  of  slavery  screened  it 
from  discussion  in  the  national  councils.  Now,  they  practically  con 
fess  to  the  necessity7  for  defending  it  here,  by  initiating  discussion 
themselves.  They  have  at  once  thrown  away  their  most  successful 
weapon,  compromise,  and  worn  out  that  one  which  was  next  in 
effectiveness,  threats  of  secession  from  the  Union.  It  is  under  such 
unpropitious  circumstances  that  they  begin  the  new  experiment  of 
extending  slavery  into  free  territory  by  force,  the  armed  power  of 
the  federal  government.  You  will  need  many  votes  from  free  states 
in  the  house  of  represent  tives,  and  even  some  votes  from  those 
states  in  this  house,  to  sen:!  an  army  with  a  retinue  of  slaves  in  its 
train  into  Kansas.  Have  you  counted  up  your  votes  in  the  two 


610  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

bouses?  Have  you  calculated  how  long  those  who  shall  cast  such 
votes  will  retain  their  places  in  the  national  legislature  ? 

But  I  will  grant,  for  the  sake  of  the  argument,  that  with  federal 
battalions  you  can  carry  slavery  into  Kansas,  and  maintain  it  there. 
Are  you  quite  confident  that  this  republican  form  of  government 
can  then  be  upheld  and  preserved  ?  You  will  then  yourselves  have 
introduced  the  Trojan  horse.  No  republican  government  ever  has 
endured  with  standing  armies  maintained  in  its  bosom  to  enforce 
submission  to  its  laws.  A  people  who  have  once  learned  to  relinquish 
their  rights,  under  compulsion,  will  not  be  long  in  forgetting  that 
they  ever  had  any.  In  extending  slavery  into  Kansas,  therefore,  by 
arms,  you  will  subvert  the  liberties  of  the  people. 

Senators  of  the  free  states,  I  appeal  to  you.  Believe  ye  the  pro 
phets?  I  know  you  do.  You  know,  then,  that  slavery  neither 
works  mines  and  quarries,  nor  founds  cities,  nor  builds  ships,  nor 
levies  armies,  nor  mans  navies.  Why,  then,  will  you  insist  on  clos 
ing  up  this  new  territory  of  Kansas  against  all  enriching  streams  of 
immigration,  while  you  pour  into  it  the  turbid  and  poisonous  waters 
of  African  slavery  ?  Which  one  of  you  all,  whether  of  Connecticut, 
or  of  Pennsylvania,  or  of  Illinois,  or  of  Michigan,  would  consent 
thus  to  extinguish  the  chief  light  of  civilization  within  the  state  in 
which  your  own  fortunes  are  cast,  and  in  which  your  own  posterity 
are  to  live  ?  Why  will  you  pursue  a  policy  so  unkind,  so  ungene 
rous,  and  so  unjust,  toward  the  helpless,  defenseless,  struggling  ter 
ritory  of  Kansas,  inhabited  as  it  is  by  your  own  brethren,  depending 
on  you  for  protection  and  safety?  Will  slavery  in  Kansas  add  to 
the  wealth  or  power  of  your  own  states,  or  to  the  wealth,  power  or 
glory  of  the  republic?  You  know  that  it  will  diminish  all  of  these. 
You  profess  a  desire  to  end  this  national  debate  about  slavery,  which 
has  become  for  you  intolerable.  Is  it  not  time  to  relinquish  that 
hope  ?  You  have  exhausted  the  virtue  for  that  purpose,  that  resided 
in  compacts  and  platforms,  in  the  suppression  of  the  right  of  petition 
and  in  arbitrary  parliamentary  laws,  and  in  abnegation  of  federal 
authority  over  the  subject  of  slavery  within  the  national  territories. 
Will  you  even  then  end  the  debate,  by  binding  Kansas  with  chains, 
for  the  safety  of  slavery  in  Missouri?  Even  then  you  must  give 
over  Utah  to  slavery,  to  make  it  secure  and  permanent  in  Kansas ; 
and  you  must  give  over  Oregon  and  Washington  to  both  polygamy 
arid  slavery,  so  as  to  guaranty  equally  the  one  and  the  other  of  those 


THE    ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS — DISUNION.  511 

peculiar  domestic  institutions  in  Utah ;  arid  so  you  must  go  on, 
sacrificing  on  the  shrine  of  peace  territory  after  territory,  until  the 
prevailing  nationality  of  freedom  and  of  virtue  shall  be  lost,  and  the 
vicious  anomalies,  which  you  have  hitherto  vainly  hoped  Almighty 
Wisdom  would  remove  from  among  you  without  your  own  concur 
rence,  shall  become  the  controlling  elements  in  the  republic.  He 
who  found  a  river  in  his  path,  and  sat  down  to  wait  for  the  flood  to 
pass  away,  was  not  more  unwise  than  he  who  expects  the  agitation 
of  slavery  to  cease,  while  the  love  of  freedom  animates  the  bosoms 
of  mankind. 

The  solemnity  of  the  occasion  draws  over  our  heads  that  cloud 
of  disunion  which  always  arises  whenever  the  subject  of  slavery  is 
agitated.  Still  the  debate  goes  on,  more  ardently,  earnestly  and 
angrily  than  ever  before.  It  employs  now  not  merely  logic,  reproach, 
menace,  retort  and  defiance,  but  sabres,  rifles  and  cannon.  Do  you 
look  through  this  incipient  war  quite  to  the  end,  and  see  there  peace, 
quiet  and  harmony  on  the  subject  of  slavery  ?  If  so,  pray  enlighten 
me,  and  show  me  how  long  the  way  is  which  leads  to  that  repose. 
The  free  states  are  loyal,  and  they  always  will  remain  so.  Their 
foothold  on  this  continent  is  firm  and  sure.  Their  ability  to  main 
tain  themselves,  unaided,  under  the  present  constitution,  is  estab 
lished.  The  slave  states,  also,  have  been  loyal  hitherto,  and  I  hope 
and  trust  they  ever  may  remain  so.  But  if  disunion  could  ever 
come,  it  would  come  in  the  form  of  a  secession  of  the  slaveholding 
states  ;  and  it  would  come,  then,  when  the  slaveholding  power,  which 
is  already  firmly  established  on  the  gulf  of  Mexico,  and  extends  a 
thousand  miles  northward  along  both  banks  of  the  Mississippi,  should 
have  fastened  its  grappling  irons  upon  the  fountains  of  the  Missouri 
and  the  slopes  of  the  Rocky  mountains.  Then  that  power  would 
either  be  intolerably  supreme  in  this  republic,  or  it  would  strike  for 
independence  or  exclusive  domination.  Then  the  free  states  and 
slave  states  of  the  Atlantic,  divided  and  warring  with  each  other, 
would  disgust  the  free  states  of  the  Pacific,  and  they  would  have 
abundant  cause  and  justification  for  withdrawing  from  a  Union  pro 
ductive  no  longer  of  peace,  safety  and  liberty  to  themselves,  and  no 
longer  holding  up  the  cherished  hopes  of  mankind. 

The  continental  congress  of  1787,  on  resigning  the  trust  which  it 
had  discharged  with  signal  fidelity,  into  the  hands  of  the  authorities 
elected  under  the  new  constitution,  and  in  taking  leave  of  their 


512  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

constituents,  addressed  to  the  people  of  the  United  States  this  memo 
rable  injunction:  "Let  it  never  be  forgotten,  that  the  cause  of  the 
United  States  has  always  been  the  cause  of  human  nature."  Let  us 
recall  that  precious  monition ;  let  us  examine  the  ways  which  we 
have  pursued  hitherto,  under  the  light  thrown  upon  them  by  that 
instruction.  We  shall  find,  in  doing  so,  that  we  have  forgotten 
moral  right  in  the  pursuit  of  material  greatness,  and  we  shall  cease 
henceforth  from  practising  upon  ourselves  the  miserable  delusion 
that  we  can  safely  extend  empire,  when  we  shall  have  become  reck 
less  of  the  obligations  of  eternal  justice,  and  faithless  to  the  interests 
of  universal  freedom. 


KANSAS— USUEPATIONS. ' 

I  SHALL,  with  the  greatest  pleasure  in  the  world,  vote  for  this 
amendment  (Mr.  WILSON'S,  to  abrogate  the  spurious  laws  of  Kan 
sas).  I  agree  with  the  honorable  mover  of  it,  that  the  present  bill 
has  no  other  tendency,  and  can  have  no  other  effect,  than  to  crown 
with  success  the  object  of  the  law  of  1854,  which  abrogated  the  pro 
hibition  of  slavery  contained  in  the  Missouri  compromise  act,  and 
thus  to  form  a  slave  state  out  of  Kansas.  Against  that  I  was  com 
mitted  then  ;  I  commit  myself  now ;  I  stand  committed  forever.  I 
admit  that  the  bill,  as  it  would  stand  after  the  adoption  of  the  amend 
ment,  would  not  leave  in  the  territory  of  Kansas  a  code  of  municipal 
laws.  But,  in  that  shape,  this  bill,  if  passed,  would  be  only  a  con 
gressional  declaration  of  what  I  hold  to  be  a  solemn  political  fact, 
already  established  and  known,  namely :  that  there  is  no  law,  there 
are  no  laws,  there  is  no  code,  there  is  no  legal  society  in  Kansas, 
otherwise  organized  or  governed,  than  by  the  organic  act  passed  by 
congress  in  the  year  1854. 

I  hold  now,  as  I  have  already  shown  to  the  senate  and  to  the 
country  on  a  former  occasion,  that  what  is  called  the  legislature  of 
Kansas  is  a  usurpation,  and  that  the  code  which  it  has  established  is 

1  Speech  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States.  July  2. 1856,  against  Mr.  Douglas1  second  Enabling 
Bill,  and  in  favor  of  the  immediate  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union. 


USURPATIONS    IN    KANSAS.  513 

a  tyranny.  Lapse  of  time  during  our  long  debate  has  not  changed 
their  character.  I  hold  that  there  is  no  legal  obligation,  as  there  is 
no  moral  obligation,  upon  any  man,  whether  he  is  a  citizen  of  that 
territory  or  otherwise,  to  treat  that  legislature  or  that  code  with  the 
least  respect.  If  the  legislature  be  a  usurpation,  all  men  must  admit 
this  consequence  to  be  just.  When  we  had  this  subject  in  debate  at 
an  earlier  stage  of  the  session,  with  only  confused  and  informal  evi 
dence  before  us,  it  was  denied  that  the  legislature  of  the  territory  is 
a  usurpation.  That  fact  is  completely  established  now  by  the  report 
of  a  committee  appointed  by  the  house  of  representatives,  to  investi 
gate  all  the  circumstances  of  the  ca*se,  and  they  show  beyond  all 
manner  of  doubt,  that  no  sooner  had  congress  authorized  the  inhabi 
tants  of  the  territory  of  Kansas  to  constitute  for  themselves  a  civil 
government,  in  a  prescribed  form,  than  an  armed  body  of  invaders 
from  the  state  of  Missouri,  and  from  other  states  and  territories,  took 
possession  of  the  polls,  drove  away  the  voters,  and  holding  the  ter 
ritory  in  fact  under  martial  law,  waged  by  seditious  men,  created 
and  constituted  this  legislature  of  Kansas. 

From  this  most  unwarrantable  proceeding  has  followed  the  imbro 
glio  in  which  the  county  finds  itself  involved.  The  president,  hold 
ing  that  he  had  no  power  to  correct  the  evil — that  he  had  no  right 
to  pronounce  at  all  on  this  fact  thus  questioned — assumed  that  it  was 
his  duty  to  execute  the  laws  of  that  legislature,  while  he  very  pro 
perly  addressed  himself  to  congress  on  the  subject.  Congress  was 
appealed  to ;  has  had  the  subject  under  discussion  three  months ; 
and  the  house  of  representatives,  more  wise,  more  just,  more  true  to 
freedom,  than  the  senate  has  been  to  the  cause  of  civil  government, 
and  civil  and  religious  liberty,  sent  a  commission  to  Kansas  to  ascer 
tain  the  truth  of  the  case  involved.  Their  report  has  been  made  to- 
the  house  of  representatives;  and  it  establishes,  beyond  denial,  and 
even  beyond  all  question,  that  there  has  been  no  legitimate  election, 
no  constitutional  election,  no  legal  election  in  the  territory,  and  that 
there  is,  of  course,  no  legislature,  and  there  are  no  laws  there. 

It  strikes  me  that,  after  being  at  sea  for  the  last  three  months,  this 
proposition  of  the  honorable  senator  from  Massachusetts  is  the  very 
first  one  which  seems  to  give  us  a  hope  of  finding  any  land.  It 
shows  us  a  safe  port.  The  proposition  distinctly  is  to  abrogate  the 
pretended  laws  of  that  usurping  and  tyrannical  legislature. 

VOL.  IV.  65 


514:  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

I  do  not  say  that  simply  this  measure  will  give  peace  to  Kansas ; 
I  do  not  say  that  nothing  more  will  be  necessary  to  give  peace  and 
rescue  liberty  in  Kansas ;  but  I  do  say  that,  so  far  as  it  goes,  it  would 
be  an  advance — the  first  one  that  would  have  been  made  towards 
either  of  those  important  objects  during  the  last  three  months.  I 
urn  prepared  at  once  to  give  rny  support  to  it.  When  we  shall  have 
abolished  that  tyranny  and  its  laws,  we  shall  then  be  in  a  condition 
to  see  whether  there  is  not  something  more  which  can  be  done. 

Talk  about  that  being  a  legislature  and  a  government  which  can 
exact  obedience  from  the  people  of  Kansas !  It  has  not  the  strength 
in  itself  to  stand  a  day,  nor  an  hour.  It  is  upheld  by  the  bayonets 
of  the  army  of  the  United  States.  Talk  about  these  being  laws 
obligatory  on  the  citizens  of  Kansas,  when  they  were  made  by  inva 
ders  from  the  state  of  Missouri !  Talk  about  these  pretended 
enactments  as  being  laws  which  ought  to  be  respected  and  obeyed — 
laws  which  disfranchise  the  legal  profession,  the  first  element  of 
constitutional  liberty  in  every  government  of  the  Saxon  or  Anglo- 
Saxon  race!  Talk  about  laws  to  be  upheld  which  deprive  persons 
accused  of  crime  of  trial  by  a  fair  and  impartial  jury,  and  which 
establish  a  test  of  opinion  as  qualifications  not  only  for  the  exercise 
of  the  ballot,  but  also  for  the  jury-box!  Talk  about  these  being 
laws  which  are  obligatory,  and  are  to  be  maintained  for  a  day  or 
even  for  an  hour — enactments  which  deprive  men  of  the  liberty  of 
speech !  Talk  about  those  being  laws  which  are  entitled  to  obedi 
ence  anywhere  under  the  constitution  of  the  United  States — laws 
under  which  the  press,  the  palladium  of  civil  and  religious  liberty, 
is  indicted,  tried,  convicted,  and  suppressed  as  a  nuisance.  I  beg 
honorable  gentlemen  to  consider  well  the  pass  to  which  they  have 
brought  things  in  this  country.  They  have  brought  the  country  to 
the  verge  of  civil  war.  They  propose  now  a  compromise.  The 
day  for  compromises  is  ended. 

The  honorable  senator  is  glad  of  it,  and  so  am  I.  We  shall 
henceforth  take  our  stand  in  all  these  questions  upon  the  constitu 
tion  of  the  United  States,  and  those  of  us  who  get  our  feet  truly  on 
it  will  stand  firm.  Those  who  happen  not  to  get  that  safe  footing 
will  find  they  may  have  a  slippery  and  unsubstantial  foothold. 

The  question,  the  honorable  senator  says,  which  is  proposed  by 
his  bill,  offers  no  compromise.  I  beg  to  correct  the  honorable  gentle 
man.  The  original  proposition  was,  that  congress  should  be  left 


USURPATIONS   IN   KANSAS.  515 

under  the  territorial  government  established  by  the  Missouri  legisla 
ture,  that  it  should  be  left  subject  to  all  the  statutes  of  that  legislature, 
and  that  it  should  not  be  admitted  in  the  Union  until  it  should  be 
able  to  number  ninety-three  thousand  seven  hundred  people. 

(Mr.  BROWN — Ninety-three  thousand  four  hundred  and  twenty.) 

I  stand  corrected,  and  the  correction  reminds  me  of  the  careful 
accuracy  of  my  honorable  and  excellent  friend — now  dead — [Mr. 
GIDEON  LEE],  who  was  a  member  of  the  house  of  representatives 
from  the  city  of  New  York  at  the  time  the  great  fire  occurred  there. 
When  an  application  was  made  for  the  remission  of  duties  on  account 
of  the  fire,  an  honorable  member,  in  speaking  in  support  of  the 
application,  said  that  yesterday  morning  the  sun  rose  upon  a  city 
that  was  crowded  and  compact  with  the  dwellings  and  warehouses 
of  a  great  commercial  city,  and  the  sun  of  the  same  day  set  upon 
a  city  of  which  fifty  acres  were  in  ashes ;  my  honorable  friend  [Mr. 
LEE]  corrected  the  honorable  member  by  saying  fifty-two  acres  and 
a  half. 

Bat,  whether  it  was  ninety-three  thousand  four  hundred  and 
twenty,  or  ninety-three  thousand  seven  hundred,  the  practical  ques 
tion  was  the  same.  It  was  the  amount  necessary  in  one  of  the 
states  to  entitle  a  district  to  a  representative  in  congress.  What 
have  we  to-day,  sir?  The  proposition  of  the  committee  now  is,  that 
the  Missouri  legislature  shall  remain  in  force — so  far  the  same ;  but 
that  all  laws  passed  by  the  legislature  subversive  of  the  freedom  of 
speech — all  laws  subversive  of  a  trial  by  jury — all  laws  subversive 
of  citizenship,  shall  be  abrogated ;  and  finally  that,  without  waiting 
for  the  ninety-three  thousand,  and  that  odd  fraction,  whatever  it  may 
be,  that  state  shall  be  admitted  now  into  the  Union  immediately 
upon  the  election  of  a  convention,  and  the  organization  of  a  state 
constitution. 

I  beg  my  honorable  friend  from  Georgia  to  consider  whether  this 
is  not  a  compromise.  I  certainly  understand  that  it  is  offered  as 
such,  and  that  it  has  been  accepted  as  such,  not  by  that  portion  of 
the  senate  among  whom  I  belong,  but  by  others  who  could  not  be 
prevailed  upon  to  vote  for  the  bill  in  the  shape  in  which  it  was 
originally  proposed. 

I  do  not  know  that  it  is  in  my  power  to  state  a  proposition  which 
would  commend  itself  in  my  judgment  more  thoroughly  to  the  pur 
pose  of  settling  the  whole  of  this  difficulty  than  the  proposition  of 


516  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

the  honorable  senator  from  Massachusetts  to  abrogate  the  laws.  I 
would  have  preferred  that  his  amendment  had  gone  further,  and 
declared  the  territorial  legislature  itself  to  be  illegal,  and  therefore 
abrogated  it.  When  you  shall  have  once  done  that,  you  will  then 
have  removed  all  of  the  existing  grounds  of  contention.  You  will 
have  then  discharged  all  these  prosecutions  for  constructive  treason 
under  which  men,  who  have  assembled  according  to  the  constitution, 
and  according  to  the  settled  precedents  and  customs  of  the  country 
to  petition  congress  for  redress,  have  been  indicted  and  are  held  in 
close  confinement  to  be  tried  for  treason.  You  will  then  have 
abolished  all  those  criminal  proceedings  in  which  editors,  who  have 
maintained  the  cause  of  justice  and  civil  liberty  in  that  territory y 
have  been  indicted,  and  are  held  in  duress  to  be  subjected  to  punish 
ment  in  the  penitentiary  for  maintaining  (what  is  true,  in  my  judg 
ment)  that  slavery  is  not,  and  cannot  go,  into  the  territory  of  Kansas 
by  virtue  of  the  constitution  or  any  existing  law  of  the  United 
States.  Then  you  will  have  at  last  restored  the  people  to  the  pos 
session  of  their  liberties,  and  it  will  then  be  time  enough  to  see  what 
we  shall  do  to  give  them  a  well-digested  system  of  civil  government 
and  municipal  laws. 

[Mr.  Wilson's  amendment  having  failed,  Mr.  Seward  then  addressed  the  senate 
on  the  bill  enabling  the  people  of  Kansas  to  form  a  constitution,  and  apply  for 
admission  into  the  Union.] 

The  daily  sessions  of  the  senate  usually  last  three  or  four  hours. 
The  present  one  has  already  reached  its  fourteenth  hour.  If  I  do 
not  hasten  the  gleams  of  the  morning  sun  will  pale  the  lights  of  the 
chandelier  before  I  shall  have  closed  my  speech. 

The  honorable  and  distinguished  senator  from  Kentucky  [Mr. 
CRITTENDEN]  has  appealed  eloquently  and  earnestly  to  my  love  of 
peace,  and  to  my  devotion  to  the  Union.  Certainly,  every  conside 
ration  weighs  upon  me  as  strongly  as  upon  any  other  American 
senator  or  citizen  to  make  me  desire  that  peace  and  harmony  may 
prevail  throughout  this  broad  land  ;  that  my  own  country,  worthier 
of  my  love  than  any  other  country  under  the  sun,  may  be  united 
now,  henceforth  and  forever ;  and  that  it  may,  by  means  of  such  har-' 
mony  and  union,  continually  rise  in  prosperity,  greatness  and  glory. 

The  honorable  senator  has  based  on  that  appeal  a  remonstrance 
against  my  remark,  that  "  the  time  for  compromises  has  passed."  The 
honorable  senator  from  Georgia  [Mr.  TOOMBS],  to  whom  this  bill 


THE   DAY   FOE  COMPROMISES.  517 

owes  its  principal  features,  has  disclaimed  for  it  not  only  the  form 
bat  also  the  character  of  a  compromise.  Assuming,  however,  with 
the  senator  from  Kentucky,  that  this  is  its  true  character,  I  must 
say,  nevertheless,  that  he  misunderstands  me,  when  he  supposes  that 
I  am  opposed  to  all  compromises  of  all  questions,  on  all  occasions. 
My  position  concerning  legislative  compromises  is  this,  namely : 
personal,  partisan,  temporary  and  subordinate  questions,  may  law 
fully  be  compromised  ;  but  principles  can  never  be  justly  or  wisely 
made  the  subjects  of  compromise.  By  principles  I  mean  the  elements 
in  public  questions,  of  moral  rights,  political  justice,  and  high  na 
tional  expediency.  Does  any  honorable  senator  assert  a  different 
maxim  on  the  subject  of  legislative  compromise? 

Unlike,  perhaps,  that  honorable  senator,  I  regard  slavery  as 
morally  unjust,  politically  unwise,  and  socially  pernicious,  in  some 
degree,  in  every  community  where  it  exists.  Slavery  once,  and  not 
long  ago,  was  practically  universal.  It  may  be  doubted  whether, 
among  all  the  distinguished  men  whose  co-laborer  I  am  in  this  august 
assembly,  there  is  one  who,  more  than  myself,  if  he  could  trace  his 
lineage  upward  through  a  period  of  live  hundred  or  six  hundred 
years,  would  not  reach  the  bar  sinister.  I  owe  it  to  wise,  virtuous, 
and  bold  legislators,  who  have  gone  before  me,  that  I  am  not  myself 
a  slave,  and  that,  within  the  state  where  I  live,  slavery  has  forever 
ceased  to  exist.  I  owe  it  to  mankind  and  to  posterity,  that  being  a 
legislator  now  myself,  slavery  shall  by  no  act  of  mine  be  established 
or  extended ;  and  by  act  of  mine,  God  giving  me  grace,  no  human 
being  shall  ever  hereafter  be  made  or  held  a  slave.  This  is  a  prin 
ciple  ;  and,  being  a  principle,  I  cannot  compromise  it.  Nevertheless, 
I  am  not,  for  that  reason,  to  be  supposed  willing  to  be  either  turbu 
lent  or  factious  in  resisting  the  majority  of  my  countrymen,  when, 
overruling  me,  they  compromise  principles  even  so  sacred  as  this.  I 
abide  that  reconsideration  which  I  always  hopefully  believe  near, 
and  am  sure  is  ultimately  certain. 

It  was  my  fortune  to  have  just  come  into  congress  when  Califor 
nia,  a  free  state,  applied  for  admission  into  the  Union.  I  insisted 
on  her  admission,  without  condition,  qualification  or  compromise. 
Others  here,  on  the  contrary,  demanded  a  compromise  which  should 
settle,  as  they  said,  all  actual  and  all  possible  questions  arising 
out  of  the  subject  of  slavery  in  the  United  States,  then,  thence 
forth,  and  forever.  I  showed  that  such  a  compromise  was  impracti- 


518  SPEECHES    IX   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

cable.  I  maintained  that  questions  arising  out  of  slavery,  from  time 
to  time,  under  different  circumstances,  and  in  different  parts  of  the 
republic,  conld  only  be  justly  and  wisely  settled,  and  indeed  could 
only  be  settled  at  all,  severally  and  distinctly,  on  the  occasions  on 
which  they  occurred.  I  was  overruled ;  I  was  censured,  how  widely, 
how  severely,  all  the  world  knows,  for  my  refusal  to  join  in  a  mea 
sure  of  peace  and  harmony,  as  it  was  called,  which,  as  I  thought,  at 
the  cost  of  sacrifices  of  freedom  and  justice,  was  expected  to  termi 
nate  the  discussion  of  slavery  in  congress,  and  to  restore  harmony 
and  concord  throughout  the  country,  and  perpetuate  them  forever. 

That  compromise  was  made  here  about  this  hour,  in  a  midsummer 
night  like  this,  at  the  close  of  a  long  and  stormy  debate.  Loud 
mouthed  artillery,  from  the  terrace  of  the  capitol,  the  next  day 
announced  to  the  people  of  the  United  States  that  the  Wilmot  pro 
viso  was  buried  under  the  floor  of  the  senate  chamber,  and  that  the 
agitation  of  slavery  was  buried  with  it.  Wherever  I  went,  here  or 
abroad,  I  was  pointed  out  as  a  chief  mourner — the  last  to  leave  that 
solemn  ceremonial.  Only  four  years  elapsed,  when  those  who  had 
effected  that  compromise  found  it  necessary  to  open  to  civilization 
the  territories  of  Nebraska  and  Kansas,  and  they  introduced  into  the 
senate  a  bill  for  that  purpose.  Then,  all  at  once,  the  Wilmot  pro 
viso  burst  the  cerements  of  its  grave,  and  stalked  through  the  senate 
chamber,  clad  in  the  same  fearful  horrors  that  it  had  worn  before  its 
interment. 

,  The  slavery  question  being  thus  reopened,  certainly  by  no  act  of 
mine,  or  of  those  who  agree  with  me,  the  compromise  acts  of  1850 
were  reviewed.  Those  who  favored  the  extension  of  slavery  in  the 
territories  maintained  that  that  compromise  drew  after  it,  as  a  conse 
quence,  an  abrogation  of  the  prohibition  of  slavery  in  Kansas  and 
Nebraska,  contained  in  the  Missouri  compromise  act  of  1820.  Those 
who  opposed  the  extension  of  slavery  denied  that  consequence.  I 
was  among  that  number,  and  was  again  overruled,.  The  majority 
here  then  hit  upon  a  new  expedient  to  bind  down  and  confine  the 
Wilmot  proviso  in  its  tomb,  and  prevent  its  possible  resurrection 
forever.  That  expedient  was,  that  congress  should  renounce,  in 
favor  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  new  territories,  all  jurisdiction  on 
the  subject  of  slavery  therein.  Having  no  faith  in  the  justice  or 
the  wisdom  of  that  expedient,  I  calmly  warned  the  senate  that  they 
were  only  sending  this  perplexing  question  of  slavery  down  to  the 


THE   DAY    FOR   COMPROMISES.  519 

territories,  to  involve  their  inhabitants  in  factious  and  fruitless  con 
tests  ;  and  that  it  would  come  back  again  to  the  senate,  red  with  the 
heat  of  those  strifes,  to  be  settled  here  at  last.  I  insisted  then  that  con 
gress  ought  to  discharge  its  proper  responsibility,  and  decide  whether 
Kansas  and  Nebraska  should  be  slave  territories  or  be  free  territo 
ries.  The  compromise  ordnance,  from  the  terrace  of  the  capitol, 
announced  to  the  people  a  new  triumph,  and  I  was  again  pronounced 
throughout  the  length  and  breadth  of  the  land,  a  disappointed  and 
overthrown  agitator.  Two  years  have  elapsed.  What  is  the  result 
of  this,  the  second  compromise  made  within  six  years — a  compro 
mise  consisting  in  the  abnegation  of  federal  power  over  the  subject 
of  slavery  in  the  territories  of  the  United  States?  The  result,  in 
its  nature,  is  just  what  I  predicted;  while,  in  its  aggravations,  it  sur 
passes  all  that  my  fanatical  imagination  had  conceived. 

I  say  again,  and  with  emphasis,  we  have  had  enough  of  compro 
mises  on  the  subject  of  slavery.  The  day  for  them  has  passed.  Do 
you  ask  what  I  would  do  on  these  disturbing  questions?  I  answer, 
that  I  would  do  on  these  what  I  would  do  on  all  other  questions.  I 
hold  this  to  be  a  government  of  majorities,  modified  indeed  by  com 
plex  constitutional  limitations,  but  nevertheless  a  government  of 
majorities. 

It  is  the  business  of  congress  to  adjust  and  determine  all  ques 
tions  which  legitimately  come  before  it,  and  not  to  compromise  them, 
or  to  devolve  their  decision  upon  others.  True,  I  know  very  well 
that  I  might  be  overruled,  and  that  slavery  might  be  established  by 
congress  in  a  territorj^,  where  I  should  vote  to  establish  freedom.  In 
that  case,  slavery  must  remain  there,  until,  in  a  constitutional  way, 
it  shall  be  removed.  So,  on  the  other  hand,  if  freedom  shall  be 
established  in  the  territories,  where  others  vote  to  establish  slavery, 
they  too  must  submit,' and  abide  the  change  they  desire.  True,  I 
know  there  might  be  a  difference  of  opinion  between  the  house  of 
representatives  and  the  senate  in  such  a  case.  In  such  an  event  we 
must  wait  until  the  two  houses  can  agree — to-morrow,  the  next 
month  or  the  next  year.  The  people  will  ultimately  take  care  to 
constitute  the  two  houses  so  that  they  shall  agree.  So  much,  sir,  for 
my  position  uf>on  the  subject  of  compromises  concerning  the  subject 
of  slavery. 

The  territory  of  Kansas  constitutes  one  twentv-fiftri  part  of  the 
whole  dominion  of  the  United  States  of  America,  sufficient  to  con- 


520  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

stitute  six  states  of  the  average  size  of  those  now  enrolled  in  the 
confederacy.  It  is  a  territory  which,  thirty-five  years  ago,  was  with 
a  peculiar  felicity  of  wisdom  consecrated  to  freedom,  and  assigned 
as  an  exclusive  field  of  free  labor.  The  distinguished  senator  from 
Delaware  [Mr.  CLAYTON]  now  argues  to  convince  us  that  that  benefi 
cent  act  was  unconstitutional.  The  question  which  is  thus  raised  is 
merely  incidental  and  collateral  now.  I  am  content,  therefore,  on 
this  occasion,  to  reply,  that  the  act  was  a  compromise ;  that  it 
received  the  form,  name  arid  character  of  a  compromise,  at  that 
time,  by  the  slaveholding  states  and  the  free  states,  as  parties  having 
conflicting  interests  to  be  settled.  And  it  received  that  form,  name, 
and  character,  for  the  purpose  of  binding  the  faith  of  all  parties 
against  a  repeal  or  disturbance  of  it,  on  the  ground  of  alleged  uncon 
stitutionally,  or  on  any  other  ground.  So  it  was  received  and 
acquiesced  in  by  the  people  of  the  United  States.  So  it  took  its 
place  in  the  national  history,  and  so  it  was  respected  and  maintained 
by  all  parties  until  1854.  Congress  in  that  year  abrogated  the 
beneficent  guarantee  of  freedom,  and  thus  offered  and  exposed  the 
territory  of  Kansas,  as  well  as  that  of  Nebraska,  to  the  intrusion  of 
slavery  and  slave  labor.  But  congress,  nevertheless,  replaced  the 
old  covenant  of  impartial  freedom  and  free  labor,  with  a  guarantee 
that  the  inhabitants  of  Kansas,  when  coming  to  organize  the  terri 
torial  government  after  a  model  prescribed,  should  be  perfectly  free 
to  establish  freedom  and  free  labor,  and  to  reject  slavery  and  menial 
labor.  No  sooner  had  this  new  congress  assembled,  than  it  was 
made  known  to  us  that  that  guarantee  had  failed ;  that,  in  the  very 
moment  of  its  organization,  an  armed  foreign  body  entered  the 
territory,  assumed  an  attitude  of  actual  war,  usurped  the  franchises 
of  the  citizens,  seized  the  machine  of  government,  and  converted  it 
into  a  tyranny  marked  by  the  enforcement  of  despotic  laws,  by 
foreign  legislators,  magistrates,  and  ministerial  officers ;  and  that  the 
president  of  the  United  States  was  maintaining  this  despotism  in 
Kansas  with  the  armed  force  of  the  United  States.  I  brought 
these  facts  to  the  notice  of  the  senate,  together  with  the  fact  that  the 
people  of  Kansas,  free  American  citizens  as  they  were,  unwilling  to 
acquiesce  in  that  usurpation,  and  unable  to  submit  to  mat  despotism, 
had  assembled  at  Topeka,  in  the  manner  customary  on  such  occa 
sions  and,  in  acknowledged  subjection  to  the  jurisdiction  of  the 
United  States,  organized  themselves,  provisionally,  into  a  state,  and 


ADMISSION  OF  KANSAS.  521 

were  here,  by  representatives  delegated  to  both  houses,  soliciting 
admission  into  the  Union.  I  submitted  to  the  senate  that  the  new 
state  of  Kansas  ought  to  be  admitted,  not  because  it  would  be  always 
wise  to  admit  whatever  new  states  might  come,  and  in  whatever 
manner  they  might  come,  nor  yet  because  it  would  have  been  wise, 
under  other  and  different  circumstances,  to  admit  even  Kansas  her 
self;  but  simply  because  Kansas  was  held  bound,  hand  and  foot, 
under  a  foreign  usurpation,  at  the  feet  of  the  president  of  the 
United  States,  and  that  her  admission  now  was  not  only  a  neces 
sary  measure  of  relief  and  redress,  but  was  the  only  practicable  and 
adequate  one. 

I  urged  her  admission  on  the  senate  upon  three  distinct  grounds. 
First,  that  it  would  secure  peace  to  Kansas  and  to  the  country,  then 
fearfully  threatened  with  commotion  and  civil  war.  Secondly,  that 
it  would  be  the  means  of  protecting  property,  life,  and  liberty, 
within  that  territory,  then  dangerously  exposed.  Thirdly,  that  it 
would  be  the  means  of  bringing  Kansas  into  the  Union  as  a  free 
state,  with  the  institutions  of  free  labor,  in  compliance  with  that 
original  pledge  which  once  had  been  given  the  inhabitants  of  that 
territory,  and  afterwards  revoked.  I  introduced  a  bill  for  the  admis 
sion  of  the  new  state  of  Kansas,  and  advocated  its  passage  on  those 
grounds,  while  I  urged  my  objections  against  the  bill  relating  to  the 
same  subject,  which  had  been  presented  to  the  senate  by  the  com 
mittee  on  territories.  There  I  left  the  debate,  and  I  return  to  it  now 
only  because  that  committee  have  abandoned  their  first  bill,  and 
adopted  the  new  one  now  under  consideration.  I  stand  now  by  rny 
own  bill,  which  I  maintain  to  be  preferable  to  the  last  bill  of  the 
committee,  as  it  was  to  the  first.  Some  honorable  senators  seem  to 
think  that  it  is  unreasonable  that  I  do  not  give  up  my  own  bill,  and 
come  down  and  accept  the  new  one,  which  they  are  inclined  to  treat 
as  a  compromise  between  my  own  bill  for  the  immediate  admission 
of  Kansas,  under  the  Topeka  constitution,  and  the  first  bill  of  the 
committee  on  territories.  Why  should  I  surrender  my  own  bill  ? 
If  it  was  wise,  just,  and  necessary,  when  I  presented  it  to  the  senate, 
it  is  as  just,  wise^  and  necessary  now.  It  was  wise,  just,  and  neces 
sary  then,  if  the  circumstances  under  which  the  constitution  of 
Kansas  was  adopted  were  then  truly  stated  and  set  forth  by  me,  in 
my  argument  delivered  in  the  senate.  In  making  that  argument,  I 
had  to  rely  on  probable  evidence,  for  no  other  evidence  then  existed. 

VOL.  IV.  66 


522  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

Now,  a  committee  of  the  house  of  representatives,  after  having  dili 
gently  inquired  on  oath,  have  ascertained   and  confirmed  the  truth 
of  the  circumstances  of  Kansas  which  I  then  assumed.     I  state  those 
circumstances  anew,  on  the  present  occasion,  in  the  moderate  and 
guarded  conclusions  of  the  committee  of  the  house  of  representatives : 

"  Spurious  and  pretended  legislative,  judicial,  and  executive  officers  have  been 
set  over  them,  by  whose  usurped  authority,  sustained  by  the  military  power  of 
the  government,  tyrannical  and  unconstitutional  laws  have  been  enacted  and 
enforced ; 

"  The  rights  of  the  people  to  keep  and  bear  arms  have  been  infringed ; 

<;  Test  oaths,  of  an  extraordinary  and  entangling  nature,  have  been  imposed  as 
a  condition  of  exercising  the  right  of  suffrage  and  holding  office ; 

"  The  right  of  an  accused  person  to  a  speedy  and  public  trial  by  an  impartial 
jury  has  been  denied ; 

"  The  right  of  the  people  to  be  secure  in  their  persons,  houses,  papers,  and 
effects  against  unreasonable  searches  and  seizures,  has  been  violated ; 

"  They  have  been  deprived  of  life,  liberty,  and  property,  without  due  process 
of  law ; 

"  The  freedom  of  speech  and  of  the  press  has  been  abridged ; 

"  The  right  to  choose  their  representatives  has  been  made  of  no  effect ; 

"  Murders,  robberies,  and  arsons,  have  been  instigated  and  encouraged,  and  the 
offenders  have  been  allowed  to  go  unpunished  ; 

"  All  these  things  have  been  done  with  the  knowledge,  sanction,  and  procure 
ment  of  the  present  administration." 

Why,  then,  under  these  circumstances,  should  I  abandon  my  own 
bill  ?  The  honorable  committee  on  territories  have  shown  me 
marked  attention,  by  bestowing  some  criticisms  upon  that  bill. 
They  inform  the  senate  that  the  boundaries  of  the  state  of  Kansas 
assigned  by  the  bill  differ  from  the  boundaries  assigned  by  the 
Topeka  constitution.  The  explanation  is  a  simple  one.  My  bill 
was  drawn  before  the  Topeka  constitution  had  reached  the  senate — 
certainly,  before  it  had  reached  me.  To  avoid  all  question  on  the 
subject  of  boundaries,  I  adopted  those  which  were  assigned  in  the 
bill  which  had  been  reported  by  the  committee  on  territories. 

Again,  the  learned  committee  express  a  doubt  in  their  report 
whether  rny  bill  is  framed  so  as  to  admit  the  state  of  Kansas  under 
the  Topeka  constitution.  I  have  only  to  say.  in  reply,  that  the  bill 
proposes  that  the  state  of  Kansas  shall  be  admitted  immediately. 
The  state  of  Kansas  certainly  has  no  other  constitution  than  the 
Topeka  one;  and  the  bill,  in  form,  is  mutatis  mutandis,  identical 
with  the  law  under  which  California  was  admitted  into  the  Union, 


ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS.  52& 

and  now  holds  her  place  in  the  confederacy.  These,  sir,  are  unim 
portant  matters — matters  of  mere  detail,  unworthy  to  dwell  upon  at 
this  hour  of  the  night,  and  at  this  late  stage  in  the  session  of  congress. 

I  object  to  the  new  bill  of  the  committee  on  territories,  for 
weightier  reasons  than  any  of  mere  criticism  on  details.  I  confess, 
frankly,  that  I  regard  it  as  a  bill  of  concession,  if  not  of  compro 
mise.  Certainly  it  goes  too  far  in  its  concessions  to  the  friends  of 
freedom  in  Kansas,  to  be  identical  with  the  bill  which  it  has  sup 
planted  in  the  affections  of  the  committee  on  territories.  It  permits 
the  people  of  Kansas  to  come  into  the  Union  with  such  population  as 
they  may  have  on  the  4th  of  July  next,  instead  of  obliging  them  to 
wait  until  they  shall  have  a  population  of  ninety-three  thousand 
four  hundred  and  twenty  souls.  It  seems  at  least  also  to  waive  the 
previous  proposition  of  the  committee  on  territories,  of  an  appro- 
priation  for  extraordinary  expense  to  maintain  peace  and  order,  in 
subjection  to  the  usurping  authorities  in  Kansas.  But,  while  the 
bill  goes  so  far,  I  object  against  it,  that  it  stops  short  of  a  remedy 
which  would  restore  peace,  safety,  and  freedom,  in  Kansas. 

I  am  not  bound,  by  any  previous  committals,  to  accept  any  bill 
which  stops  short  of  those  objects. 

First,  however,  I  inquire  what  substantial  objection  lies  against 
my  own  bill  ?  There  is  only  one  which  is  now  seriously  insisted 
upon,  which  is,  that  the  formation  and  adoption  of  the  Topeka  con* 
stitution  were  the  acts,  not  of  the  whole  people,  but  of  one  political 
party — a  portion  of  the  people  of  Kansas  only.  The  honorable 
senator  from  Georgia  says  that  the  constitution  received  only  seven 
hundred  votes.  It  is  true  that  the  free  state  party  instituted  pro 
ceedings  to  call  a  convention  to  decide  whether  it  was  expedient  to 
establish  a  provisional  state,  and  also  the  proceedings  to  call  a  con* 
vention  to  frame  the  constitution.  But  they  invited  all  parties,  and 
all  the  citizens  of  Kansas,  to  participate  in  the  decision  of  every 
question  which  was  thus  brought  under  discussion  ;  and  they  pro 
vided  that  the  proceedings  should  stand  or  fall,  according  to  the  will 
of  the  whole  people  of  Kansas,  expressed  through  the  ballot  boxes 
in  the  customary  way.  By  majorities,  thus  formally  ascertained, 
the  convention  was  called  and  held,  and  the  constitution  was 
established  and  promulgated.  Who  else  should  have  called  the 
convention,  or  instituted  proceedings  towards  the  adoption  of  the 
constitution  ?  Not  congress,  for  congress  had  been  silent  on  the 


524  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

subject  in  the  organic  law !  Not  the  president  nor  the  government, 
for  neither  had  power.  Not  the  territorial  legislature ;  that  was  the 
authority  which  was  to  be  subverted  by  substituting  for  it  a  federal 
state.  Not  those  who  upheld  that  legislature,  because  they  were 
content.  It  is  the  party  which  needs  and  desires  improvement  or 
innovation,  in  every  state,  that  initiates  the  proceedings  by  which  it 
is  to  be  effected.  It  was  unfortunate  that  the  election  for  the 
adoption  of  the  constitution  occurred  only  two  days  after  a  new 
foray  of  the  Missourians  in  the  territory  had  terrified  and  alarmed 
the  people,  and  rendered  it  unsafe  for  the  citizens  of  Kansas  to 
attend  the  polls,  in  all  the  districts  throughout  the  territory.  This 
misfortune,  however,  resulted  from  no  fault  of  the  convention,  or  of 
the  majority  who  adopted  the  constitution.  The  misfortune  itself 
lends  strength  to  the  application  for  the  admission  of  the  state. 
And  there  can  be  no  mistake  in  assuming  that  the  convention  was 
•sustained  by  a  majority  of  the  people,  since  we  find,  by  the  report 
of  the  committee  of  the  house  of  representatives,  that  elections  were 
held  in  seventeen  districts,  which  gave  for  the  constitution  seventeen 
hundred  and  thirty-one  votes,  and  only  forty  six  votes  against  it; 
while  in  the  town  of  Leavenworth  its  opponents  destroyed  the  ballot 
boxes,  which  were  known  to  contain  about  five  hundred  additional 
affirmative  votes,  with  only  thirty-eight  adverse  votes.  The  state 
of  California  was  admitted  into  this  Union,  upon  proceedings  no 
more  legitimate,  no  more  regular,  no  more  warranted  by  any  pre 
existing  laws,  than  these. 

What  California  did,  was  rightly  done,  but  it  was  not  done  in 
pursuance  of  any  law.  It  was  done  without  law,  and  it  was  justi 
fied  then  as  I  justify  similar  proceedings  in  Kansas  now,  on  the 
ground  of  a  high  political  necessity. 

Another  though  lighter  objection  has  been  urged  against  my  bill, 
namely:  that  the  Topeka  constitution  provides  that  it  shall  not  be 
changed  in  less  than  nine  years.  I  do  not  know  this  fact,  but  I  am 
bound  to  assume  it,  on  the  statement  of  the  honorable  senator  from 
Georgia.  My  answer  is,  that  I  am  not  responsible  for  that  provision 
in  the  constitution.  It  is  an  objection  of  the  same  character  with 
one  that  is  made  by  the  honorable  senator  from  Illinois  [Mr. 
DOUGLAS],  namely:  that  the  Topeka  constitution  excludes  free 
colored  persons  from  Kansas.  I  reply  to  both  of  these  objections. 
I  take  the  constitution,  as  we  all  must  take  it,  for  better  or  for  worse 


ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS.  525 

— just  as  it  is — or  we  cannot  admit  the  state  at  all.  The  people  in 
new  states  make  their  constitutions.  Oar  power  is  limited  to  the 
admission  or  rejection  of  a  state,  whatever  its  constitution  may  be. 
Again,  it  is  not  clear  that  the  provision  complained  of  by  the  sena 
tor  from  Georgia  will  prevent  the  people  of  Kansas  from  subverting 
this  constitution,  and  establishing  a  new  one,  at  any  time  short  of 
the  expiration  of  nine  years.  The  constitution  of  the  state  of  New 
York,  established  in  1821,  provided  for  alterations  only  to  be  made 
with  the  consent  of  two  successive  legislatures.  A  party  desiring 
radical  innovation,  and  finding  it  impossible  to  obtain  that  object  in 
the  form  prescribed  in  the  constitution,  secured  a  majority  in  the 
legislature,  and,  without  any  constitutional  authority,  carried 
through  a  law  by  which  proceedings  were  instituted  for  calling  a 
convention,  which  was  subsequently  held,  and  which  framed  a  new 
constitution.  This  new  constitution  being  submitted  to  the  people, 
and  approved  by  them,  in  derogation  of  the  old  one,  became,  and  it 
yet  remains,  the  supreme  law  of  the  land. 

(Mr.  WELLER, — A  state  constitution  must  only  be  republican  in 
form.) 

I  thank  the  honorable  senator  for  the  suggestion,  that  the  only 
question  necessary  and  practical  here  is,  whether  Kansas  has  a  con 
stitution  which  is  republican  in  form.  To  most  senators,  that  is- 
enough,  under  any  circumstances.  I  confess  it  is  not  enough  for  me. 
If  the  provisional  state  of  Deseret  shall  come  here  with  a  constitu 
tion  which  shall  sanction  polygamy,  I  certainly  shall  vote  against 
admitting  as  a  state  a  community  which  has  revived  that  eminently 
patriarchal  institution,  without  stopping  to  decide  whether  the  insti 
tution  is  in  harmony  with  republicanism  or  not. 

I  pass  now  from  my  own  bill  to  consider  the  new  bill  presented 
by  the  committee  on  territories.  So  far  as  the  subject  of  slavery  is 
concerned,  the  most  which  can  be  claimed  for  this  bill  is,  that  it  gives 
an  equal  chance  to  the  people  of  Kansas  to  choose  between  freedom 
and  slavery.  I  can  well  understand  that  the  senator  from  Georgia 
and  the  committee  on  territories  regard  this  feature  of  the  bill  as 
being  entirely  just.  I  differ  from  them  only  because  the  standard 
of  political  justice  which  commends  itself  to  me,  is  a  more  rigid  one. 
I  recognize  no  equality,  in  moral  right  or  political  expediency, 
between  slavery  and  freedom.  I  hold  the  one  to  be  decidedly  good, 
and  the  other  to  be  positively  bad.  I  do  not  think  it  wise,  or  just, 


526  SPEECHES    IN   THE    UNITED  'STATES   SENATE. 

or  necessary,  to  give  to  the  people  of  a  territory,  where  slavery  does 
not  exist,  and  never  has  existed,  the  privilege  of  choosing  slavery. 
The  inhabitants  of  a  new  territory  are  necessarily  in  a  condition  of 
pupilage,  needing  the  guardian  care  as  well  as  counsel  of  congress. 
The  experience  of  Kansas  confirms  this  truth.  On  the  28th  day  of 
May,  1854,  there  was  no  civil  community,  practically  there  was  not 
one  lawful  citizen  within  the  territory.  The  Kansas  organic  law 
passed,  and  lo !  there  was  at  once  on  the  statute  book  a  civil  commu 
nity  there.  But  what  was  its  condition  ?  There  were  a  few  emi 
grants  scattered  throughout  a  territory  of  vast  extent,  unknown  to 
each  other  ;  unorganized,  absolutely  without  civil  institutions,  with 
out  a  treasury,  or  a  militia,  or  public  edifices,  without  organized 
political  parties,  and  without  cultivated  fields,  or  workshops,  or 
established  markets,  and  almost  without  habitations  or  homes; 
incompetent  to  self-defense  or  self-government,  they  were  overborne 
by  a  small  intrusive  force  from  an  adjoining  state;  addressed  by 
foreign  factions,  with  present  temptations  and  seductions,  without 
having  any  concert  of  action  amongst  themselves,  they  were  appealed 
to,  on  the  one  side,  to  institute  slavery,  not  for  their  own  benefit, 
but  for  the  supposed  benefit  of  the  slaveholding  states,  and  to  weaken 
the  power  of  the  free  states — and  on  the  other,  by  arguments  having 
little  weight,  amid  the  confusion  incident  to  the  organization  of  a 
territorv.  Thus  the  greatest  political  question  that  could  be  submit 
ted  to  any  people,  a  question  which  congress  itself  has  been  unable 
to  solve,  was  devolved  for  its  settlement  upon  a  community  which, 
although  it  possessed  extraordinary  intelligence,  was,  by  reason  of 
its  immaturity,  unable  to  elect  even  a  legislature  and  a  magistracy 
for  itself.  The  result  has  been,  not  the  voluntary  establishment  of 
popular  sovereignty  or  of  self  government,  with  or  without  slavery, 
but  a  conquest  and  subjugation  of  the  territory,  with  the  establishment 
of  slavery,  by  slaveholders  from  Missouri.  I  maintain,  and  no  one 
here  will  deny,  that  it  would  have  been  unwise  and  injurious  to  the 
people  of  Kansas,  if  congress  had  directly  established  slavery  in  that 
territory  by  the  organic  law.  Congress  was  bound  to  foresee  the 
operation  of  the  organic  law  which  it  passed.  And  congress  could 
not  pass  a  law,  the  operation  of  which  would  be  to  establish  slavery 
within  the  territory  by  indirect  means,  with  any  more  wisdom,  or 
justice,  or  benevolence,  than  it  could  have  directly  established  slavery 
there.  I  say,  therefore,  that  the  existing  state  of  things  in  Kansas 


THE    PROHIBITION    OF   SLAVERY.  527 

is  the  result  of  the  wrongful  and  injurious  legislation  of  congress 
itself.  I  maintain,  still  more,  that  since  there  was  a  possibility  that 
slavery  might  be  established  within  the  territory  through  popular 
mistake,  or  surprise,  or  conquest,  it  was  a  solemn  responsibility  rest 
ing  upon  congress  to  withhold  from  the  people  therein — so  few, 
scattered,  feeble,  unorganized,  and  deficient  in  the  consolidation 
which  is  essential  to  every  civil  state,  at  least  until  they  should  have 
attained  something  more  of  organization  and  maturity — the  power  to 
decide  so  fearful  a  question.  You  will  tell  me  that  this  is  a  denial  of 
the  capacity  and  of  the  right  of  a  civil  community  to  exercise  self- 
government.  It  is  a  very  different  thing.  It  is  only  insisting  that  a 
people  must  have  the  necessary  elements  of  a  civil  community,  before 
the  power  of  self-government  can  safely  be  assumed  by  them.  I 
admit  and  maintain  the  right  of  every  individual  citizen  to  enjoy  and 
exercise  freedom  and  self-control,  subject  to  the  municipal  law  of  the 
land.  But  I  deny,  at  the  same  time,  that  it  is  a  parental  right  or 
duty  to  refer  to  the  infant  child,  who  is  ultimately  to  become  a  citi 
zen,  the  choice,  during  his  minority,  between  health  and  disease,  or 
between  virtue  and  crime.  The  long  and  short  of  the  whole 
matter  is,  that  until  the  territories  of  the  United  States  become 
matured  and  qualified  to  assume  all  the  powers  of  municipal  govern 
ment,  and  to  be  admitted  as  states  into  the  Union,  they  are  depen 
dencies  in  pupilage  on  the  federal  government,  and  congress  is  their 
only  real  and  sovereign  legislature.  If  slavery  is  a  good  institution, 
a  necessary  one,  and  one  consistent  with  the  constitution  of  the 
United  States,  we  ought  at  once  to  establish  it  by  our  own  act  within 
every  territory  of  the  United  States.  If,  on  the  contrary,  slavery  is 
the  opposite  of  all  these  things,  as  in  my  judgment  it  is,  then  we 
ought  by  our  own  act  to  save  every  territory  of  the  United  States 
from  slavery.  On  this  principle  I  have  acted  throughout  in  regard 
to  Kansas,  as  I  have  acted  throughout  in  regard  to  Utah  and  New 
Mexico.  On  this  principle,  God  being  my  helper,  I  shall  act  in 
regard  to  all  territories  of  the  United  States,  so  long  as  I  shall  remain 
here — so  long  as  I  shall  live. 

I  do  not  now  pursue  the  question  of  the  right  or  of  the  power  of 
congress  to  prohibit  slavery  in  the  territories  of  the  United  States, 
above  this  level  of  realities,  into  the  clouds,  where  the  honorable 
senator  from  Delaware  has  sent  it.  I  do  not  inquire  now  whether 
congress  can  lawfully  prevent  a  state  from  establishing  slavery,  when 


528  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

adopting  its  first  constitution,  or  when  changing  an  old  constitution 
for  a  new  one.  Practically,  that  question  is  immaterial,  and  merely 
a  hypothetical  one.  It  assumes  that  a  state  in  which  slavery  has  no- 
existence,  and  which  is  left  perfectly  free  to  choose  liberty  and  reject 
slavery,  will  nevertheless  establish  slavery;  and  this,  too,  in  the 
nineteenth  century  of  the  Christian  era.  No  state,  under  such  cir 
cumstances,  has  ever  made  such  a  dioice;  no  state,  under  such 
circumstances,  ever  will.  We  had  one  state  without  slavery  when 
the  revolution  began;  that  state  [Massachusetts]  is  a  free  state  yet. 
We  had,  at  the  close  of  the  revolution,  twelve  other  states,  all  which 
were  slave  states.  Of  these,  seven  have  already  abolished  slavery. 
We  have  added  to  these  thirteen  states  eighteen  more,  and  not  one 
of  those  eighteen,  which  was  free  from  slavery  while  in  a  territorial 
condition,  has  ever  since  adopted  it.  On  the  other  hand,  more 
than  one  of  those  states,  which  had  some  territorial  or  provincial 
experience  of  slavery,  have  firmly  and  perseveringly  excluded  it. 
Within  the  same  period  slavery  has  been  abolished  by  Mexico,  by 
all  the  Central  American  states,  by  Chili  and  by  Peru  ;  and  it  now 
exists  only  in  one  state  on  the  American  continent,  besides  our  own 
country,  and  that  is  the  empire  of  Brazil.  During  the  same  period, 
no  European  state  has  established  slavery.  Great  Britain  has  abol 
ished  it ;  France  and  Denmark  have  abolished  it ;  Spain  is  abolishing 
it;  Russia,  and  even  Turkey,  are  abolishing  it.  What  wretched 
sophistry  is  this,  to  charge  me  with  exercising  tyranny  over  the  ter 
ritories  of  the  United  States — the  children  of  the  federal  republic — 
because  I  deny  to  them  the  ruinous  privilege  of  choosing  an  evil  and 
a  curse,  which  no  matured  state,  already  exempt  from  it,  will  adopt, 
and  which  all  such  states  afflicted  with  it  relieve  themselves  from  as 
speedily  as  possible! 

I  am  opposed  to  this  bill  for  these  reasons,  which  are  drawn  exclu 
sively  from  its  bearings  upon  the  people  of  Kansas.  I  am  equally 
opposed  to  it,  for  reasons  drawn  from  its  bearings  upon  the  whole 
Federal  Union.  I  think  that  the  addition  of  every  new  slave  state 
increases  and  prolongs  the  disturbances  of  peace  and  harmony  in  the 
country.  I  know  of  no  evil,  social  or  political,  which  is  ever  sup 
posed  to  threaten  the  stability  of  the  Union,  that  does  not  arise 
immediately  out  of  the  existence  of  slavery.  If  this  Union  is  threat 
ened  in  the  south,  it  is  because  the  rights  of  slaveholders  are  supposed 


ABOLITION    OF   SLAVERY.  529 

to  be  endangered.  If  it  is  threatened  in  the  north,  it  is  because  the 
power  of  slaveholders  is  supposed  to  be  on  the  increase. 

It  is  clear  that  the  more  we  multiply  slave  states,  the  more  this 
fountain  of  bitterness  will  overflow.  Again,  the  more  we  multiply 
slave  states,  the  more  we  hinder  the  emancipation  of  slaves  in  the 
old  states.  That  emancipation,  although  it  is  to  be  instituted,  man 
aged  and  conducted  by  those  slave  states  themselves,  is  a  reformation 
due  from  them  to  themselves  and  to  the  whole  Union,  because  upon 
it  depend  the  highest  possible  development  of  national  wealth,  and 
the  highest  possible  increase  of  national  strength  and  power.  While 
I  do  not  maintain  that  slavery  is  incompatible  with  the  attainment 
of  a  certain  stage  of  prosperity  in  some  states,  under  some  circum 
stances,  I  do  insist,  on  the  contrary,  that,  all  other  things  being  equal, 
every  state  flourishes  permanently  just  in  proportion  as  its  laboring 
population  are  intelligent,  inventive  and  free.  I  am  opposed  to  the 
policy  of  the  bill,  because  the  addition  of  slave  states  tends  to  con 
tinue  and  increase  the  dependence  of  our  country  upon  the  manufac 
turing  industry  and  the  financial  systems  of  foreign  countries,  and 
thus  to  build  up  those  great  interests  in  foreign  countries,  instead  of 
making  our  systems  of  manufactures  and  finance  continental  and 
independent.  During  this  debate,  the  bill  has  been  altered  (I  cannot 
say,  in  parliamentary  language,  amended)  by  the  incorporation  of  a 
feature  which,  if  the  bill  were  otherwise  entirely  acceptable,  would 
necessarily  deprive  it  of  my  support.  The  organic  law  conferred  the 
right  of  suffrage  not  only  upon  aliens  who  had  become  duly  natural 
ized,  but  also  upon  alien  inhabitants  who  have  in  the  forms  of  law 
declared  their  intention  to  become  citizens.  The  bill  before  us  now 
disfranchises  this  latter  class.  I  am  not  to  say  now  for  the  first  time, 
that  I  regard  this  know-nothing  or  American  policy  as  being  equally 
unjust  and  unwise.  I  hold  that  the  right  of  suffrage  is  coextensive 
with  the  obligation  of  submission  to  constituted  republican  authority^ 
While  this  bill  overthrows  that  principle  essential  to  freedom  on  the 
one  side,  it  strikes  a  blow  equally  dangerous  to  freedom  on  the  other, 
by  an  indirect  invitation  to  the  slaveholder  to  bring  his  bondman 
into  the  territory,  and  thus  practically  exclude  the  disfranchised 
European  emigrant.  As  a  general  fact,  labor  in  Kansas,  as  in  all 
our  other  territories  and  states,  must  be  performed  either  by  slaves 
or  by  European  immigrants.  The  American  people,  educated  and 
trained  as  they  are,  do  not  furnish  an  adequate  supply  of  native 

VOL.  IV.  07 


630  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

labor.  This  bill  encourages  slave  labor,  and  discourages  immigrant 
free  labor. 

There  is  another  broad  objection  to  the  bill,  when  regarded  as  a 
measure  which  may  result  in  the  establishment  of  slavery  in  the  ter 
ritories.  If  I  were  asked  what  I  think  is  the  real  ground  of  what 
ever  antagonism  exists  between  the  free  states  and  the  slave  states,  I 
should  say,  that  it  consists  in  the  unequal  extent  within  which  the 
pure  democratic  principle  has  worked  out  its  proper  results  in  the 
two  sections.  In  the  free  states,  labor  being  emancipated,  seizes 
upon  the  democratic  machinery  of  the  government,  and  works  out 
the  results  of  political  and  social  equality  with  great  rapidity  and 
success.  Thus  labor  rules  in  the  free  states.  In  the  slave  states, 
labor  being  enslaved,  the  operation  of  the  pure  democratic  principle 
is  hindered,  and  the  consequence  is,  that  capital  is  more  successful 
in  retaining  its  ancient  sway.  I  am  opposed  to  the  policy  of  favor 
ing  the  multiplication  of  slave  states,  on  the  ground,  broader  than 
any  I  have  yet  taken,  that  it  is  injurious  to  the  cause  of  human 
society  itself.  I  think  it  clear,  that  if  the  sense  of  mankind  in  all 
civilized  nations  could  be  taken,  it  would  be  found  to  require  that 
slavery  should  be  brought  to  an  end  wherever  it  exists,  not  imme 
diately  or  suddenly,  by  violence,  or  without  indemnity,  but  with 
moderation,  prudence  and  sagacious  administration,  and  as  soon  as 
it  can  be  done,  consistently  with  equal  justice.  I  am  unwilling  to 
oppose  myself  or  to  place  my  country  in  an  attitude  of  defiance 
against  the  judgment  and  benevolence  of  mankind. 

I  have  sought  to  find  out  what  plausible  ground  there  can  be  for 
the  creation  of  a  slave  state  in  Kansas,  by  the  act  or  with  the  con 
sent  of  congress.  The  only  ground  which  seems  to  me  to  reach  that 
dignity  is,  that  the  existing  slave  states  require  room  for  expansion 
beyond  their  borders.  I  know  that  growing  states  need  room.  The 
state  of  New  York,  before  it  even  comprehended  its  own  destiny, 
or  had  assumed  its  true  character,  had  already  reproduced  itself  in 
Vermont.  Since  that  time,  it  has  practically  extended  itself  in  the 
forms  of  new  and  additional  states  upon  the  shores  of  all  the  upper 
lakes.  I  do  not,  however,  see  a  necessity  for  more  room  on  the  part 
of  the  slave  states.  Of  course,  I  speak  with  much  hesitation,  but, 
nevertheless,  according  to  the  facts  as  I  understand  them.  The  free 
states  have  an  area  of  612,597  square  miles,  and  sustain  a  popula 
tion  of  fourteen  millions.  The  slave  states,  with  only  ten  millions 


THE   ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS.  531 

of  inhabitants,  have  an  area  of  851,508  square  miles.  The  free 
states  have  a  population  of  twenty-two  to  a  square  mile.  The  slave 
states  have  a  population  of  only  eleven  to  a  square  mile.  The 
increase  of  the  white  population  within  the  last  sixty  years  has  been 
16,380,604,  or  516  per  cent ;  while  the  slave  population  has  increased 
during  the  same  time  only  2,506,416,  or  359  per  cent.  It  may  be 
safely  inferred  from  these  facts  that  the  slave  states  will  actually  need 
no  more  room  within  the  next  half  century.  Again,  if  I  do  not 
mistake,  regarding  the  extension  of  slave  territory  merely  in  an 
economical  aspect,  as  affecting  the  price  of  slaves,  I  think  it  clear 
that  further  expansion  would  be  injurious  to  the  slave  states  them 
selves.  The  cost  of  an  able-bodied  slave,  though  he  is  inferior  in 
capacity  and  intelligence  to  the  white  laborer,  already  exceeds  the 
full  cost  of  the  education  and  maintenance  of  a  white  laborer  in 
Europe  until  he  attains  his  maturity.  If  then,  free  immigrants 
existed  in  sufficient  numbers,  and  had  the  disposition  to  migrate  into 
slaveholding  states,  they  would  supplant  slavery  there  altogether. 

Since  it  thus  appears  that  the  slave  states  have  no  need  for  room 
for  further  expansion,  the  anxiety  and  solicitude  for  the  safety  of  the 
slave  states  against  an  unreasonable  excess  of  slaves  within  their 
territories,  which  have  been  so  freely  and  earnestly  expressed  during 
this  debate,  are  quite  unreal  and  groundless. 

I  pass  on  to  examine  the  bill  in  its  bearings  upon  the  restoration 
of  order  and  the  safety  of  property,  liberty  and  life  within  the  ter 
ritory  of  Kansas.  The  bill  is  especially  commended  to  us  on  the 
ground  that  it  will  effect  those  great  objects.  But  it  seems  to  me  to 
fall  short  of  them  altogether.  It  proposes  that  the  people  of  the 
territory  may  hold  a  convention  in  December  next,  and  adopt  a  state 
constitution.  They  may  refuse  to  adopt  a  constitution ;  and  if  they 
should  adopt  one,  congress  may  nevertheless  reject  the  new  state. 
If  the  people  make  it  a  free  state,  the  senate  may  reject  it,  because  it 
is  free.  If  it  is  made  a  slave  state,  by  any  means,  the  house  of 
representatives  may  reject  it,  because  it  is  a  slave  state.  In  either 
case  the  remedy  is  at  an  end,  and  the  territory  will  be  left  just  where 
it  is  now.  During  the  intervening  interval,  and  after  it,  the  usurped 
and  tyrannical  government  of  the  Missouri  borderers  will  remain  in 
the  full  exercise  of  their  hateful  functions.  The  same  popular  spirit 
of  resolute  independence  which  justly  resists  them  now,  will  con 
tinue  to  resist  them  hereafter.  The  territory  is  practically  under 


532  SPEECHES  IN  THE    UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

martial  law  now,  and  under  martial  law  it  must  remain.  Whereas, 
if  you  admit  the  state  now  under  the  Topeka  constitution,  or  other 
wise  abolish  the  usurpation  existing  there,  it  must  happen  either  that 
the  army  may  be  withdrawn,  or  that,  while  it  shall  maintain  peace 
and  order,  oppression  will  cease. 

The  bill  declares  that  laws  of  a  certain  character  shall  not  be 
enforced  within  the  territory,  and  the  honorable  senator  from  Ken 
tucky  regards  this  provision  as  abrogating  some  of  the  tyrannical 
laws  enacted  by  the  usurping  legislature.  Certainly  it  does  not 
abolish  all  those  laws.  It  is  doubtful  how  many,  or  which  of  them, 
it  does  abolish,  and  whether  it  will  abolish  any  of  them  effectually. 
If  I  did  not  misunderstand  the  honorable  senator  from  Georgia,  the 
author  of  the  bill,  he  gave  it  as  his  opinion,  that  while  the  bill  reas 
serts  and  reenacts  the  bill  of  rights  contained  in  the  constitution  of 
the  United  States,  these  obnoxious  laws  of  Kansas  do  not  in  fact  con 
flict  with  that  bill  of  rights.  Here,  then,  will  be  ample  room  for 
misapprehension,  misunderstanding,  and  conflict.  The  free  state 
party  will  assume  that  these  obnoxious  laws  of  the  usurping  legisla 
ture  are  annulled.  The  slave  state  men,  on  the  other  hand,  will 
maintain  that  they  all  remain  in  force.  The  conflict  between  them 
will  go  to  the  courts  of  the  territory,  for  their  decision.  From  those 
courts  there  is  no  appeal  in  criminal  cases  to  the  supreme  court  of 
the  United  States.  How  those  courts  will  decide  on  questions  to 
which  they  are  virtually  a  party,  we  already  know  too  well,  because 
we  know  they  have  already  adjudicated  that  a  tavern,  in  which  free 
state  men  are  entertained,  is  a  nuisance,  and  that  free  state  presses 
are  nuisances,  and  that  even  a  bridge,  over  which  free  state  men 
travel,  is  also  a  nuisance;  and  that  all  these  nuisances  may  be 
abated,  on  the  presentment  of  a  packed  grand  jury,  without  a  trial, 
and  by  an  armed  posse  comitatus,  consisting  of  enlisted  pro-slavery 
bands;  and  we  know,  also,  that  treason  to  the  United  States  is 
adjudged  by  the  same  courts  to  consist  not  merely  in  levying  war 
against  the  United  States,  or  giving  aid  and  countenance  to  their 
enemies,  but  in  assembling  peacefully  as  citizens,  to  petition  congress 
for  a  redress  of  grievances. 

The  process  which  this  bill  proposes  for  taking  the  census,  dis 
tricting  the  territory,-  and  ascertaining  the  qualifications  of  electors 
and  conducting  the  elections,  is  to  be  confided  to  a  commission 
appointed  by  the  president  of  the  United  States,  by  and  with  the 


THE  ADMISSION   OF   KANSAS.  533 

advice  and  consent  of  the  senate.  I  have  already  seen  who  was 
first  appointed  governor  of  the  territory  by  the  president  and 
senate,  and  how,  and  upon  what  grounds,  he  was  removed  by  the 
president ;  and  who  was  appointed  his  successor  by  the  president 
and  senate,  and  how,  arid  upon  what  grounds,  he  is  retained  by 
the  president.  I  have  also  seen  who  were  appointed  judges  and 
marshals  for  the  territory  by  the  president  and  senate,  and  how, 
and  upon  what  grounds,  they  are  still  retained  in  office  by  the 
president.  I  have  seen  how  the  governor,  judges  and  marshals 
have  plunged  the  territory  into  all  the  horrors  of  anarchy  and  civil 
war,  in  an  effort  to  compel  the  people  to  relinquish  the  right  of 
self-government,  or  to  flee  from  the  territory  for  their  lives.  I  want 
no  more  civil  agents  within  the  territory  appointed  by  the  present 
president  of  the  United  States.  I  said,  when  I  addressed  the  senate 
in  April  last,  that  Kansas  was  brought  to  a  state  of  revolution  by 
the  oppressions  of  the  president  of  the  United  States,  and  had 
assumed  an  attitude  of  revolution,  which  was  tolerated,  indeed,  by 
the  constitution,  but  was,  nevertheless,  an  attitude  of  revolution ; 
and  that,  in  this,  as  in  all  revolutions,  the  evil  could  only  be  cor 
rected  by  separating  the  oppressed  altogether  from  their  political 
relations  to  the  oppressor.  I  say  the  same  thing  now. 

I  will  not  dwell  minutely  on  other  objections  which  have  been 
justly  raised  by  my  associates  here.  I  am  content  to  say,  in  general 
terms,  that  the  president  of  the  United  States  has  perpetrated  a  coup 
d'etat,  by  which  the  territorial  constitution,  given  to  the  people  of 
Kansas  by  the  congress  of  the  United  States,  has  been  absolutely 
subverted ;  that  the  president  holds  despotic  power  over  that  people, 
in  the  name  and  the  form,  indeed,  of  spurious,  legislative,  ministe 
rial,  and  judicial  authorities;  that  slavery  is  practically  established 
there  already  by  force ;  that  a  portion  of  the  people  are  slain,  while 
a  larger  portion  have  been  expelled  from  the  territory  by  force; 
that  the  freedom  of  speech  and  of  the  press,  and  the  personal  invi 
olability  of  the  electors,  as  well  as  the  purity  of  the  ballot-box,  are 
subverted,  while  the  leaders  of  the  party  of  freedom  are  either  dis 
persed  beyond  the  territory,  or  imprisoned  within  it,  on  charges  of 
pretended  crimes.  The  elector  can  only  reach  the  polls  and  deposit 
his  vote  under  the  protection  of  the  army  of  the  United  States. 
The  circumstances  are  parallel,  almost  to  the  line  of  coincidence, 
with  those  which  attended  the  election  by  which  the  republicans  of 


534  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

France  invested  Louis  Napoleon  with  the  powers  of  an  absolute  des 
potism.  Fix  a  day  upon  which  the  people  of  Kansas  shall  decide 
between  slavery  and  freedom,  and,  from  that  day  what  remains  of 
free  population  will  be  spirited  away.  A  new  and  factitious  immi 
gration  of  pro-slavery  electors  will  rush  into  the  territory  from 
adjacent  slave  states.  Order  and  silence  will  indeed  prevail.  The 
elector  will  receive  his  ballot  at  the  hands  of  the  soldiers  who  have 
restored  the  territory  to  this  condition  of  quiet  and  peace;  and  the 
counting  of  the  ballots  will  tell  the  simple  story  that  the  Missouri 
territorial  usurpation  is  adopted  and  converted  into  a  state  sove 
reignty,  by  the  voice  of  the  enslaved  people  of  Kansas. 

Here  is  a  premonition  of  the  manner  in  which  a  slave  state  con 
vention  would  be  obtained  under  this  bill.  It  is  an  extract  from  the 
testimony  of  Colonel  John  Scott,  of  St.  Joseph,  Missouri,  given 
before  the  committee  of  investigation,  and  will  be  found  in  their 
report : 

"  It  is  my  intention,  and  the  intention  of  a  great  many  other  Missourians  now 
resident  in  Missouri,  whenever  the  slavery  issue  is  to  be  determined  upon  by  the 
people  of  this  territory  in  the  adoption  of  the  state  constitution,  to  remove  to 
this  territory  in  time  to  acquire  the  right  to  become  legal  voters  upon  that  ques 
tion.  The  leading  purpose  of  our  intended  removal  to  the  territory  is  to  deter 
mine  the  domestic  institutions  of  this  territory,  when  it  comes  to  be  a  state; 
and  we  would  not  come  but  for  that  purpose,  and  would  never  think  of  coming 
here  but  for  that  purpose.  I  believe  there  are  a  great  many  in  Missouri  who  are 
so  situated." 

We  are  assured,  indeed,  that  the  bill  shall  be  so  modified  as  to 
allow  the  electors,  who  have  fled  the  territory,  to  return.  Who  can 
vouch  for  the  ability  of  those  poor  emigrants,  scattered  over  the 
free  states,  to  return  to  their  homes  in  the  territory,  even  if  they 
should  be  so  disposed  ?  None  can  be  safe  in  the  territory  without 
arms,  or  being  alone.  None  can  return  to  the  territory  in  numbers, 
and  with  arms,  because  such  parties  are  disarmed,  and  sent  back  by 
the  army  of  the  United  States. 

The  honorable  senator  from  Kentucky  [Mr.  CRITTENDEN],  asks  me 
whether  I  will  do  nothing — whether  nothing  shall  be  done  to  com 
pose  the  fatal  strife  in  Kansas,  which,  he  says,  no  one  has  depicted 
in  deeper  colors  than  myself.  I  answer,  Yes.  I  will  vote  for  the 
admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union,  under  the  Topeka  constitution. 
That  measure,  and  that  measure  only,  will  restore  peace  and  har 
mony,  while  it  will  rescue  freedom  from  pe*ril.  Take  that  measure. 


THE   ADMISSION   OF    KANSAS.  535 

If  such  a  thing  is  possible,  as  turning  a  free  state  into  a  slave  state, 
you  will  yet  have  the  opportunity  to  do  so,  if  the  welfare  of  Kansas, 
and  of  our  common  country,  should  seem  to  you  to  require  it.  ]f 
you  will  not  adopt  that  measure,  it  will  then  remain  for  you  to  pro 
pose  another  remedy;  but  it  must  be  more  just  and  more  tolerant 
of  freedom  than  either  of  those  which  you  have  already  submitted 
to  the  senate,  and  it  must  surrender  all  the  vantage  ground  in  the 
territory,  which  slavery  has  acquired  by  fraud  or  force.  If  this  bill, 
now  before  the  senate,  is  your  ultimatum,  then  the  people  of  Kansas 
must  trust  to  that  change  of  public  sentiment  and  of  public  opinion 
now  going  on  throughout  the  United  States,  which,  although  it  yet 
has  to  acquire  the  strength  of  habit  and  the  power  of  complete 
organization,  nevertheless,  I  think,  is  sure  enough  to  break  all  the 
fetters  which  have  been  already  fastened  upon  them,  and  all  that 
remain  within  the  forge  of  executive  despotism.  To  the  people  of 
Kansas,  and  to  every  advocate  of  their  cause,  in  this  the  crowning 
trial  of  their  fidelity,  I  say,  in  the  language  of  the  rule  I  have 
adopted  for  the  government  of  my  own  conduct, 

"  Let  thy  scope 

Be  one  fix'd  mind  for  all ;  thy  rights  approve 
To  thy  own  conscience  gradually  renewed ; 
Learn  to  make  Time  the  father  of  wise  Hope ; 
Then  trust  thy  cause  to  the  arm  of  Fortitude, 
The  light  of  Knowledge,  and  the  warmth  of  Love." 


KANSAS  AND  THE  ARMY.1 

THIS  is  a  bill  appropriating  about  twelve  millions  of  dollars,  to 
defray  the  expenses  of  the  military  establishment  of  the  United 
States,  for  the  ensuing  fiscal  year.  Its  form  and  effect  are  those 
which  distinguish  a  general  appropriation  bill  for  the  support  of  the 
army,  such  as  is  annually  passed  by  congress.  Only  one  exception 
to  it,  as  it  came  to  the  senate  from  the  house  of  representatives,  has 
been  taken  here.  It  contains  what  is  practically  an  inhibition  of  the 
employment  of  the  army  of  the  United  States,  by  the  president,  to 

1  Speech  on  the  Army  Bill  in  the  United  States  senate,  August  7,  1856. 


536  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

enforce  the  so-called  laws  of  the  alleged  legislature  of  the  territory 
of  Kansas.  The  senate  regards  that  inhibition  as  an  obnoxious 
feature,  and  has,  by  what  is  called  an  amendment,  proposed  to  strike 
it  from  the  bill,  overruling  therein  my  vote ;  and  the  senate  now 
proposes  to  pass  the  bill  thus  altered  here,  and  to  remit  it  to  the 
house  of  representatives,  for  concurrence  in  the  alteration.  In  the 
hope  that  that  house  will  insist  on  the  prohibition  which  has  been 
disapproved  here,  and  that  the  senate  will,  in  case  of  conflict,  ulti 
mately  recede,  I  shall  vote  against  the  passage  of  the  bill  in  its 
present  shape. 

In  submitting  my  reasons  for  this  course,  I  have  little  need  to 
tread  in  the  several  courses  of  argument  which  have  been  opened 
by  distinguished  senators  who  have  gone  before  me  in  this  debate. 
Certainly,  however,  I  shall  attempt  to  emulate  the  examples  of  the 
honorable  senators  from  Virginia  and  South  Carolina  [Mr.  HUNTER 
and  Mr.  BUTLER],  by  avoiding  remarks  in  any  degree  personal,  be 
cause,  on  an  occasion  of  such  grave  importance,  although  I  may  not 
be  able  to  act  with  wisdom,  I  am  sure  I  can  so  far  practice  self-con 
trol  as  to  debate  with  decency,  and  deport  myself  with  dignity.  I 
shall  neither  defend  nor  arraign  any  political  party,  because  I  should 
vote  on  this  occasion  just  as  I  am  now  going  to  vote,  if  not  merely 
one  of  the  parties,  but  all  of  the  parties  in  the  country  stood  arrayed 
against  me. 

I  shall  not  reply  to  any  of  the  criticisms  which  have  been  be 
stowed  upon  the  inhibition  proposed  by  the  house  of  representatives, 
nor  shall  I  attempt  to  reconcile  that  inhibition  with  other  bills, 
which  have  been  passed  by  the  house  of  representatives  and  sent  to 
this  house  for  concurrence.  I  shall  not  even  stop  to  vindicate  my 
own  consistency  of  action  in  regard  to  the  territory  of  Kansas ; 
because,  first,  I  am  not  to  assume  that  what  now  seems  an  opening 
disagreement  between  the  senate  and  the  house  of  representatives, 
will  ripen  into  a  case  of  decided  conflict;  and  because,  secondly,  if 
it  shall  so  ripen,  then  there  will  be  time  for  argument  at  every  stage 
of  the  disagreement ;  while  its  entire  progress  and  consummation 
will  necessarily  be  searchingly  reviewed  throughout  the  length  and 
breadth  of  the  country,  and  the  conflict  itself  will  thereafter  stand  a 
landmark  for  all  time  in  the  history  of  the  republic.  I  shall  en 
deavor  to  confine  myself  closely  to  the  questions  which  are  imme 
diately  involved,  at  this  hour,  in  a  debate  which,  in  the  event 


KANSAS  AND  THE  ARMY.  537 

apprehended,  will  survive  all  existing  interests  and  all  living  states 
men. 

The  prohibition  of  the  employment  of  the  army  to  enforce  alleged 
statutes  in  Kansas,  which  the  house  of  representatives  proposes,  and 
which  the  senate  disapproves,  grows  out  of  the  conflict  of  opinion 
which  divides  the  senate  unequally,  which  divides  the  house  of  rep 
resentatives  itself  nearly  equally,  and  which,  if  the  prohibition 
itself  expresses  the  opinion  of  a  majority  of  that  house,  separates  it 
from  the  senate  and  from  the  president  of  the  United  States.  It  is 
manifestly  a  conflict  which  divides  the  country  by  a  parallel  of  lati 
tude.  In  this  conflict,  one  party  maintains,  as  I  do,  that  the  legisla 
tion,  and  the  territorial  legislature  itself,  of  Kansas,  are  absolutely 
void.  The  other  party,  on  the  contrary,  insists  that  the  legislation 
and  the  legislature  of  the  territory  of  Kansas  are  valid,  and  must 
remain  so  until  they  shall  be  constitutionally  superseded  or  abrogated. 

The  senator  from  Virginia  [Mr.  HUNTER]  argues  that  the  act  of 
the  house  of  representatives,  in  inserting  the  prohibition  in  this  bill, 
is  revolutionary,  and  that  persistence  in  it  would  effect  a  change  of 
the  constitution  of  the  government.  I  refrain  from  arguing  that 
question  elaborately  now,  because,  while  I  am  satisfied,  from  my 
knowledge  of  the  temper  and  habit  of  the  senate,  that  it  is  likely 
enough  to  adhere  to  the  course  which  it  has  indicated,  I  am  at  the 
same  time  by  no  means  so  certain  that  the  house  of  representatives 
will  not  ultimately  recede  from  the  ground  which,  by  the  act  of  a 
bare  majority,  at  all  times  unreliable  during  the  present  session,  it 
has  assumed.  I  speak  with  the  utmost  respect  towards  the  house 
of  representatives,  and  with  entire  confidence  in  the  patriotic  motives 
of  all  its  members ;  but  I  must  confess  that,  in  all  questions  concern 
ing  freedom  and  slavery  in  the  United  States,  I  have  seen  houses  of 
representatives,  when  brought  into  conflict  with  the  senate  of  the 
United  States,  recede  too  often  and  retreat  too  far  to  allow  me  to 
assume  that  in  this  case  the  present  house  of  representatives  will 
maintain  the  high  position  it  has  assumed  with  firmness  and  perse 
verance  to  the  end.  I  saw  a  house  of  representatives,  in  1850, 
which  was  delegated  and  practically  pledged  to  prohibit  the  exten 
sion  of  slavery  within  the  unorganized  territories  of  the  United 
States,  then  newly  acquired  from  Mexico,  refuse  to  perform  that  great 
duty,  and  enter  into  a  compromise,  which,  however  intended,  practi 
cally  led  to  the  abandonment  of  all  those  territories  to  universal 

VOL.  IV.  68 


538  SPEECHES  IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

desecration  by  slavery.  I  saw  a  house  of  representatives,  in  1854, 
forget  the  sacred  reverence  for  freedom  of  those  by  whom  it  was 
constituted,  and  abrogate  the  time-honored  law  under  which  the  ter 
ritories  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska  had  until  that  time  remained  safe, 
amid  the  wreck  which  followed  the  unfortunate  compromise  of  1850, 
and  thus  prepare  the  way  for  that  invasion  by  slavery  of  all  that 
yet  remained  for  the  sway  of  freedom  in  the  ancient  domain  of 
Louisiana,  which  has  since  taken  place  in  Kansas. 

Ever  since  I  adopted  for  myself  the  policy  of  opposing  the  spread 
of  slavery  in  the  train  of  our  national  banner,  consecrated  to  equal 
and  universal  freedom,  my  hopes  have  been  fixed,  not  on  existing 
presidents,  senates,  or  houses  of  representatives,  but  on  future  presi 
dents  and  future  congresses — and  my  hopes  and  faith  grow  stronger 
and  stronger,  as  each  succeeding  president,  senate,  and  house  of 
representatives,  fails  to  adopt  and  establish  that  policy,  so  eminently 
constitutional  and  conservative.  My  hopes  and  my  faith  thus  grow 
on  disappointment,  because  I  see  that  by  degrees,  which  are  marked, 
although  the  progress  seems  slow,  my  countrymen,  who  alone  create 
presidents  and  congresses,  are  coming  to  apprehend  the  wisdom  and 
justice  of  that  beneficent  policy,  and  to  accept  it.  The  short-com 
ings  of  the  present  house  of  representatives  do  not  discourage  me. 
I  do  not  even  hold  that  body  responsible.  I  know  how,  in  the  very 
midst  of  the  canvass  in  which  its  members  were  elected,  the  public 
mind  was  misled,  and  diverted  to  the  discussion  of  false  and  fraudu 
lent  issues  concerning  the  principles  and  policy  of  the  church  of 
Rome,  and  the  temper,  disposition,  and  conduct  of  aliens  incorpo 
rated  into  the  republic.  But  although  I  hold  the  present  house  of 
representatives  excusable,  I  must,  nevertheless,  in  assigning  its  true 
character,  be  allowed  to  say  of  it,  that  it  is  deceptive  like  the  moon, 
which  presents  a  broad  surface,  all  smooth  and  luminous  when  seen 
at  a  distance,  but  covered  with  rough  and  dark  mountains  when 
brought  near  to  the  eye  by  the  telescope.  I  shall  vote,  therefore,  on 
this  occasion,  with  the  house  of  representatives,  against  a  majority 
of  the  senate,  careless  whether  that  house  itself  shall,  like  other 
houses  of  representatives  which  have  gone  before  it,  renounce  and 
repudiate  its  own  decision  which  I  thus  sustain,  and  complacently 
range  itself,  with  the  senate  and  the  president  of  the  United  States, 
against  myself  and  those  senators  who  shall  have  gone  with  me  to 
its  support. 


KANSAS   LAWS.  539 

The  subject  under  consideration  is  legitimately  within  the  jurisdic 
tion  of  congress,  and  consequently  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  house 
of  representatives.  There  must  be  authority  somewhere  to  decide 
Vhether  the  territorial  legislature  of  Kansas  is  a  legal  and  constitu 
tional  body,  and  whether  its  statutes  are  valid.  The  president  of  the 
United  States  has  no  authority  to  decide  those  questions  definitely, 
because  the  decision  involves  an  act  of  sovereign  legislation  within 
the  constitutional  sphere  of  congress.  The  judiciary  cannot  deci 
sively  determine  those  questions,  because  their  own  determinations, 
in  such  a  case,  may  be  modified  or  reversed,  and*  set  aside  by  con 
stitutional  legislative  enactment,  and  because  the  judiciary  has  no 
power  to  apply  the  means  necessary  to  give  effect  to  its  decisions. 

The  subject  is  an  actual  government  of  the  territory  of  Kansas, 
to  be  established  and  maintained  by  constitutional  laws.  All  legisla 
tive  power  over  Kansas,  as  well  as  all  legislative  power  whatever 
permitted  by  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  is  vested  in 
congress,  and  of  course  in  the  house  of  representatives,  coordinately 
with  the  senate,  and  subject  to  a  veto  of  the  president.  The  house 
of  representatives  may  constitutionally  pass  a  bill  abrogating  the 
pretended  legislation  and  legislature  of  Kansas,  or  declaring  them 
to  be  already  absolutely  void.  The  greater  includes  the  less.  The 
house  of  representatives  may,  therefore,  lawfully  pass  a  bill  prohibit 
ing  the  employment  of  the  army  of  the  United  States  in  executing 
laws  in  Kansas,  which  it  deems  pernicious,  no  matter  by  whom  those 
laws  were  made. 

Since  the  house  of  representatives  has  power  to  pass  such  a  bill 
distinctly,  it  has  power,  also,  to  place  an  equivalent  prohibition  in 
any  bill  which  it  has  constitutional  power  to  pass.  And  so  it  has  a 
constitutional  right  to  place  the  prohibition  in  the  annual  army  ap 
propriation  bill. 

I  grant  that  this  mode  of  reaching  the  object  proposed  is  an 
unusual  one,  and  in  some  respects  an  inconvenient  one.  It  is  not, 
therefore,  however,  an  unconstitutional  one,  or  even  necessarily  a 
wrong  one. 

It  is  a  right  one,  if  it  is  necessary  to  effect  the  object  desired,  and 
if  that  object  is  one  that  is  in  itself  just,  and  eminently  important  to 
the  peace  and  happiness  of  the  country,  or  to  the  security  of  the 
liberties  of  the  people.  The  house  of  representatives,  moreover,  is 
entitled  to  judge  and  determine  for  itself,  whether  the  proceeding 


£40  SPEECHES   IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

is  thus  necessary,  and  whether  the  object  of  it  is  thus  important.  It 
is  true  that  the  senate  may  dissent  from  the  house,  arid  refuse  to 
•concur  in  the  prohibition.  In  that  case,  each  of  the  two  houses 
exercises  an  independent  right  of  its  OWE,  and  upon  its  own  proper 
responsibility  to  the  people.  If  the  conflict  shall  continue  to  the 
end,  and  the  bill  therefore  shall  fail,  the  people  will  decide  between 
the  two  houses,  in  the  elections  which  will  follow,  and  they  will  take 
care  to  bring  them  to  an  agreement  in  harmony  with  the  popular 
decision. 

The  proceeding  in  the  present  case  is  thus  necessary,  and  its  object 
is  thus  important.  Pretended  but  invalid  laws  are  enacted  by  usur 
pation,  and  enforced  by  the  president  of  the  United  States  in  the 
territory  of  Kansas,  with  the  terror,  if  not  with  an  actual  application, 
-of  the  military  arm  of  the  government.  At  least,  this  is  the  case 
assumed  by  the  house  of  representatives.  It  is  altogether  a  new 
one.  It  has  not  occurred  before.  It  has  never  even  been  supposed 
possible  that  such  a  case  could  happen  in  a  territory  of  the  United 
States.  The  idea  has  never  before  entered  into  the  mind  of  an 
American  statesman,  that  citizens  of  one  state  could  with  armed 
force  enter  any  other  state  or  territory,  and  by  fraud  or  force  usurp 
its  government,  and  establish  a  tyranny  over  its  people,  much  less 
that  a  president  of  the  United  States  would  be  found  to  sanction 
such  a  subversion  of  state  authority  or  of  federal  authority  ;  and 
still  less,  that  a  president  thus  sanctioning  it  would  employ  the 
standing  army  to  maintain  the  odious  usurpation  and  tyranny. 

The  mere  fact,  in  this  case,  that  the  army  is  required  to  be  em 
ployed  to  execute  alleged  laws  in  Kansas,  is  enough  to  raise  a  pre 
sumption  that  those  laws  are  either  wrong  in  principle  or  destitute 
of  constitutional  authority,  and  ought  not  to  be  executed. 

The  territory  of  Kansas,  although  not  a  state,  is,  or  ought  to  be, 
nevertheless,  a  civil  community,  with  a  republican  system  of  gov 
ernment.  In  other  words,  it  is  de  jure,  and  ought  to  be  de  facto,  a 
republic — an  American  republic,  existing  under  and  by  virtue  of 
the  constitution  of  the  United  States.  If  the  laws  which  are  to  be 
executed  there  are  really  the  statutes  of  such  a  republican  govern 
ment  truly  existing  there,  then  those  laws  were  made  by  the  people 
of  Kansas  by  their  own  voluntary  act.  According  to  the  theory  of 
our  government,  these  laws  will  be  acquiesced  in  by  that  people,  and 
executed  with  their  own  consent  against  all  offenders,  by  means  of 


A   STANDING   ARMY.  Oil 

merely  civil  police,  without  the  aid  of  the  army  of  the  United 
States.  The  army  of  the  United  States  is  not  a  mere  institution  of 
domestic  police ;  nor  is  it  a  true  or  proper  function  of  the  army  to 
execute  the  domestic  laws  of  the  several  states  and  territories.  Its 
legitimate  and  proper  functions  are  to  repel  foreign  invasion,  and 
suppress  insurrections  of  the  native  Indian  tribes.  It  is  only  an 
occasional  and  incidental  function  of  that  army  to  suppress  insur 
rections  of  citizens  seldom  expected  to  occur. 

This  capitol  is  surrounded  by  a  national  metropolis,  and  its  streets, 
lanes,  and  alleys  are  doubtless  filled  with  misery  and  guilt,  adequate 
to  the  generation  of  all  sorts  of  crimes.  Yet  the  laws  prescribed  for 
municipal  government  within  the  district  of  Columbia  are  executed 
without  the  aid  of  the  army  of  the  United  States.  Neither  house 
of  congress,  nor  the  common  council  of  Washington,  nor  the  com 
mon  council  of  Georgetown,  nor  the  president  of  the  United  States, 
nor  the  marshal  of  the  district  of  Columbia,  nor  yet  the  mayors  of 
either  of  those  cities,  nor  any  court  within  the  district,  is  attended 
by  any  armed  force  or  detachment,  or  protected  even  by  an  armed 
sentinel. 

Why  is  this  so  ?  It  is  because  the  people  acquiesce,  and  the  laws- 
execute  themselves.  This  case  of  the  district  of  Columbia  is  the 
strongest  which  can  be  presented  against  the  principle  for  which  I 
contend,  for  the  people  of  the  district  are  actually  disfranchised,  out 
of  regard  to  the  security  of  the  federal  government. 

Look  into  the  states — into  Maryland  on  one  side  of  the  federal 
capital,  and  into  Virginia  on  the  other ;  into  Delaware  as  you  ascend 
northward,  into  Nortli  Carolina  as  you  descend  southward,  into- 
Pennsylvania  and  into  South  Carolina,  into  New  Jersey  and  into 
Georgia,  even  into  Maine  and  into  Texas ;  go  eastward — go  west 
ward,  throughout  all.  the  states,  throughout  even  the  territories, 
Minnesota,  Utah,  Washington,  Oregon,  and  New  Mexico — every 
where  throughout  the  republic,  from  the  gulf  of  St.  Lawrence  to 
the  gulf  of  Mexico,  from  the  Atlantic  coast  to  the  Pacific  ocean — 
everywhere,  except  in  Kansas,  the  people  are  dwelling  in  peaceful 
submission  to  the  laws  which  they  themselves  have  established,  free 
from  any  intrusion  of  the  army  of  the  United  States.  The  time- 
was,  and  that  not  long  ago,  when  a  proposition  to  employ  the  stand 
ing  army  of  the  United  States  as  a  domestic  police  would  have  been, 
universally  denounced  as  a  premature  revelation  of  a  plot,  darkly 


SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

contrived  in  the  chambers  of  conspiracy,  to  subvert  the  liberties  of 
the  people,  and  to  overthrow  the  republic  itself. 

The  republic  stands  upon  a  fundamental  principle,  that  the  people, 
in  the  exercise  of  equal  rights,  will  establish  only  just  and  equal 
laws,  and  that  their  own  free  and  enlightened  public  opinion  is  the 
only  legitimate  reliance  for  the  maintenance  and  execution  of  such 
laws.  This  principle  is  not  even  peculiar  to  ourselves — it  lies  at  the 
foundation  of  the  government  of  every  free  people  on  earth.  It  is 
public  opinion,  not  the  imperial  army,  that  executes  the  laws  of  the 
realm  in  England,  Scotland,  and  Ireland.  Whenever  France  is  free, 
it  is  public  opinion  that  executes  the  laws  of  her  republican  legisla 
ture.  It  is  public  opinion  that  executes  the  laws  in  all  the  cantons 
of  Switzerland.  The  British  constitution  is  quite  as  jealous  of 
standing  armies  as  a  police,  as  our  own.  Government  there,  indeed, 
maintains  standing  armies,  as  it  does  a  great  naval  force;  but  it 
employs  the  one,  as  it  does  the  other,  exclusively  for  defense,  or  for 
conquest,  against  foreign  states.  Fearful  lest  the  armed  power  of 
the  state  might  be  turned  against  the  people,  to  enforce  obnoxious 
edicts  or  statutes,  the  British  constitution  forbids  that  any  regular 
army  whatever  shall  be  tolerated,  on  any  pretense.  The  considera 
ble  military  force  which  is  maintained  in  different  and  distant  parts 
of  the  empire,  only  exists  by  a  suspension  of  that  part  of  the  con 
stitution,  which  suspension  is  renewed  by  Parliament  from  year  to 
year,  and  never  for  more  than  one  year  at  a  time.  Civil  liberty,  and 
a  standing  army  for  the  purposes  of  civil  police,  have  never  yet 
stood  together,  and  never  can  stand  together.  If  I  am  to  choose 
between  upholding  laws,  in  any  part  of  this  republic,  which  can 
not  be  maintained  without  a  standing  army,  or  relinquishing  the 
laws  themselves,  I  give  up  the  laws  at  once  by  whomsoever  they  are 
made,  and  by  whatever  authority ;  for,  either  our  system  of  govern 
ment  is  radically  wrong,  or  such  laws  are  unjust,  unequal,  and 
pernicious. 

Such  is  the  presumption  against  the  pretended  laws  of  Kansas, 
which  arises  out  of  the  proposition  to  debate.  I  shall  not,  however, 
in  so  grave  a  case,  leave  my  argument  to  rest  upon  mere  pre 
sumption.  Listen  to  rne  while  I  recite  some  of  the  principal  statutes 
of  the  territorial  legislature  of  Kansas,  which  the  senate,  differing 
from  the  house  of  representatives,  proposes  to  enforce  at  the  point 
of  the  bayonet  against  citizens  of  the  United  States : 


SPURIOUS   LAWS.  543 

"No  person  who  is  conscientiously  opposed  to  the  holding  of  slaves,  or  who  does 
not  admit  the  right  to  hold  slaves  in  this  territory,  shall  be  a  juror  in  any  cause  in 
which  the  right  to  hold  any  person  in  slavery  is  involved,  nor  in  any  cause  in 
which  any  injury  done  to,  or  committed  by,  any  slave,  is  in  issue,  nor  in  any 
criminal  proceeding  for  the  violation  of  any  law  enacted  for  the  protection  of  slave 
property,  arid  for  the  punishment  of  crime  committed  against  the  right  to  such 
property." 

Here  is  an  edict  which  subverts  that  old  Saxon  institution,  which 
is  essential  and  indispensable,  not  only  in  all  republican  systems  of 
government,  but  even  in  every  free  state,  whatever  may  be  the  form 
of  its  government.  The  question  has  been  avsked  a  thousand  times, 
why  does  the  republican  system  fail  in  Spanish  America?  The 
answer  is  truly  given  as  often,  that  the  republican  system  fails  there, 
because  the  trial  by  jury  has  never  existed  in  Spanish  America,  and 
cannot  be  introduced  there. 

Lend  your  ear,  if  you  please,  while  I  repeat  another  of  these 
statutes  of  the  territory  of  Kansas : 

"  All  officers  elected  or  appointed  under  any  existing  or  subsequently-enacted 
laws  of  this  territory,  shall  take  and  subscribe  the  following  oath  of  office :  '  I, 

,  do  solemnly  swear,  upon  the  holy  Evangelists  of  Almighty  God,  that  I 

will  support  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  and  that  I  will  support  and  sus 
tain  the  provisions  of  an  act  entitled  "  An  act  to  organize  the  territories  of  Ne 
braska  and  Kansas,"  and  the  provisions  of  the  law  of  the  United  States  commonly 
known  as  the  "fugitive  slave  law"  and  faithfully  and  impartially,  and  to  the  best 

of  my  ability,  demean  myself  in  the  discharge  of  my  duties  in  the  office  of ; 

so  help  me  God.'  " 

Here  is  an  edict  which  establishes  a  test  oath,  based  on  political 
opinion,  and,  by  disfranchising  one  class  of  citizens,  devolves  the 
government  upon  another  class,  and  thus  subverts  that  principle  of 
equality,  without  which  no  truly  republican  government  has  ever 
existed,  or  ever  can  exist. 

Excuse  me,  senators,  for  calling  to  your  notice  a  third  chapter  in 
the  territorial  code  of  Kansas : 

"  If  any  free  person,  by  speaking  or  by  writing,  assert  or  maintain  that  persons 
have  not  the  right  to  hold  slaves  in  this  territory,  or  shall  introduce  into  this  territory, 
print,  publish,  write,  circulate,  or  cause  to  be  introduced  into  this  territory,  written, 
printed,  published,  or  circulated,  in  this  territory,  any  book,  paper,  magazine  pam 
phlet,  or  circular,  containing  any  denial  of  the  right  of  persons  to  hold  slaves  in 
'this  territory,  such  person  shall  be  deemed  GUILTY  OF  FELONY,  and  punished  by 
imprisonment  at  hard  labor  for  a  term  of  not  less  than  two  years." 

"  If  any  person  print,  write,  introduce  into,  publish,  or  circulate,  or  cause  to  be 
brought  into,  printed,  written,  published,  or  circulated,  or  shall  knowingly  aid  or 


544  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

assist  in  bringing  into,  printing,  publishing,  or  circulating,  within  this  territory, 
any  book,  paper,  pamphlet,  magazine,  hand-bill,  or  circular,  containing  any  state 
ments,  arguments,  opinion,  sentiment,  doctrine,  advice,  or  inuendo,  calculated  to 
produce  a  disorderly,  dangerous,  or  rebellious  disaffection  among  the  slaves  in  this 
territory,  or  to  induce  such  slaves  to  escape  from  the  service  of  their  masters,  or 
to  resist  their  authority,  he  shall  be  guilty  of  felony,  and  be  punished  by  imprison 
ment  and  hard  labor  for  a  term  not  less  than  five  years." 

Ever  since  the  debate  about  the  extension  of  slavery  in  the  terri 
tories  of  the  United  States  began,  I  have,  from  year  to  year,  from 
month  to  month,  and  sometimes  even  from  day  to  day,  in  this  place, 
and  at  other  posts  of  public  duty,  spoken,  written,  printed,  pub 
lished,  and  circulated  speeches,  books,  and  papers,  which  construc 
tively  would  be  pronounced  felonious,  if  such  a  law  as  this  had  been 
in  force  at  the  place  where  that  duty  was  performed.  I  have  not 
hesitated  in  the  spirit  of  a  free  man,  and,  so  far  as  I  can  claim  such 
characters,  under  the  responsibilities  of  a  statesman  and  a  Christian, 
to  scatter  broadcast  over  the  land,  and  even  throughout  the  territory 
of  Kansas  itself,  statements,  opinions,  and  sentiments,  which,  though 
designed  for  a  purpose  different  from  that  mentioned  in  this  edict,  I 
doubt  not  would,  by  prejudiced  judicial  construction,  be  held  to  fall 
within  its  inhibition.  Whatever  other  senators  may  choose  to  do,  I 
shall  not  direct  the  president  of  the  United  States  to  employ  a  stand 
ing  army  in  destroying  the  fruits  of  freedom  which  spring  from 
seeds  I  have  conscientiously  sown  with  my  own  free  hand.  This 
statute,  if  so  you  insist  on  calling  it,  subverts  the  liberty  of  the  press 
and  the  liberty  of  speech.  Where  on  earth  is  there  a  free  govern 
ment  where  the  press  is  shackled  and  speech  is  strangled?  When 
the  republic  of  France  was  subverted  by  the  first  consul,  what  else 
did  he  do,  but  shackle  the  press  and  stifle  speech?  When  the 
second  Napoleon  restored  the  empire  on  the  ruins  of  the  later  repub 
lic  of  France,  what  else  did  he  do,  than  to  shackle  the  press  and 
strangle  debate?  When  Santa  Anna  seized  the  government  of 
Mexico,  and  converted  it  into  a  dictatorship,  what  more  had  he  to 
do  than  shackle  the  press  and  stifle  political  debate? 

Behold,  senators,  another  of  these  statutes.  In  the  chapter  which 
treats  of  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus  we  have  this  limitation  : 

"  No  negro  or  mulatto  held  as  a  slave  within  this  territory,  or  lawfully  arrested, 
as  a  fugitive  from  service  from  another  state  or  territory,  shall  be  discharged,  nor 
shall  his  right  of  freedom  be  had  under  the  provisions  of  this  act." 


BARBAROUS    LAWS.  545 

This  is  an  edict,  which  suspends  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus.  It 
relates  indeed  to  a  degraded  class  of  society,  but  still  the  writ  which 
is  taken  away  from  that  class  is  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  and  those 
who  are  to  be  deprived  of  it  by  the  edict  may  be  freemen.  The 
state  that  begins  with  denying  the  habeas  corpus  to  the  humblest  and 
most  obscure  of  freemen,  will  not  be  long  in  reaching  a  more  indis 
criminate  proscription. 

It  ought  to  be  sufficient  objection  here,  against  all  these  statutes, 
that  they  conflict  with  the  constitution  of  the  United  States,  the 
highest  law  recognized  in  this  place.  I  myself  denounce  them  for 
that  reason,  as  I  denounce  them  also  because  they  are  repugnant  to 
the  laws  of  nature,  as  recognized  by  nearly  all  civilized  states. 

Pardon,  I  pray  you,  senators,  the  prolixity  of  the  next  chapter, 
which  I  extract  from  the  Kansas  code : 

"Every  person  who  may  be  sentenced  by  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction, 
under  any  law  in  force  within  this  territory,  to  punishment  by  confinement  and 
hard  labor,  shall  be  deemed  a  convict,  and  shall  immediately,  under  the  charge  of 
the  keeper  of  such  jail  or  public  prison,  or  under  the  charge  of  such  person  as  the 
keeper  of  such  jail  or  public  prison  may  select,  be  put  to  hard  labor,  as  in  the  first 
section  of  this  act,  specified,  to  wit:  'on  the  streets,  roads,  public  buildings,  or 
other  public  works  of  the  territory'  (  §  1,  page  146) ;  and  such  keeper  or  other 
person,  having  charge  of  such  convicts,  shall  cause  such  convict,  while  engaged  at 
such  labor,  to  be  securely  confined  by  a  chain,  six  feet  in  length,  of  not  less  than 
four-sixteenths  nor  more  than  three-eighths  of  an  inch  links,  with  a  round  ball  of 
iron,  of  not  less  than  four  nor  more  than  six  inches  in  diameter,  attached,  which 
chain  shall  be  securely  fastened  to  the  ankle  of  such  convict  with  a  strong  lock  and 
key;  and  such  keeper,  or  other  person,  having  charge  of  such  convict,  may,  if 
necessary,  confine  such  convict,  while  so  engaged  at  hard  labor,  by  other  chains,  or 
other  means,  in  his  discretion,  so  as  to  keep  such  convict  secure,  and  prevent  his 
escape ;  and  when  there  shall  be  two  or  more  convicts  under  the  charge  of  such- 
Keeper,  or  other  person,  such  convicts  shall  be  fastened  together  by  strong  chains, 
with  strong  locks  and  keys,  during  the  time  such  convicts  shall  be  engaged  in  hard 
labor  without  the  walls  of  any  jail  or  prison." 

I  have  devoted,  heretofore,  no  unimportant  part  of  my  life  to  miti 
gating  the  severity  of  penal  codes.  The  senate  of  the  United  States 
now  informs  us,  that  if  I  desire  the  privilege  of  voting  for  this  bill, 
which  is  designed  to  maintain  the  army  of  the  United  States  in  its 
integrity,  I  must  consent  to  send  that  army  into  the  territory  of 
Kansas,  to  fasten  chains  of  iron  six  feet  long,  with  balls  of  iron  four 
inches  in  diameter,  with  strong  locks,  upon  the  limbs  of  offenders 

VOL.  IV.  69 


546  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

guilty  of  speaking,  printing  and  publishing  principles  and  opinions 
subversive  of  the  system  of  slavery. 

I  have  no  excessive  tenderness  in  regard  to  taking  life  or  liberty 
as  a  forfeiture  to  the  majesty  of  the  laws,  for  the  invasion  of  the 
peace  and  safety  of  society.  Yet  I  do  say,  nevertheless,  that  I 
regard  chains  and  balls,  and  all  such  implements  and  instruments  of 
slavery,  with  a  detestation  so  profound,  that  I  will  sooner  take  chains 
upon  rny  own  frame,  and  wear  them  through  what  may  remain  of 
my  own  pilgrimage  here,  than  impose  them,  even  where  punishment 
is  deserved,  upon  the  limbs  of  rny  fellow  men.  I  cannot  consent  to 
go  backward,  and  restore  barbarism  to  the  penal  code  of  the  United 
States,  even  for  the  sake  of  an  appropriation  to  maintain  the  army 
of  the  United  States  for  a  single  year. 

The  Kansas  code  rises,  as  you  advance  through  it,  to  a  climax  of 
inhumanity.  Here  is  the  next  chapter: 

"  If  any  person  shall  aid  or  assist  in  enticing,  decoying,  or  persuading,  or  carry 
ing  away,  or  sending  ovt  of  this  territory,  any  slave  belonging  to  another,  with 
intent  to  procure  or  effect  the  freedom  of  such  slave,  or  with  intent  to  deprive  the 
owner  thereof  of  the  services  of  such  slave,  he  shall  be  adjudged  guilty  of  grand 
larceny,  and  on  conviction  thereof  shall  suffer  death,  or  be  imprisoned  at  hard  labor 
for  not  less  than  ten  years." 

Pray  tell  me,  senators,  what  you  think  of  that?  This  statute  has 
been  promulgated  in  Kansas,  a  territory  of  the  United  States.  It 
can  have  become  a  law  there  only,  directly  or  indirectly,  through 
the  exercise  of  the  legislative  power  of  the  congress  of  the  United 
States.  The  constitution  of  the  United  States  confers  upon  congress 
no  power  whatever  to  consign  any  human  being  to  a  condition  of 
bondage  or  slavery  to  another  human  being ;  but,  on  the  contrary, 
prohibits  the  exercise  of  a  power  so  inhuman  and  barbarous. 

The  constitution  of  the  United  States,  consequently,  confers  on 
congress  no  power,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  make  it  a  crime  in  one 
man  to  persuade  another,  reduced  to  bondage  or  slavery,  to  seek  his 
freedom.  I  repudiate  this  pretended  law,  therefore,  and  I  will  not 
consent  to  send  the  army  of  the  United  States  to  Kansas  to  execute  it. 

I  am  here  asked,  while  voting  twelve  million  dollars  to  support 
the  federal  army,  to  make  it  a  crime  against  the  United  States,  pun 
ishable  with  death,  to  persuade  a  slave  to  escape  from  bondage,  and 
to  command  the  army  to  execute  that  punishment.  I  cannot  do  that. 


BARBAROUS   LAWS.  547 

tn  ~~ 

I  call  your  attention  to  another  of  these  enactments : 

"  If  any  person  shall  entice,  decoy,  or  carry  away  out  of  this  territory,  any  slave 
belonging  to  another,  with  intent  to  deprive  the  owner  thereof  of  the  services  of 
such  slaves,  or  with  intent  to  effect  or  procure  the  freedom  of  such  slave,  he  shall 
be  adjudged  guilty  of  grand  larceny,  and,  on  conviction  thereof,  shall  suffer  DEATH 
or  be  imprisoned  at  hard  labor  for  not  less  than  ten  years." 

There  is  no  larceny  of  property  of  any  kind  which,  in  my  judg 
ment,  demands  punishment  by  death.  Certainly,  I  shall  not  agree 
to  a  law  which  shall  inflict  that  extreme  punishment  for  constructive 
larceny,  in  a  case  where  it  is  at  least  a  disputed  point  in  ethics, 
whether  the  offense  is  malum  in  se. 

Here  is  another  chapter  : 

"  If  any  slave  shall  commit  petit  larceny,  or  shall  steal  any  neat  cattle,  sheep  or 
hog,  or  be  guilty  of  any  misdemeanor,  or  other  offense  punishable  under  the  pro 
visions  of  this  act  only  by  fine  or  imprisonment  in  a  county  jail,  or  by  both  such  fine 
and  imprisonment,  he  shall,  instead  of  such  punishment,  be  punished,  if  a  male, 
by  stripes  on  his  bare  back  not  exceeding  thirty-nine ;  or,  if  a  female,  by  imprison 
ment  in  a  county  jail  not  exceeding  twenty-one  days,  or  by  stripes  not  exceeding 
twenty-one,  at  the  discretion  of  the  justice." 

With  repentance  and  atonement  I  may  hope  to  be  forgiven  for 
inflicting  blows  upon  the  person  of  a  fellow  man,  equal  in  strength 
and  vigor  to  myself.  I  should  have  no  hope  to  be  forgiven,  much 
less  to  retain  my  own  self-respect,  if,  on  any  occasion,  under  any 
circumstances,  or  upon  any  pretext,  I  should  ever  consent  to  apply, 
or  authorize  another  to  apply,  a  lash  to  the  naked  back  of  a  weak, 
defenseless,  helpless  woman. 

Call  these  provisions  which  I  have  recited  by  what  name  you  will 
— edicts,  ordinances,  or  statutes — they  are  the  laws  which  the  house 
of  representatives  says  shall  not  be  enforced  in  Kansas  by  the  army 
of  the  United  States.  I  give  my  thanks  to  the  house  of  representa 
tives,  sincere  and  hearty  thanks.  I  salute  the  house  of  representa 
tives  with  the  homage  of  my  profound  respect.  It  has  vindicated 
the  constitution  of  my  country ;  it  has  vindicated  the  cause  of  free 
dom  ;  it  has  vindicated  the  cause  of  humanity.  Even  though  it  shall 
tamely  rescind  this  vindication  to-morrow,  when  it  shall  come  into 
conflict  with  the  senate  of  the  United  States,  yet  I  shall  nevertheless 
regard  this  proviso,  standing  in  that  case  only  for  a  single  day,  as  an 
omen  of  more  earnest  and  firm  legislation  in  that  great  forum. 


548  SPEECHES   IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

When,  hereafter,  one  shall  be  looking  through  the  pages  of  statute 
laws,  affecting  the  African  race,  for  a  period  of  more  than  a  quarter 
of  a  century,  he  will  regard  this  ephemeral  recognition  of  the 
equality  of  men  with  the  affection  and  hope  which  the  traveler  feels 
when  approaching  a  green  spot  in  the  deserts  of  Arabia.  It  must  be 
other  senators,  not  I,  who  shall  consent  to  blast  this  oasis,  and  dis 
appoint  all  the  hopes  that  already  are  bursting  the  bud  upon  it. 

Although  the  fact  is  clear  that  the  pretended  laws  in  Kansas  can 
only  be  executed  by  armed  force,  and  therefore  are  obnoxious  to  a 
presumption  that  they  are  founded  in  injustice ;  and  although  those 
laws,  upon  searching  examination,  are  found  to  be  subversive  of  the 
constitution,  and  in  conflict  with  all  the  sentiments  of  humanity,  the 
whole  case  of  the  house  of  representatives  has  nevertheless  not  yet 
been  stated.  The  proceedings  which  have  hitherto  taken  place  in 
executing  those  laws  have  been  unconstitutional  in  their  character, 
and  attended  with  grinding  oppression  and  cruel  severity.  The 
senator  from  Virginia  has  asked  me  whether  such  laws  do  not  exist 
in  Missouri. 

I  suppose  such  laws  exist  in  that  state,  and  in  other  states.  I  have 
this  to  say  for  those  states,  and  for  the  United  States,  that  a  federal 
standing  army  has  never  been  employed  in  executing  such  laws  in 
those  states.  And  how  have  these  atrocious  laws  been  executed  in 
Kansas  ?  The  marshal  of  the  territory,  an  officer  dependent  on  the 
president  of  the  United  States,  has  enrolled  as  a  volunteer  militia,  at 
the  expense  of  the  federal  treasury,  an  armed  band  of  professed  pro 
pagandists  of  slavery  from  other  states ;  and  this  so-called  militia, 
but  really  unconstitutional  regular  force,  has  been  converted  into  a 
posse  comitatus  to  execute  these  atrocious  statutes  by  intimidation,  or 
by  force,  as  the  nature  of  the  resistance  encountered  seemed  to 
require.  This  has  been  the  form  of  executive  action.  What  has 
been  the  conduct  of  the  judicial  department?  Courts  of  the  United 
States  have  permitted  grand  juries  to  find,  and  have  maintained, 
indictments  unknown  to  the  laws  of  the  United  States,  to  the  com 
mon  law,  and  to  the  laws  of  all  civilized  countries — an  indictment 
of  a  tavern  as  a  nuisance,  because  the  political  opinions  of  its  lodgers 
were  obnoxious  ;  an  indictment  of  a  bridge  over  a  river  for  a  nui 
sance,  because  those  who  passed  over  it  were  of  opinion  that  the 
establishment  of  slavery  in  the  territory  was  injurious  to  its  pros 
perity  ;  indictments  even  of  printing  presses  as  nuisances,  because 


BARBAROUS  LAWS.  549 

the  political  opinions  which  they  promulgated  were  favorable  to 
the  establishment  of  a  free  state  government.  Either  with  a  war 
rant  from  the  courts,  or  without  a  warrant,  but  with  their  conni 
vance,  bands  of  soldiers,  with  arms  belonging  to  the  United  States, 
and  enrolled  under  its  flag,  and  directed  by  its  marshal,  combining 
with  other  bands  of  armed  invaders  from  without  the  territory,  and 
without  even  the  pretense  of  a  trial,  much  less  of  a  judgment,  have 
abated  the  alleged  nuisance  of  a  tavern  by  leveling  it  to  the  ground, 
and  the  pretended  nuisances  of  the  free  presses  by  casting  type,  and 
presses,  and  compositors'  desks,  into  the  Kansas  river. 

Moreover,  when  the  citizens,  whose  obedience  to  these  laws  was 
demanded,  sought  relief  in  the  only  constitutional  way  which 
remained  open  to  them,  by  establishing  conditionally,  and  subject  to 
the  assent  of  congress,  to  be  afterwards  obtained,  a  state  govern 
ment,  provisional  executive  officers,  and  a  provisional  legislature, 
indictments  for  constructive  treason  were  found  in  the  same  courts, 
by  packed  grand  juries,  against  these  provisional  executive  officers, 
and  a  detachment  of  the  army  of  the  United  States  entered  the  legis 
lative  halls,  and  expelled  the  representatives  of  the  people  from  their 
seats.  During  the  intense  heat  of  this  almost  endless  summer,  a 
regiment  of  federal  cavalry  performs  its  evolutions  in  ranging  over 
the  prairies  of  Kansas,  holding  in  its  camp,  as  prisoners  under  mar 
tial  law,  without  bail  or  mainprize,  not  less  than  ten  citizens,  thus 
indicted  in  those  federal  courts  for  the  pretended  crime  of  construc 
tive  treason.  The  penalty  of  treason,  under  the  laws  of  the  United 
States,  is  death.  What  chance  for  justice  attends  those  citizens.  I 
will  show  you.  The  judge  who  is  to  try  them  procured  the  indict 
ments  against  them,  by  a  charge  to  a  packed  grand  jury,  in  these 
words : 

"  This  territory  was  organized  by  an  act  of  congress,  and,  so  far,  its  authority 
is  from  the  United  States.  It  has  a  legislature,  elected  in  pursuance  of  that  organic 
act.  This  legislature,  being  an  instrument  of  congress  by  which  it  governs  the 
territory,  has  passed  laws.  These  laws,  therefore,  are  of  United  States  authority 
and  making  ;  and  all  that  resist  these  laws  resist  the  power  and  authority  of  the 
United  States,  and  are  therefore  guilty  of  high  treason. 

"  Now,  gentlemen,  if  you  find  that  any  persons  have  resisted  these  laws,  then 
you  must,  under  your  oaths,  find  bills  against  such  persons  for  high  treason.  If 
you  find  that  no  such  resistance  has  been  made,  but  that  combinations  have  been 
formed  for  the  purpose  of  resisting  them,  and  individuals  of  influence  and  noto 
riety  have  been  aiding  and  abetting  in  such  combinations,  then  must  you  still  find 
bills  for  constructive  treason,"  &c. 


550  SPEECHES   IN  THE   UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

4 

What  will  it  avail  their  defense,  before  such  a  court  and  such  a 
judge,  that  the  constitution  of  the  United  States  declares,  directly 
and  explicitly,  that  treason  against  the  United  States  shall  consist 
only  in  levying  war  against  them,  or  in  adhering  to  their  enemies, 
giving  them  aid  and  comfort? 

Thus  you  see,  senators,  that  the  executive  authority,  not  content 
with  simple  oppression,  has  seized  upon  the  judiciary,  and  corrupted 
and  degraded  it,  for  the  purpose  of  executing  those  pretended  and 
intolerable  laws  of  Kansas.  The  judge  who  presides  in  the  territo 
rial  courts  is  a  creature  of  the  president  of  the  United  States,  and 
holds  his  office  by  the  tenure  of  executive  pleasure.  While  the 
sword  of  executive  power  is  converted  in  Kansas  into  an  assassin's 
dagger,  the  ermine  of  justice  is  stained  with  the  vilest  of  contami 
nations.  What  cause  is  there  for  surprise,  then,  in  the  administra 
tion  of  government  in  Kansas,  under  such  laws,  and  in  a  manner  so 
intolerable,  that  a  civil  war  has  been  brought  about  by  affidavits,  an 
armed  force  has  been  employed  in  executing  process  for  contempt, 
and  an  unauthorized  and  illegal  detachment  is  enrolled  in  the  ser 
vice  of  the  United  States,  and  employed  in  abating  domestic,  social, 
and  political  institutions,  under  the  name  of  nuisances?  What 
wonder  is  it  that  a  city  has  been  besieged  with  fire  and  sword,  be 
cause  it  was  supposed  to  contain  within  its  dwellings  individuals 
who  denied  the  legality  and  obligation  of  the  pretended  laws? 
What  wonder  that  a  state,  a  provisional  state,  erected  in  harmony 
.with  the  constitution  and  with  custom,  and  waiting  our  assent  for 
admission  into  the  Union,  has  been  subverted  by  a  mingled  pro 
cess  of  indictments  and  martial  demonstrations  against  constructive 
treason  ?  Who  can  fail  to  see  through  the  cloud  which  executive 
usurpation  and  judicial  misconstruction  have  raised,  for  the  purpose 
of  covering  these  transactions  in  Kansas,  that  it  is  devotion  to  free 
dom  which  alone  constitutes  any  crime  in  that  territory,  in  the  view 
of  its  judges,  its  ministerial  officers,  and  of  the  president  of  the 
United  States  ?  And  that  that  crime,  in  whatever  way  it  may  be 
committed,  in  their  judgment,  constitutes  treason  ?  Who  does  not 
see  that  devotion  to  freedom,  applauded  in  all  the  world  besides,  in 
Kansas  is  a  crime  to  be  expiated  with  death  ? 

I  have  argued  thus  far,  from  the  nature  of  the  pretended  laws  of 
Kansas,  and  from  the  cruel  and  illegal  severity  with  which  they  are 
executed.  I  shall  draw  my  next  argument  from  the  want  of  consti- 


USURPATION   IN    KANSAS.  551 

tutional  authority  on  the  part  of  the  legislature  which  enacted  these 
laws.  The  report  of  the  Kansas  investigating  committee  of  the 
house  of  representatives,  consisting  of  the  evidence  of  witnesses, 
numbered  by  hundreds,  and  biased  against  the  conclusion  at  which 
the  house  of  representatives  has  arrived,  has  established  the  fact 
upon  which  I  insisted  in  opening  this  debate,  on  the  ninth  of  April 
last,  that  the  legislature  of  Kansas  was  chosen,  not  by  the  people,  bmt 
by  an  armed  invasion  from  adjoining  states,  which  seized  the  ballot 
boxes,  usurped  the  elective  franchise,  and  by  fraud  and  force  organized 
a  government,  thereby  subverting  the  organic  law,  and  the  authority 
of  the  United  States.  At  another  time,  and  under  different  circum 
stances,  a  single  invader,  after  the  manner  adopted  by  Colonel  Wil 
liam  Walker,  in  Nicaragua,  might  have  entered  the  territory  of 
Kansas  with  an  armed  force,  and  established  a  successful  usurpation 
there.  Let  me  suppose  that  he  had  done  so,  and  had  promulgated 
these  identical  statutes  in  the  name  of  the  territory  of  Kansas,  would 
you  hold,  would  the  senate  hold,  would  the  president  of  the  United 
States  hold,  that  such  a  government,  thus  established,  was  a  legal 
one,  and  that  statutes  thus  ordained  were  valid  and  obligatory  ? 
That  is  the  present  case.  It  differs  only  in  this :  that  in  the  case 
supposed,  there  is  a  single  conqueror,  only  one  local  and  reckless 
usurper ;  while  in  the  case  of  Kansas,  an  associated  band  are  the  con 
querors  and  usurpers. 

The  territorial  legislature  of  Kansas  stands  on  the  foundations  of 
fraud  and  force.  It  attempts  to  draw  over  itself  the  organic  law 
enacted  in  1854,  but  it  is  equally  subversive  of  the  liberties  of  the 
people  of  Kansas,  and  of  that  organic  law,  and  of  the  authority 
of  the  United  States.  The  legislature  and  territorial  government  of 
Kansas  stand  on  no  better  footing  than  a  coup  d'etat,  a  revolution. 
When  honorable  senators  from  the  other  side  of  this  chamber  tell 
me  that  I  am  leading  the  people  of  Kansas  into  revolution,  I  fear 
lessly  reply  to  them  that  they  have  stood  idly  by,  and  seen  a  revo 
lution  effected  there.  Doubtless  they  have  acted  with  a  sincerity  of 
purpose  and  patriotism  equal  to  my  own.  They  see  the  facts  and  the 
tendency  of  events,  in  a  light  different  from  that  in  which  these  facts 
and  transactions  present  themselves  to  me.  They,  therefore,  insist 
upon  maintaining  that  revolution,  and  giving  it  the  sanction  of  con 
gress,  by  authorizing  the  standing  army  of  the  United  States  to 
execute  the  laws  which  that  revolution  has  promulgated.  The 


552  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

house  of  representatives,  on  the  contrary,  denounces  the  revolution, 
and  stands  upon  the  authority  of  the  United  States ;  and,  for  the 
purpose  of  putting  an  end  to  that  revolution  and  restoring  federal 
authority,  insists  that  these  pretended  laws  shall  not  be  executed. 
In  this  great  controversy  I  leave  the  majority  of  the  senate,  and 
take  my  stand  by  the  side  of  the  house  of  representatives.  You 
warn  me  that,  if  we  do  not  recognize  these  revolutionary  authorities 
in  Kansas,  the  territory  will  be  without  an  organized  state  at  all,  and 
will  relapse  into  anarchy.  The  house  of  representatives  meets  you 
boldly  on  that  issue,  and  replies  that  if  there  are  not  laws  in  force, 
exclusive  of  these  pretended  statutes,  adequate  to  the  purposes  of 
civil  government  in  Kansas,  they  have  invited  you  in  two  separate 
bills,  which  they  have  sent  up  here,  widely  variant  in  character,  but 
each  adapted  to  the  case,  to  provide  for  the  restoration  of  regular 
and  constitutional  authority  in  Kansas.  One  bill  proposes  to  recog 
nize  and  establish  the  state  of  Kansas  under  the  Topeka  constitu 
tion  ;  and  the  other  proposes  to  reorganize  the  territorial  legislature, 
with  proper  amendments  of  the  organic  law.  Thus  far,  you  have 
practically  refused  to  accept  either  of  these  propositions.  If,  when 
congress  shall  have  adjourned,  the  result  shall  be  that  Kansas  is  left 
without  the  protection  of  adequate  laws  and  civil  authority,  look 
you  to  that.  The  responsibility  will  not  rest  on  me,  nor  on  the 
house  of  representatives. 

I  desire  on  this  great  occasion — perhaps  the  last  one  of  full  debate 
during  the  present  session  of  congress — to  deliver  my  whole  mind 
upon  this  important  subject.  I  add,  therefore,  that  the  tendency 
and  end — I  will  not  say  object — of  the  revolution  which  has  been 
effected  in  Kansas,  which  has  been  effected  by  her  conquerors, 
through  the 'countenance  and  aid  of  the  president  of  the  United 
States,  are  not  of  such  a  character  as  to  reconcile  me  to  that  revolu 
tion.  That  end  is  the  establishment  of  human  slavery  within  the 
territory  of  Kansas.  If  I  should  go  with  you  and  the  majority  of 
the  senate  in  emasculating  this  army  bill,  as  it  came  from  the  house 
of  representatives,  I  should  thereby  show  that  I  was  at  least  indiffer 
ent  on  so  great  an  issue.  I  could  never  forgive  myself  hereafter, 
when  reviewing  the  course  of  my  public  life,  if  I  had  assented 
to  inflict  upon  even  the  present  settlers  of  Kansas,  few  and  poor,  and 
scattered  through  its  forests  and  prairies,  as  they  are,  what  I  deem 
the  mischiefs  and  evils  of  a  system  of  compulsory  labor,  excluding, 


USURPATION   IN   KANSAS.  553 

as  we  know  by  experience  that  it  always  does,  the  intelligent  labor 
of  free  men. 

But  it  is  not  merely  on  to-day  and  on  this  generation  that  I  am 
looking.  I  cannot  restrain  my  eyes  from  the  effort,  at  least,  to  pen 
etrate  through  a  period  of  twenty-five  years — of  fifty  years — of  a 
hundred  years — of  even  two  hundred  years — so  far,  at  least,  as  a 
statesman's  vision  ought  to  reach  beyond  the  horizon  that  screens 
the  future  from  common  observation.  All  along  and  through  that 
dimly-explored  vista,  I  see  rising  up  before  me  hundreds  of  thou 
sands,  millions,  even  tens  of  millions,  of  my  countrymen,  receiving 
their  fortunes  and  fates,  as  they  are  being  shaped  by  the  action  of 
the  congress  of  the  United  States,  in  this  hour  of  languor,  at  the 
close  of  a  weary  day,  near  the  end  of  a  protracted  and  tedious  ses 
sion.  I  shall  not,  indeed,  meet  them  here  on  the  earth,  but  I  shall 
meet  them  all  on  that  day  when  I  shall  give  up  the  final  account  of 
that  stewardship  which  my  country  has  confided  to  me.  If  I  were 
now  to  consent  to  such  an  act,  with  my  existing  opinions  and  con 
victions,  the  fruit  of  early  patriotic  and  Christian  teachings,  matured 
by  reading  of  history ;  by  observation  in  states  where  freedom 
flourishes  as  well  as  in  societies  where  slavery  is  tolerated ;  by  expe 
rience  throughout  a  life  which  already  approaches  a  climacteric;  by 
travel  in  my  own  and  foreign  lands;  by  reflection  under  the  disci 
pline  of  conscience  and  the  responsibilities  of  duty ;  by  social  con 
verse,  and  by  a  thousand  collisions  of  debate;  I  should  be  obliged, 
when  that  last  day  shall  come  to  me  (as  it  must  come  to  all),  to  call 
upon  the  rocks  and  the  mountains  to  fall  upon  me,  and  crush  me  and 
my  name,  detested  then  by  myself,  into  that  endless  oblivion  which  is 
the  most  unwelcome  of  all  evils,  real  or  imaginary,  to  the  thoughts 
of  a  generous  and  illuminated  human  mind.  Policy  forbids  me  to 
do  it.  Justice  forbids  me  to  do  it.  Humanity  forbids  me  to  do  it. 
And  the  constitution  of  my  country — wisest  of  all  constitutions — 
most  equal  of  all  constitutions — most  humane  of  all  constitutions 
which  the  genius  of  man  has  ever  framed — forbids  me  to  do  it. 

I  have  arrived  now  at  another  question  much  debated  here, 
namely,  whether  the  inhibition  which  is  contained  in  the  bill  as  it 
carne  from  the  house  of  representatives,  and  to  which  the  senate 
objects,  is  germane  to  the  bill.  If  that  inhibition  really  has  the 
importance  with  which  I  have  invested  it,  then  the  question,  whether 
it  is  germane  or  not,  is  worthless  and  trivial. 
VOL.  IV.  70 


554  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

In  an  act  of  such  high  necessity  as  the  resistance  and  suppression 
of  revolution  subversive  of  civil  government  and  public  liberty, 
questions  of  parliamentary  form  sink  into  insignificance;  but  the 
question  is  germane.  It  is  a  normal  provision,  of  a  character  iden 
tical  with  the  bill  itself.  The  bill  proposes  an  appropriation  to 
defray  the  expenses  of  the  army  of  the  United  States  for  one  year, 
and  necessarily  contemplates  the  character  and  nature  of  the  service 
in  which  the  army  is  to  be  employed.  It  is  framed  with  such  fore 
sight  as  the  house  of  representatives  can  exercise  of  the  places 
where  the  army  shall  be  employed,  whether  in  the  states  or  in  the 
territories,  or  in  foreign  campaigns,  and  of  the  nature  and  character 
of  its  employments,  whether  training  in  camp,  building  fortifica 
tions,  suppressing  Indian  insurrections,  repelling  invasions,  or  car 
rying  the  banner  of  our  stars  and  stripes  in  conquest  over  an  enemy's 
battalions  in  hostile  countries.  It  is  confessed  that  congress,  and 
not  the  president  of  the  United  States,  has  power  to  direct  the  des 
tination  and  employment  of  the  army  in  all  these  respects. 

And  now  what  does  the  provision  propose?  Simply  this:  that 
while  it  leaves  the  discretion  of  the  president  free  exercise  to  employ 
the  army  where  he  shall  think  fit  in  maintaining  federal  laws,  and, 
consistently  with  existing  statutes,  the  laws  of  ever}^  state  in  the 
Union,  and  of  every  territory  in  the  Union,  he  shall  not  do  this  one 
thing — employ  that  army  in  executing  the  pretended  and  obnoxious 
statutes  of  the  usurpation  in  Kansas.  On  the  point,  whether  this 
inhibition  is  germane  to  the  bill,  you,  senators,  think  that  you  are 
making  an  issue  with  the  house  of  representatives,  on  which,  when  you 
go  down  before  the  people,  the  senate  will  stand  and  the  house  will 
fall.  I  know  well  the  conservative  power  that  is  lodged  in  twelve 
millions  of  dollars — Spanish-milled  dollars ;  but  I  know,  also,  the 
virtue,  the  conservative  virtue,  which  resides  in  the  hearts  and  con 
sciences  of  twenty-five  millions  of  American  freemen.  The  people 
of  the  United  States,  in  this  case,  will  never  stop  to  ask  whether 
the  inhibition  is  germane  or  not.  They  are  not  yet  prepared  to 
receive  their  own  money  back  at  your  hands,  on  condition  of  the 
surrender  of  liberty  or  the  denial  of  justice.  But  if  I  grant  that 
the  people  will  stand  by  you,  and  condemn  the  house  of  representa 
tives,  still,  in  that  case,  I  take  my  stand  with  the  house  of  repre 
sentatives.  The  American  people  have  a  persevering  way  of  cor 
recting  to-day  their  error  of  yesterday.  When  the  temporary 


USURPATION   IN   KANSAS.  555 

inconvenience  which  they  shall  have  suffered  from  your  act  of  with 
holding  from  them  the  twelve  millions  of  dollars  which  ought  to  be 
disbursed  to  them  through  the  operations  of  the  army  shall  have 
passed  away,  they  will  call  you  to  account  for  the  injustice  which 
will  have  inflicted  that  injury,  and  will  then  vindicate  their  fidelity 
to  liberty  and  justice,  while  sternly  bestowing  upon  you  the  censure 
you  have  provoked. 

Whatever  may  be  the  decision,  early  or  late,  of  the  American 
people,  the-  judgment  now  to  be  given  will  go  for  review  to  the  tri 
bunal  of  the  civilized  world.  It  needs  little  of  either  learning  or 
foresight  to  anticipate  the  decision  of  that  tribunal  on  the  issue, 
whether  the  senate  is  right  in  using  bayonets  and  gunpowder  to 
execute  unconstitutional  and  tyrannical  laws,  tending  to  carry 
slavery  into  free  territories,  or  the  house  of  representatives  is  right 
in  maintaining  the  constitution  and  the  universality  of  freedom? 

The  whole  question  of  the  propriety  of  the  inhibition,  hinges  on 
the  point  whether,  under  the  circumstances,  it  is  necessary.  I  appeal 
on  that  point  to  the  senate  itself,  to  the  country,  and  to  the  world. 
Either  the  inhibition  must  be  continued  in  the  bill,  and  so  take  effect, 
or  else  the  army  will  be  employed  to  enforce  these  atrocious  laws. 
Every  other  effort  to  defeat  and  abrogate  them  has  failed.  This 
attempt  is  the  last  that  can  be  made.  It  is,  therefore,  this  remedy 
for  the  revolution  in  Kansas  which  we  must  adopt,  or  no  remedy. 
I  go,  therefore,  with  the  house  of  representatives  for  the  inhibition 
which  it  proposes. 

You  reply,  that  if  the  house  of  representatives  persevere,  the  bill 
will  fail,  and  thus  the  action  of  the  government  will  be  arrested. 
But  although  the  house  shall  persevere  in  the  right,  the  bill  will  not 
fail,  and  the  action  of  the  government  will  not  be  arrested,  unless 
the  senate  shall  persevere  in  the  wrong.  If  both  shall  persevere, 
and  the  action  of  the  government  shall  be  arrested,  on  whom  will 
the  responsibility  fall?  Must  the  house  necessarily  surrender  its 
own  convictions  and  adopt  yours,  in  all  cases,  whether  they  are  right 
or  wrong  ?  If  so,  pray  tell  me,  senators,  what  is  the  use  of  a  house 
of  representatives  at  all  ?  The  senate  will  find,  if  it  shall  assume 
the  position  of  defiance  against  the  house,  that  it  has  not  weakened 
the  strength  of  the  house  of  representatives,  but  periled  its  own. 

By  the  letter  of  the  constitution,  the  house  of  representatives  has 
exclusive  right  to  originate  all  bills  for  raising  revenue.  By  custom 


656  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

inherited  from  Great  Britain,  and  unbroken  since  the  adoption  of  the 
federal  constitution,  the  house  of  representatives  exclusively  originates 
all  general  appropriation  bills.  This  exclusive  right  and  custom  of 
originating  general  appropriation  bills,  involves  at  least  an  equal 
right  on  the  part  of  the  house  of  representatives  to  limit  or  direct 
the  application  of  the  moneys  appropriated.  The  house,  in  view  of 
the  revolution  inaugurated  in  Kansas  by  the  president,  with  the  aid 
of  the  army  of  the  United  States,  and  maintained  by  the  senate, 
might  lawfully,  if  in  its  discretion  it  should  deem  such  a  course 
expedient,  refuse  to  appropriate  any  money  whatever  for  the  support 
of  the  army.  The  greater  includes  the  less.  The  house  may,  there 
fore,  attach  the  prohibition  as  a  condition  of  the  grant  of  supplies 
for  the  army.  The  honorable  senator  from  Maine  [Mr.  FESSENDEN] 
has  sagely  said,  in  the  course  of  his  excellent  speech,  that  the  house 
has,  by  reason  of  its  constitution,  a  peculiar  and  superior  fitness  for 
passing  on  the  question  involved  in  this  debate.  Its  members  are 
fresh  from  the  people,  and  they  go  hence  directly  to  render  an 
account  to  the  people  of  the  administration  of  the  national  treasury. 
We  of  the  senate  are  so  far  removed,  by  the  duration  of  our  terms 
of  office,  as  practically  to  be  in  a  measure  irresponsible.  The  house 
of  representatives  is  constituted  by  direct  election  by  the  people 
themselves.  We  of  the  senate  are  sent  here  by  the  legislatures  of 
the  respective  states.  They  are  great  political  bodies,  and  justly 
represented  here  as  such,  to  check,  if  need  be,  the  too  volatile  action 
of  the  people  through  the  house  of  representatives.  But  they  are 
-corporations,  nevertheless,  and  the  senate  is  a  body  representing  cor 
porations. 

Moreover,  the  senate,  by  force  of  its  constitution  as  a  council  of 
the  president,  in  appointments  to  office  and  in  the  conduct  of  foreign 
affairs,  is  more  readily  inclined  towards  combination  with  the  presi 
dent,  and  of  course  to  dependence  upon  him,  than  the  house  of  rep 
resentatives.  It  is  to  the  house  of  representatives,  therefore,  that 
the  people  must  look,  and  it  is  upon  that  house,  and  not  upon  the 
senate,  that  the  people  must  rely  mainly  for  the  rescue  of  public 
liberty,  if  the  time  shall  ever  come  when  that  liberty  shall  be  endan 
gered  with  design  or  otherwise,  by  the  exercise  of  the  executive 
power. 

Thus  far  I  have  treated  this  subject  as  one  involving  only  the 
interests  of  the  people  of  the  territory  of  Kansas.  But  you  will  see 


USURPATIONS   IN    KANSAS.  557 

at  once,  without  any  amplification  on  my  part,  that  you  are  estab 
lishing,  by  way  of  precedent,  a  system  of  government  for  not  merely 
that  territory,  but  all  the  territories,  present  and  future,  within  the 
United  States.  It  is  worth  while  to  see  what  that  system  is.  It  is 
the  system  of  popular  sovereignty,  founded  on  the  abnegation  of 
congressional  authority,  attempted  by  the  Kansas  and  Nebraska  act 
of  1854.  But  it  is  that  system  of  popular  sovereignty,  with  the 
principle  of  popular  sovereignty  left  out,  and  that  of  executive 
power,  exercised  with  fraud  and  armed  force,  substituted  in  its  place. 
Since  we  have  entered  upon  a  career  of  territorial  aggrandizement, 
as  Rome  and  Britain  and  Spain  did,  respectively,  we  can  look  for 
ward  to  no  period  when  what  we  call  territories,  but  what  they  called 
provinces  or  colonies,  will  not  constitute  a  considerable  part  of  our 
dominion,  and  be  a  theatre  for  the  exercise  of  cupidity  and  the  dis 
play  of  ambition.  Let  congress  now  effectually  resign  the  territories 
to  military  control  by  the  president,  or  by  generals  appointed  by  him, 
and  two  more  acts  will  bring  this  grand  national  drama  of  ours  to 
its.  close.  The  first  of  those  acts  will  be  the  subversion  of  liberty 
in  the  remaining  territories,  and  then,  the  Rubicon  easily  passed,  the 
second  will  be  the  establishment  of  an  empire  on  the  ruins  of  the 
whole  republic. 

But  how  is  the  government  to  be  arrested,  even  if  this  army  bill 
should  fail  through  your  persevering  dissent  from  the  house  of  rep 
resentatives  ?  Is  the  army  of  the  United  States  indeed  and  essen 
tially  a  civil  institution,  a  necessary  and  indispensable  institution,  in 
our  republican  system?  On  the  contrary,  it  is  an  exception,  an 
anomaly,  an  antagonistic  institution,  tolerated,  but  wisely  and  justly 
regarded  with  jealousy  and  apprehension.  We  maintain  a  standing 
army  in  time  of  war,  to  suppress  Indian  insurrections,  or  to  repel 
foreign  invasions ;  and  we  maintain  the  same  standing  army  in  time 
of  peace,  only  because  it  is  wise  in  peace  to  be  prepared  for  war. 
But,  whether  in  peace  or  war,  we  maintain  it  not  without  some  mea 
sure  of  hazard  to  constitutional  liberty.  Happily  the  Indian  dis 
turbances  within  our  borders  have  been  suppressed  ;  and  if  they  had 
not  been,  the  smallest  measure  of  gentleness  and  charity  toward  the 
decaying  tribes,  would  more  effectually  secure  the  blessings  of  peace,, 
so  far  as  they  are  concerned,  than  the  employment  of  many  legions. 
Happily,  also,  the  dark  cloud  that  seemed  gathering  over  us  from 
the  east,  when  this  session  commenced  in  December  last,  has  been 


658  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES  SENATE. 

dispersed,  and  we  have  now  a  sure  prospect  of  peace  with  all  foreign 
nations  for  many  years  to  come.  The  army  of  the  United  States  is 
therefore  immediately  useful  or  necessary  now  only  as  a  police  to 
•execute  municipal  laws.  If  the  founders  of  the  constitution  had 
been  told  that,  within  seventy  years  from  the  day  on  which  they 
laid  its  solid  foundations,  a  standing  army  would  have  been  found 
necessary  and  indispensable  merely  to  execute  municipal  laws,  they 
would  have  turned  shuddering  away  from  the  massive  despotism 
which  they  had  erected. 

Eleven  days  hence  congress  will  adjourn,  and  it  will  come  back 
again  one  hundred  and  eight  days  after  that  time.  No  serious  dis 
aster,  nor  even  any  great  public  inconvenience,  can  happen  within 
that  period.  Congress  will  be  here  in  ample  time  to  provide,  if  it 
shall  be  necessary,  for  the  public  safety,  for  expelling  Great  Britain 
from  Central  America,  for  conquering  Cuba,  and  for  bringing  into 
subordination  any  insurrectionary  Indian  tribes.  Everybody  will 
know  that  every  dollar  we  owe  to  contractors,  purveyors,  merchants, 
makers  of  gunpowder  or  muskets,  or  founders  of  cannon,  as  well  as 
every  dollar  we  owe  to  soldiers  or  officers,  for  pay  or  for  rations,  is 
guarantied  by  the  national  faith :  and  on  that  faith  money  can  be 
raised  without  any  considerable  discount. 

And  now,  what  other  inconveniences  are  to  result  from  a  failure 
to  pass  the  army  bill  ?  We  are  told  that  law  and  order  will  be  lost, 
and  anarchy  will  prevail  in  the  territory  of  Kansas,  if  the  army  be 
not  employed  there  to  keep  the  peace  and  execute  the  territorial 
laws.  Look,  I  pray  you,  through  this  report  of  the  investigating 
committee,  drawn  out  to  the  length  of  twelve  hundred  pages,  filled 
with  details  of  invasions,  robberies,  mobs,  murders  and  conflagra 
tions,  and  tell  me  what  anarchy  could  happen,  in  the  absence  of 
martial  law,  worse  than  the  anarchy  which  has  marked  its  establish 
ment  in  the  territory  ? 

Answer  me  still  further,  what  measure  of  anarchy  could  reconcile, 
or  ought  to  reconcile,  American  citizens  to  a  surrender  of  constitu 
tional  liberty  in  any  part  of  the  republic? 

Answer  me  further,  what  is  that  measure  of  tranquillity  and  quiet 
that  a  republican  people  ought  to  seek,  or  can  wisely  enjoy?  It  is 
not  the  dead  quiet,  the  stagnant  tranquillity  of  cowardly  submission 
to  usurpation  and  despotism,  but  it  is  just  so  much  of  peace,  quiet 
and  tranquillity,  as  is  consistent  with  the  preservation  of  constitu- 


USURPATIONS   IN    KANSAS.  559 

tioiial  liberty.  It  would  be  a  bard  alternative ;  but,  if  the  senate 
should  insist  on  forcing  on  me  or  on  the  people  I  represent,  the 
choice  between  peace  under  despotism,  or  turbulence  with  freedom, 
then  I  must  say,  promptly  and  fearlessly,  give  me  so  much  of  safety 
us  I  can  have,  and  yet  remain  a  freeman,  and  keep  all  quiet  and  all 
safety  beyond  that  for  those  who  are  willing  to  be  slaves. 

AUGUST    27,    1856.1 

IF  the  occasion  were  not  a  very  grave  one,  I  could  find  amusement 
in  the  dialogue  between  the  senators  from  Delaware  and  Louisiana. 
They  come  from  slaveholding  states,  and  they  agree  in  refusing  all 
aid  to  us  in  arresting  the  extension  of  slavery  in  the  national  terri 
tories.  They  agree,  also,  in  declaring  that  the  prohibition  of  slavery 
contained  in  the  Missouri  compromise  of  1820,  was  unconstitutional ; 
and  they  concur  also  in  opinions  derogatory  of  the  gentlemen  here, 
whom  they,  with  manifest  self-complacency,  call  free  soilers  and  abo 
litionists.  And  yet,  even  here  in  our  very  presence,  they  make 
bargains  and  stipulations  as  to  how  and  when  we,  the  aforesaid  free- 
soilers  and  abolitionists,  shall  debate  the  questions  they  choose  to 
raise  in  the  senate.  By  and  by  I  shall  expect  to  see  them  dealing 
even  in  our  votes  to  effect  compromises  between  themselves.  They 
take  these  liberties  with  us  in  our  very  presence,  on  the  ground  that 
we  are  fanatics.  One  of  them  compliments  me  at  the  expense  of 
my  associates,  by  distinguishing  me  as  a  leader  of  the  fanatics  in  the 
senate. 

I  shall  show  you  and  them  what  sort  of  a  fanatic,  on  the  subject 
of  slavery,  I  am.  From  this  statement*  you  can  judge  of  the  fanati 
cism  of  my  associates.  I  am,  with  little  caution,  also  accused  of 
treasonable  opinions  and  sentiments.  I  will  show  you  what  sort  of 
traitor  I  am.  Hence  you  shall  judge  of  the  treason  of  my  honored 
associates.  Hear  the  evidence,  and  then  answer  whether  we  could 
be  convicted  even  of  constructive  treason  in  your  pro-slavery  courts 
of  Kansas. 

The  first  vote  I  ever  gave  in  the  senate  of  the  United  States  was 
one  to  place  at  the  head  of  the  cabinet  of  the  president  of  the  United 
States  the  honorable  senator  at  my  right  hand  [Mr.  CLAYTON],  the 
same  who  deprecates  the  reproach  of  seeming  cooperation  with  free 

1  Speech  on  the  army  bill,  at  the  extraordinary  session  of  the  senate. 


560  SPEECHES   IN  THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

soilers  and  abolitionists.  He  has  told  us  to-day  that  free-soilers  are 
sometimes  long-winded.  However  that  may  be,  we  are  firm  men — 
men  of  perseverance — we  are  sure-footed,  we  boast  little  of  speed, 
but  we  think  we  shall  be  found  to  have  bottom.  Acting  on  the  same 
liberal  and  loyal  principle,  I  afterwards  cast  a  vote  here,  the  effect 
of  which,  if  it  had  been  sustained  by  a  majority  of  the  senate,  would 
have  been  to  raise  the  honorable  senator  from  Louisiana  [Mr.  BEN 
JAMIN]  from  the  bar  of  New  Orleans,  which  he  so  much  adorns,  to 
the  bench  of  the  supreme  court  of  the  United  States.  That  it  was 
not  successful  was  the  fault,  not  of  the  free  soilers  here,  but  of  others 
into  whose  embraces  he  has  now  cast  himself,  out  of  horror  of  those 
who  then  were  his  supporters. 

Were  those  votes  disloyal  ?  You  accuse  rne  of  fanaticism — fanati 
cism  on  the  subject  of  slavery.  I  put  the  question  to  you,  sir,  [Mr. 
BUTLER] — to  you,  sir,  [Mr.  BAYARD] — to  you,  sir,  and  you — to 
every  senator  from  a  slave  state,  to  answer,  on  your  word  of  honor 
as  a  senator  and  a  gentleman,  when  I  have  given  here  even  one 
sectional  or  partisan  vote,  other  than  on  a  question  which  divided, 
upon  principle,  your  section  and  party  from  my  own,  and  your  con 
stituents  from  the  people  I  represent.  Whether  the  question  involved 
railroads,  rivers,  harbors,  protection  on  land  or  on  the  st-a,  fortifica 
tions  or  armed  force  to  defend  your  homes,  or  your  cities,  or  your 
coasts,  or  even  the  payment  of  expenses  incurred  by  yourselves 
alone  against  uprising  Indians  or  invading  foreigners,  refer  to  your 
records,  and  cast  up  into  my  teeth  one  solitary  sectional  or  disloyal 
or  fanatical  vote  I  ever  gave  in  the  senate  of  the  United  States.  Nay, 
more,  remove  the  injunction  of  secrecy  which  makes  your  executive 
journal  a  sealed  book,  and  show  one  vote  that  I  ever  gave  here,  even 
when  yourselves  were  divided,  against  any  person  nominated  to  any 
office,  by  any  president  of  the  United  States,  because  he  was  a  slave 
holder,  or  because  he  belonged  to  a  section  of  the  country  or  to  a 
party  different  from  my  own.  My  opinions  are  always  maintained 
here  by  reason  and  argument,  never  by  passion,  prejudice  or  reta 
liation. 

Honorable  senators  are  silent.  Standing,  then,  upon  the  character 
for  equality,  for  justice  and  for  loyalty,  which  I  have  built,  to  be  a 
sure  foundation  for  myself,  I  can  pardon  the  sensibilities  of  those  who 
think  that  they  are  to  suffer  contamination  now  by  an  accidental 
agreement  with  me  upon  a  question  of  vital  importance  to  the  coun- 


KANSAS  AND  THE  ARMY.  561 

try  and  to  the  rights  of  man.  The  time,  you  see,  has  been  when 
such  association  was  not  offensive,  because  it  was  not  useless  to  them. 
That  time  is  coming  round  again.  It  will  have  come  when  the  gov 
ernment  of  our  country  shall  once  more  be  intrusted  to  an  adminis 
tration  which  will  protect  and  defend  the  territories  and  the  states 
of  this  Union  against  force  and  usurpation,  let  it  come  from  what 
quarter  it  may.  Wait,  if  you  please,  for  that  time,  now  not  far  dis 
tant,  I  think,  and  then  if  my  associates  and  myself  prove  faithless 
to  our  country  or  to  the  Union,  accuse  us  of  disloyalty  and  fanaticism. 

There  are  two  reasons  why  a  senator  might  speak  to  the  question 
now  before  the  senate.  First,  that  if  possible  he  might  by  argument 
bring  the  senate  to  adopt  his  own  opinion.  Second,  that  failing  in 
this,  he  might  yet  exert  an  influence  upon  the  opinion  of  the  country. 
Neither  of  these  reasons  serve  to  justify  me  in  speaking.  I  have 
already  said,  during  the  late  session  of  congress,  all  that  the  question 
demanded  from  me,  with  a  view  to  effect  either  here  or  elsewhere. 

But  since  I  then  spake,  circumstances  have  occurred  which,  in  the 
estimation  of  the  senate,  and  possibly  of  the  country,  require  that 
what  was  then  said  shall  be  reconsidered.  The  first  circumstance  is, 
that  the  president,  not  content  with  the  failure  of  the  army  bill  by  a 
disagreement  of  the  two  houses,  has  assumed  the  responsibility  of 
convening  congress  to  reconsider  that  important  subject.  The 
second  is,  that  while  in  one  quarter  of  the  senate  there  is  a  persistent 
purpose  to  defeat  the  army  bill  again,  unless  the  house  of  represent 
atives  shall  recede,  propositions  of  concession  and  conciliation  are' 
offered  in  another  quarter,  while,  at  the  same  time,  alarms  of  public 
danger  are  sounded  in  both  these  quarters,  calculated  to  induce  the 
house  of  representatives  and  the  minority  of  the  senate  to  surrender 
the  opinions  to  which  they  have  hitherto  adhered  so  firmly.  Now,. 
for  myself,  I  have  to  say  to  the  president  of  the  United  States,  that 
neither  his  proclamation  nor  his  special  message  has  affected  my 
judgment  or  changed  my  feelings  on  this  great  subject  in  the  least. 
The  president  has  done  nothing  which  has  made  or  will  make  me 
take  one  divergent  or  even  one  hesitating  step  in  the  line  of  duty 
which  I  marked  out  for  myself  at  the  last  session  of  congress.  I  do 
not  mean  to  say  that  he  is  a  bad  man,  but  I  do  say,  upon  the  respon 
sibility  of  a  senator,  and  as  a  member  of  congress,  the  grand  inquest 
of  the  nation,  that  he  is  an  unjust  and  tyrannical  magistrate.  At 
the  last  session  I  found  him  employing  all  his  vast  and  almost 

VOL.  IV.  71 


562  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

boundless  power  and  influence,  as  a  civil  magistrate  and  the  head  of 
the  army,  to  establish  not  merely  unjust,  unconstitutional  and  tyrant 
nical  laws,  but  even  an  armed  foreign  and  seditious  usurpation  in 
the  territory  of  Kansas,  organized  for  the  purpose  of  subverting 
constitutional  liberty,  and  establishing  unconstitutional  and  despotic 
slavery  there.  When  called  to  account  for  that  gross  violation  of 
dutjr,  the  president  avowed  and  justified  that  usurpation.  The  house 
of  representatives,  unable  to  obtain  an  agreement  from  the  senate  on 
any  adequate  measure  to  overturn  that  usurpation,  and  restore  con 
stitutional  freedom  in  the  territory  of  Kansas,  as  a  last  resource 
inserted  in  the  army  bill  a  provision  which  practically  prohibits  the 
president  from  employing  the  army  of  the  United  States  to  enforce 
the  tyrannical  laws  of  that  unconstitutional  and  despotic  usurpation. 
The  senate  refused  even  that  small  act  of  grace  to  the  people  of 
Kansas ;  so  the  arrny  bill  failed.  That  is  the  true  state  of  the  case 
made  up  by  the  house  of  representatives  arid  the  senate  at  the  late 
session  of  congress,  and  that  is  the  true  state  of  the  case  between  the 
two  houses  as  it  exists  now  at  this  extra  session. 

Now  to  the  case  thus  stated.  If  the  laws  of  that  usurpation  were 
as  just  and  humane  as  they  are  confessedly  unjust  and  barbarous, 
I  still,  deeming  them  the  edicts  of  a  usurpation,  of  an  armed  usurp 
ation,  would  not  give  the  president  men,  materials  of  war,  or  money, 
to  enforce  even  one  of  them.  I  know  the  value  of  peace  and  order 
and  tranquillity.  I  know  how  essential  they  are  to  prosperity,  not 
to  say  enterprise.  But  I  know  also  the  still  greater  value  of  liberty. 
When  you  hear  rne  justify  the  despotism  of  the  czar  of  Russia  over 
the  oppressed  Poles,  or  the  treachery  by  which  Louis  Napoleon  rose 
to  a  throne  on  the  ruins  of  the  republic  in  France,  on  the  ground 
that  he  preserves  domestic  peace  among  his  subjects,  then  you  may 
expect  me  to  vote  supplies  of  men  and  money  to  the  president  of 
the  United  States  to  execute  the  edicts  of  the  Missouri  borderers  in 
the  territory  of  Kansas. 

Next  for  the  alarms  which  are  sounded  forth  throughout  the  halls 
of  congress.  The  president  raises  the  key-note,  by  striking  upon 
the  fertile  string  of  Indian  depredations.  The  honorable  and  vene 
rable  senator  from  Michigan  chimes  it.  Never,  in  his  eventful  life, 
has  he  seen  a  period  so  portentous.  And  the  honorable  senator  from 
Delaware  seriously  gives  forth  the  prediction  that  the  army  must  be 
disbanded,  and  the  Union  itself  fall  asunder.  It  is  a  piece  of  execu- 


KANSAS  AND   THE   ARMY.  563 

live  stage  management.  Congress  is  called  back  into  the  theatre,  the 
curtain  rises  slowly,  amid  the  jarring  discords  which  make  the  thun 
der  of  the  political  play-house,  and  then  the  air  is  filled  with  signs 
and  ghastly  spectres.  I  do  not  doubt  that  honorable  senators  are 
sincere.  I  know  that  sincerity  is  easier  and  more  practicable  than 
dissimulation,  to  all  mankind.  It  is  easier  and  more  natural  to  me, 
and  therefore  I  know  it  is  more  natural  to  others.  I  therefore  hold 
(as  a  general  truth)  that  all  men  are  sincere  and  ho'nest ;  and  I  hold 
him  to  be  merely  a  fool,  who  esteems  me  to  be  otherwise.  But  these 
sincere  senators  may  dismiss  their  fears.  They  have  been  here  now 
nearly  nine  months.  In  this  senate  chamber  the  atmosphere  has 
become  thick,  unwholesome  and  oppressive.  We  are  like  an  animal 
inclosed  in  an  exhausted  receiver.  The  fresh,  pure  air,  such  as  per 
vades  tne  country,  is  exhausted,  and  we  are  pining,  suffering  and 
suffocating.  No  wonder  that  the  light  grows  dim,  strange  and  unna 
tural  noises  rumble  in  our  ears,  the  pillars  of  the  capitol  seem  to  us 
to  be  tottering,  and  the  very  stars  of  heaven  appear  to  be  shooting 
from  their  spheres.  Our  imagination  is  diseased  by  unwholesome 
confinement.  That  is  all. 

On  the  fatal  day,  the  18th  day  of  August,  when  at  high  noon  this 
congress  adjourned,  I  too  went  forth  from  the  senate  chamber, 
haunted  by  spectres  of  discord  which  threatened  to  rend  this  coun 
try  asunder,  because  the  army  bill  had  failed ;  and  these  spectres 
pursued  me  along  the  avenues  and  humbler  pathways  to  my  quiet 
dwelling  on  the  bank  of  the  Potomac.  Then  I  sat  down  to  meditate 
on  that  mighty  and  fearful  ruin  which  I  had  been  warned  was  to  fall 
on  the  capital  and  on  the  country,  in  swift  revenge  of  the  failure  of 
the  army  bill.  The  evening  shades  gathered  around  me,  but  they 
brought  no  notes  or  signs  of  sorrow,  fear  or  sadness.  The  parlors 
of  my  neighbor  on  the  right  resounded  with  the  tinkling  of  the 
guitar.  Fairy-footed  children  were  dancing  in  the  halls  of  my 
neighbor  on  the  left,  to  the  merriest  notes  the  violin  could  breathe 
through  its  mirth-moving  strings.  Across  the  way,  the  Russian 
minister,  always  watchful  of  portents  of  dissension  here,  worthy  the 
notice  of  his  sovereign,  was  entertaining  a  joyous  company  in  his 
lordly  halls,  as  undisturbed  by  the  crashing  and  falling  of  this  great 
republic  over  his  head,  as  the  deaf  mutes,  who,  on  the  opposite  side 
of  the  way,  were  joining  with  happier  youths  than  themselves  in  the 
amusements  of  the  eventide.  And,  though  it  is  strange,  it  is  never- 


564  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

theless  true,  that  this  condition  of  happy  ignorance  of  political  evil 
or  danger  has  continued  in  that  neighborhood  ever  since. 

The  state  of  the  case  is  very  different  here  in  the  senate  chamber. 
You  can  understand  the  reality  of  this  great  ruin.  Senators,  you 
can  repeat  it  to  each  other ;  you  can  impress  each  other  with  the 
truth  of  its  existence.  You  can  even  produce  conviction  of  that 
fearful  fact  upon  the  galleries.  They  are  filled  with  your  clients. 
The  streets  around  the  capitol  are  filled  with  them.  They  perhaps 
will  groan,  or  would,  if  it  were  respectful  to  do  so,  when  I  express 
a  doubt  whether  the  ruin  is  not  exaggerated  in  your  speeches.  But, 
senators,  do  not  let  their  sympathy  mislead  and  deceive  you.  They 
are  interested  clients  and  dependents.  They  all  have  long  arms  and 
wide-spreading  fingers,  to  dip,  by  your  gracious  permission,  into  the 
treasury,  but  no  strong  shoulders  to  support  and  bear  up  the  consti 
tution  of  their  country.  If  you  rely  on  their  applause  and  their 
sympathies,  and  go  down  with  us  before  the  people  upon  this  issue, 
you  may  look  out  at  the  next  session  of  congress  for  galleries  filled 
with  other  clients  just  as  patriotic,  but,  at  the  same  time,  just  as 
well  satisfied  that  this  country  can  only  be  saved  from  ruin  by  an 
administration  of  the  government  which  will  overturn  the  Missouri 
usurpation,  and  restore  "  perfect  freedom  "  to  the  people  of  Kansas. 
I  know  something  of  the  temper  of  legislative  galleries,  and  of  the 
atmosphere  of  executive  chambers.  I  warn  you  not  to  rely  too 
much  on  the  purity  of  the  one,  or  the  constancy  of  the  other. 

So,  this  executive  stage  effect,  then,  does  not  change  my  resolu 
tion.  What  next  occurs,  to  affect  it?  A  by-play  is  gotten  up 
between  two  of  the  three  parties  in  this  house,  who  assume  to  act  in 
the  name  of  all.  In  a  parliamentary  sense,  there  are  three  parties 
here :  1st,  the  democracy ;  2d,  a  branch  of  the  opposition  once 
known  as  whigs  (now,  I  fear  to  give  offense  by  using  a  misnomer, 
and  therefore  do  not  name  it) ;  and,  3d,  the  republicans,  black  repub 
licans,  or  abolitionists,  as  the  other  two  parties  happily  agree  in  call 
ing  us  who  constitute  the  other,  and  far  the  largest  branch  of  the 
opposition.  But,  although  there  are  three  parties  here,  yet,  when  it 
comes  to  a  question  of  dividing  the  house  into  its  three  constituent 
parts,  the  figure  2  is  always  used  as  a  divisor ;  and  the  democracy 
and  the  aforesaid  nameless  band  of  the  opposition  are  found  together, 
and  the  republicans  stand  alone,  in  contrast  to  both.  Just  now, 
however,  the  two  first  stand  apart,  and  an  interlude  of  conciliation 


KANSAS  AND  THE  ARMY.  565 

and  pacification  is  enacted  between  their  representatives,  the  sena 
tors  from  Delaware  and  Louisiana.  We  republicans  are  allowed  to 
appear  as  supernumeraries,  not  in  original  parts  of  our  own,  but  just 
to  give  greater  effect  to  the  scenes.  The  senator  from  Delaware  pre 
sents  a  bill — for  which  all  the  republicans  are  to  vote,  without  offer 
ing  amendments  or  debate — for  repealing  certain  obnoxious  laws  in 
Kansas ;  and  the  senator  from  Louisiana  presses  the  democracy  in 
the  senate  to  pass  that  bill.  Then  the  house  of  representatives  is  to 
be  deemed  refractory,  if  they  do  not  at  once  yield  their  proviso,  and 
pass  the  army  bill.  Thus,  this  pretty  little  interlude,  like  the  one 
gotten  up  by  the  clowns  of  Athens,  that  is  incorporated  into  the 
Midsummer's  Night  Dream,  happily  moves  forward  the  grand  plot 
of  the  drama  to  a  successful  denouement.  Certainly,  I  do  not  mean 
to  assign  to  those  distinguished  senators  the  parts  belonging  to  any 
of  the  subordinates  in  the  interlude.  I  recognize  him  from  Dela 
ware  as  Oberon,  the  king  of  an  imaginary  realm,  and  him  from 
Louisiana  as  the  sprightly  and  yet  efficient  Ariel,  prime  minister  to 
that  gracious  but  unequally-tempered  sovereign.  But,  alas!  the 
interlude  drags.  It  does  not  advance  the  action  of  the  grand  plot, 
nor  can  it  proceed  itself.  Democratic  senators,  especially  the  stern 
and  inflexible  senator  from  Virginia,  refuses  to  concur  in  giving  the 
necessary  assent  of  the  democratic  part  of  the  house  to  the  concilia 
tion  bill;  and  we  republican  senators  cannot  pass  this  bill  of 
conciliation,  even  if  we  would.  The  two  senators  who  get  it  up  are 
sure  only  of  their  own  votes,  reinforced  by  ours.  But,  let  us  sup 
pose  that  they  bring  their  interlude  to  a  happy  termination.  It  is  a 
rule  in  courts  of  equity,  in  furtherance  of  justice,  that  what  ought  to 
be  done  shall  be  taken  to  have  been  done.  We  will  suppose  that 
this  bill  of  conciliation,  which  abrogates  certain  of  the  obnoxious 
laws  of  Kansas,  has  passed;  and  thereupon  I  am  asked  to  vote  for 
the  army  bill,  without  the  proviso  of  the  house  of  representatives. 
I  cannot  do  it.  The  objection  to  it  remains  just  as  before.  Your 
bill  does  not  remove  all  the  unconstitutional  and  despotic  laws  of 
Kansas.  The  executive  courts  in  Kansas  will  deny  that  it  removes 
any  of  them,  and,  above  all,  the  usurpation  in  Kansas.  The  forge 
in  which  those  tyrannical  laws  were  made  remains  in  full  blast,  to 
produce  others  as  tyrannical  as  these.  There  is  nothing  in  this  new 
and  ingenious  device  to  change  my  purpose,  and  nothing,  as  I  trust, 
to  alter  the  fixed  purpose  of  the  house  of  representatives. 


566  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

What  next?  You  come  back  to  argument.  You  assert  that  the 
course  of  the  house  of  representatives,  in  insisting  upon  this  proviso, 
is  unconstitutional  and  revolutionary.  My  excellent  friend  from 
Massachusetts,  in  his  very  able  speech,  has  given  you  the  authority  of 
the  Federalist  for  the  very  power  which  the  house  of  representatives 
is  thus  exercising. 

The  honorable  senator  from  Louisiana  breathed  on  those  quota 
tions  from  the  Federalist,  and  they  disappeared.  He  is  an  ingenious 
and  eloquent  advocate.  When  I  saw  this  bar  of  iron,  so  rough  and 
black  when  cold,  come  out  from  between  his  hammer  and  the  anvil, 
it  seemed  perfectly  smooth  and  sparkling.  But  now,  when  it  has 
cooled  again,  it  is  just  as  rough  and  black  as  it  was  before.  He 
argued  that  the  power  of  the  house  of  representatives  to  annex  a 
condition  to  a  money  bill,  was  confined  to  the  single  case  when  the 
senate  should  refuse  its  consent  to  an  apportionment  bill  for  raising 
the  number  of  representatives  of  the  people  with  the  advance  of 
population.  Now,  a  simple  reading  of  the  text  will  convict  him  of 
error : 

"  These  considerations  seem  to  afford  ample  security  on  this  subject  (namely,  a 
conflict  in  case  of  augmentation  of  the  number  of  members  of  the  house  of  rep 
resentatives),  and  ought  alone  to  satisfy  all  the  doubts  and  views  which  have  been 
indulged  in  regard  to  it.  Admitting,  however,  that  they  should  all  be  insufficient 
to  subdue  the  unjust  policy  of  the  smaller  states,  or  their  predominant  influence  in 
the  councils  of  the  senate,  a  constitutional  and  infallible  resource  still  remains  with 
the  larger  states,  by  which  they  will  be  able  at  all  times  to  accomplish  (what  ?) 
their  just  purposes?' 

At  what  time  to  accomplish  ?  At  all  times,  to  accomplish  their 
just  purposes.  Not  at  one  time,  one  particular  purpose  only,  but 
at  all  times,  all  their  just  purposes.  Then  the  house  of  representa 
tives  may  have  more  than  one  just  purpose.  If  more  than  one  just 
purpose  can  be  indulged,  then  the  provision  is  a  general  one,  and 
applies  to  all  such  just  purposes ;  and  of  the  justice  of  any  purpose, 
as  well  as  of  the  necessity  of  resorting  to  the  extreme  remedy  to 
accomplish  it,  the  house  of  representatives,  as  a  coordinate  branch 
of  the  legislature,  has  equal  right  with  the  senate  to  judge.  I  think 
this  a  sufficient  reply  on  that  subject. 

And  now,  to  treat  more  seriously  than  I  have  yet  done  the  argu 
ment  that  the  army  must  and  will  be  disbanded,  and  that  the  country 
will  be  abandoned  to  desolating  Indian  depredations.  You  will 


KANSAS   AND   THE   ARMY.  567 

remember  that  this  constitutes  the  whole,  or  nearly  the  whole,  argu 
ment  of  the  president's  message.  The  picture  is  drawn,  I  suppose, 
from  between  the  covers  of  the  school-books  of  past  generations. 
Senators  enlarge.  They  tell  us  that  the  war  in  Florida,  waged,  as  we 
know  it  is,  by  only  two  hundred  or  three  hundred  poor  straggling 
Indians  of  that  peninsula,  is  not  yet  ended.  Well,  it  has  lasted 
more  than  fifteen  years ;  and  if  it  has  not  yet  been  suppressed  by 
the  army,  which  has  at  all  times  been  well  supplied,  in  Heaven's 
name  when  will  it  end?  Would  it  be  unwise  to  change  our  policy, 
and  try  to  bring  it  to  an  end  without  an  army  ?  They  tell  us  that 
Texas  is  suffering  from  Indian  depredations ;  and  yet,  at  this  mo 
ment,  the  state  of  Texas  is  sending  armed  colonists  to  join  in  the 
subjugation  of  Kansas.  They  insist  that  Indian  wars  are  yet  raging 
in  California  and  Oregon,  although  General  Wool  writes  to  me  that 
the  war  is  ended,  and  would  have  been  brought  to  a  close  much 
sooner,  but  for  the  misconduct  of  the  civil  authorities  there ;  while 
those  civil  authorities  are  sending  creditors  to  us,  with  accounts 
amounting  to  four  millions  of  dollars  advanced  to  subsist  the  militia 
in  their  successful  efforts  at  restoring  peace  and  safety  in  those 
regions. 

Thus,  you  see  that  these  pretenses  of  danger  from  the  Indians 
are  all  moonshine,  let  in  upon  the  senate  through  artfully  prepared 
crevices  in  the  walls  of  the  executive  palace. 

And  now  a  word  in  serious  earnestness  on  the  subject  of  the 
alarms  about  the  Union.  If  there  is  danger  of  its  dissolution,  it 
must  be  discoverable  in  some  quarter.  There  must  be  somewhere 
an  enemy  to  his  country  and  to  her  constitution.  Where  is  he — 
who  is  he  ?  Who  is  it,  where  is  the  man,  that  proposes  to  scuttle 
this  noble  ark  of  the  constitution,  that  has  rode  the  waves  so  gently 
in  times  of  calm,  so  proudly  in  season  of  storms  and  tempests,  and 
sink  it  into  the  depths  of  the  sea,  while  he  will  transfer  us,  for 
safety,  to  some  gay-gilded  fantastical  craft  of  his  own  handiwork? 
There  is  no  such  man  in  this  country,  in  the  north  or  in  the 
south,  in  the  east  or  in  the  west.  We  are  all  on  board  together, 
and  all  equally  watchful  of  our  course,  and  jealous  indeed  of  the 
pilot  whom  we  station  at  the  helm.  These  attempted  alarms  about 
the  safety  of  the  Union  are  factitious.  Congress  adjourned  on  the 
18th  of  August,  without  passing  the  army  bill,  and  yet  the  country 
and  the  constitution  remained  safe  ;  for  we  found  them  so  on  the 


568  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

2Lst.  Congress  may  adjourn  to-morrow,  to  reassemble  on  the  first 
Monday  of  December  next,  and  we  shall  find  the  country  and  the 
constitution  then  just  as  safe  as  they  are  now.  What  will  happen, 
will  be  simply  this:  You,  the  senate,  will  go  down  before  the  people 
on  the  issue  which  you  have  made  with  the  house  of  representatives. 
That  issue  will  be  tried.  If  the  two  houses,  after  hearing  UK-  popu 
lar  verdict,  shall  be  unable  to  agree  when  they  come  together  at  the 
next  session  in  December,  take  rny  word  for  it,  they  will  certainly 
agree  at  the  first  session  of  the  newly -elected  congress  afterwards. 

JSTow  this  is  just  what  the  constitution  contemplates,  and  what 
congresses  are  made  for.  They  are  not  made  to  agree  always.  The 
two  houses  must  agree,  when  they  can  agree  in  principle.  They 
must  differ,  when  the  flames  of  truth  that  burn  in  their  consciences 
give  out  lights  of  differing  hues.  The  conflict  in  such  cases  is  neces 
sarily  inconvenient;  but  it  is  temporary,  and  is  necessary  to  the 
true  ascertainment  and  establishment  of  truth.  In  such  occasional 
conflicts  dwells  the  safety,  not  the  danger,  of  the  republic — the 
safety,  not  the  peril,  of  the  Union.  On  the  contrary,  danger,  to 
both  will  be  found  the  most  serious,  and  the  most  imminent,  when 
the  three  main  departments  of  the  government — the  senate,  the 
house  of  representatives,  and  the  president — shall  unite  and  concur 
in  establishing,  by  force,  revolution,  usurpation  and  slavery  in  the 
territories  of  the  United  States.  When  that  shall  happen,  then  look 
out  for  the  safety  of  the  states,  the  pillars  of  the  Union,  and  for  the 
liberties  that  dwell  in  that  noblest  of  all  edifices  raised  by  human 
hands. 

I  am  appealed  to,  to  yield  before  the  terrors  of  civil  war.  I  am 
conjured  to  surrender  my  positions  by  the  love  which  I  bear  to 
peace  and  harmony.  I  do  indeed  love  peace;  I  do  indeed  fear. the 
terrors  of  civil  war;  but  that  is  not  enough  to  make  me  surrender 
an  object  more  important  than  peace — liberty.  Peace  !  The  senate 
will  give  peace  to  Kansas  now  on  one  condition — that  Kansas  will 
surrender  freedom,  and  accept  slavery.  Is  there  anything  new  in 
this  proposition  ?  Is  it  not  the  very  proposition  that  you  made 
when  you  passed  the  Kansas-Nebraska  law  ?  If  the  people  of 
Kansas  would  have  accepted  slavery,  they  could  have  had  peace  at 
the  hands  of  congress  eighteen  months  ago,  and  there  would  never 
have  been  a  marauder,  or  even  a  hostile  intruder,  from  Missouri, 
within  the  territory.  They  have  always  had  the  option  of  peace; 


KANSAS  AND  THE  ARMY.  569 

they  have  it  now,  independently  of  you ;  -they  have  only  to  strike 
the  colors  of  freedom,  and  run  up  the  black  flag  of  slavery,  and 
thereupon  peace,  order,  and  tranquillity,  will  reign  throughout  the 
prairies  they  have  chosen  for  their  abode.  Aye,  and  the  longer  that 
slavery  shall  last  there,  down  to  that  period,  I  know  not  how  distant, 
when  the  African  race  itself  shall  rise  to  assert  its  own  wrongs,  the 
surer  and  more  profound  will  be  the  peace  that  will  prevail  there. 

Now,  even  if  the  people  of  Kansas  were  willing  to  strike  the  flag 
of  freedom,  which  they  have  defended  through  so  many  perils,  I 
have  yet  to  say,  that  I  am  a  representative  of  one  of  the  states  of 
this  Union  that  claims  the  right  to  maintain  the  balance  of  freedom 
in  this  council  chamber  of  the  states.  I  want  Kansas  here  a  free 
state.  New  York  wants  her  to  come  here  free,  if  she  shall  enter 
the  confederacy  at  all.  We  may  as  well  come  directly  to  this  issue, 
then.  You  want  Kansas  organized  as  a  slave  state,  and  you  will 
give  her  peace  if  she  will  accept  slavery;  if  she  do  not  accept 
slavery,  she  must  take  war,  with  its  dangers  and  its  desolations. 

Senators  propose  this  condition  as  if  it  were  a  new  one,  offered 
now  for  the  first  time.  They  express  surprise  that  I  am  not  alarmed, 
when  they  tell  me  that  civil  war,  except  on  the  condition  of  slavery, 
is  inevitable  and  imminent.  There  was  civil  war  in  Kansas  when 
we  assembled  here  in  December;  a  military  revolution  had  been 
effected  there,  an  armed  usurpation  was  established  there,  and  there 
was  opposition  and  resistance  to  it ;  there  was  commotion,  strife, 
bloodshed,  then  and  there.  Every  day  the  tragedy  has  been  advanc 
ing  steadily  in  the  development  of  the  horrors  of  civil  war.  Just 
as  soon  as  I  could  get  the  vantage  ground  of  the  Topeka  constitution 
to  stand  upon,  I  called  your  attention  to  the  existence  of  that  civil 
war,  explained  its  causes,  and  with  all  the  fervency  that  not  merely 
love  of  peace,  but  love  of  liberty  also,  could  enkindle,  I  conjured 
you  to  arrest  it  before  it  was  too  late,  by  removing  the  cause  of  that 
civil  war.  Even  now,  senators  refer  to  the  appeals  I  then  made,  so 
truthfully,  as  exaggerations  of  a  fertile  imagination.  Such  was  the 
answer  you  then  gave  me  ;  and  now  the  answer  you  give  me,  now 
when  I  conjure  you  once  more,  and  more  earnestly  than  ever,  to 
arrest  fratricidal  strife,  by  admitting  Kansas  under  her  own  free  con 
stitution,  is,  that  that  constitution  must  be  surrendered,  or  the  flames 
of  civil  war  must  be  suffered  to  burn  with  new  intensity  throughout 
that  ill-fated  territory. 

VOL.  IV.  72 


570  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

It  is  true  that  I  see  a  new  campaign  preparing  in  that  quarter. 
But,  just  like  those  which  have  occurred  there  before,  it  is  a  cam 
paign  not  organized  by  the  citizens  of  Kansas  against  each  other, 
nor  yet  organized  by  emigrants  sent  thither  by  the  Massachusetts 
emigrant  aid  society,  but  by  invaders  who  are  going  forth  from  all 
or  many  of  the  slave  states,  to  extirpate  the  freemen  of  Kansas,  to 
seize  upon  the  ballot-boxes  by  force  to  usurp  the  elective  franchise, 
to  create  in  that  way  a  new  legislature  and  a  convention  that  will 
organize  a  slave  state,  which  even  this  congress  is  expected  to  receive 
with  open  arms  as  a  member  of  this  federal  republic.  During  all 
the  period  of  that  civil  war  that  has  been  prevailing  in  Kansas,  the 
armed  bands  that  have  demolished  hotels,  sacked  cities,  overturned 
free  presses,  mobbed  ministers  of  the  gospel,  and  slain  the  farmer 
while  inclosing  his  newly-marked  field  on  the  prairie,  and  the  "per 
fectly  free  "  immigrant  before  he  had  slept  one  night  in  the  territory 
which  he  had  chosen  for  his  home,  were  not  citizens  of  Kansas,  or 
adventurers  from  the  free  states. 

The  armed  bands  that  are  forming  along  the  banks  of  the  Mis 
souri,  and  in  the  cities  of  the  southern  slave  states,  to  renew  the 
violence  so  briefly  suspended,  are  of  the  same  class.  I  need  not  be 
told  here  how  desperate  and  reckless  they  are.  Honorable  senators 
mistake  me  much,  if  they  suppose  that  I  look  with  complacency  or 
calmness  on  the  gathering  of  the  storm  anew,  and  that  I  do  not  fear 
for  the  safety  of  the  people  upon  whom  it  is  so  soon  to  rain  down 
new  desolation.  Why  should  I  not  share  all  their  alarms  and  fears? 
They  are  my  neighbors,  countrymen,  and  friends.  But,  at  the  same 
time,  honorable  senators,  in  explaining  their  own  positions  in  this 
crisis,  will  not  disturb  me  by  imputing  to  me  responsibilities  for  the 
disasters  of  the  times.  Before  the  so-called  compromise  of  1850  was 
enacted  here,  there  was  neither  civil  war  in  Kansas,  nor  any  cause 
existing  that  could  ever  produce  civil  war  or  slavery  there.  I  ex 
postulated  against  the  compromise,  and  implored  congress  not  to 
disturb  the  landmarks  of  freedom.  I  was  answered,  that  those  land 
marks  of  freedom  were  in  that  case  a  mere  abstraction,  on  which  it 
was  only  fanaticism  and  folly  to  insist.  I  replied,  that  if  you 
yielded  that  abstraction,  and  so  tolerated  slavery  in  the  possessions 
acquired  from  Mexico,  that  slavery  would  invade  the  unoccupied 
territory  which  remained  under  the  protection  of  the  Missouri  com 
promise  of  1820,  and  that  it  would  crowd  you  out  of  all  the  territo- 


KANSAS   AND   THE   ARMY.  571 

ries  of  the  United  States,  and  engage  you  in  a  contest  for  freedom, 
even  in  the  free  states.  The  concessions  then  demanded  were  never 
theless  made. 

In  1854,  you  took  advantage  of  the  concessions  made  in  1850r 
and  proposed  an  abrogation  of  the  prohibition  of  slavery  contained 
in  the  compromise  of  1820,  under  the  specious  pretense  of  abnegat 
ing  all  federal  authority  concerning  slavery  over  the  territories  of 
the  United  States,  and  granting  to  the  people  in  those  territories  per 
fect  freedom  to  establish  civil  liberty  there  for  themselves.  I  remon 
strated  and  expostulated  again,  and  warned  you  then  that  you  were 
sending  the  demon  of  civil  strife  into  the  territories.  You  persisted. 
At  the  beginning  of  this  session,  I  directed  your  attention  to  the 
civil  war  then  actually  broken  out  in  Kansas,  and  implored  your 
interposition  to  restore  peace  there,  together  with  that  perfect  free 
dom  which  had  been  subverted  by  the  invaders.  The  civil  war  was 
then  there;  it  remains  there  yet;  it  only  grows  more  and  more 
flagrant.  What  evil  has  happened,  then,  that  I  have  not  foreseen 
and  endeavored  to  prevent?  Who  has  held  executive  power  in 
this  land  ?  Certainly  not  I.  Who  has  exercised  legislative  power? 
Certainly  not  I.  Who  judicial  authority  ?  Certainly  not  I.  Whose 
counsels  have  directed  executive,  legislative,  and  judicial  powers? 
Certainly  not  mine,  but  the  counsels  of  those  who  have  been  con 
stantly  my  adversaries.  Yet  there  is  civil  war  in  Kansas,  and  it  is 
the  result  of  unwise  and  pernicious  legislation,  tyrannical  executive 
action,  and  prostituted  judicial  authority.  He  whose  penetration 
no  secret  of  the  human  heart  escapes,  no  artful  perversion  of  the 
truth  baffles — He  who  makes  the  hearts  of  men  to  love  freedom, 
even  more  than  peace,  and  to  seek  it  with  untiring  perseverance 
throughout  ages  of  suffering — He  knows  where  the  responsibility 
of  the  disasters  that  have  overtaken  the  republic  belongs.  My  con 
science,  on  this  subject,  shrinks  not  from  His  awful  scrutiny. 

And  now,  as  I  have  heretofore  counseled  how  to  continue  the 
reign  of  peace  before  it  was  broken,  and  how  to  restore  it  when  first 
it  was  broken,  I  will,  with  deference,  advise  how  to  regain  its  sway, 
before  it  is  too  late,  and  before  the  whole  country  rages  with  the 
flames  hitherto  confined  within  the  limits  of  Kansas.  You  can  do 
this  only  by  removing  the  cause  of  the  civil  war  in  Kansas,  the 
revolutionary  usurpation  that  exists  there.  In  short,  you  can  only 
effectually  restore  peace  to  Kansas,  and  harmony  to  the  country,  by 


£72  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

granting  liberty,  with  new  and  sure  safeguards.  What  Kansas 
wants,  is  not  merely  peace,  but  that  perfect  freedom  and  safety 
which  you  granted,  or  professed  to  grant,  by  the  Kansas  and  No 
braska  law.  You  must  not  merely  repeal  the  laws  of  the  conquerors 
of  Kansas,  but  you  must  abolish  the  conquest  itself.  There  is  only 
one  alternative — which  is,  that  Missourians  will  irrigate  the  soil  of 
Kansas  with  the  blood  of  its  people,  to  fertilize  that  soil,  and  make 
it  receive  the  seeds  of  slavery.  Consider  well,  I  beseech  };ou,  what 
a  fearful  alternative,  how  horrible  an  alternative,  this  is !  And  con 
sider — alas,  that  I  must  urge  it — how  dangerous  a  one  it  is!  All 
the  principles  of  our  constitution,  all  the  sentiments  of  mankind,  all 
nature  itself  revolts  against  it.  Can  it,  then,  be  adopted  with  suc 
cess  and  safety?  Let  the  trial,  if  it  must  come,  determine.  Some 
senator  asks,  who  can  tell  what  is  to  be  the  destiny  of  Kansas?  I 
can  tell.  I  do  not  know  the  fearful  horrors  through  which  either 
Kansas  or  the  country  is  to  pass ;  but  be  they  what  they  may,  the 
•destiny  of  Kansas  is  freedom. 

I  turn,  for  a  moment,  to  the  honorable  senator  from  Kentucky 
[Mr.  CRITTENDEN].  He  has  laid  his  peace-offering  on  the  table  of 
the  senate — I  ought  rather  to  say,  "  on  the  altar  of  his  country." 
His  years,  his  eminent  position,  his  unquestioned  patriotism,  entitle 
him  to  do  so,  and  entitle  him  not  merely  to  forbearance  on  this 
occasion,  but  to  the  homage  due  to  one  who  sincerely  desires  to  be 
a  public  benefactor.  Although  he  has  not  spoken  so  charitably  of 
me  as  might  become  the  office  he  has  undertaken,  I  shall  not  attempt 
to  thrust  that  offering  from  the  altar,  or  to  tear  it  into  pieces.  I  will 
let  it  lie  there,  and  calmly  await  the  approval  of  it  by  the  slave 
states,  in  whose  name  it  is  presented  by  him,  as  one  with  which  the 
free  states  ought  also  to  be  satisfied.  The  slave  states  have  commit 
ted  themselves  to  the  principle  of  popular  sovereignty  in  the  terri 
tories  so  deeply,  that  they  uphold  and  maintain  even  a  revolutionary 
and  usurping  authority  there  as  a  legitimate  one.  We  shall  see 
whether  they  are  ready,  on  the  prayer  of  the  senator  from  Kentucky, 
to  renounce  this  principle  and  its  acceptable  fruits,  and  transfer  the 
legislative  authority  in  Kansas  to  any  depository  which  will  restore 
either  perfect  freedom,  or  any  real  freedom  whatever,  to  the  people 
of  Kansas.  I  will  wait  and  answer,  after  the  democracy  on  the 
other  side  of  the  chamber  shall  have  recognized  the  senator's  peace- 
offering  as  their  own.  In  the  meantime,  I  beg  to  say,  with  the 


KANSAS   AND   THE   ARMY.  57S 

highest  respect  and  the  utmost  kindness  to  the  honorable  senator 
who  leads  in  this  solemn  ceremony,  that  he  is  not  likely  to  effect  a 
truce  with  the  house  of  representatives  by  such  denunciations  as  he 
has  indulged  in  against  the  free  states  of  the  north  on  this  occasion. 
No ;  to  resume  his  own  figure,  let  me  tell  him  that  the  priest  who 
shall,  in  this  conjuncture,  lay  on  the  altar  of  his  country  a  peace- 
offering  acceptable  to  the  American  people,  must  be  a  man  who  not 
only  loves  public  tranquillity  and  is  without  fear,  but  who  also  can 
respect  the  love  of  justice  and  truth  and  the  devotion  to  freedom 
which  animate  the  free  states  of  the  north. 

The  honorable  senator,  after  deploring  the  fanaticism  of  the  north 
announces  his  hope  that  it  will  grow  more  conciliatory.  It  is  not 
the  character  of  the  north  star  to  change  its  position  or  to  vary  its 
light.  The  mariner  singles  it  out  from  among  all  the  luminaries  of 
the  heavens,  and  adopts  it  as  the  guide  to  his  course,  for  its  con 
stancy.  It  will  not  change  now.  It  has  been  for  a  time  partially 
covered  with  fleeting  clouds ;  but  they  are  passing  away,  and  it  will 
stand  then  and  shine  steadily  upon  this  nation,  until  it  shall  conduct 
not  only  those  states  which  receive  its  vertical  rays,  but  even  those 
which  enjoy  only  its  angular  beams,  into  the  haven  of  impartial  and 
enduring  freedom.  The  Romans  in  their  southern  capital,  and  under 
their  sunny  skies,  thought,  when  the  Northmen  for  a  time  withdrew 
from  the  borders  of  the  city,  that  those  Northmen  would  change 
and  relent,  and  become  more  conciliatory.  Did  the  Northmen  in 
deed  change  ?  No,  not  until  they  had  mingled  their  own  blood 
with  the  blood  of  Italy,  and  restored  it  to  a  better  and  purer  free 
dom  than  it  had  ever  known  before. 

I  think  that  France  and  England,  and  especially  Turkey,  is  ex 
pecting  that  the  north  of  Europe  will  become  more  conciliatory, 
more  generous.  Do  you  believe  this?  No;  the  north  of  Europe 
changes  not.  It  is  again  to  spread  over  the  southern  plains,  and 
reinvigorate  the  natives  of  the  Mediterranean.  No  more  will  the 
north  of  America  change.  You  may  resist  it  if  you  will,  but  it 
will  persevere  peacefully,  if  you  will  suffer  it  to  do  so;  but  it  will 
persevere  constantly,  nevertheless,  in  the  extension  of  freedom  in 
the  territories  of  the  United  States,  and  by  its  example  in  inducing- 
the  southern  states  to  abolish  slavery  among  themselves. 

And,  now,  what  do  senators  expect  to  gain  by  persisting  in  the 
miserable  issue  they  have  made  up  with  the  house  of  representa- 


SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

tives? — an  issue  upon  our  own  relative  power,  under  the  constitu 
tion,  as  a  branch  of  the  national  legislature — a  question  merely 
personal.  I  have  no  reason  to  despise,  as  I  have  no  motive  to 
undervalue,  the  power  or  the  dignity  of  the  seriate  of  the  United 
States.  Contrary  to  what  I  had  ever  before  expected  or  dreamed,  I, 
myself,  am  a  member  of  the  senate.  My  own  fortunes  and  fame, 
.such  as  they  are,  are  bound  up  in  the  fortunes  and  fame  of  the  senate. 
For  me  there  is  no  higher  ambition  than  the  place  I  hold  in  the 
seriate ;  there  is  no  lane  or  open  way  for  me  to  any  other  depart 
ment  of  my  country's  service.  As  I  would  leave  a  fair  name,  and, 
if  possible,  one  that  might  in  future  times  arrest  the  eye  of  the 
curious  and  inquisitive  student  who  shall  be  prying  into  my 
country's  history,  so  I  am  careful  never  to  do  an  act,  to  speak  a 
word,  or  think  a  thought,  unbecoming  to  the  senate  of  the  United 
States.  I  therefore  stand  with  you  all  for  the  dignity,  and  honor, 
and  independence,  of  the  senate.  But  I  confess  to  you  frankly  my 
opinion,  that  the  senate  will  defend  its  dignity  and  independence 
effectually,  not  by  joining  puerile  issues  with  the  house  of  represent 
atives  on  questions  of  equality  or  preeminence,  but  in  the  same 
way  that  every  citizen,  who  is  a  constituent  of  either  house  of 
congress,  maintains  his  dignity  and  independence — namely,  by 
doing  justice,  loving  mercy,  and  walking  humbly,  under  all  the 
vicissitudes  and  in  all  the  scenes  of  human  activity  and  endurance. 


FREEDOM  IN  KANSAS.1 

EIGHT  years  ago  we  slew  the  Wilmot  proviso  in  the  senate  cham 
ber,  and  buried  it  with  triumphal  demonstrations  under  the  floors  of 
the  capitol.  Four  years  later,  we  exploded  altogether  the  time-honored 
system  of  governing  the  territories  by  federal  rules  and  regulations, 
and  published  and  proclaimed  in  its  stead  a  new  gospel  of  popular 
sovereignty,  whose  ways,  like  those  of  wisdom,  were  to  be  ways  of 
pleasantness,  and  all  of  whose  paths  were  supposed  to  be  flowery 
paths  of  peace.  Nevertheless,  the  question  whether  there  shall  be 
slavery  or  no  slavery  in  the  territories,  is  again  the  stirring  passage 
of  the  day.  The  restless  proviso  has  burst  the  cerements  of  the 

1  Speech  In  the  Senate,  March  3,  1858,  on  the  Lecompton  constitution.    See  ante  page  50. 


FREEDOM   IN    KANSAS.  575 

grave,  and,  striking  hands  here  in  our  very  presence  with  the  gentle 
spirit  of  popular  sovereignty,  run  mad,  is  seen  raging  freely  in  our 
halls,  scattering  dismay  among  the  administration  benches,  in  both 
houses  of  congress. .  Thus  an  old  and  unwelcome  lesson  is  read  to 
us  anew.  The  question  of  slavery  in  the  federal  territories,  which 
are  the  nurseries  of  future  states,  independently  of  all  its  moral  and 
humane  elements,  involves  a  dynastical  struggle  of  two  antagonisti- 
cal  systems,  the  labor  of  slaves  and  the  labor  of  freemen,  for  mastery 
in  the  Federal  Union.  One  of  these  systems  partakes  of  an  aristo 
cratic  character ;  the  other  is  purely  democratic.  Each  one  of  the 
existing  states  has  staked,  or  it  will  ultimately  stake,  not  only  its 
internal  welfare,  but  also  its  influence  in  the  federal  councils,  on 
the  decision  of  that  contest.  Such  a  struggle  is  not  to  be  arrested, 
quelled  or  reconciled,  by  temporary  expedients  or  compromises. 

I  always  engage  reluctantly  in  these  discussions,  which  awaken 
passion  just  in  the  degree  that  their  importance  demands  the  impar 
tial  umpirage  of  reason.  This  reluctance  deepens  now,  when  I  look 
around  me  and  count  the  able  contestants  who  have  newly  entered 
the  lists  on  either  side ;  and  shadowy  forms  of  many  great  and 
honored  statesmen  who  once  were  eloquent  in  these  disputes,  but 
whose  tongues  have  since  become  string] ess  instruments,  rise  up 
before  me.  It  is,  however,  a  maxim  in  military  science,  that  in  pre 
paration  for  war,  every  one  should  think  as  if  the  last  event  de 
pended  on  his  counsel,  and  in  every  great  battle  each  one  should 
fight  as  if  he  were  the  only  champion.  The  principle  perhaps  is 
equally  sound  in  political  affairs.  If  it  be  possible,  I  shall  perform 
my  present  duty  in  such  a  way  as  to  wound  no  just  sensibilities.  I 
must,  however,  review  the  action  of  presidents,  senates  and  con 
gresses.  I  do  indeed,  with  all  my  heart,  reject  the  instruction  given 
by  the  Italian  master  of  political  science,  which  teaches  that  all  men 
are  bad  by  nature,  and  that  they  will  not  fail  to  show  this  depravity 
whenever  they  have  a  fair  opportunity.  But  jealousy  of  executive 
power  is  a  high,  practical  virtue  in  republics;  and  we  shall  find  it 
hard  to  deny  the  justice  of  the  character  of  free  legislative  bodies, 
which  Charles  James  Fox  drew,  when  he  said  that  the  British  house 
of  commons,  of  which  he  was  at  the  moment  equally  an  ornament 
and  an  idol,  like  every  other  popular  assembly,  must  be  viewed  as  a 
mass  of  men  capable  of  too  much  attachment  and  too  much  ani 
mosity,  capable  of  being  biased  by  weak  and  even  wicked  motives, 


576  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

and  liable  to  be  governed  by  ministerial  influence,  by  caprice,  and 
by  corruption. 

I  propose  to  inquire,  in  the  first  place,  why  the  question  before  us 
is  attended  by  real  or  apparent  dangers. 

I  think  our  apprehensions  are  in  part  due  to  the  intrinsic  import 
ance  of  the  transaction  concerned.  Whenever  we  add  a  new  column 
to  the  federal  colonnade,  we  need  to  lay  its  foundation  so  firmly,  to 
shape  its  shaft  with  such  just  proportions,  to  poise  it  with  such 
exactness,  and  to  adjust  its  connections  with  the  existing  structure 
so  carefully,  that  instead  of  falling  prematurely,  and  dragging  other 
and  venerable  columns  with  it  to  the  ground,  it  may  stand  erect  for 
ever,  increasing  the  grandeur  and  the  stability  of  the  whole  massive 
and  imperial  fabric.  Still,  the  admission  of  a  new  state  is  not  neces 
sarily  or  even  customarily  attended  by  either  embarrassments  or 
alarms.  We  have  already  admitted  eighteen  new  states  without 
serious  commotions,  except  in  the  cases  of  Missouri,  Texas  and  Cali 
fornia.  We  are  even  now  admitting  two  others,  Minnesota  and 
Oregon ;  and  these  transactions  go  on  so  smoothly  that  only  close 
observers  are  aware  that  we  are  thus  consolidating  our  dominion  on 
the  shores  of  lake  Superior,  and  almost  at  the  gates  of  the  Arctic 
ocean. 

It  is  possible  that  the  apprehended  difficulties  in  the  present  case 
have  some  relation  to  the  dispute  concerning  slavery,  which  is  raging 
within  the  territory  of  Kansas.  Yet  it  must  be  remembered  that 
nine  of  the  new  states  which  have  been  admitted,  expressly  esta 
blished  slavery,  or  tolerated  it,  and  nine  of  them  forbade  it.  The 
excitement,  therefore,  is  due  to  peculiar  circumstances.  I  think 
there  are  three  of  them,  namely : 

First.  That  whereas,  in  the  beginning,  the  ascendency  of  the  slave 
states  was  absolute,  it  is  now  being  reversed. 

Second.  That  whereas,  heretofore,  the  national  government  favored 
this  change  of  balance  from  the  slave  states  to  the  free  states,  it  has 
now  reversed  this  policy,  and  opposes  the  change. 

Third.  That  national  intervention  in  the  territories,  in  favor  of 
slave  labor  and  slave  states,  is  opposed  to  the  natural,  social  and 
moral  developments  of  the  republic. 

It  seems  almost  unnecessary  to  demonstrate  the  first  of  these  pro 
positions.  In  the  beginning,  there  were  twelve  slave  states,  and 
only  one  that  was  free.  Now,  six  of  those  twelve  have  become 


FREEDOM   IN    KANSAS.  577 

free;  and  there  are  sixteen  free  states  to  fifteen  slave  states.  If  the 
three  candidates  now  here,  Kansas,  Minnesota  and  Oregon,  shall  be 
admitted  as  free  states,  then  there  will  be  nineteen  free  states  to 
fifteen  slave  states.  Originally,  there  were  twenty-four  senators  of 
slave  states,  and  only  two  of  a  free  state ;  now  there  are  thirty-two 
senators  of  free  states,  and  thirty  of  slave  states.  In  the  first  con 
stitutional  congress,  the  slave  states  had  fifty-seven  representatives, 
and  the  one  free  state  had  only  eight ;  now,  the  free  states  have  one 
hundred  and  forty-four  representatives,  while  the  slave  states  have 
only  ninety.  These  changes  have  happened  in  a  period  during 
which  the  slave  states  have  almost  uninterruptedly  exercised  para 
mount  influence  in  the  government,  and  notwithstanding  the  consti 
tution  itself  has  opposed  well-known  checks  to  the  relative  increase 
of  representation  of  free  states.  I  assume,  therefore,  the  truth  of 
my  first  proposition. 

I  suggested  a  second  circumstance,  namely:  That  whereas,  in  the 
earlier  age  of  the  republic,  the  national  government  favored  this 
change,  yet  it  has  since  altogether  reversed  that  policy,  and  it  now 
opposes  the  change.  I  do  not  claim  that  heretofore  the  national 
government  always,  or  even  habitually,  intervened  in  the  territories 
in  favor  of  the  free  states,  but  only  that  such  intervention  prepon 
derated.  While  slavery  existed  in  all  of  the  states  but  one,  at  the 
beginning,  yet  it  was  far  less  intense  in  the  northern  than  in  some 
of  the  southern  states.  All  of  the  former  contemplated  an  early 
emancipation.  The  fathers  seem  not  to  have  anticipated  an  enlarge 
ment  of  the  national  territory.  Consequently,  they  expected  that 
all  the  new  states  to  be  thereafter  admitted  would  be  organized  upon 
subdivisions  of  the  then  existing  states,  or  upon  divisions  of  the 
then  existing  national  domain.  That  domain  lay  behind  the  thir 
teen  states,  and  stretched  from  the  lakes  to  the  gulf,  and  was  bounded 
westward  by  the  Mississippi.  It  was  naturally  divided  by  the  Ohio 
river,  and  the  northwest  territory  and  the  southwest  territory  were 
organized  on  that  division.  It  was  foreseen,  even  then,  that  the 
new  states  to  be  admitted  would  ultimately  overbalance  the  thirteen 
original  ones.  They  were,  however,  mainly  to  be  yet  planted  and 
matured  in  the  desert,  with  the  agency  of  human  labor. 

The  fathers  knew  only  of  two  kinds  of  Libor,  the  same  which 
now  exist  among  ourselves — namely,  the  labor  of  African  slaves 
and  the  labor  of  freemen.  The  former  then  predominated  in  this 
VOL.  IV.  7:3 


578  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

country,  as  it  did  throughout  the  continent.  A  confessed  deficiency 
of  slave  labor  could  be  supplied  only  by  domestic  increase,  and  by 
continuance  of  the  then  existing  importation  from  Africa.  The 
supply  of  free  labor  depended  on  domestic  increase,  and  a  voluntary 
immigration  from  Europe.  Settlements,  which  had  thus  early  taken 
on  a  free-labor  character  or  a  slave-labor  character,  were  already 
maturing  in  those  parts  of  old  states  which  were  to  be  ultimately 
detached  and  formed  into  new  states.  When  new  states  of  this 
class  were  organized,  they  were  admitted  promptly,  either  as  free 
states  or  as  slave  states,  without  objection.  Thus  Vermont,  a  free 
state,  was  admitted  in  1791;  Kentucky,  a  slave  state,  in  1792;  and 
Tennessee,  also  a  slave  state,  in  1796.  Five  new  states  were  con 
templated  to  be  erected  in  the  northwest  territory.  Practically  it 
was  unoccupied,  and  therefore  open  to  labor  of  either  kind.  The 
one  kind  or  the  other,  in  the  absence  of  any  anticipated  emulation, 
would  predominate,  just  as  congress  should  intervene  to  favor  it. 
Congress  intervened  in  favor  of  free  labor.  This  indeed  was  an  act 
of  the  continental  congress,  but  it  was  confirmed  by  the  first  consti 
tutional  congress.  The  fathers  simultaneously  adopted  three  other 
measures  of  less  direct  intervention.  First,  they  initiated  in  1789, 
and  completed  in  1808,  the  absolute  suppression  of  the  African  slave 
trade.  Secondly,  they  organized  systems  of  foreign  commerce  and 
navigation,  which  stimulated  voluntary  immigration  from  Europe. 
Thirdly,  they  established  an  easy,  simple  and  uniform  process  of 
naturalization.  The  change  of  the  balance  of  power  from  the  slave 
states  to  the  free  states,  which  we  are  now  witnessing,  is  due  chiefly 
to  those  four  early  measures  of  national  intervention  in  favor  of  free 
labor.  It  would  have  taken  place  much  sooner,  if  the  borders  of  the 
republic  had  remained  unchanged.  The  purchase  of  Louisiana  and 
the  acquisition  of  Florida,  however,  were  transactions  resulting  from 
high  political  necessities,  in  disregard  of  the  question  between  free 
labor  and  slave  labor.  In  admitting  the  ne\\  state  of  Louisiana, 
which  was  organized  on  the  slave-labor  settlement  of  New  Orleans, 
congress  practised  the  same  neutrality  which  it  had  before  exercised 
in  the  states  of  Kentucky  and  Tennessee.  No  serious  dispute  arose 
until  1819,  when  Missouri,  organized  within  the  former  province  of 
Louisiana,  upon  a  slave-labor  settlement  in  St.  Louis,  applied  for 
admission  as  a  slave  state,  and  Arkansas  was  manifestly  preparing  to 
appear  soon  in  the  same  character.  The  balance  of  power  between 


FREEDOM   IN   KANSAS.  579 

the  slave  states  and  the  free  states  was  already  reduced  to  an  equi 
librium,  and  the  eleven  free  states  had  an  equal  representation  with 
the  eleven  slave  states  in  the  senate  of  the  United  States.  The  slave 
states  unanimously  insisted  on  an  unqualified  admission  of  Missouri. 
The  free  states,  with  less  unanimity,  demanded  that  the  new  state 
should  renounce  slavery.  The  controversy  seemed  to  shake  the 
Union  to  its  foundations,  and  it  was  terminated  by  a  compromise. 
Missouri  was  admitted  as  a  slave  state.  Arkansas,  rather  by  impli 
cation  than  by  express  agreement,  was  to  be  admitted,  and  it  was 
afterwards  admitted  as  a  slave  state.  On  the  other  hand,  slavery 
was  forever  prohibited  in  all  that  part  of  the  old  province  of  Louisi 
ana  yet  remaining  unoccupied,  which  lay  north  of  the  parallel  of 
36°  30'  north  latitude.  The  reservation  for  free  labor  included  the 
immense  region  now  known  as  the  territories  of  Kansas  and  Ne 
braska,  and  seemed  ample  for  eight,  ten,  or  more  free  states.  The 
severity  of  the  struggle  and  the  conditions  of  the  compromise,  indi 
cated  very  plainly,  however,  that  the  vigor  of  national  intervention 
in  favor  of  free  labor  and  free  states  was  exhausted.  Still,  the  exist 
ing  statutes  were  adequate  to  secure  an  ultimate  ascendency  of  the 
free  states. 

The  policy  of  intervention  in  favor  of  slave  labor  and  slave  states 
began  with  the  further  removal  of  the  borders  of  the  republic.  I 
cheerfully  admit  that  this  policy  has  not  been  persistent  or  exclusive, 
and  claim  only  that  it  has  been  and  yet  is  predominant.  I  am  not 
now  to  deplore  the  annexation  of  Texas.  I  remark  simply  that  it 
was  a  bold  measure,  of  doubtful  constitutionality,  distinctly  adopted 
as  an  act  of  intervention  in  favor  of  slave  labor,  and  made  or  intended 
to  be  made  most  effective  by  the  stipulation  that  the  new  state  of 
Texas  may  hereafter  be  divided  and  so  reorganized  as  to  constitute 
five  slave  states.  This  great  act  cast  a  long  shadow  before  it — a 
shadow  which  perplexed  the  people  of  the  free  states.  It  was  then 
that  a  feeble  social  movement,  which  aimed  by  moral  persuasion  at 
the  manumission  of  slaves,  gave  place  to  political  organizations, 
which  have  ever  since  gone  on  increasing  in  magnitude  and  energy, 
directed  against  a  further  extension  of  slavery  in  the  United  States. 
The  war  between  the  United  States  and  Mexico,  and  the  acquisition 
of  the  Mexican  provinces  of  New  Mexico  and  Upper  California,  the 
fruits  of  that  war,  were  so  immediately  and  directly  consequences  of 
the  annexation  of  Texas,  that  all  of  those  transactions  in  fact  may 


580  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED   STATES  SENATE. 

be  regarded  as  constituting  one  act  of  intervention  in  favor  of  slave 
labor  and  slave  states.  The  field  of  the  strife  between  the  two  sys 
tems  had  become  .widely  enlarged.  Indeed,  it  was  now  continental. 
The  amazing  mineral  wealth  of  California  stimulated  settlement  there 
into  a  rapidity  like  that  of  vegetation.  The  Mexican  laws  which 
prevailed  in  the  newly  acquired  territories,  dedicated  them  to  free 
labor,  and  thus  the  astounding  question  arose  for  the  first  time, 
whether  the  United  States  of  America,  whose  constitution  is  based 
on  the  principle  of  the  political  equality  of  all  men,  would  blight 
and  curse  with  slavery  a  conquered  land  which  enjoyed  universal 
freedom.  The  slave  states  denied  the  obligation  of  these  laws,  and 
insisted  on  their  abrogation.  The  free  states  maintained  them,  and 
demanded  their  confirmation  through  the  enactment  of  the  Wilmot 
proviso.  The  slave  states  and  the  free  states  were  yet  in  equilibrium. 
The  controversy  continued  here  two  years.  The  settlers  of  the  new 
territories  became  impatient,  and  precipitated  a  solution  of  the  ques 
tion.  They  organized  new  free  states  in  California  and  New  Mexico. 
The  Mormons  also  framed  a  government  in  Utah.  Congress,  after  a 
bewildering  excitement,  determined  the  matter  by  another  compro 
mise.  It  admitted  California  a  free  state,  dismembered  New  Mexico, 
transferring  a  large  district  free  from  slavery  to  Texas,  whose  laws 
carried  slavery  over  it,  and  subjected  the  residue  to  a  territorial  gov 
ernment,  as  it  also  subjected  Utah,  and  stipulated  that  the  future 
states  to  be  organized  in  those  territories  should  be  admitted  either 
as  free  states  or  as  slave  states,  as  they  should  elect.  I  pass  over  the 
portions  of  this  arrrangement  which  did  not  bear  directly  on  the 
point  in  conflict.  The  federal  government  presented  this  compro 
mise  to  the  people  as  a  comprehensive,  final  and  perpetual  adjust 
ment  of  all  then  existing  and  all  future  questions  having  any  relation 
to  the  subject  of  slavery  within  the  territories  or  elsewhere.  The 
country  accepted  it  with  that  proverbial  facility  which  free  states 
practice,  when  time  brings  on  a  stern  conflict  which  popular  passions 
provoke,  and  at  a  distance  defy.  This  halcyon  peace,  however,  had 
not  ceased  to  be  celebrated,  when  new-born  necessities  of  trade, 
travel  and  labor  required  an  opening  of  the  region  in  the  old  pro 
vince  of  Louisiana  north  of  36°  30',  which  had  been  reserved  in 
1820,  and  dedicated  to  free  labor  and  free  states.  The  old  question 
was  revived  in  regard  to  that  territory,  and  took  the  narrow  name 
of  the  Kansas  question,  just  as  the  stream  which  lake  Superior  dis- 


FREEDOM   IN    KANSAS.  581 

charges,  now  contracting  itself  into  rivers  and  precipitating  itself 
down  rapids  and  cataracts,  and  now  spreading  out  its  waters  into 
broad  seas,  assumes  a  new  name  with  every  change  of  form,  but 
continues,  nevertheless,  the  same  majestic  and  irresistible  flood  under 
every  change,  increasing  in  depth  and  in  volume  until  it  loses  itself 
in  the  all-absorbing  ocean. 

No  one  had  ever  said  or  even  thought  that  the  law  of  freedom  in 
this  region  could  be  repealed,  impaired  or  evaded.  Its  constitution 
ality  had  indeed  been  questioned  at  the  time  of  its  enactment ;  but 
this,  with  all  other  objections,  had  been  surrendered  as  part  of  the 
compromise.  It  was  regarded  as  bearing  the  sanction  of  the  public 
faith,  as  it  certainly  had  those  of  time  and  acquiescence.  But  the 
.slaveholding  people  of  Missouri  looked  across  the  border  into  Kan 
sas,  and  coveted  the  land.  The  slave  states  could  not  fail  to  sympa 
thise  with  them.  It  seemed  as  if  no  organization  of  government 
•could  be  effected  in  the  territory.  The  senator  from  Illinois  projected 
&  scheme.  Under  his  vigorous  leading,  congress  created  two  terri 
tories,  Nebraska  and  Kansas.  The  former  (the  more  northern  one) 
might,  it  was  supposed,  be  settled  without  slavery,  and  become  a  free 
state,  or  several  free  states.  The  latter  (the  southern  one)  was  acces 
sible  to  the  slave  states,  bordered  on  one  of  them,  and  was  regarded 
as  containing  a  region  inviting  to  slaveholders.  So  it  might  be  settled 
by  them,  and  become  one  or  more  slave  states.  Thus  indirectly  a 
further  compfomise  might  be  effected,  if  the  Missouri  prohibition  of 
1820  should  be  abrogated.  Congress  abrogated  it,  with  the  special 
iind  effective  cooperation  of  the  president,  and  thus  the  national 
government  directly  intervened  in  favor  of  slave  labor.  Loud 
remonstrances  against  the  measure,  on  the  ground  of  its  violation  of 
the  national  faith,  were  silenced  by  clamorous  avowals  of  a  discovery 
that  congress  had  never  had  any  right  to  intervene  in  the  territories 
for  or  against  slavery,  but  that  the  citizens  of  the  United  States 
residing  within  a  territory,  had,  like  the  people  of  every  state,  exclu 
sive  authority  and  jurisdiction  over  slavery,  as  one  of  the  domestic 
relations.  The  Kansas-Nebraska  act  only  recognized  and  affirmed 
this  right,  as  it  was  said.  The  theory  was  not  indeed  new,  but  a 
vagrant  one,  which  had  for  some  time  gone  about  seeking  among 
political  parties  the  charity  of  adoption,  under  the  name  of  squatter 
sovereignty.  It  was  now  brought  to  the  font  and  baptized  with  the 
more  attractive  appellation  of  popular  sovereignty.  It  was  idle  for 


582  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

a  time  to  say  that,  under  the  Missouri  prohibition,  freemen  in  the  ter 
ritory  had  all  the  rights  which  freemen  could  desire — perfect  free 
dom  to  do  everything  but  establish  slavery.  Popular  sovereignty 
offered  the  indulgence  of  a  taste  of  the  fruit  of  the  tree  of  the- 
knowledge  of  evil  as  well  as  of  good — a  more  perfect  freedom. 
Insomuch  as  the  proposition  seemed  to  come  from  a  free  state,  the 
slave  states  could  not  resist  its  seductions,  although  sagacious  men- 
saw  that  they  were  delusive.  Consequently  a  small  and  ineffectual 
stream  of  slave  labor  was  at  once  forced  into  Kansas,  engineered  by 
a  large  number  of  politicians,  advocates  at  once  of  slavery  and  of  the 
federal  administration,  who  proceeded  with  great  haste  to  prepare 
the  means  so  to  carry  the  first  election  as  to  obtain  the  laws  neces 
sary  for  the  protection  of  slavery.  It  is  one  thing,  however,  to 
expunge  statutes  from  a  national  code,  and  quite  another  to  subvert 
a  national  institution,  even  though  it  be  only  a  monument  of  free 
dom  located  in  the  desert.  Nebraska  was  resigned  to  free  labor 
without  a  struggle,  and  Kansas  became  the  theatre  of  the  first  actual 
national  conflict  between  slaveholding  and  free-labor  immigrants, 
met  face  to  face,  to  organize,  through  the  machinery  of  republican 
action,  a  civil  community. 

The  parties  differed  as  widely  in  their  appointments,  conduct  and 
bearing,  as  in  their  principles.  The  free  laborers  came  into  the  ter 
ritory  with  money,  horses,  cattle,  implements  and  engines,  with 
energies  concentrated  by  associations  and  strengthened  by  the  recog 
nition  of  some  of  the  states.  They  marked  out  farms  and  sites  for 
mills,  towns  and  cities,  and  proceeded  at  once  to  build,  to  plow,  and 
to  sow.  They  proposed  to  debate,  to  discuss,  to  organize  peacefully, 
and  to  vote,  and  to  abide  the  canvass.  The  slave-labor  party  entered 
the  territory  irregularly,  staked  out  possessions,  marked  them,  and 
then,  in  most  instances,  withdrew  to  the  states  from  which  they  had 
come,  to  sell  their  new  acquisitions,  or  to  return  and  resume  them, 
as  circumstances  should  render  one  course  or  the  other  expedient. 
They  left  armed  men  in  the  territory  to  keep  watch  and  guard,  and 
to  summon  external  aid,  either  to  vote  or  to  fight,  as  should  be  found 
necessary.  They  were  fortified  by  the  favor  of  the  administration,  and 
assumed  to  act  with  its  authority.  Intolerant  of  debate,  and  defiant, 
they  hurried  on  the  elections  which  were  to  be  so  perverted  that  a 
usurpation  should  be  established.  They  rang  out  their  summons 
when  the  appointed  time  came,  and  armed  bands  of  partisans,  from 


FREEDOM   IN   KANSAS.  583 

states  near  and  remote,  invaded  and  entered  the  territory,  with  ban 
ners,  ammunition,  provisions  and  forage,  and  encamped  around  the 
polls.  They  seized  the  ballot-boxes,  replaced  the  j  udges  of  elections 
with  partisans  of  their  own,  drove  away  their  opponents,  filled  the 
boxes  with  as  many  votes  as  the  exigencies  demanded,  and,  leaving 
the  results  to  be  returned  by  reliable  hands,  they  marched  back 
again  to  their  distant  homes,  to  celebrate  the  conquest,  and  exult  in 
the  prospect  of  the  establishment  of  slavery  upon  the  soil  so  long 
consecrated  to  freedom.  Thus,  in  a  single  day,  they  became  parents 
of  a  state  without  affection  for  it,  and  childless  again  without  bereave 
ment.  In  this  first  hour  of  trial,  the  new  system  of  popular  sove 
reignty  signally  failed — failed  because  it  is  impossible  to  organize,  by 
one  single  act,  in  one  day,  a  community  perfectly  free,  perfectly 
sovereign,  and  perfectly  constituted,  out  of  elements  unassimilated, 
unarranged  and  uucomposed.  Free  labor  rightfully  won  the  day. 
Slave  labor  wrested  the  victory  to  itself  by  fraud  and  violence. 
Instead  of  a  free  republican  government  in  the  territory,  such  as 
popular  sovereignty  had  promised,  there  was  then  and  thenceforth  a, 
hateful  usurpation.  This  usurpation  proceeded  without  delay,  and 
without  compunction,  to  disfranchise  the  people.  It  transferred  the 
slave  code  of  Missouri  to  Kansas,  without  stopping  in  all  cases  to 
substitute  the  name  of  the  new  territory  for  that  of  the  old  state. 
It  practically  suspended  popular  elections  for  three  years — the  usurp 
ing  legislature  assigning  that  term  for  its  own  members,  while  it 
committed  all  subordinate  trusts  to  agents  appointed  by  itself.  It 
barred  the. courts  and  the  juries  to  its  adversaries  by  test  oaths,  and 
made  it  a  crime  to  think  what  one  pleased,  and  to  write  and  print 
what  one  thought.  It  borrowed  all  the  enginer^v  of  tyranny  but  the 
torture  from  the  practice  of  the  Stuarts.  The  party  of  free  labor 
appealed  to  the  governor  (Reeder)  to  correct  the  false  election  returns. 
He  intervened,  but  ineffectually,  arid  yet  even  for  that  intervention 
was  denounced  by  the  administration  organs,  and,  after  long  and 
unacceptable  explanations,  he  was  removed  from  office  by  the  presi 
dent.  The  new  governor  (Shannon)  sustained  for  a  while  the  usurpa 
tion,  but  failed  to  effect  the  subjugation  of  the  people,  although  he 
organized  as  a  militia  an  armed  partisan  band  of  adventurers  who 
had  intruded  themselves  into  the  territory  to  force  slavery  upon  the 
people.  With  the  active  cooperation  of  this  band,  the  party  of  slave 
labor  disarmed  the  free-state  emigrants  who  had  now  learned  the 


584  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

necessity  of  being  prepared  for  self-defense,  on  the  borders  of  the 
territory  and  on  the  distant  roads  and  rivers  which  led  into  it. 
They  destroyed  a  bridge  that  free-labor  men  used  in  their  way  to  the 
seat  of  government,  sacked  a  hotel  where  they  lodged,  and  broke 
up  and  cast  into  the  river  a  press  which  was  the  organ  of  their  cause. 

The  people  of  Kansas,  thus  deprived,  not  merely  of  self-govern 
ment,  but  even  of  peace,  tranquillity  and  security,  fell  back  on  the 
inalienable  revolutionary  right  of  voluntary  reorganization.  They 
determined,  however,  with  admirable  temper,  judgment,  and  loyalty, 
to  conduct  their  proceedings  for  this  purpose  in  deference  and  sub 
ordination  to  the  authority  of  the  Federal  Union,  and  according  to 
the  line  of  safe  precedents. 

After  due  elections,  open  to  all  the  inhabitants  of  the  territory, 
they  organized  provisionally  a  state  government  atTopeka;  and  by 
the  hands  of  provisional  senators,  and  a  provisional  representative, 
they  submitted  their  constitution  to  congress,  and  prayed  to  be 
admitted  as  a  free  state  into  the  Federal  Union.  The  federal  autho 
rities  lent  no  aid  to  this  movement,  but,  on  the  contrary,  the  presi 
dent  and  senate  contemptuously  rejected  it,  and  denounced  it  as 
treason,  and  all  its  actors  and  abettors  as  disloyal  to  the  Union.  An 
army  was  dispatched  into  the  territory,  intended  indeed  to  preserve 
peace,  but  at  the  same  time  to  obey  and  sustain  the  usurpation.  The 
provisional  legislature,  which  had  met  to  confer,  and  to  adopt  further 
means  to  urge  the  prayers  of  the  people  upon  congress,  were  dis 
persed  by  the  army,  and  the  state  officers  provisionally  elected,  who 
had  committed  no  criminal  act,  were  arrested,  indicted,  and  held  in 
the  federal  camp  as  state  prisoners.  Nevertheless,  the  people  of 
Kansas  did  not  acquiesce.  The  usurpation  remained  a  barren  autho 
rity,  defied,  derided  and  despised. 

A  national  election  was  now  approaching.  Excitement  within  and 
sympathies  without  the  territory  must  be  allayed.  Governor  Shan 
non  was  removed,  and  Mr.  Greary  was  appointed  his  successor.  He 
exacted  submission  to  the  statutes  of  the  usurpation,  but  promised 
equality  in  their  administration.  He  induced  a  repeal  of  some  of 
those  statutes  which  were  most  obviously  unconstitutional,  and 
declared  an  amnesty  for  political  offenses.  He  persuaded  the  legisla 
ture  of  the  usurpation  to  ordain  a  call  for  a  convention  atLecornpton, 
to  form  a  constitution,  if  the  measure  should  be  approved  by  a  popu 
lar  vote,  nt  an  election  to  be  held  for  that  purpose.  To  vote  at  such 


THE  DEED  SCOTT    DECISION.  585 

an  election  was  to  recognize  and  tolerate  the  usurpation,  as  well  as 
to  submit  to  disfranchising  laws,  and  to  hazard  a  renewal  of  the 
frauds  and  violence  by  which  the  usurpation  had  been  established. 
On  no  account  would  the  legislature  agree  that  the  projected  consti 
tution  should  be  submitted  to  the  people,  after  it  should  have  been 
perfected  by  the  convention.  The  refusal  of  this  just  measure,  so 
necessary  to  the  public  security  in  case  of  surprise  and  fraud,  was  a 
confession  of  the  purpose  on  the  part  of  the  usurpation  to  -carry  a 
constitution  into  effect  by  surprise  and  fraud.  The  governor  insisted 
on  this  provision,  and  demanded  of  the  president  of  the  United 
States  the  removal  of  a  partial  and  tyrannical  judge.  He  failed  to 
gain  either  measure,  and  incurred  the  displeasure  of  the  usurpation 
by  seeking  them.  He  fled  from  the  territory.  The  free  state  party 
stood  aloof  from  the  polls,  and  a  canvass  showed  that  some  twenty- 
three  hundred,  less  than  a  third  of  the  people  of  the  territory,  had 
sanctioned  the  call  of  a  convention,  while  the  presence  of  the  army 
alone  held  the  territory  under  a  forced  truce. 

At  this  juncture,  the  new  federal  administration  came  in,  under  a 
president  who  had  obtained  success  by  the  intervention  at  the  polls 
of  a  third  party — an  ephemeral  organization,  built  upon  a  foreign 
and  frivolous  issue,  which  had  just  strength  enough  and  life  enough 
to  give  to  a  pro-slavery  party  the  aid  required  to  produce  that  un 
toward  result.  The  new  president,  under  a  show  of  moderation, 
masked  a  more  effectual  intervention  than  that  of  his  predecessor, 
in  favor  of  slave  labor  and  a  slave  state.  Before  coming  into  office, 
he  approached,  or  was  approached,  by  the  supreme  court  of  the 
United  States.  On  their  docket  was,  through  some  chance  or  design, 
an  action  which  an  obscure  negro  man  in  Missouri  had  brought  for 
his  freedom  against  his  reputed  master.  The  court  had  arrived  at 
the  conclusion,  on  solemn  argument,  that  insomuch  as  this  unfortu 
nate  negro  had,  through  some  ignorance  or  chicane  in  special  plead 
ing,  "admitted  what  could  not  have  been  proved,  that  he  had 
descended  from  some  African  who  had  once  been  held  in  bondage, 
that  therefore  he  was  not,  in  view  of  the  constitution,  a  citizen  of 
the  United  States,  and  therefore  could  not  implead  the  reputed  mas 
ter  in  the  federal  courts;  and  on  this  ground  the  supreme  court  were 
prepared  to  dismiss  the  action,  for  want  of  jurisdiction  over  the 
suitor's  person.  This  decision,  certainly  as  repugnant  to  the  Decla 
ration  of  Independence  and  to  the  spirit  of  the  constitution,  as  to 

VOL.  IV  74 


586  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

the  instincts  of  humanity,  nevertheless  would  be  one  which  would 
exhaust  all  the  power  of  the  tribunal,  and  exclude  consideration  of 
all  other  questions  that  had  been  raised  upon  the  record.  The 
counsel  who  had  appeared  for  the  negro  had  volunteered  from 
motives  of  charity,  and,  ignorant  of  course  of  the  disposition  which 
was  to  be  made  of  the  cause,  had  argued  that  his  client  had  been 
freed  from  slavery  by  operation  of  the  Missouri  prohibition  of  1820. 
The  opposing  counsel,  paid  by  the  defending  slaveholder,  had 
insisted,  in  reply,  that  that  famous  statute  was  unconstitutional. 
The  mock  debate  had  been  heard  in  the  chamber  of  the  court  in  the 
basement  of  the  capitol,  in  the  presence  of  the  curious  visitors  at  the 
seat  of  government,  whom  the  dullness  of  a  judicial  investigation 
could  not  disgust.  The  court  did  not  hesitate  to  please  the  incoming 
president,  by  seizing  this  extraneous  and  idle  forensic  discussion,  and 
converting  it  into  an  occasion  for  pronouncing  an  opinion  that  the 
Missouri  prohibition  was  void,  and  that,  by  force  of  the  constitution, 
slavery  existed,  with  all  the  elements  of  property  in  man  over  man, 
in  all  the  territories  of  the  United  States,  paramount  to  any  popular 
sovereignty  within  the  territories,  and  even  to  the  authority  of  con 
gress  itself. 

In  this  ill-omened  act,  the  supreme  court  forgot  its  own  dignity, 
which  had  always  before  been  maintained  with  just  judicial  jealousy. 
They  forgot  that  the  province  of  a  court  is  simply  "jus  dicere"  and 
not  at  all  "jus  dare.'11  They  forgot,  also,  that  one  "foul  sentence 
does  more  harm  than  many  foul  examples;  for  the  last  do  but  cor 
rupt  the  stream,  while  the  former  corrupteth  the  fountain."  And 
they  and  the  president  alike  forgot  that  judicial  usurpation  is  more 
odious  arid  intolerable  than  any  other  among  the  manifold  practices 
of  tyranny. 

The  day  of  inauguration  came — the  first  one  among  all  the  cele 
brations  of  that  great  national  pageant  that  was  to  be  desecrated  by 
a  coalition  between  the  executive  and  judicial  departments,  to  under 
mine  the  national  legislature  and  the  liberties  of  the  people.  The 
president,  attended  by  the  usual  lengthened  procession,  arrived  and 
took  his  seat  on  the  portico.  The  supreme  court  attended  him  there, 
in  robes  which  yet  exacted  public  reverence.  The  people,  unaware 
of  the  import  of  the  whisperings  carried  on  between  the  president 
and  the  chief  justice,  and  imbued  with  veneration  for  both,  filled  the 
avenues  and  gardens  far  away  as  the  eye  could  reach.  The  presi- 


THE   PRESIDENT   AND   DRED   SCOTT.  587 

dent  addressed  them  in  words  as* bland  as  those  which  the  worst  of 
all  the  Roman  emperors  pronounced  when  he  assumed  the  purple. 
He  announced  (vaguely,  indeed,  but  with  self-satisfaction)  the  forth 
coming  extra-judicial  exposition  of  the  constitution,  and  pledged  his 
submission  to  it  as  authoritative  and  final.  The  chief  justice  and 
his  associates  remained  silent.  The  senate,  too,  were  there — consti 
tutional  witnesses  of  the  transfer  of  administration.  They  too  were 
silent,  although  the  promised  usurpation  was  to  subvert  the  autho 
rity  over  more  than  half  of  the  empire  which  congress  had  assumed 
cotemporaneously  with  the  birth  of  the  nation,  and  had  exercised 
without  interruption  for  near  seventy  years.  It  cost  the  president, 
under  the  circumstances,  little  exercise  of  magnanimity  now  to  pro 
mise  to  the  people  of  Kansas,  on  whose  neck  he  had,  with  the  aid 
of  the  supreme  court,  hung  the  millstone  of  slavery,  a  fair  trial  in 
their  attempt  to  cast  it  off,  and  hurl  it  to  the  earth,  when  they  should 
come  to  organize  a  state  government.  Alas!  that  even  this  cheap 
promise,  uttered  under  such  great  solemnities,  was  only  made  to  be 
broken ! 

The  pageant  ended.  On  the  5th  of  March,  the  judges,  without 
even  exchanging  their  silken  robes  for  courtiers'  gowns,  paid  their 
salutations  to  the  president,  in  the  executive  palace.  Doubtlessly 
the  president  received  them  as  graciously  as  Charles  the  First  did  the 
judges  who  had  at  his  instance  subverted  the  statutes  of  English 
liberty.  On  the  6th  of  March,  the  supreme  court  dismissed  the 
negro  suitor,  Dred  Scott,  to  return  to  his  bondage;  and  having  thus 
disposed  of  that  private  action  for  an  alleged  private  wrong,  on  the 
ground  of  want  of  jurisdiction  in  the  case,  they  proceeded  with 
amusing  solemnity  to  pronounce  the  opinion,  that  if  they  had  had 
such  jurisdiction,  still  the  unfortunate  negro  would  have  had  to 
remain  in  bondage,  unrelieved,  because  the  Missouri  prohibition 
violates  rights  of  general  property  involved  in  slavery,  paramount 
to  the  authority  of  congress.  A  few  days  later,  copies  of  this 
opinion  were  multiplied  by  the  senate's  press,  and  scattered  in  the 
name  of  the  senate  broadcast  over  the  land,  and  their  publication 
has  not  yet  been  disowned  by  the  senate.  Simultaneously,  Dred 
Scott,  w'io  had  played  the  hand  of  dummy  in  this  interesting  politi 
cal  game,  unwittingly,  yet  to  the  complete  satisfaction  of  his- 
adversary,  was  voluntarily  emancipated;  and  thus  received  from  his 


588  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

master,  as  a  reward,  the  freedom  wUich  the  court  had  denied  him  as 
-a  right. 

The  new  president  of  the  United  States  having  organized  this 
formidable  judicial  battery  at  the  capitol,  was  now  ready  to  begin 
his  active  demonstrations  of  intervention  in  the  territory.  Here 
occurred,  not  a  new  want,  but  an  old  one  revived — a  governor  for 
Kansas.  Robert  J.  Walker,  born  and  reared  in  Pennsylvania,  a  free 
state,  but  long  a  citizen  and  resident  of  Mississippi,  a  slave  state, 
eminent  for  talent  and  industry,  devoted  to  the  president  and  his 
party,  plausible  and  persevering,  untiring  and  efficient,  seemed  just 
the  man  to  conduct  the  fraudulent  inchoate  proceedings  of  the  pro 
jected  Lecompton  convention  to  a  conclusion,  by  dividing  the  friends 
of  free  labor  in  the  territory,  or  by  casting  upon  them  the  responsi 
bility  of  defeating  their  own  favorite  policy  by  impracticability  and 
contumacy.  He  wanted  for  this  purpose  only  an  army  and  full 
command  of  the  executive  exchequer  of  promises  of  favor  and  of 
threats  of  punishment.  Frederick  P.  Stanton,  of  Tennessee,  honor 
able  and  capable,  of  persuasive  address,  but  honest  ambition,  was 
appointed  his  secretary.  The  new  agents  soon  found  they  had 
assumed  a  task  that  would  tax  all  their  energies  and  require  all  their 
adroitness.  On  the  one  side,  the  slave-labor  party  were  determined 
to  circumvent  the  people,  and  secure,  through  the  Lecompton  con 
vention,  a  slave  state.  On  the  other,  the  people  were  watchful,  and 
determined  not  to  be  circumvented,  and  in  no  case  to  submit. 
Elections  for  delegates  to  that  body  were  at  hand.  The  legislature 
bad  required  a  census  and  registry  of  voters  to  be  made  by  autho 
rities  designated  by  itself,  and  this  duty  had  been  only  partially 
performed  in  fifteen  of  the  thirty-four  counties,  and  altogether  omit 
ted  in  the  other  nineteen.  The  party  of  slave  labor  insisted  on 
payment  of  taxes  as  a  condition  of  suffrage.  The  free-labor  party 
deemed  the  whole  proceeding  void,  by  reason  of  the  usurpation 
practised,  and  of  the  defective  arrangements  for  the  election.  They 
discovered  a  design  to  surprise  in  the  refusal  of  any  guaranty  that 
the  constitution,  when  framed,  should  be  submitted  to  the  people  for 
their  acceptance  or  rejection,  preparatory  to  an  application  under  it 
for  the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union.  The  governor,  draw 
ing  from  the  ample  treasury  of  the  executive  at  his  command,  made 
due  exhibitions  of  the  army,  and  threatened  the  people  with  an 
acceptance  of  the  Lecompton  constitution,  however  obnoxious  to 


THE    LECOMPTON   FKAUD.  589 

them,  if  they  should  refuse  to  vote.  With  these  menaces,  he  judi 
ciously  mingled  promises  of  fabulous  quantities  of  land  for  the 
endowment  of  roads  and  education.  He  dispensed  with  the  test 
oaths  and  taxes,  lamented  the  defects  of  census  and  registry,  and 
promised  the  rejection  of  the  constitution,  by  himself,  by  the  presi 
dent,  and  by  congress,  if  a  full,  fair,  and  complete  submission  of 
the  constitution  should  not  be  made  by  the  convention ;  and  he- 
obtained  and  published  pledges  of  such  submission  by  the  party 
conventions  which  nominated  the  candidates  for  delegates,  and  even 
by  an  imposing  number  of  those  candidates  themselves.  The  people 
stood  aloof,  and  refused  to  vote.  The  army  protected  the  polls. 
The  slave-labor  party  alone  voted,  and  voted  without  legal  restraint, 
and  so  achieved  an  easy  formal  success  by  casting  some  two  thousand 
ballots. 

Just  in  this  conjuncture,  however,  the  term  of  three  years'  service 
which  the  usurping  legislature  had  fixed  for  its  own  members  ex 
pired,  and  elections,  authorized  by  itself,  were  to  be  held,  for  the 
choice,  not  only  of  new  members,  but  of  a  delegate  to  congress. 
While  the  Lecompton  convention  was  assembling,  the  free-labor 
party  determined  to  attend  these  territorial  elections,  and  contest, 
through  them,  for  self-government  within  the  territory.  They  put 
candidates  in  nomination,  on  the  express  ground  of  repudiation  of 
the  whole  Lecompton  proceeding.  The  Lecompton  convention 
prudently  adjourned  to  a  day  beyond  the  elections.  The  parties 
contended  at  the  ballot-boxes,  and  the  result  was  a  complete  and 
conclusive  triumph  of  the  free-labor  party.  For  a  moment,  this 
victory,  so  important,  was  jeoparded  by  the  fraudulent  presentation 
of  spurious  and  fabricated  returns  of  elections  in  almost  uninhabited 
districts,  sufficient  to  transfer  the  triumph  to  the  slave-labor  party, 
and  the  free-state  party  was  proceeding  to  vindicate  it  by  force. 
The  governor  and  secretary  detected,  proved,  and  exposed,  this 
atrocious  fraud.  The  Lecompton  convention  denounced  them,  and 
complaints  against  them  poured  in  upon  the  president,  from  the  slave- 
holding  states.  They  were  doomed  from  that  time.  The  president 
was  silent.  The  Lecompton  convention  proceeded,  and  framed  a 
constitution  which  declares  slavery  perpetual  and  irreversible,  and 
postpones  any  alteration  of  its  own  provisions  until  after  1864,  by 
which  time  they  hoped  that  slavery  might  have  gained  too  deep  a 
hold  in  the  soil  of  Kansas  to  be  in  danger  of  being  uprooted.  All 


690  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

this  was  easy ;  but  now  came  the  question  whether  the  constitution 
should  be  submitted  to  the  people.  It  was  confessed  that  it  was 
obnoxious  to  them,  and,  if  submitted,  would  be  rejected  with  indig 
nation  and  contempt.  An  official  emissary  from  Washington  is 
supposed  to  have  suggested  the  solution  which  was  adopted.  This 
was  a  submission  in  form,  but  not  in  fact.  The  president  of  the  con 
vention,  without  any  laws  to  preserve  the  parity  of  the  franchise  by 
penalties  for  its  violation,  was  authorized  to  designate  his  own 
agents,  altogether  irrespectively  of  the  territorial  authorities,  and 
with  their  aid  to  hold  an  election,  in  which  there  should  be  no  vote 
allowed  or  received,  if  against  the  constitution  itself.  Each  voter 
was  permitted  to  cast  a  ballot  "  for  the  constitution  with  slavery," 
or  "  for  the  constitution  with  no  slavery  ;"  and  it  was  further  pro 
vided,  that  the  constitution  should  stand  entire,  if  a  majority  of 
votes  should  be  cast  for  the  constitution  with  slavery,  while  on  the 
other  hand,  if  the  majority  of  votes  cast  should  be  "  for  the  consti 
tution  with  no  slavery,"  then  the  existing  slavery  should  not  be 
disturbed,  but  should  remain,  with  its  continuance,  by  the  succession 
of  its  unhappy  victims  by  descent  forever.  But  even  this  miserable 
shadow  of  a  choice  between  forms  of  a  slave  state  constitution  was 
made  to  depend  on  the  taking  of  a  test  oath  to  support  and  main 
tain  it  in  the  form  which  should  be  preferred  by  the  majority  of 
those  who  should  vote  on  complying  with  that  humiliation.  The 
governor  saw  that  by  conniving  at  this  pitiful  and  wicked  juggle  he 
should  both  shipwreck  his  fame  and  become  responsible  for  civil 
war.  He  remonstrated,  and  appealed  to  his  chief,  the  president  of 
the  United  States,  to  condemn  it.  Denunciation  followed  him  from 
the  Lecornpton  party  within  the  territory,  and  denunciations  no  less 
violent  from  the  slave  states  were  his  greeting  at  the  national  capital. 
The  president  disappointed  his  most  effective  friend  and  wisest 
counselor.1  This  present  congress  had  now  assembled.  The  presi 
dent,  as  if  fearful  of  delay,  forestalled  our  attention  with  recom 
mendations  to  overlook  the  manifest  objections  to  the  transaction, 
and  to  regard  the  anticipated  result  of  this  mock  election,  then  not 
yet  held,  as  equivalent  to  an  acceptance  of  the  constitution  by  the 
people  of  Kansas,  alleging  that  the  refusal  of  the  people  to  vote 
either  the  ballot  for  the  "  constitution  with  slavery,"  or  the  false  and 
deceitful  ballot  for  the  "constitution  with  no  slavery,*"  would  justly 

1  See  Robert  J.  Walker's  testimony,  ante,  page  51. 


THE    LECOMPTON    FRAUD.  591 

be  regarded  as  drawing  after  it  the  consequences  of  actual  acceptance 
and  adoption  of  the  constitution  itself.  His  argument  was  apolo 
getic,  as  it  lamented  that  the  constitution  had  not  been  fairly  sub 
mitted  ;  and  Jesuitical,  as  it  urged  that  the  people  might,  when  once 
admitted  as  a  state,  change  the  constitution  at  their  pleasure,  in 
defiance  of  the- provision  which  postpones  any  change  seven  years. 

Copies  of  the  message  containing  these  arguments  were  transmit 
ted  to  the  territory,  to  confound  and  dishearten  the  free-state  party, 
and  obtain  a  surrender,  at  the  election  to  be  held  on  the  21st  of 
December,  on  the  questions  submitted  by  the  convention.  The  people, 
however,  were  neither  misled  nor  intimidated.  Alarmed  by  this  act 
of  connivance  by  the  president  of  the  United  States  with  their 
oppressors,  they  began  to  prepare  for  the  last  abitrament  of  nations. 
The  secretary,  Mr.  Stanton,  now  governor  ad  interim,  issued  his  pro 
clamation,  calling  the  new  territorial  legislature  to  assemble  to 
provide  for  preserving  the  public  peace.  An  executive  spy  dispatched 
information  of  this  proceeding  to  the  president  by  telegraph,  and 
instantly  Mr.  Stanton  ceased  to  be  secretary  and  governpr  ad  interim, 
being  removed  by  the  president,  by  and  with  the  advice  and  consent 
of  the  senate  of  the  United  States.  Thus  the  service  of  Frederick 
P.  Stanton  came  to  an  abrupt  end,  but  in  a  manner  most  honorable 
to  himself.  His  chief;  Mr.  Walker,  was  less  wise  and  less  fortunate. 
He  resigned.  Psetus  Thrasea  (we  are  informed  by  Tacitus)  had  been 
often  present  in  the  senate,  when  the  fathers  descended  to  unworthy 
acts,  and  did  not  rise  in  opposition ;  but  on  this  occasion  when  Nero 
procured  from  them  a  decree  to  celebrate,  as  a  festival,  the  day  on 
which  he  bad  murdered  his  mother,  Agrippina,  Pa3tus  left  his  seat, 
and  walked  out  of  the  chamber — thus  by  his  virtue  provoking- 
future  vengeance,  and  yet  doing  no  service  to  the  cause  of  liberty. 
Possibly  Eobert  J.  Walker  may  find  a  less  stern  historian. 

The  new  secretary,  Mr.  Denver,  became  governor  of  Kansas,  the 
fifth  incumbent  of  that  office  appointed  within  less  than  four  years, 
the  legal  term  of  one.  Happily,  however,  for  the  honor  of  the 
country,  three  of  the  recalls  were  made  on  the  ground  of  the  virtues 
of  the  parties  disgraced.  The  pro-consuls  of  the  Koman  provinces 
were  brought  back  to  the  capital  to  answer  for  their  crimes. 

The  proceeding  which  the  late  secretary  Stanton  had  so  wisely 
instituted,  nevertheless,  went  on ;  and  it  has  become,  as  I  trust,  the 
principal  means  of  rescuing  from  tyranny  the  people  whom  he  gov- 


592  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

erned  so  briefly  and  yet  so  well.  The  Lecampton  constitution  had 
directed,  that  on  the  4th  of  January  elections  should  be  held  to  fill 
the  state  offices  and  the  offices  of  members  of  the  legislature  and 
member  of  congress-,  to  assume  their  trusts  when  the  new  state 
should  be  admitted  into  the  Union.  The  legislature  of  the  territory 
now  enacted  salutary  laws  for  preserving  the  purity  of  elections  in 
all  cases.  It  directed  the  Lecompton  constitution  to  be  submitted  to 
a  fair  vote  on  that  day,  the  ballots  being  made  to  express  a  consent 
to  the  constitution,  or  a  rejection  of  it,  with  or  without  slavery. 
The  free-labor  party  debated  anxiously  on  the  question,  whether, 
besides  voting  against  that  constitution,  they  should,  under  protest, 
vote  also  for  officers  to  assume  the  trusts  created  by  it,  if  congress 
should  admit  the  state  under  it.  After  a  majority  had  decided  that 
no  such  votes  should  be  cast,  a  minority  hastily  rejected  the  decision, 
and  nominated  candidates  for  those  places,  to  be  supported  under 
protest.  The  success  of  the  movement,  made  under  the  most  serious 
disadvantages,  is  conclusive  evidence  of  their  strength.  While  the 
election  held  on  the  21st  of  December,  allowing  all  fraudulent  votes, 
showed  some  six  thousand  majority  for  the  constitution  with  slavery, 
over  some  five  hundred  votes  for  the  constitution  without  slavery, 
the  election  on  the  4th  of  January  showed  an  aggregate  majority  of 
eleven  thousand  against  the  constitution  itself  in  any  form,  with  the 
choice,  under  protest,  of  a  representative  in  congress,  and. of  a  large 
majority  of  all  the  candidates  nominated  by  the  free-labor  party  for 
the  various  executive  and  legislative  trusts  under  the  Lecompton 
constitution. 

The  territorial  legislature  has  abolished  slavery  by  a  law  to  take 
effect  in  March,  1858,  though  the  Lecompton  constitution  contains 
provisions  anticipating,  and  designed  to  defeat,  this  great  act  of 
justice  and  humanity.  It  has  organized  a  militia,  which  stands 
ready  for  the  defense  of  the  rights  of  the  people  against  any  power. 
The  president  of  the  Lecompton  constitution  has  fled  the  territory, 
charged  with  an  attempt  to  procure  fraudulent  returns  to  reverse 
the  already  declared  results  of  the  last  election,  and  he  holds  the 
public  in  suspense  as  to  his  success  until  after  his  arrival  at  the 
capital,  and  the  decision  of  congress  on  the  acceptance  of  the  Le 
compton  constitution.  In  the  meantime,  the  territorial  legislature 
has  called  a  convention,  subject  to  the  popular  approval,  to  be  held 
in  March  next,  and  to  form  a  constitution  to  be  submitted  to  the 


THE   LECOMPTON   FRAUD  593 

people,  and,  when  adopted,  to  be  the  organic  law  of  the  new  state 
of  Kansas,  subject  to  her  admission  into  the  Union.  The  president 
of  the  United  States,  having  received  the  Lecornpton  constitution 
has  submitted  it  to  congress,  and  insisting  that  the  vote  taken  on. 
the  juggle  of  the  Lecornpton  convention,  held  on  the  21st  of  Decem 
ber,  is  legally  conclusive  of  its  acceptance  by  the  people,  and  abso 
lute  against  the  fair,  direct,  and  unimpeachable  Dejection  of  it  by 
that  people,  made  On  the  4th  of  January  last,  he  recommends  and 
urges  and  implores  the  admission  of  Kansas  as  a  state  into  the  Fed 
eral  Union,  under  that  false,  pretended,  and  spurious  constitution. 
I  refrain  from  any  examination  of  this  extraordinary  message.  My 
recital  is  less  complete  than  I  have  hoped,  if  it  does  not  overthrow 
all  the  president's  arguments  in  favor  of  the  acceptance  of  the 
Lecompton  constitution  as  an  act  of  the  people  of  Kansas,  however 
specious,  and  without  descending  to  any  details.  In  congress,  those 
who  seek  the  admission  of  Kansas  under  that  constitution,  strive  to 
delay  the  admission  of  Minnesota,  until  their  opponents  shall  com 
promise  on  that  paramount  question. 

This  is  a  concise  account  of  the  national  intervention  in  the  terri 
tories  in  favor  of  slave  labor  and  slave  states,  since  1820.  No  wonder 
that  the  question  before  us  excites  apprehensions  and  alarms.  There 
is  at  last  a  north  side  of  this  chamber,  a  north  side  of  the  chamber 
of  representatives,  a  north  side  of  the  Union,  as  well  as  south  sides 
of  all  these.  Each  of  them  is  watchful,  jealous,  and  resolute.  If  it 
l>e  true,  as  has  so  often  been  asserted,  that  this  Union  cannot  survive 
the  decision  by  congress  of  a  direct  question  involving  the  adoption 
of  a  free  state  which  will  establish  the  ascendency  of  free  states 
under  the  constitution,  and  draw  after  it  the  restoration  of  the  influ 
ence  of  freedom  in  the  domestic  and  foreign  conduct  of  the  govern 
ment,  then  the  day  of  dissolution  is  at  hand. 

I  have  thus  arrived  at  the  third  circumstance  attending  the  Kansas 
question  which  I  have  thought  worthy  of  consideration,  namely, 
that  the  national  intervention  in  the  territories  in  favor  of  slave 
labor  and  slave  states  is  opposed  to  the  material,  moral,  and  social 
developments  of  the  republic.  The  proposition  seems  to  involve  a 
paradox,  but  it  is  easy  to  understand  that  the  checks  which  the 
constitution  applies,  through  wise  precaution,  to  the  relative  increase 
of  the  representation  of  the  free  states  in  the  house  of  representa 
tives,  and  especially  in  the  senate,  cooperating  with  the  differences 

VOL.  IV  75 


594  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

of  temper  and  political  activity  between  the  two  classes  of  states, 
may  direct  the  government  of  the  Federal  Union  in  one  course, 
•while  the  tendencies  of  the  nation  itself,  popularly  regarded,  are  in  a 
direction  exactly  opposite. 

The  ease  and  success  which  attended  the  earlier  policy  of  inter 
vention  in  favor  of  free  labor  and  free  states,  and  the  resistance  which 
the  converse  policy  of  intervention  in  favor  of  slave  labor  and  slave 
states  encounters,  sufficiently  establish  the  existence  of  the  antago 
nism  between  the  government  and  the  nation  which  I  have  asserted. 
A  vessel  moves  quietly  and  peacefully  while  it  descends  with  the 
current.  You  mark  its  wav  by  the  foam  on  its  track  only  when  it 
is  forced  against  the  tide.  I  will  not  dwell  on  other  proofs-^-such  as 
the  more  rapid  growth  of  the  free  states,  the  ruptures  of  ecclesias 
tical  Federal  Unions,  and  the  demoralization  and  disorganization  of 
political  parties. 

I  have  shown  why  it  is  that  the  Kansas  question  is  attended  by 
difficulties  and  dangers  only  by  way  of  preparation  for  submitting 
my  opinions  in  regard  to  the  manner  in  which  that  question  ought 
to  be  determined  and  settled.  I  think,  with  great  deference  to  the 
judgments  of  others,  that  the  expedient,  peaceful  and  right  way  to 
determine  it,  is  to  reverse  the  existing  policy  of  intervention  in  favor 
of  slave  labor  and  slave  states.  It  would  be  wise  to  restore  the  Mis 
souri  prohibition  of  slavery  in  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  There  was 
peace  in  the  territories  and  in  the  states  until  that  great  statute  of 
freedom  was  subverted.  It  is  true  that  there  were  frequent  debates 
here  on  the  subject  of  slavery,  and  that  there  were  profound  sympa 
thies  among  the  people,  awakened  by  or  responding  to  those  debates. 
But  what  was  congress  instituted  for  but  debate  ?  What  makes  the 
American  people  to  differ  from  all  other  nations,  but  this — that  while 
among  them  power  enforces  silence,  here  all  public  questions  are 
referred  to  debate,  free  debate  in  congress.  Do  you  tell  me  that  the 
supreme  court  of  the  United  States  has  removed  the  foundations  of 
that  great  statute?  I  reply  that  they  have  done  no  such  thing; 
they  could  not  do  it.  They  have  remanded  the  negro  man,  Dred 
Scott,  to  the  custody  of  his  master.  With  that  decree  we  have 
nothing  here,  at  least  nothing  now,  to  do.  This  is  the  extent  of  the 
judgment  rendered,  the  extent  of  any  judgment  they  could  render. 
Already  the  pretended  further  decision  is  subverted  in  Kansas.  So 
it  will  be  in  every  free  state  and  in  every  free  territory  of  the  United 


FREEDOM   IN    KANSAS.  595 

States.  The  supreme  court,  also,  can  reverse  its  spurious  judgment 
more  easily  than  we  could  reconcile  the  people  to  its  usurpation. 
The  supreme  court  attempts  to  command  the  people  of  the  United 
States  to  accept  the  principles  that  one  man  can  own  other  men,  and 
that  they  must  guaranty  the  inviolability  of  that  false  and  pernicious 
property.  The  people  of  the  United  States  never  can,  and  they  never 
will,  accept  principles  so  unconstitutional  and  so  abhorrent.  Never, 
never.  Let  the  court  recede.  Whether  it  recede  or  not,  we  shall 
reorganize  the  court,  and  thus  reform  its  political  sentiments  and 
practices,  and  bring  them  into  harmony  with  the  constitution  and 
with  the  laws  of  nature.  In  doing  so,  we  shall  not  only  reassume  our 
own  just  authority,  but  we  shall  restore  that  high  tribunal  itself  to 
the  position  it  ought  to  maintain,  since  so  many  invaluable  rights  of 
citizens,  and  even  of  states  themselves,  depend  upon  its  impartiality 
and  its  wisdom. 

Do  you  tell  me  that  the  slave  states  will  not  acquiesce,  but  will 
agitate?  Think  first  whether  the  free  states  will  acquiesce  in  a 
decision  that  shall  not  only  be  unjust,  but  fraudulent.  True,  they 
will  not  menace  the  republic.  They  have  an  easy  and  simple  remedy, 
namely,  to  take  the  government  out  of  unjust  and  unfaithful  hands, 
and  commit  it  to  those  which  will  be  just  and  faithful.  They  are 
ready  to  do  this  now.  They  want  only  a  little  more  harmony  of 
purpose,  and  a  little  more  completeness  of  organization.  These 
will  result  from  only  the  least  addition  to  the  pressure  of  slavery 
upon  them.  You  are  lending  all  that  is  necessary,  and  even  more, 
in  this  Tery  act.  But  will  the  slave  states  agitate  ?  Why  ?  Because 
they  have  lost  at  last  a  battle  that  they  could  not  win,  unwisely  pro 
voked,  fought  with  all  the  advantages  of  strategy  and  intervention, 
and  on  a  field  chosen  by  themselves.  What  would  they  gain?  Can 
they  compel  Kansas  to  adopt  slavery  against  her  will  ?  Would  it 
be  reasonable  or  just  to  do  it,  if  they  could?  Was  negro  servitude 
ever  forced  by  the  sword  on  any  people  that  inherited  the  blood 
which  circulates  in  our  veins,  and  the  sentiments  which  make  us  a 
free  people  ?  If  they  will  agitate  on  such  a  ground  as  this,  then 
how,  or  when,  by  what  concessions  we  can  make,  will  they  ever  be 
satisfied  ?  To  what  end  would  they  agitate  ?  It  can  now  be  only  to 
divide  the  Union.  Will  they  not  need  some  fairer  or  more  plausible 
excuse  for  a  proposition  so  desperate?  How  would  they  improve 
their  condition,  by  drawing  down  a  certain  ruin  upon  themselves? 


596  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

Would  they  gain  any  new  security  for  slavery  ?  Would  they  not 
hazard  securities  that  are  invaluable?  They  who  talk  so  idly,  talk 
what  they  do  not  know  themselves.  No  man  when  cool  can  pro 
mise  what  he  shall  do  when  he  shall  be  inflamed ;  no  man  inflamed 
can  speak  for  his  actions  when  time  and  necessity  shall  bring  reflec 
tion.  Much  less  can  any  one  speak  for  states  in  such  emergencies. 

But  I  shall  not  insist,  now,  on  so  radical  a  measure  as  the  restora 
tion  of  the  Missouri  prohibition.  I  know  how  difficult  it  is  for  power 
to  relinquish  even  a  pernicious  and  suicidal  policy  all  at  once.  We 
may  attain  the  same  result,  in  this  particular  case  of  Kansas,  with 
out  going  back  so  far.  Go  back  only  to  the  ground  assumed  in 
1854,  the  ground  of  popular  sovereignty.  Happily  for  the  authors 
of  that  measure,  the  zealous  and  energetic  resistance  of  abuses 
practised  under  it  has  so  far  been  effective  that  popular  sovereignty 
in  Kansas  may  now  be  made  a  fact,  and  liberty  there  may  be  rescued 
from  danger  through  its  free  exercise.  Popular  sovereignty  is  an 
epic  of  two  parts.  Part  the  first  presents  freedom  in  Kansas  lost. 
Part  the  second,  if  you  will  so  consent  to  write  it,  shall  be  freedom 
in  Kansas  regained.  It  is  on  this  ground  that  I  hail  the  eminent 
senator  from  Illinois  [Mr.  DOUGLAS]  and  his  associates,  the  distin 
guished  senator  from  Michigan  [Mr.  STUART],  and  the  youthful,  but 
most  brave  senator  from  California  [Mr.  BRODERICK].  The  late  Mr. 
Clay  told  us  that  Providence  has  many  ways  for  saving  nations. 
God  forbid  that  I  should  consent  to  see  freedom  wounded,  because 
my  own  lead  or  even  my  own  agency  in  saving  it  should  be  rejected. 
I  will  cheerfully  cooperate  with  these  new  defenders  of  this  sacred 
cause  in  Kansas,  and  I  will  award  them  all  due  praise,  when  we 
shall  have  been  successful,  for  their  large  share  of  merit  in  its  de 
liverance. 

Will  you  tell  me  that  it  is  difficult  to  induce  the  senate  and  the 
house  of  representatives  to  take  that  short  backward  step  ?  On  the 
contrary,  the  hardest  task  that  an  executive  dictator  ever  set,  or  par 
liamentary  manager  ever  undertook,  is  to  prevent  this  very  step 
from  being  taken.  Let  the  president  take  off  his  hand,  and  the  bow, 
bent  so  long,  and  held  to  its  tension  by  so  hard  a  pressure,  will 
relax,  and  straighten  itself  at  once. 

Consider  now,  if  you  please,  the  consequences  of  your  refusal.  If 
you  attempt  to  coerce  Kansas  into  the  Union,  under  the  Lecompton 
constitution,  the  people  of  that  territory  will  resort  to  civil  war. 


FREEDOM   IN    KANSAS.  597 

You  are  pledged  to  put  down  that  resolution  by  the  sword.  Will 
.the  people  listen  to  your  voice  amid  the  thunders  of  your  cannon  ? 
Let  but  one  drop  of  the  blood  of  a  free  citizen  be  shed  there,  by  the 
federal  army,  and  the  countenance  of  every  representative  of  a  free 
state,  in  either  house  of  congress,  will  blanch,  and  his  tongue  will 
refuse  to  utter  the  vote  necessary  to  sustain  the  army  in  the  butchery 
•of  his  fellow  citizens. 

Practically,  you  have  already  one  intestine  and  territorial  war — 
a  war  against  Brigham  Young,  in  Utah.  Can  you  carry  on  two, 
and  confine  the  strife  within  the  territories  ?  Can  you  win  both  ? 
A  wise  nation  will  never  provoke  more  than  one  enemy  at  one  time. 
I  know  that  you  argue  that  the  free  state  men  of  Kansas  are  imprac 
ticable,  factious,  seditious.  Answer  me  three  questions :  Are  they 
not  a  majority,  and  so  proclaimed  by  the  people  of  Kansas?  Is  not 
this  quarrel,  for  the  right  of  governing  themselves,  conceded  by  the 
federal  constitution?  Is  the  tyranny  of  forcing  a  hateful  govern 
ment  upon  them,  less  intolerable  than  three  cents  impost  on  a  pound 
of  tea,  or  five  cents  stamp  duty  on  a  promissory  note?  You  say 
that  they  can  change  this  Lecornpton  constitutio  j,  when  it  shall  once 
Lave  been  forced  upon  them.  Let  it  be  abandoned  now.  What 
guaranty  can  you  give  against  your  own  intervention  to  pi-event  that 
future  change  ?  What  security  can  you  give  for  your  own  adherence 
to  the  construction  of  the  constitution  which  you  adopt,  from  expe 
diency,  to-day?  What  better  is  a  constitution  than  a  by-law  of  a 
•corporation,  if  it  may  be  forced  on  a  state  to-day,  and  rejected  to 
morrow,  in  derogation  of  its  own  express  inhibition  ? 

I  perceive  that,  in  the  way  of  argument,  I  have  passed  already 
from  the  ground  of  expediency,  on  which  I  was  standing,  to  that  of 
light  and  justice.  Among  all  our  refinements  of  constitutional 
learning,  one  principle,  one  fundamental  principle,  has  been  faith 
fully  preserved,  namely  :  That  the  new  states  must  come  voluntarily 
into  the  Union  ;  they  must  not  be  forced  into  it.  "Unite  or  die," 
was  the  motto  addressed  to  the  states  in  the  time  of  the  revolution. 
Though  Kansas  should  perish,  she  cannot  be  brought  into  the  Union 
by  force. 

So  long  as  the  states  shall  come  in  by  free  consent,  their  admission 
will  be  an  act  of  union,  and  this  will  be  a  confederacv.  Whenever 
they  shall  be  brought  in  by  fraud  or  force,  their  admission  will  be 
.an  act  of  consolidation,  and  the  nation,  ceasing  to  be  a  confederacy, 


598  SPEECHES   IN  THE   UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

will  become  in  reality  an  empire.  All  our  elementary  instruction  is 
wrong,  or  else  this  change  of  the  constitution  will  subvert  the  liber 
ties  of  the  American  people. 

You  argue  the  consent  of  Kansas  from  documentary  proofs,  from 
her  forced  and  partial  acquiescence,  under  your  tyrannical  rule,  from 
elections  fraudulently  conducted,  from  her  own  contumac}r,  and  from 
your  own  records,  made  up  here  against  her.  I  answer  the  whole 
argument  at  once:  Kansas  protests  here,  and  stands  by  your  confes 
sion,  in  an  attitude  of  rebellion  at  home,  to  resist  the  annexation 
which  you  contend  she  is  soliciting  at  your  hands. 

If  your  proofs  were  a  thousand  times  stronger,  I  would  not  hold 
the  people  of  Kansas  bound  by  them.  They  all  are  contradicted  by 
stern  facts.  A  people  can  be  bound  by  no  action  conducted  in  their 
name,  and  pretending  to  their  sanction,  unless  they  enjoy  perfect 
freedom  and  safety  in  giving  that  consent.  You  have  held  the  peo 
ple  of  Kansas  in  duress  from  the  first  hour  of  their  attempted 
organization  as  a  community.  To  crown  this  duress  by  an  act,  at 
once  forcing  slavery  on  them,  which  they  hate,  and  them  into  a  union 
with  you,  on  terms  which  they  abhor,  would  be  but  to  illustrate  anewr 
and  on  a  grand  scale,  the  maxim,  "  Prosperwn  et  felix  scehis  virtus- 
vocatiir"1  It  is  an  occasion  for  joy  and  triumph,  when  a  community 
that  has  gathered  itself  together  under  circumstances  of  privation 
and  exile,  and  proceeded  through  a  season  of  territorial  or  provin 
cial  dependence  on  distant-central  authority,  becomes  a  state,  in  the 
full  enjoyment  of  civil  and  religious  liberty,  and  rises  into  the  dignity 
of  a  member  of  this  imperial  Union.  But,  in  the  case  of  Kansas, 
her  whole  existence  has  been,  and  it  yet  is,  a  trial,  a  tempest,  a 
chaos — and  now  you  propose  to  make' her  nuptials  a  celebration  of 
the  funeral  of  her  freedom.  The  people  of  Kansas  are  entitled  to 
save  that  freedom,  for  they  have  won  it  back  when  it  had  been 
wrested  from  them  by  invasion  and  usurpation.  You  are  great  and 
strong.  On  this  continent  there  is  no  power  can  resist  you.  On 
any  other,  there  is  hardly  a  power  that  would  not  reluctantly  engage 
with  you — but  you  can  never,  never  conquer  Kansas.  Your  power, 
like  a  throne  which  is  built  of  pine  boards,  and  covered  with  pur 
ple,  is  weakness,  except  it  be  defended  by  a  people  confiding  in  you. 
because  satisfied  that  you  are  just,  and  grateful  for  the  freedom  that,, 
under  you,  they  enjoy. 

1  Wickedness,  when  successful  and  prosperous,  is  called  virtue. 


FREEDOM    IN    KANSAS. 

In  view  once  more  of  this  subject  of  slavery,  I  submit  that  our 
own  dignity  requires  that  we  shall  give  over  this  champerty  with 
slaveholders,  which  we  practice  in  prescribing  acquiescence  in  their 
rule  as  a  condition  of  toleration  of  self-government  in  the  territories. 
We  are  defeated  in  it.  We  may  wisely  give  it  up,  and  admit  Kan 
sas  as  a  free  state,  since  she  will  consent  to  be  admitted  only  in  that 
character. 

If  I  could  at  all  suppose  it  desirable  or  expedient  to  enlarge  the 
field  of  slave  labor  and  of  slaveholding  sway  in  this  republic,  I 
should,  nevertheless,  maintain  that  it  is  wise  to  relinquish  the  effort 
to  sustain  slavery  in  Kansas.  The  question,  in  regard  to  that  terri 
tory,  has  risen  from  a  private  one  about  slavery  as  a  domestic  insti 
tution,  to  one  of  slavery  as  a  national  policy.  At  every  step  you 
have  been  failing.  Will  you  go  on  still  further,  ever  confident,  and 
yet  ever  unsuccessful  ? 

I  believe  to  some  extent  in  the  isothermal  theory.  I  think  there 
are  regions,  beginning  at  the  north  pole,  and  Ftretchiug  southward, 
where  slavery  will  die  out  soon,  if  it  be  planted ;  and  I  know,  too 
well,  that  in  the  tropics,  and  to  some  extent  northward  of  them, 
slavery  lives  long  and  is  hard  to  extirpate.  But  I  cannot  find  a  cer 
tain  boundary.  I  am  sure,  however,  that  36°  30  is  too  far  north. 
I  think  it  is  a  movable  boundary,  and  that  every  year  it  advances 
towards  a  more  southern  parallel. 

But  is  there  just  now  a  real  want  of  a  new  state  for  the  employ 
ment  of  slave  labor  ?  I  see  and  feel  the  need  of  room  for  a  new 
state  to  be  assigned  to  free  labor,  of  room  for  such  a  new  state  almost 
every  year.  I  think  I  see  how  it  arises.  Free  white  men  abound  in 
this  country  and  in  Europe,  and  even  in  Asia.  Economically  speak 
ing,  their  labor  is  cheap — there  is  a  surplus  of  it.  Under  improved 
conditions  of  society,  life  grows  longer  and  men  multiply  faster. 
Wars,  which  sometimes  waste  them,  grow  less  frequent  and  less 
destructive.  Invention  is  continually  producing  machines  and 
engines,  artificial  laborers,  crowding  them  from  one  field  of  industry 
to  another — ever  more  from  the  eastern  regions  of  this  continent  to 
the  west,  ever  more  from  the  overcrowded  eastern  continent  to  the 
prairies  and  the  wildernesses  in  our  own.  But  I  do  not  see  any  such 
overflowing  of  the  African  slave  population  in  this  country,  even 
where  it  is  unresisted.  Free  labor  has  been  obstructed  in  Kansas. 
There  are,  nevertheless,  fifty  thousand  or  sixty  thousand  freemen 


600  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

gathered  there  already — gathered  there  within  four  years.  Slave- 
labor  has  been  free  to  importation.  There  are  only  one  hundred  to 
two  hundred  slaves  there.  To  settle  and  occupy  a  new  slave  state 
anywhere  is,  pari  gassu^  to  depopulate  old  slave  states.  Whence, 
then,  are  the  supply  of  slaves  to  come,  and  how?  Only  by  reviving 
the  African  slave  trade.  But  this  is  forbidden.  Visionaries  dream 
that  the  prohibition  can  be  repealed.  The  idea  is  insane.  A  repub 
lic  of  thirty  millions  of  freemen,  with  a  free  white  laboring  popula 
tion  so  dense  as  already  to  crowd  on  subsistence,  to  be  brought  to 
import  negroes  from  Africa  to  supplant  them  as  cultivators,  and  so 
to  subject  themselves  to  starvation.  Though  Africa  is  yet  unorgan 
ized  and  unable  to  protect  itself,  still  it  has  already  exchanged,  in  a 
large  degree,  its  wars  to  make  slaves,  and  its  commerce  in  slaves,  for 
legitimate  agriculture  and  slaves.  All  European  states  are  interested 
in  the  civilization  of  that  continent,  and  they  will  not  consent  that 
we  shall  arrest  it.  The  Christian  church  cannot  be  forced  back  two 
centuries,  and  be  made  to  sanction  the  African  slave  trade  as  a  mis 
sionary  enterprise. 

Every  nation  has  always  some  ruling  idea,  which,  however,  changes 
with  the  several  stages  of  its  development.  A  ruling  idea  of  the 
colonies  on  this  continent,  two  hundred  years  ago,  was  labor  to  sub 
due  and  reclaim  nature.  Then  African  slavery  was  seized  and 
employed  as  an  auxiliary,  under  a  seeming  necessity.  That  idea  has 
ceased  forever.  It  has  given  place  to  a  new  one.  Aggrandizement 
of  the  nation,  not  indeed  as  it  once  was,  to  make  a  small  state  great, 
but  to  make  a  state  already  great  the  greatest  of  all  states.  It  still 
demands  labor,  but  it  is  no  longer  the  ignorant  labor  of  barbarians, 
but  labor  perfected  by  knowledge  and  skill,  and  combination  with 
all  the  scientific  principles  of  mechanism.  It  demands,  not  the  labor 
of  slaves,  which  needs  to  be  watched  and  defended,  but  voluntary, 
enlightened  labor,  stimulated  by  interest,  affection  and  ambition.  It 
needs  that  every  man  shall  own  the  land  he  tills ;  that  every  head 
shall  be  fit  for  the  helmet,  and  every  hand  fit  for  the  sword,  and 
every  mind  ready  and  qualified  for  counsel.  To  attempt  to  aggran 
dize  a  country  with  slaves  for  its  inhabitants,  would  be  to  try  to 
make  a  large  body  of  empire  with  feeble  sinews  and  empty  veins. 

The  expansion  of  territory  to  make  slave  states,  will  only  fail  to 
be  a  great  crime  because  it  is  impracticable,  and  therefore  will  turn 
out  to  be  a  stupendous  imbecility.  A  free  republican  government 


FREEDOM   IN   KANSAS.  601 

like  this,  notwithstanding  all  its  constitutional  checks,  cannot  long 
resist  and  counteract  the  progress  of  society.  Slavery,  wherever  and 
whenever,  and  in  whatsoever  form  it  exists,  is  exceptional,  local  and 
short-lived.  Freedom  is  the  common  right,  interest  and  ultimate 
destiny  of  all  mankind.  All  other  nations  have  already  abolished, 
or  are  about  abolishing,  slavery.  Does  this  fact  mean  nothing?  All 
parties  in  this  country  that  have  tolerated  the  extension  of  slavery, 
except  one,  has  perished  for  that  error  already.  Thnt  last  one,  the 
democratic  party,  is  hurrying  on,  irretrievably,  toward  the  same  fate. 
All  administrations  that  have  avowed  this  policy,  have  gone  down 
dishonored  for  that  cause,  except  the  present  one.  A  pit  deeper  and 
darker  still  is  opening  to  receive  this  administration,  because  it  sins 
more  deeply  than  its  predecessors.  There  is  a  meaning  in  all  these 
facts,  which  it  becomes  us  to  study  well.  The  nation  has  advanced 
another  stage ;  it  has  reached  the  point  where  intervention  by  the 
government,  for  slavery  and  slave  states,  will  no  longer  be  tolerated. 
Free  labor  has  at  last  apprehended  its  rights,  its  interests,  its  power, 
and  its  destiny,  and  is  organizing  itself  to  assume  the  government  of 
the  republic.  It  will  henceforth  meet  you  boldly  and  resolutely 
here;  it  will  meet  you  everywhere,  in  the  territories  or  out  of  them, 
wherever  you  may  go  to  extend  slavery.  It  has  driven  you  back  in 
California  and  in  Kansas;  it  will  invade  you  soon  in  Delaware, 
Marj'land,  Virginia,  Missouri  and  Texas.  It  will  meet  you  in  Ari 
zona,  in  Central  America,  and  even  in  Cuba.  The  invasion  will  be 
not  merely  harmless,  but  beneficent,  if  you  yield  seasonably  to  its 
just  and  moderated  demands.  It  proved  so  in  New  York,  New 
Jersey,  Pennsylvania  and  the  other  slave  states  which  have  already 
yielded  in  that  way  to  its  advances.  You  may,  indeed,  get  a  start 
under  or  near  the  tropics,  and  seem  safe  for  a  time,  but  it  will  be  only 
a  short  time.  Even  there  you  will  found  states  only  for  free  labor 
to  maintain  and  occupy.  The  interests  of  the  white  races  demands 
the  ultimate  emancipation  of  all  men.  Whether  that  consummation 
shall  be  allowed  to  take  effect,  with  needful  and  wise  precautions 
against  sudden  change  and  disaster,  or  be  hurried  on  by  violence,  is 
all  that  remains  for  you  to  decide.  For  the  failure  of  your  system 
of  slave  labor  throughout  the  republic,  the  responsibility  will  rest, 
not  on  the  agitators  you  condemn,  or  on  the  political  parties  you 
arraign,  or  even  altogether  on  yourselves,  but  it  will  be  due  to  the 
inherent  error  of  the  system  itself,  and  to  the  error  which  thrusts  it 
VOL.  IV.  76 


602  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

forward  to  oppose  and  resist  the  destiny,  not  more  of  the  African 
than  that  of  the  white  races.  The  white  man  noeds  this  continent  to 
labor  upon.  His  head  is  clear,  his  arm  is  strong,  and  bis  necessities 
are  fixed.  He  must  and  will  have  it.  To  secure  it  he  will  oblige 
the  government  of  the  United  States  to  abandon  intervention  in 
favor  of  slave  labor  and  slave  states,  and  go  backward  forty  years, 
and  resume  the  original  policy  of  intervention  in  favor  of  free  labor 
and  free  states.  The  fall  of  the  castle  of  San  Juan  d'Ulloa  deter 
mined  the  fate  of  Mexico,  although  sore  sieges  and  severe  pitched 
battles  intervened  before  the  capture  of  the  capital  of  the  Aztecs. 
The  defeats  you  have  encountered  in  California  and  in  Kansas,  deter 
mine  the  fate  of  the  principle  for  which  you  have  been  contending. 
It  is  for  yourselves,  not  for  us,  to  decide  how  long  and  through  what 
further  mortifications  and  disasters  the  contest  shall  be  protracted, 
before  freedom  shall  enjoy  her  already  assured  triumph.  I  would 
have  it  ended  now,  and  would  have  the  wounds  of  society  bound  up 
and  healed.  But  this  can  be  done  only  in  one  way.  It  cannot  be 
done  by  offering  further  resistance,  nor  by  any  evasion  or  partial 
surrender,  nor  by  forcing  Kansas  into  the  Union  as  a  slave  state, 
against  her  will,  leaving  her  to  cast  off  slavery  afterwards,  as  she  best 
may  ;  nor  by  compelling  Minnesota  and  Oregon  to  wait,  and  wear  the 
humiliating  costume  of  territories  at  the  doors  of  congress,  until  the 
people  of  Kansas,  or  their  true  defenders  here,  shall  be  brought  to 
dishonorable  compromises.  It  can  be  done  only  by  the  simplest  and 
direct  admission  of  the  three  new  states  as  free  states,  without  quali 
fication,  condition,  reservation  or  compromise,  and  by  the  abandon 
ment  of  all  further  attempts  to  extend  slavery  under  the  federal 
constitution.  You  have  unwisely  pushed  the  controversy  so  far, 
that  only  these  broad  concessions  will  now  be  accepted  by  the  interest 
of  free  labor  and  free  states.  For  myself,  I  see  this  fact,  perhaps 
the  more  distinctly  now  because  I  have  so  long  foreseen  it.  I  can 
therefore  counsel  nothing  less  than  those  concessions.  I  know  the 
hazards  I  incur  in  taking  this  position.  I  know  how  men  and  par 
ties,  now  earnest  and  zealous  and  bold,  may  yet  fall  away  from  me 
as  the  controversy  shall  wax  warm,  and  alarms  and  dangers  now 
unlocked  for  shall  stare  them  in  the  face,  as  men  and  parties,  equally 
earnest,  bold  and  zealous,  have  done  in  like  circumstances  before. 
But  it  is  the  same  position  I  took  in  the  case  of  California  eight  years 
i\go.  It  is  the  same  I  maintained  on  the  great  occasion  of  the  organ- 


FREEDOM   IN   KANSAS.  603 

ization  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  four  years  ago.  Time  and  added 
experience  have  vindicated  it  since,  and  I  assume  it  again,  to  be 
maintained  to  the  last,  with  confidence  that  it  will  be  justified,  ulti 
mately,  by  the  country  and  by  the  civilized  world.  You  may  refuse 
to  yield  it  now  and  for  a  short  period,  but  your  refusal  will  only 
animate  the  friends  of  freedom  with  the  courage  and  the  resolution, 
and  produce  the  union  among  them,  which  alone  are  necessary  on 
their  part  to  attain  the  position  itself  simultaneously  with  the  impend 
ing  overthrow  of  the  existing  federal  administration  and  the  consti 
tution  of  a  new  and  more  independent  congress. 

This  expansion  of  the  empire  of  free  white  men  is  to  be  conducted 
through  the  process  of  admitting  new  states,  and  not  otherwise.  The 
white  man,  whether  you  consent  or  not,  will  make  the  states  to  be 
admitted,  and  he  will  make  them  all  free  states.  We  must  admit 
them,  and  admit  them  all  free ;  otherwise  they  will  become  inde 
pendent  and  foreign  states,  constituting  a  new  empire  to  contend  with 
us  for  the  continent.  To  admit  them  is  a  simple,  easy  and  natural 
policy.  It  is  not  new  to  us  or  to  our  times.  It  began  with  the 
voluntary  union  of  the  first  thirteen.  It  has  continued  to  go  onr 
overriding  all  resistance  ever  since.  It  will  go  on  until  the  ends  of  the 
continent  are  the  borders  of  our  Union.  Thus  we  become  colaborers 
with  our  fathers,  and  even  with  our  posterity  throughout  many  ap-es. 
After  times,  contemplating  the  whole  vast  structure,  completed  and 
perfected,  will  forget  the  dates,  and  the  eras,  and  the  individualities 
of  the  builders  in  their  successive  generations.  It  will  be  one  great 
republic,  founded  by  one  body  of  benefactors.  I  wonder  that  the 
president  of  the  United  States  undervalues  the  Kansas  question, 
when  it  is  a  part  of  a  transaction  so  immense  and  sublime.  Far 
from  sympathizing  with  him  in  his  desire  to  deprecate  it  and  to  be 
rid  of  it,  I  felicitate  myself  on  my  humble  relation  to  it,  for  I  know 
that  heaven  cannot  grant,  nor  man  desire,  a  more  favorable  occasion 
to  acquire  fame,  than  he  enjoys  who  is  engaged  in  laying  the  foun 
dations  of  a  great  empire ;  and  I  know,  also,  that  while  mankind 
have  often  deified  their  benefactors,  no  nation  has  ever  yet  bestowed 
honors  on  the  memories  of  the  founders  of  slavery. 

I  have  always  believed  that  this  glorious  federal  constitution  of 
ours  is  adapted  to  the  inevitable  expansion  of  the  empire  which  I 
have  so  feebly  presented.  It  has  been  perverted  often  loy  miscon 
struction,  and  it  has  yet  to  be  perverted  many  times,  and  widely,. 


604  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

hereafter ;  but  it  has  inherent  strength  and  vigor  that  will  cast  off 
.all  the  webs  which  the  everchanging  interests  of  classes  may  weave 
around  it.  If  it  foil  us  now,  it  will,  however,  not  be  our  fault,  but 
because  an  inevitable  crisis,  like  that  of  youth  or  of  manhood,  is  to 
be  encountered  by  a  constitution  proved  in  that  case  to  be  inadequate 
to  the  trial.  I  am  sure  that  no  patriot,  who  views  the  subject  ;  s  I 
•do,  could  wish  to  evade  or  delay  the  trial.  By  delay  we  could  only 
extend  slavery,  at  the  most,  throughout  the  Atlantic  region  of  the 
continent.  The  Pacific  slope  is  free,  and  it  always  must  and  will  be 
free.  The  mountain  barriers  that  separate  us  from  that  portion  of 
our  empire,  are  quite  enough  to  alienate  us  too  widely,  possibly  to 
separate  us  too  soon.  Let  us  only  become  all  slaveholdirig  states  on 
this  side  of  those  barriers,  while  only  free  states  are  organized  and  per 
petuated  on  the  other  side,  and  then  indeed  there  will  come  a  division 
of  the  great  American  family  into  two  nations,  equally  ambitious  for 
•complete  control  over  the  continent,  and  a  conflict  between  them,  over 
which  the  world  will  mourn,  as  the  greatest  and  last  to  be  retrieved 
of  all  the  calamities  that  have  ever  befallen  the  human  race. 


APRIL  30,  1858. ' 

THIS  debate  has  manifestly  lost  some  of  its  interest,  although  it 
rapidly  approaches  a  yet  undetermined  conclusion.  The  length  of 
time  it  has  occupied  may  account  in  a  degree  for  the  decline  of 
•excitement.  Eepetition  of  the  same  topics,  and  even  of  the  same 
arguments,  not  indeed  too  often  for  duly  enlightening  the  minds  of 
the  people  of  the  United  States,  yet  too  frequent  for  patient  endu 
rance  here,  is  a  further  cause.  I  think,  however,  that  something  is 
due  also  to  the  change  of  form  which  the  subject  has  at  last  assumed. 
We  began  with  high-sounding  themes,  nothing  less  than  popular 
sovereignty,  and  we  rose  speedily  and  justly  into  the  region  of  the 
rights  of  human  nature.  The  question  wore  this  dignity  when  we 
gave  it  to  the  committee  of  conference.  It  comes  back  from  the 
conference  chamber,  reduced  into  a  mere  artifice — if  it  were  respect 
ful,  I  should  say  a  trick — of  legislative  legerdemain.  It  is  assumed 
that  one  or  both  of  two  irreconcilable  factions  are  to  be  deceived; 
all  that  seems  to  be  left  for  us  to  discuss,  or  the  public  to  consider, 

1  Closing  speech  in  the  Senate  on  the  Lecompton  constitution  and  the  English  Conference  Bill. 
Sec  ante  page  50. 


FREEDOM    IN    KANSAS.  605 

is,  who  shall  be  the  dupe?  This  is  that  kind  of  debate  for  which  I 
have  the  least  taste,  and,  as  I  think,  the  least  talent. 

The  bill  of  the  conference  committee  on  Kansas  was  gotten  up  to 
favor  a  purpose  of  self-deception ;  gotten  up  with  care,  so  that  it 
could  not  be  explained  satisfactorily  by  the  one  faction  to  the  other, 
or  even  to  itself. 

To  use  equivocation  in  legislation  is  an  act  of  immorality  deserv 
ing  of  severe  censure.  What  reverence,  what  respect,  what  sub 
mission,  what  obedience,  can  you  expect  from  the  citizen,  if  legisla 
tures  resort  to  such  reprehensible  practices  in  making  the  laws  ? 
There  are  very  bad  consequences  of  this  immoral  transaction  lying 
in  the  future,  if  they  be  not  prevented  by  the  vigilance  and  resolu 
tion  of  the  people.  The  measure  in  that  case  will  draw  after  it,  not 
merely  the  admission  of  one  or  more  slave  states  into  this  Union,  to 
increase  already  our  too  serious  embarrassments  resulting  from 
antagonisms  between  the  states,  but  all  the  grave  consequences  which 
must  result  from  the  establishment  of  a  belt  of  slave  states  in  the 
centre  of  the  continent,  from  our  northern  to  our  southern  border, 
directly  across  our  great  highway  from  the  Atlantic  to  the  Pacific. 
You  have  only  by  this,  or  by  any  other  means,  direct  or  indirect,  to 
fix  slavery  there,  and  you  will  have  raised  a  wall  of  separation 
between  the  eastern  and  the  western,  the  Atlantic  and  the  Pacific 
portions  of  the  empire,  more  insurmountable  than  the  ridges  of  the 
Kocky  mountains,  or  the  snow-clad  summits  of  the  further  range 
that  projects  its  shadow  far  abroad  upon  the  waves  of  the  Pacific. 

It  amuses  me  much  when  I  hear  patriotic  and  sagacious  men  pre- 
die^ing  the  removal  of  this  capital  from  the  falls  of  the  Potomac  to 
the  junction  of  the  Alleghany  and  Monongahela,  or  sometimes,  with 
a  longer  forecast,  to  Cincinnati,  the  queen  city  of  Ohio,  or  further  on 
to  St.  Louis,  and  so  settling  and  fixing  the  centre  of  power  in  the  val 
ley  of  the  Mississippi.  If  you  will  only  confine  this  institution  of 
slavery  within  its  present  ample  boundaries,  giving  it  no  further 
room  nor  verge,  the  capital  of  this  country  may  remain  where  it  is, 
but  the  centre  of  the  Union  will  fall  nearer  the  valley  of  Mexico 
than  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi.  Then  that  federal  authority  will 
grasp  the  equator  on  the  one  side,  and  the  northern  pole  on  the  other. 
But  no  such  promise,  no  such  hope,  awaits  the  republic,  if  you  sepa 
rate  the  free  Atlantic  states  from  the  free  states  of  the  Pacific  coast. 


606  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

While  this  bill  ignores  the  actual  dispute  out  of  which  it  origi 
nated,  it  suppresses  with  double  care  the  great  controlling  political 
fact  which  lies  everywhere  just  beneath  the  surface  of  the  whole 
debate.  If  Kansas  shall  come  into  the  Union  under  the  Lecompton 
constitution,  she  will  come  in  as  a  slave  state.  If  she  come  under 
any  other  constitution,  it  is  hoped  by  those  who  advocate  freedom 
that  she  will  come  as  a  free  state.  This  bill  gives  to  Kansas  the 
choice  of  being  a  slave  state,  and  only  that  choice.  You  have 
already  induced  the  supreme  court  of  the  United  States  so  to  per 
vert  your  constitution,  that  the  president,  on  their  authority,  declares 
that  Kansas,  while  she  is  a  territory,  is  as  much  a  slave  state  as  South 
Carolina.  The  change  you  offer  her  is,  that  if  she  will  accept  the  Le 
compton  constitution,  she  shall  be  recognized  in  name  and  form  as  a 
slave  state,  in  lieu  of  remaining  a  slave  state  in  the  form  and  stature 
of  a  territory.  Your  bill  docs  indeed  say  that  in  the  future — God 
knows  how  far  in  the  future  it  may  be — if  the  people  of  Kansas,  if 
they  shall  now  reject  the  Lecompton  constitution,  may  make  a  consti 
tution  for  themselves,  and  send  it  here  for  your  consideration  ;  but  it 
shall  not  be  done  until  they  shall  have  a  largely-augmented  popula 
tion.  This  postponement  is  a  mockery  !  When  the  people  of  Kan 
sas  shall  come  here  with  a  free  constitution,  years  hence,  they  will 
do  only  what  they  did  two  years  ago.  You  refused  them  then. 
When  they  come  here  with  a  constitution  making  them  a  free  state, 
and  submit  it  to  you,  they  will  have  a  constitution  that  contains  just 
what  they  had  in  the  Missouri  prohibition  of  slavery,  thirty -eight 
years  ago ;  and  you  struck  that  prohibition  from  the  statute  book. 
When  they  come,  years  hence,  be  they  few  or  many,  and  asked  to 
be  admitted  a  free  state,  they  will  be  just  exactly  in  the  same  attitude 
they  maintain  now,  and  demanding  then  only  what  they  demand 
now,  and  what  you  refuse  them. 

You  are  only  asking  us  to  wager  against  chance,  backed  by  device 
and  fraud.  Here  is  a  piece  of  silver,  of  the  coin  of  the  United 
States.  On  this  side  is  the  eagle ;  on  the  other,  the  figure  emblem 
atical  of  liberty.  You  cover  it  with  your  hand,  and  say  to  Kansas, 
wager  whether  the  "eagle"  or  "liberty"  is  uppermost.  Say 
"  eagle,"  and  you  have  "  slavery  ;"  say  "  liberty,"  and  still  "  slavery  " 
wins  the  wager.  This  bill  is  no  new  piece  of  music.  It  is  Lecomp 
ton  over  again,  only  with  a  new  variation  ;  but  the  abhorrent  air  of 
fraud  pervades  the  whole  arrangement  of  the  composition. 


FREEDOM    IX    KANSAS.  607 

I  beg  now  to  say  most  distinctly  that  this  bill  mast  in  both  houses 
owe  its  passage  to  the  votes  of  representatives  of  the  free  states  of 
the  north  and  west.  I  beg,  therefore,  to  ask  the  honorable  senator 
from  Pennsylvania,  himself  a  representative  of  the  first  state  in  this 
Union  that  after  the  revolution  moved  for  universal  freedom,  what 
the  people  of  Kansas  have  done,  that  they  shall  not  be  indulged  at 
least  in  an  equal  ehoiee  between  liberty  and  slavery  ?  I  ask  my 
venerable  and  esteemed  friend  from  Rhode  Island,  the  land  of  Roger 
AVilliams,  how  he  supposes  that  he  can  reconcile  that  proud  and 
patriotic  free  state,  that  one  which  was  earliest  and  most  completely 
free  of  all  the  states  in  this  Union,  to  this  bill,  which  gives  state 
power  and  prestige  and  a  dowry  of  lands  to  Kansas  if  she  will 
choose  slavery,  and  gives  her  provincial  degradation  and  debasement, 
with  poverty,  if  she  elects  freedom  ?  I  ask  my  excellent  friend  from 
Iowa,  he  who  represents  a  state  carved  out  of  that  rich  and  beautiful 
domain  which,  having  been  acquired  by  purchase  from  France,  was 
dedicated  to  freedom  by  the  Missouri  compromise — the  same  great 
act  which  originally  guarantied  freedom  to  Kansas,  but  which  guar 
anty  was  broken  to  Kansas,  though  preserved  to  Iowa — I  ask  him 
what  answer  he  will  give  to  that  gallant  people,  for  having  planted 
on  their  border  a  state  which  was  denied  the  liberty  to  choose  on 
equal  terms  between  freedom  and  slavery?  I  will  not  ask  the  hon 
orable  senator  from  California,  whose  state  was  saved  to  freedom  by 
efforts  other  than  his  own,  but  who  knows  that,  by  that  very  salva 
tion,  there  was  saved  to  California  resources  of  wealth  and  strength, 
and  power,  which  secure  her  control  over  the  Pacific  coast  of  this 
continent,  and  render  her  self-sustaining  and  almost  defiant — I  will 
not  ask  him  for  an  explanation.  I  said,  when  California  was  admit 
ted,  that  the  slave  states  need  not  fear  her ;  that  though  settled  by  a 
population  chiefly  from  the  free  states,  California,  owing  to  a  disas 
trous  conjunction  of  parties  at  the  time,  would  prove  for  years  to 
come  the  strongest  slave  state  in  the  Union.  I  will  not  ask  the  hon 
orable  senator  from  Ohio,  for  I  have  already  interpreted,  according 
to  rny  humble  ability,  the  views  by  which  he  reconciles  this  measure 
to  the  judgment  of  his  great  constituency.  I  would,  indeed,  ask  the 
honorable  senators  from  Indiana,  but  they  may  have  that  question  to 
settle  at  home  speedily,  without  being  interrogated  here. 

My  honorable  friend  from  Vermont  reminds  me  that  I  have  for 
gotten  New  Jersey.  I  will  speak  for  New  Jersey  myself.  The 


608  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

blood  of  men  who  hazarded  life,  fame,  and  fortune,  for  freedom,  in 
the  "Jerseys,"  courses  through  my  own  veins.  I  know  the  blue 
hills  of  the  Jerseys  well.  They  are  mingled  with  all  the  fond  recol 
lections  of  my  childhood.  I  will  answer,  that  the  votes  which  are 
given  here  for  this  Lecompton  bill  are  the  last  votes  which  in  ten 
years  will  be  given  for  slavery  by  representatives  of  New  Jersey. 

I  have  shown  that  this  bill  gives  to  the  people  of  Kansas  only 
the  show  of  a  choice  between  freedom  and  slavery.  I  have  next  to 
show  -that  it  provides  for  overriding,  counteracting,  and  defeating 
this  very  shadow  of  a  choice,  if  it  shall  be  in  favor  of  freedom. 
The  bill  provides,  not  that  the  people  of  Kansas  or  their  legislature 
or  their  authorities  shall  appoint  the  commissions  under  whom  the 
contemplated  election  shall  be  held  and  its  results  ascertained,  but  a 
board,  to  consist  of  five  persons ;  and,  while  it  allows  two  to  be 
named  by  the  people  of  Kansas,  it  asks  three  for  the  president  of 
the  United  States.  Now  there  have  been  five  agents  appointed 
already  by  the  president  of  the  United  States  and  his  predecessor, 
to  hold  elections  and  return  results  in  the  territory  of  Kansas,  and 
every  one  of  them  has  been  repudiated,  dishonored,  and  disgraced, 
for  having  struggled  to  prevent  fraud,  and  to  ascertain  and  certify 
the  truth  about  these  elections.  The  ghosts  on  the  banks  of  the 
Styx  constitute  a  cloud  scarcely  more  dense  than  the  spirits  of  the 
departed  governors  of  Kansas,  wandering  in  exile  and  sorrow  for 
having  certified  the  truth  against  falsehood  in  regard  to  the  elections 
between  freedom  and  slavery  in  Kansas. 

I  am  accustomed  to  measure  my  words,  when  I  speak  of  other 
men,  even  of  public  men.  Knowing  how  liable  I  am  to  err  myself, 
I  think  I  have  so  much  of  charity  as  induces  a  favorable  judgment 
of  an  adversary,  to  the  full  measure  that  I  ask  and  expect  it  for 
myself.  But  though  it  is  with  pain  and  shame  and  mortification, 
yet  I  do  confess  that  I  cannot  trust  the  president  of  the  United 
States.  It  is  the  most  humiliating  confession  I  have  ever  made  in 
the  presence  of  my  countrymen  and  before  the  world ;  for  whenever 
I  have  looked  over  the  long  roll  of  kings,  princes,  doges,  and 
emperors,  and  have  seen  how  their  careers,  so  often  began  in  fraud, 
culminated  in  assassination,  and  ended  in  violence,  I  have  said  that 
a  complete  demonstration  of  the  success  of  the  American  constitu 
tion  is  found  in  the  fact  that,  with  all  its  defects,  and  amid  the  erratic 
and  sometimes  tumultuous  movements  of  the  people,  the  catalogue 


COMPROMISES   AND    PEACE.  609 

of  names  of  those  who  have  filled  the  presidency  exhibits  a  splendor 
of  virtue  far  outshining  that  of  any  dynasty  that  has  ever  ruled  any 
nation  on  the  face  of  the  whole  earth.  If  the  president  of  the 
United  States  had  ever  allowed,  not  to  say  if  he  had  enforced,  fair 
ness  in  the  elections  of  Kansas,  she  would  not  be  a  suppliant, 
trembling  with  dismay  and  apprehension  in  the  senate  of  the  United 
States  to-day.  I  know  that,  in  speaking  thus  plainly,  I  shall  wound 
the  sensibilities  of  some  public-spirited  and  patriotic  men.  They 
will  cry  shame  upon  me,  when  I  disparage  the  fame  of  the  president 
of  the  United  States.  But  I  am  used  to  that.  The  world  is  used 
to  that.  I  remember  that  there  were  patriots  in  Virginia  who  cried 
shame  on  Patrick  Henry,  when  he  denounced  George  III.  There 
were  not  wanting  patriots  in  the  senate  of  Rome,  who  heard  with 
pain  Cato  denounce  the  first  Caesar.  Those  who  have  dragged 
liberty  down  from  her  shrine,  and  trampled  her  into  the  dust,  have 
not  often  been  those  who  in  senates  accused  emperors,  kings,  or 
presidents. 

Upon  what  ground  is  this  bill,  thus  shown  to  be  so  gravel v  objec 
tionable,  recommended  to  us?  First,  it  is  commended  as  a  com 
promise.  The  honorable  chairman  tells  us,  that  where  there  is  a 
difference  between  two  parties  or  interests,  there  can  never  be  a 
settlement  unless  there  is  a  compromise ;  that  the  house  of  repre 
sentatives  have  given  up  something,  and  that  the  senate  have  given 
up  something  to  the  house,  although  everybody  except  myself  has 
failed  in  finding  out  what  there  is  either  given  or  gotten.  Still  we 
are  to  accept  the  bill  as  a  compromise.  If  it  is  a  compromise  urged 
upon  me,  it  must  be  one  that  gives  me  something  of  freedom  in 
exchange  for  much  of  slavery.  What  do  I  get  of  freedom  for 
Kansas  ?  The  privilege  for  that  people  to  make  a  constitution 
when  they  shall  have  a  population  of  one  hundred  thousand  souls,, 
and  coming  here  then  and  presenting  that  constitution  to  congress- 
for  its  approval.  Very  well.  Is  Kansas  to  be  a  free  state  then  ? 
No.  Then  Kansas  shall  be  admitted  either  free  or  slave,  just 
exactly  as  the  people  shall  desire.  Well,  that  is  just  what  the 
Kansas-Nebraska  act  gave  us  in  1854.  We  have  had  that  great 
privilege  ever  since.  We  could  always  make  a  constitution,  and 
come  here  and  obtain  admission,  either  free  or  slave,  as  we  pleased, 
according  to  the  text  of  your  st-itute  book.  But  we  have  come  here 
and  demanded  freedom,  and  have  been  contumaciously  spurned  from. 

VOL.  T\7. 


610  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

your  presence.  We  refuse  to  be  admitted  a  slave  state,  and  we  are% 
remanded  home  to  try  it  over  again,  and  reconcile  ourselves  to 
slavery,  under  the  penalty  of  coming  here  no  more  until  we  number 
one  hundred  thousand  souls.  If  Kansas  shall  do  this,  and  be  docile 
and  quiet,  you  think  now  that  you  will  admit  her  when  she  come  as 
a  free  state,  half  a  dozen  or  a  dozen  years  hence.  But  you  hope, 
nevertheless,  that  in  the  meantime  she  will  be  demoralized,  and  so 
will  come  at  last  a  slave  state.  I  tell  you,  moreover,  that  when  she 
shall  corne  again  as  a  free  state,  as  she  will,  you  will  then  be  unable 
to  satisfy  yourselves  upon  her  full  compliance  with  all  the  forms 
required  to  be  observed  by  a  state  in  reaching  that  happy  condition. 
Let  us  not  deceive  ourselves.  There  is  no  freedom  for  Kansas 
under  this  bill. 

But  a  compromise  is  made  between  .two  contending  parties,  by 
their  representatives.  Who  are  the  parties  here  ?  The  real  parties 
in  this  dispute  are,  on  the  one  side,  the  free  state  party  of  Kansas 
and  the  republican  party  of  the  Union ;  and  on  the  other  hand,  the 
slave  state  party  of  Kansas  and  the  democracy  of  the  Union.  This 
compromise  is  one  made  between  the  two  factions  of  the  democratic 
party,  excluding  every  free  state  man  of  Kansas  and  every  repre 
sentative  of  the  republican  party  in  congress.  There  is  not  one  in 
our  whole  number  who  consents  to  this  bargain.  It  is,  therefore, 
just  no  compromise  at  all ;  it  is  only  the  pretense  of  compromise.  I 
was  born  suspicious  of  legislative  compromises.  That  temper  has 
grown  on  me  more  and  more  every  day  of  my  life.  I  have  studied 
their  dangers,  and  seen  the  evils  that  resulted  from  them ;  and  I 
made  up  my  mind,  when  I  came  here,  that  I  would  harden  my  face 
as  a  flint  against  any  compromise  whatever  between  slavery  and 
freedom.  This  so-called  compromise,  however,  inspires  me  with 
hope  unknown  before.  I  look  on  it  with  more;  complacency  than  I 
have  ever  looked  on  any  other ;  for  it  is  such  a  weak  and  pitiful 
imitation  of  the  great  compromises  which  have  been  hallowed  in  the 
respect  and  affection  of  the  people  of  the  United  States  for  genera 
tions,  that  it  will  bring  the  whole  system  of  compromises  itself, 
henceforth  and  forever,  into  ridicule  and  unmitigated  contempt. 

The  honorable  senator  from  Virginia  and  the  honorable  senator 
from  Missouri  commend  the  bill  to  us  as  a  measure  of  peace ;  at 
least,  the  honorable  senator  from  Virginia  promises  that  it  will  bring 
a  truce  for  four  or  five  years.  There  is  no  peace  in  this  world  for 


COMPROMISES   AND   PEACE.  611 

compromisers ;  there  is  no  peace  for  those  who  practice  evasion ; 
there  is  no  peace  in  a  republican  land  for  any  statesmen  but  those 
who  act  directly,  and  boldly  abide  the  popular  judgment  whenever 
it  may  be  fairly  and  clearly  and  fully  ascertained,  without  attempt 
ing  to  falsify  the  issue  submitted,  or  to  corrupt  the  tribunal. 

Beneath  the  thin  gauze  that  is  spread  over  this  signal  of  truce,  I 
see  distinctly  mingled  stains  of  fraud  and  blood,  black  spots  and 
red,  the  true  unerring  marks  of  a  piratical  flag.  If  you  mean  by 
troubles  to  be  composed,  apprehensions  of  civil  commotion,  of  vio 
lence,  of  turbulence,  of  sedition,  of  faction  and  civil  war,  I  tell  you 
frankly  that  you  need  be  at  no  pains  to  make  peace  to  prevent  those 
dire  evils.  This  cause  of  equal  and  impartial  freedom  in  the  states 
has  at  last  become  strong  enough  to  work  its  way  through  lawful  and 
constitutional  forms  to  its  destined  and  final  triumph.  But  if  you 
mean,  on  the  other  hand,  that  agitation  which  has  already  given  to 
that  great  cause  the  strength  and  power  it  now  exhibits,  and  if  you 
expect  that  that  agitation  will  be  arrested  or  suppressed  by  this  or 
by  any  other  legislative  device  of  this  nature,  then  let  me  tell  you 
that  you  reckon  altogether  wildly. 

I  smile  when  I  hear  senators  talk  about  the  people  getting  tired  of 
Kansas  and  this  eternal  agitation  of  slavery.  They  consult  the  com 
mercial  presses  of  Baltimore,  Philadelphia,  New  York  and  Boston, 
and  those  oracles  respond  with  assurances  that  the  people  are  ex 
hausted,  and  willing  and  impatient  to  have  the  Kansas  question  ended 
in  anyway,  with  popular  sovereignty  or  without,  with  fairness  or  with 
out,  with  or  without  slavery.  They  see  only  the  eddy  ;  they  do  not 
stretch  their  vision  far  enough  to  see  the  tide.  They  make  the  same 
mistake  which  the  felon  did  a  few  months  ago,  when  in  the  darkness 
of  the  winter's  night,  on  the  bank  of  the  Genesee,  he  slew  his  brother, 
and  precipitated  the  mangled  body  down  into  the  river,  just  below 
the  first  fall,  and  just  above  the  other,  thence  to  float  down  the  last 
cataract,  and  be  buried  forever  in  the  lake  below.  But  when  the 
morning  came,  the  corpse  of  the  victim  lay  floating  on  the  shallow 
water  by  the  river  side.  He  had  mistaken  the  eddy  near  the  shore 
for  the  full  and  ever-swelling  flood  which  man  can  by  no  art  or 
power  compress  or  restrain.  Senators,  you  shall  have  peace  in  Kan 
sas,  you  will  have  peace  in  Kansas.  It  will  come,  not  by  reason 
of  what  you  do  to  court  or  compel  it,  but  in  spite  of  yourselves ; 


612  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

but  it  will  come  in  the  train  of  the  triumph  of  peace-giving  policy 
and  principles. 

How  do  you  expect  to  get  peace  by  this  bill?  By  this  bill,  if  it 
works  as  you  expect,  you  will  get  a  slave  state  one  way  or  another. 
You  will  get  a  slave  state  in  one  case  by  a  popular  election,  under 
the  operation  of  bribes  and  menaces.  Will  the  people  of  Kansas 
remain  corrupted  after  they  have  accepted  your  bribe  and  escaped 
your  terrors  ?  That  is  not  in  keeping  with  the  character  of  the 
American  people.  You  will  get  it  by  fraud — by  a  certificate  from 
the  president  that  popular  sovereignty  has  gone  in  favor  of  Lecomp- 
ton,  when,  in  feet,  it  has  gone  the  other  way.  Will  that  make  peace? 
I  should  like  to  be  near  by,  and  see  the  new  slave  state  attempted 
to  be  organized  under  the  Lecompton  constitution. 

I  remember  that  legislators  as  wise  as  we — the  world  thought 
them  much  wiser — who  had  seats  in  St.  Stephen's  chapel,  and  had 
a  president  whom  they  honored  as  much  as  we  do  ours,  though  they 
called  him  a  king,  insisted  that  the  people  of  New  York  should  live 
under  what  to  them  was  a  slave  constitution,  while  they  had  made 
up  their  minds  to  have  a  free  one,  established  by  themselves.  The 
Provincial  British  government  went  on  board  the  Halifax  packet, 
and  thence  sent  forth  its  remonstrances  and  denunciations,  under 
cover  of  his  majesty's  guns.  They  were,  however,  merely  brutum 
fulmen.  After  a  short  time,  the  British  government  and  the  British 
ship  disappeared  together  below  the  Neversink,  to  return  no  more 
forever.  The  British  parliament  undertook,  also,  to  rule  Virginia 
under  a  slave  constitution  as  it  was  regarded  by  her.  But,  as  the 
strife  rose  higher,  the  provincial  authority,  with  the  prestige  and 
power  of  the  British  empire  to  back  it,  took  refuge  on  board  the 
schooner  Fowey,  and  descended  to  Hampton  Koads.  There  it  com 
mitted  a  few  pitiful  invasions  upon  the  property  of  patriotic  plant 
ers  and  citizens  of  that  great  state,  and  then  disappeared  forever. 

Your  Lecompton  government  of  Kansas  will  be  afloat  on  the  Mis 
souri  river  when  it  begins.  The  Missouri  will  not  be  wide  enough 
for  its  safety.  It  must  go  down,  and  pass  into  the  broader  channel 
of  the  Mississippi ;  and  when  you  next  look  for  it,  you  will  find  it 
stranded  on  the  beach  of  the  gulf  of  Mexico.  There  is  to  be  no 
Lecompton  state,  no  slave  state,  in  Kansas.  Nevertheless,  you  enact 
by  this  law  that  there  shall  be  a  slave  state  in  Kansas,  and  there 
shall  be  no  other.  Well,  if  you  shall  pass  the  bill  to-day,  as  you 


FREEDOM   IN   KANSAS.  613 

say  you  will,  it  will  reach  Kansas  in  about  ten  days.  In  about  ten 
days  more,  the  new  state  of  Kansas  will  be  organized  under  the  new 
Leavenworth  free-state  constitution,  and  about  the  seventh  day  of 
June,  when  you  are  impatient  to  go  home,  Kansas  will  be  beleaguer 
ing  you  here  for  admission  as  a  free  state.  She  will  be  telling  yon 
that  she  knows  nothing  about  your  projected  slave  state  within  her 
borders.  She  has  not  seen  it ;  it  is  not  there  at  all.  You  of  course 
will  spurn  her  from  your  path,  and  will  go  home.  The  people  of 
Kansas  will  then  appeal  to  the  popular  elections  throughout  the 
United  States,  which  are  to  send  to  this  capitol  twenty  new  senators 
and  a  whole  house  of  representatives  about  the  first  Tuesday  in 
November  next.  Now,  I  ask  the  honorable  supporters  of  this  bill 
here,  belonging  to  the  free  states,  about  how  many  democratic  sena 
tors  and  representatives  they  expect  will  be  returned  by  the  people 
upon  the  passage  of  this  bill?  I  ask  for  information.  The  honor 
able  senator  from  California  [Mr.  BKODERICK]  has  spoken  for  the 
only  free  state  that  I  thought  was  hopelessly  lost  to  us  for  a  quarter 
of  a  century.  For  all  the  rest,  I  think  that,  if  it  were  not  presump 
tuous,  I  might  speak  myself.  But  I  leave  the  representatives  of 
those  states  to  speak. 

The  people  of  Kansas  will  come  here  on  the  first  Monday  in  De 
cember  next,  when  you  assemble  here,  and  they  will  ask  you  to 
admit  them  as  a  free  state.  Have  you  any  law  that  will  prevent 
their  coming  in  that  character,  and  for  that  purpose?  The  consti 
tution  of  the  United  States  declares  that  the  people  may  petition 
congress,  and  they  may  petition  for  what  they  please.  •  The  people 
of  Kansas  may  petition  to  be  admitted  as  a  free  state  under  the 
Leavenworth  constitution.  Have  you  any  constitutional  prohibition 
to  prevent  me  from  voting  in  favor  of  their  prayer?  I  shall  vote 
for  their  admission  as  a  free  state,  in  spite  of  a  thousand  such  laws  as 
this.  I  tell  you,  moreover,  that  you,  yourselves,  or  a  large  number 
of  you,  will  vote  for  it  also,  to  prevent  the  question  going  over  to 
the  next  congress,  then  already  elected,  because  that  congress  would 
vote  for  it  if  you  do  not  anticipate  them,  to  save  yourselves  the 
credit  of  stanching  the  wounds  of  bleeding  Kansas,  and  establish 
ing  forever  the  cause  of  freedom.  All  this  will  happen  unless  you 
send  armies  to  suppress  such  proceedings  in  Kansas.  Well,  I  should 
like  to  see  the  bill  introduced  into  congress  now,  to  levy  or  supply 
.an  army  to  subjugate  freemen  and  extirpate  freedom  in  Kansas. 


614  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

That  game  is  ended.  You  cannot  even  pass  a  bill  to  maintain,  or 
rather  to  regain,  your  authority  in  Utah  against  polygamists,  with 
out  infinite  trouble. 

You  will  fail  in  obtaining  a  support  of  this  policy,  in  the  contest 
before  you,  because,  for  the  first  time,  you  will  go  before  the  people 
of  the  United  States  stripped  naked  of  every  pretense  of  equality  or 
impartiality  between  freedom  and  slavery,  much  more  of  that  virtue 
which  is  the  only  mantle  that  can  now  cover  and  conceal  political 
faults  in  this  country — devotion  to  freedom  and  free  labor.  The 
honorable  senator  from  Illinois  [Mr.  DOUGLAS],  the  honorable  sena 
tor  from  Michigan  [Mr.  STUART],  and  the  honorable  senator  from 
California  [Mr.  B  RODERICK],  with  their  associates  in  the  house,  and 
the  honorable  senator  from  Kentucky  [Mr.  CRITTENDEN],  and  the 
honorable  senator  from  Tennessee  [Mr.  BELL],  have  stripped  you 
bare  of  all  pretenses  to  fairness  in  the  exercise  of  maintaining  your 
own  avowed  policy  of  popular  sovereignty.  You  will  go  before  the 
people  no  longer  in  the  character  of  a  party  that  balances  equally 
between  freedom  and  slavery,  but  in  the  detested  character  of  a  party 
intervening  for  slavery  against  freedom.  You  will  meet  in  the  elec 
tions,  not  as  heretofore,  two  or  three  factions,  giving  you  a  triumph 
by  their  divisions,  which  you  could  not  win  by  your  own  numbers, 
but  one  party  only,  and  that  party  combined,  resolute  and  animated 
by  a  sincere,  deep  and  common  devotion  to  the  principles  it  main 
tains.  On  the  other  hand,  you  yourselves,  no  longer  united,  will 
reach  the  polls  in  jealous  divisions  and  under  different  stand 
ards — one  faction  wanting  slavery  absolutely  and  without  regard  to 
partisan  success  or  popular  consent,  the  other  hesitating  and  halting 
on  the  position  of  no  slavery  anywhere,  unless  the  people  choose  it. 

Let  rne  try  for  a  moment  to  lift  this  debate  up  from  these  tempo 
rary,  ephemeral  and  collateral  incidents,  to  that  height  of  argument 
where  it  belongs.  The  sixteenth  century  dawned  on  the  decay 
throughout  Europe  and  the  world  of  a  slave  civilization,  derived 
from  early  antiquity,  and  left  as  a  legacy  by  the  Latin  or  southern 
states  of  the  continent  of  Europe,  on  the  fall  of  the  Koman  empire. 
But  it  dawned  also  upon  the  rise  of  a  new  and  better  civilization — 
the  civilization  of  freedom — the  civilization  since  developed  of  the 
German  and  Sclavonic  races;  the  civilization  of  Germany  and  of 
England,  of  Scotland,  and  Ireland,  and  Switzerland,  in  short,  the  now 
well-defined  civilization  of  western  Europe. 


BARBARISM    AND    CIVILIZATION.  ft  15 

The  principle  of  the  old  Latin  civilization,  which  was  passing 
away,  was  that  labor  must  be  involuntary,  must  be  secured  by  fraud 
and  force,  and  must  be  converted  into  property,  and  bought  and  sold 
as  merchandise.  The  new  civilization  was  based  on  the  principle 
of  the  freedom  of  labor,  that  it  must  be  voluntary,  and  that  it  should 
be  not  only  a  political  power,  but  that  it  should  even  become  the 
ascendant  and  dominating  political  power  throughout  the  world. 
While  Portugal  and  Spain  proved  themselves  competent  to  open  and 
lead  the  great  career  of  discovery,  and  the  one  revealed  interior  and 
southern  Africa,  and  the  other  America,  to  the  eyes  of  an  astonished 
world,  these  two  nations  were,  less  than  any  others,  qualified  to  inau 
gurate  civilization  on  either  continent.  The  Portuguese,  with  a 
cupidity  and  cruelty  unparalleled,  doomed  Africa  to  remain  perpetu 
ally  in  the  barbarism  with  which  she  had  been  cursed  from  her 
earliest  history,  by  establishing  there  the  African  slave  trade,  in 
which  ten  men  were  sold  in  exchange  for  one  horse;  and  the  Span 
iards  compelled  America  to  receive,  and  for  a  while  to  remain  incum- 
bered  with  the  civilization  of  labor  by  African  slaves,  captured  and 
sold  to  them  by  the  Portuguese.  Our  constitution  and  our  Union 
came  into  being  seventy  years  ago,  in  a  conjuncture  when  it  was 
necessary  to  decide  between  those  two  systems  of  civilization  found 
existing  together  within  our  borders.  The  states  which  have  founded 
or  adopted  the  new  civilization  are  before  you.  Contemplate  them, 
and  say  whether  the  world  has  ever  seen  communities  so  perfect  and 
so  prosperous.  You  see,  also,  the  states  which  were  founded  on  or 
have  retained  the  old  declining  civilization  of  the  Roman  empire. 

All  our  new  states  have  to  choose  between  the  two  systems.  We 
have  a  voice,  at  least  an  influence,  in  determining  their  decision. 
You  are  bent  on  forcing  that  old  and  effete  civilization  upon  new 
regions  where  political  and  social  evil  has  until  now  been  unknown. 

This  question  in  regard  to  Kansas  ought  to  have  been  settled  fifty- 
five  years  ago,  in  1803,  when  Kansas  was  added  to  the  national  terri 
tory  by  the  treaty  with  France,  as  part  of  the  Louisiana  purchase. 
It  was  omitted  then.  It  recurred  in  1820,  and  then  it  was  well  and 
wisely  settled,  by  dedicating  Kansas  forever  to  impartial  freedom. 
In  1854  you  repealed  that  law,  but  the  law  you  thus  repealed  was  a 
statute  of  the  Almighty,  written  upon  the  rivers  and  prairies  and 
rocks  of  Kansas,  as  well  as  in  the  very  constitution  of  American 
society.  All  you  have  done  since  consists  of  fruitless  efforts  to  carry 


616  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

the  ill-judged  repeal  of  a  benignant  policy  into  effect,  in  defiance  of 
the  laws  of  nature.  In  what  you  have  done  heretofore,  you  have 
had  what  the  whole  world  received  as  an  excuse.  It  was  the  action 
indeed  of  the  slave  states,  but  it  was  not  on  their  own  motion.  The 
suggestion  came  to  them  from  senators  from  the  free  states,  and  it 
was  not  in  human  nature  that  they  should  resist  it. 

So,  in  1856,  when  Kansas  came  here  as  a  free  state  under  the  Topeka 
constitution  and  you  rejected  her,  you  still  had  the  show  of  an 
excuse,  for  those  same  representatives  of  the  free  states  assured  you 
that  the  people  of  the  free  states  would  acquiesce.  But  you  are  now, 
after  having  failed  in  these  efforts  to  establish  slavery  in  Kansas, 
persisting  in  and  renewing  them  without  that  excuse.  Two  of  those 
senators,  one  of  them  the  leader  in  the  repeal  of  the  Missouri  com 
promise,  the  other  hardly  less  effective  in  that  transaction,  now 
remonstrate  with  you  against  further  prosecution  of  your  attempt, 
as  impossible.  Still  another,  from  Michigan,  remonstrates — I  mean 
the  late  distinguished  senator  from  Michigan,  now  at  the  head  of  the 
department  of  state  [General  CASS].  I  do  not  say  that  he  remon 
strates  by  speech,  but  I  do  say  that  the  retirement  of  that  eminent 
man  from  this  chamber,  so  suited  to  his  talents,  his  genius,  his  tastes 
and  his  fame,  into  a  closet  in  an  executive  department  of  the  govern 
ment,  under  an  appointment  by  the  president  of  the  United  States, 
is  a  louder  remonstrance  than  any  words  he  could  utter,  if  his  con 
stituents  had  allowed  him  to  retain  his  place  among  us,  the  representa 
tives  of  the  states. 

Even  that  is  not  all.  At  last  a  new  voice  issues  from  your  own 
region,  from  the  south,  from  the  slave  states,  and  protests  against 
your  further  persistence  in  this  mad  enterprise.  The  cohorts  are 
gathering  in  the  south  ;  the  men  of  conservatism,  who,  as  they  have 
heretofore  moderated  in  favor  of  slavery  against  freedom,  will  now 
be  obliged,  in  consistency  with  their  just  and  well-established  charact . 
ter  and  their  political  patriotism,  to  moderate  against  you  in  favor  of 
freedom,  when  the  people  are  demanding  freedom,  and  rising  up 
unanimously  against  slavery. 

This  whole  controversy  is  at  last  reduced  and  contracted  into  a 
quarrel  on  your  part  for  revenge  against  these  wise  advisers.  Instead 
of  listening  to  their  counsels,  you  will  suppress  their  remonstrances 
and  punish  their  authors  as  mutineers.  Well  this  is  a  matter  of  small 
consequence  to  me.  To  myself,  personally,  the  future  of  these  dis- 


FREEDOM   IN   KANSAS.  617 

tinguished  senators,  and  their  associates  in  the  house  of  representa 
tives,  is  nothing,  except  so  far  as  the  positions  which  they  shall 
maintain  shall  bear  on  the  result  of  the  present  contest  to  establish  a 
new  and  better  policy  in  the  country.  I  know  not,  indeed,  whether 
I  shall  be  found  hereafter  laboring  with  them  in  efforts  to  promote 
the  public  welfare,  or  whether  they  will  return  to  your  councils,  and 
labor  in  your  own  ranks  as  heretofore.  Nevertheless,  I  am  sure  of 
this — that  you  will  not  succeed  in  discrediting  and  proscribing  them  ; 
for  either  you  provide  for  yourselves  a  defeat,  which  the  signs  of  the 
times  indicate,  or,  in  lieu  of  that,  you  will  go  down  to  1860  under 
the  influence  of  sentiments  and  feelings  very  different  from  that  of 
1858.  A  party  in  power  in  the  first  year  of  an  administration,  is 
apt  to  be  bold  and  violent.  A  party  going  out  of  power  at  the  ciose 
of  an  administration  generally  is  tirnid  and  hesitating.  You  will 
search  the  summits  in  New  Hampshire,  the  plains  in  Mexico,  and 
the  halls  of  St.  James  in  London,  to  find  a  presidential  candidate  in 
1860,  who  was  against  the  conference-Lecompton-Karisas  bill  in  1858; 
and  then,  if  these  honorable  gentlemen  with  whom  I  have  labored 
for  a  short  time  so  pleasantly,  shall  be  found  yet  remaining  within 
your  political  communion,  I  think  I  can  promise  them  that  you  will 
come  to  a  much  better  understanding  with  them  than  you  have  now.1 
While  I  am  yet  speaking,  I  learn  that  this  bill,  of  so  much  evil 
omen,  has  passed  the  house  of  representatives.  I  confess  to  you 
that  it  produces  in  my  mind,  if  some  disappointment,  no  discourage 
ment.  I  confess  that  I  am  prepared  for  this  conclusion  ;  and  that 
now,  when  it  has  come  (for  what  remains  to  be  done  in  this  chamber 
is  a  matter  of  course),  it  is  to  rne  utterly  indifferent.  I  have  known 
all  the  while  that  this  was  to  be  either  our  last  defeat  or  our  first 
victory.  Either  result  was  sure  to  be  quite  welcome.  For  Kansas, 
for  freedom  in  Kansas,  I  have  not  so  much  concern  as  I  have  about 
the  place  where  I  shall  sleep  to-night,  although  my  house  is  hard  by 
the  place  where  I  stand.  Kansas  is  the  Cinderella  of  the  American 
family.  She  is  insulted,  she  is  buffeted,  she  is  smitten  and  disgraced, 
she  is  turned  out  of  the  dwelling,  and  the  door  is  locked  against  her. 
There  is  always,  however,  a  fairy  that  takes  care  of  the  younger 
daughter,  if  she  be  the  most  virtuous,  the  most  truthful,  the  meek 
est,  and  the  most  enduring  inmate  of  the  domestic  circle.  Kansas 

1  These  predictions  were  singularly  verified  at  the  Charleston  and  Baltimore  conventions  of 
18150.    See  Memoir  ante  page  74. 

VOL.  IV.  78 


618  SPEECHES   IX  'THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

will  live  and  survive  your  persecution.  She  will  live  to  defend, 
protect  and  sustain  you.  The  time  will  come  when  her  elder  sisters — • 
sisters  now  so  arrogant,  Louisiana,  Virginia  and  Pennsylvania — 
will  repent  themselves  of  all  the  injustice  they  have  done  to  her. 
Her  trials  have  not  been  imposed  on  her  for  naught.  She  has  been 
made  to  take  the  hard  and  hazardous  position  of  being  the  first  of 
the  states  to  vindicate  practically  by  labor,  by  toil,  through  desola 
tion,  through  suffering  and  blood,  the  principle  that  freedom  is  better 
for  states  and  for  the  republic  than  slavery.  She  will  endure  the 
trial  nobly  to  the  end,  as  she  has  borne  it  hitherto ;  and  as  she  has 
been  the  first,  so  she  will  be  the  last  to  contend  and  to  suffer.  Every 
territory  that  shall  come  into  the  Union  hereafter,  profiting  by  the 
sufferings  and  atonement  of  Kansas,  will  come  into  the  Union  a  free 
state.  This  unnecessary  strife,  so  unwisely  provoked  by  slavery, 
draws  to  its  end.  The  effort  to  make  slave  states  within  our  domain, 
is  against  reason  and  against  nature.  The  trees  do  not  spring  up 
from  the  roots  and  seeds  scattered  by  the  parent  trunks  in  the  forest 
more  naturally  than  new  free  states  spring  up  from  the  political  roots 
projected  and  the  social  seed  scattered  by  the  old  free  states.  New 
stars  do  not  form  themselves  out  of  the  nebulas  in  the  recesses  of 
space,  and  come  out  to  adorn  and  illuminate  the  blue  expanse  above 
us  more  necessarily  or  more 'harmoniously  than  new  free  states 
shape  themselves  out  of  the  ever-developing  elements  of  our  benign 
civilization,  and  rise  to  take  their  places  in  this  great  political  con 
stellation.  Keason  arid  hope  rejoice  in  this  majestic  and  magnificent 
process.  Let,  then,  nature,  reason  and  hope  have  their  heaven- 
appointed  way.  Eesist them  no  longer! 

NOTE.— While  these  pages  are  going  through  the  press  (January,  1861),  the  struggle  for  the 
admission  of  Kansas  has  ended.  On  the  30th  day  of  January,  the  president  signed  the  act  of 
admission,  and  Kansas  became  a  free  state.  The  bill  was  moved  in  the  senate  by  Mr.  Seward 
on  the  twenty-first,  and  passed  on  the  same  day :  ayes  36,  nays  16.  See  Memoir  ante  page  117. 


THE  STATE  OF  THE  COUNTRY.1 

IN  coming  forward  among  the  political  astrologers,  it  shall  be  an 
error  of  judgment,  and  not  of  disposition,  if  my  interpretation  of 
the  feverish  dreams  which  are  disturbing  the  country  shall  tend  to 
foment,  rather  than  to  allay,  the  national  excitement.  I  shall  say 
nothing  unnecessarily  of  persons,  because,  in  our  system,  the  public 
welfare  and  happiness  depend  chiefly  on  institutions,  and  very  little 
on  men.  I  shall  allude  but  briefly  to  incidental  topics,  because  they 
are  ephemeral,  and  because,  even  in  the  rnidst  of  appeals  to  passion 
and  prejudice,  it  is  always  safe  to  submit  solid  truth  to  the  deliberate 
consideration  of  an  honest  and  enlightened  people. 

It  will  be  an  overflowing  source  of 'shame,  as  well  as  of  sorrowr 
if  we,  thirty  millions — Europeans  by  extraction,  Americans  by 
birth  or  discipline,  and  Christians  in  faith,  and  meaning  to  be  such 
in  practice — cannot  so  combine  prudence  with  humanity,  in  our  con 
duct  concerning  the  one  disturbing  subject  of  slavery,  as  not  only 
to  preserve  our  unequaled  institutions  of  freedom,  but  also  to  enjoy 
their  benefits  with  contentment  and  harmony. 

a  guiltless  slave  exists,  be  he  Caucasian,  American, 
Malay  or  Africanders  trTesubiectof  two  distinct  and  opposite 
ideas — one  that  he  is  wrongly,  the  other  that  he  is  riahtly_a__sIayLe, 
The  balance  of  numbers  on  either  side,  however  great,  never  com 
pletely  extinguishes  this  difference  of  opinion,  for  there  are  always 
some  defenders  of  slavery,  outside,  even  if  there  are  none  inside  of 
a  free  state,  while  also  there  are  always  outside,  if  there  are  not 
inside  of  every  slave  state,  many  who  assert  with  Milton,  that  "no 
man  who  knows  aught  can  be  so  stupid  as  to  deny  that  all  men  natu 
rally  were  born  free,  being  the  image  and  resemblance  of  God  him 
self,  and  were  by  privilege  above  all  the  creatures,  born  to  command 
and  not  to  obey."  It  often,  perhaps  generally,  happens,  however, 

1  Speech  in  the  United  States  Senate,  February  29, 1860.  The  bill  before  the  Senate  being  "  the 
admission  of  Kansas,"  Mr.  Seward  commenced  by  saying:  "The  admission  of  Kansas  into 
the  Union,  without  further  delay,  seems  to  me  equally  necessary,  just  and  wise.  In  recorded 
debates  I  have  already  anticipated  the  arguments  for  this  conclusion." 


620  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES  SENATE. 

that  in  considering  the  subject  of  slavery,  society  seems  to  overlook 
the  natural  right,  or  personal  interest  of  the  slave  himself,  and  to  act 
exclusively  for  the  welfare  of  the  citizen.  But  this  fact  does  not 
materially  affect  ultimate  results,  for  the  elementary  question  of  the 
rightful  ness  or  wrongfulness  of  slavery  inheres  in  every  form  that 
discussion  concerning  it  assumes.  What  is  just  to  one  class  of  men 
can  never  be  injurious  to  any  other;  and  what  is  unjust  to  any  con 
dition  of  persons  in  a  state,  is  necessarily  injurious  in  some  degree 
to  the  whole  community.  An  economical  question  early  arises  out 
of  the  subject  of  slavery — labor  either  of  freemen  or  of  slaves  is  the 
cardinal  necessity  of  society.  Some  states  choose  the  one  kind,  some 
the  other.  Hence,  two  municipal  systems  widely  different  arise. 
The  slave  state  strikes  down  and  affects  to  extinguish  the  person 
ality  of  the  laborer,  not  only  as  a  member  of  the  political  body,  but 
also  as  a  parent,  husband,  child,  neighbor  or  friend.  He  thus 
becomes,  in  a  political  view,  merely  property,  without  moral  capacity, 
and  without  domestic,  moral,  and  social  relations,  duties,  rights,  and 
remedies — a  chattel,  an  object  of  bargain,  sale,  gift,  inheritance  or 
theft.  His  earnings  are  compensated  and  his  wrongs  atoned,  not  to 
himself,  but  to  his  owner.  The  state  protects  not  the  slave  as  a  man, 
"but  the  capital  of  another  man,  which  he  represents.  On  the  other 
hand,  the  state  which  rejects  slavery  encourages  and  animates  and 
invigorates  the  laborer  by  maintaining  and  developing  his  natural 
personality  in  all  the  rights  and  faculties  of  manhood,  and  generally 
with  the  privileges  of  citizenship.  In  the  one  case,  capital  invested 
in  slaves  becomes  a  great  political  force ;  while  in  the  other,  labor, 
thus  elevated  and  enfranchised,  becomes  the  dominating  political 
power.  It  thus  happens  that  we  may,  for  convenience  sake,  and 
not  inaccurately,  call  slave  states  capital  states,  and  free  states  labor 
states. 

So  soon  as  a  state  feels  the  impulses  of  commerce,  or  enterprise,  or 
ambition,  its  citizens  begin  to  study  the  effects  of  these  systems  of  capi- 
'tal  and  labor  respectively  on  its  intelligence,  its  virtue,  its  tranquillity, 
its  integrity  or  unity,  its  defense,  its  prosperity,  its  liberty,  its  happi 
ness,  its  aggrandizement,  and  its  fame.  In  other  words,  the  great  ques 
tion  arises,  whether  slavery  is  a  moral,  social  and  political  good,  or  a 
moral,  social  and  political  evil.  This  is  the  slavery  question  at  home. 
But  there  is  a  mutual  bond  of  amity  and  brotherhood  between  man 
.and  man  throughout  the  world.  Nations  examine  freely  the  political 


LABOR   AND   CAPITAL.  621 

s}rstems  of  each  other,  and  of  all  preceding  times,  and  accordingly 
as  they  approve  or  disapprove  of  the  two  systems  of  capital  and 
labor  respectively  they  sanction  and  prosecute,  or  condemn  and 
prohibit,  commerce  in  men.  Thus,  in  one  way  or  in  another,  the 
slavery  question,  which  so  many  among  us,  who  are  more  willing  to 
rule  than  patient  in  studying  the  condition  of  society,  think  is  a 
merely  accidental  or  unnecessary  question  that  might  and  ought  to 
be  settled  and  dismissed  at  once,  is,  on  the  contrary,  a  world-wide 
and  enduring  subject  of  political  consideration  and  civil  administra 
tion.  Men,  states  and  nations  entertain  it,  not  voluntarily,  but  be 
cause  the  progress  of  society  continually  brings  it  into  their  way.. 
They  divide  upon  it,  not  perversely,  but  because,  owing  to  differ 
ences  of  constitution,  condition  or  circumstances,  they  cannot  agree. 
The  fathers  of  the  republic  encountered  it.  They  oven  adjusted 
it  so  that  it  might  have  given  us  much  less  than  our  present  disquiet, 
had  not  circumstances  afterwards  occurred  which  they,  wise  as  they 
were,  had  not  clearly  foreseen.  Although  they  had  inherited,  yet 
they  generally  condemned  the  practice  of  slavery,  and  hoped  for  its 
discontinuance.  They  expressed  this  when  they  asserted  in  the 
Declaration  of  Independence,  as  a  fundamental  principle  of  American 
society,  that  all  men  are  created  equal,  and  have  inalienable  rights 
to  life,  liberty  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness.  Each  state,  however, 
reserved  to  itself  exclusive  political  power  over  the  subject  of  slavery 
within  its  own  borders.  Nevertheless,  it  unavoidably  presented  itself 
in  their  consultation  on  a  bond  of  Federal  Union.  The  new  govern 
ment  was  to  be  a  representative  one.  Slaves  were  capital  in  some 
states,  in  others  capital  had  no  investments  in  labor.  Should  those 
slaves  be  represented  as  capital  or  as  persons,  taxed  as  capital  or  as 
persons,  or  should  they  not  be  represented  or  taxed  at  all  ?  The 
fathers  disagreed,  debated  long,  and  compromised  at  last.  Each  state, 
they  determined,  shall  have  two  senators  in  congress.  Three-fifths  of 
the  slaves  shall  be  elsewhere  represented,  and  be  taxed  as  persons. 
What  should  be  done  if  the  slave  should  escape  into  a  labor  state? 
Should  that  state  confess  him  to  be  a  chattel,  and  restore  him  as 
such,  or  might  it  regard  him  as  a  person,  and  harbor  and  protect  him 
as  a  man  ?  They  compromised  again,  and  decided  that  no  person 
held  to  labor  or  service  in  one  state  by  the  laws  thereof,  escaping  into 
another,  shall,  by  any  law  or  regulation  of  that  state,  be  discharged 


C22  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

from  such  labor  or  service,  but  shall  be  delivered  up  on  claim  to 
the  person  to  whom  such  labor  or  service  shall  be  due. 

Free  laborers  would  immigrate,  and  slaves  might  be  imported  into 
the  states.  The  fathers  agreed  that  congress  may  establish  uniform 
laws  of  naturalization,  and  it  might  prohibit  the  importation  of 
persons  after  1808.  Communities  in  the  southwest,  detached  from 
the  southern  states,  were  growing  up,  in  the  practice  of  slavery,  to 
be  capital  states.  New  states  would  soon  grow  up  in  the  northwest, 
while  as  yet  capital  stood  aloof,  and  labor  had  not  lifted  the  axe  to 
begin  there  its  endless  but  beneficent  task.  The  fathers  authorized 
congress  to  make  all  needful  rules  and  regulations  concerning  the 
management  and  disposition  of  the  public  lands,  and  to  admit  new 
states.  So  the  constitution,  while  it  does  not  disturb  or  affect  the 
system  of  capital  in  slaves,  existing  in  any  state  under  its  own  laws, 
does,  at  the  same  time,  recognize  every  human  being  when  within  any 
exclusive  sphere  of  federal  jurisdiction,  not  as  capital  but  as  a  person. 

What  was  the  action  of  the  fathers  in  congress?  They  admitted 
the  new  states  of  the  southwest  as  capital  states,  because  it  was 
practically  impossible  to  do  otherwise,  and  by  the  ordinance  of 
1787,  confirmed  in  1789,  they  provided  for  the  organization  and 
admission  of  only  labor  states  in  the  northwest.  They  directed 
fugitives  from  service  to  be  restored  not  as  chattels,  but  as  persons. 
They  awarded  naturalization  to  immigrant  free  laborers,  and  they 
prohibited  the  trade  in  African  labor.  This  disposition  of  the  whole 
subject  was  in  harmony  with  the  conditions  of  society,  and,  in  the 
main,  with  the  spirit  of  the  age.  The  seven  northern  states  content 
edly  became  labor  states  by  their  own  acts.  The  six  southern  states, 
with  equal  tranquillity,  and  by  their  own  determination,  remained 
capital  states. 

The  circumstances  which  the  fathers  did  not  clearly  foresee  were 
two,  namely,  the  rei'nvigoration  of  slavery,  consequent  on  the 
increased  consumption  of  cotton,  and  the  extension  of  the  national 
domain  across  the  Mississippi,  and  these  occurred  before  1820.  The 
state  of  Louisiana,  formed  on  a  slaveholding  French  settlement, 
within  the  newly  acquired  Louisianian  territory,  had  then  already 
been  admitted  into  the  Union.  There  yet  remained,  however,  a  vast 
region,  which  included  Arkansas  and  Missouri,  together  with  the 
then  unoccupied,  and  even  unnamed,  Kansas  and  Nebraska. 
Arkansas,  a  slaveholding  community,  was  nearly  ready  to  apply, 


THE   MISSOURI   COMPROMISE.  623 

and  Missouri,  another  such  territory,  was  actually  applying  for 
admission  into  the  Federal  Union.  The  existing  capital  states 
seconded  these  applications,  and  claimed  that  the  whole  Louisianian 
territory  was  rightfully  open  to  slavery,  and  to  the  organization  of 
future  slave  states.  The  labor  states  maintained  that  congress  had 
supreme  legislative  power  within  the  domain,  and  could  and  ought 
to  exclude  slavery  there.  The  question  thus  opened  was  one  which 
related  not  at  all  to  slavery  in  the  existing  capital  states.  It  was 
purely  and  simply  a  national  question  whether  the  common  interest 
of  the  whole  republic  required  that  Arkansas,  Missouri,  Kansas, 
and  Nebraska,  should  become  capital  states,  with  all  the  evils  and 
dangers  of  slavery,  or  be  labor  states,  with  all  the  securities,  benefits, 
and  blessings  of  freedom.  On  the  decision  was  suspended  the  ques 
tion,  as  was  thought,  whether  ultimately  the  interior  of  this  new 
continent  should  be  an  asylum  for  the  oppressed  and  the  exile, 
coming  year  after  year,  and  age  after  age,  voluntarily  from  every 
other  civilized  land,  as  well  as  for  the  children  of  misfortune  in  our 
own,  or  whether,  through  the  renewal  of  the  African  slave  trade, 
those  magnificent  and  luxuriant  regions  should  be  surrendered  to 
the  control  of  capital,  wringing  out  the  fruits  of  the  earth  through 
the  impoverishing  toil  of  negro  slaves.  That  question  of  1820  was 
identically  the  question  of  1860,  so  far  as  principle,  and  even  the 
field  of  its  application,  was  concerned.  Every  element  of  the  con 
troversy  now  present  entered  it  then  ;  the  right-fulness  or  the  wrong- 
fulness  of  slavery  ;  its  effects,  present  and  future ;  the  constitutional 
authority  of  congress ;  the  claims  of  the  states  and  of  their  citizens; 
the  nature  of  the  Federal  Union,  whether  it  is  a  compact  between 
the  states,  or  an  independent  government ;  the  springs  of  its  powers, 
and  the  ligatures  upon  their  exercise.  All  these  were  discussed 
with  zeal  and  ability  which  have  never  been  surpassed.  History 
tells  us,  I  know  not  how  truly,  that  the  Union  reeled  under  the 
vehemence  of  that  great  debate.  Patriotism  took  counsel  from  pru 
dence,  and  enforced  a  settlement  which  has  proved  to  be  not  a  final 
one ;  and  which,  as  is  now  seen,  practically  left  open  all  the  great 
political  issues  which  were  involved.  Missouri  and  Arkansas  were 
admitted  as  capital  states,  while  labor  obtained,  as  a  reservation,  the 
abridged,  but  yet  comprehensive  field  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska. 

Now,  when  the  present  conditions  of  the  various  parts  of  the 
Louisianian  territory  are  observed,  and  we  see  that  capital  retains 


624:  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

undisputed  possession  of  what  it  then  obtained,  while  labor  is  con 
vulsing  the  country  with  so  hard  and  so  prolonged  a  struggle  to- 
regain  the  lost  equivalent,  which  was  then  guaranteed  to  it  under 
circumstances  of  so  great  solemnity,  we  may  well  desire  not  to  be 
undeceived  if  the  Missouri  compromise  was  indeed  unnecessarily 
accepted  by  the  free  states,  influenced  by  exaggerations  of  the 
dangers  of  disunion.  The  Missouri  debate  disclosed  truths  of  great 
moment  for  ulterior  use  : 

1st.  That  it  is  easy  to  combine  the  capital  states  in  defense  of 
even  external  interests,  while  it  is  hard  to  unite  the  labor  states  in  a 
common  policy. 

2d.  That  the  labor  states  have  a  natural  loyalty  to  the  Unionr 
while  the  capital  states  have  a  natural  facility  for  alarming  that  loy 
alty  by  threatening  disunion. 

3d.  That  the  capital  states  do  not  practically  distinguish  between 
legitimate  and  constitutional  resistance  to  the  extension  of  slavery  in 
the  common  territories  of  the  Union,  and  unconstitutional  aggression 
against  slavery  established  by  local  laws  in  the  capital  states. 

The  early  political  parties  were  organized  without  reference  to 
slavery.  But  since  1820,  European  questions  have  left  us  practi 
cally  unconcerned.  There  has  been  a  great  increase  of  invention, 
mining,  manufacture  and  cultivation.  Steam  on  land  and  on  water 
has  quickened  commerce.  The  press  and  the  telegraph  have  attained 
prodigious  activity,  and  the  social  intercourse  between  the  states  and 
their  citizens  has  been  immeasurably  augmented  ;  and  consequently 
their  mutual  relations  affecting  slavery  have  been,  for  many  years, 
subjects  of  earnest  and  often  excited  discussion.  It  is  in  my  way 
only  to  show  how  such  disputes  have  operated  on  the  course  of 
political  events,  not  to  reopen  them  for  argument  here.  There  was 
a  slave  insurrection  in  Virginia.  Virginia  and  Kentucky  debated, 
and,  to  the  great  sorrow  of  the  free  states,  rejected  the  system  of 
voluntary  labor.  The  colonization  society  was  established  with 
much  favor  in  the  capital  states.  Emancipation  societies  arose  in 
the  free  states.  South  Carolina  instituted  proceedings  to  nullify 
obnoxious  federal  revenue  laws.  The  capital  states  complained  of 
courts  and  legislatures  in  the  labor  states,  for  interpreting  the  con 
stitutional  provision  for  the  surrender  of  fugitives  from  service,  so  as 
to  treat  them  as  persons,  and  not  property,  and  they  discriminated 
against  colored  persons  of  the  labor  states,  when  they  came  to  the 


THE    CALIFORNIA    COMPROMISE.  625 

capital  states.  They  denied  in  congress  the  right  of  petition,  and 
embarrassed  or  denied  freedom  of  debate  on  the  subject  of  slavery. 
Presses,  which  undertook  the  defense  of  the  labor  system  in  the 
capital  states,  were  suppressed  by  violence,  and  even  in  the  labor 
states  public  assemblages,  convened  to  consider  slavery  qnstionsr 
were  dispersed  by  mobs  sympathizing  with  the  capital  states. 

The  whig  party,  being  generally  an  opposition  party,  practised 
some  forbearance  toward  the  interest  of  labor.  The  democratic 
party,  not  without  demonstrations  of  dissent,  was  generally  found 
sustaining  the  policy  of  capital.  A  disposition  towards  the  removal 
of  slavery  from  the  presence  of  the  national  capital  appeared  in  the 
District  of  Columbia.  Mr.  Van  Buren,  a  democratic  president, 
launched  a  prospective  veto  against  the  anticipated  measure.  A 
democratic  congress  brought  Texas  into  the  Union,  stipulating  prac 
tically  for  its  future  reorganization  in  four  slave  states.  Mexico  was 
incensed.  War  ensued.  The  labor  states  asked  that  the  Mexican 
law  of  liberty,  which  covered  the  territories  brought  in  by  the  treaty 
of  peace,  might  remain  and  be  confirmed.  The  democratic  party 
refused.  The  Missouri  debate  of  1820  recurred  now,  under  circum 
stances  of  heat  and  excitement,  in  relation  to  these  conquests.  Thq 
defenders  of  labor  took  alarm  lest  the  number  of  new  capital  states 
might  become  so  great  as  to  enable  that  class  of  states  to  dictate  the 
whole  policy  of  the  government;  and  in  case  of  constitutional  resist 
ance,  then  to  form  a  new  slaveholding  confederacy  around  the  gulf 
of  Mexico.  By  this  time  the  capital  states  seemed  to  have  become 
fixed  in  a  determination  that  the  federal  government,  and  even  the 
labor  states,  should  recognize  their  slaves,  though  outside  of  the 
slave  states,  and  within  the  territories  of  the  United  States,  as  pro 
perty  of  which  the  master  could  not  be  in  any  way,  or  by  any  autho 
rity,  divested ;  and  the  labor  states  having  become  now  more  essen 
tially  democratic  than  ever  before,  by  reason  of  the  great  development 
of  free  labor,  more  firmly  than  ever  insisted  on  the  constitutional 
doctrine,  that  slaves  voluntarily  carried  by  their  masters  into  the 
common  territories  or  into  labor  states,  are  persons — men. 

Under  the  auspicious  influence  of  a  whig  success,  California  and 
New  Mexico  appeared  before  congress  as  labor  states.  The  capital 
states  refused  to  consent  to  their  admission  into  the  Union;  and 
again  threats  of  disunion  carried  terror  and  consternation  through 
out  the  land.  Another  compromise  was  made.  Specific  enactments 

VOL.  IV.  V9 


626  SPEECHES   IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

admitted  California  as  a  labor  state,  and  remanded  New  Mexico  and 
Utah  to  remain  territories,  with  the  right  to  choose  freedom  or 
slavery  when  ripened  into  states,  while  they  gave  new  remedies 
for  the  recaption  of  fugitives  from  service,  and  abolished  the  open 
slave  market  in  the  District  of  Columbia.  These  new  enactments, 
collated  with  the  existing  statutes,  namely,  the  ordinance  of  1787,  the 
Missouri  prohibitory  law  of  1820,  and  the  articles  of  Texas  annexa 
tion,  disposed  by  law  of  the  subject  of  slavery  in  all  the  territories 
of  the  United  States.  And  so  the  compromise  of  1850  was  pro 
nounced  a  full,  final,  absolute  and  comprehensive  settlement  of  all 
existing  and  all  possible  disputes  concerning  slavery  under  the  fede 
ral  authority.  The  two  great  parties,  fearful  for  the  Union,  struck 
hands  in  making  and  in  presenting  this  as  an  adjustment,  never 
afterwards  to  be  opened,  disturbed  or  even  questioned,  and  the  peo 
ple  accepted  it  by  majorities  unknown  before.  The  new  president, 
chosen  over  an  illustrious  rival,  unequivocally  on  the  ground  of 
greater  ability,  even  if  not  more  reliable  purpose,  to  maintain  the 
new  treaty  inviolate,  made  haste  to  justify  this  expectation  when 
congress  assembled.  He  said : 

;'  When  the  grave  shall  have  closed  over  all  who  are  now  endeavoring  to  meet 
the  obligations  of  duty,  the  year  1850  will  be  recurred  to  as  a  period  filled  with 
anxiety  and  apprehension.  A  successful  war  has  just  terminated ;  peace  brought 
•with  it  a  great  augmentation  of  territory.  Disturbing  questions  arose  bearing 
upon  the  domestic  institutions  of  a  portion  of  the  confederacy,  and  involving  the 
constitutional  rights  ot  the  states.  But,  notwithstanding  differences  of  opinion 
and  sentiment,  in  relation  to  details  and  specific  provisions,  the  acquiescence  of 
distinguished  citizens,  whose  devotion  to  the  Union  can  never  be  doubted,  has 
given  renewed  vigor  to  our  institutions,  and  restored  a  sense  of  security  and 
repose  to  the  public  mind  throughout  the  confederacy.  That  this  repose  is  to 
suffer  no  shock  during  my  official  term,  if  I  have  the  power  to  avert  it,  those  who 
placed  me  here  may  be  assured." 

Hardly,  however,  had  these  inspiring  sounds  died  away,  through 
out  a  reassured  and  delighted  land,  before  the  national  repose  was 
shocked  again — shocked,  indeed,  as  it  had  never  before  been,  and 
smitten  this  time  by  a  blow  from  the  very  hand  that  had  just  re 
leased  the  chords  of  the  national  harp  from  their  utterance  of  that 
exalted  symphony  of  peace. 

Kansas  and  Nebraska,  the  long-devoted  reservation  of  labor  and 
freedom,  saved  in  the  agony  of  national  fear  in  1820,  and  saved 
again  in  the  panic  of  1850,  were  now  to  be  opened  by  congress,  that 


THE   NEBRASKA   MEASURE.  627 

the  never-ending  course  of  seed- time  and  harvest  might  begin.  The 
slave  capitalists  of  Missouri,  from  their  own  well-assured  homes  on 
the  eastern  banks  of  their  noble  river,  looked  down  upon  and  cov 
eted  the  fertile  prairies  of  Kansas ;  while  a  sudden  terror  ran  through 
all  the  capital  states,  when  they  saw  a  seeming  certainty  that  at  last 
a  new  labor  state  would  be  built  on  their  western  border,  inevitably 
fraught,  as  they  said,  with  a  near  or  remote  abolition  of  slavery. 
What  could  be  done  ?  Congress  could  hardly  be  expected  to  inter 
vene  directly  for  their  safety  so  soon  after  the  compromise  of  1850. 
The  labor  hive  of  the  free  states  was  distant — the  wa}7  new,  unknown 
and  not  without  perils.  Missouri  was  near  and  watchful,  and  held 
the  keys  of  the  gates  of  Kansas.  She  might  seize  the  new  and 
smiling  territory  by  surprbe,  if  only  congress  would  remove  the 
barrier  established  in  1820.  The  conjuncture  was  favorable.  Clay 
and  Webster,  the  distinguished  citizens  whose  unquestionable  devo 
tion  to  the  Union  was  manifested  by  their  acquiescence  in  the  com 
promise  of  1850,  had  gone  down  already  into  their  honored  graves. 
The  labor  states  had  dismissed  many  of  their  representatives  here 
for  too  great  fidelity  to  freedom,  and  too  great  distrust  of  the  efficacy 
of  that  new  bond  of  peace,  and  had  replaced  them  with  partisans 
who  were  only  timid,  but  not  unwilling.  The  democratic  president 
and  congress  hesitated,  but  not  long.  They  revised  the  last  great 
compromise,  and  found,  with  delighted  surprise,  that  it  was  so.  far 
from  confirming  the  law  of  freedom  of  1820,  that,  on  the  other  hand, 
it  exactly  provided  for  the  abrogation  of  that  venerated  statute ;  nay, 
that  the  compromise  itself  actually  killed  the  spirit  of  the  Missouri 
law,  and  devolved  on  congress  the  duty  of  removing  the  lifeless 
letter  from  the  national  code.  The  deed  was  done.  The  new  enact 
ment  not  only  repealed  the  Missouri  prohibition  of  slavery,  but  it 
pronounced  the  people  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska  perfectly  free  to 
establish  freedom  or  slavery,  and  pledged  congress  to  admit  them  in 
due  time  as  states,  either  of  capital  or  of  labor,  into  the  Union. 
The  whig  representatives  of  the  capital  states,  in  an  hour  of  strange 
bewilderment,  concurred ;  and  the  whig  party  instantly  went  down, 
never  to  rise  again.  Democrats  seceded,  and  stood  aloof;  the  coun 
try  was  confounded;  and,  amid  the  perplexities  of  the  hour,  a 
republican  party  was  seen  gathering  itself  together  with  much  earn 
estness,  but  with  little  show  of  organization,  to  rescue,  if  it  were  not 


628  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

now  too  late,  the  cause  of  freedom  and  labor,  so  unexpectedly  an'd 
grievously  imperiled  in  the  territories  of  the  United  States. 

I  will  not  linger  over  the  sequel.  The  popular  sovereignty  of 
Kansas  proved  to  be  the  state  sovereignty  of  Missouri,  not  only  in 
the  persons  of  the  rulers,  but  even  in  the  letter  of  an  arbitrary  and 
cruel  code.  The  perfect  freedom  proved  to  be  a  hateful  and  intoler 
able  bondage.  From  1855  to  1860,  Kansas,  sustained  and  encou 
raged  only  by  the  republican  party,  has  been  engaged  in  successive 
and  ever- varying  struggles,  which  have  taxed  all  her  virtue,  wisdornr 
moderation,  energies,  and  resources,  and  often  even  her  physical 
strength  and  martial  courage,  to  save  herself  from  being  betrayed 
into  the  Union  as  a  slave  state.  Nebraska,  though  choosing  free 
dom,  is,  through  the  direct  exercise  of  the  executive  power,  over 
riding  her  own  will,  held  as  a  slave  territory  ;  and  New  Mexico 
has  relapsed  voluntarily  into  the  practice  of  slavery,  from  which  she 
had  redeemed  herself  while  she  yet  remained  a  part  of  the  Mexican 
republic.  Meantime  the  democratic  party,  advancing  from  the 
ground  of  popular  sovereignty  as  far  as  that  ground  is  from  the 
ordinance  of  1787,  now  stands  on  the  position  that  both  territorial 
governments  and  congress  are  incompetent  to  legislate  against  slavery 
in  the  territories,  while  they  are  not  only  competent,  but  are  obliged,, 
when  it  is  necessary,  to  legislate  for  its  protection  there. 

In  this  new  and  extreme  position  the  democratic  party  now  masks 
itself  behind  the  battery  of  the  supreme  court,  as  if  it  were  possibly 
a  true  construction  of  the  constitution,  that  the  power  of  deciding 
practically  forever  between  freedom  and  slavery  in  a  portion  of  the 
continent  far  exceeding  all  that  is  yet  organized,  should  be  renounced 
by  congress,  which  alone  possesses  any  legislative  authority,  and 
should  be  assumed  and  exercised  by  a  court  which  can  only  take  cog 
nizance  of  the  great  question  collaterally,  in  a  private  action  between 
individuals,  and  which  action  the  constitution  will  not  suffer  the  court 
to  entertain,  if  it  involves  twenty  dollars  of  money,  without  the 
overruling  intervention  of  a  jury  of  twelve  good  and  lawful  men  of 
the  neighborhood  where  the  litigation  arises.  The  independent,  ever- 
renewed,  and  ever-recurring  representative  parliament,  diet,  congress, 
or  legislature,  is  the  one  chief,  paramount,  essential,  indispensable 
institution  in  a  republic.  Even  liberty,  guaranteed  by  organic  law, 
yet  if  it  be  held  by  other  tenure  than  the  guardian  care  of  such  a 
representative  popular  assembly,  is  but  precariously  maintained, 


THE   DECADENCE    OF   LIBERTY  629 

•while  slavery,  enforced  by  an  irresponsible  judicial  tribunal,  is  the 
completest  possible  development  of  despotism. 

Did  ever  the  annals  of  any  government  show  a  more  rapid  or 
more  complete  departure  from  the  wisdom  and  virtue  of  its  founders? 
Did  ever  the  government  of  a  great  empire,  founded  on  the  rights 
of  human  labor,  slide  away  so  fast  and  so  far,  and  moor  itself  so 
tenaciously  on  the  basis  of  capital,  and  that  capital  invested  in  labor 
ing  men  ?  Did  ever  a  free  representative  legislature,  invested  with 
powers  so  great,  and  with  the  guardianship  of  rights  so  important, 
of  trusts  so  sacred,  of  interests  so  precious,  and  of  hopes  at  once  so 
noble  and  so  comprehensive,  surrender  and  renounce  them  all  so 
unnecessarily,  so  unwisely,  so  fatally,  and  so  ingloriously  ?  If  it  be 
true,  as  every  instinct  of  our  nature,  and  every  precept  of  political 
experience  teaches  us,  that 

"111  fares  the  land,  to  hastening  ills  a  prey, 
Where  wealth  accumulates,  and  men  decay  ;" 

then  where  in  Ireland,  in  Italy,  in  Poland,  or  in  Hungary,  has  any 
ruler  prepared  for  a  generous  and  confiding  people  disappointments, 
<lisasters,  and  calamities  equal  to  those  which  the  government  of  the 
United  States  holds  now  suspended  over  so  large  a  portion  of  the 
continent  of  North  America  ? 

Citizens  of  the  United  States,  in  the  spirit  of  this  policy,  sub 
verted  the  free  republic  of  Nicaragua,  and  opened  it  to  slavery  and 
the  African  slave  trade,  and  held  it  in  that  condition  waiting  annex 
ation  to  the  United  States,  until  its  sovereignty  was  restored  by  a 
combination  of  sister  republics  exposed  to  the  same  danger,  and 
.apprehensive  of  similar  subversion.  Other  citizens  reopened  the 
foreign  slave  trade  in  violation  of  our  laws  and  treaties;  and,  after 
a  suspension  of  that  shameful  traffic  for  fifty  years,  savage  Africans 
have  been  once  more  landed  on  our  shores  and  distributed,  unre 
claimed  and  with  impunity,  among  our  plantations. 

For  this  policy,  so  far  as  the  government  has  sanctioned  it,  the 
democratic  party  avows  itself  responsible.  Everywhere  complaint 
against  it  is  denounced,  and  its  opponents  proscribed.  When  Kan 
sas  was  writhing  under  the  wounds  of  incipient,  servile  war,  because 
of  her  resistance,  the  democratic  press  deridingly  said,  "  Let  her 
bleed."  Official  integrity  has  been  cause  for  rebuke  and  punish 
ment,  when  it  resisted  frauds  designed  to  promote  the  extension  of 
slavery.  Throughout  the  whole  republic  there  is  not  one  known 


630  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

dissenter  from  that  policy  remaining  in  place,  if  within  reach  of  the 
executive  arm.  Nor  over  the  face  of  the  whole  world  is  there  to  be 
found  one  representative  of  our  country  who  is  not  an  apologist  for 
the  extension  of  slavery. 

It  is  in  America  that  these  things  have  happened.  In  the  nine 
teenth  century,  the  era  of  the  world's  greatest  progress,  and  while 
all  nations  but  ourselves  have  been  either  abridging  or  altogether 
suppressing  commerce  in  men  ;  at  the  very  moment  when  the  Rus 
sian  serf  is  emancipated,  and  the  Georgian  captive,  the  Nubian  priso 
ner,  and  the  Abyssinian  savage  are  lifted  up  to  freedom  by  the 
successor  of  Mohammed.  The  world,  prepossessed  in  our  behalf  by 
our  early  devotion  to  the  rights  of  human  nature,  as  no  nation  ever 
before  engaged  its  respect  and  sympathies,  asks,  in  wonder  and 
amazement,  what  all  this  demoralization  means  ?  It  has'  an  excuse 
better  than  the  world  can  imagine,  better  than  we  are  generally  con 
scious  of  ourselves — a  virtuous  excuse.  We  have  loved  not  free 
dom  so  much  less,  but  the  Union  of  our  country  so  much  more. 
We  have  been  made  to  believe,  from  time  to  time,  that  in  a  crisis 
both  of  these  precious  institutions  could  not  be  saved  together,  and 
therefore  we  have,  from  time  to  time,  surrendered  safeguards  of 
freedom  to  propitiate  the  loyalty  of  capital,  and  stay  its  hands  from 
doing  violence  to  the  Union.  The  true  state  of  the  case,  however, 
ought  not  to  be  a  mystery  to  ourselves.  Prescience,  indeed,  is  not 
given  to  statesmen  ;  but  we  are  without  excuse  when  we  fail  to 
apprehend  the  logic  of  current  events.  Let  parties  or  the  govern 
ment  choose  or  do  what  they  may,  the  people  of  the  United  States 
do  not  prefer  the  wealth  of  the  few  to  the  liberty  of  the  many,  capi 
tal  to  labor,  African  slaves  to  white  freemen,  in  the  national  territo 
ries  and  in  future  states.  That  question  has  never  been  distinctly 
recognized  or  acted  on  by  them.  The  republican  party  embodies  the 
popular  protest  and  reaction  against  a  policy  which  has  been  fastened 
upon  the  nation  by  surprise,  and  which  its  reason  and  conscience, 
concurring  with  the  reason  and  conscience  of  mankind,  condemn. 

The  choice  of  the  nation  is  now  between  the  democratic  party  and 
the  republican  party.  Its  principles  and  policy  are,  therefore,  justly 
and  even  necessarily  examined.  I  know  of  only  one  policy  which 
it  has  adopted  or  avowed,  namely,  the  saving  of  the  territories  of  the 
United  States,  if  possible,  by  constitutional  and  lawful  means,  from 
being  homes  for  slavery  and  polygamy.  Who,  that  considers  where 


...  THE    REPUBLICAN    PARTY.  631 

this  nation  exists,  of  what  races  it  is  composed,  in  what  age  of  the 
world  it  acts  its  part  on  the  public  stage,  and  what  are  its  predomi 
nant  institutions,  customs,  habits  and  sentiments,  doubts  that  the 
republican  party  can  and  will,  if  unwaveringly  faithful  to  that  policy, 
and  just  and  loyal  in  all  beside,  carry  it  into  triumphal  success?  To 
doubt  is  to  be  uncertain  whether  civilization  can  improve  or  Christi 
anity  save  mankind. 

I  may,  perhaps,  infer  from  the  necessity  of  the  case,  that  it  will,  in 
all  courts  and  places,  stand  by  the  freedom  of  speech  and  of  the 
press,  and  will  maintain  the  constitutional  rights  of  freemen  every 
where  ;  that  it  will  favor  the  speedy  improvement  of  the  public 
domain  by  homestead  laws,  and  will  encourage  mining,  manufacture 
and  internal  commerce,  with  needful  connections  between  the  Atlan 
tic  and  Pacific  states — for  all  these  are  important  interests  of  freedom. 
For  all  the  rest,  the  national  emergencies,  not  individual  influences, 
must  determine,  as  society  goes  on,  the  policy  and  character  of  the 
republican  party.  Already  bearing  its  part  in  legislation  and  in 
treaties,  it  feels  the  necessity  of  being  practical  in  its  care  of  the 
national  health  and  life,  while  it  leaves  metaphysical  speculation  to 
those  whose  duty  it  is  to  cultivate  the  ennobling  science  of  political 
philosophy. 

But  in  the  midst  of  these  subjects,  or  rather  before  fully  reaching 
them,  the  republican  party  encounters,  unexpectedly,  a  new  and 
potential  issue — one  prior,  and  therefore  paramount  to  all  others,  one 
of  national  life  and  death.  Just  as  if  so  much  had  not  been  already 
conceded — nay,  just  as  if  nothing  at  all  had  ever  been  conceded  to 
the  interest  of  capital  invested  in  men,  we  hear  menaces  of  disunion, 
louder,  more  distinct,  more  emphatic,  than  ever,  with  the  condition 
annexed,  that  the}'  shall  be  executed  the  moment  that  a  republican, 
administration,  though  constitutionally  elected,  shall  assume  the 
government. 

I  do  not  certainly  know  that  the  people  are  prepared  to  call  such 
an  administration  to  power.  I  know  only,  that  through  a  succession 
of  floods  which  never  greatly  excite,  and  ebbs  which  never  entirely 
discourage  me,  the  volume  of  republicanism  rises  continually  higher 
and  higher.  They  are  probably  wise,  whose  apprehensions  admon 
ish  them  that  it  is  already  strong  enough  for  effect. 

Hitherto  the  republican  party  has  been  content  with  one  self- 
interrogatory — how  many  votes  can  it  cast?  These  threats  enforce 


632  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

another — has  it  determination  enough  to  cast  them?  This  latter 
question  touches  its  spirit  and  pride.  I  am  quite  sure,  however,  that, 
as  it  has  hitherto  practised  self-denial  in  so  many  other  forms,  it  will 
in  this  emergency  lay  aside  all  impatience  of  temper,  together  with 
all  ambition,  and  will  consider  these  extraordinary  declamations  seri 
ously  and  with  a  just  moderation.  It  would  be  a  waste  of  words  to 
demonstrate  that  they  are  unconstitutional,  and  equally  idle  to  show 
that  the  responsibility  for  disunion  attempted  or  effected,  must  rest, 
not  with  those  who,  in  the  exercise  of  constitutional  authority,  main 
tain  the  government,  but  with  those  who  unconstitutionally  engage 
in  the  mad  work  of  subverting  it. 

What  are  the  excuses  for  these  menaces?  They  resolve  them 
selves  into  this,  that  the  republican  party  in  the  north  is  hostile  to 
the  south.  But  it  already  is  proved  to  be  a  majority  in  the  north  ; 
it  is  therefore  practically  the  people  of  the  north.  Will  it  not  still 
be  the  same  north  that  has  forborne  with  you  so  long  and  conceded 
to  you  so  much  ?  Can  you  justly  assume  that  affection  which  has 
been  so  complying,  can  all  at  once  change  to  hatred  intense  and 
inexorable? 

You  say  that  the  republican  party  is  a  sectional  one.  Is  the 
democratic  party  less  sectional?  Is  it  easier  for -us  to  bear  your 
sectional  sway  than  for  you  to  bear  ours?  Is  it  unreasonable  that 
for  once  we  should  alternate  ?  But  is  the  republican  party  sectional  ? 
Not  unless  the  democratic  party  is.  The  republican  party  prevails 
in  the  house  of  representatives  sometimes ;  the  democratic  party  in 
the  senate  always.  Which  of  the  two  is  the  most  proscriptive? 
Corne,  come,  come,  if  you  will,  into  the  free  states,  into  the  state  of 
New  York,  anywhere  from  lake  Erie  to  Sag  Harbor,  among  my 
neighbors  in  the  Owasco  valley,  hold  your  conventions,  nominate 
your  candidates,  address  the  people,  submit  to  them  fully,  earnestly, 
eloquently,  all  your  complaints  and  grievances  of  northern  disloy 
alty,  oppression,  perfidy;  keep  nothing  back,  speak  just  as  freely 
and  loudly  there  as  you  do  here ;  you  will  have  hospitable  welcomes, 
and  appreciating  audiences,  with  ballot-boxes  open  for  all  the  votes 
you  can  win.  Are  you  less  sectional  than  this?  Extend  to  us  the 
same  privileges,  and  I  will  engage  that  you  will  very  soon  have  in 
the  south  as  many  republicans  as  we  have  democrats  in  the  north. 
There  is,  however,  a  better  test  of  nationality  than  the  accidental 
location  of  parties.  Our  policy  of  labor  in  the  territories  was  not 


THE   REPUBLICAN  PARTY.  633 

sectional  in  the  first  forty  years  of  the  republic.  Its  nature  inheres. 
It  will  be  national  again,  during  the  third  forty  years,  and  forever 
afterwards.  It  is  not  wise  and  beneficent  for  us  alone  or  injurious 
to  you  alone.  Its  effects  are  equal,  and  the  same  for  us  all. 

You  accuse  the  republican  party  of  ulterior  and  secret  designs. 
How  can  a  party  that  counts  its  votes  in  this  land  of  free  speech  and 
free  press  by  the  hundreds  of  thousands,  have  any  secret  designs? 
Who  is  the  conjurer,  and  where  are  the  hidden  springs  by  which  he 
can  control  its  uncongregated  and  widely-dispersed  masses,  and 
direct  them  to  objects  unseen  and  purposes  unavowed?  But  what 
are  these  hidden  puiposes?  You  name  only  one.  That  one  is  to 
introduce  negro  equality  among  you.  Suppose  we  had  the  power 
to  change  your  social  system :  what  warrant  have  you  for  supposing 
that  we  should  carry  negro  equality  there?  We  know,  and  we  will 
show  you,  if  you  will  only  give  heed,  that  what  our  system  of  labor 
works  out,  wherever  it  works  out  anything,  is  the  equality  of  white 
men.  The  laborer  in  the  free  states,  no  matter  how  humble  his 
occupation,  is  a  white  man,  and  he  is  politically  the  equal  of  his 
employer.  Eighteen  of  our  thirty-three  states  are  free-labor  states. 
They  are :  Maine,  New  Hampshire.  Massachusetts,  Vermont,  Rhode 
Island,  Connecticut,  New  York,  New  Jersey,  Pennsylvania,  Ohio, 
Michigan,  Illinois,  Indiana,  Wisconsin,  Minnesota,  Iowa,  California, 
and  Oregon.  I  do  not  array  them  in  contrast  with  the  capital  states. 
I  am  no  assailant  of  states.  All  of  the  states  are  parcels  of  my  own 
country — the  best  of  them  not  so  wise  and  great  as  I  am  sure  it  will 
hereafter  be;  the  state  least  developed  and  perfected  among  them  all 
is  wiser  and  better  than  any  foreign  state  I  know.  Is  it  then  in  any, 
and  in  which,  of  the  states  I  have  named  that  negro  equality  offends 
the  white  man's  pride?  Throughout  the  wide  world,  where  is  the 
state  where  class  and  caste  are  so  utterly  extinguished  as  they  are  in 
each  and  every  one  of  them?  Let  the  European  immigrant,  who 
avoids  the  African  as  if  his  skin  exhaled  contagion,  answer.  You 
find  him  always  in  the  state  where  labor  is  ever  free.  Did  Wash 
ington,  Jefferson,  and  Henry,  when  they  implored  you  to  relinquish 
your  system  and  accept  the  one  we  have  adopted,  propose  to  sink 
you  down  to  the  level  of  the  African,  or  was  it  their  desire  to  exalt 
all  white  men  to  a  common  political  elevation? 

But  we  do  not  seek  to  force,  or  even  to  intrude,  our  system  on  you. 
We  are  excluded  justly,  wisely  and  contentedly  from  all  political 

VOL.  IV.  80 


634  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

power  and  responsibility  in  your  capital  states.  You  are  sovereign 
on  the  subject  of  slavery  within  your  own  borders,  as  we  are  on  the 
same  subject  within  our  borders.  It  is  well  and  wisely  so  arranged. 
Use  your  authority  to  maintain  what  system  you  please.  We  are 
not  distrustful  of  the  result.  We  have  wisely,  as  we  think,  exercised 
ours  to  protect  and  perfect  the  manhood  of  the  members  of  the  state. 
The  whole  sovereignty  upon  domestic  concerns  within  the  Union,  is 
•divided  between  us  by  unmistakable  boundaries.  You  have  your 
fifteen  distinct  parts ;  we  eighteen  parts,  equally  distinct.  Each 
must  be  maintained  in  order  that  the  whole  may  be  preserved.  If 
ours  shall  be  assailed,  within  or  without,  by  any  enemy,  or  for  any 
cause,  and  we  shall  have  need,  we  shall  expect  you  to  defend.it.  If 
yours  shall  be  so  assailed,  in  the  emergenc3r,  no  matter  what  the  cause 
or  the  pretext,  or  who  the  foe,  we  shall  defend  your  sovereignty  as 
the  equivalent  of  our  own.  We  cannot,  indeed,  accept  your  system 
of  capital  or  its  ethics.  That  would  be  to  surrender  and  subvert  our 
own,  which  we  esteem  to  be  better.  Besides,  if  we  could,  what  need 
for  any  division  into  states  at  all?  You  are  equally  at  liberty  to 
reject  our  system  and  its  ethics,  and  to  maintain  the  superiority  of 
your  own  by  all  the  forces  of  persuasion  and  argument.  We  must, 
indeed,  mutually  discuss  both  systems.  All  the  world  discusses  all 
systems.  Especially  must  we  discuss  them  since  we  have  to  decide 
as  a  nation  which  of  the  two  we  ought  to  engraft  on  the  new  and 
future  states  growing  up  in  the  great  public  domain.  Discussion, 
then,  being  unavoidable,  what  could  be  more  wise  than  to  conduct 
it  with  mutual  toleration  and  in  a  fraternal  spirit? 

You  complain  that  republicans  discourse  too  boldly  and  directly, 
when  they  express  with  confidence  their  belief  that  the  system  of 
labor  will,  in  the  end,  be  universally  accepted  by  the  capital  states, 
acting  for  themselves  and  in  conformity  with  their  own  constitutions, 
while  they  sanction  too  unreservedly  books  designed  to  advocate 
emancipation.  But  surely  you  can  hardly  expect  the  federal  govern 
ment  or  the  political  parties  of  the  nation  to  maintain  a  censorship 
of  the  press  or  of  debate.  Would  you  yourselves  consent  to  the 
establishment  of  such  a  censorship  as  a  permanent  institution  ?  The 
theory  of  our  system  is,  that  error  of  opinion  may  in  all  cases  safely 
be  tolerated  where  reason  is  left  free  to  combat  it.  Will  it  be  claimed 
that  more  of  moderation  and  tenderness  in  debate  are  exhibited  on 
your  side  of  the  great  argument  than  on  our  own?  We  all  learned 


JEFFERSON   ON   EMANCIPATION.  635 

our  polemics,  as  well  as  our  principles,  from  a  common  master.  We 
are  sure  that  we  do  not,  on  our  side,  exceed  his  lessons  and  example. 
Thomas  Jefferson  addressed  Dr.  Price,  an  Englishman,  concerning 
his  treatise  on  emancipation  in  America,  in  this  fashion : 

"  Southward  of  the  Chesapeake  your  book  will  find  but  few  readers  concurring 
with  it  in  sentiment  on  the  subject  of  slavery.  From  the  mouth  to  the  head  of 
the  Chesapeake,  the  bulk  of  the  people  will  approve  it  in  theory,  and  it  will  find  a 
respectable  minority  ready  to  adopt  it  in  practice — a  minority  which,  for  weight 
and  worth  of  character,  preponderates  against  the  greater  number  who  have  not 
the  courage  to  divest  their  families  of  a  property  which,  however,  keeps  their 
consciences  unquiet.  Northward  of  the  Chesapeake  you  may  find  here  and  there 
an  opponent  to  your  doctrine,  as  you  may  find  here  and  there  a  robber  or  a  mur 
derer  ;  but  in  no  greater  number."  *  *  *  *  "  This  (Virginia)  is  the  next 
state  to  which  we  may  turn  our  eyes  for  the  interesting  spectacle  of  justice  in  con 
flict  with  avarice  and  oppression — a  conflict  where  the  sacred  side  is  gaining  daily 
new  recruits  from  the  influx  into  office  of  young  men,  grown  and  growing  np.'r 
*******  "  Be  not,  then,  discouraged.  What  you  have  written  will 
do  a  great  deal  of  good  ;  and  could  you  still  trouble  yourself  about  our  welfare,  no- 
man  is  more  able  to  help  the  laboring  side." 

You  see  that  whether  we  go  for  or  against  slavery  anywhere,  we 
must  follow  southern  guides.  You  may  change  your  pilots  with  the 
winds  or  the  currents,  but  we,  whose  nativity,  reckoned  under  the 
north  star,  has  rendered  us  somewhat  superstitious,  must  be  excused 
for  constancy  in  following  the  guidance  of  those  who  framed  the 
national  ship  and  gave  us  the  chart  for  its  noble  voyage. 

A  profound  respect  and  a  friendly  regard  for  the  vice-president  of 
the  United  States,  has  induced  me  to  weigh  carefully  the  testimony 
he  has  given  on  the  subject  of  the  hostility  against  the  south,  imputed 
to  the  republican  party,  as  derived  from  the  relations  of  the  repre 
sentatives  of  the  two  parties  at  this  capital.  He  says  that  he  has  seen 
here  in  the  representatives  of  the  lower  southern  states  a  most  reso 
lute  and  earnest  spirit  of  resistance  to  the  republican  party;  that  he 
perceives  a  sensible  loss  of  that  spirit  of  brotherhood  and  that  feel 
ing  of  loyalty,  together  with  that  love  for  a  common  country,  which 
are  at  last  the  surest  cement  of  the  Union ;  so  that,  in  the  present 
unhappy  condition  of  affairs,  he  is  almost  tempted  to  exclaim  that 
we  are  dissolving  week  by  week  and  month  by  month ;  that  the 
threads  are  gradually  fretting  themselves  asunder;  and  a  stranger 
might  suppose  that  the  executive  of  the  United  States  was  the  pre 
sident  of  two  hostile  republics.  It  is  not  for  me  to  raise  a  doubt 


636  SPEECHES   IN  THE    UNITED   STATES  SENATE. 

upon  the  correctness  of  this  dark  picture,  so  fur  as  the  southern 
groups  upon  the  canvas  are  concerned,  but  I  must  be  indulged  in 
the  opinion  that  I  can  pronounce  as  accurately  concerning  the  north 
ern  or  republican  representatives  here  as  any  one.  I  know  their 
public  haunts  and  their  private  ways.  We  are  not  a  hostile  republic 
or  representatives  of  one.  We  confer  together,  but  only  as  the 
organs  of  every  party  do  and  must  do  in  a  political  system  which 
obliges  us  to  act  sometimes  as  partisans,  while  it  requires  us  always 
to  be  patriots  and  statesmen.  Differences  of  opinion,  even  on  the 
subject  of  slavery,  with  us  are  political,  not  social  or  personal,  dif 
ferences.  There  is  not  one  disunionist  or  disloyalist  among  us  all. 
We  are  altogether  unconscious  of  any  process  of  dissolution  going 
•on  among  us  or  around  us.  We  have  never  been  more  patient,  and 
never  loved  the  representatives  of  other  sections  more  than  now. 
WTe  bear  the  same  testimony  for  the  people  around  us  here,  who, 
though  in  the  very  centre  where  the  bolt  of  disunion  must  fall  first 
and  with  most  fearful  effect,  seem  less  disturbed  now  than  ever 
before.  We  bear  the  same  testimony  for  all  the  districts  and  states 
we  represent.  The  people  of  the  north  are  not  enemies,  but  friends 
and  brethren  of  the  south,  faithful  and  true  as  in  the  days  when 
death  has  dealt  his  arrows  promiscuously  among  them  on  common 
bat'le-fields  of  freedom. 

We  will  not  suffer  ourselves  here  to  dwell  on  any  evidence  of  a 
different  temper  in  the  south  ;  but  we  shall  be  content  with  express 
ing  our  belief  that  hostility  that  is  not  designedly  provoked,  and  that 
cannot  provoke  retaliation,  is  an  anomaly  that  must  be  traced  to 
casual  excitements,  which  cannot  perpetuate  alienation. 

A  canvass  for  a  presidential  election,  in  some  respects  more  impor 
tant  perhaps  than  any  since  1800,  has  recently  begun.  The  house 
of  representatives  was  to  be  organized  by  a  majority,  while  no  party 
could  cast  more  than  a  plurality  of  votes.  The  gloom  of  the  late 
tnigedj  in  Virginia  rested  on  the  capitol  from  the  day  when  congress 
assembled.  While  the  two  great  political  parties  were  peacefully, 
I  aw  fully 'and  constitutionally,  though  zealously,  conducting  the  great 
national  issue  between  free  labor  and  capital  labor  for  the  territories 
to  its  proper  solution,  through  the  trials  of  the  ballot,  operating 
directly  or  indirectly  on  the  various  departments  of  the  government, 
a  band  of  exceptional  men,  contemptuous  equally  of  that  great 
question  and  of  the  parties  to  the  controversy,  and  impatient  of  the 


THE   JOHN   BROWN    INVASION.  637 

constitutional  system  which  confines  the  citizens  of  every  state  to- 
political  action  by  suffrage,  in  organized  parties  within  their  own 
borders,  inspired  by  an  enthusiasm  peculiar  to  themselves,  and  exas 
perated  by  grievances  and  wrongs  that  some  of  them  had  suffered  by 
inroads  of  armed  propagandists  of  slavery  in  Kansas,  unlawful  as 
their  own  retaliation  was,  attempted  to  subvert  slavery  in  Virginia 
by  conspiracy,  ambush,  invasion  and  force.  The  method  jve  have 
adopted,  of  appealing  to  the  reason  and  judgment  of  the  people^ 
to  be  pronounced  by  suffrage,  is  the  only  one  by  which  free  govern 
ment  can  be  maintained  anywhere,  and  the  only  one  as  yet  devised 
which  is  in  marked  harmony  with  the  spirit  of  the  Christian  religion. 
While  generous  and  charitable  natures  will  probably  concede  that 
John  Brown  and  his  associates  acted  on  earnest  though  fatally  erro 
neous  convictions,  yet  all  good  citizens  will  nevertheless  agree  that 
this  attempt  to  execute  an  unlawful  purpose  in  Virginia  by  invasion, 
involving  servile  war,  was  an  act  of  sedition  and  treason,  and  crimi 
nal  in  just  the  extent  that  it  affected  the  public  peace  and  was-^' 
destructive  of  human  happiness  and  human  life.  /  It  is  a  painful 
reflection  that,  after  so  long  an  experience  of  the  beneficent  working 
of  our  system  as  we  have  enjoyed,  we  have  had  these  new  illustra 
tions  in  Kansas  and  Virginia  of  the  existence  among  us  of  a  class  of 
men  so  misguided  and  so  desperate  as  to  seek  to  enforce  their  peculiar 
principles  by  the  sword,  drawing  after  it  a  need  for  the  further  illus 
tration  by  their  punishment  of  that  great  moral  truth,  especially 
applicable  in  a  republic,  that  they  who  take  up  the  sword  as  a  wea 
pon  of  controversy,  shall  perish  by  the  sword.  In  the  latter  case, 
the  lamented  deaths  of  so  many  citizens,  slain  from  an  ambush  and 
by  surprise — all  the  more  lamentable  because  they  were  innocent 
victims  of  a  frenzy  kindled  without  their  agency,  in  far  distant  fires — 
the  deaths  even  of  the  offenders  themselves,  pitiable,  although  neces 
sary  and  just,  because  they  acted  under  delirium,  which  blinded  their 
judgments  to  the  real  nature  of  their  criminal  enterprise;  the  alarm 
and  consternation  naturally  awakened  throughout  .the  country, 
exciting,  for  the  moment,  the  fear  that  our  whole  system,  with  all  its- 
securities  for  life  and  liberty,  was  coming  to  an  end — a  fear  none  the 
more  endurable  because  continually  aggravated  by  new  chimeras  to 
which  the  great  leading  event  lent  an  air  of  probability  ;  surely  all 
these  constituted  a  sum  of  public  misery,  which  ought  to  have  satis 
fied  the  most  morbid  appetite  for  social  horrors.  But,  as  in  the  case 


€38  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

of  the  gunpowder  plot,  and  the  Salem  witchcraft,  and  the  New  York 
colonial  negro  plot,  so  now  ;  the  original  actors  were  swiftly  followed 
by  another  and  kindred  class,  who  sought  to  prolong  and  widen  the 
public  distress  by  attempting  to  direct  the  indignation  which  it  had 
excited,  against  parties  guiltless  equally  of  complicity  and  of  sympa 
thy  with  the  offenders. 

Posterity  will  decide  in  all  the  recent  cases  where  political  respon 
sibility  for  public  disasters  must  fall ;  and  posterity  will  give  little 
Leed  to  our  interested  instructions.  It  was  not  until  the  gloomy 
reign  of  Domitian  had  ended,  and  liberty  and  virtue  had  found 
assured  refuge  under  the  sway  of  the  milder  Nerva,  that  the  histo 
rian  arose  whose  narrative  of  that  period  of  tyranny  and  terror  has 
been  accepted  by  mankind. 

The  republican  party  being  thus  vindicated  against  the  charge  of 
hostility  to  the  south  which  has  been  offered  in  excuse  for  the 
menaces  of  unconstitutional  resistance  in  the  event  of  its  success,  I 
feel  well  assured  that  it  will  sustain  me  in  meeting  them  in  the 
spirit  of  the  defender  of  the  English  commonwealth  : 

.  "  Surely  they  that  shall  boast  as  we  do  to  be  a  free  nation,  and  having  the 
power,  shall  not  also  have  the  courage  to  remove,  constitutionally,  every  gov 
ernor,  whether  he  be  the  supreme  or  subordinate,  may  please  their  fancy  with  a 
ridiculous  and  painted  freedom,  fit  to  cozen  babies,  but  are,  indeed,  under  tyranny 
and  servitude,  as  wanting  that  power,  which  is  the  root  and  source  of  all  liberty, 
to  dispose  of  and  economize  in  the  land  which  God  hath  given  them,  of  members 
of  family  in  their  own  home  and  free  inheritance.  Without  which  natural  and 
essential  power  of  a  free  nation,  though  bearing  their  heads,  they  can,  in  due 
esteem,  be  thought  no  better  than  slaves  and  vassals  born  in  the  tenure  and  occu 
pation  of  another  inheriting  lord,  whose  government,  though  not  illegal  or  intol 
erable,  hangs  on  them  as  a  lordly  scourge,  not  as  a  free  government." 

The  republican  party  knows,  as  the  whole  country  will  ultimately 
come  to  understand,  that  the  noblest  objects  of  national  life  must 
perish,  if  that  life  itself  shall  be  lost,  and,  therefore,  it  will  accept 
the  issue  tendered.  It  will  take  up  the  word  Union,  which  others 
are  so  willing  to  renounce,  and,  combining  it  with  that  other  glori 
ous  thought,  Liberty,  which  has  been  its  inspiration  so  long,  it  will 
move  firmly  onward,  with  the  motto  inscribed  on  its  banner, 
"  UNION  and  LIBERTY,  come  what  may,  in  victory  as  in  defeat,  in 
power  as  out  of  power,  now  and  forever." 

If  the  republican  party  maintain  the  Union,  who  and  what  party 
is  to  assail  it?  Only  the  democratic  party,  for  there  is  no  other. 


LOYALTY   TO   THE    UNION.  639 

"Will  the  democratic  party  take  up  the  assault  ?  The  menaces  of 
disunion  are  made,  though  not  in  its  name,  jet  in  its  behalf.  It 
must  avow  or  disavow  them.  Its  silence,  thus  far,  is  portentous, 
but  is  not  alarming.  The  effect  of  the  intimidation,  if  successful, 
would  be  to  continue  the  rule  of  the  democratic  party,  though  a 
minority,  by  terror.  It  certainly  ought  to  need  no  more  than  this 
to  secure  the  success  of  the  republican  party.  If,  indeed,  the  time 
has  come  when  the  democratic  party  must  rule  by  terror,  instead  of 
ruling  through  conceded  public  confidence,  then  it  is  quite  certain 
that  it  cannot  be  dismissed  from  power  too  soon.  Ruling  on  that 
odious  principle,  it  could  not  long  save  either  the  constitution  or 
public  liberty.  But  I  shall  not  believe  the  democratic  party  will 
consent  to  stand  in  this  position,  though  it  does,  through  the  action, 
of  its  representatives,  seem  to  cover  and  sustain  those  who  threaten 
disunion.  I  know  the  democracy  of  the  north.  I  know  them  now 
in  their  waning  strength.  I  do  not  know  a  possible  disunionist 
among  them  all.  I  believe  they  will  be  as  faithful  to  the  Union 
now  as  they  were  in  the  bygone  days  when  their  ranks  were  full, 
and  their  challenge  to  the  combat  was  always  the  war-cry  of  victory. 
But,  if  it  shall  prove  otherwise,  then  the  world  will  all  the  sooner 
know  that  every  party  in  this  country  must  stand  on  Union  ground; 
that  the  American  people  will  sustain  no  party  that  is  not  capable 
of  making  a  sacrifice  of  its  ambition  on  the  altar  of  the  country ; 
that  although  a  party  may  have  never  so  much  of  prestige,  and 
never  such  traditional  merit,  yet,  if  it  be  lacking  in  the  one  virtue 
of  loyalty  to  the  Union,  all  its  advantages  will  be  unavailing;  and 
then  obnoxious  as,  through  long-cherished  and  obstinate  prejudices, 
the  republican  party  is  in  the  capital  states,  yet  even  there  it  will 
advance  like  an  army  with  banners,  winning  the  favor  of  the  whole 
people,  and  it  will  be  armed  with  the  national  confidence  and  sup 
port,  when  it  shall  be  found  the  only  party  that  defends  and  main 
tains  the  integrity  of  the  Union. 

Those  who  seek  to  awaken  the  terrors  of  disunion  seem  to  me  to 
have  too  hastily  considered  the  conditions  under  which  they  are  to 
make  their  attempt.  Who  believes  that  a  republican  administration 
and  congress  could  practise  tyranny  under  a  constitution  which 
interposes  so  many  checks  as  ours  ?  Yet  that  tyranny  must  not  only 
be  practised,  but  must  be  intolerable,  and  there  must  be  no  remain- 


640  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

ing  hope  for  constitutional   relief,  before  forcible  resistance  can  find 
ground  to  stand  on  anywhere. 

The  people  of  the  United  States,  acting  in  conformity  with  the 
constitution,  are  the  supreme  tribunal  to  try  and  determine  all  poli 
tical  issues.  They  are  as  competent  to  decide  the  issues  of  to-day  as 
they  have  been  heretofore  to  decide  the  issues  of  other  days.  They 
can  reconsider  hereafter,  and  reverse,  if  need  be,  the  judgment  they 
shall  pronounce  to-day,  as  they  have  more  than  once  reconsidered 
and  reversed  their  judgments  in  former  times.  It  needs  no  revolu 
tion  to  correct  any  error,  or  prevent  any  danger,  under  any  circum 
stances. 

Nor  is  any  new  or  special  cause  for  revolution  likely  to  occur 
under  a  republican  administration.  We  are  engaged  in  no  new 
transaction,  not  even  in  a  new  dispute.  Our  fathers  undertook  a 
great  work  for  themselves,  for  us,  and  for  our  successors — to  erect 
a  free  and  federal  empire,  whose  arches  shall  span  the  North 
American  continent,  and  reflect  the  rays  of  the  sun  throughout  his 
whole  passage  from  the  one  to  the  other  of  the  great  oceans.  They 
erected  thirteen  of  its  columns  all  at  once.  These  are  standing  n.ow,, 
the  admiration  of  mankind.  Their  successors  added  twenty  more  ; 
even  we  who  are  here  have  shaped  and  elevated  three  of  those 
twenty,  and  all  these  are  as  firm  and  steadfast  as  the  first  thirteen ; 
and  more  will  yet  be  necessary  when  we  shall  have  rested  from  our 
labors.  Some  among  us  prefer  for  these  columns  a  composite  mate 
rial  ;-  others  the  pure  white  marble.  Our  fathers  and  our  predecessors 
differed  in  the  same  way,  and  on  the  same  point.  What  execrations 
should  we  not  all  unite  in  pronouncing  on  any  statesman  who  here 
tofore,  from  mere  disappointment  and  disgust  at  being  overruled  in 
his  choice  of  materials  for  any  new  column  then  to  be  quarried, 
should  have  laid  violent  hands  on  the  imperfect  structure,  and 
brought  it  down  to  the  earth,  there  to  remain  a  wreck,  instead  of  a 
citadel  of  a  world's  best  hopes  ! 

I  remain  now  in  the  opinion  I  have  uniformly  expressed  here  and 
elsewhere,  that  these  hasty  threats  of  disunion  are  so  unnatural  that 
they  will  find  no  hand  to  execute  them.  We  are  of  one  race,  lan 
guage,  liberty  and  faith,  engaged,  indeed,  in  varied  industry ;  but 
even  that  industry,  so  diversified,  brings  us  into  more  intimate  rela 
tions  with  each  other  than  any  other  people,  however  homogeneous, 
and  though  living  under  a  consolidated  government,  ever  maintained. 


LOYALTY   TO  THE   UNION.  641 

We  languish  throughout,  if  one  joint  of  our  federal  frame  is  smitten  * 
while  it  is  certain  that  a  part  dissevered  must  perish.  You  may 
refine  as  you  please  about  the  structure  of  the  government,  and  say 
that  it  is  a  compact,  and  that  a  breach,  by  one  of  the  states  or  by 
congress,  of  any  one  article,  absolves  all  the  members  from  allegi 
ance,  and  that  the  states  may  separate  when  they  have,  or  fancy 
they  have,  cause  for  war.  But  once  try  to  subvert  it,  and  you  will 
find  that  it  is  a  government  of  the  whole  people — as  individuals,  as 
well  as  a  compact  of  states ;  that  every  individual  member  of  the 
body  politic  is  conscious  of  his  interest  and  power  in  it,  and  knows 
that  he  will  be  helpless,  powerless,  hopeless,  when  it  shall  have  gone 
down.  Mankind  have  a  natural  right,  a  natural  instinct,  and  a  natu 
ral  capacity  for  self-government;  and  when,  as  here,  they  are  suf 
ficiently  ripened  by  culture,  they  will  and  must  have  self-government, 
and  no  other.  The  framers  of  our  constitution,  with  a  wisdom  that 
surpassed  all  previous  understanding  among  men,  adapted  it  to  these 
inherent  elements  of  human  nature.  He  strangely,  blindly,  misun 
derstands  the  anatomy  of  the  great  system  who  thinks  that  its  only 
bonds,  or  even  its  strongest  ligaments,  are  the  written  compact  or 
even  the  multiplied  and  thoroughly  ramified  roads  and  thoroughfares, 
of  trade,  commerce  and  social  intercourse.  These  are  strong  indeed - 
but  its  chiefest  instruments  of  cohesion — those  which  render  it  in 
separable  and  indivisible — are  the  millions  of  fibres  of  millions  of 
contented,  happy  human  hearts,  binding  by  their  affections,  their 
ambitions  and  their  best  hopes,  equally  the  high  and  the  low,  the 
rich  and  the  poor,  the  wise  and  the  unwise,  the  learned  and  the  untu 
tored,  even  the  good  and  the  bad,  to  a  government,  the  first,  the  last, 
and  the  only  such  one  that  has  ever  existed,  which  takes  equal  heed 
always  of  their  wants,  their  wishes  and  their  opinions;  and  appeals- 
to  them  all,  individually,  once  in  a  year,  or  two  years,  or  at  least  irn 
four  years,  for  their  expressed  consent  and  renewal,  without  which, 
it  must  cease.  No ;  go  where  you  will,  and  to  what  class  you  mayr 
with  commissions  for  your  fatal  service  in  one  hand,  and  your 
bounty  counted  by  the  hundred  or  the  thousand  pieces  of  silver  in 
the  other,  a  thousand  resisters  will  rise  up  for  every  recruit  you  can 
engage.  On  the  banks  equally  of  the  St.  Lawrence  and  of  the  Rio 
Grande,  on  the  Atlantic  and  the  Pacific  coasts,  on  the  shores  of  the 
gulf  of  Mexico,  and  in  the  delves  of  the  Rocky  mountains,  among 
the  fishermen  on  the  banks  of  Newfoundland,  the  weavers  ancE 
VOL.  IV.  81 


642  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

spinners  of  Massachusetts,  the  stevedores  of  New  York,  the  miners 
of  Pennsylvania,  Pike's  Peak  and  California,  the  wheat-growers  of 
Indiana,  the  cotton  and  the  sugar  planters  on  the  Mississippi,  among 
the  voluntary  citizens  from  every  other  land,  not  less  than  the  native 
born,  the  Christian  and  the  Jew,  among  the  Indians  on  the  prairies, 
the  contumacious  Mormons  in  Deseret,  the  Africans  free,  the  Afri 
cans  in  bondage,  the  inmates  of  hospitals  and  alms-houses,  and  even 
the  criminals  in  the  penitentiaries,  rehearse  the  story  of  your  wrongs 
and  their  own,  never  so  eloquently  and  never  so  mournfully,  and 
appeal  to  them  to  rise.  They  will  ask  you,  "  Is  this  all  ?"  "  Are 
you  more  just  than  Washington,  wiser  than  Hamilton,  more  humane 
than  Jefferson?"  "What  new  form  of  government  or  of  union 
have  you  the  power  to  establish,  or  even  the  cunning  to  devise,  that 
will  be  more  just,  more  safe,  more  free,  more  gentle,  more  benefi 
cent,  or  more  glorious  than  this?"  And  by  these  simple  interroga 
tories  you  will  be  silenced  and  confounded. 

We  are  perpetually  forgetting  this  subtle  and  complex,  yet  obvious 
and  natural  mechanism  of  our  constitution;  and  because  we  do  for 
get  it,  we  are  continually  wondering  how  it  is  that  a  confederacy  of 
thirty  and  more  states,  covering  regions  so  vast,  and  regulating 
interests  so  various  of  so  many  millions  of  men,  constituted  and 
conditioned  so  diversely,  works  right  on.  We  are  continually  look 
ing  to  see  it  stop  and  stand  still,  or  fall  suddenly  into  pieces.  But, 
in  truth,  it  will  not  stop  ;  it  cannot  stop ;  it  was  made  not  to  stop, 
but  to  keep  in  motion — in  motion  always,  and  without  force.  For 
my  own  part,  as  this  wonderful  machine,  when  it  had  newly  come 
from  the  hands  of  its  almost  divine  inventors,  was  the  admiration 
of  my  earlier  years,  although  it  was  then  but  imperfectly  known 
abroad,  so  now,  when  it  forms  the  central  figure  in  the  economy  of 
the  world's  civilization,  and  the  best  sympathies  of  mankind  favor 
its  continuance,  I  expect  that  it  will  stand  and  work  right  on  until 
men  shall  fear  its  failure  no  more  than  we  now  apprehend  that  the 
sun  will  cease  to  hold  his  eternal  place  in  the  heavens. 

Nevertheless,  I  do  not  expect  to  see  this  purely  popular  though 
majestic  system  always  working  on  unattended  by  the  presence  and 
exhibition  of  human  temper  and  human  passions.  That  would  be 
to  expect  to  enjoy  rewards,  benefits  and  blessings,  without  labor, 
care  and  watchfulness — an  expectation  contrary  to  divine  appoint 
ment.  These  are  the  discipline  of  the  American  citizen,  and  he 


THE    UNION   EVERLASTING.  643 

must  inure  himself  to  it.  When,  as  now,  a  great  policy,  fastened 
upon  the  country  through  its  doubts  and  fears,  confirmed  by  its 
habits,  and  strengthened  by  personal  interests  and  ambitions,  is  to 
be  relaxed  and  changed,  in  order  that  the  nation  may  have  its  just 
and  natural  and  free  developments,  then,  indeed,  all  the  winds  of 
controversy  are  let  loose  upon  us  from  all  points  of  the  political 
compass — we  see  objects  and  men  only  through  mazes,  mists,  and 
doubtful  and  lurid  lights.  The  earth  seems  to  be  heaving  under  our 
feet,  and  the  pillars  of  the  noble  fabric  that  protects  us  to  be  trem 
bling  before  our  eyes.  But  the  appointed  end  of  all  this  agitation 
comes  at  last,  and  always  seasonably;  the  tumults  of  the  people 
subside ;  the  country  becomes  calm  once  more ;  and  then  we  find 
that  only  our  senses  have  been  disturbed,  and  that  they  have  betrayed 
us.  The  earth  is  firm  as  always  before,  and  the  wonderful  struc 
ture,  for  whose  safety  we  have  feared  so  anxiously,  now  more  firmly 
fixed  than  ever,  still  stands  unmoved,  enduring  and  immovable. 


NOTE — THE  STATE  OF  THE  COUNTRY  IN  1856. — In  1855-6  the  state  of  the 
country  was  hardly  less  disturbed  than  in  1860-1.  Threats  of  rebellion  and 
secession  abounded  in  congress  and  in  the  southern  states.  The  following  extract 
is  from  a  speech  made  by  Mr.  Seward  in  the  senate  March  12,  1856 : 

"  My.own  idea  *s>  th&t  there  is  no  necessity  for  violence  or  civil^war ;  and  that^ 
if  prudence~an^'1iioderation  be  exercised  in  copgre8Sr  this  great  question,  like  all 
others,  will  finally  reach  its  settlement  without  disturbing  the  peace  of  the 
country,  or  endangering  the  safety  of  the  Union ;  but,  at  the  same  time,  it  is  not 
conducive  to~such  a  settlement  of  it  to  add  anything  more  to  the  terrors  which 
impend  over  the  settlers  in  Kansas.  I  suppose,  from  what  I  hear  in  these  reports, 
that  the  people  of  Kansas  will  be  here  as  a  free  state,  and  will  appear  by  senators 
in  congress  authorized  to  present  their  constitution.  When  they  come  it  will  be 
a  question  to  be  settled  here,  and  not  elsewhere.  Let  me  say,  by  way  of  caution, 
that  he  was  a  wise  man  who  remarked  that  '  it  is  the  misfortune  of  mankind  that 
just  on  those  occasions  on  which  the  greatest  calmness  and  reason  are  most  neces 
sary,  those  are  just  the  occasions  on  which  calmness  and  reason  are  most  likely  to 
be  forgotten.'  For  my  own  part,  I  propose  to  remain  cool — to  meet  this  question 
here,  in  this  place,  on  its  own  merits ;  and,  if  I  can,  to  secure  the  admission  of 
the  state  of  Kansas  into  this  Union  under  the  constitution  which  she  has  adopted, 
and  which  she  is  preparing  to  submit  for  our  acceptance." 

NOTE  TO  PAGE  637.  — John  Brown.     Alexander  Hamilton  said  of  Andre  :  "  Never, 
perhaps,  did  any  man  suffer  death  with  more  justice  or  deserve  it  less."    Ed. 


SECESSION 

NOTE — THE  NEW  ENGLAND  DINNER. — The  annual  festival  of  the  New  England 
society  of  New  York  was  held  at  the  Astor  House  on  the  evening  of  the  21st  of 
December,  1860.  Mr.  Seward  had  declined  a  courteous  invitation  to  the  dinner 
and  his  letter  of  declination  had  been  read  at  the  table.  Happening,  however,  to 
arrive  at  the  Astor  House  about  eleven  o'clock  that  evening  on  a  hurried  return 
from  Auburn  to  Washington,  he  was  literally  forced  into  the  company  as  they 
were  about  to  break  up.  The  secession  movements  in  the  south  occupied  the 
thoughts  of  everybody.  Mr.  Seward  had  reasons  for  prudence  and  even  reticence 
which  were  unknown  to  the  public.  His  speech  excited  the  deepest  interest. 
Although  not  made  in  the  senate  it  properly  finds  a  place  here  in  connection  with 
those  delivered  in  that  body  on  the  same  subject. 

THESE  are  extraordinary  times,  and  extraordinary  events  are 
transpiring  in  our  day,  and  it  was  men  of  New  England,  who  lived 
in  a  period  only  two  or  three  times  as  long  ago  as  the  length  of  the 
life  I  have  lived,  I  remember  that  these  men  of  New  England  in 
vented  the  greatest  political  discovery  of  the  world — a  confederation 
of  republican  states  in  America.  The  first  confederation  of  republican 
states  in  America,  was  the  invention  of  men  of  New  England.  The 
great  discovery  after  having  been  in  successful  operation  through  many 
years  in  the  colonies  of  Massachusetts  Bay  and  Plymouth,  and  Con 
necticut  and  New  Haven,  and  after  having  been  sanctioned  by  the 
wisdom  and  experience  of  Dr.  Franklin — came  ultimately  to  be 
adopted  by  the  people  of  the  thirteen  British  colonies  of  this  conti 
nent  south  of  the  river  St.  Lawrence.  It  has  been  reserved  for  our 
day  and  for  this  very  hour  to  witness  an  invention  of  another  kind 
— of  an  opposite  nature — by  a  portion  of  our  countrymen  residing 
south  of  the  Potomac. 

The  Yankees  invented  confederation — the  people  of  South  Caro 
lina  have  invented  secession.  The  wisdom  of  the  latter  is  to  be  tried 
against  the  experience  of  the  former.  At  first  glance  it  exhibits  this 
singularly  anomaly — a  state  which  has,  in  the  senate  of  the  United 
States,  two  seats,  a  state  consisting  of  seven  hundred  thousand  peo- 


SECESSION.  645 

pie  of  all  conditions,  and  of  whom  two  hundred  and  seventy-four 
thousand  are  white,  having  two  seats  in  the  senate  of  the  United 
States,  equal  to  the  representation  of  any  other  state  in  the  Union, 
and  having  six  members  in  the  house  of  representatives,  each  of 
them  paid  three  thousand  dollars  a  year  out  of  a  treasury  to  which 
they  contribute  a  very  small  part — going  out  of  the  Union  to  stand 
by  itself,  and  to  send  to  the  congress  of  the  United  States  three  com 
missioners,  to  stand  outside  of  the  bar  and  negotiate  for  their  inte 
rests,  and  be  paid  by  themselves,  instead  of  two  senators  and  six 
representatives  in  congress — equal  members  with  all  the  representa 
tives  in  the  confederacy.  This  is  the  experiment  which  is  to  be 
tried.  Whether  states  of  North  America  will  find  it  wise  to  refuse 
to  occupy  seats  within  the  halls  of  congress  of  the  United  States,  to 
be  paid  by  the  United  States  for  going  there,  and  to  exercise  the 
powers  conferred  upon  them  as  such  representatives,  or  in  lieu  of 
that  send  commissioners  to  present  their  claims,  will  be  seen  in  the 
sequel.  This  is  the  latest  political  invention  of  the  times.  I  must 
•say  to  you  that  I  do  not  think  it  is  likely  to  be  followed  by  many 
other  states  on  this  continent,  or  to  be  persevered  in  long,  because  it 
is  manifestly  very  much  inferior  to  the  system  which  already  exists. 
The  state  of  South  Carolina  desires  to  go  out  of  the  Union,  and 
just  at  the  moment  I  am  going  back  to  Washington  for  the  purpose 
of  admitting  Kansas  in.  I  venture  to  say  further  that  for  every 
state  on  this  continent  which  will  go  out  of  the  Union  and  stay  out, 
there  stand  ready  at  least  two  states  on  this  continent  of  North 
America  who  will  be  glad  to  come  in,  and  take  their  places  with  us. 
They  will  do  so  for  this  simple  reason,  that  every  state  on  this  con 
tinent  must  be  a  democratic  or  republican  state.  You  gentlemen 
from  New  England  don't  like  to  hear  the  word  democratic  always, 
therefore  I  use  the  word  republican.  No  republican  state  on  this 
continent,  or  any  other,  can  stand  alone ;  and  the  reason  is  a  simple 
one.  So  much  liberty,  so  much  individual  independence,  so  much 
scope  for  rivalry  and  emulation,  are  too  much  of  freedom  for  any 
one  state,  standing  singly,  to  maintain.  Therefore,  it  is,  as  you  have 
seen,  that  the  moment  it  was  thought  there  was  to  be  a  break  in  this 
great  national  confederacy,  you  began  to  hear  at  once  of  secession, 
not  only  in  South  Carolina,  but  also  in  California — secession  in  New 
England,  and  last,  the  secession  of  New  York  city  and  Long  Island 
from  the  state  of  New  York.  Admit  the  right  to  dissolve  this 


646  SPEECH   AT   THE   NEW   ENGLAND   DINNER. 

American  Union,  and  there  is  no  one  state  winch  may  not  choose 
new  associations  for  either  advantage  or  safety.  Renewing  perpetu 
ally  the  principles  of  secession,  we  shall  go  on  until  we  are  brought 
into  the  condition  of  the  people  of  Central  America. 

Eepublican  states  are  like  sheaves  in  the  harvest  field ;  put  them 
up  singly  and  they  are  liable  to  be  blown  down  by  every  gust  of 
wind.  Stack  them  together  and  they  defy  the  fiercest  storms;/ and 
so  you.  have  seen  that  these  thirteen  republican  states  fell  under  the 
conviction,  severally,  that  they  could  not  stand  alone,  and  so  the 
thirteen  came  together.  What  under  Heaven  kept  the  •  state  of 
Michigan,  the  states  of  Illinois,  Indiana,  Wisconsin,  Iowa,  Louisiana 
— what  kept  each  of  these  states  from  setting  up  in  themselves  state 
independence.  Nothing,  but  the  conviction  that  no  one  could  stand 
alone,  and  so  each  claimed  the  right  to  be  united  to  the  other  repub 
lican  states  of  this  continent.  So  it  was  with  Texas.  She  was 
independent — why  did  she  not  remain  so  ?  You  know  how  much 
it  tried  us  to  admit  her  into  the  Union,  but  it  tried  her  much  harder 
to  stay  out  so  long.  Why  is  not  Kansas  content  to  remain  out  ? 
Simply  because  of  the  sympathy  and  interest  which  require  that  all 
republican  states  on  this  continent  shall  be  one.  Let  South  Carolina, 
Alabama,  Louisiana,  or  any  other  state  go  out,  and  while  she  is 
rushing  out  you  will  see  Canada  and  all  the  Mexican  states  attempt 
ing  to  rush  in.  It  is  the  system  discovered  by  our  fathers — it  is  all 
concentrated  in  those  three  words,  " E  Pluribus  Unum"  There  is 
no  such  thing  as  one  separated  from  the  many  in  republican  states. 

And  now  one  word  concerning  the  anomalous  condition  of  our 
affairs — produced  by  this  frenzy  of  some  of  the  American  states  to- 
secede  from  the  Union.  It  has  taken  the  American  people  and  the 
world  by  surprise  ?  Why  has  it  taken  them  so'  by  surprise  ?  Only 
because  it  is  unwise  and  unnatural.  It  is  wise  that  all  the  republi 
can  states  of  this  continent  should  be  confederated.  It  is  unwise 
that  any  of  them  should  attempt  to  separate,  and  yet  it  ought  not 
to  have  taken  us  by  surprise.  Whoever  could  have  imagined  that 
a  machine  so  complicated,  so  vast,  so  new,  untried  as  this  confedera 
ted  system  of  republican  states,  should  be  exempt  from  the  common 
lot  of  states  which  have  figured  in  the  history  of  the  world  ?  A 
more  complex  system  of  political  government  was  never  devised, 
never  conceived,  among  men.  How  strange  it  is,  how  unreasonable 
it  is,  that  we  should  be  surprised  that  a  pin  may  occasionally  drop 


SECESSION.  647 

out  of  this  machinery,  and  that  the  wheels  shall  drag,  or  that  the 
gudgeon  shall  be  worn,  until  the  wheels  themselves  shall  cease  to 
play  with  their  regular  activity.  What  human  society  was  ever 
exempted  from  the  experience  of  a  necessity  of  repairing  its  political 
system  of  government  for  more  than  a  period  of  seventy  }^ears  ? 
We  have  tried  it  in  our  state.  Every  state  in  this  Union  is  just 
like  the  federal  government.  No  state  is  more  than  seventy  years 
old,  and  there  i.s  not  any  one  state  of  this  Union  with  a  constitution 
which  is  more  than  twenty-five  years  old — every  state  has  repaired 
and  remodeled  its  constitution  once  in  every  twenty-five  years,  and 
it  is  not  certain  that  any  one  state  can  adopt  a  constitution  which 
will  last  more  than  twenty-five  years  without  being  repaired  and 
restored.  But  in  our  own  state  the  constitution  adopted  about 
twenty-five  years  ago,  contains  a  provision,  tbat  in  1866,  without  any 
special  appeal  to  the  people  whatever,  a  convention  shall  come 
together  in  the  state  of  New  York,  to  make  a  new  constitution.  I.s 
it  strange,  then,  that  this  complex  system  of  our  government  should 
be  found  to  work  after  the  lapse  of  seventy  years  a  little  roughly, 
and  that  it  requires  that  the  engineer  should  look  into  the  various 
parts  of  the  engine,  and  see  where  the  gudgeon  is  worn  out,  and 
watch  that  the  main  wheel  is  kept  in  motion  ?  A  child  can  draw  a. 
pin  from  the  mightiest  engine,  and  arrest  its  motion,  and  the  engineer 
cannot  see  it  when  it  is  being  done,  but  if  the  engine  be  rightly 
devised,  and  strongly  constructed,  he  has  only  to  see  where  the  pin 
has  been  withdrawn  and  replace  it,  and  the  engine  will  go  on  more 
strongly  and  more  vigorously  than  ever.  We  are  a  family  of  thirty- 
three  states,  and  next  Monday  I  hope  we  are  to  be  a  family  of 
thirty-four. 

Would  it  not  be  strange  if  in  a  family  of  thirty-four  members 
there  should  be,  once  in  the  course  of  a  few  years,  one,  or  two,  or 
three,  or  four,  of  the  members  of  the  family  who  would  become  dis 
contented  and  wish  to  withdraw  for  a  while  to  see  how  much  better 
they  can  manage  their  own  fortunes  alone.  I  think  nothing  strange 
of  that.  I  only  wonder  that  nobody  has  ever  withdrawn  before,  to 
see  how  much  better  they  could  get  along  on  their  own  hooks,  than 
to  go  along  in  this  plain  old-fashioned  way  under  the  direction  of 
Uncle  Sam.  Massachusetts,  and  some  of  the  New  England  states, 
they  say,  when  I  was  a  boy,  got  the  same  idea  of  contumacy  toward 
the  common  parent  and  want  of  affection  for  the  whole  family,  and 


648  SPEECH   AT   THE   NEW    ENGLAND   DINNER. 

they  got  up  the  "Hartford  Convention."  I  hope  you  don't  consider 
that  personal.  Well,  they  say  that  somebody  in  Massachusetts,  T 
don't  know  who,  tried  it.  All  that  I  know  is,  that  for  the  first 
twenty  years  of  my  political  life,  somehow  or  other,  I  was  held 
responsible  for  the  Hartford  Convention. 

I  have  made  this  singular  discovery,  that  whereas,  when  Massa 
chusetts,  or  any  New  England  state,  threatens  to  go  out  of  the  Union, 
the  democratic  party  all  insist  that  it  is  high  treason,  and  ought  to 
be  punished  by  coercion,  while,  when  one  of  the  southern  states  gets 
hold  of  the  same  idea,  the  same  party  think  it  excusable,  and  that  it 
'is  very  doubtful  whether  they  ought  not  to  be  helped  out  of  the 
Union,  and  be  given  a  good  dowry  besides.  Now,  I  believe,  among 
all  the  truths,  that,  whether  it  is  Massachusetts  or  South  Carolina 
or  whether  it  is  New  York  or  Louisiana,  it  will  turn  out  exactly  the 
same  way  in  every  case — that  there  is  no  such  thing  in  the  book — 
no  such  thing  in  reason — no  such  thing  in  philosophy — no  such 
thing  in  nature,  as  any  state  existing  on  the  continent  of  North 
America,  long  out  of  the  United  States  of  America.  Don't  believe 
a  word  of  it — I  don't  believe  it  for  many  reasons — some  I  have 
named,  and  for  one,  I  don't  see  any  other  good  reason  given  for  it. 
The  best  reason  I  hear  is,  that  the  people  of  some  of  the  southern 
states  hate  us  of  the  free  states  very  badly,  and  they  say  that  we 
hate  them,  and  that  all  love  is  lost  between  us.  I  don't  believe  a 
word  of  that. 

On  the  other  hand,  I  do  know  for  myself,  and  for  you,  that  bating 
some  differences  of  opinion  about  advantage,  and  about  proscription, 
and  about  freedom  and  slavery,  and  all  that,  they  are  merely  family 
differences,  concerning  which  we  do  not  take  any  outsiders  in  any 
part  of  the  world  into  our  counsel  on  either  side.  There  is  not  a 
state  outside  of  the  American  Union  that  I  like  half  so  well  as  I  do 
the  state  of  South  Carolina — neither  England,  nor  Ireland,  nor  Scot 
land,  nor  France,  nor  even  Turkey,  although  from  Turkey  they  have 
sent  me  some  Arabian  horses,  while  from  South  Carolina  they  send 
me  nothing  but  curses,  still  I  like  South  Carolina  better  than  any  of 
them.  I  do  not  know  but  I  have  a  presumption  about  it.  I  do  believe 
if  there  was  anybody  to  overhear  the  state  of  South  Carolina  when 
she  is  talking  to  herself,  that  she  would  confess  she  likes  us  tolera 
bly  well ;  and  I  am  very  sure  that  if  anybody  was  to  make  a  descent 
upon  New  York  to-morrow — whether  Louis  Napoleon,  or  the  prince 


SECESSION.  649 

or  his  mother,  or  the  emperor  of  Russia  or  Austria — If  either  of 
them  were  to  make  a  descent  upon  the  city  of  New  York  to-mor 
row,  I  believe  all  the  hills  of  South  Carolina  would  pour  forth  their 
population  to  the  rescue  of  New  York.  God  knows  how  this  may 
be,  or  when  the  present  excitement  may  end.  I  do  not  pretend  to 
know,  I  only  conjecture ;  but  this  I  do  know,  that  if  any  one  of 
these  powers  were  to  make  a  descent  upon  Charleston  and  South. 
Carolina,  I  know  who  would  go  to  their  rescue.  We  would  all  go. 
We  all  know  that ;  everybody  knows  that :  therefore  they  do  not 
humbug  me  with  their  secession.  I  do  not  think  they  will  humbug 
you,  and  I  do  not  believe  that  if  they  do  not  humbug  you  or  me, 
that  they  will  succeed  very  long  in  humbugging  themselves. 

Now,  this  is  the  ultimate  result  of  all  this  business.  These  states 
were  always  intended  to  remain  together.  They  always  shall.  Talk 
of  taking  one  star  out  of  this  glorious  constellation  !  It  is  something 
which  cannot  be  done.  I  do  not  see  any  fewer  stars  now  than  I  did 
last  winter ;  on  the  contrary,  I  expect  to  see  more.  The  question 
then  is,  when  at  this  time  people  are  struggling  under  a  delusion  that 
they  are  getting  out  of  the  Union,  and  going  to  set  up  for  them 
selves,  what  are  we  to  do  in  order  to  hold  them  in?  I  do  not  know 
any  better  rule  than  the  rule  which  every  good  New  England  man, 
I  suppose,  though  I  have  not  much  acquaintance  with  New  England 
— every  father  of  a  family  in  New  York,  who  is  a  sensible  man — I 
suppose  New  England  fathers  do  the  same  thing — the  rule  which 
they  practise.  It  is  this — if  a  good  man  wishes  to  keep  his  family 
together  it  is  the  easiest  thing  in  the  world.  When  one  gets  discon 
tented,  begins  to  quarrel,  to  complain,  does  his  father  quarrel  with 
him,  tease  him,  threaten  him,  coerce  him?  No;  that  is  just  the 
way  to  get  rid  of  a  family. 

But,  on  the  other  hand,  if  you  wish  to  keep  them  together,  you 
tiave  only  one  thing  to  do — to  be  patient,  kind,  forbearing,  and  wait 
until  they  come  to  reflect  for  themselves.  The  south  is  to  us  what 
the  wife  is  to  the  husband.  I  do  not  know  a  man  in  the  world  who 
cannot  get  rid  of  his  wife  if  he  tries  to  do  so.  I  can  put  him  in  the 
way  to  do  it  at  once.  He  has  only  two  things  to  do — one  is  to  be 
unfaithful  to  her,  the  other  is  to  be  out  of  temper  with  her,  and  she 
will  be  glad  to  leave  him.  That  is  the  most  simple  way.  I  do  not 
know  a  man  on  earth — I  do  not  think  but  that  even  Socrates  could 
have  got  rid  of  his  wife  if  he  desired  to  do  so,  in  this  way ;  but  if 
VOL.  IV.  82 


650  SPEECH   AT   THE   NEW    ENGLAND   DINNER. 

he  wished  to  keep  his  wife,  he  must  keep  his  virtue  and  his  temper 
also. 

In  all  this  business,  I  propose  that  we  should  keep  our  own  virtue, 
which  in  politics  consists  in  remembering  that  men  must  differ — that 
brethren,  even  of  the  same  family,  must  differ,  and  that  if  we  keep 
entirely  cool,  and  entirely  calm,  and  entirely  kind,  a  debate  will 
ensue,  which  will  be  kind  of  itself,  and  it  will  prove  to  us  very  soon 
that  either  we  are  wrong,  and  should  make  concessions  to  our  offended 
brothers,  or  else  that  we  are  right,  and  they  will  acquiesce,  and  come 
back  into  fraternal  relations  with  us. 

I  do  not  desire  to  anticipate  any  questions.  We  have  a  great 
many  statesmen  who  assume  to  know  at  once  what  the  south  pro 
poses  to  do;  what  the  government  proposes  to  do;  whether  they 
intend  to  coerce  our  southern  brethren  back  into  their  allegiance. 
Then  they  ask  us,  of  course,  as  they  may  rightly  do,  what  will  be 
the  value  of  a  fraternity  which  is  compulsory  ?  All  I  have  to  say 
on  that  subject  is,  that  it  was  so  long  time  ago  as  in  the  days  of  Mr. 
Thomas  More,  when  he  made  the  discovery,  and  so  announced  it  in 
his  writings,  "  that  there  are  a  great  many  school-masters,  but  very 
few  who  know  how  to  instruct  children,  and  a  great  many  who  know 
how  to  whip  them." 

I  propose  to  have  no  questions  on  that  subject — to  hear  their  com 
plaints — redress  them  if  we  can,  and  expect  them  to  be  withdrawn 
if  they  are  unreasonable.  I  know  that  the  necessities  which  cre 
ated  this  Union  are  stronger  to-day  than  they  were  when  the  Union 
was  cemented,  and  that  those  necessities  are  as  enduring  as  the  pas 
sions  of  man  are  short-lived  and  evanescent. 


NOTE.— See  speech  in  state  senate  January  10,  1834,  Vol.  I.,  p.  16;  do  United  States  senate 
March  11, 1850,  Vol.  I.,  pp.  81-89 ;  address  at  Auburn  July  4, 1825,  Vol.  III.,  p.  193;  speech  Octo 
ber,  1844,  Vol.  III.,  pp.  245  and  267;  letter  May,  1845,  Vol.  III.,  p.  440,  &c.,  &c. 


THE  STATE  OF  THE  UNION.1 

CONGRESS  adjourned  last  summer  amid  auspices  of  national  abun 
dance,  contentment,  tranquillity  and  happiness.  It  has  reassembled 
this  winter  in  the  presence  of  derangement  of  business  and  disturb 
ance  of  public  as  well  as  private  credit,  and  in  the  face  of  seditious 
combinations  to  overthrow  the  Union.  The  alarm  is  appalling;  for 
Union  is  not  more  the  body  than  Liberty  is  the  soul  of  the  nation. 
The  American  citizen  has  been  accustomed  to  believe  the  republic 
immortal.  He  shrinks  from  the  sight  of  convulsions  indicative  of 
its  sudden  death.  The  report  of  our  condition  has  gone  over  the 
seas,  and  we  who  have  so  long  and  with  much  complacency  studied 
the  endless  agitations  of  society  in  the  Old  World,  believing  ourselves 
exempt  from  such  disturbances,  now,  in  our  turn,  seem  to  be  falling 
into  a  momentous  and  disastrous  revolution. 

I  know  how  difficult  it  is  to  decide,  amid  so  many  and  so  various 
counsels,  what  ought  to  be  and  even  what  can  be  done.  Certainly, 
however,  it  is  time  for  every  senator  to  declare  himself.  I,  therefore, 
following  the  example  of  the  noble  senator  from  Tennessee  [Mr. 
JOHNSON],  avow  my  adherence  to  the  Union  in  its  integrity  and  with 
all  its  parts,  with  my  friends,  with  my  party,  with  my  state,  with  my 
country,  or  without  either,  as  they  may  determine ;  in  every  event, 
whether  of  peace  or  of  war ;  with  every  consequence  of  honor  or 
dishonor,  of  life  or  death.  Although  I  lament  the  occasion,  I  hail 
with  cheerfulness  the  duty  of  lifting  up  my  voice  among  distracted 
debates,  for  my  whole  country  and  its  inestimable  Union. 

Hitherto  the  exhibitions  of  spirit  and  resolution  here,  as  elsewhere, 
have  been  chiefly  made  on  the  side  of  disunion.  I  do  not  regret  this. 
Disunion  is  so  unnatural  that  it  must  plainly  reveal  itself  before  its 
presence  can  be  realized.  I  like  best,  also,  the  courage  that  rises 
slowly  under  the  pressure  of  severe  provocation.  If  it  be  a  Christian 
duty  to  forgive  to  the  stranger  even  seventy  times  seven  offenses,  it 

i  Speech  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  January  12,  1861. 


652  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

is  the  highest  patriotism  to  endure  without  complaint  the  passionate 
waywardness  of  political  brethren  so  long  as  there  is  hope  that  they 
may  come  to  a  better  mind. 

I  think  it  is  easy  to  pronounce  what  measures  or  conduct  will  not 
save  the  Union.  I  agree  with  the  honorable  senator  from  North 
Carolina  [Mr.  CLTNGMAN],  that  mere  eulogiurns  will  not  save  it.  Yet 
I  think  that  as  prayer  brings  us  nearer  to  God,  though  it  cannot 
move  Him  toward  us,  so  there  is  healing  and  saving  virtue  in  every 
word  of  devotion  to  the  Union  that  is  spoken,  and  in  every  sigh  that 
its  danger  draws  forth.  I  know,  at  least,  that,  like  truth,  it  dt  rives 
strength  from  every  irreverent  act  that  is  committed,  and  every  blas 
phemous  phrase  that  is  uttered  against  it. 

The  Union  cannot  be^ved  by  mutual  criminationsconcernin^  our 
jesj^ectiye  shares  of  responsibility  for  them  present  evils.  He  whose 
conscience  acquits  him  will  naturally  be  slow  to  accuse  others  whose 
•cooperation  he  needs.  History  only  can  adjust  that  great  account. 

A  continuance  of  the  debate  on  the  constitutional  power  of  con 
gress  over  the  subject  of  slavery  in  the  territories,  will  not  save  the 
Union.  The  opinions  of  parties  and  sections  on  that  question,  have 
become  dogmatical,  and  it  is  this  circumstance  that  has  produced  the 
existing  alienation.  A  truce,  at  least  during  the  debate  on  the 
Union,  is  essential  to  reconciliation. 

cannot  be  saved  by  proving  that  secession  i 


unconstitutional.  Persons  bent  on  that  fearful  step  will  not  stand 
long  enough  on  forms  of  law  to  be  dislodged  ;  and  loyal  men  do  not 
need  such  narrow  ground  to  stand  upon. 

I    fear  that  Tjttjp.  ^rnnrp^will  Jy  gnippH  froni  djy»-ii88Jng  the  right  of 

the  federal  government  to  coerce  seceding  states  into  obedience.  Tf 
disunion  is  to  go  on,  this  question  will  give  place  to  the  more  prac 
tical  one,  whether  many  seceding  states  have  a  right  to  coerce  the 
remaining  members  to  acquiesce  in  a  dissolution. 

I  dread,  as  in  my  innernjK)sX^oulJabhor,  civilw^r,  I  do  not  know 
"what  theUmon  would  be  worth  if  savKihy  the  use  of  the  sword. 
Yet  for  all  this,  I  do  not  agree  with  those  who,  with  a  desire  to  avert 
that  great  calamity,  advise  a  conventional  or  unopposed  separation, 
with  a  view  to  what  they  call  a  reconstruction.  It  is  enough  for  me, 
first,  that  in  this  plan,  destruction  goes  before  reconstruction  ;  and 
secondly,  that  the  strength  of  the  vase  in  which  the  hopes  of  the 
nation  are  held,  consists  chief!  v  in  its  remaining  unbroken. 


THE   STATE   OF   THE    UNION.  655 

Congressional  compromises  are  not  likely  to  save  the^  Union.  I 
know,  indeed,  that  tradition  favors  tins  form  of  remedy.  But  it  is 
essential  to  its  success,  in  any  case,  that  there  be  found  a  preponder 
ating  mass  of  citizens,  so  far  neutral  on  the  issue  which  separates 
parties,  that  they  can  intervene,  strike  down  clashing  weapons,  and 
compel  an  accommodation.  Moderate  concessions  are  not  customarily 
asked  by  a  force  with  its  guns  in  battery  ;  nor  are  liberal  concessions 
apt  to  be  given  by  an  opposing  force  not  less  confident  of  its  own 
right  and  its  own  strength.  I  think,  also,  that  there  is  a  prevailing 
conviction  that  legislative  compromises  which  sacrifice  honestly  cher 
ished  principles,  while  they  anticipate  future  exigencies,  even  if  they 
do  not  assume  extra-constitutional  powers,  are  less  sure  to  avert  immi 
nent  evils  than  they  are  certain  to  produce  ultimately  even  greater 
dangers. 

Indeed,  I  think  it  will  be  wise  to  discard  two  prevalent  ideas  or 
prejudices,  namely  :  first,  that  the  Union  is  to  be  saved  by  somebody 
in  particular;  and  secondly,  that  it  is  to  be  saved  by  some  cunning 
arid  insincere  compact  of  pacification.  If  I  remember  rightly,  I 
said  something  like  this  here  so  long  ago  as  1850,  and  afterwards 
in  1854. 

The  present  danger  discloses  itself  in  this  form:  Discontented  citi 
zens  have  obtained  political  power  in  certain  states,  and  they  are 
using  this  authority  to  overthrow  the  federal  government.  They 
delude  themselves  with  a  belief  that  the  state  power  they  have 
acquired  enables  them  to  discharge  themselves  of  allegiance  to  the 
whole  republic.  The  president  says  that  no  state  has  a  right  to  secede, 
but  we  have  no  constitutional  power  to  make  war  against  a  state. 
The  dilemma  results  from  an  assumption  that  those  who,  in  such  a 
case,  act  against  the  federal  government,  act  lawfully  as  a  state; 
although  manifestly  they  have  perverted  the  power  of  the  state  to 
an  unconstitutional  purpose.  A  class  of  politicians  in  New  England 
set  up  this  theory  and  attempted  to  practise  upon  it  in  our  war 
with  Great  Britain.  Mr.  Jefferson  did  not  hesitate  to  say  that  states 
must  be  kept  within  their  constitutional  sphere  by  impulsion,  if  they 
could  not  be  held  there  by  attraction.  Secession  was  then  held  to 
be  inadmissible  in  the  face  of  a  public  enemy.  But  if  it  is  untenable 
in  one  case,  it  is  necessarily  so  in  all  others.  I  fully  admit  the  ori 
ginality,  the  sovereignty  and  the  independence  of  the  several  states 
within  their  sphere.  But  I  hold  the  federal  government  to  be  equally 


654  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

original,  sovereign  and  independent  within  its  sphere.  And  the 
government  of  the  state  can  no  more  absolve  the  people  residing 
within  its  limits  from  allegiance  to  the  Union,  than  the  government 
of  the  Union  can  absolve  them  from  allegiance  to  the  state.  The 
constitution  of  the  United  States  and  the  laws  made  in  pursuance 
thereof,  are  the  supreme  law  of  the  land,  paramount  to  all  legislation 
of  the  states,  whether  made  under  the  constitution,  or  by  even  their 
organic  conventions.  The  Union  can  be  dissolved,  not  by  secession, 
without  arrned  force,  but  only  by  the  voluntary  consent  of  the  people 
of  the  United  States,  collected  in  the  manner  prescribed  by  the  con 
stitution  of  the  United  States. 

Congress,  in  the  present  case,  ought  not  to  be  impassive.  It 
ought,  if  it  can,  to  redress  any  real  grievances  of  the  offended  states, 
and  then  it  ought  to  supply  the  president  with  all  the  means  neces 
sary  to  maintain  the  Union  in  the  full  exhibition  and  discreet  exer 
cise  of  its  authority.  Beyond  this,  with  the  proper  activity  on  the 
part  of  the  executive,  the  responsibility  of  saving  the  Union  belongs 
to  the  people,  and  they  are  abundantly  competent  to  discharge  it. 

I  propose,  therefore,  with  great  deference,  to  address  myself  less  to 
the  senate  than  to  the  country,  upon  the  momentous  subject,  asking 
a  hearing,  not  less  from  the  people  within  what  are  called  the  seceding, 
than  from  those  who  reside  within  the  adhering  states. 

Union  is  an  old,  fixed,  settled  habit  of  the  American  people, 
resulting  from  convictions  of  its  necessity,  and  therefore  not  likely 
to  be  hastily  discarded.  The  early  states,  while  existing  as  colonies, 
were  combined,  though  imperfectly,  through  a  common  allegiance  to 
the  British  crown.  When  that  allegiance  ceased,  no  one  was  so  pre 
sumptuous  as  to  suppose  political  existence  compatible  with  disunion; 
and,  therefore,  on  the  same  day  that  they  declared  themselves  inde 
pendent,  they  proclaimed  themselves  also  confederated  states.  Expe 
rience  in  war  and  in  peace,  from  1776  until  1787,  only  convinced 
them  of  the  necessity  of  converting  that  loose  confederacy  into  a 
more  perfect  and  a  perpetual  Union.  They  acted  with  a  coolness 
very  different  from  the  intemperate  conduct  of  those  who  now  on 
one  side  threaten,  and  those  who  on  the  other  rashly  defy  disunion. 
They  considered  the  continuance  of  the  Union  as  a  subject  compre 
hending  nothing  less  than  the  safety  and  welfare  of  all  the  parts  of 
which  the  country  was  composed,  and  the  fate  of  an  empire  in  many 
respects  the  most  interesting  in  the  world.  I  enter  upon  the  subject 


THE   STATE    OF   THE    UNION.  655 

of  continuing  the  Union  now,  deeply  impressed  with  the  same  gene 
rous  and  loyal  conviction.  How  could  it  be  otherwise,  when,  instead 
of  only  thirteen,  the  country  is  now  composed  of  thirty-three  parts ; 
and  the  empire  embraces,  instead  of  only  four  millions,  no  less  than 
thirty  millions  of  inhabitants.1 

The  founders  of  the  constitution,  moreover,  regarded  the  Union  as 
no  mere  national  or  American  interest.  On  the  contrary,  they  con 
fessed,  with  deep  sensibility,  that  it  seemed  to  them  to  have  been 
reserved  for  the  people  of  this  country  to  decide  whether  societies  of 
men  are  really  capable  of  establishing  good  government  upon  reflec 
tion  and  choice,  or  whether  they  are  forever  destined  to  depend  for 
their  political  constitutions  on  accident  and  force.  They  feared, 
therefore,  that  their  failure  to  continue  and  perfect  the  Union  would 
be  a  misfortune  to  the  nations.  How  much  more  would  its  overthrow 
now  be  a  calamity  to  mankind! 

Some  form  of  government  is  indispensable  here  as  elsewhere. 
Whatever  form  we  have,  every  individual  citizen  and  every  state 
must  cede  to  it  some  natural  rights,  to  invest  the  government  with 
the  requisite  power.  The  simple  question,  therefore,  for  us  now  to 
decide,  while  laying  aside  all  pique,  passion  and  prejudice,  is,  whether 
it  conduces  more  to  the  interests  of  the  people  of  this  country  to 
remain,  for  the  general  purposes  of  peace  and  war,  commerce,  inland 
and  foreign,  postal  communications  at  home  and  abroad,  the  care  and 
disposition  of  the  public  domain,  colonization,  the  organization  and 
admission  of  new  states,  and,  generally,  the  enlargement  of  empire, 
one  nation  under  our  present  constitution,  than  it  would  be  to  divide 
themselves  into  separate  confederacies  or  states. 

Our  country  remains  now  as  it  was  in  1787 — composed,  not  of 
detached  and  distant  territories,  but  of  one  whole  well-connected  and 
fertile  region,  lying  within  the  temperate  zone,  with  climates  and  soils 
hardly  more  various  than  those  of  France  or  of  Italy.  This  slight 
diversity  quickens  and  amplifies  manufactures  and  commerce.  Our 
rivers  and  valleys,  as  improved  by  art,  furnish  us  a  system  of  high 
ways  unequaled  in  the  world.  The  different  forms  of  labor,  if 
slavery  were  not  perverted  to  purposes  of  political  ambition,  need 
not  constitute  an  element  of  strife  in  the  confederacy. 

Notwithstanding  recent  vehement  expressions  and  manifestations 

1  The  materials  and  even  the  form  of  this  part  of  the  argument  are  drawn  from  the  opening 
numbers  of  the  Federalist. 


656  SPEECHES   IN   THE   UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

of  intolerance  in  some  quarters,  produced  by  intense  partisan  excite 
ment,  we  are,  in  fact,  a  homogeneous  people,  chiefly  of  one  stock, 
with  accessions  well  assimilated.  We  have,  practically,  only  one- 
language,  one  religion,  one  system  of  government,  and  manners  and 
customs  common  to  all.  Why,  then,  shall  we  not  remain  henceforth, 
as  hitherto,  one  people? 

The  first  object  of  every  human  society  is  safety,  or  security,  for 
which,  if  need  be,  they  will,  and  they  must,  sacrifice  every  other. 
This  security  is  of  two  kinds :  one,  exemption  from  foreign  aggres 
sion  and  influence ;  the  other,  exemption  from  domestic  tyranny 
and  sedition. 

Foreign  wars  come  from  either  violations  of  treaties  or  domestic- 
disturbance.  The  Union  has,  thus  far,  proved  itself  an  almost  per 
fect  shield  against  such  wars.  The  United  States,  continually  enlarg 
ing  their  diplomatic  acquaintance,  have  now  treaties  with  France, 
the  Netherlands,  Great  Britain,  Sweden,  Prussia,  Spain,  Russia, 
Denmark,  Mexico,  Brazil,  Austria,  Turkey,  Chili,  Siam,  Muscat,. 
Venezuela,  Peru,  Greece,  Sardinia,  Ecuador,  Hanover,  Portugal, 
New  Grenada,  Hesse  Cassel,  Wurtemburg,  China,  Bavaria,  Saxony, 
Nassau,  Switzerland,  Mecklenburg-Schwerin,  Guatemala,  the  Hawa- 
ian  Islands,  San  Salvador,  Borneo,  Costa  Eica,  Peru,  Bremen,  the 
Argentine  Confederation,  Loo  Choo,  Japan,  Brunswick,  Persia, 
Baden,  Belgium,  and  Paraguay.  Nevertheless,  the  United  States, 
within  their  entire  existence  under  the  federal  constitution,  have 
had  flagrant  wars  with  only  four  states,  two  of  which  were  insignifi 
cant  powers  on  the  coast  of  Barbary;  and  have  had  direct  hostilities,, 
amounting  to  reprisals,  against  only  two  or  three  more :  and  they 
are  now  at  peace  with  the  whole  world.  If  the  Union  should  be 
divided  into  only  two  confederacies,  each  of  them  would  need  to- 
make  as  many  treaties  as  we  have  now ;  and,  of  course,  would  be 
liable  to  give  as  many  causes  of  war  as  we  now  do.  But  we  know, 
from  the  sad  experience  of  other  nations,  that  disjntegration^jrpr'.ft 
begun,  inevitably  continues  untJLevp"  the  greatest,  empire  crumbles 
into  jnany  parts.  Each  confederation  that  shall  ultimately  arise  out 
of  the  ruin  of  the  Union  will  have  necessity  for  as  many  treaties  as 
we  now  have,  and  will  incur  liabilities  for  war  as  often  as  we  now 
do,  by  breaking  them.  It  is  the  multiplication  of  treaties,  and  the 
want  of  confederation,  that  makes  war  the  normal  condition  of 
society  in  western  Europe  and  in  Spanish  America.  It  is  Union 


THE   STATE    OF   THE    UNION.  657 

that,  notwithstanding  our  world- wide  intercourse,  makes  peace  the 
habit  of  the  American  people. 

I  will  not  descend  so  low  as  to  ask  whether  new  confederacies 
would  be  able  or  willing  to  bear  the  grievous  expense  of  maintaining 
the  diplomatic  relations  which  cannot  be  dispensed  with  except  by 
withdrawing  from  foreign  commerce.  Our  federal  government  is 
better  able  to  avoid  giving  just  causes  of  war  than  several  confed 
eracies,  because  it  can  conform  the  action  of  all  the  states  to  com 
pacts.  It  can  have  but  one  construction,  and  only  one  tribunal  to 
pronounce  that  construction,  of  every  treaty.  Local  and  temporary 
interests  and  passions,  or  personal  cupidity  and  ambition,  can  drive 
small  confederacies  or  states  more  easily  than  a  great  republic,  into 
indiscreet  violations  of  treaties. 

The  United  States,  being  a  great  and  formidable  power,  can, 
always  secure  favorable  and  satisfactory  treaties.  Indeed,  every 
treaty  we  have  was  voluntarily  made.  Small  confederacies,  or 
states,  must  take  such  treaties  as  they  can  get,  and  give  whatever 
treaties  are  exacted.  A  humiliating,  or  even  an  unsatisfactory 
treaty,  is  a  chronic  cause  of  foreign  war. 

The  chapter  of  wars  resulting  from  unjustifiable  causes  would,  in 
case  of  division,  amplify  itself  in  proportion  to  the  number  of  new 
confederacies  and  their  irritability.  Our  disputes  with  Great  Britain 
about  Oregon,  the  boundary  of  Maine,  the  patriot  insurrection  in 
Canada,  and  the  island  of  San  Juan ;  the  border  strifes  between 
Texas  and  Mexico ;  the  incursions  of  the  late  William  Walker  into 
Mexico  and  Central  America ;  all  these  were  cases  in  which  war 
was  prevented  only  by  the  imperturbability  of  the  federal  govern 
ment. 

This  government  not  only  gives  fewer  causes  of  war,  whether 
just  or  unjust,  than  smaller  confederacies  would  ;  but  it  always  has 
a  greater  ability  to  accommodate  them  by  the  exercise  of  more  cool 
ness  and  courage,  the  use  of  more  various  and  more  liberal  meansy 
and  the  display,  if  need  be,  of  greater  force.  Every  one  knows 
how  placable  we  ourselves  are  in  controversies  with  Great  Britain, 
France,  and  Spain ;  and  yet  how  exacting  we  have  been  in  our  in 
tercourse  with  New  Granada,  Paraguay,  and  San  Juan  de  Nicaragua. 

No  one  will  dispute  our  forefathers'  maxim,  that  the  common 
safety  of  all  is  the  safety  of  each  of  the  states.  While  they  remain 
united  the  federal  government  combines  all  the  materials  and  all 

VOL.  IV.  83 


658  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED   STATES  SENATE. 

the  forces  of  the  several  states ;  organizes  their  defenses  on  one  gen 
eral  principle ;  harmonizes  and  assimilates  them  with  one  system ; 
watches  for  them  with  a  single  eye,  which  it  turns  in  all  directions ; 
and  moves  all  agents  under  the  control  of  one  executive  head.  A 
nation  so  constituted  is  safe  against  assault  or  even  insult.  War 
produces  always  a  speedy  exhaustion  of  money  and  a  severe  strain 
upon  credit.  The  treasuries  and  credits  of  small  confederacies  would 
often  prove  inadequate.  Those  of  the  Union  are  always  ample. 

I  have  thus  far  kept  out  of  view  the  relations  which  must  arise 
between  the  confederacies  themselves.  They  would  be  small  and 
inconsiderable  nations  bordering  on  each  other,  and  therefore, 
according  to  all  political  philosophy,  natural  enemies.  In  addition 
to  the  many  treaties  which  each  must  make  with  foreign  powers, 
and  the  causes  of  war  which  they  would  give  by  violating  them, 
each  of  the  confederacies  must  also  maintain  treaties  with  all  the 
others,  and  so  be  liable  to  give  them  frequent  offense.  They  would 
necessarily  have  different  interests  resulting  from  their  establishment 
of  different  policies  of  revenue,  of  mining,  manufactures,  and  navi 
gation,  of  immigration,  and  perhaps  the  slave  trade.  Each  would 
stipulate  with  foreign  nations  for  advantages  peculiar  to  itself  and 
injurious  to  its  rivals. 

If,  indeed,  it  were  necessary  that  the  Union  should  be  broken  up, 
it  would  be  in  the  last  degree  important  that  the  new  confederacies 
to  be  formed  should  be  as  nearly  as  possible  equal  in  strength  and 
power,  that  mutual  fear  and  mutual  respect  might  inspire  them 
with  caution  against  mutual  offense.  But  such  equality  could  not 
long  be  maintained  ;  one  confederacy  would  rise  in  the  scale  of 
political  importance ;  and  the  others  would  view  it  thenceforward 
with  envy  and  apprehension.  Jealousies  would  bring  on  frequent 
and  retaliatory  wars,  and  all  these  wars,  from  the  peculiar  circum 
stances  of  the  confederacies,  would  have  the  nature  and  character  of 
civil  war.  Dissolution,  therefore,  is,  for  the  people  of  this  country, 
perpetual  civil  war.  To  mitigate  it,  and  obtain  occasional  rest,  what 
could  they  accept  but  the  system  of  adjusting  the  balance  of  power 
which  has  obtained  in  Europe,  in  which  the  few  strong  nations  dic 
tate  the  very  terms  on  which  all  the  others  shall  be  content  to  live. 
When  this  hateful  system  should  fail  at  last,  foreign  nations  would 
intervene,  now  in  favor  of  one  and  then  in  aid  of  another ;  and 
thus  our  country,  after  having  expelled  all  European  powers  from 


THE   STATE   OF  THE    UNION.  659 

the  continent,  would  relapse  into  an  aggravated  form  of  its  colonial 
experience,  and,  like  Italy,  Turkey,  India,  and  China,  become  the 
theatre  of  transatlantic  intervention  and  rapacity. 

If,  however,  we  grant  to  the  new  confederacies  an  exemption  from 
complications  among  each  other  and  with  foreign  states,  still  there  is 
too  much  reason  to  believe  that  not  one  of  them  could  long  maintain 
a  republican  form  of  government.  Universal  suffrage  and  the  ab 
sence  of  a  standing  army  are  essential  to  the  republican  system. 
The  world  has  yet  to  see  a  single  self-sustaining  state  of  that  kind, 
or  even  any  confederation  of  such  states,  except  our  own.  Canada 
leans  on  Great  Britain  not  unwillingly,  and  Switzerland  is  guaran 
teed  by  interested  monarchical  states.  Our  own  experiment  has 
thus  far  been  successful ;  because,  by  the  continual  addition  of  new 
states,  the  influence  of  each  of  the  members  of  the  Union  is  con 
stantly  restrained  and  reduced.  No  one,  of  course,  can  foretell  the 
way  and  manner  of  travel ;  but  history  indicates  with  unerring  cer 
tainty  the  end  which  the  several  confederacies  would  reach.  Licen 
tiousness  would  render  life  intolerable :  and  they  would  sooner  or 
later  purchase  tranquillity  and  domestic  safety  by  the  surrender  of 
liberty,  and  yield  themselves  up  to  the  protection  of  military 
despotism. 

Indulge  me  in  one  or  two  details  under  this  head.  First,  it  is 
only  sixty  days  since  this  disunion  movement  began ;  already  those 
who  are  engaged  in  it  have  canvassed  with  portentous  freedom  the 
possible  recombinations  of  the  states  when  dissevered,  and  the  feasi 
ble  alliances  of  those  recombinations  with  European  nations ;  alli 
ances  as  unnatural,  and  which  would  prove  ultimately  as  pestilential 
to  society  here  as  that  of  the  Tlascalans  with  the  Spaniard,  who 
promised  them  revenge  upon  their  ancient  enemies,  the  Aztecs. 

Secondly,  The  disunion  movement  arises  partly  out  of  a  dispute 
over  the  common  domain  of  the  United  States.  Hitherto  the  Union 
has  confined  this  controversy  within  the  bounds  of  political  debate 
by  referring  it,  with  all  other  national  ones,  to  the  arbitrament  of  the 
ballot-box.  Does  any  suppose  that  disunion  would  transfer  the 
whole  domain  to  either  party,  or  that  any  other  umpire  than  war 
would,  after  dissolution,  be  invoked  ? 

Thirdly,  This  movement  arises,  in  another  view,  out  of  the  rela 
tion  of  African  slaves  to  the  dynastic  population  of  the  country. 
Freedom  is  to  them,  as  to  all  mankind,  the  chief  object  of  desire. 


660  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

Hitherto,  under  the  operation  of  the  Union,  they  have  practically 
remained  ignorant  of  the  controversy,  especially  of  its  bearing  on 
themselves.  Can  we  hope  that  flagrant  civil  war  shall  rage  among 
ourselves  in  their  very  presence,  and  yet  that  they  will  remain  stupid 
and  idle  spectators  ?  Does  history  furnish  us  any  satisfactory  instruc 
tion  upon  the  horrors  of  civil  war  among  a  people  so  brave,  so  skilled 
inarms,  so  earnest  in  conviction,  and  so  intent  in  purpose  as  we  are? 
Is  it  a  mere  chimera  which  suggests  an  aggravation  of  those  horrors 
beyond  endurance  when,  on  either  side,  there  shall  occur  the  inter 
vention  of  an  uprising  ferocious  African  slave  population  of  four, 
or  six,  perhaps  twenty  millions? 

The  opinions  of  mankind  change,  and  with  them  the  politics  of 
nations.  One  hundred  years  ago  all  the  commercial  European  states 
were  engaged  in  transferring  negro  slaves  from  Africa  to  this  hemi 
sphere.  To-day  all  those  states  are  firmly  set  in  hostility  to  the 
extension  and  even  to  the  practice  of  slavery.  Opposition  to  it  takes 
two  forms :  one,  European,  which  is  simple,  direct  abolition,  effected, 
if  need  be,  by  compulsion ;  the  other,  American,  which  seeks  to 
arrest  the  African  slave  trade,  and  resist  the  entrance  of  domestic 
slavery  into  territories  where  it  is  yet  unknown,  while  it  leaves  the 
disposition  of  existing  slavery  to  the  considerate  action  of  the  states 
by  which  it  is  retained.  It  is  the  Union  that  restricts  the  opposition 
to  slavery  in  this  country  within  these  limits.  If  dissolution  pre 
vail,  what  guarantee  shall  there  be  against  the  full  development  here 
of  the  fearful  arid  uncompromising  hostility  to  slavery  which  else 
where  pervades  the  world,  and  of  which  the  recent  invasion  of 
Virginia  was  an  illustration  ? 

I  have  designedly  dwelt  so  long  on  the  probable  effects  of  dis 
union  upon  the  safety  of  the  American  people  as  to  leave  me  little 
time  to  consider  the  evils  which  must  follow  in  its  train.  But 
practically,  the  loss  of  safety  involves  every  other  form  of  public 
calamity.  When  once  the  guardian  angel  has  taken  flight,  every 
thing  is  lost. 

Dissolution  would  not  only  arrest  but  extinguish  the  greatness  of 
our  country.  Even  if  separate  confederacies  could  exist  and  endure, 
they  could  severally  preserve  no  share  of  the  common  prestige  of  the 
Union.  If  the  constellation  is  to  be  broken  up,  the  stars,  whether 
scattered  widely  apart  or  grouped  in  smaller  clusters,  will  thence 
forth  shed  only  feeble,  glimmering  and  lurid  lights.  Nor  will  great 


THE  STATE   OF  THE   UNION  661 

achievements  be  possible  for  the  new  confederacies.  Dissolution 
would  signalize  its  triumph  by  acts  of  wantonness  which  would 
shock  and  astound  the  world.  It  would  provincialize  Mount  Ver- 
non  and  give  this  capitol  over  to  desolation  at  the  very  moment 
when  the  dome  is  rising  over  our  heads  that  was  to  be  crowned  with, 
the  statue  of  Liberty.  After  this  there  would  remain  for  disunion  no 
;act  of  stupendous  infamy  to  be  committed.  No  petty  confederacy 
that  shall  follow  the  United  States  can  prolong,  or  even  renew,  the 
majestic  drama  of  national  progress.  Perhaps  it  is  to  be  arrested 
because  its  sublimity  is  incapable  of  continuance.  Let  it  be  so,  if  we 
have  indeed  become  degenerate.  After  Washington,  and  the  inflexi 
ble  Adams,  Henry,  and  the  peerless  Hamilton,  Jefferson,  and  the 
majestic  Clay,  Webster,  and  the  acute  Calhoun,  Jackson,  the  modest 
Taylor,  and  Scott  who  rises  in  greatness  under  the  burden  of  years, 
.and  Franklin,  and  Fulton,  and  Whitney,  and  Morse,  have  all  per 
formed  their  parts,  let  the  curtain  fall ! 

While  listening  to  these  debates,  I  have  sometimes  forgotten  my 
self  in  marking  their  contrasted  effects  upon  the  page  who  customa 
rily  stands  on  the  dais  before  me,  and  the  venerable  secretary  who 
sits  behind  him.  The  youth  exhibits  intense  but  pleased  emotion  in 
the  excitement,  while  at  every  irreverent  word  that  is  uttered  against 
the  Union  the  eyes  of  the  aged  man  are  suffused  with  tears.  Let 
him  weep  no  more.  Rather  rejoice,  for  yours  has  been  a  lot  of  rare 
felicity.  You  have  seen  and  been  apart  of  all  the  greatness  of  your 
•country,  the  towering  national  greatness  of  all  the  world.  Weep 
only  you,  and  weep  with  all  the  bitterness  of  anguish,  who  are  just 
stepping  on  the  threshold  of  life;  for  that  greatness  perishes  prema 
turely  and  exists  not  for  you,  nor  for  me,  nor  for  any  that  shall 
•come  after  us. 

The  public  prosperity!  How  could  it  survive  the  storm?  Its 
elements  are  industry  in  the  culture  of  every  fruit;  mining  of  all 
the  metals;  commerce  at  home  and  on  every  sea;  material  improve 
ment  that  knows  no  obstacle  and  has  no  end;  invention  that  ranges 
throughout  the  domain  of  nature;  increase  of  knowledge  as  broad 
as  the  human  mind  can  explore ;  perfection  of  art  as  high  as  human 
genius  can  reach  ;  and  social  refinement  working  for  the  renovation 
of  the  world.  How  could  our  successors  prosecute  these  noble 
•objects  in  the  midst  of  brutalizing  civil  conflict?  What  guaranties 
will  capital  invested  for  such  purposes  have,  that  will  outweigh  the 


662  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES    SENATE. 

premium  offered  by  political  and  military  ambition  ?  What  leisure 
will  the  citizen  have  for  study,  or  invention,  or  art,  under  the  reign 
of  conscription ;  nay,  what  interest  in  them  will  society  feel,  when  fear 
and  hate  shall  have  taken  possession  of  the  national  mind  ?  Let  the 
miner  in  California  take  heed;  for  its  golden  wealth  will  become  the 
prize  of  the  nation  that  can  command  the  most  iron.  Let  the  bor 
derer  take  care;  for  the  Indian  will  again  lurk  around  his  dwelling. 
Let  the  pioneer  come  back  into  our  denser  settlements;  for  the  rail 
road,  the  post  road  and  the  telegraph  advance  not  one  furlong  fur 
ther  into  the  wilderness.  With  standing  armies  consuming  the 
substance  of  our  people  on  the  land,  and  our  navy  and  our  postal 
steamers  withdrawn  from  the  ocean,  who  will  protect  or  respect,  or 
who  will  even  know  by  name,  our  petty  confederacies  ?  The  Ameri 
can  man-of-war  is  a  noble  spectacle.  I  have  seen  it  enter  an  ancient 
port  in  the  Mediterranean.  All  the  world  wondered  at  it,  and  talked 
of  it.  Salvos  of  artillery,  from  forts  and  shipping  in  the  harbor, 
saluted  its  flag.  Princes  and  princesses  and  merchants  paid  it 
homage,  and  all  the  people  blessed  it  as  a  harbinger  of  hope  for 
their  own  ultimate  freedom.  I  imagine  now  the  same  noble  ves 
sel  again  entering  the  same  haven.  The  flag  of  thirty-three  stars 
and  thirteen  stripes  has  been  hauled  down,  and  in  its  place  a  signal 
is  run  up  which  flaunts  the  device  of  a  lone  star  or  a  palmetto  tree. 
Men  ask,  "  Who  is  the  stranger  that  thus  steals  into  our  waters  ?"" 
The  answer,  contemptuously  given,  is,  "  She  comes  from  one  of  the 
obscure  republics  of  North  America.  Let  her  pass  on." 

Lastly,  public  liberty,  our  own  peculiar  liberty,  must  languish  for 
a  time,  and  then  cease  to  live.  And  such  a  liberty !  Free  move 
ment  everywhere  through  our  own  land  and  throughout  the  world ; 
free  speech,  free  press,  free  suffrage ;  the  freedom  of  every  subject 
to  vote  on  every  law,  and  for  or  against  every  agent  who  expounds, 
administers  or  executes  it.  Unstable  and  jealous  confederacies,  con 
stantly  apprehending  assaults  without  and  treason  within,  formida 
ble  only  to  each  other  and  contemptible  to  all  beside ;  how  long  will 
it  be  before,  on  the  plea  of  public  safety,  they  will  surrender  all  this 
inestimable  and  unequaled  liberty,  and  accept  the  hateful  and  intole 
rable  espionage  of  military  despotism  ? 

And  now,  what  is  the  cause  for  this  sudden  and  eternal  sacrifice 
of  so  much  safety,  greatness,  happiness  and  freedom?  Have  foreign 
nations  combined,  and  are  they  coming  in  rage  upon  us  ?  No.  So- 


THE   STATE    OF   THE    UNION.  663 

far  from  being  enemies,  there  is  not  a  nation  on  earth  that  is  not  an 
interested  admiring  friend.  Even  the  London  Times,  by  no  means 
partial  to  us,  says : 

"  It  is  quite  possible  that  the  problem  of  a  democratic  republic  may  be  solved 
by  its  overthrow  in  a  few  days,  in  a  spirit  of  folly,  selfishness,  and  short-sighted 
ness. 

Has  the  federal  government  become  tyrannical  or  oppressive,  or  even 
rigorous  or  unsocial  ?  Has  the  constitution  lost  its  spirit,  and  all  at 
once  collapsed  into  a  lifeless  letter?  No;  the  federal  government 
smiles  more  benignantly,  and  works  to-day  more  beneficently,  than 
ever.  The  constitution  is  even  the  chosen  model  for  the  organiza 
tion  of  the  newly  rising  confederacies. 

The  occasion  is  the  election  of  a  president  of  the  United  States, 
who  is  unacceptable  to  a  portion  of  the  people.  I  state  the  case 
accurately.  There  was  no  movement  of  disunion  before  the  bal 
lots  which  expressed  that  choice  were  cast.  Disunion  began  as 
soon  as  the  result  was  announced.  The  justification  it  assigned  was, 
that  Abraham  Lincoln  had  been  elected,  while  the  success  of  either 
one  of  three  other  candidates  would  have  been  acquiesced  in.  Was 
the  election  illegal  ?  No  ;  it  is  unimpeached.  Is  the  candidate  per 
sonally  offensive?  No;  he  is  a  man  of  unblemished  virtue  and: 
amiable  manners.  Is  an  election  of  president  an  unfrequent  or 
extraordinary  transaction  ?  No  ;  we  never  had  a  chief  magistrate 
otherwise  designated  than  by  such  election,  and  that  form  of  choice 
is  renewed  every  four  years.  Does  any  one  even  propose  to  change 
the  mode  of  appointing  the  chief  magistrate  ?  No ;  election  by 
universal  suffrage,  as  modified  by  the  constitution,  is  the  one  crown 
ing  franchise  of  the  American  people.  To  save  it  they  would  defy 
the  world.  Is  it  apprehended  that  the  new  president  will  usurp  des 
potic  powers  ?  No ;  while  he  is  of  all  men  the  most  unambitious, 
he  is,  by  the  partial  success  of  those  who  opposed  his  election,  sub 
jected  to  such  restraints  that  he  cannot,  without  their  consent, 
appoint  a  minister,  or  even  a  police  agent,  negotiate  a  treaty,  or  pro 
cure  the  passage  of  a  law,  and  can  hardly  draw  a  musket  from  the 
public  arsenals  to  defend  his  own  person. 

What,  then,  is  the  ground  of  discontent  ?  It  is  that  the  disunion- 
ists  did  not  accept  as  conclusive  the  arguments  which  were  urged  in 
behalf  of  the  successful  candidate  in  the  canvass.  This  is  all.  Were 
their  own  arguments  against  him  more  satisfactory  to  his  supporters? 


664  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

Of  course  they  were  not ;  they  could  not  be.  Does  the  constitution, 
in  letter  or  spirit,  require  or  imply  that  the  arguments  of  one  party 
shall  be  satisfactory  to  the  other?  No;  that  is  impossible.  What 
is  the  constitutional  remedy  for  this  inevitable  dissatisfaction  ?  Re 
newed  debate  and  ultimate  rehearing  in  a  subsequent  election.  Have 
the  now  successful  majority  perverted  power  to  purposes  of  oppres 
sion?  No;  they  have  never  before  held  power.  Alas!  how  prone 
we  are  to  undervalue  privileges  and  blessings.  How  gladly,  how 
proudly,  would  the  people  of  any  nation  in  Europe  accept,  on  such 
terms  as  we  enjoy  it,  the  boon  of  electing  a  chief  magistrate  every 
four  years  by  free,  equal  and  universal  suffrage!  How  thankfully 
would  they  cast  aside  all  their  own  systems  of  government,  and 
accept  this  republic  of  ours,  with  all  its  short-comings  and  its  dis 
appointments,  maintain  it  with  their  arms,  and  cherish  it  in  their 
hearts.  Is  it  not  the  very  boon  for  which  they  supplicate  God  with 
out  ceasing,  and  even  wage  war,  with  intermissions  only  resulting 
from  exhaustion?  How  strange  are  the  times  in  which  we  live! 
The  coming  spring  season  on  one  side  of  the  Atlantic  will  open  on 
a  general  conflict,  waged  to  obtain,  through  whatever  indirection, 
just  such  a  system  as  ours ;  and  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic,  within 
the  same  parallels  of  latitude,  it  will  open  on  fraternal  war,  waged 
in  a  moment  of  frenzied  discontent  to  overthrow  and  annihilate  the 
same  institutions.  Do  men,  indeed,  live  only  for  themselves,  to 
revenge  their  own  wrongs,  or  to  gratify  their  own  ambition?  Rather 
do  not  men  live  least  of  all  for  themselves,  and  chiefly  for  posterity 
and  for  their  fellow-men !  Have  the  American  people,  then,  become 
all  of  a  sudden  unnatural,  as  well  as  unpatriotic?  and  will  they  dis 
inherit  their  children  of  the  precious  estate  held  only  in  trust  for 
them,  and  deprive  the  world  of  the  best  hopes  it  has  enjoyed  since 
the  human  race  began  its  slow  and  painful,  yet  needful  and  wisely 
appointed  progress  ? 

Here  I  might  close  my  plea  for  the  American  Union ;  but  it  is 
necessary,  if  not  to  exhaust  the  argument,  at  least  to  exhibit  the 
whole  case.  The  disunionists,  consciously  unable  to  stand  on  their 
mere  disappointment  in  the  recent  election,  have  attempted  to  enlarge 
their  ground.  More  than  thirty  years  there  has  existed  a  consider 
able — though  not  heretofore  a  formidable — mass  of  citizens  in  certain 
states,  situate  near  or  around  the  delta  of  the  Mississippi,  who 
believe  that  the  Union  is  less  conducive  to  the  welfare  and  greatness 


THE  STATE   OF  THE   UNIOK.  665 

of  those  states  than  a  smaller  confederacy,  embracing  only  slave 
states,  would  be.  This  class  has  availed  itself  of  the  discontents 
resulting  from  the  election  to  put  into  operation  the  machinery  of 
dissolution,  long  ago  prepared  and  waiting  only  for  occasion.  In 
other  states  there  is  a  soreness  because  of  the  want  of  sympathy  in 
the  free  states  with  the  efforts  of  slaveholders  for  the  recapture  of 
fugitives  from  service.  In  all  the  slave  states  there  is  a  restlessness 
resulting  from  the  resistance  which  has  been  so  determinedly  made, 
within  the  last  few  years,  in  the  free  states,  to  the  extension  of 
slavery  in  the  common  territories  of  the  United  States.  The  repub 
lican  party,  which  cast  its  votes  for  the  successful  presidential 
candidate,  on  the  ground  of  that  policy,  has  been  allowed,  practi 
cally,  no  representation,  no  utterance  by  speech  or  through  the  press, 
in  the  slave  states;  while  its  policy,  principles,  and  sentiments,  and 
•even  its  temper,  have  been  so  misrepresented  as  to  excite  apprehen 
sions  that  it  denies  important  constitutional  obligations,  and  aims 
•even  at  interference  with  slavery  and  its  overthrow  by  state  autho 
rities  or  intervention  of  the  federal  government.  Considerable 
masses  even  in  the  free  states,  interested  in  the  success  of  these 
misrepresentations  as  a  means  of  partisan  strategy,  have  lent  their 
sympathy  to  the  party  claiming  to  be  aggrieved.  While  the  result 
of  the  election  brings  the  republican  party  necessarily  into  the  fore 
ground  in  resisting  disunion,  the  prejudices  against  them,  which  I 
have  described,  have  deprived  them  of  the  cooperation  of  many 
good  and  patriotic  citizens.  On  a  complex  issue  between  the  repub 
lican  party  and  the  disunionists,  although  it  involves  the  direst 
national  calamities,  the  result  might  be  doubtful ;  for  the  republi 
can  party  is  weak  in  a  large  part  of  the  Union.  But  on  a  direct 
issue,  with  all  who  cherish  the  Union  on  one  side,  and  all  who  desire 
its  dissolution  by  force  on  the  other,  the  verdict  would  be  prompt 
and  almost  unanimous.  I  desire  thus  to  simplify  the  issue,  and  for 
that  purpose  to  separate  from  it  all  collateral  questions,  and  relieve 
it  of  all  partisan  passions  and  prejudices. 

I  consider  the  idea  of  the  withdrawal  of  the  gulf  states,  and  their 
permanent  reorganization  with  or  without  others  in  a  distinct  con 
federacy,  as  a  means  of  advantage  to  themselves,  so  certainly  unwise 
and  so  obviously  impossible  of  execution,  when  the  purpose  is 
understood,  that  I  dismiss  it  with  the  discussion  I  have  already 
incidentally  bestowed  upon  it. 

VOL.  IV.  84 


SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

The  case  is  different,  however,  in  regard  to  the  other  subjects 
which  I  have  brought  in  this  connection  before  the  senate.  Beyond 
a  doubt,  Union  is  vitally  important  to  the  republican  citizens  of  the 
United  States  ;  but  it  is  just  as  important  to  the  whole  people.  Repub- 
licanism  and  Union  are,  therefore,  not  convertible  terms.  Republi 
canism  is  subordinate  to  the  Union,  as  everything  else  is  and  ought 
to  be — republicanism,  democracy,  every  other  political  name  and 
thing ;  all  are  subordinate — and  they  ought  to  disappear  in  the 
presence  of  the  great  question  of  Union.  So  far  as  I  am  concerned, 
it  shall  be  so  ;  it  should  be  so  if  the  question  were  sure  to  be  tried, 
as  it  ought  only  to  be  determined,  by  the  peaceful  ordeal  of  the 
ballot.  It  shall  be  so  all  the  more  since  there  is  on  one  side  pre 
paredness  to  refer  to  it  the  arbitrament  of  civil  war.  I  have  such 
faith  in  this  republican  system  of  ours,  that  there  is  no  political  good 
which  I  desire  that  I  am  not  content  to  seek  through  its  peaceful 
forms  of  administration  without  invoking  revolutionary  action.  If 
others  shall  invoke  that  form  of  action  to  oppose  and  overthrow 
government,  they  shall  not,  so  far  as  it  depends  on  me,  have  the 
excuse  that  I  obstinately  left  myself  to  be  misunderstood.  In  such 
a  case  I  can  afford  to  meet  prejudice  with  conciliation ;  exaction 
with  concession  which  surrenders  no  principle,  and  violence  with  the 
right  hand  of  peace.  Therefore,  so  far  as  the  abstract  question 
whether,  by  the  con stitutipn  of  the  United  States,  the  bondsmen^ 
who  is  made  such  by  the  laws  of  a  state,  is  still  a  man  or  only 
property,  I  answer  that,  within  that  state,  its  laws  on  that  subject 
_are  supreme.;  that  when  he  has  escaped  from  that  state  into  another, 
the  constitution  regards  him  as  a  bondsman  who  may  not,  by  any 

. ~— ,?.-! '  "  ** •*      ~ **  ' 

law  or  regulation  of  that  state,  be  discharged  from _  his  jseryjce^  but 
shall  be  delivered  up,  on  claim,  to  the  party  to.  whom  his  _s_endce.  is. 
due.  While  prudence  and  justice  would  combine  in  persuading  you 
to  modify  the  acts  of  congress  on  that  subject,  so  as  not  to  oblige 
private  persons  to  assist  in  their  execution,  and  to  protect  freemen 
from  being,  by  abuse  of  the  laws,  carried  into  slavery,  I  agree  that 
all  laws  of  the  states,  whether  free  states  or  slave  states,  which  relate 
to  this  class  of  persons,  or  any  others  recently  coming  from  or  resi 
dent  in  other  states,  and  which  laws  contravene  the  constitution  of 
the  United  States,  or  any  law  of  congress  passed  in  conformity 

thereto,  ought  tojpa,  repealed. 
.t^Z'Z&t^z^ 


THE    STATE   OF   THE    UNION.  667 

Secondly :  Experience  in  public  affairs  has  confirmed  my  opinionr 
that  domestic  slavery,  existing  in  any  state,  is  wisely  left  by  the 
constitution  of  the  United  States  exclusively  to  the  care,  manage 
ment,  and  disposition  of  that  state ;  and  if  it  were  in  my  power,  I 
would  not  alter  the  constitution  in  that  respect.  If  misapprehension 
of  my  position  needs  so  strong  a  remedy/I  am  willing  to  vote  for 
an  amendment  of  the  constitution,  declaring  that  it  shall  not,  by  any 
future  amendment,  be  so  altered  as  to  confer  on  congress  a  power  to 
abolish  or  interfere  with  slavery  in  any  state. 

Tliirdly :  While  I  think  that  congress  has  exclusive  and  sovereign 
authority  to  legislate  on  all  subjects  whatever,  in  the  common  terri 
tories  of  the  United  States,  and  while  I  certainly  shall  never,  directly 
or  indirectly,  give  my  vote  to  establish  or  sanction  slavery  in  such 
territories,  or  anywhere  else  in  the  world,  yet  the  question  what  con 
stitutional  laws  shall  at  any  time  be  passed  in  regard  to  the  territo 
ries,  is,  like  every  other  question,  to  be  determinined  on  practical 
grounds.  I  voted  for  enabling  acts  in  the  cases  of  Oregon,  Minnesota 
and  Kansas,  without  being  able  to  secure  in  them  such  provisions  as 
I  would  have  preferred;  and  yet  I  voted  wisely.  So,  now,  I  am 
well  satisfied  that,  under  existing  circumstances,  a  happy  and  satis 
factory  solution  of  the  difficulties  in  the  remaining  territories  would 
be  obtained  by  similar  laws,  providing  for  their  organization,  if  such 
organization  were  otherwise  practicable.  If,  therefore,  Kansas  were 
admitted  as  a  state  under  the  Wyandotte  constitution,  as  I  think  she 
ought  to  be,  and  if  the  organic  laws  of  all  the  other  territories  could 
be  repealed,  I  could  vote  to  authorize  the  organization  and  admission 
of  two  new  states  which  should  include  them,  reserving  the  right  to 
effect  subdivisions  of  them,  whenever  necessary,  into  several  conve- 
nient  states  ;  but  I  do  not  find  that  such  reservations  could  be  con 
stitutionally  made.  Without  them,  the  ulterior  embarrassments 
which  would  result  from  the  hasty  incorporation  of  states  of  such 
vast  extent  and  various  interests  and  character,  would  outweigh  all 
the  immediate  advantages  of  such  a  measure.  But  if  the  measure 
were  practicable,  I  should  prefer  a  different  course,  namely :  when 
the  eccentric  movements  of  secession  and  disunion  shall  have  ended, 
in  whatever  form  that  end  may  come,  and  the  angry  excitement  of 
the  hour  shall  have  subsided,  and  calmness  once  more  shall  have 
resuui'd  its  accustomed  sway  over  the  public  mind,  then,  and  not 
until  tlu-n — one,  two  or  three  years  hence — I  should  cheerfully  advise 


668  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

a  convention  of  the  people,  to  be  assembled  in  pursuance  of  the  con 
stitution,  to  consider  and  decide  whether  any  and  what  amendments 
of  the  organic  national  law  ought  to  be  made.  A  republican  now — 
as  I  have  heretofore  been  a  member  of  other  parties  existing  in  my 
day — I  nevertheless  hold  and  cherish,  as  I  have  always  done,  the 
principle  that  this  government  exists  in  its  present  form  only  by  the 
consent  of  the  governed,  and  that  it  is  as  necessary  as  it  is  wise,  to 
resort  to  the  people  for  revisions  of  the  organic  law  whenever  the 
troubles  and  dangers  of  the  state  certainly  transcend  the  powers 
delegated  by  it  to  the  public  authorities.  Nor  ought  the  suggestion  to 
excite  surprise.  Government  in  any  form  is  a  machine  ;  this  is  the 
most  complex  one  that  the  mind  of  man  has  ever  invented,  or  the 
hand  of  man  has  ever  framed.  Perfect  as  it  is,  it  ought  to  be 
expected  that  it  will,  at  least  as  often  as  once  in  a  century,  require 
some  modification  to  adapt  it  to  the  changes  of  society  and  alterna 
tions  of  empire. 

Fourthly :  I  hold  myself  ready  now,  as  always  heretofore,  to  vote 
for  any  properly  guarded  laws  which  shall  be  deemed  necessary  to 
prevent  mutual  invasions  of  states  by  citizens  of  other  states,  and 
punish  those  who  shall  aid  and  abet  them. 

Fifthly:  Notwithstanding  the  arguments  of  the  gallant  senator 
from  Oregon  [General  LANE],  I  remain  of  the  opinion  that  physical 
bonds,  such  as  hjghwjays,  railroads','  rivers  and  canals,  are  vastly  more 
powerful  for  holding  civil  communities  together  than  any  merecove- 
nants,  though  written  on  parchment  or  engraved  upon  iron.  I  remain, 
therefore,  constant  to  my  purpose  to  secure,  if  possible,  the  construc 
tion  of  two  Pacific  railways,  one  of  which  shall  connect  the  ports 
around  the  mouths  of  the  Mississippi,  and  the  other  the  towns  on 
the  Missouri  and  the  lakes,  with  the  harbors  on  our  western  coast. 

If,  in  the  expression  of  these  views,  I  have  not  proposed  what  is 
desired  or  expected  by  many  others,  they  will  do  me  the  justice  to 
Relieve  that  I  am  as  far  from  having  suggested  what,  in  many  respects, 
would  have  been  in  harmony  with  cherished  convictions  of  my  own. 
I  learned  early  from  Jefferson  that,  in  political  affairs,  we  cannot 
always  do  what  seems  to  us  absolutely  best.  Those  with  whom  we 
must  necessarily  act,  entertaining  different  views,  have  the  power  and 
the  right  of  carrying  them  into  practice.  We  must  be  content  to 
lead  when  we  can,  and  to  follow  when  we  cannot  lead ;  and  if  we 
cannot,  at  any  time,  do  for  our  country  all  the  good  that  we  would 


THE   STATE   OF    THE    UNION.  669 

wish,  we  must  be  satisfied  with  doing  for  her  all  the  good  that  we 
can. 

Having  submitted  my  own  opinions  on  this  great  crisis,  it  remains 
only  to  say,  that  I  shall  cheerfully  lend  to  the  government  my  best 

yet  jengrgetic  efforts_it  shall  make  ta 


preserve  the  public  peace,  and  to  maintain  and  preserve  the  Union 
advising,  only,  that  it  practises  far  as  rjossible,  the  utmost  modera 
tion,  forbearance  and  conciliation. 

And  now  what  are  the  auspices  of  the  country  ?  I  know  that  we 
are  in  the  midst  of  alarms,  and  somewhat  exposed  to  accidents  una 
voidable  in  seasons  of  tempestuous  passions.  We  already  have 
disorder,  and  violence  has  begun.  I  know  not  to  what  extent  it 
may  go.  Still  my  faith  in  the  constitution  and  in  the  Union  abides, 
because  my  faith  in  the  wisdom  and  virtue  of  the  American  people 
remains  unshaken.  Coolness,  calmness  and  resolution  are  elements 
of  their  character.  These  have  been  temporarily  displaced,  but  they 
are  reappearing.  Soon  enough,  I  trust,  for  safety,  it  will  be  seen 
that  sedition  and  violence  are  only  local  and  temporary,  and  that 
loyalty  and  affection  to  the  Union  are  the  natural  sentiments  of  the 
whole  country.  Whatever  dangers  there  shall  be,  there  will  be  the 
determination  to  meet  them  ;  whatever  sacrifices,  private'  or  public, 
shall  be  needful  for  the  Union,  they  will  be  made.  I  feel  sure  that 
the  hour  has  not  come  for  this  great  nation  to  fall.  This  people, 
which  has  been  studying  to  become  wiser  and  better  as  it  has  grown 
older,  is  not  yet  perverse  or  wicked  enough  to  deserve  so  dreadful 
and  severe  a  punishment  as  dissolution.  This  Union  has  not  yet 
accomplished  what  good  for  mankind  was  manifestly  designed  by 
Him  who  appoints  the  seasons  and  prescribes  the  duties  of  states 
and  empires.  JSTo  ;  if  it  were  cast  down  by  faction  to-day,  it  would 
rise  again  and  reappear  in  all  its  majestic  proportions  to-morrow.  It 
is  the  only  government  that  can  stand  here.  Woe  !  woe  !  to  the  man 
that  madly  lifts  his  hand  against  it.  It  shall  continue  and  endure; 
and  men,  in^jafter  times,  sball^  declare  that  this  generation,  which 
sjLV^ed  the  Union  frpm.  aucft.  jmddea  and  unloaked^fpr_dangers,  sur- 
passed  in  magnanimity  even  that  one  which  laid  its  foundations  Jin 
the  eternal  principles  of  liberty,  justice  and  humanity^ 


THE  STATE  OF  THE  UNION.1 

I  HAVE  received  a  communication  from  a  committee  of  twenty- 
five  citizens  of  New  York,  who  are  charged  with  the  duty  of 
presenting  to  the  senate  of  the  United  States  the  petition  of  the 
inhabitants  of  that  city,  praying  for  the  exercise  of  the  best  wisdom 
of  congress  in  finding  some  plan  for  the  adjustment  of  the  troubles 
which  disturb  the  peace  and  happiness  and  endanger  the  safety  of 
the  nation. 

Excepting  the  house  of  representatives,  this  senate  chamber  is  the 
largest  hall  that  is,  or  ever  has  been,  occupied  by  a  legislative  assem 
bly  since  the  world  began.  The  memorial  which  I  am  charged  to 
present  is  of  such  a  length  that,  if  extended,  it  would  cross  the  sen 
ate  chamber,  in  its  extremest  length,  eighteen  times.  I  have  already 
presented  memorials  from  the  city  of  New  York  signed  by  citizens 
of  that  place  to  the  number  of  twenty-five  thousand.  This  memo 
rial  bears  the  signatures  of  thirty-eight  thousand  more,  making,  in 
the  whole,  sixty -three  thousand  of  the  inhabitants  of  that  city  who 
have  signed  this  appeal  to  the  senate.  The  committee  who  have 
charge  of  this  memorial  are  a  fair  representation — I  might  almost 
say  an  embodiment — of  the  citizens  who  direct  and  wield  the  com 
merce  of  the  great  emporium  of  our  country,  the  commerce  of  a 
continent,  and  a  commerce  which  this  present  year,  owing  to  the  dis 
tractions  of  the  times,  is  put,  for  the  first  time,  in  the  condition  of 
proving  itself  to  be  the  controlling  commerce  of  the  world.  The 
memorial  which  they  present  may  be  regarded  as  a  fair  expression 
of  the  interest  which  is  felt  by  that  great  commercial  community, 
and  probably  a  fair  exponent  of  the  interest  in  the  same  great  sub 
ject  which  is  felt  by  the  whole  commercial  interest  of  the  United 
States.  In  any  other  part  of  the  world,  such  a  communication 
would  command  obedience.  In  England,  France,  Kussia,  Prussia, 
or  Germany,  a  demonstration  of  the  will  of  the  commerce  of  the 

1  Speech  in  the  Senate  on  presenting  the  New  York  Union  petition,  January  30, 1861 


THE   STATE    OF   THE    UNION.  671 

country  decides  the  questions  of  war  or  of  peace.  Happily,  that  is 
not  the  case  in  this  great  republic.  The  interest  of  commerce  is  but 
one.  The  interest  of  agriculture,  manufactures,  and  mining,  each 
of  them,  is  another.  Each  is  entitled  to,  and  each  secures,  equal 
respect;  and  the  consideration  which  they  obtain  is  due,  not  to  their 
number,  not  to  their  wealth,  but  is  due  to  the  circumstances  under 
which  they  lend  their  advice  to  the  government.  But  I  do  not  hesi 
tate  to  say  that  the  character  of  these  petitioners  entitle  them  to  the 
respectful  attention  and  consideration  of  congress. 

They  have  asked  me  to  support  this  petition.  I  have  not  yet 
found,  though  I  have  anxiously  waited  and  hoped  for,  that  manifes 
tation  of  temper  on  the  part  of  the  people  of  the  country  and  their 
representatives  which  would  justify  me  in  saying  that  the  seceding 
states,  or  those  who  sympathize  with  them,  have  made  propositions 
which  the  citizens  of  the  adhering  states  could  accept;  or,  as  I  desire 
to  speak  with  impartiality  upon  this  as  upon  all  other  occasions,  to 
put  the  proposition  in  another  form,  that  this  or  any  other  of  the 
various  propositions  which  have  come  from  citizens  of  the  adhering 
states,  or  those  wrho  desire  to  adhere  to  the  Union,  would  be  accepta 
ble  and  satisfactory  to  the  other  party.  I  have  thought  it  my  duty 
to  hold  myself  open  and  ready  for  the  best  adjustment  which  could 
be  practically  made;  and  I  have  therefore  been  obliged  to  ask  this 
committee  to  be  content  with  the  assurance  that  I  would  express  to 
the  public  and  to  the  senate  that  the  spirit  in  which  they  come  is 
perfectly  commendable  and  perfectly  satisfactory.  It  is  gratifying 
to  me  to  see  that  the  proper  spirit,  the  spirit  jQf_^ybernal  kindness, 
of  conciliation  and  affection,  is  adopted  by  so  large  a  portion  of  my 
fellow  citizens  of  the  state  to  which  I  belong. 

I  have  asked  them,  also,  in  return  for  performing  my  duty  on  this 
occasion,  that  when  they  have  arrived  at  home,  they  will  act  in  the 
same  spirit  and  manifest  their  devotion  to  the  Union  above  all  other 
interests  and  all  other  sentiments,  by  speaking  for  the  Union,  by 
voting  for  the  Union,  and  if  it  should  be  demanded  by  lending  and 
even  giving  their  money  for  the  Union,  and  fighting  in  the  last  resort 
for  the  Union ;  taking  care  always  that  speaking  goes  before  voting, 
voting  goes  before  giving  money,  and  all  go  before  a  battle,  which  I 
should  regard  as  hazardous  and  dangerous,  and  therefore  the  last,  as 
it  would  be  the  most  painful  measure  to  be  resorted  to  for  the  salva 
tion  of  the  Union. 


672  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 

This  is  the  spirit  in  which  I  have  determined  for  myself  to  come 
up  to  this  great  question,  and  to  pass  through  it,  as  I  sincerely 
believe  we  shall  pass  through  it.  For,  although  this  great  contro 
versy  has  not  been  already  settled,  I  do  not,  therefore,  any  the  less 
calculate  upon  and  hope  and  expect  that  it  will  be  peacefully  settled, 
and  settled  for  the  Union.  I  have  not  been  so  rash  as  to  expect  that 
in  sixty  days,  which  have  been  allowed  to  us  since  the  meeting  of 
congress — and  I  will  be  frank  in  saying  that  I  have  not  expected 
that  in  the  ninety  days  which  are  the  allotted  term  of  congress — this 
great  controversy  would  certainly  be  adjusted,  peace  restored,  and 
the  Union  firmly  reestablished.  I  knew  that  sixty  days,  or  ninety 
days,  was  the  term  that  was  fixed  with  definite  objects  and  purposes 
by  that  portion  of  my  fellow  citizens  who  have  thought  that  it  would 
advance  the  interests  of  the  states  to  which  they  belonged  to  dissever 
the  Union.  I  have  not  expected  that  reason  and  judgment  would 
come  back  to  the  people  and  become  so  pervading,  so  universal,  as 
that  they  would  appreciate  the  danger  and  be  able  to  agree  on  the 
remedies.  Still,  I  have  been  willing  that  it  should  be  tried,  though 
unsuccessfully ;  but  my  confidence  has  remained  the  same,  for  this 
simple  reason  :  that  as  I  have  not  believed  that  the  passion  and 
frenzy  of  the  hour  -could  overturn  this  great  fabric  of  constitutional 
liberty  and  empire  in  ninety  days,  so  I  have  felt  sure  that  there 
would  be  time,  even  after  the  expiration  of  ninety  days,  for  the 
restoration  of  all  that  had  been  lost,  and  for  the  reestablishment  of 
all  that  was  in  danger. 

A  great  many  and  very  various  interests  and  elements  are  brought 
into  conflict  in  this  sudden  crisis ;  a  great  many  personal  ambitions ; 
a  great  many  sectional  interests;  and  it  would  be  strange  if  they 
could  all  be  accommodated  and  arranged  and  harmonized,  so  as  to 
admit  and  give  full  effect  to  the  one  profoundest,  strongest,  and  most 
enduring  sentiment  or  passion  of  the  United  States — that  of  devotion 
to  the  Union.  These,  whether  you  call  them  secession  or  revolution 
on  the  one  side,  or  coercion  or  defiance  on  the  other,  are  all  to  sub 
side  and  pass  away  before  the  Union  is  to  become  the  grand  absorb 
ing  object  of  interest,  affection  and  duty,  upon  the  part  of  the  citi 
zens  of  the  United  States.  A  great  many  partisan  interests  are  to 
be  repressed,  suppressed,  and  to  give  place — partisan  interests 
expressed  by  the  Charleston  platform,  by  the  Baltimore  platform, 
by  the  Chicago  platform,  and  by  the  popular  sovereignty  platform 


THE   STATE   OF   THE    UNION.  673 

— if  indeed  the  Union  is  in  danger  and  is  to  be  saved ;  and  with 
these  interests,  and  with  these  platforms,  everybody  standing  upon 
them  or  connected  with  them,  is  to  pass  away,  if  the  Union  is  in 
danger  and  is  to  be  saved,  before  the  Union  can  be  saved.  But  it 
will  require  a  very  short  time,  if  this  Union  is  in  danger  and  does 
require  to  be  saved,  for  all  these  interests  and  all  these  platforms  and 
all  these  men  to  disappear.  You  and  I,  and  every  one  who  shall 
oppose,  resist,  stand  in  the  way  of  the  preservation  of  this  Union r 
will  appear  but  as  moths  on  a  summer  evening,  when  the  whirlwind 
of  popular  indignation  arises  that  shall  be  excited  at  the  full  disco 
very  that  this  Union  is  endangered  through  faction,  or  even  impracti 
cability  on  our  part. 

I  have  hope,  confidence,  that  all  this  is  to  come  around  just  as  I 
have  said,  and  quite  soon  enough ;  because  I  perceive,  although  we 
may  shut  our  eyes  to  it,  that  the  country  and  mankind  cannot  shut 
their  eyes  to  the  true  nature  of  this  crisis.  There  has  been  a  real,  a 
vital  question  in  this  country  for  twelve  years  at _jgast— a _gjiestio.n 
of  slavery  in  the  terri tories^f ._ the  Uni ted  Stajgs._  It  was  strongest 
in  its  development  in  1850,  when  all  the  Pacific  coast,  and  all  the/ 
territory  intervening  between  it  and  the  Louisiana  purchase,  were 
thrown  upon  our  hands  all  of  a  sudden,  for  the  purpose  of  our 
organizing  in  them  free  and  independent  republican  governments,  as 
a  basis  of  future  states.  It  has  been  an  earnest,  and  I  regret  to  say, 
an  angry  controversy ;  but  the  admission  of  Kansas  into  the  Union 
yesterday  settled  at  least  all  that  was  vital  or  important  in  the  ques 
tion,  leaving  behind  nothing  but  the  passions  which  the  contest  had 
engendered.  Kansas  is  in  the  Union ;  California  and  Oregon  are  in 
the  Union ;  and  now  the  same  contest  divides  and  distracts  this 
Union  for  freedom  and  slavery  in  the  territories  of  the  United 
States,  just  as  before. 

What  is  the  extent  of  the  territories  which  remain  after  the  admis 
sion  of  Minnesota,  of  Oregon,  of  California,  and  of  Kansas?  One 
million  sixty-three  thousand  five  hundred  and  seven  square  miles, 
an  area  twenty-four  times  that  of  the  state  of  New  York,  the  largest 
of  the  old  and  fully  developed  states.  Twenty-four  such  states  as 
this  of  New  York  are  yet  to  be  organized  within  the  remaining  terri 
tories  of  the  United  States.  Now,  under  what  is  accepted  by  the 
administration  of  the  government  as  a  judicial  decree,  upheld  by  it, 
put  in  practical  operation  by  it,  every  inch  of  that  territory  is  slave 

VOL.  IV.  85 


674 


SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED   STATES   SENATE. 


territory — I  speak  of  that  decision  not  as  I  accept  it,  but  as  it  is 
accepted  and  enforced  by  the  existing  administration — every  foot  of 
it  slave  territory  as  much  as  South  Carolina.  Over  a  considerable 
portion  of  it  a  slave  code,  made  by  a  government  created  by  the 
congress  of  the  United  States,  is  enforced ;  so  that,  according  to  the 
claims  of  those  who  insist  upon  a  right  in  the  territory  of  the  United 
States  for  slavery,  the  whole  of  this  one  million  sixty -three  thousand 
square  miles  is  slave  territory.  How  many  slaves  are  there  in  it? 
How  many  have  been  brought  into  it  during  these  twelve  years  in 
which  it  has  been  not  only  relinquished  to  slavery,  but  in  which  the 
court  and  the  legislature  and  the  administration  have  maintained, 
protected,  defended,  and  guaranteed  slavery  there?  Twenty -four 
African  slaves;  one  slave  for  every  forty -four  thousand  square 
miles ;  one  slave  for  every  one  of  the  twenty -four  states  which,  sup 
posing  them  each  to  be  of  the  dimensions  of  New  York  or  Penn 
sylvania  or  Indiana,  are  to  cover  that  portion  of  the  area  of  our 
republic.  I  hayejollowed  this. thing  in  good  faith,  whhjzeal  and 
energy^  but  I  confess  that  I  have  no  fears  of  slavery  now,  wherein 
the  peculiar  condition  of  things  which  has  existed,  slavery  has  suc 
ceeded  in  planting  only  one  slave  upon  every  forty-four  thousand 
square  miles  of  territory. 

This,  then,  has  ceased  to  be  a  practical  question^  In  lieu  of  it 
comes  up  a  great  and  vital  and  fearful  question — ^£J£££&£*\j£ 
imon  or  dissolution  of  the  Union ;  the  question  of  country  or  of 
no  country;tfeez^ie^TonoTnope,  the  question  of  greatness,  or  the 
question  of  sinking  forever  under  the  contempt  of  mankind.  Why 
then,  should  I  despair  that  a  great  people  of  thirty  millions  will  be 
able  to  meet  this  crisis  ?  I  have  no  fear.  This  is  a  confederacy. 
It  is  not  an  imperial  government,  nor  the  government  of  a  single 
state ;  it  is  a  confederacy ;  and  it  is,  as  it  ought  to  be,  dependent 
upon  the  continued  assent  of  all  the  members  of  the  confederacy  to 
its  existence,  and  subject  to  dissolution  by  their  action ;  but  that 
assent  is  to  be  always  taken  by  virtue  of  the  original  assent  and 
held,  until,  in  the  form  prescribed  by  the  constitution  itself,  and  in 
the  time  and  in  the  manner  and  with  all  the  conditions  which  the 
constitution  prescribes,  those  who  constitute  the  Union  shall  declare 
that  it  shall  be  no  longer.  The  thirty  days,  and  sixty  days,  and 
ninety  days,  given  us  by  the  disunionists  may  not  be  enough  for 
their  policy  and  their  purposes.  I  hope  and  trust  that  it  may  be 


THE   STATE   OF  THE   UNION.  675 

time  enough  for  the  policy  and  purposes  of  the  lovers  of  the  Union. 
God  grant  that  it  may  be  so !  But  if  this  term  shall  turn  out  not  to 
he  enough,  then  I  see  how  and  when  all  these  great  controversies 
will  be  settled,  just  as  our  forefathers  foresaw  when  they  framed  the 
constitution.  They  provided,  seventy  years  ago,  that  this  present 
controversy,  this  whole  controversy,  shall  be  submitted  to  the  people 
of  the  United  States  in  convention,  called  according  to  the  forms  of 
the  constitution,  and  acting  in  the  manner  prescribed  by  it.  Then 
this  country  will  find  sudden  relief  in  the  prompt  and  unanimous 
adoption  of  the  measures  necessary  for  its  salvation ;  and  the  world 
will  see  how  well  and  how  wisely  a  great,  enlightened,  educated, 
Christian  people,  consisting  of  thirty -four  sovereign  states,  can  adjust 
difficulties  which  had  seemed,  even  to  themselves,  as  well  as  to  man 
kind,  to  be  insurmountable. 

Mr.  MASON  (after  other  remarks)  said :  I  can  understand,  Mr.  President,  what 
the  senator  means  when  he  recommends  to  his  constituents  to  speak  for  the 
Union  ;  we  have  had  a  great  deal  of  that ;  I  can  understand  what  he  means  when 
he  recommends  them  to  vote  for  the  Union,  because  he  coupled  it  with  a  recom 
mendation  that  they  should  go  into  state  convention ;  but  I  demand  to  know 
what  he  means  by  their  contributing  money  for  the  Union. 

I  will  explain  to  the  honorable  senator,  if  he  wishes.  During  the 
present  session  of  congress,  the  government  of  this  Union  has  seen 
a  sudden  depreciation  of  its  credit.  From  one  condition  of  things 
which  existed  a  year  or  two  ago,  when  all  the  stocks  of  the  Union 
were  at  a  premium,  they  have  fallen  until  recently,  at  one  time,  the 
credit  of  the  Union  was  at  a  discount  of  thirty  per  cent,  while  the 
credit  of  the  state  of  New  York,  on  her  six  per  cent  stock,  all  the 
while  commands  a  premium.  The  commercial  community,  who 
to-day  petition  congress,  have  the  treasure  of  the  commercial  city  in 
their  keeping.  I  have  recommended  to  these  gentlemen  here,  publicly, 
as  I  have  heretofore  recommended  to  them  privately,  that  they  should 
advance  to  the  Union  money  on  loans  and  on  treasury  notes,  as  they 
are  now  furnishing  in  that  way  to  the  Union  the  funds  with  which 
the  president  of  the  United  States,  the  departments,  the  congress, 
the  courts,  yourself  and  myself,  the  senator  from  Virginia,  thearrny, 
navy,  and  every  branch  of  the  government,  is  actually  sustained, 
I  have  recommended  to  them,  in  this  crisis,  that  they  sustain  the 
government  of  their  country  with  the  credit  to  which  it  is  entitled 
at  their  hands. 


676  SPEECHES  IN  THE   UNITED  STATES  SENATE. 

I  contemplated,  after  the  expiration  of  all  the  multitudinous  trials 
they  are  making  to  save  this  Union  by  compromise,  a  convention 
of  the  people  of  the  United  States,  called  in  constitutional  form ; 
and  when  that  shall  have  been  held,  or  refused  to  be  held,  and  found 
to  be  impossible  to  obtain ;  if,  then,  this  Union  is  to  stand  or  fall  by 
the  force  of  arms,  I  have  advised  my  people  to  do,  as  I  shall  be  ready 
to  do  myself,  stand  in  the  breach,  and  stand  with  it  or  perish  with  it, 

Mr.  MASON. — Then  we  have  it  definite.  I  want  to  bring  the  honorable  senator 
the  exponent  of  the  new  administration,  to  the  policy  which  is  to  be  adopted.  I 
understand  from  him  now,  that  remedies  failing  through  the  constitution  by  the 
conventions  of  the  states,  his  recommendation  is  battle  and  bloodshed  to  preserve 
the  Union ;  and  his  recommendation  to  his  people  is,  that  they  shall  contribute 
the  money  which  shall  march  the  army  upon  the  south ;  for  what  ?  To  preserve 
the  Union? 

I  look  to  no  such  contingency  as  seceded  states  and  a  dissevered 
Union.  I  look  to  no  such  condition  of  things.  The  honorable 
senator  and  I  differ  in  regard  to  the  future.  He,  with  an  earnest 
will  and  ardent  imagination,  sees  this  country  hereafter  rent  and  dis 
severed,  and  then  recombined  into  separate  confederacies.  I  see  no- 
such  thing  in  the  future ;  but  j^dojsee,  through  the  return  of  reason 
and  judgment  to  the  American  people,  a  return  of  public  harmony^ 
and  the  consolidation  of  the  Union  firmeiHEan  ever  before.  The 
honorable  senator  from  Virginia  can  very  easily  see  that  we  may 
differ  in  our  anticipations  and  expectations  of  the  future,  because  we 
differ  so  much  in  regard  to  the  actual,  living  present.  Here  I  am  in 
the  Union  of  the  United  States,  this  same  blessed,  glorious,  nobly- 
inherited,  God-given  Union,  in  the  senate  chamber  of  the  United 
States,  pleading  for  it,  maintaining  it,  and  defending  it. 

The  honorable  senator  from  Virginia  says  it  is  gone,  there  is  no 
Union ;  and  yet  he  is  here  on  this  same  floor  with  me.  Where,  then, 
is  he  ?  In  the  Union,  or  out  of  the  Union  ?  He  is  actually  present 
here ;  and  in  spite  of  himself  I  hold  him  to  be  still  with  myself  in 
this  glorious  old  Union.  I  will  not  strain  the  remark,  which  he  means 
to  put  forth  with  candor  and  frankness.  I  therefore  assume  that  he 
infers  because  some  other  senators  were  here  a  short  time  ago,  his 
associates  and  mine,  and  are  not  here  now,  but  have  withdrawn,  under 
circumstances  known  to  the  world,  and  which,  for  obvious  reasons,  I 
refrain  from  commenting  on,  therefore  their  states  are  gone  and  the 
Union  is  gone  with  them.  The  senate  chamber  is  here ;  the  states 


THE   STATE   OF   THE    UNION.  677 

are  here ;  the  Union  is  here  still.  Here  they  will  all  be ;  and  I 
expect  that,  in  the  exercise  of  public  reason,  the  free  choice  of  these 
states,  these  places  will  all  be  filled.  If  I  contemplate  in  any  case 
that  it  may  be  necessary  to  fight  for  this  Union,  it  is  because  treason 
and  sedition  may  arise,  not  alone  or  only  in  a  state  of  the  south,  but 
in  states  of  the  north,  anywhere  and  everywhere,  be  excited  and 
.armed,  so  as  to  assail  the  Union ;  and  whenever  it  shall  come  to 
that,  whether  it  is  in  my  own  state  or  in  any  other  state  of  the  Union, 
then  I  expect  that,  whatever  can  be  done  having  been  done — as  I 
have  already  indicated  that  all  shall  be  done  which  reason  can  do — 
then  I  expect  that  what  is  right  to  be  done  shall  be  done  in  the  way  in 
which  treason  in  the  last  resort  is  necessarily  as  well  as  lawfully  met 

Mr.  MASON. — Mr.  President,  giving  the  honorable  senator  the  full  advantage  of 
his  present  commentary  upon  the  speech  that  preceded  it,  I  yet  place  before  the 
American  people  the  fact  that  he  proposes  but  one  remedy,  either  to  preserve  this 
Union  or  to  restore  it,  and  that  is  the  ultima  ratio  regum. 

Mr.  SEWARD. — Not  to  restore — preserve. 

Mr.  MASON. — I  will  take  his  own  language.  Let  the  facts  be  what  they  may,  he 
presents  but  one  remedy — the  argument  of  the  tyrant — force,  compulsion,  power. 
This  is  the  only  resort  that  the  honorable  senator  has  evinced,  either  in  his  speech 
or  in  his  commentary.  He  says  he  is  for  punishing  sedition  and  treason,  whether 
it  is  found  in  the  south  or  in  the  north. 

I  have  been  surprised  at  the  delusion  which  the  honorable  sena 
tor  from  Virginia  has  been  able  to  practise  upon  himself,  so  as  to 
make  out  of  a  speech,  peaceful,  fraternal,  cordial,  such  as  I  have 
made,  a  declaration  of  war.  I  cannot  account  for  it,  how  it  is  that, 
while  his  sense  of  honor  remains  clear  and  bright — as  I  confess  with 
pleasure  it  does — he  avoids  by  design  personalities  which  might  irri 
tate,  yet  his  judgment  is,  somehow  or  other,  so  under  the  influence 
of  his  passion  that  he  can  see  nothing  but  war  in  a  speech  which 
proposes  simply  this :  that  since  this  Union  is  in  danger,  every  other 
question  should  be  subordinate  to  the  consideration  and  the  removal 
of  that  danger  by  the  pacific,  constitutional  action  of  the  American 
people ;  by  speech  first,  by  vote,  by  consultation,  by  supplying  and 
maintaining  the  credit  of  the  government,  and,  in  the  last  alterna 
tive,  after  having  exhausted  all  the  existing  means  of  settlement, 
.and  all  others  that  might  be  suggested ;  and  finally,  after  a  constitu 
tional  convention  of  the  United  States,  called  in  the  forms  of  the 
•constitution — then,  to  stand  by  this  good  old  flag,  and,  if  it  is  to  fall 
from  its  eminence,  be  wrapped  in  its  folds. 


678  SPEECHES   IN   THE    UNITED    STATES   SENATE. 

That  honorable  senator  could  have  recollected  that  I  came  into 
the  committee  of  thirteen ;  that  I  listened  to  every  proposition  that 
was  made ;  that  I  gave  it  deliberate — will  any  one  say  it  was  not 
fraternal  ? — consideration.  Will  any  one  say  that  I  offered  up  no 
prejudices,  no  concessions,  to  propitiate  an  arrangement  ?  Which 
one  of  all  the  propositions  that  have  been  made  have  I  refused  to 
consider?  None.  When  I  have  voted  to  substitute  a  constitutional 
provision  for  the  settlement  of  this  question,  such  as  that  which  was 
offered  by  the  honorable  senator  from  New  Hampshire  [Mr.  CLARK], 
in  preference  to  the  proposition  which  requires  us  to  take,  in  an 
unconstitutional  and  ineffectual  way,  the  sentiments  of  the  people 
on  the  proposition  of  the  honorable  senator  from  Kentucky,  did  I 
do  it  in  a  spirit  otherwise  than  that  which  belongs  to  a  representa 
tive  of  the  people  who  seek  concessions  ?  In  regard  to  this  very 
proceeding  of  the  honorable  senator's  state  which  he  so  proudly  com 
mends,  and  in  terms  to  which  I  respond,  have  I  not  recommended 
to  my  own  state,  and  is  it  not  acting,  in  sending  commissioners  to 
meet  the  other  states  in  that  convention  ?  Does  not  the  honorable 
senator  know  that  the  state  of  New  York  stands  ready  to  hear  and 
consider  every  plan,  whether  within  the  forms  of  the  constitu 
tion  or  without  them,  to  settle  this  question  peacefully  and  without 
resort  to  the  sword,  and  that  I  am  with  the  state  of  New  York  in 
that  action  ?  It  is  simply  because  I  have  learned  from  the  interest 
in  which — the  honorable  senator  will  excuse  me  for  saying — I  under 
stood  him  to  speak,  that  neither  any  suggestion  that  has  been  made 
yet  and  considered,  nor  any  that  that  convention  can  make  and  con 
sider  arid  submit,  or  any  other  that  has  yet  been  projected,  will  be 
satisfactory  to  that  interest  of  secession  or  disunion  in  which  interest 
he  speaks.  I  then  have  submitted  alone  that  further  one :  that  when 
all  these  have  failed,  then  the  states  of  this  Union,  according  to  the 
forms  of  the  constitution,  and  in  the  spirit  in  which  it  was  made, 
shall  take  up  this  controversy  about  twenty-four  negro  slaves  scat 
tered  over  a  territory  of  one  million  fifty  thousand  square  miles, 
and  say  whether,  with  the  honorable  senator  from  Virginia,  they  are 
willing  to  sacrifice  all  this  liberty,  all  this  greatness,  all  this  happi 
ness,  and  all  this  hope,  because  they  have  not  intelligence,  wisdom 
and  virtue  enough  to  adjust  a  controversy  so  frivolous  and  con 
temptible. 


APPENDIX. 


THE   REPUBLICAN   PLATFORM.1 

CHICAGO,  MAY,  1860. 

Resolved.  That  we,  the  delegated  representatives  of  the  republican  electors  of 
the  United  States,  in  convention  assembled,  in  discharge  of  the  duty  we  owe  to 
our  constituents  and  our  country,  unite  in  the  following  declarations : 

FIRST.  That  the  history  of  the  nation  during  the  last  four  years  has  fully 
established  the  propriety  and  necessity  of  the  organization  and  perpetuation  of 
the  republican  party,  and  that  the  causes  which  called  it  into  existence  are  perma 
nent  in  their  nature,  and  now  more  than  ever  before  demand  its  peaceful  and 
constitutional  triumph. 

SECOND.  That  the  maintenance  of  the  principles  promulgated  in  the  declaration 
of  independence  and  embodied  in  the  federal  constitution,  i:  That  all  men  are 
created  equal ;  that  they  are  endowed  by  their  Creator  with  certain  inalienable 
rights;  that  among  these  are  life,  liberty,  and  the  pursuit  of  happiness ;  that  to 
secure  these  rights,  governments  are  instituted  among  men,  deriving  their  just 
powers  from  the  consent  of  the  governed,"  is  essential  to  the  preservation  of  our 
republican  institutions ;  and  that  the  federal  constitution,  the  rights  of  the  states, 
and  the  Union  of  the  states,  must  and  shall  be  preserved. 

THIRD.  That  to  the  Union  of  the  states  this  nation  owes  its  unprecedented 
increase  in  population;  its  surprising  development  of  material  resources  ;  its  rapid 
augmentation  of  wealth ;  its  happiness  at  home  and  its  honor  abroad ;  and  we 
hold  in  abhorrence  all  schemes  for  disunion,  come  from  whatever  source  they  may  ; 
and  we  congratulate  the  country  that  no  republican  member  of  congress  has 
uttered  or  countenanced  the  threats  of  disunion,  so  often  made  by  democratic 
members,  without  rebuke  and  with  applause  from  their  political  associates;  and 
we  denounce  those  threats  of  disunion,  in  case  of  a  popular  overthrow  of  their 
ascendency,  as  denying  the  vital  principles  of  a  free  government,  and  as  an  avowal 
of  contemplated  treason,  which  it  is  the  imperative  duty  of  an  indignant  people 
pternly  to  rebuke  and  forever  silence. 

FOURTH.  That  the  maintenance  inviolate  of  the  rights  of  the  states,  and  espe 
cially  the  right  of  each  state,  to  order  and  control  its  own  domestic  institutions 
according  to  its  own  judgment  exclusively,  is  essential  to  that  balance  of  power 
on  which  the  perfection  and  endurance  of  our  political  fabric  depends,  and  we 
denounce  the  lawless  invasion  by  armed  force  of  the  soil  of  any  state  or  territory, 
no  matter  under  what  pretext,  as  among  the  gravest  of  crimes. 

FIFTH.  That  the  present  democratic  administration  has  far  exceeded  our  worst 
apprehension  in  its  measureless  subserviency  to  the  exactions  of  a  sectional  interest, 
us  is  especially  evident  in  its  desperate  exertions  to  force  the  infamous  Lecompton 
constitution  upon  the  protesting  people  of  Kansas — in  construing  the  personal 
relation  between  master  and  servant  to  involve  an  unqualified  property  in  persons 
— in  its  attempted  enforcement  everywhere,  on  land  and  sea,  through  the  inter 
vention  of  congress'  and  of  the  federal  courts,  of  the  extreme  pretensions  of  a  purely 
local  interest,  and  in  its  general  and  unvarying  abuse  of  the  power  entrusted  to  it 
by  a  confiding  people. 

SIXTH.  That  the  people  justly  view  with  alarm  the  reckless  extravagance  which 
pervades  every  department  of  the  federal  government;  that  a  return  to  rigid 

1  See  ante,  page  76. 


680  APPENDIX. 

economy  and  accountability  is  indispensable  to  arrest  the  systematic  plunder  of 
the  public  treasury  by  favored  partisans ;  while  the  recent  startling  developments 
of  frauds  and  corruptions  at  the  federal  metropolis,  show  that  an  entire  change  of 
Administration  is  imperatively  demanded. 

SEVENTH.  That  the  new  dogma  that  the  constitution  of  its  own  force  carries 
slavery  into  any  or  all  of  the  territories  of  the  United  States,  is  a  dangerous  political 
heresy,  at  variance  with  the  explicit  provisions  of  that  instrument  itself,  with 
riotemporaneous  exposition,  and  with  legislative  and  judicial  precedent,  is  revolu 
tionary  in  its  tendency  and  subversive  of  the  peace  and  harmony  of  the  country. 

EIGHTH.  That  the  normal  condition  of  all  the  territory  of  the  United  States  is 
that  of  freedom ;  that  as  our  republican  fathers,  when  they  had  abolished  slavery 
in  all  our  national  territory,  ordained  that  no  "person  should  be  deprived  of  life, 
liberty  or  property,  without  due  process  of  law!"  it  becomes  our  duty,  by  legislation, 
whenever  such  legislation  is  necessary,  to  maintain  this  provision  of  the  constitu 
tion  against  all  attempts  to  violate  it;  and  we  deny  the  authority  of  congress,  of 
u  territorial  legislature,  or  of  any  individuals,  to  give  legal  existence  to  slavery  in 
any  territory  of  the  United  States. 

NINTH.  That  we  brand  the  recent  reopening  of  the  African  slave  trade,  under 
the  cover  of  our  national  flag,  aided  by  perversions  of  judicial  power,  as  a  crime 
against  humanity,  and  a  burning  shame  to  our  country  and  age,  and  we  call  upon 
congress  to  take  prompt  and  efficient  measures  for  the  total  and  final  suppression 
of  that  execrable  traffic. 

TENTH.  That  in  the  recent  vetoes  by  the  federal  governors  of  the  acts  of  the 
legislatures  of  Kansas  and  Nebraska,  prohibiting  slavery  in  those  territories,  we 
find  a  practical  illustration  of  the  boasted  democratic  principle  of  non-intervention 
and  popular  sovereignty,  embodied  in  the  Kansas-Nebraska  bill,  and  a  demonstra 
tion  of  the  deception  and  fraud  involved  therein. 

ELEVENTH.  That  Kansas  should  of  right  be  immediately  admitted  as  a  state, 
under  the  constitution  recently  formed  and  adopted  by  her  people,  and  accepted 
by  the  house  of  representatives. 

TWELFTH.  That  while  providing  revenue1  for  the  support  of  the  general  govern 
ment  by  duties  upon  imports,  sound  policy  requires  such  an  adjustment  of  these 
imposts  as  to  encourage  the  development  of  the  industrial  interests  of  the  whole 
country,  and  we  commend  that  policy  of  national  exchanges  which  secures  to  the 
workingmen  liberal  wages,  to  agriculture  remunerating  prices,  to  mechanics  and 
manufacturers  an  adequate  reward  for  their  skill,  labor  and  enterprise,  and  to  the 
nation  commercial  prosperity  and  independence. 

THIRTEENTH.  That  we  protest  against  any  sale  or  alienation  to  others  of  the  public 
lands  held  by  actual  settlers,  and  against  any  view  of  the  free  homestead  policy 
which  regards  the  settlers  as  paupers  or  suppliants  for  public  bounty,  and  we 
demand  the  passage  by  congress  of  the  complete  and  satisfactory  homestead  mea 
sure  which  has  already  passed  the  house. 

FOURTEENTH.  That  the  republican  party  is  opposed  to  any  change  in  our  naturali 
zation  laws,  or  any  state  legislation  by  which  the  rights  of  citizenship  hitherto 
accorded  by  emigrants  from  foreign  lands  shall  be  abridged  or  impaired ;  and  in 
favor  of  giving  a  full  and  efficient  protection  to  the  rights  of  all  classes  of  citizens, 
whether  native  or  naturalized,  both  at  home  and  abroad. 

FIFTEENTH.  That  appropriation  by  congress  for  river  and  harbor  improvements  of 
a  national  character,  required  for  the  accommodation  and  security  of  an  existing 
commerce,  are  authorized  by  the  constitution  and  justified  by  the  obligation  of 
government  to  protect  the  lives  and  property  of  its  citizens. 

SIXTEENTH.  That  a  railroad  to  the  Pacific  ocean  is  imperatively  demanded  by 
the  interests  of  the  whole  country  ;  that  the  federal  government  ought  to  render 
immediate  and  efficient  aid  in  its  construction ;  and  that,  as  preliminary  thereto,  a 
daily  overland  mail  should  be  promptly  established. 

SeVENTEENTH.  Finally,  having  thus  set  forth  our  distinctive  principles  and  views, 
we  invite  the  cooperation  of  all  citizens,  however  differing  on  other  questions 
who  substantially  agree  with  us  in  their  affirmance  and  support. 


SPEECHES  AT  THE  CHICAGO  CONVENTION.1 

WM.  M.  EVARTS,  Chairman  of  the  New  York  Delegation : 

The  state  of  New  York,  by  a  full  delegation,  with  complete  unanimity  of  pur 
pose  at  home,  came  to  this  convention  and  presented  to  its  choice  one  of  its 
citizens,  who  had  served  the  state  from  boyhood  up,  who  had  labored  for  and 
loved  it  We  came  from  a  great  state,  with,  as  we  thought,  a  great  statesman, 
and  our  love  of  the  great  republic,  from  which  we  are  all  delegates,  the  great 
American  Union,  and  our  love  of  the  great  republican  party  of  the  Union,  and 
our  love  of  our  statesman  and  candidate,  made  us  think  ^hat  we  did  our  duty  to 
the  country,  and  the  whole  country,  in  expressing  our  love  and  preference  for  him. 
For,  it  was  from  Gov.  Seward  that  most  of  us  learned  to  love  republican  principles 
and  the  republican  party.  His  fidelity  to  the  country,  the  constitution  and  the 
laws;  his  fidelity  to  the  party  and  the  principle  that  the  majority  govern;  his 
interest  in  the  advancement  of  our  party  to  its  victory,  that  our  country  may  rise 
to  its  true  glory,  induces  me  to  assume  to  speak  his  sentiments,  as  I  do,  indeed, 
the  opinions  of  our  whole  delegation  when  I  move  you,  as  I  do  now,  that  the 
nomination  of  Abraham  Lincoln,  of  Illinois,  as  the  republican  candidate  for  the 
sum-ages  of  the  whole  country  for  the  office  of  chief  magistrate  of  the  American 
Union,  be  made  unanimous. 
JOHN  A.  ANDREW,  Chairman  of  the  Massachusetts  Delegation : 

I  am  deputed  by  the  united  voice  of  the  Massachusetts  delegation  to  second 
the  motion'just  proposed  by  the  distinguished  citizen  of  New  York,  who  repre 
sents  the  delegation  of  that  noble  state.  I  second  that  motion,  therefore,  in  the 
name  of  Massachusetts,  that  the  nomination  of  Abraham  Lincoln  be  made  unani 
mous.  Gentlemen,  the  people  of  Massachusetts  hold  in  their  heart  of  hearts, 
next  to  their  reverence  and  love  for  Christian  faith,  their  reverence  and  love  for 
the  doctrine  of  equal  and  impartial  liberty.  We  are  republicans,  more  than  a 
hundred  thousand  strong,  of  the  old  stamp  of  the  Revolution.  We  have  come 
up  here — the  delegation  from  Massachusetts — from  the  ground  where  on  Bunker's 
Hill  the  Yankees  of  New  England  met  the  deadly  fire  of  Britain.  We  have  come 
from  Concord,  where  was  spilled  the  first  blood  of  the  Revolution ;  from  Lexing 
ton,  where  the  embattled  farmers  fired  the  shot  that  was  heard  around  the  world. 
We  have  come  from  Faneuil  Hall,  where  spoke  the  patriots  and  sages  and  orators 
of  the  earliest  and  best  days  of  American  history,  where  our  fathers  heard  pro 
pounded  those  doctrines  and  principles  of  liberty  and  human  equality  which  found 
their  enunciation  and  exposition  in  the  constitution  of  Massachusetts,  and  by 
which,  under  judicial  decision,  human  slavery  was  banished  from  the  venerable 
soil  of  that  ancient  commonwealth,  before  the  Colonies  became  a  united  People. 
We  have  come  from  the  shadow  of  the  old  South  church,  where  American  liberty 
was  baptized  in  the  waters  of  religion.  We  hold  the  purpose  firm  and  strong,  as 
we  have  held  it  through  the  tedious  struggle  of  years  now  gone  by,  to  rescue, 
before  we  die,  the  holy  ark  of  American  liberty  from  the  grasp  of  the  Philistines. 
Yes,  sir,  whether  in  the  majority,  or  without  the  majority  of  the  American 
people,  there  we  stand.  Whether  in  victory  or  in  defeat,  there  we  stand, 
and,  as  said  the  Apostle,  "having  done  all,  still  there  we  will  stand,  and 
because  of  our  love  and  of  our  faith."  The  affection  of  our  hearts  and  the  judg 
ment  of  our  intellects  bound  our  political  fortunes  to  William  Henry  Seward,  of  New- 
York,  him  who  is  the  brightest  and  most  shining  light  of  this  political  generation, 
him  who  by  the  unanimous  selection  of  the  foes  of  our  cause  and  our  men,  has  for 
years  been  the  determined  standard-bearer  of  liberty — William  H.  Seward — 
whether  in  the  legislature  of  his  native  state  of  New  York,  whether  as  governor 
of  that  imperial  commonwealth,  or  whether  as  senator  of  the  United  States, 

1  See  Memoir,  ante  page  78. 

VOL.  IV.  86 


682  APPENJVIX. 

or  as  a  tribune  of  the  people,  ever  faithful,  ever  true.  In  the  thickest  and  the 
hottest  of  every  battle,  there  waved  the  white  plume  of  the  gallant  leader  of 
New  York.  And  by  no  hand  of  Massachusetts  was  it  for  him  to  be  stricken 
down.  Dearly  as  we  love  triumph,  we  are  used  to  momentary  defeat  because  we 
know  we  are  right;  and  whatever  storms  assail  our  ship,  before  whatever  irales 
she  may  reel  and  quake,  we  know  that  if  the  bark  sinks  it  is  but  to  another  sea. 
We  know  that  this  cause  of  ours  is  bound  to  triumph,  and  that  the  American 
people  will,  one  day,  be  convinced,  if  not  in  1860,  that  the  path  of  duty  and 
patriotism  leads  in  the  direction  of  the  republican  cause.  It  was  not  for  us 
to  strike  down  William  Henry  Seward,  of  New  York.  But,  as  we  love  the  cause, 
and  as  we  respect  our  own  convictions,  and  as  we  mean  to  be  faithful  to  the  only 
organization  on  earth  which  is  in  the  van  of  the  cause  of  freedom,  so  do  we.  with 
entire  fidelity  of  heart^with  entire  concurrence  of  judgment,  with  the  firmest  and 
most  fixed  purpose  of  our  will,  adopt  the  opinion  of  the  majority  of  this  convention. 

CARL  SCHURZ,  of  Wisconsin  : 

I  am  commissioned  by  the  delegation  of  Wisconsin  to  second  the  motion  made 
by  the  distinguished  gentleman  from  New  York.  The  delegates  of  Wisconsin 
were  directed  to  cast  their  votes  unanimously  for  William  H.  Seward,  and  it  is 
unnecessary  to  say  that  the  instructions  we  received  added  but  solemn  obligations 
of  our  constitute!] ts  to  the  spontaneous  impulses  of  our  hearts.  It  would  be  need 
less  to  say  anything  in  praise  of  Mr.  Seward.  His  claims  stand  recorded  in  the 
annals  of  the  country,  and  they  are  reported  in  the  hearts  of  the  people.  He 
needs  no  eulogy  here,  and  my  vote  can  add  nothing  to  so  powerful  a  testimony. 
We  went  for  him  because  we  considered  him  the  foremost  among  the  best,  and 
to  whatever  may  be  said  in  his  praise  I  will  add  but  one  thing.  I  now  am 
speaking  in  the  spirit  of  Mr.  Seward,  when  I  say  that  his  ambition  will  be  satisfied 
with  the  success  of  the  cause  which  was  the  dream  of  his  youth,  and  to  which  he 
has  devoted  all  the  days  of  his  manhood — even  if  the  name  of  Wm.  H.  Seward 
should  remain  in  history  an  instance  of  the  highest  merit  uncrowned  with  the 
highest  honor.  We  stood  by  Mr.  Seward  to  the  last,  and  we  stand  by  him  now 
in  supporting  Mr.  Lincoln.  With  the  platform  we  adopted  yesterday,  and  with 
the  candidate  who  so  fairly  represents  it,  as  Mr.  Lincoln  does,  we  defy  all  the 
passion  and  prejudice  that  may  be  enforced  against  us  by  our  opponents.  We 
defy  the  whole  slave  power  and  the  whole  vassalage  of  hell.  Aye,  and  we  defy 
the  "Little  Giant"  himself.  Again,  I  say  we  stand  by  Mr.  Seward  as  we  did 
before — for  we  know  that  he  will  be  at  the  head  of  our  column,  joining  in  the 
battle-cry  that  joins  us  now,  "Lincoln  and  victory." 

AUSTIN  BLAIR,  of  Michigan  : 

Like  my  friend  who  has  just  taken  his  seat,  the  state  of  Michigan,  from  first 
to  last,  has  cast  her  vote  for  the  great  statesman  of  New  York.  She  has  nothing 
to  take  back.  She  has  not  sent  me  forward  to  worship  the  rising  sun,  but  she  has 
put  me  forward  to  say  that,  at  your  behests  here  to-day,  she  lays  down  her  first, 
best  loved  candidate  to  take  up  yours,  with  some  bleeding  of  the  heart,  with  some 
quivering  in  the  veins ;  but  she  does  not  fear  that  the  fame  of  Seward  will  suffer, 
for  she  knows  that  his  fame  is  a  portion  of  the  history  of  the  American  Union ; 
it  will  be  written  and  read  and  beloved  long  after  the  temporary  excitement  of 
this  day  has  passed  away,  and  when  presidents  are  themselves  forgotten  in  the  obli 
vion  which  comes  over  all  temporal  things.  We  stand  by  him  still.  We  have 
followed  him  with  a  single  eye  and  with  unwavering  faith  in  times  past.  We 
marshal  now  behind  him  in  the  grand  column  which  shall  go  out  to  battle  for 
Abraham  Lincoln  of  Illinois,  and  to  conquer ;  for  mark  you,  what  has  happened 
to-day  will  happen  in  November  next — Lincoln  will  be  elected  with  just  such  a 
shout  as  has  been  given  to-day  in  this  vast  assemblage. 

O.  H.  BROWNING,  of  Illinois : 

On  behalf  of  the  Illinois  delegation  I  have  been  requested  to  make  some  proper 
response  to  the  speeches  that  we  have  heard  from  our  friends  of  the  other  states. 


SPEECHES   AT  THE  CHICAGO   CONVENTION.  683 

Illinois  ought  hardly  on  this  occasion  to  be  expected  to  make  a  speech,  or  called 
upon  to  do  so.  I  desire  to  say,  gentlemen  of  the  convention,  that  in  the  con 
test  through  which  we  have  just  passed,  we  have  been  actuated  by  no  feeling  of 
hostility  to  the  illustrious  statesman  from  New  York,  who  was  in  competition  with 
our  own  loved  and  gallant  son.  No  republican  who  has  a  love  of  freedom  in  his 
heart,  and  who  has  marked  the  course  of  Gov.  Seward,  of  New  York,  in  the 
councils  of  our  nation,  who  has  witnessed  the  many  occasions  upon  which  he  has 
risen  to  the  very  hight  of  moral  sublimity  in  his  conflicts  with  the  enemies  of  free 
institutions  ;  no  heart  that  has  the  love  of  freedom  in  it  and  has  witnessed  these 
great  conflicts  of  his,  can  do  otherwise  than  venerate  his  name.  On  this  occasion 
I  desire  to  say,  only,  that  the  hearts  of  the  Illinois  delegation  are  to-day  filled 
with  emotions  of  gratification  for  which  they  have  no  utterance.  We  are  not 
more  overcome  by  the  triumph  of  our  noble  Lincoln,  loving  him  as  we  do,  knowing 
the  purity  of  his  past  life,  the  integrity  of  his  character,  and  devotion  to  the  princi 
ples  of  our  party,  and  the  gallantry  with  which  we  will  be  conducted  through 
this  contest,  than  we  are  by  the  magnanimity  of  our  friends  of  the  great  and 
glorious  state  of  New  York,  in  moving  to  make  this  nomination  unanimous. 

JOHN  D.  BALDWIN,  Worcester,  Massachusetts  : 

I  went  to  the  Chicago  convention  feeling  it  my  duty  to  do  everything  in  my 
power  to  secure  the  nomination  of  Mr.  Seward.  This  was  required  by  the 
preferences  of  those  I  represented  and  by  my  own  sentiments.  It  is  now- 
unnecessary  to  go  into  an  extended  eulogy  of  Mr.  Seward.  He  is  one  of  the 
great  men  of  the  age,  whose  fame  is  as  wide  as  the  civilized  world.  He  is  thought 
of  in  Europe  as  we  think  of  him  here.  One  evening,  after  Charles  Sumner's 
return  from  Europe,  at  a  supper  where  I  heard  him  relate  many  incidents  con 
nected  with  his  stay  in  Europe,  Mr.  Sumner  spoke  of  Win.  E.  Gladstone,  the 
coining  man  in  Great  Britain,  as  "  the  most  accomplished  orator  that  speaks  in  the 
English  language,  and  gave  the  company  Mr.  Gladstone's  opinion  of  Mr.  Seward. 
It  was  as  follows:  "Mr.  Seward's  argument  in  the  Freeman  case  is  the  greatest 
forensic  effort  in  the  English  language."  An  English  gentleman  present  replied: 
u  The  greatest  ?  Mr.  Gladstone,  you  forget  Erskine."  "No,"  replied  Mr.  Glad 
stone,  UI  do  not  forget  Mr.  Erskine;  Mr.  Seward's  argument  is  the  greatest 
forensic  effort  in  the  language."  And  he  is  regarded  abroad,  as  well  as  at  home, 
as  one  of  the  most  philosophic  and  profound  statesmen  living.  Mr.  Seward  could 
not  be  made  greater  by  the  presidency,  and  he  can  feel,  as  we  do,  that  it  is  better 
to  be  William  H.  Seward  than  to  be  president. 


THE  REPUBLICAN  CENTRAL  COMMITTEE:  -^EW  YORK,  May  19   1860. 

To  Hon.  William  H.  Seward  —  Dear  Sir-  —  We_^d4Hess  you  w^h  feelings  of 
regret  that  cannot  be  sufficiently  expressed._The  refuTroTThet^tncitgo  convention' 
has  been  more  than  a  "surprise  to  the  republicans  of  New  York.  That  you,  who 
have  been  the  earliest  defender  of  republican  principles  —  the  acknowledged  head 
and  leader  of  the  party  —  who  have  given  direction  to  its  movements,  and  form 
and  substance  to  its  acts  —  that  you  should  have  been  put  aside  upon  the  narrow 
ground  of  expediency,  we  can  hardly  realize  or  believe.  Whatever  the  decision 
of  this,  or  a  hundred  other  conventions,  we  recognize  in  you  the  real  leader  of 
the  republican  party  ;  and  the  citizens  of  every  state  and  of  all  creeds  and  parties, 
and  the  history  of  our  country  will  confirm  this  judgment. 

As  that  leader  —  as  one  to  whom  we  shall  hereafter  as  in  times  past  look  for 
counsel  and  direction,  the  republicans  of  this  city  desire,  that  you  should  be  with 
them  at  the  first  public  meeting  which  will  be  held.  Your  presence  will  at  least 
alleviate  their  disappointment,  and  revive  their  exertions;  and  will  also  enable- 
them  again  to  evidence  their  undiminished  confidence  and  attachment,  and  their 
gratitude  for  all  that  you  have  done  for  the  welfare  of  our  country  and  the  pre 
servation  of  her  liberties. 

CHARLES  C.  NOTT,  WILLIAM  H.  BULL,  A.  J.  WILLIAMSON,  C.  S.  SPENCER, 

F.  W.  SHEPHERD,  Committee,  &c. 


684  APPENDIX. 


RECEPTION  SPEECHES.1 

BOSTON — GOVERNOR  BANKS  : 

I  know  it  is  a  custom  of  the  people  of  Boston  to  welcome,  with  warm  hearts 
and  enthusiastic  words  of  friendship,  every  man  of  name  and  fame  who  does  us 
the  honor  to  visit  this  our  loved  city.  Here,  at  least,  there  are  none  whom  we 
fear;  and  from  whatever  quarter  of  the  world  a  man  shall  come,  who  has  served 
his  people  in  his  day  or  way,  we  can  afford,  and  we  will  give,  our  welcome.  But  I 
am  glad  to  say,  fellow  citizens,  that,  like  other  human  beings,  we  have  our  friends, 
and  among  others  there  is  none  that  finds  a  warmer  place  in  the  hearts  of  the 
people  of  the  old  Bay  state  than  the  renowned  statesman  of  New  York. 

Though  not  so  well  known  to  us  personally  as  he  should  be,  as  citizens  of  Boston 
and  as  citizens  of  Massachusetts,  for  many  long  years  we  have  watched  his  career, 
directing  the  interests  of  the  Empire  state  and  developing  the  material  wealth  of 
that  portion  of  the  continent;  and,  enjoying,  as  we  have,  both  as  citizens  of  the 
metropolis  of  New  England  and  of  the  commonwealth,  the  efforts  of  his  eloquence, 
his  industry,  his  wisdom,  and  his  great  and  far-reaching  experience  in  the  councils 
•of  the  nation,  I  know  you  will  welcome  him  as  he  deserves,  and  I  know  that  you 
will  speak  for  him  and  for  the  people  of  the  commonwealth,  when  I  shall  have 
presented  him  to  you. 

Governor  SEWARD — Our  friends  have  met  here  at  a  few  moments'  call.  They 
know  what  hospitality  is  due  to  you — that  you  come  at  the  close  of  a  long  day's 
travel  at  the  warmest  season  of  the  year — and  we  cannot  demand  or  expect  much 
from  you  :  but  a  little  is  required  in  obedience  to  that  respect  and  esteem  which 
the  people  of  this  commonwealth  entertain  for  you ;  and  I  am  sure  that  its  citi 
zens  would  grieve  if  we  were  to  allow  you  to  pass  through  this  metropolis  without 
.a  word  of  welcome,  without  a  cheer  that  should  come  from  the  hearts  of  the  peo 
ple  of  Massachusetts. 

Fellow  citizens,  I  present  to  you  the  Honorable  William  H.  Seward,  of  the 
United  States  senate,  respected  and  loved  by  the  people  of  all  the  states. 

LANSING,  Mich. — J.  W.  LONGYEAR,  Esq. : 

I  have  been  appointed  by  a  large  and  enthusiastic  meeting  of  my  republican 
fellow  citizens,  to  discharge  the  honorable  and  agreeable  duty  of  expressing  to 
you  their  affectionate  esteem,  and  their  heartfelt  welcome  to  our  infant  city ;  and 
it  is  here  upon  the  eve  of  the  decision,  a  final  decision  it  is  to  be  hoped,  of  one 
of  the  most  important  political  contests  by  which  the  republic  has  ever  been  agi 
tated,  that  we  welcome  you  among  us  for  your  countenance,  your  counsel,  and 
your  advice.  It  is  here  amidst  a  population  emigrated  mainly  from  your  native 
state,  here  amidst  institutions  of  government,  copied  mainly  from  those  under 
which  you  live,  we  welcome  you ;  and  here,  noble  senator  from  the  Empire  state, 
amidst  your  ardent  admirers,  who  were  second  to  none  in  their  zeal  and  exertions 
to  see  you  the  standard-bearer  in  this  decisive  contest,  that  we  welcome  you,  and 
we  thrice  welcome  you,  sir,  for  the  reason  that  while  the  republicans  in  national 
convention  assembled,  saw  fit,  in  their  wisdom,  to  choose  another,  you  are  not 
found  deserting  your  post  of  duty,  but  like  the  true  soldier  ready  and  willing  to  do 
your  duty  with  knapsack  and  bayonet,  if  required,  although  qualified  to  fill  the 
highest  grade  of  office. 

This  contest  in  which  so  ferocious  a  war  is  now  raging,  is  not,  as  our  opponents 
would  urge,  of  one  section  of  the  republic  against  the  other,  or  of  one  interest 
against  another,  but  that  of  free  institutions,  free  soil,  free  labor,  and  free  speech, 
against  slavery  and  its  concomitant  evils ;  not  a  war  against  the  domestic  institu 
tions  of  the  states  as  they  now  exist,  but  against  the  extension  of  that  baleful 
curse  of  African  slavery  into  territory  now  free!  It  is  the  contest  of  freedom 
against  slavery,  and  it  is  owing  to  the  patriotic  manner  in  which  you  have  devoted 

1  See  ante  page  81. 


RECEPTION  SPEECHES.  685 

your  life,  your  fortune,  and  your  sacred  honor,  to  the  support  of  the  former,  that 
you  now  owe  this  enthusiastic  reception. 

To  you,  sentiments  expressed  by  yourself,  in  years  gone  by,  to  one  of  the 
nation's  most  honored  sons,  now  gone  to  his  final  rest,  upon  an  occasion  similar  to 
this,  may,  in  these,  your  riper  years,  be  appropriately  applied  to  yourself:  "  Such 
honors  frequently  attend  public  functionaries,  and  such  a  one  may  sometimes 
find  it  difficult  to  determine  how  much  of  the  homage  he  receives  is  paid  to  his 
own  worth,  how  much  proceeds  from  the  habitual  reverence  of  good  republican 
citizens  to  constitute  elective  authority,  and  how  much  from  the  spirit  of  venal 
adulation. 

"You,  sir,  labor  under  no  such  embarrassment.  The  office  you  hold,  though 
honorable,  is  purely  legislative.  You  are  not  in  a  position,  or  in  nomination  for 
a  position,  in  which  you  can  have  any  patronage  to  bestow,  and  yet  your  hands 
are  uplifted,  and  your  exertions  bestowed  to  secure  blessings  on  your  country. 

:'  The  homage  paid  you,  dear  sir,  is  sincere,  for  it  has  its  sources  in  the  just  senti 
ments  and  irrepressible  affections  of  a  free  people,  their  love  of  truth,  their  admira 
tion  of  wisdom,  their  reverence  for  virtue,  and  their  gratitude  for  beneficence." 

The  praises  we  bestow  are  not  of  a  purely  partisan  nature.  Men  of  all  parties 
come  here  to  see  and  hear  you,  and  that  with  the  profoundest  respect  as  one  of 
the  great  statesmen  of  the  age  ;  and  "  the  praises  we  bestow  are  already  echoed 
back  to  us  by  voices  which  come  rich  and  full  across  the  Atlantic,  hailing  you  as 
the  indefatigable  champion  of  humanity." 

MADISON,  Wis., — CHAUNCEY  ABBOTT,  Esq.  r1 

In  behalf  of  the  citizens  of  Madison,  I  welcome  you,  sir,  to  our  midst ;  and  it 
is  with  more  satisfaction  that  I  do  so,  inasmuch  as  I  feel  the  assurance  which  I 
convey  to  you,  that  it  is  not  merely  a  formal,  but  a  most  hearty  and  cordial  wel 
come,  which  general  public  sentiment  extends  to  you.  However  flattering  any 
personal  preferences  or  partialities  may  be,  we  must  still  feel  that  the  general  and 
enthusiastic  welcome  which  the  people  award  to  you,  arises  from  a  sentiment  that 
you  are  engaged  in  the  great  cause  of  constitutional  and  political  liberty,  so- 
near  and  dear  to  the  people  of  this  state,  and  of  this  region.  There  is  a  common 
sentiment  and  feeling  that  the  great  country  lying  northwest  of  the  Ohio,  conse 
crated  to  liberty  and  free  institutions,  and  free  government,  by  the  ordinance  of 
1787,  established  by  the  founder  of  the  government,  has  been  preserved  to  freedom, 
in  a  great  measure,  by  the  earnest,  zealous,  able,  efforts  put  forth  by  you.  It  is 
for  this  reason  that  the  people  are  so  glad  to  welcome  you  among  them ;  hoping 
that  you  may  receive  such  assurances  of  their  confidence  and  support  as  may 
enable  you  hereafter  to  go  forth  in  association  with  your  fellows,  to  carry  out 
your  peaceful  and  successful  issues  in  the  cause  of  constitutional  freedom  and  free 
government,  in  which  cause  we  pledge  you  our  support  and  our  aid.  Sir,  you  are 
most  welcome  among  us.  The  governor  of  the  state  will  now  speak  in  behalf  of 
the  people  of  the  state  generally. 

Gov.  RANDALL  : 

You  need,  sir,  no  formal  introduction  to  the  people  of  Wisconsin.  The  gather 
ing  throngs  that  have  met  you  on  your  way  hither,  are  evidences  to  you  how 
deeply  your  name  and  deeds  are  engraven  on  the  hearts  of  this  people.  We  are 
a  young  state — a  state  but  twelve  years  of  age — a  state  containing  eight  hundred 
thousand  inhabitants — a  state  marvelous  in  its  prosperity,  great  in  its  resources, 
agricultural,  mineral  and  commercial.  On  its  west  it  has  a  great  commercial  high 
way,  another  on  its  east.  Iron  roads,  binding  together  its  rich,  growing  cities, 
traverse  all  its  length  and  breadth.  The  farms  of  the  people  are  like  gardens,  and 
the  cities  are  set  like  bright  jewels  in  the  crown  of  their  prosperity. 

We  have  grown  strong  and  flourished  under  the  tree  of  liberty  planted  here  by 
Virginia.  Wisconsin  is  the  daughter  of  Virginia,  and  the  child  has  not  forgotten, 
the  early  taught  lessons  of  the  parent.  There  shall  be  no  slavery  or  involuntary 

1  See  ante,  page  90. 


€86  APPENDIX. 

servitude  here  forever.  To-day  the  light  of  other  days  is  around  our  people  ;  the 
light  of  the  days  of  Madison  and  Jefferson ;  and  we  have  looked  upon  you  as  one 
of  those  who  have  stood  forward  in  maintaining  constitutional  law  and  correct 
principle.  You  have  done  more  than  most  men  in  public  life.  You  have  given  a 
moral  tone  to  the  politics  of  the  country.  Going  into  the  senate  all  alone,  and 
standing  there  alone,  feeling  that 

"  Thrice  is  he  armed  who  hath  his  quarrel  just," 

You  have  given  to  politics  a  moral  tone,  and  directed  the  intellect  of  this  great 
people. 

You  have  done  more  than  most  men  have,  to  correct  and  manufacture  and  tame 
public  sentiment  within  correct  limits.  In  all  the  great  measures  of  public  policy 
ior  the  benefit  of  the  great  west,  your  thoughts  and  words  have  been  foremost  in 
their  advocacy.  You  have  done  much  in  favor  of  giving  farms  to  the  free  settlers 
here,  and  whenever  measures  for  the  benefit  of  our  commercial  interest  have  been 
pending,  your  voice  and  vote  have  been  given  for  them. 

We  feel,  therefore,  to  you  a  debt  of  gratitude  under  these  considerations.  You 
were  the  first  choice  of  the  people  of  Wisconsin,  as  their  candidate  for  the  presi 
dency  of  the  United  States.  Yielding  to  the  will  of  the  national  convention  that 
met  at  Chicago,  while  we  abated  not  one  jot  or  tittle  in  our  affection  for  you,  Lin 
coln  became,  by  the  action  of  the  convention,  its  first  choice.  We  do  battle  to 
day  for  him,  and  are  proud  to  know  that  you  stand  in  the  forefront  of  that  battle, 
and  that  we  follow  so  illustrious  a  leader.  He  is  our  Moses,  and  you  are  our  great 
High  Priest,  holding  up  his  right  hand,  while  the  fight  is  going  on. 

Again,  sir,  in  behalf  of  the  free  people,  I  welcome  you  to  Wisconsin  and  its 
capital. 

SAINT  PAUL,  Minn., — JUDGE  GOODRICH  :l 

GENTLEMEN — WIDE-AWAKES — FELLOW  CITIZENS  :  The  act  of  presenting  to  you 
the  illustrious  patriot  and  statesman  who  has  ever  occupied  the  highest  niche  in 
the  temple  of  your  affections — the  man  upon  whom  the  eye  of  the  nation  has  long 
been  hopefully  and  anxiously  fixed — the  man 

"  Whose  control  has  been  felt. 
Even  in  our  nation's  destiny; 
Whose  name  adorns  and  dignifies  the  scroll 
Whose  leaves  contain  your  country's  history." 

The  man  to  whose  form  and  features  the  artist  of  our  day  is  eager  to  give  immor 
tality,  is  among  the  most  pleasing  incidents  of  my  life.  This  vast  concourse  shall 
dissolve  from  the  face  of  the  earth;  the  daguerrean  impression  shall  fade  away; 
the  photograph  shall  vanish ;  the  bronze  shall  corrode  and  become  as  dross ;  and 
the  marble  that  shall  symbolize  the  man  shall  crumble  to  dust  beneath  the  all-con 
quering  hand  of  time  that  shall  be  lifted  up  during  the  reign  of  that  glorious  im 
mortality  which  awaits  his  deeds ;  the  man  that  is  revered  by  the  great  and  good 
of  all  parties — by  the  north  and  the  south,  the  east  and  the  west — by  the  soldier 
in  his  camp — the  peasant  in  his  cot — the  plowman  in  his  field — the  mechanic  in 
his  shop — the  merchant  and  banker  who  whiten  the  bosom  of  every  sea  beneath 
the  sun  with  the  rich  sails  of  our  commerce,  by  "  they  who  go  down  to  the  sea  in 
great  ships,"  the  stern  warrior  clad  in  mail,  and  the  sage  in  the  halls  of  the  national 
councils. 

I  have  traversed  our  state,  I  have  looked  abroad,  I  know  that 

"  Throughout  the  land,  o'er  vale,  o'er  hill, 

Are  faces  that  attest  the  same, 
That  kindle  like  a  fire  new  stirred, 
At  the  sound  of  SEWARD'S  name."' 

Lastingly  exalted  is  his  fame,  wherever  eminent  public  service,  unbending  integ 
rity,  undying  devotion  to  a  righteous  cause,  transcendent  genius,  lofty  deeds  and 
high  moral  daring  shall  cause  a  thrill,  or  challenge  the  admiration  of  the  human 
heart,  there  will  the  name  of  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD  be  held  up  to  high  and  noble 
commendation.  Generations  yet  unborn  shall  rise  up  and  swell  the  trumpet  of  his 

1  See  ante,  page  94. 


RECEPTION  SPEECHES.  687 

fame,  while  envy,  and  jealousy,  and  blind  partisan  bigotry,  and  partisan  domina 
tion  shall  stand  overwhelmed  and  blinded  amid  the  transcendent  effulgence  that 
shall  emanate  from  the  pages  of  that  history  wherein  is  weighed  the  actions  of 
men  at  the  gates  of  eternity. 

[Turning  to  Governor  Seward,  he  said  :] 

HONORED  SIR  :  In  the  name  and  on  behalf  of  the  freemen  of  Minnesota,  I  bid 
you  welcome — welcome  to  our  rising  city,  our  infant  state — our  homes,  our  altars, 
and  our  fires. 

FELLOW  CITIZENS:  Governor  Seward,  of  New  York,  who  has  received  at  the 
hands  of  a  grateful  people,  who  have  thronged  the  waysides  to  honor  him  as  he 
journeyed  hither,  one  continued  ovation  from  his  own  "sweet  Auburn,"  along  the 
shores  of  the  great  lakes  to  the  falls  of  St.  Anthony,  in  the  language  of  Burke  I 
can  truly  say  that  the  people  have  everywhere  "  leaped  upon  him  like  children 
upon  a  long  absent  father,"  now  stands  before  you. 

Hon.  JOHN  W.  NORTH  : 

Fellow  Citizens :  We  have  met  to-day  to  listen  to  a  statesman  who  has  long  held 
a  high  place  in  the  affections  of  our  people  ;  as  well  for  his  services  to  our  territory 
and  state,  as  for  his  lifelong  devotion  to  the  service  of  our  common  country ;  one 
who,  by  the  united  voice  of  friends  and  opponents,  has  been  classed  at  the  head 
of  our  living  statesmen. 

There  is  nothing  remarkable  in  the  homage  that  is  paid  to  power,  or  in  the 
empty  praise  that  follows  the  rising  fortunes  of  the  mere  politician.  But  when 
the  people — unmoved  by  other  considerations  than  those  of  genuine  esteem  and 
profound  gratitude  for  noble  services — come  forth,  as  on  the  present  occasion,  in 
unprecedented  numbers,  to  testify  their  appreciation  of  political  integrity,  profound 
statesmanship,  and  genuine  manhood,  it  may  well  be  marked  as  an  exponent  of 
the  public  virtue,  and  a  guaranty  that  such  qualities  will  continue  to  be  sought  for 
in  our  public  servants.  It  teaches,  also,  that  there  are  sublimer  heights  than  those 
of  official  position  or  the  chair  of  state — more  enduring  glory  than  a  term  of  office 
or  the  brief  prerogatives  of  power. 

When  profligate  statesmen  were  framing  mischief  by  law,  and  setting  at  defiance 
every  principle  of  morality  in  the  wild  frenzy  of  partisan  legislation,  there  was 
one  to  remind  them  that  there  was  a  " higher  law"  than  the  enactments  of  men, 
and  which  could  not  be  thwarted  or  evaded  by  all  their  arts.  When  the  body 
politic  was  convulsed  by  a  disease  too  deep  to  be  discovered  by  the  political 
quacks  who  are  ever  administering  anodynes  and  saving  the  Union,  there  was  one 
who  could  discern  the  real  sources  of  evil,  and,  from  the  serene  heights  of  political 
philosophy,  inform  bewildered  politicians  that  this  was  "  no  ephemeral  struggle." 
caused  by  a  few  fanatics,  but  "an  irrepressible  conflict  between  opposing  and  endu 
ring  forces"  and  which  could  not  be  terminated  until  our  country  became  wholly 
slave  territory  or  wholly  free. 

And  now,  when  the  spirit  of  slavery  has  seized  the  reins  of  government,  con 
trolled  its  legislation,  grasped  free  territory,  and  degraded  the  judiciary  so  low  as 
to  teach  the  inhuman  doctrine  that  one  portion  of  the  people  "  have  no  rights  " 
that  the  other  portion  "  are  bound  to  respect,"  there  is  one  to  tell  them  the  simple 
but  sublime  truth  that  "  the  whole  race  suffers  when  injustice  is  done  to  the  hum 
blest  and  most  despised  of  its  members." 

These,  fellow  citizens,  are  noble  sentiments,  and  worthy  of  the  statesman  of 
your  choice — a  statesman  whose  patriotism  is  not  bounded  by  sectional  lines 
of  mountains  and  rivers,  nor  his  philanthropy  by  nationality — a  friend  of  the 
oppressed  of  every  land — a  friend  alike  of  the  north  and  of  the  south,  of  the  east 
and  of  the  west,  of  the  older  states  and  the  infant  territories.  I  have  the  honor 
to  introduce  to  you  the  honorable  William  H.  Seward,  of  New  York. 

MINNEAPOLIS,  Minn., — JOHN  HUTCHINSON,  Esq.  : 

Senator  Seward  :  In  behalf  of  the  citizens  of  Minneapolis,  of  Hennepin  county, 
and  this  northwestern  state,  I  take  pleasure  in  extending  to  you  a  heartfelt  welcome. 


688  APPENDIX. 

We  welcome  you  as  the  friend  of  freedom;  we  welcome  you  as  the  expounder 
and  bold  advocate  of  constitutional  rights,  and  the  true  embodiment  of  republican 
principles.  It  is  with  unfeigned  joy  that  we  look  upon  you,  for  the  first  time,  to 
day,  on  our  own  soil.  We  are  not  unmindful,  sir,  of  the  fact  that  much  of  your 
life  has  been  devoted  to  the  good  of  your  country,  and  that  in  the  American  sen 
ate  you  have  ever  been  foremost  in  cementing  into  one  common  brotherhood  this 
glorious  confederacy,  ever  toiling  assiduously  for  the  supremacy  of  right  and 
for  our  national  prosperity,  ever  supporting  those  measures  founded  in  justice, 
truth  and  equality,  and  ever  fearlessly  opposing  tyranny,  oppression  and  wrong. 

And  while  the  republicans  of  Minnesota  were  foremost,  in  the  convention  at  Chi 
cago,  in  presenting  you  as  our  standard-bearer,  yet  they  were  among  the  first  to- 
acquiesce  and  show  their  fidelity  to  principle  by  their  firm  and  enthusiastic  sup 
port  of  the  present  nominee.  Asking  you  to  take  one  hasty  glance  at  our 
unequaled  products  and  vast  resources,  I  again  bid  you  welcome,  and  have  the 
honor,  fellow  citizens,  to  present  to  you  the  first  living  American  statesman 
and  senator,  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD. 

DUBUQUE,  IOWA, — W.  B.  ALLISON,  Esq.  :l 

Senator  Seward :  In  the  name  and  on  behalf  of  the  republicans  of  the  state  of 
Iowa,  on  behalf  of  the  thousands  now  present,  and  especially  on  behalf  of  the 
people  of  this  city,  whom  you  have  honored  by  coming  among  us,  I  convey  to  you 
a  cordial,  sincere  and  heartfelt  welcome,  and  an  assurance  oif  the  exalted  sense 
which  we  entertain  of  your  character  and  public  services. 

The  highest  moral  and  intellectual  qualities,  steadily  and  triumphantly  devoted 
to  the  noblest  purposes,  always  command  the  respect  and  admiration  of  an  enlight 
ened  and  Christian  people.  Though  few  of  the  vast  multitude  now  present  have 
ever  before  met  you  face  to  face,  yet  all  have  long  since  learned  to  admire  the  elo 
quent  zeal  with  which  you  have,  for  a  series  of  years,  maintained  that  our  govern 
ment  was  formed,  in  part,  to  foster  and  protect  free  labor,  and  to  discourage  and 
prohibit,  whenever  it  has  the  power,  slave  labor.  We  all  remember  with  what 
patriotic  devotion  you  have  ever  opposed  the  federal  recognition  of  human  bond 
age,  and  with  what  power  and  eloquence  you  have  battled  against  the  apolo 
gists  for  and  supporters  of  this  fivefold  barbarism.  We  remember  your  gallant 
but  unavailing  services  in  the  great  contest  of  1854,  in  opposition  to  the  ruthless 
hands  that  tore  from  the  statute  books  the  Missouri  restriction,  which  had  so  long 
stood  as  a  wall  against  the  encroachments  of  human  servitude. 

Iowa  was  the  first  sovereign  state  that  indorsed  your  efforts,  and  at  the  ballot 
box  placed  the  seal  of  condemnation  upon  that  act  of  perjury ;  and  up  to  this  hour 
has  stood  true  to  the  position  then  taken. 

We  remember  your  eloquent  appeals  in  behalf  of  the  citizens  of  Kansas  in  the 
hour  of  need  and  of  peril.  We  remember,  also,  that  your  voice  and  your  vote  in 
the  senate  have  ever  been  in  favor  of  a  policy  tending  to  build  up  and  unfold  the 
infant  settlements  in  our  expansive  west.  Especially  do  we  remember  your  aid  in 
securing  to  our  own  state  the  munificent  land  grants  which  will  advance  us  at  least 
a  decade  in  all  that  develops  our  material  progress.  We  remember  that  you  have 
ever  aided  in  the  improvement  of  our  own  western  rivers  and  harbors — the  great 
natural  highways  by  which  we  are  enabled  cheaply  to  reach  the  markets  of  the 
east.  We  remember  that  the  cause  of  domestic  industry,  of  education,  of  what 
ever,  in  short,  is  calculated  to  render  us  a  prosperous,  united  and  happy  people, 
has  found  in  you  a  watchful  and  efficient  advocate. 

With  all  these  memories  clustering  about  us  and  clinging  to  us,  the  enthusiasm 
with  which  we  to-day  greet  you  is  but  the  spontaneous  effusion  of  grateful  and 
patriotic  hearts.  We  recognize  you  as  once  the  forerunner  and  now  the  champion 
of  that  million  army  which  marches  under  the  broad  banner  of  republicanism.  It 
is  eminently  fitting  that  the  people  of  one  sovereign  state  should  assemble  to  hear 
and  interchange  sentiments  with  the  distinguished  men  of  other  sovereign  stales. 

1  See  ante,  page  96. 


RECEPTION   SPEECHES. 

We  are  bound  together  by  a  thousand  ties  of  interest,  of  sympathy,  of  affection 
and  of  duty.  We  have  one  common  origin,  one  common  constitution,  one  com 
mon  country,  and  one  common  destiny.  Especially  is  it  fitting,  then,  at  this  hour 
of  general  distrust  and  alarm,  that  we  should  inquire  "where  we  are,  and  whither 
we  are  tending." 

It  has  been  said  the  noblest  homage  a  freeman  can  give,  or  a  freeman  receive,  is 
the  homage  of  hearts ;  that  homage  the  thousand  hearts  that  encircle  you  tender 
to  you  to-day,  not  the  homage  due  a  senator  alone,  but  due  the  distinguished 
scholar  and  statesman  whose  fame  is  commensurate  with  the  civilized  world,  and 
whose  name  is  sacred  to  the  oppressed  everywhere.  I  do  but  echo  the  language 
of  the  throng  that  has  crowded  around  you  when  I  say  again  that  to  you  we  extend 
a  cordial  and  friendly  greeting. 

SAINT  JOSEPH,  Mo., — T.  J.  BOYNTON,  Esq.  i1 

Senator  SEWARD  :  I  have  been  delegated  by  the  republicans  of  St.  Joseph  to  bid 
you,  in  their  name,  and  in  the  name  of  all  our  citizens,  welcome  to  our  city.  We 
greet  you  as  the  foremost  man  of  this  age — as  the  man  whose  philosophical  states 
manship  has  won  for  him  a  name  which  is  as  broad  as  the  globe,  and  which  will 
live  forever — as  the  man  whose  views  are  more  consonant  with  that  spirit  of  pro 
gress  which  is  abroad  in  the  world  than  the  views  of  any  other  man  of  any  coun 
try.  We  greet  you  as  the  citizen  of  our  country,  the  broad  philanthropy  of  whose 
teachings  has  done  most  to  educate  that  spirit  of  progress  and  give  it  the  true 
direction. 

In  one  of  your  late  speeches,  you  have  predicted  that  the  time  is  not  distant 
when  the  Empire  State  and  the  Keystone  State  and  the  Old  Dominion  of  the 
country  will  lie  here  in  the  Mississippi  valley.  This  is  a  subject  in  which  we,  im 
mediately,  of  the  Missouri  valley,  are  vitally  interested.  As  selfish  men,  we  have 
peculiar  reason  to  greet  you  cordially  ;  for  when  those  measures  which  are  matters 
of  life  or  death  for  us  have  been  deserted  by  those  who  should  have  been  their 
proper  and  peculiar  advocates,  they  have  been  championed  by  yourself.  Some  of 
us  are  republicans,  but  we  are  all  business  men ;  and  we  watch  the  fate,  in  con 
gress,  of  those  measures  for  the  development  of  the  west  on  which  depends  the 
prosperity  or  the  decline  of  our  city  with  the  most  anxious  solicitude.  We  have 
ever  found  you  our  foremost,  our  most  steadfast  friend.  But  I  will  not  weary  you, 
nor  those  who  are  waiting  to  hear  you.  Once  again,  as  republicans,  as  citizens  of 
St.  Joseph  and  of  the  great  West,  we  bid  you  welcome. 

LEAVENWORTH,  Kansas, — A.  CARTER  WILDER,  Esq.  :2 

Sir:  I  am  charged  with  the  very  honorable  and  grateful  duty  of  expressing  to- 
you  the  profound  regard  and  affectionate  esteem  of  my  fellow  citizens  assembled 
before  you ;  and  to  extend  to  you  a  most  cordial  welcome  to  this  metropolis  of 
Kansas.  We  have  watched,  with  pride  and  gratification,  the  demonstrations  of 
respect  and  kindness  which  have  attended  every  step  of  your  journey  from  Auburn 
to  Leavenworth.  Such  sincere  homage  is  due  to  your  character  and  illustrious 
public  services ;  and  no  people  have  more  reason  to  manifest  their  gratitude  for 
your  fidelity  and  friendship  than  the  free  people  of  Kansas. 

Though  holding  a  seat  in  the  United  States  senate  from  the  state  of  New  York, 
Kansas  and  the  Pacific  claim  you  as  their  senator  and  statesman.  For  when  you 
retire,  as  perhaps  you  will  do  on  the  fourth  of  March  next,  from  the  place  to  which 
the  empire  state  deputed  you  as  her  senator,  and  when  one  who  reads  the  record 
of  your  speeches  and  your  votes  is  asked  what  state  did  the  occupant  of  that  va 
cant  chair  represent,  he  will  be  forced  to  answer,  I  cannot  tell ! 

Judging  from  your  acts,  it  would  seem  that,  whosoever  were  weak  and  lowly, 
whosoever  brought  peril  and  reproach  upon  their  advocate,  whosoever  could  do- 
nothing  in  return  for  countenance  and  support  rendered,  they  were  the  persons 
whom  you  put  yourself  forward  to  represent  and  defend.  You  took  upon  your 
self  the  burdens  which  others  rejected,  and  braved  the  unpopularity  by  which. 


1  See  ante  page  98.       2  See  ante  page  100. 
VOL.  IV.  87 


690  APPENDIX. 

others  were  dismayed.  And  thus  the  heart  of  the  American  people  is  with  the 
man  who  was  always  in  advance  of  their  opinions,  always  seeing  clear  at  the  hour 
the  truth  which  was  to  dawn  upon  their  vision  after  it  had  been  derided  for  many 
days;  always  combating  boldly  for  the  right,  which  had  not  yet  become  respected 
and  acknowledged. 


LAWRENCE,  Kansas,  —  Mayor 

WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD:  The  people  of  Lawrence,  through  a  committee  of  citizens, 
and  through  their  municipal  authorities,  have  requested  me  to  extend  to  you,  and 
to  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  constituting  your  party,  a  hearty  welcome  to  the  hos 
pitalities  of  their  city,  and  to  assure  you  that  they  appreciate  highly  the  distin 
guished  compliment  paid  them,  in  being  thus  favored  with  an  opportunity  of 
seeing,  hearing,  and  greeting  the  great  republican  chief  whose  name  and  fame  are 
known  and  honored  throughout  the  civilized  world. 

As  we  stand  here,  to-day,  upon  the  ground  where  the  Kansas  rebellion,  so- 
called.  had  its  origin,  and  against  which  were  directed,  most  frequently  and  per 
sistently,  the  fierce  and  violent  assaults  of  the  myrmidons  of  slavery,  and  look 
back  upon  those  scenes  of  oppression  and  wrong,  and  feel  that  we  have  in  our 
midst  the  great  and  good  man  who,  by  his  eloquent  appeals  and  timely  remon 
strance,  roused  the  great  freedom-loving  heart  of  the  north  to  generous  sympathy 
and  noble  deeds  in  our  behalf,  the  occasion  becomes  one  of  deep  and  solemn 
interest, 

In  contemplating  your  distinguished  and  self-sacrificing  services  in  defense  of 
our  cause  —  services  which  have  enshrined  the  name  of  William  H.  Seward  in  the 
hearts  of  the  freemen  of  Kansas  —  we  are  moved,  by  every  sentiment  of  manly 
gratitude,  and  by  every  feeling  of  devotion  to  true  greatness  and  real  worth,  to 
pray,  with  earnestness,  God  bless,  and  preserve  for  a  long  life  of  usefulness  to  the 
world,  the  purest  patriot  and  the  greatest  statesman  of  the  age. 

Again  we  welcome  you  to  the  heart  of  "  the  Saratoga  of  Freedom." 

Governor  ROBINSON:* 

The  freemen  of  Kansas  will  not  permit  that  Lawrence  alone  shall  have  the  honor 
of  bidding  you  welcome  to  the  state  of  their  adoption.  Hence  are  they  here  in 
person,  from  every  county  and  hamlet,  and  they  bid  me  give  words  to  their  wel 
come,  so  far  as  hearts,  throbbing  with  admiration  and  love,  have  utterance. 

Owing  to  the  recent  settlement  of  our  territory,  the  rudeness  of  our  homes,  the 
unparalleled  obstacles  thrown  in  the  way  of  our  progress,  and  the  unprecedented 
drouth  and  consequent  distress  among  our  people,  we  cannot  hope  to  receive  you 
with  that  pomp  and  circumstance  which  have  marked  your  progress  hither  ;  but 
we  bring,  what  other  states  have  not  to  give  —  hearts  overflowing  with  gratitude 
and  respect  due  to  the  deliverer  of  a  people  from  present  and  impending  evil. 

In  the  days  of  our  political  thraldom,  when  we  were  mocked  with  the  promise 
of  sovereignty,  that  we  might  be  enslaved;  when  our  people  were  persecuted, 
defrauded,  plundered  and  murdered,  that  they  might  be  driven  to  despair  and 
crushed  out  ;  then  it  was  that  you,  our  honored  guest,  stood  by  us,  denounced  the 
tyranny,  and  interpreted  the  "  handwriting  upon  the  wall  "  in  the  ears  of  the 
whole  nation,  until  the  knees  of  the  tyrant  trembled  with  fear,  and  his  heel  was 
removed  from  the  necks  of  our  people. 

The  contest  which  has  waged  in  this  country  since  Kansas  was  opened  to  settle 
ment,  and  before,  is  not  local,  but  general;  is  not  one  of  arms,  but  of  ideas.  It 
is  true  that  there  has  been  an  occasional  collision  of  arms  in  Kansas,  and  a  bloody 
hand  struck  down  one  of  the  noblest  and  most  gifted  members  of  the  senate  ;  but 
here,  our  weapons  of  war  are  exchanged  for  husbandry  —  and,  like  truth  crushed 
to  earth,  Charles  Sumner  has  risen,  and  is  found  in  the  thickest  of  the  conflict. 

With  this  exception,  this  warfare  has  been  one  of  ideas,  of  mind,  of  intellect, 
not  carnal,  but  spiritual  ;  and  it  is  in  such  a  conflict  we  recognize  William  H.  Sew 
ard  as  commander-in-chief  of  freedom's  host,  and  as  such  we  welcome  him  to  our 

1  See  ante  page  101. 


RECEPTION   SPEECHES.  691 

hearts  and  home?.  His  distinguished  staff  we  also  welcome  as  most  worthy  aids 
to  such  a  general  in  such  a  cause. 

In  1854,  on  the  floor  of  the  senate  of  the  United  States,  you  accepted  the  chal 
lenge  of  the  slave  power  in  these  memorable  words:  "  Come  on,  then,  gentlemen 
of  the  slave  states  ;  since  there  is  no  escaping  your  challenge,  I  accept  it  in  behalf 
of  freedom.  We  will  engage  in  competition  for  the  virgin  soil  of  Kansas,  and 
God  give  the  victory  to  the  side  that  is  stronger  in  numbers  as  it  is  in  right." 

Six  years  have  elapsed,  and  to-day  we  present  you  Kansas  free,  to  grace  your 
triumph,  with  a  constitution  adopted  by  her  people,  without  a  stain  of  slavery  to 
mar  its  beauty. 

The  times  are  most  auspicious.  The  clouds  that  have  so  long  darkened  our 
political  horizon  are  fast  dispersing  southward,  and  victory  is  marching  upon  vic 
tory  throughout  the  entire  north.  With  propriety,  therefore,  may  we  greet  you 
on  this  occasion,  as  a  conquering  hero,  fresh  from  the  field  of  battle.  God  grant 
these  triumphs  may  extend  till  they  shall  place  the  honest  statesman  of  Illinois  in 
the  seat  of  power,  with  our  guest  at  his  right  hand,  when  the  conflict  between 
freedom  and  the  federal  power  shall  be  effectually  and  forever  repressed. 

Again,  I  welcome  you  to  Kansas.  In  behalf  of  the  people  of  whatever  party, 
I  welcome  you  as  a  statesman  whom  all  Christendom  is  proud  to  honor.  In  behalf 
of  those  who  battled  for  freedom  on  the  soil  of  Kansas,  I  welcome  you  as  their 
champion  and  defender.  And  in  behalf  of  all  the  people,  of  whatever  age,  con 
dition  or  sex,  I  welcome  you  as  their  deliverer  from  despotic  rule  and  the  blighting 
curse  of  human  slavery. 

CHICAGO, — JOHN  WENTWORTH,  Mayor:1 

Senator  SEWARD  :  In  welcoming  you  to  our  city,  I  should  do  injustice  to  the 
sentiments  of  the  friends  of  free  labor  did  I  not  congratulate  you  on  the  fresh  lau 
rels  you  have  acquired  by  the  different  speeches  you  have  made  on  your  western 
tour.  They  have  placed  the  devotees  of  human  liberty  under  additional  obliga 
tions  to  you,  and  given  them  new  proof  that  you  had  "  rather  be  Right  than  be 
President."  The  truths,  which  you  have  uttered  with  so  much  eloquence  and 
directness,  will  outlive  the  messages  of  presidents,  and  reproduce  themselves  at 
every  attempt  of  avarice  to  make  merchandise  of  Humanity.  We  consider  our 
selves  under  the  greater  obligations  to  you  for  the  frankness  and  candor  wifh. 
which  you  have  presented  the  sole  issue  of  the  day;  since  timid  men,  over-anx 
ious  for  success,  sometimes  manifest  a  disposition  to  detract  from  the  moral  force 
of  our  certainly  approaching  victory  by  denying  our  faith  and  otherwise  lowering 
our  standard.  It  was  our  presidential  candidate  who  uttered  the  words  of  pro 
phetic  truth,  that  these  United  States  must  eventually  all  be  free  or  all  be  slave. 
Most  heartily  do  we  thank  you  for  keeping  this  "irrepressible  conflict"  before  the 
people  in  your  travels;  and  never  have  yovu  presented  it  with  more  persuasive 
accuracy  than  in  your  recent  speeches.  The  laborers  of  this  country  must  own. 
themselves,  and  the  least  we  can  do  to  effect  this  object  is,  in  the  language  of  our 
presidential  candidate,  "to  arrest  the  further  spread  of  slavery,  and  place  it  where 
the  public  mind  shall  rest  in  the  belief  that  it  is  in  the  course  of  ultimate  extinc 
tion."  Speeches  like  yours  are  the  most  effective  weapons  in  the  Avarfare  for  this 
extinction.  We  want  no  hostile  incursions,  servile  insurrections,  nor  any  illegal 
act  of  any  kind.  They  will  only  retard  the  progress  of  the  anti-slavery  move 
ment.  All  that  is  wanted  is  a  corrected  southern  opinion,  reformed  legislation,  a 
rightfully  interpreted  constitution,  and  that  you,  sir,  shall  remain  in  the  senate  to 
originate  and  advocate  measures  until  this  nation  shall  claim  you  from  the  service 
of  the  state  of  New  York,  and  make  you  the  successor  of  one  whose  proverbial 
honesty  and  published  opinions  made  him  the  nearest  to  your  own  personality  that 
the  late  convention  could  get,  without  depriving  the  country  of  your  invaluable 
services  in  the  senate. 

1  See  ante  page  108. 


692  APPENDIX. 

SPEECH  ON  INAUGURATION  DAY. 

Mr.  Seward's  senatorial  office  expired  with  the  third  day  of  March,  1861.  On  the  fourth,  a 
delegation  from  the  State  of  New  York,  several  hundred  in  "number,  who  were  in  Washington 
to  witness  Mr,  Lincoln's  inauguration,  called  upon  Mr.  Seward.  The  visit  was  a  token  of 
respect  and  affection.  After  a  few  introductory  remarks  by  James  Kelly,  Esq.,  Mr.  Sewaid 
epoke  as  follows : 

FRIENDS,  FELLOW  CITIZENS  AND  NEIGHBORS  : — I  am  very  deeply  affected  by  this 
unexpected  demonstration  of  affection  on  the  part  of  the  people  of  the  state  of 
New  York.  So  many  familiar  faces,  seen  at  this  distance  from  home,  and  under 
the  circumstances  which  surround  me,  awaken  memories  and  sympathies  that  I 
should  find  it  difficult  to  describe.  It  is  just  twelve  years  since  I  came,  a  stranger 
and  alone,  to  this  Capital,  to  represent,  in  the  councils  of  the  Union,  the  great  state 
from  which  you  have  come.  This  day  closes  that  service  of  twelve  years — a  period 
which  now  in  retrospect  seems  so  short,  and  yet  it  has  filled  up  the  one-sixth 
part  of  the  constitutional  duration  of  this  great  empire.  At  this  hour  I  appear 
before  you  a  voluntary  citizen,  but,  God  be  thanked !  a  citizen  now  as  always,  of 
the  state  of  New  York — one  of  yourselves — your  equal — no  longer  bearing  the 
responsibilities  of  a  representative.  My  public  acts  throughout  that  long,  and  to 
me  trying  period,  are  all  upon  record  in  the  journals  and  debates  of  congress.  It 
is  almost  fearful  to  think  that  they  are  imperishable.  Looking  backward  upon 
them,  I  wrill  say  and  maintain  here,  and  now,  that  I  claim  for  them  all  the  merit 
of  good  motives  and  honest  intentions.  Here  in  this  presence,  before  you,  a  fair 
delegation  of  the  constituency  I  have  served;  and  in  the  presence  of  the  God 
who  is  to  be  our  common  judge,  I  declare  that  there  is  not  one  word  of  that 
record  which  I  desire  should  be  obliterated.  Although  a  representative  of  one 
state  only,  I  have  been  all  the  while  conscious  that  I  was  also  a  legislator  for  all 
the  states — for  the  whole  republic — and  I  am  not  ashamed  to  appeal  to  every 
citizen  of  New  York  and  ask  him  to  say  what  I  have  neglected.  I  am  not  afraid 
to  appeal  to  every  section — to  the  east,  to  the  west,  to  the  north,  and  to  the  south, 
equally — and  to  every  state  in  every  section,  and  to  every  man.  to  every  woman, 
to  every  human  being,  freeman  or  bondsman,  to  say  whether,  in  any  word  or  deed 
of  mine,  I  have  done  him  wrong.  And  in  labors  which  demanded  abilities  I  could 
not  claim,  and  trials  which  exacted  some  equanimity  of  temper,  I  have  here  in  this 
Capital  neither  received  nor  given  personal  offense.  I  have  not  one  enemy  in  this 
section  to  forgive.  I  know  of  no  one  who  will  utter  a  personal  complaint  against 
me.  I  have  done  little  good,  indeed — far  less  than  I  have  wished — but  I  have 
been  sustained  and  supported  by  the  people  of  New  York  with  a  generosity  that 
is  unparalleled.  I  know  why  this  is  so.  The  people  of  New  York  are  habitually 
constant,  and  faithful  to  conscience,  to  truth,  to  liberty,  to  their  country,  and  to 
their  God.  They  have  thought  that  I  endeavored  to  be  likewise  faithful.  I  know 
their  character  well,  and  I  know  that  in  the  new  emergency  which  our  country 
is  now  entering  upon,  they  will  be  equally  faithful.  I  rely  on  their  intelligence, 
and  their  patriotism,  as  I  do  on  the  intelligence  and  patriotism  of  the  whole  people 
of  the  United  States.  They  will  preserve  the  inestimable  legacy  of  civil  and  reli 
gious  liberty  which  they  have  received  from  their  heroic  fathers.  The  adminis 
tration  which  you  have  come  here  to  inaugurate  comes  into  power  under  circum 
stances  of  embarrassment  and  peril ;  but  I  believe  I  know  the  character  and 
purposes  of  the  Chief  Magistrate :  I  believe  that,  while  he  will  be  firm,  he  will 
be  also  just  to  every  state  and  every  section,  and  every  citizen;  that  he  will 
defend  and  protect  the  rights  and  interests,  the  peace  and  the  prosperity  of  all 
the  states  equally  and  alike,  while  he  will  practise  the  moderation  that  springs 
from  virtue,  and  the  affection  that  arises  from  patriotism  in  confederated  states. 
Under  his  guidance,  and  with  the  blessing  of  God,  I  believe  and  trust,  and  confi 
dently  expect,  that  an  administration  that  is  inaugurated  amid  some  distrust 
and  painful  apprehensions,  will  close  upon  a  reunited,  restored,  prosperous,  free 
and  happy  republic.  The  state  of  New  York,  the  greatest  and  most  powerful  of 
the  states,  will  lead  all  other  states  in  the  way  of  conciliation ;  and  as  the  path  of 
wisdom  is  always  the  path  of  peace,  so  I  am  sure  that  now  we  shall  find  that  the 
way  of  conciliation  is  the  way  of  wisdom.  • 


INDEX  TO  VOLUME  IV. 


•..  PAGE> 

Abbott,  Chauncey,  Speech, 90,  685 

Adams,  Charles  Francis, 82,  93 

Adams,  John, 127,  175,  329,  373 

Adams,  John  Quincy, ...   33,  90,  305,  391 

Addresses  and  Orations, 121 

Address,  American  Institute,  ....   23,  144 

of  Mich.  Agricultural  College,  88 

at  Plymouth, 179 

at  Yale  College, 160 

Admission  of  Kansas, 117,  479-619 

Advent  of  the  Republican  Party. 225 

Aggressions  of  Slavery, 36 

Agricultural  College  Bill, 63 

Albany  Bridge  Case, 56 

Albany  Speeches, 35,  225 

Allison,  Wm.  B.,  Speech, 96,  688 

America,  Destiny  of, 121 

American  Independence,  its  True  Basis,  144 

American  Institute,   '. . . .  23,  144 

Amistad  Case,  The, 57 

Andrew,  Governor,  Speech  of, 681 

APPENDIX, 679 

Aristocracy  Resisted, 325 

Army  Bill,  The, 54,  535,  559 

Army,  A  Standing, , 87,  541 

Astor  House,  Speech  at, 644 

Atchison,  Reception  and  Speech,....  103 

Auburn  Speeches,..  35,  67,  114,  276,  422 

B. 

Baldwin,  John  'D.,  Speech, 683 

Ballots  for  President,  Chicago, 77 

Banks,  Governor,  Speech, 81,  684 

Barbarism  and  Civilization, 615 

Barbarous  Laws, 512,  545 

Biography  of  De  Witt  Clinton, 206 

Blair,  Austin,  Speech, 682 

Boston,  Speech 82 

Boynton,  T.  J.,  Speech, 98,  -689 

Broderick's  Death 70 

Broderick  and  Douglas, 596 

Brown,  John, 68,  71,  358,  637 

Browning,  0.  H.,  Speech, 682 

Buffalo  Speeches, 35,  111,  241 

c. 

Calhoun,  John  C., 478 

California,  Admission  of, 17,  625 

Campaign  Speeches, 84,  225 


PAQJU 
Cass,  General 616 

Celebration  of  Victory, 115 

Chicago  Convention,. 76,  681 

Platform, 679 

Speeches, 108,  348 

Chillicothe  Speech, 97 

Clay,  Henry 16,  448,  596,  627 

Clayton,  John  M., 26,  44 

Clergymen's  Petition, 29 

Cleveland  Speeches, 110,  384,  430 

Clinton,  De  Witt,  George  and  James, .   206 

Columbus  Oration, 23,   121 

Compensation  of  Members  of  Congress,  31 
Compromises,  16,  24,  438,  448/514,  572 

Compromise  and  Calhoun, 478 

Compromises  and  Concessions, 602 

Compromise  and  the  Constitution,  478,  621 
Compromises  and  Crittenden,  516,  534,  572 

Compromises,  Distrust  of, 610 

Compromise,  The  Day  for, 519 

Compromise  of  1 850, 570,  625 

Compromises   Ended, 478,  514 

Compromises  and  Henry  Clay, . .  .448,  627 
Compromise,  The  Lecompton- English, .  604 
Compromise,  The  Missouri,  438,  579,  623 

Compromise  and  Peace, 610 

Compromise  and  Secession, 509 

Compromises  and  the  Union, 516 

Compromises  and  Webster, 449,  627 

Conflict,    Irrepressible,    56,   279,   389, 

399,  412,  568,  619 
Constitution  Interpreted,  The, . . .  329,  553 

Consular  Appointments, 58 

Convention,  Baltimore, 20,  74 

Charleston, 74 

Chicago,  76 

Cincinnati, 42 

Constitutional, 667 

Philadelphia, 42 

Pittsburgh, 41 

Court,  The  Supreme, 49 

Crisis,  Impending,  Helper's, 70,  635 

Crittenden,  John  J., 516,  534,  572 

Cuba  Question,  The, 57,  61 

D. 

Death  of  Broderick, 70 

Decadence  of  Liberty, 303,   629 

Defeat  of  Whig  Party, 22 

Deitzler,  Mayor.  Speech, 101,  690 

Democratic  Element,  The, 319,  459 


694 


INDEX  TO  VOL.   IV. 


PAGE. 

Demoralization, 303,  355,  425 

Destiny  of  America, 121 

Minnesota, 347 

the  West, 319,  330,  368 

Detroit  Speeches, 43,  84,  253,  303 

Development  of  America. 160 

Disunion  and  Secession,  344,  410,  418, 

421,  429,  479,  644,  651,   670 

Douglas,  Broderick  and  Stuart, 596 

Dred  Scott  Case, 47,  585 

Dubuque  Speeches, 96,  368 

Duties  on  Railroad  Iron, 50 

E. 

Elections  in  1852, 21 

1856, 43 

1858, 56 

1859, 69 

1860, 73,  114,  422 

Election,  The  Night  before, 422 

Emigrant  Aid  Societies, 490 

English  Bill.  The, 53,  604 

Equality,  Political, 319,  330,  368,  397 

Equal  Rights, 337 

European  Tour, 63 

Evarts,  William  M.,  Speech, 681 

F. 

Famine  in  Kansas, 110,  388 

Fanaticism,  The  Charge  of, 559 

Fathers  of  the  Republic,  Policy, 397 

Federalist,  The,  quoted, 655 

Field,  Cyrus  W., 45 

Filibusters'  Schemes, 55 

Fillmore,  Millard, 19 

Francis,  John  W., 414 

Fraud  of  Lecompton — English, 604 

Freedom,  Struggle  for,  1850, 15 

saved  by  Kansas, 385 

and  Public  Faith, 433 

in  Kansas, 574 

Free  Schools, 411,  427 

Free  Speech, 97,  106,  341,  381,  544 

Fugitive  Slave  Bill, 32 

Fulton,   Robert, 374 

Fusion  Creed,  The, 428 

Future,  The  Past  and  the, 430 

Future,  Young  Men  and  the, 384 

G. 

Goodrich,  Aaron,  Judge, 94,  686 

H. 

Hamilton,  Alexander, 127,  661 

Harper's  Ferry  Captured, 68 

Helper's  Book, 70.  635 

Henry,  Patrick, 140,  376 

Higher  Law,  The, 126,  464 


*•  PAGO, 

Illinois,  Visit  to, 107 

Impending  Crisis,  Helper's, 70,  635 

Impeachment  of  President, 479,  503 

Indiana  Senators, 57,59 

Intellectual  Development  of  the  People,  1 60- 
Interpretation  of  the  Constitution, . . .   329 

Iowa,  Speeches  in, 96,  368 

Irrepressible  Conflict, . .   56,  289,  389, 

399,  412,  619 
Isothermal  Theory,  The, 599- 

J. 

Jefferson,  Thomas,  374,  376,  435,  661,  668 

Jefferson  on  Emancipation, 635 

Jefferson  on  the  Union, 653 

K. 

Kalamazoo  Speech, 89 

Kane,  Judge, 36,  286 

Kane,  Thomas  L., 54 

Kansas, 281,  512,  618,  643 

Admission  of,    39.     117,    619,  643 
Affairs,..   37,  50,  57,  117,  433,  479 

and  the  Army, 535 

Elections, 496 

Laws, 501,  512,  545 

and  the  President 481,  503 

the  Savior  of  Freedom, . . .  385,  673 

Speeches  in, 101,  103,  385 

King,  Eufus, 310,  375,  391,  414 

Know  Nothingism, 283 

L. 

Labor  States  and  Capital  States, 621 

La  Crosse  Speech, 93,  409,  421 

Lansing  Speech,    85 

Lawrence  Speech, 101,  385 

Laws,  Bogus, 512,  545 

Leavenworth  Speech, 102 

Lecompton  Constitution, 51,  574 

Lee,  Gideon,  Anecdote  of, 515 

Lemrnon  Case,  The,   36 

Letter  approving  Lincoln's  Nomination,  79 

on  Nebraska  Bill, 27,  432 

to  Republican  Committee, 79* 

John  Quincy  Adams, 33 

New  York, 27,  79,  432 

Liberty  and  the  Pilgrims, 179 

Lincoln,  Abraham,  .   77,  84,  107,  114, 

346,  348,  362,  416,  663 

Longyear,  J.  W.,  Speech, 86,  684 

M. 

Madison  Speeches, 90,  319,  329 

Mails,  Overland, 61 

Mail  Steamers, 31 

Mann,  Horace 3f>3 

Mason,  Senator, 675- 


Homestead  Bill,  The, 29,  31,  58  j  Massachusetts.  IWonse  of, . .  486,  491,  644 


INDEX   TO    VOL.    IV. 


695 


PAGE. 

MEMOIR, 13-1 18 

Merchants  of  New  York,  Petition, ...   670 

Michigan,  Speeches  in, 84 

Minnesota,  Admission  of, 54 

Minnesota,  Speeches  in, 94,  330 

Missouri  Compromise, 25,  389,  433 

Missouri,  Speeches  in,    97 

Moral  Development  of  the  People, 160 

More,  Sir  Thomas,   650 

Mormons,  The, 54 

K 

National  Divergence, ., 303 

National  Idea,  The, 330,  348 

Nebraska  and  Kansas,. .  24,  433,  464,  627 

Negro  Question,  The, 369 

New  England  Clergy,  The, 29 

New  England  Dinner  Speech, ...  117,  644 

New  Haven,  Address  at. 160 

New  Orleans  and  New  York, 417 

New  York  City,  Early  History  of,. ...  410 

Defense  of, 487 

Letter  to, 27,  79 

Merchants'  Petition, 670 

Speeches, 64,  114,  410 

Night  Before  Election,  The, 422 

Nominating  Conventions, 21,  41,   74 

Nomination  of  Lincoln,  Mr.  Sewardon,     78 

North,  John  W.,  Speech, 95,  687 

Northwest,  The, . 94,  327,  331 

Nye,  General  James  W., 93,  103,  110 

O. 

ORATIONS  AND  ADDRESSES, 121 

Oration  at  American  Institute,  ...  23,  144 

Columbus, 23,  121 

Plymouth, 36,  179 

Yale  College, 30,  160 

Oregon,  Admission  of, 54 

Overland  Mails, 61 

P. 

Pacific  Railroad, 24,  31,  57 

Palace  Garden  Speech, 114 

Past  and  the  Future,  The, 430 

Patterson,  George  W., 93 

Phi  Beta  Kappa,  Yale  College, 160 

Phillips,  Wendell, 36 

Physical  Development, 160 

PieVce,  Franklin, 20,  479,  481,  503 

Pilgrims  ;:nd  Liberty, 179 

Platforms    20,  42,  74,  76,  680 

Plymouth  Oration, 36,  179 

Policy,  Protective, '.  158 

of  the  Fathers, 397 

The  Republican, 368 

Political  Equality,  the  National  Idea, .  330 

Parties  of  the  Day, 276 

Speeches, 223 

Pomeroy,    General, 103 


PAAK. 
Postage,  Cheap, 63 

President,  The,  Impeached, 503 

Presidential  Elections. 21,  43,   114 

Presidential  Nominations..  .    20,  42,  74,  76 

Privileged  Class.  The, 225 

Protective  Policy, 158 

Puritans,  The, 179 

E. 

Randall,  Governor,  Speech, 90,  685 

Reception  at  Atchison, 103 

Auburn, 67 

Boston. 81 

Buffalo, Ill 

Chicago, 108 

Chillicothe, 97 

Cleveland, 110 

Detroit, 84 

Dubuque, 96 

Kalamazoo, 89 

La  Crbsse, 93 

Lansing, 85 

Lawrence. 101 

Leavenworth, 102 

Madison, 90 

Milwaukee, 90 

New  York, 64,  66 

St.  Joseph, 98 

St.  Louis, 106 

St.  Paul, 94 

Springfield,  111., 107 

Reelection  of  Mr.  Seward,    33 

Reformation  Begun, 359 

Republican  Conventions 41,  76 

Republican  Party,  The,  41,  44,  76,  117, 

225,  276,  287,  368,  410,   631 

Republican  Party  Organized, 41 

Republican  Party  Prophesied, 44 

Robinson,  Governor,  Speech,. ...  101,  690 
Rochester,  Speech  at, 56,  289 

S. 

Saint  Paul  Speech, 94,  330 

Saint  Louis  Speech, 106 

Saint  Joseph  Speech, 98 

Schurz,  Carl,  Speech  of, 682 

Scott,  General, 20,  661 

Secession, 421,  509,  644,  651,  670 

(See  Disunion  and  Union.) 

Secretary  of  State,  Appointed, 117 

Seneca  Falls  Speech, 387 

Slavery,  . .   225,  241,  253,  303  to  397, 

.517,  527,  619,  651,  666,  673 

Slave  Trade,  The, 80,  409 

Speaker,  Contests, 15,  38,  70 

SPEECHES,  Albany, 35,  225 

Atchison,   103 

Auburn.  .  67,  114,  115,  276,  422 

Astor  House, 644 

Buffalo, 35,  241 


INDEX   TO   VOL.    IV. 


PAGE. 

SPEECHES,  Chicago 108,  348 

Chillicothe, 97 

Cleveland, 110,  384,  430 

Chicago  Convention, 680 

Detroit, 43,  84,  253,  303 

Dubuque, 96,  368 

Kalamazoo,    89 

La  Crosse, 93,  409,  421 

Lansing, 85 

Lawrence, 101,  385 

Leavenworth, 102 

Madison, 90,  319,  329 

New  England  Dinner, 644 

New  York, 64,  114,  410 

Rochester, 56,  289 

St.  Joseph, 98 

St  Louis, 106 

St.  Paul, 94,  330 

Seneca  Falls,  397 

Springfield, 107 

Return  from  Europe. 64 

Retiring  from  Senate, 692 

SPEECHES. 

(Political.) 

Constitution  Interpreted, ...   329 

Contest  and  Crisis, 241 

Democratic  Element, 319 

Disunion  and  Secession,  ...  421 

Dominant  Class, 253 

Equality  Political, 330 

Idea,  The  National,  330,  348,  368 
Irrepressible  Conflict,. .  .  56,  289 
Kansas  Savior  of  Freedom,  385 

National  Divergence, 303 

National  Idea,  The, 330,  348 

Night  before  Election,  The, .   422 

One  Idea,  The, 368 

Past  and  Future,  The, 430 

Political  Equality, 330 

Policy  of  the  Fathers, 397 

Political  Parties, 276 

Republican  Party,  The, 225 

Republican  Policy, 368 

Republicans  and  Secession, .  410 
Secession,  N.  E.  Dinner, . . .  644 

Trade  in  Slaves, 409 

Young  Men  and  the  Future,    384 

SPEECHES. 

(Senate.) 

Admission  of  Kansas,.  479,  619 
Army  and  Kansas, ....  535,  559 
Country,  the  State  of,  619, 

651.  670 

Freedom  in  Kansas, ...  574J  604 
Freedom  and  Public  Faith,  .  433 

Kansas  Affairs, 433  to  619 

Merchants'  Memorial, 670 

Nebraska  and  Kansas, .  433,  464 


SPEECHES. 

(Senate.)  PACK 

Repeal  of  Mo.  Compromise,  432 

Second,  on  Nebraska, 464 

State  of  the  Country, 619 

State  of  the  Union, 651-670 

Speeches  to  Mr.  Seward, 684 

Springfield  Speech, 107 

State  of  the  Country,  the  Union,  619,  670 

Sumner,  Charles, 33,  40 

Supreme  Court,  The, 49,  585,  595 

T. 

Tallmadge,  James, 145 

Tariff,  The, 31,  46,  50,  80,  144,  154 

Taylor,  President, 16,  661 

Telegraphs,  Atlantic,  Pacific, 45 

Tompkius,  Daniel  D., 218 

Tour  through  Europe, 63 

New  England, St 

the  West, 84 

Trade  in  Slaves, 409 

True  Basis  of  Independence, 144 

Trumbull,  Senator, 356 

u. 

Union,  The, . .   18,  344,  396,  441,  567, 

619,  644,  651 
(See  Disunion  and  Secession.) 

Union  and  Liberty, 638 

Union,  Loyalty  to  the.   639,  669 

Union,  The  State  of  the, 619,  651,  670 

Usurpations  in  Kansas, 512,  551 

Utah,  Affairs  of, 54 

Y. 

Valetudinarians  and  Minnesota, 334 

Van  Buren,  Martin, 287,  305.  625 

Vermont,  Visit  to, 81 

w. 

Walker,  William, 55 

War,  Civil,  deprecated, 652 

Washburn,  Israel,  Jr., 81 

Washington,  George, 127,  373 

Webster,  Daniel, 16,  449,  627,  661 

Wentworth,  John, 108,  691 

Western  Speeches, 84,  253.  303 

Whig  Party, 15,  22 

Wilder,  A.  C., 100,   689 

Williamson,  Passmore, 36 

Wilmot  Proviso, 16,  518 

Wisconsin,  Speeches  in, 90,  319,  320 

Y. 

Yale  College  Oration, 30,  160 

Yale  College,  Degree  conferred  by,  . .     30 
Young  Men  and  the  Future, H84 


• 


RETURN  TO  the  circulation  desk  of  any 
University  of  California  Library 
or  to  the 

NORTHERN  REGIONAL  LIBRARY  FACILITY 
Bldg.  400,  Richmond  Field  Station 
University  of  California 
Richmond,  CA  94804-4698 

ALL  BOOKS  MAY  BE  RECALLED  AFTER  7  DAYS 
2-month  loans  may  be  renewed  by  calling 

(415)642-6233 
1-year  loans  may  be  recharged  by  bringing  books 

to  NRLF 
Renewals  and  recharges  may  be  made  4  days 

prior  to  due  date 

DUE  AS  STAMPED  BELOW 


SENT  ON  ILL 


MAY  I  I 


U.  c. 


YD   ,'4476 


y/ 


THE  UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA  LIBRARY 


