V.  \J 

mco 

1   P=H 

=c-  1 

1  ^== 

1   °^= 

Hoo 

U-  — 

Slo 

1    ^==i 

=o 

10 

> 

=  CD 

-— =C"- 

— ",— 

00       1 

WHIfllMIW||WMMMM 


THE  WORKS  OP 


WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD. 

EDITED   BY  GEORGE  E.  BAKER. 

With  a  Portrait  and  views  of  Mr.  Seward's  Birthplace  and  Residence.     In 
Five  Volumes,  8vo,  $3.00  each  ;  the  set,  cloth,  $15.00  ;  half  calf,  $30.00. 


On  the  roll  of  American  Statesmen  few  names  are  worthy  to 
stand  so  high  as  that  of  William  H.  Seward.  His  public  life 
covered  more  than  forty  years,  in  which  many  questions  of  the 
highest  importance  challenged  consideration.  Among  these  ques- 
tions were :  — 

Popular  Education  in  all  its  phases ;  Internal  Improvements,  em- 
bracing the  entire  history  of  the  origin,  completion,  and  proposed 
enlargement  of  the  Erie  Canal,  and  of  the  New  York  and  Erie 
and  other  railroads ;  Slavery,  its  rights  and  prerogatives,  and  the 
duties  and  obligations  of  the  free  States  in  regard  to  it ;  the  Public 
Land  Question,  with  a  history  and  discussion  of  the  Anti-Rent 
troubles  in  New  York ;  Crime  and  its  penalties ;  Political  Econ- 
omy, in  its  adaptation  to  our  national  condition ;  the  Fugitive 
Slave  Law ;  the  Annexation  of  Cuba ;  the  Maintenance  of  the 
National  Honor ;  the  Protection  of  American  Rights ;  Treaty  for 
the  Suppression  of  the  Slave  Trade  ;  Treaty  for  the  acquisition  of 
Alaska ;  Treaty  with  China ;  Treaty  for  an  Interoceanic  Canal  at 
Darien  ;  Treaties  affecting  Naturalization  ;  the  Trent  Affair  ;  the 
Emancipation  Proclamation ;  the  Thirteenth  and  Fourteenth 
Amendments  to  the  Constitution,  etc. 

All  these  were  discussed  by  Mr.  Seward  with  a  freedom,  vigor, 
and  clearness  seldom,  if  ever,  equalled.  He  brought  to  them  a 
broad  intelligence,  a  thoroughly  trained  mind,  and,  best  of  all,  a 
strong  love  of  justice,  and  a  deeply  humane  spirit.  His  treatment 
of  controverted  questions  was  at  once  philosophical  and  practical ; 
he  stated  with  great  force  and  perspicuity  the  principles  involved, 
and  sought  to  deduce  from  these  the  spirit  and  method  which 
should  control  decision  and  consequent  action. 

As  lawyer,  as  state  legislator,  as  Governor  of  New  York,  as 
United  States  Senator,  as  Secretary  of  State,  —  whatever  posi- 
tion he  filled,  his  luminous  mind  contributed  largely  to  enlighten 


the  public  intelligence,  to  heighten  the  sense  of  honor  and  justice 
and  humanity  in  the  community,  and  to  realize  the  most  generous 
hopes  and  visions  of  the  Founders  of  the  Republic. 

His  Addresses,  Messages,  Speeches,  and  Diplomatic  Correspond- 
ence form  an  important  contribution  to  the  literature  of  American 
Statesmanship,  and  cannot  fail  of  a  hearty  welcome  from  those 
who  duly  appreciate  the  value  of  these  papers  and  the  influence 
they  have  exerted  on  public  opinion.  Four  volumes  were  pub- 
lished during  Mr.  Seward's  lifetime.  The  contents  of  these  are 
as  follows :  — 

CONTENTS   OF  VOL.  I. 
Biographical  Memoir. 
Speeches  and  Debates  in  the  Senate  of  New  York. 
The  Militia  System  —  Bank  of  the  United  States  —  Removal  of  the  Deposits  —  Elec- 
tion of  Mayors  by  the  People  —  Prison  Discipline  —  Corporations  —  Colonial  His- 
tory of  New  York,  etc. 

Speeches  and  Debates  in  hie  Senate  of  the  United  States. 
Freedom  in  the  Now  Territories,  in  District  of  Columbia,  in  New  Mexico,  in  Europe 

—  French  Spoliations  —Kossuth  —  Exiles  of  Ireland  —  American  Steam  Naviga- 
tion—  Eulogies  on  Henry  Clay  and  Daniel  Webster — Survey  of  Arctic  and  Pa- 
cific Oceans    -The  Fisheries  —  Father  Mathew  —  Sir  John  Franklin  —  Amin  Bey 

—  New  York  Mint —  Peon  Slavery  —  The  Public  Lands  —  Internal  Improvements 

—  Fugitive  Slave  Law  —  Catlin's  Indian  Gallery,  etc. 

Forensic  A rg d m  ■  x  t». 
The  Freedom  of  the  Press,  Cooper  vs.  Greeley  —  Defence  of  William  Freeman  — 
Patent  Cases  —  Fugitive  Slave  Law  —  Defence  of  Abel  F.  Fitch,  etc 


CONTENTS  OF  VOL.  II. 

Notes  on  New  York. 
Government  —  Education  —  the  Clergy  —  the  Legal  and  Medical  Professions  —  In- 
ternal Improvements  —  Political  History,  etc. 

Annual  Messages  to  the  Legislature. 
1839,  1840,  1841,  1842  —  Internal  Improvements— Enlargement  of  Canal  —  Rail- 
roads —  Education  —  Immigration  —  Legal  Reform  —  the  Currency  —  Free  Bank- 
ing—  Prison  Discipline  —  Anti-Rent  Troubles,  etc 
Si-kcial  Messages. 
Virginia  Slave  Case  —  Georgia  do.  —  South  Carolina  do.  —  M'Leod   Case  —  Sup- 
pressed Veto  Message  of  New  York  Registry  Law,  etc 
Official  Correspondence. 
Virginia  Controversy  —  M'Leod   Controversy  —  Letters  to  Gen.   Harrison,  Daniel 
Webster,  Johu  Quincy  Adams,  Widow  of  Gen.  Harrison,  etc 
Pardon  Papers. 
Case  of  W.  L.  M'Kenzie  —  Thomas  Topping  —  John  C.  Colt  —  Benj.  Rathbun,  etc 

Political  Writings. 
Address  of  Republican  Convention,  1824  —  Address  of  Minority  of  Members  of  Legi* 
lature,  1831  —  Do.,  1832  —  Do.,  1834  —  Do.,  1837,  etc 


CONTENTS   OF  VOL.  III. 

ORATIONS   AND    DISCOURSES. 

Eulogy   on   Lafayette,    1834 — Oration   on   Daniel   O'Connell  —  Oiation   on   John 
Quincy  Adams  —  Discourse  on  Education,  1837  —  Discourse  on  Agriculture,  1842 

—  Ireland  and  Irishmen,  1844  —  True  Greatness  of  our  Country  —  Farms  and 
Farmers,  1852,  etc. 

Occasional  Speeches  and  Addresses. 

The  Union,  1825  — For  Greece,  1827  — Sunday  Schools,  1839  — Croton  Celebration 

—  John  Quincy  Adams,  1843 —  Cleveland  Speech,  1848  —  St.  Patrick's  Dinner  — 
Elections  —  Internal  Improvements,  etc. 

General  Correspondence. 
Letters  to  William  Jay,  Gen.  Gaines,  E.  C.  Delavan,  Daniel  Webster,  Henry  Clay, 
John  Quincy  Adams,  Thomas  Ewing,  Thomas  Clarkson  (England),  Bishop  Hughes, 
John  C.  Spencer,  Rev.  Dr.  Nott,  Lewis  Gaylord  Clark,  Silas  Wright,  Luther  Bra- 
dish,  Gerrit  Smith,  James  Bowen,  George  Bliss,  H.  C.  Westervelt,  Boston  Conven- 
tion (1851  J,  St.  Patrick's  Society,  etc. 

Letters  from  Europe. 
Nos.  1  to  68.     England,  Scotland,  Ireland,  France,  etc. 


CONTENTS   OF  VOL.  IV. 

Memoir,  Biographical  and  Historical. 
Orations  and  Addresses. 
The  Destiny  of  America  —  The  True  Basis  of  American  Independence  —  The  Phys- 
ical, Moral,  and  Intellectual  Development  of  the  American  People  —  The  Pilgrims 
and  Liberty. 

BlOrjRAPHT  OF  DEWlTT  CLINTON. 

Political  Speeches  (from  1855  to  1860),  including  those  famous  Western 

Speeches  in  the  Lincoln  Campaign  of  1860. 

Speeches  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States  (from  1854  to  1861). 

Appendix.     Speeches  at  and  following  the  Chicago  Convention  of  1860. 

The  fifth  and  concluding  volume  is  now  published,  with  a  new 
edition  of  the  previous  volumes.  This  volume  comprises  a  Me- 
moir, reciting  all  the  great  political  events  which  occured  in  the 
United  States  during  the  period  of  1861-9,  in  which  Mr.  Seward 
bore  a  conspicuous  part,  with  notices  of  his  extended  travels  and 
occasional  speeches  after  his  retirement  from  office  in  1869  to  his 
death  in  1872.  The  volume  includes  a  Journal  or  Diary  of  the 
War,  such  as  Mr.  Seward  furnished  our  Ministers  abroad  for  their 
information  in  regard  to  military  affairs  at  home. 

It  also  contains  selections  from  Mr.  Seward's  Diplomatic  Cor- 
respondence, embracing  those  remarkable  despatches  which  at- 
tracted so  much  attention  at  home  and  abroad. 

The  volume  closes  with  a  number  of  important  speeches  by  Mr. 
Seward,  with  Cabinet  papers  never  before  made  public.  This 
volume  may  fairly  be  called  "  The  Diplomatic  History  of  the 
War  for  the  Union"  under  which  title  it  is  published  and  sold, 
separately. 


From  the  many  notices  given  of  the  earlier  volumes,  three  have 
been  chosen  M  representing  quite  accurately  the  estimate  formed 
by  competent  judges  of  then  value. 

From  the  New  York  Tribune.     (Mr.  George  Ripley.) 

It  h  tareK-  tint  a  statesman  can  give  so  good  an  account  of  his  public  life,  as  is 
contained  in  those  volumes.  Daring  a  career  which  embraces  but  little  move  than 
half  a  ceiiturv  from  bis  birth,  Gov.  Seward  has  furnished  materials  for  this  volumi- 
DOW  work,  alike  honorable  to  hi*  ability,  industry,  and  native  nobleness  of  character. 
It  comprises  a  range  of  subjects  of  remarkable  extent  ;  not  limited  to  local  or  tempo- 
rary iuterests;  discussed  with  singular  gravity,  insight,  and  force  of  argument;  em- 
bodying profunnd  principles  of  politics  and  statesmanship;  and  illustrated  with  a 
variety  of  learning,  an  originality  of  statement,  and  a  beauty  of  rhetoric,  which  place 
tb"  author  in  the  front  rank  of  American  civilians. 

'I'll.'  editor  has  acquitted   himself  of  the  responsible  task  of  preparing  this  publica- 
tion for  the  press,  with  excellent  judgment  and  rare  fidelity.     The  brief  explanatory 
the  copious  references,  and  the  full  and  accurate  indexes  which  accompany  the 
work,  greatly  enhance  its  value,  and  betoken  a  painstaking  diligence,  worthy  of  high 
commendation. 

From  the.  New  York  Times      (Hon.  Henry  J.  Raymond.) 

There  has  scarcely  been  a  page  of  the  three  volumes  over  which  our  thumb-nail 
and  pen  have  travelled  together,  which  did  not  tempt  us  to  copious  extracts  ;  but  the 
multiplicity  of  -tlections  presents  difficulties  quite  as  great  as  are  afforded  in  the  want 
of  space  in  a  daily  sheet.  Hut  the  volumes  themselves  will  be  rapidly  placed  in  every 
well-ordered  library,  and  then  our  distractions  of  critical  selection  can  be  well  appre- 
ciated  by  our  rea 

The  first  volume  contains  a  biographical  memoir  —  upon  which  we  have  not  and 
shall  not  enlarge,  because,  while  we  depreciate  too  extended  isMies  upon  personal  life, 
when  that  life  contains  an  undeveloped  future,  the  lucid  sketch  before  us  leaves  no 
nerd  of  more  than  a  reference  —  the  speeches  in  State  and  national  senate,  and  the 
;  tbfl  few  reported  addresses  to  juries  at  nisi  prius,  and  arguments  of  law  in 
bunco  It  might  be  appropriately  lettered  by  the  writer  —  '"W  II.  Seward,  thb 
Orator."  The  second  might  stand  by  ita  side,  in  like  manner — \V.  II.  Seward, 
the   PRACTICAL  8l  \m  -man,"  containing,  as  it  'Iocs,  his  messages  as  Governor,  his 

pardon  papers,  official  correspondence,  and  various  writings  upon  political  topics  of 

moment.     The    third    volume,   were   we    publisher,    should    be    designated  — 
"W    II.  Siavari),  TBI  SCHOLAR,"  for  in  its  payes  appear  his  classical  eulogies  and 

agricultural  discourses  —  selections  from  his  general  correspondence  and  notes  of 
European  travel.  And  yet  there  is  not  a  speech,  a  paper,  or  a  letter,  in  either  volume 
from  which  the  critic  could  not  discover  the  three  characteristics  of  scholar,  orator, 
and  Statesman.  Senatorial  speech  and  casual  paper,  executive  message  and  agricul- 
tural remarks,  spontaneous  replies  and  labored  answers  alike  exhibit  severity  of 
taste,  compactness  of  thought,  and  classical  rhetoric. 

From  the  Providence  Journal.  (Hon.  Henry  B.  Anthony.) 
These  volumes  l>ear  ample  testimony  to  the  industry,  fidelity,  and  energy,  of  n  very 
able  man.  It  is  of  more  Importance  to  commend  these  works  to  the  young  men  of  the 
country  ;  they  need  them.  The  young  men  of  this  country,  connected  with  the  edu- 
cated and  commercial  classes  are  losing  tone,  and  nerve,  and  sinew,  and  are  coming  to 
think  that,  tin-  world  exists  for  the  purpose  of  developing  lar<:e  fortunes  in  successful 
trade  by  all  expedient  means.  The  nation  must  and  will  arouse  itself  and  shake  off 
this  low  tone  of  thought,  or  it  will  rot.  Now,  here  is  a  man  who  speaks  in  a  higher 
strain,  and  from  a  better  mood.  Here  is  a  man  who  does  a  full  day's  work  in  a  day, 
and  doe-  not  complain  of  his  ta>k.  Is  it  a  speech  in  the  senate,  aii  argument  at  the 
bar.  or  a  h  t  tei  to  a  friend  ?  —  it  is  carefully  studied,  correctly  written,  and  worthy  of 
the  man.  the  occasion  and  the  subject.  Here,  again,  is  a  man  who  understands  himself. 
can  make  others  understand  him,  and  who  adheres  to  his  convictions  through  evil 
and  through  good  report.  .  .  .  In  our  judgment,  Mr.  Seward  is  primus  inter  pares 
anions  the  abler  men  of  his  country,  aud  as  such,  we  commend  his  "  works  "  to  the 
careful  study  of  his  countrymen. 

HOUGHTON,  MIFFLIN  &  CO.,  Publishers,  Boston,  Mass. 

11  East  Seventeenth  Street,  New  York. 


i^J-_     jk/e. 


HUS 

5  5'fl  B 


THE 


WORKS 


OF 


WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD 


GEORGE   E.   BAKER 


"Nature  and  Laws  would  be  In  an  111  case,  If  Slavery  should  find  what  to  say  for  Itself,  and  Liberty 
be  mute;  and  If  tyrants  should  find  men  to  plead  for  them,  and  they  that  can  waste  and  vanquish 
tyrants,  should  not  be  able  to  find  advocates."  Milto*. 


IN  FIVE  VOLUMES 

VOL.  V. 

NEW  EDITION 


BOSTON 
HOUGHTON,  MIFFLIN  AND  COMPANY 

New  York:    11    East  Seventeenth  Street 

&ix  BtoCT#&e  ®tt&,  Cambri&Be 

1890 


6- 

in 


a6 
0 


ce^ 


/2^</c 


THE 


DIPLOMATIC  HISTORY 


¥AE  FOE  THE  UNION", 


BEING  THE  FIFTH  VOLUME 


WORKS  OF  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD. 


EDITED  BY 

GEORGE  E.  BAKER. 


BOSTON: 
HOUGHTON,  MIFFLIN  AND  COMPANY. 

New  York:    11    East   Seventeenth   Street. 

2t&e  BtoewUje  Ipreee,  CarabrttJff*. 

1890. 


Copyright,  1883, 
Bt  GEORGE  E.   BAKES. 

All  rights  reserved. 


7%s  Riverside  Press,  Cambridge,  Mass.,  U.  S.  A. 
Mectrotyped  and  Printed  by  11.  0.  Houghton  &  Company. 


PREFACE  TO  VOLUME  V. 


Histories  of  the  late  war,  springing  from  various  sources,  viewed 
from  different  standpoints,  and  written  in  varied  interests,  already 
abound.  The  present  volume,  in  its  own  way,  gives  what  may  be 
called  the  diplomatic  view  of  the  conflict.  Without  such  a  record 
the  student  of  history  would  miss  an  important  element. 

This  volume,  we  need  not  say,  covers  a  period  of  our  country's 
history  not  second  in  importance  to  that  which  gave  us  the  Consti- 
tution. And  it  may  be  added  that  Washington  and  Hamilton  were 
not  more  necessary  to  the  formation  of  the  Union  than  were  Lincoln 
and  Seward  to  its  preservation. 

In  the  preparation  of  this  volume  we  have  been  encouraged  in 
the  belief  that  material  of  history  was  being  gathered  which  would 
otherwise  be  inaccessible  to  the  public. 

The  contents  of  the  volume  require  but  few  prefatory  remarks. 

The  Memoir  makes  but  slight  pretensions  to  a  Biography.  It 
aims  simply  to  recite,  in  a  brief  way,  the  great  events  of  the  period 
of  which  Mr.  Seward  was  so  large  a  part.  Their  narration  may 
seem  a  biography. 

The  Diplomatic  Correspondence  of  the  War,  as  published 
by  Congress,  filled  more  than  twenty  large  volumes.  Large  edi- 
tions of  the  later  volumes  were  printed.  It  also  reappeared  in  news- 
papers, magazines,  pamphlets,  and  books,  and  was  eagerly  read  by 
millions  of  patriotic  people.  The  effect  was  not  unlike  that  pro- 
duced on  the  public  mind,  at  another  crisis  in  our  country's  his- 
tory, by  the  publication  of  Hamilton's  letters  in  the  "  Federalist." 

Congress,  it  is  hoped,  following  illustrious  precedent,  will  at  some 


IV  PREFACE  TO   VOLUME  V. 

early  day  publish  an  edition  of  the  "  Diplomatic  Correspondence  of 
1861-9  "  for  the  use  of  coming  generations. 

The  Diary,  or  Notes  on  the  War,  in  this  volume,  is  made 
from  the  Diplomatic  Correspondence,  being  those  portions  of  Mr. 
Seward's  almost  daily  despatches  to  our  Ministers  abroad,  designed 
to  give  them  authentic  annals  of  the  progress  of  the  war.  The 
views  given  were  usually  those  also  of  the  Executive. 

The  Selections  from  Diplomatic  Correspondence  embrace 
ninety-eight  of  Mr.  Seward's  despatches,  selected  with  the  desire  of 
giving  as  fair  and  as  full  a  view  as  possible  of  Mr.  Seward's  philos- 
ophy;  as  well  as  a  history  of  the  diplomatic  relations  of  the  conn- 
try  during  the  war.  The  Trent  affair,  the  officious  interference  of 
France  and  England  in  the  forms  of  recognition  and  mediation,  the 
rebel  cruisers,  the  Alabama  claims,  the  invasion  of  Mexico  by 
France,  are  among  the  subjects  quite  fully  presented  in  the  •*  Selec- 
tions."    Questions  of  international  law  are  discussed. 

Under  the  head  of  Occasional  Speeches  and  Miscellaneous 
Papers  the  remainder  of  the  volume  partakes  more  of  a  domestic 
character.  Mr.  Seward's  attention  was  not  wholly  devoted  to  for- 
eign affairs.  His  public  speeches  made  both  before  and  after  his 
retirement  from  office,  are  as  interesting  as  they  are  pertinent. 
Many  of  them,  in  their  familiar  style,  serve  to  show  the  cheerful 
tone  and  the  great  versatility  of  his  mind.  However  impromptu 
some  of  them  may  appear,  none  of  them  will  be  found  lacking  in  wise 
and  patriotic  counsel. 

Documents  and  Papers,  identified  with  our  country's  history, 
emanating  from,  or  bearing  the  name  of  Mr.  Seward,  fill  the  con- 
cluding pages  of  the  volume. 

The  Editor. 

Washington,  D.  C, ) 
June  1,  1883.  > 


CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME  V. 

THE  DIPLOMATIC  HISTORY  OF  THE  WAR  FOR  THE  UNION. 


MEMOIR. 

Biographical  and  Historical  : Page  1 

Mr.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  —  Frederick  W.  Seward,  Assistant  —  William 
Hunter,  Second  Assistant  —  Officers,  Clerks  and  Subordinates  of  the  Department  of 
State  —  Minister  and  Consuls  —  Despondency  of  Ministers  and  Friends  Abroad  — 
Mr.  Seward  Never  Despairs  —  A  Similar  Feeling  in  1776  —  John  Adams  —  Treaties, 
Large  Number  and  Important  —  Naturalization  —  Russia  —  China  —  Isthmus  Canal 

—  Rebel  Emissaries  —  Memorandum  —  Fort  Sumter  —  A  Cabinet  Opinion  —  Napo- 
leon Threatens  to  Interfere  —  An  Unofficial  Mission  to  Europe  —  Mr.  Seward's  Posi- 
tion in  the  Cabinet  and  in  Politics — W.  W.  Seaton's  Interview  —  Pro-Slavery  In- 
fluences Eradicated  —  Emancipation  in  District  of  Columbia  —  TJieJTrent  Affair  — 
Dangers  Averted  —  Mr.  Seward's  Wise  Diplomacy  —  Treaty  for  Suppression  of  Slave 
Trade  —  Its  Success  —  New  Orleans  Under  General  Butler,  a  Provisional  Court  of 
Justice  Instituted  —  Emancipation  Proclamation  of  September,  1862  —  Amend- 
ments Suggested  by  Mr.  Seward  Adopted  in  Cabinet  —  Proclamation  of  January  1, 
1863  — Resignation  Offered  —  Senatorial  Caucus  —  Presidential  Election  of  1864  — 
Alabama  Claims  Instituted  —  Mediation  Offered  and  Sought  in  Rebel  Interest  —  Ex- 
tradition —  Slave  Traders  —  Arguelles  —  The  Assassination  and  Calamities  of  1865 
Tributes  of  the  Nations  —  Remarkable  Thanksgiving  Proclamation  —  Impeachment 

—  William  M.  Evarts  —  Thirteenth  and  Fourteenth  Amendments  —  Reconstruction 

—  Alaska  —  Immigration  —  The  Monroe  Doctrine  —  Mexico  —  France  —  Presiden- 
tial Election  of  1868  —  Speeches  —  Voyage  to  West  Indies  —  Annexation  of  San 
Domingo  and  Danish  Islands  —  Treaty  with  China  —  Private  life — Visits  Alaska, 
Pacific  Coast,  and  Mexico  —  1869  — Journey  Round  the  World —  1870-1  — Auto- 
biography —  Book  of  Travels  —  Interoceanic  Canal  —  Treaties  —  Nicaragua  —  Da- 
rien  — Colombia  —  Intercontinental  Telegraph  —  Russian  Telegraph  — Atlantic  Ca- 
ble—  Mr.  Seward's  Death,  October  10,  1872 — Funeral  —  Tomb  —  Inscription  — 
The  Legislature,  of  New  York,  Ceremonies,  1873  — Charles  Francis  Adams  —  John 
A.  Dix  —  Eulogies  —  Statue  in  New  York  City  —  Presentation  Ceremonies,  1876  — 
Conclusion. 

Piary,  or  Notes  on  the  War  : 39 

Sedition  Shows  Itself  —  Insurrectionary  Movements  —  Fort  Sumter  —  No  Idea  of  a 
Dissolution  of  the  Union  —  Bull  Run  —  Panic  —  Manassas  —  Effect  in  Europe  —  A 
Lesson  —  Captain  Wilkes  Boards  a  British  Steamer — The  Trent  Affair  —  Diplo- 
macy —  Vigor  of  our  Government  —  1862  —  Campaigns  —  The  French  in  Mexico  — 
Slaves  Emancipated  by  our  Armies  —  An  Emancipating  Crusade  —  Success  in  the 
West  —  Burnside  and  Pope's  Victories — Earl  Russell's  Opinion  —  Slive  Trade 
Treaty  —  Lord  Lyons  —  Important  Strokes  in  the  West  —  Hostile  Attitude  of  Eng- 


▼1  CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME   V. 

land  —  Blockade  Successful  —  Army  Movements  and  Successes  —  Fremont,  Banks. 
McClellan  and  Sherman  —  Maguitude  of  Union  Forces  —  Corinth  and  Richmond  — 
Capture  of  New  Orleans  —  Effect  on  Fiance  and  England  —  Chickahominy  —  Farm- 
got,  Halleck,  Goldsborough  —  Seven  Days'  Battles  —  General  Butler  in  New  Orleans 

—  Military  Situation  —  Large  Preparations  —  Threatening  Action  of  Great  Britain 

—  Antietam  —  Foreign  Intervention  Rejected  —  War  on  the  Ocean  Contemplated  — 
Recognition  Threatened  —  Alabama  Claims  Mooted,  Nov.,  1862  —  Armies  Advan- 
cing, Slavery  Retreating — Grant,  Rosecrans,  Curtis — Garibaldi  —  Proclamation  of 
Freedom  —  1 863  —  Policy  Unchangeable  —  Burnside  and  Hooker's  Repulses  —  Sher- 
man at  Vicksburg — Congress  Diligent  —  Confidence  Reviving  —  European  Credul- 
ity —  Neutrality  Laws  Persistently  Violated  by  Great  Britain  —  Gettysburg  — 
Vicksburg  —  Charleston  —  General  Meade — Draft  Riots  —  The  Situation — Re- 
sume—  Negro  Soldiers  —  Efforts  to  Induce  British  Government  to  Prevent  Sailing 
of  "Iron  Rams"  —  Our  Prospects,  Contrasted  with  those  of  Europe —  Will  soon  be 
no  Slavery  to  Contend  with  —  Absurdity  of  Building  a  State  on  Human  Bondage  — 
Mediation  of  England  — Value  of  Slaves  —  A  New  Campaign  —  Navy  Increasing  — 
Farragut —  Recognition  —  Emigration  from  the  South  to  the  Territories  —  Public 
Impatience  —  Amendment  of  Constitution  —  General  Grant  in  Command  —  General 
Banks  on  the  Mississippi  —  Mexico  —  The  Wilderness  —  Chancellorsville  —  General 
Butler — Eighth  Day  of  very  heavy  Fighting  —  General  Sherman  in  Georgia  — 
General  Sheridan  —  General  Averill  —  Red  River  —  Army  of  the  Potomac  —  Severe 
Conflicts  —  General  Sigel  —  General  Hunter  —  General  Canby  —  Assaults  on  Peters 
burg  —  Congress — Destruction  of  the  Alabama  by  the  Kearsarge  —  Comments  — 
Invasion  of  Maryland  —  General  Wadsworth  —  The  Capital  Threatened  —  6th  und 
19th  Corps  —  Siege  of  Petersburg  and  Richmond  —  Rebel  Emissaries  on  the  Canada 
border — Election  of  1864  —  Atlanta  —  General  Logan  —  Mr.  Seward  Visits  Gen- 
eral Grant  —  Malvern  Hill —  General  Hancock  —  Mobile  —  Admiral  Farragut  — 
Captain  Window  —  Rumors  —  Cabinet  —  Armistices  —  Enlistments  Numerous  — 
Shenandoah  Valley — Public  Credit  Good  Loans  Freely  Taken  —  The  Atlantic 
Cable  Completed  —  Brighter  Prospects  —  The  Rebel  Steamer  Georgia  Captured  — 
Winchester  —  General  Sheridan  —  Gold  Falls  30  percent.  —  Staunton — Jefferson 
Davis  —  General  Meade — Elections  —  Steamers  Chesapeake,  Philo  Parsons,  mid 
Island  Queen  —  St.  Albans  Raid  — Canadian  Conduct  —  Notice  to  Great  Britain  — 
Sheridan's  Ride  —  Cedar  Creek  —  General  Rosecrans  —  Rebel  Government  Consid- 
ering emancipation  and  Arming  of  Negroes  — General  Thomas  —  The  Rebel  Florida 
Sunk  —  Union  policy  as  to  Slavery  —  Counter  Revolution  Considered  —  Rebel  In 
trigncs  —  Army  Successes —  Downfall  of  Slavery  Manifest  —  Savannah  —  Admiral 
Porter  —  Fort  Fisher — Henry  S.  Foote — Francis  P.  Blair,  Senior,  Visits  Rich- 
mond, Results  —  Interviews,  Conferences  —  Stephens,  Hunter,  and  Campbell,  Rebel 
Commissioners — Amendment  of  the  Constitution  —  General  Terry  —  Admiral  Dahl- 
gren  —  General  Schofield  —  Army  of  the  Potomac  —  Rebel  Debt  Delusion  —  Mili- 
tary Convention,  Grant  and  Lee  —  Overtures  —  General  Stoncman  —  Richmond 
Falls  -r-r  General  Weitzel  —  Flight  —  Surrender  —  Collapse  —  Assassination  of  Pres- 
ident Lincoln  —  Attempt  on  Secretary  Seward  —  Mr.  Frederick  W.  Seward 
Wounded  —  Mr,  Hunter—  Mr.  Adams  —  Passports  for  Rebels  —  Pardons. 

Selections  from  Diplomatic  Correspondence: 187 

Secretary  Black's  View  of  the  Late  Election  —  Mr.  Seward's  Instructions  to  Bu- 
chanan's Ministers  —  The  Paris  Declaration  —  Privateering  —  Maritime  War  —  In- 
structions to  Mr.  Judd  —  Nature  of  the  Union  —  Mr.  Sanford  —  Counteracting  the 


CONTENTS   OF   VOLUME  V.  vii 

Efforts  of  Rebel  Agents  in  Europe  —  Mr.  Sanford's  Selection  as  Minister  to  Brus- 
sels—  Free  Trade —  The  New  Tariff—  Rebel  Arguments  in  Europe  —  Mr.  Adams 
. —  Exhaustive  View  of  the  Situation  —  The  late  Election — Buchanan's  Adminis- 
tration —  Union  and  Disunion  Contrasted  —  A  Physical  Impossibility  — The  Presi- 
dent's View  and  Duty  —  Loyalty  and  Diligence  of  Mr.  Adams —  His  Grandfather, 
John  Adams  —  Recognition  —  Intervention — War  —  Position  of  Gj^eat^Brjiain  — 
Civilization.  Mr.  Burlingame — Austria — Vienna  —  The  Union  —  Reply  to  Rebel 
Arguments  —  Lincoln's  Administration  —  Forbearance  and  Conciliation  —  Mr.  Day- 
ton—  France  —  Misunderstanding  by  the  Imperial  Government  —  The  Agents  of 
the  Confederacy  in  Paris  —  An  Elaborate  Statement  of  the  Case  —  Unanswerable 
Arguments  —  The  Crisis  —  Fort  Sumter  Attacked — Surrender  —  Slavery  Consid- 
ered—  A  Revolution — Foreign  Interference  —  Extent,  Progress,  and  Termination 
of  the  War  —  Mr.  King  —  Rome  —  Sedition  and  Aliens  —  Mr.  Wood  —  Denmark  — 
The  Cabinet  a  Unit  —  Mr.  Dayton  —  France — Our  Policy  —  Mr.  Adams — Great 
Britain  —  A  Permanent  Policy  Developed  —  Mr.  Clay  —  Russia  —  Slavery  the  Cause 
of  the  War  —  Mr.  Marsh  —  Italy  —  The  Union  a  Necessity  —  Mr.  Fogg  —  Switzer- 
land —  Recognition  to  be  Prevented  —  Mr.  Dayton  —  France  —  Mr.  Pike  —  Nether- 
lands —  Mr.  Adams  —  Great  Britain  —  Mediation  Inadmissible  —  Mr.  Dickinson  — 
Nicaragua  —  Foreign  Intervention  —  Mr.  Adams — The  Queen's  Proclamation  — 
Mr.  Dayton — France  —  Mediation  Declined  —  The  United  States  Sovereign  —  Mr. 
Adams  —  British  Views  Inadmissible  —  Foreign  War  —  The  Blockade  —  Mr  Adams 

—  Lord  John  Russell  —  Reservation  —Congress  of  Pans  — The  Trent  Affair  —  Inter- 
national Law  —  Lord  Lyons  —  Captain  Wilkes —  Mr.  Mercier —  Mr.  Thouvenel  — 
Mr.  Hulseman  —  Mr.  Motley  —  Austria  —  An  Emancipating  Crusade  —  Mr.  Wood 

—  Despondency  —  Faith  —  Mr.  Sanford  —  Belgium  —  Slavery  and  Cotton  —  Re- 
view of  the  Situation  —  Foreign  Intervention  —  Mr.  Dayton  —  French  Scepticism  — 
Intervention  —  Slavery  and  Colonization  —  Mr.  Adams  —  Slavery  Discussed  —  In- 
tervention Considered  —  Mr.  Cameron — Foreign  and  Domestic  Affairs  —  Procla- 
mation of  September,  1862 —  Emancipation  — Immigration  —  Limit  to  Civil  War 

—  Volunteers  in  Excess  —  Mr.  Dayton  —  Details  of  a  Conspiracy  —  The  Situation 
Reviewed  —  Emancipation  Policy  —  Mr.  Pike  —  The  Higher  Law  —  The  Slavery 
Question  the  experimenlum  cruris  of  Politics.  Proclamation  of  January  1,  1863  — 
Fiance  and  the  Union  —  Mediation — Sympathy  of  British  Artizans  —  Russia  — 
Mr.  Dayton  —  Our  Policy  of  Non-intervention  —  The  British  Courts  —  The  Alex- 
andra —  British  Aggressions  —  Indemnities  —  Review  —  Mr.  Marsh  —  Italy  —  Mr. 
Adams  —  A  Crisis  —  War  with  Great  Britain  —  Alliance  of  France  and  England  — 
Consequences  —  Serious  Topics  Discussed  —  Mr.  Dayton  —  France  and  Mexico  — 
The  Emperor  —  The  "Moniteur."      Mr.  Adams  —  Rebel  Cruisers  —  Earl  Russell 

—  Our  Navy  —  The  Alabama,  1863  — Claims  Presented  —  Maximilian  —  Mr. 
Pike  —  Negro  Emigration  —  The  Conduct  of  the  War,  1864  —  The  War  our  own 
Affair  —  England  and  the  Irish  — Religion  —  Mr.  Bigelow  —  Fiance  and  Mexico  — 
Mr.  Adams  —  Death  of  the  President  —  Tributes  —  Montholon  —  Intervention  — 
French  Views  —  Monarchy  in  Mexico  —  Maximilian  —  Our  Views — Mr.  Drouyn 
del'Huys  — Mr.  Kilpatrick,  Chili  —  Mr.  Wriirht,  Prussia  — Naturalizaiion  —  Mr. 
Adams  —  Alabama  Claims  —  Reply  to  Lord  Stanley  —  The  Rebel  Cruisers  —  Inter- 
national Law.  The  Relations  of  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  Reviewed  at 
Length  —  Mr.  Adams  —  The  Alabama  Claims  —  Lord  Stanley  —  A  Joint  Commis- 
sion —  A  Mixed  Commission  — Two  Commissions —  Mexico  — France —  Mr.  Camp- 
bell —  Maximilian  --Juarez—  General  Sherman  —  Mr.  King  —  Surratt  —  Diplo- 
matic Duties  —  Alabama  Claims,  delay  —  The  Irish  People  —  Maximilian's  Capture 


Viu  CONTENTS   OP   VOLUME  V. 

—  Jnarez  —  Mr.  Campbell  —  Intercession  for  Maximilian  —  Mr.  Johnson,  Minister 
to  England — Instructions — Unsettled  Questions  Considered  —  Naturalization  — 
Serious  Complaints  —  The  Irish  —  The  Alabama  Claims  —  A  Joint  Commission. 

Occasional  Speeches  and  Miscellaneous  Papers  :  483 

Occasional  Speeches  —  The  Fall  of  Vicksburg,  July  7, 1863  — The  Progress  of  the 
War  — The  Cemetery  at  Gettysburg,  November  18,  1863  — The  Fall  of  Atlanta, 
September  3,  1864  — The  Allies  of  Treason — Politics  —  Perseverance  in  the 
War  —  Election  —  Auburn,  November  7,  1864  —  Chicago,  London,  and  Richmond 

—  Niagara  —  St.  Albans  —  The  Assurance  of  Victory  —  Reelection  of  President 
Lincoln  —  Assassination,  1865  —  President  Johnson  and  his  Cabinet  —  Subjuga- 
tion —  Restoration  of  Union  —  The  President's  Message  —  The  Nervous  Man  — 
Joint  Committees  —  Joint  Resolutions —  The  Freedmen's  Bureau  —  The  Situation 
and  the  Duty,  1868  —  Mexico  —  Reconstruction  —  Reconciliation  —  The  Thir- 
teenth Amendment — A  Hopeful  View  —  Alaska — Speech  at  Sitka  August  ?2, 
1869  —  The  North  Pacific  Coast — British  Columbia  —  Our  North  Pacific  State.- 
Speeches  in  Mexico  —  Reception  of  the  Chinese  Embassy  —  Mr.  Burlingame  —  The 
Darien  Canal  —  A  Corporation  —  Peter  Cooper  —  A  Visit  from  Syracuse  Friends, 
April,  1 870  —  The  Destiny  of  America. 

Miscellaneous  Papers  : 594 

Proclamation  of  Emancipation,  1863  — Amendments  of  Constitution —  1865  —  The 
"Thirteenth  Amendment"  —  Correspondence  with  Governors  of  Reconstructed 
States  —  Repudiation  of  Rebel  Debts  —  Provisional  Governors  —  The  Fourteenth 
Amendment  —  Fugitive  Slaves  in  1861  and  General  McClellan  —  Treaties — Nat- 
uralization —  Alaska  —  Chinese  —  Suppression  of  Slave  Trade  —  Darien  —  Cabinet 
Paper  on  the  Reinforcement  of  Fort  Sumter,  the  Argument  —  Governor  Hicks  — 
Rebel  Emissaries  —  John  Forsyth  —  Immigration,  Rights  of  Aliens  —  The  Union 
and  the  Church  —  A  Vindication  —  Dr.  Thompson  —  The  Clerks  of  the  Depart- 
ment —  "  Seward." 

See  Index 617-626 


MEMOIR. 


MEMOIR. 


Mb.  Seward  entered  upon  his  duties  as  Secretary  of  State  on 
the  5th  o!  March,  1861.  His  son,  Frederick  W.  Seward,  was  ap- 
pointed Assistant  Secretary  on  the  6th. 

William  Hunter,  who  had  been  in  the  Department  of  State  since 
May,  1829,  was  retained  as  chief  clerk,  and  subsequently  made  sec- 
ond Assistant  Secretary,  which  office  be  still  holds.1  At  different 
times  during  his  life  he  was  the  acting  Secretary  of  State. 

Of  the  subordinates  in  the  department  who  began  with  Mr.  Sew- 
ard, nearly  all  continued  to  the  close  of  his  second  term,  eight  years. 
The  correspondence  *  occurring  at  the  termination  of  their  official 
relations  with  Mr.  Seward  discloses  something  of  the  spirit  in 
which  the  duties  of  the  department  were  discharged  by  all,  even 
the  humblest,  of  its  officers  during  those  eventful  years,  as  well  as 
the  appreciation  they  received  from  their  venerated  and  distin- 
guished chief. 

While  despising  political  cant  about  "economy,"  Mr.  Seward 
conducted  the  affairs  of  the  department  with  an  inexpensireness 
that  attracted  the  notice  of  Congress.  Its  sphere  of  duties  was  at 
the  same  time  greatly  enlarged. 

Mr.  Seward's  coadjutors  abroad  were  well  chosen  for  their  ability 
and  patriotism, — such  men  as  Charles  Francis  Adams,  Henry  S- 
Sanfard,  William  L.  Dayton,  Anson  Burlingame,  George  P.  Marsh, 
J.  Lothrop  Motley,  Thomas  Corwin,  Carl  Sehnrz,  and  John  Bigs- 
low.  Their  despatches  *  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  as  published  by 
Congress,  bear  ample  proof  of  the  fidelity  and  industry  which 
characterized  this  important  branch  of  the  public  service  daring  the 
Mr.  Seward  never  oiled  to  acknowledge  and  comssnnd  the 


4  MEMOIR. 

zealous  and  faithful  manner  in  which  they  seconded  his  efforts  to 
maintain  just  and  peaceful  relations  between  the  United  States  and 
all  the  nations  of  the  world.  His  consular  system,  which  at  an 
farly  period  became  self-sustaining,  was  perfected  and  made  an  im- 
portant branch  of  foreign  intercourse. 

With  notable  exceptions,  the  ministers  abroad  were  inclined 
to  regard  the  success  of  their  government  despairingly.  Their 
despatches  to  Mr.  Seward,  reflecting  the  general  sentiment  at  for- 
eign courts,  were  full  of  criticisms  on  the  conduct  of  the  war,  and 
weighed  down  with  gloomy  forebodings  of  its  final  result.  Mr. 
Seward,  on  the  other  hand,  never  despaired.  Patiently,  and  with 
great  ability,  he  answered  the  doubting  epistles  of  his  correspond- 
ents, explaining  what  to  them  was  dark  or  seemingly  unwise,  and 
re-inspiring  them  with  hope  of  the  salvation  of  the  Union ;  at  the 
same  time  furnishing  them  with  facts  and  arguments  to  counteract 
the  plots  and  misrepresentations  of  its  enemies. 

Never  for  a  moment  himself  doubting  the  triumph  of  the  Re- 
public, it  was  with  deep  regret  that  he  saw  any  indulgence  of  de- 
spondency among  those  who  represented  it  in  foreign  lands.  Grave 
apprehensions  of  foreign  interference  were  more  rife  abroad  than  at 
home.  These  Mr.  Seward  labored  constantly  to  allay,  while  with 
no  less  assiduity  he  sought  to  remove  all  grounds  for  such  disheart- 
ening fears.1 

John  Adams,  during  the  Revolutionary  War,  encountered  among 
his  foreign  correspondents  doubts  of  the  success  of  the  cause  of  in- 
dependence not  unlike  those  Mr.  Seward  so  often  had  occasion  to 
remove  or  allay.  In  a  letter  to  the  Count  de  Vergennes,  dated  July, 
1780,  Mr.  Adams  says:  "Most  people  in  Europe  have  wondered  at 
the  inactivity  of  the  American  army  for  these  two  years  past ;  but 
it  is  merely  from  want  of  knowledge  or  attention."  After  our  de- 
feat on  Long  Island,  in  1776,  Mr.  Adams  rebuked  the  despondency 
of  his  friends  in  very  similar  language  to  that  used  by  Mr.  Seward. 
Mr.  Adams  says :  u  The  panic  which  is  spread  on  this  occasion  is 
weak  and  unmanly ;  it  excites  my  shame  and  indignation.  But 
it  is  wearing  off.  If  our  whole  army  had  been  cut  to  pieces,  it 
would  have  been  shameful  to  have  been  so  intimidated  as  some  are 
or  pretend  to  be.     Congress  I  hope  will  stand  firm." 

The  duties  of  the  Department  of  State,  as  we  have  intimated, 

>  See  despatch  to  Mr.  Wood,  April  22,  1862.  pnge  816. 


THE   DEPARTMENT. — TREATIES.  5 

were  very  arduous  during  the  war.     Mi.  Seward  alludes  to  this  in 
one  of  his  despatches,  when  he  says:  — 

"  You  can  readily  imagine  how  vast  a  machinery  has  bean  created  in  the  War 
Department,  in  the  Navy  Department,  and  in  the  Treasury  Department  respec- 
tively. The  head  of  each  is  a  man  of  busy  occupations,  high  responsibilities,  and 
perplexing  cares.  You  would  hardly  suppose  that  a  similar  change  has  come  over 
the  modest  little  State  Department  of  other  and  peaceful  days  ;  but  the  exac- 
tions upon  it  are  infinite,  and  out  of  all  that  offers  itself  to  be  done,  I  can  only 
select  and  do  that  which  cannot  be  wisely  or  safely  left  undone." 

Mr.  Seward,  during  his  administration,  negotiated  forty-four  trea- 
ties ;  among  which  were  those  for  the  suppression  of  the  slave  trade, 
with  Great  Britain  in  1862 ;  for  the  acquisition  of  Alaska,  with 
Russia,  in  1867  ;  extending  our  relations  with  China,  in  1868  ;  to 
facilitate  the  construction  of  a  canal  across  the  Isthmus,  and  to  se- 
cure the  interests  of  the  United  States  therein,  with  Nicaragua,  in 
1867  ;  to  secure  the  rights  of  naturalized  citizens  in  various  coun- 
tries, in  18rJ8.  Three  important  treaties  failed  to  receive  the  ap- 
proval of  the  Senate :  one  for  the  annexation  of  the  Danish  islands, 
one  for  the  cession  of  the  Bay  of  Samana  in  San  Domingo,  and  the 
other  for  the  construction  of  a  canal  across  the  Isthmus  of  Darien. 

Believing  with  Lord  Bacon  that  onl}r  nations  that  are  liberal  of 
naturalization  are  fit  for  empire,  Mr.  Seward  claimed  before  the 
governments  of  Europe,  for  all  persons  not  convicted  or  accused  of 
crime,  an  absolute  political  right  of  self-expatriation  and  a  choice  of 
new  national  allegiance,  with  all  its  exemptions  and  privileges.  On 
these  principles  he  negotiated  a  number  of  treaties  regulating  nat- 
uralization. 

After  an  experience  of  nearly  ten  years,  the  following  tribute  to 
the  wisdom  and  sagacity  which  negotiated  the  treaty  with  Germany 
in  1868,  among  others,  is  found  in  the  annual  message  of  President 
Hayes  of  December  3,  1877. 

"  Numerous  questions  in  regard  to  passports,  naturalization  and  exemption 
from  military  service  have  continued  to  arise  in  cases  of  emigrants  from  Germany 
who  have  returned  to  their  native  country.  The  provisions  of  the  treaty  of  Feb- 
ruary 22,  18t>8,  however,  have  proved  to  be  so  ample  and  so  judicious  that  the 
legation  of  the  United  States  at  Berlin  has  been  able  to  adjust  all  claims  arising 
under  it,  not  only  without  detriment  to  the  amicable  relations  existing  between 
the  two  governments,  but  it  is  believed  without  injury  or  injustice  to  any  duly  nat- 
uralized American  citizen.  It  is  desirable  that  the  treaty  originally  made  with  the 
North -German  Union  in  1868,  should  now  be  extended,  so  as  to  apply  equally  to 
all  the  states  of  the  Empire  of  Germany." 


6  MEMOIR. 

Mr.  Seward,  in  1856,  thus  describes  the  Department  of  State  as 
it  then  was  :  1  — 

"It  is  the  di'pository  of  the  seals  of  the  Republic.  It  directs  and  regulates  the 
merely  executive  operations  of  government  at  home,  and  all  its  foreign  relations. 
Its  agents  are  numbered  by  the  hundred,  and  they  are  dispersed  in  all  civilized 
countries  of  the  world.  From  the  chief  here  in  his  bureau  to  the  secretaries  of 
legation  in  South  America,  Great  Britain,  France,  Russia,  Turkey,  and  China, 
there  is  not  one  of  these  agents  who  has  ever  rebuked  or  condemned  the  exten- 
sion or  aggrandizement  of  slavery.  There  is  not  one  who  does  not  even  defend 
and  justify  it.  There  is  not  one  who  does  not  maintain  that  the  Hag  of  the  United 
States  covers  with  its  protection  the  slaves  of  the  slaveholding  class  on  the  high 
seas." 

Mr.  Seward  had  been  in  office  but  a  few  days  when  formal  over- 
tures were  made  to  him  by  the  secessionists  for  negotiations  toward 
a  settlement  of  existing  difficulties. 

The  commissioners  representing  the  secessionists  at  first  asked 
for  an  unofficial  interview  with  the  Secretary  of  State.  This  he 
promptly  declined.  They  subsequently  presented  at  the  Depart- 
ment a  sealed  communication  to  which*  he  replied  in  a  "  Memoran- 
dum "2  reviewing  their  case  with  entire  frankness,  while  explicitly 
repudiating  their  positions.  The  subject  of  "  the  evacuation  or  re- 
inforcement of  Fort  Sumter"  was  closely  connected  with  these 
quasi  negotiations,  and  became  a  matter  of  grave  dispute. 

Mr.  Seward  expressed  his  opinion  thereon  at  length  in  a  confi- 
dential paper  submitted  to  the  President  in  Cabinet  Council,"*  on 
the  15th  of  March,  1861. 

It  was  during  the  darkest  days  of  the  Rebellion,  when  thickening 
disasters  were  befalling  our  armies  in  the  field,  and  treason  was  ac- 
tive at  Washington  and  in  the  North,  with  rebel  emissaries  and 
their  allies  plotting  mischief  on  the  Canadian  border,  and  our  for- 
eign relations  in  their  most  critical  condition,  that  Napoleon  com- 
municated, in  an  autograph  letter,  his  intention  to  intervene  in  the 
contest  with  all  the  strength  he  conld  command.  Mr.  Seward  re- 
plied to  this  threat  in  decided  but  becoming  language. 

He  furthermore  conceived  the  idea  of  sending  to  Europe,  in  an 
unofficial  capacity,  three  representative  and  influential  men  to  meet 
the  impending  danger  of  foreign  intervention.     He  chose  for  this 

1  See  vol.  iv.  page  265. 
»  See  page  610. 
»  See  page  606. 


HIS   POSITION   IN   THE   CABINET.  7 

mission  Archbishop  Hughes,1  Bishop  Mcllvaine  and  Mr.  Thurlow 
Weed.2 

Mr.  Seward,  on  assuming  the  responsible  duties  of  his  office,  ab- 
solved himself  from  all  party  allegiance  that  might  in  any  manner 
embarrass  him.  He  especially  renounced  all  aspirations  for  the 
presidency,  and  surrendered  all  ambition  except  that  of  saving  the 
Union. 

Nevertheless,  misapprehensions  prevailed  in  regard  to  his  views 
and  his  course,  and  his  position  in  the  President's  Cabinet.  It  was 
never  his  habit  to  explain  or  defend  his  official  conduct  in  the  news- 
papers before  the  public.  We  find  him,  however,  in  July,  1862, 
when  the  tide  of  misrepresentation  was  at  its  height,  departing  some- 
what from  his  rule,  engaging  in  a  conversation  with  the  editor3  of 
the  "  National  Intelligencer,"  in  which  he  gave  emphatic  contradic- 
tion to  a  number  of  false  and  mischievous  accusations  current  at 
that  time  in  the  newspaper  press. 

"  The  honorable  Secretary,"  says  Mr.  Seaton,  "  freely  admitted  that  he  felt, 
perhaps  more  sensibly  than  others,  the  importance  of  avoiding  misapprehensions 
in  public  affairs,  because  it  devolves  upon  him  to  daily  counteract  the  effect 
abroad  of  publications  which  often  are  not  jnore  inconsiderately  made  than  they 
are  speedily  corrected  at  home.  The  armies  of  the  government,  which  are  strong 
as  they  are  brave,  need  reinforcements,  and  the  world  needs  to  know  that  they 
are  promptly  coming  in  response  to  the  call  of  the  government.  Every  rumor  of 
division  of  counsels,  and  of  conflict  among  or  about  generals,  every  private  jeal- 
ousy, and  even  the  utterance  of  every  private  grief,  however  unavoidable,  tends 
to  defeat  these  important  objects. 

"  The  Secretary,  therefore,  felt  fully  authorized  and  at  liberty  to  say,  that  he 
never  exercised  nor  assumed  a  power  or  a  duty  in  the  progress  of  this  war  with 
which  he  was  not  specially  charged  by  the  President,  and  in  the  performance  of 
which  he  was  not  always  in  free  communication  with  him.  That  neither  to  the 
President  nor  to  any  other  person  has  he  ever  expressed  distrust  of  the  President 
or  of  any  of  his  associates  in  the  government;  but,  on  the  contrary,  has  uniformly 
supported  and  defended  them  all.  That  he  has  not  been  quick  or  willing  to  en- 
tertain complaints  against  any  general,  whether  Scott  or  McDowell,  Fremont  or 
McClellan,  or  Halleck,  or  Grant,  or  Buell,  or  Dix,  or  Sigel,  or  Shields,  or  Banks, 
or  Blencker,  but  has  exerted  his  best  endeavors  to  sustain  them  all,  more  when 
they  encountered  defeats  than  when  they  achieved  victories.  That  he  has  neither 
introduced  nor  encouraged  any  test  question  in  the  Cabinet  concerning  men  or 
measures,  or  even  said  or  thought  of  insisting  on  the  appointment,  or  approval,  or 
rejection  of  any  man,  or  the  adoption  or  rejection  of  any  measure  as  a  condition 
of  adherence  to  the   administration,  to  the  war,  or  to  the  cause  of  the  country. 

1  Congress  in  1776  tppointed  as  one  of  three  Commissioners  to  Canada,  Rev.  John  Carroll,  afterward 
Archbishop  of  Baltimore. 
I  See  Autobiography  of  Thurlow  Weed.  *  Hon.  W.  W.  Seaton. 


8  MEMOIR. 

He  has  never  seen  any  intemperance  in  debate  in  the  Cabinet,  and  has  discour- 
aged it  in  public  bodies  and  journals,  equally  whether  it  appeared  in  favor  of  his 
own  views  or  against  them.  That  he.  never  proposed  or  even  thought  of  requiring 
the  removal  or  the  overruling  of  the  propositions  of  any  member  of  the  Cabinet, 
nor  has  he  proposed  or  thought  of  resigning  his  own  place  in  it,  nor  has  ever  one 
word  of  unkindness  or  distrust  passed  between  the  President  or  any  of  his  official 
advisers  and  himself.  He  is  content,  as  he  hitherto  has  been,  to  remain  where 
lie  is,  so  long  as  this  causeless  and  iniquitous  war  continues,  and  so  long  as  the 
chosen  chief  magistrate  of  the  country  requires  it,  even  though  his  advice  should 
be  overruled,  which  happens  very  rarely;  and  then  in  cases  which  his  own  judg- 
ment, better  informed,  sometimes  approves.  At  the  same  time  he  would  not,  if 
lie  could,  for  any  reason  prolong  his  stay  in  the  place  he  now  holds  one  hour 
beyond  the  time  when  the  President  should  think  it  wise  to  relieve  him.  And 
when  he  shall  retire  from  it,  it  will  be  with  the  determination  he  has  more  than 
once  heretofore  expressed,  under  no  circumstances  whatever  to  be  a  place-holder 
in  the  service  of  his  country,  even,  although,  as  he  most  confidently  expects,  it 
shall  emerge  in  its  full  strength  and  greatness  from  its  present  troubles.  He 
hopes  no  one  of  his  fellow-citizens  thinks  so  unkindly  of  him  as  to  suppose  that  he 
would  be  content  to  exercise  power  in  a  fraction  of  it,  if  it  should  consent  to  be 
divided." 

The  substance  of  this  conversation  was  generally  published,  and 
served  to  allay  many  floating  rumors  prejudicial  to  the  administra- 
tion. 

Mr.  Seward,  in  common  with  all  men  holding  places  of  power  in 
the  government,  was  subject  not  only  to  misrepresentation,  but  to 
gross  calumny.  His  friends  seemed  more  troubled  by  the  assaults 
made  on  his  reputation  than  he;  to  one  of  these  friends  he  ad- 
dressed the  following  letter  : l  — 

October  8,  1866. 

Sir  :  —  I  thank  you  for  the  kind  attention  you  have  manifested  in  writing  to 
me  your  letter  of  the  4th  instant.  In  that  friendly  communication  you  cjdve  me 
a  report  of  certain  speeches  made,  in  your  neighborhood  with  a  view  to  affect  the 
private  character  of  the  President  of  the  United  States,  and  also  my  own. 

I  am  not  appointed  or  authorized  to  vindicate  the  President  against  personal 
calumnies.  The  entire  experience  of  the  United  States  thus  far  shows  that  cal- 
umny of  the  Chief  Magistrate  is  a  chronic  form  of  party  activity,  and  that  it  has 
always  failed  of  lasting  effect. 

So  far  as  I  myself  am  concerned,  it  is  only  necessary  to  say  that  I  have  no  re- 
membrance  of  a  time  daring  my  public  life  in  which  less  charitable  views  of  my 
public  and  private  character  were  taken  by  those  who  differed  from  me  than  those 
which  arc  now  presented  by  opponents  of  the  policy  which  it  is  my  duty  to  maintain. 

My  first  complaint  of  unkindness  at  the  hands  of  any  of  my  fellow- citizens  re- 
mains yet  to  be  made,  and  I  think  it  may  with  safety  be  still  longer  deferred. 

1  To  Sumner  Stebbins,  M.  D.,  Unionvillc,  Chester  County,  Fenn.  See  also  letters  to  Key.  J.  P.  Thorny 
ton,  D.  D.,  post,  page  613. 


INCIDENTS   OF   PATRIOTISM.  9 

Mr.  Seward's  patriotism  was  manifested  in  various  ways  during 
the  war.  In  August,  1862,  when  the  needs  of  the  country  were 
pressing  heavily  upon  its  loyal  citizens,  he  addressed  the  several 
persons  holding  positions  in  the  Department  of  State,  as  follows  :  — 

August  12,  1862. 
To  thk  Assistant  Secretary  of  State,  and  other  persons  in    the  service 

of  the  Department  of  State  :  — 

There  are  thirty-two  of  us  now  employed  in  tliis  department,  of  whom  fifteen 
are  between  the  ages  of  eighteen  and  forty-five.  I  think  we  should  furnish  at 
least  that  number  of  volunteers  for  the  military  service,  either  personally  or  by 
volunteers  enrolled  through  our  exertions  respectively.  I  propose  to  furnish  three 
such  volunteers,  and  I  invite  your  immediate  consideration  of  the  means  of  find- 
ing the  others  The  places  of  those  who  personally  volunteer  will  be  retained 
for  them  until  the  expiration  of  their  time  of  service.1 

When  asked  for  "  words  to  encourage  enlistments  "  he  responded  : 

"  I  give  them,  the  United  States,  the  greatest  of  all  nations  if  they  stand  to- 
gether—  the  most  miserable  if  they  fall  asunder." 

The  colored  men  inquired  of  him  as  to  their  duty  in  view  of  the 
fact  that  the  wages  offered  to  them  as  soldiers  were  less  than  those 
received  by  white  soldiers.     He  sent  them  this  reply  :  — 

"  The  duty  of  the  colored  man  to  defend  his  country  whenever  and  wherever 
and  in  whatever  form,  is  the  same  with  that  of  the  white  man.  It  does  not  de- 
pend on,  nor  is  it  affected  by,  what  the  country  pays  us  or  what  position  she  as- 
signs us;  but  it  depends  on  her  need  alone,  and  of  that  she,  not  we  are  to  judge. 
The  true  way  to  secure  her  rewards  and  win  her  confidence  is  not  to  stipulate 
for  them,  but  to  deserve  them.  Factious  disputes  among  patriots  about  compen- 
sations and  honors  invariably  betray  any  people,  of  whatever  race,  into  bondage. 
If  you  wish  your  race  to  be  delivered  from  that  curse,  this  is  the  time  to  secure 
their  freedom  in  every  land  and  for  all  generations.  It  is  no  time  for  any  Amer- 
can  citizen  to  be  hesitating  about  pay  or  place." 

The  total  eradication  of  pro-slavery  influences  from  the  govern- 
ment was  one  of  the  responsibilities  thrown  upon  the  new  adminis- 
tration. One  of  Mr.  Seward's  earliest  acts  was  to  instruct  the 
recently  appointed  Marshal  of  the  District  of  Columbia  to  Cease  re- 

i  A  newspaper  at  the  time  remarked  :  "  The  clerks  responded  to  the  proposition  with  enthusiasm,  and 
we  understand  that  twelve  of  them  have  already  been  enrolled,  and  that  the  others  will  be  promptly 
forthcoming.  A  little  incident  which  occurred  yesterday  still  further  illustrates  Secretary  Seward's 
patriotism.  During  the  morning  he  sent  a  note  to  Capt.  Harrover  (who  is  engaged  in  recruiting  district 
soldiers),  requesting  him  to  send  to  his  office  eight  recruits  •  They  were  sent,  and  as  soon  as  they  ap- 
peared before  the  Secretary  he  handed  one  of  them  a  neat  little  package,  upon  which  they  retired  and 
opened  the  mysterious  envelope,  when  to  their  surprise,  they  discovered  a  nfty-dollir  treasury  note  for 
each  one  of  them." 


1 0  MEMOIR. 

ceiving  into  the  jail  of  the  District,  fugitive  slaves  to  be  delivered 
np  to  their  masters,  according  to  a  long-standing  municipal  ordi- 
nance. The  effect  of  this  was  to  relieve  the  fears  of  thousands  of 
fugitives  from  Virginia  and  Maryland,  who  flocked  to  the  District 
and  were  sustained  for  a  considerable  time  by  rations  furnished  by 
the  government.  At  the  same  time  he  instructed  General  Mc- 
Clellan  *  that  slaves  escaping  into  our  lines  should  receive  military 
protection,  and  not  be  liable  to  arrest.  The  Mayor  of  Washington 
received  similar  orders. 

In  1850,  Mr.  Seward  introduced  a  Bill  into  the  Senate  of  the 
United  States,  to  abolish  slavery  in  the  District  of  Columbia.  It 
received  only  five  votes2  while  its  author  was  denounced  as  an  in- 
cendiary and  a  traitor. 

Among  the  early  acts  of  the  administration  (April,  1862),  was 
the  appointment  of  three  commissioners  to  carry  out  the  Act  of 
Congress  for  the  emancipation,  with  compensation  to  their  owners, 
of  all  the  slaves  in  the  District.  The  result  left  no  slave  at  the 
seat  of  Government,  and  notably  fulfilled  the  predictions  of  Mr. 
Seward  in  1850,  and  put  to  flight  the  forebodings  of  his  enemies.3 

On  the  15th  of  April,  1861,  the  President  issued  his  proclama- 
tion calling  for  75,000  militia,  to  suppress  the  treasonable  combina- 
tions which  had  become  too  powerful  to  be  suppressed  by  the 
ordinary  course  of  law.  To  this  call,  the  loyal  people  promptly  re- 
sponded. The  troops  hastened  to  the  city  of  Washington  to  se- 
cure its  possession  in  the  hands  of  the  government.  In  passing 
through  Baltimore,  they  met  with  armed  resistance  from  a  mob. 
The  Governor  of  Maryland  became  alarmed  and  addressed  a  letter 
to  the  President,  asking  that  no  more  troops  be  sent  through  that 
state.  To  this  extraordinary  request,  the  Secretary  of  State  replied 
in  a  public  letter,4  remarkable  for  its  eloquence  and  patriotism. 

On  the  8th  of  November,  1861,  Captain  Charles  Wilkes,  of  the 
U.  S.  Steamer  San  Jacinto  intercepted  on  the  ocean,  H.  B.  M. 
mail  packet  boat  Trent,  having  on  board  four  rebel  emissaries 
bound  for  England.  Having  boarded  the  Trent,  an  officer  of  the 
San  Jacinto,  with  an  armed  guard,  arrested  the  rebels  Mason,  Sli- 
dell,  McFarland  and  Eustis,  and  transferred  them  to  ;ne  San  Ja- 

1  See  Order  of  December  4.  1861,  page  599. 

*  In  1862,  the  rote  in  the  Senate  was  ayes  29,  nnys  14  :  in  the  House,  ayes  92,  nays  d8 

»  See  Vol.  i   p.  Ill;  vol.  iv.  p.  20.;  Wilson,  vol.  ii.  p.  298. 

«  See  page  609. 


THE   TRENT   AFFAIR.  11 

cinto.  The  Trent  then  proceeded  on  her  voyage.  Captain  Wilkes 
conveyed  his  captives  to  Boston,  where  they  were  consigned  to  Fort 
Warren,  then  a  receptacle  for  political  prisoners.  When  this  trans- 
action became  known  to  the  British  government,  immediate  prepa- 
rations were  made  for  war.  In  the  United  States,  the  act  was 
hailed-as  a  victory.  The  Secretary  of  the  Navy  publicly  applauded 
Captain  Wilkes,  and  the  House  of  Representatives  did  the  same. 
The  Secretary  of  State,  upon  whom  the  chief  responsibility  in  the 
matter  rested,  saw,  more  clearly  than  others,  that  a  breach  of  inter- 
national  law  had  been  committed  by  the  commander  of  the  San 
Jacinto.  The  President  coincided  with  Mr.  Seward,  and  it  was  at 
once  resolved  to  restore  the  rebel  captives  to  the  protection  of  the 
British  flag.1 

Mr.  Seward's  reasons  for  adopting  this  course  are  ably  presented 
in  his  correspondence  with  Mr.  Adams  and  the  British  and  French 
ministers.2 

On  the  publication  of  the  correspondence  a  complete  change  in 
public  opinion  ensued.  Mr.  Seward  was  regarded  everywhere  as  a 
peace-maker  and  a  wise  diplomatist.  Great  Britain  accepted  his 
solution  of  the  threatening  difficulty  in  proper  terms,  while  the 
other  European  powers  concurred.3 

Thus  was  settled  one  of  the  most  formidable  questions  that  con- 
fronted our  government  during  the  civil  war.  Mr.  Adams  in  his 
Oration  4  reviews  the  transaction  with  a  power  of  eloquence  height- 
ened by  his  intimate  knowledge  of  the  facts  and  circumstances. 

While  the  excitement  caused  by  the  Trent  affair  was  still  alive, 
the  British  government,  through  Lord  Lyons,  asked  permission  to 
send  a  detachment  of  troops  to  Quebec  across  the  state  of  Maine 
from  Portland,  Quebec  at  the  time  being  blockaded  with  ice.  Mr. 
Seward  courteously  granted  the  request  although  he  was  aware  that 
these  soldiers  were  probably  originally  intended  to  act  in  hostility 
to  the  United  States.  The  prompt  courtesy  of  Mr.  Seward  in  this 
case  helped  to  restore  good  feeling  between  the  two  countries.5 

1  Mr.  Webster  Sfcretary  of  State,  in  1851,  said  "  I  cannot  bring  myself  to  believe  that  these  Govern- 
ments (England  and  France)  or  either  of  them,  dare  to  search  an  American  merchantman  on  the  high 
seas  to  ascertain  whether  individuals  may  be  on  board  bound  to  Cuba  and  with  hostile  purposes." 
Private  Correspondence,  p  477. 

«  See  pages  295-310. 

R  The  points  of  International  Law  presented  in  the  "  Trent  Case,"  are  concisely  discussed  by  Dana  in 
his  Notes  to  VVheaton. 

4  See  page  36. 

»  It  is  a  coincidence  in  history,  that  in  1790,  Lord  Dorchester  asknd  leave  of  President  Washington  to 
march  a  British  army  from  Detroit  to  the  Mississippi  River.     See  Hamilton's  Works,  vol.  iv.,  page  48. 


12  MEMOIR. 

Despite  the  existence  of  the  war,  and  the  accumulation  of  labors 
it  brought  upon  Mr.  Seward,  he  found  time  to  negotiate  a  treaty 
with  Great  Britain  for  the  suppression  of  the  slave-trade.  On  the 
'20th  of  May,  1862,  it  was  ratified,  and  Congress  proceeded  at  once 
to  give  effect  to  its  provisions.  The  result  was  the  total  eradica- 
tion of  the  nefarious  traffic.  In  1866,  Mr.  Seward  was  able  to  sug- 
gest the  withdrawal  of  the  naval  forces,  no  longer  required  to  en- 
force the  provisions  of  the  treaty.  Many  attempts  had  heretofore 
been  made,  ineffectually,  to  negotiate  a  treaty  not  subject  to  na- 
tional jealousies  nor  in  conflict  with  the  interests  and  policy  of  our 
slave-holders.  In  1817,  Wilberforce  urged  the  matter  upon  the  at- 
tention of  John  Quincy  Adams,  who,  when  he  became  Secretary  of 
State  in  1821,  negotiated  a  similar  treaty.  But  it  failed  to  receive 
the  confirmation  of  the  Senate.  The  subject  often  wore  a  threaten- 
ing aspect.  In  negotiating  the  present  treaty,  Mr.  Seward  and 
Lord  Lyons  removed  every  embarrassment.  "  Had  such  a  treaty," 
said  Mr.  Seward,  "  been  made  in  1808,  there  would  have  been  now 
no  sedition  here  and  no  disagreement  between  the  United  States 
and  foreign  nations."  On  another  occasion  he  remarked,  "  The 
African  slave-trade  which  has  been  so  long  clandestinely  carried 
on  from  American  ports  was  a  mercenary  traffic  without  even  the 
poor  pretext  that  it  brought  laborers  into  our  country,  or  that  other 
and  worse  pretext  that  it  was  necessary  to  the  safety  or  prosperity 
of  any  state  or  section.  It  was  carried  on  in  defiance  of  our  laws 
by  corrupting  the  administration  of  justice.  The  treaty  contains 
no  provisions  that  can  embarrass  an  honest  and  lawful  trade,  and 
none  that  can  inflict  a  wound  upon  the  national  pride.  It  was 
freely  offered  by  this  government  to  Great  Britain,  not  bought  or 
solicited  by  that  government.  It  is  in  harmony  with  the  sentiments 
of  the  American  people.  It  was  ratified  by  the  Senate  unanimously, 
and  afterwards  distinctly  approved  with  not  less  unanimity  by  both 
houses  of  Congress.  Not  a  voice  has  been  raised  against  it  in  the 
country." 

Under  Mr.  Seward,  "corrupting  the  administration  of  justice" 
ceased.  Slave-traders  were  hanged  in  New  York  or  delivered  to 
their  own  governments  for  punishment.1  It  was  indeed  through  his 
very  peremptory  instructions  that  the  laws  of  the  United  States 
against  this  crime,  were,  for  the  first  time,  rigidly  enforced,  against 
powerful  influences,  and  execution  carried  into  effect. 

1  See  the  case  of  Arguelles,  page  19. 


THE   EMANCIPATION   PROCLAMATION.  13 

After  the  capture  of  New  Orleans  by  the  Union  forces,  in  May, 
1862,  a  large  number  of  foreign-born  persons,  not  naturalized,  re- 
siding there,  made  numerous  claims  and  raised  a  variety  of  ques- 
tions which,  through  the  ministers  and  consuls  of  their  respective 
countries,  were  brought  to  the  attention  of  the  Secretary  of  State. 
Many  of  these  questions  were  of  an  intricate  and  delicate  character. 
The  military  authorities  in  Louisiana  failed  to  render  any  satisfac- 
tory solution  of  them. 

Mr.  Seward  conceived  the  idea  of  establishing  a  provisional 
court  in  New  Orleans,  to  be  entirely  independent,  with  powers  un- 
limited, and  whose  decisions  should  be  conclusive  in  all  cases.  An 
executive  order  to  this  effect  was  issued  on  the  20th  of  October, 
1862,  proclaiming  that  whereas 

"  The  insurrection  which  has  for  some  time  prevailed  in  several  of  the  States 
of  the  Union,  including  Louisiana,  having  temporarily  subverted  and  swept  away 
the  civil  institutions  of  that  State,  including  the  Judiciary  and  the  judicial  author- 
ities of  the  Union,  so  that  it  has  become  necessary  to  hold  the  State  in  military 
occupation  ;  and  it  being  indispensably  necessary  that  there  shall  be  some  judicial 
tribunal  existing  there  capable  of  administering  justice,  I  have  therefore  thought 
it  proper  to  appoint,  and  I  do  hereby  constitute  a  provisional  court,  which  shall 
be  a  court  of  record  for  the  State  of  Louisiana,  and  I  do  hereby  appoint  Charles 
A.  Peabody  of  New  York  to  be  a  provisional  judge  to  hold  said  court  .  .  .  his 
judgment  to  be  final  and  conclusive.   .  .  . 

By  the  Pkksidknt  :  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State." 

All  causes,  civil  and  criminal,  including  causes  in  law,  equity,  rev- 
enue and  admiralty,  were  within  the  powers  of  this  court,  and  no 
review  of  its  judgments  by  any  other  court  was  allowed.  Its  au- 
thority and  the  validity  of  its  acts  were  considered  in  the  Supreme 
Court  of  the  United  States  and  fully  sustained.1 

The  Saint  Albans  raid  added  not  a  little  to  the  duties  and  re- 
sponsibilities of  the  Secretary  of  State.  He  sent  an  agent  to  Mon- 
treal and  engaged  able  counsel  2  to  endeavor  to  secure  the  rights 
and  property  of  the  citizens  of  Vermont  in  the  courts  of  her  neigh- 
boring province,  but  without  avail. 

The  Emancipation  Proclamation  of  September  22,  1862.  and  that 
of  January  1,  1863,  both  3  received  the  hearty  approval  of  Mr.  Sew- 
ard. At  a  cabinet  meeting  held  to  consider  the  September  procla- 
mation, Mr.  Seward  suggested  two  important  amendments  to  Mr, 

1  See  Albany  Law  Journal,  Vol.  TIT  ,  page  348. 
*  George  F.  Edmunds,  now  United  States  Senator, 
a  See  post,  pages  345,  594. 


14  MEMOIR. 

Lincoln's  draft  of  the  document.  He  had  at  a  previous  meeting 
advised  a  delay  in  issuing  the  proclamation,  for  the  reason  that  we 
were  then  humbled  by  repeated  defeats  of  our  armies,  and  that  a 
better  impression  would  be  made  if  the  proclamation  came  after  a 
victory,  when  it  would  not  appear  as  a  token  of  despair.  The  Pres- 
ident accepted  the  advice  and  now  1  that  a  grand  success  had  been 
achieved  at  Antietam 2  the  day  had  come.  He  called  upon  the 
members  of  his  Cabinet  for  their  views  and  criticisms  on  his  impor- 
tant paper. 

Mr.  Seward  suggested  that  it  would  be  better  to  leave  out  all 
reference  to  the  act  being  sustained  during  the  present  administra- 
tion, and  not  merely  say  the  government  "  recognizes  "  but  that  the 
army  and  navy  will  "  MAINTAIN  "  the  freedom  proclaimed. 

Mr.  Lincoln  characterized  the  suggestion  as  "  very  judicious," 
and  favored  its  adoption.  The  modification  was  concurred  in  unan- 
imously. 

Mr.  Seward  then  further  proposed  that  in  the  passage  relating 
to  "colonization,"  it  should  plainly  appear  that  the  colonization 
proposed  was  to  be  only  with  the  consent  of  the  colonists  and  the 
consent  of  the  States  in  which  colonies  might  be  attempted.  This 
suggestion  also  was  adopted. 

When  the  first  day  of  January,  1863,  arrived,  nearly  all  opposi- 
tion had  ceased,  and  the  public  mind  was  prepared  for  the  great 
proclamation.  At  noon  on  that  day,  Mr  Seward  took  the  engrossed 
copy  to  the  executive  mansion,  where,  in  the  council  chamber  of  the 
President,  it  was  signed  by  Mr.  Lincoln  and  Mr.  Seward,  and  after- 
ward received  the  seal  of  the  United  States  at  the  Department  of 
State,  and  was  deposited  among  the  archives. 

During  the  period  of  gloom  and  excitement  which  succeeded  the 
appalling  defeat  of  the  Union  army  before  Fredericksburgh,  De- 
cember 13th,  1862,  a  caucus  of  Republican  senators  gathered  and 
hastily  passed  resolutions  advising  the  President  to  change  the  chief 
member  of  his  Cabinet,  and  appointed  a  committee  to  lay  the  reso- 
lution before  him. 

Learning  of  the  action  of  the  caucus,  Mr.  Seward  instantly  wrote 
his  resignation,  and  placing  it  in  the  President's  hands,  withdrew 
from  the  department.  When  the  senatorial  committee  arrived  at 
the  executive  mansion  they  found  the  President  had  convened  all 

*  September  22, 1862.  *  September  19,  1862. 


THE   CABINET. MEDIATION.  15 

the  remaining  members  of  the  Cabinet  to  meet  them  and  discuss 
the  question.  They  were  informed  that  if  they  proposed  to  take 
the  untenable  ground  that  Cabinet  appointments  or  changes  were 
to  be  dictated  by  Congress  or  caucuses,  it  would  be  making  a  radi- 
cal change  in  the  national  system,  in  which  the  Cabinet  were  not 
prepared  to  acquiesce.  The  action  of  the  caucus  was  the  more. un- 
reasonable in  this  case,  because  the  Secretary  of  State  was  in  no 
wise  responsible  for  the  military  disasters. 

Rather  than  consent  to  the  proposed  change,  the  whole  Cabinet 
were  prepared  to  resign  their  seats.  The  Secretary  of  the  Treas- 
ury had  already  placed  his  resignation  in  the  President's  hands,  and 
the  others  would  follow  his  example. 

Meanwhile,  as  the  news  got  abroad,  protests  and  animadversions 
upon  the  uncalled-for  action  of  the  caucus  began  to  pour  in  through 
the  press  and  the  mails.  More  sober  counsels  then  prevailed,  and 
th  >se  who  had  taken  part  in  the  caucus  began  to  explain  and  modify 
their  course.     The  following  letters  show  the  result :  — 

Executive  Mansion,  Washington,  December  20,  1862. 
Hon.  William  H.  Seward  and  Hon.  Salmon  P.  Chase. 

Gentlemen  :  —  You  have  respectively  tendered  me  your  resignations  as  Secretary 
of  State  and  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  of  the  United  States.  I  am  apprised  of 
the  circumstances  which  may  render  this  course  personally  desirable  to  each  of 
you;  but,  after  most  anxious  consideration,  my  deliberate  judgment  is,  that  the 
public  interest  does  not  admit  of  it.  I  therefore  have  to  request  that  you  will 
resume  the  duties  of  your  departments  respectively. 

Your  obedient  servant,  A.  Lincoln. 

Department  of  State,  Washington,  December  21,  1861.     Sunday  Morning. 

My  Dear  Sir:  —  I  have  cheerfully  resumed  the  functions  of  this  department,  in 
obedience  to  your  command. 

With  the  highest  respect,  your  humble  servant. 

William  H.  Seward. 
The  President  of  the  United  States. 

Mediation  between  the  government  of  the  United  States  and  the 
rebels  was  offered  by  different  foreign  powers,  at  several  stages  of 
the  war.  The  disloyal  element  of  the  North  encouraged  such  pro- 
positions, while  the  government  repelled  every  offer  of  the  kind. 
Mr.  Seward  had  promptly  rebuked  the  first  suggestion  of  foreign  ar- 
bitration in  his  letter  to  the  Governor  of  Maryland  in  April,  1861.1 

1  See  page  609. 


16  MEMOIR. 

Early  in  1863,  the  Emperor  of  France  made  a  formal  presenta- 
tion of  the  subject  to  our  government  through  M.  Mercier,  the  Min- 
ister of  France  residing  at  Washington.1 

Under  date  of  February  6,  1863,  Mr.  Seward  prepared  a  des- 
patch2  to  Mr.  Dayton  of  remarkable  ability,  giving  the  reasons 
for  declining  to  enter  into  diplomatic  discussion  with  the  insur- 
gents. 

In  the  autumn  of  1864,  the  canvass  for  the  Presidential  election 
opened  under  very  trying  circumstances.  The  war  was  still  raging 
with  varied  fortunes.  The  Union  party  nominated  Mr.  Lincoln 
for  reelection.  The  opposition  presented  as  their  candidate,  Gen- 
eral George  B.  McClellan,  who  had  been  retired  from  the  com- 
mand of  the  Union  army  two  years  before.  The  platform  of  the 
opposition  declared  the  war  to  be  a  failure.  General  McClellan 
repudiated  its  treasonable  features  in  accepting  his  nomination. 
He  nevertheless  received  the  support  of  the  disloyal  element  of 
the  North  and  the  secret  aid  of  the  insurgents.  Mr.  Seward,  in  a 
speech  3  at  Auburn,  November  7,  1864,  portrayed  the  situation  in  a 
clear  and  convincing  manner. 

The  election  resulted  in  the  choice  of  Abraham  Lincoln  by  an 
electoral  vote  of  212,  to  21  for  General  McClellan.  Andrew  John- 
son was  elected  Vice-President. 

As  early  as  November,  1862,  Mr.  Seward  had  directed  that  rec- 
lamation should  be  made  on  the  British  government  for  the  dam- 
ages inflicted  upon  American  commerce  by  the  Alabama  and  other 
vessels  of  British  origin.  In  1863,  propositions  for  "any  fair  and 
equitable  form  of  arbitrament  "  began  to  be  discussed. 

In  1865  (August  30),  Lord  John  Russell  announced  that  "  Her 
Majesty's  government  must  decline  either  to  make  reparation  and 
compensation  for  the  captures  made  by  the  Alabama  or  to  refer  the 
question  to  any  foreign  state." 

On  the  27th  of  August,  1866,  Mr.  Seward  presented  to  the 
British  government  a  list  of  individual  claims  on  account  of  the 
pirate  Alabama.  Then  followed  a  series  of  negotiations  and  corre- 
spondence between  the  two  governments  which  continued  until  the 
close  of  Mr.  Seward's  administration  as  Secretary  of  State. 

The  several  vessels  built  in  Great  Britain  and  devoted  to  the  ser- 
vice of  the  confederates  were  a  constant  source  of  anxiety  to  the 

1  See  page  376.  *  See  page  376.  »  See  page  505. 


THE    ALABAMA    CLAIMS.  17 

Department  of  State,  and  a  frequent  topic  of  correspondence  be- 
tween the  Secretary  and  our  ministers  abroad.  He  did  not  hesitate 
to  denounce  all  these  vessels,  their  officers  and  crews,  as  pirates1 
because  they  belonged  to  no  nation  or  lawful  belligerent. 

The  destruction  of  the  Alabama  by  the  Kearsarge  in  June,  1864, 
and  the  capture  of  the  Florida  in  the  waters  of  Brazil  in  October 
of  the  same  year,  elicited  from  Mr.  Seward  despatches  of  remark- 
able interest. 

Owing  to  a  change  of  ministry  in  Great  Britain,  during  the  con- 
troversy, and  to  other  causes,  more  or  less  delay  occurred  in  the 
negotiations. 

The  propositions  made  by  Great  Britain,  through  Lord  Stanley, 
for  arbitration  were  declined  by  the  United  States,  because  they 
contained  reservations  and  limitations  incompatible  with  the  rights, 
interest  and  honor  of  our  country.  Mr.  Seward  nevertheless  ex- 
pressed a  confident  opinion  that  Great  Britain  would  not  finally  re- 
fuse to  satisfy  our  just  and  reasonable  claims  which  involve  the 
sacred  principle  of  non-intervention  —  a  principle,  he  added  of  not 
more  importance  henceforth  to  the  United  States,  than  to  all  other 
commercial  nations.2  On  another  occasion  he  said,  "I  feel  bound 
to  declare  my  opinion  before  the  world  that  the  justification  offered 
by  Great  Britain  for  the  course  pursued  by  her  ministry  cannot  be 
sustained  before  the  tribunal  of  nations."  3 

On  the  4th  of  July,  1871,  a  treaty  was  proclaimed  by  Mr.  Sew- 
ard's successor,  Mr.  Fish,  providing  for  an  amicable  settlement  of 
all  causes  of  difference  between  the  two  countries  by  a  joint  high 
commission.  This  commission  instituted  a  tribunal  of  arbitration 
which  met  at  Geneva,  in  Switzerland,  in  1872.  This  tribunal  was 
empowered  to  determine  whether  Great  Britain  had  failed  to  fulfil 
any  of  its  duties  toward  the  United  States  during  the  Rebellion, 
and,  if  so,  to  fix  the  proper  sum  of  money  to  be  paid,  in  gross,  to  the 
United  States  in  satisfaction  of  the  various  claims  presented.     The 

1  Mr.  Webster,  Secretary  of  State  in  1851,  denned  a  pirate  thus  :  "  An  armed  vessel  fitted  out  obviously 
and  flagrantly  for  warlike  purposes,  found  sailing  on  the  high  seas  without  a  commission  from  any 
acknowledged  government  .  .  .  might  be  regarded  as  a  pirate."    (Private  Correspondence,  p.  477.) 

2  See  Despatches  to  Adams,  August  27,  1866,  January  12,  1867,  and  August  12,  1867. 

s  During  the  rebellion  of  the  South  American  States  against  Spain  and  the  administration  of  James 
Monroe,  John  Quincy  Adams  being  Secretary  of  State,  a  similar  course  of  privateering  or  piracy  ema- 
nated from  the  United  States.  Baltimore,  in  1820,  rivalled  Liverpool  in  1863,  in  sending  out  piratical 
cruisers  like  the  Alabama  and  the  Florida.  But  the  vigor  of  Monroe's  administration  in  efforts  to  sup- 
press and  restrain  the  unlawful  enterprises  was  in  marked  contrast  with  the  feeble  attempts  of  the 
British  government  in  1861-1864.  See  Memoirs  of  John  Quincy  Adams,  Vols.  IV.,  V. 
2 


18  MEMOIR. 

tribunal  awarded  fifteen  and  one-half  millions  of  dollars  to  the 
United  States,  under  the  power  conferred.  The  British  govern- 
ment promptly  paid  the  sum  which  had  been  thus  awarded.  This 
ended  a  controversy  originated  and  managed,  on  Mr.  Seward's  part, 
with  great  ability  1  and  unwearied  zeal — met  as  he  often  was,  in 
his  demands,  by  peremptory  rebuffs  from  Lord  John  Russell. 

Mr.  Seward,  as  we  have  seen,  never  remitted  his  efforts  to  secure 
a  settlement  of  our  claims  against  Great  Britain.  Negotiations  of 
other  treaties  were  vigorously  prosecuted  about  the  same  time  at 
home  and  abroad.  The  title  to  the  island  of  San  Juan,  whicli  was 
finally  awarded  to  the  United  States  by  the  arbitrator,  was  included 
in  the  subjects  under  discussion.  The  difficult  questions  with 
Great  Britain,  Germany  and  other  nations  relating  to  naturaliza- 
tion, were  carefully  considered,  and  several  treaties  thereon  were 
negotiated. 

Not  only  did  no  act  or  word  of  Mr.  Seward,  during  his  admin- 
istration, ever  prolong  for  one  day  the  existence  of  slavery,  but 
his  hand  and  seal  are  to  be  found  on  the  treaty  whicli  put  an 
end  to  the  slave-trade  throughout  the  world ;  on  the  Emancipa- 
tion Proclamation,  a  military  measure,  and  on  the  constitutional 
amendment  that  forever  abolished  slavery  throughout  the  United 
States. 

The  records  of  the  Department  of  State  under  Mr.  Seward  bear 
witness  to  the  recognition  of  Hayti  and  its  black  representatives  ; 
the  abolition  of  the  foreign  and  the  internal  slave-trade  ;  the  aboli- 
tion of  slavery  in  the  District  of  Columbia  and  throughout  the 
Union.  Mr.  Seward,  ever  mindful  of  human  rights,  instructed  our 
ministers  abroad,  that  the  decree  of  emancipation  reached  even 
foreign  lands.     In  July,  1868,  he  wrote  as  follows  :  — 

"  The  great  change  of  the  political  relations  between  the  races  in 
this  country  has  made  it  the  duty  of  this  government  to  see  that  no 
unjust  or  unnecessary  discriminations  are  made  in  foreign  countries 

1  Mr.  Evarts,  at  Toronto  in  September,  1879,  then  Secretary  of  State,  in  a  public  address,  recognized 
Mr.  Seward's  services  in  diplomacy  in  the  following  terms  :  "  You  have  very  justly  attributed  to  my 
predecessor,  Mr.  Seward,  a  great  part,  entitling  him  to  the  gratitude  of  the  people  of  England,  as  well  as 
to  the  gratitude  of  the  people  of  his  own  country  —  I  mean  his  skilful  management  of  the  relations  be- 
tween the  two  nations  during  the  dark  night  of  our  civil  war :  and  when  that  war  ended,  his  benevolent 
diplomacy  finally  succeeded  in  bringing  about  between  the  two  nations  a  solution  of  the  causes  of  diffi- 
culty which,  but  for  that  solution,  might  have  disturbed  their  peace  for  many  years  —  I  mean  the  con- 
sent to  peaceful  arbitration  of  the  grievance  growing  out  of  the  Alabama  difficulties.  He  thus  gave  a 
signal  instance  both  of  a  forethought  and  a  benevolence  in  diplomacy  that  have  seldom  been  equalled 
mi  the  history  of  international  negotiations." 


EXTRADITION.  —  SLAVE-TRADERS.  19 

between  citizens  of  the  United  States  of  different  birth,  extraction, 
or  color." 

To  such  lengths  did  Mr.  Seward's  opposition  to  slavery  go,  as  we 
have  seen  in  our  progress,  that  he  did  not  hesitate,  the  President  con- 
curring, to  surrender  a  noted  Cuban  slave-trader,  named  Arguelles, 
to  the  Spanish  authorities  for  punishment,  notwithstanding  there 
was  no  extradition  treaty  existing  between  Spain  and  the  United 
States  to  warrant  such  a  surrender.  Although  this  criminal  was  a 
most  atrocious  offender,  and  although  Mr.  Seward's  course  had  the 
approval  of  the  President,  much  indignation  was  manifested  in  cer- 
tain quarters  and  Mr.  Seward  was  bitterly  denounced.  Resolutions 
of  inquiry  into  the  matter  were  introduced  into  Congress.  Mr. 
Seward  in  his  l'eply,  through  the  President,  vindicates  his  course  in 
a  few  words  :  "  There  being  no  treaty  of  extradition,"  he  says,  "  be- 
tween the  United  States  and  Spain,  nor  any  act  of  Congress  direct- 
ing how  fugitives  from  justice  in  Spanish  dominions  shall  be  de- 
livered up,  the  extradition  in  the  case  referred  to  in  the  resolution 
of  the  Senate  is  understood  by  this  Department  to  have  been  made 
in  virtue  of  the  law  of  nations  and  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States.  Although  there  is  a  conflict  of  authorities  concerning  the 
expediency  of  exercising  comity  towards  a  foreign  government  by 
surrendering,  at  its  request,  one  of  its  own  subjects  charged  with 
a  commission  of  crime  within  its  territory,  and  although  it  may  be 
conceded  that  there  is  no  national  obligation  to  make  such  a  sur- 
render upon  a  demand  therefor,  unless  it  is  acknowledged  by  treaty 
or  by  statute  law,  yet  a  nation  is  never  bound  to  furnish  asylum  to 
dangerous  criminals  who  are  offenders  against  the  human  race ;  and 
it  is  believed  that  if,  in  any  case,  the  comity  could  with  propriety 
be  practised,  the  one  which  is  understood  to  have  called  forth  the 
resolution  furnished  a  just  occasion  for  its  exercise." 

The  President  alluded  to  this  case  in  his  annual  message  to  Con- 
gress in  1864,  declaring  that  he  entertained  "  no  doubt  of  the  power 
and  duty  of  the  Executive,  to  exclude  enemies  of  the  human  race 
from  an  asylum  in  the  United  States." 

The  case  was  briefly,  this :  Jose*  Agustin  Arguelles,  a  slave- 
dealer,  sold  in  Cuba  three  hundred  negroes,  stolen  from  Africa.  He 
then  fled  to  New  York,  expecting  there  to  enjoy  the  spoils  of  his 
villany.  The  Spanish  police  pursued  him.  His  arrest  and  trial  in 
Cuba  would  cause  the  release  from  bondage  of  the  three  hundred 


20  MEMOIR. 

negroes.  No  treaty  of  extradition  existed  at  the  time  between  the 
United  States  and  Spain,  and  no  power  seemed  to  be  vested  in  any 
functionary  of  the  United  States  government  to  cause  the  arrest 
and  surrender  of  the  great  criminal,  a  fugitive  from  justice.  He 
was,  nevertheless,  arrested  in  the  City  of  New  York  b}>-  the  United 
States  Marshal.  The  Spanish  Minister  at.  Washington  was  in- 
formed by  Mr.  Seward  while  the  arrest  was  going  on,  that  if  a  suit- 
able officer  be  sent  to  New  York  by  the  Captain-General  of  Cuba, 
such  steps  as  may  be  proper  would  be  taken  to  place  in  his  charge, 
for  the  purpose  indicated  in  the  confidential  note  of  the  Spanish 
Minister,  Don  Jose"  Augustus  Arguelles.  The  Captain-General  ac- 
cordingly designated  one  of  his  aides-de-camp  as  the  person  to  re- 
ceive Arguelles,  and  requested  that  he  be  put  on  board  a  steamer 
for  Havana.  On  the  19th  of  May,  1864,  the  Captain-General  an- 
nounced the  arrival  of  Arguelles  at  Havana  in  charge  of  a  confiden- 
tial officer. 

In  the  course  of  the  proceedings,  Mr.  Seward,  in  an  interview 
with  the  agents  of  the  Cuban  government,  remarked  that  "so  far  as 
depends  on  me,  as  Secretary  of  State,  Spanish  slave-dealers  who 
have  no  immunity  in  Havana  will  find  none  in  New  York." 

The  Captain-General  requested  the  Spanish  Minister  at  Washing- 
ton to  convey  to  Mr.  Seward  the  thanks  of  the  Cuban  government 
for  his  services  to  humanity,  in  this  affair,  because  he  had  assisted 
in  the  exposure  and  punishment  of  a  crime  totally  distinct  from 
any  political  matter.  The  result  of  Mr.  Seward's  action,  said  the 
Captain-General,  will  be  the  liberation  of  more  than  two  hundred 
human  beings,  who,  but  for  the  return  to  Cuba  of  Arguelles,  must 
have  remained  in  slavery.  To  Mr.  Seward  they  owe  the  recovery 
of  their  freedom.1 

The  melancholy  events  of  1865  can  hardly  be  more  fitly  recorded 
in  this  volume,  than  in  the  words  of  the  following  despatches : 

MR.  F.   W.   SKWAKD  TO  MR.  ADAMS. 

(Circular.     No.  1345.) 

Department  of  State,  Washington,  April  10,  18G5. 
Sir,  —  I  regret  to  state  that  a  serious  accident  has  occurred  to  the  Secretary  of 
State  and  that  his  injuries  are  so  severe  as  to  render  it  impossible,  for  the  pres- 
ent, that  he  should  give  any  attention  to  matters  of  official  business.2    It  is  hoped 

i  See  Dip.  Cor.  xxxvm  Con.  2d  Sess..  Part  2,  p.  60, 1864. 
*  Having  been  thrown  from  his  carriage. 


THE   ASSASSINATION.  21 

that  in  a  few  days  he  will  so  far  have  recovered  from  its  effects  as  to  be  able  to 
resume,  in  some  degree,  his  official  duties.     Your  recent  despatches  will  then  be 
submitted  to  him.     Until  that  time  their  consideration  is  necessarily  deferred. 
I  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant, 

F.  W.  Seward,  Acting  Secretary. 

MR.  HUNTER  TO  MR.   ADAMS. 
(Circular.     No.  1352) 

Department  of  State,  Washington,  April  17,  1865. 
Sir,  —  The  melancholy  duty  devolves  upon  me,  officially  to  apprise  you  of  the 
assassination  of  the  President  at  Ford's  theatre,  in  this  city,  in  the  evening  of  the 
14th  instant.     He  died  the  next  morning  from  the  effects  of  the  wound. 

About  the  same  time,  an  attempt  was  made  to  assassinate  the  Secretary  of 
State  in  his  own  house,  where  he  was  in  bed  suffering  from  the  effects  of  the  late 
accident.  The  attempt  failed,  but  Mr.  Seward  was  severely  cut,  on  the  face  es- 
pecially, it  is  supposed  with  a  bowie  knife. 

Mr.  F.  W.  Seward  was  felled  by  a  blow  or  blows  on  the  head  from  the  assassin, 
and  for  some  time  afterward  was  apparently  unconscious.  Both  the  Secretary 
and  Assistant  Secretary  are  better,  especially  the  former. 

Andrew  Johnson  has  formally  entered  upon  the  duties  of  President.     I  have 
been  authorized  temporarily  to  act  as  Secretary  of  State. 
I  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant, 

W.  Hunter,  Acting  Secretary. 

Mr.  Seward's  only  allusion  to  the  "casualties"  which  deprived 
the  department  of  the  services  of  both  the  Secretary  and  Assistant 
Secretary  of  State  for  several  weeks,  was  drawn  out  by  way  of  ex- 
cuse for  an  omission  to  fully  acknowledge  the  manifold  expressions 
which  were  transmitted  to  the  department  from  governments,  pub- 
lic authorities,  civic,  ecclesiastical  and  educational  corporations  and 
associations,  as  well  as  from  public  assemblies  of  citizens,  and  from 
individual  citizens,  of  their  feeling  of  sympathy  and  condolence 
with  the  government  and  the  people  of  the  United  States  in  the 
calamity  which  they  had  suffered  in  the  lamented  death  of  the  late 
President  Abraham  Lincoln.  "  Owing,"  says  Mr.  Seward,  "to  some 
peculiar  casualties,  the  efficiency  of  the  department  was  impaired  at 
the  time  these  despatches  were  received.1  They  obtained  only  a 
simple  and  formal  acknowledgment  from  the  presiding  secretary." 

"  Our  government,  simply  constructed,  with  adaptation  to  the 
transaction  of  necessary  affairs  in  the  ordinary  course  of  adminis- 
tration, found  itself  (in  the  condition  of  this  department,  which 
then   existed)   inadequate    to   the    immediate    acknowledgment    of 

1  See  Despatch  to  Mr.  Adams,  Nov.  4,  1866. 


22  MEMOIR. 

such  various  and  vast  obligations  suddenly  and  unexpectedly  in- 
curred."  ..."  Nevertheless  the  President  earnestly  desires  that  rec- 
ognition shall  even  now  be  made  of  the  sympathies  and  condolences 
which  were  then  poured  in  upon  us  with  a  profusion  that  did  honor 
to  human  nature." 

Under  the  direction  of  Mr.  Seward  all  these  testimonies  were 
printed  in  a  handsome  quarto  volume  of  930  pp.,  entitled  "  Tributes 
of  the  Nations  to  Abraham  Lincoln."  J 

One  of  the  first  mental  efforts  of  Mr.  Seward,  after  his  convales- 
cence from  the  terrible  wounds  of  the  assassin,  was  the  preparation 
of  the  following  proclamation  of  Thanksgiving  to  be  issued  by  the 
President.     In  this  view,  the  document  has  additional  interest. 

PROCLAMATION. 

Whereas,  it  has  pleased  Almighty  God,  during  the  year  which  is  now  coming 
to  an  end,  to  relieve  our  beloved  country  from  the  fearful  scourge  of  civil  war, 
&nd  to  permit  us  to  secure  the  blessings  of  peace,  unity  and  harmony,  with  a 
great  enlargement  of  civil  liberty  ;  and  whereas,  our  Heavenly  Father  has  also, 
during  the  year,  graciously  averted  from  us  the  calamities  of  foreign  war,  pesti- 
lence and  famine,  while  our  granaries  are  full  of  the  fruits  of  an  abundant  season ; 
and  whereas,  righteousness  exalteth  a  nation,  while  sin  is  a  reproach  to  any  peo- 
ple :  now,  therefore,  be  it  known,  that  I,  Andrew  Johnson,  President  of 
the  United  States,  do  hereby  recommend  to  the  people  thereof,  that  they  do  set 
apart  and  observe  the  first  Thursday  of  December  next  as  a  day  of  national 
thanksgiving  to  the  Creator  of  the  Universe  for  these  great  deliverances  and 
blessings.  And  I  do  further  recommend  that  on  that  occasion,  the  whole  people 
make  confession  of  our  national  sins  against  His  Infinite  goodness,  and  with  one 
heart  and  one  mind  implore  the  Divine  guidance  in  the  ways  of  national  virtue 
and  holiness. 

Dated,  Oct.  28,  1865. 

Mr.  Seward  and  General  Scott  obtained  information,  during  the 
winter  of  1860-61,  that  the  assassination  of  President  Lincoln  was 
contemplated  by  the  enemies  of  the  government,  even  at  that  early 
period.  Measures  of  protection  were  immediately  instituted  which 
to  many  seemed  unnecessary.  The  reality  of  the  danger  and  the 
wisdom  of  the  precautions  taken,  at  the  time  of  Mr.  Lincoln's  first 
inauguration,  found  a  sad  verification  in  his  death  at  the  threshold 
of  his  second  term. 

There  is  trustworthy  evidence  that  President  Buchanan,  acting 

1  The  only  similar  collection,  perhaps,  are  the  "  Addresses  to  President  Washington  •'  on  his  retirement 
from  public  life,  never  yet  compiled  and  published. 


IMPEACHMENT.  —  AMENDMENTS.  23 

under  the  secret  advice  and  counsel  of  Mr.  Seward,  contributed  nut 
a  little  to  the  safe  inauguration  of  Mr.  Lincoln  in  1861. 

John  H.  Surratt,  suspected  of  being  an  accomplice  in  the  murder 
of  Mr.  Lincoln,  fled  from  the  country,  and  finally  found  refuge  in 
Italy.  The  vigilance  of  the  Department  of  State,  through  its  agents 
abroad,  followed  him  until  he  was  captured x  and  returned  to  the 
United  States.  The  Papal  government  promptly  surrendered  the 
fugitive,  although  no  treaty  of  extradition  existed  between  that 
government  and  the  United  States.2  In  the  prosecution  of  Surratt 
in  the  courts  of  the  District  of  Columbia,  the  Department  employed 
able  lawyers  and  spared  no  efforts  to  secure  a  conviction.  But  the 
jury  in  each  of  the  two  trials  failed  to  agree  on  a  verdict. 

Mr.  Seward  actively  opposed  the  attempted  impeachment  of  the 
President.  He  took  high  grounds  against  the  proceeding,  regarding 
it  as  an  attempt  on  the  part  of  the  prosecutors  to  depose  the  con- 
stitutional President  of  the  United  States,  and  install  in  his  place 
one  of  their  own  number  —  a  virtual  usurpation  of  executive  power 
under  the  forms  of  law  by  the  legislature.  He  accordingly  heartily 
approved  the  course  of  Senators  Fessenden,  Trumbull,  and  Grimes 
who  were  influential  in  defeating  the  ill-advised  measure.  The 
argument  of  Mr.  Evarts  against  impeachment,  before  the  Senate, 
Mr.  Seward  pronounced  to  be  worthy  of  a  place  in  history  with  the 
best  forensic  efforts  in  the  trial  of  Warren  Hastings.  To  Chief 
Justice  Chase,  also,  he  ascribed  high  honor  for  the  wise  and  im- 
partial manner  with  which  he  presided  over  the  High  Court  of 
Impeachment. 

On  the  18th  of  December,  1865,  Mr.  Seward  issued  his  proclama- 
tion announcing  that  the  13th  Amendment  to  the  Constitution,  abol- 
ishing slavery  in  the  United  States,  had  received  the  ratification  of 
the  requisite  number  of  States,  by  their  legislatures,  and  was  now  a 
part  of  that  sacred  instrument,  the  fundamental  law  of  the  Union, 
a  measure  which  he  believed  necessary  to  secure  our  entire  and  com- 
plete national  independence.  Throughout  his  life,  an  advocate  of 
universal  suffrage  for  the  exile  and  the  emigrant,  and  even  for  the 
slave,  Mr.  Seward  had  the  satisfaction  also  of  proclaiming  the  14th 
Amendment  to  the  Constitution,  which  aimed  to  give  the  right  of 
suffrage,  along  with  equal  civil  rights,  to  all,  without  distinction  of 
color  or  previous  condition  of  servitude.     This  proclamation  bears 

l  November  25, 1866.  *  See  Argue  lies,  page  19. 


24  MEMOIR. 

date  July  28th,  1868.  The  amendment  excluded  from  office  all 
who  had  before  the  war  held  office  and  afterward  engaged  in  the 
Rebellion  ;  it  made  the  debt  of  the  United  States  valid  and  sacred, 
while  the  Confederate  debt  was  repudiated. 

His  proclamation  x  announcing  the  ratification  of  the  13th  Amend- 
ment may  be  well  regarded  as  the  crowning  act  of  his  public  life. 
He  bad  brought  all  his  influence  to  bear  upon  Congress  to  secure  its 
favorable  action,  and  it  was  especially  appropriate  that  this  great 
ordinance  should  be  proclaimed  by  \nm. 

The  14th  Amendment  also  bears  his  name  and  seal.2  While  this 
amendment  was  under  consideration  in  Congress  he  proposed  as  a 
substitute  the  following,  substantially,  "All  persona  born  in  the 
United  States  after  the  date  of  President  Lincoln's  Emancipation 
Proclamation  shall  be  entitled  to  vote  on  arriving  at  the  age  of 
twenty-one  years,  and  this  should  enter  into  reconstruction." 

During  the  year  1866,  the  nation  was  convulsed  with  conflicting 
ideas  of  reconstruction.  Mr.  Seward,  in  speeches  at  Auburn  and  in 
New  York,3  gave  full  expression  of  his  views. 

A  convention  of  citizens  who  favored  "  the  restoration  of  the 
Southern  States  and  their  representation  by  proper  men  in  Con- 
gress "  was  held  in  Philadelphia,  August  14,  1866.  Mr.  Seward's 
approval  of  the  call  for  this  convention  was  solicited.  In  a  favora- 
ble response  to  the  inquiry,  he  reiterated  the  sentiments  of  his  Au- 
burn and  New  York  speeches. 

In  a  letter  dated  July  11,  1866,  Mr.  Seward  expressed  these 
views  :  — 

"  After  more  than  five  years  of  dislocation  by  civil  war,  I  regard  a  restoration 
of  the  unity  of  the  country  as  its  most  immediate  ;is  well  as  its  most  vital  interest. 
That  restoration  will  be  complete  when  loyal  men  are  admitted  as  representatives 
of  the  loyal  people  of  the  eleven  States  so  long  unrepresented  in  Congress.  Noth- 
ing but  this  can  complete  it.  Nothing  more  remains  to  be  done,  and  nothing 
more  is  necessary.  Every  day's  delay  is  attended  l>y  multiplying  and  increasing 
inconveniences,  embarrassments,  and  dangers  at  home  and  abroad.  Congress 
possesses  the  power  exclusively.  Congress,  after  a  session  of  tuvvn  months,  still 
omits  to  exercise  that  power.  What  can  be  done  to  induce  Congress  to  act?  This 
is  the  question  of  the  day." 

Mr.  Seward,  entertaining  these  views,  welcomed  every  effort  made 

i  Bee  post,  pages  696,  698. 

2  In  a  letter  to  the  editor  of  this  volume,  dated  Auburn,  May  2,  1870,  Mr.  Seward  says:  "  When  the 
reconstruction  question  arose  about  the  14th  Amendment,  I  proposed  one,  that  all  persons  born  in  the 
United  State.-  after  the  date  of  Mr.  Lincoln's  proclamation  abolishing  slavery  should  be  entitled  to  vote 
on  arriving  at  the  age  of  twenty -one  years,  aud  this  should  enter  into  reconstruction." 

»  See  post,  pages  629,  668. 


ALASKA  — IMMIGRATION.  25 

to  stimulate  the  action  of  Congress.  In  this  light  he  approved  the 
call  of  the  Philadelphia  Convention.  Congress,  however,  occupied 
different  grounds,  and  an  apparent  alienation  arose  between  him  and 
his  former  political  associates. 

While  slavery  had  the  controlling  influence  in  our  government, 
projects  for  the  acquisition  of  northern  territory  received  little 
favor.  The  war  of  the  Rebellion  precluded  the  administration  of 
1861-65  from  giving  much  attention  to  the  subject,  although  Mr. 
Seward  during  that  time  did  not  lose  sight  of  the  peaceful  enterprise. 
In  March,  1867,  formal  negotiations  were  instituted  for  the  pur- 
chase of  Alaska,  and  before  the  month  closed,  a  treaty  for  that  object 
was  signed  by  Mr.  Seward  and  Mr.  de  Stoeckl,  the  Russian  Min- 
ister.1 The  Senate  ratified  the  treaty  with  but  little  opposition,  and 
having  been  ratified  by  Russia,  a  proclamation  thereof  was  made 
on  the  20th  of  June,  1867.  The  appropriation  for  the  sum  named 
as  the  purchase-money  was  made  by  Congress  on  the  27th  of  July, 
1868.  Formal  possession  by  the  United  States  took  place  in  Au- 
gust, 1868.2 

Our  Minister  to  Russia,  at  the  time  of  the  negotiation,  although 
he  was  intrusted  with  no  part  in  it,  regarded  the  treaty  as  "  a  brill- 
iant achievement  which  adds  so  vast  a  territory*  to  our  Union; 
whose  ports,  whose  mines,  whose  timber,  whose  furs,  whose  fisher- 
ies, are  of  untold  value,  and  whose  fields  will  produce  many  grains, 
even  wheat,  and  will  become  hereafter  the  seat  of  a  hardy  white 
population."  3 

Immigration  was  always  regarded  by  Mr.  Seward  as  a  chief 
source  of  the  nation's  wealth  and  prosperity,  and  as  one  of  the  prin- 
cipal replenishing  streams  appointed  by  Providence  to  repair  the 
ravages  of  war  and  the  wastes  of  national  strength  and  health. 
Congress,  in  July,  1864,  passed  an  act  giving  the  Department  of 
State  supervision  of  the  whole  subject.  Under  the  operations  of  the 
law  immigration  was  encouraged  and  the  welfare?  of  the  immigrant 
protected.  This  was  consistent  with  the  policy  Mr.  Seward  had  all 
his  life  advocated,  and  which,  like  his  policy  of  freedom,  had  en- 
countered objections,  political,  religious,  and  social.     He,  early  in 

1  See  post,  page  601. 

s  The  United  States  derives  a  revenue  of  nearly  half  a  million  from  Alaska  already.  Its  postal  reve- 
nue is  larger  than  that  from  any  other  territory,  and  exceeds  that  of  a  few  States. 

3  Se<-  Alaska  and  lis  Resources.  By  W.  II.  Dall.  Lee  and  Shepard,  Boston.  1870.  Also  speech  in 
the  Senate,  ou  Alaska,  1867,  by  Charles  Sumner. 


26  MEMOIR. 

the  war,  issued  a  circular  to  our  consuls  abroad,  calling  their  atten- 
tion to  the  Homestead  Act,  and  requesting  them  to  make  public 
that  in  no  country  in  the  civilized  world  are  such  opportunities 
offered  as  in  the  United  States,  to  active,  industrious,  and  intelli- 
gent men,  for  the  acquisition  of  abundant  means  of  support  and 
comfortable  homesteads  for  themselves  and  their  families.1 

In  1868,  Congress  failed  to  make  the  necessary  provision  for  the 
support  of  the  Bureau  of  Immigration,  which  Mr.  Seward  had  or- 
ganized in  1864,  and  it  was  discontinued.  Some  of  its  duties  have 
since  been  assumed  by  the  Bureau  of  Statistics  in  the  Treasury  De- 
partment. 

Consistently  with  his  efforts  to  encourage  immigration  he  stead- 
ily opposed  all  schemes  for  the  colonization  in  foreign  lands  of 
colored  men,  and  discouraged  the  emigration  of  the  emancipated 
race.     In  this  he  differed  from  President  Lincoln. 

Having  advocated  the  recognition  of  the  independence  of  Hayti 
and  Liberia,  he  had  the  satisfaction  of  receiving  Ministers  from 
those  countries  on  equal  terms  with  those  of  other  foreign  powers.2 

The  return  of  peace  seemed  only  to  increase  the  arduous  duties 
of  the  Department  of  State.  An  increasing  number  and  a  greater 
variety  of  questions  pressed  for  consideration. 

The  Paris  Exposition  of  1867  was,  to  our  countrymen  especially, 
a  great  success.  Under  the  management  of  the  Department  of 
State,  exhibitors  from  the  United  States  enjoyed  facilities  which 
lightened  their  labors  and  relieved  them  of  many  embarrassments. 
A  conference  for  the  establishment  of  uniform  coinage  was  held  in 
Paris,  the  same  year,  in  which  the  Department  was  actively  inter- 
ested. 

In  1866,  Mr.  Seward  was  able  to  congratulate  the  country  that, 
while  sentiments  of  reconciliation,  loyalty,  and  patriotism  had  in- 
creased at  home,  a  more  just  consideration  of  our  character  and 
rights,  as  a  nation,  had  been  manifested  by  foreign  governments. 

The  somewhat  mysterious  course  of  France  toward  Mexico  was 
a  subject  of  much  anxiety  to  Mr.  Seward.  The  introduction,  into 
a  neighboring  Republic,  of  a  monarchical  form  of  government,  under 
a  European  prince  supported  by  French  arms,  could  but  excite  the 
gravest  apprehensions.     Mr.  Seward   had  plainly  indicated  to  the 

»  See  Vol.  I.,  p.  289. 

*  Hayti,  March  3, 1863  j  Liberia,  May  18,  1864. 


THE   MONROE    DOCTRINE    APPLIED.  27 

French  government  (September  26,  1863)  that  such  a  proceeding 
must  lead  to  war  between  France  and  the  United  States.  The 
French  Minister  intimated  that  if  war  must  be  the  result  his  gov- 
ernment would  naturally  select  their  own  time  to  commence  hostil- 
ities, which  would  be  the  present,  while  the  United  States  was 
burdened  with  domestic  difficulties.  No  such  intimidation  moved 
Mr.  Seward.  Striving  ever  to  maintain  a  strict  neutrality  with 
France  and  Mexico  while  the  war  between  the  two  nations  had  a 
legitimate  character,  he  maintained  that  the  United  States  could  not 
renounce  the  doctrine  that  the  continuance  of  free  republican  in- 
stitutions throughout  America  was  required  for  the  safety  of  our 
own  institutions,  and  for  the  attainment  of  that  destiny  to  which  we 
as  a  nation  aspire.  This  was  the  sentiment  of  the  people.1  Con- 
gress attempted  to  give  it  expression  in  a  resolution  which  passed 
the  House  of  Representatives,  but  received  no  action  in  the  Senate. 
This  action  served  to  increase  the  sensibilities  of  the  French  gov- 
ernment on  the  subject,  and  to  renew  the  correspondence  between 
its  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  and  Mr.  Seward,  who  took  occasion 
to  say  that  the  question  in  its  decision  rested  with  the  executive 
branch  of  our  government,  and  not  with  Congress,  and  that  the 
President  did  not  at  the  present  contemplate  any  change  in  the 
policy  so  far  pursued. 

Mr.  Seward's  positions  were  controverted  by  the  House,  and  res- 
olutions adverse  thereto  were  adopted.  The  Senate  took  no  action 
and  expressed  no  opinion  in  the  matter.  The  original  declaration 
of  the  House  was  regarded  by  France  as  a  menace  of  hostilities. 
Mr.  Seward's  explanation  served  to  relieve  the  question  of  its  war- 
like character,  and  to  renew  the  peaceful  relations  of  the  two  coun- 
tries. 

After  the  war  had  been  declared  to  be  at  an  end  (on  the  2d  of 
April,  1866),  the  occupation  of  Mexico  by  the  French  was  no 
longer  to  be  tolerated.  Mr.  Seward  had  already  repeatedly  notified 
the  imperial  government  of  France  that  the  presence  of  a  foreign 
army  in  an  adjacent  and  sister  Republic  was  inconsistent  with  the 
policy  of  the  United  States  and  with  the  doctrine  proclaimed  by 
President  Monroe.     On  the  9th  of  April,   1866,  assurances  were 

1  The  "  Monroe  Doctrine/'  which  had  hitherto  been  a  cherished  theory,  became,  under  Mr.  Seward, 
an  irreversible  fact. 

See  Mr.  Seward's  speeches  in  Senate  on  Clayton  and  Bulwer  treaty,  Vol.  I.,  page  376.  Globe  App. 
1855, 1850. 


28  MEMOIR. 

given  by  the  French  government  that  its  troops  should,  within  a 
reasonable  time,  be  withdrawn  from  Mexico.  •  Many  delays  oc- 
curred in  the  fulfilment  of  this  promise,  and  it  was  not  until  March 
19, 1867,  that  it  was  fully  accomplished.  Maximilian  was  captured 
and  shot  on  the  19th  of  June,  1867,  by  the  Mexicans,  notwithstand- 
ing the  earnest  efforts  of  Mr.  Seward  to  save  his  life.1 

The  Republic  of  Mexico,  having  been  delivered  from  foreign 
intervention,  soon  reestablished  her  constitutional  system  of  gov- 
ernment. 

In  1868,  General  Ulysses  S.  Grant  was  nominated  by  the  Re- 
publican party  as  its  candidate  for  President.  Horatio  Seymour 
was  his  opponent.  Neither  the  candidate  of  the  Democrats  nor  the 
platform  on  which  he  stood  were  such  as  to  claim  the  support  of 
the  true  friends  of  the  Union  and  its  restoration. 

Mr.  Seward,  in  a  speech  2  of  great  solemnity,  on  "  the  situation 
and  the  duty,"  at  Auburn,  a  few  days  before  the  election  (October 
31,  1868),  made  the  path  of  duty  very  clear  for  those  who  had  been 
accustomed  for  many  years  to  follow  his  counsels  in  political  af- 
fairs.3 This  was  the  twelfth  presidential  canvass  in  which  he  had 
participated,  and  he  felt  that  it  might  be  his  last.  His  words,  on 
this  occasion,  reached  beyond  the  approaching  election,  and  became 
the  farewell  address  of  his  political  life. 

In  January,  1866,  Mr.  Seward  made  a  voyage  to  the  West  In- 
dies, visiting  St.  Thomas,  Santa  Cruz,  San  Domingo,  Hayti,  and 
Cuba,  in  all  of  which  places  he  was  received  with  demonstrations 
of  hospitality  and  respect  on  the  part  both  of  the  people  and  the 
authorities.  In  addressing  the  President  of  the  Republic  of  San 
Domingo,  he  said  that  "  the  United  States  regarded  the  neighbor- 
ing Republics  founded,  like  that  of  the  United  States,  upon  the 
principle  of  the  equal  rights  of  man,  as  buttresses,  which  it  was  in 
the  interest  of  the  American  people  and  government  to  multiply 
and  strengthen  as  fast  as  it  could  be  done  without  the  exercise  of 
fraud  or  force." 

Mr.  Seward's  policy  of  extending  the  jurisdiction  of  the  United 
States  over  the  North  American  continent  received  a  signal  illus- 
tration in  the  acquisition  of  Alaska.     Believing  that  a  further  step 

1  See  despatches  to  Mr.  Campbell,  U.  S.  Minister  to  Mexico. 

*  See  page  640. 

3  General  Qrant  was  elected  President,  receiving  214  electoral  rotes.    Mr.  Seymour  received  80. 


THE   DANISH   ISLANDS. — TREATY    WITH   CHINA.  29 

in  that  direction  could  be  wisely  taken,  he  entered  into  negotiations 
in  January,  1866,  with  the  Danish  Minister,  General  Raasloff,  for 
the  purchase  of  the  islands  of  St.  Thomas  and  St.  John  in  the  West 
Indies.  Neither  the  Minister  nor  his  government  at  first  listened 
to  Mr.  Seward's  proposals  with  favor,  but  rejected  them.  He  re- 
newed them  as  opportunity  offered,  and  in  October,  1867,  Denmark 
consented  to  part  with  her  islands  for  the  sum  of  seven  million 
five  hundred  thousand  dollars.  In  January,  1868,  the  cession  was 
approved  by  the  people  of  the  islands,  almost  unanimously.1 

Both  houses  of  the  Danish  Rigsdag  ratified  the  cession,  and  the 
treaty  was  signed  at  Copenhagen  on  the  30th  of  June,  1868.  The 
Senate  of  the  United  States,  however,  withheld  its  approval,  and 
the  whole  negotiation  failed. 

Mr.  Seward  likewise  favored  the  annexation  of  San  Domingo  and 
Hayti  to  the  United  States.  He  was  convinced  that  the  time  had 
arrived  when  such  a  proceeding  would  receive  the  consent  of  the 
people  interested,  and  also  give  satisfaction  to  all  foreign  nations. 

In  his  desire  to  obtain  a  foothold  for  his  government  in  the  West 
Indies,  as  well  for  defence  in  time  of  war  as  for  the  interests  of  com- 
merce in  time  of  peace,  he  early  in  1868  laid  before  the  Committee 
on  Foreign  Relations,  in  the  Senate,  an  offer  he  had  received,  from 
San  Domingo,  of  the  sale  of  the  Bay  of  Samana,  one  of  the  finest 
harbors  in  the  world.  He  strongly  advocated  the  purchase,  and 
took  some  important  steps  toward  securing  it. 

The  interests  of  the  South  American  States  and  of  the  Republic 
of  Mexico  received  much  attention  from  Mr.  Seward,  during  the 
last  year  of  his  administration. 

In  the  summer  of  1868,  Mr.  Anson  Burlingame,  who  had  left  the 
service  of  the  United  States,  appeared  in  Washington  with  a  Chi- 
nese Legation.  They  were  introduced  to  the  President,  who  wel- 
comed them  to  the  capital  in  a  speech  prepared  by  the  Secretary 
of  State.  After  a  few  days'  stay  in  Washington,  the  embassy,  with 
Mr.  Seward,  proceeded  to  his  home  in  Auburn,  where  a  treaty  with 
China  was  concluded.  Mr.  Burlingame  being  the  recognized  chiet 
of  the  Chinese  Legation,  the  negotiations  were  carried  on  by  him 
and  Mr.  Seward.  The  treaty  was  signed  by  Mr.  Seward,  Mr.  Bur- 
lingame, and  his  Chinese  associates,  and,  in  time,  duly  ratified.  By 
it  the  United  States  gained  great  commercial  advantages,  while, 

1  The  vote  was  1,244  for  annexation  to  the  United  States,  and  23  against. 


30  MEMOIR. 

prospectively,  four  hundred  millions  of  people  were  emancipated 
from  the  bondage  of  a  subtle  combination  of  false  philosophy  and 
traditional  conceit.1  The  negotiation  of  this  great  treaty  was,  in 
some  degree,  made  more  easy  and  successful  through  the  influence 
of  our  treaty  with  Russia,  whereby  Alaska  had  been  acquired,  and 
some  troublesome  international  questions  had  been  settled. 

Mr.  Seward  retired  from  the  Department  of  State  on  the  4th  of 
March,  1869. 

In  August  of  that  year  he  visited  Utah,  California,  and  Alaska, 
delivering  a  speech  at  Sitka2  which  attracted,  everywhere,  much  at- 
tention. 

He  also  made  interesting  speeches  3  at  Victoria  in  British  Colum- 
bia, and  at  Salem  in  Oregon,  on  the  route. 

He  spoke  of  his  journey  as  a  visit  to  "  Our  North  Pacific  States  " 
—  a  term  full  of  prophecy. 

While  in  California,  in  1869,  he  did  not  hesitate  to  protest  against 
the  almost  unanimous  feeling  pervading  that  community  against 
Chinese  immigration.  He  condemned  the  policy  of  exclusion,  and 
persistently  maintained  that  immigration  was  an  element  of  civili- 
zation, especially  to  the  Pacific  coast,  and  that  the  attempt  to  sup- 
press its  "  invigorating  forces  "  would  ultimately  prove  a  failure.4 

In  the  autumn  of  1869,  it  became  known  that  Mr.  Seward  was 
about  to  visit  Mexico.  The  government  of  Mexico,  represented  by 
President  Juarez,  was  anxious  to  honor  the  man  who  had  done  so 
much,  while  he  was  Secretary  of  State  of  the  United  States,  to  up- 
hold the  Republic  of  Mexico  when  its  life  was  menaced  by  foreign 
intervention,  and  through  whose  instrumentality  victory  at  last 
crowned  her  efforts  for  independence.  He  was  therefore  received 
and  entertained  as  the  guest  of  the  nation  during  the  entire  period 
of  his  stay  in  the  Republic  —  nearly  three  months. 

Commissioners  were  appointed  and  an  escort  provided  to  accom- 
pany Mr.  Seward  across  the  continent.  Senors  Rendon  and  Cafiedo 
had  charge  of  the  party  from  Manzanilla  to  Guadalajara,  where 
they  were  met  by  Mr.  Bossero,  who  was  the  special  commissioner 
during  the  remainder  of  the  journey  and  the  stay  at  the  capital. 

Not  only  the  general  government  of  the  Republic,  but  the  gov- 

1  Secretary  Seward's  views  of  Chinese  immigration  are  found  in  Article  V  of  the  treaty. 

*  See  page  559.  3  See  page  569. 

«  See  Chinese  Immigration,  by  George  F.  Seward,  late  Minister  to  China.    Scribners,  Publishers.    1881 


mr.  seward's  visit  to  Mexico.  31 

ernments  of  the  several  States  through  which  he  passed,  greeted 
him  with  hospitalities  and  courtesies,  while  there  were  many  spon- 
taneous and  touching  marks  of  popular  enthusiasm  and  gratitude. 
Passing  through  the  States  of  Colima,  Jalisco,  Guadalajara,  Gua- 
najuato, and  Queretaro,  he  made  a  short  stay  at  the  capital  of  each. 

After  leaving  the  city  of  Mexico,  like  cordial  demonstrations  of 
welcome  and  hospitality  greeted  him  in  each  of  the  States  through 
which  he  passed  on  his  way  to  the  Gulf  —  Puebla,  Tlascala,  and 
Vera  Cruz. 

The  following  sketch  of  this  remarkable  tour  appeared  in  the 
"  New  York  Times  "  at  the  time  :  — 

"  Mr.  Seward  and  party  left  San  Francisco  by  steamer  and  landed  at  Man- 
zanillo  in  November,  1869.  Thence  the  party,  including  Mr.  F.  W.  Seward  and 
wife,  went  to  Colima,  Guadalajara,  Leon,  Guanajuato,  and  Queretaro,  which  will 
ever  be  memorable  as  the  spot  where  Maximilian  met  his  death.  Mr.  Seward  spent 
some  time  at  this  historical  place,  and  then  proceeded  by  slow  stages  onward  to 
the  city  of  Mexico.  At  a  distance  of  about  two  miles  from  the  city,  he  was  met 
by  the  Minister  of  Foreign  Relations,  President  Juarez,  Minister  Romero,  Hon. 
Thomas  H.  Nelson,  United  States  Minister  to  Mexico,  and  an  escort  of  about  four 
hundred  soldiers.  The  reception  was  enthusiastic,  and  the  greetings  extended  to 
the  distinguished  American  were  extremely  gratifying  to  him.  He  was  conducted 
in  all  the  pomp  of  military  display  to  the  capital,  and  there  formally  installed  in 
one  of  the  handsomest  houses  in  the  city,  which  had  been  especially  prepared  for 
his  accommodation.  He  was  here  bidden  to  make  himself  perfectly  at  home  during 
his  stay  at  the  capital,  and  the  freedom  of  the  city  was  heartily  extended  to  him. 

"  Mr.  Seward  visited  Chapultepec,  and  surveyed  the  battle-field  whereon  the 
Mexicans  and  the  Americans  contended  in  1845;  also  the  palace  of  Maximilian, 
which  was  occupied  by  him  during  his  brief  reign  in  Mexico.  Mr.  Seward  was 
everywhere  followed  by  admiring  throngs,  who  expressed  their  gratification  at  his 
visit  in  the  most  enthusiastic  manner. 

"  From  the  15th  of  November  to  the  20th  of  December,  Mr.  Seward  was  en- 
tertained with  all  manner  of  ovations  and  fetes  throughout  Mexico.  His  recep- 
tion was  admitted  to  have  been  the  grandest  ever  given  to  any  foreigner.  He 
was  regarded  everywhere  with  the  utmost  respect  and  veneration. 

"  His  health  was  excellent,  and  he  bore  the  fatigues  of  the  journey  remarkably 
well. 

"  At  a  grand  dinner  given  at  the  palace,  speeches  were  made  by  Mr.  Seward 
and  other  distinguished  gentlemen,  and  toasts  were  drank  to  the  honor  and  pros- 
perity of  the  two  Republics. 

"  On  the  18th  of  December,  1869,  Mr.  Seward  left  the  city  of  Mexico  by  spe- 
cial train.  He  was  escorted  out  of  the  city  and  bidden  farewell  by  President 
Juarez,  his  Cabinet,  and  the  principal  dignitaries  of  the  capital." 

Mr.  Seward  in  his  journey  through  Mexico  had  frequent  calls  to 


32  MEMOIR. 

address  the  people  and  authorities  of  that  interesting  and  recently 
distracted  Republic.  A  few  of  these  occasional  speeches  1  find  a 
place  in  this  volume,  illustrating  his  views  of  the  country  and  its 
government,  and  their  claims  to  the  good  will  and  confidence  of 
our  own  Republic.2 

In  1870,  Mr.  Seward  conceived  and  carried  out  the  idea  of  mak- 
ing a  voyage  around  the  world,  notwithstanding  his  infirmities,  the 
effects  of  his  injuries  in  1865,  and  his  advanced  age,  —  threescore 
years  and  ten.3  Several  of  his  speeches  on  the  route  were  full  of 
vigor  and  interest. 

On  this  extended  and  interesting  journey,  he  received  many  cour- 
tesies at  the  hands  not  only  of  the  officers  of  his  own  government, 
but  from  those  of  the  various  nations  through  which  he  passed. 
Sovereigns  and  ministers  welcomed  him  and  conversed  with  him  as 
one  with  whom  they  had  held  long  and  friendly  official  intercourse. 
Many  enthusiastic  demonstrations  of  popular  feeling  and  affecting 
marks  of  individual  regard  greeted  him  in  almost  every  clime. 

Arriving  at  home  in  October,  1871,  he  remained  at  Auburn  dur- 
ing the  ensuing  months,  surrounded  by  his  neighbors  and  friends 
and  frequent  visitors  from  abroad.  He  commenced  the  preparation 
of  his  autobiography,  and  proceeded  on  it  as  far  as  the  year  1834. 
Learning  of  the  popular  desire  and  impatience  for  an  account  of  his 
travels  around  the  world,  he  concluded  to  take  up  that  literary  task 
first,  postponing  the  completion  of  his  autobiography  to  a  later  pe- 
riod.4 The  volume  of  travels  thus  prepared,  edited  by  his  adopted 
daughter,  Olive  Risley  Seward,  was  published  by  D.  Appleton  & 
Company  in  1873,  and  was  widely  read. 

Mr.  Seward,  while  Secretary  of  State,  on  rare  occasions  went  be- 
fore the  people  to  reiterate  in  public  speeches  those  great  principles 
which  it  had  been  his  life  work  to  proclaim  and  defend. 

It  was,  however,  his  uniform  habit  to  address  his  fellow-citizens  of 
Auburn  on  the  night  before  election.  His  words  on  these  occasions, 
more  or  less  studied  or  ex  tempore,  were  always  gathered  up  and  cir- 

i  See  p.  679-587. 

*  A  volume  entitled  Our  Sister  Republic,  a  Gala  Trip  through  Tropical  Mexico  in  1869-70,  etc.,  by 
Col.  Albert  S.  Evans,  published  by  the  Columbian  Book  Co.,  Hartford,  Conn.,  gives  an  exteudei  account 
of  Mr.  Seward's  pleasant  experience  in  that  country. 

a  He  celpbrated  his  seventieth  birthday  (May  16,  1871),  on  his  journey,  in  Egypt. 

*  The  autobiography  thus  left  unfinished  in  1871  was  subsequently  printed.  It  forms  the  commence- 
ment of  the  volume  entitled  Autobiography,  Life  and  Letters  of  William  H.  Seward,  published  by  hi* 
son,  Frederick  vV.  Seward. 


INTER-OCEANIC   CANAL.  33 

ciliated  throughout  the  Union  in  newspaper  and  pamphlet.  The 
speeches  of  1864  and  1868  —  years  of  presidential  elections  1 —  are 
preserved  in  this  volume.  His  speeches  in  1856  and  1860  may  be 
found  in  previous  volumes.  In  1872,  he  was  too  infirm  to  speak  in 
a  public  assemblage,  but  in  several  letters,  made  public,  he  left  no 
ground  for  any  charge  of  a  waning  interest  in  the  triumph  of  Re- 
publican principles. 

Horace  Greeley,  whose  name  had  been  for  so  many  years  associ- 
ated with  Mr.  Seward's,  was  the  candidate  adopted  by  the  Demo- 
cratic party  to  defeat  the  reelection  of  President  Grant. 

The  election  resulted  in  the  choice  of  President  Grant  for  the 
second  time.  He  received  278  electoral  votes.  Mr.  Greeley  died 
before  the  electoral  votes  were  cast.  There  were  eighty  votes  di- 
vided among  the  opponents  of  President  Grant. 

Mr.  Seward's  labors  were  heavily  increased  during  the  war  in 
thwarting  the  efforts  of  influential  but  disloyal  citizens,  at  home 
and  abroad,  to  involve  the  country  in  foreign  war.2  By  wise  and 
vigorous  measures  he  was  able  to  counteract  their  best  laid  plans. 
In  some  cases  he  was  compelled  to  resort  to  imprisonment  of  prom- 
inent offenders,  who,  at  the  close  of  the  war,  instituted  against  him 
suits  at  law. 

In  the  project  of  a  canal  between  and  connecting  the  Atlantic  and 
Pacific  Oceans  at  the  Isthmus,  Mr.  Seward  had  for  many  years 
been  deeply  interested.  In  1850  he  had  sustained  the  Clayton  and 
Bulwer  Treaty  3  which  attempted  to  define  the  relations  of  the  two 
powers  to  the  enterprise. 

In  1856,  Mr.  Seward,  in  the  Senate,  said,  "  We  are  the  centre  of 
one  system,  an  American  one;  Great  Britain  is  the  centre  of  an- 
other, an  European  one.  Almost  in  spite  of  ourselves  we  are  stead- 
ily extending  and  increasing  our  control  over  these  continents.  Not- 
withstanding her  tenacity,  she  is  constantly  losing  her  dominion 
here.  This  is  within  the  order  of  nature.  It  was  for  three  hundred 
years  the  business  of  European  nations  to  colonize,  discipline,  and 
educate  American  nations.  It  is  now  the  business  of  these  nations 
to  govern  themselves.     The  decline  of  European  power  here  prac- 

•  See  post,  pp.  505,  640. 

2  "  Some  citizens,  whose  disaffection  to  our  form  of  government  has  lost  them  the  public  confidence, 
preferring  everything  to  insignificance,  have  in  their  despair  talked  of  a  dissolution  of  the  Union.     These, 
however,  are  so  few  that  our  madhouses  will  hold  them,  should  acts  follow  their  words  of  insanity."  — 
Jefftrson. 

s  See  Vol.  I.,  p.  376,  Vol.  III.,  pp.  605,  623. 
I 


34  MEMOIR. 

tically  began  with  the  fall  of  Canada  out  of  the  control  of  France, 
in  1763.  It  has  steadily  continued,  until  now  only  some  relics,  pos- 
sessing little  vitality,  remain.  Without  any  war  on  our  part,  Great 
Britain  will  wisely  withdraw  and  disappear  from  this  continent 
within  a  quarter  of  a  centuiy,  or  at  least  within  a  half  a  century."  l 

In  1862,  he  made  the  canal  a  subject  of  correspoiKjence  with  our 
Ministers  to  England  and  France. 

In  1863  he  had  overcome  all  the  difficulties  heretofore  presented 
by  the  government  of  Nicaragua  in  the  matter. 

In  1868  he  projected  a  treaty  with  the  United  States  of  Colom- 
bia, and  was  so  desirous  of  securing  some  satisfactory  arrangement 
with  that  government  that  he  sent  Mr.  Caleb  dishing,  as  a  special 
agent,  to  join  our  Minister  at  Bogota  in  the  negotiations. 

A  treaty,  embodying  the  Monroe  Doctrine,  was  agreed  upon  and 
signed  by  the  Ministers.  It  met  Mr.  Seward's  approval,  and  on  the 
15th  of  February,  1869,  he  transmitted  the  same  to  the  Senate  of 
the  United  States.  In  its  6th  Article,  it  secured  to  the  United 
States  absolute  control  of  the  proposed  inter-oceanic  canal  at  th^e 
Darien  crossing. 

The  treaty  was  rejected  by  the  Senate  of  Colombia  through 
French  and  English  influences,  and  for  unknown  reasons  failed  to 
receive  the  approval  of  the  Senate  of  the  United  States.2 

A  company  was  organized  in  New  York  to  construct  the  canal. 

The  corporators  met  at  the  house  of  Peter  Cooper,  who  with 
Messrs.  Roberts,  Garrison,  Schell,  and  others  had,  through  the  influ- 
ence of  Mr.  Seward,  become  interested  in  the  project.  Mr.  Seward 
and  Mr.  Win,  M.  Evarts  were  also  present  at  the  meeting. 

The  remarks  of  the  former,  to  be  found  among  the  "  Occasional 
Speeches"  of  Mr.  Seward,  in  this  volume,3  beside  their  intrinsic 
interest,  have  an  historical  value. 

The  project  of  an  "  Inter-continental  Telegraph  "  engaged  the  at- 
tention of  Mr.  Seward  in  the  year  1862.  On  the  14th  of  May,  1864, 
he  submitted  his  views  thereon  to  Congress. 

The  submarine  cable  between  Cape  Clear  and  Cape  Race  on  the 
Atlantic  was  not  yet  in  successful  operation.     Mr.   Seward  urged 

»  Globe,  Appendix,  Vol.  XXXIV.,  p.  79. 

*  See  Appleton's  Cyclopaedia  for  1869,  pp.  108,  704;  also  Inter- Oceanic  Canal,  1880,  Putnaina,  Publish- 
ers ;  also  Any.  Evarts''  Report,  March  8,  1880,  Ex.  Doc.  No.  112,  Senate  46th  Cong.,  2d  Sess. 
8  See  p.  689. 


RUSSIAN   TELEGRAPH.  —  DEATH.  35 

upon  Congress  the  construction  of  a  line  of  telegraph  from  some 
point  in  one  of  onr  Northwestern  States  or  Territories  across  the 
border  of  the  United  States  and  through  British  Columbia  and  Rus- 
sian America  ;  thence  across  Behring  Strait ;  and  thence  by  an  in- 
land route  to  the  mouth  of  the  Amoor  River,  and  thence  to  Irkoutsk 
in  Siberia.  This,  with  the  completion  of  the  Atlantic  cable,  would 
perfect  a  circuit  around  the  earth. 

Congress  granted,  July  1,  1864,  in  accordance  with  the  recom- 
mendation of  Mr.  Seward,  to  Mr.  Perry  McDonough  Collins,  the 
right  of  way  through  the  public  lands  of  the  United  States,  with 
other  important  facilities  for  the  extension  of  the  line. 

Mr.  Seward's  letter  to  Hon.  Z.  Chandler,  Chairman  of  the  Com- 
mittee on  Foreign  Relations,  produced  a  marked  effect. 

The  completion  of  the  Atlantic  cable,  however,  caused  the  sus- 
pension of  the  Inter-continental.1 

Mr.  Seward  died  on  the  10th  of  October,  1872.  His  remains 
were  followed  to  their  last  resting  place  by  thousands  of  sincere 
mourners.  They  were  deposited  in  the  Fort  Hill  Cemetery  at  Au- 
burn. The  tomb  is  of  white  marble  supporting  a  cross  horizontally, 
upon  which  rests  a  wreath  of  oak  and  laurel  leaves.  At  the  head  is 
a  cinerary  urn  of  classic  design,  around  which  twines  a  vine  of  ivy. 
On  the  face  of  the  tomb  is  the  simple  inscription 

WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD, 
Bokn  May  16,  1801.    Died  October  10,  1872. 

On  the  base  of  the  urn  is  the  only  inscription2  which  he  desired 

for  his  grave,  — 

He  was  Faithful. 

The  Legislature  of  New  York,  in  January,  1873,  made  becoming 
arrangements  to  commemorate  the  death  of  Mr.  Seward.  The  day 
fixed  for  the  memorial  proceedings  was  the  18th  of  April,  1873. 
On  that  day  the  Legislature,  the  Governor,  John  A.  Dix,  the  Lieu- 
tenant-Governor, the  Speaker,  and  other  distinguished  persons,  as- 
sembled in  the  North  Reformed  Church  of  Albany,  where  an  address 
was  delivered  by  Hon.  Charles  Francis  Adams,  of  Massachusetts, 
the  late  Minister  to  England.  Appropriate  religious  services,  with 
music,  formed  a  part  of  the  proceedings. 

i  See  Despatches  to  Clay,  Russia,  March,  1867-  ■  Sue  vol.  i.  pp.   Ixxx.,  409. 


36  MEMOIR. 

Governor  Dix,  on  introducing  Mr.  Adams,  made  the  following 
remarks :  — 

"A  quarter  of  a  century  ago,  this  very  month,  and  within  these  walls,  William 
H.  Seward  delivered  a  memorial  discourse  on  the  character  and  public  services  of 
John  Quincy  Adams.1  And  to-day  the  son  of  Mr.  Adams  is  here  to  pronounce  a 
similar  discourse  on  Mr.  Seward.  Thus,  with  these  two  kindred  ceremonies  are 
associated  the  names  of  three  eminent  statesmen,  who  have  shared  largely  in  the 
confidence  and  respect  of  their  countrymen,  and  who,  by  their  distinguished 
talents  and  the  purity  of  their  lives,  have  contributed  as  largely  to  their  country's 
welfare  and  reputation." 

Governor  Dix,  presiding  on  this  occasion  of  honor  to  Mr.  Seward, 
was  a  quarter  of  a  century  before  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States, 
and  in  1849  retired  from  that  body  to  give  place  to  Mr.  Seward 
then  his  political  opponent. 

Soon  after  Mr.  Seward's  death,  prominent  citizens  of  New  York 
originated  the  project  of  a  monument  to  his  memory,  which  took 
the  form  of  a  statue.  A  committee  conferred  with  Mr.  Randolph 
Rogers,  the  sculptor,  then  on  a  visit  in  this  country,  as  to  the  charac- 
ter of  the  proposed  memorial.  Subsequently,  steps  were  taken  to 
initiate  the  enterprise.  A  commission  was  given  to  Mr.  Rogers  in 
1874,  and  he  at  once  set  to  work  upon  his  model.  The  result  of  his 
labors  is  the  fine  bronze  statue  which  was  presented  to  the  city  on 
the  28th  of  September,  1876.  The  sculptor,  it  is  thought,  has  per- 
formed his  work  admirably.  In  pose,  the  work  is  dignified,  and 
although  the  upper  portion  of  the  figure  is  singularly  erect,  there  is 
no  suggestion  of  stiffness.  Mr.  Seward  is  represented  in  a  sitting 
position.  He  has  just  been  writing,  and  the  hand  holding  the  pen 
baa  fallen  to  his  side,  while  he  looks  forward  with  an  expression 
suggestive  of  deep  thought.  These  are  the  main  features  of  the 
work,  but  the  details  are  in  no  way  neglected.  The  base  of  the 
pedestal  is  of  New  England  granite,  and  the  upper  portion  of  varie- 
gated Spezzia  marble.  The  inscription  is  simple.  In  the  upper 
tablet,  fronting  (he  plaza  formed  by  the  junction  of  Broadway,  Fifth 
Avenue,  and  Twenty-third  Street,  is  the  name  "William  H.  Sew- 
ard;" and  on  the  larger  tablet  beneath  is  inscribed  "Governor. 
United  States  Senator,  Secretary  of  State  of  the  United  States." 

The  presentation  and  unveiling  was  witnessed  by  thousands  of 
people.     Mr.  William  R.  Martin,  the  president  of  the  Department 

1  See  Vol.  III.,  p.  75. 


HIS    STATUE.  —  CONCLUSION.  37 

of  Public  Parks,  made  the  introductory  speech.  Hon.  John  Bigelow 
made  the  formal  presentation  of  the  statue,  on  the  part  of  the  citi- 
zens, and  it  was  received  by  the  Mayor,  Hon.  W.  H.  Wickham,  on 
behalf  of  the  city  of  New  York.  The  orator  of  the  day  was  the 
Hon.  William  M.  Evarts.  The  arrangements  which  had  been  made 
for  the  ceremonies  were  carried  out  under  the  control  of  the  De- 
partment of  Parks.  The  southwestern  angle  of  Madjson  Square, 
where  the  statue  is  erected,  was  suitably  enclosed ;  a  spacious 
stand,  draped  with  American  flags,  was  there  for  the  accommoda- 
tion of  the  speakers  and  principal  guests;  the  statue  was  veiled 
with  the  nation's  ensign.  "The  sculptor  has  executed  a  life-like 
portrait  statue  of  the  late  eminent  American  statesman,  Mr,  Seward. 
The  statue  is  in  every  way  naturalistic ;  there  has  been  no  attempt 
to  make  it  anything  but  a  portrait  of  the  man,  and  this  it  may  fairly 
lay  claim  to.  He  is  seated  in  an  attitude  of  meditation,  and  in 
a  costume  such  as,  in  all  probability,  he  was  daily  accustomed  to 
wear.    * 

"Called  to  the  Department  of  State,"  says  a  friendly  writer,  "at  a  period 
when  our  foreign  relations  were  fraught  with  peril  and  environed  with  difficulty. 
Mr.  Seward  so  administered  them  that,  while  calmly  maintaining  the  internal 
sovereignly  and  tin;  external  rights  of  the  government  which  he  represented,  the 
jealous  ministers  of  rival  nations  publicly  acknowledged  his  fairness  and  his  ean- 
dor,  and  were  able  only  to  cavil  at  those  assertions  of  the  unabated  power  and 
dignity  of  the  Republic  which,  made  with  unflinching  confidence  in  an  hour  of 
Unprecedented  trial,  touched  the  hearts  of  his  countrymen  as  the  expression  of 
a  faith  which  was  then  in  very  deed  the  substance  of  things  hoped  for  and  the 
evidence  of  things  unseen,  but  which  events  have  since  shown  to  have  been  well 
founded.  Just  men  may  have  misunderstood  Mr.  Seward,  but  his  only  enemies 
have  been  the  enemies  of  right  and  of  the  country.  At  the  hands  of  some  of 
these  he  suffered  in  common  with  our  good  President,  whose  death  the  whole 
world  mourned. 

"  That  his  life  was  sought  with  the  President's  was  an  additional  testimony  to  his 
faithfulness  and  ability.  Men  seek  to  kill  only  whom  they  fear  and  hate.  That 
Mr.  Seward  escaped  the  murderous  attempts  made  by  the  assassins,  who  struck  at 
his  country  through  him,  was  an  occasion  of  rejoicing  throughout  the  land. 

"  Through  all  his  public  life,  Mr.  Seward  was  the  unrelenting  foe  of  wrong  and 
oppression,  and  one  of  the  earliest  and  most  earnest  advocates  of  the  cause  of  free- 
dom; a  statesman  who  recognized  his  responsibility  to  a  higher  law  than  that  of 
state  necessity,  and  who  yet  endeavored  to  secure  the  blessings  of  liberty  to  all 
by  peaceful  methods,  and  to  obtain  for  all  the  protection  of  the  law  without  the 
violation  of  the  law." 

1  The  London  Art  Journal  of  September,  1877. 


DIARY, 


NOTES  ON  THE  WAR. 


DIARY,  OR  NOTES  ON  THE  WAR. 


April  10,  1861.  —  The  presidential  election  took  place  on  the 
6th  of  November  last.  The  canvass  had  been  conducted  in  all  the 
Southern  or  slave  States  in  such  a  manner  as  to  prevent  a  perfectly 
candid  hearing  there  of  the  issue  involved,  and  so  all  the  parties 
existing  there  were  surprised  and  disappointed  in  the  marked  result. 
That  disappointment  was  quickly  seized  for  desperate  purposes  by 
a  class  of  persons  until  that  time  powerless,  who  had  long  cherished 
a  design  to  dismember  the  Union  and  build  up  a  new  confederacy 
around  the  Gulf  of  Mexico.  Ambitious  leaders  hurried  the  people 
forward,  in  a  factious  course  ;  observing  conventional  forms,  but  vio- 
lating altogether  the  deliberative  spirit  of  their  constitutions.  When 
the  new  federal  administration  came  in  on  the  4th  of  March  last, 
it  found  itself  confronted  by  an  insurrectionary  combination  of 
seven  States,  practising  an  insidious  strategy  to  seduce  eight  other 
States  into  its  councils. 

April  22,  1861.  —  Five  months  ago  sedition  showed  itself  openly 
in  several  of  the  Southern  States,  and  it  has  acted  ever  since  that 
time  with  boldness,  skill,  and  energy.  An  insurrectionary  govern- 
ment, embracing  seven  members  of  this  Union,  has  been  proclaimed 
under  the  name  of  "  the  Confederate  States  of  America."  That 
pretended  authority,  by  means  chiefly  of  surprise,  easily  seen  here 
to  have  been  unavoidable,  although  liable  to  be  misunderstood 
abroad,  has  possessed  itself  of  a  navy  yard,  several  fortifications  and 
arsenals,  and  considerable  quantities  of  arms,  ordnance,  and  mili- 
tary stores.  On  the  12th  of  April,  instant,  its  forces  commenced 
an  attack  upon,  and  ultimately  carried,  Fort  Sumter,  against  the 
brave  and  heroic  resistance  of  a  diminutive  garrison,  which  had 
been,  through  the  neglect  of  the  former  administration,  left  in  a 
condition  to  prevent  supplies  and  reinforcements.1 

1  See  despatch  to  Wood,  May  1, 1861. 


42  DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON   THE   WAR. 

The  President  improved  the  temporary  misfortune  of  the  fall  of 
Fort  Sumter  by  calling  on  the  militia  of  the  States  to  reinforce  the 
Federal  army,  and  summoning  Congress  for  its  counsel  and  aid  in  the 
emergency.  On  the  other  hand,  the  insurrectionists  have  met  those 
measures  with  an  invitation  to  privateers  from  all  lands  to  come 
forth  and  commit  depredations  on  the  commerce  of  the  country. 

May  4,  1861.  —  The  insurgents  have  instituted  revolution  with 
open,  flagrant,  deadly  war  to  compel  the  United  States  to  acquiesce 
in  the  dismemberment  of  the  Union.  The  United  States  have  ac- 
cepted this  civil  war  as  an  inevitable  necessity.  The  constitutional 
remedies  for  all  the  complaints  of  the  insurgents  are  still  open  to 
them,  and  will  remain  so.  But,  on  the  other  hand,  the  land  and 
naval  forces  of  the  Union  have  been  put  into  activity  to  restore  the 
Federal  authority  and  to  save  the  Union  from  danger. 

There  is  not  now,  nor  has  there  been,  nor  will  there  be  any,  the 
least  idea  existing  in  this  government  of  suffering  a  dissolution  of 
this  Union  to  take  place  in  any  way  whatever. 

July  26,  1861.  —  Our  army  of  the  Potomac  on  Sunday  last  met 
a  reverse  equally  severe  and  unexpected.  For  a  day  or  two  the 
panic  which  had  produced  the  result  was  followed  by  a  panic  that 
seemed  to  threaten  to  demoralize  the  country.  But  that  evil  has 
ceased.  The  result  is  already  seen  in  a  vigorous  reconstruction  on 
a  scale  of  greater  magnitude  and  increased  enthusiasm.  The  ex- 
aggerations of  the  result  have  been  as  great  as  the  public  impa- 
tience, perhaps,  which  brought  it  about.  But  the  affair  will  not 
produce  any  serious  injury.  The  strength  of  the  insurrection  is  not 
broken,  but  it  is  not  formidable.  The  vigor  of  the  government  will 
be  increased,  and  the  ultimate  l-esult  will  be  a  triumph  of  the  Con- 
stitution. Do  not  be  misled  by  panic  reports  of  danger  appre- 
hended for  the  capital. 

July  30,  1861.  —  You  will  be  pained  by  the  intelligence  of  a  re- 
verse of  our  arms  near  Manassas  Junction,  and  I  fear  it  will,  for  a 
time,  operate  to  excite  apprehensions  and  encourage  the  enemies 
of  the  Union  in  Europe  ;  but  the  blow  has  already  spent  its  force 
here  without  producing  any  other  effect  than  renewed  resolution 
and  confidence  in  the  success  of  the  government.  The  lesson  that 
war  cannot  be  waged  successfully  without  wisdom  as  well  as  patriot- 
ism has  been  received  at  a  severe  cost ;  but,  perhaps  it  was  neces- 
sary.    It  is  certain  that  we  are  improving  upon  it. 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    THE    WAR.  43 

July  30,  1861. — You  will  receive  the  account  of  a  deplorable 
reverse  of  our  arms  at  Manassas.  For  a  week  or  two  that  event 
will  elate  the  friends  of  the  insurgents  in  Europe  as  it  confounded 
and  bewildered  the  friends  of  the  Union  here  for  two  or  three  days. 
The  shock,  however,  has  passed  away,  producing  no  other  results 
than  a  resolution  stronger  and  deeper  than  ever  to  maintain  the 
Union,  and  a  prompt  and  effective  augmentation  of  the  forces  for 
that  end,  exceeding  what  would  otherwise  have  been  possible.  The 
heart  of  the  country  is  sound.  Its  temper  is  now  more  favorable 
to  the  counsels  of  deliberation  and  wisdom. 

Aiiguxt  12,  1861.  —  The  shock  produced  by  the  reverse  of  our 
arms  at  Bull  Run  has  passed  away.  The  army  is  reorganized;  the 
elections  show  that  reaction  against  disunion  has  begun  in  the  revo- 
lutionary States,  and  we  may  confidently  look  for  a  restoration  of 
the  national  authority  throughout  the  Union. 

If  our  foreign  relations  were  once  promptly  reestablished  on 
their  former  basis,  the  disunion  sentiment  would  languish  and  per- 
ish within  a  year. 

August  15,  1861.  —  We  learn,  in  a  manner  which  obliges  us  to 
give  unwilling  credit,  that  the  Sumter,  an  armed  steamer,  well 
known  through  all  the  American  seas  to  be  a  privateer  fitted  out 
for  and  actually  engaged  in  depredations  upon  the  commerce  of  the 
United  States  by  some  disloyal  citizens,  under  the  command  of  an 
officer  named  Semmes,  on  or  about  the  17th  of  July  last  entered  the 
port  of  CuraQoa,  and  communicated  directly  with  the  local  author- 
ities of  that  island. 

September  2,  1861.  —  Steadily  for  the  period  of  four  months  our 
forces  have  been  coming  into  the  field  at  the  rate  of  two  thousand 
a  day,  and  the  same  augmentation  will  go  on  nearly  at  the  same 
rate  until  500,000  men  will  be  found  in  the  service.  Our  supplies 
of  arms  are  running  low. 

We  have  now  reached  a  new  and  important  stage  in  the  war. 
The  enemy  is  directly  before  us,  invigorated  and  inspirited  by  a 
Victory,  which  it  is  not  the  part  of  wisdom  for  us  to  undervalue. 
But  that  victory  has  brought  with  it  the  necessity  for  renewed  and 
decisive  action  with  proportionate  results.  The  demoralization  of 
our  forces  has  passed  away.  I  have  already  stated  that  they  are 
increasing  in  numbers.  You  will  learn  through  other  channels  that 
they  are  equally  perfecting  themselves  in  discipline.     Commander 


44  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR. 

Stringham  and  General  Butler's  success  at  Hatteras  was  not  merely 
a  brilliant  affair.  It  brings  nearly  the  whole  coast  of  North  Caro- 
lina under  the  surveillance  of  our  blockade.  .  .  .  Disunion,  by  sur- 
prise and  impetuous  passion,  took  the  first  successes,  and  profited 
by  them  to  make  public  opinion  in  Europe.  Union  conies  forward 
more  slowly,  but  with  greater  and  more  enduring  vigor.  This  na- 
tion, like  every  other,  in  the  present  as  in  all  other  cases,  stands  by 
its  own  strength.  Other  powers  will  respect  it  so  long  as  it  exhibits 
its  ability  to  defend  and  save  itself. 

September  5,  1861.  —  Reports  grossly  exaggerated  a  disaster 
which  was  sufficiently  afflicting  in  its  real  proportions.  The  ex- 
ultation of  persons  and  classes  in  foreign  nations  prejudiced  against 
our  country  and  its  institutions  is  one  of  the  penalties  we  pay 
for  the  civil  discord  into  which  we  have  fallen.  But  even  a  very 
limited  experience  of  human  nature  will  enable  us  to  practise  the 
necessary  equanimity  in  such  a  crisis.  Changes  of  habit  and  policy 
are  necessary  to  national  growth  and  progress.  We  have  had  little 
reason  to  expect  that  such  changes  in  our  case  should  always  be 
effected  without  the  occurrence  of  some  disorder  and  violence.  Let 
us  be  content  that  the  country  has  virtue  enough  to  pass  the  ordeal 
safely,  and  that  when  it  is  passed  our  prosperity  will  be  greater 
and  more  assured  than  ever. 

September  5,  1861.  —  I  can  well  understand  the  depression  you 
experienced  on  hearing  of  the  reverse  of  our  arms  at  Bull  Run, 
and  the  unfavorable  comments  on  our  course  which  this  misfortune 
elicits  in  Europe.  There  is,  however,  no  occasion  for  apprehension 
of  an  unfavorable  issue  of  the  present  civil  contest. 

Whatever  speculations  on  the  subject  may  be  made  at  home  or 
abroad,  you  may  be  assured  that  it  is  not  in  .our  day  that  treason  is 
to  prevail  against  the  government  of  our  country,  based  as  it  is  on 
the  rights  of  man  and  his  capacity  of  self-government. 

September  7,  1861.  —  We  have  already  forgotten  the  reverse  of 
our  arms  at  Bull  Run,  which  affected  you  so  deeply,  and  the  pros- 
pect of  the  restoration  of  the  authority  of  the  Union  is  entirely  satis- 
factory. Our  volunteer  army  will,  i  have  no  doubt,  vindicate  its 
character  and  win  back  the  confidence  of  the  country  and  its  friends. 

November  22,  1861.  —  It  is  a  matter  of  regret  that  we  cannot 
consistently  offer  special  inducements  to  military  gentlemen  in  Italy 
who  are  unable  to  defray  their  own  expenses  in  coining  to  join  our 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON  THE  WAR.  45 

armies ;  but  we  are  forbidden  to  do  so  by  urgent  considerations. 
First,  we  do  not  need  to  solicit  foreign  aid,  and  we  naturally  desire 
to  avoid  the  appearance  of  doing  so.  Secondly,  we  wish  to  abstain 
from  intrusion  into  the  domestic  concerns  of  foreign  states,  and,  of 
course,  from  seeming  to  do  so.  Thirdly,  our  own  countrymen  are 
coming  forward  with  just  claims  upon  all  positions  requiring  skill 
in  the  art  of  war,  and  we  must  avoid  jealousies  between  native  and 
foreign  defenders  of  the  Union.  Already  the  forces  in  the  field 
exceed  half  a  million,  and  the  officers  charged  with  organizing  them 
report  to  us  that  those  recently  recruited  will  swell  the  number  to 
seven  hundred  thousand.  If  the  insurrection  should  continue,  it 
would  be  more  difficult  to  keep  them  down  to  a  million  than  to  lift 
them  up  to  that  figure. 

November  23,  1861.  —  I  have  regretted  quite  as  much  as  you 
have  my  inability  at  this  moment  to  give  advices  to  you  and  each 
other  of  our  representatives  abroad  of  the  course  of  events  occurring 
at  home,  and  of  the  general  drift  of  our  correspondence  with  other 
nations;  but  this  domestic  commotion  has  ripened  into  a  transac- 
tion so  vast  as  to  increase  more  than  fourfold  the  labors  of  adminis- 
tration in  every  department.  You  can  readily  imagine  how  vast 
a  machinery  has  been  created  in  the  War  Department,  in  the  Navy 
Department,  and  in  the  Treasury  Department,  respectively.  The 
head  of  each  is  a  man  of  busy  occupations,  high  responsibilities,  and 
perplexing  cares.  You  would  hardly  suppose  that  a  similar  change 
has  come  over  the  modest  little  State  Department  of  other  and 
peaceful  days ;  but  the  exactions  upon  it  are  infinite,  and  out  of  all 
that  offers  itself  to  be  done,  I  can  only  select  and  do  that  which 
cannot  be  wisely  or  safely  left  undone. 

November  30,  1861.  —  Captain  Wilkes,  in  the  Steamer  San  Ja- 
cinto, has  boarded  a  British  colonial  steamer,  and  taken  from  her 
deck  two  insurgents  who  were  proceeding  to  Europe  on  an  errand 
of  treason  against  their  own  country.1  Lord  Lyons  has  prudently 
refrained  from  opening  the  subject  to  me,  as,  I  presume,  waiting 
instructions  from  home.  We  have  done  nothing  on  the  subject  to 
anticipate  the  discussion,  and  we  have  not  furnished  you  with  any 
explanations.  We  adhere  to  that  course  now,  because  we  think 
it  more  prudent  that  the  ground  taken  by  the  British  government 
should  be  first  made  to  us  here,  and  that  the  discussion,  if  there 

i  November  8. 


46  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

must  be  one,  shall  be  had  here.  In  the  capture  of  Messrs.  Mason 
and  Slidell  on  board  a  British  vessel,  Captain  Wilkes  having  acted 
without  any  instructions  from  the  government,  the  subject  is  there- 
fore free  from  the  embarrassment  which  might  have  resulted  if  the 
act  had  been  specially  directed  by  us.1 

January  14,  1862.  —  You  will  have  learned  already  of  the  action 
of  this  government  in  the  case  of  the  Trent,  and  you  will  be  able 
to  calculate  as  wisely  as  we  upon  the  signs  of  peace  between  us  and 
Great  Britain. 

It  hardly  can  be  necessary  to  say  that  the  counsels  of  prudence 
will  be  pursued  here  until  the  point  of  national  safety  and  honor 
compel  a  change  of  disposition.  The  condition  of  affairs  is  that 
the  insurrection  does  not  advance,  while  the  cause  of  the  Union 
steadily  gains  important  advantages. 

Our  arms  continue  to  be  steadily  successful,  and  when  we  shall 
have  completed  our  financial  arrangements  I  trust  that  the  cause  of 
the  Union  will  become  as  hopeful  as  it  is  just. 

January  20,  1862.  —  We  have  reason  to  be  satisfied  with  our 
course  in  the  Trent  affair.  The  American  people  could  not  have 
been  united  in  a  war  which,  being  waged  to  maintain  Captain 
Wilkes's  act  of  force,  would  have  practically  been  a  voluntary  war 
against  Great  Britain.  At  the  same  time  it  would  have  been  a 
war  in  1861  against  Great  Britain  for  a  cause  directly  the  oppo- 
site of  the  cause  for  which  we  waged  war  against  the  same  power 
in  1812. 

January  20,  1862.  —  The  tone  of  the  public  virtue  is  becoming 
sounder  and  stronger  every  day.  Military  and  naval  operations  go 
on  with  success,  hindered  only  by  the  weather,  which,  for  almost  a 
month,  has  rendered  the  coasts  unsafe  and  the  roads  impassable. 

I  have  observed  that  the  British  people  were  satisfied  with  the 
vigor  and  the  energy  of  the  preparations  which  their  government 
made  for  the  war  which  they  expected  to  occur  between  them  and 
ourselves. 

It  may  be  profitable  for  us  all  to  reflect  that  the  military  and 
naval  preparations  which  have  been  made  by  this  government  to 
put  down  the  insurrection  have,  every  day  since  the  first  day  of 
May  last,  equalled,  if  not  surpassed,  the  daily  proportion  of  those 
war  preparations  which  were  regarded  as  so  demonstrative  in  Great 
Britain. 

»  See  poet,  pages  296-810. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON    THE    WAR.  47 

January  23,  1862.  —  Practically,  the  whole  coast  of  the  insurrec- 
tionary States  is  falling  into  the  possession  of  the  Federal  forces. 
The  expedition  under  Burnside  is  in  Albemarle  Sound,  and  we  trust 
that  it  will  produce  some  decisive  results. 

The  government  is  cooperating  with  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio 
Railroad  Company  in  restoring  this  important  communication  be- 
tween Baltimore  and  the  Ohio,  which  will  soon  be  effected. 

But  the  great  events  of  the  day  are,  first,  the  determined  vote  of 
Congress  to  sustain  the  government  by  a  tax  of  one  hundred  and 
fifty  millions  of  dollars,  which  will  be  adequate  to  preserve  the  na- 
tional finances  during  the  vigorous  prosecution  of  the  war. 

And  secondly,  the  removal  of  the  obstructions  raised  by  the  in- 
surgents on  the  banks  of  the  Cumberland  River,  to  prevent  the 
entrance  of  Federal  columns  into  Eastern  Tennessee.  The  victory 
of  General  Thomas  at  Mill  Spring  was  a  very  gratifying  affair;  but 
its  brilliancy  is  surpassed  by  its  strategic  importance.  You  will  see 
at  once  that  it  opens  the  way  to  Eastern  Tennessee,  and  so  to  the 
cutting  off  of  supplies  and  reinforcements  for  the  insurgent  army  of 
the  Potomac.  You  will  not  err  in  assuming  that  this  great  move- 
ment is  one  having  no  isolated  purpose,  but  that  it  is  a  part  in  a 
general  system  which  contemplates  the  bringing  of  all  the  Federal 
forces  promptly  into  activity,  with  a  view  to  the  complete  restora- 
tion of  the  Federal  authority  throughout  the  country. 

It  is  not  in  our  power  to  control  the  policies  of  European  cabinets. 
They  acted  precipitately  in  May  last,  and  thus  aggravated  and 
prolonged  our  troubles.  It  is  to  be  hoped  that  they  will  allow  them- 
selves now  to  understand  the  resources  and  the  energies  which  have 
enabled  us  to  recover  from  those  injuries  and  to  hem  in  the  insur- 
rection on  all  sides,  so  that  it  must  be  soon  exhausted  and  defeated. 
The  spirit  of  the  nation,  however,  is  sufficiently  roused  so  as  to  en- 
able us  to  meet  and  overcome  all  adverse  designs,  of  whatever  kind, 
from  whatever  quarter. 

February  10,  1862.  —  Cloudless  skies,  with  drying  winter  winds, 
have  at  last  succeeded  the  storms  which  so  long  held  our  fleets  in 
embargo  and  our  land  forces  in  their  camps. 

The  Burnside  expedition  has  escaped  its  perils,  and  is  now  in 
activity  on  the  coast  of  North  Carolina.  The  great  victory  at  Mill 
Spring,  in  Kentucky,  has  been  quickly  followed  by  the  capture  of 
Fort  Henry,  on  the  Tennessee  River,  and  the  interruption  of  the 


48  DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    THE    WAR. 

railroad  by  which  the  insurgents  have  kept  up  their  communications 
between  Bowling  Green  and  Columbus ;  and  the  divisions  in  the 
West  are  all  in  activity  with  prospects  of  decisive  achievements. 

It  is  now  nearly  one  year  since  the  insurgents  began  their  des- 
perate undertaking  to  establish  a  confederacy  of  the  fifteen  slave 
States.  At  some  time  within  the  previous  six  months  they  had 
virtually  displaced  the  flag  of  the  Union  in  thirteen  of  those  States 
by  stratagem  or  by  force,  and  it  stood  in  apparent  jeopardy  in  the 
fourteenth  State. 

But  the  process  of  preparation  has  steadily  gone  on  in  the  loyal 
States,  while  that  of  exhaustion  has  been  going  on  in  the  disloyal. 
Only  eleven  of  the  slave  States  are  practically  subject  to  the  insur- 
gents, and  already  the  flag  of  the  Union  stands,  as  we  think,  irre- 
movably  fixed  upon  some  points  in  every  one  of  the  thirty-four 
States,  except  Texas,  Alabama,  and  Arkansas.  Congress  has  come 
fully  up  to  the  discharge  of  its  great  responsibility  of  establishing 
the  finances  of  the  country  on  a  safe  and  satisfactory  foundation. 

What  is  the  operation  of  the  war?  We  have  entered  Virginia, 
and  already  five  thousand  slaves,  emancipated  simply  by  the  ap- 
pearance of  our  forces,  are  upon  the  hands  of  the  Federal  govern- 
ment there.  We  have  landed  on  the  coast  of  South  Carolina,  and 
already  nine  thousand  similarly  emancipated  slaves  hang  upon  our 
camps. 

Although  the  war  has  not  been  waged  against  slavery,  yet  the 
army  acts  immediately  as  an  emancipating  crusade. 

February  17,  1862.  —  I  am  not  prepared  to  recognize  the  right  of 
other  nations  to  object  to  the  measure  of  placing  artificial  obstruc- 
tions in  the  channels  of  rivers  leading  to  ports  which  have  been 
seized  by  the  insurgents  in  their  attempt  to  overthrow  this  govern- 
ment. 

The  active  campaign  of  our  land  and  naval  forces  has  begun. 
The  great  preparations  which  have  been  made  so  diligently  and  so 
carefully,  in  defiance  of  popular  impatience  at  home  and  political 
impatience  abroad,  are  now  followed  by  results  indicative  of  a  com- 
plete and  even  early  decision  of  the  contest  in  favor  of  the  govern- 
ment. 

February  28,  1862.  —  The  successes  of  the  Union  army  in  the 
West  having  brought  the  whole  of  Missouri  and  a  large  portion  of 
Tennessee  under  the  authority  of  the  United  States,  and  having 


DIABY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  49 

already  opened  a  passage  for  us  into  Alabama,  Mississippi,  and 
Arkansas,  it  has  been  determined  to-day  to  permit  the  restoration 
of  trade  upon  our  inland  ways  and  waters  under  certain  limitations 
and  restrictions,  which  may  continue  until  the  pacification  of  the 
country  shall  take  place. 

March  8,  18G2.  —  You  will  have  noticed  our  successful  advance 
down  the  Mississippi  and  along  its  banks.  Next  week  we  shall 
ascertain  the  strength  of  the  obstructions  at  Memphis.  After  pass- 
ing that  port  the  river  will  be  entirely  open  to  us  to  New  Orleans. 
I  suppose  I  hazard  nothing  of  publicity  here  by  informing  you  that 
General  Butler  with  an  adequate  land  force,  and  Captain  Porter 
with  a  fleet,  are  already  in  motion  to  seize  and  hold  New  Orleans. 
The  armies  on  the  Potomac  are  also  expected  to  try  conclusions  soon. 

You  will,  I  am  sure,  need  no  instructions  to  use  this  information 
in  the  way  best  calculated  to  free  our  unhappy  domestic  strife  from 
its  European  elements  of  mischief.  When  that  shall  be  done,  all 
will  be  well. 

I  learn  that  the  insurgents  have  withdrawn  from  .their  front  on 
the  Potomac,  above  and  below  this  city,  and  are  breaking  up  their 
camps  and  retreating  before  our  army  toward  Richmond.  Thus 
ends  the  siege  of  Washington,  and  thus  advances  the  cause  of  the 
Union. 

March  10,  1862.  —  Attention  has  been  directed  to  the  extraordi- 
nary proceedings  which  are  taking  place  in  Mexico.  We  shall  be 
just  to  ourselves,  and  at  the  same  time  shall  practise  the  prudence 
that  will  avert  any  new  complication  in  our  affairs. 

To-day  the  insurgent  army  is  retreating  from  the  position  it  has 
so  long  and  so  uselessly  held  in  front  of  the  capital.  The  war  is 
retiring  within  the  limits  of  the  States  which  began  it  with  reck- 
less haste,  and  which  have  hitherto  carried  it  on  with  intemperate 
zeal,  under  the  expectation  that  they  would  escape  from  the  scourge 
it  was  inflicting  upon  States  less  disloyal  than  themselves. 

March  15,  1862.  —  Since  the  date  of  my  last  despatch  the  Union 
forces  have  gained  decided  advantages.  The  financial  and  moral 
as  well  as  the  physical  elements  of  the  insurrection  seem  to  be 
rapidly  approaching  exhaustion.  Now,  when  we  so  clearly  see  how 
much  of  its  strength  was  derived  from  the  hope  of  foreign  aid,  we 
are  brought  to  lament  anew  the  precipitancy  with  which  foreign 
powers  so  unnecessarily  conceded  to  it  bellig.rent  rights. 


50  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

March  17,  1862.  —  The  occupation  of  so  many  of  the  Southern 
ports  having  been  effected  by  our  forces,  and  all  of  the  others  being 
now  effectually  invested,  I  apprehend  that  the  illicit  traffic  which 
has  been  so  flagrantly  carried  6n  from  British  ports  will  come  to 
an  end. 

Mimch  25,  1862.  —  The  events  of  the  week  have  been  striking 
and  significant :  the  capture  of  Newbern  by  Burnside,  with  the 
consequent  evacuation  of  Beaufort  and  Fort  Macon  by  the  insur- 
gents, and  the  destruction  by  themselves  of  their  own  piratical 
steamer  Nashville;  the  rout  of  the  insurgents,  on  their  retreat  from 
Winchester  to  Strasburg,  by  Shields ;  the  victory  of  General  Pope 
at  New  Madrid ;  and  the  bombardment  of  Island  No.  10,  in  the  Mis- 
sissippi, by  Commodore  Foote. 

A  movement  of  the  main  army  of  the  Potomac  down  the  river 
to  Fortress  Monroe  is  quietly  going  on,  and  demonstrations  will 
soon  be  made  against  Norfolk  and  Richmond. 

We  suppose  our  ocean  expedition  against  New  Orleans  must,  at 
this  time,  have  reached  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi. 

March  26,  1862.  —  We  have  already,  with  a  strong  hand,  recov- 
ered the  control  of  nearly  all  of  the  coast  of  the  insurrectionary 
States,  and  we  have  recaptured  four  of  the  great  ports  which  were 
wrested  from  us  by  the  insurgents,  or  betrayed  into  their  hands 
before  the  government  assumed  its  attitude  of  self-defence.  While 
doing  this  we  have  effected  a  release  of  all  our  land  and  naval 
forces  from  the  sieges  in  which  they  were  held  by  the  rebels.  All 
these  forces  are,  as  is  supposed,  safely  acting  aggressively.  Our 
means  are  ample,  our  forces  numerous,  our  credit  sound,  and  our 
spirit  buoyant  and  brave.  The  reverse  of  all  this  is  the  true  con- 
dition of  the  insurgents.  They  are  reduced  from  aggression  to 
defence.  Distracted  between  many  exposed  points,  they  have  con- 
sumed must  of  their  resources;  their  credit  is  nearly  prostrate; 
their  forces,  always  exaggerated,  are  now  very  feeble;  and  they  are 
considering,  not  so  much  how  they  shall  carry  on  the  war  they  so 
re«kles>ly  began,  as  how  they  shall  meet  and  endure  the  calamities 
it  is  bringing  upon  them.  It  is  under  these  circumstances  that  our 
army  of  the  Potomac,  under  General  McClellan,  to-day.  is  descend- 
ing that  river,  an  hundred  thousand  strong,  to  attack  and  carry  Nor- 
folk and  Richmond  ;  that  another  army,  under  General  Fremont, 
is  moving  upon  Cumberland  Gap,  to  cut  off  the  communication  of 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    THIS    WAR.  51 

the  insurgents  with  the  more  southern  States  ;  that  a  third  army, 
under  General  Halleck,  equal  in  numbers  and  efficiency  with  that 
of  the  Potomac,  is  descending  both  banks  of  the  Mississippi,  flank- 
ing what  has  hitherto  proved  to  be  an  irresistible  naval  force, 
which  is  making  its  way  upon  the  river  itself  to  New  Orleans; 
while  a  fourth  column  of  land  and  naval  forces,  under  General 
Butler  and  Captain  Porter,  deemed  adequate  to  any  emergency,  is 
already  believed  to  be  ascending  the  river  from  the  Belize  to  attack 
New  Orleans.  Buinside  has  really  left  nothing  to  be  done  to  rescue 
the  ports  between  Norfolk  and  Charleston.  Charleston  cannot  long 
hold  out;  and  the  fall  of  Savannah  is  understood  to  be  only  a  ques- 
tion of  days,  not  of  weeks.  Mobile  cannot  stand  after  the  fall  of 
these  and  of  New  Orleans,  and  all  the  ports  between  those  cities 
are  already  in  our  possession. 

April  1,  1862.  —  Earl  Russell,  in  the  House  of  Lords,  expressed 
the  belief  that  this  country  is  large  enough  for  two  independent 
nations,  and  the  hope  that  this  government  will  assent  to  a  peaceful 
separation  from  the  insurrectionary  States.  A  very  brief  sojourn 
among  us,  with  an  observation  of  our  mountains,  rivers,  and  coasts, 
and  some  study  of  our  social  condition  and  habits,  would  be  sufficient 
to  satisfy  him,  on  the  contrary,  that  the  country  is  not  too  large  for 
one  such  people  as  this,  and  that  it  is,  and  must  always  be,  too  small 
for  two  distinct  nations,  until  the  people  shall  have  become  so  de- 
moralized by  faction  that  they  are  ready  to  enter  the  course  which 
leads  through  continued  subdivision  to  continued  anarchy.  All 
the  British  speculations  assume  that  the  political  elements  which 
have  been  brought  into  antagonism  here  are  equal  in  vigor  and 
endurance.  Nothing,  however,  is  more  certain  than  that  freedom 
and  slavery  are  very  unequal  in  these  qualities,  and  that  when  these 
diverse  elements  are  eliminated,  the  former  from  the  cause  of  sedi- 
tion, and  the  latter  from  the  cause  of  the  government,  then  the 
government  must  prevail,  sustained  as  it  is  by  the  cooperating 
sentiments  of  loyalty,  of  national  pride,  interest,  ambition,  and  the 
permanent  love  of  peace. 

April  3,  1862.  —  The  late  achievement  of  the  Merrimack  in 
Hampton  Roads  at  first  perplexed  and  alarmed  all  our  naval  agents 
and  officers.  They  have,  however,  made  preparations  for  her  com- 
ing out  again,  and  they  express  entire  confidence  in  their  ability  to 
master  her.     Meantime  the  blockade  is  actually  becoming  a  siege, 


52  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

which  we  trust  will  soon  result  iu  occupation  of  the  insurrectionary 
ports. 

April  8,  1862.  —  Our  armies,  held  everywhere  in  the  leash,  are 
at  the  point  of  being  let  loose.  Important  transactions  must  occur 
within  a  few  days.  It  is  the  part  of  wisdom  to  be  neither  sanguine 
of  success  nor  disturbed  with  apprehensions  of  failure.  If  the  tide 
of  military  success  shall  continue  to  flow  full  and  strong,  we  can 
consent  to  wait  the  reluctant  but  inevitable  return  of  maritime 
nations  to  the  fraternal  positions  they  abandoned  when  faction  un- 
dertook to  undermine  their  fidelity  as  the  most  effectual  way  to 
compass  our  destruction. 

I  have  just  signed,  with  Lord  Lyons,  a  treaty  which  I  trust  will 
be  approved  by  the  Senate  and  by  the  British  government.  If  rat- 
ified, it  will  bring  the  African  slave-trade  to  an  end  immediately 
and  forever.  Had  such  a  treaty  been  made  in  1808,  there  would 
now  have  been  no  sedition  here,  and  no  disagreement  between  the 
United  States  and  foreign  nations.  We  are  indeed  suffering  deeply 
in  this  civil  war.  Europe  has  impatiently  condemned  and  deplored 
it.  Yet  it  is  easy  to  see  already  that  the  calamity  will  be  compen- 
sated by  incalculable  benefits  to  our  country  and  to  mankind.  Such 
are  the  compensations  of  Providence  for  the  sacrifices  it  exacts. 

April  14,  1862.  —  It  is  known  that  all  the  free  States  are  loyal 
to  the  Union  ;  that  the  insurrection  had  its  spring  in  the  slave 
States,  and  that  it  aims  to  separate  them  all  from  the  Union,  and 
embrace  them  in  a  new  sovereign  confederacy.  There  is  not  one 
regiment  or  battalion,  or  even  company  of  men,  which  was  organ- 
ized in,  or  derived  from,  the  free  States  and  Territories,  in  arms 
anywhere  against  the  Union.  Some  regiments  derived  from  the 
border  slave  States  are  found  in  the  slave  States  in  hostilities 
against  the  Federal  authorities,  while  others  equally  or  more  numer- 
ous are  supporting  them  there.  Missouri,  Kentucky,  Tennessee,  and 
Virginia,  all  border  slave  States,  respectively,  have  contributed  large 
bodies  of  men  to  the  armies  of  the  Union.  Missouri,  a  border 
slave  State  west  of  the  Mississippi,  has  been  cleared  of  all  organ- 
ized military  bodies  of  insurgents,  and  for  some  time  past  has 
ceased  to  be  troubled  by  guerillas.  The  battle  of  Pea  Ridge,  in 
which  General  Curtis  beat  Van  Dorn,  Price,  M"  In  tosh,  and  McCul- 
lough,  has  firmly  established  General  Curt:s  ;.nd  the  national  colors 
in  the  northwestern  part  of  Arkansas,  an  interior  slave  State.     No 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  53 

insurrectionary  forces  remain  in  Kentucky,  also  a  border  slave  State. 
All  the  fortified  positions  of  the  insurgents  have  been  abandoned, 
and  the  southern  border  of  Tennessee,  an  interior  slave  State,  has 
been  crossed  by  the  advancing  armies  of  the  nation,  which,  after 
the  victories  of  Fort  Henry,  Fort  Donelson,  the  occupation  of  Bowl- 
ing Green,  Nashville,  Murfreesborough,  and  Columbus,  a  few  days 
since  captured  the  fortified  position  of  Island  No.  10,  in  the  Missis- 
sippi, with  one  hundred  heavy  guns,  thirty  pieces  of  field  artillery, 
six  thousand  prisoners;  and  on  the  same  day,  after  a  two  days'  con- 
test, repulsed  and  beat  the  insurgent  army,  said  to  be  eighty  thou- 
sand strong,  at  Pittsburg  Landing,  with  the  loss  of  their  chief, 
General  A.  S.  Johnston.  Four  days  afterwards  General  Mitchell, 
with  a  column  of  the  same  Federal  army,  by  a  forced  march,  occu- 
pied, without  loss,  Huntsville,  in  the  State  of  Alabama,  one  of  the 
Gulf  slave  States,  and  captured  some  two  hundred  prisoners,  fifteen 
locomotive  engines,  and  many  railroad  carriages,  which  will  be  very 
useful  in  future  operations.  Immediately  afterwards  he  captured 
Decatur  and  the  Chattanooga  Junction,  and  thus  got  possession  of 
one  hundred  and  ten  miles  of  the  railroad.  This  stroke  is  impor- 
tant, as  it  cuts  off  the  great  artery  of  connection  by  railroad  be- 
tween Memphis  and  Richmond  and  the  southeastern  slave  States. 
Jacksonville,  in  Eastern  Tennessee,  has  been  visited  by  our  forces, 
and  thus  it  is  seen  that  they  are  approaching  Knoxville,  the  prin- 
cipal city  in  that  always  intensely  loyal  part  of  the  State  of  Ten- 
nessee. 

April  19,  1862.  —  All  the  grievances  which  disturb  our  people 
and  tend  to  alienate  them  from  Great  Britain  seem  dedueible  from 
the  concessions  made  by  her  to  the  insurgents  at  the  beginning  of 
this  civil  war.  •  All  the  explanations  we  receive  from  Great  Britain 
seem  to  imply  a  conviction  that  this  civil  war  must  end  in  the  over- 
throw of  the  Federal  Union.  The  ultimate  consequence  of  such  a* 
calamity  would  be  that  this  great  country  would  be  divided  into 
factions  and  hostile  states  and  confederations,  as  Greece  and  Italy 
and  Spanish  America  have  been. 

You  can  do  no  more  in  the  present  conjecture  than  to  give  his 
lordship,  from  time  to  time,  fresh  and  accumulating  evidence  of  our 
purpose  and  our  ability  to  pursue  to  a  successful  end  the  course 
which  we  have  learned  from  our  British  ancestry,  namely,  to  hold 
the  constituent  States  of  our  great  realm  in  perpetual  and  indissol- 
uble union. 


54  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR. 

The  western  part  of  Virginia  has  been  cleared  of  insurgents  and 
General  Fro"  in  on  t  has  put  his  army  in  motion.  From  Monterey  and 
Moorfield  two  columns  are  advancing.  General  Banks  is  ascending 
the  valley  of  the  Shenandoah,  while  General  Blenker's  division  is  on 
the  march  from  Warrenton  towards  Strasburg,  to  unite  with  Gen- 
eral Banks  in  the  moment  which  promises  to  cut  the  Virginia  and 
Covinsrton  Railroad  first,  then  the  Southwestern  Vallev  Railroad  of 
Virginia,  and  thus  sever  communication  which  connects  Richmond, 
the  seat  of  the  insurrection,  and  Knoxville,  before  named.  Gen- 
eral McDowell,  with  the  army  covering  Washington,  occupies  the 
region  between  Washington  and  the  Rappahannock,  and  the  news 
comes  to-day  that  the  insurgents  are  abandoning  their  entire  line 
on  that  river  and  retiring  to  the  vicinity  of  Richmond.  The  East- 
ern Shore  of  Virginia  has  been  relieved  by  General  Lockwood's 
brigade  from  the  small  insurgent  force  which  early  organized  itself 
there.  General  McClellan  on  the  York  River,  and  General  Wood 
at  Fortress  Monroe,  with  the  main  body  of  the  army  of  the  Poto- 
mac, lay  siege  upon  Yorktown,  which  is  defended  by  the  insurgent 
leaders  Lee,  J.  E.  Johnston,  and  Magruder. 

General  Burnside  occupies  the  cities  and  sounds  and  coasts  of 
eastern  North  Carolina,  and  besieges  Fort  Macon,  which  is  cut  off 
from  all  succor.  These  forces  have  cleared  all  the  insurgent  bodies 
out  of  a  slave  territory  once  occupied  by  them,  containing  one  hun- 
dred and  fifty  thousand  square  miles  and  a  population  of  three  mil- 
lions. 

One  half  of  the  coast  of  South  Carolina,  the  whole  coast  of 
Georgia,  and  the  harbors,  cities,  and  coasts  of  East  Florida,  are 
occupied  by  the  army  which  lately  was  under  the  command  of  Gen- 
eral Sherman,  who  has  been  replaced  by  General  Hunter  ;  and  the 
fortresses  of  the  Florida  reef,  situate  at  Key  West,  the  Tortugas 
'Islands,  and  at  the  harbors  of  Tampa  Bay  and  Cedar  Keys;  Fort 
Pickens,  commanding  the  entrance  to  Pensacola  ;  Ship  Island,  Bi- 
loxi,  and  Pass  Christian,  on  the  coast  of  Mississippi,  as  well  as  the 
head  of  the  delta  of  the  Mississippi  River,  all  are  occupied  and  se- 
curely held  by  national  forces.  Fort  Pulaski,  on  the  Savannah 
River,  after  a  bombardment  of  several  days,  surrendered  yesterday. 
There  is  scarce  a  harbor  on  the  whole  coast,  from  the  Chesapeake 
to  the  Mississippi,  which  is  not  hermetically  sealed  by  a  force  occu- 
pying some  island  or  headland,  as  well  as  by  the  blockading  squad- 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR.  55 

ron.  Charleston,  St.  Mark's,  Apalachicola,  and  Mobile,  although 
not  yet  occupied  by  troops,  are  closely  blockaded  by  our  fleet.  New 
Orleans  is  threatened  by  the  bomb  fleet  of  Captain  Porter,  who 
is  ascending  the  Mississippi  River,  and  by  the  iron-clad  flotilla 
of  Captain  Foote,  which  has  just  sailed  from  the  late  investing 
stronghold  of  No.  10,  and  is  now  with  General  Pope's  army  under 
convoy,  descending  the  same  river.  A  few  days,  we  think,  will 
complete  the  opening  of  the  Mississippi,  and  restore  to  the  north- 
western States  that  natural  passage  for  their  immense  commerce 
with  the  other  States  and  with  foreign  countries  which  the  insur- 
gents have  so  insanely  attempted  to  close,  in  violation  of  all  the 
laws  of  trade  and  even  of  nature  itself. 

The  national  forces,  among  whom  there  is  not  one  conscript  or 
involuntary  soldier,  according  to  the  official  returns,  consist  of  seven 
hundred  and  eleven  thousand  men.  They  are  amply  provided  with 
arms  of  precision,  with  artillery,  with  wagons,  and  other  transports ; 
horses,  tents,  clothing,  and  all  the  provisions  and  apparel  of  war. 
Provisions  are  cheap  and  abundant.  The  magazines  contain  cloth- 
ing and  tents  for  several  months'  supply,  and  the  people  still  press 
upon  the  quartermaster-general  their  offers  of  additional  supplies. 

An  order  from  the  Secretary  of  War  to  receive  no  more  volun- 
teers is  bringing  back  upon  him  remonstrances  and  entreaties,  not 
only  from  individuals  but  from  states,  under  which  he  is  constrained 
to  accept  regiments  newly  filled.  Twenty-five  thousand  prisoners, 
carefully  guarded  in  the  loyal  states,  are  astonished  at  finding  them- 
selves better  fed,  better  clothed,  and  more  humanely  treated  than 
when  bearing  arms  against  their  country  at  the  call  of  factious  and 
treasonable  chiefs.  These  chiefs  have  for  months  past  been  resort- 
ing to  levies  en  masse,  or  to  drafts,  forcing  the  young  and  the  aged, 
loyal  and  the  disloyal  —  all  alike,  and  however  unwilling  —  into 
their  unlawful  service. 

Perhaps  a  million  of  men,  thus  variously  brought  into  the  field, 
are  now  in  arms  in  a  country  which,  one  year  ago,  had  a  military 
force  of  only  twelve  thousand  men.  All  the  troops  of  ^ie  Union 
are  well  equipped,  well  drilled,  and  disciplined ;  they  are  good 
marksmen,  and  have  patriotism  and  courage.  They  make  much 
and  skilful  use  of  the  bayonet,  and  always  with  success.  They  are 
everywhere  advancing.  They  have  taken  every  position  they  have 
approached,  and  have  won,  with  an  important  exception,  not  only 


56  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

every  battle  but  even  every  skirmish  in  which,  within  the  last  three 
months,  they  have  engaged. 

Missouri,  Kentucky,  a  great  part  of  Tennessee,  Western  Virginia, 
and  Eastern  Florida,  have  been  abandoned  by  the  insurgent  leaders. 
The  national  flag  has  been  planted  securely  at  one  or  more  points 
in  every  state  except  Texas.  The  richest  part  of  the  territory 
claimed  by  the  revolutionists  for  the  seat  of  their  pretended  con- 
federacy has  been  reclaimed  from  their  rule  and  their  attempts  at 
taxation  ;  and  there  is  left  to  support  the  enormous  expenses  of  the 
insurrection  only  the  states  which  produce  little  else  than  cotton  ; 
and  what  cotton  they  now  have  on  hand  the  insurgents  threaten  to 
burn,  because  they  have  no  outlet  for  its  exportation,  and  no  hope 
of  rescuing  it  from  the  returning  allegiance  of  the  people  to  the  na- 
tional Union. 

It  is  believed  that  this  survey  of  the  military  position  of  the  gov- 
ernment may  serve  to  satisfy  Great  Britain  that  those  statesmen 
here  and  abroad  who,  a  year  ago,  mistook  a  political  syncope  for  na- 
tional death  and  dissolution,  altogether  misunderstood  the  resources, 
the  character,  and  the  energies  of  the  American  Union.  The  blood 
that  at  first  retreated  to  the  heart  is  now  coursing  healthily  through 
all  the  veins  and  arteries  of  the  whole  system  ;  and  what  seemed  at 
first  to  be  a  hopeless  paralysis,  was  in  fact  but  the  beginning  of  an 
organic  change  to  more  robust  and  vigorous  health  than  the  nation 
has  ever  before  enjoyed. 

April  22,  18G2.  —  Mr.  Merrier  proposed  in  a  very  proper  manner 
that  he  would  visit  Richmond  if  we  should  not  object.  Of  course 
the  President  approved,  being  satisfied  that  he  would  not  in  any 
way  compromit  the  relations  existing  between  the  French  govern- 
ment and  our  own.  It  is  impossible  not  to  see  now  that  the  insur- 
rection is  shrinking  and  shrivelling  into  very  narrow  dimensions. 
I  hope  that  Mr.  Mercier  may  come  back  prepared  with  some  plan 
to  alleviate  the  inconveniences  of  his  countrymen  in  the  south,  who 
are  not  acting  against  this  government,  and,  in  that  way,  against 
the  peac%and  harmony  of  the  two  countries. 

The  real  difficulty  is,  that  the  southern  ports  are,  and  even  the 
whole  southern  country  is,  now  actually  in  a  state  of  siege,  and  com- 
munication in  anything  like  a  normal  manner  is  impossible. 

General  McDowell  has  entered  Fredericksburg,  and  General 
Banks  is  marching  successfully  quite  through  the  valley  of  Virginia. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES  ON   THE   WAR.  57 

We  have  reason  to  expect  Savannah  to  come  into  our  possession 
within  the  next  ten  days,  and  Fort  Macon  to  fall  about  as  soon. 
The  insurrectionary  leaders  have  made  a  conscription  of  all  between 
eighteen  and  thirty-five.  They  issue  new  paper  which  sells  for 
gold  at  the  rate  of  one  hundred  dollars  for  twenty. 

April  26,  1862.  —  Our  generals  are  crowding  the  insurgents  be- 
fore them  in  northern  and  western  Virginia.  We  hear,  at  List,  of 
course  through  insurgent  organs,  of  the  beginning  of  the  bombard- 
ment of  the  forts  on  the  Mississippi,  below  New  Orleans,  by  Cap- 
tain Porter.  We  constantly  expect  the  surrender  of  Fort  Macon. 
But  the  exciting  care  of  the  hour  is  divided  between  Yorktown  and 
Corinth.  Battles  there  are  imminent.  The  gain  of  either  of  these 
fields  would  have  a  decisive  effect.  The  loss  of  both  seems  hardly 
possible,  although  calculations  upon  particular  results  in  war  are 
always  uncertain, 

April  28,  18G2.  —  To-day  the  country  is  assuming  that  the  fate 
of  this  unnatural  war  is  determined  by  the  great  event  of  the  cap- 
ture of  New  Orleans,  which  was  effected  by  a  naval  expedition  on 
the  24th  instant.     I  trust  that  the  anticipation  will  be  sustained. 

Captain  Bullock,  of  Georgia,  is  understood  to  have  written  that 
he  has  five  steamers  built,  or  bought,  armed,  and  supplied  with  ma- 
teriel of  Avar  in  England,  which  are  now  about  leaving  or  are  on 
their  way  to  aid  the  insurgents. 

We  are  prepared  to  meet  them.  But  the  reflection  occurs,  are 
the  maritime  powers  of  Europe  willing  that  the  suppression  of  this 
insurrection  shall  be  forever  associated  in  the  memory  of  mankind 
with  the  conviction  that  the  sympathies  of  Europe  were  lent  to  the 
abortive  revolution  ? 

May  5,  1862.  —  I  advised  you  by  telegram,  sent  out  by  the  last 
steamer,  of  the  capture  of  New  Orleans.  I  have  now  to  inform  you 
that  Fort  Macon  has  surrendered  to  our  siege,  and  that  Yorktown 
has  just  been  relinquished  to  our  army  on  the  eve  of  an  anticipated 
bombardment.  General  McClellan  is  marching  up  the  Peninsula 
towards  Richmond,  and  General  McDowell  is  opening  his  way 
downward  towards  the  same  capital  from  Fredericksburg. 

If  our  information  is  correct,  the  insurgent  army  is  evacuating 
Corinth.  The  spurious  congress  of  the  insurgents  has  suddenly  ad- 
journed. Their  fiscal  system  must  by  this  time  have  exploded,  and 
their  military  connections   are   everywhere   broken.     It  is  a  very 


58  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

pleasant  addition  to  tins  news  that  two  of  the  British  steamers 
lately  fitted  out  at  Liverpool  with  ammunition  and  arms  for  the  in- 
surgents have  been  captured  by  our  blockading  fleet.  Thus  the 
tide  of  success  seems  to  be  flowing  full  and  strong.  Acting  upon 
the  confidence  which  it  has  produced,  we  have  opened  New  Orleans 
to  correspondence,  and  we  are  taking  measures  for  an  early  opening 
of  that  and  some  other  ports  to  trade  under  necessary  limitations. 

These  concessions  occur  simultaneously  with  our  ratification  of  a 
treaty  with  Great  Britain  designed  to  effect  the  suppression  of  the 
African  slave-trade. 

May  12,  1862. —  The  progress  of  the  national  arms  continues  so 
auspiciously  as  to  excite  the  insurgents  to  desperation  and  to  require 
of  their  abettors  in  Europe  extreme  activity  and  diligence  to  rescue 
a  cause  which,  without  foreign  intervention,  seems  already  lost. 
You  may  now  assume  that  the  Mississippi  in  its  whole  length  is 
restored  to  the  Federal  authority.  Richmond  is  practically  held  in 
close  siege  by  General  McClellan.  Norfolk,  with  all  the  coasts  and 
tributaries  of  Hampton  Roads,  is  cleared  of  insurrectionary  land 
forces  and  naval  forces.  Our  navy,  already  large  and  effective  and 
daily  increasing,  is  now  released  from  two  very  arduous  and  ex- 
hausting sieges  in  which  it  has  been  so  long  engaged. 

I  enclose  a  copy  of  a  proclamation  of  the  President,  of  this  date, 
opening  the  ports  of  Beaufort,  Port  Royal  and  New  Orleans,  which 
have  recently  been  blockaded.  The  treasury  regulations  to  which 
it  refers  will  immediately  follow. 

May  19,  1862.  —  The  principal  military  event  of  the  past  week 
has  been  the  recovery  of  the  important  port  and  town  of  Pensacola. 

Of  our  seaports  there  yet  remain  in  the  occupation  of  the  insur- 
gents only  Wilmington,  in  North  Carolina,  Charleston,  in  South 
Carolina,  Mobile,  in  Alabama,  Galveston,  in  Texas  —  all  of  which 
are,  nevertheless,  very  effectually  blockaded. 

Preparations  are  made  for  their  immediate  recovery.  Thus  we 
expect  that,  within  the  next  four  weeks,  the  authority  of  the  Union 
will  be  entirely  restored  along  the  whole  Atlantic  and  Gulf  coasts 
of  the  country.  Trade  resuming  its  legitimate  character  will  begin 
anew  on  the  first  of  June  at  the  several  ports  of  Beaufort,  Port 
Royal,  and  New  Orleans,  and  we  shall  not  be  slow  in  extending  the 
same  benefits  to  other  ports.  The  temptations  to  contraband  trade 
are  rapidly  passing  away,  and  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  that  great  and 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  59 

disturbing  annoyance  will  speedily  cease  to  irritate  at  home  and 
abroad. 

The  conflict  henceforth  will  be  between  land  forces  in  the  interior 
of  the  country,  and  perhaps  the  battles  impending  at  Richmond  and 
Corinth  may  close  the  unnatural  war.  It  would  be  idle  to  speculate 
on  the  probabilities  of  the  results  of  those  combats. 

May  26,  1862.  —  The  defeat  of  General  Banks  at  Winchester 
yesterday,  and  his  withdrawal  across  the  Potomac,  are  just  now 
the  prominent  incidents  of  the  war.  A.  careful  consideration  of  the 
affair  results  in  the  satisfactory  conclusion  that  the  movement  of 
the  enemy  was  one  of  merely  energetic  strategy.  We  suffer  by  it, 
however,  only  a  temporary  and  local  inconvenience,  not  at  all 
likely  to  work  any  serious  or  extensive  injury  to  the  national  cause. 
Abundant  provision  has  been  made  for  repairing  the  losses  sus- 
tained, and  recovering  the  little  ground  that  has  been  given  up. 

June  2,  1862.  —  My  despatches  of  last  week  gave  information  of 
the  surprise  and  capture  of  Colonel  Kenley's  small  force  at  Front 
Royal,  and  of  an  attack  by  Jackson  with  a  superior  force  upon 
General  Banks,  and  his  well-conducted  retreat  from  Winchester 
across  the  Potomac,  at  Williamsport.  I  mentioned  that  all  due 
preparations  had  been  made  to  retrieve  these  misfortunes,  and  that 
1  thought  they  would  be  followed  by  no  serious  results.  The  week 
which  began  so  inauspiciously  was  filled  with  events  indicative  of  a 
general  and  speedy  triumph  of  the  Union  armies. 

First.  Recruiting,  except  under  heavy  restrictions,  had  been 
suspended  for  some  months  by  order  of  the  government.  The  re- 
verses alluded  to  favored  a  removal  of  those  restrictions,  and  an 
order  for  renewal  of  enlistments,  with  a  view  to  reinforce  our  army 
in  Virginia  and  supply  the  waste  which  had  occurred  in  all  the 
armies.  The  country  responded  at  once,  with  even  greater  enthu- 
siasm than  a  year  ago.  This  is  a  tbircf  uprising  of  the  people  in 
behalf  of  the  Union,  inspired  by  confidence  in  the  administration 
and  in  the  land  and  naval  forces. 

General  Banks's  army,  which  was  reduced  to  six  thousand  men, 
and  so  unfortunately  put  hors  de  combat,  swelled  in  the  course  of 
the  week  to  twenty  thousand  men,  and  it  is  now,  in  its  turn,  pursu- 
ing the  enemy  who  had  driven  it  out  of  the  valley  of  Virginia. 
Large  forces  were  also  sent  into  the  valley  from  the  east,  the  south, 
and  the  west,  to  meet  the  retiring  insurgents,  and,  as  we  trust,  to 
bring  the  war  in  that  quarter  to  a  prompt  conclusion. 


60  DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

While  these  transactions  of  minor  importance  were  engaging  the 
most  careful  consideration  of  the  government,  the  attention  of  the 
nation,  and  of  the  world,  so  far  as  it  occupies  itself  with  our  affairs, 
was  all  the  time  fixed  upon  two  points,  Corinth  and  Richmond, 
where  battles  seemed  imminent,  which,  resulting  in  our  favor,  must 
be  decisive  of  the  painful  controversy.  The  insurgents,  demor- 
alized and  broken,  on  the  28th  day  of  last  month,  evacuated  the 
former  position  with  all  its  advantages  and  its  prestige,  and  thus 
the  war  in  the  Mississippi  valley  may  be  deemed  virtually  ended. 

During  the  early  part  of  the  week  General  McClellan  fought 
battles  and  won  advantages  at  Richmond  of  great  moment.  On 
Saturday  the  insurgents,  availing  themselves  of  a  severe  storm 
which,  flooding  the  valley  of  the  Chickahominy,  seemed  likely  to 
divide  our  forces,  attacked  our  left  on  the  south  side  of  that  river 
with  a  superior  force  and  caused  it  to  break,  with  some  loss  of 
ordnance  and  stores.  Reinforcements,  however,  were  soon  brought 
forward,  and  the  position  lost  was  regained.  The  two  armies 
bivouacked  on  the  field  at  night.  The  battle  was  renewed  the 
next  morning  with  the  result  of  a  repulse  of  the  insurgents  at  every 
point.  The  army  of  General  McClellan  will  be  rapidly  strengthened, 
although  it  is  already  deemed  adequate  to  the  capture  of  Richmond. 

A  wholesome  moral  sentiment  is  already  rapidly  revealing  itself 
in  the  insurrectionary  region.  It  shows  itself  somewhat  slowly 
indeed,  but  nevertheless  distinctly  at  Norfolk.  Regiments  for  the 
Federal  army  are  forming  in  North  Carolina. 

In  Arkansas,  Alabama,  and  Louisiana  there  are  unmistakable 
signs  of  returning  loyalty.  No  American  now  indulges  any  doubt 
that  the  integrity  of  the  Union  will  be  triumphantly  maintained. 

June  6,  1852.  —  During  the  past  week  General  Pope  has  cut  off 
the  railroads  on  which  Beauregard's  army  was  retreating  from 
Corinth,  and  has  made  captures  of  prisoners,  arms,  vehicles,  &c,  on 
a  scale  so  large  that  that  great  force  may  be  considered  as  no  longer 
existing.  With  these  successes  the  entire  commands  of  the  Missis- 
sippi  and  its  banks  must  by  this  time  have  been  abandoned  by  the 
insurgents. 

.Jackson,  with  the  forces  which  expelled  General  Banks  from  the 
valley  of  Virginia,  was  met  and  repulsed  at  Harper's  Ferry,  and  is 
now,  in  his  turn,  harassed  by  the  Union  forces  in  his  flight  from 
Northern  Virginia. 


DIAEY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE  WAR.  61 

A  fearful  battle  —  the  greatest  and  the  most  desperate  one  in  the 
whole  war  —  was  fought  at  Fair  Oaks,  seven  miles  in  front  of 
Richmond,  on  Saturday  and  Sunday  last  (  May  31  and  June  1). 
The  enemy  was  driven  at  all  points,  and  the  Federal  advance  now 
rests  within  four  miles  of  that  city.  A  final  combat  is  expected  to 
take  place  within  a  few  days.  I  forbear  to  speculate  upon  its 
probable  result  or  consequences,  since  certainty  must  so  soon  be 
developed. 

June  9,  1862.  —  You  will  receive  herewith  information  of  a  naval 
conflict  at  Memphis,  resulting  in  the  surrender  of  the  city  and  in 
the  restoration  of  the  national  commerce  throughout  the  whole 
navigable  courses  of  the  Mississippi  and  its  tributaries. 

Of  all  the  important  ports  and  towns,  only  Mobile,  Savannah, 
Charleston,  and  Richmond  remain  in  the  hands  of  the  insurgents. 
The  investment  of  the  three  former  is  going  on  successfully.  Floods 
have  swollen  the  Chickahominy,  which,  in  ordinary  seasons,  is  only 
a  few  yards  wide,  into  a  river  two  miles  in  breadth.  This  inunda- 
tion now  for  a  few  days  delays  the  operations  against  Richmond, 
but  they  will  be  prosecuted  with  vigor  as  soon  as  the  condition  of 
the  field  shall  permit. 

June  24,  1862.  —  "The  statesmen  of  France,  including  the  Em- 
peror, are  no  less  skeptical  about  the  restoration  of  the  Union  since 
the  capture  of  New  Orleans  than  they  were  before.  In  England 
they  still  point  to  the  delays  at  Richmond  and  Corinth,  and  they 
enlarge  upon  the  absence  of  displays  of  Union  feeling  in  New  Or- 
leans and  Norfolk."  Ah,  well !  skepticism  must  be  expected  in 
this  world  in  regard  to  new  political  systems,  insomuch  as  even 
Divine  revelation  needs  the  aid  of  miracles  to  make  converts  to  a 
new  religious  faith.  Corinth  had  already  fallen  on  the  very  day 
when  its  supposed  possession  by  the  insurgents  was  deemed  by  the 
British  public  a  ground  for  withholding  their  faith.  A  battle  had 
also  then  been  fought  at  Richmond,  which,  we  think,  was  prepara- 
tory to  the  surrender  or  evacuation  of  that  city.  Trade  has  actively 
begun  at  New  Orleans,  and  cotton  is  shipped  from  Memphis  to  New 
York.  Unbiased  observers  would  discern  no  sign  of  a  possible 
recovery  of  the  Mississippi  and  its  immediate  and  remote  tribu- 
taries by  the  insurgents.  Unbiased  thinkers  would  conclude  that 
the  authority  of  the  nation  whose  naval  and  merchant  marine  navi- 
gate every  river  in  the  United  States  would  not  long  be  denied  by 


62  DIAKY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR. 

the  people  living  on  their  borders,  especially  if  it  should  be  content 
with  defending  them  against  dangers,  carrying  their  mails,  and  dis- 
tributing among  them  rewards  and  honors,  while  it  left  them  in  the 
possession  of  rights  of  self-government  in  a  degree  elsewhere  un- 
known. 

June  27,  1862.  —  Our  military  and  naval  forces  at  Charleston 
were  kept  at  figures  only  necessary  to  aid  in  maintaining  the 
blockade  while  conflict  has  been  challenged  at  some  important 
strategic  points.  We  learn  that  our  generals,  perhaps  too  impul- 
sive, have,  without  instructions,  made  an  attack  and  have  been 
repulsed  at  Charleston.  While  the  affair  may  serve  to  encourage 
the  languishing  hopes  of  the  insurgents,  it  no  more  than  Jackson's 
late  raid  in  the  Shenandoah  valley  affects  the  actual  progress  of  the 
war.  The  operations  against  Richmond  continue  to  go  on  to  the 
satisfaction  of  the  military  department. 

June  30,  1862.  —  The  reports  from  the  army  near  Richmond 
concerning  the  events  of  the  past  few  days  are  somewhat  imperfect, 
owing  to  a  temporary  interruption  of  telegraphic  communication. 

General  McClellan,  at  the  commencement  of  his  operations  in  the 
vicinity  of  Richmond,  used  for  his  supplies  and  communications  the 
line  formed  by  the  York  and  Pamunkey  rivers,  and  the  railroad 
from  the  point  where  it  crosses  the  latter  stream  at  White  House 
to  his  camps  on  the  Chickahominy.  At  the  period  when  this  line 
was  adopted  the  James  River  had  not  yet  been  opened  by  our  gun- 
boats. 

In  carrying  out  his  plan  of  operations  against  Richmond,  General 
McClellan  has  been,  as  rapidly  as  practicable,  transferring  the 
greater  portion  of  his  force  to  the  south  side  of  the  Chickahominy. 
This,  on  the  one  hand,  left  his  line  of  communication  by  way  of  the 
White  House  more  or  less  exposed,  but,  on  the  other,  brought  him 
nearer  to  the  James  River,  and  enabled  him  to  open  a  new  line  of 
communication  there.  On  Thursday  and  Friday  of  last  week,  not 
unexpectedly  to  him,  the  enemy  assailed  the  force  which  still  occu- 
pied the  north  side  of  the  Chickahominy,  thus  precipitating  the 
movement  above  described  as  in  progress.  A  severe  engagement 
ensued,  with  considerable  loss  of  life,  but  little  or  none  of  material. 
He  succeeded,  however,  in  completing  the  transfer  of  his  troops  and 
supplies  to  the  south  side  of  the  Chickahominy  and  in  opening  com- 
munication with  our  fleet  on  James  River.    His  position  now,  there- 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  63 

fore,  as  compared  with  his  previous  one,  is  advanced  nearer  to 
Richmond,  and  covers  ground  hitherto  held  by  the  enemy,  and  he 
has  exchanged  one  main  line  of  communication  for  another. 

From  the  west  all  accounts  are  satisfactory.  The  power  of  the 
enemy  to  attempt  offensive  demonstrations  of  any  magnitude  is 
practically  destroyed.  The  fortifications  at  Vicksburg  are  the  only 
obstacles  remaining  to  our  complete  control  of  the  navigation  of  the 
Mississippi  River,  and  in  view  of  the  preparations  now  making  no 
doubt  is  entertained  of  their  early  reduction.  The  loyal  sentiment 
is  becoming  gradually  developed  in  the  regions  occupied  by  the 
troops  of  the  United  States. 

July  7,  1862.  —  I  fear  that  the  press,  speaking  as  it  does  under  the 
influence  of  a  hundred  various  forms  of  excitement  arising  out  of 
the  incidents  of  the  last  ten  days,  will  bewilder,  if  it  does  not  for 
the  moment  confound,  our  representatives  abroad. 

The  military  situation  is,  however,  clearly  intelligible,  and  ought 
to  be  satisfactory  to  the  cool  and  candid  judgment  of  the  country. 

From  the  Mississippi  we  learn  that,  after  a  long  and  vigorous 
bombardment  of  Vicksburg,  Commodore  Farragut  passed  the  batter- 
ies at  that  place  from  below,  and  joined  himself  to  the  fleet  which 
lay  above  it.  Thus  the  last  obstacle  of  the  navigation  of  the  Mis- 
sissippi has  been  overcome,  and  it  is  open  to  trade  once  more  under 
the  flag  of  the  Union  from  the  head  waters  of  its  tributaries  near  the 
lakes  and  Prince  Rupert's  Land  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico. 

White  River  and  the  Yazoo  have  been  cleared  of  all  hostile  arma- 
ments. We  have  a  rumor  that  Vicksburg  has  actually  been  taken. 
But  the  report  is  premature,  although  we  have  no  doubt  but  the 
capture  has,  before  this  time,  occurred. 

The  fleet  under  Commodore  Goldsborough  has  been  efficient  in 
seizing  and  bringing  into  port  many  British  vessels  carrying  contra- 
band, and  insured  at  Lloyd's  against  the  perils  of  the  blockade.  So 
that  it  may  be  expected  risks  of  this  kind  will  sensibly  diminish. 
On  the  coast  all  is  safe  and  well. 

In  the  west  General  Halleck  is  pushing  a  force  from  Corinth  east- 
ward without  any  show  of  organized  resistance  to  capture  Chatta- 
nooga and  close  the  only  remaining  railroad  communication  between 
Richmond  and  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi.  This  achievement  will 
effect  deliverance  of  eastern  Tennessee,  distinguished  for  its  loyalty, 
and  so  crown  the  pacification  of  the  whole  region  west  of  the  Alle- 


64  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR. 

ghany  mountains,  north  of  Georgia  and  Alabama,  and  south  of  the 
Ohio  River.  But  it  is  the  vicinity  of  Richmond  that  has  been  the 
scene  of  military  events  of  the  intensest  interest  during  the  last  two 
weeks,  and  it  is  that  quarter  that  now  chiefly  engages  the  attention 
of  the  government. 

Qeneral  McClellan 's  original  design  for  the  capture  of  Richmond 
embraced  a  march  up  the  peninsula  from  Fortress  Monroe  and 
Yorktown,  supported  by  naval  forces  on  both  the  York  and  the 
James  River.  The  sudden  appearance  of  the  Merrimack,  with  her 
terrible  power  of  mischief,  obliged  him  to  confine  his  march  to  the 
bank  of  the  York  River,  with  the  aid  of  a  fleet  in  that  river  alone. 
He  had,  then,  the  Chickahominy,  with  its  variable  flow,  and  its 
almost  impassable  swamps,  between  him  and  Richmond.  The 
Pamunkey,  the  chief  tributary  of  the  York,  afforded  hiin  navigation 
only  to  the  White  House,  where  he  held  his  forces,  twenty  miles 
from  Richmond,  without  any  other  cooperation  from  our  naval  force 
on  both  rivers  there  than  protection  they  afforded  to  his  rear.  A 
large  force  that  was  intended  to  be  auxiliary  to  the  army  of  the  Po- 
tomac was  retained  in  front  of  Washington,  necessarily,  as  it  was 
thought,  with  a  view  to  the  safety  of  the  capital  against  forces  sent 
to  menace  it  from  Richmond.  While  General  McClellan  was  thus 
obtaining  a  foothold  on  the  peninsula  north  of  the  Chickahominy, 
the  insurgents  succeeded  in  obstructing  the  James  River  a  distance 
of  seven  miles  below  Richmond,  and  in  constructing  fortifications  at 
Fort  Darling,  up  a  precipitous  elevation  on  the  south  bank  of  the 
James  River,  which  rendered  it  impossible  for  the  fleet  on  that  river 
to  remove  the  obstructions  without  the  aid  of  a  land  force  to  carry 
that  fort.  General  McClellan  was  steadily,  and,  as  it  seemed,  suc- 
cessfully, moving  his  army  across  the  Chickahominy  to  change  his 
base  to  the  James  River,  below  Fort  Darling,  on  Wednesday  last, 
when  the  insurgents  concentrated  large  forces  upon  what  was  yet 
the  front  of  the  moving  column,  and  a  series  of  battles  began  which 
filled  up  seven  successive  days,  at  the  end  of  which  the  general,  with 
his  army,  and  substantially  all  his  material,  had  reached  and  estab- 
lished himself  at  Harrison's  Bar,  upon  the  bank  of  the  James  River, 
in  full  cooperation  with  the  fleet  of  seventeen  gunboats,  while  the 
insurgents  have  not  one  man-of-war.  This  movement,  which  was  a 
meditated,  prepared  one,  undoubtedly  became  a  retreat  when  the 
enemy  pressed  upon  the  withdrawing  forces.     The  change  of  base 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  65 

involved  a  loss  of  communication  for  a  time  between  the  army  and 
the  government  and  the  country.  During  this  suspense,  which 
lasted  seven  days,  extravagant  reports  of  disasters  and  losses,  and 
the  wildest  alarm  for  even  the  safety  of  the  army  itself,  obtained 
currency,  and  oppressed  the  public  mind.  At  length  we  have  the 
results  so  far  as  they  affect  the  military  situation.  There  have  been 
immense  losses,  but  more  severe  on  the  part  of  the  insurgents  than 
on  that  of  the  Union.  The  efficiency  of  the  army  of  the  latter  is 
improved.  That  of  the  former,  it  is  believed,  is  even  more  reduced. 
Every  one  of  the  battles  was  a  repulse  of  the  insurgents,  and  the 
two  last,  which  closed  the  series,  were  decided  victories.  The  army 
of  the  Potomac  is  rapidly  receiving  reinforcements  from  several 
sources,  while  the  fleet  is  thought  already  equal  in  effect  to  an  ad- 
ditional army.  General  Pope,  having  taken  command  of  all  the 
troops  in  Virginia,  is  pushing  them  forward  from  the  north  to  cut 
off  the  railroad  communication  beyond  the  Rappahannock,  and 
threatens  them  on  the  approach  from  the  northwest.  Within  the 
next  thirty  days  our  navy,  already  large,  will  receive  an  augmenta- 
tion of  ten  new  iron-clad  vessels,  each  equal  to  the  Monitor.  At 
the  same  time  the  President,  upon  the  invitation  of  the  governors 
of  twenty  of  the  thirty-four  states,  has  called  out  three  hundred 
thousand  men,  a  force  amply  sufficient  to  save  all  that  has  been 
gained,  and  speedily  close  the  civil  strife. 

You  will  read  with  interest  and  admiration  General  McClellan's 
modest  conduct ;  his  firm  and  decisive  despatches  and  proclamation. 
The  government  and  popular  bodies  who  have  heretofore  been  so 
efficient  in  filling  up  the  armies  are  already  in  activity,  and  the 
prompt  success  of  the  call  is  deemed  assured.  The  destruction  of 
human  life  which  has  occurred  is  a  sad  and  painful  theme.  But  it 
brings  its  compensation  in  a  military  and  in  a  political  view,  as- 
pects in  which  it  is  now  our  stern  duty  to  contemplate  it.  The 
delusion  that  the  soldiers  of  the  Union  would  not  fight  for  it  with  as 
much  courage  and  resolution  as  its  enemies  will  fight  against  it,  has 
been  one  of  the  chief  elements  of  the  insurrection.  It  has  now  been 
effectually  dispelled. 

Secondly.     If,  as  fatalists  argue,  a  certain  quantity  of  human 
blood  must  flow  to  appease  the  dreadful  spirit  of  faction,  and  enable 
a  discontented  people  to  recover  its  calmness  and  its  reason,  it  may 
be  hoped  that  the  needful  sacrifice  has  now  been  made. 
5 


GQ  DIARY,   OR  NOTES  ON  THE  WAR. 

Thirdly.  If  the  representative  parties  had  now  to  choose  whether 
they  would  have  the  national  army  where  it  is  and  as  it  is,  or  back 
again  where  it  was  and  as  it  was,  it  is  not  to  be  doubted  that  the 
insurgents  would  prefer  to  it  the  position  and  condition  on  the  Pa- 
munkey,  and  the  friends  of  the  Union  the  one  now  attained  on  the 
bank  of  the  James. 

Fourthly.  The  insurgents  and  the  world  abroad  will  see  that 
the  virtue  of  the  people  is  adequate  to  the  responsibilities  which 
Providence  has  cast  upon  them. 

July  9,  1862.  —  Mr.  Stuart,1  in  a  very  courteous  manner,  verbally 
expressed  to  me  the  opinion  of  her  Majesty's  government,  that 
Major-General  Butler's  order  concerning  the  females  in  New  Orleans 
who  gave  offence  to  the  Union  soldiers  was  an  improper  one  in 
respect  to  the  expressions  employed  in  it,  whatever  constructions 
might  be  placed  upon  them,  and  their  hope,  therefore,  that  it  might 
be  disapproved. 

I  answered  him  that  we  must  ask  his  government,  in  reading  that 
proclamation,  to  adopt  a  rule  of  construction  which  the  British 
nation  had  elevated  to  the  dignity  of  a  principle  and  made  the 
motto  of  their  national  arms,  "  Honi  soit  qui  mal  y  pense."  That 
it  was  not  until  a  gross  construction  of  the  order,  was  brought  to  the 
knowledge  of  this  government  that  we  saw  that  the  proclamation 
contained  un  double  entendre.  That  gross  meaning  the  government 
of  course  rejected,  and  it  regretted  that  in  the  haste  of  composition 
a  phraseology  which  could  be  mistaken  or  perverted  had  been  used. 
I  was  happy,  however,  to  inform  him  that  all  sensibility  about  the 
order  seemed  to  have  passed  away,  and  no  complaints  were  now 
heard  of  any  impropriety  of  conduct  on  the  part  of  the  ladies  of 
New  Orleans.  I  explained  also  to  Mr.  Stuart  the  ground  of  the 
sensibility  of  our  army  to  female  discourtesy.  Our  soldiers  are 
mainly  young  American  citizens  of  education  and  respectability. 
Chivalrous  respect  to  the  sex  is  a  national  sentiment.  Hitherto  it 
has  been  met  by  gentle  and  respectful  courtesy  by  those  to  whom 
the  homage  is  so  properly  paid.  It  has  not  been  expected  that  dis- 
loyalty to  the  common  government  of  both  parties  would  be  regarded 
as  a  plea  for  a  change  of  national  manners.  Happily  all  classes  of 
citizens  easily  learn  to  meet  the  changes  which  this  unhappy  civil 
war  brings  upon  U3. 

*  Of  the  Britiah  Legation.    Lord  Falmerston  called  Mr.  Adams'  attention  to  the  same  subject. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   OK   THE   WAR.  67 

July  12,  1862.  —  We  have  carefully  ascertained  the  character 
and  the  results  of  the  recent  battles  before  Richmond,  and  have 
considered  and  adopted  such  measures  as  the  new  exigencies  have 
seemed  to  us  to  require.  What  I  have  before  written  to  you  ,is  in 
the  main  confirmed.  The  seven  days'  battles  were  accepted  by  our 
army  upon  a  compulsory  change  of  base.  Our  losses  were  large, 
but  much  less  than  the  first  reports  represented.  They  amount  to 
about  12,000  men.  The  losses  of  the  insurgents  were  greater. 
Each  battle  was,  in  fact,  a  victory  of  our  army,  although  the  flank 
movement  from  the  field  towards  the  new  base  gave  the  whole 
series  the  character  of  a  retreat.  The  result  is  that  the  new  base  is 
a  safer  one,  and  the  new  position  an  impregnable  one.  The  Federal 
army,  with  General  McClellan,  now  thus  safely  lodged  on  the  north 
bank  of  the  James  River,  twenty-five  miles  below  Richmond,  num- 
bers eighty  thousand  to  ninety  thousand,  and  a  force  which  is  not 
very  much  disproportioned  to  the  insurrectionary  army  which  occu- 
pies that  city.  The  Federal  army,  however,  has  the  cooperation  of 
a  very  large  naval  force.  The  Federal  army  in  front  of  this  city, 
adding  those  which  will  probably  be  consolidated  with  it,  is  nearly 
equal  in  numbers.  This  last  force  is  now  under  command  of  Major- 
General  Pope,  who  has  achieved  great  successes  in  the  western 
states,  and  is  esteemed  an  officer  of  great  ability.  A  general  mili- 
tary command  over  all  the  land  forces  of  the  United  States  will  be 
given  to  Major-General  Halleck,  who  will  come  from  the  western 
department  to  this  capital. 

July  28,  1862.  —  Our  assault  upon  Richmond  is  for  the  moment 
suspended.  No  great  and  striking  movements  or  achievements  are 
occurring,  and  the  government  is  rather  preparing  its  energies  for 
renewed  operations  than  continuing  to  surprise  the  world  with  new 
and  brilliant  victories.  The  tone  of  the  insurgents  has  been  sud- 
denly emboldened,  while  recent  expressions  of  grief  and  sorrow, 
which  naturally  and  justly  follow  battles  attended  by  great  losses 
of  cherished  lives,  for  the  moment  have  seemed  to  indicate  that  the 
friends  of  the  Union  are  less  resolute  and  hopeful  than  heretofore. 
Cotton,  the  great  want  of  Europe,  has  not  flowed  out  of  the  ports 
which  we  have  opened  as  freely  as  was  unreasonably  expected  by 
the  manufacturers,  and  their  disappointment  seems  ripening  into 
despondency. 

It  is  not  upon  isolated  events,  much  less  upon  transitory  popular 


68  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

impulses,  that  governments  are  expected  to  build   their  policies  in 
regard  to  foreign  countries. 

August  8,  18G2.  —  At  no  former  period  of  our  history  have  our 
agricultural,  manufacturing,  or  mining  interests  been  more  pros- 
perous than  at  this  juncture.  This  fact  may  be  deemed  surprising 
in  view  of  the  enhanced  price  for  labor,  occasioned  by  the  demand 
for  the  rank  and  file  of  the  armies  of  the  United  States.  It  may, 
therefore,  be  confidently  asserted  that,  even  now,  nowhere  else  can 
the  industrious  laboring  man  and  artisan  expect  so  liberal  a  recom- 
pense for  his  services  as  in  the  United  States. 

August  13,  1862.  —  We  are  at  the  present  moment  in  a  state  of 
Uncertainty  in  relation  to  the  renewal  of  military  operations.     Ex- 
aggeration of  the  forces  of  the   insurgents   and   depreciation  of  our 
own  have  been  the  busy  occupation  of  too  many  among  us  since  the 
disappointment   of  our  expectations   at    Richmond.     It    was    una- 
voidable, because  it  is  natural  for  men,  and  especially  for  masses,  to 
be  disturbed  and  demoralized,  at  least  for  a  time,  by  the  failure  of 
sanguine  expectations.     You  are  entitled,  however,  to  the  informa- 
tion that  in  my  opinion  our  forces  in    the   field,  although   not  dem- 
onstrative, are  adequate  to  the  task  of  holding  the  vast  territories 
we  have  recovered.     The  new  volunteers,  300,000  in  number,  are 
beginning  to  move  to-day  for  the  places  of  rendezvous  to  reinforce 
the  army  in  the  field,  and  forty  days  will  suffice  to  bring  forward 
also  the  300,000  militia  which  have  been  called  for  by  the  President. 
Within   the  same   time   our  naval  preparations  will  begin  to  show 
important  results.     Much,  however,  is  dependent  on  the  military 
operations  of  the  hour,  while  the  preparations   for  a  vigorous  cam- 
paign are  going  forward.     It  is  impossible  to  speculate  with  confi- 
dence on  the  chances  of  the  Avar  movements  which  are  taking  place 
to-day.     The  construction  of  iron-clad  ships  is  going  on,  on  a  scale 
and  with  a  vigor  that  promises  as  complete  a  naval  defence  as  any 
other  nation  possesses. 

Whet]  I  have  told  you  of  our  large  preparations,  I  have  told  you 
all  that  is  important  to  be  known,  except  that  General  Hal  leek 
evinces  great  skill,  activity,  and  grasp,  in  reorganizing  our  forces  for 
renewing  military  operations.  Richmond  is  at  this  moment  the 
centre  of  our  anxieties.  Our  plans  for  operations  against  it  are  not 
so  settled  and  decisive  as  to  allow  me  to  communicate  them,  for  the 
reason  that  they  may  be  modified  by  discoveries  of  the  plans  of  the 


DTARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  69 

insurgents.  General  Pope  had  on  Saturday,  the  9th,  a  successful 
engagement  with  a  portion  of  the  insurgent  army.  There  is  every 
reason  to  expect  important  military  occurrences,  and,  perhaps,  a  de- 
velopment of  the  plan  for  a  new  campaign  before  the  departure  of 
the  next  steamer. 

All  that  can  be  said  now  is,  that  the  popular  spirit  is  sound,  and 
we  expect  that  the  tone  of  public  confidence  will  be  highly  improved 
as  the  new  levies,  now  moving  from  their  homes,  reach  and  join  and 
reinforce    the  apparently  sedentary  forces  in  their  camps. 

August  15,  1862.  —  This  government,  when  it  considers  the  mili- 
tary and  naval  forces  that  it  has  at  its  control,  the  success  that  it 
has  achieved  already  in  the  present  unhappy  civil  war,  and  the 
favorable  prospects  of  the  campaign  which  it  is  now  preparing,  is 
not  disposed  to  be  disturbed  by  apprehensions  of  interference  by 
foreign  powers.  Doing  all  that  it  ought  and  can  to  preserve  peace 
with  foreign  nations,  it  will  not  suffer  itself  to  be  alarmed  by  fears 
of  wrong  on  their  part,  whether  victory  continually  attends  our 
arms,  or  at  times  manifests  its  habitual  caprice. 

August  18,  1862.  —  General  Halleck,  upon  taking  command  of 
the  army,  made  a  careful  survey  of  the  entire  military  position,  and 
concluded  thereupon  to  withdraw  the  army  of  the  Potomac  from 
the  Peninsula,  and  to  combine  all  our  forces  in  front  of  Richmond. 
The  measure  was  a  difficult  and  delicate  one.  It  is  believed  to  have 
been  substantially  accomplished  without  any  casualty.  Our  new 
levies  are  coming  in  in  great  numbers  and  in  fine  spirits.  The 
gloom  has  passed  away  from  the  public  mind.  Although  our  ar- 
rangements for  resuming  offensive  operations  are  yet  incomplete, 
we  have  much  confidence  in  being  able  to  do  so  speedily  and  with 
decisive  effect. 

The  disturbed  condition  of  affairs  in  New  Orleans  is  giving  way 
slowly,  and  commerce  is  reviving  there. 

Discontents,  which  naturally  enough  found  utterance  in  the  loyal 
states  in  a  brief  season  of  despondency  through  which  we  have 
passed,  have  died  away  already,  and  with  them  the  apprehensions 
of  organizations  to  embarrass  the  Union.  It  is  represented  to  us 
that  the  popular  determination  to  maintain  the  war  has  at  no  time 
been  ns  unanimous  and  as  earnest  as  it  is  now. 

August  23,  1862.  —  The  tide  of  military  success  which  had  been 
so  strong,  and  had  continued  in  our  favor  so  long,  was  checked  at 
Richmond,  by  what  has  practically  proved  a  drawn  battle. 


70  DIAEY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

The  country  for  a  time,  unaccustomed  to  reverses,  seemed  at  first 
to  be  confounded  by  their  disappointment.  Disputes  about  respon- 
sibilities for  the  failure,  apprehensions,  multifarious  and  passionate 
counsels,  succeeded,  encouraging  the  insurgents  and  their  agents 
and  sympathizers  abroad.  The  period  that  has  intervened  since 
that  event  has  been  marked  by  few  exciting  or  striking  events. 
Guerilla  bands  have  been  emboldened,  but  have  not  effected  any 
material  change  in  the  military  position.  The  fall  of  the  Missis- 
sippi has  obliged  the  sea-going  part  of  our  fleet  that  was  engaged 
at  Vicksburg  to  fall  down  the  river,  and  owing  to  the  same  cause 
the  canal  that  had  been  made  to  divert  the  stream  has  not  yet 
proved  effective.  The  assault  upon  Vicksburg  has,  therefore,  been 
temporarily  suspended.  A  combined  land  and  naval  attack  by  the 
insurgents  upon  Baton  Rouge  has  been  successfully  resisted.  The 
casualties  of  the  service  insensibly  reduced  our  armies  so  much  that, 
after  the  battles  before  Richmond,  we  found  ourselves  obliged  to  let 
them  remain  comparatively  inactive.  The  period  of  inactivity  has, 
nevertheless,  been  well  improved.  The  President,  early  in  July, 
called  for  six  hundred  thousand  troops.  The  country  has  responded 
with  earnestness  and  alacrity.  The  new  levies  began  to  enter  into 
the  field  a  week  ago.  During  that  period  about  thirty  thousand  of 
them  have  joined  the  different  armies,  and  the  increase  is  now  going 
on,  and  will  continue,  at  the  rate  of  five  thousand  or  more  daily. 
The  army  of  the  Potomac  became  divided  in  the  battles  before 
Richmond.  The  large  body  under  the  command  of  General  Mc- 
Clellan  has  rested  on  the  banks  of  the  James  River,  unable  to  renew 
the  attack  without  reinforcements,  while  the  small  body  under 
General  Pope  was  not  deemed  competent  to  march  southward,  and 
it  was  even  doubtful  whether  it  would  be  strong  enough  to  protect 
this  capital  if  the  insurgents  should  abandon  Richmond.  General 
Halleck,  the  new  commander  of  all  the  forces,  therefore,  de- 
termined to  withdraw  General  McClellan's  army  from  the  James 
River,  and  to  combine  it  with  Pope's  on  the  line  of  the  Rappahan- 
nock, and  in  front  of  Richmond.  The  operation  was  one  of  ad- 
mitted delicacy  and  difficulty.  It  is  not  yet  fully  completed.  The 
first  part  of  it  has  been  accomplished  with  consummate  ability  and 
entire  success.  The  whole  of  General  McClellan's  forces  —  100,000 
strong  —  have  evacuated  their  position  on  the  James  River,  and  are 
now  on  their  way  to  the  new  front  on  the  Rappahannock.     "Whether 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  71 

the  junction  shall  be  successfully  effected  is  the  question  which 
remains  undecided,  bat  which  will  be  solved  probably  before  this 
despatch  will  have  left  the  Department. 

Our  condition  may  be  summed  up  in  the  few  words,  that  we  are 
reorganizing  and  preparing  for  a  new  campaign,  which  we  believe 
will  be  successful,  and  which,  we  trust,  will  close  the  war,  with  the 
return  of  the  authority  of  the  Federal  Union.    • 

Rumors  of  intrigues  abroad  for  foreign  intervention  or  mediation 
reach  the  government  continually,  but  they  do  not  at  present  pro- 
duce any  real  uneasiness. 

August  23,  1862.  —  It  is  a  day  of  uncertainty  and  suspense,  but 
not  altogether  unmingled  with  apprehension.  General  McClellan 
has  safely  retired  his  great  army  from  the  James  River,  and  is  rap- 
idly moving  it  around  to  reinforce  the  small  force  with  which  Gen- 
eral Pope  is  holding  the  Rappahannock,  midway  between  this  capi- 
tal and  Richmond.  The  insurgents  have  brought  their  main  force 
from  Richmond  up  to  confront  General  Pope,  with  a  purpose  of 
attacking  him  before  he  can  be  joined  b}?  General  McClellan  and 
by  the  new  levies  now  coming  into  the  field.  The  telegraph  reports 
skirmishes,  but  as  yet  no  battle.  The  question  is,  or  seems  to  be, 
which  side  can  practise  superior  energy  and  despatch. 

You  will  read  of  guerrilla  demonstrations  and  partial  successes  in 
the  west.  But  the  disturbers  will  find  themselves  obliged  to  en- 
counter the  volunteers  now  pouring  into  that  region  from  the  loyal 
western  States,  and  it  may  be  expected  that  the  Union  arms  will 
again  be  everywhere  assuming  the  offensive  within  the  coming 
month.  Our  naval  force  has  destroyed  all  the  insurgents'  iron-clad 
vessels  which  have  thus  far  appeared,  and  have  just  now  been  aug- 
mented by  the  addition  of  the  Ironsides. 

September  6,  1862.  —  Recruiting  here  is  now  very  rapid,  and 
there  is  likely  to  be  no  deficiency  of  volunteers  which  will  not  be 
supplied  by  a  light  draft,  or  if  the  time  be  extended  the  army  will 
be  filled  with  volunteers  without  draft.  At  the  same  time  it  is  ver}' 
manifest  that  labor  has  advanced  and  is  advancing  in  price,  and 
there  was  never  before  a  time  when  this  country  presented  so  great 
inducements  to  emigrants. 

Our  two  armies  in  Virginia,  which  were  so  long  and  so  unfor- 
tunately separated,  have  been  brought  together  at  last  in  front  of 
this  capital,  but  not  without  a  loss  of  some  six  thousand  or  eight 


72  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

thousand  men,  and,  for  the  moment,  the  gathering  of  the  insurrec- 
tionary forces  on  the  Virginia  side  of  the  Potomac,  seeming  to 
threaten  Maryland  and  even  Pennsylvania. 

September  8,  1862.  —  You  will  have  learned,  before  this  despatch 
shall  reach  you,  that  our  late  campaign  in  Virginia  has  failed  ;  that 
the  insurgent  forces,  escaping  our  armies,  have  returned  to  the  oc- 
cupation of  northern  Virginia;  and  have  even  crossed  the  upper 
Potomac  and  taken  up  a  position  at  Frederick,  in  Maryland,  where 
they  seem  to  be  threatening  alike  Washington,  Baltimore,  and  Har- 
risburg.  In  a  correspondence  like  this,  which,  however  confidential 
in  its  character,  still  wears  an  aspect  of  being  addressed  to  foreign 
governments,  it  would  be  indiscreet  and  injudicious  to  attempt  to 
explain  the  causes  of  this  very  serious  reverse.  I  must  be  content, 
therefore,  with  saying  that  it  seems  to  have  resulted  from  the  fact 
that  our  two  reunited  armies  in  Virginia  were  only  partially  com- 
bined and  not  at  all  consolidated.  There  has  been,  at  least,  mili- 
tary error  somewhere,  and  an  inquiry  has  been  instituted  to  ascer- 
tain where  it  lies,  and  with  whom  the  responsibility  for  the  reverse 
belongs. 

Our  information  from  the  west  is  that  the  insurgents  are  equally 
bold  and  adventurous  in  that  quarter,  and  that  although  no  great 
disaster  has  occurred  there,  new  energies  of  the  government  are 
necessary  to  save  the  states  of  Tennessee  and  Kentucky  for  the 
Union,  if  not  to  prevent  inroads  into  Ohio. 

It  is  not  deemed  necessary  or  even  practicable,  in  an  emergency 
where  every  hour  may  bring  reasons  for  changes  of  measures  before 
adopted,  to  attempt  to  give  you  a  programme  of  intended  military 
operations.  I  confine  myself,  therefore,  to  the  statement,  in  general 
terms,  that  our  armies  in  Virginia  are  at  last  fully  consolidated,  and 
that  they  are  already  in  the  positions  deemed  most  advantageous  for 
the  restoration  of  the  fortunes  of  the  war.  The  same  is  true  of  our 
forces  elsewhere.  The  three  hundred  thousand  volunteers  called 
for  by  the.  President  have  already  been  mustered  in  the  service,  and 
near  half  of  them  are  in  the  field.  Recruiting  still  goes  on  with  the 
utmost  spirit,  and  a  considerable  portion  of  the  three  hundred  thou- 
sand men  expected  to  be  raised  by  draft  are  already  coming  forward 
as  volunteers.  The  draft  will  fill  up  the  complement  without  great 
delay.  Nowhere,  either  on  the  part  of  the  army  or  of  the  people, 
does  there  appear  the  least  sign  of  indecision  or  of  despondency, 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  73 

although,  of  course,  the  country  is,  for  the  moment,  filled  with  deep 
anxiety. 

We  hear,  officially  and  unofficially,  of  great  naval  preparations 
which  are  on  foot  in  British  and  other  foreign  ports,  under  coyer  of 
neutrality,  to  give  to  the  insurgents  a  naval  force.  Among  these 
reports  is  one  that  a  naval  armament  is  fitting  out  in  England  to  lay 
New  York  under  contribution.  I  think  that  the  vigor  of  our  naval 
department  in  building  a  navy  upon  a  sudden  emergency  can  hardly 
be  surpassed  ;  nevertheless,  its  progress  seems  slow  to  us,  under  the 
circumstances.  In  addition  to  the  Monitor  and  other  iron  vessels, 
already  known  to  you,  we  have  the  Ironsides  now  ready  for  duty, 
and  a  new  Monitor  is  expected  to  be  put  into  service  within  the 
next  ten  days.  Others  will  soon  follow,  and  we  are  doing  what  we 
can  to  be  prepared  for  every  possible  adverse  contingency  that  can 
affect  the  situation  of  the  country  either  at  home  or  abroad.  We 
cannot  but  regret  that  the  course  of  administration  in  Great  Britain 
is  such  as  to  render  our  relations  with  that  country  a  source  of  con- 
stant and  serious  apprehension.  But  it  is  not  perceived  here  what 
more  can  be  done  than  we  are  doing  to  preserve  an  international 
peace,  which,  perhaps,  cannot  be  sufficiently  valued  until,  without 
fault  on  our  part,  it  shall  have  been  broken. 

September  13,  1862. —  Military  affairs  here  have  taken  an  un- 
favorable direction  during  the  last  three  weeks.  The  army  of  the 
Potomac,  which  was  in  command  of  General  McClellan,  having 
evacuated  its  position  on  the  James  River,  reached  the  Potomac,  near 
Alexandria,  unpursued  and  in  safety.  The  army  of  Virginia,  under 
General  Pope,  which  was  advanced  to  the  Rappahannock,  through 
some  mistake  on  his  part  was  flanked  by  the  insurgents  in  large 
force,  and  retired  to  Manassas.  Here  it  became  involved  in  a  series 
of  severe  engagements,  in  which  it  was  not  supported  by  the  army 
of  the  Potomac,  as  it  is  supposed  it  might  have  been.  Both  armies, 
thereupon,  returned  to  this  city.  An  inquiry  has  been  instituted  to 
ascertain  where  the  responsibility  for  these  unnecessary  reverses  be- 
longs. In  the  mean  time  the  insurgents,  executing  a  long-cherished 
design,  advanced  on  the  south  side  of  the  upper  Potomac,  which  at 
this  season  is  fordable  at  many  places,  and,  crossing  it  at  and  above 
Edward's  Ferry,  occupied  Frederick.  When  there,  menacing  equally 
Washington,  Baltimore,  and  Hariisburg,  in  Pennsylvania,  they  put 
forth  an  appeal,  on  Wednesday  last,  to  the  people  of  Maryland  to 


74  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON    THE   WAR. 

rise  and  join  the  insurrection.  Our  troops  having  recovered  from  a 
temporary  disorganization,  an  army  was  immediately  organized  and 
despatched,  under  General  McClellan,  to  meet  the  insurgents  at 
Frederick.  The  last  information  we  have  is  that  they  have  prompt- 
ly evacuated  Frederick  and  advanced  westward  to  Hagerstown. 
This  retreat  is  supposed  to  indicate  an  abandonment  of  any  designs 
to  strike  Baltimore  or  to  advance  on  the  north  side  of  the  river  to 
the  Potomac,  while  it  still  leaves  them  a  choice  of  entering  Penn- 
sylvania or  of  recrossing  into  Virginia  at  or  above  Harper's  Ferry. 

Acting  upon  the  same  general  aggressive  policy,  the  insurgents 
are  advancing  towards  and  threatening  Cincinnati.  These  bold 
movements  very  naturally  produce  much  excitement  and  considera- 
ble alarm.  On  the  other  hand,  the  armies  of  the  Union  are  receiv- 
ing immense  reinforcements,  and  our  military  authorities  express 
much  confidence  in  their  ability  to  retrieve  the  losses  sustained  and 
prosecute  a  vigorous  and  decisive  campaign.  Although  cheerfully 
indulging  these  expectations,  I  do  not  think  it  profitable  to  dwell 
upon  them. 

I  might  give  you  more  details  of  the  military  position,  but  it  is 
likely  to  change  any  day.  Our  forces  are  being  largely  augmented, 
and  our  generals  are  confident  of  their  ability  to  retrieve  our  losses 
and  restore  the  former  fortunes  of  the  war.  While  the  government 
indulges  this  expectation  we  must  abide  by  results,  and  news  of 
these  will  probably  reach  you  sooner  than  this  despatch. 

Just  at  the  moment  when  the  mail  is  about  to  close  authentic  in- 
formation reaches  the  government  that  the  insurgent  forces  which 
have  been  approaching  and  menacing  Cincinnati  and  Louisville  have 
receded,  and  are  retreating  in  Kentucky.  The  alarm  in  that  quar- 
ter has  passed. 

The  insurgent  army,  which  has  been  threatening  Washington,  Bal- 
timore, and  Pennsylvania,  evacuated  Frederick  on  the  12th  instant. 
I  now  give  you  a  despatch  which  has  just  been  received  from  Major 
General  McClellan,  which  shows  the  position  of  the  two  armies  at 
the  present  moment. 

September  15,1862. —  Yesterday  we  had  information  that  the 
insurgents  in  the  west  had  receded  and  were  retreating  without 
waiting  to  confront  the  forces  prepared  to  receive  them,  and 
to-day  we  have  General  McClellan's  report  of  a  decisive  battle 
fought  by  him  with  the  insurgent  army   in  Maryland,    with  the 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  75 

results  of  their  retreat  and  flight,  panic  stricken  and  demoralized. 1 
It  is  especially  cheering  to  know  that  the  new  volunteers  which  had 
been  incorporated  into  McClellan's  army  without  having  previously 
been  under  fire,  and  without  even  having  been  at  all  drilled,  disci- 
plined or  exercised,  exhibited  a  perfect  courage  and  steadiness  in  the 
conflict.  The  nation  will  acquire  new  courage,  and  its  persevering 
resolution  to  preserve  its  integrity' will  be  fortified  by  this  great  and 
auspicious  victory. 

Since  my  previous  despatches  were  put  into  the  mail  General  Mc- 
Clellan  reports  that  the  battle  yesterday  mentioned  in  his  telegram 
proves  to  have  been  a  complete  victory.  The  enemy  was  routed, 
and  he  fled  during  the  night.     McClellan  is  in  pursuit. 

A  report  recently  received  from  General  Shepley,  Governor  of 
Louisiana,  shows  the  entire  freedom  of  the  cotton  market  in  New 
Orleans. 

September  16,  1862.  —  At  the  time  when  your  application  was 
received  here  the  efficiency  of  our  armies  had  been  impaired  in  a  vig- 
orous though  eminently  successful  campaign.  It  soon  became  prob- 
able, and  more  lately  it  unhappily  was  proved,  that  we  must  fail 
in  the  pending  movement  upon  Richmond.  Such  a  disappointment 
was  not  unlikely  to  be  followed  by  positive  disasters,  the  extent  of 
which  could  not  be  foreseen.  That  failure  was  sure  to  encourage 
the  emissaries  of  insurrection  in  Europe,  and  the  public  mind  too 
readily  yielded  to  apprehensions  of  intervention  in  some  form 
which  must  increase  the  national  embarrassment.  Under  these  cir- 
cumstances, popular  remedies  were  suggested  and  urged  upon  the 
President.  Chief  among  them  was  some  sort  of  Executive  mani- 
festo or  declaration  of  a  determination  to  make  the  war  more  ener- 
getic, severe,  sanguinary,  and  destructive  in  the  insurgent  States. 
At  the  same  moment  a  change  long  clamored  for  in  the  insurgent 
councils  was  adopted  there,  namely,  that  of  withdrawing  their  arm- 
ies from  their  own  region,  and  rapidly  throwing  them  forward  upon 
not  this  capital  alone,  but  the  loyal  States  of  Maryland,  Ohio,  and 
Pennsylvania.  For  the  moment  the  war  on  our  part,  which  had 
until  now  been  an  aggressive  one,  was  to  be  one  of  defence,  attended 
with  all  the  alarms  and  apparent  if  not  real  dangers  of  invasion. 

The  President,  in  this  emergency,  decided  to  bring  together  the 
armies  of  the  Potomac  and  Virginia,  and  consolidate  them  on  some 

1  At  Aatietam. 


76  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE    WAR. 

line  in  that  state  between  this  capital  and  Richmond ;  to  reinforce 
and  augment  not  only  that  consolidated  army  but  also  all  the  other 
forces  at  his  command  with  six  hundred  thousand  men,  to  be  raised 
as  \  r.lunteers,  with  a  draft,  if  necessary,  and  be  thus  prepared  to  meet 
and,  with  promptness  and  without  display  of  words,  to  roll  back  the 
tide  of  invasion  and  complete  the  war  by  a  vigorous  campaign  on  the 
(•ousts,  on  the  Mississippi,  and  through  the  mountain  passes  of  east- 
ern Tennessee. 

The  disasters  which  were  threatened  in  Virginia  actually  occurred. 
The  insurgents  drove  the  army  of  Virginia  back  upon  the  line  of 
fortiiications  and  the  capital,  but  not  without  losses  probably  equal 
to  our  own.  They  then  advanced  from  Manassas  to  the  fordable 
passes  of  the  Potomac,  crossed  that  river  and  entered  Frederick,  and 
invited  Maryland  to  rise  up  and  join  the  treasonable  confederacy. 
There  they  threatened  equally  Washington,  Baltimore  and  Pennsyl- 
vania. In  like  manner  they  gathered  forces  in  Kentucky,  in  the 
rear  of  the  army  of  General  Buell,  who  was  investing  Chattanooga, 
and  advanced  towards  the  Ohio  River,  thus  threatening  the  loyal 
States  of  Ohio  and  Indiana,  which  lie  on  the  north  bank  of  that 
river.  The  insurrectionary  congress  recently  assembled  approved 
these  iiggressive  movements,  and  solemnly  proclaimed  a  purpose  to 
carry  the  war  into  the. loyal  states  and  inflict  upon  them,  with 
increased  severity,  all  the  rigors  of  desolating   warfare. 

Under  such  changed  circumstances,  which  could  not  have  been 
foreseen,  when  you  applied  for  leave  of  absence,  the  President 
thought  the  national  interests  required  the  watchful  care  of  all  our 
trusted  representatives  in  Europe,  and  he  thought  it  might  be  es- 
pecially unfortunate  if  the  mission  at  St.  Petersburg  were  left  with- 
out the  presence  of  a  Minister  of  the  highest  grade  and  authority 
known  in  the  diplomatic  service.  Hence  his  reluctance  to  accede  to 
your  wishes.  It  is  now  hoped  that  your  absence  will  not  be  produc- 
tive of  injury  to  the  public  service. 

Having  thus  related  the  military  events  culminating  in  the  inva- 
sion of  the  loyal  states,  it  is  only  just  that  I  should  bring  the  narra- 
tion down  to  this  point.  The  volunteers  are  coming  in  as  freely  as 
was  expected.  More  than  seventy  thousand  have  reached  this  city  ; 
ten  thousand  or  more  are  in  Baltimore  and  its  vicinity.  Sixty 
thousand  have  joined  the  army  of  the  west,  and  the  whole  proposed 
augmentation  will  be  rapidly  effected.     The  insurgents  have  receded 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  77 

and  are  retiring  from  their  late  advance  towards  the  Ohio.  General 
McClellan  has  just  met  the  invaders  of  Maryland  and  driven  them 
back  towards  the  Potomac.  The  loyalty  of  Maryland  has  not  been 
disturbed,  and  Pennsylvania  is  freed  from  the  apprehensions  of 
danger.  With  steadiness  of  purpose,  prudence  in  council,  and  activ- 
ity and  energy  of  execution  on  the  part  of  our  commanders,  great 
advantages  may  be  derived  from  recent  misfortunes,  and  the  reck- 
lessness of  the  insurgents  may  result  in  the  speedy  ruin  of  their 
always  desperate  cause. 

September  19,  1862.  —  On  the  6th  instant  Robert  E.  Lee,  claim- 
ing to  be  general  commanding  all  the  insurgent  armies,  startled  the 
country  by  appearing  in  Fredericktown  with  a  force,  as  he  alleged, 
of  two  hundred  thousand  men.  He  immediately  proclaimed  deliv- 
erance to  the  people  of  Maryland,  and  invited  them  to  join  the 
treasonable  confederacy  which  he  served.  To-day  without  having 
gained  a  hundred  adherents  in  the  state,  and  after  being  defeated 
in  two  pitched  battles,  he  is  recrossing,  under  the  fire  of  the  Federal 
troops,  into  Virginia.  This  result  is  indicative  of  the  moral  sound- 
ness of  the  Union  cause,  as  well  as  of  the  physical  strength  which  it 
commands.  . 

September  19,  1862.  —  Your  despatch  in  which  you  [Mr.  Day- 
ton] express  so  much  confidence  in  the  stability  of  the  Union,  has 
arrived  just  at  the  moment  when  General  McClellan  is  driving  the 
combined  insurgent  armies  from  the  Maryland  bank  of  the  Potomac 
back  into  Virginia.  A  republican  education  has,  indeed,  made  all 
of  us  politicians ;  but  it  must  now  be  confessed  that  the  same  edu- 
cation has  also  made  us  soldiers,  as  cheerful  to  fight  the  battles  of 
our  country  as  we  are  bold  to  discuss  its  affairs.  I  think  no  nation 
has  ever  exhibited  such  voluntary  armies. 

September  22,  1862.  —  The  aggressive  movement  of  the  insur- 
gents against  the  loyal  states  is  arrested,  and  the  renewed  and  rein- 
vigorated  forces  of  the  Union  are  again  prepared  for  a  new  and 
comprehensive  campaign.  The  financial  strength  of  the  insurrec- 
tion is  rapidly  declining,  and  its  ability  to  bring  soldiers  into  the 
field  has  been  already  taxed  to  its  utmost.  On  the  other  hand,  the 
fiscal  condition  of  the  country  is  sound,  and  the  response  to  the  calls 
for  new  levies  is  being  made  promptly,  without  drawing  seriously 
upon  the  physical  strength  of  the  people. 


78  DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

It  has  never  been  expected  by  the  President  that  the  insurgents 
should  protract  this  war  until  it  should  exhaust  not  only  themselves 
but  the  loyal  states,  and  bring  foreign  armies  or  navies  into  the 
conflict,  and  still  be  allowed  to  retain  in  bondage,  with  the  consent 
of  this  government,  the  slaves  who  constitute  the  laboring  and  pro- 
ducing masses  of  the  insurrectionary  states.  At  the  same  time, 
the  emancipation  of  the  slaves  could  be  effected  only  by  executive 
authority,  and  on  the  ground  of  military  necessity.  As  a  pre- 
liminary to  the  exercise  of  that  great  power,  the  President  must 
have  not  only  the  exigency,  but  the  general  consent  of  the  loyal 
people  of  the  Union  in  the  border  slave  states  where  the  war  was 
raging,  as  well  as  in  the  free  states  which  have  escaped  the  scourge, 
which  could  only  be  obtained  through  a  clear  conviction  on  their 
part  that  the  military  exigency  had  actually  occurred.  It  is  thus 
seen  that  what  has  been  discussed  so  earnestly  at  home  and  abroad 
as  a  question  of  morals  or  of  humanity  has  all  the  while  been  prac- 
tically only  a  military  question,  depending  on  time  and  circum- 
stances. The  order  for  emancipation,1  to  take  effect  on  the  first  of 
January,  in  the  states  then  still  remaining  in  rebellion  against  the 
Union,  was  issued  upon  due  deliberation  and  conscientious  consider- 
ation of  the  actual  condition  of  the  war,  and  the  state  of  opinion  in 
the  whole  country. 

No  one  who  knows  how  slavery  was  engrafted  upon  the  nation 
when  it  was  springing  up  into  existence;  how  it  has  gi'own  and 
gained  strength  as  the  nation  itself  has  advanced  in  wealth  and 
power ;  how  fearful  the  people  have  hitherto  been  of  any  change 
which  might  disturb  the  parasite,  will  contend  that  the  order  comes 
too  late.  It  is  hoped  and  believed  that  after  the  painful  experience 
we  have  had  of  the  danger  to  which  the  Federal  connection  with 
slavery  is  exposing  the  Republic  there  will  be  few  indeed  who  will 
insist  that  the  decree  which  brings  the  connection  to  an  end  either 
could  or  ought  to  have  been  further  deferred. 

The  interests  of  humanity  have  now  become  identified  with  the 
cause  of  our  country,  and  this  has  resulted  not  from  any  infraction 
of  constitutional  restraints  by  the  government,  but  from  persistent 
unconstitutional  and  factious  proceedings  of  the  insurgents,  who 
have  opposed  themselves  to  both. 

•  ••••••• 

i  See  post,  page 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  79 

You  are  well  aware  how  long  political  controversy  has  been 
wearing  a  gulf  to  divide  opinion  in  our  country  on  the  subject  of 
interference  with  slavery  in  the  slaveholding  states.  You  know 
how  deep  that  gulf  has  become,  and  how  confessedly  impassable  it 
is  except  under  the  pressure  of  absolute,  immediate,  and  irretrieva- 
ble danger  to  the  Union  itself.  Notwithstanding  many  respected 
counsellors  at  home,  and  all  our  representatives  abroad,  have  long 
and  earnestly  urged  an  earlier  adoption  of  such  a  measure  as  the 
President  has  at  last  accepted,  it  was  nevertheless  wisely  delayed 
until  the  necessity  for  it  should  become  so  manifest  as  to  make  it 
certain  that,  instead  of  dividing  the  loyal  people  of  the  Union  into 
two  parties,  one  for  and  the  other  against  the  prosecution  of  the  war 
for  the  maintenance  of  the  Union,  it  would  be  universally  accepted 
and  sustained.  It  is  now  apparent  that  the  measure  will  be  thus 
sustained. 

September  27,  1862.  —  The  law  of  compensation,  which  makes 
reaction  always  follow  effort,  and  which  measures  progress  by  the 
balance  between  advance  and  retreat,  applies  as  well  in  war  as  in 
peace.  We  had  a  series  of  brilliant  and  most  effective  victories 
during  the  months  of  February,  March,  April,  May  and  June.  On 
the  first  of  July  we  incurred  a  failure  at  Richmond,  which  was  fol- 
lowed by  considerable  reverses  during  that  month  and  the  following 
months.  This  change  in  the  tide  of  the  war  produced  some  popu- 
lar consternation  and  alarm.  Our  new  levies,  however,  began  to 
come  in  about  the  first  of  September,  and  we  have  since  that  time 
been  able  to  meet  successfully  an  invasion  of  the  loyal  states,  which 
was  projected  with  much  deliberation  by  the  insurgents  during  the 
summer,  and  assumed  a  menacing  form  with  the  opening  of  the 
autumn.  None  of  our  really  important  positions  have  been  lost,  and 
we  expect  soon  to  resume  aggressive  movements  with  vigor  and  effect. 

October  8,  1862.  —  Your  despatch  of  September  17  has  been 
received. 

The  unfavorable  aspect  of  our  affairs  under  which  it  was  written 
has  given  place  to  another  which  illustrates  the  strength  and  vigor 
of  the  Union  and  the  loyalty  and  enthusiasm  of  the  people. 

The  repulsion  of  the  insurgents  from  Maryland,  Cincinnati,  and 
Ohio,  with  the  recent  triumphs  of  the  national  arms  in  Missouri  and 
Mississippi,  need  no  explanations  to  show  their  importance. 

October  13,  1862.  —  There  is  an  opinion  in  foreign  circles  that 


80  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

does  appear  unaccountable,  namely,  that  this  government,  with  the 
loyal  people  that  are  sustaining  it,  are  desiring,  or  being  prepared 
to  desire,  a  compromise  with  the  insurrection.  No  country  in  the 
world  has  ever  poured  out,  in  an  equal  period,  so  much  of  its  treas- 
ure and  its  blood  to  save  its  integrity  and  its  independence.  These 
precious  streams  have  flowed  from  springs  as  free  as  they  are 
abundant.  They  are  renewed  now  as  freely  and  as  plentifully  as 
before.  Temporary  and  partial  disappointments  not  only  produce 
no  despair  or  despondency,  but  they  stimulate  and  invigorate.  Our 
cause  is  now,  as  it  was  in  the  time  of  our  great  revolution,  the  cause 
of  human  nature.  It  deserves  and  it  yet  will  win  the  favor  of  all 
nations  and  of  all  classes  and  conditions  of  men. 

October  13,  1862.  —  I  do  not  dwell  upon  the  military  situation  of 
our  own  country  and  its  prospects.  They  are  changed  much  for 
the  better  since  your  despatch  was  written.  But  this  is  so  appar- 
ent as  to  need  no  special  effort  on  my  part  to  make  it  manifest. 
Careful  and  candid  observers,  I  think,  would  agree  that  the  civil 
war  is  at  its  crisis,  and  that  the  country  is  not  likely  to  be  either 
divided  or  to  lose  its  invaluable  institutions. 

October  18,  1862. —  The  military  and  political  situations  in  this 
country  are  in  perfect  contrast  with  the  imaginary  ones  which  were 
expected  to  win  the  advantages  of  European  intervention.  Instead 
of  being  in  possession  of  or  threatening  Philadelphia  and  New 
York,  and  occupying  Cincinnati,  Louisville,  New  Orleans,  Balti- 
more, and  Washington,  the  invading  armies  of  the  insurgents  in 
the  east,  in  the  west,  and  in  the  south,  are  in  the  retreat  before  the 
national  forces,  and  as  rapidly  as  possible  evacuating  all  the  loyal 
border  States. 

October  18,  1862.  —  It  is  not  now  doubted  here  that  the  battles 
of  South  Mountain  and  Antietam,  followed  by  the  retreat  of  the 
insurgents  from  Maryland,  and  by  the  President's  proclamation  of 
warning  to  the  insurgent  States,  have  well  sustained  the  reaction 
abroad  which  has  been  already  mentioned. 

At  the  same  time  you  will  need  to  know  the  present  military  and 
political  conditions  of  the  country,  and  the  expectations  of  the  Presi- 
dent based  upon  them.  I  do  not  think  that  I  can  better  describe 
these  conditions  than  by  saying,  on  the  whole,  that  there  has  been 
only  this  change  since  the  month  of  June  last,  namely,  that  whereas 
at  that  time  it  was  believed  here  that  the  government  had  virtually 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    THE   WAR.  81 

suppressed  the  revolt,  the  reverses  and  successes  of  our  arms  within 
the  period  that  has  intervened  have  now  brought  about  the  convic- 
tion that  the  revolt,  practically  speaking,  has  failed.  The  battle  of 
Corinth  was  a  great  conflict,  and  it  has  produced  large  results.  It 
leaves  us  but  little  trouble  to  relieve  the  Mississippi  River  of  insur- 
gent forces,  and  we  are  rapidly  preparing  the  land  and  naval  expe- 
ditions necessary  for  that  purpose. 

The  invasion  of  Kentucky  seems  to  have  virtually  come  to  an  end 
with  the  defeat  of  the  insurgents  at  Corinth  and  at  Perryville. 
They  are  leaving  the  state  with  as  much  haste  as  they  rushed 
through  it  towards  Louisville  and  Cincinnati.  Their  demonstrations 
against  Missouri  have  been  equally  unsuccessful.  General  Mc- 
Clellan  is  being  rapidly  reinforced,  and  reconnoissances  which  he 
has  made  truly  indicate  a  new  trial  of  strength  between  his  army 
and  that  of  Lee  near  Winchester.  Only  the  impossibility  of  finding 
room  for  more  workers  upon  our  iron-clad  navy  delays  the  de- 
spatch of  vessels  of  that  class  believed  to  be  sufficient  without  the 
present  navy  to  recover  all  the  ports  of  the  country  which  are  yet 
remaining  in  the  possession  of  the  insurgents.  Charleston  and 
Mobile  will  be  early  visited  with  that  view,  and  thus  we  may  rea- 
sonably expect  to  relieve  ourselves  of  the  inconveniences  which 
result  to  the  national  cause  from  the  success  of  British-built  and 
equipped  vessels  in  carrying  arms  and  supplies  to  the  insurgents, 
since  we  are  compelled  to  despair  of  any  other  correction  of  that 
great  wrong. 

October  21,  1862.  —  The  present  military  situation  here  may  be 
described  in  a  few  words.  Our  spring  campaign,  so  fruitful  in  vic- 
tories, closed  with  reverses  in  the  last  weeks  of  July.  An  insurgent 
invasion  of  the  loyal  states  began  with  successes  in  August  and  was 
arrested  in  September.  Our  armies  are  now  renewed,  our  naval 
force  increasing,  and  a  decisive  campaign  will  soon  be  opened.  The 
insurgents  excited  in  European  capitals  the  most  sanguine  hopes  of 
the  success  of  their  campaign  of  invasion,  promising  nothing  less 
than  the  capture  and  capitulation  of  Washington,  with  the  occupa- 
tion of  Cincinnati,  Louisville,  New  Orleans,  Baltimore,  and  Phila- 
delphia. They  built  high  hopes  of  recognition  upon  this  magnifi- 
cent, though  precarious,  foundation.  From  Europe  we  hear  little 
that  is  definite,  but  there  is  manifestly  some  difficulty  there  in 
digesting  disappointments.     The  abuses  of  the  neutrality  proclaimed 


82  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

by  the  government,  which  are  daily  committed  by  British  subjects 
in  British  ports  and  on  the  high  seas,  have  become  not  merely 
annoying,  but  deeply  injurious.  We  are  doing  everything  possible 
to  prevent  a  ripening  of  these  disturbances  into  a  war  upon  the 
ocean,  which  would  probably  leave  no  nation  free  from  its  desolat- 
ing effects. 

October  25, 1862.  —  Kentucky  and  Missouri,  like  Maryland,  are 
free  again.  The  war  retires  into  Tennessee,  as  it  has  into  Virginia. 
Expeditions  up  and  down  the  Mississippi  are  nearly  in  readiness. 
General  McClellan  is  preparing  operations  in  Virginia,  not  so  rapid- 
ly as  our  impatience  demands,  but,  doubtless,  with  his  customary 
care  and  comprehensiveness.  General  Mitchell  will  not  long  be  idle 
before  Charleston. 

The  delays  of  our  new  iron-clad  vessels  are  painful  and  mortifying, 
but  one  cannot  see  where  to  charge  fault. 

October  27,  1862.  —  The  military  events  which  seem  to  require  a 
notice,  when  the  mail  is  departing,  are,  first,  the  escape  of  the  insurg- 
ents from  Kentucky  back  into  the  mountains  of  Tennessee.  General 
Buell's  proceedings  are,  in  some  military  quarters,  thought  to  have 
been  unnecessarily  dilatory  ;  he  has  been  relieved,  and  General  Rose- 
crans,  a  very  vigorous  and  accomplished  officer,  assumes  the  vacated 
command.  Second,  General  Schofield  has  defeated  the  insurgents 
in  Arkansas,  in  which  state  they  were  attempting  to  make  a  stand 
after  their  second  expulsion  from  Missouri.  Third,  General  Mc- 
Clellan is  on  the  eve  of  crossing  the  Potomac  to  challenge  the 
insurgents  as  a  beginning  of  the  new  campaign  in  Virginia.  Fourth, 
reinforcements  are  going  to  our  forces  in  North  Carolina,  South 
Carolina,  and  New  Orleans.  These  reinforcements  will  have  all 
needful  naval  cooperation.  There  are  various  political  manifesta- 
tions in  North  Carolina,  Virginia,  and  Louisiana,  which  are  not  des- 
titute of  significancy,  but  it  would  be  premature,  perhaps,  to  specify 
them.  It  must  suffice  to  say  that  it  is  a  mistake  to  assume,  as  seems 
to  be  so  freely  assumed  in  Europe,  that  the  President's  proclamation 
of  warning  to  the  insurgent  states  will  be  either  unfruitful  or  even 
unheeded. 

November  3,  1862.  —  The  military  transactions  which  I  have  to 
relate  are  not  striking,  although  they  are  not  unimportant.  The 
navy  have  reduced  to  occupation  two  new  positions  on  the  southern 
coast  —  Sabine  Pass  and  Galveston.     The  blockading  fleet  has  cap- 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  83 

tured  three  of  the  steamers  which  were  fitted  out  in  England  and 
despatched  from  British  ports  with  arms  and  other  supplies  for  the 
insurgents. 

General  McClellan's  army  has  crossed  into  Virginia,  and  its  ad- 
vance has  already  had  some  skirmishing  with  the  insurgents  in  the 
rear  of  Leesburg,  which  is  again  occupied  by  the  national  forces. 

The  telegraph  announces  the  destruction  of  another  half  dozen 
American  vessels  on  the  high  seas  by  the  steamer  290.  The  Presi- 
dent is  obliged  to  regard  these  destructions  as  being  made  by  British 
subjects  in  violation  of  the  law  of  nations  after  repeated  and  ample 
notice,  warning,  and  remonstrances  had  been  given  by  you  to  the 
British  government.  It  is  presumed  that  you  have  already  brought 
the  subject  in  that  light  to  the  notice  of  her  Majesty's  government. 
The  legal  proofs  in  support  of  a  claim  for  indemnity  will  be  collected 
and  transmitted  to  you  as  speedily  as  possible. 

It  is  hardly  necessary  to  advise  one  so  well  acquainted  as  you 
[  Mr.  Adams  ]  are  with  the  working  of  our  system  of  popular  elec- 
tions against  being  disturbed  by  the  exaggerations  of  the  political 
canvass  which  closes  to-day.  No  apprehensions  of  any  change  of  the 
policy  of  the  country  in  regard  to  the  suppression  of  the  insurrection 
are  indulged  here. 

November  10,  1862.  —  At  the  present  we  are  apprehending  no  in- 
surmountable obstacles  to  complete  success.  Our  army  in  Virginia, 
as  you  will  learn  from  the  newspapers,  is  already  approaching  the 
Rapidan,  without  having  encountered  serious  opposition.  General 
Grant  is  advancing  into  the  heart  of  Mississippi.  General  Rose- 
crans  is  moving  forward  in  Tennessee.  Expeditions  by  land  and 
water,  greater  in  force  than  any  preceding  one,  will  soon  be  on  their 
way  to  the  southern  coast. 

November  18,  1862.  — The  military  movements,  though  import- 
ant, are  not  striking.  Major-General  Burnside,  now  in  command  of 
the  army  of  the  Potomac,  has  put  it  in  motion,  and  events  of  some 
significance  may  be  expected  within  a  few  days.  A  part  of  Major- 
General  Banks'  expedition  is  already  afloat,  and  the  whole  will 
probably  reach  the  important  destination  within  a  week.  Some  suc- 
cessful movements  have  been  made  in  North  Carolina  and  in 
Louisiana.  Major-General  Grant  is  advancing  with  apparent  suc- 
cess in  Mississippi,  and  additional  columns  to  move  by  land  and 
water  are  proceeding  towards  the  Gulf  from  Cairo  and  St.  Louis. 


84  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

General  Rosecrans  is  advancing  towards  the  enemy  in  East  Tennes- 
see, and  an  iron  navy  is  nearly  ready  to  reduce  the  last  remaining 
insurrectionary  ports  into  Federal  occupation.  Of  all  the  insurgent 
menaces  which  lowered  upon  us  so  thickly  in  September  and  Octo- 
ber there  is  only  one  that  now  gives  us  anxiety,  and  that  is  the  in- 
vasion by  iron-clad  vessels,  which  are  being  built  for  the  insurgents 
by  their  sympathizers  in  England. 

November  28,  1862.  —  More  iron-clads  are  necessary  for  the  taking 
of  Charleston.  The  building  of  them  has  seemed  slow,  but  they  are 
now  beginning  to  move  to  their  proper  field  of  duty.  The  Ironsides 
and  the  Passaic  have  gone  there,  and  eight  more,  I  think,  will  lvncli 
Charleston  in  time  to  anticipate  the  fleets  that  are  now  fitting  out  in 
Europe. 

November  30,  1862.  —  I  have  expected  to  be  able  to  inform  you 
that  General  Burnside  has  advanced  across  the  Rappahannock.  His 
preparations  are  ready,  and  the  movement  is  imminent.  He  has  a 
large  and  fine  army. 

General  Banks'  latest  day  assigned  for  embarkation  has  passed. 
I  trust  he  will  be  on  his  way  when  this  despatch  leaves  the  coast. 
The  Passaic  has  at  last  left  her  port.  The  Secretary  of  the  Navy 
reckons  confidently  on  the  rapid  completion  and  despatch  of  suffi- 
cient iron-clad  auxiliaries  to  reduce  Charleston. 

The  gold  speculation  seems  to  have  passed  its  zenith,  and  to  be 
decidedly  declining. 

More  of  moderation  and  self-reliance  is  manifested  by  the  people 
now  than  at  any  time  since  the  war  began. 

Congress  has  come  together  in,  I  think,  a  good,  practical,  and 
patriotic  temper.  The  President's  message  grasps  the  subject  of 
slavery  earnestly  and  confidently.  It  would  be  unbecoming  even  if 
it  were  possible,  to  predict  the  reception  which  his  bold  suggestion 
of  gradual  and  compensated  emancipation  will  meet.  It  is  some- 
thing to  know,  perhaps  it  is  all  that  can  be  known  now,  that  the 
great  problem  of  the  civil  war  maintains  its  importance,  and  secures 
the  consideration  it  deserves.  While  the  people  hesitate,  doubt,  and 
divide  upon  each  new  suggestion  that  is  made  for  the  solution  of  the 
problem,  they  no  longer  shrink  from  contemplating  and  studying  it. 
If  thev  seem  to  the  world  to  be  slow  in  reaching  it,  the  world  ought 
to  be  reassured  of  their  success  by  the  reflection  that  no  nation  ever 
advanced  faster  in  a  task  so  complicated  and  so  difficult.     The  great 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON   THE   WAR.  85 

question  heretofore  has  been  :  Can  the  constitutional  Union  endure 
through  the  trial  ?  There  is  no  longer  any  ground  for  despondency 
on  that  point.  When  we  compare  the  military  and  naval  conditions 
of  the  country  now  with  what  they  were  when  Congress  came  to- 
gether a  year  ago  —  when  we  compare  the  condition  of  our  foreign 
relations  now  existing  with  that  which  prevailed  when  Congress  as- 
sembled a  }^ear  ago — we  see  evidences  of  strength,  power,  and 
stability  which  then  it  would  have  seemed  presumptuous  to  expect. 

December  15,  1862.  —  The  excitement  which  attended  the  late 
political  canvass  having  subsided,  the  public  mind  returns  again 
from  its  wanderings  to  engage  itself  with  the  military  situation. 

The  aj*my  under  General  Burnside,  which  had  been  some  time 
gathering-  upon  the  north  bank  of  the  Rappahannock,  crossed  that 
liver  on  Friday  and  Saturday  last  in  perfect  order,  and  with  signal 
exhibitions  of  heroism.  The  insurgents  were  dislodged  from  the 
town,  and  retired  to  their  defences  upon  the  hills  beyond  it.  At 
the  moment  when  I  am  writing,  however,  General  Burnside,  for 
reasons  not  yet  explained,  has  withdrawn  his  forces  to  the  north 
side  of  the  river,  and  the  two  armies  are  now  separated  from  each 
other  by  its  shores.  General  Burnside  had,  when  he  commenced 
crossing  the  river,  one  hundred  and  thirty  thousand  men  under  his 
command.  The  addition  of  General  Sigel's  corps  gave  the  com- 
manding general  last  night  fifteen  thousand  more,  and  to-day  he  will 
receive  still  another  fifteen  thousand.  It  is  not  easily  understood 
how  a  general  could  handle  a  force  larger  than  this. 

Major-General  Banks  sailed  from  New  York  fifteen  days  ago 
with  reinforcements  for  New  Orleans,  and  we  suppose  that  he  must 
before  this  time  have  reached  and  taken  command  in  that  city. 
With  the  additional  forces  which  are  now  descending  through  the 
valley  of  the  Mississippi  under  Generals  Grant  and  Curtis  and  a 
very  large  land  and  naval  expedition  that  is  waiting  at  Cairo,  as  I 
understand,  only  for  a  slight  rise  of  the  river,  it  is  expected  that  the 
Mississippi  will  be  entirely  freed  from  the  insurgents,  and  become  a 
base  for  operations  eastward  through  Alabama  and  westward  to  the 
Rio  Grande.  Generals  Curtis  and  Grant  have  had  satisfactory  suc- 
cesses. General  Rosecrans,  who  is  in  command  at  Nashville,  and  is 
expected  to  operate  against  Chattanooga  and  the  passes  in  East  Ten- 
nessee, has  been  less  demonstrative  than  was  expected,  but  we  have 
no  reason  to  apprehend  any  ultimate  failure  of  his  projected  campaign. 


86  DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON   THE   WAR. 

The  political  atmosphere  begins  to  exhibit  phenomena  indicative 
of  a  weariness  of  the  war,  and  a  desire  for  peace  on  both  sides. 
There  are  suggestions,  perhaps  as  yet  all  of  them  visionary,  of  terms 
or  bases  of  conciliation.  No  propositions  or  intimations,  however, 
have  come  from  the  insurgent  faction,  and  of  course  none  have  been 
communicated  by  the  government.  The  public  mind  has  been 
recently  too  much  disturbed  by  incidental  and  collateral  questions 
to  study  closely  the  progress  of  the  war,  and  to  measure  the  exhaus- 
tion of  the  insurgents.  We  are,  therefore,  without  any  conclusive 
evidence  of  their  actual  temper  at  this  moment. 

The  return  of  members  of  Congress  from  Louisiana,  and  the  hold- 
ing of  elections  for  the  same  purpose  in  North  Carolina  and  Vir- 
ginia, have  nevertheless  an  undoubted  significance. 

The  intended  demonstration  of  iron-clad  steamers  is  yet  withheld 
for  want  of  sufficient  vessels.  We  continually  see  new  vessels 
launched,  and  the  workmen  engaged  in  preparing  them.  But  we 
do  not  find  ourselves  in  possession  of  the  overawing  force  of  that 
kind  which  is  necessary  for  watching  at  Hampton  roads,  and  reach- 
ing at  the  same  time  Mobile  and  Charleston.  The  Passaic,  when 
she  arrived  at  the  place  of  rendezvous,  was  found  to  be  somewhat 
incomplete.  She  was  sent  up  to  the  navy  yard  here,  and  will  go 
out  in  good  condition  to-day.  The  Montauk  goes  to  sea  to-day  or 
to-morrow.  The  "  290  "  still  escapes  us,  but  the  navy  redoubles  its 
exertions  for  her  capture. 

December  26,  1862.  —  The  Secretary  of  War  has,  I  think, 
adopted  a  policy  which  does  not  contemplate  the  acceptance  of 
bodies  of  troops  organized  in  foreign  countries,  even  with  the  con- 
sent of  their  sovereigns. 

The  Secretary  of  War  still  retains  under  consideration  the  offer 
of  General  Garibaldi.  It  involves  some  considerations  upon  which 
the  convenience  of  that  Department  must  necessarily  be  consulted. 
It  is  a  source  of  high  satisfaction  to  know  that  the  General  has  been 
so  far  relieved  of  his  painful  wound  as  to  justify  a  hope  of  his  rapid 
convalescence. 

December  29, 1862.  —  The  proclamation  of  freedom  to  the  slaves 
of  the  insurgent  states  will  be  promptly  issued  on  the  first  day  of 
January  next ;  and  it  seems  probable  that  a  state  of  things  will 
arise  in  the  Gulf  states  that  will  be  calculated  to  undermine  the 
hopes  that  have  been  built  there  upon  foreign  intervention.    Finally, 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  87 

we  are  inaugurating  a,  system  of  administration  in  New  Orleans, 
under  Major-General  Banks,  which  we  expect  will  relieve  the  con- 
dition there  of  much  of  the  uneasiness  which  it  is  supposed  affected 
the  disposition  of  foreign  powers. 

The  military  situation  remains  unchanged  since  my  last  despatch. 

January  2,  1863.  —  Affairs  have  remained  unchanged,  but  not 
without  prospect  of  change  and  improvement.  For  the  moment, 
two  opposing  armies  seem  to  be  fixed  on  the  banks  of  the  Rappa- 
hannock. There  will  be,  before  long,  a  change  there.  Our  iron- 
clad fleet  is  at  last  afloat,  and  it  will,  I  think,  be  heard  from  soon. 
Our  two  western  armies,  as  well  as  that  of  General  Banks  at  New 
Orleans,  are  becoming  active. 

The  proclamation  of  the  President  adds  a  new  and  important 
element  to  the  war.  Its  probable  results  are  doubtless  exaggerated 
by  one  portion  of  the  people,  but  not  more  than  they  are  underesti- 
mated by  another.  Assuming,  as  I  believe,  its  policy  to  be  an  un- 
changeable one,  it  is  not  at  all  to  be  doubted  that,  sooner  or  later, 
it  will  find  and  reach  a  weakness  in  every  nook  and  corner  of  the 
insurrectionary  region.  The  very  violence  with  which  it  will  prob- 
ably be  met  will,  after  a  little,  increase  its  efficiency. 

January  5,  1863.  —  Our  iron-clad  steamers  are  now  gathering 
upon  the  southern  coast.  We  have  lost  the  Monitor  by  her  foun- 
dering at  sea,  and  the  accident  justly  produces  a  profound  national 
regret.  Her  achievements  had  made  her  an  object  of  pride  —  I 
might  almost  say  an  object  of  affection.  But  every  one  feels  that 
she  had  already  vindicated  the  invention  and  compensated  the  cost 
of  her  construction.  Her  place  will  be  easily  filled  by  another  ves- 
sel, in  which  the  fault  to  which  we  owe  the  loss  of  the  Monitor  has 
been  corrected. 

With  the  exception  of  the  army  of  the  Potomac,  all  our  forces 
are  now  in  a  condition  of  activity.  We  are  yet  in  a  state  of  sus- 
pense about  the  result  of  a  series  of  battles  which  occurred  on  the 
31st  December,  and  1st,  2d,  and  3d  of  January,  in  the  neighbor- 
hood of  Murfreesboro'.  The  telegraph  thus  far  tells  us  of  wonder- 
ful bravery,  attended  with  varying  phases  of  battle,  and  of  great 
loss  of  life  on  both  sides. 

The  forces  of  General  Sherman,  belonging  to  the  army  of  Gen- 
eral Grant,  having  descended  the  Mississippi,  are  besieging  Vicks- 
burg.     Our  latest  advices  do  not  inform  us  that  the  fleet  under 


OO  DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    TFTK    WAR. 

Admiral  Farragut  lias  as  yet  passed  up  the  river  from  New  Orleans. 
The  force  operating  in  Arkansas  has  been  eminently  successful. 

While  it  would  be  unwise  to  promise  immediate  and  decisive 
operations  of  our  naval  forces,  I  think  you  may  rest  assured  that  at 
least  the  rigor  of  the  blockade  already  experienced  at  Charleston 
and  Mobile  is  likely  to  be  increased  to  such  a  degree  as  to  defeat 
the  aids  which  are  proceeding  to  those  ports  from  Europe. 

January  12,  1863.  — The  information  concerning  military  events 
announced  by  my  last  despatches  has  been  in  part  confirmed.  Gen- 
eral Rosecrans  obtained  a  decisive  and  profitable  victory  at  Mur- 
freesboro'.  General  Sherman,  on  the  other  hand,  was  repulsed  at 
Vieksburg,  You  will  find  the  information  of  the  press  on  the  result 
of  the  affair  confused  and  unsatisfactory.  It  is,  therefore,  proper 
for  me  to  say  that  directions  have  been  given  to  Major-General 
Grant  to  reorganize  and  renew  the  expedition  immediately  and  in  a 
very  effectual  manner. 

Our  small  force  at  Galveston  seems  to  have  been  surprised  and 
dislodged  at  the  moment  when  reinforcements  were  about  to  enter 
the  harbor  to  secure  the  occupation  of  the  place.  The  misfortune 
is  not  a  serious  one. 

Large  land  forces  and  an  iron-clad  fleet  are  advancing  towards 
Charleston,  and  it  will  be  not  unreasonable  to  expect  the  occurrence 
of  some  important  events  there  any  time  after  the  close  of  the  pres- 
ent week. 

January  13,  1863.  —  The  public  attention  is  now  fastened  upon 
the  financial  measures  which  are  engaging  the  consideration  of  Con- 
gress. As  is  customary  with  fiscal  questions,  they  excite  the  utmost 
anxiety.  There  is,  however,  good  ground  to  expect  a  settlement  of 
the  subject  upon  a  practical  and  acceptable  basis. 

Our  advance  in  the  great  national  transaction  in  which  we  are 
engaged  is  seen  in  the  fact  that  Congress  is,  for  the  first  time, 
found  seriously  engaged  with  the  proposition  to  aid  some  of  the 
slaveholding  states  in  their  efforts  for  emancipation.  A  bill  of  that 
character,  affecting  the  State  of  Missouri,  has  passed  the  House  of 
Representatives,  and  is  now  under  consideration  in  the  Senate. 

January  14,  1863.  —  A  new  campaign  has  been  begun,  with 
alternating  successes  and  disappointments.  The  victory  at  Mur- 
freesboro'  was  a  great  one,  and  it  has  been  followed  by  very  bene 
ficial  results.     Our  army  in  Arkansas  continues  to  be  successful. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  89 

January  15,  1863.  —  Four  weeks  ago  we  encountered  a  repulse  at 
Fredericksburg.  It  has  been  followed  by  no  serious  consequences. 
The  army  on  the  Rappahannock  still  detains  its  antagonist  there, 
and  leaves  us  opportunity  for  operations  in  other  quarters.  Two 
weeks  ago  General  Rosecrans  obtained  a  victory  at  Murfreesbo'ro', 
which  practically  secures  Tennessee  to  the  Union.  But,  on  the  other 
hand,  General  Sherman  has  been  repulsed  in  his  first  assault  upon 
Vicksburg,  and  we  have  suffered  an  inopportune  surprise  and  dis- 
lodgment  at  Galveston. 

These,  however,  are  not  decisive  events.  We  are  only  at  the 
beginning  of  a  new  campaign.  Forces  are  again  concentrating  at 
Vicksburg,  adequate,  as  we  trust,  to  the  capture  of  that  place,  and 
a  land  and  naval  demonstration  against  Charleston  is  imminent. 

January  19,  1863.  —  General  McClernand  has  attained  a  very 
important  success  in  Arkansas.  An  official  despatch  from  him  con- 
firms this  information.  It  is  thought  that  it  must  result  in  freeing 
the  west  side  of  the  Mississippi  from  the  presence  of  the  insurrection- 
ary forces. 

January  23,  1863.  —  We  are  on  the  eve  of  important  movements, 
which  as  yet  are  but  imperfectly  understood  by  the  public.  A  part 
of  the  force  which  so  brilliantly  carried  the  Post  of  Arkansas  is 
understood  to  have  ascended  the  White  River.  The  remainder,  con- 
siderably augmented,  is  supposed  to  have  already  returned  to  the 
siege  of  Vicksburg. 

A  long  and  very  severe  storm  has  suspended  projected  move- 
ments of  the  army  of  the  Potomac,  at  Fredericksburg,  and  delayed 
for  a  few  days  the  expedition  against  Charleston.  We  learn  to-day 
that  the  two  iron-clad  vessels  which  encountered  the  storm  on  their 
way  to  the  scene  of  war,  not  only  are  safe,  but  have  proved  their 
adaptation  to  the  trials  of  the  seas. 

January  26,  1863.  —  Major-General  Burnside  was  prevented  by 
a  severe  storm  from  renewing  hostilities  last  week  on  the  Potomac. 
The  hindrance  will  continue  until  the  condition  of  the  roads  near 
the  Rappahannock  shall  have  mended.  Meantime  General  Burn- 
side  has  tendered  his  resignation,  and  he  is  now  replaced  by  Major- 
General  Hooker.  The  expedition  against  Charleston  was  delayed 
by  the  storm,  but  the  forces  are  now  being  put  in  motion. 

It  is  understood  here  that  General  McClerhand's  forces,  with 
Commodore  Porter's   fleet,    after   their   brilliant   achievements   in 


90  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

Arkansas,  have  returned  to  the  siege  of  Vicksburg,  and  have  been 
adequately  reinforced  by  General  Grant. 

February  4,  1863.  —  We  have  entered  upon  new  campaigns, 
whose  events  cannot  fail  to  affect  public  opinion  abroad  as  well  as 
at  home.  We  have  boundless  and  excited  discussions,  as  might  be 
expected  among  a  free  people,  and  all  these  discussions  are  over- 
heard with  exaggeration  of  the  tone  of  the  disputants  in  foreign 
countries.  Nevertheless,  it  may  very  well  be  doubted  whether  any 
other  government,  whatever  its  constitution,  has  gone  more  steadily, 
more  firmly,  more  dispassionately,  or  more  energetically  through 
trials  equal  to  those  we  have  already  surmounted. 

The  results  of  military  operations  during  the  last  three  months 
are  sufficiently  manifest  to  have  a  determinate  value.  The  re- 
verses were  the  repulse  at  Fredericksburg  and  the  repulse  at  Vicks- 
burg. Each  of  these  reverses  was  practically  fruitless  to  the  insur- 
gents. The  successes  were  the  battle  at  Murfreesboro'  and  the 
capture  of  the  Post  of  Arkansas.  Each  of  these  not  only  weakened 
the  insurgents,  but  enlarged  the  field  of  Federal  authority.  It  is 
understood  that  the  expeditions  at  Charleston  and  Vicksburg  are 
now  in  full  activity,  and  we  shall  not  long  wait  for  important  results. 

It  is  never  easy  to  know  what  value  to  put  upon  popular  expec- 
tations and  popular  fears  as  omens  of  ultimate  success.  It  could 
not  be  concealed  that  there  has  been  a  season  of  deep  anxiety  since 
the  reverse  at  Fredericksburg.  It  is  apparent  that  there  is  now  a 
measured  return  of  public  confidence.  The  last  change  is  probably 
not  more  reliable  than  the  one  which  preceded  it.  However  this 
may  be,  it  is  certainly  cheering  to  perceive  that  the  idle  specula- 
tions upon  mediation  and  the  spasmodic  demands  of  certain  impul- 
sive politicians  for  armistices  and  concessions  have  failed  to  pervert 
the  public  mind,  and  that  there  remains  the  same  firm  determina- 
tion to  maintain  the  Union  that  was  everywhere  manifested  at  the 
beginning  of  the  contest. 

February  10,  1863.  —  The  public  journals  contain  the  details  of 
the  recent  surprise  of  the  Mercedita  at  Charleston,  which  show  that 
the  idea  of  the  insurgents  that  they  had  raised  the  blockade  at  that 
port  was  illusory.  The  activity  of  the  forces  in  that  vicinity,  and 
also  of  the  forces  at  Vicksburg,  will  not  escape  your  attention. 

The  battle  at  Fort  Donelson  was  a  decided  triumph  of  the  Union 
arms,  and  greatly  strengthens  the  position  of  General  Rosecrans. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON   THE   WAR.  91 

There  is  good  reason  to  expect  that  the  important  bills  designed 
to  enable  the  President  to  prosecute  the  war  with  vigor  and  dili- 
gence will  pass  the  Congress  by  decisive  majorities. 

February  24,  1863.  —  The  military  and  naval  conditions  remain 
unchanged.  Congress  is  diligent  in  loyal  and  effective  legislation. 
Some  little  excitement  has  followed  the  publication  of  the  recent 
correspondence  with  the  French  government,  but  the  effect  seems  to 
be  not  unwholesome.  You  will  give  no  credit  to  rumors  of  aliena- 
tion between  Mr.  Mercier  and  this  government. 

The  Canada's  advices  of  the  organization  of  the  British  Parlia- 
ment, telegraphed,  are  not  different  from  what  was  anticipated.  It 
is  manifest  that  the  national  interest  is  absorbed  by  the  expectation 
of  military  achievements  regarded  as  imminent. 

March  2,  1863.  —  Experience  has  shown  that  it  has  been  impos- 
sible to  conform  the  policy  of  the  government,  in  a  crisis  of  civil 
war,  to  the  views  and  wishes  of  European  statesmen,  who  reasoning 
from  present  European  interests,  regard  a  peace,  however  ob- 
tained and  at  whatever  cost,  preferable  to  a  prosecution  of  the  war  at 
all ;  and  who,  at  every  sta*ge  of  the  controversy,  see  only  the  diffi- 
culties, embarrassments,  and  disappointments  of  the  nation,  and 
take  no  notice  of  the  contraction  and  exhaustion  of  the  insurgents. 

March  16,  1863.  —  The  hopeful  view  of  European  opinion  con- 
cerning our  affairs  is  happily  coincident  with  a  returning  calmness 
and  firmness  of  public  confidence  at  home.  Nothing  was  evermore 
preposterous  than  the  idea  engendered  here,  and  sent  abroad  to  per- 
plex Europe,  that  an  American  Secretary  of  State  would  employ 
a  plenipotentiary  of  the  Emperor  of  France  to  negotiate  with 
American  insurgents,  and  that  a  plenipotentiary  of  such  a  power 
would  accept  such  a  mission.  Happily,  European  credulity  is  be- 
coming unable  to  bear  the  tests  enforced  upon  it. 

March  24,  1863.  —  There  is  no  certain  news,  though  in  the  main 
encouraging  reports  come  from  the  Mississippi.  The  demonstration 
on  Charleston  is  delayed  by  reason  of  casualties  that  befell  some  of 
the  machinery  at  sea.  The  promptest  possible  means  have  been 
taken  to  repair  the  difficulty. 

Confidence  is  manifestly  reviving  in  the  country,  and  unmistaka- 
ble signs  of  exhaustion  appear  in  the  insurrectionary  region. 

You  will  not  give  credit  to  newspaper  statements  about  a  decision 
in  no  case  to  employ  private  armed  ships.  The  President,  as  you 
might  well  imagine,  considers  —  he  does  not  yet  decide. 


92  DIARY,    OK   NOTES   ON   THE    WAR. 

March  25,  1863.  —  Since  the  adjournment  of  Congress  a  very 
marked  change  of  the  public  temper  has  become  perceptible.  It 
has  acquired  a  confident  tone.  The  nervous  impatience  that  de- 
manded activity,  even  if  it  feared  disaster,  appears  to  have  passed 
away,  and  the  people  seem  disposed  to  rely  for  success  on  the 
strength  and  perseverance  of  the  national  forces  and  the  exhaustion 
of  the  insurgents.  It  is  undeniable  that  the  revolutionary  paper  has 
depreciated  to  the  standard  of  five  or  six  dollars  for  one;  that  the 
revolutionary  agents  are  reduced  to  the  necessity  of  impressing  their 
supplies,  and  that  want  and  destitution  have  begun  among  the 
people.  While  these  changes  have  occurred  there,  the  loyal  regions 
are  exhibiting  an  equal  and  contrasted  change.  The  government 
paper  has  improved  at  the  rate  of  forty  per  centum,  and  is  now 
being  so  rapidly  absorbed  by  the  permanent  funds  as  to  leave  us  no 
apprehensions  of  a  failure  of  money  for  all  needful  military  and 
naval  operations.  The  appeals  of  political  parties  in  the  elections 
of  last  autumn  manifestly  awakened  all  the  doubts,  fears,  and  dis- 
loyal passions  that  were  existing  in  the  country,  and  the  display 
was  so  great  as  for  a  time  to  alarm  patriotic  men  here,  while  it 
encouraged  the  enemies  of  the  country  abroad.  There  is  a  manifest 
reaction,  and  no  calm  and  considerate  man  now  apprehends  any 
factious  opposition  or  resistance  to  the  government.  It  can  hardly 
be  expected  that  the  true  condition  of  things  will  be  apprehended 
in  Europe ;  but  it  is  nevertheless  apparent  that  the  war  is  devastat- 
ing and  exhausting  the  insurrectionary  regions,  while  it  has  not  yet 
affected  the  resources  or  sensibly  impaired  the  prosperity  of  the 
whole  country. 

April  7,  1863. —  The  weather  has  been  such  as  to  preclude  all 
operations  in  Virginia.  Movements  at  Charleston,  if  not  begun, 
are  certainly  imminent.  The  reaction  of  opinion  in  favor  of  the 
measures  of  the  government  continues  and  gains  strength.  Public 
sentiment  is  cheerful  and  hopeful. 

The  public  mind  here  seems  deeply  moved  by  the  toleration  of 
hostile  naval  preparations  in  Great  Britain,  and  is  likely  to  demand 
some  form  of  decided  and  earnest  resistance.  Private  armed  ves- 
sels are  offering  themselves  to  cooperate  with  the  navy  in  main- 
taining sieges  and  blockades. 

April  10,  1863.  —  It  is  thought  expedient  that  the  most  direct 
and  energetic  measures  should  be  adopted  to  arrest  by  judicial 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  93 

proceedings  the  clearance  and  departure  of  the  hostile  vessels  which 
are  being  built,  equipped,  and  manned  in  the  ports  of  Great 
Britain.  You  will  therefore  sanction  and  authorize  such  prosecu- 
tions whenever,  upon  legal  advice,  it  shall  seem  expedient. 

This  government  has  heard  with  surprise  and  regret  that  a  loan 
has  been  made  in  London  to  the  insurgents,  with  conditions  of 
security  and  payment  openly  hostile  to  the  United  States,  and  it 
has  good  reason  for  assuming  that  most  or  all  of  the  moneys  thus 
loaned  are  paid  to  British  subjects  residing  in  Great  Britain  for 
advances  in  money,  labor,  arms,  military  stores  and  supplies  used 
in  the  fitting  out  of  those  hostile  expeditions,  in  violation  of  the 
Queen's  proclamation  and  of  the  enlistment  acts  of  Great  Britain, 
as  well  as  of  treaties  and  the  law  of  nations. 

April  13,  1863.  —  You  will  find  the  newspaper  reports  from  the 
west  quite  confused.  The  War  Department  has  regular  advices,  and 
is  confident  of  ultimate  and  not  long  delayed  success  at  Vicksburg. 

The  late  reconnoissance  at  Charleston  is  regarded  by  the  navy  as 
establishing  the  invulnerability  of  the  monitors,  and,  of  course, 
their  ability  to  reduce  the  land  fortifications  at  that  place.  The  only 
obstacle  now  remaining  to  be  overcome  is  the  obstructions  in  the 
channel.     The  attention  of  the  fleet  is  now  engaged  upon  this  point. 

With  reference  to  his  (Earl  Russell's)  inquiries  when  the  new 
Congress  will  come  in,  and  when  the  present  executive  administra- 
tion will  go  out,  it  may  be  proper  for  you,  without  directly  recurring 
to  them,  to  let  him  understand  that  no  Congress  and  no  adminis- 
tration are  likely  to  come  into  this  capital  which  shall  be  less 
strenuous  than  the  present  authorities  in  favor  of  the  American 
Union,  or  less  opposed  to  admitting  foreign  intervention  in  the 
affairs  of  the  American  people.  It  is  true  that  this  people,  like 
every  other,  are  moved  by  debates  concerning  the  measures  and 
policy  of  those  who  are  conducting  their  affairs.  But  when  any 
party  betrays  a  want  of  devotion  to  the  integrity  or  to  the  indepen- 
dence of  the  country,  it  loses  the  public  confidence  at  once.  Had 
this  truth  been  understood  in  Europe  at  the  first,  much  and  de- 
plorable suffering  in  both  countries  would  have  been  averted. 

May  19,  1863.  —  In  reviewing  the  late  movement  of  General 
Hooker  across  the  Rappahannock,  all  critics  approve  of  the  plan,  and 
admit  that  it  was  reasonably  expected  to  be  successful.     Thus  far 


94  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

there  is  no  intelligent  agreement  upon  the  cause  of  the  failure.  Cer- 
tainly it  was  not  for  the  want  of  men,  material,  or  courage  on  the 
part  of  the  army.  The  War  Department  will  not  fail  of  its  duty  in 
reorganizing  and  renewing  this  important  portion  of  the  campaign. 
Meantime  it  is  consolatory  to  know  that  the  losses  and  damages  of 
the  national  army,  especially  when  the  relative  conditions  of  the  two 
parties  are  considered,  are  not  disastrous,  and  that  the  result  seems 
to  have  neither  demoralized  the  troops  nor  discouraged  the  country. 
The  intelligence  from  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi  continues  to  be 
favorable  thus  far.  Large  portions  of  Louisiana  and  Mississippi 
have  been  reclaimed.  The  recent  effective  movements  of  our  cavalry 
arm  are  giving  us  a  surprise  as  pleasing  and  as  full  of  promise  as  the 
naval  successes  with  which  the  campaign  of  last  year  was  opened. 

You  will  not  fail  to  notice  the  growing  confidence  of  the  public  in 
the  national  finances.  The  sales  of  government  stocks  at  par  now 
reach  the  figure  of  ten  millions  weekly.  In  singular  contrast  with 
this  improvement  of  the  public  credit,  it  is  now  discerned  that  the 
insurgents  are  actually  driven  to  the  importation  of  bread  for  their 
armies  from  Europe,  through  the  hazards  of  the  blockade.  It  is  not 
easy  to  perceive  how  a  purely  agricultural  country  can  long  carry 
on  a  war  when  it  has  to  import  not  only  its  material  of  war  but  its 
provisions,  while  it  puts  its  governing  population  into  the  armies,  and 
has  continually  to  guard  against  the  desertion' or  resistance  of  its 
laborers.  It  is  obvious  that  this  condition  of  things  is  becoming  in- 
tolerable. The  best  negro  laborers  are  now  sold  in  Georgia  at  two 
thousand  dollars  each,  insurrectionary  currency  —  equal,  it  is  sup- 
posed, to  five  hundred  dollars  national  currency.  Before  the  war 
their  value  was  three  times  greater. 

I  can  give  you,  of  course,  no  special  information  concerning  our 
internal  affairs.  We  are  in  the  midst  of  a  great  campaign.  Impor- 
tant marches  and  protracted  sieges  engage  the  attention  of  the  gov- 
ernment and  of  the  country.  News  of  the  results,  sped  by  the  tele- 
graph, would  outstrip  anticipations  travelling  by  slower  processes. 
The  country,  although  it  exhibits  the  same  mercurial  temper  which 
it  has  maintained  throughout  the  whole  war,  is,  nevertheless,  sound 
in  its  resolution  to  suppress  a  needless  and  dangerous  insurrection  ; 
and  the  government  is  performing  its  painful  duty  with  no  abate- 
ment of  energy,  and  no  diminution  of  confidence. 

May  24,  1863.  —  The   suspense   in   which  we  have  been  held 


DIARY,    OK   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  95 

through  a  considerable  period,  rilled  with  tantalizing  delays  and  an- 
noying though  not  disastrous  disappointments,  has  been  relieved  at 
last  by  splendid  successes  obtained  by  General  Banks,  and  still  more 
brilliant  victories  won  by  General  Grant,  all  of  which  seem  to  prom- 
ise most  important  results. 

I  need  not  indicate  the  favorable  influence  which  this  change  of 
our  military  situation  will  exercise  in  Europe  to  you,  who  know  by 
experience  even  more  trying  than  my  own  that  the  opinions  and 
sympathies  of  states,  not  less  than  those  of  individuals,  concerning 
any  cause,  are  chiefly  determined  by  the  success  obtained  by  those 
to  whom  the  responsibilities  of  its  defence  are  confided. 

June  8,  1863.  —  You  will  have  already  learned  of  the  active 
operations  which  have  been  instituted  by  General  Grant  and  Gen- 
eral Banks  upon  the  Mississippi.  We  are  awaiting  the  results  with 
much  anxiety.  The  tone  of  the  public  mind  is  generally  pure,  and 
the  confidence  of  the  country  in  our  financial  system  is  perhaps  the 
best  possible  evidence  of  the  confidence  of  the  people  in  the  ultimate 
success  of  the  government. 

June  16,  1863.  —  The  military  situation  in  the  southwest  remains 
unchanged.  The  sieges  of  Vicksburg  and  Port  Hudson  are  con- 
tinued. 

There  has  been  a  change  on  the  line  in  Virginia.  Lee  has  moved 
westward  from  Fredericksburg,  and  General  Hooker's  army  has,  of 
course,  changed  position  and  attitude.  But  the  object  of  Lee's 
strategy  is  not  yet  developed. 

June  22,  1863.  — Reports  from  Vicksburg  and  Port  Hudson  state 
that  the  sieges  of  those  places  still  continue.  We  learn  to-day, 
through  the  insurgent  press,  that  the  Fingal,  which,  during  her  long 
imprisonment  at  Savannah,  had  been  converted  into  an  iron-clad 
ship-of-war,  was  last  week  captured  by  two  of  our  iron-clad  ships,  on 
her  attempting  to  leave  the  port  and  enter  upon  her  work  of  piracy. 

I  informed  you  by  the  last  mail  that  Lee's  insurgent  army  had 
beeu  put  in  motion,  and  that  General  Hooker  had  consequently 
taken  a  new  position  with  the  army  of  the  Potomac.  These  changes 
have  been  attended  by  much  activity  of  the  cavalry  of  both  armies, 
thus  far  unfruitful  of  important  results.  While  due  efforts  have 
been  made  to  prepare  against  surprise  upon  our  part,  the  enemy's 
plan  of  attack  has  not  yet  been  satisfactorily  ascertained. 

June  29,  1863.  —  You  may  not  be  able  to  discover  the  true  condi- 


96  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

tion  of  military  affairs  through  the  confusion  produced  by  the  cross- 
lights  of  the  press.  Our  official  information  represents  the  sieges 
of  Port.  Hudson  and  Vicksburg. as  going  on  successfully.  Two  of 
the  three  corps  of  the  insurgent  army,  lately  encamped  on  the  Rap- 
pahannock, have  forded  the  upper  Potomac,  and  are  in  Maryland 
and  Pennsylvania.  The  position  of  the  third  corps  is  not  certainly 
known.  General  Hooker  has,  at  his  own  request,  been  relieved,  and 
is  replaced  by  General  Meade,  an  officer  who  enjoys  the  confidence 
of  the  army  and  of  the  War  Department.  He  is  moving  vigorously, 
and,  judging  from  present  appearances,  a  meeting  of  the  two  armies 
is  likely  to  occur  in  Pennsylvania,  or  on  the  border  of  Maryland. 
You  will  have  heard  much  of  cavalry  raids,  and  other  subordinate 
movements  of  the  two  armies,  but  they  have  thus  far  been  unfruit- 
ful of  any  important  results. 

July  6,  1863.  —  The  two  opposing  armies  in  Pennsylvania  are 
understood  to  be  about  equal  in  numbers.  Seven  corps  constitute 
the  army  of  the  Potomac,  while  the  insurgent  forces  are  divided  in 
three  corps.  On  Wednesda}',  the  third  instant,  the  two  advanced 
United  States  corps  unexpectedly  encountered  two  of  the  insurgent 
corps  northwest  of  Gettysburg,  and  a  severe  conflict  ensued,  which 
resulted  in  a  withdrawal  of  our  forces  to  a  favorable  position  in  rear 
of  the  town,  where  they  threw  up  defences,  and  were  joined  by  the 
other  portions  of  the  army  during  the  night  and  morning.  On 
Thursday,  the  whole  insurgent  army,  being  in  line,  offered  battle, 
which  was  accepted.  It  continued  throughout  Thursday  and  Fri- 
day. It  was  unquestionably  the  most  sanguinary  conflict  of  the 
war,  and  resulted  in  the  withdrawal  of  the  insurgents  from  the  field 
on  the  morning  of  Saturday,  the  4th,  and  the  retreat  towards  the 
Potomac  began  on  that  night,  and  was  continued  at  the  date  of  the 
last  advices.  Our  cavalry  is  harassing  the  retiring  enemy  in  the 
rear,  while  General  Meade  is  operating,  with  the  aid  of  reinforce- 
ments, upon  the  enemy's  flank. 

From  Vicksburg  we  have  encouraging  despatches  of  the  date  of 
Monday,  the  29th  of  June. 

I  cannot  inform  you  of  the  movements  of  General  Rosecrans  in 
nny  other  way  so  well  as  by  giving  you  his  last  despatch,  which  is 
as  follows:  — 

"  Our  movement  commenced  on  the  twenty-fourth  (24th)  June. 
Have  driven  Bragg  from  his  intrenched  positions  at  Shelbyville  and 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    THE   WAR.  97 

Tullahoma.  Either  of  them  is  stronger  than  Corinth.  Have 
pressed  him  through  the  mountains.  Incessant  rains  and  the  im- 
passable state  of  the  roads  alone  prevented  us  from  forcing  him  to 
a  general  battle.  Sheridan's  division  occupied  Cowen  yesterday  at 
three  (3)  P.  M.  The  enemy  has  retreated  towards  Bridgeport  and 
Chattanooga.  Every  effort  is  being  made  to  bring  forward  supplies 
and  threaten  the  enemy  sufficiently  to  hold  him.  As  I  have  already 
advised  you,  Tullahoma  was  evacuated  Tuesday  night.  Our  troops 
pursued  him  and  overtook  his  train  at  Elk  River.  He  burned  the 
bridge.  In  that  operation  our  loss  in  killed  and  wounded  will  not 
exceed  five  hundred.  The  loss  of  the  enemy  may  be  safely  put  at 
one  thousand  killed  and  wounded,  one  thousand  prisoners,  seven 
pieces  of  artillery,  and  five  or  six  hundred  tents.  The  country  is 
filled  with  deserters  from  the  Tennessee  troops,  and  it  is  generally 
thought  a  very  large  portion  of  these  troops  will  never  leave  their 
native  state.  Nothing  but  most  stringent  coercion  can  detain  them. 
It  is  impossible  to  convey  to  you  an  idea  of  the  continuous  rains  we 
have  had  since  the  commencement  of  these  operations,  or  the  state  of 
the  roads." 

July  9,  1863.  —  The  steamers  of  the  4th  and  8th  have  carried  to 
Europe  intelligence  of  the  defeat  of  General  Lee  in  three  pitched 
battles,  equalling  in  the  magnitude  of  forces,  and  surpassing  in  sever- 
ity, the  conflicts  of  Waterloo  and  Solferino.  The  defeated  army, 
however,  was  not  destroyed  nor  captured.  A  decisive  battle  is  now 
gathering  at  Antietam,  and  information  of  its  result  will  probably 
go  out  with  this  despatch. 

The  fall  of  Vicksburg1on  the  4th  of  July,  undoubtedly  to  be  fol- 
lowed soon  by  the  fall  of  Port  Hudson,  must  completely  revolution- 
ize the  contest  on  the  Mississippi.  Our  land  and  naval  forces,  re- 
lieved from  the  labor  of  protracted  sieges,  become  a  movable  power, 
adequate  to  the  practical  restoration  of  commerce,  or,  in  other  words, 
the  Union,  through  the  centre  of  our  territory,  from  our  northern 
boundary  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico. 

Indications  already  appear,  that  the  work  of  internal  dissolution  is 
begun  in  the  insurgent  confederacy.  Practically,  it  has  lost  all  the 
states  west  of  the  Mississippi,  and  is  confined  to  the  Atlantic  states, 
south  of  Cape  Henry,  and  the  Gulf  states.  Its  capacity  to  raise 
new  levies  and  new  armies,  if  not  exhausted,  is  greatly  diminished. 

1  See  speech  on  fall  of  Vicksburg,  page  486. 
7 


98  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

July  11,  1863.  —  I  have  the  pleasure  of  stating  that  our  naval 
force  is  steadily  and  rapidly  increasing.  The  navy  has  already  in 
actual  service  forty-four  thousand  men.  New,  better,  and  more 
effective  steamships,  iron-clads,  as  well  as  others,  are  coming  from 
the  docks ;  and  we  do  not  distrust  our  ability  to  defend  ourselves  in 
our  harbors  and  on  the  high  seas,  even  if  we  must  unhappily  be  pre- 
cipitated, through  injustice  in  Europe,  into  a  foreign  war.  The  full 
of  Vicksburg  releases  a  large  naval  force  for  effective  service,  while 
the  free  navigation  of  the  Mississippi,  now  immediately  expected, 
will  restore  to  us  our  accustomed  facilities  for  foreign  conflict.  The 
same  great  event  relieves  the  army  of  General  Grant,  which  num- 
bers one  hundred  thousand  men,  from  the  labors  and  fatigues  of  a 
siege,  and  gives  us  movable  columns  for  uncompleted  purposes  of  the 
war.  The  capture  of  Vicksburg,  the  occupation  of  Tullahoma,  and 
the  defeat  of  the  insurgents  in  Pennsylvania,  are  the  achievements 
of  the  campaign  which  was  proposed  in  the  last  autumn.  The 
army  which  has  performed  them  is  still  strong  and  effective.  It 
will  now  be  reinforced,  easily  and  cheerfully,  by  the  people,  with  an 
addition  of  three  hundred  thousand  men.  On  the  other  hand,  the 
insurgents  have  within  the  last  month  sustained  an  aggregate  loss  of 
fifty  thousand  men,  which,  I  think,  it  will  be  very  difficult,  if  not  im- 
possible, to  replace,  and,  without  their  being  replaced,  their  military 
strength  can  hardly  be  deemed  permanently  formidable. 

July  13,  1863.  —  Europe  waited  patiently  for  the  end  of  a  siege 
of  eleven  months  at  Sevastopol,  and  a  year  for  a  result  of  a  like  op- 
eration in  Mexico.  Forty-five  days'  delay  at  Vicksburg,  and  a  sim- 
ilar delay  at  Port  Hudson,  have  proved  too  severe  an  exaction  upon 
the  magnanimity  of  parties  in  Europe  who  desire  the  ruin  of  the 
United  States.  At  the  moment  wrhen  I  write,  the  scene  in  this 
country  has  altogether  changed.  Vicksburg,  with  all  its  defenders 
and  material,  has  fallen,  at  last,  into  our  possession.  Rosecrans  has 
driven  the  insurgents  of  Tennessee  within  the  interior  lines.  The 
army  of  the  Potomac  has  retrieved  its  fortunes  and  prestige,  and  the 
forces  of  General  Lee  are  understood  to  be  hemmed  in  between  a 
flood  in  their  front  and  a  victorious  army  in  their  rear.  Charleston  is 
again  under  siege  of  iron-clads.  Our  army  is  being  renewed  by  a  levy 
of  three  hundred  thousand  men,  which  will  swell  the  aggregate  to  eight 
hundred  thousand,  while  the  insurgent  resources  are  manifestly  very 
much  diminished.     Under  these  circumstances,  the  public  mind,  im- 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  99 

patient  of  rest,  is  already  agitating  the  conditions  on  which  peace 
shall  be  conceded.  While,  however,  this  is  the  exact  condition  of 
affairs  in  America,  we  have  warnings,  apparently  authentic,  of  a  pur- 
pose on  the  part  of  the  Emperor  of  the  French  to  employ  all  his  in- 
fluence to  procure  a  recognition  of  the  insurgents  by  other  powers; 
and  failing  in  this,  to  proceed  alone  in  that  injurious  policy.  We 
hear,  also,  of  a  debate  upon  recognition  in  the  British  Parliament, 
but  the  steamer  which  bore  the  news  of  the  debate  did  not  wait  for 
the  decision.  Upon  this  statement  of  our  case,  as  it  is  developed 
here,  you  will  be  able  to  determine  for  yourself  the  probabilities  of 
a  new  foreign  complication,  and  the  spirit  in  which  it  will  be  met,  if 
it  must  come  to  embarrass  us. 

July  14, 1863.  —  We  have  advices  from  Port  Hudson  of  the  3d  of 
July.  The  siege  was  then  vigorously  maintained,  and  there  is  rea- 
son to  believe  that  reinforcements,  if  thought  necessary,  have  since 
been  supplied  by  General  Grant.  The  8th  of  July  gave  us  our  last 
intelligence  from  Vicksburg,  and  it  enables  me  to  correct  some  of 
the  details  of  the  results  of  the  capitulation  contained  in  my  recent 
telegram.  More  than  twenty-seven  thousand  (27,000)  prisoners 
had  already  then  been  paroled,  and  the  task  was  not  yet  completed. 
There  were  found  in  various  parts  of  the  city,  concealed  and  other- 
wise, sixty-six  thousand  (66,000)  stand  of  small  arms,  and  still  new 
searches  discovered  new  deposits  of  the  same  sort.  The  whole 
amount  of  ordnance  captured,  including  siege  and  sea-coast  guns, 
exceeded  two  hundred  (200).  The  supply  of  ammunition  surpasses 
belief.  It  would  have  sufficed  for  six  years  of  defence,  if  used  at 
the  rate  that  it  was  consumed  during  the  siege.  The  military  stores, 
chiefly  clothing  for  soldiers,  are  estimated  at  five  millions  of  dollars, 
insurrectionary  currency.  General  Sherman  was  in  hot  pursuit  of 
Johnston's  forces. 

The  insurgent  army,  under  Bragg,  has  been  driven  out  of  Ten- 
nessee into  Alabama. 

Rear-Admiral  Dahlgren  was  expected  to  assault  Morris  Island, 
which  is  one  of  the  defences  of  Charleston,  on  the  9th. 

Lee's  insurgent  army  has  retreated  before  General  Meade,  and  is 
now  understood  to  be  compactly  posted  near  the  fords  of  the  Poto- 
mac, and  wholly  lies  between  the  banks  of  that  river  and  the  Union 
army.  Lee's  losses  in  the  late  battles  are  believed  to  have  been 
thirty-three  thousand  (33,000)  men.     A  solution  of  the  problem  of 


100  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

invasion  is  expected  hourly,  and  therefore  I  refrain  from  conjecture 
concerning  it. 

There  is  some  popular  disturbance  at  New  York  arising  out  of  the 
draft.  The  journals  of  that  city,  going  out  by  to-morrow's  steamer, 
will  give  you,  probably,  the  full  development  of  the  movement.  At 
present  it  does  not  seem  to  be  formidable,  although  the  occurrence 
of  it  is  a  subject  of  much  regret. 

July  20,  1863.  —  The  insurgent  army,  under  Lee,  is  understood 
to  be  either  stationary  or  moving  in  the  valley  of  the  Shenandoah. 
The  army  of  the  Potomac,  under  General  Meade,  is  in  Virginia,  pre- 
liminarily occupied  in  observing  the  proceedings  of  the  insurgents. 
The  first  reports  of  the  battle  of  Gettysburg  appear  to  have  been 
substantially  free  from  exaggeration.  It  is  not  doubtful  that  Lee 
suffered  a  loss  of  more  than  thirty  thousand  (30,000)  men. 

The  unconditional  surrender  of  Port  Hudson  was  communicated 
to  you  by  telegraph.  General  Sherman's  pursuit  of  Johnston  through 
Jackson,  in  Mississippi,  is  reported  as  having  been  crowned  with  im- 
portant results.  But  the  details  are  not  yet  officially  confirmed. 
We  hear  that  the  raid  of  Morgan  into  Indiana  and  Ohio  is  result- 
ing disastrously  to  the  insurgents.  The  movements  of  the  national 
land  and  naval  forces,  in  approaching  Chattanooga,  are  very  vigor- 
ous, and  thus  far  reasonably  successful. 

The  riot  in  New  York  developed  features  which  impair,  at  least 
for  the  moment,  its  political  effect.  It  yielded  to  the  presence  rather 
than  to  the  power  of  the  military  force  which  was  promptly  gath- 
ered there  by  the  War  Department.  There  are  apprehensions  of  a 
renewal  of  such  resistance  when  the  execution  of  the  draft  shall  be 
resumed,  and  a  sympathy  with  the  resistors  reveals  itself  in  some 
other  cities  and  towns.  It  is  not  easy  to  discern  how  far  these  ap- 
prehensions are  just.  I  think,  however,  that  by  a  firm  yet  prudent 
course  further  disturbance  will  be  averted,  while  the  law  of  Con- 
gress will  be  executed  and  the  national  authority  fully  maintained. 

August  12, 18(53.  —  Whenever  the  United  States  have  complained 
of  the  premature  decrees  of  Great  Britain  and  France,  which  ac- 
corded the  character  of  a  belligerent  to  the  insurgents,  the  statesmen 
of  those  countries  have  answered,  that  from  the  first,  they  agreed  in 
opinion  that  the  efforts  of  the  government  to  maintain  the  Union, 
and  preserve  the  integrity  of  the  Republic,  could  not  be  successful. 
With  a  view  to  correct  this  prejudgment  of  so  vital  a  question,  I  ad- 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON   THE   WAR.  101 

dressed  a  circular  letter  to  the  representatives  of  the  United  States 
in  foreign  countries  on  the  14th  day  of  April,  1862,  in  which  I  re- 
viewed the  operations  of  the  war  on  sea  and  land,  and  presented  the 
results  which  had  attended  it  down  to  that  period.  The  prejudice 
which  I'then  attempted  to  remove  still  remains,  and  it  constitutes 
the  basis  of  all  that  is  designedly  or  undesignedly  injurious  to  this 
country  in  the  policy  of  foreign  nations.  The  insurgents  have  been 
enabled  to  protract  their  resistance  by  means  of  sympathy  and  aid 
they  have  received  from  abroad,  and  the  expectation  of  further  and 
more  effective  foreign  assistance  is  now  their  chief  resource.  A  new 
effort,  therefore,  to  correct  that  prejudice  is  demanded  equally  by  a 
prudent  concern  for  our  foreign  relations,  and  by  the  paramount  in- 
terests of  peace  and  humanity  at  home. 

In  the  battles  of  August,  1862,  the  Union  forces  suffered  some 
severe  and  appalling  reverses,  But  they  resulted  in  the  reunion  of 
the  army  which  had  been  called  in  from  the  Peninsula,  below  Rich- 
mond, with  the  army  which  had  its  position  between  that  strongly 
fortified  seat  of  the  insurrection  and  this  capital.  The  wisdom  of 
this  reunion  was  soon  to  be  vindicated.  The  insurgent  army,  flushed 
with  its  recent  successes,  and  expecting  that  a  sympathetic  interest 
of  slavery  would  produce  an  uprising  of  the  people  of  Maryland  in 
its  favor,  for  the  first  time  crossed  the  Potomac  River.  Harper's 
Ferry,  with  many  prisoners,  fell  into  its  hands,  rather  through  acci- 
dents in  preparing  for  its  defence  than  because  it  was  indefensible. 
Nevertheless,  the  expectation  of  recruits  signally  failed.  General 
McClellan,  commanding  the  now  consolidated  forces  of  the  army  of 
the  Potomac,  was  reinforced  byN  fresh  levies  from  Pennsylvania,  and 
by  detachments  called  in  from  neighboring  forts.  He  drove  the  in- 
surgents from  their  positions  at  South  Mountain  and  Crampton's 
Gap.  About  the  middle  of  September  the  two  opposing  armies  con- 
fronted each  other  at  Sharpsburg,  and  a  pitched  battle  was  fought 
on  the  banks  of  the  Antietam  and  Potomac.  It  was  well  sustained 
on  both  sides.  Men  of  one  race  and  training  directed  the  armies 
whose  rank  and  file  were  substantially  of  one  blood,  and  even  nearly 
equal  in  numbers.  The  arrogant  assumption  of  superior  valor  and 
heroism  which  the  insurgents  had  brought  into  the  contest,  and  had 
cherished  throughout  its  early  stages,  perished  on  that  sanguinary 
field.  The  insurgent  army,  shattered  in  the  conflict,  abandoned  the 
invasion  of  Maryland,  and  sought  refuge  and  opportunity  to  recover 


102  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

its  wasted  strength  in  Virginia,  behind  its  accustomed  barrier,  the 
Potomac. 

While  Lee  was  thus  attempting  Maryland,  the  equally  bold  and 
alarming  enterprise  of  carrying  the  war  through  Kentucky  into  Ohio 
was  assigned  to  Bragg,  who  was  in  command  of  the  insurgent  army 
on  the  southern  border  of  Tennessee.  He,  with  great  rapidity, 
moved  from  Chattanooga,  turning  the  left  flank  of  General  Buell, 
and,  appealing  for  reinforcements  to  the  slavery-inspired  sentiments 
which  existed  in  Kentucky  and  Tennessee,  directed  his  forces  against 
Louisville  and  Cincinnati.  An  uprising  of  the  farmers  of  Ohio  con- 
fronted and  turned  away  the  devastation  from  the  latter  city.  Gen- 
eral Buell  followed  the  main  column  of  invasion,  outmarched  it  on 
the  way  to  Louisville,  and  obliged  it  to  take  a  direction  eastward. 
The  two  insurgent  columns,  being  united  at  Perryville,  were  at- 
tacked by  General  Buell.  The  battle,  like  all  of  our  contests,  was 
obstinate  and  bloody.  Bragg,  after  severe  losses,  retreated  through 
a  comparatively  barren  region,  and  Buell  was  obliged  to  abandon 
the  pursuit  by  the  complete  exhaustion  of  all  the  sources  of  supply. 
The  insurgent  commander  crossed  the  Cumberland  Mountains,  and 
then,  marching  westward,  took  up  a  position  at  Murfreesboro',  for- 
tified there,  and  proceeded  to  recruit  his  wasted  forces. 

Van  Dorn  and  Price  were  at  the  same  period  in  command  of  very 
considerable  forces  in  Mississippi  and  Alabama,  and  to  them  was  as- 
signed the  third  part  in  the  grand  invasion  of  the  loyal  states  which 
the  cabal  at  Richmond  had  decreed.  This  was  an  attempt,  as  they 
called  it,  to  deliver,  but  in  fact  to  subjugate,  western  Tennessee 
and  Kentucky.  General  Rosecrans  received  the  assault  of  those 
portions  of  the  insurgent  forces  at  Corinth,  defeated  them  with  great 
slaughter,  and  drove  them  backward,  so  that  they  neither  reached 
nor  approached  the  region  which  they  were  appointed  to  invade. 
General  Rosecrans,  called  to  succeed  General  Buell  in  command  of 
the  army  of  the  Cumberland,  then  entered  Nashville,  which  the  in- 
surgents had  before  invested  in  carrying  out  their  general  scheme 
of  invasion.  He  raised  the  siege,  and  prepared  for  offensive  action. 
In  the  last  days  of  the  year  he  issued  from  Nashville,  and  delivered 
a  sanguinary  battle  at  Stone  River,  which  gave  him  possession  of 
Murfreesboro'.  Bragg  retreated  to  Shelbyville  and  Tullahoma,  and 
there  again  rested  and  intrenched.  A  long  period  of  needed  rest 
was   now  employed   by  the    respective    parties  in   increasing  the 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  103 

strength  and  efficiency  of  their  armies ;  but  this  repose  was  broken 
by  frequent  skirmishes,  and  by  cavalry  expeditions,  which  pene- 
trated hostile  regions,  sometimes  hundreds  of  miles,  and  effected 
breaches  of  military  connections  and  a  destruction  of  military  stores 
upon  an  extensive  scale,  while  they  kept  up  the  spirit  of  the  troops, 
and  hardened  them  for  more  general  and  severe  conflicts. 

Vicksburg  then  remained  in  the  hands  of  the  insurgents,  the 
principal  key  to  the  navigation  of  the  Mississippi  River —  a  naviga- 
tion which  was  confessed  on  all  sides  to  be  absolutely  essential  to  the 
United  States,  and,  when  reopened  by  them,  fatal  to  the  insurrec- 
tion. The  duty  of  wresting  that  key  from  the  insurgents  had  been 
devolved  on  the  navy,  with  the  aid  of  a  considerable  land  force  then 
encamped  on  the  west  bank  of  the  Mississippi  River.  But  new  and 
unforeseen  difficulties  continually  baffled  the  enterprise,  and  seemed 
to  render  it  impossible.  General  Grant,  who  was  at  the  head  of 
the  Department  and  of  the  army  of  the  Tennessee,  at  length  as- 
sumed the  active  command  of  the  troops  investing  the  stronghold, 
and  these  were  adequately  reinforced.  The  naval  squadron  on  the 
Mississippi,  under  command  of  Rear-Admiral  Porter,  was  also 
steadily  increased  until  more  than  one  hundred  armed  vessels  were 
employed  upon  the  river,  including  many  iron-clad  gunboats  of 
great  power.  Part  of  the  Gulf  squadron,  under  Admiral  Farragut, 
gallantly  running  the  batteries  of  Port  Hudson  under  a  fierce  fire, 
cooperated  with  the  river  fleets.  Laborious  and  persevering  at- 
tempts were  made  to  open  an  artificial  channel  for  the  river  oppo- 
site Vicksburg,  as  had  been  done  with  such  signal  success  at  Island 
No.  10.  But  the  various  canals  projected  and  executed  failed,  and 
only  a  few  small  steamers  of  no  considerable  power  were  thus 
enabled  to  pass  the  city.  Combined  land  and  naval  expeditions 
were  also  sent  forth,  which,  with  infinite  pains  and  endurance, 
attempted  to  turn  the  enemy's  works  by  navigating  the  various 
bayous  and  sluggish  rivers,  whose  intricate  network  forms  so  singular 
a  feature  of  the  military  topography  of  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi. 
All  these  attempts  having  failed  from  physical  obstacles  found  to  be 
insurmountable,  General  Grant  and  Admiral  Porter  at  last  put 
afloat  armed  steamers  and  steam-transports,  which  ran  through  the 
fires  of  the  long  line  of  shore  batteries  which  the  insurgents  had 
erected  at  Vicksburg,  and  its  chief  supports,  Warrenton  and  Grand 
Gulf.     At  the  same  time  the  land  forces   moved  down  the  right 


104  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR 

bank  of  the  river  to  a  point  below  Grand  Gulf,  where  they  crossed 
in  the  steamers  which  had  effected  so  dangerous  a  passage.  The 
batteries  of  Grand  Gulf  for  several  hours  resisted  a  bombardment 
by  the  gunboats  at  short  range,  but  they  fell  into  the  hands  of  the 
Admiral  as  soon  as  General  Grant's  forces  appeared  behind  them. 
General  Grant,  through  a  series  of  brilliant  manoeuvres,  with 
marches  interrupted  by  desperate  battles  day  after  day,  succeeded  in 
dividing  and  separating  the  insurgent  forces.  He  then  attacked  the 
chief  auxiliary  column  under  Johnston  and  drove  it  out  of  Jackson, 
the  capital  of  Mississippi.  Having  destroyed  the  railroad  bridges  and 
military  stores  there,  General  Grant  turned  at  once  to  the  west. 
Numerous  combats  ensued,  in  all  of  which  the  loyal  arms  were  suc- 
cessful. Loring,  with  a  considerable  insurgent  force,  was  driven  off 
towards  the  southeast,  while  Pemberton,  after  a  loss  of  sixty  pieces 
of  artillery  and  many  prisoners,  regained  his  shelter  within  the 
fortified  lines  of  Vicksburg,  with  an  army  now'  reduced  to  between 
thirty  thousand  and  forty  thousand  men.  During  those  movements 
the  heavy  batteries  of  the  insurgents  which  were  established  near 
the  mouth  of  the  Yazoo  River,  and  which  constituted  an  important 
part  of  the  defensive  system  of  Vicksburg,  were  taken  and  razed  by 
Rear-Admiral  Porter,  who  thereupon  sent  a  detachment  of  his  fleet 
up  that  important  tributary  of  the  Mississippi,  and  effectually 
destroyed  the  numerous  vessels  and  stores  which  were  found  within 
and  upon  its  banks.  General  Grant,  during  these  brilliant  opera- 
tions, had  necessarily  operated  by  a  movable  column.  He  now  re- 
established his  communications  with  the  river  fleets  above  as  well 
as  below  Vicksburg,  invested  the  town,  and,  ignorant  of  the  numbers 
enclosed  within  its  defences,  attempted  an  assault.  Though  bravely 
and  vigorously  made,  it  was  nevertheless  unsuccessful.  He  there- 
upon sat  down  before  the  fortifications,  to  reduce  them  by  the  less 
bloody,  but  sure,  methods  of  siege.  Pemberton  made  a  gallant 
defence,  hoping  for  relief  from  Johnston.  Strenuous  efforts  were 
made  by  the  chiefs  at  Richmond  to  enable  Johnston  to  render  that 
assistance.  They  detached  and  sent  to  him  troops  from  Bragg's 
army  on  the  frontier  of  Alabama,  and  from  Beauregard's  command 
in  South  Carolina,  and  in  doing  this  they  endangered  both  of  those 
armies.  All  the  capable  free  men  of  Mississippi  were  called  to  the 
rescue  of  the  capital  of  their  state,  and  to  save  the  stronghold  of  the 
treasonable  confederacy  which  was  besieged  within   their  limits. 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  105 

Moreover,  the  besieged  post  was  in  the  very  centre  of  the  slave 
population  of  that  confederacy,  and  the  President's  proclamation  of 
freedom  would  be  sounded  in  their  hearing  if  the  stronghold  should 
fall.  But  the  effort  required  was  too  great  for  the  demoralized  and 
exhausted  condition  of  the  insurgents.  Johnston  did  not  arrive  to 
raise  the  siege,  nor  did  success  attend  any  of  the  attempts  from 
within  to  break  the  skilfully  drawn  lines  of  General  Grant.  On 
the  fourth  of  July  General  Pemberton  laid  down  his  arms  and  sur- 
rendered the  post,  with  thirty  thousand  men,  two  hundred  pieces  of 
artillery,  seventy  thousand  small  arms,  and  ammunition  sufficient 
for  a  six  years'  defence.  This  capture  was  as  remarkable  as  the 
famous  one  made  by  Napoleon  at  Ulm. 

On  the  same  day  an  insurgent  attack  upon  General  Prentiss,  at 
Helena,  situated  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Mississippi,  in  the  State 
of  Arkansas,  was  repulsed  with  the  loss  of  many  prisoners  on  the 
part  of  the  assailants.  As  if  the  anniversary  so  identified  with  the 
nation's  hopes  was  appointed  to  be  peculiarly  eventful,  Lee,  who 
had  again  entered  Maryland,  and  passing  through  that  state  had 
approached  the  Susquehanna,  threatening  Harrisburg,  Pittsburg, 
Philadelphia,  and  Baltimore,  fell  back,  after  pitched  battles  con- 
tinued for  three  days  at  Gettysburg,  and  resumed  his  retreat,  with 
an  army  even  worse  shattered  than  before,  to  his  accustomed  posi- 
tion on  the  Rappahannock. 

On  the  eighth  of  July  the  insurgent  garrison  at  Port  Hudson,  six 
thousand  strong,  after  enduring  a  long  siege  with  the  utmost 
courage,  surrendered  unconditionally  to  General  Banks ;  and  thus 
the  United  States  recovered  from  the  insurgents  the  last  of  the 
numerous  posts  by  which  for  more  than  two  years  they  had  effectu- 
ally destroyed  the  navigation  of  the  Mississippi.  This  great  river, 
which  in  time  of  peace  contributes  relatively  as  much  towards  a 
supply  of  the  increased  wants  of  mankind  as  the  Nile  did  to  those 
wants  in  the  time  of  the  Roman  Empire,  is  now  again  opened  to 
the  inland  commerce  of  the  country.  Steamers  descend  the  river 
and  its  tributaries  from  the  navigable  floods  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico. 
It  is  not  to  be  doubted  that  the  insurgent  losses  in  these  operations 
upon  the  Mississippi  amount  to  fifty  thousand  men  and  three  hundred 
pieces  of  artillery,  a  large  portion  of  which  were  of  heavy  calibre. 
Johnston's  army,  which,  at  the  time  of  the  surrender,  was  advanc- 
ing to  threaten  the  besiegers,  at  once  fell  back  to  Jackson,  and  it 


106  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

was  again  driven  from  that  capital  by  a  detachment  which  General 
Grant  had  committed  to  the  command  of  General  Sherman.  In 
retiring,  Johnston  fired  many  buildings  filled  with  munitions  of 
war,  and  abandoned  a  large  quantity  of  railroad  locomotives  and 
cars,  which  had  been  detained  at  that  place  by  reason  of  the  rail- 
roads north,  south,  east,  and  west  of  Jackson  having  been  previously 
cut  by  the  government  forces. 

General  Sherman  now  desisted  from  the  pursuit  of  Johnston  and 
returned  to  Vicksburg,  where  a  portion  of  the  army  is  enjoying  re- 
pose, not  more  necessary  than  well  earned,  while  others  are  engaged 
in  expelling  from  the  vicinity  of  the  Mississippi  roving  bands  of  the 
insurgents  who  infest  its  banks  and  fire  from  thence  upon  passing 
steamers.  It  is  reported  that  Johnston,  with  the  troops  at  his 
command,  now  said  to  be  twenty-five  thousand,  has  fallen  back  to 
Meridian,  on  the  eastern  border  of  Mississippi,  a  hundred  and 
twenty  miles  east  of  Vicksburg,  so  that  the  state,  whose  misguided 
people  were  among  the  earliest  and  most  intemperate  abettors  of 
the  insurrection,  is  virtually  abandoned  by  its  military  agents. 

In  Louisiana,  General  Banks  succeeded  General  Butler.  After 
spending  some  months  in  organizing  the  Department  and  disciplining 
the  new  levies  which  constituted  its  force,  General  Banks  made  a 
rapid  and  successful  series  of  marches  and  contests,  in  which  he 
drove  the  insurgent  troops  out  of  the  Attakapas  and  Teche  regions, 
well  known  as  the  richest  portions  of  that  very  productive  state, 
captured  Alexandria  and  Donaldsonville,  the  seats  of  its  fugitive 
seditious  executive  and  legislative  authorities,  crossed  the  Missis- 
sippi at  Bayou  Sara,  and  there  receiving  an  additional  column 
which  was  ascending  from  Baton  Rouge,  invested  Port  Hudson, 
which,  excluding  Vicksburg,  was  the  only  remaining  stronghold  of 
the  insurrection  on  the  great  river. 

It  will  be  remembered  that  on  the  22d  day  of  September,  1862, 
the  President  issued  a  proclamation  requiring  the  insurgents  to  lay 
down  their  arms  and  return  to  their  allegiance,  under  the  penalty 
that  in  all  the  districts  where  the  insurrection  should  be  still  main- 
tained with  the  support  of  the  people,  he  would  on  the  first  of 
January  then  next  proclaim  as  a  military  measure  the  freedom  of 
the  slaves.  The  warning  was  generally  rejected  and  defied,  but  the 
proclamation  which  it  heralded  was  duly  issued.  As  the  national 
armies  advanced  into  the  insurrectionary  territories,  slaves  in  con- 


DIARY,   OK   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  107 

siderable  numbers  accepted  their  freedom  and  came  under  the  pro- 
tection of  the  national  flag.  Amidst  the  great  prejudice  and  many 
embarrassments  which  attended  a  measure  so  new  and  so  divergent 
from  the  political  habits  of  the  country,  freedmen  with  commenda- 
ble alacrity  enlisted  in  the  Federal  army.  There  was  in  some  quar- 
ters a  painful  inquiry  about  their  moral  capacity  for  service.  That 
uncertainty  was  brought  to  a  sudden  end  in  the  siege  of  Port  Hud- 
son. The  newly  raised  negro  regiments  exhibited  all  necessary 
valor  and  devotion  in  the  military  assaults  which  were  made,  with 
desperate  courage,  and  not  without  fearful  loss,  by  General  Banks. 
This  protracted  operation  engaged  nearly  all  of  General  Banks' 
available  forces.  While  it  was  going  on,  insurgent  troops  which 
were  called  up  from  Texas  re-occupied  much  of  the  southwestern 
portion  of  Louisiana  which  he  had  before  reclaimed.  The  surrender 
of  Port  Hudson,  however,  set  his  army  at  liberty,  and  he  has 
already  made  considerable  progress  in  restoring  the  national  author- 
ity thus  temporarily  displaced. 

The  complete  occupation  of  the  Mississippi  by  the  national  forces 
has  effectually  divided  the  insurrectionary  region  into  two  parts ; 
and  among  the  important  features  of  this  division,  one  which  is  of 
the  highest  practical  significance  is,  that  the  field  of  military  opera- 
tions of  the  insurrection  is  chiefly  on  the  eastern  side  of  the  river, 
while  its  supplies  have  been  mainly  drawn  from  the  prairies  of 
Arkansas  and  Texas,  which  stretch  away  from  the  western  shore. 
These  prairies  can  no  longer  supply  the  insurgents  with  cattle  for 
sustenance  and  use  in  the  field,  and,  on  the  other  hand,  arms,  ord- 
nance, and  ammunition  can  no  longer  be  sent  from  the  eastern 
manufactories  and  deposits  to  forces  employed  or  in  garrison  in  the 
west.  The  value  of  the  acquisition  of  the  Mississippi  in  this  respect 
was  illustrated  only  a  few  days  since  in  the  capture  by  General 
Grant,  near  Natchez,  of  five  thousand  beeves  and  two  thousand 
mules  which  had  crossed  to  the  eastern  bank,  and  at  the  same  time 
many  hundred  thousands  of  cartridges  and  other  stores  which  had 
just  been  landed  at  the  western  end  of  the  same  ferry. 

A  vigorous  blockade  has  been  maintained  at  Charleston  ;  and 
although  fast  steamers  of  light  draught,  and  painted  with  obscure 
colors,  occasionally  succeed  in  slipping  through  the  blockading 
squadron  in  the  morning  and  evening  twilight,  many  are  destined, 
and  more  are  captured.     An  attack  by  the  fleet  made  on  the  sev- 


108  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

enth  day  of  April  last,  upon  the  forts  and  batteries  which  defend 
the  harbor,  failed  because  the  rope  obstructions  in  the  channel 
fouled  the  screws  of  the  iron-clads  and  compelled  them  to  retire 
after  passing  through  the  fire  of  the  batteries.  Those  vessels  bore 
the  fire  of  the  forts,  although  some  defects  of  construction  were 
revealed  by  the  injuries  they  received.  The  crews  passed  through 
an  unexampled  cannonade  with  singular  impunity.  Not  one  life 
was  lost  on  board  of  a  monitor.  The  defects  disclosed  have  been 
remedied,  and  an  attack  is  now  in  progress,  with  good  prospect 
of  ultimate  success,  having  for  its  object  the  reduction  of  the  forts 
in  the  harbor  by  combined  sea  and  land  forces.  We  occupy  more 
than  half  of  Morris  Island  with  land  forces,  which,  aided  by  bat- 
teries afloat  and  batteries  ashore,  are  pushing  siege  works  up  to  Fort 
Wagner,  a  strong  earthwork  which  has  been  twice  assaulted  with 
great  gallantry,  but  without  success.  On  the  17th  of  June  the 
Atlanta,  which  was  regarded  by  the  insurgents  as  their  most 
formidable  iron-clad  vessel,  left  Savannah,  and  came  down  the  Wil- 
mington River.  The  national  iron-clads  Weehawken,  Captain 
John  Rogers,  and  Nahant,  Commander  John  Downes,  were  in 
readiness  to  meet  her.  At  four  o'clock  fifty-four  minutes  the  At- 
lanta fired  a  rifle-shot  across  the  stern  of  the  Weehawken,  which 
struck  near  the  Nahant.  At  5.15  the  Weehawken,  at  a  range  of 
three  hundred  yards,  opened  upon  the  Atlanta,  which  had  then 
grounded.  The  Weehawken  fired  five  shots,  four  of  which  took 
effect  on  the  Atlanta.  She  surrendered  at  five  o'clock  and  thirty 
minutes. 

Our  lines  have  not  changed  in  North  Carolina.  All  attempts  of 
the  insurgents  to  recapture  the  towns  from  which  they  had  been 
expelled  had  been  repulsed.  Much  damage  has  been  inflicted  upon 
their  communications,  and  valuable  military  stores  have  been  de- 
stroyed by  expeditions  into  the  interior.  North  Carolina  shows 
some  symptoms  of  disaffection  towards  the  insurgent  league.  Sim- 
ilar indications  are  exhibited  in  Mississippi,  Alabama,  Arkansas, 
and  Texas. 

The  situation  on  the  York  and  James  rivers  has  remained  un- 
changed since  the  withdrawal  of  the  army  of  General  McClellau 
from  the  Peninsula  a  year  ago.  Attempts  by  the  insurgents  to 
retake  Williamsburg  and  Suffolk  have  been  defeated,  but  the  garri- 
son at  the  latter  place  has  been  withdrawn,  for  purely  military 
reasons,  to  a  more  defensible  line. 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  109 

I  now  return  to  the  army  of  the  Potomac,  which  was  left  resting 
and  refitting  after  putting  an  end  to  the  first  insurgent  invasion  of 
Maryland.  General  McClellan  recrossed  the  Potomac  and  entered 
Virginia  in  November,  and  obliged  the  invading  forces  under  Lee 
to  fall  backward  to  Gordonsville,  south  of  the  Rappahannock. 
When  the  army  of  the  Potomac  reached  Warren  ton  it  was  placed 
under  command  of  General  Burnside.  He  inarched  to  Falmouth, 
hoping  to  cross  the  Rappahannock  at  Fredericksburg,  and  to  move 
at  once  upon  Richmond.  Delays,  resulting  from  various  causes, 
without  fault  of  the  General,  permitted  the  insurgents  to  occupy  the 
heights  of  Fredericksburg,  and  when,  at  length,  in  December,  Gen- 
eral Burnside  crossed  the  Rappahannock,  his  assault  upon  Lee's 
well  fortified  position  failed.  He  skilfully  recrossed  the  river  with- 
out loss.  General  Hooker  succeeded  to  the  command,  and  it  was  not 
until  the  beginning  of  May  that  the  condition  of  the  river  and  roads 
permitted  a  renewal  of  offensive  operations.  The  General  crossed 
the  Rappahannock  and  accepted  a  battle,  which  proved  equally 
sanguinary  to  both  parties,  and  unsuccessful  to  the  army  of  the 
Potomac.  The  heights  of  Fredericksburg  were  captured  by  General 
Sedgwick's  corps,  but  the  whole  army  was  compelled  to  return  to 
the  north  bank  of  the  river.  After  this  battle,  Lee,  in  the  latter 
part  of  May  and  in  June,  withdrew  his  army  from  General  Hooker's 
front,  and  ascended  the  south  bank  of  the  Rapidan,  towards  the 
sources  of  the  Rappahannock,  entered  the  Shenandoah  valley,  and 
once  more  tempted  the  fortune  of  war  by  invading  the  loyal  states. 
A  severe  cavalry  engagement  at  Beverly  Ford  unmasked  this  move- 
ment. The  army  of  the  Potomac  broke  up  its  camps  and  marched  to 
theencounter.  The  militia  of  Maryland,  Pennsylvania,  and  New  York 
flew  to  arms,  and  occupied  Baltimore,  Harrisburg,  and  the  line  of  the 
Susquehanna.  The  two  armies  met. at  Gettysburg,  in  Pennsylvania, 
and  after  a  fierce  contest  of  three  days'  duration,  and  terrible 
slaughter  on  both  sides,  the  insurgents  recoiled  from  the  position 
held  by  General  Meade,  who  had  then  been  only  four  days  in  com- 
mand of  the  army  of  the  Potomac.  On  the  4th  of  July,  the  day  of 
the  surrender  of  Vicksburg,  Lee  retreated,  passing  through  Cham- 
bersburg  and  Hagerstown  to  Williamsport,  where  the  proper  dispo- 
sition to  attack  him  was  made  by  General  Meade.  Deceived  con- 
cerning the  state  of  the  river,  supposed  to  be  unfordable,  General 
Meade,  hourly  expecting  reinforcements,  delayed  the  attack  a  day 


110  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

too  long,  and  the  insurgents,  partly  by  fording  and  partly  by  float- 
ing bridges,  succeeded  in  withdrawing  across  the  river  by  night, 
with  their  artillery  and  a  great  part  of  their  baggage.  Much  of 
this  baggage,  as  well  as  of  the  plunder  which  Lee  had  collected, 
was  destroyed  by  cavalry,  or  thrown  out  of  the  wagons  to  make 
room  for  the  wounded  whom  Lee  carried  off  from  the  battle-field. 
He  had  buried  most  of  his  dead  of  the  first  day's  conflict  at  Gettys- 
burg. The  remainder,  together  with  those  who  fell  on  the  second 
and  third  days  of  the  battle,  in  all  forty-five  hundred,  were  buried 
by  the  victorious  army.  Many  thousand  insurgents,  wounded  and 
captives,  fell  into  the  hands  of  General  Meade.  It  is  not  doubted 
that  this  second  unsuccessful  invasion  cost  the  insurgents  forty 
thousand  men.  Our  own  loss  was  severe,  for  the  strife  was  ob- 
stinate and  deadly.  General  Meade  crossed  the  Potomac.  Lee 
retired  again  to  Gordonsville,  where  he  is  now  understood  to  be  in 
front  of  our  forces. 

While  the  stirring  events  which  have  been  related  were  occur- 
ring in  the  east  and  in  the  west,  General  Rosecrans  advanced  upon 
Bragg,  who,  with  little  fighting,  hastily  abandoned  his  fortified 
positions  of  Slielbyville  and  Tullahoma,  in  southern  Tennessee. 
General  Rosecrans  took,  and  yet  holds  them,  while  Bragg  with 
severe  toss  in  a  hurried  retreat  has  fallen  back  to  Chattanooga.  It 
is  understood  that  his  army  had  been  already  much  weakened  by 
detachments  sent  from  it  to  reinforce  Johnston,  with  a  view  to  a 
raising  of  the  siege  of  Vicksburg. 

I  must  not  overlook  the  operations  of  cavalr3r.  General  Stone- 
man,  in  connection  with  the  movement  upon  Chancellorsville,  made 
a  rapid  and  effective  passage  through  the  insurgent  country,  from 
the  Rappahannock  to  the  York  River,  which  will  be  remembered 
among  the  striking  achievements  of  the  war.  While  our  forces  were 
operating  against  Vicksburg  and  Port  Hudson,  Colonel  Grierson, 
with  a  force  of  fifteen  hundred  men,  left  Corinth,  on  the  northern 
border  of  the  State  of  Mississippi,  and  made  an  expedition,  in  which 
he  broke  military  communications,  destroyed  stores,  and  effected 
captures  through  the  length  and  breadth  of  the  state,  and  finally, 
without  serious  loss,  joined  the  army  of  General  Banks,  then  en- 
gaged in  the  siege  of  Port  Hudson. 

John  Morgan,  hitherto  the  most  successful  of  the  insurgent  par- 
tisans, recently  passed  around  the  lines  of  General   Burnside,  and 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  Ill 

crossed  the  States  of  Tennessee  and  Kentucky.  Moving  northward, 
and  avoiding  all  large  bodies  of  our  troops,  he  reached  the  Ohio 
River  at  Brandenburg,  below  Louisville,  and  seized  two  steamboats, 
with  which  he  crossed  into  Indiana.  Thence  proceeding  rapidly 
eastward,  subsisting  on  the  country  and  impressing  horses  as  his 
own  gave  out,  he  traversed  a  portion  of  Indiana  and  nearly  the 
whole  breadth  of  Ohio,  destroying  railroad  stations  and  bridges, 
and  plundering  the  defenceless  villages.  The  people  rallied  to  arms 
under  the  calls  of  their  governors.  Son*e  of  them  occupied  the 
most  important  points,  while  others  barricaded  the  roads  or  hung 
upon  the  rear  of  the  intruders.  Morgan  found  no  disaffected  citi- 
zens to  recruit  his  wasted  ranks,  and  when  he  reached  the  Ohio  his 
force  was  prevented  from  crossing  by  the  gunboats  and  driven  back- 
ward with  great  slaughter.  His  force  was  between  two  thousand 
five  hundred  and  four  thousand  horse,  with  several  pieces  of  artil- 
lery. Only  some  three  hundred  succeeded  in  recrossing  the  Ohio 
and  escaping  into  the  wilds  of  western  Virginia.  Many  perished  in 
battles  and  skirmishes,  and  the  remainder,  including  Morgan  him- 
self, his  principal  officers,  and  all  his  artillery,  were  finally  captured 
by  the  national  forces.  An  attempt  has  just  been  made  by  the 
insurgents  to  invade  eastern  Kentucky,  which  probably  was  begun 
with  a  view  to  make  a  diversion  in  favor  of  Morgan's  escape,  but  the 
forces,  after  penetrating  as  far  as  Lexington,  have  been  routed  by 
detachments  from  General  Burnside's  army  and  pursued,  with  the 
capture  of  many  prisoners  and  of  all  their  artillery. 

This  review  of  the  campaign  shows  that  no  great  progress  has 
been  made  by  our  arms  in  the  east.  The  opposing  forces  there 
have  been  too  equally  matched  to  allow  great  advantages  to  accrue  to 
either  party,  while  the  necessity  for  covering  the  national  capital 
in  all  contingencies  has  constantly  restrained  our  generals  and  for- 
bidden such  bold  and  dangerous  movements  as  usually  conduct  to 
brilliant  military  success.  In  the  west,  however,  the  results  have 
been  more  gratifying.  Fifty  thousand  square  miles  have  been 
reclaimed  from  the  possession  of  the  insurgents.  On  referring  to 
the  annexed  map  it  will  be  seen  that  since  the  breaking  out  of  the 
insurrection  the  government  has  extended  its  former  sway  over  and 
through  a  region  of  two  hundred  thousand  square  miles,  an  area  as 
large  as  Austria  or  France,  or  the  peninsula  of  Spain  and  Portugal. 
The  insurgents  lost  in  the  various  field  and  siege  operations  of 


112  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

the  month  of  July,  which  I  have  described,  one  third  of  their  whole 
forces. 

Jefferson  Davis,  the  leader  of  the  sedition,  has  since  proclaimed  a 
levy  of  all  the  able-bodied  men  within  his  military  lines.  This,  if 
carried  into  effect,  will  exhaust  the  whole  material  of  which  soldiers 
can  be  made.  The  insurgents  estimate  the  total  number  of  con- 
scripts thus  to  be  gained  at  from  70,000  to  95,000.  Our  armies 
now  confront  the  insurgents  at  all  points  with  superior  numbers. 
A  draft  for  three  hundred  thousand  more  is  in  progress  to  replace 
those  whose  terms  of  service  have  expired,  and  to  fill  up  the  wasted 
ranks  of  our  veteran  regiments,  and  the  people,  just  so  fast  as  the 
evidence  of  the  necessity  for  that  measure  is  received  and  digested, 
submit  with  cheerfulness  to  the  ascertained  demands.  Our  armies 
everywhere  are  well  equipped,  abundantly  fed,  and  supplied  with 
all  the  means  of  transportation.  The  soldiers  of  two  years'  service 
bear  themselves  as  veterans,  and  show  greater  steadiness  In  every 
conflict.  The  men,  accustomed  to  the  camp,  and  hardened  by  exer- 
cise and  experience,  make  marches  which  would  have  been  impossi- 
ble in  the  beginning  of  the  contest.  The  nation  is  becoming  familiar 
with  arms,  and  easily  takes  on  the  habits  of  war.  Large  voluntary 
enlistments  continually  augment  our  military  force.  All  supplies 
are  abundantly  and  cheaply  purchased  within  our  lines.  The 
country  shows  no  sign  of  exhaustion  of  money,  material,  or  men. 
A  requisition  for  6,200  re-mount  horses  was  filled,  and  the  animals 
despatched  from  Washington,  all  in  four  days.  Our  loan  is  pur- 
chased at  par  by  our  own  citizens,  at  the  average  rate  of  $1,200,000 
daily.  Gold  sells,  in  our  market,  at  12o  to  128,  while  in  the  insur- 
rectionary region  it  commands  1,200  per  cent,  premium. 

Every  insurgent  port  is  either  blockaded,  besieged,  or  occupied 
by  the  national  forces.  The  field  of  the  projected  confederacy  is 
divided  by  the  Mississippi.  All  the  fortifications  on  its  banks  are 
in  our  hands,  and  its  flood  is  patrolled  by  the  Federal  fleet. 

Missouri,  Kentucky,  Delaware,  Maryland — all  slave  states  — 
support  the  Federal  government.  Missouri  has  already  in  conven- 
tion ordained  the  gradual  abolition  of  slavery,  to  take  effect  at  the 
expiration  of  seven  years.  Four  fifths  of  Tennessee,  two  thirds  of 
Virginia,  the  coasts  and  sounds  of  North  Carolina,  half  of  Missis- 
sippi and  half  of  Louisiana,  with  all  their  large  cities,  part  of  Ala- 
bama and  the  whole  sea-coast  of  Georgia  and  South  Carolina,  and 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  113 

no  inconsiderable  part  of  the  coast  of  Florida,  are  held  by  the 
United  States.  The  insurgents,  with  the  slaves  whom  they  yet 
hold  in  defiance  of  the  President's  proclamation,  are  now  crowded 
into  the  central  and  southern  portions  of  Virginia,  North  Carolina, 
South  Carolina,  Georgia,  and  Alabama,  while  the  pioneer  slave- 
holding  insurgents  beyond  the  Mississippi  are  cut  off  from  the  main 
force.  On  the  other  hand,  although  it  is  less  than  six  months  since 
the  laws  or  customs  of  the  United  States  would  allow  a  man  of 
African  descent  to  bear  arms  in  defence  of  his  country,  there  are 
now  in  the  field  twenty-two  thousand  regularly  enlisted,  armed,  and 
equipped  soldiers  of  that  class,  while  fifty  regiments  of  a  thousand 
each  are  in  process  of  organization,  and  62,800  persons  of  the  same 
class  are  employed  as  teamsters,  laborers,  and  camp  followers. 
These  facts  show  that,  as  the  insurrection  continues,  the  unfortu- 
nate servile  population,  which  was  at  the  beginning  an  element  of 
its  strength,  is  being  transferred  to  the  support  of  the  Union. 

August  25,  1863.  —  According  to  Richmond  newspapers,  Fort 
Sumter  was  reduced  to  a  mass  of  ruins  on  Saturday,  the  22d 
instant,  by  the  combined  land  and  naval  attack  of  the  Union  forces. 
They  also  state  that  General  Gilmore,  having  ascertained  that  by 
means  of  his  rifled  projectiles  he  could  easily  bombard  Charleston, 
though  at  a  distance  of  nearly  five  miles,  had  given  the  customary 
notice  for  the  withdrawal  of  the  women  and  children,  and  it  is  pre- 
sumed that  the  bombardment  has  taken  place  accordingly. 

August  31,  1863.  —  The  siege  of  Charleston  is  proceeding  with 
apparent  success.  The  movements  of  General  Rosecrans  and  Gen- 
eral Burnside,  in  their  operations  with  regard  to  East  Tennessee, 
are  as  difficult  as  they  are  important.  Our  information  from  them 
is  satisfactory.  The  interests  of  the  Union  in  Texas  are  not  over- 
looked. 

You  will  have  already  learned  that  the  expectations  of  the  insur- 
gents which  were  built  on  a  riot  in  New  York,  such  as  often  hap- 
pens in  all  great  cities,  have  been  disappointed.  The  reinforcement 
of  the  army  and  the  increase  of  the  navy  are  going  on  with  all  rea- 
sonable success.  The  riot  proceeded  upon  a  false  assumption  of  in- 
terested persons  that  the  country  was  wearied  and  exhausted  by  this 
unfortunate  civil  war.  It  is  now  perceived  that  it  is  as  prosperous 
and  as  strong  as  it  has  been  at  any  former  period  of  its  history.  It 
desires  peace,  but  not  immoderately. 


114  DIARY,   OR   NOTES  ON   THE   WAR. 

September  5,  1863.  — No  fortunate  military  incident  has  occurred 
to  revive  the  hopes  of  the  insurgents,  while  Union  sieges  and 
marches  have  gone  on  favorably.  The  insurgents  have  burned 
much  ancl  lost  more  of  the  cotton  that  they  had  pledged  to  Euro- 
pean creditors,  while  the  price  of  gold  in  their  currency  has  risen, 
within  two  months,  from  1,000  per  cent,  to  1,600  per  cent.,  which 
is  the  last  reported  rate.  The  insurgent  financiers  last  winter 
adopted  wheat  instead  of  gold  for  the  standard  of  values,  and  fixed 
that  of  wheat,  if  I  remember  rightly,  at  five  dollars  per  bushel. 
It  is  now  reported  that  the  farmer  refuses  to  thresh  his  wheat,  and 
the  government  agents  are  considering  whether  the  power  to  appro- 
priate at  five  dollars  does  not  also  include  the  necessary  prelimi- 
nary power  to  thresh  the  grain. 

You  have  rightly  assumed  that  the  safe  occupation  of  New  Or- 
leans, so  long  as  it  is  maintained,  is  sufficient  guarantee  for  the  suc- 
cess of  the  government.  We  are,  however,  not  without  some  concern 
on  that  subject;  for  in  the  first  place  we  have  no  clearly  reliable 
assurances  that  the  British  government  will  prevent  the  departure 
of  the  iron  rams,  which  are  being  prepared  in  British  shipyards 
for  that  or  some  similar  purpose.  And  next,  notwithstanding  the 
great  energy  of  the  Navy  Department,  it  has  not  yet  brought  out 
the  vessels  upon  which  we  can  confidently  rely  for  adequate  defence 
against  such  an  enterprise.  Nevertheless,  Mr.  Adams  is  making 
the  best  possible  efforts  with  reference  to  the  first  point,  and  our 
naval  means,  which  certainly  are  neither  small  nor  inefficient,  are 
rapidly  increasing. 

September  7,  1863. — We  continue  to  have  favorable  reports  of 
our  military  and  naval  operations.  Fort  Sumter  has  virtually  been 
destroyed,  and  the  besieging  officers  report  that  the  siege  of  Charles- 
ton is  going  on  favorably. 

General  Rosecrans  on  the  right,  and  General  Burn  side  on  the  left, 
have  occupied  Stevenson,  Kingston,  and  Knoxville,  and  thus  effect- 
ually broken  the  chief  military  connection  between  the  insurgents 
at  Richmond  and  their  Confederate  forces  in  the  Gulf  states.  I 
need  not  expatiate  on  the  strategic  importance  of  this  movement. 
The  United  States  forces  are  advancing  successfully  towards  Little 
Rock,  in  Arkansas. 

A  new  expedition  is  ready  to  proceed  from  New  Orleans  to  Texas. 
There  is  no  change  in  the  position  of  the  opposing  forces  in  Vir- 
ginia. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR.  115 

All  local  resistance  of  the  draft  seems  at  an  end,  and  the  United 
States  armies  are  now  being  effectually  augmented. 

September  22,  1863.  —  The  opening  of  the  campaign  is  attended 
with  some  embarrassments,  which,  in  the  excitement  of  the  moment, 
are  likely  to  be  exaggerated.  The  expedition  of  General  Franklin 
to  Sabine  Pass  was  only  one  of  three  designed  to  reestablish  the  na- 
tional authority  in  Texas.  Its  repulse  may  retard,  but  it  is  not 
thought  that  it  endangers,  the  success  of  the  plan. 

Official  despatches  from  the  army  of  the  Cumberland  have  been 
received  of  a  date  so  late  as  two  o'clock  p.  M.  of  the  21st.  They  are 
inexplicit,  but  the  general  effect  is  thought  to  justify  the  expectation 
of  our  continuing  to  hold  our  important  positions  in  Tennessee. 

September  28,  1863.  —  It  seems  desirable  that  you  should  have  a 
correct  view  of  the  present  military  situation.  We  feel  entirely  safe 
in  the  occupation  of  New  Orleans  and  the  Mississippi.  The  forces 
are  marching  to  occupy  Texas. 

We  have  a  sufficient  force  in  front  of  this  capital,  as  we  suppose, 
to  assure  us  against  aggressive  movements  of  the  insurgents  in  this 
quarter. 

We  trust  that  Rosecrans  will  be  safe  in  Chattanooga  until  the 
large  reinforcements,  which  are  going  to  him  from  three  points,  shall 
reach  him  there.  Once  at  Chattanooga,  we  think  we  shall  have  the 
principal  forces  of  the  insurgents  confined  and  practically  harmless 
within  the  circle  of  Georgia  and  Alabama.  Charleston  is  not  neg- 
lected. 

October  20,  1863.  —  Recent  domestic  military  events  have  no 
striking  importance.  Our  forces  in  East  Tennessee  have  made  suc- 
cessful advances.  General  Rosecrans  has  remained  unmolested  while 
fortifying  and  being  reinforced  at  Chattanooga.  The  attempts  of 
the  insurgents  to  break  his  communications  have  failed,  and  they 
have  suffered  some  disasters.  Lee's  army  having  crossed  the  Rapi- 
dan,  General  Meade  withdrew  to  Centreville,  where  he  observes  the 
enemy.  The  siege  of  Charleston  continues.  We  have  heard  favor- 
able reports  from  General  Banks'  movement  against  Texas. 

The  annual  elections  have  taken  place  in  Ohio,  Pennsylvania,  and 
Iowa,  and  the  results,  compared  with  those  of  the  previous  year,  are 
auspicious  to  the  Union. 

The  President  has  called  for  three  hundred  thousand  troops  by 
voluntary  enlistment,  with  the  alternative  of  a  draft,  and  the  public 
sentiment  cheerfully  sustains  the  call. 


116  DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON   THE   WAR. 

November  9,  1863.  —  The  progress  of  military  operations  in  the 
several  departments  is,  on  the  whole,  not  unsatisfactory.  The  elec- 
tions for  the  year  have  closed  with  manifestations  of  confidence  in  the 
government,  contrasting  strongly  with  the  despondency  and  distrac- 
tion which  attended  the  last  meeting  of  Congress.  Only  one  question 
seemingly  agitated  the  public  mind,  namely,  the  principles  in  regard 
to  slavery  on  which  the  Federal  authority  shall  be  restored  in  the  in- 
surgent region.  I  have  already  told  you  that,  in  the  President's 
opinion,  this  question  is  as  yet  premature,  because,  as  yet,  neither  of 
the  insurgent  states  is  actually  asking  restoration.  I  have  now7  to 
add  that,  according  to  present  indications,  the  question,  when  it  shall 
arise,  is  likely  to  be  attended  with  much  less  difficulty  than  is  now 
generally  apprehended.  It  is,  perhaps,  the  most  gratifying  result  of 
the  war  for  the  Union  that,  wherever  its  flag  advances,  convictions 
of  the  importance  of  emancipation  meet  it.  No  desire  for  the  resto- 
ration or  the  preservation  of  slavery  is  manifested  by  the  citizens 
who  adhere  or  reaccede  to  the  Union.  On  the  other  hand,  the 
friends  of  the  Union  in  the  insurrectionary  states  manifest  an  une- 
quivocal determination,  even  before  reorganizing  the  state  govern- 
ments, to  suppress  slavery  as  an  institution  now  proven  to  be  eco- 
nomically useless  and  politically  dangerous  and  revolutionary.  We 
are,  therefore,  likely  to  find  no  slavery  to  contend  with,  when  the 
war  for  the  Union  has  come  to  an  end.  On  the  whole,  we  can 
now  contrast  our  prospects  with  those  of  Europe  without  dissatis- 
faction. 

November  28,  1863.  —  Desirous  to  inform  you  as  fully  as  we  are 
possessed  ourselves  of  the  gratifying  successes  which  have  crowned 
the  national  arms  in  Georgia,  I  cannot  perform  this  duty  in  any 
other  way  so  effectually  as  I  can  by  giving  you  a  copy  of  a  graphic 
report  which  was  received  last  night  from  Quartermaster  General 
Meigs,  who,  being  accidentally  in  attendance  upon  General  Grant's 
army,  was  an  eye-witness  of  the  great  transaction.  You  will  justly 
expect  that  this  auspicious  event  will  be  followed  by  movements  for 
the  restoration  of  the  civil  authority  in  the  states  which  have  been 
heretofore  the  theatre  of  the  civil  war. 

There  are  not  wanting  cheering  indications  that  slavery  will  be 
willingly  made  a  sacrifice  by  the  loyal  citizens  of  those  states  to  re- 
gain and  perpetuate  the  blessings  of  the  Union. 

December  15,  1863.  —  The  brilliant  and  signal  defeat  of  the  in- 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  117 

surgents,  which  occurred  on  the  24th  and  25th  days  of  November,  in 
front  of  Chattanooga,  was  followed  by  the  rapid  movement  of  rein- 
forcing columns  of  the  army  at  that  point  to  the  support  of  General 
Burnside,  at  Knoxville.  The  siege  of  that  town  was  immediately 
raised,  and  thus  the  great  Alleghany  ridge,  next  in  military  impor- 
tance only  to  the  great  river  channel  of  the  west,  is  effectually  re- 
claimed by  the  national  government. 

Congress  assembled  on  the  7th  instant,  and  the  session  was  inau- 
gurated on  the  9th  by  the  delivery  of  the  President's  annual  mes- 
sage. It  was  well  received  by  the  national  legislature,  and  it 
seems  to  be  no  less  satisfactory  to  the  loyal  people  of  the  United 
States. 

The  confidence  of  our  fellow-citizens  in  the  stability  of  the  Union, 
which  has  been  rapidly  reviving  since  the  great  victories  of  July, 
has  been  entirely  restored  by  the  expositions  of  our  moral,  material, 
and  physical  resources,  which  are  furnished  by  the  heads  of  the  sev- 
eral departments. 

Through  what  seems  a  fortunate  coincidence,  the  insurgent  chief 
at  Richmond  has  put  forth  an  explanation  of  the  present  state  of  the 
rebellion  simultaneously  with  the  publication  of  the  message  of  the 
President  of  the  United  States.  It  would  be  difficult,  I  think,  to 
decide  which  of  the  two  documents,  namely,  that  message,  or  the  ap- 
peal of  the  insurgent  leader  to  his  misguided  faction,  most  clearly  il- 
lustrates the  absurdity  of  the  attempt  to  build  up  an  independent 
state  on  the  foundation  of  human  bondage  within  the  existing  bound- 
aries of  this  firmly  established  and  compactly  organized  free  Amer- 
ican republic.  European  statesmen  will  doubtlessly  collate  them. 
I  shall  be  surprised  if  that  process  does  not  result  in  producing  a 
universal  conviction  that  the  American  people  are,  and  must  con- 
tinue henceforth  to  be,  one  indivisible  nation. 

January  7,  1864. —  At  home  the  question  first  in  practical  impor- 
tance is  the  renewal  of  our  army,  rendered  necessary  by  an  early 
expiration  of  the  first  enlistments.  The  process  of  renewal  is  suc- 
cessful. 

The  second  question  is  that  of  reorganization  in  the  insurrection- 
ary states.  Not  time  enough  has  elapsed  to  enable  us  to  judge 
whether  the  plan  suggested  by  the  President  will  be  generally 
adopted.  It  meets,  however,  less  opposition  than  the  policy  in  re- 
gard to  slaves  announced  in  the  annual  message  of  1862-63,  and 


118  DIARY,   OR   NOTES    ON   THE    WAR. 

there  is  reason  to  hope  that  if  it  shall  not  prove  acceptable  it  will 
open  the  way  to  some  other  plan  that  will  be  at  once  feasible  and 
satisfactory  to  the  country.  Major-General  Butler  reports  that 
8,000  citizens  of  Virginia,  within  the  military  district  under  his 
command,  have  already  taken  the  oath  of  allegiance  proposed  in  the 
President's  recent  proclamation. 

February  1,  1864.  —  There  are  some  indications  of  a  movement 
concerted  in  the  insurgent  region,  and  extending  into  Great  Britain, 
to  bring  a  supposed  influence  of  her  Majesty's  government  or  of 
Parliament  to  bear  upon  this  government,  by  some  form  of  media- 
tion or  representation,  with  a  view  to  obtain  concessions  or  terms 
for  the  insurgents  as  conditions  of  the  abandonment  by  them  of  their 
wicked  and  unnatural  war  against  the  United  States. 

February  1,  1864.  —  The  President  does  not  distrust  the  friend- 
ship of  the  King  of  Italy.  The  correspondence  between  Jefferson 
Davis  and  the  Holy  Father,  although  it  necessarily  assumes  some 
significance  in  Italian  and  certain  other  continental  circles,  pro- 
duces no  effect  here.  The  temper  of  the  people  has  become  too 
calm  and  firm  to  be  disturbed  by  foreign  speculations  upon  our  do- 
mestic affairs. 

February  4,  1864.  —  Our  civil  war  is  exhibiting  a  new  phase. 
There  is  manifestly  a  very  general  confidence  in  a  speedy  success  of 
the  Union,  and  a  willingness  to  make  all  the  material  contributions 
and  sacrifices  necessary  to  secure  that  consummation.  On  the  other 
hand  there  are  discouragement  and  alarm,  attended  by  unmistaka- 
ble financial  embarrassments,  in  the  region  of  the  insurrection. 

The  most  reliable  test  of  despondency  on  the  part  of  the  insur- 
gents is  the  depreciated  estimate  they  now  put  upon  slaves.  I  have 
noticed  that  one  hundred  and  fifty  or  two  hundred  dollars  of  United 
States  currency  is  the  highest  price  which  the  most  marketable 
slave  commands,  either  in  Virginia  or  in  Georgia.  The  Richmond 
papers  declare  that  board  and  clothing  are  a  full  equivalent  for  the 
hire  of  the  best  servants  in  that  market.  I  need  not  say  that  this  is  a 
confession  that  slaves  as  property  are  absolutely  worthless.  If  this  is 
true,  how  long  can  it  be  before  they  become  an  incumbrance  and  a 
source  of  danger  ?  It  is  specially  to  be  remarked  that  other  prop- 
erty is  not  depreciated.  Provisions,  clothing,  and,  I  believe,  even 
lands  retain  the  market  value  they  had  before  the  war.  Is  not  this 
an  indication  that  the  slave  states  are  already  assimilating  their 
economy  to  that  of  the  free  states  ?  .  .  . 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  119 

• 

February  T5,  1864.  —  We  are  about  beginning  a  new  campaign- 
Enlistments  are  large,  and  the  popular  spirit  is  loyal  and  earnest. 
Proofs  come  in  from  all  quarters  that  slavery  will  be  cheerfully  sur- 
rendered to  the  fate  it  has  provoked.  There  is  no  part  of  the 
insurrectionary  region  where  a  slave's  entire  valuation  to-day 
exceeds  a  year's  purchase  as  that  property  was  rated  three  years 
ago.  Capital,  of  course,  now  avoids  investment  in  slaves.  When 
slaves  cease  to  be  remunerative  as  property,  they  must  immediately 
become  an  incumbrance ;  they  can  no  longer  be  an  element  of  aris- 
tocratic strength. 

February  23.  1864.  —  Military  proceedings  are  satisfactory.  The 
army  is  already  largely  renewed.  About  200,000  men  have  been 
enlisted  since  the  1st  of  November,  including  the  reenlistment  of 
75,000  out  of  80,000  whose  first  term  of  service  will  expire  in  the 
coming  spring  and  summer. 

The  reoccupation  of  Florida  strikes  a  severe  blow  at  the  insurrec- 
tion, by  cutting  off  its  chief  source  of  meat  supplies.  General  Sher- 
man's flank  movement  from  the  Mississippi  across  the  country 
towards  Atlanta  is  thus  far  eminently  successful. 

Admiral  Far  rag  ut  is  again  active  in  the  Gulf.  The  navy  is 
increasing.  The  Dictator  will  soon  try  her  destined  element.  The 
process  of  reconstruction  seems  to  be  going  on  successfully. 

The  canvass  for  the  presidential  election  is  opening.  That  elec- 
tion will  probably  be  the  first  one  held  in  forty  years  in  which  slav- 
ery will  have  been  held  by  all  parties  as  incapable  and  unworthy 
of  political  defence.  Of  course  the  occurrence  of  the  canvass  at 
this  conjuncture  is  a  subject  of  some  anxiety  among  thoughtful  citi- 
zens, who  would  desire  to  confine  the  public  mind  to  the  duties  of 
the  war,  if  it  were  possible.  Nevertheless,  this  anxiety  seems  to  be 
rather  of  a  speculative  character,  and,  judging  from  existing  indica- 
tions, the  nation  has  all  the  constancy  and  fidelity  necessary  to  se- 
cure its  passage  safely  through  this  new  political  trial,  as  it  has 
already  surmounted  so  many  others. 

February  29,  1864. —  The  military  situation  is  gaining  interest. 
The  first  success  of  the  expedition  to  Florida  has  been  followed  by 
a  painful  reverse.  Our  information  is  imperfect,  but  we  have  rea- 
sons for  hoping  that  the  ground  that  has  been  gained  in  that  state 
will  not  be  lost. 

It  is  not  doubted  that  Longstreet  is  retiring  from  the  position  he 


120  DrARY,   OR    NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

has  held  in  the  front  of  Knoxville.  We  are  waiting  with  much'  inter- 
est the  results  of  General  Sherman's  movement  in  Alabama.  Our 
earliest  information  concerning  him  is  expected  through  insurrec- 
tionary channels. 

April  4,  1864.  —  We  are  still  expecting  that  the  ships-of-war  on 
which  the  insurgents  are  relying  will  not  be  suffered  to  depart  from 
European  ports. 

In  the  confusion  incident  to  national  legislation  and  to  the  speedy 
organization  of  vast  forces,  it  has  happened  that  superior  advan- 
tages have  been  unconsciously  afforded  to  military  enlistments  over 
enlistments  for  the  naval  service.  In  consequence  of  this  error  the 
navy  is  now  suffering  for  the  want  of  twelve  thousand  seamen, 
while  the  armies  of  the  United  States  are  filled  to  the  entire  sat- 
isfaction of  the  government.  Measures  have,  however,  been  taken 
to  correct  this  inequality  promptly,  and  I  do  not  apprehend  any 
inability  to  maintain  our  blockade  and  to  restore  the  national  pres- 
tige on  the  ocean. 

You1  intimate  a  dissatisfaction  with  the  military  operations 
of  the  season,  and  you  seem  to  apprehend  a  recognition  of  the 
insurgents  by  maritime  powers  if  we  shall  not  be  more  success- 
ful. I  do  not  think  that  this  country  can  again  be  alarmed  by 
the  fear  of  foreign  recognition  of  the  insurgents.  We  believe  that 
the  war  has  passed  the  crisis  when  recognition  could  guarantee  suc- 
cess to  the  enemy.  Recognition  could,  therefore,  in  our  view,  only 
enlarge  the  field  of  war.  At  the  same  time,  I  am  sure  that  I  need 
not  say  that  we  are  no  less  earnestly  desirous  than  we  have  been,  at 
all  times  heretofore,  to  guard  against  any  new  complication  in  our 
foreign  affairs.  I  think  that  the  discontent  with  our  military 
operations,  which  you  are  experiencing,  is  the  consequence  of  expec- 
tations unreasonably  excited  by  the  press  of  the  United  States. 
The  defeat  of  General  Seymour  at  Olustee,  in  Florida,  was  a  sur- 
prise and  was  a  disaster,  but  it  was  no  more  than  that;  it  drew 
neither  serious  consequences  nor  strategic  embarrassments  after  it. 
All  our  armies  have  been  renewing  themselves  by  the  reenlistment 
of  veterans,  whose  terms  of  service  were  to  expire  in  the  spring, 
summer,  and  autumn.  With  a  view  to  this  end,  many  regiments 
have  received  furloughs  of  thirty  days  upon  their  reenlistment,  and 
thus  the  armies  in  the  field  have  been  temporarily  much  reduced  dur- 

1  Mr.  Dayton. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  121 

ing  the  inclement  season,  so  that  necessarily  only  two  great  military 
movements  have  hitherto  been  attempted  or  even  meditated.  The 
first  of  these  was  a  movement  of  Sherman  through  central  Missis- 
sippi, from  Vicksburg  to  Meridian,  with  a  view  to  break  up  the 
communications  of  the  enemy,  and  relieve  this  government  from  the 
necessity  of  maintaining  a  large  force  on  the  banks  of  the  Missis- 
sippi River  during  the  coming  campaign.  Gricrson's  and  S'mith's 
movements  were  merely  diveisions  auxiliary  to,  but  not  indispensa- 
ble to  the  success  of  this  purpose ;  and  Admiral  Farragut's  demon- 
stration against  Mobile  was  a  movement  of  the  same  character. 
Sherman  accomplished  all  that  he  proposed,  and  so  the  one  end  of 
all  these  movements  was  attained.  The  Adjutant-General  is  now 
placing  colored  troops  in  the  garrisons  on  the  river,  while  the 
veteran  forces  are  proceeding  to  active  duty  elsewhere.  The  other 
movement  which,  as  I  have  said,  was  contemplated  in  the  inclement 
season,  was  an  expedition  up  the  R  'd  River,  to  scatter  the  insur- 
gents and  destroy  stores  and  communications  on  the  west  side  of 
the  Mississippi,  so  far  as  Ihe  border  of  Texas.  The  movement  is 
now  in  progress,  and  thus  far  has  been  attended  with  success.  We 
last  heard  of  the  combined  land  and  naval  force  at  Natchitoches,  in 
Louisiana.  It  is  not  surprising  that  the  enemy  took  alarm  at  these 
movements,  and  attributed  to  our  generals  designs  more  stupendous 
and  much  more  hazardous  than  those  really  entertained.  Our  own 
press,  of  course  unenlightened,  gave  license  to  its  imagination, 
and  promised  achievements  which  were  not  even  meditated  by  our 
commanders. 

It  is  not  unlikely  that  similar  expectations  may  be  based  upon 
the  reports  of  the  press  concerning  the  campaign  which  General 
Grant,  who  now  is  in  command  of  all  the  military  forces  of  the 
country,  is  organizing.  It  will  be  well,  therefore,  to  be  on  your 
guard  in  this  respect.  What  you  may  be  assured  of  is,  that  our 
forces  in  the  field  and  fit  for  duty  are,  independently  of  the  new 
conscription,  eight  hundred  thousand  men  ;  that  they  are  distrib- 
uted with  a  view  to  hold  all  the  country  we  have  reclaimed,  and 
to  bring  the  insurgents  into  battle  whenever  the  circumstances  are 
favorable.  We  do  not  expect  cheap  or  easy  victories,  but  we  look 
for  firm  and  steady  progress.  In  this  view  the  operations  of  the 
present  year,  although  they  have  disappointed  the  public,  have  not 
been  unsatisfactory  to  the  government.  It  is  the  insurgents  and 
not  we  who  are  the  weaker  for  what  has  thus  been  done. 


122  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

I  ought  not  to  overlook  the  important  fact  disclosed  by  the  elec- 
tions in  Tennessee,  Arkansas,  and  Louisiana,  namely,  that  the 
population  of  several  of  the  insurgent  states,  where  it  has  not 
already  been  reclaimed  to  the  Union,  has  been  successfully  divided, 
whereby  the  insurrectionary  armies  are  continually  reduced,  and 
our  own  considerably  augmented.  If  you  study  the  publications  of 
the  day  you  will  learn  that  free  labor  is  already  asserting  its  ability 
to  produce  cotton  on  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi,  and  upon  the  sea 
islands.  There  is  a  development  of  another  kind  too  important  to 
be  overlooked.  A  great  number  of  the  people  of  the  insurgent  states, 
wearied  of  the  war,  and  despairing  of  the  restoration  of  order  and 
peace  there,  are  emigrating  to  the  western  territories.  Governor 
Doty,  of  Utah,  a  very  intelligent  pioneer,  estimates  the  augmenta- 
tion of  the  population  of  the  territories,  during  the  present  year, 
at  500,000  —  equal  to  one  seventieth  part  of  the  population  of 
France.  It  can  hardly  be  necessary  for  me  to  point  out  to  your 
sagacious  observation  the  value  of  these  facts,  as  showing  that  every 
wound  which  is  inflicted  on  the  Union  in  one  part  results  in  our 
increase  of  strength  in  every  other  part.  We  need  not  fear  that  a 
political  system  which  is  so  vigorous  will  perish. 

April  11,  1864. —  As  the  season  advances,  public  impatience  for 
military  movements  arises  and  utters  itself  often  in  terms  of  discon- 
tent, which  may  mislead  the  friends  of  our  country  abroad.  The 
movements  of  the  armies  in  Louisiana  and  Arkansas  still  continue 
to  be  reported  favorably.  Much  is  said  of  insurgent  raids  in  Ken- 
tucky, which  are  of  no  particular  effect  or  significancy.  If  the 
armies  of  the  Potomac  and  Cumberland  had  been  prepared  to  ad- 
vance, the  rains  which  have  fallen  and  rendered  the  roads  impassa- 
ble would  have  arrested  progress.  You  will  take  notice  of  an  order 
of  Lieutenant-General  Grant,  which  indicates  the  16th  instant  as  the 
day  on  which  the  repose  of  the  forces  will  come  to  an  end.  If  we 
may  rely  upon  recent  expressions,  the  country  is  fast  reaching  a  res- 
olute and  unanimous  determination  to  persevere  in  the  present  poli- 
cy of  the  government.  The  election  which  has  just  passed  in 
Connecticut  indicates  an  exhaustion  of  the  opposition.  The  people 
of  Maryland  have  called  a  convention  to  abolish  slavery  in  that 
state.  The  Senate  of  the  United  States  have  by  a  constitutional 
majority  sustained  a  proposition  to  amend  the  Federal  Constitution 
by  abolishing  slavery.     The  House  of  Representatives,  which,  as  you 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  123 

will  remember,  was  elected  in  the  reactionary  period  of  1862,  has, 
by  a  very  large  majority,  rebuked  and  censured  a  member  for 
remarks  favorable  to  secession. 

The  financial  bills  are  still  lingering  in  Congress.  But  the  dis- 
position of  a  large  majority  is  conciliatory,  as  well  as  patriotic,  and 
I  do  not  apprehend  a  failure  of  the  measures  which  are  necessary 
to  sustain  the  public  credit. 

In  regard  to  the  tone  of  the  insurgents  I  need  say  only  that  the 
desertions  of  soldiers  as  well  as  of  citizens  continue  in  such  degree  as 
to  indicate  a  waning  of  popular  confidence  in  the  success  of  the  con- 
spiracy against  the  Union. 

April  18,  1864.  —  Nothing  important  has  occurred  here  in  regard 
to  the  position  of  the  war.  There  are  raids,  which  merely  indicate 
preparations  for  general  operations.  A  recent  raid  of  the  insurgents 
upon  Fort  Pillow,  as  is  said,  has  been  marked  by  atrocities  which 
cannot  be  contemplated  without  a  shudder.  These  barbarities 
assume  very  grave  significance,  as  showing  that  the  Africo- Ameri- 
can troops  are  to  be  denied  by  the  insurgents  when  victorious  the 
privilege  of  quarter.  So  it  seems  to  be  established  that  slavery 
claims  its  independence  of  civilization  to  the  very  last,  even  while 
appealing  to  Christian  nations  for  sympathy  and  aid. 

I  may  say  to  you  very  confidentially  that  it  is  expected  that  a 
general  movement  of  the  Union  forces  east  of  the  Mississippi  will 
begin  before  I  shall  have  an  opportunity  to  write  to  you  again. 

April  25,  1864.  —  The  season  has  arrived  when  we  may  expect 
to  have  our  attention  engaged  by  the  operations  of  the  military 
forces. 

Major-General  Banks  has  encountered  a  check  on  his  march  from 
Natchitoches.  Although  we  have  no  detailed  report,  it  is  not  to  be 
doubted  that  his  advanced  corps  sustained  a  severe  defeat  on  the 
first  day,  rallied  with  great  vigor  on  the  second,  and  finally  beat  the 
insurgents  in  a  fair  field  fight,  on  the  third  day  of  the  prolonged  en- 
gagement which  took  place  on  the  8th,  9th,  and  10th  of  the  present 
month.  We  do  not  know  the  relative  losses  of  the  combatants ;  but 
we  learn  very  directly  that  Major-General  Banks  expects  to  renew 
his  march  upon  Shreveport  on  the  28th  instant. 

An  iron  ram  floated  down  the  Roanoke  River,  past  our  fort  at 
Plymouth,  and  it  is  understood  that  supplies  and  reinforcements  are 
cut  off  from  that  outpost.     We  have  some  anxiety  for  the  safety  of 


124  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE    WAR. 

the  garrison.     We  understand  that  it  consists  of  about  2,000  men. 
The  post  has  no  considerable  strategic  importance. 

May  3,  1864.  —  There  has  been  a  high  excitement  in  the  money 
market,  producing,  of  course,  some  uneasiness  in  regard  to  the  fiscal 
condition  of  the  government.  This  uneasiness  has  compelled  Con- 
gress to  increase  customs  by  fifty  per  cent.,  and  it  is  stimulating  that 
body  to  enact,  as  speedily  as  possible,  the  laws  necessary  for  aug- 
menting the  internal  revenue.  The  country  responds  cheerfully  and 
quite  unanimously  to  these  healthful  measures. 

Advices  received  yesterday  from  Major-General  Banks  and  Gen- 
eral Steele  are  understood  at  the  War  Department  as  removing  all 
grounds  for  apprehension  for  the  safety  of  the  forces  under  their  re- 
spective commands,  in  Louisiana  and  Arkansas.  It  is  understood 
here  that  their  forces  were  to  be  put  in  motion  again  on  the  28th  of 
April  last. 

Advices  from  North  Carolina  inform  us  that  the  insurgents  have 
withdrawn  from  that  state,  and  are  joining  the  main  rebel  army  in 
Virginia.  We  also  learn  that  the  insurgent  corps  which  had  been 
operating  against  our  lines  in  Alabama  and  Mississippi  are  now  join- 
ing the  main  body  in  the  vicinity  of  Atlanta,  in  Georgia. 

On  our  side  there  has  been  a  noiseless  but  effective  gathering  of 
forces  at  the  point,  and  the  common  expectation  is  that  a  collision 
may  occur  at  any  time.  I  hardly  need  say  that  our  military  author- 
ities are  satisfied  with  the  position.  We  have  accepted  a  contribu- 
tion of  85,000  volunteers  for  one  hundred  days  from  the  northwest- 
ern states,  to  supply  garrisons,  and  leave  the  regular  forces  free  for 
active  operations  in  the  field. 

It  is  observed  with  great  pain  that  the  insurgents  seem  to  have 
adopted  as  a.  principle  the  extermination  of  such  of  the  colored 
troops  as  may  fall  into  their  hands  as  prisoners  of  war.  If  the  anti- 
slavery  sentiment  of  foreign  nations  has  any  sincerity  whatever,  this 
atrocious  principle  cannot  fail  to  be  earnestly  condemned  and  exe- 
crated. 

May  3,  1864.  —  Your  despatch  of  the  15th  of  April  contains  infor- 
mation particularly  new  and  interesting  in  regard  to  the  proceedings 
which  have  culminated  in  the  departure  of  the  Archduke  Maximilian 
from  Trieste,  with  the  intention  to  establish  an  imperial  monarchy 
in  Mexico.  Every  thinking  observer  must  be  fully  satisfied,  even 
without  special  evidence,  that  those  events  had  their  origin  in  a  con 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  125 

spiracy  of  Mexicans  against  the  independence  and  freedom  of  their 
own  country.  Nevertheless  it  will  be  fortunate  for  the  future  of 
Mexico,  and  for  the  cause  of  republican  government  there,  if  the  his- 
tory you  have  given  me  of  the  details  of  the  conspiracy  shall  soon 
become  generally  known. 

You 2  have  very  clearly  explained  the  motives  and  sentiments 
which  have  induced  so  many  of  the  influential  statesmen  and  au- 
thorities of  Europe  to  favor  the  subversion  of  the  Mexican  Repub- 
lic. All  these  motives  and  sentiments  resolve  themselves  into  a 
jealousy  of  the  advancement  of  the  United  States.  Their  great 
prosperity  and  progress  have  necessarily  provoked  this  political  an- 
tagonism. You  very  justly  lament  the  pertinacity  with  which  the 
American  people  continue  their  suicidal  division  in  presence  of  the 
apparent  overthrow  of  their  influence  in  Mexico,  but  it  is  the  same 
blindness  of  faction  which  led  us  into  the  civil  war.  Only  time  and 
events  can  cure  it,  awd  these  we  may  well  believe  are  doing  their 
work.  No  appeal  to  the  reason  or  to  the  patriotism  of  the  insur- 
gents is  heard  so  long  as  they  entertain  hopes  of  success  in  their  des- 
perate enterprise.  The  loyal  people  of  the  United  States  seem  to 
have  no  need  for  new  or  increased  devotion  to  the  national  cause. 
At  all  events,  considerations  of  foreign  and  remote  dangers  can 
scarcely  be  expected  to  gain  serious  attention,  when  the  immediate 
domestic  perils  of  the  conflict  absorb  the  popular  mind.  I  know  no 
other  way  for  us  than  to  contemplate  the  situation  calmly,  do  our 
whole  duty  faithfully,  meet  every  emergency  as  it  rises,  with  pru- 
dence, firmness,  and  force,  if  necessary,  and  trust  in  God  for  a  safe 
issue  of  the  contest. 

May  9,  1864.  —  Successive  reports  leave  us  no  longer  grounds  for 
doubting  that  the  combined  land  and  naval  expedition  against  Shreve- 
port  has  failed,  not  without  very  serious  sacrifices  of  men  and  mate- 
rial, although,  we  yet  hope,  without  the  loss  of  any  of  the  cardinal 
strategic  positions,  and  without  demoralization  of  the  forces  in 
Arkansas  and  Louisiana.  Major-General  Canby  has  been  des- 
patched to  the  field  to  do  what  may  be  found  necessary  for  the 
safety  of  the  cause  west  of  the  Mississippi. 

Some  unimportant  incidents  have  occurred  on  and  near  the  banks 
of  that  river,  but  all  is  believed  to  be  well  in  that  quarter. 

During  the  last  week  there  has  been  a  general  advance  of  our 

1  Mr.  Adams. 


126  DIARY,   OR  NOTES  ON   THE   WAR. 

forces  against  the  insurgents  on  the  long  line  which  extends  from 
Chattanooga  to  the  Potomac,  and  this  movement  is  yet  in  progress. 
No  accurate  or  full  accounts  of  it  have  reached  the  government,  and 
the  partial  statements  which  you  will  read  in  the  journals  of  this 
date,  Monday,  May  9,  are  not  in  all  respects  reliable.  Possibly  the 
telegraph  will  enable  the  press  at  Boston  to  give,  before  the  depart- 
ure of  the  mail,  more  definite  information  than  has  been  hitherto 
received.  What  lias  happened,  so  far  as  is  known  to  the  govern- 
ment, is,  that  on  Wednesday  morning,  the  4th  instant,  the  army  of 
the  Potomac,  numbering  about  100,000,  crossed  the  Rapidan  at  three 
fords,  and  advanced  to  a  line  stretching  through  the  Wilderness 
from  Germania  ford  to  Chancellorsville.  The  several  corps  had  not 
fully  completed  their  line  of  battle  on  Thursday  morning,  when  they 
were  vigorously  assailed  between  the  left  and  centre.  A  severe  but 
indecisive  battle  occurred.  It  was  renewed  on  Friday ;  a  reserve 
force  of  30,000  men,  under  Major-General  Burnside,  reached  the 
field  and  was  engaged  at  noon.  The  entire  insurgent  army,  under 
Lee,  Hill,  and  Longstreet,  was  encountered  in  a  conflict  which 
lasted  from  morning  until  night,  with  vicissitudes,  several  times,  so 
unfortunate  for  our  forces  as  to  excite  serious  apprehension,  but  end- 
ing in  the  withdrawal  of  the  enemy  from  the  attack,  leaving  the 
army  of  the  Potomac  in  possession  of  its  ground.  The  nature  of  the 
field  forbade  the  use  of  artillery.  Our  losses  are  reported  at  twelve 
thousand ;  the  enemy's  not  mentioned.  I  am  disposed  to  think  it 
was  one  of  the  most  severe  and  critical  battles  of  the  whole  war. 
There  was  skirmishing  on  Saturday  and  bearers  of  despatches  report 
that  they  heard  heavy  cannonading  yesterday.  We  have  accounts 
directly  from  the  field  written  on  Saturday  evening  and  yesterday, 
Sunday  morning,  but  they  are  not  official.  They  state  that  our  army 
still  bold  their  position,  and  that  it  is  understood  there  that  the 
enemy  are  retiring,  as  if  satisfied  that  they  cannot  longer  resist  our 
advance. 

General  Sigel  has  been  advancing  up  the  valley  of  the  Shenan- 
doah, and  is  in  position,  if  required,  to  cross  the  mountains  and  join 
the  army  of  the  Potomac. 

General  Butler  has  landed  at  a  point  on  the  James  River  just 
above  the  mouth  of  the  Appomattox,  thirty  miles  below  Richmond 
and  ten  miles  above  Petersburg.  He  has  broken  up  a  portion  of  the 
railroad  which  connects  those  two  places,  but  not  without  some  fight- 


DIARY,    OR    NOTES    ON    THE   WAR.  127 

ing.  General  Sherman  advanced  on  the  4th  with  a  large  army  from 
Chattanooga.  Advices  coming  directly  from  him  on  Saturday,  at 
four  o'clock,  say  that  he  was  then  in  Tunnel  Hill,  with  the  enemy 
before  him  at  Buzzard's  Roost  Point,  above  Dal  ton,  and  that  Mc- 
Pherson,  with  an  auxiliary  force,  was  operating  against  the  connec- 
tion between  Atlanta  and  Dalton,  by  movements  to  Villanow, 
through  Resaca. 

What  we  do  not  hear  is  perhaps  more  encouraging  than  the  in- 
formation which  actually  reaches  us.  Neither  General  Grant,  nor 
General  Butler,  nor  General  Sherman,  makes  the  least  sign  of  dis- 
couragement or  apprehension,  or  demands  reinforcement,  but  they 
leave  us  to  infer  that  they  are  able,  and  are  determined  to  persevere 
in  the  campaign  as  at  first  designed. 

May  16,  1864.  —  We  receive  advices  of  laborious  and  heroic  ef- 
forts made  by  our  land  and  naval  commanders  in  Louisiana  to  save 
their  forces  and  material  in  that  state  and  in  Arkansas,  and  to  re- 
store the  prestige  of  the  government  in  the  region  west  of  the  Mis- 
sissippi. Major-General  Canby  has  been  very  vigorous  and  success- 
ful in  sending  reinforcements  to  Generals  Banks  and  Steele  from  the 
shores  of  the  Mississippi,  and  it  is  presumed  that  the  new  commander 
will  very  soon  reach  the  field  in  person.  It  is  not  true,  as  repre- 
sented in  rebel  journals,  that  General  Steele  surrendered  his  army  at 
Camden  to  Richard  Taylor  on  the  27th  ultimo.  General  Steele's 
aid  has  arrived  here,  having  left  the  General  with  his  command  safe 
at  Little  Rock  on  his  return  from  Camden. 

Major-General  Sherman  seems  to  have  inaugurated  his  new  cam- 
paign in  Georgia  with  his  usual  sagacity  and  diligence.  He  has 
brought  General  Schofield  down  from  Knoxville  through  Cleveland, 
and  upon  the  flank  of  the  enemy  at  Dalton,  while  Sherman  moved 
against  him  in  front  from  Ringgold,  over  Tunnel  Hill,  and  General 
McPherson  struck  at  Resaca  at  the  enemy's  communications  with 
his  base  at  Atlanta.  Thus  assailed,  Johnston  abandoned  Dalton,  and 
was  then  pressed  in  flank  and  rear  by  Sherman  and  Schofield  until 
Saturday,  the  14th,  when  a  severe  engagement  took  place  in  front 
of  Resaca.  General  Sherman  took  eight  guns  and  one  thousand 
prisoners,  and  Johnston  retreated  southward  from  Resaca.  Sherman 
is  pressing  upon  him  and  expecting  confidently  to  take  Rome. 

The  three  days'  sanguinary  battles  between  the  army  of  the  Po- 
tomac and  the  insurgent  forces  in  the  old  Wilderness  closed  on 


1-8  DIARY,   OR   NOTES    ON   THE   WAR. 

Friday,  the  6th  instant.  During  the  night  of  that  day  Lee  left  his 
position  and  retired  southward  towards  Spotsylvania  Court-House. 
General  Grant  advanced.  He  brought  the  enemy  again  into  battle 
on  Sunday  morning,  the  8th,  drove  him  out  of  his  intrenchinents, 
and  forced  him  across  the  Po.  Here  the  enemy  again  threw  up  for- 
tifications. On  Monday,  General  Grant,  against  very  obstinate 
resistance,  and  not  without  considerable  loss,  inarched  across  the  Po 
and  formed  in  line  of  battle.  On  Tuesday,  the  10th,  the  rebels 
accepted  cheerfully  the  challenge,  and  made  several  vigorous  assaults 
upon  our  position?,  but  they  were  repelled.  Our  lines  were  main- 
tained and  portions  of  the  enemy's  lines  of  defence  Avere  wrested 
from  him.  It  seems  to  myself  like  exaggeration  when  I  find  that  in 
describing  conflict  after  conflict  in  this  energetic  campaign,  I  am  re- 
quired always  to  say  of  the  last  one  that  it  was  the  severest  battle  of 
the  war.  Six  thousand  of  our  men  were  placed  hors  du  combat  in 
this  battle  of  the  10th  of  May.  Wednesday,  the  11th,  was  spent  in 
skirmishing.  Thursday,  the  12th,  brought  a  new  and  severe  con- 
flict, with  results  encouraging  to  the  Union  arms.  A  division,  a 
brigade,  and  a  regiment  were  captured,  with  forty  guns.  At  eight 
o'clock  on  the  night  of  that  day  General  Grant  sent  a  despatch  to 
the  War  Department,  in  which  he  modestly  expressed  himself,  con- 
cerning the  state  of  the  campaign,  in  these  words:  "  We  have  now 
ended  the  eighth  day  of  very  heavy  fighting.  The  result  to  this 
time  is  much  in  our  favor.  Our  losses  have  been  heavy,  as  well  as 
those  of  the  enemy.  I  think  the  loss  of  the  enemy  must  be 
greater.  We  have  taken  over  five  thousand  prisoners,  while  he  has 
taken  from  us  but  few,  except  stragglers." 

The  battle  was  continued  on  Friday,  the  13th,  with  decided 
advantage  to  the  Union  army.  On  the  morning  of  the  14th  it  was 
ascertained  that  Lee  had  again  retired.  Yesterday  morning,  the 
lGth,  General  Grant  reports  from  the  army  that  there  had  been 
continual  rains  for  five  days;  roads  had  become  impassable,  even  so 
that  ambulances  can  no  longer  make  their  way  with  their  wounded 
from  the  battle-fields  to  the  hospitals  at  Fredericksburg.  General 
Grant  waits  for  twenty-four  hours  of  dry  weather,  when  he  will 
advance.  The  enemy  last  night  were  in  position  across  the  direct 
load  which  leads  from  Fredericksburg  to  Richmond,  and  our  army  is 
confronting  them.  The  Lieutenant-General  writes  cheerfully,  hope- 
fully, even  to  the  tone  of  confidence.     We  have  now  nine  thousand 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  129 

prisoners  in  our 'hands,  captured  in  these  battles,  including  four 
hundred  officers. 

Major-General  Butler  has  been  very  active  and  successful  in  in- 
tercepting Lee's  expected  reinforcements  below  Richmond.  He  has 
destroyed  the  insurgent  railroad  communications  between  Weldon 
and  Richmond  and  between  Petersburg  and  Richmond ;  and  at  the 
date  of  our  last  advices  had  threatened  Fort  Darling,  which  protects 
the  river  approach  to  that  place  against  our  iron-clads.  They  have 
made  five  successive  sorties,  sometimes  at  night,  other  times  by  day, 
and  have  been  as  often  repulsed.  Their  iron-clads  have  come  down 
from  Richmond  and  been  driven  back  by  our  fleet.  General  Butler 
writes  in  fine  spirits. 

During  the  last  week  Major-General  Sheridan  made  an  expedi- 
tion with  13,000  cavalry  in  the  interior  of  Virginia,  surrounded  the 
insurgent  army,  destroyed  the  insurgent  railroad  communications 
and  telegraph  communications  through  the  Virginia  Central,  and 
Orange  and  Alexandria  railroads,  with  an  immense  quantity  of  mili- 
tary stores,  and  finally  crossing  the  peninsula  joined  Major-General 
Butler  below  Richmond  on  the  James  River  on  Saturday  last. 

General  Averill,  sent  by  Major-General  Sigel  through  the  valley 
and  across  the  mountains,  has  destroyed  the  rebel  communication  by 
the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  railroad  at  New  Creek,  and  thus  Lee  is 
supposed  to  be  cut  off  from  supplies  and  reinforcements  by  railroad, 
except  on  the  circuitous  route  of  the  railroad  passing  from  Richmond 
through  Danville  to  Raleigh. 

On  the  other  hand,  we  are  rapidly  sending  forward  no  inconsid- 
erable reinforcements  to  General  Grant,  and  are  thus  supplying  the 
dreadful  waste  which  the  army  of  the  Potomac  has  suffered  in  conflicts 
which  they  have  waged,  not  only  with  the  greatest  heroism,  but  also 
with  compensating  advantage  to  the  national  cause.  The  reinforce- 
ments already  sent  amount  to  30,000  men. 

May  21,  1864.  —  For  several  weeks  we  have  been  suffering  pain- 
ful apprehensions  lest  by  means  of  the  subsiding  of  the  waters  in 
the  Red  River  we  might  be  obliged  not  merely  to  forego  the  effort 
to  maintain  our  position  on  its  banks,  but  even  to  leave  our  iron- 
clad fleet  to  be  destroyed,  or  to  fall  into  the  hands  of  the  insurgents. 
We  have  just  now  been  relieved  from  these  fears.  An  artificial 
rise  of  the  river  at  the  rapids  above  Alexandria  was  effected,  and 
the  fleet  has  safely  descended  to  the  Mississippi.  The  expedition  of 
9 


130  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

Major-General  Banks  has  failed,  but  the  failure  is  believed  not  to 
have  materially  impaired  our  own  strength,  or  given  to  the  insur- 
gents any  new  advantage.  The  return  of  the  fleet  and  the  land 
forces  to  the  Mississippi  reassures  our  control  of  the  navigation  of 
that  great  river. 

We  hear  from  Major-General  Sherman,  who  has  taken  Rome, 
and  is  at  Kingston,  that  having  there  repaired  the  waste  of  his 
army,  and  renewed  his  supplies,  he  would  move  to-day,  and  resume 
his  march  upon  Atlanta,  with  an  army  of  80,000  effective  men. 

Lieutenant-General  Grant  had  severe  conflicts  during  the  last 
week,  by  way  of  manoeuvre  and  reconnoissance.  On  Friday  night 
the  insurgents  withdrew  from  their  strongly  intrenched  position 
at  Spottsylvania  Court-House,  retreating,  as  is  supposed,  across  the 
North  Anna  River.  The  army  of  the  Potomac  was  already  on 
its  advance,  which  of  course  was  continued  ;  and  thus  far  there  has 
been  no  serious  conflict.  Our  position  is  now  at  Milford  station, 
on  the  railroad  from  Fredericksburg  to  Richmond,  and  along  the 
south  side  of  the  Mattapony  River.  Rappahannock  station  was 
used  as  our  depot  for  supplies  at  the  beginning  of  the  advance. 
Since  the  battles  of  the  Wilderness  we  have  used  Fredericksburg. 
To-day  we  change  our  station  from  that  place  to  Port  Royal,  on  the 
Rappahannock. 

Major-General  Butler  has  had  some  severe  conflicts  with  the 
enemy,  but  he  still  holds  his  position  on  the  south  bank  of  the 
James,  and  to  the  extent  that  he  succeeds  in  detaining  the  enemy's 
force  in  his  front,  he  contributes  to  the  success  of  the  main  army  of 
the  Potomac  in  its  advance  upon  Richmond.  If  we  may  rely  upon 
the  official  reports  of  the  operations  of  cavalry  which  reach  us,  the 
enemy's  connections  are  broken  up  beyond  his  ability  to  restore 
them  before  the  event  of  the  campaign  must  be  determined. 

General  Sigel  with  a  portion  of  his  forces  was  defeated  on  the 
Shenandoah,  but  the  loss  incurred  has  been  fully  compensated  by 
the  successful  operations  of  General  Crook  in  another  portion  of 
western  Virginia. 

Congress  is  maturing  the  tax  bill  with  great  care,  and  I  think  in 
a  form  that  will  be  effective  to  sustain  the  national  credit.  The 
bank  bill  is  still  a  subject  of  serious  debate,  but  it  will  ultimately 
assume  a  satisfactory  shape.  The  importations  are  enormous,  and 
the  shipment  of  gold  is  increased   by   the   high   rates   of   interest 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  131 

adopted  by  the  banks  of  England  and  France.  Nevertheless,  the 
government  stocks  are  well  sustained,  and  the  new  loan  bearing  five 
per  cent,  interest  is  taken  up  at  the  rate  of  four  or  five  millions  a 
week.  The  flood  of  immigration  is  on  the  increase.  Ultimately  the  na- 
tion cannot  fail  to  be  the  gainer  that  sends  out  its  gold  and  receives  in 
exchange  free  men  from  foreign  countries  to  extract  the  metals  from 
its  mines,  and  to  expand  cultivation  over  newly  reclaimed  territories. 

May  31,  1864.  —  Major-General  Canby  is  vigorously  reorganiz- 
ing the  forces  west  of  the  Mississippi,  with  a  view  to  new  operations. 

Major-General  Sherman,  finding  the  insurgents  under  Johnston 
strongly  fortified  at  Altoona,  made  a  detour  to  the  right  with  a 
design  to  pass  that  place.  Johnston  went  out  and  met  General 
Sherman  near  Dallas,  and  was  driven  back  with  very  severe  loss  to 
the  insurgents,  and  without  effectually  checking  Sherman's  advance. 
He  proposes  to  reach  the  railroad  again  between  Altoona  and 
Atlanta. 

General  Lee,  on  retiring  from  Spottsylvania,  took  up  and  forti- 
fied a  very  advantageous  position  near  Hanover  Junction,  south  of 
the  North  Anna,  and  General  Grant  thereupon  again  cast  away  his 
base,  which  was  then  at  Port  Royal,  on  the  Rappahannock,  and 
finding  a  passage  east  of  Lee's  new  position,  threw  his  whole  forces 
across  the  Pamunkey  River  near  Hanover  town,  and  when  last 
heard  from  the  army  stood  in  order  of  battle,  three  miles  south  of 
the  last  named  river,  which  is  a  tributary  of  the  York  River.  This 
new  position  was  gained  with  no  other  conflict  than  a  successful 
cavalry  engagement.  At  that  place  he  has  been  joined  by  the 
portion  of  the  command  of  General  Butler  which  could  be  spared 
without  exposing  the  position  we  have  hitherto  held  at  Bermuda 
Hundred,  on  the  James  River  between  Petersburg  and  Richmond. 
This  reinforcement  from  Butler's  army  was  effected  by  means  of 
steam  navigation  down  the  James  and  up  the  York  and  Pamunkey 
rivers.  Thus  all  the  contending  forces  are  within  a  circuit  of 
twenty  miles  around  Richmond. 

Major-General  Hunter  has  succeeded  General  Sigel  in  command 
of  the  auxiliary  forces,  whose  field  of  operation  is  in  the  Shenan- 
doah valley  and  western  Virginia.  Movements  are  in  progress 
there  which,  if  successful,  will  materially  aid  the  operations  of  the 
Lieutenant-General  before  Richmond.  I  have  heretofore  mentioned 
the  reinforcements  which  were  sent  to  him.     These  reinforcements 


132  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE  WAR. 

have  been  augmented.  All  the  wounded,  all  the  prisoners,  and  all 
the  unnecessary  impedimenta  of  the  army  of  the  Potomac,  have 
been  sent  away  by  General  Grant.  The  passing  week  may  be  ex- 
pected to  be  filled  with  important  events. 

June  6,  1864.  —  The  result  of  the  operations  of  the  last  week  is 
that,  in  the  west,  General  Can  by  has  gathered  in  and  so  disposed  of 
the  forces  which  constituted  General  Banks'  expeditionary  force 
«s  to  secure  important  strategic  points,  and  prepare  an  aggressive 
movement  of  considerable  importance. 

General  Sherman  writes  us  yesterday  afternoon,  from  the  vicinity 
of  Dallas,  as  folio  we  :  that  "  the  enemy,  discovering  us  moving 
round  his  right  flank,  abandoned  his  position  last  night  and 
marched  off.  McPherson  is  moving  to-day  for  Ack worth,  Thomas 
on  the  direct  Marietta  road,  and  Schofield  on  his  right.  It  has  been 
raining  hard  for  three  days,  and  the  roads  are  heavy.  An  exami- 
nation of  the  enemy's  abandoned  line  of  works  here  shows  an  im- 
mense line  of  works,  which  I  have  turned  with  less  loss  to  ourselves 
than  we  have  inflicted  upon  them." 

There  has  been  much  manoeuvring  by  the  armies  in  front  of 
Richmond,  attended  with  battles  in  which  we  have  lost  seven  thou- 
sand five  hundred  men,  and  inflicted  equal  injury  upon  the  enemy. 
General  Grant's  headquarters  are  at  Cold  Harbor.  His  line 
stretches  from  Bethesda  church,  on  the  Tolopotomy,  to  Cold  Har- 
bor. Assaults  are  made,  first  by  the  one  party  and  then  by  the 
other,  thus  far  always  leaving  our  line  unbroken  and  perhaps  a 
little  advanced,  while  the  enemy,  though  repulsed  in  all  their  at- 
tacks, yet  retain  the  exterior  line  of  their  defences  of  Richmond. 
The  communications  of  General  Grant  with  his  new  base  on  the 
Pamunkey  are  perfect.  Abundant  supplies  are  conveyed  to  him, 
with  reinforcements  equal  to  the  great  waste  which  unavoidably 
occurs  in  the  army  of  the  Potomac.  The  obstinacy  exhibited  by 
the  two  parties  has  not  been  surpassed  in  the  whole  course  of  the 
war. 

We  have,  as  yet,  no  advices  of  the  movement  recently  instituted 
in  the  valley  of  the  Shenandoah. 

Congress  has  passed  the  currency  bill,  and  thus  disposed  of — I 
think  in  a  manner  which  will  be  satisfactory — the  very  trouble- 
some conflict  between  the  new  national  banking  system  and  the  old 
one  of  state  banks. 


DIARY.    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  133 

June  14,  1864.  —  We  receive  mingled  news  of  successes  and 
reverses  in  desultory  military  movements  beyond  the  Mississippi, 
but  nothing  lias  occurred -there  to  change  the  attitude  we  held  at 
the  date  of  my  last  review  of  the  campaign. 

John  Morgan,  with  what  was  practically  a  guerilla  mounted 
band,  lately  passed  over  the  border  from  Virginia  into  Kentucky 
and  committed  some  depredations  in  the  interior  of  that  state,  of  no 
great  significance.  He  was  hotly  pursued  from  the  start  by  Gen- 
eral Burbridge,  and  was  finally  defeated  near  Cynthiana,  with  the 
dispersion  of  his  forces. 

General  Hunter,  with  his  flying  column,  met  and  defeated  the 
enemy  in  a  pitched  battle  at  Piedmont,  and  then  seized  and  occu- 
pied Staunlon,  in  the  valley  of  Virginia.  He  made  important 
captures  there  of  prisoners,  arms,  ordnance,  and  military  stores.  At 
the  date  of  our  last  advices  he  had  effected  a  union  of  the  forces 
under  his  immediate  command  with  the  detachments  under  com- 
mand of  General  Crook  and  General  Averill,  who  have  very  thor- 
oughly broken  up  the  chief  military  communications  of  the  enemy 
in  that  part  of  the  country.  We  learn  that  on  the  one  hand  Gen- 
eral Sheridan,  with  a  considerable  cavalry  force,  has  gone  out  to 
meet  and  strengthen  General  Hunter,  while  Breckenridge,  with 
some  insurgent  levies,  has  gone  to  resist  Hunter's  attempt  to  effect 
a  junction  with  the  army  of  the  Potomac  in  front  of  Richmond. 
The  very  severe  but  heroic  battle  which  was  fought  on  the  3d  of 
June  at  Cold  Harbor  resulted  in  satisfying  Licutenant-General 
Grant  that  Richmond  could  not  be  entered  directly  from  that  point 
without  unnecessary  waste  of  military  power;  he  therefore  immedi- 
ately began  his  preparations  to  seize  a  new  and  better  position,  and 
at  the  same  time  effect  a  junction  with  the  forces  yet  remaining 
under  command  of  Major-General  Butler  on  the  south  bank  of  the 
James  River.  The  movement  began  on  the  evening  of  the  12th, 
and  we  are  now  anxiously  waiting  for  information  of  the  result. 

Jane  20,  1864.  —  No  significant  military  event  has  occurred  in 
the  region  beyond  the  Mississippi  since  my  last  notice  of  the  cam- 
paign. A  considerable  force  whym  was  sent  out  by  General  Wash- 
burn, under  command  of  General  Sturgis,  encountered  the  insur- 
gents, led  by  Forrest,  and  was  repulsed  and  routed.  This  reverse 
excited  apprehensions  here  for  the  safety  of  General  Sherman's  com- 
munications.    Later  information  assures  us  that,  although  the  de- 


134  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

feat  of  Sturgis  was  complete,  yet  the  losses  were  greatly  exagger- 
ated. General  Sherman,  on  hearing  of  it,  promptly  assured  us  that 
he  had  taken  adequate  measures  to  guard  against  any  serious  em- 
barrassments which  might  otherwise  result  from  that  unfortunate 
occurrence.  During  the  last  week  we  were  kept  well  apprised  by 
General  Sherman  of  his  own  position,  and  the  uncertain  attitude  of 
his  opponent,  Johnston.  Last  night  General  Sherman  announced 
that  Johnston  had  again  retreated,  and  that  our  whole  army  are 
pursuing  the  insurgents  as  far  as  the  Chattahoochee  River,  where 
we  understand  Johnston  will  probably  make  a  new  stand  for  the 
defence  of  Atlanta.  We  have  heard  from  General  Hunter's  flying 
column  only  through  the  insurgent  papers  at  Petersburg  and  Rich- 
mond. From  these  reports  we  infer  that  he  is  still  operating,  either 
against  Charlottesville  or  against  Lynchburg.  The  insurgents  claim 
to  have  defeated  Sheridan's  cavalry  on  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
railroad,  near  Gordonsville,  with  severe  loss,  but  this  is  erroneous ; 
he  obtained  a  victory,  with  substantial  fruits,  in  the  engagement  in 
which  he  is  reported  to  have  been  beaten.  But  afterwards,  on  ar- 
riving at  Gordonsville,  he  found  that  place  too  well  defended  by  an 
infantry  force  to  be  carried  by  assault ;  he  therefore  retired,  and 
when  he  was  last  heard  from  was  at  West  Point,  on  the  York  River, 
it  is  supposed  in  communication  with  General  Grant.  You  will 
read  in  the  newspapers  Lieutenant- General  Grant's  modest  but 
clear  account  of  his  success  in  transferring  the  army  of  the  Poto- 
mac, without  any  loss,  from  its  position  in  front  and  within  fifty 
yards  of  the  enemy  on  the  north  bank  of  the  Chickahominy,  across 
that  river,  and  also  across  the  James  River,  to  the  south  bank  of  the 
James,  below  Petersburg,  at  the  same  time  reinforcing  General  But- 
ler at  Bermuda  Hundred.  The  movement,  as  I  before  wrote  you, 
began  on  the  evening  of  the  12th  instant,  and  was  entirely  com- 
pleted on  the  15th.  Immediately  upon  obtaining  his  new  position, 
Lieutenant-General  Grant  began  a  series  of  assaults  against  Peters- 
burg. The  place  was  found  strongly  defended.  Some  of  the  outer 
intrenchments  have  been  carried,  with  a  considerable  capture  of 
prisoners  and  guns,  and  these  defences  are  still  held ;  yet  the  enemy 
has  not  been  displaced  from  Petersburg.  It  is  understood  that  Lee 
has  strongly  reinforced  Beauregard,  who  defends  Petersburg,  and 
that  he  has  recovered  the  railroad  which  connects  that  place  with 
Richmond,  and  which  at  one  time  fell  into  the  hands  of  General 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR.  135 

Butler.  Some  of  the  prisoners  state  that  they  have  just  arrived 
from  Tennessee,  and  this  fact  implies  that  Lee  has  been  reinforced 
from  Johnston's  army;  but  the  evidences  of  it  are  not  conclusive.  I 
do  not  know  that  I  could  say  more  to  render  the  military  situation 
intelligible ;  but,  in  view  of  the  discredit  with  which  all  accounts  of 
our  operations  are  met  in  Europe,  I  may  not  improperly  add  that 
our  commanding  generals,  and  all  our  military  authorities,  regard 
the  progress  which  the  armies  have  made  with  satisfaction. 

June  28,  1864.  —  Lieutenant-General  Grant  having,  as  it  is  be- 
lieved, safely  and  firmly  established  himself  before  Petersburg,  and 
having  made  all  prudent  attempts  to  carry  the  town  by  assault,  his 
operations  there  have  now;  become  simply  strategic.  He  has  already 
destroyed  all  the  railroad  and  river  communications  of  Petersburg 
and  Richmond.  It  is  not  true  that  General  Hunter  has  been  de- 
feated ;  on  the  contrary,  it  is  satisfactorily  known  that  his  opera- 
tions have  been  successful. 

We  have  news  from  Major-General  Sherman  that  he  met  a 
repulse,  with  a  loss  of  three  or  four  thousand  men,  in  a  general 
assault  yesterday  upon  the  enemy's  line  in  the  Keewan  Mountains. 

Perhaps  I  could  in  no  better  way  relieve  you  of  any  apprehen- 
sions concerning  the  safety  of  our  two  great  armies  than  by  stating 
the  fact  that,  notwithstanding  the  vicissitudes  of  battle,  not  only 
are  our  supplies  and  material  regularly  furnished  to  both  armies  in 
their  advanced  positions,  but  the  headquarters  of  each  are  in  direct 
and  immediate  telegraphic  communication  with  this  capital. 

July  4,  1864.  — After  a  session  of  seven  months  Congress  will  ad- 
journ at  noon  to-day.  It  has  in  the  main  responded  to  the  calls  of 
the  President  for  men  and  money  to  continue  operations  indispensa- 
ble to  suppress  the  insurrection.  Theoretically,  larger  revenues 
ought  to  have  been  levied  than  those  which  Congress  has  imposed  ; 
but,  practically,  those  revenues  are  expected  to  satisfy  the  conditions 
upon  which  the  public  credit  can  be  permanently  established.  The 
debates  have  been  as  loyal  and  harmonious  as  could  reasonably  have 
been  expected  in  the  legislative  assembly  of  a  confederate  republic, 
in  a  great  civil  war.  Congress  has  not  confined  itself  to  military 
measures.  It  has  provided  for  carrying  on  the  work  upon  the  Capi- 
tol and  other  public  buildings,  for  establishing  steam  mail  commu- 
nications with  Brazil,  for  encouraging  immigration,  for  prosecuting 
the  construction  of  the  inter-oceanic  continental  railroad,  and  has 


136  DIARY,    OR  NOTES   ON   THE  WAR. 

given  its  sanction  to  the  preparation  for  building  an  inter-continental 
or  world's  telegraph  line  across  Behring  Straits  in  connection  with 
Great  Britain  and  Russia. 

General  Sherman  surprised  us  yesterday  with  the  agreeable  infor- 
mation that  he  has  flanked  the  insurgent  forces  on  Kenesaw  Moun- 
tain, and  advanced  to  Marietta  on  the  way  towards  Atlanta. 

During  the  last  week,  Lieutenant-General  Grant's  operations 
upon  the  communications  of  the  insurgent  army  now  at  Petersburg 
and  Richmond  have  been  eminently  successful.  I  am  desirous,  in 
my  correspondence,  to  give  you  only  facts,  not  anticipations.  .  .  . 

You  will  read  in  the  papers  of  a  rebel  raid  at  Martinsburg,  threat- 
ening the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad.  The  movement  is  not  fully 
developed,  but  no  serious  embarrassment  to  our  operations  is  appre- 
hended from  it. 

So,  also,  you  will  see  accounts  of  insurgent  movements  on  the 
Mississippi  and  Red  rivers.  I  am  satisfied  that  our  military  author- 
ities have  in  hand  counter  operations  which  promise  us  the  needful 
security  for  Sherman's  base  on  the  Mississippi. 

Upon  a  careful  review  of  the  whole  field,  the  prospects  of  this 
great  campaign  are  regarded  as  auspicious. 

July  8,  1864.  —  We  are  informed  of  the  destruction  of  the  pirate 
ship  Alabama  by  the  Kearsarge  in  an  engagement  off  Cherbourg  on 
the  19th  June  last.  This  event  has  given  great  satisfaction  to  the 
government,  and  it  appreciates  and  commends  the  bravery  and  skill 
displayed  by  Captain  Winslow  and  the  officers  and  crew  under  his 
command. 

Several  incidents  of  the  transaction  seem  to  demand  immediate 
attention.  The  first  is,  that  this  government  disapproves  the 
proceeding  of  Captain  Winslow  in  paroling  and  discharging  the 
pirates  who  fell  into  his  hands  in  that  brilliant  naval  engagement, 
and  in  order  to  guard  against  injurious  inferences  which  might 
result  from  that  error  if  it  were  overlooked,  you  are  instructed  to 
make  the  fact  of  this  disapprobation  and  censure  known  to  her  Maj- 
esty's government,  and  to  state  at  the  same  time  that  this  govern- 
ment, adhering  to  declarations  heretofore  made,  does  not  recognize 
the  Alabama  as  a  ship-of-war  of  a  lawful  belligerent  power. 

Secondly,  the  presence  and  the  proceedings  of  a  British  yacht,  the 
Deerhound,  at  the  battle,  require  explanation.  On  reading  the 
statements  which  have  reached  this  government,  it  seems  impossible 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  ■  137 

to  doubt  that  the  Deerhound  went  out  to  the  place  of  conflict  by 
concert  and  arrangement  with  the  commander  of  the  Alabama,  and 
with  at  least  a  conditional  purpose  of  rendering  her  aid  and  assist- 
ance. She  did  effectually  render  such  aid  by  rescuing  the  commander 
of  the  Alabama  and  a  portion  of  his  crew  from  the  pursuit  of  the 
Kearsarge,  and  by  furtively  and  clandestinely  conveying  them  to 
Southampton,  within  British  jurisdiction.  We  learn  from  Paris 
that  the  intervention  of  the  Deerhound  occurred  after  the  Alabama 
had  actually  surrendered.  The  proceeding  of  the  Deerhound,  there- 
fore, seems  to  have  been  directly  hostile  to  the  United  States. 
Statements  of  the  owner  of  the  Deerhound  are  reported  here,  to  the 
effect  that  he  was  requested  by  Captain  Winslow  to  rescue  the 
drowning  survivors  of  the  battle,  but  no  official  confirmation  of  this 
statement  is  found  in  the  reports  of  Captain  Winslow.  Even  if  he 
did  make  such  a  request,  the  owner  of  the  Deerhound  subsequently 
abused  the  right  of  interference  by  secreting  the  rescued  pirates  and 
carrying  them  away  beyond  the  pursuit  of  the  Kearsarge.  More- 
over, we  are  informed  from  Paris  that  the  Deerhound  before  going 
out  received  from  Semmes,  and  that  she  subsequently  conveyed 
away  to  England,  a  deposit  of  money  and  other  valuables  of  which 
Semmes  in  his  long  piratical  career  had  despoiled  numerous  Ameri- 
can merchantmen. 

The  Deerhound  is  understood  to  belong  to  the  royal  yacht  associa- 
tion, with  certain  naval  privileges  conferred  by  law,  and  recognized 
as  belonging  to  the  naval  force  of  Great  Britain.  Her  proceedings 
are  therefore  regarded  with  the  more  concern,  since  they  have  a 
semi-official  character. 

Again,  it  is  observed  that,  so  far  as  can  be  discovered,  the  crew  of 
the  pirate,  excepting  two  traitorous  officers  from  the  United  States, 
were  chiefly  British  subjects,  and  all  of  them  had  been  enlisted  for 
the  Alabama  in  British  ports.  All  of  them  have  been  periodically 
paid  their  wages,  nearly  two  years,  b}r  other  British  subjects,  resid- 
ing and  keeping  an  office  openly  in  the  British  port  of  Liverpool.  It 
is  further  represented  upon  British  authority,  very  manifestly  hostile 
to  the  United  States,  that  the  surgeon  of  the  Alabama  who  was  lost 
in  the  vessel  was  a  British  subject.  It  is  stated  on  like  authority  that 
Semmes,  the  pirate  commander,  has  openly  avowed  at  Southampton, 
as  if  it  were  to  the  honor  and  renown  of  the  British  nation,  that  the 
best  gunners  of  the  Alabama  had  been  trained  in  a  British  govern- 


138  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

mental  school  of  artillery.  It  is  related  on  the  like  authority  that 
the  same  Semmes  has  avowed,  manifestly  to  the  satisfaction  of  a 
considerable  portion  of  the  British  public,  that  the  pirate  crew  who 
escaped  would  continue  to  receive  wages  in  England,  and  would 
remain  there  in  his  unlawful  service  until  he  should,  in  August  next, 
take  to  the  sea  again  in  a  new  Alabama,  understood  to  be  forth- 
coming from  a  British  port. 

Once  more,  it  is  stated  that  the  wounded  pirates  were  received  at 
once  and  cared  for  in  a  national  British  naval  hospital,  in  or  near  to 
Southampton. 

While  these  occurrences  were  happening  in  England,  the  escaped 
commander  of  the  Alabama  is  said  to  have  been  the  object  of  hospi- 
talities and  demonstrations  from  British  subjects  in  Southampton, 
which  could  have  been  reasonably  bestowed  only  upon  the  supposition 
that,  in  robbing  or  burning  or  sinking  American  merchantmen  on 
the  high  seas,  in  all  quarters  of  the  globe,  and  finally  in  engaging 
the  Kearsarge  off  the  port  of  Cherbourg,  he  was  acting  with  the 
implied  consent  and  in  the  interest  of  Great  Britain  as  an  enemy  of 
the  United  States.  This  government  experiences  much  pain  in 
reviewing  these  extraordinary  incidents  of  the  late  naval  engage- 
ment. The  President  earnestly  desires,  not  only  a  continuance  of 
peace,  but  also  to  preserve  our  long  existing  friendship  with  Great 
Britain.  He  is,  therefore,  indisposed  to  complain  of  injuries  on  the 
part  of  British  subjects  whenever  he  can  refrain  consistently  with 
the  safety,  honor,  and  dignity  of  the  United  States.  In  this  spirit 
we  are  ready,  as  we  are  desirous,  to  learn  that  many  of  the  state- 
ments to  which  I  have  referred  are  erroneous.  But  when  we  have 
made  considerable  allowances  in  that  way,  there  yet  remain  very 
large  grounds  for  representation  on  our  part  to  her  Majesty's  gov- 
ernment. 

I  desire,  however,  to  be  understood  as  speaking  with  sincerity  and 
frankness  when  I  say,  that  this  government  does  not  for  a  moment 
believe  that  any  of  the  proceedings  which  I  have  related  were 
adopted  under  any  orders  or  directions,  or  with  any  knowledge,  on 
the  part  of  her  Britannic  Majesty's  government.  On  the  contrary, 
I  have  to  declare,  without  reservation,  my  belief  that  the  proceedings 
herein  recited  of  the  pirate  Semmes  and  of  the  yacht  Deerhound, 
and  of  the  British  subjects  who  have  sympathized  with  and  unlaw- 
fully aided  and  abetted  the  pirates,  are  the  unauthorized  acts  of 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  139 

individuals,  and  that  those  proceedings  will  be  regretted  and  disap- 
proved by  her  Majesty's  government. 

The  President  will  expect  you  1  to  carefully  gather  information, 
to  weigh  it  well,  and  then  to  make  a  proper  representation  to-  her 
Majesty's  government  upon  the  whole  subject  I  have  thus  pre- 
sented. The  Secretary  of  the  Navy  will  give  special  instructions  to 
Captain  Winslow  to  answer  your  inquiries. 

Unless  the  cases  shall  be  materially  modified  by  the  result  of  your 
inquiries,  you  will  be  expected  to  say,  in  the  first  place,  that  the 
incidents  I  have  related,  if  unexplained,  seem  to  confirm  the  sound- 
ness of  the  opinion  heretofore  held  and  insisted  upon  by  this  govern- 
ment, that  the  Alabama  is  justly  to  be  regarded  as  a  vessel  fitted 
out  by  British  subjects,  engaged  in  making  unlawful  war  against  the 
United  States. 

Secondly,  this  government  is  of  opinion  that  Semmes  and  his 
confederates  having  been  rescued  by  unlawful  intervention  of  the 
Deerhound,  and  conveyed  within  the  jurisdiction  of  Great  Britain, 
they  ought  to  be  delivered  up  to  the  United  States. 

Thirdly,  it  will  be  your  duty  to  remonstrate  against  the  conduct 
of  any  British  authorities  or  subjects  wrho  may  be  engaged  in  fur- 
nishing supplies  or  paying  wages  to  the  escaped  pirates  of  the 
Alabama,  and  to  ask  for  their  conviction  and  punishment. 

Fourthly,  the  occasion  will  warrant  you  in  asking  her  Majesty's 
government,  with  earnestness,  to  adopt  such  measures  as  shall  be 
found  necessary  to  prevent  the  preparation,  equipment,  and  outfit  of 
any  further  hostile  naval  expedition  from  British  shores  to  make  war 
against  the  United  States.  If,  however,  you  find  the  facts  estab- 
lished by  your  inquiries  to  differ  materially  from  the  statements 
thereof,  herein  assumed  to  be  true,  you  will  be  at  liberty  to  modify 
your  representations  accordingly ;  or  if  you  prefer  you  will  report 
the  result  of  your  inquiries  and  apply  to  this  government  for  further 
and  specific  instructions. 

July  12,  1864.  —  The  insurgent  movement  in  the  Shenandoah 
valley,  which  I  mentioned  in  a  late  despatch,  developed  at  the  close 
of  last  week.  A  column,  reported  at  30,000  or  40,000,  under  Breck- 
inridge, passed  the  Potomac  fords  above  Harper's  Ferry,  crossed  the 
South  Mountain,  and  entered  Frederick,  in  Maryland,  Saturday,  the 
9th  instant.     Major-General  Wallace,  with  about  7,000  men,  hastily 

1  Mr.  Adams. 


140  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

drawn  from  Baltimore,  met  the  whole  or  a  considerable  portion  of  the 
enemy's  force  at  the  bridge  at  Monocacy,  which  opens  the  way  equally 
to  Washington  and  Baltimore.  A  deadly  conflict  was  maintained 
from  nine  in  the  morning  to  five  in  the  afternoon.  Our  forces,  over- 
powered by  double  their  number,  gave  way  and  retreated  to 
Ellicott's  Mills. 

Insurgent  cavalry  on  Sunday  spread  themselves  over  a  portion  of 
Maryland,  extending  from  the  Gunpowder  Creek,  on  the  north,  to 
the  border  of  this  city  on  the  south,  and  from  the  Potomac  eastward, 
approaching  the  Washington  branch  of  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio 
railroad,  threatened  Baltimore  and  Washington.  They  captured 
and  destroyed  a  train  of  cars  on  the  railroad  at  Gunpowder  Creek, 
and  broke  the  telegraph  line  at  that  point.  The  main  column  is 
believed  to  have  been  moving  across  the  country  from  the  bank  of  the 
Potomac  near  Rockville,  towards  Bladensburg,  at  a  distance  of  per- 
haps eight  miles  north  of  this  city.  The  enemy's  cavalry  approached 
and  skirmished  with  our  cavalry  and  pickets  immediately  in  front  of 
our  north  line  of  fortifications,  which  extends  from  the  west  branch 
of  the  Potomac  to  Bladensburg,  on  the  east  branch.  The  enemy's 
column  is  understood  to  be  about  20,000.  Arrangements  have  been 
made  for  the  defence  of  Baltimore.  But  this  morning  it  is  reported 
that  there  is  no  considerable  force  in  the  vicinity  of  that  place. 
Vigorous  measures  have  been  taken  to  improve  the  defences  of 
Washington,  and  every  hour  increases  our  strength.  It  is  supposed 
now  that  the  force  of  the  enemy  has  not  yet  effected  a  concentration. 
Last  night  passed  off  without  an  assault,  and  this  morning  telegraph- 
ic communication  between  Washington  and  the  north  is  completely 
restored.  Our  communication  with  General  Grant  at  Petersburg 
has  not  been  interrupted.  The  railroad  between  Baltimore  and 
Philadelphia  will  be  speedily  repaired.  In  the  mean  time  communi- 
cation is  carried  on  between  Baltimore  and  Philadelphia  through 
the  canal  which  connects  with,  the  Delaware.  General  Hunter  is  at 
Martinsburg,  but  not  yet  in  communication  by  telegraph.  General 
Grant  still  persists  in  his  siege  of  Petersburg  and  Richmond.  Gen- 
eral Sherman  has  crossed  the  Chattahoochee,  and  there  are  indica- 
tions that  the  enemy  will  retire  from  Atlanta. 

July  14,  1864.  —  I  sympathize  with  you1  as  the  whole  American 
people  do,  in  the  grief  and  sorrow  which  you  express  on  the  occa- 

i  Mr  Motley. 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  141 

sion  of  the  death  of  General  Wadsworth.  He  was  an  eminent  type 
of  the  sublime  virtue  which  is  saving  and  regenerating  the  Repub- 
lic. There  is  scarcely  a  family  in  the  country  which  has  not  been 
bereaved,  and  you  may  therefore  be  sure  of  universal  sympathy 
when  you  mourn  for  one  near  to  yourself  who  was  stricken  down 
upon  the  battle-field. 

July  18,  1864.  —  My  despatches  were  delayed  last  week  by  reason 
of  the  interruption  of  the  postal  and  telegraphic  lines  between  this 
city  and  Philadelphia.  An  insurgent  force,  of  unascertained  strength, 
was  then  in  front  of  this  capital,  but  it  had  not  excited  serious 
alarm.  The  enemy  withdrew  by  night,  on  the  12th  instant,  and 
has  since  retired  into  Virginia.  Not  only  the  actual  number  of  the 
intruding  force,  but  also  its  expectations  and  purposes,  yet  remain  a 
subject  of  earnest  speculation.  I  express  on  these  points  conclu- 
sions which  I  have  drawn  chiefly  from  my  own  inquiries  and 
observations. 

General  Hunter,  in  May  last,  leaving  a  considerable  portion  of 
his  command  at  Harper's  Ferry  and  its  vicinity,  proceeded  up  the 
valley  of  Virginia  to  operate  upon  the  western  and  southwestern 
military  communications  of  Richmond.  He  effected  his  object. 
Before  that  time,  however,  Lee  had  organized  a  column  and  sent  it 
out  to  resist  and  chastise  Hunter.  This  column  is  understood  to 
have  been  twenty-two  thousand  men,  besides  cavalry.  It  largely 
exceeded  Hunter's  forces.  Hunter  retired  before  it,  and  proceeded 
safely  to  the  Ohio  River.  There  he  gathered  transport,  and  put  his 
weary  column  in  motion  upon  the  river,  designing  to  disembark  at 
Parkersburg,  and  return  thence  by  railroad  to  Harper's  Ferry.  A 
season  of  unusual  drought  intervened,  and  the  waters  of  the  Ohio 
fell,  rendering  the  moving  of  the  transports  slow  and  difficult.  The 
residuary  force  at  Harper's  Ferry  was  not  formidable,  and  so,  prac- 
tically, the  valley  was  left  open  for  the  insurgent  columns  which 
Hunter  had  left  behind  him  at  Lynchburg.  That  column  remounted 
the  dismounted  cavalry  with  horses  taken  in  its  progress,  and  was 
probably  reinforced  by  recruits  also,  and  thus  strengthened  came 
down  the  valley.  General  Sigel  retired  before  the  intruders,  first 
from  Marti  nsburg  to  Harper's  Ferry,  and  then  across  the  Potomac 
to  Maryland  Heights,  on  the  opposite  bank.  The  enemy  once  more 
broke  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad,  and  unopposed  made  their 
way  over  the  upper  fords  of  the  Potomac,  crossed  the  South  Moun- 


142  DIAEY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

tain,  and  arrived  at  Frederick.  In  the  meantime  Hunter's  forces, 
arriving  at  Parkersburg,  were  making  their  way,  although  too  late, 
yet  with  good  success  towards  Harper's  Ferry,  and  General  Grant, 
at  Petersburg,  sent  up  the  6th  army  corps  to  insure  the  safety  of 
Baltimore  and  Washington.  The  19th  army  corps,  from  Red  River, 
then  at  sea,  were  under  orders  to  join  the  army  of  the  Potomac  on 
the  James  River.  Orders  were  now  given,  that  this  19th  corps,  on 
coming  in  at  Fortress  Monroe,  should,  without  disembarkation,  pro- 
ceed to  Washington.  While  the  enemy  approached  Frederick,  Gen- 
eral Wallace,  combining  a  few  troops  that  could  be  spared  from  the 
garrison  at  Baltimore  with  Ricket's  division,  the  only  portion  of  the 
6th  corps  that  had  yet  arrived,  then  proceeded  to  Frederick,  expecting 
there  to  effect  a  junction  with  Hunter  ;  but  he  had  not  yet  reached 
Harper's  Ferry.  General  Wallace,  with  his  very  scanty  forces,  on 
the  9th  instant  took  a  position  in  front  of  the  bridge  at  Monocacy, 
which  is  a  key  equally  to  Washington  and  Baltimore.  The  enemy, 
with  a  force  double  that  of  Wallace,  and  also  a  great  advantage  of 
position,  after  a  bloody  battle,  which  lasted  eight  hours,  carried  the 
bridge,  and  Wallace  fell  back  along  the  line  of  the  railroad  to  Elli- 
cott's  Mills.  The  loss  of  the  enemy  was  at  least  equal  to  our  own 
in  that  protracted  and  heroic  conflict.  The  enemy,  however,  en- 
countered no  opposing  force  in  Maryland.  They  scattered  their 
cavalry  northward,  eastward,  and  southward,  and  struck  the  Penn- 
sylvania Central  railroad,  and  then  the  Philadelphia  and  Baltimore 
railroad  at  Gunpowder  Creek,  the  suburbs  of  Baltimore,  the  suburbs 
of  Washington,  and  the  Washington  branch  of  the  Baltimore  and 
Ohio  railroad,  near  Bladensburg.  Their  infantry  and  artillery 
forces  were  under  command  of  Early,  who  was  supported  by  Breck- 
inridge and  McCausland.  They  deployed  in  a  south-easterly  direc- 
tion from  Rockville  to  Leesburg,  which  is  on  the  continuation  of 
what  is  known  in  this  city  as  7th  street.  From  this  line  they  threw 
forward  a  considerable  force  for  observation,  and  thus  menaced  Fort 
Stevens. 

This  observing  force  remained  in  that  position  from  Monday 
morning  until  Tuesday  evening,  and  the  space  between  them  and 
the  fortifications  was  a  scene  of  uninterrupted  skirmishes  between 
the  cavalry  and  sharpshooters  of  the  respective  parties.  While 
the  enemy  were  making  these  demonstrations,  the  fortifications 
which  were  threatened  were  duly  manned  by  the  troops  belonging  to 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  143 

the  garrison,  by  newly  raised  levies,  and  by  portions  of  the  6th  corps 
and  of  the  19th  corps,  which  had  by  this  time  begun  to  debark  at 
the  wharves.  A  force  of  2,000  men  sent  out  from  Fort  Stevens  on 
Tuesday  evening  assaulted  the  enemy  with  spirit  and  decision. 
They  retired  to  their  main  line.  In  this  engagement  each  party 
lost  about  300  killed  and  wounded.  That  night  the  enemy's  sharp- 
shooters were  replaced  by  cavalry  pickets,  and  on  Wednesday 
morning,  the  13th,  their  cavalry  disappeared.  At  the  same  time, 
the  insurgents  withdrew  from  the  vicinity  of  Baltimore,  and  a  col- 
umn of  considerable  strength  was  despatched  on  the  afternoon  of  the 
13th  from  this  city  to  pursue  the  enemy  across  the  Potomac.  Tele- 
graphic connection  was  promptly  restored,  and  the  railroads  in  all 
directions,  although  not  altogether  repaired,  are  carrying  their 
freights  and  passengers  to  and  from  Philadelphia  with  almost  their 
customary  punctuality. 

Doubtlessly  the  enemy  thought,  when  he  found  the  valley  open  to 
him,  that  a  raid  into  Maryland  would  yield  him  supplies  of  provis- 
ions and  horses  to  compensate  the  risk  and  cost.  Doubtlessly  he 
thought  it  possible  that  he  might  surprise  the  government  in  a 
defenceless  condition  at  Baltimore  and  Washington.  Doubtlessl}r, 
also,  he  reckoned  upon  some  political  effect  to  result  from  a  panic, 
to  be  excited  by  even  the  menace  of  Washington.  Finally,  it  is 
well  established  that  he  expected  through  that  panic  to  oblige  the 
general  government  to  raise  the  siege  of  Petersburg. 

General  Grant  is  still  persevering  in  the  siege.  The  news  that 
General  Sherman  has  at  last  pursued  the  enemy  from  all  his  moun- 
tain fastnesses,  and  is  now  between  the  Chattahoochee  and  Atlanta, 
is  confirmed.  His  communications  still  remain  unbroken,  and  the 
forces  which  protect  them  have  suffered  no  discomfiture.  He  is  now 
advancing  upon  Atlanta. 

We  are  preparing  to  call  out  additional  forces,  in  the  hope  of  clos- 
ing the  war  with  the  present  campaign. 

Insurgent  emissaries  have  appeared  on  the  Canada  frontier. 
They  are  ostentatiously  making  it  known  to  the  timid  and  the 
treacherous  that  they  have  come  with  offers  of  peace.  Credulous 
persons  believe  them.  But  thus  far,  although  there  are  channels 
enough  for  any  overtures,  none  have  been  made  to  the  government. 
It  is  not  unlikely  that  the  real  object  of  the  pretended  commission- 
ers is  an  intrigue,  with  a  view  to  effect  upon  the  annual  election. 


144  DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

The  Florida,  making  Bermuda  her  base,  has  been  committing  dep- 
redations off  the  capes  of  the  Chesapeake.  A  proper  force  has  been 
sent  out  to  find  her. 

July  26,  1864.  —  During  the  past  week  public  attention  has  been 
concentrated  upon  Atlanta.  When  General  Sherman  had  fully 
crossed  the  Chattahoochee,  the  insurgent  General  Johnston  was 
replaced  by  Hood.  On  the  22d  instant  General  Sherman  was  dis- 
posing of  his  columns  with  a  view  to  an  advance.  On  the  other 
hand,  the  enemy,  after  manoeuvring  with  skill,  fell  upon  the 
column  of  McPherson  with  great  vehemence.  That  able  and  mag- 
nanimous commander  fell  by  the  ball  of  a  sharpshooter  before  the 
battle  began.  His  command  was  assumed  by  General  Logan.  The 
battle  became  general,  and  was  fought  with  great  tenacity.  The 
enemy  was  repulsed  at  every  point  and  our  forces  held  the  battle- 
field. Our  whole  loss  was  about  two  thousand.  We  found  one 
thousand  of  the  enemy's  dead  on  the  field,  and  their  aggregate  loss 
was  seven  thousand. 

A  large  part  of  the  city  of  Atlanta,  although  now  defended  by 
Hood's  army,  lies  within  the  range  of  our  guns.  The  city  has  four 
railroad  military  communications.  The  road  to  Chattanooga  is  held 
by  our  forces.  The  road  to  Augusta  has  been  destroyed  by  General 
Sherman,  throughout  a  distance  of  fifty  miles.  The  road  to  Mont- 
gomery, in  Alabama,  has  been  effectually  broken  at  Opelika.  The 
road  leading  to  Macon  alone  remains.  It  is  probable  that  it  will 
not  escape  the  attention  of  General  Sherman. 

I  have  just  returned  from  a  visit  to  General  Grant  in  front  of 
Petersburg.  His  army  is  in  excellent  condition.  While  he  has  no 
fear  that  the  enemy  will  attempt  to  assail  him,  he  is  at  the  same  time 
neither  idle  nor  embarrassed  concerning  a  plan  of  operations.  The 
insurgent  raiding  force  which  lately  visited  Maryland  retired  up 
the  valley  before  General  Wright.  He  returned  to  his  camp  near 
Georgetown.  The  enemy  then  retraced  their  steps,  and  are  now 
again  advancing  towards  Harper's  Ferry.  Our  military  authorities 
are  on  the  alert. 

The  insurgent  political  agents,  Clay  and  Holcomb,  who,  as  I 
wrote  you  last  week,  had  appeared  in  Canada,  attempting  to  practise 
upon  the  American  people  by  protestations  of  a  readiness  on  the 
part  of  the  insurgents  at  Richmond  to  make  peace  on  compatible 
terms,  were  last  week  brought  directly  to  an  explanation,  which  re- 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON   THE   WAR.  145 

suited  in  showing  to  the  whole  world,  what  was  already  well  under- 
stood here,  that  the  rebel  military  cabal  indulges  no  thought  of 
peace,  except  through  the  dissolution  of  the  Union.  How  could  it 
be  otherwise  ?  Propositions  for  peace  must  come,  not  through  the 
conspirator's  council  chamber,  but  behind  it. 

July  28,  1864.  —  Now,  when"  General  Sherman  has  Atlanta  under 
his  guns,  when  General  Grant  commands  the  avenues  to  the  so- 
called  insurgent  capital,  and  when  the  nation's  credit  is  reviving 
under  the  fiscal  conduct  of  Mr.  Fessenden,  it  excites  a  smile  to  read 
in  your  despatch  that  the  latest  telegraphic  advices  you  have  con- 
cerning affairs  at  home,  were  that  our  army  was  harmless  at  Peters- 
burg ;  that  Sherman,  with  a  starving  army,  had  been  repulsed  on 
his  march  into  Georgia  ;  and  that  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Chase  had 
unfavorably  affected  American  securities. 

August  1,  1864.  —  Vigorous  activity  has  been  displayed  in  the 
campaign,  but  no  great  change  in  the  military  situation  has  occurred 
since  my  last  notice  thereof.  The  insurgent  expeditionary  force 
which  visited  Maryland  a  short  time  ago,  then  retired  before  our 
pursuit  into  the  valley,  and  again  assumed  the  aggressive  when  the 
chase  was  relinquished,  have  during  the  last  week  been  oper- 
ating on  the  south  side  of  the  upper  Potomac,  west  of  Harper's 
Ferry.  On  the  29th  a  cavalry  detachment  of  that  force,  400  or  500 
strong,  marched  into  Chambersburg,  burned  a  considerable  portion 
of  the  town,  and  then  made  their  escape  before  a  government 
force,  under  command  of  General  Averill.  Measures  have  been 
taken  to  repel  any  further  incursions  without  weakening  oar  army 
on  the  James  River. 

On  the  morning  of  the  28th  ultimo  Lieutenant-General  Grant, 
by  way  of  diverting  the  enemy,  sent  a  column,  under  Major-General 
Hancock,  across  the  James,  and  took  possession  of  Malvern  Hill ; 
an  engagement  ensued,  in  which  he  drove  three  insurgent  brigades 
from  an  intrenched  position,  captured  four  guns  and  many  prison- 
ers, without  any  serious  loss.  On  the  night  of  the  29th  this  column 
returned  to  their  accustomed  position  unobserved  by  the  enemy.  On 
the  morning  of  the  30th  the  mine  which  had  been  prepared  under 
the  portion  of  the  enemy's  fortifications,  in  the  centre  of  the  cir- 
cumvallation  of  Petersburg,  was  exploded,  and  thereupon  an  assault 
was  made  over  the  breach  produced  by  the  explosion.  The  breach 
and  a  considerable  length  of  parapet  on  the  right,  together  with  a 
10 


146  DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

fort  in  front,  were  taken  and  held  by  our  forces.  Some  300  prison- 
ers were  captured,  and  a  large  portion  of  a  South  Carolina  regiment 
were  buried  under  the  debris  of  the  explosion  ;  but  the  assault 
upon  the  main  line  failed  with  considerable,  though  not  very  great, 
loss. 

No  important  event  has  occurred  at  Atlanta  since  the  battle  of 
the  22d,  in  which  it  now  appears  that  our  army,  although  surprised, 
as  I  have  before  reported,  was  completely  triumphant,  yet  the 
enemy,  nevertheless,  for  a  brief  space,  claimed  a  victory. 

August  8,  1864.  —  The  military  campaign  has,  as  a  whole,  been 
very  successful ;  but  it  has  also  been  attended  by  disappointments, 
accidents,  and  reverses.  It  has  not  yet  ended,  and  it  either  is,  or 
to  the  public  mind  seems  to  be,  alarmingly  protracted.  Judging 
from  the  language  of  the  press  and  of  those  who  engage  in  debates, 
one  might  well  believe  that  the  people  are  deeply  despondent,  that 
their  resolution  is  failing,  and  that  new  and  menacing  distractions 
are  imminent.  I  am  not  altogether  able  to  dispel  this  popular 
gloom  from  the  region  of  my  own  mind.  Nevertheless,  I  think  it 
wise  to  remember  that  the  country  is  in  that  peculiar  state  of  agita- 
tion which  is  inseparable  from  the  canvass  preliminary  to  a  presi- 
dential election  —  thafr  all  the  faculties  of  the  public  mind  are 
necessarily  wrought  up  to  a  high  pitch  of  excitement,  and,  owing  to 
the  gravity  of  affairs,  a  higher  pitch  than  they  ever  attained  before. 
Misconception  and  exaggeration  color  every  opinion  on  every  sub- 
ject, and  individuals  and.  masses  are  thrown  into  that  political  con- 
dition Wherein  faction  is  so  often  allowed  to  begin  the  work  of 
anarchy.  I  hear  alarms  on  all  sides,  but  as  yet  I  hear  of  no  formi- 
dable movements  of  disorganization.  In  such  a  case  I  should 
despair  for  the  safety  of  free  government  among  any  other  people. 
The  American  people  are  peculiarly  intelligent,  thoughtful,  and 
virtuous,  and  the  conditions  of  their  life  are  especially  favorable. 
We  may  surely  place  much  reliance  on  the  force  of  habit  among 
such  a  people.  They  have  resisted  violent  revolutionary  tendencies 
and  stringent  reactionary  interests  for  three  years  with  so  much 
prudence  and  sagacity,  that  I  think  it  reasonable  to  expect  that 
they  will  preserve  their  proper  temper  when  they  provide,  in  a  con- 
stitutional manner,  for  the  continuance  of  the  government,  which  it 
is  absolutely  certain  that  in  their  thoughtful  seasons  they  hold  at 
its  inestimable  worth.     If  they  can  do  this,  there  is  no  reason  to 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR.  147 

apprehend  that  they  will  be  unable  to  carry  this  painful  civil  war 
to  a  safe  conclusion.  The  advantages  of  resources  and  means,  as 
well  as  the  logic  of  reason  and  morals,  are  in  their  favor.  The 
course  of  events  is  liable  to  be  much  affected  by  vicissitudes,  and 
these  are  not  to  be  expected  to  be  divided  between  the  parties  dis- 
proportionately to  their  relative  advantages  and  merits. 

August  9,  1864.  —  The  failure  of  our  assault  upon  the  fortifica- 
tions at  Petersburg,  which  I  mentioned  in  my  last  military  sum- 
mary, proved  to  be  more  complete  and  more  disastrous  than  I  had 
then  learned.  We  retained  none  of  the  ground  gained,  and  our  loss 
was  3,500  men,  which  greatly  exceeded  that  of  the  enemy.  The 
result  protracts  the  siege,  but  is  not  otherwise  discouraging.  The 
enemy  recently  sprang  a  mine  in  front  of  our  works,  but  absolutely 
without  effect. 

You  will  find  in  the  public  papers  very  full  reports  of  the  opera- 
tions of  General  Sherman.  They  have  been  eminently  successful 
and  ver}r  injurious  to  the  enemy.  It  seems  reasonable  to  expect  a 
consummation  of  the  siege  of  Atlanta  in  a  few  days.  Our  cavalry 
have  met  with  severe  losses  in  cutting  off  the  military  communica- 
tions of  the  insurgents,  but  it  is  understood  that  these  losses  are 
counterbalanced  by  the  strategic  advantages  gained. 

The  public  mind  has  been  kept  highly  excited  by  the  recent 
movements  of  the  insurgent  column  which  lately  visited  Maryland. 
It  is  understood,  however,  that  their  operations  have  been  chiefly 
cavalry  movements,  and  that  the  damage  they  have  done  is  confined 
to  the  destruction  of  a  considerable  portion  of  Chambersburg. 
What  is  believed  an  adequate  force  is  now  advancing  against  the 
enemy  in  the  valley  of  Virginia,  under  command  of  General  Sheri- 
dan. There  is  at  least  a  significant  cessation  of  the  aggressive  oper- 
ations of  the  insurgents  in  that  quarter,  and  at  the  moment  I  am 
writing  we  have  official  information  that  the  force  which  destroyed 
Chambersburg  has  already  been,  in  effect,  destroyed. 

We  have  information,  through  the  insurrectionary  press,  that 
Admiral  Farragut,  after  a  successful  naval  battle  in  the  bay  of 
Mobile,  has  passed  the  two  lower  insurgent  forts  and  gone  up 
to  that  city.  We  expect  decisive  news  from  that  quarter  without 
delay. 

August  15,  1864.  —  The  insurgent  force  which,  under  command 
of  Early,  threatened  Washington  and  Baltimore  in  July,  and  then 


148  DIARY,   Oil   NOTES   ON"  THE   WAR. 

retired  across  the  Potomac,  is  still  in  the  lower  part  of  the  valley, 
near  Grafton.  One  detachment  of  it,  as  you  have  been  already 
informed,  was  defeated  by  General  Kelly  at  New  Creek,  and  subse- 
quently another  was  routed  with  severe  loss  by  General  Averill. 
Since  that  time  hostile  forces  are  understood  to  have  been  concen- 
trating and  retiring  up  the  valley  before  the  pursuit  of  the  Union 
column,  now  under  command  of  Major-General  Sheridan.  We  are 
informed  that  considerable  reinforcements  have  been  sent  down  to 
Early  by  Lee  from  his  army  in  Petersburg.  In  consequence  of  this 
measure,  the  column  of  Major -General  Sheridan  has  been  materi- 
ally strengthened,  and  we  may  expect  soon  to  hear  of  a  serious 
collision  in  the  valley.  Profound  silence  prevails  in  regard  to  the 
operations  at  Petersburg. 

The  siege  of  Atlanta  has,  during  the  last  week,  been  attended  by 
no  startling  incident. 

We  have  not  yet  received  any  official  reports  of  the  movement 
against  Mobile.  Newspaper  statements  of  the  7th  instant,  at  New 
Orleans,  represent  the  naval  engagement  to  have  been  very  brilliant 
and  successful.  They  say  that  our  fleet  had  passed  the  insurgent 
line  of  obstructions  in  the  bay,  and  would  proceed  to  cross  the  bar 
in  front  of  the  city.  Richmond  papers  give  reports  from  Mobile 
on  the  9th  instant.  They  are  silent  concerning  operations  there 
after  the  naval  conflict  in  which  Admiral  Farragut  passed  the 
forts. 

Major-General  Canby  has,  for  strategic  reasons,  withdrawn  our 
forces  from  Brownsville,  and  the  blockade  of  that  port  has  been  rees- 
tablished. 

A  new  piratical  vessel  named  the  Tallahassee  has  appeared  off 
the  coast  of  New  York,  and  committed  a  series  of  vexatious  depre- 
dations. She  is  said  to  be  an  English-built  vessel,  and  is  supposed 
to  have  been  armed  at  Bermuda.  I  wait  for  definite  information 
of  these  points,  to  determine  whether  there  is  occasion  for  repre- 
sentations to  her  Majesty's  government  concerning  the  Tallahassee. 
Notwithstanding  a  seeming  decline  of  public  spirit  during  the  politi- 
cal canvass,  recruiting  has  been  resumed,  and  is  carried  on  with 
considerable  success. 

The  Alabama,  or  290,  was  built,  manned,  and  armed  by  British 
subjects  to  commit  piracies  against  the  United  States.    She  has  been 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  149 

pursuing  this  course  of  piracy  two  years.  Her  Majesty's  govern- 
ment, condemning  the  enterprise,  allege  their  exemption  from 
responsibility  on  the  ground  that  they  exerted  themselves,  in  good 
faith,  but  ineffectually,  to  prevent  it.  The  Kearsarge,  Captain 
Winslow,  finds  the  Alabama  on  the  high  seas  —  engages  and  sends 
her  to  the  bottom.  The  Deerhound,  belonging  to  the  royal  yacht 
association,  and  by  authority  of  law  carrying  the  British  naval 
ensign,  intervenes  to  save  a  number  of  drowning  men  of  the 
Alabama,  with  the  consent  of  the  Kearsarge,  and  having  rescued 
them  from  the  waves,  without  making  any  explanations,  makes 
haste  to  convey  them  from  the  scene  of  the  action,  and  to  place 
them  in  safety  on  the  British  shores.  And  he  confesses  that  in 
doing  so  he  was  actuated  by  a  desire  to  withdraw  them  from  the 
presence  of  the  conquering  vessel. 

The  President  is  surprised  that  her  Majesty's  government  do  not 
find  in  these  proceedings  of  the  owner  of  the  Deerhound  cause  of 
severe  censure  and  regret. 

Leaving  all  the  other  circumstances  of  that  strange  transaction 
out  of  view  as  being  debatable  in  point  of  fact,  there  is  ground  in 
the  case,  as  it  is  thus  presented,  for  grave  remonstrance  with  her 
Majesty's  government. 

This  government  and  the  whole  American  people  are  justly  so 
full  of  admiration  and  gratitude  to  Captain  Winslow,  that  they  will 
excuse  almost  any  error  of  judgment  on  his  part  that  proceeds  from 
magnanimity.  Nevertheless,  I  hope  that  he  has  not  released  the 
pirates  you  have  named,  or  any  other  of  the  pirates  he  has  cap- 
tured. 

The  insurgents  refuse  to  recognize  negro  soldiers,  when  captured, 
as  entitled  to  the  customary  privileges  of  prisoners  of  war;  hence 
has  resulted  an  absolute  obstruction  of  all  exchanges.  Thousands  of 
our  citizens  are  languishing  in  the  prisons  of  the  traitors. 

August  22,  1864.  —  The  military  immobility  which  had  begun  to 
wear  upon  the  public  mind  has  recently  given  way.  Activity 
again  appears,  although,  thus  far,  it  has  produced  no  decisive 
results. 

I  am  sure  that  you  will  read  with  pride  and  satisfaction  the  details 
of  the  great  naval  engagement  in  Mobile  Bay.  The  restoration  of  the 
national  flag  over  Fort  Powell  gives  us  Grant's  passage,  while  the 
recapture  of  Fort  Gaines  marks  an  advance  in  the  work  of  restoring 


150  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR. 

the  Union.  Protected  by  these  fortifications,  together  with  Fort 
Morgan,  the  insurgents  had  really  made  no  demonstration  towards 
the  creation  of  a  naval  force.  The  destruction  of  their  gunboat 
Gaines,  and  the  transfer  of  the  ram  Tennessee,  which  is  secured  to 
the  national  service,  have  materially  weakened  the  enemy.  We 
learn  that  the  siege  of  Fort  Morgan  has  begun,  and  that  a  portion 
of  our  fleet  has  assailed  the  land  fortifications  which  surround  the 
city  of  Mobile. 

On  the  south  side  of  the  James  River  General  Grant  has  success- 
fully seized  and  he  now  holds  the  Weldon  road  between  Petersburg 
and  North  Carolina,  after  having  resisted  two  or  three  fierce  as- 
saults, with  great  loss  to  the  insurgents.  There  is  no  doubt  of  the 
fact  that  the  insurgents  are  suffering  a  material  reduction  of  their 
force  by  casualties  and  by  desertions.  General  Grant  has  already 
sent  to  the  Indian  campaign  a  regiment  of  enlisted  deserters  from 
the  array  of  Lee. 

General  Sherman  still  prosecutes  his  operations  against  the 
enemy  at  Atlanta  with  unabated  confidence.  We  have  official 
reports  that  his  cavalry  have  cut  off  the  railroad  connection  between 
that  place  and  Macon. 

Lee  has  reinforced  Early,  and  he  has  thereupon  moved  down  the 
valley  from  the  neighborhood  of  Strasburg  to  Winchester.  General 
Sheridan  has  retired  to  Charlestown,  and  the  upper  Potomac  thus 
again  becomes  a  theatre  of  war.  The  approach  of  a  draft  to  main- 
tain the  armies  at  their  full  strength  is  creating  much  uneasiness, 
and  this  uneasiness  speaks  out  through  the  press.  On  the  other 
hand,  it  is  true,  although  not  yet  generally  understood,  that  recruit- 
ing has  begun  in  good  earnest.  Later  returns  show  that  the  num- 
ber of  men  mustered  into  the  army  is  twelve  hundred  per  day,  an 
increase  of  ten-fold  per  day  since  the  proclamation  calling  for  rein- 
forcements was  issued. 

You  will  hardly  need  to  be  told  that  the  reports  published  of 
armistices,  pretended  changes  in  the  Cabinet,  and  the  appointment 
of  commissioners  to  negotiate  with  the  insurgents,  which  figure 
largely  in  the  political  canvass,  have  no  foundation  in  fact. 

August  29,  1864.  —  The  principal  military  events  of  which  in- 
formation has  been  received  during  the  week  are  the  capture  of 
Fort  Morgan,  and  the  unsuccessful  attempts  of  the  enemy  to  re- 
cover possession   of   the  Petersburg   and   Weldon   railroad.     The 


DIARY,  OR  NOTES  ON  THE  WAR.  151 

assaults  upon  our  forces  at  the  latter  point  were  made  with  energy, 
almost  with  desperation,  and  the  ensuing  battles  are  reported  to 
have  been  as  sanguinary  and  as  severely  contested  as  any  during 
the  war.  The  final  repulse  of  the  enemy,  however,  was  complete. 
This  result  is  regarded  as  a  decided  advantage  in  the  campaign. 

In  regard  to  the  capture  of  Fort  Morgan  the  mere  announcement 
of  that  important  success  in  the  Richmond  newspapers  is  the  only 
information  that  has  as  yet  been  received. 

September  5,  1864.  —  The  past  week  has  been  marked  by  im- 
portant military  successes.  Detailed  information  in  regard  to  the 
surrender  of  Fort  Morgan  has  been  received.  Six  hundred  prison- 
ers and  sixty  guns  were  taken.  The  entrances  to  Mobile  Bay  are 
now  in  our  possession,  rendering  the  blockade  effective  with  a  less 
number  of  vessels  than  heretofore,  and  enabling  the  naval  to  co- 
operate with  the  land  forces  in  any  attack  upon  the  city  itself. 

Atlanta  has  succumbed.  On  the  1st  instant,  General  Sherman 
made  a  successful  attack  upon  the  enemy's  principal  line  of  com- 
munication. Vigorous  efforts  were  made  to  regain  it.  A  severe 
and  general  engagement  followed,  resulting  successfully  to  our  arms. 
The  victorious  army  now  holds  the  city,  and  the  enemy,  weakened 
by  heavy  losses,  is  reported  to  be  retreating  southward.  As  a 
centre  of  railroad  communications,  and  a  depot  of  arms,  manufac- 
tures, and  supplies,  Atlanta  was  a  point  which  the  insurgents  have 
deemed  it  essentially  important  to  hold,  and  the  advantages  accru- 
ing from  its  capture  are  very  great.1 

The  force  which  has  been  so  long  menacing  an  invasion  of  Mary- 
land and  Pennsylvania  from  the  Shenandoah  valley,  having  been 
confronted  and  checked  by  General  Sheridan,  is  retreating  in  the 
direction  of  Richmond.  General  Sheridan's  force  is  in  pursuit,  and 
some  captures  of  prisoners,  wagons,  and  supplies  have  already  been 
made. 

The  enlistments  under  the  recent  call  are  going  on,  not  only  sat- 
isfactorily but  with  constantly  increasing  rapidity,  and  the  rein- 
forcements thus  gained  are  daily  adding  to  the  effective  strength  of 
the  armies  in  the  field. 

September  17,  1864.  —  Your  private  note  of  the  19th  of  August, 
as  I  perceive,  was  written  under  the  influence  of  wearisome  waiting 
for  good  news. 

1  See  Mr.  Seward's  speech  on  the  fall  of  Atlanta,  post,  page  491. 


152  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

Well,  before  this  time  you  J  have  been  relieved.  Admiral  Farra- 
gut  has  demonstrated  the  national  strength  and  energy  at  Mobile. 
Sherman  has  consummated  his  campaign,  and  established  the  power 
of  the  Union,  if  not  its  authority,  in  Georgia.  The  political  in- 
trigues at  Niagara  have  exploded  at  Chicago,  to  the  undoubted  edi- 
fication of  the  whole  people  of  the  United  States.  The  reinforcement 
of  the  armies  is  all  that  is  desired.  Peace  is  certainly  three  years 
and  three  months  nearer  than  it  was  when  the  war  began,  and 
political  movements  on  both  sides  of  the  line  indicate  a  rational  con- 
viction that  peace  must  come  soon  as  a  fruit  of  the  sacrifices  already 
made,  and  that  when  it  shall  have  come  it  will  be  attended  by  the 
firm  reestablishment  of  the  Union. 

September  19,  1864. —  Your  despatch,  of  the  1st  of  September 
has  been  received.  At  the  time  it  was  written  there  was  apparent 
reason  for  apprehending  that  our  country  was  becoming  willing,  if 
not  to  forego,  at  least  to  hazard  the  vital  interest  of  national  in- 
tegrity in  its  impatience  for  an  end  of  the  civil  war.  The  public 
mind  here  was  at  that  time  very  despondent.  A  complex  campaign, 
which  had  been  expected  to  be  easy  as  well  as  short,  sharp,  and 
decisive,  had  proved  to  be  laborious,  long,  and  sanguinary,  without 
assurance  of  favorable  result. 

A  presidential  canvass  was  bringing  apparently  into  one  compact 
and  efficient  organization  not  only  all  that  portion  of  the  people 
which,  although  loyal  in  its  desires  and  purposes,  opposes  the  ad- 
ministration upon  questions  of  administrative  policy,  but  also  all 
the  disaffected  and  disloyal  citizens,  who,  from  any  perverseness  of 
judgment,  of  conscience,  or  of  sympathy,  are  willing,  directly  or 
indirectly,  to  lend  aid  to  the  insurgents.  The  inevitable  conflict 
between  radicalism  and  conservatism  broadly  revealed  itself  in  the 
popular  mass,  upon  which  the  executive  government  necessarily 
depends  for  political  support,  and  personal  ambitions,  preferences, 
and  prejudices  cooperated,  threatening  ruinous  disorganization. 
This  unfortunate  condition  of  things  culminated  in  the  last  days  of 
August.  The  ocean  no  longer  breaks  either  the  current  of  human 
intercourse  or  that  of  human  sympathy.2  To  European  eyes  our 
affairs  wore  at  that  time  exactly  the  same  gloomy  and  portentous 
aspect  that  they  presented  to  our  own. 

*  Mr.  San  ford. 

*  The  Atlantic  cable  telegraph  was  completed. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  153 

But  I  have  the  pleasure  to  inform  you,  although  I  suppose  it 
is  really  unnecessary  to  do  so,  that  the  unsatisfactory  condition  of 
things  which  I  have  thus  described  has  suddenly  changed,  and  that 
the  American  people  now  appear  to  be  as  resolute  and  as  confident 
as  on  the  29th  of  August  they  seemed  vacillating  and  despondent. 

The  capture  of  Fort  Morgan,  by  combined  land  and  naval  forces, 
came  as  a  cheerful  relief,  proving  that  the  war  was  being  prosecuted, 
not  only  with  perseverence,  but  with  prospect  of  success.  The  oppo- 
sition convention  at  Chicago  placed  their  candidates,  General  Mc- 
Clellan  and  Mr.  Pendleton,  before  the  people  distinctly  upon  the 
ground  that  the  military  defence  of  the  Union  had  failed,  and  had 
been  found  hopeless,  and  that  there  must  be  a  cessation  of  hostili- 
ties, with  a  future  reference  to  an  ultimate  and  probably  imprac- 
ticable convention.  This  extraordinary  proceeding  was  followed  by 
a  sudden  and  effective  revelation  that  the  platform  thus  adopted  by 
the  convention  at  Chicago  had  been  previously  framed  in  an  unlaw- 
ful intrigue  at  Niagara,  between  avowed  official  agents  of  the  rebels 
and  some  of  their  partisan  sympathizers  who  reside  within  our  own 
military  lines,  and  that  British  enemies  of  the  United  States  were 
initiated  into  the  intrigue,  and  active  in  carrying  it  into  effect. 

In  the  same  conjuncture  it  happily  appeared  that  volunteers  were 
coming  in  to  reinforce  the  army  as  fast  as  was  needful,  practically 
to  lighten  if  not  altogether  avert  the  necessity  for  a  draft.  Finally, 
General  Sherman  surprised  equally  the  enemy  and  the  whole  coun- 
try by  a  felicitous  strategetical  stroke  with  which  he  captured 
Atlanta,  and  thus  achieved  the  great  object  of  that  part  of  the 
campaign  which  had  been  wisely  assigned  to  him. 

Nor  ought  I  to  omit  that  the  public  credit,  so  long  cramped  and 
straitened  by  a  combination  of  timid  hoarders  and  sordid  speculators 
in  gold,  broke  loose,  and  adequate  subscriptions  were  freely  made 
for  the  government  loans. 

These  events  have  reinspired  the  public  mind  in  the  loyal  states, 
and  we  have  more  evidences  than  it  would  seem  wise  to  communicate 
that  the  insurrectionary  states  are  beginning  to  consider  with  seri- 
ousness the  question  of  submission  to  the  authority  of  the  Union. 

At  the  moment  of  closing  the  mail  a  gratifying  despatch  comes 
to  my  hands  announcing  a  brilliant  victory  of  our  troops  at  Win- 
chester. 

September  20,  1864.  —  Your  despatch  of  the  18th  of  August  has 


154  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

been  received.  It  is  accompanied  by  a  copy  of  a  note  of  Earl 
Russell,  which  announces  a  new  regulation  in  admiralty,  forbidding 
all  transfer  or  dismantling  of  belligerent  vessels  in  British  ports. 
The  subject  will  receive  due  consideration.  In  the  mean  time  we 
hear  with  much  satisfaction  that  the  Georgia  has  been  captured  by 
the  Niagara,  and  has  arrived  as  a  prize  at  Hampton  Roads,  whence 
she  proceeded  to  Boston. 

September  24,  1864.  —  The  expectation  of  a  return  of  peace, 
which  you  describe  as  prevailing  in  England,  is  equally  manifest 
here,  but  with  a  marked  difference  in  the  speculations  which  are 
raised  upon  it.  On  your  side  of  the  ocean  it  seems  to  be  believed 
that  the  Union  is  to  be  dissevered.  On  this  side  it  is  believed  even 
more  confidently  than  heretofore  that  the  Union  will  be  effectually 
reassured.  It  is,  however,  only  just  to  acknowledge  that  this  in- 
crease of  public  confidence  has  in  some  measure  been  produced  by 
the  late  successes  of  the  national  arms  and  by  the  developments  of 
the  political  canvass.  It  will  be  interesting  to  know  how  far  they 
modify  public  opinion  when  they  become  known  there.  On  the 
22d  instant  Major-General  Sheridan  delivered  a  short  but  decisive 
attack  against  Early  at  Flint  Hill,  in  the  Shenandoah  valley.  We 
have  not  yet  received  full  details ;  but  it  is  reported  with  mani- 
fest probability  that  the  result  leaves  Early's  large  force  quite 
powerless. 

September  26,  1864.  —  Further  and  signal  successes  have  been 
achieved  by  the  army  in  the  Shenandoah  valley  under  General 
Sheridan.  Following  up  his  victory  at  Opequan  Creek  and  Win- 
chester by  a  vigorous  pursuit  of  the  enemy  he  again  attacked  them 
on  the  22d  at  Fisher's  Hill,  and  drove  them  from  the  position  where 
they  had  intrenched  themselves  for  a  stand.  This  second  victory 
was  as  complete  in  its  results  as  the  preceding  one.  The  enemy 
lost  heavily  in  killed  and  wounded.  Sixteen  guns  and  several  thou- 
sand prisoners  were  taken.  At  the  latest  advices  from  General 
Sheridan  he  was  still  pursuing  the  insurgents,  whose  retreat  is 
reported  to  be  attended  with  disorder  and  demoralization. 

These  victories  relieve  northern  Virginia  from  the  presence  of 
the  insurgent  army,  and  Maryland  and  Pennsylvania  from  appre- 
hensions of  invasion.  They  may  also  be  expected  to  have  no  small 
influence  in  determining  the  progress  of  military  events  in  the 
vicinity  of  Petersburg  and  Richmond. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  155 

The  increase  of  public  confidence  is  illustrated  by  the  heavy  de- 
cline in  the  price  of  gold,  which,  during  the  past  week,  has  fallen 
nearly  thirty  per  cent. 

October  4,  1864.  —  The  plot  which  was  formed  by  evil-disposed 
refugees  in  Canada  to  seize  the  United  States  steamer  Michigan, 
and  with  that  means  to  release  the  prisoners  of  Johnson's  Island, 
failed  in  its  execution.  No  serious  dangers  in  that  quarter  are 
apprehended.  The  Canadian  authorities  seem  to  have  acted  in  a 
friendly  and  honorable  manner. 

General  Sherman  perseveres  in  establishing  a  large  and  strong 
camp  at  Atlanta.  The  insurgent  Forrest  is  engaged  in  an  attempt 
to  break  the  General's  communications,  but  he  is  believed  to  have 
taken  effective  means  for  their  protection.  Some  free  intercourse 
has  been  had  between  him  and  citizens  of  Georgia  residing  within 
the  extended  lines  of  our  army.  This  is  the  only  foundation  there 
is  for  many  reports  of  negotiations  between  this  government  and 
the  state  or  the  people  of  Georgia.  The  change  of  relations  they 
have  suffered  by  the  fall  of  Atlanta  is  yet  too  recent  to  have 
worked  a  lasting  influence  upon  their  sentiments.  No  new  mili- 
tary operations  have  occurred  in  that  state.  Jefferson  Davis  has 
repaired  to  Macon.  He  is  credibly  reported  to  be  very  censorious 
upon  Governor  Brown,  of  Georgia,  who  has  furloughed  the  Georgia 
militia.  The  militia  of  that  state  is  understood,  like  the  reserved 
force  in  other  insurgent  states,  to  consist  of  boys  under  the  age  of 
sixteen,  and  of  men  over  the  age  of  fifty  years,  which  are  the  terms 
of  the  so-called  Confederate  conscription. 

Gold  is  now  reported  as  having  no  market  sales  in  the  insurgent 
states.  The  last  quotation  is  3,000  per  centum.  A  refugee  just 
arrived  from  Texas  tells  us  he  paid  $70  of  Confederate  currency  for 
one  of  gold. 

There  are  insurrectionary  or  guerilla  movements  in  Missouri,  but 
the  details  are  vague  and  unreliable.  On  the  29th  of  September, 
General  Sheridan  reported  that  he  had  pursued  Early's  retreating 
forces  through  Staunton  to  Port  Republic,  and  he  now  reports  that 
he  has  further  pursued  the  fugitive  force  through  Waynesborough. 
That  once  imposing  force  seems  to  have  been  effectually  routed  and 
dispersed.  General  Sheridan  thinks  that  the  destruction  of  stores 
at  Staunton  and  of  railway  communication  in  that  vicinity  will 
prove  very  injurious  to  the  enemy  at  Richmond. 


156  DIARY,   OR,  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

Under  direction  of  Major-General  Butler,  Major-General  Ord, 
on  the  29th  of  September,  has  advanced  across  the  James  River 
at  Chapin's  Bluff,  carried  a  strong  line  of  fortifications,  and  taken 
sixteen  guns  and  many  prisoners.  Simultaneously,  Major-General 
Birney,  by  direction  of  Major-General  Butler,  advanced  from  Deep 
Bottom,  on  the  north  side  of  the  James,  and  scattering  the  insur- 
gent forces  before  him,  made  a  lodgment  in  rebel  fortifications  six 
miles  from  Richmond. 

On  the  30th,  Major-General  Warren,  under  direction  of  Major- 
General  Meade,  attacked  the  enemy's  extreme  right  south  of  the 
Weldon  road,  while  at  the  same  time  Major-General  Meade  made 
an  advance  from  the  centre  of  his  line  in  front  of  Petersburg,  and 
carried  the  enemy's  works  at  Poplar  Grove,  near  to  Petersburg. 
While  these  assaults  were  going  on,  the  enemy  twice  assaulted 
Major-General  Butler  at  Bermuda  Hundred,  and  was  effectually 
repulsed.  It  is  believed  that  these  movements  have  considerable 
strategical  significance,  and  it  is  at  least  certain  that  they  tend  to 
increase  the  embarrassments  of  the  enemy  at  Richmond  and  to  pre- 
vent his  sending  reinforcements  to  Early  in  the  valley  and  to  Hood 
in  Georgia. 

October  10,  1864.  —  The  enemy,  on  the  7th  instant,  attacked  our 
cavalry  on  the  right,  in  its  advanced  position  on  the  northern  side 
of  the  James,  dislodged  them,  and  captured  two  batteries  of  artillery. 
Major-General  Birney,  coming  up  with  an  adequate  force,  repelled 
the  assaults  with  severe  loss,  and  recovered  the  position  which  he 
still  holds,  within  four  miles  of  Richmond.  No  change  has  occurred 
on  the  left  of  our  line  fronting  Petersburg. 

In  Georgia,  the  enemy,  under  command  of  Hood,  have  marched 
northward,  intending  to  flank  the  army  of  the  Cumberland. 
Forrest  cooperates  with  Hood.  Thus  far  the  enemy  have  gained 
no  advantages,  and  Major-General  Sherman  writes  without  appre- 
hension of  danger. 

The  enemy's  forces,  which  repulsed  General  Banks  on  the  Red 
River,  have  advanced,  under  Price,  into  Missouri.  Major-General 
Mower  has  .gone  up  the  Mississippi  from  Memphis  to  reinforce 
Major-General  Rosecrans.  Major-General  Steele  is  reported  to  be 
moving  up  behind  the  enemy's  column.  But  the  plans  of  the  bellig- 
erents are  not  yet  developed. 

October  18,  1864.  —  The  defeat  of  the  insurgents  in  Georgia, 


DIARY,  OR  NOTES  ON  THE  WAR.  157 

crowned  by  the  capture  of  Atlanta,  seems  to  have  worked  a 
change  in  their  plan  of  operations.  Hood  moved  his  forces  forward, 
with  the  cooperation  of  Wheeler  and  Forrest,  to  break  Major-Gen- 
eral Sherman's  communications  with  his  base  at  Nashville.  That 
commander,  who  was  well  understood  here  to  be  exercising  his 
usual  vigilance,  now  reports  that  Hood,  after  having  struck  the 
railroad  in  the  neighborhood  of  Dalton  and  Resaca,  has  fallen  back 
before  our  forces,  and  without  accepting  battle  has  abandoned  his 
projected  plan  of  operations.  The  communications  have  not  been 
seriously  impaired.  Hood's  retreat  is  understood  to  be  in  a  south- 
westerly direction. 

Major-General  Sheridan  on  the  7th  of  October  began  a  with- 
drawal of  his  forces  from  Port  Republic  down  the  Shenandoah 
valley  towards  Front  Royal.  On  the  8th,  a  large  force  of  insurgent 
cavalry  attacked  his  rear ;  a  battle  ensued,  which  resulted  in  a  deci- 
sive victory  in  our  favor.  We  captured  eleven  guns  with  complete 
equipment,  and  also  three  hundred  prisoners.  In  the  whole,  thirty- 
six  guns  have  been  taken  from  Early's  army,  which  is  believed  to 
be  more  than  half  of  its  complement  of  artillery.  Major-General 
Sheridan  destroyed  the  supplies  of  food  and  forage  throughout  the 
whole  valley,  and  he  is  now  coming  into  direct  communication  by 
railroad  with  Washington.  Just  now  he  reports  that  the  insurgent 
army  in  the  valley  is  understood  to  have  passed  under  the  command 
of  Longstreet,  and  that  on  the  15th  it  reappeared  in  our  front  near 
Strasburg.  Major-General  Cook  being  in  advance  of  Sheridan's 
forces,  assaulted,  broke,  and  dispersed  the  enemy,  and  he  is  under- 
stood to  be  retiring  far  up  the  valley. 

The  defeat  of  Early  was  followed  by  new  guerilla  attacks  on  our 
military  lines.  A  train  on  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad  was 
intercepted  by  the  outlaw  Mosby  between  Harper's  Ferry  and  Mar- 
tinsburg.  On  the  16th,  Mosby's  camp  in  the  Blue  Ridge  Moun- 
tains was  surprised  and  his  artillery  was  captured,  together  with 
several  prisoners. 

The  enemy's  manoeuvres  in  Missouri  are  not  yet  fully  developed, 
but  our  reports  from  that  quarter  are  not  unsatisfactory. 

State  elections  were  held  last  week  in  Indiana,  Ohio,  Pennsyl- 
vania, and  Maryland.  In  the  two  former  states  the  results  were 
conspicuously  favorable  to  the  Union  cause.  Some  doubt  hangs  on 
the  result  in  Pennsylvania  and  Maryland,  but  our  latest  inform  a- 


158  DIARY,   OB  NOTES  ON   THE   WAR. 

tion  induces  a  belief  that  these  states  also  have  given  their  support 
to  the  administration.  If  this  shall  prove  true  of  Maryland  the 
effect  will  be  of  great  value,  as  the  successful  vote  ratines  the  new 
constitution,  which  abolishes  slavery  in  that  state. 

October  24,  1864.  —  The  seizure  by  insurgents  of  the  steamer 
Chesapeake,  on  the  high  seas,  bound  from  New  York  to  Portland, 
is  familiar  to  you.  Though  the  vessel  was  ultimately  released,  the 
perpetrators  of  the  deed  escaped  punishment.  Braine,  one  of  the 
leaders,  has  since  found  his  way  to  Havana,  and  with  other  conspir- 
ators has  recently  seized,  under  similar  circumstances,  the  steam 
packet  Roanoke,  which  plies  between  that  place  and  New  York, 
and  carried  her  to  Bermuda,  but  not  receiving  the  hospitality 
which  was  expected  there,  the  vessel  was  taken  outside  the  port  and 
burned. 

On  Saturday,  the  17th  of  September  last,  Lieutenant-Colonel  B. 
H.  Hill,  acting  assistant  provost  marshal  general  of  Michigan,  was 
advised  by  a  person  from  Canada  that  a  party  was  to  be  sent  from 
Windsor,  on  the  Canadian  side  of  the  Detroit  River,  opposite 
Detroit,  to  a  point  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  United  States,  for 
hostile  purposes. 

On  Sunday  evening,  the  18th  of  September,  a  man  came  on  board 
the  Philo  Parsons,  while  she  was  lying  at  the  dock  in  Detroit,  and 
requested  the  clerk,  Mr.  Walter  T.  Ashley,  who  is  part  owner  of 
the  Parsons,  to  call  at  Sandwich,  on  the  Canada  shore,  three  miles 
below  Detroit,  to  receive  him  and  a  party  of  friends,  who  wished  to 
go  to  Kelly's  Island,  about  eleven  miles  from  Sandusky,  alleging 
that  one  of  them  was  lame  and  could  not  well  cross  the  ferry.  The 
Philo  Parsons  sailed  the  next  morning  at  8  o'clock,  with  about 
forty  passengers.  The  person  referred  to  above,  as  having  engaged 
a  passage  for  himself  and  party,  appeared  immediately  afterwards, 
and  at  his  request  the  steamer  called  at  Sandwich,  where  his  friends, 
four  in  number,  came  on  board.  At  Maiden,  on  the  Canada  side, 
where  the  steamer  always  stops,  about  twenty  miles  below  Detroit  and 
near  the  point  where  the  Detroit  River  empties  into  the  lake,  about 
twenty  more  men  came  on  board.  The  number  not  being  unusual, 
excited  no  suspicion.  The  only  baggage  of  the  party  was  an  old- 
fashioned  trunk,  tied  with  rope,  and  which  was  afterwards  ascer- 
tained to  contain  revolvers  and  large  hatchets  or  hand-axes.  The 
steamer  continued  on  her  course,  and  made  her  usual  landings  at 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  159 

North  Bass,  Middle  Bass,  and  South  Bass  islands  —  the  latter 
being  better  known  as  Put-in-Bay  Island.  These  islands  are  nearly 
north  of  Sandusky,  and  about  twenty  miles  distant.  They  all  be- 
long to  the  United  States,  and  are  part  of  the  State  of  Ohio.  Cap- 
tain Atwood,  the  captain  of  the  steamer,  left  her  at  Middle  Bass 
Island,  where  his  family  reside.  Having  made  these  landings,  the 
steamer  went  on  her  course  to  Kelly's  Island,  about  seven  miles 
further  on,  and  made  her  usual  landing  there.  Here  four  men 
got  on  board,  all  apparently  belonging  to  the  same  party,  and  it 
has  been  ascertained  that  one,  who  was  seen  among  them  after  the 
capture  of  the  steamer,  had  been  several  days  on  the  island,  visit- 
ing the  inhabitants  and  pretending  to  be  an  agent  for  the  sale  of 
sewing-machines. 

Shortly  after  leaving  Kelly's  Island,  and  while  she  was  directly 
on  her  course  for  Sandusky,  the  Philo  Parsons  was  seized  by  the 
party  who  had  got  on  board  at  Sandwich  and  Maiden,  and  was 
headed  to  the  eastward  for  nearly  an  hour,  when  she  was  turned 
back  to  Middle  Bass  Island  for  fuel,  the  leader  of  the  party  having 
ascertained  from  the  mate  and  engineer  that  there  was  not  enough 
to  run  many  hours.  Soon  after  the  Philo  Parsons  reached  Middle 
Bass  Island,  and  while  she  was  taking  in  wood,  the  steamer  Island 
Queen,  which  performs  daily  trips  from  the  Bass  Islands  to  San- 
dusky and  back,  came  alongside  and  was  immediately  seized.  The 
engineer  of  the  Island  Queen,  without  giving  any  provocation,  was 
shot  in  the  face.  The  ball  entered  his  cheek  and  passed  out  near 
the  ear.  One  person  was  cut  in  the  head  with  a  hatchet  and  bled 
profusely.  Several  other  persons  were  knocked  down,  and  a  large 
number  were  struck  with  the  butt-ends  of  pistols  and  with  hatchets, 
and  some  ten  or  a  dozen  shots  were  fired.'  The  passengers  on 
both  boats  were  landed  at  Middle  Bass,  with  a  part  of  their 
baggage. 

After  getting  a  supply  of  fuel,  the  Philo  Parsons  ran  out  into  the 
lake,  towing  the  Island  Queen.  At  the  distance  of  about  five  miles 
according  to  one  statement,  and  at  a  smaller  distance  according  to 
others,  the  Island  Queen  was  scuttled  by  cutting  her  supply-pipe 
and  was  sent  adrift.  Before  filling  she  drifted  on  a  shoal,  and  was 
gotten  off  a  few  days  afterwards,  having  been  plundered  by  the 
party  who  had  seized  her. 

After  the  Island  Queen  had  been  scuttled,  the  Philo  Parsons 


160  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

stood  for  Sandusky  harbor,  and  was  turned  about  and  steered  for 
Maiden,  where  she  arrived  between  4  and  5  o'clock  on  Tuesday 
morning,  the  20th  of  September.  A  few  miles  above  Maiden,  a 
yawl  boat  load  of  plunder  was  sent  ashore  on  the  Canadian  side  of 
the  Detroit  River.  At  Fighting  Island,  some  six  miles  above, 
the  crews  of  botli  steamers  were  landed. 

The  Philo  Parsons  arrived  at  Sandwich  at  about  8  o'clock  the 
same  morning,  and  a  pianoforte  belonging  to  her,  a  number  of 
trucks,  and  the  cabin  furniture  were  put  ashore  at  the  dock,  where 
a  custom-house  officer  almost  immediately  appeared.  She  was  then 
scuttled,  by  cutting  her  injection-pipes,  and  cast  off.  She  partially 
filled,  but  was  taken  possession  of  a  few  hours  afterwards  by  the 
mate,  who  had  come  in  a  small  steamer  (the  Pearl)  from  Ecuse, 
who  had  her  towed  to  Detroit. 

The  primary  object  in  capturing  these  steamers  was  confessedly 
to  release  the  insurgent  officers  confined  on  Johnson's  Island. 
There  is  reason  to  believe  that  the  conspiracy  was  organized  and  set 
in  motion  by  prominent  insurgents,  who  have  for  some  time  past 
been  residing  in  Canada  for  such  purposes.  Indeed,  this  Depart- 
ment has  proof  that  Mr.  Jacob  Thompson  has  acknowledged  that 
he  was  commissioned  and  provided  with  funds  to  carry  them  into 
effect,  and  had  interviews  with  conspicuous  members  of  the  gang 
just  before  the  steamers  were  captured. 

I  had  just  prepared  the  foregoing  statement  of  the  transaction 
on  Lake  Erie,  when  information  of  a  new  and  equally  desperate 
outrage  on  another  part  of  the  border  reached  this  Department.  A 
band,  said  to  consist  of  twenty-five  desperate  men,  clandestinely 
armed,  crossed  the  frontier  and  proceeded  in  several  small  parties, 
by  stage-coach,  to  St.  Albans,  Vermont,  in  the  customary  way  of 
travellers.  At  a  concerted  time  they  raised  a  scene  of  terror  in  that 
peaceful  town,  and  broke  into  boarding-houses  and  other  buildings 
and  carried  off  large  amounts  of  treasure,  said  to  be  two  hundred 
and  twenty-five  thousand  dollars,  together  with  other  valuable 
property.  As  soon  as  the  people  recovered  from  their  surprise,  they 
arose  and  hotly  pursued  the  felons,  who  sought  safety  by  returning 
on  stolen  horses  across  the  frontier  into  Canada.  The  Canadian 
municipal  agents  seem  to  have  cooperated  with  the  pursuers  from 
Vermont  with  alacrity  and  diligence.     Twelve  of  the  robbers  were 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  101 

arrested,  stripper!  of  their  plunder,  and  taken  into  custody  by  the 
Canadian  authorities.1 

It  is  now  my  duty  to  instruct  you  to  give  notice  to  Earl  Russell, 
in  conformity  with  the  treaty  reservation  of  that  right,  that,  at  the 
expiration  of  six  months  after  you  shall  have  made  this  communi- 
cation, the  United  States  will  deem  themselves  at  liberty  to  increase 
the  naval  armament  upon  the  lakes,  if,  in  their  judgment,  the  con- 
dition of  affairs  in  that  quarter  shall  require  it. 

October  24,  1864.  —  The  marked  military  event  of  the  last  week 
was  the  battle  of  Cedar  Creek,  in  the  Shenandoah  valley,  on  the 
19th  instant.  It  began  during  General  Sheridan's  absence  from  his 
command  on  a  visit  to  the  War  Department  here.  Longstreet 
had  been  reinforced  by  12,000  men.  He  surprised  and  assaulted 
Sheridan's  army  in  its  camp  near  Strasburg  at  the  break  of  day, 
broke  and  pushed  it  back  four  miles,  with  a  capture  of  800  or  1,000 
men  and  twenty-four  guns.  Sheridan  was  returning  to  the  army, 
and  at  Winchester  met  the  news  of  this  disaster.  He  pushed 
rapidly  forward,  reorganized  his  columns,  and  established  a  new  and 
perfect  line  of  battle,  attacked  the  eneni}',  in  three  hours  turned  the 
defeat  into  a  victory,  driving  the  enemy  before  him  through  Stras- 
burg to  Mount  Jackson,  routing  them  and  putting  them  to  flight  in 
all  directions,  so  that  they  had  not  an  organized  regiment  left  on 
arriving.at  that  place.  Sheridan  took  back  the  twenty-four  guns 
which  had  been  lost,  adding  twenty-nine  to  the  number,  and  cap- 
tured 2,000  prisoners,  with  10  battle-flags.  The  pursuit  was  con- 
tinued on  the  20th,  with  the  capture  of  a  large  quantity  of  small- 
arms  and  much  camp  equipage,  including  300  wagons. 

I  know  not  whether  it  is  that  hope  is  derived  or  is  affected  to  be 
derived  by  the  insurgents  from  excitement  of  the  political  canvass 
in  the  loyal  states,  or  from  what  other  cause  —  the  fact,  however,  is 
observed  that  the  enemy  affect  to  be  confident  of  some  new  and 
great  success.  On  the  other  hand,  telegraphic  communication  is 
reestablished  through  General  Sherman's  line  to  Atlanta.  The 
enemy  is  in  retreat  before  him,  and  the  military  situation  there  is 
regarded  as  satisfactory  and  cheering.  The  invaders  of  Missouri 
are  falling  back  before  General  Rosecrans,  and  endeavoring  to 
escape  the  pursuit  of  General  Steele.  The  situation  at  Richmond 
remains  unchanged.     The  election  in  Maryland  has  resulted  in  the 

1  Afterwards  liberated  and  their  booty  restored  to  them. 
11 


162  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR. 

adoption  of  the  new  Constitution,  which  raises  eighty  thousand 
slaves  to  the  condition  of  freemen. 

A  letter  from  the  pretended  Governor  of  Louisiana,  which  has 
been  intercepted,  urges  the  emancipation  and  enrolment  of  negroes 
as  soldiers  in  the  insurgent  army,  and  the  "  Richmond  Enquirer " 
now  openly  advocates  that  desperate  policy.  On  the  other  hand, 
we  have  authentic  information  that  one  hundred  captured  Union 
colored  soldiers,  who  were  compulsorily  employed  at  work  on  the 
fortifications  around  Danville,  rose  upon  their  guard,  disarmed 
them,  armed  themselves,  and  effected  their  escape  from  captivity. 
It  is  not  improbable  that  we  are  reaching  a  new  phase  of  this  ex- 
traordinary civil  war. 

November  21,  1864.  — We  have  satisfactory  information  that  the 
operations  of  the  rebel  Price  against  Missouri  have  failed,  and  that 
he  has  retired  southward  beyond  the  line  where  pursuit  would  be 
consistent  with  the  strategy  of  our  commanders. 

The  brief  season  of  military  repose  on  this  side  of  the  Mississippi 
seems  to  have  come  to  an  end.  Direct  communications  with  Major- 
General  Sherman  have  ceased.  We  hear  through  the  rebel  news- 
papers that  he  is  advancing  in  Georgia,  and  they  say  that  on  the 
17th  instant  he  was  at  Jonesboro.  General  Gillen  suffered  a  defeat 
at  the  hands  of  Breckenridge  in  east  Tennessee,  with  the  loss  of 
four  hundred  killed,  wounded,  and  missing.  Hood  is  manoeuvring 
in  Alabama,  on  the  borders  of  Tennessee  River;  but  the  command- 
ing general  in  that  region  thinks  himself  able  to  maintain  his  posi- 
tion in  Tennessee.  It  is  understood  that  at  least  one  column  of  the 
enemy's  force  which  has  so  long  been  operating  under  Early  in  the 
Shenandoah  valley  has  been  withdrawn  to  Richmond.  We  have 
good  grounds  for  believing  that  the  report  of  the  death  of  Major- 
General  Canby,  which  fills  the  morning  newspapers,  is  erroneous, 
as  I  pray  God  it  may  be. 

The  exigencies  of  civil  war  have  at  last  brought  the  trensonable 
cabal  at  Richmond  to  a  serious  debate  upon  propositions  for  arm- 
ing, and,  of  course,  emancipating  a  portion  of  the  slave  population. 
Thus  it  is  seen  that  the  so  deeply  deprecated  irrepressible  conflict 
has  at  last  broken  out  in  the  very  seat  and  citadel  of  slavery  itself. 

November  29,  1864.  —  The  military  situation  in  Shenandoah 
valley  remains  unchanged.  The  same  is  true  of  the  siege  of  Rich- 
mond. . 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  163 

Our  information  from  General  Sherman,  through  rebel  channels, 
is  that  he  has  advanced  in  a  track  covering  the  two  great  railroads 
beyond  Milledgeville  and  Macon,  thus  far  encountering  no  serious 
opposition. 

It  is  understood  that  the  rebels  in  Alabama  and  Tennessee  are 
designing  to  pursue  and  harass  Sherman.  Dispositions  have  been 
made  by  General  Thomas  for  such  an  emergency. 

The  rebel  Florida  was  sunk  in  Hampton  Roads.  No  commu- 
nications on  the  subject  of  her  capture  have  been  received  from 
Brazil. 

December  5,  1864.  —  Your  despatch  of  the  18th  of  November  has 
been  received.  It  presents  the  reflections  which  occurred  to  you 
while  awaiting  the  unknown  result  of  the  late  national  election. 
These  reflections  are  wise  and  just.  The  government  did  not  begin 
the  war,  but  waited  after  it  was  begun  for  a  clear  and  unmistakable 
position  of  self-defence.  Moreover,  the  government,  in  deference 
to  the  Constitution,  declined  to  give  to  this  defensive  war  the  char- 
acter of  an  aggressive  one  for  the  removal  of  slavery,  although 
it  well  knew  that  slavery  was  the  real  cause  of  the  rebellion.  The 
government,  pursuing  this  policy,  has  constantly  made  the  main- 
tenance of  the  Union  the  principal  object  of  its  military  operations. 
Nevertheless,  the  course  of  events  has  been  such  as  to  justify  the 
assumption,  that  in  point  of  fact,  the  war  is  a  principal  force  in  a 
popular  revolution  against  African  slavery.  At  the  beginning  of 
the  contest  the  people,  even  in  the  loyal  states,  were  by  no  means 
united,  much  less  were  they  unanimous  in  regarding  that  political 
revolution  as  necessary,  wise,  or  lawful.  Hitherto,  therefore,  our 
principal  danger  was  that  of  counter-revolution,  to  be  prosecuted  in 
the  interest  of  slavery  as  a  recognized  constituent  of  our  national 
system.  A  counter-revolution  was  plotted,  and  preparations  to 
some  extent  were  secretly  made  to  put  it  in  execution.  We  have 
not  only  discovered  the  conspirators,  but  we  have  also  seized  arms 
and  munitions  which  they  have  gathered.  The  late  election 
brought  the  plot  to  the  knowledge  of  the  people,  and  their  decision 
has  rendered  its  execution  impossible.  Without  the  aid  of  counter- 
revolution the  rebellion  must  fail.  We  may  therefore  conclude 
that  the  country  has  safely  passed  the  turning-point  in  the  revolu- 
tionary movement  against  slavery,  and  that  henceforth  we  shall  see 
the  Union  rapidly  recovering  its  moral  strength  and  vigor. 


164  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

December  5,  1864.  —  The  military  situation  is  exciting  much  in- 
terest. Major-General  Thomas,  upon  whom  the  conduct  of  opera- 
tions in  Tennessee  has  devolved  by  the  departure  of  Major-General 
Sherman,  has  been,  during  the  hist  week,  withdrawing  his  forces 
from  advanced  points  of  observation  to  the  lines  of  Nashville,  writes 
that  on  the  30th  day  of  November  the  enemy  attacked  Major- 
General  Schofield  at  Franklin,  and  was  repulsed  with  a  loss  to  the 
enemy  variously  stated  at  thirty  to  forty  flags,  and  four  to  five  thou- 
sand men.  After  thus  defeating  the  enemy  General  Schofield  retired 
without  serious  molestation  to  the  defensive  position  towards  which 
he  was  marching  when  the  interruption  occurred.  On  the  3d  in- 
stant there  was  skirmishing  on  the  Cumberland  River  below  Nash- 
ville, at  first  with  advantages  to  the  enemy,  but  in  the  end  the 
advantage  was  reversed. 

We  glean  from  the  meagre  reports  of  the  insurgent  press  that 
Major-General  Sherman  is  advancing,  as  yet  practically  unresisted, 
towards  the  Atlantic  coast.  The  most  definite  account  is  that  he 
was  on  the  30th  ultimo  at  or  on  the  borders  of  Millen,  on  the 
Southern  or  Georgia  Central  railroad. 

Affairs  are  unchanged  in  front  of  Richmond.  It  is  understood 
that  Early  is  at  last  sending  troops  up  the  valley   to  reinforce  Lee. 

December  13,  1864. — The  military  situation  is  best  described  as 
being  one  of  intense  expectation.  Lieutenant-General  Grant  is 
engaged  in  important  movements.  What  has  transpired  concerning 
these  movements  is  the  marching  of  General  Warren,  on  the  (ith 
instant,  with  a  large  force  directed  against  the  Weldon  railroad. 
The  effect  is  not  yet  known.  Other  manoeuvres  of  the  force  at 
Richmond  are  expected  without  delay.  We  know  that  on  the  7th 
Major-General  Sherman  had  advanced  to  a  point  half-way  be- 
tween Millen  and  the  Savannah  River.  Later  reports  abound,  but 
they  are  not  reliable.  Major-General  Thomas  is  besieged  by  Hood, 
but  the  official  reports  give  us  no  uneasiness  about  the  safety  of 
Nashville,  or  of  Knoxville.  Important  events  may  soon  be  ex- 
pected in  this  quarter.  The  press  has  rumors,  which,  however,  are 
believed  to  be  groundless,  that  General  Foster  and  Admiral  Dahl- 
gren  have  cut  the  railroad  connection  between  Charleston  and 
Savannah. 

The  intrigues  of  rebel  emissaries,  promoted  during  the  whole 
summer  and  autumn,  have  ripened  into  alarming  menaces  of  the 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  165 

peace  of  the  Canada  border,  and  of  the  principal  cities  in  the  loyal 
states.  It  is  an  expensive  guerrilla  warfare  prosecuted  from  neutral 
ground,  and  it  is  not  likely  to  advance  the  insurrection  at  home  or 
increase  its  popularity  abroad. 

December  14,  1864.  —  I  have  just  received  information,  by  tele- 
graph, from  Montreal,  that  the  felons  who  proceeded  from  Canada 
into  Vermont  and  committed  the  crimes  of  robbery,  burglary,  and 
murder  at  St.  Albans,  in  that  state,  and  who  were  arrested  in 
Canada  upon  a  requisition  of  this  government,  under  the  tenth 
article  of  the  treaty  of  the  9th  of  August,  1842,  have  been  set  at 
liberty ;  that  the  stolen  money  which  was  found  upon  them  has 
been  restored  to  them  ;  and  that  they  are  now  at  large  near  the 
border  of  the  United  States,  in  the  province  aforenamed. 

December  17,  1864. — You  direct  my  attention  to  the  articles  in 
which  the  presses  of  London  and  Paris  consoled  the  European  ene- 
mies of  the  United  States  for  their  reverse  in  the  presidential  elec- 
tion, by  spasmodic  predictions  of  the  failure  of  our  armies  in  the  val- 
ley of  Virginia,  at  Richmond,  in  Georgia,  in  Tennessee,  and  in  and 
beyond  the  Mississippi.  By  a  singular  coincidence  my  reading  of 
these  portentous  warnings  was  interrupted  by  the  electric  news 
that  in  a  large  degree  the  belligerent  forces  have  withdrawn  from 
the  Shenandoah  valley  ;  that  Major-General  Thomas,  on  the  16th 
instant,  left  his  works  and  assaulted  the  besieging  army  under 
Hood,  and  in  battles  continuing  through  days,  defeated  and  routed 
it,  killing  and  wounding  a  yet  unestimated  number,  and  capturing 
fifty  guns,  as  many  flags,  and  certainly  more  than  five  thousand 
prisoners.  In  the  same  moment  came  the  agreeable  intelligence 
that  the  enemy  were  routed  and  driven  from  the  batteries  they  had 
planted  on  the  Cumberland,  on  the  northern  line  of  General 
Thomas'  communication  ;  that  General  Burbridge  had  got  into  the 
rear  of  Brecken ridge  and  captured  Abingdon,  in  Virginia,  and 
defeated  the  enemy  at  Glades  Springs  and  at  Kingsport,  on  the 
Holston  River,  in  Tennessee.  General  Canby  reported  at  the  same 
moment  the  success  of  two  expeditions  —  the  one  from  Memphis, 
which  destroyed  Hood's  communication  with  Jackson,  Mississippi, 
and  the  other  from  Baton  Rouge  towards  Mobile,  which  prevented 
all  attempts  to  supply  or  reinforce  Hood  from  that  place. 

Simultaneously  Major-General  Sherman  reports  that  he  has 
arrived  at  the  mouth  of  the  Ogeechee,  and  taken  Fort  McAllister, 


166  DIARY,  OR  NOTES  ON  THE  WAR. 

with  its  garrison  and  armament  of  twenty-one  guns,  by  storm. 
Tims  he  has  firmly  planted  at  the  Ossabaw  Sound,  below  Savannah, 
in  full  cooperation  with  the  land  and  naval  forces;  thus  he  has 
invested  that  city  and  demanded  its  surrender.  A  well-appointed 
fleet  of  sixty-five  vessels,  carrying  six  hundred  guns,  attended  by  a 
cooperating  army  under  Major-General  Butler,  departed  from 
Hampton  Roads  on  the  13th  instant,  with  a  destination  (  concealed 
by  seal  upon  its  orders  )  which  will  probably  be  revealed  by  the 
telegraph  before  the  departure  of  the  steamer  with  our  outgoing 
mail  from  Boston. 

The  pretended  rebel  house  of  representatives  have  passed  a  bill 
designed  to  force  the  slaves  in  the  insurgent  states  to  fight  for  the 
establishment  of  an  empire  having  African  slavery  for  its  corner- 
stone. We  shall  see  whether  this  desperate  effort  improves  the 
condition  of  the  insurgents.  The  "Richmond  Enquirer"  argues  for 
the  abolition  of  slavery  with  the  zeal  if  not  with  the  charity  of 
Wilberforce.  It  seems  now  to  be  a  question,  whether  the  United 
States  armies  shall  effect  emancipation  under  the  President's  war 
proclamation,  or  Virginia  shall  abolish  slavery  to  baffle  the  United 
States  armies.  So  that  it  is  manifest  that  slavery  in  Virginia  must 
perish  in  any  case. 

December  19,  1864.  —  In  my  despatch  of  the  14th  instant,  I 
informed  you  that  Coursol,  the  provincial  judge  at  Montreal,  had 
set  at  liberty  the  felons  who  committed  the  crimes  of  robbery  and 
murder  at  St.  Albans.  Subsequent  information  confirms  the  fact, 
with  the  addition  that  the  money  stolen,  to  the  amount,  as  is  under- 
stood, of  ninety  thousand  dollars,  which  was  in  the  custody  of  the 
law,  was  delivered  to  the  felons  by  the  police,  under  the  direction 
of  the  same  judge,  and  that  thus  richly  furnished  with  the  spoils  of 
our  citizens,  they  were  conveyed  amid  popular  acclamations,  in 
sleighs  which  had  been  prepared  for  their  escape,  from  the  court- 
room, beyond  the  reach  of  fresh  pursuit ;  that  the  discharge  of  the 
prisoners  was  placed  upon  technical  ground,  now  confessed  to  be 
erroneous,  equally  in  law  and  in  fact ;  that  when  new  warrants 
were  issued,  the  police  were  dilatory  and  treacherous  intheexecu- 
tion  ;  and  that  all  efforts  for  the  recapture  of  the  culprits  have  thus 
far  been  unsuccessful.  It  is  believed  that  they  have  already  escaped 
from  Canada,  to  find  even  more  sure  protection  and  favor  in  Nova 
Scotia.  It  is  impossible  to  consider  these  proceedings  as  either 
legal,  just,  or  friendly  towards  the  United  States. 


DIABY,   OK  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  167 

December  27,  1864.  —  On  the  night  of  the  20th  instant  the  ene- 
my, under  the  pressure  of  the  siege,  secretly  withdrew  from  Savan- 
nah, and  Major-General  Sherman  entered  the  city,  in  which  he  took 
eight  hundred  prisoners,  one  hundred  and  fifty  guns,  with  abundant 
ammunition,  three  steamers,  and  thirteen  locomotives,  one  hundred 
and  ninety  cars,  and  a  quantity  of  cotton,  variously  reported  at 
twenty-five  thousand  to  thirty-three  thousand  bales.  The  enemy 
blew  up  their  iron-clads  and  gunboats.  General  Foster,  cooperat- 
ing with  Sherman,  promptly  cleared  the  river  from  Tybee  to  the 
wharves,  and  Savannah  is  again  reposing  under  the  protection  of 
the  flag  of  the  Union.  The  enemy  escaped  across  the  river  and  the 
causeways  which  lead  over  the  marshes  which  cover  its  northern 
bank.  It  is  believed  that  General  Sherman's  army  will  not  remain 
inactive.  No  significant  military  movement  has  occurred  at  Rich- 
mond. 

The  combined  land  and  naval  expedition,  under  Major-General 
Butler  and  Admiral  Porter,  proceeded  to  the  mouth  of  the  Cape 
Fear  River,  but  the  weather  being  unfavorable  they  had  not,  at  the 
date  of  our  latest  advices,  been  able  to  operate. 

Silence  prevails  in  the  valley  of  the  Shenandoah,  except  that 
Major-General  Sheridan  has  a  large  force  engaged  in  a  reconnois- 
sance  upon  the  Orange  and  Alexandria  railroad  in  the  region  of 
Gordonsville. 

Major-General  Thomas's  victory  at  Nashville  proves  the  most 
completely  successful  field  triumph  of  the  war.  Virtually  he  de- 
stroyed half  the  enemy's  force,  and  captured  nearly  all  of  his  can- 
non. He  was  still  in  pursuit  of  Hood,  who  was  retreating  south- 
ward when  last  heard  from.  Thomas's  headquarters  are  at  Pulaski. 
There  he  has  just  destroyed  twenty  wagons  filled  with  ammunition, 
two  guns,  and  burned  ten  thousand  stand  of  small-arms.  Hood's 
means  of  transportation  are  wasted,  and  his  force  is  now  reduced 
to  fifteen  thousand,  exclusive  of  cavalry,  and  he  has  only  eight 
cannon. 

Stoneman's  expedition  on  the  border,  between  Tennessee  and 
Virginia,  seems  to  be  very  successful. 

The  Canadian  authorities  have  become  watchful,  active,  and 
diligent,  and  raids  and  alarms  upon  the  frontier  have  suddenly 
ceased. 

Congress   has  adjourned   for  the  Christmas   holidays,  and  the 


168  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

people  are  joyously  celebrating  them  under  the  belief  that  the  solu- 
tion of  our  terrible  political  problem  is  revealed,  although  not  yet 
realized,  in  the  extinguishment  of  slavery  and  the  stability  of  the 
Union. 

Of  all  the  nations,  Great  Britain  seems  to  us  the  last  that  could 
justly  or  wisely  become,  directly  or  indirectly,  an  opponent  of  the 
United  States  in  a  civil  war  begun  and  waged  and  persisted  in  by 
insurgents  for  the  extension  of  African  slavery. 

January!,  1865. — The  land  and  naval  expedition  delivered  its 
attack  on  the  24th  and  25th  ultimo.  The  dangerous  explosion  of 
the  powder-ship  was  accomplished  with  complete  success,  but  abso- 
lutely without  effect.  The  naval  attack  on  Fort  Fisher  was  emi- 
nently vigorous.  About  four  thousand  troops  were  landed  safely, 
leaving  as  many  more  on  transports.  General  Weitzel  made  a  recon- 
noissance,  which  satisfied  him  that  an  assault  could  not  be  wisely 
undertaken.  The  troops  on  shore  were  reembarked,  and  the  whole 
land  force  returned  to  the  James  River.  Rear- Admiral  Porter, 
who  commanded  the  fleet,  seems  not  to  have  been  convinced  that 
the  withdrawal  of  the  troops  was  indispensably  necessary.  The 
fleet,  according  to  last  advices,  remains  at  the  mouth  of  the  Cape 
Fear  River.  The  public  mind  is  disappointed,  but  not  seriously 
disturbed. 

Except  in  regard  to  these  incidents,  the  news  of  the  past  week 
are  pleasing  echoes  of  the  capture  of  Savannah,  by  Sherman  ;  the 
rout  of  Hood,  with  his  flight  across  the  Tennessee  into  Alabama ; 
the  destruction  of  insurgent  communications  and  military  deposits 
in  eastern  Tennessee  and  southwestern  Virginia,  by  Burbridge ;  a 
successful  raid  from  Baton  Rouge  towards  Mobile ;  and  an  equally 
beneficial  reconnoissance  by  Sheridan  on  the  Orange  and  Alexan- 
dria railroad. 

We  are  looking  for  new  military  movements,  with  as  little  delay 
as  the  variable  winter  weather  will  allow. 

Some  of  the  St.  Albans'  felons  have  been  captured  in  New  Hamp- 
shire. The  Canadian  authorities  are  active,  but  thus  far  there  has 
been  no  delivery  of  offenders  to  us  for  punishment,  nor  have  any 
judicial  proceedings  been  instituted,  to  vindicate  British  sovereignty 
in  Canada. 

January  10,  1865.  —  Great  destruction  of  rebel  communications 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  169 

has  been  accomplished  by  General  Grierson  in  Mississippi,  and  the 
insurgents  have  suffered  severe  loss  by  the  burning  of  their  store- 
houses at  Charlotte,  North  Carolina.  With  these  exceptions,  no 
important  military  movements  have  been  made  during  the  past 
week.  Congress  resumed  its  labors  on  the  6th  instant.  The 
debates  are  temperate,  as  the  measures  discussed  are  grave. 

It  is  a  circumstance  of  much  significance  that  the  legislature  of 
Kentucky  is  earnestly  debating  the  subject  of  slavery.  The  parties 
divided  between  the  policy  of  immediate  abolition  and  that  of  grad- 
ual emancipation. 

January  16,  1865. —  We  learn  through  Richmond  that  Rear- 
Admiral  Porter's  fleet  was  again  before  Wilmington,  and  that  the 
land  forces  had  effected  a  landing  on  Friday  last,  the  13th  instant. 
The  weather  was  fine ;  the  insurgents  claimed  to  be  prepared  for 
successful  defence.  Major-General  Butler  has  been  relieved  of  his 
command,  at  the  suggestion  of  the  Lieutenant-General.  The  recent' 
failure  at  Wilmington  is  under  investigation  in  Congress.  Major- 
General  Sherman  is  understood  to  have  resumed  his  march,  but  its 
direction  is  not  yet  revealed.  Henry  S.  Foote,  formerly  United 
States  senator  from  Mississippi,  and  recently  a  member  of  the  in- 
surgent conclave  at  Richmond,  was  arrested  on  the  12th  instant, 
on  the  bank  of  the  Occoquan,  on  his  way  to  this  city;  he  yet 
remains  in  military  custody.  Jefferson  Davis  disclaims  responsi- 
bility for  the  arrest.  The  reported  agitation  of  the  question  of 
submission  to  the  Union,  in  Georgia,  is  believed  to  be  true,  although 
not  to  the  full  extent  claimed  for  it  in  the  press. 

A  constitutional  convention  in  Tennessee  submitted  to  the  peo- 
ple the  constitutional  question  of  abolishing  slavery.  The  con- 
vention in  Missouri  has  definitely  abolished  slavery  in  that  state. 

January  24,  1865.  —  Fort  Fisher,  with  its  subsidiary  works,  fell 
on  the  15th  instant,  under  a  combined  land  and  naval  assault.  The 
defence  was  maintained  by  three  thousand  men,  of  whom  about 
seven  hundred  were  killed  and  the  remainder  were  captured.  The 
loss  on  our  side  was  severe.  The  capture  must  figure  in  history  as 
one  of  the  most  brilliant  achievements  of  the  war.  Without  know- 
ing how  far  I  am  supported  by  public  opinion,  I  confess  that  the 
hazards  and  losses  which  were  actually  encountered  are  calculated 
to  disarm  criticism  upon  the  proceedings  of  Generals  Butler  and 
Weitzel  in  the  previous  expedition.     It  is  not  left  doubtful  that  the 


170  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

port  of  Wilmington  is  now  effectually  closed  against  the  insurgents 
and  their  European  abettors.  Of  all  our  correspondents  you  1  are 
the  last  one  that  needs  to  be  informed  of  the  importance  which  at- 
taches to  this  event.  It  seems  to  be  true  that  since  our  fleet  entered 
the  Cape  Fear  River  five  blockade-running  vessels  unwarily  followed 
it  and  were  captured.  Reports  of  the  advance  of  General  Terry 
towards  Wilmington  are  too  uncertain  to  be  confidently  accepted. 
Major-General  Sherman's  forces  have  passed  the  Pocotaligo  bridge 
and  reached  McPhersonville,  in  South  Carolina.  Indications  of  dis- 
content and  demoralization  among  the  insurgents  appear  in  their 
cabals  and  in  their  press.  A  silver  dollar  was  sold  at  auction  in 
Richmond  last  week  for  sixty-four  dollars  of  rebel  money.  Negro 
men  were  sold  last  week  at  the  rate  of  five  thousand  dollars  in  that 
spurious  currency,  the  equivalent  of  seventy-eight  dollars  in  gold. 

A  growing  popular  confidence  in  the  success  of  the  Union  cause 
has  reduced  the  premium  upon  gold  in  our  market  eighty  per  cent, 
since  the  presidential  election. 

January  30,  1865. — Immediately  after  the  despatch  of  the  mail 
of  last  week  we  received  authentic  reports  from  the  forces  in  front 
of  Wilmington,  which  announced  that  the  rebels  had  evacuated 
Fort  Caswell,  and  Smithville,  and  auxiliary  fortifications.  Our 
army  occupied  them  on  the  16th  instant,  and  the  naval  forces  im- 
mediately entered  Cape  Fear  River.  The  entire  number  of  guns 
which  fell  into  our  hands,  in  the  combined  land  and  naval  movement 
in  that  vicinity,  was  one  hundred  and  sixty-eight.  Two  blockade- 
runners  were  captured,  and  the  Tallahassee  was  destroyed.  The 
military  column  has  been  reinforced,  and  it  is  now  operating  for  the 
capture  of  Wilmington. 

General  Sherman's  march  in  South  Carolina  continues  exciting 
profound  alarm  in  Charleston,  Augusta,  and  Richmond. 

The  enemy,  on  the  night  of  the  25th  instant,  descended  the  James 
River  from  Richmond,  with  gunboats  and  iron-clads,  expecting  to 
pass  the  river  obstructions  which  had  been  made  to  protect  the  lines 
of  the  army  of  the  Potomac.  Although  the  movement  was  unex- 
pected, it  was  resisted  by  our  forts,  and  it  altogether  failed,  with  the 
loss  of  one  of  the  vessels.  The  line  has  been  strengthened,  and  no 
apprehension  of  danger  in  that  quarter  remains. 

The  Canadian  judiciary  have  decided  in   the  case  of  the  pirate 

1  Mr.  Adams. 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  171 

Burleigh  that  he  shall  be  delivered  to  the  United  States.  Military 
reverses  have  produced  a  high  excitement  in  the  rebel  councils,  and 
throughout  the  region  in  which  they  yet  bear  military  sway.  Sed- 
don,  the  pretended  secretary  of  war,  has  been  replaced  by  John  C. 
Breckenridge.  The  self-styled  Congress  has  required  Jefferson 
Davis  to  confide  the  entire  command  of  the  rebel  forces  to  Lee. 
H.  S.  Foote,  a  prominent  member  of  that  body,  was  arrested  by  the 
rebel  military  police  in  the  attempt  to  pass  the  lines  on  his  way  to 
this  city.  A  resolution  to  expel  him  was  lost  for  want  of  what  they 
call  a  constitutional  majority,  and  he  was  then  censured  by  the 
house.  While  these  proceedings  were  going  on  at  Richmond,  Foote 
appeared  at  Major-General  Sheridan's  camp,  and  solicited  leave  to 
come  to  Washington.     The  request  is  under  consideration. 

February  7,  1865.  —  A  few  days  ago  Francis  P.  Blair,  Esq.,  of 
Maryland,  obtained  from  the  President  a  simple  leave  to  pass 
through  our  military  lines,  without  definite  views  known  to  the 
government.  Mr.  Blair  visited  Richmond,  and  on  his  return  he 
showed  to  the  President  a  letter  which  Jefferson  Davis  had  written 
to  Mr.  Blair,  in  which  Davis  wrote  that  Mr.  Blair  was  at  liberty  to 
say  to  President  Lincoln  that  Davis  was  now,  as  he  had  always 
been,  willing  to  send  commissioners,  if  assured  they  would  be 
received,  or  to  receive  any  that  should  be  sent ;  that  he  was  not 
disposed  to  find  obstacles  in  forms.  He  would  send  commissioners 
to  confer  with  the  President  with  a  view  to  a  restoration  of  peace 
between  the  two  countries  if  he  could  be  assured  they  would  be 
received.  The  President  thereupon,  on  the  18th  of  January,  ad- 
dressed a  note  to  Mr.  Blair,  in  which  the  President,  after  acknowl- 
edging that  he  had  read  the  note  of  Mr.  Davis,  said  that  he  was,  is, 
and  always  should  be  willing  to  receive  any  agent  that  Mr.  Davis  or 
any  other  influential  person  now  actually  resisting  the  authority  of 
the  government  might  send  to  confer  informally  with  the  President 
with  a  view  to  the  restoration  of  peace  to  the  people  of  our  one 
common  country.  Mr.  Blair  visited  Richmond  with  his  letter,  and 
then  again  came  back  to  Washington.  On  the  29th  instant  we 
were  advised  from  the  camp  of  Lieu  tenant-General  Grant,  that 
Alexander  H.  Stephens,  R.  M.  T.  Hunter,  and  John  A.  Campbell 
were  applying  for  leave  to  pass  through  the  lines  to  Washington  as 
peace  commissioners  to  confer  with  the  President.  They  were  per- 
mitted by  the  Lieutenant-General  to  come  to  his  headquarters  to 


172  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

await  there  the  decision  of  the  President.  Major  Eckert  was  sent 
down  to  meet  the  party  from  Richmond  at  General  Grant's  head- 
quarters. The  Major  was  directed  to  deliver  to  them  a  copy  of  the 
President's  letter  to  Mr.  Blair,  with  a  note  to  be  addressed  to  them 
and  signed  by  the  Major,  in  which  they  were  directly  informed  that 
if  they  should  be  allowed  to  pass  our  lines,  they  would  be  under- 
stood as  coming  for  an  informal  conference  upon  the  basis  of  the 
aforenamed  letter  of  the  18th  of  January  to  Mr.  Blair.  If  they 
should  express  their  assent  to  this  condition  in  writing,  then  Major 
Eekert  was  directed  to  give  them  safe  conduct  to  Fortress  Monroe, 
where  a  person  coming  from  the  President  would  meet  them.  It 
being  thought  probable,  from  a  report  of  their  conversation  with 
Lieutenant-General  Grant,  that  the  Richmond  party  would  in  the 
manner  prescribed  accept  the  condition  mentioned,  the  Secretary  of 
State  was  charged  by  the  President  with  the  duty  of  representing 
this  government  in  the  expected  informal  conference.  The  Secre- 
tary arrived  at  Fortress  Monroe  in  the  night  of  the  1st  day  of  Feb- 
ruary. Major  Eckert  met  him  in  the  morning  of  the  2d  of  Febru- 
ary with  the  information  that  the  persons  who  had  come  from  Rich- 
mond had  not  accepted  in  writing  the  condition  upon  which  he  was 
allowed  to  give  them  conduct  to  Fortress  Monroe.  The  Major  had 
given  the  same  information  by  telegraph  to  the  President  at  Wash- 
ington. On  receiving  this  information,  the  President  prepared  a 
telegram  directing  the  Secretary  to  return  to  Washington.  The 
Secretary  was  preparing  at  the  same  moment  to  so  return  without 
waiting  for  instructions  from  the  President.  But  at  this  juncture 
Lieutenant-General  Grant  telegraphed  to  the  Secretary  of  War,  as 
well  as  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  that  the  party  from  Richmond 
had  reconsidered  and  accepted  the  conditions  tendered  them  through 
Major  Eckert ;  and  General  Grant  urgently  advised  the  President 
to  confer  in  person  with  the  Richmond  party. 

Under  these  circumstances  the  Secretary,  by  the  President's 
direction,  remained  at  Fortress  Monroe,  and  the  President  joined 
him  there  on  the  night  of  the  2d  of  February.  The  Richmond 
party  was  brought  down  the  James  River  in  a  United  States  steam 
transport  during  the  day,  and  the  transport  was  anchored  at  Hamp- 
ton Roads. 

On  the  morning  of  the  3d  the  President,  attended  by  the  Secre- 
tary, received  Messrs.  Stephens,  Hunter,  and  Campbell  on  board 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  173 

the  United  States  steam  transport  River  Queen  in  Hampton 
Roads.  The  conference  was  altogether  informal.  There  was  no 
attendance  of  secretaries,  clerks,  or  other  witnesses.  Nothing  was 
written  or  read.  The  conversation,  although  earnest  and  free,  was 
calm  and  courteous  and  kind  on  both  sides.  The  Richmond  party 
approached  the  discussion  rather  indirectly,  and  at  no  time  did  they 
either  make  categorical  demands  or  tender  formal  stipulations  or 
absolute  refusals.  Nevertheless,  during  the  conference,  which  lasted 
four  hours,  the  several  points  at  issue  between  the  government  and 
the  insurgents  were  distinctly  raised  and  discussed  fully,  intelli- 
gently, and  in  an  amicable  spirit.  What  the  insurgent  party  seemed 
chiefly  to  favor  was  a  postponement  of  the  question  of  separation, 
upon  which  the  war  is  waged,  and  a  mutual  direction  of  efforts 
of  the  government,  as  well  as  those  of  the  insurgents,  to  some 
extrinsic  policy  or  scheme  for  a  season,  during  which  passions 
might  be  expected  to  subside,  and  the  armies  be  reduced,  and  trade 
and  intercourse  between  the  people  of  both  sections  resumed.  It 
was  suggested  by  them  that  through  such  postponement  we  might 
now  have  immediate  peace,  with  some  not  very  certain  prospect  of 
an  ultimate  satisfactory  adjustment  of  political  relations  between 
this  government  and  the  states,  section,  or  people  now  engaged  in 
conflict  with  it. 

This  suggestion,  though  deliberately  considered,  was  nevertheless 
regarded  by  the  President  as  one  of  armistice  or  truce,  and  he  an- 
nounced that  we  can  agree  to  no  cessation  or  suspension  of  hostili- 
ties, except  on  the  basis  of  the  disbandment  of  the  insurgent  forces, 
and  the  restoration  of  the  national  authority  throughout  all  the 
states  in  the  Union.  Collaterally,  and  in  subordination  to  the  prop- 
osition that  was  thus  announced,  the  anti-slavery  policy  of  the 
United  States  was  reviewed  in  all  its  bearings,  and  the  President 
announced  that  he  must  not  be  expected  to  depart  from  the  posi- 
tions he  had  heretofore  assumed  in  his  proclamation  of  emancipa- 
tion and  other  documents,  as  these  positions  were  reiterated  in  his 
last  annual  message.  It  was  further  declared,  by  the  President, 
that  the  complete  restoration  of  the  national  authority  was  an  in- 
dispensable condition  of  any  assent  on  our  part  to  whatever  form  of 
peace  might  be  proposed.  The  President  assured  the  other  party 
that  while  he  must  adhere  to  these  positions,  he  would  be  prepared, 
so  far  as  power  is  lodged  with  the  executive,  to  exercise  liberality. 


174  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

His  power,  however,  is  limited  by  the  Constitution.  And  when 
peace  should  be  made,  Congress  must  necessarily  act  in  regard  to 
appropriations  of  money,  and  to  the  admission  of  representatives 
from  the  insurrectionary  states.  The  Richmond  party  were  then 
informed  that  Congress  had,  on  the  31st  ultimo,  adopted,  by  a  con- 
stitutional majority,  a  joint  resolution  submitting  to  the  several 
states  the  proposition  to  abolish  slavery  throughout  the  Union,  and 
that  there  is  every  reason  to  expect  that  it  will  be  soon  accepted  by 
three  fourths  of  the  states,  so  as  to  become  a  part  of  the  national 
organic  law.  The  conference  came  to  ah  end  by  mutual  acqui- 
escence, without  producing  an  agreement  of  views  upon  the  several 
matters  discussed,  or  any  of  them.  Nevertheless,  it  is  perhaps  of 
some  importance  that  we  have  been  able  to  submit  our  opinions  and 
views  directly  to  prominent  insurgents,  and  to  hear  them  in  answer, 
in  a  courteous  and  not  unfriendly  manner. 

February  7,  1865.  —  We  have  unofficial  information,  which  seems 
reliable,  that  the  insurgents  are  evacuating  Mobile  and  falling  back 
towards  Selma. 

Through  insurgent  channels  we  learn  that  a  column  of  General 
Sherman's  army  has  passed  Murphy's  Swamp,  and  arrived,  unop- 
posed, within  twenty  miles  of  Branchville ;  that  another  column  is 
threatening  Augusta ;  while  a  third  detachment  has  passed  up  the 
North  Edisto  River,  and  is  threatening  Charleston.  Reinforcements 
are  now  reaching  General  Terry,  and  we  may  soon  expect  to  hear 
of  effective  operations  against  Wilmington. 

In  a  recent  cavalry  skirmish,  at  Moorfield,  in  western  Virginia, 
Harry  Gilmour,  the  noted  renegade  partisan  who  led  the  cavalry 
raid  into  Maryland  last  July,  was  captured. 

The  Senate's  resolution,  which  has  so  long  been  pending  in  Con- 
gress, and  which  submits  to  the  states  an  amendment  of  the  Fed- 
eral Constitution  abolishing  slavery  throughout  the  whole  Republic, 
was,  on  the  21st  ultimo,  formally  passed  in  the  House  of  Represen- 
tatives by  a  constitutional  majority  of  two  thirds  of  the  whole 
House,  and  was  immediately  made  known  to  the  states.  It  has 
received  the  assent  of  several  of  them  already,  and  sooner  or  later  it 
will  doubtless  become  a  part  of  the  national  organic  law. 

February  13,  1865.  — The  manoeuvres  of  Major-General  Thomas 
with  the  army  of  the  Cumberland,  though  not  yet  fully  developed, 
are  nevertheless  exciting  great  alarm  in  Alabama.     Rebel  reports 


DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  175 

give  us  our  only  information  concerning  the  advance  of  Major-Gen- 
eral Sherman  in  South  Carolina.  It  appears  certain  that,  on  the  8th 
instant,  he  had  broken  communication  across  the  Edisto,  between 
Branchville  and  Augusta. 

Lieutenant-General  Grant  has  extended  and  advanced  his  line  to 
Hatcher's  Run,  below  Petersburg,  so  as  to  materially  affect  the 
insurgent  communication  with  North  Carolina.  The  operation  cost 
a  severe  battle,  but  the  advantage  gained  is  supposed  to  be  remu- 
nerative. Ice  in  the  rivers  and  harbors  has  delayed  some  of  the 
troops  sent  forward  to  reinforce  General  Terry  in  his  operations 
against  Wilmington. 

The  return  of  the  so-called  peace  commissioners  to  Richmond 
seems  to  have  been  made  the  occasion  for  a  vigorous  effort  to  revive 
the  flagging  resolution  of  the  insurgents,  by  exaggerating  the  conse- 
quences of  our  success.  Our  private  information  from  Richmond  is 
that  the  panic  existing  there  does  not  yield  to  the  remedies  applied 
by  the  insurgent  physicians. 

February  21,  186-5.  — Admiral  Dahlgren,  commanding  the  naval 
forces  at  Charleston,  reported,  under  date  of  the  18th  instant,  that 
the  enemy  were  evacuating,  and  he  was  on  his  way  to  enter  that  im- 
portant city,  the  cradle  of  disunion.  The  Richmond  papers  announce 
the  same  event,  and  give  us  the  further  information  that  General 
Sherman  having  permanently  secured  Branchville  and  Orangeburg, 
on  Friday  morning  appeared  above  Columbia,  the  capital  of  South 
Carolina,  which  was  abandoned  to  him  by  the  rebel  chief,  Beaure- 
gard. We  have  no  details  of  the  capture  of  either  of  these  positions 
except  vague  and  doubtful  rebel  reports  of  three  days'  righting  at 
Branchville.  The  rebels  claim  to  have  removed  the  bullion  and  the 
female  operators  in  the  paper  mint  from  Columbia.  They  admit  the 
destruction  and  loss  of  immense  quantities  of  government  machinery 
and  medicines.  The  same  authorities  state- that  Beauregard  retired 
to  a  position  twenty  miles  from  Columbia,  and  that  Sherman  with  a 
large  force  passed  directly  through  Columbia  to  Winnsborough,  thirty 
miles  on  the  road  towards  North  Carolina.  They  aver  also  that 
rebel  soldiers  plundered  the  town  of  Columbia  while  abandoning  it  to 
our  forces.  The  rebel  papers  report  a  furious  cannonade  by  our  land 
and  naval  forces  against  Fort  Anderson,  a  defence  of  Wilmington, 
situated  on  the  east  side  of  Cape  Fear,  and  below  that  city.  They 
also   report   significant   movements   of   our   forces   from  Newbern 


176  DIARY,    OR   NOTES    ON   THE    WAR. 

towards  the  Weldon  road  above  Wilmington ;  but  they  say  that  as 
yet  the  telegraphic  communication  between  that  city  and  Wilming- 
ton has  not  been  broken. 

The  gold  market  is  declining.  Government  stocks  are  in  high 
demand.  Recruiting  is  renewed.  Exchanges  of  prisoners  are  going 
forward  rapidly.  Disaffection  speaks  out  boldly  in  North  Carolina, 
and  a  collision  has  occurred  there  between  rebel  troops  and  rebel 
deserters. 

February  27,  1865.  —  On  the  22d  instant  Major-General  Schofield 
moved  against  Wilmington  with  the  land  forces  on  both  sides  of  the 
Cape  Fear  River,  and  Admiral  Porter  at  the  same  time  advanced  on 
the  river,  the  insurgents  withdrew,  and  the  city  was  surrendered 
without  having  made  any  resistance.  Mobile  and  Galveston,  both 
of  which  are  closely  blockaded,  are  the  only  ports  remaining  in 
the  possession  of  the  insurgents.  The  air  is  full  of  reports  of  con- 
centration and  reorganization  on  the  part  of  the  insurgents. 

We  have  no  recent  information  from  our  armies  in  the  field.  The 
navy  is  engaged  in  repairing  damages  of  battle;  and  Admiral 
Goldaborough  is  preparing  for  a  cruise,  with  a  considerable  fleet,  in 
European  waters. 

March  7,  1865.  —  Congress  adjourned  on  the  3d  day  of  March, 
after  having  passed  all  the  laws  required  for  the  military  and  naval 
defence.  The  session  was  less  disturbed  by  party  spirit  than  any 
previous  one  during  the  civil  war,  except  the  extra  session  of  1861. 
Perhaps  the  most  memorable  proceeding  of  the  late  Congress  will  be 
its  submission  to  the  states  of  an  amendment  of  the  Constitution 
for  the  abolition  of  slavery  throughout  the  Union.  Thus  far 
eighteen  states  have  accepted  and  three  have  rejected  the  amend- 
ment. It  need  not  be  doubted  that  within  one  or  two  years  it  will 
obtain  the  majority  required  to  give  it  effect. 

We  have  rumors  of  military  movements  not  unfavorable  to  the 
Union  cause,  but  their  accuracy  has  not  yet  been  established. 
What  we  know  is,  that  General  Sheridan  is  advancing  up  the  valley 
of  Virginia,  threatening  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  railroad  ;  that 
Grant  remains  with  the  army  of  the  Potomac  before  Richmond; 
that  Sherman  has  advanced  northward  from  Columbia  ;  and  that 
Schofield  and  Foster  are  moving  cooperative  forces  from  the  coast. 
We  expect  to  hear  soon  of  a  demonstration  against  Mobile. 

March  13,  1865.  —  We  have  direct  reports  from  Major-General 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  177 

Sheridan  so  late  as  the  10th.  He  has  now  been  two  weeks  on  his 
march.  I  had  not,  in  my  last  circular,  given  the  rumors  brought  by 
deserters,  but  they  have  since  received  such  confirmation  as  to  war- 
rant us  in  accepting  their  statement  that  he  routed  Early's  forces  at 
or  near  Waynesborough,  between  Staunton  and  Charlottesville,  and 
captured  eight  guns,  with  thirteen  hundred  prisoners.  More  recent 
and  reliable  news  is,  that  he  has  effectually  destroyed  the  James 
River  canal  between  Lynchburg  and  Richmond,  and  many  bridges, 
with  much  of  the  track  of  the  Orange  and  Alexandria  railroad. 

The  army  of  the  Potomac  presents  a  scene  of  constant  and  watch- 
ful preparation.  Suffolk,  in  Virginia,  has  been  reoccupied.  The 
insurgent  newspapers  contain  a  report  from  Bragg  that  he  had 
repulsed  General  Foster  at  Kinston,  near  half  way  between  Golds- 
borough  and  Newbern,  in  North  Carolina,  and  captured  three 
guns,  with  fifteen  hundred  prisoners.  Assuming  the  truth  of  this 
claim,  it  does  not  now  seem  to  seriously  threaten  the  operations  of 
Major-General  Sherman.  If  the  suspense  in  which  we  are  held  in 
regard  to  him  begins  to  be  painful,  it  is  well  to  remember  that  the 
time  he  appointed  for  coming  to  the  destination  whence  we  should 
be  able  to  hear  directly  from  him  has  not  yet  expired. 

The  contentions  at  Richmond  seem  to  border  upon  distraction. 
It  is  understood  that  the  insurrectionary  cabal  has  at  last,  under 
Virginia's  dictation,  passed  a  bill  for  arming  slaves  —  not  more  in 
numbers  than  one  quarter  of  the  negro  males  between  the  ages  of  18 
and  45 —  leaving  to  the  states  the  question  whether  the  negroes  to 
be  thus  brought  into  the  field  shall  be  emancipated. 

You  inform  me  that  the  delusion  prevails  in  European  circles  that 
the  rebel  debts  will  be  paid  as  a  condition  of  peace.  To  correct  that 
delusion  you  may  safely  say  that,  in  my  belief,  the  principal  of  the 
debt  of  Great  Britain  will  be  liquidated  and  discharged  before  a 
single  dollar,  even  of  interest,  of  the  rebel  debt  will  be  discharged 
by  anybody.  This  nation  might  perish,  but  it  could  not,  under  the 
present  administration,  incur  the  dishonor  of  begging  a  peace  from 
insurgents. 

March  21,  1865.  —  The  public  attention  is  now  fastening  itself 
upon  Richmond,  and  things  surrounding  it.  Major-General  Sheri- 
dan, after  having  destroyed  all  the  railroad  and  canal  avenues  on 
the  north  side  of  the  James  River,  from  Staunton  to  the  Pamun- 
key,  has  crossed  the  last-named  river,  and  established  himself  at 
12 


178  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON  THE   WAR. 

the  White  House.  •  He  encountered  only  the  resistance  of  Earlv's 
small  force,  most  of  which  he  captured.  With  reference  to  imme- 
diate results,  it  may  be  exaggeration  to  put  the  march  of  Sheridan 
above  that  of  Sherman  through  Georgia  and  North  Carolina,  but  it 
is  allowed  to  have  been  effective  beyond  a  parallel.  Sheridan's 
force  is  now  practically  combined  with  the  army  of  the  Potomac, 
and  henceforth  may  be  in  direct  cooperation. 

The  battle  of  Kinston  cost  each  party  about  three  thousand 
men.  The  enemy  have  evacuated  that  town,  and  Major-General 
Schofield  awaits  there,  or  in  its  vicinity,  the  arrival  of  Major- 
General  Sherman  at  Goldsborough,  who  on  the  11th  instant  captured 
Fayetteville,  and  appointed  yesterday,  the  20th,  for  his  entrance 
into  Goldsborough.  Johnston  and  Hardee  are  understood  to  be  con- 
centrating in  front  of  that  place  —  perhaps  at  Raleigh.  The  army 
of  the  Potomac  is  still  at  rest  before  Richmond.  Significant  politi- 
cal movements  occurred  there  last  week.  The  effort  to  bring 
negroes  into  the  rebel  service  was  begun.  The  so-called  Congress, 
on  the  eve  of  an  intended  adjournment,  was  detained  by  a  message 
from  Davis,  announcing  that  Richmond  is  in  imminent  danger,  and 
demanding  extreme  measures,  and  virtually  dictatorial  powers,  in- 
cluding a  suspension  of  the  habeas  corpus,  unlimited  control  over 
exemptions,  and  authority  to  seize  gold  for  the  uses  of  the  rebel 
authorities.  The  so-called  Legislature  listened  and  adjourned,  as  is 
understood,  without  reviewing  the  policy  of  which  Davis  com- 
plained, and  without  conceding  the  most,  much  less  all,  of  the  ex- 
traordinary powers  demanded.  We  hear  that  troops  have  arrived 
in  Mobile  Bay,  and  that  our  naval  forces  have  crossed  Dog  Bar, 
below  the  city. 

You  will  find  in  the  public  papers  Davis's  account  of  an  attempt 
to  bring  about  a  military  convention  between  Lee  and  Grant,  to 
make  peace  or  gain  time.  It  is  true,  as  he  says,  that  an  overture 
of  this  kind  was  made  by  the  rebel  agents  in  the  conference  with 
the  President  and  Secretary  of  State  at  Hampton  R  >ads,  but  it  was 
firmly  though  courteously  declined. 

March  27,  1865.  —  Major-General  Sheridan  is  still  at  the  White 
House,  on  the  Pamunkey,  repairing  the  waste  his  corps  suffered  in 
the  late  expedition. 

The  enemy  on  the  morning  of  the  25th  made  a  sudden  and 
violent  assault  upon  Fort  Steedman,  situated  on  our  siege  line  in 


DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  179 

front  of  Petersburg,  carried  the  fort,  and  turned  its  guns  upon  its 
late  possessors.  They  at  the  same  time  attacked  Fort  Haskell, 
situated  on  the  same  line,  vigorously,  but  were  repulsed.  By  a 
rapid  concentration  of  forces  Fort  Steedman  was  regained,  with  all 
its  guns,  and  the  former  condition  of  things  was  fully  restored. 
Our  loss  is  reported  by  General  Grant  at  eight  hundred,  that  of  the 
enemy  at  three  thousand,  killed  and  wounded,  and  twenty-seven 
hundred  prisoners. 

Independent  Union  columns  are  pressing  towards  Lynchburg  — 
one  under  Major-General  Hancock,  through  the  Shenandoah  valley, 
the  other  under  Major-General  Stoneman,  from  Nashville,  through 
Knoxville. 

Major-General  Schofield  reports  that  he  entered  Goldsborough  on 
the  21st,  and  found  it  evacuated  by  the  enemy.  He  made  impor- 
tant captures  of  railroad  machinery.  Major-General  Sherman  had 
not  arrived  there  on  the  21st.  The  rebel  press  report  a  signal  vic- 
tory gained  by  them  over  him  at  Averysborough  on  the  16th,  with  a 
loss  of  four  hundred  and  fifty  men  on  their  side,  and  of  three  thou- 
sand on  our  side.  They  report  also  a  victory  gained  by  them  over 
him  at  Bentonville  on  the  19th  instant.  We  have  no  definite  news 
from  or  about  Sherman  since  he  left  Fayetteville.  But  unofficial 
reports  from  Newbern,  so  late  as  the  21st  instant,  allude  to  engage- 
ments of  Sherman's  left  column  with  the  enemy  at  Averysborough 
and  at  Bentonville,  and  the  reports  state  that  Sherman's  right  column 
fought  a  battle  and  routed  the  enemy  at  Mount  Olivet,  on  the 
Wilmington  railroad,  below  Goldsborough,  and  that  the  rebels  re- 
treated towards  Raleigh,  and  that  General  Sherman  entered  Smith- 
field,  which  is  situate  midway  between  Goldsborough  and  the  former 
place.  Perhaps  the  telegraph  will  clear  up  the  uncertainty  which 
these  somewhat  conflicting  reports  have  created. 

Nothing  definite  concerning  Mobile  has  been  received. 

Continued  desertions  from  the  rebel  forces  indicate  a  great 
demoralization  in  their  army  at  Richmond. 

You  will  find  in  the  public  journals  an  account  of  the  conviction, 
confession,  and  execution  of  Kennedy,  one  of  the  incendiaries  who 
went  from  Canada  and  set  fire  to  the  hotels  in  New  York.  It  is 
reasonable  to  hope  that  the  energy  with  which  justice  is  being  ad- 
ministered will  bring  to  an  end  the  war  we  have  so  long  suffered 
from  the  British  colonies  on  our  border. 


180  DIARY,   OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

April  4,  18G5.  —  On  the  29th  instant  Major-General  Sherman, 
who  had  come  up  from  Goldsborough  to  City  Point,  had  a 'confer- 
ence there  with  the  President  and  Lieutenant-General  Grant.  Gen- 
eral Sherman  immediately  thereafter  returned  to  his  own  com- 
mand. On  the  28th  instant  the  Lieutenant-General  organized  a 
large  movable  force  below  Petersburg,  and  so  disposed  of  it  as  to 
oblige  the  rebel  General  Lee  to  weaken  his  batteries  in  in  trend  i- 
ments,  or  leave  the  Southside  railroad  unprotected.  The  move- 
ment continued  with  alternating  advance  and  retreat  throughout 
the  28th,  29th,  and  30th.  On  the  3 1st  General  Sheridan,  in  com- 
mand of  the  cavalry  arm,  seized  the  Southside  railroad,  and  sweep- 
ing backwards,  flanked  the  forces  of  Lee,  and  obtained  a  signal 
victory.  On  the  2d  the  main  force,  under  the  Lieutenant-Gen- 
eral's  immediate  command,  broke  through  the  enemy's  intrench- 
ments  below  Petersburg,  and  then,  by  contracting  their  line  to 
the  Appomattox,  above  the  city,  completed  their  investment. 
Early  on  the  3d  Petersburg  and  Richmond  were  evacuated.  Gen- 
eral Weitzel  entered  the  rebel  stronghold,  and  the  Lieutenant-Gen- 
eral was  in  pursuit  of  the  retreating  rebel  army.  The  Lieutenant- 
General  reports  that  in  the  engagements  which  preceded  the 
evacuation  of  Petersburg  our  forces  captured  fifty  guns  and  twelve 
thousand  prisoners.  Here  our  information  concerning  this  great 
movement  ends.  The  country  has  surrendered  itself  up  to  demon- 
strations of  joy  and  gratitude  to  Almighty  God.  Major-General 
Hancock,  with  a  large  force,  is  still  in  the  valley  of  Virginia, 
awaiting  the  Lieutenant-General's  orders. 

Major-General  Stoneman,  with  the  cavalry  of  the  army  of  the 
Cumberland,  is  reported  crossing  the  Blue  Ridge,  at  Boone,  in 
North  Carolina,  to  cooperate  with  the  armies  under  the  Lieutenant- 
General  and  Major- General  Sherman. 

We  hear  of  an  advance  by  land  and  sea  against  Mobile,  but  not 
yet  of  the  result  of  that  important  manoeuvre. 

April  10,  1865.  —  The  past  week  has  been  characterized  by  a 
rapid  and  uninterrupted  series  of  military  successes  mor«'  momen- 
tous in  their  results  than  any  that  have  preceded  them  during  the 
war.  Richmond  and  Petersburg,  with  all  their  communications  and 
vast  quantities  of  supplies  and  material  of  war,  have  been  captured 
by  our  armies.  The  insurrection  has  no  longer  a  seat  of  its  pre- 
tended government.     Its  so-called  officials  are  fugitives.     Its  chief 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE  WAR.  181 

army,  after  being  reduced  by  repeated  defeats  and  demoralization 
to  less  than  one  third  of  its  former  numbers,  has  been  retreating 
closely  pursued  and  hemmed  in  by  the  victorious  forces  of  the 
Union,  and  encountering  fresh  losses  at  every  step  of  its  flight, 
until  the  triumph  of  the  national  armies  finally  culminated  in  the 
surrender  of  General  Lee  and  the  whole  insurgent  army  of  northern 
Virginia  to  Lieutenant-General  Grant  yesterday  afternoon  at  half 
past  four  o'clock. 

Henceforth  it  is  evident  that  the  war,  if  pi'otracted,  can  never 
resume  its  former  character.  Organized  operations  of  campaign  or 
siege,  carried  on  by  disciplined  and  effective  armies,  are  no  longer 
possible  for  the  insurgents.  Depredations  by  marauding  gangs, 
and  defence  of  remote  and  isolated  inland  fastnesses,  may,  perhaps, 
still  be  continued;  but  even  these  can  endure  but  for  a  time.  Not 
the  least  significant  feature  of  these  triumphs  is  the  reception  ex- 
tended by  the  inhabitants  to  the  advancing  armies  of  the  Union  ; 
their  entire  acquiescence,  and,  in  many  instances,  their  apparently 
sincere  rejoicings  at  the  return  of  its  protecting  authority  over  the 
insurgent  district. 

The  insurrection  has  now  no  port  or  access  to  the  sea,  no  fixed 
seat  of  its  pretended  government,  no  coherent  civil  administration, 
no  army  that  is  not,  in  consequence  of  repeated  defeats,  rapidly  dis- 
solving into  fragments,  and  the  only  ships  that  assume  to  carry  its 
flag  are  those  foreign-built  vessels,  which,  from  the  day  their  keels 
were  laid  on  neutral  soil,  have  never  ventured  to  approach  within 
hundreds  of  miles  of  the  scene  of  the  insurrection,  and  have  only 
derived  their  ability  to  rob  and  plunder  from  the  concession  to  them 
of  belligerent  privileges  by  powers  which  have  repeatedly  assured 
us  of  their  disposition  to  be  neutral  in  the  strife. 

April  15,  1865.  —  The  sad  duty  devolves  upon  me  to  announce 
the  assassination  of  the  President  at  Ford's  Theatre,  last  night,  by  a 
pistol-shot  from  a  person  who  entered  his  box  for  the  purpose.  The 
assassin  escaped,  but  it  is  supposed  has  since  been  arrested.  The 
President  died  at  seven  and  a  half  o'clock  this  morning.  Vice- 
President  Johnson  has  assumed  the  functions  of  President,  having 
been  sworn  in  by  the  Chief  Justice. 

About  the  same  time  an  attempt  was  made,  by,  it  is  believed,  a 
different  person,  to  assassinate  Mr.  Seward,  but  the  murderer  only 


182  DIARY,  OR  NOTES  ON  THE  WAR. 

succeeded  in  inflicting  painful  and  severe  wounds,  principally  upon 
his  face.  Mr.  F.  W.  Seward  was  beaten  over  the  head  with  a 
heavy  weapon  in  the  hands  of  the  person  who  attacked  his  father, 
and  is  grievously  hurt.  His  brother  was  also  wounded  by  the 
dagger  of  the  assassin,  as  well  as  Mr.  Hansell,  a  messenger  of  the 
Department  of  State,  who  was  with  the  Secretary,  and  the  male 
nurse  in  attendance.  W.  Hunter,  Acting  Secretary. 

London,  April  28,  1865.  —  I  had  the  grief  to  receive  the  day 
before  yesterday  the  telegraphic  despatches  from  Mr.  Stanton,  the 
Secretary  of  War,  and  from  Mr.  Hunter,  the  chief  clerk  of  your  De- 
partment, announcing  the  afflicting  event  of  the  14th  instant,  which 
has  thrown  our  whole  people  into  such  deep  distress.  They  also 
give  a  narrative  of  the  simultaneous  savage  onslaught  upon  yourself 
in  your  sick-room,  and  upon  your  son,  the  Assistant  Secretary, 
which  had  not  at  the  latest  date  and  which  I  yet  permit  myself  to 
hope  will  not  prove  fatal  to  either  of  you. 

I  immediately  took  the  requisite  measures  to  communicate  the  in- 
telligence to  the  different  legations  on  the  continent. 

It  is  but  consistency  that  a  rebellion  which  began  in  perjury, 
treachery,  and  fraud,  should  close  with  private  assassination. 

The  whole  of  the  day  was  one  of  the  greatest  excitement.  Few 
events  of  the  present  century  have  created  such  general  consternation 
and  indignation.  Many  people  called  personally  at  the  legation  to 
express  their  deep  sympathy,  and  many  more  sent  me  notes  of  the 
same  tenor. 

The  notices  taken  by  the  press  are  almost  all  of  them  of  a  most 
honorable  character.  I  transmit  copies  of  the  leading  newspapers. 
There  seems,  at  last,  to  be  a  general  testimony  borne  to  the  noble 
qualities  of  the  President  and  the  friendly  disposition  of  the  Secre- 
tary of  State. 

If  all  this  eulogy  be  found  mingled  with  the  alloy  of  unworthy 
aspersions  of  the  Vice  President  who  succeeds,  he  has  abundant  con- 
solation in  the  reflection  that  when  his  predecessor  began  he  was 
not  a  whit  better  treated.  It  is  a  weakness  of  the  press  and  the 
people  of  this  country  not  to  value  some  men  properly  until  they 
are  lost  —  the  case  of  the  late  Prince  Consort  is  a  remarkable 
instance. 

The  proceedings  in  the  two  houses  of  Parliament  last  evening 


DIAKY,   OR   NOTES  ON    THE   WAR.  183 

mark  out  the  line  proposed  to  be  adopted  by  the  government  on  this 
occasion. 

I  have  the  honor  to  be,  sir,  your  obedient  servant, 

Charles  Francis  Adams. 

Hon.  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State,  Washington,  D.  C. 

April  27,  1865.  —  The  Secretary  has  been  able  to  ride  out  yester- 
day and  to-day,  and  it  is  quite  probable  that  in  the  course  of  a  fort- 
night he  will  be  able  to  a  certain  extent  to  attend  to  business.  Mr. 
F.  W.  Seward  is  reported  by  his  physician  as  in  a  condition  to 
inspire  good  hopes  of  his  ultimate  recovery,  though  the  process 
must,  of  course,  from  the  nature  of  his  injuries,  be  slow. 

W.  Hunter,  Acting  Secretary. 

MR.    HUNTER   TO    MB.    ADAMS. 

May  2,  1865.  —  The  public  press  will  have  informed  you  of  the 
honors  done  by  the  people  to  the  remains  of  our  lamented  President, 
on  their  transit  from  this  city  to  Chicago,  which  point  they  have 
now  reached.  The  assassination  and  the  other  atrocious  attempts 
have  called  forth  gratifying  expressions  of  condolence  and  sympathy 
from  foreigners  resident  in  the  United  States,  and  from  the  govern- 
ment and  many  of  the  cities  of  Canada. 

With  reference  to  military  events,  I  will  mention  that  Macon, 
Georgia,  was  captured  by  General  Wilson  on  the  13th  ultimo,  when 
he  was  notified  by  General  Sherman  of  the  truce,  and  withdrew. 

When  the  truce  between  Generals  Sherman  and  Johnston,  with 
the  proposed  terms  of  surrender,  was  reported  to  the  President,  Gen- 
eral Grant  was  promptly  despatched  to  order  the  resumption  of  offen- 
sive operations,  unless  more  satisfactory  terms  could  be  arranged, 
and  the  result  was  the  surrender  of  Johnston,  including  all  forces 
between  Raleigh  and  Chattahoochee  River,  upon  the  same  terms 
granted  to  Lee.' 

No  information  has  been  received  of  the  interception  of  Jefferson 
Davis,  who  is  said  to  have  with  him  a  large  amount  of  gold  taken 
from  the  banks  at  Richmond.  John  Wilkes  Booth,  the  assassin  of 
President  Lincoln,  was  killed  on  the  26th  ultimo,  near  Port  Royal, 
on  the  Rappahannock,  and  his  companion  Herold  captured  alive. 

May  16,  1865.  —  The  military  court  convened  to  commence  pro- 
ceedings for  the  trial  of  the  assassins  and  their  accomplices  on  the 


184  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON   THE   WAR. 

9th  instant.     Newspapers  containing  a  report  of  the  testimony  have 
been  forwarded  to  you  by  this  mail. 

The  report  comes  to  us  in  a  credible  form  that  the  rebel  General 
Taylof  surrendered  with  his  command  to  Major-General  Canby,  on 
substantially  the  same  terms  accepted  by  Lee. 

It  appears  that  Johnston,  on  surrendering,  turned  over  to  the 
national  forces  one  hundred  and  fifty  cannon  and  nine  thousand 
stand  of  arms. 

On  the  12th  instant  Major-General  Wilson  announced  by  tele- 
graph the  capture  at  Irvvinville,  in  Georgia,  of  the  fugitive  rebel 
chief,  Jefferson  Davis,  who  whs  surprised  in  camp  by  the  4th  Michi- 
gan cavalry,  under  the  immediate  command  of  Lieutenant-Colonel 
Pritchard. 

May  30,  1865.  —  The  Stonewall  has  been  turned  over  by  her 
insurgent  commander  to  the  keeping  of  the  Spanish  authorities  at 
Havana ;  the  question  as  to  the  ultimate  disposition  to  be  made  of 
her  is  under  consideration.  An  indictment  has  been  found  against 
Jefferson  Davis  for  high  treason,  for  which  he  will  be  tried  before 
the  United  States  court  for  this  district. 

By  a  despatch  of  the  25th  instant,  General  Canby  announced  to 
the  Secretary  of  War  that  arrangements  for  the  surrender  of  the 
insurgent  forces  in  the  trans-Mississippi  Department  had  been  con- 
cluded, including  the  men  and  material  of  the  military  and  naval 
service. 

On  the  27th  instant,  under  the  direction  of  the  President,  the 
Secretary  of  War  ordered  that  in  all  cases  of  sentence  by  military 
tribunals  of  imprisonment  during  the  war,  the  sentence  be  remitted, 
and  that  the  prisoners  be  discharged. 

William  Hunter,  Acting  Secretary. 

July  8,  1865.  —  The  military  commission  appointed  to  try  the  con- 
spirators against  the  lives  of  the  late  and  of  the  present  President,  of 
members  of  the  Cabinet  and  others,  has  brought  its  proceedings  to  a 
close  by  sentencing  Mary  E.  Surratt,  Lewis  Payne,  David  E.  Her- 
old,  and  George  Atzerodt,  to  death  by  hanging;  Samuel  A.  Mudd, 
Michael  O'Laughlin,  and  Samuel  Arnold  to  imprisonment  at  hard 
labor  for  life  ;  and  Edward  Spangler  to  imprisonment  for  the  term 
of  six  years  at  hard  labor. 

The  sentence  against  the  four  first-named  persons  was  yesterday 
carried  into  effect. 


DIARY,    OR   NOTES   ON   THE   WAR.  185 

September  5,  1865.  —  The  President  will  neither  make  promises 
nor  grant  either  passports  or  permits  for  return,  to  rebels  now 
abroad  ;  applications  for  pardons  will  be  considered  only  when  the 
persons  making  them  are  residing  in  the  United  States,  and,  in  any 
case,  there  must  be  an  unreserved,  not  a  conditional  appeal  to  the 
mercy  and  magnanimity  of  the  government.1 

September  7,  1865.  —  With  the  decline  of  the  civil  war  in  the 
United  States  the  press,  as  well  at  home  as  abroad,  finds  its  news 
materially  abridged.  Hence  we  have  incidents,  in  themselves  un- 
important, magnified  into  indications  of  solemn  state  purposes,  and 
loosely  drawn  and  conjectured  speculations  of  forthcoming  grave 
events.  The  affair  at  Cherbourg  belongs  to  this  class  of  subjects. 
This  government  has  taken  no  thought  of  it,  and  has  not  been  dis- 
posed to  invest  it  with  any  the  least  amount  of  interest,  and  of 
course  has  no  wounded  sensibility  about  it.  The  government  of 
Great  Britain  still  maintains  its  twenty-four-hour  rule  in  regard  to 
our  ships-of-vvar  in  British  ports,  and  we  have  expressed  our  opinion 
and  announced  our  course  in  relation  to  that  discourtesy.  France 
has  not  announced  that  she  intends  to  maintain  that  rule,  but  has 
left  us  to  infer  the  contrary,  although  British  agents  represent  that 
her  course  is  identical  with  that  of  Great  Britain.  We  have  taken 
no  notice  of  those  statements.  We  intend  neither  to  seek  for  con- 
troversies nor  to  give  voluntary  offence  to  maritime  powers,  and  we 
therefore  are  not  looking  about  us  for  affronts  or  indications  of  dis- 
respect. 

1  Mr.  Seward  had  now  sufficiently  recovered  to  be  able  to  dictate  and  sign  his  despatches. 


SELECTIONS 


DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 


SELECTIONS 

FROM 

DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 


Mr.  Black,  Secretary  of  State  during  the  last  days  of  Mr. 
Buchanan's  presidency,  had  addressed  a  circular  to  our  ministers 
under  date  of  February  28,  1861,  in  which  he  describes  the  situa- 
tion thus : — 

"  The  election  of  last  November  resulted  in  the  choice  of  Mr. 
Abraham  Lincoln,  the  candidate  of  the  Republican  or  anti-slavery 
party ;  the  preceding  discussion  had  been  confined  almost  entirely 
to  topics  connected,  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the  subject  of 
negro  slavery ;  every  Northern  state  cast  its  whole  electoral  vote 
(except  three  in  New  Jersey)  for  Mr.  Lincoln,  while  in  the  whole 
South  the  popular  sentiment  against  him  was  almost  absolutely 
universal.  Some  of  the  Southern  states,  immediately  after  the 
election,  took  measures  for  separating  themselves  from  the  Union, 
and  others  soon  followed  their  example.  Conventions  have  been 
called  in  South  Carolina,  Georgia,  Florida,  Alabama,  Mississippi, 
Louisiana,  and  Texas,  and  those  conventions,  in  all  except  the  last- 
named  state,  have  passed  ordinances  declaring  their  secession  from 
the  Federal  government.  A  Congress,  composed  of  representatives 
from  the  six  first-named  states,  has  been  assembled  for  some  time 
at  Montgomery,  Alabama.  By  this  body  a  provisional  constitution 
has  been  framed  for  what  it  styles  the  '  Confederate  States  of 
America.'  " 


Mr.  Seward  to  all  the  Ministers  of  the  United  States. 

March  9,  1861.  —  My  predecessor,  in  his  despatch,  addressed  to 
you  on  the  28th  of  February  last,  instructed  you  to  use  all  proper 


190  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

and  necessary  measures  to  prevent  the  success  of  efforts  which 
may  be  made  by  persons  claiming  to  represent  those  states  of  this 
Union  in  whose  name  a  provisional  government  has  been  announced 
to  procure  a  recognition  of  their  independence  by  the  government 
[to  which  you  are  accredited.] 

I  am  now  instructed  by  the  President  of  the  United  States  to 
inform  you  that,  having  assumed  the  administration  of  the  govern- 
ment in  pursuance  of  an  unquestioned  election  and  of  the  directions 
of  the  Constitution,  he  renews  the  injunction  which  I  have  men- 
tioned, and  relies  upon  the  exercise  of  the  greatest  possible  diligence 
and  fidelity  on  your  part  to  counteract  and  prevent  the  designs  of 
those  who  would  invoke  foreign  intervention  to  embarrass  or  over- 
throw the  Republic. 

When  you  reflect  on  the  novelty  of  such  designs,  their  unpatri- 
otic and  revolutionary  character,  and  the  long  train  of  evils  which 
must  follow  directly  or  consequentially  from  even  their  partial  or 
temporary  success,  the  President  feels  assured  that  you  will  justly 
appreciate  and  cordially  approve  the  caution  which  prompts  this 
communication. 

I  transmit  herewith  a  copy  of  the  address  pronounced  by  the 
President  on  taking  the  constitutional  oath  of  office.  It  sets  forth 
clearly  the  errors  of  the  misguided  partisans  who  are  seeking  to 
dismember  the  Union,  the  grounds  on  which  the  conduct  of  those 
partisans  is  disallowed,  and  also  the  general  policy  which  the  gov- 
ernment will  pursue  with  a  view  to  the  preservation  of  domestic 
peace  and  order,  and  the  maintenance  and  preservation  of  the 
Federal  Union. 

You  will  lose  no  time  in  submitting  this  address  to  the  minister 
for  foreign  affairs,  and  in  assuring  him  that  the  President  of  the 
United  States  entertains  a  full  confidence  in  the  speedy  restoration 
of  the  harmony  and  unity  of  the  government  by  a  firm  yet  just 
and  liberal  bearing,  cooperating  with  the  deliberate  and  loyal  ac- 
tion of  the  American  people. 

You  will  truthfully  urge  upon  the  government  the  consideration 
that  the  present  disturbances  havo  had  their  origin  only  in  popular 
passions,  excited  under  novel  circumstances  of  very  transient  char- 
acter, and  that  while  not  one  person  of  well-balanced  mind  has 
attempted  to  show  that  dismemberment  of  the  Union  would  be 
permanently  conducive  to  the  safety  and  welfare  of  even  his  own 


THE    UNION   BENEFICIAL   TO    THE   WORLD.  191 

state  or  section,  much  less  of  all  the  states  and  sections  of  our  coun- 
try, the  people  themselves  still  retain  and  cherish  a  profound  confi- 
dence in  our  happy  Constitution,  together  with  a  veneration  and 
affection  for  it  such  as  no  other  form  of  government  ever  received 
at  the  hands  of  those  for  whom  it  was  established. 

We  feel  free  to  assume  that  it  is  the  general  conviction  of  men, 
not  only  here  but  in  all  other  countries,  that  this  Federal  Union 
affords  a  better  system  than  any  other  that  could  be  contrived  to 
assure  the  safety,  the  peace,  the  prosperity,  the  welfare,  and  the 
happiness  of  all  the  states  of  which  it  is  composed.  The  position 
of  these  states,  and  their  mining,  agricultural,  manufacturing,  com- 
mercial, political,  and  social  relations  and  influences,  seem  to  make 
it  permanently  the  interest  of  all  other  nations  that  our  present 
political  system  shall  be  unchanged  and  undisturbed.  Any  advan- 
tage that  any  foreign  nation  might  derive  from  a  connection  that  it 
might  form  with  any  dissatisfied  or  discontented  portion,  state,  or 
section,  even  if  not  altogether  illusory,  would  be  ephemeral,  and 
would  be  overbalanced  by  the  evils  it  would  suffer  from  a  dissev- 
erance of  the  whole  Union,  whose  manifest  policy  it  must  be  here- 
after, as  it  has  always  been  heretofore,  to  maintain  peace,  liberal 
commerce,  and  cordial  amity  with  all  other  nations,  and  to  favor 
the  establishment  of  well-ordered  government  over  the  whole  Amer- 
ican continent. 

Nor  do  we  think  we  exaggerate  our  national  importance  when  we 
claim  that  any  political  disaster  that  should  befall  us,  and  introduce 
discord  or  anarchy  among  the  states  that  have  so  long  constituted 
one  great,  pacific,  prosperous  nation,  under  a  form  of  government 
which  has  approved  itself  to  the  respect  and  confidence  of  mankind, 
might  tend  by  its  influence  to  disturb  and  unsettle  the  existing 
systems  of  government  in  other  parts  of  the  world,  and  arrest  that 
progress  of  improvement  and  civilization  which  marks  the  era  in 
which  we  live. 

W.  Preston,  Esq.,  Madrid. 

The  same,  mutatis  mutandis,  to  E.  G.  Fair,  Esq.,  Brussels ;  Theo. 
S.  Fay,  Esq.,  Berne;  Jos.  A.  Wright,  Esq.,  Berlin;  J.  G. 
JONES,  Esq.,  Vienna  ;  J.  Williams,  Esq.,  Constantinople ;  Geo. 
M.  Dallas,  Esq.,  London;  Chas.  J.  Faulkner,  Esq.,  Paris; 
John  Appleton,  Esq.,  St.  Petersburg;  Henry  C.  Murphy, 
Esq.,  The  Hague. 


192  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Ministers  of  the    United  States  in   Great   Britain,  France^ 
Russia,  Prussia,  Austria,  Belgium,  Italy,  and  Denmark. 

CIRCULAR. 

April  24,  1861.  —  Sir  :  The  advocates  of  benevolence  and  the 
believers  in  human  progress,  encouraged  by  the  slow  though  marked 
meliorations  of  the  barbarities  of  war  which  have  obtained  in  mod- 
ern times,  have  been,  as  you  are  well  aware,  recently  engaged  with 
much  assiduity  in  endeavoring  to  effect  some  modifications  of  the 
law  of  nations  in  regard  to  the  rights  of  neutrals  in  maritime  war. 
In  the  spirit  of  these  movements  the  President  of  the  United 
States,  in  the  year  1854,  submitted  to  the  several  maritime  nations 
two  propositions,  to  which  he  solicited  their  assent  as  permanent 
principles  of  international  law,  which  were  as  follows :  —  • 

1.  Free  ships  make  free  goods ;  that  is  to  say,  that  the  effects  or 
goods  belonging  to  subjects  or  citizens  of  a  power  or  state  at  war 
are  free  from  capture  or  confiscation  when  found  on  board  of  neu- 
tral vessels,  with  the  exception  of  articles  contraband  of  war. 

2.  That  the  property  of  neutrals  on  board  an  enemy's  vessel  is 
not  subject  to  confiscation  unless  the  same  be  contraband  of  war. 

Several  of  the  governments  to  which  these  propositions  were  sub- 
mitted expressed  their  willingness  to  accept  them,  while  some 
others,  which  were  in  a  state  of  war,  intimated  a  desire  to  defer 
acting  thereon  until  the  return  of  peace  should  present  what  they 
thought  would  be  a  more  auspicious  season  for  such  interesting 
negotiations. 

On  the  16th  of  April,  1856,  a  congress  was  in  session  at  Paris. 
It  consisted  of  several  maritime  powers,  represented  by  their  pleni- 
potentiaries, namely,  Great  Britain,  Austria,  France,  Russia,  Prus- 
sia, Sardinia,  and  Turkey.  That  congress  having  taken  up  the 
general  subject  to  which  allusion  has  already  been  made  in  this 
letter,  on  the  day  before  mentioned,  came  to  an  agreement,  which 
they  adopted  in  the  form  of  a  declaration,  to  the  effect  following, 
namely  :  — 

1.  Privateering  is  and  remains  abolished. 

2.  The  neutral  flag  covers  enemy's  goods,  with  the  exception  of 
contraband  of  war. 

3.  Neutral  goods,  with  the  exception  of  contraband  of  war,  are 
not  liable  to  capture  under  enemy's  flag. 


MARITIME   WAR.  —  PRIVATEERING.  193 

4.  Blockades,  in  order  to  be  binding,  must  be  effective ;  that  is 
to  say,  maintained  by  forces  sufficient  really  to  prevent  access  to 
the  coast  of  the  enemy. 

The  agreement  pledged  the  parties  constituting  the  congress  to 
bring  the  declaration  thus  made  to  the  knowledge  of  the  states 
which  had  not  been  represented  in  that  body,  and  to  invite  them  to 
accede  to  it.  The  congress,  however,  at  the  same  time  insisted,  in 
the  first  place,  that  the  declaration  should  be  binding  only  on  the 
powers  who  were  or  should  become  parties  to  it  as  one  whole  and 
indivisible  compact;  and,  secondly,  that  the  parties  who  had  agreed, 
and  those  who  should  afterwards  accede  to  it,  should,  after  the  adop- 
tion of  the  same,  enter  into  no  arrangement  on  the  application  of 
maritime  law  in  time  of  war  without  stipulating  for  a  strict  ob- 
servance of  the  four  points  resolved  by  the  declaration. 

The  declaration  which  I  have  thus  substantially  recited  of  course 
prevented  all  the  powers  which  became  parties  to  it  from  accepting 
the  two  propositions  which  had  been  before  submitted  to  the  mari- 
time nations  by  the  President  of  the  United  States. 

The  declaration  was,  in  due  time,  submitted  by  the  governments 
represented  in  the  congress  at  Paris  to  the  government  of  the 
United  States. 

The  President,  about  the  14th  of  July,  1856,  made  known  to  the 
states  concerned  his  unwillingness  to  accede  to  the  declaration.  In 
making  that  announcement  on  behalf  of  this  government  my  prede- 
cessor, Mr.  Marcy,  called  the  attention  of  those  states  to  the  follow- 
ing points,  namely :  — 

1st.  That  the  second  and  third  propositions  contained  in  the 
Paris  declaration  are  substantially  the  same  with  the  two  proposi- 
tions which  had  before  been  submitted  to  the  maritime  states  by  the 
President. 

2d.  That  the  Paris  declaration,  with  the  conditions  annexed,  was 
inadmissible  by  the  United  States  in  three  respects,  namely :  1st. 
That  the  government  of  the  United  States  could  not  give  its  as- 
sent to  the  first  proposition  contained  in  the  declaration,  namely : 
that  "  Privateering  is  and  remains  abolished,"  although  it  was  wil- 
ling to  accept  it  with  an  amendment  which  should  exempt  the  private 
property  of  individuals,  though  belonging  to  belligerent  states,  from 
seizure  or  confiscation  by  national  vessels  in  maritime  war.  2d. 
That  for  this  reason  tfye  stipulation  annexed  to  the  declaration,  viz  : 
13 


194  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

that  the  propositions  must  be  taken  altogether  or  rejected  altogether, 
without  modification,  could  not  be  allowed.  3d.  That  the  fourth 
condition  annexed  to  the  declaration,  which  provided  that  the  par- 
ties acceding  to  it  should  enter  into  no  negotiation  for  any  modifica- 
tions of  the  law  of  maritime  war  with  nations  which  should  not  con- 
tain the  four  points  contained  in  the  Paris  declaration,  seemed 
inconsistent  with  a  proper  regard  to  the  national  sovereignty  of  the 
United  States. 

On  the  29th  of  July,  1856,  Mr.  Mason,  then  Minister  of  the 
United  States  at  Paris,  was  instructed  by  the  President  to  propose 
to  the  government  of  France  to  enter  into  an  arrangement  for  its 
adherence,  with  the  United  States,  to  the  four  principles  of  the 
declaration  of  the  Congress  of  Paris,  provided  the  first  of  them 
should  be  amended  as  specified  in  Mr.  Marcy's  note  to  the  Count 
de  Sartiges  on  the  28th  of  July,  1856.  Mr.  Mason  accordingly 
brought  the  subject  to  the  notice  of  the  imperial  government  of 
France,  which  was  disposed  to  entertain  the  matter  favorably,  but 
which  failed  to  communicate  its  decision  on  the  subject  to  him. 
Similar  instructions  regarding  the  matter  were  addressed  by  this 
Department  to  Mr.  Dallas,  our  Minister  at  London,  on  the  31st  day 
of  January,  1857  ;  but  the  proposition  above  referred  to  had  not 
been  directly  presented  to  the  British  government  by  him  when  the 
administration  of  this  government  by  Franklin  Pierce,  during  whose 
terra  these  proceedings  occurred,  came  to  an  end  on  the  3d  of  March, 
1857,  and  was  succeeded  by  that  of  James  Buchanan,  who  directed 
the  negotiations  to  be  arrested  for  the  purpose  of  enabling  him  to 
examine  the  questions  involved,  and  they  have  ever  since  remained 
in  that  state  of  suspension. 

The  President  of  the  United  States  has  now  taken  the  subject 
into  consideration,  and  he  is  prepared  to  communicate  his  views 
upon  it,  with  a  disposition  to  bring  the  negotiation  to  a  speedy  and 
satisfactory  conclusion. 

For  that  purpose  you  are  hereby  instructed  to  seek  an  early 
opportunity  to  call  the  attention  of  her  Majesty's  government  to 
the  subject,  and  to  ascertain  whether  it  is  disposed  to  enter  into 
negotiations  for  the  accession  of  the  government  of  the  United  States 
to  the  declaration  of  the  Paris  congress,  with  the  conditions  an- 
nexed by  that  body  to  the  same;  and  if  you  shall  find  that  govern- 
ment so  disposed,  you  will  then  enter  into  a  conveution  to  that 


THE   NATURE   OF   THE   UNION:    ITS   BASIS.  195 

effect,  substantially  in  the  form  of  a  project  for  that  purpose  here- 
with transmitted  to  you;  the  convention  to  take  effect  from  the  time 
when  the  due  ratifications  of  the  same  shall  have  been  exchanged. 
It  is  presumed  that  you  will  need  no  special  explanation  of  the  sen- 
timents of  the  President  on  this  subject  for  the  purpose  of  conduct- 
ing the  necessary  conferences  with  the  government  to  which  you 
are  accredited.  Its  assent  is  expected  on  the  ground  that  the  propo- 
sition is  accepted  at  its  suggestion,  and  in  the  form  it  has  preferred. 
For  your  own  information  it  will  be  sufficient  to  say  that  the  Presi- 
dent adheres  to  the  opinion  expressed  by  my  predecessor,  Mr. 
Marcy,  that  it  would  be  eminently  desirable  for  the  good  of  all 
nations  that  the  property  and  effects  of  private  individuals,  not  con- 
traband, should  be  exempt  from  seizure  and  confiscation  by  national 
vessels  in  maritime  war.  If  the  time"  and  circumstances  were  propi- 
tious to  a  prosecution  of  the  negotiation  with  that  object  in  view,  he 
would  direct  that  it  should  be  assiduously  pursued.  But  the  right 
season  seems  to  have  passed,  at  least  for  the  present.  Europe  seems 
once  more  on  the  verge  of  quite  general  wars.  On  the  other  hand, 
a  portion  of  the  American  people  have  raised  the  standard  of  insur- 
rection, and  proclaimed  a  provisional  government,  and,  through 
their  organs,  have  taken  the  bad  resolution  to  invite  privateers  to 
prey  upon  the  peaceful  commerce  of  the  United  States. 

Prudence  and  humanity  combine  in  persuading  the  President, 
under  the  circumstances,  that  it  is  wise  to  secure  the  lesser  good 
offered  by  the  Paris  congress,  without  waiting  indefinitely  in  hope 
to  obtain  the  greater  one  offered  to  the  maritime  nations  by  the 
President  of  the  United  States. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Judd. 

March  22,  1861.  —  Contrary  to  what  usually  happens  in  giving 
instructions  to  a  Minister  going  abroad,  I  am  directed  by  the  Presi- 
dent to  ask  you  to  fix  your  attention  in  the  first  instance,  and  to 
keep  it  constantly  fixed,  on  the  actual  condition  of  affairs  at  home. 
I  allude,  of  course,  to  the  unlawful  and  unconstitutional  attempt 
which  is  being  made  to  detach  several  of  the  states  from  the  Federal 
Union,  and  to  organize  them  as  an  independent  republic  under  the 
name  of  the  "Confederate  States  of  America." 

You  are  well  aware  of  what  you  will  find  Europeans  unable  to 
understand,  namely,  that  owing  to  the  very  peculiar  structure  of  our 


196  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Federal  government,  and  the  equally  singular  character  and  habits 
of  the  American  people,  this  government  not  only  wisely  but  neces- 
sarily hesitates  to  resort  to  coercion  and  compulsion  to  secure  a 
return  of  the  disaffected  portion  of  the  people  to  their  customary 
allegiance.  The  Union  was  formed  upon  popular  consent,  and  must 
always  practically  stand  on  the  same  basis.  The  temporary  causes 
of  alienation  must  pass  away ;  there  must  needs  be  disasters  and  dis- 
appointments resulting  from  the  exercise  of  unlawful  authority  by 
the  revolutionists,  while  happily  it  is  certain  that  there  is  a  general 
and  profound  sentiment  of  loyalty  pervading  the  public  mind 
throughout  the  United  States.  While  it  is  the  intention  of  the 
President  to  maintain  the  sovereignty  and  rightful,  authority  of  the 
Union  everywhere  with  firmness  as  well  as  discretion,  he  at  the 
same  time  relies  with  great  confidence  on  the  salutary  working  of 
the  agencies  I  have  mentioned,  to  restore  the  harmony  and  Union 
of  the  states.  But  to  this  end  it  is  of  the  greatest  importance  that 
the  disaffected  states  shall  not  succeed  in  obtaining  favor  or  recog- 
nition from  foreign  nations. 

It  is  understood  that  the  so-called  Confederate  States  of  America 
have  sent,  or  are  about  to  send,  agents  to  solicit  such  recognition 
in  Europe,  although  there  is  no  special  reason  for  supposing  Prus- 
sia to  be  one  of  the  nations  to  which  application  will  be  made.  An 
almost  electric  political  connection,  however,  exists  between  the 
several  capitals  of  western  Europe,  and  therefore  your  most  efficient 
and  unfailing  efforts  must  be  put  forth  directly,  and  even  indirectly, 
to  prevent  the  success  of  that  ill-starred  design. 

It  may  be  well  to  call  your  attention  to  the  fact  that  I  have  for- 
borne altogether  from  discussing  the  groundless  complaints  and  pre- 
texts which  have  been  put  forth  by  the  organs  of  disunion  to  justify 
the  rash  and  perilous  revolution  which  they  are  attempting  to  in- 
augurate. I  have  practised  this  reticence  not  because  the  point  is 
unimportant,  but  because  the  dispute  is  purely  a  domestic  one,  and 
the  President  would  not  willingly  have  the  archives  of  our  lega- 
tions bear  testimony  to  so  un-American  a  proceeding  as  an  acknowl- 
edgment, even  by  indirection,  that  this  government  ever  consented 
to  join  issue  upon  a  purely  family  matter  of  this  kind  with  a 
portion  of  our  own  citizens  before  a  foreign  tribunal.  Neverthe- 
less, should  you  find  that  any  weight  is  given  to  those  complaints 
and  pretexts  in  the  court  to  whieh  you  are  accredited,  your  perfect 


RECOGNITION   TO   BE   PREVENTED.  197 

knowledge  of  all  the  transactions  involved,  will,  I  am  sure,  enable 
you  to  meet  them  conclusively  and  satisfactorily  without  precise  in- 
structions on  that  point. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Sanford. 

March  26,  1861.  —  Having  spent  the  winter  in  Washington,  you 
need  not  be  informed  of  the  attempts  of  a  misguided  party  of  citi- 
zens in  several  of  the  southern  states,  not  unattended  with  violence 
and  spoliation,  to  dismember  the  Federal  Republic,  and  of  their 
scheme  to  organize  several  of  the  states  in  a  new  revolutionary  gov- 
ernment, under  the  name  of  the  Confederate  States  of  America. 
Formidable  as  this  conspiracy  seemed  at  the  beginning,  it  is  now 
confidently  believed  that  the  policy  of  the  present  administration  in 
regard  to  it  will  be  supported  by  the  people  —  a  policy  of  concilia- 
tion, forbearance,  and  firmness  —  and  that  the  conspiracy  will  thus 
fail  for  want  of  ultimate  adoption  by  the  states  themselves  which 
are  expected  to  constitute  the  new  confederacy.  Aware  of  this 
danger,  the  movers  in  that  desperate  and  destructive  enterprise 
are  now  understood  to  be  making  every  effort  to  gain  external 
advantage  by  appeals  to  prejudice  or  supposed  interest  in  foreign 
nations  for  a  recognition  of  the  independence  of  the  proposed  new 
confederacy. 

Under  these  circumstances  the  most  important  duty  of  the  diplo- 
matic representatives  of  the  United  States  in  Europe  will  be  to 
counteract  by  all  proper  means  the  efforts  of  the  agents  of  that  pro- 
jected confederacy  at  their  respective  courts.  It  was  your  ex- 
tensive acquaintance  on  the  Continent,  taken  in  connection  with 
your  activity  and  energy  here,  which  induced  the  President  to  con- 
fer upon  you  the  appointment  of  Minister  resident  in  Belgium.  The 
general  considerations  to  be  urged  against  such  a  recognition  will 
be  found  in  the  inaugural  address  of  the  President,  delivered  on  the 
4th  of  March  instant,  and  in  a  circular  letter  despatched  by  me  on 
the  9th  instant  to  our  Ministers. 

The  President,  confident  of  the  ultimate  ascendency  of  law, 
order,  and  the  Union,  through  the  deliberate  action  of  the  people 
in  constitutional  forms,  does  not  expect  you  to  engage  in  any  dis- 
cussion which  the  agents  of  the  disunionists  may  attempt  to  initiate 
on  the  merits  of  their  proposed  revolution.  He  will  not  consent, 
directly  or  indirectly,  to  the  interpellation  of  any  foreign  power  in 
a  controversy  which  is  merely  a  domestic  one. 


198  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

There  is  some  reason  to  suppose  that  the  agents  of  thedisunionists 
will  attempt  to  win  favor  for  their  scheme  of  recognition  by  affect- 
ing to  sympathize  with  the  manufacturing  interests  of  the  European 
nations  in  their  discontent  with  the  tariff  laws  of  the  United  States, 
and  by  promising  to  receive  the  fabrics  of  such  nations  on  more 
favorable  terms.  You  will  be  able  to  reply  to  such  seductions  as 
these  that  the  new  tariff  laws  thus  complained  of  are  revenue  laws 
deemed  by  the  legislature  of  the  United  States  necessary  under  new 
and  peculiar  circumstances ;  that  all  experience  shows  that  such 
laws  are  not  and  cannot  be  permanent;  that  if,  as  is  now  pretended, 
they  shall  prove  to  be  onerous  to  foreign  commerce,  they  will,  of 
course,  prove  also  to  be  unfruitful  of  revenue,  and  that  in  that  case 
they  will  necessarily  be  promptly  modified.  The  inconvenience, 
if  any  shall  result  from  them,  will  therefore  be  temporary  and  prac- 
tically harmless.  Nor  will  any  statesman  of  a  foreign  country 
need  to  be  informed  that  the  consumption  of  the  fabrics  which  it  is 
proposed  shall  be  favored  by  the  so-called  seceding  states  chiefly 
takes  place,  not  within  those  states,  but  in  a  very  large  degree  in 
the  states  which  remain  undisturbed  by  this  unhappy  attempt  at 
revolution. 

It  hardly  need  be  added  that  the  recognition  which  the  insur- 
gent states  desire  tends  through  either  peace  or  war  to  the  establish- 
ment of  a  new  government.  That  new  government,  like  the  gov- 
ernment of  the  United  States,  must  levy  imports  on  foreign  mer- 
chandise, while  it  must  also  resort  to  an  export  duty  on  cotton,  its 
great  staple,  for  its  support;  and  these  two  measures  combined 
would  constitute  a  policy  largely  prohibitive,  instead  of  the  liberal 
and  genial  one  which  is  now  promised  by  the  disunion  party. 

You  will  not  fail  to  represent  to  the  government  of  the  King  of 
the  Belgians  that  all  the  interests  of  European  manufactures  and 
commerce  are  identified  with  the  promotion  of  peace  and  the  undis- 
turbed activity  of  the  American  people.  An  act  of  recognition  in 
favor  of  a  now  discontented  party  would  necessarily  tend  to  en- 
courage that  party  to  attempt  to  establish  their  separation  from  the 
Union  by  civil  war,  the  consequences  of  which  would  be  disastrous 
to  all  the  existing  systems  of  industrial  activity  in  Europe,  and 
when  once  they  had  begun,  those  consequences  would  be  likely  to 
continue  indefinitely  ;  whereas  no  nation  in  Europe  can  hope  that 
their  own   interests  would   be  as  safe  and  prosperous  under  any 


RELATIONS   WITH   GREAT   BRITAIN.  199 

change  of  government  here  as  they  are  now  and  have  so  long  been 
under  our  present  system. 

It  is  quite  manifest  already  that  differences  and  embarrassing 
questions  may  soon  arise  concerning  the  conduct  of  commerce, 
and  that  the  commercial  states  of  Europe  may  be  subjected  to 
strong  seductions  to  violate  our  revenue  laws  and  regulations. 
You  will  say  generally  on  this  subject  that  the  government  of  the 
United  States  will  expect  the  same  respect  to  those  laws  and  regu- 
lations which  has  hitherto  been  shown  and  which  our  treaties  of 
amity  and  commerce  entitle  us  to  demand,  and  that  it  will  not  hold 
itself  bound  to  favor  or  exempt  from  consequences  any  parties,  of 
whatever  nation,  who  may  violate  them.  It  does  not  at  all  distrust 
its  ability  to  maintain  them,  or  the  good  disposition  of  its  allies  to 
observe  them. 

I  shall  not  enlarge  on  these  subjects,  insomuch  as  the  phase  of 
the  whole  affair  changes  almost  daily.  The  President  willingly  ex- 
pects to  rely  on  your  astuteness  in  discovering  points  of  attack,  and 
your  practical  skill  and  experience  in  protecting  the  interests  of  the 
United  States.  He  will  expect  you,  however,  to  communicate  to 
this  Department  very  fully  and  frequently,  and  you  will  receive 
prompt  instructions  in  every  new  emergency. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

April  10,  1861.  —  Although  Great  Britain  and  the  United  States 
possess  adjacent  dominions  of  large  extent,  and  although  they  divide, 
not  very  unequally,  a  considerable  portion  of  the  commerce  of  the 
world,  yet  there  are  at  present  only  two  questions  in  debate  be- 
tween them.  One  of  these  concerns  the  line  of  boundary  running 
through  Puget  Sound,  and  involves  the  title  to  the  island  of  San 
Juan.  The  other  relates  to  a  proposition  for  extinguishing  the 
interest  of  the  Hudson  Bay  and  Puget  Sound  agricultural  com- 
panies in  the  Territory  of  Washington.  The  discussion  of  these 
questions  has  hitherto  been  carried  on  here,  and  there  is  no  neces- 
sity for  removing  it  to  London.  It  is  expected  to  proceed  amicably 
and  result  in  satisfactory  conclusions.  It  would  seem,  therefore,  on 
first  thought,  that  you  would  find  nothing  more  to  do  in  England 
than  to  observe  and  report  current  events,  and  to  cultivate  friendly 
sentiments  there  towards  the  United  States.  Nevertheless  the  pe- 
culiar condition  of  our  country  in  the  present  juncture  renders  these 
duties  a  task  of  considerable  delicacy. 


200  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

You  will  readily  understand  me  as  alluding  to  the  attempts  which 
are  being  made  by  a  misguided  portion  of  our  fellow  citizens  to 
detach  some  of  the  states  and  to  combine  them  in  a  new  organiza- 
tion under  the  name  of  the  Confederate  States  of  America.  The 
agitators  in  this  bad  enterprise,  justly  estimating  the  influence  of 
the  European  powers  upon  even  American  affairs,  do  not  mistake 
in  supposing  that  it  would  derive  signal  advantage  from  a  recog- 
nition by  any  of  those  powers,  and  especially  Great  Britain.  Your 
task,  therefore,  apparently  so  simple  and  easy,  involves  the  respon- 
sibility of  preventing  the  commission  of  an  act  by  the  government 
of  that  country  which  would  be  fraught  with  disaster,  perhaps  ruin, 
to  our  own. 

It  is  by  no  means  easy  to  give  you  instructions.  They  must  be 
based  on  a  survey  of  the  condition  of  the  country,  and  include  a 
statement  of  the  policy  of  the  government.  The  insurrectionary 
movement,  though  rapid  in  its  progress,  is  slow  in  revealing  its  per- 
manent character.  Only  outlines  of  a  policy  can  be  drawn  which 
must  largely  depend  on  uncertain  events. 

The  presidential  election  took  place  on  the  6th  of  November  last. 
The  canvass  had  been  conducted  in  all  the  southern  or  slave  states 
in  such  a  manner  as  to  prevent  a  perfectly  candid  hearing  there  of 
the  issue  involved,  and  so  all  the  parties  existing  there  were  sur- 
prised and  disappointed  in  the  marked  result.  That  disappoint- 
ment was  quickly  seized  for  desperate  purposes  by  a  class  of  persons 
until  that  time  powerless,  who  had  long  cherished  a  design  to  dis- 
member the  Union  and  build  up  a  new  confederacy  around  the 
Gulf  of  Mexico.  Ambitious  leaders  hurried  the  people  forward,  in 
a  factious  course,  observing  conventional  forms  but  violating  alto- 
gether the  deliberative  spirit  of  their  constitutions.  When  the  new 
Federal  administration  came  in  on  the  4th  of  March  last,  it  found 
itself  confronted  by  an  insurrectionary  combination  of  seven  states, 
practising  an  insidious  strategy  to  seduce  eight  other  states  into  its 
councils. 

One  needs  to  be  as  conversant  with  our  federative  system  as  per- 
haps only  American  publicists  can  be  to  understand  how  effectually, 
in  the  first  instance,  such  a  revolutionary  movement  must  demora- 
lize the  general  government.  We  are  not  only  a  nation,  but  we  are 
states  also.  All  public  officers,  as  well  as  all  citizens,  owe  not  only 
allegiance  to  the  Union  but  allegiance  also  to  the  states  in  which 


THE   NATURE   OF   DISUNION  :     ITS   PROGRESS.  201 

they  reside.  In  the  more  discontented  states  the  local  magistrates 
and  other  officers  cast  off  at  once  their  Federal  allegiance,  and  con- 
ventions were  held  which  assumed  to  absolve  their  citizens  from  the 
same  obligation.  Even  Federal  judges,  marshals,  clerks,  and  reve- 
nue officers  resigned  their  trusts.  Intimidation  deterred  loyal  per- 
sons from  accepting  the  offices  thus  rendered  vacant.  So  the  most 
important  faculties  of  the  Federal  government  in  those  states 
abruptly  ceased.  The  resigning  Federal  agents,  if  the  expression 
may  be  used,  attorned' 'to  the  revolutionary  authorities  and  delivered 
up  to  them  public  funds  and  other  property  and  possessions  of  large 
value.  The  Federal  government  had,  through  a  long  series  of 
years,  been  engaged  in  building  strong  fortifications,  a  navy  yard, 
arsenals,  mints,  treasuries,  and  other  public  edifices,  not  in  any  case 
for  use  against  those  states,  but  chiefly  for  their  protection  and  con- 
venience. These  had  been  unsuspectingly  left  either  altogether  or 
imperfectly  garrisoned  or  guarded,  and  they  fell,  with  little  resist- 
ance, into  the  hands  of  the  revolutionary  party.  A  general  officer 
of  the  army  gave  up  to  them  a  large  quantity  of  military  stores  and 
other  property,  disbanded  the  troops  under  his  command,  and  sent 
them  out  of  the  territory  of  the  disaffected  states. 

It  may  be  stated,  perhaps  without  giving  just  offence,  that  the 
most  popular  motive  in  these  discontents  was  an  apprehension  of 
designs  on  the  part  of  the  incoming  Federal  administration  hostile 
to  the  institution  of  domestic  slavery  in  the  states  where  it  is  toler- 
ated by  the  local  constitutions  and  laws.  That  institution  and  the 
class  which  especially  cherishes  it  are  not  confined  to  the  states 
which  have  revolted,  but  they  exist  in  the  eight  other  so-called 
slave  states  ;  and  these,  for  that  reason,  sympathize  profoundly  with 
the  revolutionary  movement.  Sympathies  and  apprehensions  of 
this  kind  have,  for  an  indefinite  period,  entered  into  the  bases  of 
political  parties  throughout  the  whole  country,  and  thus  consid- 
erable masses  of  persons,  whose  ultimate  loyalty  could  not  be 
doubted,  were  found,  even  in  the  free  states,  either  justifying,  ex- 
cusing, or  palliating  the  movement  towards  disunion  in  the  seceding 
states.  The  party  which  was  dominant  in  the  Federal  government 
during  the  period  of  the  last  administration  embraced,  practically, 
and  held  in  unreserved  communion,  all  disuniouists  and  sympathiz- 
ers. It  held  the  executive  administration.  The  Secretaries  of  the 
Treasury,  War,   and    the   Interior   were   disunionists.     The   same 


202  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

party  held  a  large  majority  of  the  Senate,  and  nearly  equally 
divided  the  House  of  Representatives.  Disaffection  lurked,  if  it  did 
not  openly  avow  itself,  in  every  Department  and  in  every  bureau, 
in  every  regiment  and  in  every  ship-of-war ;  in  the  post-office  and 
in  the  custom-house,  and  in  every  legation  and  consulate  from  Lon- 
don to  Calcutta.  Of  four  thousand  four  hundred  and  seventy  offi- 
cers in  the  public  service,  civil  and  military,  two  thousand  one 
hundred  and  fifty-four  were  representatives  of  states  where  the  rev- 
olutionary movement  was  openly  advocated  and  urged,  even  if  not 
actually  organized.  Our  system  being  so  completely  federative  and 
representative,  no  provision  had  ever  been  made,  perhaps  none  ever 
could  have  been  made,  to  anticipate  this  strange  and  unprece- 
dented disturbance.  The  people  were  shocked  by  successive  and 
astounding  developments  of  what  the  statute  book  distinctly  pro- 
nounced to  be  sedition  and  treason,  but  the  magistracy  was  demor- 
alized and  the  laws  were  powerless.  By  degrees,  however,  a  better 
sentiment  revealed  itself.  The  executive  administration  hesitat- 
ingly, in  part,  reformed  itself.  The  capital  was  garrisoned;  the 
new  President  came  in  unresisted,  and  soon  constituted  a  new  and 
purely  loyal  administration.  They  found  the  disunionists  persever- 
ingly'  engaged  in  raising  armies  and  laying  sieges  around  national 
fortifications  situate  within  the  territory  of  the  disaffected  states. 
The  Federal  marine  seemed  to  have  been  scattered  everywhere 
except  where  its  presence  was  necessary,  and  such  of  the  military 
forces  as  were  not  in  the  remote  states  and  territories  were  held 
back  from  activity  by  vague  and  mysterious  armistices  which  had 
been  informally  contracted  by  the  late  President,  or  under  his. 
authority,  with  a  view  to  postpone  conflict  until  impracticable  con- 
cessions to  disunion  should  be  made  by  Congress,  or  at  least  until 
the  waning  term  of  his  administration  should  reach  its  appointed 
end.  Commissioners  who  had  been  sent  by  the  new  confederacy 
were  already  at  the  capital  demanding  recognition  of  its  sovereignty 
and  a  partition  of  the  national  property  and  domain.  The  treasury, 
depleted  by  robbery  and  peculation,  was  exhausted  and  the  public 
credit  was  prostrate. 

It  would  be  very  unjust  to  the  American  people  to  suppose  that 
this  singular  and  unhappy  condition  of  things  indicated  any  extreme 
favor  or  toleration  of  the  purpose  of  a  permanent  dissolution  of  the 
Union.     On  the  contrary,  disunion  at  the  very  first  took  on  a  spe- 


THE  NATURE  OF   DISUNION  :    ITS   PROGRESS.  203 

cious  form,  and  it  afterwards  made  its  way  by  ingenious  and  seduc- 
tive devices.  It  inculcated  that  the  Union  is  a  purely  voluntary 
connection,  founded  on  the  revocable  assent  of  the  several  states ; 
that  secession,  in  the  case  of  great  popular  discontent,  would  induce 
consultation  and  reconciliation,  and  so  that  revolution,  instead  of 
being  war,  is  peace,  and  disunion,  instead  of  being  dissolution,  is  union. 
Though  the  ordinances  of  secession  in  the  seceding  states  were  car- 
ried through  impetuously,  without  deliberation,  and  even  by  ques- 
tionable majorities,  yet  it  was  plausibly  urged  that  the  citizens  who 
had  remained  loyal  to  the  Union  might  wisely  acquiesce,  so  as 
ultimately  to  moderate  and  control  the  movement,  and  in  any  event 
that  if  war  should  ensue,  it  would  become  a  war  of  sections,  and  not 
a  social  war,  of  all  others,  and  especially  in  those  states,  the  form 
of  war  most  seriously  to  be  deprecated.  It  being  assumed  that 
peaceful  separation  is  in  harmony  with  the  Constitution,  it  was 
urged  as  a  consequence  that  coercion  would,  therefore,  be  unlawful 
and  tyrannical ;  and  this  principle  was  even  pushed  so  far  as  to  make 
the  defensive  retaining  by  the  Federal  government  of  its  position 
within  the  limits  of  the  seceding  states,  or  where  it  might  seem  to 
overawe  or  intimidate  them,  an  act  of  such  forbidden  coercion. 
Thus  it  happened  that  for  a  long  time,  and  in  very  extensive  dis- 
tricts even,  fidelity  to  the  Union  manifested  itself  by  demanding  a 
surrender  of  its  powers  and  possessions,  and  compromises  with  or 
immunity  towards  those  who  were  engaged  in  overthrowing  it  by 
armed  force.  Disunion  under  these  circumstances  rapidly  matured. 
On  the  other  hand,  the  country  was  bewildered.  For  the  moment 
even  loyal  citizens  fell  naturally  into  the  error  of  inquiring  how  the 
fearful  state  of  things  had  come  about,  and  who  was  responsible  for 
it,  thus  inviting  a  continuance  of  the  controversy  out  of  which  it  had 
arisen,  rather  than  rallying  to  the  duty  of  arresting  it.  Disunion, 
sustained  only  by  passion,  made  haste  to  attain  its  end.  Union,  on 
the  contrary,  required  time,  because  it  could  only  appeal  to  reason, 
and  reason  could  not  be  heard  until  excitement  should  in  some  degree 
subside.  Military  spirit  is  an  element  always  ready  for  revolution. 
It  has  a  fuller  development  in  the  disaffected  than  in  the  loyal 
states.  Thousands  of  men  have  already  banded  themselves  as 
soldiers  in  the  cause  of  disunion,  while  the  defenders  of  the  Union, 
before  resorting  to  arms,  everywhere  wait  to  make  sure  that  it  can- 
not be  otherwise  preserved.     Even  this  cautious  and  pacific,  yet 


204  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

patriotic  disposition  has  been  misunderstood  and  perverted  by  fac- 
tion to  encourage  disunion. 

I  believe  that  I  have  thus  presented  the  disunion  movement  dis- 
passionately and  without  misrepresenting  its  proportions  or  its 
character. 

You  will  hardly  be  asked  by  responsible  statesmen  abroad  why 
the  new  administration  has  not  already  suppressed  the  revolution. 
Thirty-five  days  are  a  short  period  in  which  to  repress,  chiefly  by 
moral  means,  a  movement  which  is  so  active  while  disclosing  itself 
throughout  an  empire. 

You  will  not  be  expected  to  promulgate  this  history,  or  to  com- 
municate it  to  the  British  government,  but  you  are  entitled  to  the 
President's  views,  which  I  have  thus  set  forth  in  order  to  enable  you 
to  understand  the  policy  which  he  proposes  to  pursue,  and  to  con- 
form your  own  action  to  it. 

The  President  neither  looks  for  nor  apprehends  any  actual  and 
permanent  dismemberment  of  the  American  Union,  especially  by  a 
line  of  latitude.  The  improvement  of  our  many  channels  of  inter- 
course, and  the  perfection  of  our  scheme  of  internal  exchanges,  and 
the  incorporation  of  both  of  them  into  a  great  system  of  foreign 
commerce,  concurring  with  the  gradual  abatement  of  the  force  of  the 
only  existing  cause  of  alienation,  have  carried  us  already  beyond  the 
danger  of  disunion  in  that  form.  The  so-called  Confederate  States, 
therefore,  in  the  opinion  of  the  President,  are  attempting  what  will 
prove  a  physical  impossibility.  Necessarily  they  build  the  structure 
of  their  new  government  upon  the  same  principle  by  which  they 
seek  to  destroy  the  Union,  namely,  the  right  of  each  individual 
member  of  the  confederacy  to  withdraw  from  it  at  pleasure  and  in 
peace.  A  government  thus  constituted  could  neither  attain  the  con- 
solidation necessary  for  stability,  nor  guarantee  any  engagements  it 
might  make  with  creditors  or  other  nations.  The  movement, 
therefore,  in  the  opinion  of  the  President,  tends  directly  to  anarchy 
in  the  seceding  states,  as  similar  movements  in  similar  circum- 
stances have  already  resulted  in  Spanish  America,  and  especially  in 
Mexico.  He  believes,  nevertheless,  that  the  citizens  of  those  states, 
as  well  as  the  citizens  of  the  other  states,  are  too  intelligent,  consid- 
erate, and  wise  to  follow  the  leaders  to  that  disastrous  end.  For 
these  reasons  he  would  not  be  disposed  to  reject  a  cardinal  dogma  of 
theirs,  namely,  that  the   Federal  government  could  not  reduce  the 


THE  POLICY   OF   THE   PRESIDENT.  205 

seceding  states  to  obedience  by  conquest,  even  although  he  were  dis- 
posed to  question  that  proposition.  But,  in  fact,  the  President 
willingly  accepts  it  as  true.  Only  an  imperial  or  despotic  govern- 
ment could  subjugate  thoroughly  disaffected  and  insurrectionary 
members  of  the  state.  This  federal  republican  system  of  ours  is  of 
all  forms  of  government  the  very  one  which  is  most  unfitted  for  such 
a  labor.  Happily,  however,  this  is  only  an  imaginary  defect.  The 
system  has  within  itself  adequate,  peaceful,  conservative,  and 
recuperative  forces.  Firmness  on  the  part  of  the  government  in 
maintaining  and  preserving  the  public  institutions  and  property,  and 
in  executing  the  laws  where  authority  can  be  exercised  without 
waging  war,  combined  with  such  measures  of  justice,  moderation, 
and  forbearance  as  will  disarm  reasoning  opposition,  will  be  suffi- 
cient to  secure  the  public  safety  until  returning  reflection,  concurring 
with  the  fearful  experience  of  social  evils,  the  inevitable  fruits  of 
faction,  shall  bring  the  recusant  members  cheerfully  back  into  the 
family,  which,  after  all,  must  prove  their  best  and  happiest,  as  it 
undeniably  is  their  most  natural  home.  The  Constitution  of  the 
United  States  provides  for  that  return  by  authorizing  Congress,  on 
application  to  be  made  by  a  certain  majority  of  the  states,  to 
assemble  a  national  convention,  in  which  the  organic  law  can,  if  it 
be  needful,  be  revised  so  as  to  remove  all  real  obstacles  to  a  reunion, 
so  suitable  to  the  habits  of  the  people,  and  so  eminently  conducive 
to  the  common  safety  and  welfare. 

Keeping  that  remedy  steadily  in  view,  the  President,  on  the  one 
hand,  will  not  suffer  the  Federal  authority  to  fall  into  abeyance,  nor 
will  he,  on  the  other,  aggravate  existing  evils  by  attempts  at  coer- 
cion which  must  assume  the  form  of  direct  war  against  any  of  the 
revolutionary  states.  If,  while  he  is  pursuing  this  course,  commended 
as  it  is  by  prudence  as  well  as  patriotism,  the  scourge  of  civil  war 
for  the  first  time  in  our  history  must  fall  upon  our  country  during 
the  term  of  his  administration,  that  calamity  will  then  have  come 
through  the  agency,  not  of  the  government,  but  of  those  who  shall 
have  chosen  to  be  its  armed,  open,  and  irreconcilable  enemies ;  and 
he  will  not  suffer  himself  to  doubt  that  when  the  value  of  the  im- 
perilled Union  shall  be  brought  in  that  fearful  manner  home  to  the 
business  and  the  bosoms  of  the  American  people,  they  will,  with  an 
unanimity  that  shall  vindicate  their  wisdom  and  their  virtue,  rise 
up  and  save  it. 


206  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

It  does  not,  however,  at  all  surprise  the  President  that  the  confi- 
dence in  the  stability  of  the  Union,  which  has  been  heretofore  so 
universally  entertained,  has  been  violently  shocked  both  at  home 
and  abroad.  Surprise  and  fear  invariably  go  together.  The  period 
of  four  months  which  intervened  between  the  election  which  desig- 
nated the  head  of  the  new  administration  and  its  advent,  as  has 
already  been  shown,  assumed  the  character  of  an  interregnum,  in 
which  not  only  were  the  powers  of  the  government  paralyzed,  but 
even  its  resources  seemed  to  disappear  and  be  forgotten. 

Nevertheless,  all  the  world  know  what  are  the  resources  of  the 
United  States,  and  that  they  are  practically  unencumbered,  as 
well  as  inexhaustible.  It  would  be  easy,  if  it  would  not  seem 
invidious,  to  show  that  whatever  may  be  the  full  development  of 
the  disunion  movement,  those  resources  will  not  be  seriously  dimin- 
ished, and  that  the  revenues  and  credit  of  the  Union,  unsurpassed 
in  any  other  country,  are  adequate  to  every  emergency  that  can 
occur  in  our  own.  Nor  will  the  political  commotions  which  await 
us  sensibly  disturb  the  confidence  of  the  people  in  the  stability  of 
the  government.  It  has  been  necessary  for  us  to  learn,  perhaps  the 
instruction  has  not  come  too  soon,  that  vicissitudes  are  incident  to 
our  system  and  our  country,  as  they  are  to  all  others.  The  panic 
which  that  instruction  naturally  produced  is  nearly  past.  What  has 
hitherto  been  most  needful  for  the  reinvigoration  of  authority  is 
already  occurring.  The  aiders,  abettors,  and  sympathizers  with 
disunion,  partly  by  their  own  choice  and  partly  through  the  exercise 
of  the  public  will,  are  falling  out  from  the  civil  departments  of  the 
government  as  well  as  from  the  army  and  the  navy.  The  national 
legislature  will  no  longer  be  a  distracted  council.  Our  representa- 
tives in  foreign  courts  and  porjs  will  henceforth  speak  only  the 
language  of  loyalty  to  their  country,  and  of  confidence  in  its  institu- 
tions and  its  destiny. 

It  is  much  to  be  deplored  that  our  representatives  are  to  meet 
abroad,  agents  of  disunion,  seeking  foreign  aid,  to  effect  what,  un- 
aided, is  already  seen  to  be  desperate.  You  need  not  be  informed 
that  their  success  in  Great  Britain  would  probably  render  their 
success  easy  elsewhere.  The  President  does  not  doubt  that  you 
fully  appreciate  the  responsibility  of  your  mission.  An  honored  an- 
cestor of  yours  was  the  first  to  represent  your  whole  country,  after 
its  independence  was  established,  at  the  same  court  to  which  you 


THE  POLICY   OF   THE   PRESIDENT.  207 

now  are  accredited.  The  President  feels  assured  that  it  will  hap- 
pen through  no  want  of  loyalty  or  of  diligence  on  your  part  if  you 
are  to  be  the  last  to  discharge  that  trust.  You  will  have  this  great 
advantage,  that  from  the  hour  when  that  country,  so  dear  to  us  all, 
first  challenged  the  notice  of  nations,  until  now,  it  has  continually 
grown  in  their  sympathy  and  reverence. 

Before  considering  the  arguments  you  are  to  use,  it  is  important 
to  indicate  those  which  you  are  not  to  employ  in  executing  that 
mission  :  — 

First.  The  President  has  noticed,  as  the  whole  American  people 
have,  with  much  emotion,  the  expressions  of  good  will  and  friendship 
toward  the  United  States,  and  of  concern  for  their  present  embar- 
rassments, which  have  been  made  on  apt  occasions  by  her  Majesty 
and  her  ministers.  You  will  make  due  acknowledgment  for  these 
manifestations,  but  at  the  same  time  you  will  not  rely  on  any  mere 
sympathies  or  national  kindness.  You  will  make  no  admissions  of 
weakness  in  our  Constitution,  or  of  apprehension  on  the  part  of  the 
government.  You  will  rather  prove,  as  you  easily  can,  by  compar- 
ing the  history  of  our  country  with  that  of  other  states,  that  its  Con- 
stitution and  government  are  really  the  strongest  and  surest  which 
have  ever  been  erected  for  the  safety  of  any  people.  You  will  in  no 
case  listen  to  any  suggestions  of  compromise  by  this  government, 
under  foreign  auspices,  with  its  discontented  citizens.  If,  as  the 
President  does  not  at  all  apprehend,  you  shall  unhappily  find  her 
Majesty's  government  tolerating  the  application  of  the  so-called 
seceding  states,  or  wavering  about  it,  you  will  not  leave  them  to 
suppose  for  a  moment  that  they  can  grant  that  application  and  re- 
main the  friends  of  the  United  States.  You  may  even  assure  them 
promptly  in  that  case  that  if  they  determine  to  recognize,  they  may 
at  the  same  time  prepare  to  enter  into  alliance  with  the  enemies  of 
this  Republic.  You  alone  will  represent  your  country  at  London, 
and  you  will  represent  the  whole  of  it  there.  When  you  are  asked 
to  divide  that  duty  with  others,  diplomatic  relations  between  the 
government  of  Great  Britain  and  this  government  will  be  suspended, 
and  will  remain  so  until  it  shall  be  seen  which  of  the  two  is  most 
strongly  intrenched  in  the  confidence  of  their  respective  nations  and 
of  mankind. 

You  will  not  be  allowed,  however,  even  if  you  were  disposed,  as 
the  President  is  sure  you  will  not  be,  to  rest  your  opposition  to  the 


208  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

application  of  the  Confederate  States  on  the  ground  of  any  favor 
this  administration,  or  the  party  which  chiefly  called  it  into  exist- 
ence, proposes  to  show  to  Great  Britain,  or  claims  that  Great  Brit- 
ain ought  to  show  to  them.  You  will  not  consent  to  draw  into  de- 
bate before  the  British  government  any  opposing  moral  principles 
which  may  be  supposed  to  lie  at  the  foundation  of  the  controversy 
between  those  states  and  the  Federal  Union. 

You  will  indulge  in  no  expressions  of  harshness  or  disrespect,  or 
even  impatience,  concerning  the  seceding  states,  their  agents,  or 
their  people.  But  you  will,  on  the  contrary,  all  the  while  remember 
that  those  states  are  now,  as  they  always  heretofore  have  been,  and, 
notwithstanding  their  temporary  self-delusion,  they  must  always 
continue  to  be,  equal  and  honored  members  of  this  Federal  Union,  and 
that  their  citizens  throughout  all  political  misunderstandings  and 
alienations  still  are  and  always  must  be  our  kindi-ed  and  country- 
men. In  short,  all  your  argutnents  must  belong  to  one  of  three 
classes,  namely:  Firstly:  Arguments  drawn  from  the  principles 
of  public  law  and  natural  justice,  which  regulate  the  intercourse 
of  equal  states.  Secondly :  Arguments  which  concern  equally  the 
honor,  welfare,  and  happiness  of  the  discontented  states,  and  the 
honor,  welfare,  and  happiness  of  the  whole  Union.  Thirdly:  Argu- 
ments which  are  equally  conservative  of  the  rights  and  interests, 
and  even  sentiments  of  the  United  States,  and  just  in  their  bear- 
ing upon  the  rights,  interests,  and  sentiments  of  Great  Britain  and 
all  other  nations. 

We  freely  admit  that  a  nation  may,  and  even  ought  to,  recognize 
a  new  state  which  has  absolutely  and  beyond  question  effected  its 
independence,  and  permanently  established  its  sovereignty  ;  and  that 
a  recognition  in  such  a  case  affords  no  just  cause  of  offence  to  the 
government  of  the  country  from  which  the  new  state  has  so  de- 
tached itself.  On  the  other  hand,  we  insist  that  a  nation  which 
recognizes  a  revolutionary  state,  with  a  view  to  aid  its  effecting  its 
sovereignty  and  independence,  commits  a  great  wrong  against  the 
nation  whose  integrity  is  thus  invaded,  and  makes  itself  responsible 
for  a  just  and  ample  redress. 

I  will  not  stop  to  inquire  whether  it  may  not  sometimes  happen 
that  an  imperial  government  or  even  a  federative  one  may  not  so 
oppress  or  aggrieve  its  subjects  in  a  province  or  in  a  State  rs  to 
justify  intervention  on  the  plea  of  humanity.     Her  Majesty's  gov- 


THE  ATTITUDE   OF   GREAT   BRITAIN.  209 

ernraent,  however,  will  not  make  a  pretence  that  the  present  is  such 
a  case.  The  United  States  have  existed  under  their  present  form 
of  government  seventy  and  more  years,  and  during  all  that  time  not 
one  human  life  has  been  taken  in  forfeiture  for  resistance  to  their 
authority.  It  must  be  the  verdict  of  history  that  no  government 
so  just,  so  equal,  and  so  humane,  has  ever  elsewhere  existed.  Even 
the  present  disunion  movement  is  confessedly  without  any  better 
cause  than  an  apprehension  of  dangers  which,  from  the  very  nature 
of  the  government,  are  impossible,  and  speculations  of  aggressions 
which  those  who  know  the  physical  and  social  arrangements  of  this 
continent  must  see  at  once  are  fallacious  and  chimerical. 

The  disunionists  will,  I  am  sure,  take  no  such  ground.  They 
will  appeal,  not  to  the  justice  or  to  the  magnanimity,  but  to  the 
cupidity  and  caprice  of  Great  Britain. 

It  cannot  need  many  words  to  show  that  even  in  that  form  their 
appeal  ought  to  be  promptly  dismissed.  I  am  aware  that  the 
revenue  law  lately  passed  by  Congress  is  vehemently  denounced  in 
Great  Britain.  It  might  be  enough  to  say  on  that  subject  that  as 
the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  are  equals  in  dignity,  and  not 
unequal  in  astuteness  in  the  science  and  practice  of  political  econo- 
my, the  former  have  good  right  to  regard  only  their  own  conven- 
ience, and  consult  their  own  judgment  in  framing  their  revenue 
laws.  But  there  are  some  points  in  this  connection  which  you  may 
make  without  compromising  the  self-respect  of  this  government. 

In  the  circumstances  of  the  present  case,  it  is  clear  that  a  recog- 
nition of  the  so-called  Confederate  nations  must  be  deemed  equiva- 
lent to  a  deliberate  resolution  by  her  Majesty's  government  that 
this  American  Union,  which  has  so  long  constituted  a  sovereign 
nation,  shall  be  now  permanently  dissolved,  and  cease  to  exist  for- 
ever. The  excuse  for  this  resolution,  fraught,  if  effectual,  with 
fearful  and  enduring  consequences,  is  a  change  in  its  revenue  laws 
—  a  change  which,  because  of  its  very  nature,  as  well  as  by  reason 
of  the  ever-changing  course  of  public  sentiment,  must  necessarily 
be  temporary  and  ephemeral.  British  censors  tell  us  that  the  new 
tariff  is  unwise  for  ourselves.  If  so,  it  will  speedily  be  repealed. 
They  say  it  is  illiberal  and  injurious  to  Great  Britain.  It  cannot 
be  so  upon  her  principles  without  being  also  injurious  to  ourselves, 
and  in  that  case  it  will  be  promptly  repealed.  Besides,  there  cer- 
tainly are  other  and  more  friendly  remedies  for  foreign  legislation 
14 


210  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

that  is  injurious  without  premeditated  purpose  of  injury,  which  a 
magnanimous  government  will  try  before  it  deliberately  seeks  the 
destruction  of  the  offended  nation. 

The  application  of  the  so-called  Confederate  States,  in  the  aspect 
now  under  consideration,  assumes  that  they  are  offering,  or  will 
offer,  more  liberal  commercial  facilities  than  the  United  States  can 
or  will  be  disposed  to  concede.  Would  it  not  be  wise  for  Great 
Britain  to  wait  until  those  liberal  facilities  shall  be  definitely  fixed 
and  offered  by  the  Confederate  States,  and  then  to  wait  further  and 
see  whether  the  United  States  may  not  accord  facilities  not  less 
desirable  ? 

The  Union  of  these  states  seventy  years  ago  established  perfectly 
free  trade  between  the  several  states,  and  this,  in  effect,  is  free 
trade  throughout  the  largest  inhabitable  part  of  North  America. 
During  all  that  time,  with  occasional  and  very  brief  intervals  not 
affecting  the  result,  we  have  been  constantly  increasing  in  commer- 
cial liberality  towards  foreign  nations.  We  have  made  that  advance 
necessarily,  because  with  increasing  liberality,  we  have  at  the  same 
time,  owing  .to  controlling  causes,  continually  augmented  our  reve- 
nues and  increased  our  own  productions.  The  sagacity  of  the  British 
government  cannot  allow  it  to  doubt  that  our  natural  course  here- 
after in  this  respect  must  continue  to  be  the  same  as  heretofore. 

The  same  sagacity  may  be  trusted  to  decide,  first,  whether  the 
so-called  Confederate  States,  on  the  emergency  of  a  military  revolu- 
tion, and  having  no  other  sources  of  revenue  than  duties  on  imports 
and  exports  levied  within  the  few  ports  they  can  command  without 
a  naval  force,  are  likely  to  be  able  to  persevere  in  practising  the 
commercial  liberality  they  proffer  as  an  equivalent  for  recognition. 
Manifestly,  moreover,  the  negotiation  which  they  propose  to  open 
with  Great  Britain  implies  that  peace  is  to  be  preserved  while  the 
new  commerce  goes  on.  The  sagacity  of  her  Majesty's  government 
may  be  trusted  to  consider  whether  that  new  government  is  likely 
to  be  inaugurated  without  war,  and  whether  the  commerce  of  Great 
Britain  with  this  country  would  be  likely  to  be  improved  by  fla- 
grant war  between  the  southern  and  northern  states. 

Again,  even  a  very  limited  examination  of  commercial  statistics 
will  be  sufficient  to  show  that  while  the  staples  of  the  disaffected 
states  do,  indeed,  as  they  claim,  constitute  a  very  important  portion 
of  the  exports  of  the  United  States  to  European  countries,  a  very 


THE  ATTITUDE    OF   GKEAT  BRITAIN.  211 

large  portion  of  the  products  and  fabrics  of  other  regions  consumed 
in  those  states  are  derived,  and  must  continue  to  be  derived,  not 
from  Europe,  but  from  the  northern  states,  while  the  chief  con- 
sumption of  European  productions  and  fabrics  imported  into  the 
United  States  takes  place  in  these  same  states.  Great  Britain 
may,  if  her  government  think  best,  by  modifying  her  navigation 
laws,  ti*y  to  change  these  great  features  of  American  commerce ; 
but  it  will  require  something  more  than  acts  of  the  British  Parlia- 
ment and  of  the  proposed  revolutionary  Congress  to  modify  a  com- 
merce that  takes  its  composite  character  from  all  the  various  soils  and 
climates  of  a  continent,  as  well  as  from  the  diversified  institutions, 
customs  and  dispositions  of  the  many  communities  which  inhabit  it. 

Once  more  :  All  the  speculations  which  assume  that  the  revenue 
law  recently  passed  by  Congress  will  diminish  the  consumption  of 
foreign  fabrics  and  productions  in  the  United  States  are  entirely 
erroneous.  The  American  people  are  active,  industrious,  inventive, 
and  energetic,  but  they  are  not  penurious  or  sordid.  They  are  en- 
gaged with  wonderful  effect  in  developing  the  mineral,  forest,  agri- 
cultural and  pastoral  resources  of  a  vast  and,  practically,  new  con- 
tinent. Their  wealth,  individual  as  well  as  public,  increases  every 
day  in  a  general  sense,  irrespective  of  the  revenue  laws  of  the  United 
States,  and  every  day  also  the  habit  of  liberal  —  not  to  say  profuse 
—  expenditure  grows  upon  them.  There  are  changes  in  the  nature 
and  character  of  imported  productions  which  they  consume,  but 
practically  no  decline  in  the  quantity  and  value  of  imports. 

It  remains  to  bring  out  distinctly  a  consideration  to  which  I  have 
already  adverted.  Great  Britain  has  within  the  last  forty-five 
years  changed  character  and  purpose.  She  has  become  a  power  for 
production,  rather  than  a  power  for  destruction.  She  is  committed, 
as  it  seems  to  us,  to  a  policy  of  industry,  not  of  ambition  ;  a  policy 
of  peace,  not  of  war.  One  has  only  to  compare  her  present  domes- 
tic condition  with  that  of  any  former  period  to  see  that  this  new 
career  on  which  she  has  entered  is  as  wise  as  it  is  humane  and  be- 
neficent. Her  success  in  this  career  requires  peace  throughout  the 
civilized  world,  and  nowhere  so  much  as  on  this  continent.  Recog- 
nition by  her  of  the  so-called  Confederate  States  would  be  interven- 
tion and  war  in  this  country.  Permanent  dismemberment  of  the 
American  Union  in  consequence  of  that  intervention  would  be  per- 
petual war  —  civil  war.     The  new  Confederacy  which  in  that  case 


212  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 

Great  Britain  would  have  aided  into  existence  must,  like  any  other 
new  state,  seek  to  expand  itself  northward,  westward,  and  south- 
ward. What  part  of  this  continent  or  of  the  adjacent  islands  would 
be  expected  to  remain  in  peace  ? 

The  President  would  regard  it  as  inconsistent  with  his  habitually 
high  consideration  for  the  government  and  people  of  Great  Britain 
to  allow  me  to  dwell  longer  on  the  merely  commercial  aspects  of 
the  question  under  discussion.  Indeed  he  will  not  for  a  moment 
believe  that,  upon  consideration  of  merely  financial  gain,  that  gov- 
ernment could  be  induced  to  lend  its  aid  to  a  revolution  designed  to 
overthrow  the  institutions  of  this  country,  and  involving  ultimately 
the  destruction  of  the  liberties  of  the  American  people. 

To  recognize  the  independence  of  a  new  state,  and  so  favor,  possi- 
bly determine,  its  admission  into  the  family  of  nations,  is  the  highest 
possible  exercise  of  sovereign  power,  because  it  affects  in  any  case 
the  welfare  of  two  nations,  and  often  the  peace  of  the  world.  In 
the  European  system  this  power  is  now  seldom  attempted  to  be 
exercised  without  invoking  a  consultation  or  congress  of  nations. 
That  system  has  not  been  extended  to  this  continent.  But  there  is 
even  a  greater  necessity  for  prudence  in  such  cases  in  regard  to 
American  states  than  in  regard  to  the  nations  of  Europe.  A  revo- 
lutionary change  of  dynasty,  or  even  a  disorganization  and  recom- 
bination of  one  or  many  states,  therefore,  do  not  long  or  deeply 
affect  the  general  interests  of  society,  because  the  ways  of  trade  and 
habits  of  society  remain  the  same.  But  a  radical  change  effected 
in  the  political  combinations  existing  on  the  continent,  followed,  as 
it  probably  would  be,  by  moral  convulsions  of  incalculable  magni- 
tude, would  threaten  the  stability  of  society  throughout  the  world. 

Humanity  has  indeed  little  to  hope  for  if  it  shall,  in  this  age  of 
high  improvement,  be  decided  without  a  trial  that  the  principle  of 
international  law  which  regards  nations  as  moral  persons,  bound  so 
to  act  as  to  do  to  each  other  the  least  injury  and  the  most  good,  is 
merely  an  abstraction  too  refined  to  be  reduced  into  practice  by  the 
enlightened  nations  of  western  Europe.  Seen  in  the  light  of  this 
principle,  the  several  nations  of  the  earth  constitute  one  great  Fed- 
eral Republic.  When  one  of  them  casts  its  suffrages  for  the  admis- 
sion of  a  new  member  into  that  Republic,  it  ought  to  act  under  a 
profound  sense  of  moral  obligation,  and  be  governed  by  considera- 
tions as  pure,  disinterested,  and  elevated,  as  the  general  interest  of 
society  and  the  advancement  of  human  nature. 


PROBABLE  BRITISH  NON-RECOGNITION.  213 

The  British  empire  itself  is  an  aggregation  of  divers  communi- 
ties which  cover  a  large  portion  of  the  earth,  and  embrace  one  fifth 
of  its  entire  population.  Some,  at  least,  of  these  communities  are 
held  to  their  places  in  that  system  by  bonds  as  fragile  as  the  obliga- 
tions of  our  own  Federal  Union.  The  strain  will  some  time  come 
which  is  to  try  the  strength  of  these  bonds,  though  it  will  be  of  a 
different  kind  from  that  which  is  trying  the  cords  of  our  confed- 
eration. Would  it  be  wise  for  her  Majesty's  government,  on  this 
occasion,  to  set  a  dangerous  precedent,  or  provoke  retaliation  ?  If 
Scotland  and  Ireland  are  at  last  reduced  to  quiet  contentment,  has 
Great  Britain  no  dependency,  island,  or  province  left  exposed  along 
the  whole  circle  of  her  empire,  from  Gibraltar  through  the  West  In- 
dies and  Canada  till  it  begins  again  on  the  southern  extremity  of 
Africa? 

The  President  will  not  dwell  on  the  pleasing  recollection  that 
Great  Britain,  not  yet  a  year  ago,  manifested  by  marked  attention 
to  the  United  States  her  desire  for  a  cordial  reunion  which,  all  an- 
cient prejudices  and  passions  being  buried,  should  be  a  pledge  of 
mutual  interest  and  sympathy  forever  thereafter.  The  United 
States  are  not  indifferent  to  the  circumstances  of  common  descent, 
language,  customs,  sentiments,  and  religion,  which  recommend  a 
closer  sympathy  between  themselves  and  Great  Britain  than  either 
might  expect  in  its  intercourse  with  any  other  nation.  The  United 
States  are  one  of  many  nations  which  have  sprung  from  Great 
Britain  herself.  Other  such  nations  are  rising  up  in  various  parts 
of  the  globe.  It  has  been  thought  by  many  who  have  studied  the 
philosophy  of  modern  history  profoundly,  that  the  success  of  the 
nations  thus  deriving  their  descent  from  Great  Britain  might, 
through  many  ages,  reflect  back  upon  that  kingdom  the  proper 
glories  of  its  own  great  career.  The  government  and  people  of 
Great  Britain  may  mistake  their  commercial  interests,  but  they 
cannot  become  either  unnatural  or  indifferent  to  the  impulses  of  an 
undying  ambition  to  be  distinguished  as  the  leaders  of  the  nations  in 
the  ways  of  civilization  and  humanity. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Burlingame. 

April  13, 1861.  —  It  seems  to  me  that  our  mission  to  Austria  has 
not  been  made  as  useful  hitherto  as  it  ought  to  have  been.  I  think, 
indeed,  that  it  has  generally  been  undervalued.     The  causes  for 


214  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

this  are  manifest.  We  are  a  commercial  people,  and  of  course  cul- 
tivate acquaintance  first  and  chiefly  with  other  commercial  nations. 
Situated  on  a  long  Atlantic  coast,  and  confronting  on  the  opposite 
shore  the  commercial  countries  from  whence  our  population  was 
first  and  principally  derived,  we  have  naturally  fallen  into  relations 
with  them  of  the  most  intimate  kind.  Austria  is  distant,  and  it  has 
never  been  a  maritime  nation. 

To  go  no  further  in  the  review  of  its  history  than  1815,  the  Aus- 
trian government  has  been  that  one  of  the  great  European  powers 
which  has  maintained  more  studiously,  firmly,  and  persistently  than 
any  other,  the  principles  of  unlimited  monarchy,  so  opposite  in 
their  character  to  the  principles  upon  which  our  own  government 
has  been  established. 

Again,  Austria  is  not  an  unique  country  with  a  homogeneous 
people.  It  is  a  combination  of  kingdoms,  duchies,  provinces,  and 
countries,  added  to  each  other  by  force,  and  subjected  to  an  impe- 
rial head,  but  remaining  at  the  same  time  diverse,  distinct,  and  dis- 
cordant. The  empire  is  therefore  largely  destitute  of  that  element 
of  nationality  which  is  essential  to  the  establishment  of  free  inter- 
course with  remote  foreign  states.  This  absence  of  nationality  is 
observable  in  the  Austrian  emigration  to  the  United  States.  We 
meet  everywhere  here,  in  town  and  country,  Italians,  Hungarians, 
Poles,  Magyars,  Jews,  and  Germans,  who  have  come  to  us  from 
that  empire,  but  no  one  has  ever  seen  a  confessed  Austrian  among 
us.  So  when  a  traveller  visits  Austria  he  passes  through  dis- 
tinctly marked  countries,  whose  people  call  themselves  by  many 
different  names,  but  none  of  them  indicative  of  their  relation  to  the 
empire. 

Our  representatives  at  Vienna  seem  generally  to  have  come,  after 
a  short  residence  there,  to  the  conclusion  that  there  was  nothing 
for  them  to  do  and  little  for  them  to  learn.  .  .  . 

The  President  expects  that  you  will  be  diligent  in  obtaining  not 
only  information  about  political  events,  but  also  commercial  and  even 
scientific  facts,  and  in  reporting  them  to  this  Department.  Austria 
is  an  interesting  field  for  improvement  of  that  kind.  Although  Lom- 
bardy,  with  other  Italian  provinces,  has  recently  been  lost,  yet  the  em- 
pire still  lias  a  population  little  inferior  in  number  to  our  own  ;  and 
though  there  are  some  nations  whose  people  are  more  mercurial, 
there  is  no  one  in  the  whole  world  whose  inhabitants  are  more  in- 


AUSTRIA.  215 

dustrious,  frugal,  cheerful,  and  comfortable ;  none  in  which  agricul- 
ture derives  more  wealth  from  hard  soils  and  ungenial  skies ;  none 
where  science,  art,  and  taste  mingle  so  perfectly  with  public  and 
private  economy.  An  undue  portion  of  the  country  is  mountain: 
ous.  It  has,  nevertheless,  a  richness  and  variety  of  mineral  and 
vegetable  wealth  unequalled  in  any  other  part  of  Europe.  Many 
of  its  productions  could,  if  introduced  more  freely,  find  a  ready  con- 
sumption here,  while,  on  the  other  hand,  we  could  supply  Austria 
with  materials  and  provisions  which  are  now  at  greater  cost  received 
by  her  from  other  countries.  Many  of  the  Austrian  productions 
and  fabrics  which  we  do  receive  come  to  us  through  the  hands  of 
merchants  in  other  European  states. 

The  insignificance  of  our  commerce  with  Austria  results  in  a  large 
degree  from  her  policy  of  taxing  exports  as  well  as  imports,  and 
from  monopolies,  by  which  she  labors  to  create  a  national  system  of 
navigation.  The  subject  is  one  of  great  interest,  and  you  can 
render  an  important  service  probably  to  both  countries  by  applying 
yourself  to  an  examination  of  it  with  a  view  to  the  negotiation  of  a 
more  liberal  treaty  than  the  one  now  in  force. 

Just  now  a  pressure  upon  this  Department,  incidental  to  the  be- 
ginning of  a  new  administration,  renders  it  impossible  for  me  to 
descend  into  the  details  which  must  be  considered  in  this  connec- 
tion. It  is,  however,  a  purpose  of  the  President  that  the  subject 
shall  be  thoroughly  investigated,  and  you  will  in  due  time  be  fully 
instructed.  In  the  mean  while  you  are  authorized  to  communicate 
his  disposition  in  this  respect  to  the  government  of  his  Imperial 
Royal  Majesty,  and  to  ascertain,  if  possible,  whether  it  would  be 
willing  to  enter  into  a  revision  of  the  commercial  arrangements  now 
existing  between  the  two  nations. 

The  President  is  well  aware  that  the  government  of  Austria  is 
naturally  preoccupied  with  political  questions  of  great  moment.  It" 
must  be  confessed,  also,  that  painful  events  occurring  among  our- 
selves have  a  tendency  to  withdraw  our  thoughts  from  commercial 
subjects.  But  it  is  not  to  be  doubted,  in  the  first  place,  that  politi- 
cal embarrassments  would  in  both  countries  be  essentially  relieved  by 
any  improvement  of  their  commerce  which  could  be  made  ;  and,  sec- 
ondly, that  the  greater  those  embarrassments  are  the  more  merit 
there  will  be  in  surmounting  them  so  far  as  may  be  necessary  to 
effect  that  improvement.     It  certainly  is  not  the  intention  of  the 


216  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

President  that  the  progress  in  material  and  social  improvement 
which  this  country  has  been  making  through  so  many  years  shall 
be  arrested  or  hindered  unnecessarily  by  the  peculiar  political  trials 
to  which  it  seems  likely  to  be  subjected  during  the  term  for  which 
he  has  been  called  to  conduct  the  administration  of  its  affairs. 

There  is  a  peculiar  fitness  in  efforts  at  this  time  to  enlarge 
our  trade  in  the  Mediterranean,  for  it  is  never  wise  to  neglect 
advantages  which  can  be  secured  with  small  expense,  and  near  at 
home,  while  prosecuting  at  great  cost,  as  we  are  doing,  great  enter- 
prises in  remoter  parts  of  the  world.  I  would  not  overlook  Italy, 
Germany,  and  Hungary,  while  reaching  forth  for  the  trade  of  China 
and  Japan. 

I  shall  allude  to  political  affairs  in  Austria  only  so  far  as  is  neces- 
sary to  enable  me  to  indicate  the  policy  which  the  President  will 
pursue  in  regard  to  them.  They  present  to  us  the  aspect  of  an 
ancient  and  very  influential  power,  oppressed  with  fiscal  embarrass- 
ments, the  legacy  of  long  and  exhausting  wars,  putting  forth  at  one 
and  the  same  time  efforts  for  material  improvement,  and  still 
mightier  ones  to  protect  its  imperfectly  combined  dominion  from 
dismemberment  and  disintegration,  seriously  menaced  from  without, 
aided  by  strong  and  intense  popular  passions  within.  With  these 
questions  the  government  of  the  United  States  has  and  can  have  no 
concern.  In  the  intercourse  of  nations  each  must  be  assumed  by 
every  other  to  choose  and  will  what  it  maintains,  tolerates,  or 
allows.  Any  other  than  a  course  of  neutrality  would  tend  to  keep 
human  society  continually  embroiled  in  wars,  and  render  national 
independence  everywhere  practically  impossible.  No  institutions 
which  can  be  established  in  a  country  through  foreign  intervention 
can  give  to  it  security  or  other  advantages  equal  to  those  which  are 
afforded  by  the  system  it  establishes  or  permits  for  itself;  while 
every  nation  must  be  regarded  as  a  moral  person,  and  so  amenable 
to  the  public  opinion  of  mankind,  that  opinion  can  carry  its  decrees 
into  effect  only  by  peaceful  means  and  influences.  These  princi- 
ples, hitherto  practised  by  the  United  States  with  great  imparti- 
ality, furnish  rules  for  the  conduct  of  their  representatives  abroad, 
and  especially  for  your  own  in  the  critical  condition  of  political 
affairs  in  the  country  to  which  you  are  accredited. 

This  intimation  is  given  so  distinctly  because  an  observance  of  it 
is  peculiarly  important  in  the  present  condition  of  our  domestic 


DISUNION   INFLUENCES   IN   EUEOPE.  217 

affairs.  We  are  just  entering  on  a  fearful  trial,  hitherto  not  only 
unknown,  but  even  deemed  impossible  by  all  who  have  not  been 
supposed  to  regard  the  career  of  our  country,  even  under  auspicious 
indications,  with  morbid  distrust. 

Ambitious  and  discontented  partisans  have  raised  the  standard 
of  insurrection  and  organized  in  form  a  revolutionary  government. 
Their  agents  have  gone  abroad  to  seek,  under  the  name  of  recogni- 
tion, aid  and  assistance.  In  this  case  imprudence  on  our  part  in  our 
intercourse  with  foreign  nations  might  provoke  injurious,  possibly 
dangerous,  retaliation. 

The  President  does  not  by  any  means  apprehend  that  the  impe- 
rial royal  government  at  Vienna  will  be  inclined  to  listen  to  those 
overtures.  The  habitual  forbearance  of  his  "Majesty,  the  friendship 
which  happily  has  always  existed  between  the  two  countries,  and 
the  prudence  which  the  government  of  the  former  has  so  long  prac- 
tised in  regard  to  political  affairs  on  this  continent,  forbid  any  such 
apprehension. 

Should  our  confidence  in  this  respect,  however,  prove  to  be  erro- 
neous, the  remarks  which  I  shall  have  occasion  to  make  with  a  dif- 
ferent view  in  this  paper  will  furnish  you  with  the  grounds  on  which 
to  stand  while  resisting  and  opposing  any  such  application  of  the  so- 
called  Confederate  States  of  America. 

Vienna,  as  you  are  very  well  aware,  is  a  political  centre  in  conti- 
nental Europe.  You  may  expect  to  meet  agents  of  disunion  there 
seeking  to  mould  public  opinion  for  effect  elsewhere. 

I  will  not  detain  you  with  a  history  of  that  reckless  movement,  or 
with  details  of  the  President's  policy  in  regard  to  it.  Your  experi- 
ence as  a  prominent  member  of  Congress  has  already  furnished  the 
former.  The  inaugural  address  of  the  President,  with  despatches  to 
your  predecessor,  will  be  found  in  the  archives  of  the  legation,  and 
will  supply  the  latter. 

Certainly  I  shall  not  need  to  anticipate  and  controvert  any  com- 
plaints of  injustice,  oppression,  or  wrong,  which  those  agents  may 
prefer  against  their  country  before  foreign  tribunals.  Practically, 
the  discontented  party  itself  administered  this  government  from 
the  earliest  day  when  sedition  began  its  incubation  until  the  insur- 
gents had  risen  and  organized  their  new  provisional  and  revolution- 
ary government.  Never,  in  the  history  of  the  human  race,  has 
revolution  been  so  altogether  without  cause,  or  met  with  forbear- 
ance, patience,  and  gentleness  so  long. 


218  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Nor  shall  I  notice  particularly  the  apprehensions  of  future  injus- 
tice and  oppression  which,  in  the  absence  of  real  cause,  are  put 
forth  as  grounds  for  the  insurrection.  The  revolutionists  will  find 
it  very  hard  to  make  any  European  sovereign,  or  even  any  Euro- 
pean subject,  understand  what  better  or  further  guarantee  they 
could  have  of  all  their  rights  of  person  and  property  than  those 
which  are  written  in  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  and 
which  have  never  been  by  the  government  of  the  United  States 
broken  or  violated  either  in  letter  or  in  spirit.  They  will  find  it 
quite  as  difficult  to  make  either  a  European  sovereign  or  subject  un- 
derstand how  they  can  reasonably  expect  to  improve  their  political 
security  by  organizing  a  new  government  under  a  constitution  con- 
taining substantially  the  same  provisions  as  the  one  they  seek  to 
pver  throw. 

There  is  reason  to  apprehend  that  the  form  of  argument  which 
the  agents  alluded  to  will  chiefly  employ  will  be  an  assumption  that 
the  independence  and  sovereignty  of  the  new  and  irregular  authority 
they  represent  is  already  de  facto  established. 

If  this  were  true,  still  you  could  reply  that  no  public  interest  of 
other  states,  nor  even  any  such  interest  of  the  new  Confederacy 
itself  could  suffer  by  a  delay  allowing  sufficient  time  for  the  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States,  fully  consulting  the  people,  to  acknowl- 
edge in  the  first  instance  the  independence  so  claimed  to  have  been 
established.  The  United  States  have  a  right  to  require  such  delay 
from  all  friendly  powers,  and  a  refusal  of  it  would  be  an  act  offen- 
sive to  their  dignity  and  manifestly  hostile.  There  is  not  the  least 
ground  to  assume  that  the  government  of  the  United  States  would 
act  otherwise  than  wisely,  discreetly,  and  humanely,  when  it  should 
come  to  act  in  such  a  case.  Individual  caprice  finds  no  place  in  a 
government  so  entirely  popular  as  ours,  and  partisan  excitement 
sinks  in  great  national  emergencies  here  before  the  calm  considerate 
judgment  of  the  American  people  pronouncing  upon  considerations 
exclusively  of  their  own  security,  freedom,  and  happiness.  They 
would,  indeed;  regard  the  effectual  dismemberment  of  the  Union  as 
fatal  to  the  highest  hopes  which  humanity  has  ever,  with  apparent 
reason,  indulged.  But  they  are  not  visionary  nor  impracticable, 
and  they  will  not  lack  even  the  magnanimity  to  accept  the  fact  of 
their  ruin,  and  govern  themselves  in  conformity  with  it  before  other 
nations  fraternally  disposed  need  to  intervene  to  reconcile  them,  or, 
if  unfriendly,  to  profit  by  that  last  calamity. 


DISUNION    INFLUENCES  IN   EUROPE.  219 

At  all  events  foreign  governments  may  be  expected  to  consult 
their  own  interests  and  welfare  in  regard  to  the  subject  in  question, 
even  though  indifferent  to  the  rights  and  interests  of  the  United 
States.  A  premature  declaration  of  recognition  by  any  foreign 
state  would  be  direct  intervention,  and  the  state  which  should 
lend  it  must  be  prepared  to  assume  the  relations  of  an  ally  of 
the  projected  Confederacy  and  employ  force  to  render  the  recogni- 
tion effectual. 

But,  in  point  of  fact,  the  assumption  that  the  new  Confederacy 
has  established  its  sovereignty  and  independence  is  altogether  un- 
founded. It  was  projected,  or  favored,  by  the  late  administration 
during  the  four  months  that  it  remained  in  power  after  the  election, 
which  constituted  practically  an  interregnum.  The  new  administra- 
tion, now  only  forty  days  old,  has  practised  forbearance  and  concil- 
iation, relying  hitherto,  as  it  will  hereafter  rely,  on  the  virtue  and 
patriotism  of  the  people  to  rescue  the  country  and  the  Union  from 
danger  by  peaceful  and  constitutional  means,  and  content  to  main- 
tain the  authority  and  defend  the  positions  which  came  into  its 
hands  on  the  4th  of  March  last,  without  employing  coercion,  so  un- 
natural, and,  as  it  has  hitherto  believed  and  still  believes,  so  unnec- 
essary for  the  natural  security,  integrity,  and  weffare.  The  so-called 
Confederacy  has  yet  to  secure  its  sovereignty  either  by  war  or  by 
peace.  If  it  shall,  as  now  seems  probable,  have  determined  on  war, 
it  has  only  just  thrown  down  the  challenge.  It  must  not  assume 
that  a  nation  so  sound,  so  vigorous,  and  so  strong  as  this,  although 
it  may  forbear  long,  will  not  accept  such  a  challenge  when  there 
is  no  alternative. 

The  government  of  the  so-called  Confederate  States  have  still 
greater  perils  to  incur  if  they  are  to  establish  their  separation  by 
the  acts  and  processes  proper  for  peace.  They  will  have  at  some 
time  to  refer  themselves  and  all  their  action  to  an  intelligent  people, 
who  will  then  have  had  time  to  reflect  and  to  inquire  what  all  this 
revolution  is  for,  and  what  good  it  can  produce.  They  will  have  to 
satisfy  that  people  and  mankind  that  a  republican  government  can 
be  stable  and  permanent  which  is  built  on  the  principle  that  a  mi- 
nority, when  defeated  in  the  popular  elections,  may  appeal  to  arms, 
and  that  a  Confederacy  can  be  relied  upon  by  creditors  or  nations 
that  admits  the  right  of  each  of  its  members  to  withdraw  from  it 
and  cast  off  its  obligations  at  pleasure. 


220  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

I  have  treated  the  subject  as  if  it  were  a  question  of  war  or  of 
peace  in  the  election  of  the  insurrectionists.  But,  in  truth,  both  the 
justice  and  the  wisdom  of  the  war  must  in  the  end  be  settled,  as  all 
questions  which  concern  the  American  people  must  be  determined, 
not  by  arms,  but  by  suffrage.  When,  at  last,  the  ballot  is  to  be 
employed  after  the  sword,  then,  in  addition  to  the  pregnant  ques- 
tions I  have  indicated,  two  further  ones  will  arise  requiring  to  be 
answered,  namely,  which  party  began  the  conflict,  and  which  main- 
tained in  that  conflict  the  cause  of  freedom  and  humanity. 

The  agents  of  the  projected  Confederacy  have  hitherto  affected  to 
undervalue  the  power  which  the  Union  can  exercise  for  self-preser- 
vation, and  they  may  attempt  to  mislead  foreign  states  on  this 
subject.  It  is  true  that  the  government  was  powerless  to  resist  them 
so  long  as  it  was  practically  in  their  own  hands  and  managed  to 
favor  their  designs.  Its  executive  department  was  panic-stricken, 
its  legislature  divided  and  distracted,  its  army  demoralized  and 
betrayed,  its  fortifications  virtually  surrendered,  its  navy  dispersed, 
and  its  credit  prostrated.  Even  the  people  themselves  were  bewil- 
dered by  the  sudden  appearance  of  such  unlooked-for  and  appalling 
dangers.  All  this  demoralization  is  passing  away  as  rapidly  as  it 
came  on  ;  and  it  will  soon  appear  in  this,  as  in  all  other  cases,  that 
the  greatest  vigor  is  found  combined' with  the  greatest  power  of 
elasticity.  It  will  be  deeply  to  be  regretted  if  the  energy  of  this 
great  government  is  to  have  its  first  serious  trial  in  a  civil  war, 
instead  of  one  against  a  foreign  foe.  But  if  that  trial  cannot  be 
averted,  it  will  be  seen  that  resources  prudently  left  unembarrassed 
are  more  available  than  credit  in  foreign  markets  ;  that  the  loyalty 
of  a  brave  and  free  people  is  more  reliable  than  standing  armies ; 
that  a  good  cause  is  worth  more  than  allies,  and  self-defence  is  an 
attribute  stronger  than  fortresses.  Its  assailants  will  have  to  defend 
themselves  before  an  enlightened  people,  and  even  before  other 
nations,  at  least  so  far  as  to  show  one  state  that  the  Federal  Union 
has  actually  oppressed  or  menaced,  or  one  citizen  who  fared  the 
worse  for  having  lived  under  its  authority. 

The  agents  of  the  new  Confederacy  it  is  supposed  will  offer  more 
favorable  conditions  to  foreign  commerce  than  the  United  States 
have  thought  it  wise  to  afford.  Such  offers  may  be  met  with  a  few 
direct  propositions.  The  sagacity  of  the  Federal  government  is  not 
likely  to  be  found  long  at  fault  in  giving  such  advantages  to  the  in- 


EEBELLION   COMMENCED.  221 

surrectionists.  In  the  second  place,  how  is  a  revolution  to  be  carried 
on  without  taxes  ?  Are  the  so-called  seceding  states  abler  than  their 
sister  states  to  endure  direct  taxation,  or  will  faction  reconcile  men 
to  burdens  that  patriotism  finds  intolerable  ?  It  will  be  well  for  the 
so-called  Confederacy  if,  instead  of  making  good  the  promises  in  this 
respect  made  in  its  name,  it  do  not  find  itself  obliged  to  levy  duties 
as  large  as  those  of  the  Federal  government  on  imports,  and  to  add 
to  its  revenue  system,  what  that  government  never  has  done,  the 
ruinous  feature  of  taxation  upon  exports.  It  is  easily  seen  how 
little  such  a  financial  policy  will  commend  the  new  government  to 
the  favor  of  European  politicians  and  capitalists. 

But  I  must  draw  these  instructions  to  a  close.  You  will  on  all 
occasions  represent  that  the  interests  of  Europe  and  of  mankind 
demand  peace,  and  especially  peace  on  this  continent.  The  Union 
is  the  only  guarantee  of  peace.  Intervention  would  be  war,  and 
disunion  would  be  only  endless  war. 

The  Union  is,  moreover,  the  chief  security  for  the  stability  of  na- 
tions. When  this  experiment  of  self-government  shall  have  failed 
for  want  of  wisdom  and  virtue  enough,  either  at  home  or  abroad,  to 
preserve  it  or  permit  it  to  exist,  the  people  of  other  countries  may 
well  despair  and  lose  the  patience  they  have  practised  so  long  under 
different  systems  in  the  expectation  that  the  influence  it  was  slowly 
exercising  would  ultimately  bring  them  to  the  enjoyment  of  the 
rights  of  self-government.  When  that  patience  disappears,  anarchy 
must  come  upon  the  earth. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

April  22,  1861. —  Sir:  You  enter  a  very  important  foreign 
mission  at  a  moment  when  our  domestic  affairs  have  reached  a  cri- 
sis which  awakens  deep  solicitude.  Throughout  a  period  of  eighty 
years  law  and  order  have  prevailed,  and  internal  peace  and  tran- 
quility have  been  undisturbed.  Five  months  ago  sedition  showed 
itself  openly  in  several  of  the  southern  states,  and  it  has  acted  ever 
since  that  time  with  boldness,  skill,  and  energy.  An  insurrection- 
ary government,  embracing  seven  members  of  this  Union,  has  been 
proclaimed  under  the  name  of  the  Confederate  States  of  America. 
That  pretended  authority,  by  means  chiefly  of  surprise,  easily  seen 
here  to  have  been  unavoidable,  although  liable  to  be  misunderstood 
abroad,  has  possessed  itself  of  a  navy  yard,  several  fortifications  and 


222  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

arsenals,  and  considerable  quantities  of  arms,  ordnance,  and  military 
stores.  On  the  12th  of  April,  instant,  its  forces  commenced  an 
attack  upon,  and  ultimately  carried,  Fort  Sumter,  against  the  brave 
and  heroic  resistance  of  a  diminutive  garrison,  which  had  been, 
through  the  neglect  of  the  former  administration,  left  in  a  condition 
to  prevent  supplies  and  reinforcements. 

Owing  to  the  very  peculiar  construction  of  our  system,  the  late 
administration,  Congress,  and  every  other  department  of  the  Federal 
government,  including  the  army  and  the  navy,  contained  agents, 
abettors,  and  sympathizers  in  this  insurrection.  The  Federal  au- 
thorities thus  became  inefficient,  while  large  portions  of  the  people 
were  bewildered  by  the  suddenness  of  the  appearance  of  disunion, 
by  apprehension  that  needless  resistance  might  aggravate  and  pre- 
cipitate the  movement,  and  by  political  affinities  with  those  engaged 
in  it. 

The  project  of  dismembering  the  Union  doubtless  has  some  sup- 
port in  commercial  and  political  ambition.  But  it  is  chiefly  based 
upon  a  local,  though  widely  extended  partisan  disappointment  in 
the  result  of  the  recent  election  of  President  of  the  United  States. 
It  acquired  strength  for  a  time  from  its  assumed  character  of  legiti- 
mate opposition  to  a  successful  party,  while,  on  the  other  hand,  that 
party  could  not  all  at  once  accept  the  fact  that  an  administrative 
political  issue  had  given  place  to  one  which  involved  the  very  exist- 
ence of  the  government  and  of  the  Union.  These  embarrassments 
are  passing  away  so  rapidly  as  to  indicate  that  far  the  greater  mass 
of  the  people  remain  loyal  as  heretofore.  The  President  improved 
the  temporary  misfortune  of  the  fall  of  Fort  Sumter  by  calling  on 
the  militia  of  the  states  to  reinforce  the  Federal  army,  and  summon- 
ing Congress  for  its  counsel  and  aid  in  the  emergency.  On  the 
other  hand,  the  insurrectionists  have  met  those  measures  with  an 
invitation  to  privateers  from  all  lands  to  come  forth  and  commit 
depredations  on  the  commerce  of  the  country. 

To  take  care  that  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Emperor  of 
France  do  not  misunderstand  our  position,  and  through  that  misun- 
derstanding do  us  some  possible  wrong,  is  the  chief  duty  which  you 
will  have  to  perform  at  Paris. 

It  would  have  been  gratifying  to  the  President  if  the  movements 
to  which  I  have  alluded  had  taken  such  a  course  as  to  leave  this 
government  free  from  the  necessity  in  any  event  of  conferring  upon 


SYMPATHY   CLAIMED   FROM   PRANCE.  223 

them  in  the  presence  of  foreign  powers.  In  this  age  of  social  devel- 
opment, however,  isolation  even  in  misfortune  is  impossible,  and 
every  attempt  at  revolution  in  one  country  becomes  a  subject  of 
discussion  in  every  other.  The  agitators  in  this  case,  have,  perhaps, 
not  unnaturally  carried  their  bad  cause  before  foreign  states  by  an 
appeal  for  recognition  of  the  independence  they  have  proclaimed, 
and  which  they  are  committed  to  establish  by  arms.  Prudence 
requires  that  we  oppose  that  appeal.  The  President  believes  that 
you  will  be  able  to  do  this  in  such  a  manner  as  will  at  once  comport 
with  the  high  consideration  for  his  Imperial  Majesty  which  this  gov- 
ernment habitually  entertains,  and  a  due  sense  of  the  dignity  and 
honor  of  the  American  people. 

The  Emperor  of  France  has  given  abundant  proofs  that  he  con- 
siders the  people  in  every  country  the  rightful  source  of  all  authori- 
ty, and  that  its  only  legitimate  objects  are  their  safety,  freedom,  and 
welfare.  He  is  versed  in  our  Constitution,  and,  therefore,  he  will 
not  need  demonstration  that  the  system  which  is  established  by  the 
Constitution  is  founded  strictly  on  those  very  principles.  You  will 
be  at  no  loss  to  show  also  that  it  is  perfectly  adapted  to  the  physical 
condition  and  the  temper,  spirit,  and  habits  of  the  American  people. 
In  all  its  essential  features  it  is  the  same  system  which  was  first 
built,  and  has  since  existed  with  ever  renewed  popular  consent  in 
this  part  of  America.  The  people  of  this  country  have  always 
enjoyed  the  personal  rights  guaranteed  by  the  great  statutes  of 
British  freedom,  representation  concurrent  with  taxation,  jury  trial, 
liberty  of  conscience,  equality  before  the  laws,  and  popular  suffrage. 
The  element  of  federation  or  union  was  early  developed  while  the 
colonies  were  under  the  authority  of,  and  during  their  revolutionary 
contest  with,  the  British  Crown,  and  was  perfected  afterwards  by 
the  establishment  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  Practi- 
cally it  has  been  voluntarily  accepted  by  every  state,  territory,  and 
individual  citizen  of  the  United  States.  The  working  of  tire  system 
has  been  completely  successful,  while  not  one  square  mile  of  domain 
that  we  at  any  time  had  occupied  has  ever  been  lost  to  us.  We 
have  extended  our  jurisdiction  from  the  St.  Mary's  River  to  the  Rio 
Grande,  on  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  and  in  a  wide  belt  from  the  Missis- 
sippi to  the  Pacific  ocean.  Our  population  has  swollen  from  four 
millions  to  thirty-one  millions.  The  number  of  our  states  has 
increased  from  thirteen  to  thirty-four.     Our  country  has  risen  from 


224  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

insignificance  to  be  the  second  in  the  world.  Leaving  out  of  view 
unimportant  local  instances  of  conflict,  we  have  had  only  two  for- 
eign wars,  and  the  aggregate  duration  of  them  was  less  than  five 
years.  Not  one  human  life  has  hitherto  been  forfeited  for  disloyalty 
to  the  government,  nor  has  martial  law  ever  been  established  except 
temporarily  in  case  of  invasion.  No  other  people  have  ever  enjoyed 
so  much  immunity  from  the  various  forms  of  political  casualties  and 
calamities. 

While  there  is  not  now,  even  in  the  midst  of  the  gathering  excite- 
ment of  civil  war,  one  American  who  declares  his  dissent  from  the 
principles  of  the  Constitution,  that  great  charter  of  Federal  authority 
has  won  the  approbation  of  the  civilized  world.  Many  nations  have 
taken  it  as  a  model,  and  almost  every  other  one  has  in  some  degree 
conformed  its  institutions  to  the  principles  of  this  Constitution. 
The  empire  of  France,  and  the  new  kingdom  of  Italy  especially,  are 
built  on  the  same  broad  foundation  with  that  of  this  Federal  Repub- 
lic, namely,  universal  suffrage. 

Surely  we  cannot  err  in  assuming  that  a  system  of  government 
which  arose  out  of  the  free  consent  of  the  people  of  this  country, 
which  has  been  often  reconsidered  and  yet  continually  upheld  in 
preference  to  every  other  throughout  a  period  of  two  hundred  years, 
which  has  commanded  the  acceptance  or  the  approval  of  all  other 
nations,  and  to  the  principles  of  which  even  those  who  attempt  to 
overthrow  it  adhere  in  the  very  heat  of  insurrection,  must  be 
regarded  as  one  which  is  not  only  well  adapted  to  the  condition  and 
character  of  the  American  people,  but  is  even  indispensable  and  in- 
separable from  their  national  existence. 

Should  it  be  answered  that  while  all  this  has  heretofore  seemed 
true,  yet  that  it  is  now  disproved  by  the  existing  insurrection,  you 
may  truthfully  reply  that  we  must  wait  for  that  refutation  until  we 
see  the  end  of  the  insurrection  ;  that  the  insurrection  proves  in  fact 
nothing%lse  except  that  eighty  years  of  peace  is  as  much  as  human 
nature  has  the  moderation  to  endure  under  circumstances  the  most 
conducive  to  moderation. 

The  attempted  revolution  is  simply  causeless.  It  is,  indeed,  equally 
without  a  reason  and  without  an  object.  Confessedly  there  is 
neither  reason  nor  object,  unless  it  be  one  arising  out  of  the  subject 
of  slavery.  The  practice  of  slavery  has  been  so  long  a  theme  of 
angry  political  debate,  while  it  has  all  the  time  been,  as  it  yet  is,  a 


SLAVERY   CONSIDERED.  225 

domestic  concern,  that  I  approach  it  with  deep  regret  in  a  commu- 
nication which  relates  to  the  action  of  a  representative  of  this  gov- 
ernment abroad.  I  refrain  from  any  observation  whatever  concern- 
ing the  morality  or  the  immorality,  the  economy  or  the  waste,  the 
social  or  the  unsocial  aspects  of  slavery,  and  confine  myself,  by  di- 
rection of  the  President,  strictly  to  the  point  that  the  attempt  at 
revolution  on  account  of  it  is,  as  I  have  already  said,  without  reason 
and  without  object.  Slavery  of  persons  of  African  derivation  ex- 
isted practically  within  all  the  European  colonies  wThich,  as  states, 
now  constitute  the  United  States  of  America.  The  framers  of  our 
government  accepted  that  fact,  and  with  it  the  ideas  concerning  it 
which  were  then  gaining  ground  throughout  the  civilized  world. 
They  expected  and  desired  that  it  should  ultimately  cease,  and  with 
that  view  authorized  Congress  to  prohibit  the  foreign  slave  trade 
after  1808.  They  did  not  expect  that  the  practice  of  African  slav- 
ery should  be  abruptly  terminated  to  the  prejudice  of  the  peace  and 
the  economy  of  the  country.  They  therefore  placed  the  entire  con- 
trol of  slavery,  as  it  was  then  existing,  beyond  the  control  of  the 
Federal  authorities,  by  leaving  it  to  remain  subject  to  the  exclusive 
managenient  and  disposition  of  the  several  states  themselves,  and 
fortified  it  there  with  a  provision  for  the  return  of  fugitives  from 
labor  and  service,  and  another  securing  an  allowance  of  three-fifths 
of  such  persons  in  fixing  the  basis  of  direct  taxation  and  representa- 
tion. The  legislators  of  that  day  took  notice  of  the  existence  of  a 
vast  and  nearly  unoccupied  region  lying  between  the  western  bor- 
ders of  the  Atlantic  States  and  the  Mississippi  River.  A  few  slaves 
were  found  in  the  southwest,  and  none  in  the  northwest.  They  left 
the  matter  in  the  southwest  to  the  discretion  of  the  new  states  to  be 
formed  there,  and  prohibited  the  practice  of  slavery  in  the  north- 
western region  forever. 

Economical,  moral,  and  political  causes  have  subsequently  modi- 
fied the  sentiments  of  that  age  differently  in  the  two  sections.  Long 
ago  slavery  was  prohibited  by  all  the  northern  states,  and,  on  the 
contrary,  the  increased  production  of  cotton  has  resulted  in  fortify- 
ing the  institution  of  slavery  in  the  southern  states.  The  accretions 
of  domain,  by  purchase  from  Spain,  France,  and  Mexico,  brought 
regions  in  which  slavery  had  either  a  very  slight  foothold,  or  none 
at  all ;  and  this  new  domain,  as  it  should  come  under  occupation, 
was  to  be  constituted  into  new  states  which  must  be  either  free 

15 


226  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

states  or  slave  states.  The  original  states  divided  according  to 
their  own  divers  practices — the  free  states  seeking  so  to  direct 
Federal  legislation  and  action  as  to  result  in  multiplying  free  states, 
and  the  slave  states  so  to  direct  them  as  to  multiply  slave  states. 

The  interest  became  more  intense  because  the  several  states  have 
equal  representation  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States.  This  con- 
troversy soon  disclosed  itself  in  the  popular  elections,  and  more  dis- 
tinctly than  ever  before  in  the  recent  canvass,  which  resulted  in  the 
accession  of  the  present  administration. 

It  is  now  to  be  observed  that,  from  the  earliest  agitation  of  the 
subject  until  that  last  election,  the  decisions  of  the  people  were 
practically  favorable  to  the  interest  of  the  class  which  favored  the 
extension  of  slavery,  and  yet  their  opponents  always  acquiesced. 
Under  these  circumstances  the  executive  administration,  the  national 
legislature,  and  the  judiciary,  were  for  practical  purposes  in  the 
hands  of  that  party,  and  the  laws,  with  the  administration  and 
execution  of  them,  conformed  to  their  own  policy.  The  opposite 
class  prevailed  in  the  late  election  so  far  as  to  bring  in  the  Presi- 
dent and  Vice-President,  the  citizens  they  had  preferred,  but  no 
further — Congress  and  the  judiciary  remained  under  the  same  bias 
as  before.  The  new  President  could  not  assume  his  trust  until  the 
fourth  of  March,  1861,  and  even  after  that  time,  as  before,  the  laws 
and  the  execution  of  them  must  remain  unchanged.  He  could  not, 
without  consent  of  his  opponents  in  Congress,  change  either,  nor 
appoint  a  minister  or  a  ministerial  officer,  nor  draw  a  dollar  from 
the  treasury  even  for  his  own  defence  or  support.  It  was  under 
these  circumstances  that,  on  the  very  day  when  the  election  closed 
and  its  result  became  known,  four  months  before  the  new  adminis- 
tration was  to  come  in,  the  disappointed  party  took  their  appeal 
from  the  ballot-box  to  arms,  and  inaugurated  their  revolution. 

I  need  not  further  elaborate  the  proposition  that  the  revolution 
is  without  a  cause  ;  it  has  not  even  a  pretext. 

It  is  just  as  clear  that  it  is  without  an  object.  Moral  and  physi- 
cal causes  have  determined  inflexibly  the  character  of  each  one  of 
the  territories  over  which  the  dispute  has  arisen,  and  both  parties 
after  the  election  harmoniously  agreed  on  all  the  Federal  laws  re- 
quired for  their  organization.  The  territories  will  remain  in  all 
respects  the  same,  whether  the  revolution  shall  succeed  or  shall 
fail.     The  condition  of  slavery  in  the  several  states  will  remain  just 


EEVOLUTION    WITHOUT   OBJECT   OR   PRETEXT.  227 

the  same  whether  it  succeed  or  fail.  There  is  not  even  a  pretext 
for  the  complaint  that  the  disaffected  states  are  to  be  conquered 
by  the  United  States  if  the  revolution  fail  ;  for  the  rights  of 
the  states,  and  the  condition  of  every  human  being  in  them,  will 
remain  subject  to  exactly  the  same  laws  and  forms  of  administra- 
tion, whether  the  revolution  shall  succeed  or  whether  it  shall  fail. 
In  the  one  case,  the  states  would  be  federally  connected  with  the 
new  Confederacy  ;  in  the  other,  they  would,  as  now,  be  members  of 
the  United  States  ;  but  their  constitutions  and  laws,  customs,  hab- 
its, and  institutions  in  either  case  will  remain  the  same. 

It  is  hardly  necessary  to  add  to  this  incontestable  statement  the 
•  further  fact  that  the  new  President,  as  well  as  the  citizens  through 
whose  suffrages  he  has  come  into  the  adminstration,  has  always 
repudiated  all  designs  whatever  and  wherever  imputed  to  him  and 
them  of  disturbing  the  system  of  slavery  as  it  is  existing  under  the 
Constitution  and  laws.  The  case,  however,  would  not  be  fully  pre- 
sented if  I  were  to  omit  to  say  that  any  such  effort  on  his  part 
would  be  unconstitutional,  and  all  his  actions  in  that  direction 
would  be  prevented  by  the  judicial  authority,  even  though  they 
were  assented  to  by  Congress  and  the  people. 

This  revolution,  thus  equally  destitute  of  just  cause  and  legiti- 
mate object,  aims,  nevertheless,  at  the  dismemberment  of  the  Fed- 
eral Union,  and,  if  successful,  must  end  in  the  overthrow  of  the 
government  of  the  United  States.  If  it  be  true,  as  the  consent  of 
mankind  authorizes  us  to  assume,  that  the  establishment  of  this 
government  was  the  most  auspicious  political  event  that  has  hap- 
pened in  the  whole  progress  of  history,  its  fall  must  be  deemed 
not  merely  a  national  calamity,  which  a  patriotic  government  ought 
to  try  to  prevent,  but  a  misfortune  to  the  human  race,  which  should 
secure  for  us  at  least  the  forbearance  of  all  other  nations. 

It  cannot  be  maintained  that  disunion  would  leave  it  still  exist- 
ing in  its  true  character,  and  for  its  proper  ends,  although  in  two 
Dot  very  unequal  and  similar  parts.  Its  integrity  as  a  Federal  gov- 
ernment, embracing  all  of  the  American  independent,  contiguous, 
and  homogeneous  states,  protecting  them  all  against  foreign  dangers 
and  internal  commotions  ;  securing  to  them  all  a  common  property, 
greatness,  dignity,  influence  and  happiness,  is  an  indispensable 
feature  of  its  Constitution. 

Dismemberment  would  be  less  effectually  subversive  of  the  char- 


228  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

acter,  objects,  and  purposes  of  the  Union,  if  the  two  confederacies, 
which  it  is  proposed  shall  succeed  it,  could  severally  be  expected  to 
exercise  its  great  functions  within  their  respective  dominions.  But 
this  would  be  impossible.  The  several  states  are  now  held  in  Union 
with  each  other  by  a  confessed  obligation  of  cohesion  that  only 
their  common  consent  could  dissolve;  and  that  moral  law,  hitherto 
recognized  by  all,  is  substituted  for  the  central  military  authority 
which,  in  other  systems,  secures  the  integrity  as  well  as  the  peace 
and  harmony  of  states.  But  if  the  revolution  shall  prevail  and  dis- 
memberment ensue,  the  Federal  obligation  in  that  case  will  be  bro- 
ken, its  moral  force  spent,  and  in  its  place  there  must  come  up  the 
principles  which  are  the  acknowledged  elements  of  the  revolution, 
namely,  first,  that  in  either  confederacy  each  state  is  at  liberty  to 
secede  at  pleasure  ;  and  secondly,  the  minority  in  each  confederacy, 
and  even  in  each  state,  may,  whenever  the  will  of  the  majority  is 
ascertained,  take  an  appeal  from  the  ballot  to  the  sword.  It  is 
manifest  that  the  success  of  this  revolution  would  therefore  be  not 
only  a  practical  overthrow  of  the  entire  system  of  government,  but 
the  first  stage  by  each  confederacy  in  the  road  to  anarchy,  such  as 
so  widely  prevails  in  Spanish  America.  The  contest,  then,  involves 
nothing  less  than  a  failure  of  the  hope  to  devise  a  stable  system  of 
government  upon  the  principle  of  the  consent  of  the  people,  and 
working  through  the  peaceful  expressions  of  their  will  without  de- 
pending on  military  authority.  If  the  President  were  addressing  his. 
countrymen  at  home  on  this  occasion,  instead  of  one  of  their  repre- 
sentatives going  abroad,  he  would  direct  me  to  set  forth  the  conse- 
quences which  obviously  must  follow  the  dissolution  of  the  Ameri- 
can Union.  The  loss  of  the  ambition,  which  is  a  needful  inspiration 
to  a  great  people ;  the  loss  of  the  respect  of  mankind,  and  the  vene- 
ration and  respect  of  posterity;  the  loss  of  the  enterprise  and  vigor 
which  makes  us  a  prosperous  nation;  and  with  the  loss  of  sustained 
and  constant  culture,  which  makes  us  an  intellectual  people,  the 
loss  of  safety,  both  at  home  and  abroad,  which  directly  involves  the 
greatest  calamity  of  all,  the  loss  of  liberty.  It  is  sufficient  only  to 
allude  to  these  possible  evils  on  this  occasion  to  afford  you  the 
grounds  for  assuring  the  government  of  France  that  the  President 
regards  the  revolution  as  one  which  in  every  event  must  and  will 
be  prevented,  since  it  is  manifest  that  the  evils  which  would  result 
from  its  success  would  be  as  incurable  as  they  would  be  intolerable. 


FOREIGN   INTERFERENCE   WILL   BE   RESISTED.  229 

It  is,  indeed,  an  occasion  of  much  regret  that  it  has  been  found 
needful  to  employ  force  for  this  purpose.  It  is  contrary  to  the 
genius  and  the  habits  of  the  people,  as  it  is  repugnant  to  the  senti- 
ments of  the  government  of  the  country  and  of  mankind.  But  the 
President  believes  that  the  country  will  accept  that  alternative  with 
the  less  regret  because  sufficient  time  has  been  allowed  to  try  every 
expedient  of  conciliatory  prevention,  and  civil  war  is  at  last  proved 
to  be  unavoidable.  The  responsibility  of  it  must  rest  with  those 
who  have  not  only  inaugurated  it,  but  have  done  so  without  cause 
and  without  provocation.  The  world  will  see  that  it  is  an  evil  that 
comes  upon  us  not  from  any  necessity  growing  out  of  administra- 
tion or  out  of  our  Constitution  itself,  but  from  a  necessity  growing 
out  of  our  common  nature. 

It  must  not,  however,  be  inferred  that  the  reluctance  of  the  gov- 
ernment to  employ  force  so  long  has  demoralized  the  administration 
or  can  demoralize  the  American  people.  They  are  capable  of  a 
high,  resolute,  and  vigorous  defence  of  the  Union,  and  they  will 
maintain  that  defence  with  only  the  more  firmness  and  fidelity,  be- 
cause they  are  animated  by  no  hostile  spirit,  but,  on  the  contrary, 
by  a  friendly  and  even  fraternal  one,  being  satisfied  that  its  bene- 
fits will  result  equally  to  those  who  are  engaged  in  overthrowing 
and  those  who  are  engaged  in  defending;  the  Union. 

I  have  thus,  under  the  President's  direction,  placed  before  you  a 
simple,  unexaggerated,  and  dispassionate  statement  of  the  origin, 
nature,  and  purposes  of  the  contest  in  which  the  United  States  are 
now  involved.  I  have  done  so  only  for  the  purpose  of  deducing 
from  it  the  arguments  you  will  find  it  necessary  to  employ  in  op- 
posing the  application  of  the  so-called  Confederate  States  to  the 
government  of  his  Majesty  the  Emperor  for  a  recognition  of  its 
independence  and  sovereignty. 

The  President  neither  expects  nor  desires  any  intervention,  or 
even  any  favor,  from  the  government  of  France,  or  any  other,  in 
this  emergency.  Whatever  else  he  may  consent  to  do,  he  wall 
never  invoke  nor  even  admit  foreign  interference  or  influence  in 
this  or  any  other  controversy  in  which  the  government  of  the 
United  States  may  be  engaged  with  any  portion  of  the  American 
people.  It  has  been  simply  his  aim  to  show  that  the  present  con- 
troversy furnishes  no  one  ground  on  which  a  great  and  friendly 
power,  like  France,  can  justly  lend  aid  or  sympathy  to  the  party 


230  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

engaged  in  insurrection,  and  therefore  he  instructs  you  to  insist  on 
the  practice  of  neutrality  by  the  government  of  the  Emperor,  as  all 
our  representatives  are  instructed  to  insist  on  the  neutrality  of  the 
several  powers  to  which  they  are  accredited. 

Not  entertaining  the  least  apprehension  of  the  departure  from 
that  course  by  his  Majesty's  government,  it  is  not  without  some 
reluctance  that  the  President  consents  to  the  suggestion  of  some 
considerations  affecting  France  herself,  which  you  may  urge  in  sup- 
port of  it.  France  is  an  agricultural  and  manufacturing  country. 
Her  industry  depends  very  largely  on  a  consumption  of  her  produc- 
tions and  fabrics  within  the  United  States,  and  on  the  receipt,  in 
exchange,  of  cotton,  or  other  staples,  or  their. equivalent  in  money, 
from  the  United  States.  The  ability  of  the  United  States  to  thus 
consume  and  furnish  depends  on  their  ability  to  maintain  and  pre- 
serve peace.  War  here  will  in  any  case  be  less  flagrant,  and  peace, 
when  broken,  will  be  restored  all  the  more  quickly  and  all  the 
more  perfectly  if  foreign  nations  shall  have  the  sagacity,  not  to 
say  the  magnanimity,  to  practise  the  neutrality  we  demand. 

Foreign  intervention  would  oblige  us  to  treat  those  who  should 
yield  it  as  allies  of  the  insurrectionary  party,  and  to  carry  on  the 
war  against  them  as  enemies.  The  case  would  not  be  relieved,  but, 
on  the  contrary,  would  only  be  aggravated,  if  several  European 
states  should  combine  in  that  intervention.  The  President  and  the 
people  of  the  United  States  deem  the  Union,  which  would  then  be 
at  stake,  worth  all  the  cost  and  all  the  sacrifices  of  a  contest  with 
the  world  in  arms,  if  such  a  contest  should  prove  inevitable. 

However  other  European  powers  may  mistake,  his  Majesty  is  the 
last  one  of  those  sovereigns  to  misapprehend  the  nature  of  this  con- 
troversy. He  knows  that  the  revolution  of  1775  in  this  country 
was  a  successful  contest  of  the  great  Amei'ican  idea  of  free  popular 
government  against  resisting  prejudices  and  errors.  He  knows 
that  the  conflict  awakened  the  sympathies  of  mankind,  and  that 
ultimately  the  triumph  of  that  idea  has  been  hailed  by  all  European 
nations.  He  knows  at  what  cost  European  nations  resisted  for  a 
time  the  progress  of  that  idea,  and  perhaps  is  not  unwilling  to  con- 
fess how  much  France,  especially,  has  profited  by  it.  He  will  not 
fail  to  recognize  the  presence  of  that  one  great  idea  in  the  present 
conflict,  nor  will  he  mistake  the  side  on  which  it  will  be  found.  It 
is,  in  short,  the  very  principle  of  universal  suffrage,  with  its  claim  to 


war:  its  extent,  progress,  and  termination.       231 

obedience  to  its  decrees,  on  which  the  government  of  France  is 
built,  that  is  put  in  issue  by  the  insurrection  here,  and  is  in  this 
emergency  to  be  vindicated,  and  more  effectually  than  ever  estab- 
lished by  the  government  of  the  United  States. 

I  forbear  from  treating  of  questions  arising  out  of  the  revenue  laws 
of  the  United  States,  which  lately  have  been  supposed  to  have  some 
bearing  on  the  subject.  They  have  already  passed  away  before  the 
proclamation  of  the  blockade  of  ports  in  the  hands  of  the  revolution- 
ary party.  Nor  could  considerations  so  merely  mercenary  and  ephem- 
eral in  any  case  enter  into  the  counsels  of  the  Emperor  of  France. 

You  will,  naturally  enough,  be  asked  what  is  the  President's 
expectation  concerning  the  progress  of  the  contest  and  the  prospect 
of  its  termination.  It  is,  of  course,  impossible  to  speculate,  with 
any  confidence,  upon  the  course  of  a  revolution,  and  to  fix  times  and 
seasons  for  the  occurrence  of  political  events  affected  by  the  excite- 
ment of  popular  passions;  but  there  are  two  things  which  may  be 
assumed  as  certain  :  First.  That  the  union  of  these  states  is  an 
object  of  supreme  and  undying  devotion  on  the  part  of  the  Ameri- 
can people,  and,  therefore,  it  will  be  vindicated  and  maintained. 
Second.  The  American  people,  notwithstanding  any  temporary 
disturbance  of  their  equanimity,  are  yet  a  sagacious  and  practical 
people,  and  less  experience  of  evils  than  any  other  nation  would  re- 
quire will  bring  them  back  to  their  customary  and  habitual  exercise 
of  reason  and  reflection,  and,  through  that  process,  to  the  settlement 
of  the  controversy  without  further  devastation  and  demoralization 
by  needless  continuance  in  a  state  of  civil  war. 

The  President  recognizes,  to  a  certain  extent,  the  European  idea 
of  the  balance  of  power.  If  the  principle  has  any  foundation  at  all, 
the  independence  and  the  stability  of  these  United  States  just  in 
their  present  form,  properties,  and  character,  are  essential  to  the 
preservation  of  the  balance  between  the  nations  of  the  earth  as  it 
now  exists.  It  is  not  easy  to  see  how  France,  Great  Britain,  Rus- 
sia, or  even  reviving  Spain,  could  hope  to  suppress  wars  of  ambition 
which  must  inevitably  break  out  if  this  continent  of  North  America, 
now,  after  the  exclusion  of  foreign  interests  for  three  quarters  of  a 
century,  is  again  to  become  a  theatre  for  the  ambition  and  cupidity 
of  European  nations. 

It  stands  forth  now  to  the  glory  of  France  that  she  contributed  to 
the  emancipation  of  this  continent  from  the  control  of  European 


232  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

states,  an  emancipation  which  has  rendered  only  less  benefit  to  those 
nations  than  to  America  itself.  The  present  enlightened  monarch 
of  France  is  too  ambitious,  in  the  generous  sense  of  the  word,  to 
signalize  his  reign  by  an  attempt  to  reverse  that  great  and  magnan- 
imous transaction.  He  is,  moreover  too  wise  not  to  understand  that 
the  safety  and  advancement  of  the  United  States  are  guaranteed  by 
the  necessities,  and,  therefore,  by  the  sympathies  of  mankind. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.   Schurz. 

April  27,  1861.  —  You  receive  the  President's  instructions  for  the 
discharge  of  your  very  important  mission  at  a  moment  when  a 
domestic  crisis,  long  apprehended  with  deep  solicitude,  is  actually 
reached.  For  the  first  time  since  the  foundations  of  this  Federal 
Republic  were  laid  with  such  pious  care  and  consummate  wisdom,  an 
insurrection  has  developed  itself,  and  assumed  the  organization  and 
attitude  of  a  separate  political  power.  This  organization  consists  of 
several  members  of  this  Union,  under  the  name  of  "The  Confeder- 
ate States  of  America."  That  irregular  and  usurping  authority  has 
instituted  civil  war.  The  President  of  the  United  States  has 
adopted  defensive  and  repressive  measures,  including  the  employ- 
ment of  Federal  forces  by  land  and. by  sea,  with  the  establishment 
of  a  maritime  blockade.  The  revolutionists  have  opposed  to  these 
inevitable  measures  an  army  of  invasion  directed  against  this  capi- 
tal, and  a  force  of  privateers  incited  to  prey  upon  the  national  com- 
merce, and  ultimately,  no  doubt,  the  commerce  of  the  world.  It 
seems  the  necessity  of  faction  in  every  country  that  whenever  it  ac- 
quires sufficient  boldness  to  inaugurate  revolution,  it  then  alike 
forgets  the  counsels  of  prudence  and  stifles  the  instincts  of  patriot- 
ism, and  becomes  a  suitor  to  foreign  courts  for  aid  and  assistance  to 

7  O 

subvert  and  destroy  the  most  cherished  and  indispensable  institu- 
tions of  its  own.  So  it  has  already  happened  in  this  case  that  the 
revolutionary  power  has,  as  it  is  understood,  despatched  agents  to 
Europe  to  solicit  from  the  states  of  that  continent  at  least  their 
acknowledgment  of  its  asserted  sovereignty  and  independence.  To 
oppose  this  application  and  prevent  its  success  will  be  your  chief 
duty,  and  no  more  important  one  was  ever  devolved  by  the  United 
States  upon  any  representative  whom  they  have  sent  abroad. 

Tl.ee  would,  indeed,  be  no  danger  of  the  success  of  the  unpatri- 
otic application  if  the  governments  addressed  could  be  relied  upon 


NO   COMBINATIONS   CAN   OVERTHROW   THE   UNION.  233 

to  understand  their  true  interests,  and  fulfil  the  obligations  of  na- 
tional justice  and  fraternity.  But  unhappily  in  the  present  con- 
dition of  society  nations  are,  to  say  the  least,  neither  wiser  nor  more 
just  or  generous  than  individual  men. 

You  will  take  care  that  you  do  not  yourself  misunderstand  the 
spirit  in  which  your  duty  is  to  be  performed,  nor  suffer  that  spirit  to 
be  misapprehended  by  the  government  of  her  Catholic  Majesty. 
The  government  of  the  United  States,  in  the  first  place,  indulges  no 
profound  apprehensions  for  its  safety,  even  although  the  govern- 
ment to  which  you  are  accredited,  and  even  many  others  of  the  Eu- 
ropean continent,  should  intervene  in  this  unhappy  civil  war.  The 
union  of  these  states,  with  the  maintenance  of  their  republican  insti- 
tutions, is  guaranteed  by  material,  moral,  and  social  necessities  of 
this  continent  and  mankind,  that  will,  the  President  feels  assured, 
overbear  all  aggressions  that  shall  be  committed  upon  them,  no  mat- 
ter how  various  its  forms  or  how  comprehensive  its  combinations. 
The  trial  involves  only  the  questions  how  long  shall  the  struggle  be 
protracted,  and  what  shall  be  the  measure  of  the  disasters  and 
calamities  it  shall  inflict.  Secondly,  the  government  neither  ex- 
pects nor  asks,  nor  would  it  consent  to  receive,  aid  or  favor  from 
Spain  or  any  other  foreign  state.  It  asks  only  that  such  states  per- 
form their  treaty  obligation,  and  leave  this  domestic  controversy  to 
the  care  and  conduct  of  those  to  whom  it  exclusively  belongs. 
Whenever  this  Republic  shall  have  come  to  need  the  protection  or 
favor  of  any  other  nation,  it  will  have  become  unable  and  unworthy 
to  exist,  however  aided  from  abroad. 

The  President,  in  the  absence  of  all  information,  is  left  to  conjec- 
ture what  are  the  influences  upon  which  the  so-called  Confederate 
States  rely  to  induce  her  Catholic  Majesty's  government  to  grant 
their  disloyal  application.  The  high  consideration  which  he  enter- 
tains for  her  Majesty  enables  him  to  assume  that  the  appeal  taken 
from  this  government  to  her  royal  favor,  proceeds,  in  part  at  least, 
on  the  ground  that  the  revolutionists  affect  to  have  suffered  oppres- 
sion and  wrong  at  the  hands  of  the  government  of  the  United  States, 
which  entitle  them  to  the  sympathy  of  the  Queen  of  Spain,  if  not  to 
redress  through  her  intervention.  Her  Catholic  Majesty's  govern- 
ment has  not  been  addicted  to  such  intervention  hitherto,  and  the 
wisdom  of  its  forbearance  is  seen  in  the  revival  of  the  energies  of 
that  great  and  honored  nation,  which  now  seems  renewing  a  felici- 
tous career. 


234  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  President,  however,  will  not  rely  merely  on  the  forbearance 
of  any  foreign  power,  not  even  on  that  of  the  government  of  Spain. 

That  government  well  understands  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States,  and  has  had  opportunity  to  learn  its  practical  operation.  It 
therefore  knows  that  the  several  states  which  constitute  the  Federal 
Union  can  respectively  practise  tyranny  or  oppression  upon  individ- 
ual citizens,  and  may  even  hinder  and  embarrass  the  general  govern- 
ment, while,  on  the  other  hand,  that  government,  being  armed  with 
only  a  few  though  very  important  powers  needful  for  preserving 
domestic  peace,  and  defence  against  foreign  nations,  can  neither 
oppress  nor  impoverish  nor  annoy  any  member  of  the  Union  or  any 
private  citizen. 

In  the  present  case  there  are  some  points  which  will  not  escape 
consideration,  namely :  — 

1st.  The  very  interest  which  now  resorts  to  insurrection,  practic- 
ally speaking,  has  directed  the  administration  of  the  Federal  govern- 
ment from  the  hour  when  the  first  murmur  of  discontent  was  heard 
until  now  when  it  raises  the  flag  of  disunion. 

2d.  The  Federal  government,  now  seventy  years  old,  has  never 
made  a  foreign  war,  which  that  same  interest,  now  so  insurrec- 
tionary, did  not  urge  or  demand ;  has  never  extended  its  dominion 
a  square  mile  by  discovery,  conquest,  or  purchase,  except  at  the 
instance  of  the  same  party  ;  has  never  exacted  an  irregular  contri- 
bution, or  levied  an  illegal  or  unequal  tax,  and  only  in  war  has  im- 
posed a  direct  tax.  It  has  divided  civil,  military,  and  naval  honors 
and  trusts  between  all  classes  and  sections,  if  not  impartially,  at 
least  with  preference  of  the  same  interest.  It  has  constructed  all 
the  defences  required  for  the  section  where  that  interest  prevails, 
and  for  forty  years  has  accommodated  that  interest  with  special 
legislation  and  beneficial  arrangements  with  foreign  powers.  The 
administration  of  the  government  has  been  so  just  and  so  tolerant 
that  no  citizen  of  any  one  of  the  states  claiming  to  be  aggrieved  has 
ever  been  deprived  by  it  of  his  liberty,  except  on  conviction  of  crime 
by  his  peers  of  the  vicinage,  nor  of  his  property  without  due  com- 
pensation, nor  forfeited  his  life  under  its  authority  except  as  a  vol- 
unteer in  the  battles  of  his  country.  I  will  not  pursue  the  subject. 
It  is  enough  to  show  that  while  this  government  will  submit  its 
action  in  domestic  affairs  to  the  judgment  of  no  other  nation,  it  does 
not  fear  to  encounter  the  moral  opinion  of  mankind. 


THE   PRINCIPLES   OF   DISUNION   APPLIED.  235 

Will  the  disunionists  claim  that  they  are  the  discoverers  of  a  new 
and  beneficent  system  of  political  government,  which  commends 
itself  to  the  patronage  of  her  Catholic  Majesty?  What  are  the 
salient  principles  of  their  system?  First,  the  government  shall' 
employ  no  standing  military  force  in  conducting  administration  of 
its  domestic  concerns,  but  shall  always  be  constituted  by  popular 
suffrage,  and  be  dependent  upon  it.  But  it  shall,  at  the  same  time, 
be  the  right  of  the  minority,  when  overruled  in  the  elections,  to 
resort  to  insurrection,  not  merely  to  reverse  the  popular  decree,  but 
even  to  overthrow  the  government  itself,  while,  on  the  other  hand, 
the  government  can  never  lawfully  use  force  to  coerce  compliance 
with  its  laws. 

3d.  The  several  states,  districts,  intendencies,  or  provinces  which 
constitute  a  nation,  must  be  brought  and  held  together  not  in  any 
case  by  conquest  or  force,  but  by  voluntary  federation,  which  may 
be  stipulated  to  be  perpetual.  But  each  constituent  state,  district, 
intendency,  or  province  retains  an  inherent  and  absolute  sover- 
eignty, and  its  people  may  rightfully  withdraw  from  the  Federal 
Union  at  pleasure,  equally  in  war  as  in  peace,  leaving  its  common 
debts  unpaid,  its  common  treaties  unfulfilled,  its  common  defence 
frustrated.  Moreover,  the  seceding  party  may  seize  all  the  Federal 
treasures,  defences,  institutions,  and  property  found  within  its  own 
limits,  and  convert  them  to  its  own  use,  simply  offering  to  come  at 
its  own  future  pleasure  to  an  equitable  account.  It  is  not  to  be 
doubted  that  the  kingdom  of  Spain  could  be  dissolved  by  her  Catho- 
lic Majesty's  acceptance  of  this  new  system  much  more  rapidly  than 
by  waiting  the  slow  effect  of  foreign  wars  or  domestic  maladminis- 
tration. Castile,  and  Old  Castile,  Leon,  Andalusia  and  Aragon, 
Cuba  and  the  Philippine  Islands,  would  be  much  more  easily  sepa- 
rated on  this  plan  than  New  York  and  Louisiana,  California  and 
Massachusetts,  Florida  and  Michigan. 

Perhaps  the  so-called  Confederate  States  will  rest  their  appeal  on 
some  especial  ground  of  sympathy  with  Spain  and  the  states  of 
Spanish  America. 

In  such  a  case  you  will  need  only  to  say  that  the  moderation 
which  has  thus  far  been  practised  by  the  United  States  towards 
Spain,  and  the  Spanish-American  states  once  her  colonies,  has  been 
due  chiefly  to  the  fact  that  the  several  North  American  states  of 
British  derivation,  exclusive  of  Canada,  have  been  bound  together 


236  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

in  a  Federal  Union.,  and  the  continuance  of  that  Union  is  the  only 
guarantee  for  the  practise  of  the  same  moderation  hereafter. 

Will  the  so-called  Confederate  States  promise  liberal  or  reciprocal 
commerce  with  Spain  or  her  provinces'/  What  commerce  can  there 
be  between  states  whose  staples  are  substantially  identical?  Sugar 
cannot  be  exchanged  for  sugar,  cotton  for  cotton,  or  rice  for  rice. 
The  United  States  have  always  been  willing,  and  undoubtedly  they 
will  always  remain  willing,  to  establish  commerce  with  Spain  and 
her  provinces  on  terms  as  mutually  reciprocal  as  the  government  of 
that  country  itself  will  allow. 

These  thoughts  are  presented  to  you  by  direction  of  the  Presi- 
dent, not  as  exhausting  the  subject,  but  only  as  suggestions  to  your 
own  vigorous  and  comprehensive  mind,  and  he  confidently  relies  on 
your  applying  all  its  powers  to  tho  full  discussion  of  the  subject  if 
it  shall  become  necessary. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  King. 

April  29,  1861.  —  Rome,  to  a  degree  hardly  comprehended  in 
this  country,  is  protected  by  the  veneration  of  a  large  portion  of  man- 
kind for  his  Holiness  as  the  expounder  of  faith  and  the  guardian  of 
religion.  Nevertheless,  his  government  is  surrounded  by  the  ele- 
ments of  political  revolution. 

The  United  States  are  on  the  verge  of  civil  war.  It  happens  to 
them  now,  as  it  happened  to  ancient  Rome,  and  has  happened  to 
many  other  republics,  that  they  must  make  the  trial  whether  liberty 
can  be  preserved  while  dominion  is  widely  extended.  What  then 
shall  we  say  or  do  in  regard  to  Rome,  or  what  ought  Rome  to  say  or 
do  in  regard  to  us? 

Assure  the  government  of  his  Holiness  that  the  President  and 
the  people  of  the  United  States  desire  to  cultivate  with  it  the  most 
cordial  and  friendly  relations;  that  we  will  not  violate  the  friend- 
ship already  so  happily  existing  by  any  intervention  in  the  domestic 
affairs  of  the  States  of  the  Church.  Assure  his  Holiness  that  it  is 
the  settled  habit  of  this  government  to  leave  to  all  other  countries 
the  unquestioned  regulation  of  their  own  internal  concerns,  being 
convinced  that  intrusion  by  a  foreign  nation  anywhere  tends  only  to 
embarrass  rather  than  aid  the  best  designs  of  the  friends  of  freedom, 
religion  and  humanity,  by  impairing  the  unity  of  the  state  exclu- 
sively interested. 


SEDITION   SEEKS  THE   AID   OF   ALIENS.  237 

What  ought  Rome  to  do  in  regard  to  the  United  States  ?  Just 
what  I  have  thus  said  they  will  do  in  regard  to  Rome.  We  could 
not  ask  or  consent  to  receive  more,  and  the  government  of  his  Holi- 
ness will  not  propose  to  do  less,  for  he  is  a  friend  to  peace,  to  good 
order,  and  to  the  cause  of  human  nature,  which  is  now,  as  it  always 
has  been,  our  cause. 

Let  the  government  of  Rome  set  this  example  and  exercise  its 

great   influence    in    favor    of   a    course    of    natural   justice    among 

nations,  and  the  United  States  will  still  remain   at  peace  with  the 

whole  world,  and  continue   hereafter,  as  hitherto,  to  be  the  home 

of  civil  and  religious  liberty,  and  an  asylum  for  the  exiled  and  the 

oppressed. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Wood. 

May  1, 1861.  — The  one  subject  in  all  our  foreign  relations  which 
most  anxiously  engages  the  President's  attention  is  the  possible 
action  of  other  nations  in  regard  to  the  domestic  controversy  which 
is  raging  within  our  own  borders. 

Parties  long  ago  found  it  their  apparent  interest  to  appeal  to 
local  interests  and  prejudices,  and  they  have  persevered  in  that 
policy  so  far  and  with  such  effect  that  masses  large  enough  to  con- 
trol the  action  of  the  state  authorities  have  at  last  come  to  prefer 
disorganization  and  disunion,  rather  than  to  acquiesce  in  the  will  of 
the  majority  expressed  in  conformity  with  the  provisions  of  the 
organic  law. 

To  a  well  balanced  mind  it  seems  very  strange  that  a  citizen 
ever,  without  the  excuse  of  intolerable  oppression,  passes  the  first 
stage  of  sedition,  for  it  is  at  that  very  stage  that  the  malcontent 
finds  himself  obliged  to  seek  aid  from  aliens  to  defeat  the  equal 
laws  and  overthrow  the  beneficent  institutions  of  his  own  country. 
Sedition  in  the  United  States  is  not  merely  unreasonable,  it  is  alto- 
gether absurd.  Human  ingenuity  has  never  yet  devised,  nor  can  it 
devise,  a  form  of  government  in  which  the  individual  citizen  can 
retain  so  large  a  portion  of  the  natural  rights  of  man,  and  at 
the  same  time  receive  so  ample  a  protection  against  the  dangers 
which  so  often  threaten  the  safety  and  even  the  existence  of  na- 
tions. Nevertheless,  an  insurrection  has  broken  out  here ;  a  pre- 
tended government  has  been  constituted  under  the  name  of  the 
Confederate  States  of  America,  and  that  government  now  has  its 
agpnts  abroad  seeking  to  obtain  a  recognition  of  its  sovereignty  and 
independence. 


238  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

It  is  hardly  to  be  supposed  that  these  agents  will  visit  the  capital 
of  Denmark.  They  will  seek  the  favor  of  powers  supposed  to  be 
more  capricious  or  more  ambitious.  Nevertheless,  political  action 
even  of  the  more  commanding  or  more  active  states  is  influenced  by 
a  general  opinion  that  is  formed  imperceptibly  in  all  parts  of  the 
Eastern  continent.  Every  representative  of  the  United  States  in 
Europe  has,  therefore,  a  responsibility  to  see  that  no  effort  on  his 
part  is  wanting  to  make  that  opinion  just,  so  far  as  the  true  position 
of  affairs  in  his  own  country  is  concerned. 

It  cannot  be  necessary  to  discuss  at  large  the  merits  of  the  un- 
happy controversy.  It  is  sufficient  to  speak  of  its  nature  and  its 
probable  result.  The  insurrection  strikes  at  the  heart  of  the  nation. 
The  country,  so  long  accustomed  to  profound  tranquillity  and  uni- 
versal loyalty,  was  slow  to  believe  that  a  parricidal  purpose  could 
be  contemplated  where  it  felt  satisfied  there  was  no  just  cause  for 
serious  discontent.  Our  government  is  at  once  a  purely  representa- 
tive and  simply  Federal  one. 

While  the  insurrection  was  gathering,  the  administration  was 
practically  paralyzed  by  the  presence,  in  a  very  large  proportion,  of 
the  plotters  and  abettors  of  the  movement,  in  what,  in  Europe, 
would  be  called  the  ministry,  in  the  legislature,  in  the  army,  in  the 
navy,  in  the  customs,  in  the  post  office,  in  the  diplomatic  and  con- 
sular representations  abroad. 

Seventy  years  of  almost  unbroken  peace  had  brought  agriculture, 
mining,  manufactures,  and  trade  to  the  highest  possible  state  of 
activity,  and  the  people  shrunk  intuitively  from  a  change  of  that 
peaceful  activity,  for  not  merely  war,  but  needless  and  ruinous 
civil  war,  which  even  threatens  to  take  on  the  revolting  character 
of  servile  war. 

The  insurgents  skilfully  availed  themselves  of  these  doubts  and 
fears,  and  by  a  course  of  affected  moderation  increased  them.  It 
seemed  as  if  the  nation  would  fall  into  ruins  without  even  putting 
forth  an  effort  to  preserve  its  integrity.  You  could  not,  therefore, 
have  been  surprised  at  finding  on  your  arrival  in  Europe  that  the 
same  impression  had  obtained  there,  and  that  the  Union  of  these 
states  was  assumed  in  European  circles  to  be  practically  at  an  end. 
For  a  time  loyal  citizens  occupied  themselves  with  trying  how,  by 
compromise,  to  avert  a  civil  war,  rather  than  to  accept  as  inevitable 
an  event  so  unnatural  and  so  fearful. 


NO  DIVERSITY   OF   OPINION  IN   THE   CABINET.  239 

The  crisis,  however,  came  at  last,  a  few  days  after  your  departure 
from  the  country.  The  insurgents,  with  the  force  gathered  through 
immense  preparations  around  a  fortress  in  their  own  locality, 
opened  a  terrible  fire  upon  it,  to  prevent  the  handful  of  men  which 
constituted  the  garrison  from  receiving  supplies  when  on  the  verge 
of  famine,  and  continued  the  cannonade,  though  the  barracks  were 
in  flames,  and  the  brave  men,  thus  imperilled,  were  obliged  to 
abandon  defence  against  assault  to  save  themselves  from  destruction 
in  another  form.  The  defending  force  consented  to  a  capitulation 
dishonorable  only  to  their  assailants. 

This  last  and  most  violent  pressure  reached  at  once  the  very 
centre  where  the  elastic  force  of  the  national  spirit  lay  concealed. 
The  government  accepted  the  issue  of  civil  war,  and  sent  forth  its 
appeal  to  the  patriotism  of  the  people.  Never  in  any  age  or  coun- 
try was  such  an  appeal  responded  to  with  so  much  promptness, 
enthusiasm,  and  resolution ;  and  certainly  never  did  any  nation 
disclose  and  offer  up  at  once  such  exhaustless  resources  for  its  self- 
preservation. 

The  revolution  is  already  upon  the  recoil.  Its  failure  is  certain. 
All  that  remains  is  to  see  what  shall  be  the  measure  of  the  disasters 
and  calamities,  affecting  chiefly  the  insurgents  themselves,  which 
are  to  be  endured  before  they  consent  to  a  restoration  of  peace,  and 
to  guarantee  the  inviolability  of  the  Union. 

Friendly  nations  may  for  a  little  time,  perhaps,  suffer  some  in- 
convenience from  the  blockade  of  the  ports  of  the  insurgent  states, 
which  this  government  has  found  it  necessary  to  set  on  foot,  as  they 
will  justly  take  alarm  at  the  announcement  that  the  revolutionary 
party  have  proclaimed  their  purpose  to  employ  privateers  to  prey 
upon  the  commerce  of  the  country.  But  the  embarrassments  at- 
tending the  first  measure  will  be  mitigated  by  the  strictness  and 
efficiency  with  which  it  will  be  enforced,  and  it  will  not  be  main- 
tained a  day  longer  than  is  necessary.  Our  naval  arm  is  already 
strong,  and  it  will  promptly  be  made  stronger,  so  that  the  other  evil 
will  be,  as  we  trust,  effectually  prevented. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

May  4,  1861.  — In  conversation  Mr.  Thouvenel,  I  am  informed, 
asked  Mr.  Faulkner  whether  there  is  not  some  diversity  of  opinion 
in  the  cabinet  of  the  President  as  to  the  proper  mode  of   meeting 


240  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

the  difficulties  which  now  disturb  the  relations  of  the  states  and  the 
general  government.  Mr.  Faulkner,  in  reply,  said  that  he  had  no 
information  on  the  subject. 

The  matter  is  of  no  great  moment,  yet  it  is  desirable  that  there 
be  no  misapprehension  of  the  true  state  of  the  government  in  the 
present  emergency. 

You  may,  therefore,  recall  that  conversation  to  Mr.  Thouvenel's 
memory,  and  then  assure  him  explicitly  that  there  is  no  difference 
of  opinion  whatever  between  the  President  and  his  constitutional 
advisers,  or  among  those  advisers  themselves,  concerning  the  policy 
that  has  been  pursued,  and  which  is  now  prosecuted  by  the  admin- 
istration in  regard  to  the  unhappy  disturbances  existing  in  the 
country.  The  path  of  executive  duty  has  thus  far  been  too  plainly 
marked  out  by  stern  necessities  to  be  mistaken,  while  the  solemnity 
of  the  great  emergency  and  the  responsibilities  it  devolves  have 
extinguished  in  the  public  councils  every  emotion  but  those  of 
loyalty  and  patriotism.  It  is  not  in  the  hands  of  this  adminstration 
that  this  government  is  to  come  to  an  end  at  all —  much  less  for 
want  of  harmony  in  devotion  to  the  country. 

Mr.  Thouvenel's  declaration  that  the  United  States  may  rest 
well  assured  that  no  hasty  or  precipitate  action  will  be  taken  on 
the  subject  of  the  apprehended  application  of  the  insurrectionists 
for  a  recognition  of  the  independence  of  the  so-called  Confederate 
States  is  entirely  satisfactory,  although  it  was  attended  by  a  reserv- 
ation of  views  concerning  general  principles  applicable  to  cases  that 
need  not  now  be  discussed. 

In  the  unofficial  conversation  Mr.  Faulkner  says  that  he  himself 
expressed  the  opinion  that  force  would  not  be  resorted  to  to  coerce 
the  so-called  seceding  states  into  submission  to  the  Federal  author- 
ity, and  that  the  only  solution  of  the  difficulty  would  be  found  in 
such  modifications  of  the  constitutional  compact  as  would  invite  the 
seceding  states  back  into  the  Union,  or  a  peaceable  acquiescence  in 
the  assertion  of  their  claim  to  a  separate  sovereignty. 

The  time  when  these  questions  had  any  pertinency  or  plausibility 
have  passed  away.  The.  United  States  waited  patiently  while  their 
authority  was  defied  in  turbulent  assemblies,  and  in  seditious  prepa- 
rations, willing  to  hope  that  mediation,  offered  on  all  sides,  would 
conciliate  and  induce  the  disaffected  parties  to  return  to  a  better 
mind. 


OUR   POLICY.  241 

But  the  case  is  now  altogether  changed.  The  insurgents  have 
instituted  revolution  with  open,  flagrant,  deadly  war  to  compel  the 
United  States  to  acquiesce  in  the  dismemberment  of  the  Union. 
The  United  States  have  accepted  this  civil  war  as  an  inevitable 
necessity.  The  constitutional  remedies  for  all  the  complaints  of 
the  insurgents  are  still  open  to  them,  and  will  remain  so.  But,  on 
the  other  hand,  the  land  and  naval  forces  of  the  Union  have  been 
put  into  activity  to  restore  the  Federal  authority  and  to  save  the 
Union  from  danger. 

You  cannot  be  too  decided  or  too  explicit  in  making  known  to 
the  French  government  that  there  is  not  now,  nor  has  there  been, 
nor  will  there  be  any  the  least  idea  existing  in  this  government  of 
suffering  a  dissolution  of  this  Union  to  take  place  in  any  way 
whatever. 

There  will  be  here  only  one  nation  and  one  government,  and  there 
will  be  the  same  Republic,  and  the  same  constitutional  Union  that 
have  already  survived  a  dozen  national  changes,  and  changes  of  gov- 
ernment in  almost  every  other  country.  These  will  stand  hereafter, 
as  they  are  now,  objects  of  human  wonder  and  human  affection. 

You  have  seen,  on  the  eve  of  your  departure,  the  elasticity  of  the 
national  spirit,  the  vigor  of  the  national  government,  and  the  lavish 
devotion  of  the  national  treasures  to  this  great  cause.  Tell  Mr. 
Thouvenel,  then,  with  the  highest  consideration  and  good  feeling, 
that  the  thought  of  a  dissolution  of  this  Union,  peaceably  or  by 
force,  has  never  entered  into  the  mind  of  any  candid  statesman 
here,  and  it  is  high  time  that  it  be  dismissed  by  statesmen  in 
Europe. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

May  21,  1861.  —  This  government  considers  that  our  relations  in 
Europe  have  reached  a  crisis,  in  which  it  is  necessary  for  it  to  take 
a  decided  stand,  on  which  not  only  its  immediate  measures,  but  its 
ultimate  and  permanent  policy  can  be  determined  and  defined.  At 
the  same  time  it  neither  means  to  menace  Great  Britain  nor  to 
wound  the  susceptibilities  of  that  or  any  other  European  nation. 
That  policy  is  developed  in  this  paper. 

The  paper  itself  is  not  to  be  read  or  shown  to  the  British  Secre- 
tary of  State,  nor  are  any  of  its  positions  to  be  prematurely,  unnec- 
essarily, or  indiscreetly  made  known.  But  its  spirit  will  be  your 
guide.     You  will  keep  back  nothing  when  the  time  arrives  for  its 

16 


242  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

being  said  with  dignity,  propriety,  aud  effect,  and  you  will  all  the 
while  be  careful  to  say  nothing  that  will  be  incongruous  or  incon- 
sistent with  the  views  which  it  contains. 

Mr.  Dallas,  in  a  brief  despatch  of  May  2,  tells  us  that  Lord  John 
Russell  recently  requested  an  interview  with  him  on  account  of  the 
solicitude  which  his  lordship  felt  concerning  the  effect  of  certain 
measures  represented  as  likely  to  be  adopted  by  the  President.  In 
that  conversation  the  British  secretary  told  Mr.  Dallas  that  tho 
three  representatives  of  the  Southern  Confederac}'  were  then  in  Lon- 
don, that  Lord  John  Russell  had  not  yet  seen  them,  but  that  he 
was  not  unwilling  to  see  them  unofficially.  He  further  informed 
Mr.  Dallas  that  an  understanding  exists  between  the  British  and 
French  governments  which  would  lead  both  to  take  one  and  the 
same  course  as  to  recognition.  His  lordship  then  referred  to  the 
rumor  of  a  meditated  blockade  by  us  of  southern  ports,  and  a  dis- 
continuance of  them  as  ports  of  entry.  Mr.  Dallas  answered  that 
he  knew  nothing  on  those  topics,  and  therefore  could  say  nothing. 
He  added  that  you  were  expected  to  arrive  in  two  weeks.  Upon 
this  statement  Lord  John  Russell  acquiesced  in  the  expediency  of 
waiting  for  the  full  knowledge  you  were  expected  to  bring. 

The  President  regrets  that  Mr.  Dallas  did  not  protest  against  the 
proposed  unofficial  intercourse  between  the  British  government  and 
the  missionaries  of  the  insurgents.  It  is  due,  however,  to  Mr.  Dal- 
las to  say  that  our  instructions  had  been  given  only  to  you  and  not 
to  him,  and  that  his  loyalty  and  fidelity,  too  rare  in  these  times, 
are  appreciated. 

Intercourse  of  any  kind  with  the  so-called  commissioners  is  liable 
to  be  construed  as  a  recognition  of  the  authority  which  appointed 
them.  Such  intercourse  would  be  none  the  less  hurtful  to  us 
for  being  called  unofficial,  and  it  might  be  even  more  injurious,  be- 
cause we  should  have  no  means  of  knowing  what  points  might  be 
resolved  by  it.  Moreover,  unofficial  intercourse  is  useless  and 
meaningless  if  it  is  not  expected  to  ripen  into  official  intercourse 
and  direct  recognition.  It  is  left  doubtful  here  whether  the  pro- 
posed unofficial  intercourse  has  yet  actually  begun.  Your  own  ante- 
cedent instructions  are  deemed  explicit  enough,  aud  it  is  hoped  that 
you  have  not  misunderstood  them.  You  will,  in  any  event,  desist 
from  all  intercourse  whatever,  unofficial  as  well  as  official,  with  the 
British  government,  so  long  as   it   shall   continue   intercourse   of 


A   PERMANENT   POLICY  DEVELOPED.  243 

either  kind  with  the  domestic  enemies  of  this  country.  When  in- 
tercourse shall  have  been  arrested  for  this  cause,  you  will  communi- 
cate with  this  department  and  receive  further  directions. 

Lord  John  Russell  has  informed  us  of  an  understanding  between 
the  British  and  French  governments  that  they  will  act  together  in 
regard  to  our  affairs.  This  communication,  however,  loses  some- 
thing of  its  value  from  the  circumstance  that  the  communication 
was  withheld  until  after  knowledge  of  the  fact  had  been  acquired 
by  us  from  other  sources.  We  know  also  another  fact  that  has  not 
yet  been  officially  communicated  to  us,  namely  :  That  other  Eu- 
ropean states  are  apprized  by  France  and  England  of  their  agree- 
ment, and  are  expected  to  concur  with  or  follow  them  in  whatever 
measures  they  adopt  on  the  subject  of  recognition.  The  United 
States  have  been  impartial  and  just  in  all  their  conduct  towards  the 
several  nations  of  Europe.  They  will  not  complain,  however,  of 
the  combination  now  announced  by  the  two  leading  powers,  al- 
though they  think  they  had  a  right  to  expect  a  more  independent, 
if  not  a  more  friendly  course,  from  each  of  them.  You  will  take  no 
notice  of  that  or  any  other  alliance.  Whenever  the  European  gov- 
ernments shall  see  fit  to  communicate  directly  with  us,  we  shall  be, 
as  heretofore,  frank  and  explicit  in  our  reply. 

As  to  the  blockade,  you  will  say  that  by  our  own  laws  and  the 
laws  of  nature,  and  the  laws  of  nations,  this  government  has  a  clear 
right  to  suppress  insurrection.  An  exclusion  of  commerce  from  na- 
tional ports  which  have  been  seized  by  insurgents,  in  the  equitable 
form  of  blockade,  is  a  proper  means  to  that  end.  You  will  not 
insist  that  our  blockade  is  to  be  respected,  if  it  be  not  maintained 
by  a  competent  force;  but  passing  by  that  question  as  not  now  a 
practical  or  at  least  an  urgent  one,  you  will  add  that  the  blockade  is 
now,  and  it  will  continue  to  be,  so  maintained,  and  therefore  we 
expect  it  to  be  respected  by  Great  Britain.  You  will  add  that  we 
have  already  revoked  the  exequatur  of  a  Russian  consul  who  had 
enlisted  in  the  military  service  of  the  insurgents,  and  we  shall  dis- 
miss or  demand  the  recall  of  every  foreign  agent,  consular  or  diplo- 
matic, who  shall  either  disobey  the  Federal  laws  or  disown  the 
Federal  authority. 

As  to  the  recognition  of  the  so-called  Southern  Confederacy,  it  is 
not  to  be  made  a  subject  of  technical  definition.  It  is,  of  course,  direct 
recognition  to  publish  an   acknowledgment  of  the  sovereignty  and 


244  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

independence  of  a  new  power.  It  is  direct  recognition  to  receive  its 
embassadors,  ministers,  agents  or  commissioners,  officially-  A  con- 
cession of  belligerent  rights  is  liable  to  be  construed  as  a  recognition 
of  them.  No  one  of  these  proceedings  will  pass  unquestioned  by 
the  United  States  in  this  case. 

Hitherto,  recognition  has  been  moved  only  on  the  assumption 
that  the  so-called  Confederate  States  are  de  facto  a  self-sustaining 
power.  Now,  after  long  forbearance,  designed  to  sooth  discontent 
and  avert  the  need  of  civil  war,  the  land  and  naval  forces  of  the 
United  States  have  been  put  in  motion  to  repress  insurrection.  The 
true  character  of  the  pretended  new  state  is  at  once  revealed.  It  is 
seen  to  be  a  power  existing  in  pronunciamento  only.  It  has  never 
won  a  field.  It  has  obtained  no  forts  that  were  not  virtually  be- 
trayed into  its  hands  or  seized  in  breach  of  trust.  It  commands  not 
a  single  port  on  the  coast  nor  any  highway  out  from  its  pretended 
capital  by  land.  Under  these  circumstances,  Great  Britain  is  called 
upon  to  intervene  and  give  it  body  and  independence  by  resisting 
our  measures  of  suppression.  British  recognition  would  be  British 
intervention,  to  create  within  our  territory  a  hostile  state  by  over- 
throwing this  Republic  itself. 

As  to  the  treatment  of  privateers  in  the  insurgent  service,  you 
will  say  that  this  is  a  question  exclusively  our  own.  We  treat  them 
as  pirates.  They  are  our  own  citizens,  or  persons  employed  by  our 
citizens,  preying  on  the  commerce  of  our  country.  If  Great  Britain 
shall  choose  to  recognize  them  as  lawful  belligerents,  and  give  them 
shelter  from  our  pursuit  and  punishment,  the  laws  of  nations  afford 
an  adequate  and  proper  remedy. 

Happily,  however,  her  Britannic  Majesty's  government  can  avoid 
all  these  difficulties.  It  invited  us  in  1856  to  accede  to  the  declara- 
tion of  the  Congress  of  Paris,  of  which  body  Great  Britain  was  her- 
self a  member,  abolishing  privateering  everywhere  in  all  cases  and 
forever.  You  already  have  our  authority  to  propose  to  her  out 
accession  to  that  declaration.  If  she  refuse  it,  it  can  only  b  ■ 
because  she.  is  willing  to  become  the  patron  of  privateering  when 
aimed  at  our  devastation. 

These  positions  are  not  elaborately  defended  now,  because  to  vin- 
dicate them  would  imply  a  possibility  of  our  waiving  them. 

We  are  not  insensible  of  the  grave  importance  of  this  occasion. 


A   PERMANENT   POLICY   DEVELOPED.  245 

We  see  how,  upon  the  result  of  the  debate  in  which  we  are  engaged, 
a  war  may  ensue  between  the  United  States  and  one,  two,  or  even 
more  European  nations.  War  in  any  case  is  as  exceptional  from 
the  habits  as  it  is  revolting  from  the  sentiments  of  the  American 
people.  But  if  it  come  it  will  be  fully  seen  that  it  results  from  the 
action  of  Great  Britain,  not  our  own  ;  that  Great  Britain  will  have 
decided  to  fraternize  with  our  domestic  enemy  either  without  wait- 
ing to  hear  from  you  our  remonstrances  and  our  warnings,  or  after 
having  heard  them.  War  in  defence  of  national  life  is  not  immoral, 
and  war  in  defence  of  independence  is  an  inevitable  part  of  the  dis- 
cipline of  nations. 

The  dispute  will  be  between  the  European  and  the  American 
branches  of  the  British  race.  All  who  belong  to  that  race  will 
especially  deprecate  it,  as  they  ought.  It  may  well  be  believed 
that  men  of  every  race  and  kindred  will  deplore  it.  A  war  not  un- 
like it  between  the  same  parties  occurred  at  the  close  of  the  last 
century.  Europe  atoned  by  forty  years  of  suffering  for  the  error 
that  Great  Britain  committed  in  provoking  that  contest.  If  that 
nation  shall  now  repeat  the  same  great  error,  the  social  convulsions 
which  will  follow  may  not  be  so  long,  but  they  will  be  more  general. 
When  they  shall  have  ceased,  it  will,  we  think,  be  seen,  whatever 
may  have  been  the  fortunes  of  other  nations,  that  it  is  not  the 
United  States  that  will  have  come  out  of  them  with  its  precious 
Constitution  altered,  or  its  honestly  obtained  dominions  in  any 
degree  abridged.  Great  Britain  has  but  to  wait  a  few  months,  and 
all  her  present  inconveniences  will  cease  with  all  our  own  troubles. 
If  she  take  a  different  course  she  will  calculate  for  herself  the  ulti- 
mate, as  well  as  the  immediate  consequences,  and  will  consider  what 
position  she  will  hold  when  she  shall  have  forever  lost  the  sympa- 
thies and  affections  of  the  only  nation  on  whose  sympathies  and 
affections  she  has  a  natural  claim.  In  making  that  calculation  she 
will  do  well  to  remember  that  in  the  controversy  she  proposes  to 
open  we  shall  be  actuated  by  neither  pride,  nor  passion,  nor  cupid- 
ity, nor  ambition  ;  but  we  shall  stand  simply  on  the  principle  of  self- 
preservation,  and  that  our  cause  will  involve  the  independence  of 
nations  and  tlie  rights  of  human  nature. 


246  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.   Clay. 

May  6,  1861.  —  Nations,  like  individuals,  have  three  prominent 
wants;  firstly,  freedom  ;  secondly,  prosperity;  thirdly,  friends.  The 
United  States  early  secured  the  two  first  objects  by  the  exercise  of 
courage  and  enterprise.  But,  although  they  have  always  practised 
singular  moderation,  they  nevertheless  have  been  slow  in  winning 
friends. 

Russia  presents  an  exceptional  case.  That  power  was  an  early, 
and  it  has  always  been  a  constant  friend.  This  relationship  between 
two  nations,  so  remote  and  so  unlike,  has  excited  much  surprise,  but 
the  explanation  is  obvious.  Russia,  like  the  United  States,  is  an  im- 
proving and  expanding  empire.  Its  track  is  eastward,  while  that 
of  the  United  States  is  westward.  The  two  nations,  therefore 
never  come  into  rivalry  or  conflict.  Each  carries  civilization  to  the 
new  regions  it  enters,  and  each  finds  itself  occasionally  resisted  by 
states  jealous  of  its  prosperity,  or  alarmed  by  its  aggrandizement. 
Russia  and  the  United  States  may  remain  good  friends  until,  each 
having  made  a  circuit  of  half  the  globe  in  opposite  directions,  they 
shall  meet  and  greet  each  other  in  the  region  where  civilization  first 
began,  and  where,  after  so  many  ages,  it  has  become  now  lethargic 
and  helpless.  It  will  be  your  pleasing  duty  to  confirm  and  strength- 
en these  traditional  relations  of  amity  and  friendship.  Assure  his 
Imperial  Majesty  that  the  President  and  the  people  of  the  United 
States  have  observed  with  admiration  and  sympathy  the  great  and 
humane  efforts  he  has  so  recently  made  for  the  material  and  moral 
improvement  of  his  empire  by  the  extension  of  telegraphs  and  rail- 
roads, and  by  removing  the  disabilities  of  slavery.  Make  it  your 
duty  to  inquire  whether  the  sluggish  course  of  commerce  between 
the  two  nations  cannot  be  quickened,  and  its  volume  increased. 
Russia  is  capable  of  receiving  cotton  and  tobacco  from  us  in  much 
larger  quantities  than  we  now  send.  The  former  is  not  a  staple  of 
that  country,  and  although  it  produces  tobacco,  yet  not  of  so  high  a 
quality  as  that  which  we  send  abroad,  and  of  which  Russia  consumes 
more  than   any   other   nation. 

We  can  well  receive  from  that  country  increased  quantities 
of  hemp  and  flax,  tallow,  and  other  productions  in  exchange. 
Russia  is  liberal  to  our  inventors,  engineers,  and  machinists  ;  but 
vicious  adventurers  too  often  abuse   this   generous  encouragement 


SLAVERY  THE  CAUSE  OF  THE  "WAR.  247 

by  fraudulent  practices.  See  if  you  can  devise  a  plan  for  correct- 
ing this  evil.  I  suggest  that  it  might  be  done  by  effecting  free 
interchange  of  newspapers  and  scientific  journals.  A  Russian 
landing  at  New  York  can  cross  this  Western  continent  without 
once  being  required  to  exhibit  a  passport.  Why  will  not  Russia 
extend  the  same  hospitality  to  us,  and  enable  the  American 
citizen,  when  he  debarks  at  Revel,  to  cross  the  Eastern  continent 
in  like  manner  unquestioned.  The  American  abroad  is  not  more 
than  the  Russian  a  propagandist,  and  while  Russia  pursues  the 
general  policy  of  the  present  reign  it  can  have  nothing  to  fear  from 
American  influences.  In  another  paper  which  accompanies  this 
your  attention  is  especially  directed  to  the  subject  of  amendments 
of  the  international  code  of  maritime  law  in  regard  to  neutrals,  pro- 
posed in  1856  by  the  congress  which  was  then  sitting  at  Paris,  of 
which  body  Russia  was  a  member. 

If  nations  were  now,  as  in  ancient  times,  morally  independent 
and  unsocial,  the  President  would  not  have  occasion  to  address  our 
representatives  in  Europe  on  the  painful  events  which  are  subjects 
of  intense  solicitude  at  home.  But  the  world,  has,  in  a  measured 
degree,  become  one  commonwealth.  Nations  favor  or  discourage 
political  changes  in  other  nations,  and  exercise  influences  upon  their 
success  and  fortunes,  sometimes  from  interest,  sometimes  from  sym- 
pathy, and  sometimes  from  caprice. 

Although  this  general  fact  is  so  well  understood,  yet  the  President 
indulges  so  uncompromising  a  sense  of  the  national  dignity  and 
honor,  that  he,  nevertheless,  would  not  suffer  a  word  on  the  subject 
to  escape  from  the  lips  of  one  of  our  ministers  abroad,  if  our  discon- 
tented fellow-citizens  who  have  raised  the  standard  of  insurrection 
had  not  sent  out  their  agents  to  propitiate  foreign  powers  and  en- 
gage their  cooperation  in  the  desperate  attempt  they  are  making  to 
overthrow  the  institutions  and  the  liberties  of  the  American  people. 
You  will,  of  course,  meet  such  agents  in  Russia.  They  have  some 
advantages  in  Europe  of  which  you  should  be  warned. 

What  is  now  the  insurrectionary  party  in  the  United  States  has 
been  for  near  forty  years,  and  until  the  fourth  day  of  March  last, 
the  dominant  party  in  the  administration  of  this  government.  It 
has  acquaintances  and  friendships  in  high  places  there,  the  growth 
of  long  intercourse  in  foreign  courts,  with  the  prestige  of  political 
authority.   The  late  minister  to  Russia  returned,  however,  to  be  the 


248  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

governor  of  South  Carolina  at  the  moment  when  that  state  was  in 
the  very  act  of  inaugurating  the  present  revolution. 

When  those  agents  shall  present  themselves  at  St.  Petersburg,  his 
Imperial  Majesty,  before  granting  them  a  hearing,  will  naturally 
address  himself  to  you,  and  will  ask  you :  What  is  the  cause  of  this 
revolution  ?  What  is  its  object?  Why  does  the  government  resist 
it?  What  is  the  present  condition  of  the  revolution,  and  what  are 
its  prospects?  What  are  the  probable  consequences  of  its  success, 
or  of  its  failure  ?  And,  finally,  what  does  the  President  desire  or 
expect  from  his  Imperial  Majesty  in  regard  to  it? 

The  President  will  not  forget,  nor  will  he  allow  you  to  forget, 
that  he  is  the  magistrate  of  the  insurrectionary,  as  he  is  also  of  the 
loyal  states,  and  in  all  his  dealings  concerning  the  plotters,  aiders, 
and  abettors  of  this  great  conspiracy  he  will  constantly  remember 
that  the  people  in  whose  name  they  act,  and  whose  power  they 
abuse,  are  still  citizens  of  the  Republic.  He  believes,  however,  that 
you  may  answer  all  the  questions  thus  contemplated  without  com- 
promising the  impartiality  of  this  government,  or  the  dignity  and 
honor  of  the  Federal  Union. 

As  to  the  cause  of  the  revolution,  you-  will  inform  the  Russian 
government  that  African  slavei-y  was  found  existing  in  nearly  all 
the  states,  when,  seventy  years  ago,  they  met,  and  by  a  written 
Constitution,  established  that  Union.  It  was  expected  that  under 
the  operation  of  moral,  social,  and  political  influences  then  existing 
the  practice  of  slavery  would  soon  cease.  The  foreign  slave  trade 
was  abolished  to  favor  that  end,  while  the  vacant  common  domain 
which  lay  between  the  Alleghany  Mountains  and  the  Mississippi 
River  was  shut  up  against  slavery  by  legislation  then  believed  to 
be  effective  and  eternal.  Cotton  soon  afterward  became  an  object 
of  great  commercial  demand  ;  the  soil  and  climate  of  those  states  of 
this  Union  which  are  situate  near  and  upon  the  Gulf  of  Mexico 
were  favorable  to  its  growth,  and  African  slave  labor  existed  therein 
practically  to  the  exclusion  of  the  labor  of  free  white  men. 

The  raising  of  slaves  of  the  African  race  to  supply  the  wants  of 
the  cotton-growing  states  became  a  prominent  economical  interest 
in  the  grain  and  tobacco-growing  states  adjacent  to  the  former  class 
of  states.  The  interest  of  slavery  became  at  once  the  basis  of  the 
policy,  and  even  of  the  polity  of  these  two  classes  of  states,  and  by 
political,  social,  and  commercial  connections  those  interests  secured 


SLAVERY   THE   CAUSE   OF   THE   WAR.  249 

a  strong  and  even  controlling  influence  throughout  the  whole 
Union,  and  even  in  all  foreign  commercial  countries.  This  interest 
of  slavery  was  jealous  and  apprehensive  of  danger  from  the  growth 
of  the  democratic  element  of  free  white  labor,  which  all  the  while 
has  been  constantly  augmented  by  native  increase  and  immigration 
from  Europe. 

The  several  states  of  the  Union,  whatever  be  their  population, 
enjoy  equal  representation  in  the  Senate.  Congress  may,  and  from 
manifest  causes  must,  admit  new  states  into  the  Union.  The  slave- 
holding  interest  naturally  desired  to  extend  slavery  and  multiply 
slave  states.  The  free  states  necessarily  desired,  as  they  constitu- 
tionally might,  to  prevent  the  extension  of  slavery  in  regions  where 
it  did  not  exist  or  had  been  abolished,  and  so  to  multiply  free  states. 
The  acquisitions  of  new  domain  by  purchases  from  France,  Spain, 
and  Mexico,  to  be  the  seat  of  future  states,  opened  a  wide  theatre 
for  this  contest,  and  the  contest  itself  by  degrees  came  to  be  a  chief 
feature  in  the  debates  of  Congress,  and  in  the  canvasses  of  the  pop- 
ular elections. 

The  interest  of  slavery  was  consolidated  and  compact  in  the  slave 
states,  and  acquired  great  power  by  threatening  that  if  overruled 
those  states  would  secede  and  dissolve  the  Union,  which  the  free 
states  traditionally,  as  well  as  justly,  regarded  as  fatal  to  the  pros- 
perity, safety,  and  happiness  of  the  whole  American  people.  States- 
men of  all  classes  and  all  parties,  on  that  ground,  continually 
conceded,  and  Congress  and  the  judiciary  constantly  compromised 
with  the  slave  interest  in  opposition  to  steadily  advancing  popular 
convictions  of  right,  duty,  and  patriotism,  until  at  last  all  legal 
barriers  against  the  extension  of  slavery  were  in  one  way  or  in 
another  thrown  down.  Transactions  so  unnatural  roused  the  inter- 
est opposed  to  slavery  to  renewed  effort  in  the  popular  election  of 
the  last  year,  and  that  election  resulted  in  the  choice  of  the  present 
incumbent  for  the  office  of  President  of  the  United  States,  although 
without  a  majority  of  either  house  of  Congress  identified  with  this 
interest. 

The  party  of  slavery,  which  had  thus,  for  the  first  time,  been  dis- 
tinctly, though  not  completely  unsuccessful  in  a  popular  election, 
instantly,  and  four  months  before  the  constitutional  period  assigned 
for  the  inauguration  of  the  new  President,  took  an  appeal  from  the 
verdict  of  the  people,  rendered  through  the  ballot-box,  to  the  sword, 
and  organized  a  revolution  with  civil  war. 


250  SELECTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Such  was  the  cause  of  the  revolution.  Its  object  is  to  create  a 
nation  built  upon  the  principle  that  African  slavery  is  necessary, 
just,  wise,  and  beneficent,  and  that  it  may  and  must  be  expanded 
over  the  central  portion  of  the  American  continent  and  islands 
without  check  or  resistance,  at  whatever  cost  and  sacrifice  to  the 
welfare  and  happiness  of  the  human  race.  The  government  of  the 
United  States  resists  this  revolution  for  reasons  too  many  to  be 
hastily  set  forth.  It  is  absolutely  unnecessary.  All  existing  interests 
of  slavery  are  protected  now,  as  heretofore,  by  our  Federal  and 
state  constitutions,  sufficiently  to  prevent  the  destruction  or  moles- 
tation of  the  institution  of  slavery  where  it  exists,  by  Federal  or  for- 
eign intervention,  without  the  consent  of  the  parties  concerned. 
The  policy  of  fortifying  and  extending  slavery  in  regions  where  it 
has  no  existence  is  injurious,  vicious,  and  eminently  dangerous  to 
our  own  country  and  to  mankind. 

Dismemberment  of  the  Union,  however  effected  and  for  whatever 
cause,  would  be  destruction  of  the  safety,  happiness,  and  welfare  of 
the  whole  American  people,  and  would,  by  its  influence,  render  the 
present  establishment  of  any  popular  form  of  government  impracti- 
cable in  an  age  and  in  a  region  where  no  other  than  just  such  a 
form  of  government  is  known  or  could  be  tolerated. 

The  condition  of  the  revolution  is  this,  namely :  In  the  United 
States  the  people  always  exercise  a  direct  and  potential  influence 
upon  the  government.  They  were  at  first  incredulous  of  the  fact 
that  a  revolution  so  unnecessary,  so  unnatural,  and  so  fatal,  was 
seriously  intended.  They  saw  it  move  steadily  on,  but  were  be- 
guiled by  the  appeals  of  mediators,  who  proposed  at  once  to  avert 
disunion  and  to  prevent  the  calamity  of  civil  war.  The  govern- 
ment was  temporarily  demoralized  by  the  presence  of  the  conspira- 
tors in  controlling  numbers  in  the  administration,  in  Congress,  in 
the  army,  in  the  navy,  and  in  every  department  of  the  public  ser- 
vice. But  at  last,  when  it  became  -clearly  revealed  that  nothing 
less  than  subversion  of  the  Federal  Republic  would  satisfy  the  insur- 
gents, and  that  the  forbearance  and  moderation  of  the  government 
towards  them  wei*e  abused  to  the  purpose  of  preparing  a  deadly  and 
desolating  war,  the  loyalty  of  the  people  suddenly  awakened  ;  the 
government,  sustained  by  popular  enthusiasm  and  energy,  has  put 
forth  all  the  necessary  power;  the  revolution  has  at  once  been 
checked,  and  it  is  no  longer  doubtful  that  it  will  be  promptly  and 
effectually  suppressed. 


THE   UNION   A   NECESSITY.  251 

It  had  its  origin  in  disappointment;  and  it  depends  for  continu- 
ance only  on  popular  passions,  the  occasion  for  which  has  passed 
away,  while  such  passions  are  not  in  harmony  with  the  character, 
sentiments,  and  habits  of  the  American  people. 

When  it  shall  be  seen,  as  it  soon  will  be,  that  the  effort  to  over- 
throw the  government  is  hopeless,  the  misguided  citizens  who  have 
joined  themselves  to  the  revolutionary  standard  will  resume  their 
accustomed  habits  of  reason  and  reflection,  and  the  Union,  having 
surmounted  a  new  and  formidable  danger,  will  be  stronger  than 
ever  before. 

What  would  be  the  consequences  of  the  revolution  if  it  could  be 
successful  ?  The  answer  is  obvious.  At  first,  division  of  this 
great  and  hitherto  peaceful  and  happy  country  into  two  hostile  and 
belligerent  republics.  Later,  a  resolution  of  each  of  those  two 
republics  into  an  indefinite  number  of  petty,  hostile,  and  belliger- 
ent states.  Local  jealousies,  continually  agitated,  would,  early  or 
late,  be  aggravated  by  the  horrors  of  a  servile  war,  filling  the  whole 
country  with  desolation.  The  end  would  be  military  despotism, 
compelling  peace  where  free  government  had  proved  an  absolute  and 
irretrievable  failure. 

The  equilibrium  of  the  nations,  maintained  by  this  Republic,  on 
the  one  side,  against  the  European  system  on  the  other  continent, 
would  be  lost,  and  the  struggles  of  nations  in  that  system  for  domin- 
ion in  this  hemisphere  and  on  the  high  seas,  which  constitutes  the 
chief  portion  of  the  world's  history  in  the  eighteenth  century,  would 
be  renewed.  The  progress  of  freedom  and  civilization,  now  so  hap- 
pily inaugurated,  would  be  arrested,  and  the  hopes  of  humanity 
w'uirh  this  the  present  century  has  brought  forth  would  be  disap- 
pointed and  indefinitely  postponed. 

What  will  be  the  consequences  of  the  failure  of  the  revolution  ? 
The  continuance  of  the  country  in  the  happy  career  that  it  has 
pursued  so  auspiciously,  to  the  repose  of  nations  and  to  the  improve- 
ment of  the  condition  of  mankind. 

What  does  the  President  require  or  expect  from  the  Emperor  of 
Russia  ?  That  sovereign  is  expected  to  do  just  what  this  govern- 
ment does  in  regard  to  Russia  and  all  other  nations.  It  refrains 
from  all  intervention  whatever  in  their  political  affairs;  and  it  ex- 
pects the  same  just  and  generous  forbearance  in  return.  It  has  too 
much  self-respect  to  ask  more,  and  too  high  a  sense  of  its  rights  to 
accept  anything  less. 


252  SELECTIONS    FROM   DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  high  character  of  the  government  of  Russia  warrants  these 
moderate  and  just  expectations. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Marsh. 

May  9,  1861.  —  I  know  that  you  will  be  welcome  at  Turin. 
Count  Cavour,  a  true  exponent  of  the  sentiments  of  a  generous  sov- 
ereign, will  be  rejoiced  to  receive  from  this  country  a  minister  who 
will  not  manifest  repugnance  to  the  aspirations  of  the  Italian  people 
for  liberty  and  unity.  The  government  of  the  United  States  prac- 
tises non-intervention  in  all  other  countries  and  in  the  controversies 
between  them.  You  are  at  liberty,  however,  and  indeed,  are  espec- 
ially charged,  to  assure  his  Majesty  that  he  is  held  in  high  consider- 
ation by  the  President  and  the  people  of  the  United  States.  You 
will  further  assure  him  that  it  is  a  source  of  sincere  satisfaction  to 
this  government  that  Italy  seems  to  be  even  more  prosperous  and 
happy  now  under  his  government,  although  enjoying  only  short 
respites  from  revolutionary  struggles  for  independence,  than  it  has 
been  at  many  periods  long  gone  by,  when  despotism  shielded  that 
classic  region  from  turbulence  and  civil  commotion. 

You  will  learn  from  observation  that  government,  even  when  its 
councils  are  inspired  by  patriotism  and  humanity,  has  its  trials  and 
embarrassments  as  well  in  Italy  as  elsewhere.  How  to  save  the 
country  from  the  ambitious  designs  of  dangerous  neighbors  on 
either  hand  —  how  to  reconcile  the  national  passion  for  freedom 
with  the  profound  national  veneration  for  ecclesiastical  authority  — 
how  to  harmonize  the  lassitude  of  society  in  the  Mediterranean 
provinces  with  the  vigor  that  prevails  along  the  Apennines,  and  how 
to  conduct  affairs  with  so  much  moderation  as  to  win  the  confidence- 
of  the  conservative  interests,  and  yet  not  to  lose  the  necessary  sup- 
port of  the  propagandists  of  freedom,  are  tasks  witnessed  there 
which  will  convince  the  American  statesman  that  even  in  that  coun- 
try the  establishment  and  maintenance  of  free  government  are 
attended  with  difficulties  as  formidable  as  those  which  sometimes 
produce  political  despondency  in  our  own. 

Since  the  inauguration  of  the  President  it  has  been  my  duty  to 
prepare,  under  his  directions,  instructions  to  many  of  our  ministers 
going  abroad.  The  burden  of  them  all  has  been,  not  the  ordinary 
incidents  of  international  hospitality  and  commerce,  which  reduce 


RECOGNITION   TO   BE  PREVENTED.  253 

diplomacy  to  a  monotonous  routine,  but  the  extraordinary  and  some- 
times alarming  condition  of  our  own  internal  affairs,  threatened 
with  the  complication,  most  of  all  to  be  deprecated,  of  intervention, 
in  some  form  or  other,  by  European  nations. 

This  foreign  danger  arose  chiefly  out  of  the  deplorable  condition 
of  affairs  at  home.  The  administration  found  the  government  dis- 
organized by  the  presence  of  disunionists  of  high  position  and 
authority  in  all  its  departments.  Some  time  was  necessary  to  elimi- 
nate them  before  any  decisive  policy  could  be  adopted.  It  was, 
moreover,  necessary  to  forbear  from  demonstrations  of  Federal  au- 
thority that  might  be  represented  as  aggressive,  to  allow  the  revolu- 
tion to  reveal  its  alarming  proportions  and  boldly  proclaim  its  des- 
perate and  destructive  designs. 

It  was  seen  all  the  time  that  these  needful  delays  were  liable  to 
be  misunderstood  abroad,  and  that  the  malcontents  would  endeavor 
to  take  advantage  of  them  there.  The  government  has,  therefore, 
not  been  surprised,  although  it  has  been  deeply  grieved,  to  see  the 
agents  of  the  revolutionary  party,  perhaps  even  with  the  concur- 
rence of  some  of  our  own  demoralized  ministers  in  Europe,  insidi- 
ously seeking  to  obtain  from  some  of  its  sovereigns  a  recognition 
of  the  projected  treasonable  Confederacy. 

It  has  been  no  easy  task  to  study  the  sophisms,  arts,  and  applian- 
ces which  they  might  be  expected  to  use  in  the  highly  commercial 
circles  of  Belgium,  Paris,  and  London.  It  was,  nevertheless,  neces- 
sary to  attempt  it,  for  human  nature  is  at  least  no  more  moral,  just, 
or  virtuous  in  courts  than  it  is  in  private  life.  There  is  no  such 
embarrassment,  however,  in  the  present  case.  It  often  happens 
that  foreign  observers,  if  candid,  understand  American  questions 
quite  as  well  as  Americans  themselves.  Botta  and  De  Tocqueville 
were  of  this  class.  So  Count  Cavour  cannot  be  at  any  loss  to  un- 
derstand the  present  political  condition  of  the  United  States. 

The  American  Revolution  of  1776,  with  its  benignant  results,  was 
due  to  the  happy  combination  of  three  effective  political  ideas : 
First,  that  of  emancipation  from  the  distant  European  control  of 
Great  Britain  ;  second,  popular  desire  for  an  enlargement  of  the 
political  rights  of  the  individual  members  of  the  state  upon  the 
acknowledged  theory  of  the  natural  rights  of  man  ;  third,  the  want 
of  union  among  the  states  to  secure  safety,  tranquillity,  aggrandize- 
ment, and  fame. 


254  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  revolution  attempted  in  1861  is  a  spasmodic  reaction  against 
the  Revolution  of  1776.  It  combines  the  three  ideas  which  were 
put  down,  but  not  extinguished,  in  that  great  war,  namely :  First, 
European  authority  to  regulate  political  affairs  in  this  continent; 
second,  the  aggrandizement  and  extension  of  human  slavery ;  third, 
disunion,  dissolution,  anarchy. 

Any  impartial  thinker  can  see  that  an  attempt  at  a  revolution  so 
unnatural  and  perverse  as  this  could  never  have  been  embraced  by 
any  portion  of  the  American  people,  except  in  a  moment  of  frenzied 
partisan  disappointment ;  that  it  has  no  one  element  of  success  at 
home,  and  that  it  is  even  more  portentous  to  all  other  governments 
than  to  our  own.  It  is  painful  to  see  faction  stalking  abroad  in 
one's  native  land.  But  faction  is  incident  to  every  state,  because  it 
is  inherent  in  human  nature.  We  prefer,  if  it  must  come,  that 
it  come  in  just  its  present  form  and  character.  It  will  perish  by 
simply  coming  to  confront  the  American  people,  for  the  first  time 
brought  to  meet  that  enemy  of  national  peace  and  safety  in  arms. 
The  people  are  aroused,  awakened,  resolute  and  determined.  The 
danger  is,  therefore,  already  passed.  We  no  longer  fear  —  indeed, 
we  hardly  deprecate  —  the  disaster  of  civil  war  brought  upon  us 
without  fault.  We  now  see  that  it  may  be  regarded  as  a  necessary 
trial  to  preserve  the  perfection  of  our  Constitution,  and  to  remove 
all  remaining  distrust  of  its  durability  and  its  adaptation  to  the 
universal  wants  of  mankind. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Fogg. 

May  15,  1861.  —  For  the  first  time  in  our  history  the  standard  of 
civil  war  has  been  raised  with  the  purpose  of  overthrowing  the  Fed- 
eral Republic.  It  is  a  cardinal  point  with  the  seditious  in  modern 
revolutions  to  gain  aid,  or  at  least  sympathy,  in  foreign  countries. 
That  sympathy  is  sought  in  the  form  of  recognition  of  the  simu- 
lated sovereignty  set  up  by  faction.  An  act  of  recognition  carries 
moral  weight,  and  material  aid  is  expected  soon  to  follow  it.  No 
state  ought  to  lend  its  support  to  revolution  in  a  foreign  country 
except  upon  motives  of  justice  and  humanity.  But  in  point  of  fact 
these  motives  seldom  prevail,  and  nations  generally  act  in  such  cases 
upon  calculations  of  profit  or  ambition,  or  in  the  wantonness  of 
mere  caprice.  It  is  well  understood  here  that  the  revolutionary  fac- 
tion has  its  agents  abroad,  soliciting  European  powers  to  intervene 


SWITZERLAND.  255 

in  this  unhappy  civil  war.  It  has  therefore  been  my  duty,  under 
the  President's  authority,  to  instruct  our  representatives  there  how- 
to  meet  them  and  counteract  their  designs.  I  could  easily  imagine 
that  either  Great  Britain,  Fiance,  Russia,  Austria,  Prussia,  Belgi- 
um, Spain,  or  even  Denmark,  might  suppose  that  it  could  acquire' 
some  advantage,  or  at  least  some  satisfaction  to  itself,  from  a  change 
that  should  abridge  the  dominion,  the  commerce,  the  prosperity,  or 
influence  of  the  United  States.  Each  of  them  might  be  believed  to 
have  envious  sentiments  towards  us,  which  would  delight  in  an 
opportunity  to  do  us  harm.  I  have  therefore  first  addressed  myself 
to  the  consideration  of  our  relations  with  those  countries.  It  is 
otherwise  with  Italy  and  Switzerland.  The  former  is  yet  hotly  en- 
gaged in  the  struggle  to  secure  freedom  and  unity,  and  the  latter 
enviably  distinguished  by  the  rare  enjoyment  of  both.  Human 
nature  must  lose  not  only  the  faculty  of  reason  which  lifts  it  above 
the  inferior  beings,  but  also  the  benevolence  which  lifts  it  up  to 
commune  with  superior  orders  of  existence,  when  the  security,  wel- 
fare, and  happiness  of  the  United  States  shall  have  become  even  a 
matter  of  indifference  to  Italy  or  Switzerland.  I  salute  Switzerland 
last  among  the  European  nations  only  because  we  esteem  and  con- 
fide in  her  most. 

You  will  say  this,  or  anything  else  that  may  occur  to  you  that 
would  more  pleasantly  or  more  effectually  assure  the  government  of 
Switzerland  of  the  cordial  good  wishes  cherished  for  it  by  the  Pres- 
ident and  the  people  of' the  United  States.  You  will,  of  course, 
need  to  say  nothing  to  the  government  on  the  subject  of  the  domes- 
tic difficulties  to  which  I  have  already  adverted.  You  will,  never- 
theless, not  be  absolutely  free  from  all  responsibility  on  this  head. 
You  are  in  a  region  where  men  of  inquiring  mind  and  active  habit 
seek  a  temporary  respite  from  severe  studies  and  exhausting  labors. 
The  world's  affairs  are  discussed  freely,  and  the  sentiments  and 
opinions  which  influence  the  conduct  and  affect  the  prospects  of 
nations  are  very  often  formed  in  the  mountains  and  dells  of  Switz- 
erland. You  will  meet  there,  if  no  others,  many  of  our  own 
fellow-citizens,  doubtless  of  both  classes  —  the  disloyal,  sometimes, 
as  well  as  those  who  are  loyal  to  the  Constitution  and  the  Union. 
Improve  the  calmness  and  candor  which  the  contemplation  of  nature 
inspires  to  dissuade  the  discontented  American  from  his  unnatural 
course  and  pernicious  convictions,  and  to  excite  the  loyal  to  return 


256  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

home  as  speedily  as  possible  to  speak,  to  vote,  and,  if  need  be,  to  en- 
roll himself  as  a  soldier  or  a  sailor  in  the  land  or  naval  forces  for  the 
defence  of  his  country,  of  freedom,  and  of  mankind. 

Seventy  years  of  tranquillity  and  harmony,  unparalleled  in  the 
experience  of  states,  have  made  us  misunderstand  the  stage  in  our 
national  career  at  which  we  have  arrived.  We  had  to  prove,  by 
demonstration  in  war,  that  these  institutions  are  adapted  to  defence 
against  aggression,  and  even  for  aggrandizement  of  empire.  The 
proof  was  given,  and  the  world  has  nobly  confessed  the.  truth  estab- 
lished. We  assumed  that  faction  could  not  gain  consistency  and  make 
head  under  institutions  so  free,  so  equal,  so  just,  and  so  beneficent. 
This  was  a  mistake  less  in  regard  to  our  institutions  than  in  regard 
to  human  nature  itself.  But  self-complacent,  and  consequently  self- 
deceived,  we  have  come  all  of  a  sudden  to  meet  the  emergency  of 
civil  war,  and  we  find  ourselves  obliged  to  demonstrate  that  our 
government  is  adapted  to  resist  and  overcome  domestic  faction.  It 
is  a  momentous  but  necessary  trial.  Perhaps  it  has  not  come  too 
soon.  Certainly  we  have  no  apprehension  of  failure.  Revolutions 
are  seldom  successful,  even  when  they  have  just  causes.  Revolution 
without  a  good  cause,  amounting  to  absolute,  necessity,  is  never  pos- 
sible in  a  country  where  stable  government  is  at  all  known  by  expe- 
rience of  its  blessings.  The  present  attempt  at  revolution  is  based 
on  no  alleged  experience  of  oppression.  It  puts  forth  only  appre- 
hensions of  danger  of  oppression,  which  the  form  of  the  Constitution 
and  the  experience  of  its  actual  working  proves  to  be  altogether 
impossible.  It  is  a  revolution  originating  only  in  disappointed 
personal  ambition.  Personal  ambition  is  the  least  effective  of  all  the 
political  agencies  that  can  be  found  in  an  extended  Federal  repub- 
lic. The  revolution  aims  at  the  life  of  the  country.  It  gathers  the 
support  of  only  that  small,  though  very  active,  class  of  persons  who 
are  so  thoughtless  as  to  be  insensible  to  the  importance  of  having  a 
country  to  protect  and  defend,  with  benefit  to  themselves  and  their 
posterity.  Against  it  are  arrayed  the  larger  portion  of  our  people 
with  whom  love  of  country  is  the  first  and  strongest  of  all  the 
social  passions  —  that  holy  sentiment  which  in  mature  life  is  the 
strongest  passion  of  our  common  humanity. 

Tell  the  Swiss  Republic,  then,  that  with  God's  blessing  we  will 
preserve  this  model  of  Federal  Republican  government  by  which 
they  have  reformed  their  institutions,  and  we  invoke  them  to  retain 


THE   NETHERLANDS.  257 

their  own  with  no  less  fidelity.  So  Switzerland  and  the  United 
States  shall  in  after  ages  be  honored  as  the  founders  of  the  only 
true  and  beneficent  system  of  human  government  —  a  system  that 
harmonizes  needful  authority  with  the  preservation  of  the  natural 
rights  of  man.  Every  free  citizen  of  Switzerland  who  comes  here, 
so  long  as  he  remains,  is  practically  a  citizen  of  the  United  States. 
He  goes  in  and  out  everywhere  unchallenged.  Nevertheless,  the 
American  citizen  in  Switzerland  is  a  stranger,  and  the  reiterated 
demand  for  his  passport  at  every  angle  in  his  course  reminds  him 
painfully  that  he  is  suspected.  His  least  elevated  motive  for  going 
there  is  trade  and  commerce  ;  but  the  objects  of  most  of  our  citizens 
in  visiting  Alpine  countries  are  health  and  study  of  the  more  sub- 
lime and  attractive  features  of  nature,  and  a  fervent  admiration  for 
the  free  people  who  dwell  among  them.  In  the  United  States  there 
is  not  one  man  base  enough  to  do  or  wish  an  injury  to  the  enlight- 
ened government  or  to  the  people  of  Switzerland.  Why,  then, 
should  not  the  government  of  that  country  make  us  conscious  of  its 
confidence  by  allowing  us  the  enjoyment  of  national  hospitality 
while  we  are  sojourning  in  their  beautiful  country? 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Pike. 

May  16,  1861.  —  The  government  is  preoccupied  with  the  civil 
war  which  has  been  inaugurated  with  the  reckless  purpose  of  over- 
throwing the  Constitution  and  the  Federal  Union.  It  has  little 
time  to  think  of  our  foreign  relations,  and  when  it  does  think  of 
them  it  is  chiefly  to  consider  how  and  in  what  way  it  can  most 
effectually  counteract  the  efforts  of  the  revolutionists  to  procure 
European  intervention  in  their  favor. 

The  Netherlands  lost  even  their  independence  for  a  time  through 
the  disastrous  operations  of  the  French  Revolution  of  1789.  They 
are  slowly,  but  surely,  recovering  advantages  and  prestige  which 
they  enjoyed  before  that  calamity  occurred.  Their  policy  is  peace 
and  friendship  with  all  nations,  and  certainly  they  have  always  mani- 
fested the  most  liberal  sentiments  towards  the  United  States.  In 
view  of  these  circumstances  and  dispositions  the  President  does  not 
apprehend  any  danger  that  the  government  of  the  Netherlands,  or 
its  very  intelligent  people,  will  lend  aid,  countenance,  or  sympathy 
to  the  misguided  partisans  who,  in  a  frenzy  of  passion,  are  compass- 
ing the  ruin  of  our  country. 
17 


258  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

May  30,  1861.  —  Mr.  Sanford,  who  was  requested  by  me  to  look 
to  our  interests  in  Paris  in  the  interval  which  might  elapse  be- 
tween the  withdrawal  of  Mr.  Faulkner  and  your  own  arrival,  has 
transmitted  to  me  an  account  of  a  very  interesting  conversation 
which  he  has  recently  held  with  Mr.  Thouvenel  on  our  internal 
affairs. 

In  that  conversation  Mr.  Thouvenel  intimated  that,  in  view  of 
the  great  commercial  interests  which  are  involved  in  the  domestic 
controversy  which  .is  now  agitating  the  United  States,  the  French 
government  had  felt  itself  constrained  to  take  measures,  in  conjunc- 
tion with  the  government  of  Great  Britain,  to  meet  a  condition  of 
things  which  imperiled  those  interests. '  That  it  had  been  decided 
that  communications  of  a  similar  tenor  should  be  addressed  by 
both  of  those  governments  to  the  government  of  the  United  States, 
and  that  those  communications  would  be  forwarded  in  the  current 
week.  Mr.  Thouvenel  kindly  foreshadowed  the  points  of  those 
communications. 

As  those  papers  may  be  expected  to  arrive  by,  perhaps,  the  next 
steamer,  I  shall  reserve  comments  upon  the  propositions  indicated 
until  they  shall  thus  be  fully  and  directly  brought  to  the  attention 
of  the  President.  There  are,  however,  some  points  in  the  conversa- 
tion, or  suggested  by  it,  which  I  cannot  properly  suffer  to  pass 
unnoticed. 

First.  I  desire  that  Mr.  Thouvenel  may  be  informed  that  this 
government  cannot  but  regard  any  communications  held  by  the 
French  government,  even  though  unofficial,  with  the  agents  of  the 
insurrectionary  movement  in  this  country  as  exceptionable  and  in- 
jurious to  the  dignity  and  honor  of  the  United  States.  They  pro- 
test against  this  intercourse,  however,  not  so  much  on  that  ground 
as  on  another.  They  desire  to  maintain  the  most  cordial  relations 
with  the  government  of  France,  and  would  therefore,  if  possible, 
refrain  from  complaint.  But  it  is  manifest  that  even  an  unofficial 
reception  of  the  emissaries  of  disunion  has  a  certain  though  meas- 
ured tendency  to  give  them  a  prestige  which  would  encourage  their 
efforts  to  prosecute  a  civil  war  destructive  to  the  prosperity  of  this 
country  and  aimed  at  the  overthrow  of  the  government  itself.  It 
is  earnestly  hoped  that  this  protest  may  be  sufficient  to  relieve  this 


MEDIATION   INADMISSIBLE.  259 

government  from  the  necessity  of  any  action  on  the  unpleasant  sub- 
ject to  which  it  relates. 

Secondly.  The  United  States  cannot  for  a  moment  allow  the 
French  government  to  rest  under  the  delusive  belief  that  they  will 
be  content  to  have  the  Confederate  States  recognized  as  a  bel- 
ligerent power  by  the  states  with  which  this  nation  is  in  amity. 
No  concert  of  action  among  foreign  states  so  recognizing  the  insur- 
gents can  reconcile  the  United  States  to  such  a  proceeding,  what- 
ever may  be  the  consequences  of  resistance. 

Thirdly.  The  President  turns  away  from  these  points  of  appre- 
hended difference  of  opinion  between  the  two  governments  to  notice 
other  and  more  agreeable  subjects. 

The  tone  of  Mr.  Thouvenel's  conversation  is  frank,  generous,  and 
cordial ;  and  this  government  feels  itself  bound  by  new  ties  to 
France  when  her  Emperor  avows  his  desire  for  the  perpetual  union 
of  the  states.  Especially  does  this  government  acknowledge  that 
it  is  profoundly  moved  by  the  declaration  of  his  Majesty,  that  he 
would  be  willing  to  act  as  mediator  in  the  civil  strife  that  unhap- 
pily convulses  our  country.  These  expressions  of  good  will  are  just 
what  have  been  expected  from  the  Emperor  of  France.  This  gov- 
ernment desires  that  his  Majesty  may  be  informed  that  it  indulges 
not  the  least  apprehension  of  a  dissolution  of  the  Union  in  this  pain- 
ful controversy.  A  favorable  issue  is  deemed  certain.  What  is 
wanted  is  that  the  war  may  be  as  short,  and  attended  by  as  few 
calamities  at  home  and  as  few  injuries  to  friendly  nations,  as  possi- 
ble. No  mediation  could  modify  in  the  least  degree  the  convic- 
tions of  policy  and  duty  under  which  this  government  is  acting; 
while  foreign  intervention,  even  in  the  friendly  form  of  mediation, 
would  produce  new  and  injurious  complications.  We  are  free  to 
confess  that  so  cordial  is  our  regard  for  the  Emperor  and  our  confi- 
dence in  his  wisdom  and  justice,  that  his  mediation  would  be  ac- 
cepted if  all  intervention  of  that  kind  were  not  deemed  altogether 
inadmissible.  This  government  perceives,  as  it  thinks,  that  the 
French  government  is  indulging  in  an  exaggerated  estimate  of  the 
moral  power  and  material  forces  of  the  insurrection.  The  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States  cheerfully  excuses  this  error,  because  it 
knows  how  unintelligible  the  working  of  the  American  system  and 
the  real  character  of  the  American  people  are  to  European  nations. 
This  government  knows,  moreover,  and  painfully  feels,   that  the 


260  SELECTIONS    FROM    DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

commercial  interests  of  European  states  are  so  deeply  involved  in 
the  restoration  of  our  domestic  peace  as  to  excite  the  highest 
anxiety  and  impatience  on  their  part.  But  it  desires  the  French 
government  to  reflect  that  our  commercial  interests  involved  in  the 
issue  are  even  greater  than  their  own  ;  and  that  every  motive  that 
France  can  have  for  desiring  peace  operates  still  more  powerfully 
on  ourselves,  besides  a  thousand  motives  peculiar  to  ourselves  alone. 
The  measures  we  have  adopted,  and  are  now  vigorously  pursuing, 
will  terminate  the  unhappy  contest  at  an  early  day,  and  be  followed 
by  benefits  to  ourselves  and  to  all  nations  greater  and  better 
assured  than  those  which  have  hitherto  attended  our  national  prog- 
ress. Nothing  is  wanting  to  that  success  except  that  foreign  na- 
tions shall  leave  us,  as  is  our  right,  to  manage  our  own  affairs  in 
our  own  way.  They,  as  well  as  we,  can  only  suffer  by  their  inter- 
vention. No  one,  we  are  sure,  can  judge  better  than  the  Emperor 
of  France  how  dangerous  and  deplorable  would  be  the  emergency 
that  should  intrude  Europeans  into  the  political  contests  of  the 
American  people. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

June  3,  1861.  —  Every  instruction  you  have  received  from  this 
department  is  full  of  evidence  of  the  fact  that  the  principal  danger 
in  the  present  insurrection  which  the  President  has  apprehended 
was  that  of  foreign  intervention,  aid,  or  sympathy  ;  and  especially 
of  such  intervention,  aid,  or  sympathy  on  the  part  of  the  govern- 
ment of  Great  Britain. 

The  justice  of  this  apprehension  has  been  vindicated  by  the  fol- 
lowing facts,  namely:  1.  A  guarded  reserve  on  the  part  of  the 
British  Secretary  of  State,  when  Mr.  Dallas  presented  to  him  our 
protest  against  the  recognition  of  the  insurgents,  which  seemed  to 
imply  that,  in  some  conditions,  not  explained  to  us,  such  a  recogni- 
tion might  be  made.  2.  The  contracting  of  an  engagement  by  the 
government  of  Great  Britain  with  that  of  France,  without  consult- 
ing us,  to  the  effect  that  both  governments  should  adopt  one  and 
the  same  course  of  procedure  in  regard  to  the  insurrection.  3. 
Lord  John  Russell's  announcement  to  Mr.  Dallas  that  he  was  not 
unwilling  to  receive  the  so-called  commissioners  of  the  insurgents 
unofficially.  4.  The  issue  of  the  Queen's  proclamation,  remarkable, 
first,  for  the  circumstances  under  which  it  was  made,  namely,  on 


FOREIGN   INTERVENTION.  261 

the  very  day  of  your  arrival  in  London,  which  had  been  anticipated 
so  far  as  to  provide  for  your  reception  by  the  British  secretary,  but 
without  affording  you  the  interview  promised  before  any  decisive 
action  should  be  adopted ;  secondly,  the  tenor  of  the  proclamation 
itself,  which  seems  to  recognize,  in  a  vague  manner,  indeed,  but 
does  seem  to  recognize,  the  insurgents  as  a  belligerent  national 
power. 

That  proclamation,  unmodified  and  unexplained,  would  leave  us 
no  alternative  but  to  regard  the  government  of  Great  Britain  as 
questioning  our  free  exercise  of  all  the  rights  of  self-defence  guaran- 
teed to  us  by  our  Constitution  and  the  laws  of  nature  and  of  nations 
to  suppress  the  insurrection. 

I  should  have  proceeded  at  once  to  direct  you  to  communicate  to 
the  British  government  the  definitive  views  of  the  President  on  the 
grave  subject,  if  there  were  not  especial  reasons  for  some  little 
delay.  These  reasons  are,  first,  Mr.  Thouvenel  has  informed  our 
representative  at  Paris  that  the  two  governments  of  Great  Britain 
and  France  were  preparing,  and  would,  without  delay,  address  com- 
munications to  this  government  concerning  the  attitude  to  be  as- 
sumed by  them  in  regard  to  the  insurrection.  Their  communica- 
tions are  hourly  expected. 

Second.  You  have  already  asked,  and,  it  is  presumed,  will  have 
obtained,  an  interview  with  the  British  secretary,  and  will  have 
been  able  to  present  the  general  views  of  this  government,  and  to 
learn  definitely  the  purposes  of  Great  Britain  in  the  matter,  after  it 
shall  have  learned  how  unsatisfactory  the  action  of  the  British  gov- 
ernment hitherto  has  been  to  the  government  of  the  United  States. 

The  President  is  solicitous  to  show  his  high  appreciation  of  every 
demonstration  of  consideration  for  the  United  States  which  the 
British  government  feels  itself  at  liberty  to  make.  He  instructs 
me,  therefore,  to  say  that  the  prompt  and  cordial  manner  in  which 
you  were  received,  under  peculiar  circumstances  arising  out  of  do- 
mestic afflictions  which  had  befallen  her  Majesty  and  the  Secretary 
of  State  for  Foreign  Affairs,  is  very  gratifying  to  this  government. 

A  year  ago  the  differences  which  had  partially  estranged  the 
British  and  the  American  people  from  each  other  seemed  to  have 
been  removed  forever.  It  is  painful  to  reflect  that  that  ancient 
alienation  has  risen  up  again  under  circumstances  which  portend 
great  social  evils,  if  not  disaster,  to  both  countries. 


262  SELECTIONS    FROM   DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

Mr.  Seioard  to  Mr.  Dickinson. 

June  5,  1861.  —  The  Spanish-American  states  are  important 
characters  in  the  interesting  drama  of  advancing  civilization.  They 
occupy  a  virgin  domain  equal  to  about  one-eighth  of  the  habitable 
part  of  the  globe.  Its  fountains  of  wealth  are  inexhaustible.  Its 
position  secures  it  nearly  equal  advantages  of  trade  and  intercourse 
with  the  listless  nations  of  the  east,  and  with  the  vigorous  nations 
of  the  west.  Its  ports,  as  well  as  all  its  transit  routes,  are  essential 
features  in  the  commerce  of  the  world.  With  the  advantages  of 
youth  and  singular  exemption  from  foreign  oppression  or  aggression 
which  the  Spanish-American  states  have  enjoyed  for  near  half  a 
century,  it  might  have  been  expected  that  they  would  within  that 
period  have  become  strong  and  influential  nations.  The  fact,  thus 
far,  is  otherwise.  They  are  just  strong  enough  to  maintain  indepen- 
dence without  securing  neces«ary  fear  or  respect.  With  much  ver- 
satility, respectable  talent,  high  cultivation,  and  very  generous 
aspirations,  they  are  generally  changeful  and  capricious.  The  very 
mention  of  a  South  American  state  suggests  always  the  same 
inquiry  :  why  a  people  so  free,  so  virtuous,  so  educated,  and  so  emu- 
lous, are  not  more  secure,  fortunate,  and  happy.  Everybody  wishes 
the  Spanish-American  states  well,  and  yet  everybody  loses  patience 
with  them  for  not  being  wiser,  more  constant,  and  more  stable. 
Such,  I  imagine,  is  the  temper  in  which  every  foreign  state  finds 
itself  when  it  proposes  to  consider  its  relations  to  those  republics, 
and  especially  the  republics  of  Central  America.  I  know,  at  least, 
that  this  has  always  been  the  temper  of  our  best  statesmen  in  re- 
gard to  Nicaragua.  Union,  or  at  least,  practical  alliance  with  Nica- 
ragua has  always  been  felt  by  them  as  a  necessity  for  the  United 
States,  and  yet  no  one  ever  deems  it  prudent  to  council  the  estab- 
lishment of  such  intimate  relations.  Possessing  one  of  the  conti- 
nental transits  most  interesting  to  the  United  States,  Nicaragua  is 
at  once  jealous  of  foreign  intervention  to  render  it  available,  and 
incompetent  to  open  and  maintain  it  herself.  But  Nicaragua,  like 
the  other  Spanish-American  states,  has  far  better  excuses  for  its 
shortcomings  than  it  generally  has  credit  for.  That  state  became 
precociously  mature,  and  it  adopted  our  model  of  government  with 
little  of  that  preliminary  popular  education  and  discipline  which 
seem   necessary  to  enable  any  people  to  administer,  maintain,  and 


NICARAGUA.  263 

preserve  free  republican  institutions.  The  policy  pursued  by  for- 
eign nations  towards  Nicaragua  has  not  been  liberal  or  generous. 
Great  Britain,  in  her  wars  with  Spain,  early  secured  a  position  in 
the  state  very  detrimental  to  its  independence,  and  used  it  to  main- 
tain the  Indians  in  a  condition  of  defiance  against  the  creole  popula- 
tion, while  it  did  nothing,  at  least  nothing  effectually,  to  civilize 
the  tribes  whom  it  had  taken  under  its  protection.  Unwilling  to 
lend  the  aid  necessary  to  the  improvement  of  the  country,  Great 
Britain  used  its  protectorate  there  to  counteract  domestic  efforts 
and  intervention  from  this  government  to  make  that  improvement 
which  was  necessary  for  the  interest  of  Nicaragua  herself,  and 
hardly  less  necessary  for  all  the  western  nations.  Our  own  govern- 
ment has  been  scarcely  less  capricious,  at  one  time  seeming  to  court 
the  most  intimate  alliance,  at  another  treating  the  new  republic 
with  neglect  and  indifference,  and  at  an  another  indirectly,  if  not 
directly,  consenting  to  the  conquest  and  desolation  of  the  country 
by  our  own  citizens  for  the  purpose  of  reestablishing  the  institu- 
tion of  slavery,  which  it  had  wisely  rejected.  It  may  be  doubtful 
whether  Nicaragua  has  not  until  this  day  been  a  loser  instead 
of  a  gainer  by  her  propinquity  to,  and  intercourse  with,  the  United 
States. 

Happily  this  condition  of  things  has  ceased  at  last.  Great  Britain 
has  discovered  that  her  Mosquito  protectorate  was  as  useless  to  her- 
self as  it  was  injurious  to  Nicaragua,  and  has  abandoned  it.  The 
United  States  no  longer  think  that  they  want  slavery  reestablished 
in  that  state,  nor  do  they  desire  anything  at  the  hands  of  its  govern- 
ment but  that  it  may  so  conduct  its  affairs  as  to  permit  and  favor 
the  opening  of  an  inter-oceanic  navigation,  which  shall  be  profitable 
to  Nicaragua  and  equally  open  to  the  United  States  and  to  all  other 
maritime  nations. 

Mr.   Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

June  8,  1861.  —  This  country  insists,  as  all  the  world  might  have 
known  that  it  must  and  would,  under  all  circumstances,  insist,  on 
the  integrity  of  the  Union,  as  the  chief  element  of  national  life. 
Since,  after  trials  of  every  form  of  forbearance  and  conciliation,  it 
has  been  rendered  certain  and  apparent  that  this  paramount  and 
vital  object  can  be  saved  only  by  our  acceptance  of  civil  war  as  an 
indispensable   condition,  that   condition,  with   all  its  hazards   and 


264  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

deplorable  evils,  has  not  been  declined.  The  acceptance,  however, 
is  attended  with  a  strong  desire  and  fixed  purpose  that  the  war 
shall  be  as  short  and  accompanied  by  as  little  suffering  as  possible. 
Foreign  intervention,  aid,  or  sympathy  in  favor  of  the  insurgents, 
especially  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain,  manifestly  could  only  pro- 
tract and  aggravate  the  war.  Accordingly  Mr.  Dallas,  under  in- 
structions from  the  President,  in  an  interview  conceded  to  him  by 
the  British  Secretary  of  State  for  Foreign  Affairs,  presented  our 
protest  against  any  such  intervention. 

Lord  John  Russell  answered  with  earnestness  that  there  was  not 
in  the  British  government  the  least  desire  to  grasp  at  any  advan- 
tages which  might  be  supposed  to  arise  from  the  unpleasant  domes- 
tic differences  in  the  United  States,  but,  on  the  contrary,  that  they 
would  be  highly  gratified  if  those  differences  were  adjusted,  and  the 
Union  restored  to  its  former  unbroken  position.  Mr.  Dallas  then, 
as  he  reported  to  us,  endeavored  to  impress  upon  his  lordship  how 
important  it  must  be  that  Great  Britain  and  France  should  abstain, 
at  least  for  a  considerable  time,  from  doing  what,  by  encouraging 
groundless  hopes  (of  the  insurgents),  would  widen  a  breach  still 
thought  capable  of  being  closed;  but  his  lordship  seemed  to  think 
that  the  matter  was  not  ripe  for  decision,  one  way  or  another,  and 
remarked  that  what  he  had  already  said  was  all  that  at  present  was 
in  his  power  to  say. 

Upon  this  report  you  were  instructed  to  inform  her  Britannic  Maj- 
esty's government  that  the  President  regarded  the  reply  made  by 
his  lordship  to  Mr.  Dallas's  suggestion  as  possibly  indicating  a  pol- 
icy which  this  government  would  be  obliged  to  deem  injurious  to  its 
rights,  and  derogating  from  its  dignity.  This  government  thought 
the  reply  of  the  Secretary  unjustifiably  abrupt  and  reserved.  That 
abruptness  and  reserve,  unexplained,  left  us  under  a  seeming  neces- 
sity of  inferring  that  the  British  government  might  be  contemplat- 
ing a  policy  of  encouragement  to  the  insurgents  which  would  widen 
the  breach  here  which  we  believe  it  possible  to  heal  if  such  en- 
couragement should  not  be  extended.  A  vital  interest  obliged  the 
United  States  to  seek  explanation,  or  to  act  on  the  inference  it  thus 
felt  itself  obliged  to  adopt. 

Your  despatch  of  the  21st  of  May,  which  has  just  been  received, 
shows  how  you  have  acquitted  yourself  of  the  duty  imposed  upon 
you.     After  stating  our  complaint  to  his  lordship,  you  very  prop- 


the  queen's  proclamation.  265 

erly  asked  an  elucidation  of  his  meaning  in  the  reply  to  which 
exception  had  been  taken  by  us,  and  very  rightly,  as  we  think, 
asked  whether  it  was  the  intention  of  her  Majesty's  ministers  to 
adopt  a  policy  which  would  have  the  effect  to  widen,  if  not  to  make 
irreparable,  a  breach  which  we  believe  yet  to  be  entirely  manage- 
able by  ourselves.  His  lordship  disclaimed  any  such  intention.  A 
friendly  argument,  however,  then  arose  between  the  Secretary  and 
yourself  concerning  what  should  be  the  form  of  the  answer  to  us 
which  his  lordship  could  properly  give,  and  which  would,  at  the 
same  time,  be  satisfactory  to  this  government.  The  question  was 
finally  solved  in  the  most  generous  manner  by  the  proposition  of  his 
lordship  that  he  would  instruct  Lord  Lyons  to  give  such  a  reply  to 
the  President  as  might,  in  his  own  opinion,  be  satisfactory,  which 
proposition  you  accepted. 

I  hasten  to  say,  by  direction  of  the  President,  that  your  course  in 
this  proceeding  is  fully  approved.  This  government  has  no  dispo- 
sition to  lift  questions  of  even  national  pride  or  sensibility  up  to  the 
level  of  diplomatic  controversy,  because  it  earnestly  and  ardently 
desires  to  maintain  peace,  harmony,  and  cordial  friendship  with 
Great  Britain.  Lord  John  Russell's  proposition,  by  authorizing 
the  President  to  put  the  most  favorable  construction  possible 
upon  the  response  which  was  deemed  exceptionable,  removes  the 
whole  difficulty  without  waiting  for  the  intervention  of  Lord  Lyons. 
You  will  announce  this  conclusion  to  Lord  John  Russell,  and  inform 
him  that  the  settlement  of  the  affair  in  so  friendly  a  spirit  affords 
this  government  sincere  satisfaction. 

Your  conversation  with  the  British  Secretary  incidentally  brought 
into  debate  the  Queen's  late  proclamation  (which  seems  to  us 
designed  to  raise  the  insurgents  to  the  level  of  a  belligerent  state  )  ; 
the  language  employed  by  her  Majesty's  ministers  in  both  houses 
of  Parliament,  the  tone  of  the  public  press,  and  of  private  opinion, 
and  especially  a  speech  of  the  Lord  Chancellor,  in  which  he  had 
characterized  the  insurgents  as  a  belligerent  state,  and  the  civil 
war  which  they  are  waging  against  the  United  States  as  justurn 
helium. 

The  opinions  which  you  expressed  on  these  matters,  and  their 
obvious  tendency  to  encourage  the  insurrection  and  to  protract  and 
aggravate  the  civil  war,  are  just,  and  meet  our  approbation.  At  the 
same  time,  it  is  the  purpose  of  this  government,  if  possible,  consis- 


266  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

tently  with  the  national  welfare  and  honor,  to  have  no  serious  con- 
troversy with  Great  Britain  at  all ;  and  if  this  shall  ultimately 
prove  impossible,  then  to  have  both  the  defensive  position  and  the 
clear  right  on  our  side.  With  this  view,  this  government,  as  you 
were  made  aware  by  my  despatch  No.  10,  has  determined  to  pass 
over  without  official  complaint  the  publications  of  the  British  press, 
manifestations  of  adverse  individual  opinion  in  social  life,  and  the 
speeches  of  British  statesmen,  and  even  those  of  her  Majesty's  min- 
isters in  Parliament,  so  long  as  they  are  not  authoritatively  adopted 
by  her  Majesty's  government.  We  honor  and  respect  the  freedom 
of  debate,  and  the  freedom  of  the  press.  We  indulge  no  apprehen- 
sions of  danger  to  our  rights  and  interests  from  any  discussion 
to  which  they  may  be  subjected,  in  either  form,  in  any  place. 
Sure  as  we  are  that  the  transaction  now  going  on  in  our  country 
involves  the  progress  of  civilization  and  humanity,  and  equally  sure 
that  our  attitude  in  it  is  right,  and  no  less  sure  that  our  press  and 
our  statesmen  are  equal  in  ability  and  influence  to  any  in  Europe, 
we  shall  have  no  cause  to  grieve  if  Great  Britain  shall  leave  to  us 
the  defence  of  the  independence  of  nations  and  the  rights  of  human 
natui-e. 

My  despatch  No.  14  presented  four  distinct  grounds  on  which 
this  government  apprehended  a  policy  on  the  part  of  her  Majesty's 
government  to  intervene  in  favor  of  the  insurgents,  or  to  lend  them 
aid  and  sympathy.  The  first  ground  was  the  reserve  practised  by 
the  British  Secretary  for  Foreign  Affairs  in  his  conversation  with  Mr. 
Dallas,  referred  to  in  the  earlier  part  of  this  despatch.  I  have 
already  stated  that  the  explanations  made  and  offered  by  Lord 
John  Russell  have  altogether  removed  this  ground  from  debate. 

The  second  was  the  contracting  of  an  engagement  by  the  govern- 
ment of  Great  Britain  with  that  of  France,  without  consulting  us, 
to  the  effect  that  both  governments  would  adopt  one  and  the  same 
course  of  proceeding  in  regard  to  the  subject  of  intervention  in  our 
domestic  affairs.  You  were  informed  in  my  despatch  No.  10  that,  as 
this  proceeding  did  not  necessarily  imply  hostile  feelings  towards  the 
United  States,  we  should  not  formally  complain  of  it,  but  should  rest 
content  with  a  resolution  to  hold  intercourse  only  with  each  of  those 
states  severally,  giving  due  notice  to  both  that  the  circumstance 
that  a  concert  between  the  two  powers  in  any  proposition  each 
might  offer  to  us  would  not  modify  in  the  least  degree  the  action  of 
the  United  States  upon  it. 


MEDIATION   DECLINED.  267 

The  third  ground  was  Lord  John  Russell's  announcement  to  Mr. 
Dallas  that  he  was  not  unwilling  to  receive  the  so-called  commis- 
sioners of  the  insurgents  unofficially.  On  this  point  you  already 
have  instructions,  to  which  nothing  need  now  be  added. 

The  fourth  ground  is  the  Queen's  proclamation,  exceptionable 
first  for  the  circumstances  under  which  it  was  issued,  and  secondly, 
for  the  matter  of  that  important  state  paper. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

June  8,  1861.  —  We  appreciate  highly  the  Emperor's  assurance 
that  he  would  mediate  between  the  government  and  the  insurgents, 
with  a  view  to  the  maintenance  and  preservation  of  the  Union,  if 
such  intervention  were  deemed  desirable  by  us ;  and  that  generous 
offer  imposes  a  new  obligation  upon  us  toward  France,  which  we  ac- 
knowledge with  sincere  pleasure. 

If  mediation  were  at  all  admissible  in  this  grave  case,  that  of  his 
Majesty  would  not  be  declined.  But  the  present  paramount  duty 
of  the  government  is  to  save  the  integrity  of  the  American  Union. 
Absolute,  self-sustaining  independence  is  the  first  and  most  indis- 
pensable element  of  national  existence.  This  is  a  republican  nation  ; 
all  its  domestic  affairs  must  be  conducted  and  even  adjusted  in  con- 
stitutional republican  forms  and  upon  constitutional  republican 
principles.  This  is  an  American  nation,  and  its  internal  affairs 
must  not  only  be  conducted  with  reference  to  its  peculiar  continen- 
tal position,  but  by  and  through  American  agencies  alone.  These 
are  simple  elementary  principles  of  administration,  no  one  of  which 
can  be  departed  from  with  safety  in  any  emergency  whatever ;  nor 
could  it  be  departed  from  with  the  public  consent,  which  rightfully 
regulates,  through  constitutionally  constituted  popular  authorities, 
the  entire  business  of  the  government. 

I  have  set  them  forth  in  no  invidious,  uncharitable,  or  ungener- 
ous spirit.  I  state  them  fairly  and  broadly,  because  I  know  the 
magnanimity  of  the  Emperor  of  France,  and  I  know  that  he  can 
appreciate  directness  and  candor  in  diplomacy.  I  know,  moreover, 
that  he  is  a  friend  of  the  United  States,  and  desires  that  they  may 
continue  one  great  and  independent  nation  forever.  I  know  still 
further,  that  the  principles  I  have  thus  stated  will  commend  them- 
selves to  his  own  great  wisdom.  To  invite  or  to  accept  mediation 
would  be  incompatible  with  these  principles. 


268  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

When  all  this  has  been  said,  you  will  then  further  say  to  Mr. 
Thouvenel,  or  to  the  Emperor,  that  if  any  mediation  were  at  all  ad- 
missible it  would  be  his  own  that  we  should  seek  or  accept.  You 
may  say,  at  the  same  time,  that  this  government  has  no  apprehen- 
sion whatever  of  its  being  unable  to  conduct  our  domestic  affairs 
through  this  crisis  to  a  safe  conclusion  ;  that  consummation  is  even 
not  far  distant,  if  foreign  powers  shall  practise  towards  us  the  same 
forbearance  from  intervention  which  we  have  habitually  practised 
towards  them  in  emergencies  similar  to  our  own  ;  that  intervention 
by  them  would  only  protract  and  aggravate  the  civil  war  in  which 
we  are  unhappily  engaged ;  that  civil  war  is  a  scourge  to  which  we 
are  more  sensitive  than  any  other  people,  but  that  the  preservation 
of  national  unity,  which  is  national  existence,  reconciles  us  to 
every  form  of  difficulty  and  to  the  longest  possible  endurance  of  the 
trial  in  which  we  are  engaged. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

June  17,  1861. — Every  instruction  which  this  government  has 
given  to  its  representatives  abroad,  since  the  recent  change  of  ad- 
ministration took  place,  has  expressed  our  profound  anxiety  lest  the 
disloyal  citizens  who  are  engaged  in  an  attempt  to  overthrow  the 
Union  should  obtain  aid  and  assistance  from  foreign  nations,  either 
in  the  form  of  a  recognition  of  their  pretended  sovereignty,  or  in 
some  other  and  more  qualified  or  guarded  manner.  Every  instruc- 
tion has  expressed  our  full  belief  that,  without  such  aid  or  assist- 
ance, the  insurrection  would  speedily  come  to  an  end,  while  any 
advantage  that  it  could  derive  from  such  aid  or  assistance  could 
serve  no  other  purpose  than  to  protract  the  existing  struggle  and 
aggravate  the  evils  it  is  inflicting  on  our  own  country  and  on  foreign 
and  friendly  nations.  Every  instruction  bears  evidence  of  an 
earnest  solicitude  to  avoid  even  an  appearance  of  menace  or  of  want 
of  comity  towards  foreign  powers  ;  but  at  the  same  time  it  has  em- 
phatically announced,  as  is  now  seen  to  have  been  necessary,  our 
purpose  not  to  allow  any  one  of  them  to  expect  to  remain  in  friendship 
with  us  if  it  should,  with  whatever  motive,  practically  render  such 
aid  or  assistance  to  the  insurgents.  We  have  intended  not  to  leave 
it  doubtful  that  a  concession  of  sovereignty  to  the  insurgents, 
though  it  should  be  indirect  or  unofficial,  or  though  it  should  be 
qualified  so  as  to  concede  only  belligerent  or  other  partial  rights, 


THE  UNITED   STATES   SOVEREIGN.  269 

would  be  regarded  as  inconsistent  with  the  relations  due  to  us  by 
friendly  nations.  Nor  has  it  been  left  at  all  uncertain  that  we  shall, 
in  every  event,  insist  that  these  United  States  must  be  considered 
and  dealt  with  now,  as  heretofore,  by  such  nations  as  exclusively 
sovereign  for  all  purposes  whatsoever  within  the  territories  over 
which  the  Constitution  has  been  extended.  On  the  other  hand,  we 
have  not,  at  any  time,  been  unmindful  of  the  peculiar  circumstances 
which  might  excite  apprehensions  on  the  part  of  commercial  nations 
for  the  safety  of  their  subjects  and  their  property  in  the  conflicts 
which  might  occur  upon  sea  as  well  as  on  land  between  the  forces 
of  the  United  States  and  those  of  the  insurgents. 

The  United  States  have  never  disclaimed  the  employment  of  let- 
ters of  marque  as  a  means  of  maritime  war.  The  insurgents  early 
announced  their  intention  to  commission  privateers.  We  knew 
that  friendly  nations  would  be  anxious  for  guarantees  of  safety  from 
injury  by  that  form  of  depredation  upon  the  national  commerce. 
We  knew  also  that  such  nations  would  desire  to  be  informed 
whether  their  flags  should  be  regarded  as  protecting  goods,  not  con- 
traband of  war,  of  disloyal  citizens,  found  under  them,  and  whether 
the  goods,  not  contraband,  of  subjects  of  such  nations  would  be  safe 
from  confiscation  when  found  in  vessels  of  disloyal  citizens  of  the 
United  States.  This  administration,  free  from  some  of  the  compli- 
cations of  those  which  had  preceded  it,  promptly  took  up  the  nego- 
tiations relating  to  the  declaration  of  the  Congress  of  Paris,  just  at 
the  point  where  they  had  been  suspended  by  President  Buchanan. 
We  found  it  just  and  humane  in  itself  so  far  as  it  goes,  and  that  it 
had  only  failed  to  be  accepted  by  the  United  States  because  foreign 
nations  had  refused  to  accept  an  additional  principle  proposed  by 
this  government,  yet  more  just  and  humane  than  any  which  it  does 
contain,  namely,  that  the  property  of  private  citizens,  not  contra- 
band, should  be  exempted  from  confiscation  in  maritime  war.  While 
still  willing  and  desirous  to  have  that  further  principle  incorporated 
in  the  law  of  nations,  we  nevertheless  instructed  you,  and  all  our 
representatives  in  foreign  countries,  to  waive  it,  if  necessary,  and  to 
stipulate,  subject  to  the  concurrence  of  the  Senate  of  the  United 
States,  our  adhesion  to  the  declaration  of  the  Congress  of  Paris  as  a 
whole  and  unmodified.  This  was  done  so  early  as  the  25th  day  of 
April  last,  long  before  the  date  of  the  instructions  which  Mr.  Mer- 
cier  proposed  to  submit  to  us.     We  have  ever  since  that  time  been 


270  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

waiting  for  the  responses  of  foreign  powers  to  this  high  and  liberal 
demonstration  on  our  part.  We  have,  however,  received  no  decisive 
answers  on  the  subject  from  those  powers. 

It  was  under  these  circumstances  that  on  the  fifteenth  day  of 
June  instant,  the  minister  from  France  and  the  minister  from  Great 
Britain,  having  previously  requested  an  interview,  were  received 
by  me.  Each  of  them  announced  that  he  was  charged  by  his  gov- 
ernment to  read  a  despatch  to  me  and  to  give  me  a  copy  if  I  should 
desire  it.  I  answered  that,  owing  to  the  peculiar  circumstances  of 
the  times,  I  could  not  consent  to  an  official  reading  or  delivery  of 
these  papers  without  first  knowing  their  characters  and  objects. 
They  confidentially  and  with  entire  frankness  put  the  despatches 
into  my  hands  for  an  informal  preliminary  examination.  Having 
thus  become  possessed  of  their  characters,  I  replied  to  those  minis- 
ters that  I  could  not  allow  them  to  be  officially  communicated  to 
this  government.  They  will  doubtless  mention  this  answer  to  their 
respective  states.  I  give  you  now  the  reasons  of  this  government 
for  pursuing  this  course  in  regard  to  the  despatch  from  France,  that 
you  may  communicate  them  to  the  French  government,  if  you  shall 
find  it  necessary  or  expedient.  Some  time  ago  we  learned  through 
our  legation  at  St.  Petersburg  that  an  understanding  had  been 
effected  between  the  governments  of  Great  Britain  and  France  that 
they  should  take  one  and  the  same  course  on  the  subject  of  the 
political  disturbances  in  this  country,  including  the  possible  recogni- 
tion of  the  insurgents.  At  a  later  period  this  understanding  was 
distinctly  avowed  by  Mr.  Thouvenel  to  Mr.  Sanford,  who  had 
been  informally  introduced  by  me  to  the  French  Minister  for 
Foreign  Affairs,  and  by  Lord  John  Russell  to  Mr.  Dallas,  our  late 
minister  in  London.  The  avowal  in  each  case  preceded  the  arrival 
of  our  newly  appointed  ministers  in  Europe,  with  their  instructions 
for  the  discharge  of  their  respective  missions. 

On  receiving  their  avowals  I  immediately  instructed  yourself  and 
Mr.  Adams  "that  although  we  might,  have  expected  a  different 
course  on  the  part  of  these  two  great  powers,  yet,  as  the  fact  that 
an  understanding  existed  between  them  did  not  certainly  imply  an 
unfriendly  spirit,  we  should  not  complain  of  it,  but  that  it  must 
be  understood  by  the  French  and  British  governments  that  we  .shall 
deal  hereafter,  as  heretofore,  in  this  case,  as  in  all  others,  with  each 
power  separately,  and  that  the  agreement  for  concerted  action  be- 


THE   UNITED   STATES   SOVEKEIGN.  271 

tween  them  would  not  at  all  influence  the  course  we  should  pur- 
sue." The  concert  thus  avowed  has  been  carried  out.  The  minis- 
ters came  to  me  together ;  the  instructions  they  proposed  to  me 
differ  in  form,  but  are  counterparts  in  effect. 

Adhering  to  our  previous  decision,  which  before  this  time  has 
doubtless  been  made  known  to  the  government  of  France,  we  do 
not  make  this  concert,  under  the  circumstances,  a  reason  for  declin- 
ing to  hear  the  instruction  with  which  Mr.  Mercier  is  charged. 
That  paper  does  not  expressly  deny  the  sovereignty  of  the  United 
States  of  America,  but  it  does  assume,  inconsistently  w-ith  that  sov- 
ereignty, that  the  United  States  are  not  altogether  and  for  all  pur- 
poses one  sovereign  power,  but  that  this  nation  consists  of  two  par- 
ties, of  which  this  government  is  one.  France  purposes  to  take 
cognizance  of  both  parties  as  belligerents,  and  for  some  purposes  to 
hold  communication  with  each.  The  instruction  would  advise  us 
indeed  that  we  must  not  be  surprised  if  France  shall  address  herself 
to  a  government  which  she  says  is  to  be  installed  at  Montgomery, 
for  certain  explanations.  This  intimation  is  conclusive  in  determin- 
ing this  government  not  to  allow  the  instruction  to  be  read  to  it. 

The  United  States,  rightly  jealous,  as  we  think,  of  their  sover- 
eignty, cannot  suffer  themselves  to  debate  any  abridgment  of  that 
sovereignty  with  France  or  with  any  other  nation.  Much  less  can 
it  consent  that  France  shall  announce  to  it  a  conclusion  of  her  own 
against  that  sovereignty,  which  conclusion  France  has  adopted 
without  any  previous  conference  with  the  United  States  on  the 
subject.  This  government  insists  that  the  United  States  are  one 
whole  undivided  nation,  especially  so  far  as  foreign  nations  are  con- 
cerned, and  that  France  is,  by  the  law  of  nations  and  by  treaties, 
not  a  neutral  power  between  two  imaginary  parties  here,  but  a 
friend  of  the  United  States. 

In  the  spirit  of  this  understanding  of  the  case,  we  are  not  only  not 
wishing  to  seek  or  to  give  offence  to  France,  but,  on  the  contrary, 
we  desire  to  preserve  peace  and  friendship  with  that  great  power,  as 
with  all  other  nations.  We  do  not  feel  at  liberty  to  think,  and  do 
not  think,  that  France  intended  any  want  of  consideration  towards 
the  United  States  in  directing  that  the  instruction  in  question  should 
be  read  to  us.  Outside  of  that  paper  we  have  abundant  evidence 
of  the  good  feeling  and  good  wishes  of  the  Emperor,  and  even  his 
anxious  solicitude  for  the  same  consummation  which  is  the  supreme 


272  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

object  of  our  own  desires  and  labors,  namely,  the  preservation  of 
the  American  Union  in  its  full  and  absolute  integrity. 

Doubtless  the  proceeding  has  been  the  result  of  inadvertence. 
We  feel  ourselves  at  liberty  to  think  that  it  would  not  have  oc- 
curred if  we  had  been  so  fortunate  as  to  have  been  heard  through 
you  in  the  consultations  of  the  French  government.  We  think  we 
can  easily  see  how  the  inadvertence  has  occurred.  France  seems  to 
have  mistaken  a  mere  casual  and  ephemeral  insurrection  here,  such 
as  is  incidental  in  the  experience  of  all  nations,  because  all  nations 
are  merely  human  societies,  such  as  have  sometimes  happened  in 
the  history  of  France  herself,  for  a  war  which  has  flagrantly  sep- 
arated this  nation  into  two  coexisting  political  powers  which  are 
contending  in  arms  against  each  other  after  the  separation. 

It  is  erroneous,  so  far  as  foreign  nations  are  concerned,  to  sup- 
pose that  any  war  exists  in  the  United  States.  Certainly  there 
cannot  be  two  belligerent  powers  where  there  is  no  war.  There  is 
here,  as  there  has  always  been,  one  political  power,  namely,  the 
United  States  of  America,  competent  to  make  war  and  peace,  and 
conduct  commerce  and  alliances  with  all  foreign  nations.  There  is 
none  other,  either  in  fact,  or  recognized  by  foreign  nations.  There 
is,  indeed,  an  armed  sedition  seeking  to  overthrow  the  government, 
and  the  government  is  employing  military  and  naval  forces  to  re- 
press it.  But  these  facts  do  not  constitute  a  war  presenting  two 
belligerent  powers,  and  modifying  the  national  character,  rights, 
and  responsibilities,  or  the  characters,  rights,  and  responsibilities  of 
foreign  nations.  It  is  true  that  insurrection  may  ripen  into  revolu- 
tion, and  that  revolution  thus  ripened  may  extinguish  a  previously 
existing  state,  or  divide  it  into  one  or  more  independent  states,  and 
that  if  such  states  continue  their  strife  after  such  division,  then 
there  exists  a  state  of  war  affecting  the  characters,  rights,  and 
duties  of  all  parties  concerned.  But  this  only  happens  when  the 
revolution  has  run  its  successful  course. 

The  French  government  says,  in  the  instruction  which  has  been 
tendered  to  us,  that  certain  facts  which  it  assumes  confer  upon  the 
insurgents  of  this  country,  in  the  eyes  of  foreign  powers,  all  the 
appearances  of  a  government  de  facto,  wherefore,  whatever  may  be 
its  regrets,  the  French  government  must  consider  the  two  contend- 
ing parties  as  employing  the  forces  at  their  disposal  in  conformity 
with  the  laws  of  war. 


THE   UNITED   STATES  SOVEREIGN.  273 

This  statement  assumes  not  only  that  the  law  of  nations  entitles 
any  insurrectionary  faction,  when  it  establishes  a  de  facto  govern- 
ment, to  be  treated  as  a  belligerent,  but  also  that  the  fact  of  the 
attainment  of  this  status  is  to  be  determined  by  the  appearance  of 
it  in  the  eyes  of  foreign  nations.  If  we  should  concede  both  of 
these  positions,  we  should  still  insist  that  the  existence  of  a 
de  facto  government,  entitled  to  belligerent  rights,  is  not  estab- 
lished in  the  present  case.  We  have  already  heard  from  most  of 
the  foreign  nations.  There  are  only  two  which  seem  so  to  construe 
appearances,  and  France  is  one  of  them.  Are  the  judgments  of 
these  two  to  outweigh  those  of  all  other  nations?  Doubtless  each 
nation  may  judge  and  act  for  itself,  but  it  certainly  cannot  expect 
the  United  States  to  accept  its  decision  upon  a  question  vital  to 
their  national  existence.  The  United  States  will  not  refine  upon 
the  question  when  and  how  new  nations  are  born  out  of  existing 
nations.  They  are  well  aware  that  the  rights  of  the  states  involve 
their  duties  and  their  destinies,  and  they  hold  those  rights  to  be 
absolute  as  against  all  foreign  nations.  These  rights  do  not  at  all 
depend  on  the  appearances  which  their  condition  may  assume  in 
the  eyes  of  foreign  nations,  whether  strangers,  neutrals,  friends,  or 
even  allies.  The  United  States  will  maintain  and  defend  their  sov- 
ereignty throughout  the  bounds  of  the  Republic,  and  they  deem  all 
other  nations  bound  to  respect  that  sovereignty  until,  if  ever, 
Providence  shall  consent  that  it  shall  be  successfully  overthrown. 
Any  system  of  public  law  or  national  morality  that  conflicts  with 
this  would  resolve  society,  first  in  this  hemisphere  and  then  in  the 
other,  into  anarchy  and  chaos. 

This  government  is  sensible  of  the  importance  of  the  step  it  takes 
in  declining  to  hear  the  communication  the  tender  of  which  has 
drawn  out  these  explanations.  It  believes,  however,  that  it  need 
not  disturb  the  good  relations  which  have  so  long  and  so  happily 
subsisted  between  the  United  States  and  France.  The  paper,  as 
understood,  while  implying  a  disposition  on  the  part  of  France  to 
accord  belligerent  rights  to  the  insurgents,  does  not  name,  specify, 
or  even  indicate  one  such  belligerent  right.  On  the  other  hand, 
the  rights  which  it  asserts  that  France  expects,  as  a  neutral,  from 
the  United  States,  as  a  belligerent,  are  even  less  than  this  govern- 
ment, on  the  25th  of  April,  instructed  you  to  concede  and  guaranty 
to  her  by  treaty,  as  a  friend.     On  that  day  we  offered  to  her  our 

18 


274  SELECTIONS   FKOM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

adhesion  to  the  declaration  of  Paris,  which  contains  four  propo- 
sitions, namely:  1st.  That  privateering  shall  be  abolished.  2d. 
That  a  neutral  flag  covers  enemy's  goods  not  contraband  of  war. 
3d.  That  goods  of  a  neutral,  not  contraband,  shall  not  be  con- 
fiscated, though  found  in  an  enemy's  vessel.  4th.  That  blockades, 
in  order  to  be  lawful,  must  be  maintained  by  competent  force.  We 
have  always,  when  at  war,  conceded  the  last  three  of  these  rights 
to  neutrals;  a  fortiori^  we  could  not  when  at  peace  deny  them  to 
friendly  nations.  The  first-named  concession  was  proposed  on  the 
grounds  already  mentioned.  We  are  still  ready  to  guarantee  these 
rights,  by  convention  with  France,  whenever  she  shall  authorize 
either  you  or  her  minister  here  to  enter  into  convention.  There  is 
no  reservation  or  difficulty  about  their  application  in  the  present 
case.  We  hold  all  the  citizens  of  the  United  States,  loyal  or  dis- 
loyal, alike  included  by  the  law  of  nations  and  treaties  ;  and  we 
hold  ourselves  bound  by  the  same  obligations  to  see,  so  far  as  may 
be  in  our  power,  that  all  our  citizens,  whether  maintaining  this 
government  or  engaged  in  overthrowing  it,  respect  those  rights 
in  favor  of  France  and  of  every  other  friendly  nation.  In  any  case, 
not  only  shall  we  allow  no  privateer  or  national  vessel  to  violate 
the  rights  of  friendly  nations  as  I  have  thus  described  them,  but 
we  shall  also  employ  all  our  naval  force  to  prevent  the  insurgents 
from  violating  them,  just  as  much  as  we  do  to  prevent  them  from 
violating  the  laws  of  our  own  country. 

What,  then,  does  France  claim  of  us  that  we  do  not  accord  to 
her  ?  Nothing.  What  do  we  refuse  to  France  by  declining  to  re- 
ceive the  communication  sent  to  us  through  the  hands  of  Mr.  Mer- 
cier  ?  Nothing  but  the  privilege  of  telling  us  that  we  are  at  war, 
when  we  maintain  we  are  at  peace,  and  that  she  is  a  neutral,  when 
we  prefer  to  recognize  her  as  a  friend. 

Of  course,  it  is  understood  that  on  this  occasion  we  reserve,  as  on 
all  others,  our  right  to  suppress  the  insurrection  by  naval  as  well  as 
by  military  power,  and  for  that  purpose  to  close  such  of  our  ports 
as  have  fallen  or  may  fall  into  the  hands  of  the  insurgents,  either 
directly  or  in  the  more  lenient  and  equitable  form  of  a  blockade, 
which  for  the  present  we  have  adopted.  It  is  thus  seen  that  there 
is  no  practical  subject  of  difference  between  the  two  governments. 
The  United  States  will  hope  that  France  will  not  think  it  necessary 
to  adhere  to  and  practise  upon  the  speculation  concerning  the  con- 


ONE  COUNTRY,  ONE  SOVEREIGNTY.  275 

dition  of  our  internal  affairs  which  she  has  proposed  to  communi- 
cate to  us.  But  however  this  may  be,  the  United  States  will  not 
anticipate  any  occasion  for  a  change  of  the  relations  which,  with 
scarcely  any  interruption,  have  existed  between  the  two  nations  for 
three  quarters  of  a  century,  and  have  been  very  instrumental  in 
promoting,  not  merely  the  prosperity  and  greatness  of  each  state, 
but  the  cause  of  civil  and  religious  liberty  and  free  institutions 
throughout  the  world. 

This  government  understands  equally  the  interest  of  friendly 
nations  and  its  own  in  the  present  emergency.  If  they  shall  not 
interfere,  the  attempt  at  revolution  here  will  cease  without  inflict- 
ing serious  evils  upon  foreign  nations.  All  that  they  can  do  by 
any  interference,  with  a  view  to  modify  our  action,  will  only  serve 
to  prolong  the  present  unpleasant  condition  of  things,  and  possibly 
to  produce  results  that  would  be  as  universally  calamitous  as  they 
would  be  irretrievable. 

The  case,  as  it  now  stands,  is  the  simple,  ordinary  one  that  has 
happened  at  all  times  and  in  all  countries.  A  discontented  domes- 
tic faction  seeks  foreign  intervention  to  overthrow  the  Constitution 
and  the  liberties  of  its  own  country.  Such  intervention,  if  yielded, 
is  ultimately  disastrous  to  the  cause  it  is  designed  to  aid.  Every 
uncorrupted  nation,  in  its  deliberate  moments,  prefers  its  own  in- 
tegrity, even  with  unbearable  evils,  to  division  through  the  power 
or  influence  of  any  foreign  state.  This  is  so  in  France.  It  is  not 
less  so  in  this  country.  Down  deep  in  the  heart  of  the  American 
people  —  deeper  than  the  love  of  trade,  or  of  freedom  —  deeper 
than  the  attachment  to  any  local  or  sectional  interest,  or  partizan 
pride  or  individual  ambition — deeper  than  any  other  sentiment  — 
is  that  one  out  of  which  the  Constitution  of  this  Union  arose, 
namely,  American  independence  —  independence  of  all  foreign  con- 
trol, alliance,  or  influence.  Next  above  it  lies  the  conviction  that 
neither  peace,  nor  safety,  nor  public  liberty,  nor  prosperity,  nor 
greatness,  nor  empire,  can  be  attained  here  with  the  sacrifice  of  the 
unity  of  the  people  of  North  America.  Those  who,  in  a  frenzy  of 
passion,  are  building  expectations  on  other  principles  do  not  know 
what  they  are  doing.  Whenever  one  part  of  this  Union  shall  be 
found  assuming  bonds  of  dependence  or  of  fraternity  towards 
any  foreign  people,  to  the  exclusion  of  the  sympathies  of  their  na- 
tive land,  then,  even  if  not  before,  that  spirit  will  be  reawakened 


276  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

which  brought  the  states  of  this  Republic  into  existence,  and  which 
will  preserve  them  united  until  the  common  destiny  which  it 
opened  to  them  shall  be  fully  and  completely  realized. 

Mr.   Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

June  19,  1861.  — When  we  received  official  information  that  an 
understanding  was  existing  between  the  British  and  French  govern- 
ments that  they  would  take  one  and  the  same  course  concerning  the 
insurrection  which  has  occurred  in  this  country,  involving  the  ques- 
tion of  recognizing  the  independence  of  a  revolutionary  organization, 
we  instructed  you  to  inform  the  British  government  that  we  had 
expected  from  both  of  those  powers  a  different  course  of  proceeding. 
We  added,  however,  that  insomuch  as  the  proposed  concert  of 
action  between  them  did  not  necessarily  imply  any  unfriendliness  of 
purpose  or  of  disposition,  we  should  not  complain  of  it,  but  that  we 
should  insist  in  this  case,  as  in  all  others,  on  dealing  with  each  of 
those  powers  alone,  and  that  their  agreement  to  act  together  would 
not  at  all  affect  the  course  which  we  should  pursue.  Adhering  to 
this  decision,  we  have  not  made  the  concert  of  the  two  powers  a 
ground  of  objection  to  the  reading  of  the  instruction  with  which 
Lord  Lyons  was  charged. 

That  paper  purports  to  contain  a  decision  at  which  the  British 
government  has  arrived,  to  the  effect  that  this  country  is  divided 
into  two  belligerent  parties,  of  which  this  government  represents 
one,  and  that  Great  Britain  assumes  the  attitude  of  a  neutral  be- 
tween them. 

This  government  could  not,  consistently  with  a  just  regard  for  the 
sovereignty  of  the  United  States,  permit  itself  to  debate  these  novel 
and  extraordinary  positions  with  the  government  of  her  Britannic 
Majesty  ;  much  less  can  we  consent  that  that  government  shall 
announce  to  us  a  decision  derogating  from  that  sovereignty,  at  which 
it  has  arrived  without  previously  conferring  with  us  upon  the  ques- 
tion. The  United  States  are  still  solely  and  exclusively  sovereign 
within  the  territories  they  have  lawfully  acquired  and  long  possessed, 
as  they  have  always  been.  They  are  at  peace  with  all  the  world, 
as,  with  unimportant  exceptions,  they  have  always  been.  They  ate 
living  under  the  obligations  of  the  law  of  nations,  and  of  treaties 
with  Great  Britain,  just  the  same  now  as  heretofore  ;  they  are,  of 
course,  the  friend  of  Great  Britain,  and  they  insist  that  Great  Brit- 


SOVEREIGNTY  UNIMPAIRED  BY   REBELLION.  277 

ain  shall  remain  their  friend  now  just  as  she  has  hitherto  been. 
Great  Britain,  by  virtue  of  these  relations,  is  a  stranger  to  parties 
and  sections  in  this  country,  whether  they  are  loyal  to  the  United 
States  or  not,  and  Great  Britain  can  neither  rightfully  qualify  the 
sovereignty  of  the  United  States,  nor  concede,  nor  recognize  any 
rights,  or  interests,  or  power  of  any  party,  state,  or  section,  in  con- 
travention to  the  unbroken  sovereignty  of  the  Federal  Union. 
What  is  now  seen  in  this  country  is  the  occurrence,  by  no  means 
peculiar,  but  frequent  in  all  countries,  more  frequent  even  in  Great 
Britain  than  here,  of  an  armed  insurrection  engaged  in  attempting 
to  overthrow  the  regularly  constituted  and  established  government. 
There  is,  of  course,  the  employment  of  force  by  the  government  to 
suppress  the  insurrection,  as  every  other  government  necessarily  em- 
ploys force  in  such  cases.  But  these  incidents  by  no  means  consti- 
tute a  state  of  war  impairing  the  sovereignty  of  the  government, 
creating  belligerent  sections,  and  entitling  foreign  states  to  intervene 
or  to  act  as  neutrals  between  them,  or  in  any  other  way  to  cast  off 
their  lawful  obligations  to  the  nation  thus  for  the  moment  disturbed. 
Any  other  principle  than  this  would  be  to  resolve  government 
everywhere  into  a  thing  of  accident  and  caprice,  and  ultimately  all 
human  society  into  a  state  of*  perpetual  war.  We  do  not  go  into 
any  argument  of  fact  or  of  law  in  support  of  the  positions  we  have 
thus  assumed.  They  are  simply  the  suggestions  of  the  instinct  of 
self-defence,  the  primary  law  of  human  action,  not  more  the  law  of 
individual  than  of  national  life. 

This  government  is  sensible  of  the  importance  of  the  step  it  takes 
in  declining  to  receive  the  communication  in  question.  It  hopes 
and  believes,  however,  that  it  need  not  disturb  the  good  relations 
which  have  hitherto  subsisted  between  the  two  countries  which, 
more  than  any  other  nations,  have  need  to  live  together  in  harmony 
and  friendship.  We  believe  that  Great  Britain  has  acted  inadvert- 
ently, and  under  the  influence  of  apprehensions  of  danger  to  her 
commerce,  which  either  are  exaggerated  or  call  for  fidelity  on  her 
part  to  her  habitual  relations  to  the  United  States,  instead  of  a  hasty 
attempt  to  change  those  relations.  Certainly  this  government  has 
exerted  itself  to  the  utmost  to  prevent  Great  Britain  from  falling 
into  the  error  of  supposing  that  the  United  States  could  consent  to 
any  abatement  of  their  sovereignty  in  the  present  emergency.  It  is, 
we  take  leave  to  think,  the  common  misfortune  of  the  two  countries 


278  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

that  Great  Britain  was  not  content  to  wait  before  despatching  the 
instruction  in  question,  until  you  had  been  received  by  her  Majesty's 
government,  and  had  submitted  the  entirely  just,  friendly,  and  lib- 
eral overtures  with  which  you  were  charged. 

Although  the  paper  implies,  without  affirming,  that  the  insurgents 
of  this  country  possess  some  belligerent  rights,  it  does  not  name, 
specify,  or  indicate  one  such  right.  It  confines  itself  to  stating 
what  the  British  government  require  or  expect  the  United  States  to 
do.  Virtually,  it  asks  us  to  concede  to  Great  Britain  the  principles 
laid  down  in  the  declaration  of  the  congress  held  in  Paris  in  1856. 
It  asks  indeed  a  little  less,  certainly  nothing  more  or  different  from 
this.  The  British  government  ask  this  of  us  to-day,  the  15th  of 
June,  in  ignorance  of  the  fact  that  we  had,  so  early  as  the  25th  of 
April,  instructed  you  to  tender,  without  reservation,  to  Great  Brit- 
ain our  accession,  pure  and  simple,  to  that  declaration.  We  have 
all  the  while,  since  that  instruction  was  sent  forth,  been  ready,  as 
we  now  are  ready,  to  accede  to  the  declaration,  where  and  whenever 
Gi-eat  Britain  may  be  ready  and  willing  to  receive  it.  The  argu- 
ment contained  in  the  instruction  seems,  therefore,  to  have  been  as 
unnecessary  and  irrelevant  as  it  is  unacceptable.  Lord  Lyons 
thinks  that  his  instructions  do  not  authorize  him  to  enter  into  con- 
vention with  us  here.  You  will  inform  the  government  of  Great 
Britain  of  the  fact,  and,  if  they  prefer,  you  will  enter  into  the  con- 
vention at  London. 

Of  course  it  is  understood  that  the  concessions  herein  made  do  not 
affect  or  impair  the  right  of  the  United  States  to  suppress  the 
insurrection  as  well  by  maritime  as  by  land  operations,  and  for  this 
purpose  to  exclude  all  commerce  from  such  of  the  ports  as  may  have 
fallen  into  the  hands  of  the  insurgents,  either  by  closing  the  ports 
directly  or  by  the  more  lenient  means  of  a  blockade,  which  we  have 
already  adopted. 

It  is  thus  seen  that,  in  the  present  case,  there  is  only  an  embar- 
rassment resulting  from  the  similar  designs  of  the  two  governments 
to  reach  one  common  object  by  different  courses  without  knowledge 
of  each  other's  dispositions  in  that  respect.  There  is  nothing  more. 
We  propose,  as  a  nation  at  peace,  to  give  to  Great  Britain  as  a 
friend  what  she  as  a  neutral  demands  of  us,  a  nation  at  war.  We 
rejoice  that  it  happens  so.  We  are  anxious  to  avoid  all  causes  of 
misunderstanding  with  Great  Britain ;  to  draw  closer,  instead  of 


BEITISH   VIEWS   INADMISSIBLE.  279 

breaking,  the  existing  bonds  of  amity  and  friendship.  There  is 
nothing  good  or  great  which  both  nations  may  not  expect  to  attain  or 
effect  if  they  may  remain  friends.  It  would  be  a  hazardous  day  for 
both  the  branches  of  the  British  race  when  they  should  determine  to 
try  how  much  harm  each  could  do  the  other. 

We  do  not  forget  that,  although  thus  happily  avoiding  misunder- 
standing on  the  present  occasion,  Great  Britain  may  in  some  way 
hereafter  do  us  wrong  or  injury  by  adhering  to  the  speculative 
views  of  the  rights  and  duties  of  the  two  governments  which  she 
has  proposed  to  express.  But  we  believe  her  to  be  sincere  in  the 
good  wishes  for  our  welfare  which  she  has  so  constantly  avowed, 
and  we  will  not,  therefore,  suffer  ourselves  to  anticipate  occasions 
for  difference  which,  now  that  both  nations  fully  understand  each 
other,  may  be  averted  or  avoided. 

One  point  remains.  The  British  government  while  declining,  out 
of  regard  for  our  natural  sensibility,  to  propose  mediation  for  the 
settlement  of  the  differences  which  now  unhappily  divide  the  Amer- 
ican people,  have  nevertheless  expressed,  in  a  very  proper  manner, 
their  willingness  to  undertake  the  kindly  duty  of  mediation,  if  we 
should  desire  it.  The  President  expects  you  to  say  on  this  point  to 
the  British  government,  that  we  appreciate  this  generous  and 
friendly  demonstration  ;  but  that  we  cannot  solicit  or  accept  media- 
tion from  any,  even  the  most  friendly  quarter.  The  conditions  of 
society  here,  the  character  of  our  government,  the  exigencies  of  the 
country,  forbid  that  any  dispute  arising  among  us  should  ever  be 
referred  to  foreign  arbitration.1  We  are  a  republican  and  Ameri- 
can people.  The  Constitution  of  our  government  furnishes  all  need- 
ful means  for  the  correction  or  removal  of  any  possible  political 
evil.  Adhering  strictly  as  we  do  to  its  directions,  we  shall  sur- 
mount all  our  present  complications,  and  preserve  the  government 
complete,  perfect,  and  sound,  for  the  benefit  of  future  generations. 
But  the  integrity  of  any  nation  is  lost,  and  its  fate  becomes  doubt- 
ful, whenever  strange  hands,  and  instruments  unknown  to  the  Con- 
stitution, are  employed  to  perform  the  proper  functions  of  the 
people,  established  by  the  organic  laws  of  the  state. 

Hoping  to  have  no  occasion  hereafter  to  speak  for  the  hearing  of 
friendly  nations  upon  the  topics  which  I  have  now  discussed,  T  add 
a  single  remark  by  way  of  satisfying  the  British  government  that  it 

1  See  Letter  to  Governor  Hicks. 


280  SELECTIONS   FEOM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

will  do  wisely  by  leaving  us  to  manage  and  settle  this  domestic 
controversy  in  our  own  way.  The  fountains  of  discontent  in  any 
society  are  many,  and  some  lie  much  deeper  than  others.  Thus  far 
this  unhappy  controversy  has  disturbed  only  those  which  are  near- 
est the  surface.  There  are  others  which  lie  still  deeper  that  may 
yet  remain,  as  we  hope,  long  undisturbed.  If  they  should  be 
reached,  no  one  can  tell  how  or  when  they  could  be  closed.  It 
was  foreign  intervention  that  opened  and  that  alone  could  open 
similar  fountains  in  the  memorable  French  Revolution. 

Mr.  Seioard  to  Mr.  Adams. 

July  21,  1861.  —  I  have  already  in  a  previous  communication 
informed  you  that  this  government  has  not  been  disturbed  by  the 
action  of  the  British  authorities  in  sending  three  regiments  into 
Canada,  nor  by  the  announcement  of  the  coming  of  British  armed 
vessels  into  American  waters.  These  movements  are  certainly 
not  very  formidable  in  their  proportions ;  and  we  willingly  accept 
the  explanation  that  they  proceed  from  merely  prudential  mo- 
tives. 

Doubtless  it  had  been  better  if  they  had  not  been  made.  But 
what  government  can  say  that  it  never  acts  precipitately,  or  even 
capriciously.  On  our  part  the  possibility  of  foreign  intervention, 
sooner  or  later,  in  this  domestic  disturbance  is  never  absent  from 
the  thoughts  of  this  government.  We  are,  therefore,  not  likely  to 
exaggerate  indications  of  an  emergency  for  which  we  hold  ourselves 
bound  to  be  in  a  measure  always  prepared. 

The  Congress  of  the  United  States  has  by  law  asserted  the  right 
of  this  government  to  close  the  ports  in  this  country  which  have 
been  seized  by  the  insurgents. 

I  send  you  herewith  a  copy  of  the  enactment.  The  connecting 
by  Lord  John  Russell  of  that  measure  when  it  was  in  prospect  with 
what  had  taken  place  in  regard  to  a  law  of  New  Granada,  gives  to 
the  remarks  which  he  made  to  you  a  significance  that  requires  no 
especial  illustration.  If  the  government  of  the  United  States 
should  close  their  insurrectionary  ports  under  the  new  statute,  and 
Great  Britain  should,  in  pursuance  of  the  intimation  made,  disre- 
gard the  act,  no  one  can  suppose  for  a  moment  that  the  United 
States  would  acquiesce.  When  a  conflict  on  such  a  question  shall 
arrive  between  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain,  it  is  not  easily 


FOREIGN   WAR   DEPRECATED.  281 

to  be  seen  what  maritime  nation  could  keep  aloof  from  it.  It  must 
be  confessed,  therefore,  that  a  new  incident  has  occurred  increas- 
ing the  danger  that  what  has  hitherto  been,  and,  as  we  think, 
ought  to  be,  a  merely  domestic  controversy  of  our  own,  may  be  en- 
larged into  a  general  war  among  the  great  maritime  nations.  Hence 
the  necessity  for  endeavoring  to  bring  about  a  more  perfect  under- 
standing between  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  for  the  regu- 
lation of  their  mutual  relations  than  has  yet  been  attained. 

In  attempting  that  important  object  I  may  be  allowed  to  begin  by 
affirming  that  the  President  deprecates,  as  much  as  any  citizen  of 
either  country  or  any  friend  of  humanity  throughout  the  world  can 
deprecate,  the  evil  of  foreign  wars,  to  be  superinduced,  as  he  thinks 
unnecessarily,  upon  the  painful  civil  conflict  in  which  we  are  en- 
gaged for  the  purpose  of  defending  and  maintaining  our  national 
authority  over  our  own  disloyal  citizens. 

I  may  add,  also,  for  myself,  that  however  otherwise  I  may  at  any 
time  have  been  understood,  it  has  been  an  earnest  and  profound 
solicitude  to  avert  foreign  war  that  alone  has  prompted  the  em- 
phatic and  sometimes,  perhaps,  impassioned  remonstrances  I  have 
hitherto  made  against  any  form  or  measure  of  recognition  of  the 
insurgents  by  the  government  of  Great  Britain.  I  write  in  the 
same  spirit  now  ;  and  I  invoke  on  the  part  of  the  British  govern- 
ment, as  I  propose  to  exercise  on  my  own,  the  calmness  which  all 
counsellors  ought  to  practise  in  debates  which  involve  the  peace  and 
happiness  of  mankind. 

The  United  States  and  Great  Britain  have  assumed  incompatible, 
and  thus  far  irreconcilable,  positions  on  the  subject  of  the  existing 
insurrection. 

The  United  States  claim  and  insist  that  the  integrity  of  the  Re- 
public is  unbroken,  and  that  their  government  is  supreme  so  far  as 
foreign  nations  are  concerned,  as  well  for  war  as  for  peace,  over  all 
the  states,  all  sections,  and  all  citizens,  the  loyal  not  more  than  the 
disloyal,  the  patriots  and  the  insurgents  alike.  Consequently  they 
insist  that  the  British  government  shall  in  no  way  intervene  in  the 
insurrection,  or  hold  commercial  or  other  intercourse  with  the  insur- 
gents in  derogation  of  the  Federal  authority. 

The  British  government,  without  having  first  deliberately  heard 
the  claims  of  the  United  States,  announced,  through  a  proclamation 
of  the  Queen,  that  it  took  notice  of  the  insurrection  as  a  civil  war 


282  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

so  flagrant  as  to  divide  this  country  into  two  belligerent  parties,  of 
which  the  Federal  government  constitutes  one  and  the  disloyal  citi- 
zens the  other ;  and  consequently  it  inferred  a  right  of  Great  Brit- 
ain to  stand  in  an  attitude  of  neutrality  between  them.  It  is  not 
my  purpose  at  this  time  to  vindicate  the  position  of  the  United 
States,  nor  is  it  my  purpose  to  attempt  to  show  to  the  government 
of  Great  Britain  that  its  position  is  indefensible. 

The  question  at  issue  concerns  the  United  States  primarily,  and 
Great  Britain  only  secondarily  and  incidentally.  It  is,  as  I  have 
before  said,  a  question  of  the  integrity,  which  is  nothing  less  than 
the  life,  of  the  Republic  itself.  The  position  which  the  government 
has  taken  has  been  dictated,  therefore,  by  the  law  of  self-preserva- 
tion. No  nation  animated  by  loyal  sentiments  and  inspired  by  a 
generous  ambition  can  even  suffer  itself  to  debate  with  parties 
within  or  without  a  policy  of  self-preservation.  In  assuming  this 
position  and  the  policy  resulting  from  it,  we  have  done,  as  I  think, 
just  what  Great  Britain  herself  must,  and  therefore  would  do  if 
a  domestic  insurrection  should  attempt  to  detach  Ireland,  or  Scot- 
land, or  England  from  the  United  Kingdom,  while  she  would  hear 
no  argument  nor  enter  into  any  debate  upon  the  subject.  Neither 
adverse  opinions  of  theoretical  writers,  nor  precedents  drawn  from 
the  practice  of  other  nations,  or,  even  if  they  could  be,  from  her 
own,  would  modify  her  course,  which  would  be  all  the  more  vigor- 
ously followed  if  internal  resistance  should  fortify  itself  with  alli- 
ances throughout  the  world.  This  is  exactly  the  case  now  with 
the  United  States.  So,  for  obvious  reasons,  I  refrain  from  argument 
to  prove  to  the  government  of  Great  Britain  the  assumed  error  of 
the  position  it  has  avowed. 

First.  Argument  from  a  party  that  maintains  itself  to  be  abso- 
lutely right,  and  resolved  in  no  case  to  change  its  convictions,  be- 
comes merely  controversial.  Secondly.  Such  argument  would  be 
only  an  indirect  way  of  defending  our  own  position,  which  is  un- 
changeable. Thirdly.  The  position  of  Great  Britain  has  been  taken 
upon  the  assumption  of  a  certain  degree  of  probability  of  success  by 
the  insurgents  in  arms  ;  and  it  must  be  sooner  or  later  abandoned, 
as  that  probability  shall  diminish  and  ultimately  cease,  while  in  any 
case  that  circumstance  does  not  affect  our  position  or  the  policy 
which  we  have  adopted.  It  must,  therefore,  be  left  to  Great  Britain 
to  do  what  we  have  done,  namely,  survey  the  entire  field,  with  the 


THE  BLOCKADE   QUESTION.  283 

consequences  of  her  course  deemed  by  us  to  be  erroneous,  and  deter- 
mine as  those  consequences  develop  themselves  how  long  that  course 
shall  be  pursued. 

While,  however,  thus  waiving  controversy  on  the  main  point,  I 
am  tempted  by  a  sincere  conviction  that  Great  Britain  really  must 
desire,  as  we  do,  that  the  peace  of  the  world  may  not  be  unneces- 
sarily broken,  to  consider  the  attitude  of  the  two  powers,  with  a 
view  to  mutual  forbearance,  until  reconciliation  of  conflicting  sys- 
tems shall  have  become  in  every  event  impossible. 

The  British  government  will,  I  think,  admit  that  so  soon  as  its 
unexpected,  and,  as  we  regard  it,  injurious  position  assumed  in  the 
Queen's  proclamation  became  known  to  us,  we  took  some  pains  to 
avert  premature  or  unnecessary  collision,  if  it  could  be  done  without 
sacrificing  any  part  of  the  sovereignty  which  we  had  determined  in 
every  event  to  defend.  We  promptly  renewed  the  proposition 
which,  fortunately  for  both  parties,  we  had  tendered  before  that 
proclamation  was  issued,  to  concede  as  one  whole  undivided  sover- 
eignty to  Great  Britain,  as  a  friend,  all  the  guarantees  for  her  com- 
merce that  she  might  claim  as  a  neutral  from  this  government  as 
one  of  her  two  imagined  belligerents.  It  seemed  to  us  that  these 
two  gi'eat  and  kindred  nations  might  decline  to  be  dogmatic,  and 
act  practically  with  a  view  to  immediate  peace  and  ultimate  good 
understanding. 

So,  on  the  other  hand,  it  is  my  duty  to  admit,  as  I  most  frankly 
do,  that  the  directions  given  by  the  British  government  that  our 
blockade  shall  be  respected,  and  that  favor  or  shelter  shall  be  denied 
to  insurgent  privateers,  together  with  the  disallowance  of  the  appli- 
cation of  the  insurgent  commissioners,  have  given  us  good  reason  to 
expect  that  our  complete  sovereignty,  though  theoretically  ques- 
tioned in  the  Queen's  proclamation,  would  be  practically  respected. 
Lord  Lyons,  as  you  are  aware,  proposed  to  read  to  me  a  despatch 
which  he  had  received  from  his  government,  affirming  the  position 
assumed  in  the  Queen's  proclamation,  and  deducing  from  that  posi- 
tion claims  as  a  neutral  to  guarantees  of  safety  to  British  commerce 
less  than  those  we  had,  as  I  have  already  stated,  offered  to  her  as  a 
friend.  I  declined,  as  you  have  been  advised,  to  hear  the  com- 
munication, but  nevertheless  renewed  through  you,  as  I  consis- 
tently could,  the  offer  of  the  greater  guarantees  before  tendered. 

The  case  then  seemed  to  me  to  stand  thus :  The  two  nations  had, 


284  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

indeed,  failed  to  find  a  common  ground  or  principle  on  which  they 
could  stand  together;  but  they  had  succeeded  in  reaching  a  per- 
fect understanding  of  the  nature  and  extent  of  their  disagree- 
ment, and  in  finding  a  line  of  mutual  practical  forbearance.  It 
was  under  this  aspect  of  the  positions  of  the  two  governments  that 
the  President  thought  himself  authorized  to  inform  Congress  on  its 
coming  together  on  the  4th  of  July  instant,  in  extra  session,  that  the 
sovereignty  of  the  United  States  was  practically  respected  by  all 
nations. 

Nothing  has  occurred  to  change  this  condition  of  affairs,  unless  it 
be  the  attitude  which  Lord  John  Russell  has  indicated  for  the  British 
government  in  regard  to  an  apprehended  closing  of  the  insurrection- 
ary ports,  and  the  passage  of  the  law  of  Congress  which  authorizes 
that  measure  in  the  discretion  of  the  President. 

It  is  my  purpose  not  to  anticipate  or  even  indicate  the  decision 
which  will  be  made,  but  simply  to  suggest  to  you  what  you  may 
properly  and  advantageously  say  while  the  subject  is  under  consid- 
eration. First.  You  will,  of  course,  prevent  misconception  of  the 
measure  by  stating  that  the  law  only  authorizes  the  President  to 
close  the  ports  in  his  discretion,  according  as  he  shall  regard  exigen- 
cies now  existing  or  hereafter  to  arise. 

Secondly.  The  passage  of  the  law,  taken  in  connection  with  at- 
tendant circumstances,  does  not  necessarily  indicate  a  legislative 
conviction  that  the  ports  ought  to  be  closed,  but  only  shows  the  pur- 
pose of  Congress  that  the  closing  of  the  ports,  if  it  is  now  or  shall 
become  necessary,  shall  not  fail  for  want  of  power  explicitly  con- 
ferred by  law.  When,  on  the  13th  of  April  last,  disloyal  citizens 
defiantly  inaugurated  an  armed  insurrection  by  the  bombardment  of 
Fort  Sumter,  the  President's  constitutional  obligation  to  suppress 
the  insurrection  became  imperative. 

But  the  case  was  new,  and  had  not  been  adequately  provided  for 
by  express  law.  The  President  called  military  and  naval  forces 
into  activity,  instituted  a  blockade,  and  incurred  great  expense,  for 
all  which  no  direct  legal  provisions  existed.  He  convened  Congress 
at  the  earliest  possible  day  to  confirm  these  measures,  if  they  should 
see  fit. 

Congress,  when  it  came  together,  confronted  these  facts.  It  has 
employed  itself  less  in  directing  how  and  in  what  way  the  Union 
shall  be   maintained,  than  in  confirming  what  the  President  had 


A   WARNING   TO  FOREIGN   NATIONS.  285 

already  done,  and  in  putting  into  his  hands  more  ample  means  and 
greater  power  than  he  has  exercised  or  asked.  The  law  in  question 
was  passed  in  this  generous  and  patriotic  spirit.  Whether  it  shall 
be  put  into  execution  to-day  or  to-morrow,  or  at  what  time,  will 
depend  on  the  condition  of  things  at  home  and  abroad,  and  a  care- 
ful weighing  of  the  advantages  of  so  stringent  a  measure  against 
those  which  are  derived  from  the  existing  blockade. 

Thirdly.  You  may  assure  the  British  government  that  no  change 
of  policy  now  pursued,  injuriously  affecting  foreign  commerce,  will 
be  made  from  motives  of  aggression  against  nations  which  practically 
respect  the  sovereignty  of  the  United  States,  or  without  due  consid- 
eration of  all  the  circumstances,  foreign  as  well  as  domestic,  bearing 
upon  the  question.  The  same  spirit  of  forbearance  towards  foreign 
nations,  arising  from  a  desire  to  confine  the  calamities  of  the  un- 
happy contest  as  much  as  possible,  and  to  bring  it  to  a  close  by  the 
complete  restoration  of  the  authority  of  the  government  as  speedily 
as  possible,  that  have  hitherto  regulated  the  action  of  the  govern- 
ment, will  continue  to  control  its  councils. 

On  the  other  hand,  you  will  not  leave  it  at  all  doubtful  that  the 
President  fully  adheres  to  the  position  that  this  government  so  early 
adopted,  and  which  I  have  so  continually  throughout  this  contro- 
versy maintained  ;  consequently  he  fully  agrees  with  Congress  in 
the  principle  of  the  law  which  authorizes  him  to  close  the  ports 
which  have  been  seized  by  the  insurgents,  and  he  will  put  into  exe- 
cution and  maintain  it  with  all  the  means  at  his  command,  at  the 
hazard  of  whatever  consequences,  whenever  it  shall  appear  that  the 
safety  of  the  nation  requires  it. 

I  cannot  leave  the  subject  without  endeavoring  once  more,  as  I 
have  so  often  done  before,  to  induce  the  British  government  to  real- 
ize the  conviction  which  I  have  more  than  once  expressed  in  this 
correspondence,  that  the  policy  of  the  government  is  one  that  is 
based  on  interests  of  the  greatest  importance,  and  sentiments  of  the 
highest  virtue,  and  therefore  is  in  no  case  likely  to  be  changed, 
whatever  may  be  the  varying  fortunes  of  the  war  at  home  or  the 
action  of  foreign  nations  on  this  subject,  while  the  policy  of  foreign 
states  rests  on  ephemeral  interests  of  commerce  or  of  ambition 
merely.  The  policy  of  these  United  States  is  not  a  creature  of  the 
government  but  an  inspiration  of  the  people,  while  the  policies  of 
foreign  states  are  at  the  choice  mainly  of  the  governments  presiding 


286  SELECTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

over  them.  If,  through  error,  on  whatever  side  this  civil  contention 
shall  transcend  the  national  bounds  and  involve  foreign  states,  the 
energies  of  all  commercial  nations,  including  our  own,  will  necessa- 
rily be  turned  to  war,  and  a  general  carnival  of  the  adventurous  and 
the  reckless  of  all  countries,  at  the  cost  of  the  existing  commerce  of 
the  world,  must  ensue.  Beyond  that  painful  scene  upon  the  seas 
there  lie,  but  dimly  concealed  from  our  vision,  scenes  of  devastation 
and  desolation  which  will  leave  no  roots  remaining  out  of  which, 
trade  between  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain,  as  it  has  hither- 
to flourished,  can  ever  again  spring  up. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

August  17,  1861.  —  Your  letter  to  Lord  John  Russell  is  judicious, 
and  is  approved.  Lord  John  Russell's  answer  is  satisfactory,  with 
the  exception  of  a  single  passage,  upon  which  it  is  my  duty  to 
instruct  you  to  ask  the  British  Secretary  for  Foreign  Affairs  for  an 
explanation. 

The  passage  is  as/  follows  :  — 

"  I  need  scarcely  add  that  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain  the  en- 
gagement will  be  prospective,  and  will  not  invalidate  anything 
already  done." 

A  brief  statement  of  the  objects  of  the  proposed  negotiation  will 
bring  the  necessity  for  an  explanation  of  this  passage  into  a  strong 
light.  We  have  heretofore  proposed  to  other  maritime  states  cer- 
tain meliorations  of  the  laws  of  maritime  war  affecting  the  rights  of 
neutrals.  These  meliorations  are :  1st.  That  the  neutral  flag 
shall  protect  enemy's  goods  not  contraband  of  war.  2d.  That  the 
goods  of  neutrals,  not  contraband,  though  found  under  an  enemy's 
flag,  shall  not  be  confiscated.  3d.  That  blockades,  to  be  respected, 
must  be  effective. 

The  congress  at  Paris  adopted  these  three  principles,  adding  a 
fourth,  namely,  that  privateering  shall  be  abolished.  The  powers 
which  constituted  that  congress  invited  the  adhesion  of  the  United 
States  to  that  declaration.  The  United  States  answered  that  they 
would  accede  on  condition  that  the  other  powers  would  accept  a 
fifth  proposition,  namely,  that  the  goods  of  private  persons,  non- 
combatants,  should  be  exempt  from  confiscation  in  maritime  war. 

When  this  answer  was  given  by  the  United  States,  the  British 
government  declined  to  accept  the  proposed  amendment,  or  fifth 


LORD   JOHN   RUSSELL'S   RESERVATION.  287 

proposition,  thus  offered  by  the  United  States,  and  the  negotiation 
was  then  suspended.  We  have  now  proposed  to  resume  the  nego- 
tiation, offering  our  adhesion  to  the  declaration  of  Paris,  as  before, 
with  the  amendment  which  would  exempt  private  property  from 
confiscation  in  maritime  war. 

The  British  government  now,  as  before,  declares  this  amendment 
or  fifth  proposition  inadmissible.  It  results  that,  if  the  United 
States  can  at  all  become  a  party  to  the  declaration  of  the  Congress 
of  Paris  by  the  necessary  consent  of  the  parties  already  committed 
to  it,  this  can  be  done  only  by  their  accepting  that  declaration  with- 
out any  amendment  whatever,  in  other  words,  "  pure  and  simple." 
Under  these  circumstances  you  have  proposed  in  your  letter  to 
Lord  John  Russell  to  negotiate  our  adhesion  to  the  declaration  in 
that  form.  It  is  at  this  stage  of  the  affair  that  Lord  John  Russell 
interposes,  by  way  of  caution,  the  remark  that  "  on  the  part  of 
Great  Britain  the  engagement  will  be  prospective,  and  will  not  in- 
validate anything  already  done." 

I  need  dwell  on  this  remark  only  one  moment  to  show  that, 
although  expressed  in  a  very  simple  form  and  in  a  quite  casual  man- 
ner, it  contains  what  amounts  to  a  preliminary  condition,  which  must 
be  conceded  by  the  United  States  to  Great  Britain,  and  either  be 
inserted  in  the  convention,  and  so  modify  our  adhesion  to  the  decla- 
ration of  Paris,  or  else  must  be  in  some  confidential  manner  implied 
and  reserved,  with  the  same  effect. 

Upon  principle  this  government  could  not  consent  to  enter  into 
formal  negotiations,  the  result  of  which,  as  expressed  in  a  conven- 
tion, should  be  modified  or  restricted  by  a  tacit  or  implied  reserva- 
tion. Even  if  such  a  proceeding  was  compatible  with  our  convic- 
tions of  propriety  or  of  expediency,  there  would  yet  remain  an 
insuperable  obstacle  in  the  way  of  such  a  measure. 

The  President  can  only  initiate  a  treaty.  The  treaty  negotiated 
can  come  into  life  only  through  an  express  and  deliberate  act  of 
ratification  by  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  which  ratification 
sanctions,  in  any  case,  only  what  is  set  down  in  the  treaty  itself. 
I  am  not,  by  any  means,  to  be  understood  in  these  remarks  as 
implying  a  belief  that  Lord  John  Russell  desires,  expects,  or  contem- 
plates the  practice  of  any  reservation  on  the  part  of  the  United 
States  or  of  Great  Britain.  The  fact  of  his  having  given  you  the 
caution  upon  which  I  am  remarking,  would  be  sufficient,  if  evidence 


288  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

were  necessary,  to  exclude  any  apprehension  of  that  sort.  It  results 
from  these  remarks  that  the  convention  into  which  we  are  to  enter 
must  contain  a  provision  to  the  effect  that  "  the  engagements  "  to 
be  made  therein  are  "  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain  prospective,  and 
will  not  invalidate  anything  already  done." 

I  must,  therefore,  now  discuss  the  propriety  of  inserting  such  a 
stipulation  in  the  convention  which  you  have  been  authorized  to 
consummate.  The  proposed  stipulation  is  divisible  into  two  parts, 
namely  :  First.  That  the  engagements  of  Great  Britain  are  "  pros- 
pective "  [only]. 

I  do  not  see  any  great  objection  to  such  an  amendment.  But 
why  should  it  be  important?  A  contract  is  always  prospective,  and 
prospective  only,  if  it  contains  no  express  stipulation  that  it  shall  be 
retrospective  in  its  operation.  So  much,  therefore,  of  the  stipulation 
asked  is  unnecessary,  while,  if  conceded,  it  might  possibly  give  occa- 
sion to  misapprehension  as  to  its  effect.  You  will,  therefore,  de- 
cline to  make  such  a  condition  without  first  receiving  a  satisfactory 
explanation  of  its  meaning  and  its  importance. 

The  second  part  of  the  proposed  condition  is,  that  the  "  engage- 
ment will  not  invalidate  anything  already  done."  I  am  not  sure 
that  I  should  think  this  proposed  condition  exceptionable,  if  its 
effect  were  clearly  understood.  It  is  necessary,  however,  to  go  out- 
side of  his  lordship's  letter  to  find  out  what  is  meant  by  the  words 
"  anything  already  done."  If  "  anything"  pertinent  to  the  subject 
"  has  been  already  done"  which  ought  not  to  be  invalidated,  it  is  clear 
that  it  must  have  been  done  either  by  the  joint  action  of  the  United 
States  and  Great  Britain,  or  by  the  United  States  only,  or  by  Great 
Britain  acting  alone.  There  has  been  no  joint  action  of  the  United 
States  and  Great  Britain  upon  the  subject.  The  United  States 
have  done  nothing  affecting  it;  certainly  nothing  which  they  appre- 
hend would  be  invalidated  by  the  simple  form  of  convention  which 
they  propose.  I  am  left  to  conclude,  therefore,  that  the  "  thing  " 
which  "  has  been  done  already,"  and  which  Great  Britain  desires 
shall  not  be  invalidated  by  the  convention,  must  be  something  which 
she  herself  has  done.  At  the  same  time  we  are  left  to  conjecture 
what  that  thing  is  which 'is  thus  to  be  carefully  saved.  It  would 
be  hazardous  on  our  part  to  assume  to  know,  while  I  have  no  doubt 
that  the  British  government,  with  its  accustomed  frankness,  and  in 
view  of  the  desirableness  of  a  perfect  understanding  of  the  matter, 


OBSTACLES   TO   A   CONVENTION.  289 

will  at  once  specify  what  the  thing  which  has  been  done  by  her, 
and  which  is  not  to  be  invalidated,  really  is.  •  You  will,  therefore, 
respectfully  ask  the  right  honorable  Secretary  for  Foreign  Affairs  for 
an  explanation  of  the  part  of  his  letter  which  I  have  thus  drawn 
under  review,  as  a  preliminary  to  any  further  proceedings  in  the  pro- 
posed negotiation. 

You  will  perform  this  in  such  a  manner  as  to  show  that  the  ex- 
planation is  asked  in  no  querulous  or  hypercritical  spirit.  Secondly, 
you  will  perform  it  with  reasonable  promptness,  so  that  the  attain- 
ment of  the  important  object  of  the  negotiation  may  not  be  unnec- 
essarily delayed  ;  and,  thirdly,  you  will  assure  the  British  govern- 
ment that  while  the  United  States  at  present  see  no  reason  to  think 
that  the  stipulation  proposed  is  necessary  or  expedient,  yet,  in  view 
of  the  great  interests  of  commerce  and  of  civilization  which  are 
involved,  they  will  refuse  nothing  which  shall  be  really  just  or  even 
non-essential  and  not  injurious  to  themselves;  while  of  course  I 
suppose  they  are  not  expected  in  any  way  to  compromise  their  own 
national  integrity,  safety,  or  honor. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

September  7,  1861.  —  I  have  received  your  despatch  of  August 
23.  It  is  accompanied  by  a  note  which  was  addressed  to  you  by 
Lord  Russell  on  the  19th  of  the  same  month,  and  a  paper  contain- 
ing the  form  of  an  official  declaration  which  he  proposes  to  make  on 
the  part  of  her  Majesty  on  the  occasion  of  affixing  his  signature  to 
the  projected  convention  between  the  United  States  and  Great 
Britain  for  the  accession  of  the  former  power  to  the  articles  of  the 
declaration  of  the  Congress  of  Paris  for  the  melioration  of  the  rigor 
of  international  law  in  regard  to  neutrals  in  maritime  war.  The 
instrument  thus  submitted  to  us  by  Lord  Russell  is  in  the  following 
words :  "  Draft  of  declaration.  —  In  affixing  his  signature  to  the 
convention  of  this  day,  between  her  Majesty  the  Queen  of  Great 
Britain  and  Ireland  and  the  United  States  of  America,  the  Earl 
Russell  declares,  by  order  of  her  Majesty,  that  her  Majesty  does  not 
intend  thereby  to  undertake  any  engagement  which  shall  have  any 
bearing,  direct  or  indirect,  on  the  internal  differences  now  prevail- 
ing in  the  United  States." 

Lord  Russell,  in  his  note  to  you,  explains  the  object  of  the 
instrument  by  saying  that  it  is  intended  to  prevent  any  miscon- 

19 


290  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ception  as  to  the  nature  of  the  engagement  to  be  taken  by  her 
Majesty. 

You  have  judged  very  rightly  in  considering  this  proceeding,  on 
the  part  of  the  British  government,  as  one  so  grave  and  so  novel  in 
its  character  as  to  render  further  action  on  your  part  in  regard  to 
the  projected  convention  inadmissible  until  you  shall  have  special 
instructions  from  this  Department. 

Long  before  the  present  communication  can  reach  you,  my  in- 
structions of  August  17  will  have  come  to  your  hands.  That  paper 
directed  you  to  ask  Lord  Russell  to  explain  a  passage  in  a  note 
written  to  you,  and  then  lying  before  me,  in  which  he  said :  u  I 
need  scarcely  add  that  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain  the  engagement 
(to  be  contained  in  the  projected  convention)  will  be  prospective, 
and  will  not  invalidate  anything  already  done  ;  "  which  explanation 
I  stated  would  be  expected  as  a  preliminary  before  you  could  pro- 
ceed further  in  the  transaction. 

You  have  thus  been  already  prepared  for  the  information  that 
your  resolution  to  await  special  instructions  in  the  present  emer- 
gency is  approved. 

I  feel  myself  at  liberty,  perhaps  bound,  to  assume  that  Lord  Rus- 
sell's proposed  declaration,  which  I  have  herein  recited,  will  have 
been  already  regarded,  as  well  by  him  as  by  yourself,  as  sufficiently 
answering  the  request  for  preliminary  explanations  which  you  were 
instructed  to  make. 

I  may,  therefore,  assume  that  the  case  is  fully  before  me,  and  that 
the  question  whether  this  government  will  consent  to  enter  into  the 
projected  treaty  with  Great  Britain,  subject  to  the  condition  of  ad- 
mitting the  simultaneous  declaration  on  her  Majesty's  part,  proposed 
by  Lord  Russell,  is  ready  to  be  decided. 

I  am  instructed  by  the  President  to  say  that  the  proposed  dec- 
laration is  inadmissible. 

It  would  be  virtually  a  new  and  distinct  article  incorporated  into 
the  projected  convention.  To  admit  such  a  new  article  would,  for 
the  first  time  in  the  history  of  the  United  States,  be  to  permit  a 
foreign  power  to  take  cognizance  of  and  adjust  its  relations  upon 
assumed  internal  and  purely  domestic  differences  existing  within 
our  own  country. 

This  broad  consideration  supersedes  any  necessity  for  consid- 
ering in   what  manner  or  in   what  degree  the   projected  com  en- 


THE   CONGRESS   OP  PARIS.  291 

tion,  if  completed  either  subject  to  the  explanation  proposed  or  not, 
would  bear  directly  or  indirectly  on  the  internal  differences  which 
the  British  government  assume  to  be  prevailing  in  the  United 
States. 

I  do  not  enlarge  upon  this  branch  of  the  subject.  It  is  enough  to 
say  that  the  view  thus  adopted  by  the  President  seems  to  be  in  har- 
mony equally  with  a  prudent  regard  to  the  safety  of  the  Republic 
and  a  just  sense  of  its  honor  and  dignity. 

The  proposed  declaration  is  inadmissible,  among  other  reasons, 
because  it  is  not  mutual.  It  proposes  a  special  rule  by  which  her 
Majesty's  obligations  shall  be  meliorated  in  their  bearing  upon  in- 
ternal difficulties  now  prevailing  in  the  United  States,  while  the 
obligations  to  be  assumed  by  the  United  States  shall  not  be  simi- 
larly meliorated  or  at  all  affected  in  their  bearing  on  internal  differ- 
ences that  may  now  be  prevailing,  or  may  hereafter  arise  and  pre- 
vail, in  Great  Britain. 

It  is  inadmissible,  because  it  would  be  a  substantial  and  even  a 
radical  departure  from  the  declaration  of  the  congress  at  Paris. 
That  declaration  makes  no  exception  in  favor  of  any  of  the  parties 
to  it  in  regard  to  the  bearing  of  their  obligations  upon  internal  dif- 
ferences which  may  prevail  in  the  territories  or  dominions  of  other 
parties. 

The  declaration  of  the  Congress  of  Paris  is  the  joint  act  of  forty- 
six  great  and  enlightened  powers,  designing  to  alleviate  the  evils  of 
maritime  war,  and  promote  the  first  interest  of  humanity,  which  is 
peace.  The  government  of  Great  Britain  will  not,  I  am  sure, 
expect  us  to  accede  to  this  noble  act  otherwise  than  upon  the  same 
equal  footing  upon  which  all  the  other  parties  to  it  are  standing. 
We  could  not  consent  to  accede  to  the  declaration  with  a  modifica- 
tion of  its  terms  unless  all  the  present  parties  to  it  should  stipulate 
that  the  modification  should  be  adopted  as  one  of  universal  appli- 
cation. The  British  government  cannot  but  know  that  there 
would  be  little  prospect  of  an  entire  reformation  of  the  declara- 
tion of  Paris  at  the  present  time,  and  it  has  not  even  told  us 
that  it  would  accept  the  modification  as  a  general  one  if  it  were 
proposed. 

It  results  that  the  United  States  must  accede  to  the  declaration 
of  the  Congress  of  Paris  on  the  same  terms  with  all  the  other  parties 
to  it,  or  that  they  do  not  accede  to  it  at  all. 


292  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 

You  Avill  present  these  considerations  to  Lord  Russell,  not  as  argu- 
ments why  the  British  government  ought  to  recede  from  the  posi- 
tion it  has  assumed,  but  as  the  grounds  upon  which  the  United 
States  decline  to  enter  into  the  projected  convention  recognizing 
that  exceptional  position  of  her  Majesty. 

If,  therefore,  her  Britannic  Majesty's  government  shall  adhere  to 
the  proposition  thus  disallowed,  you  will  inform  Lord  Russell  that 
the  negotiation  must  for  the  present  be  suspended. 

1  forbear  purposely  from  a  review  of  the  past  correspondence,  to 
ascertain  the  relative  responsibilities  of  the  parties  for  this  failure 
of  negotiations,  from  which  I  had  hoped  results  would  flow  beneficial, 
not  only  to  the  two  nations  but  to  the  whole  world  —  beneficial,  not 
in  the  present  age  only,  but  in  future  ages. 

It  is  my  desire  that  we  may  withdraw  from  the  subject,  carrying 
away  no  feelings  of  passion,  prejudice,  or  jealousy,  so  that  in  some 
happier  time  it  may  be  resumed,  and  the  important  objects  of  the 
proposed  convention  may  be  fully  secured.  I  believe  that  that 
propitious  time  is  even  now  not  distant ;  and  I  will  hope  that  when 
it  comes  Great  Britain  will  not  only  willingly  and  unconditionally 
accept  the  adhesion  of  the  United  States  to  all  the  benignant  arti- 
cles of  the  declaration  of  the  Congress  of  Paris,  but  will  even  go 
further,  and,  relinquishing  her  present  objections,  consent,  as  the 
United  States  have  so  constantly  invited,  that  the  private  property, 
not  contraband,  of  citizens  and  subjects  of  nations  in  collision  shall 
be  exempted  from  confiscation  equally  in  warfare  waged  on  the 
land  and  in  warfare  waged  upon  the  seas,  which  are  the  common 
highways  of  all  nations. 

Regarding  this  negotiation  as  at  an  end,  the  question  arises,  what, 
then,  are  to  be  the  views  and  policy  of  the  United  States  in  regard 
to  the  rights  of  neutrals  in  maritime  war  in  the  present  case.  My 
previous  despatches  leave  no  uncertainty  upon  this  point.  We  regard 
Great  Britain  as  a  friend.  Her  Majesty's' flag,  according  to  our 
traditional  principles,  covers  enemy's  goods  not  contraband  of  waf. 
Goods  of  her  Majesty's  subjects,  not  contraband  of  war,  are  exempt 
from  confiscation  though  found  under  a  neutral  or  disloyal  flag.  No 
depredations  shall  be  committed  by  our  naval  forces  or  by  those  of 
any  of  our  citizens,  so  far  as  we  can  prevent  it,  upon  the  vessels  or 
property  of  British  subjects.  Our  blockade,  being  effective,  must  be 
respected. 


WHY   NOT   RETAIN   BRITISH   FRIENDSHIP?  293 

The  unfortunate  failure  of  our  negotiations  to  amend  the  law  of 
nations  in  regard  to  maritime  war  does  not  make  us  enemies, 
although,  if  they  had  been  successful,  we  should  have  perhaps  been 
more  assured  friends. 

Civil  war  is  a  calamity  from  which  certainly  no  people  or  nation 
that  has  ever  existed  has  been  always  exempt.  It  is  one  which  prob- 
ably no  nation  ever  will  escape.  Perhaps  its  most  injurious  trait  is 
its  tendency  to  subvert  the  good  understanding  and  break  up  the 
relations  existing  between  the  distracted  state  and  friendly  nations, 
and  to  involve  them,  sooner  or  later,  in  war.  It  is  the  desire  of  the 
United  States  that  the  internal  differences  existing  in  this  country 
may  be  confined  within  our  own  borders.  I  do  not  suffer  myself 
for  a  moment  to  doubt  that  Great  Britain  has  a  desire  that  we  may 
be  successful  in  attaining  that  object,  and  that  she  looks  with  dread 
upon  the  possibility  of  being  herself  drawn  into  this  unhappy  inter- 
nal controversy  of  our  own.  I  do  not  think  it  can  be  regarded  as 
disrespectful  if  you  should  remind  Lord  Russell  that  when,  in  1838, 
a  civil  war  broke  out  in  Canada,  a  part  of  the  British  dominions 
adjacent  to  the  United  States,  the  Congress  of  the  United  States 
passed  and  the  President  executed  a  law  which  effectuall}'  prevented 
any  intervention  against  the  government  of  Great  Britain  in  those 
internal  differences  by  American  citizens,  whatever  might  be  their 
motives,  real  or  pretended,  whether  of  interest  or  sympathy.  I 
send  yon  a  copy  of  that  enactment.  The  British  government 
will  judge  for  itself  whether  it  is  suggestive  of  any  measures  on 
the  part  of  Great  Britain  that  might  tend  to  preserve  the  peace 
of  the  two  countries,  and,  through  that  way,  the  peace  of  all 
nations. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

November  30,  1861.  —  Your  confidential  note  of  the  15th  of 
November,  not  marked  as  a  despatch,  has  been  submitted  to  the 
President,  and  I  hasten  to  reply  to  it  in  time  for  the  Wednesday's 
mail. 

No  minister  ever  spoke  or  acted  more  wisely  in  a  crisis  which 
excited  deep  public  solicitude  than  you  did  on  the  occasion  of  the 
Lord  Mayor's  dinner.  We  are  impressed  very  favorably  by  Lord 
Palmerston's  conversation  with  you.  You  spoke  the  simple  fact 
when  you  told  him  that  the  life  of  this  insurrection  is  sustained 


294  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

by  its  hopes  of  recognition  in  Great  Britain  and  in  France.  It 
would  perish  in  ninety  days  if  those  hopes  should  cease.  I  have 
never  for  a  moment  believed  that  such  a  recognition  could  take 
place  without  producing  immediately  a  war  between  the  United 
States  and  all  the  recognizing  powers.  I  have  not  supposed  it  pos- 
sible that  the  British  government  could  fail  to  see  this  ;  and  at  the 
same  time  I  have  sincerely  believed  the  British  government  must, 
in  its  inmost  heart,  be  as  averse  from  such  a  war  as  I  know  this 
government  is. 

I  am  sure  that  this  government  has  carefully  avoided  giving  any 
cause  of  offence  or  irritation  to  Great  Britain.  But  it  has  seemed 
to  me  that  the  British  government  has  been  inattentive  to  the 
currents  that  seemed  to  be  bringing  the  two  countries  into  col- 
lision. .  .  . 

I  infer  from  Lord  Palmerston's  remark  that  the  British  govern- 
ment is  now  awake  to  the  importance  of  averting  possible  conflict, 
and  disposed  to  confer  and  act  with  earnestness  to  that  end.  If  so, 
we  are  disposed  to  meet  them  in  the  same  spirit,  as  a  nation  chiefly 
of  British  lineage,  sentiments,  and  sympathies  —  a  civilized  and 
humane  nation  —  a  Christian  people. 

Since  that  conversation  was  held  Captain  Wilkes,  of  the  steamer 
San  Jacinto,  has  boarded  a  British  colonial  steamer  and  taken  from 
her  deck  two  insurgents  who  were  proceeding  to  Europe  on  an 
errand  of  treason  against  their  own  country.  This  is  a  new  inci- 
dent, unknown  to,  and  unforeseen,  at  least  in  its  circumstances,  by 
Lord  Palmerston.  It  is  to  be  met  and  disposed  of  by  the  two  gov- 
ernments, if  possible,  in  the  spirit  to  which  I  have  adverted.  Lord 
Lyons  has  prudently  refrained  from  opening  the  subject  to  me,  as, 
I  presume,  waiting  instructions  from  home.  We  have  done  nothing 
on  the  subject  to  anticipate  the  discussion,  and  we  have  not  fur- 
nished you  with  any  explanations.  We  adhere  to  that  course  now, 
because  we  think  it  more  prudent  that  the  ground  taken  by  the 
British  government  should  be  first  made  known  to  us  here,  and 
that  the  discussion,  if  there  must  be  one,  shall  be  had  here.  It 
is  proper,  however,  that  you  should  know  one  fact  in  the  case,  with- 
out indicating  that  we  attach  much  importance  to  it,  namely,  that, 
in  the  capture  of  Messrs.  Mason  and  Slidell  on  board  a  British 
vessel,  Captain  Wilkes  having  acted  without  any  instructions 
from  the  government,  the  subject  is  therefore  free  from  the  embar- 


THE   TRENT   AFFAIR.  295 

rassment  which  might  have  resulted  if  the  act  had  been  specially- 
directed  by  us.1 

Mr.  Seward  to  Lord  Lyons. 

December  26,  1861.  —  Earl  Russell's  despatch  of  November  the 
30th,  a  copy  of  which  you  have  left  with  me  at  my  request,  is  of 
the  following  effect,  namely  :  — 

That  a  letter  of  Commander  Williams,  dated  Royal  Mail  Con- 
tract Packetboat  Trent,  at  sea,  November  9th,  states  that  that  ves- 
sel left  Havana  on  the  7th  of  November,  with  her  Majesty's  mails 
for  England,  having  on  board  numerous  passengers.  Shortly  after 
noon,  on  the  8th  of  November,  the  United  States  war  steamer  San 
Jacinto,  Captain  Wilkes,  not  showing  colors,  was  observed  ahead. 
That  steamer,  on  being  neared  by  the  Trent,  at  one  o'clock  fifteen 
minutes  in  the  afternoon,  fired  a  round  shot  from  a  pivot-gun  across 
her  bows,  and  showed  American  colors.  While  the  Trent  was  ap- 
proaching slowly  towards  the  San  Jacinto  she  discharged  a  shell 
across  the  Trent's  bows,  which  exploded  at  half  a  cable's  length 
before  her.  The  Trent  then  stopped,  and  an  officer  with  a  large 
armed  guard  of  marines  boarded  her.  The  officer  said  he  had  or- 
ders to  arrest  Messrs.  Mason,  Slidell,  McFarland,  and  Eustis,  and 
had  sure  information  that  they  were  passengers  in  the  Trent. 
While  some  parley  was  going  on  upon  this  matter,  Mr.  Slidell 
stepped  forward  and  said  to  the  American  officer  that  the  four  per- 
sons he  had  named  were  standing  before  him.  The  commander  of 
the  Trent  and  Commander  Williams  protested  against  the  act  of 
taking  those  four  passengers  out  of  the  Trent,  they  then  being 
under  the  protection  of  the  British  (lag.  But  the  San  Jacinto  was 
at  this  time  only  two  hundred  yards  distant,  her  ship's  company  at 
quarters,  her  ports  open  and  tompions  out,  and  so  resistance  was 
out  of  the  question.  The  four  persons  before  named  were  then  for- 
cibly taken  out  of  the  ship.  A  further  demand  was  made  that  the 
commander  of  the  Trent  should  proceed  on  board  the  San  Jacinto, 
but  he  said  he  would  not  go  unless  forcibly  compelled  likewise,  and 
this  demand  was  not  insisted  upon. 

Upon  this  statement  Earl  Russell  remarks  that  it  thus  appears 
that  certain  individuals  have  been  forcibly  taken  from  on  board  a 
British  vessel,  the  ship  of  a  neutral  power,  while  that  vessel  was 
pursuing  a  lawful  and  innocent  voyage  —  an  act  of  violence  which 

1  See  Mr.  Adams's  oration. 


296  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

was  an  affront  to  the  British  flag  and  a  violation  of  international 
law. 

Earl  Russell  next  says  that  her  Majesty's  government,  bearing  in 
mind  the  friendly  relations  which  have  long  subsisted  between  Great 
Britain  and  the  United  States,  are  willing  to  believe  that  the  naval 
officer  who  committed  this  aggression  was  not  acting  in  compliance 
with  any  authority  from  his  government,  or  that,  if  he  conceived 
himself  to  be  so  authorized,  he  gi'eatly  misunderstood  the  instruc- 
tions which  he  had  received. 

Earl  Russell  argues  that  the  United  States  must  be  fully  aware 
that  the  British  government  could  not  allow  such  an  affront  to  the 
national  honor  to  pass  without  full  reparation,  and  they  are  willing 
to  believe  that  it  could  not  be  the  deliberate  intention  of  the  gov- 
ernment of  the  United  States  unnecessarily  to  force  into  discussion 
between  the  two  governments  a  question  of  so  grave  a  character, 
and  with  regard  to  which  the  whole  British  nation  would  be  sure 
to  entertain  such  unanimity  of  feeling. 

Earl  Russell,  resting  upon  the  statement  and  the  argument  which  I 
have  thus  recited,  closes  with  saying  that  her  Majesty's  government 
trust  that  when  this  matter  shall  have  been  brought  under  the  con- 
sideration of  the  government  of  the  United  States,  it  will,  of  its  own 
accord,  offer  to  the  British  government  such  redress  as  alone  could 
satisfy  the  British  nation,  namely,  the  liberation  of  the  four  prison- 
ers taken  from  the  Trent,  and  their  delivery  to  your  lordship,  in  or- 
der that  they  may  again  be  placed  under  British  protection,  and  a 
suitable  apology  for  the  aggression  which  has  been  committed. 
Earl  Russell  finally  instructs  you  to  propose  those  terms  to  me,  if  I 
should  not  first  offer  them  on  the  part  of  the  government. 

This  despatch  has  been  submitted  to  the  President. 

The  British  government  has  rightly  conjectured,  what  it  is  now 
my  duty  to  state,  that  Captain  Wilkes,  in  conceiving  and  executing 
the  proceeding  in  question,  acted  upon  his  own  suggestions  of 
duty,  without  any  direction  or  instruction,  or  even  foreknowledge 
of  it,  on  the  part  of  this  government.  No  directions  had  been  given 
to  him,  or  any  other  naval  officer,  to  arrest  the  four  persons  named, 
or  any  of  them,  on  the  Trent  or  on  any  other  British  vessel,  or  on 
any  other  neutral  vessel,  at  the  place  where  it  occurred  or  else- 
where. The  British  government  will  justly  infer  from  these  facts 
that  the  United  States  not  only  have  had  no  purpose,  but  even  no 


THE   TRENT   AFFAIR.  297 

thought,  of  forcing  into  discussion  the  question  which  has  arisen,  or 
any  other  which  could  affect  in  any  way  the  sensibilities  of  the 
British  nation. 

It  is  true  that  a  round  shot  was  fired  by  the  San  Jacinto  from 
her  pivot-gun  when  the  Trent  was  distantly  approaching.  But,  as 
the  facts  have  been  reported  to  this  government,  the  shot  was  nev- 
ertheless intentionally  fired  in  a  direction  so  obviously  divergent 
from  the  course  of  the  Trent  as  to  be  quite  as  harmless  as  a  blank 
shot,  while  it  should  be  regarded  as  a  signal. 

So  also  we  learn  that  the  Trent  was  not  approaching  the  San 
Jacinto  slowly  when  the  shell  was  fired  across  her  bows,  but, 
on  the  contrary,  the  Trent  was,  or  seemed  to  be,  moving  under  a 
full  head  of  steam,  as  if  with  a  purpose  to  pass  the  San  Jacinto. 

We  are  informed  also  that  the  boarding  officer  (Lieutenant  Fair- 
fax) did  not  board  the  Trent  with  a  large  armed  guard,  but  he  left 
his  marines  in  his  boat  when  he  entered  the  Trent.  He  stated  his 
instructions  from  Captain  Wilkes  to  search  for  the  four  persons 
named,  in  a  respectful  and  courteous,  though  decided  manner,  and 
he  asked  the  captain  of  the  Trent  to  show  his  passenger  list,  which 
was  refused.  The  lieutenant,  as  we  are  informed,  did  not  employ 
absolute  force  in  transferring  the  passengers,  but  he  used  just  so 
much  as  was  necessary  to  satisfy  the  parties  concerned  that  refusal 
or  resistance  would  be  unavailing. 

So,  also,  we  are  informed  that  the  captain  of  the  Trent  was  not 
at  any  time  or  in  any  way  required  to  go  on  board  the  San  Jacinto. 

These  modifications  of  the  case,  as  presented  by  Commander 
Williams,  are  based  upon  our  official  report. 

I  have  now  to  remind  your  lordship  of  some  facts  which  doubt- 
lessly were  omitted  by  Earl  Russell,  with  the  very  proper  and  be- 
coming motive  of  allowing  them  to  be  brought  into  the  case,  on  the 
part  of  the  United  States,  in  the  way  most  satisfactory  to  this  gov- 
ernment. These  facts  are,  that  at  the  time  the  transaction  oc- 
curred an  insurrection  was  existing  in  the  United  States  which  this 
government  was  engaged  in  suppressing  by  the  employment  of  land 
and  naval  forces  ;  that  in  regard  to  this  domestic  strife  the  United 
States  considered  Great  Britain  as  a  friendly  power,  while  she  had 
assumed  for  herself  the  attitude  of  a  neutral  ;  and  that  Spain  was 
considered  in  the  same  light,  and  had  assumed  the  same  attitude  as 
Great  Britain. 


298  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

It  had  been  settled  by  correspondence  that  the  United  States  and 
Great  Britain  mutually  recognized  as  applicable  to  this  local  strife 
these  two  articles  of  the  declaration  made  by  the  Congress  of  Paris 
in  1856,  namely,  that  the  neutral  or  friendly  flag  should  cover 
enemy's  goods  not  contraband  of  war,  and  that  neutral  goods  not 
contraband  of  war  are  not  liable  to  capture  under  an  enemy's  flag. 
These  exceptions  of  contraband  from  favor  were  a  negative  accept- 
ance by  the  parties  of  the  rule  hitherto  everywhere  recognized  as  a 
part  of  the  law  of  nations,  that  whatever  is  contraband  is  liable  to 
capture  and  confiscation  in  all  cases. 

James  M.  Mason  and  E.  J.  McFarland  are  citizens  of  the  United 
States  and  residents  of  Virginia.  John  Slidell  and  George  Eustis 
are  citizens  of  the  United  States  and  residents  of  Louisiana.  It 
was  well  known  at  Havana  when  these  parties  embarked  in  the 
Trent  that  James  M.  Mason  was  proceeding  to  England  in  the 
affected  character  of  a  minister  plenipotentiary  to  the  court  of  St. 
James,  under  a  pretended  commission  from  Jefferson  Davis,  who 
had  assumed  to  be  president  of  the  insurrectionary  party  in  the 
United  States,  and  E.  J.  McFarland  was  going  with  him  in  a  like 
unreal  character  of  secretary  of  legation  to  the  pretended  mission. 
John  Slidell,  in  similar  circumstances,  was  going  to  Paris  as  a  pre- 
tended minister  to  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  and  George  Eustis 
was  the  chosen  secretary  of  legation  for  that  simulated  mission. 
The  fact  that  these  persons  had  assumed  such  characters  has  been 
since  avowed  by  the  same  Jefferson  Davis  in  a  pretended  message 
to  an  unlawful  and  insurrectionary  Congress.  It  was,  as  we  think, 
rightly  presumed  that  these  ministers  bore  pretended  credentials 
and  instructions,  and  such  papers  are  in  the  law  known  as  des- 
patches. We  are  informed  by  our  consul  at  Paris  that  these 
despatches,  having  escaped  the  search  of  the  Trent,  were  actually 
conveyed  and  delivered  to  emissaries  of  the  insurrection  in  England. 
Although  it  is  not  essential,  yet  it  is  proper  to  state,  as  I  do  also 
upon  information  and  belief,  that  the  owner  and  agent,  and  all  the 
officers  of  the  Trent,  including  Commander  Williams,  had  knowl- 
edge of  the  assumed  characters  and  purposes  of  the  persons  before 
named  when  they  embarked  on  that  vessel. 

Your  lordship  will  now  perceive  that  the  case  before  us,  instead 
of  presenting  a  merely  flagrant  act  of  violence  on  the  part  of 
Captain  Wilkes,  as    might  well  be  inferred  from    the  incomplete 


THE   TRENT   AFFAIR.  299 

statement  of  it  that  went  up  to  the  British  government,  was  under- 
taken as  a  simple  legal  and  customary  belligerent  proceeding  by 
Captain  Wilkes  to  arrest  and  capture  a  neutral  vessel  engaged  in 
carrying  contraband  of  war  for  the  use  and  benefit  of  the  insur- 
gents. 

The  question  before  us  is,  whether  this  proceeding  was  author- 
ized by  and  conducted  according  to  the  law  of  nations.  It  involves 
the  following  inquiries  : 

•1st.  Were  the  persons  named  and  their  supposed  despatches  con- 
traband of  war  ? 

2d.  Might  Captain  Wilkes  lawfully  stop  and  search  the  Trent 
for  these  contraband  persons  and  despatches  ? 

3d.  Did  he  exercise  that  right  in  a  lawful  and  proper  manner? 

4th.  Having  found  the  contraband  persons  on  board  and  in  pre- 
sumed possession  of  the  contraband  despatches,  had  he  a  rigljt  to 
capture  the  persons  ? 

5th.  Did  he  exercise  that  right  of  capture  in  the  manner  allowed 
and  recognized  by  the  law  of  nations  ? 

If  all  these  inquiries  shall  be  resolved  in  the  affirmative  the  Brit- 
ish government  will  have  no  claim  for  reparation. 

I  address  myself  to  the  first  inquiry,  namely,  Were  the  four  per- 
sons mentioned,  and  their  supposed  despatches,  contraband? 

Maritime  law  so  generally  deals,  as  its  professors  say,  in  rem, 
that  is  with  property,  and  so  seldom  with  persons,  that  it  seems  a 
straining  of  the  term  contraband  to  apply  it  to  them.  But  persons, 
as  well  as  property,  may  become  contraband,  since  the  word  means 
broadly  "  contrary  to  proclamation,  prohibited,  illegal,  unlawful.  " 

All  writers  and  judges  pronounce  naval  or  military  persons  in  the 
service  of  the  enemy  contraband.  Vattel  says  war  allows  us  to  cut 
off  from  an  enemy  all  his  resources,  and  to  hinder  him  from  sending 
ministers  to  solicit  assistance.  And  Sir  William  Scott  says  you 
may  stop  the  ambassador  of  your  enemy  on  his  passage.  De- 
spatches are  not  less  clearly  contraband,  and  the  bearers  or  couriers 
who  undertake  to  carry  them  fall  under  the  same  condemnation. 

A  subtlety  might  be  raised  whether  pretended  ministers  of  a 
usurping  power,  not  recognized  as  legal  by  either  the  belligerent  or 
the  neutral,  could  be  held  to  be  contraband.  But  it  would  disap- 
pear on  being  subjected  to  what  is  the  true  test  in  all  cases  — 
namely,  the  spirit  of  the  law.  Sir  William  Scott,  speaking  of  civil 
magistrates  who  are  arrested  and  detained  as  contraband  says :  — 


300  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

"  It  appears  to  me  on  principle  to  be  but  reasonable  that  when  it 
is  of  sufficient  importance  to  the  enemy  that  such  persons  shall  be 
sent  out  on  the  public  service  at  the  public  expense,  it  should  afford 
equal  ground  of  forfeiture  against  the  vessel  that  may  be  let  out  for 
a  purpose  so  intimately  connected  with  the  hostile  operations." 

I  trust  that  I  have  shown  that  the  four  persons  who  were  taken 
from  the  Trent  by  Captain  Wilkes,  and  their  despatches,  were  con- 
traband of  war. 

The  second  inquiry  is,  whether  Captain  Wilkes  had  a  right  by 
the  law  of  nations  to  detain  and  search  the  Trent. 

The  Trent,  though  she  carried  mails,  was  a  contract  or  merchant 
vessel  —  a  common  carrier  for  hire.  Maritime  law  knows  only 
three  classes  of  vessels  —  vessels  of  war,  revenue  vessels,  and  mer- 
chant vessels.  The  Trent  falls  within  the  latter  class.  Whatever 
disputes  have  existed  concerning  a  right  of  visitation  or  search  in 
time  of  peace,  none,  it  is  supposed,  has  existed  in  modern  times 
about  the  right  of  a  belligerent  in  time  of  war  to  capture  contra- 
band in  neutral  and  even  friendly  merchant  vessels,  and  of  the  right 
of  visitation  and  search,  in  order  to  determine  whether  they  are 
neutral,  and  are  documented  as  such  according  to  the  law  of 
nations. 

I  assume  in  the  present  case  what,  as  I  read  British  authorities, 
is  regarded  by  Great  Britain  herself  as  true  maritime  law  :  That 
the  circumstance  that  the  Trent  was  proceeding  from  a  neutral  port 
to  another  neutral  port  does  not  modify  the  right  of  the  belligerent 
captor. 

The  third  question  is  whether  Captain  Wilkes  exercised  the 
right  of  search  in  a  lawful  and  proper  manner. 

If  any  doubt  hung  over  this  point,  as  the  case  was  presented  in 
the  statement  of  it  adopted  by  the  British  government,  I  think  it 
must  have  already  passed  away  before  the  modifications  of  that 
statement  which  I  have  alread}7  submitted. 

I  proceed  to  the  fourth  inquiry,  namely :  Having  found  the  sus- 
pected contraband  of  war  on  board  the  Trent,  had  Captain  Wilkes 
a  right  to  capture  the  same  ? 

Such  a  capture  is  the  chief,  if  not  the  only  recognized,  object  of 
the  permitted  visitation  and  search.  The  principle  of  the  law  is, 
that  the  belligerent  exposed  to  danger  may  prevent  the  contraband 
persons  or  things  from  applying  themselves  or  being  applied  to  the 


THE   TRENT  AFFAIR.  301 

hostile  uses  or  purposes  designed.  The  law  is  so  very  liberal  in 
this  respect  that  when  contraband  is  found  on  board  a  neutral  ves- 
sel, not  only  is  the  contraband  forfeited,  but  the  vessel  which  is  the 
vehicle  of  its  passage  or  transportation,  being  tainted,  also  becomes 
contraband,  and  is  subjected  to  capture  and  confiscation. 

Only  the  fifth  question  remains,  namely :  Did  Captain  Wilkes 
exercise  the  right  of  capturing  the  contraband  in  conformity  with 
the  law  of  nations? 

It  is  just  here  that  the  difficulties  of  the  case  begin.  What  is  the 
manner  which  the  law  of  nations  prescribes  for  disposing  of  the 
contraband  when  you  have  found  and  seized  it  on  board  of  the  neu- 
tral vessel  ?  The  answer  would  be  easily  found  if  the  question  were 
what  you  shall  do  with  the  contraband  vessel.  You  must  take  or 
send  her  into  a  convenient  port,  and  subject  her  to  a  judicial  prose- 
cution there  in  admiralty,  which  will  try  and  decide  the  questions 
of  belligerency,  neutrality,  contraband,  and  capture.  So,  again,  you 
would  promptly  find  the  same  answer  if  the  question  were,  What  is 
the  manner  of  proceeding  prescribed  by  the  law  of  nations  in  regard 
to  the  contraband,  if  it  be  property  or  things  of  material  or  pecuni- 
ary value  ? 

But  the  question  here  concerns  the  mode  of  procedure  in  regard, 
not  to  the  vessel  that  was  carrying  the  contraband,  nor  yet  to  the 
contraband  things  which  worked  the  forfeiture  of  the  vessel,  but  to 
contraband  persons. 

The  books  of  law  are  dumb.  Yet  the  question  is  as  important  as 
it  is  difficult.  First,  the  belligerent  captor  has  a  right  to  prevent 
the  contraband  officer,  soldier,  sailor,  minister,  messenger,  or  courier 
from  proceeding  in  his  unlawful  voyage  and  reaching  the  destined 
scene  of  his  injurious  service.  But,  on  the  other  hand,  the  person 
captured  may  be  innocent  —  that  is,  he  may  not  be  contraband. 
He,  therefore,  has  a  right  to  a  fair  trial  of  the  accusation  against 
him.  The  neutral  state  that  has  taken  him  under  its  flag  is  bound 
to  protect  him  if  he  is  not  contraband,  and  is  therefore  entitled  to 
be  satisfied  upon  that  important  question.  The  faith  of  that  state 
is  pledged  to  his  safety,  if  innocent,  as  its  justice  is  pledged  to  his 
surrender  if  he  is  really  contraband.  Here  are  conflicting  claims, 
involving  personal  liberty,  life,  honor,  and  duty.  Here  are  conflict- 
ing national  claims,  involving  welfare,  safety,  honor,  and  empire. 
They  require  a  tribunal  and  a  trial.  The  captors  and  the  captured 
are  equals  ;  the  neutral  and  the  belligerent  states  are  equals. 


302  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

While  the  law  authorities  were  found  silent,  it  was  suggested  at 
an  early  day  by  this  government  that  you  should  take  the  captured 
persons  into  a  convenient  port,  and  institute  judicial  proceedings 
there  to  try  the  controversy.  But  only  courts  of  admiralty  have 
jurisdiction  in  maritime  cases,  and  these  courts  have  formulas  to  try 
only  claims  to  contraband  chattels,  but  none  to  try  claims  concern- 
ing contraband  persons.  The  courts  can  entertain  no  proceedings 
and  render  no  judgment  in  favor  of  or  against  the  alleged  contra- 
band men. 

It  was  replied  all  this  was  true  ;  but  you  can  reach  in  those  courts 
a  decision  which  will  have  the  moral  weight  of  a  judicial  one  by  a 
circuitous  proceeding.  Convey  the  suspected  men,  together  with  the 
suspected  vessel,  into  port,  and  try  there  the  question  whether  the  ves- 
sel is  contraband.  You  can  prove  it  to  be  so  by  proving  the  suspected 
men  to  be  contraband,  and  the  court  must  then  determine  the  vessel 
to  be  contraband.  If  the  men  are  not  contraband,  the  vessel  will 
escape  condemnation.  Still,  there  is  no  judgment  for  or  against 
the  captured  persons.  But  it  was  assumed  that  there  would  result 
from  the  determination  of  the  court  concerning  the  vessel  a  legal 
certainty  concerning  the  character  of  the  men. 

This  course  of  proceeding  seemed  open  to  many  objections.  It  ele- 
vates the  incidental  inferior  private  interests  into  the  proper  place  of 
the  main  paramount  public  one,  and  possibly  it  may  make  the  for- 
tunes, the  safety,  or  the  existence  of  a  nation  depend  on  the  accidents 
of  a  merely  personal  and  pecuniary  litigation.  Moreover,  when  the 
judgment  of  the  prize  court  upon  the  lawfulness  of  the  capture  of 
the  vessel  is  rendered,  it  really  concludes  nothing,  and  binds  neither 
the  belligerent  state  nor  the  neutral  upon  the  great  question  of  the 
disposition  to  be  made  of  the  captured  contraband  persons.  That 
question  is  still  to  be  really  determined,  if  at  all,  by  diplomatic 
arrangement  or  by  war. 

One  may  well  express  his  surprise  when  told  that  the  law  of 
nations  has  furnished  no  more  reasonable,  practical,  and  perfect 
mode  than  this  of  determining  questions  of  such  grave  import  between 
sovereign  powers.  The  regret  we  may  feel  on  the  occasion  is  nev- 
ertheless modified  by  the  reflection  that  the  difficulty  is  not 
altogether  anomalous.  Similar  and  equal  deficiencies  are  found  in 
every  system  of  municipal  law,  especially  in  the  system  which  exists 
in  the  greater  portions  of  Great  Britain  and  the  United  States.  The 


THE  TRENT   AFFAIR.  303 

title  to  personal  property  can  hardly  ever  be  resolved  by  a  court 
without  resorting  to  the  fiction  that  the  claimant  has  lost  and  the 
possessor  has  found  it,  and  the  title  to  real  estate  is  disputed  by  real 
litigants  under  the  names  of  imaginary  persons.  It  must  be  con- 
fessed, however,  that  while  all  aggrieved  nations  demand,  and  all 
impartial  ones  concede,  the  need  of  some  form  of  judicial  process  in 
determining  the  characters  of  contraband  persons,  no  other  form  than 
the  illogical  and  circuitous  one  thus  described  exists,  nor  has  any 
other  yet  been  suggested.  Practically,  therefore,  the  choice  is  be- 
tween that  judicial  remedy  or  no  judicial  remedy  whatever. 

If  there  be  no  judicial  remedy,  the  result  is  that  the  question 
must  be  determined  by  the  captor  himself,  on  the  deck  of  the  prize 
vessel.  Very  grave  objections  arise  against  such  a  course.  The 
captor  is  armed,  the  neutral  is  unarmed.  The  captor  is  interested, 
prejudiced,  and  perhaps  violent;  the  neutral,  if  truly  neutral,  is  disin- 
terested, subdued,  and  helpless.  The  tribunal  is  irresponsible,  while 
its  judgment  is  carried  into  instant  execution.  The  captured  party 
is  compelled  to  submit,  though  bound  by  no  legal,  moral,  or  treaty 
obligation  to  acquiesce.  Reparation  is  distant  and  problematical, 
and  depends  at  last  on  the  justice,  magnanimity,  or  weakness  of  the 
state  in  whose  behalf  and  by  whose  authority  the  capture  was  made. 
Out  of  these  disputes  reprisals  and  wars  necessarily  arise,  and  these 
are  so  frequent  and  destructive  that  it  may  well  be  doubted  whether 
this  form  of  remedy  is  not  a  greater  social  evil  than  all  that  could 
follow  if  the  belligerent  right  of  search  were  universally  renounced 
and  abolished  forever.  But  carry  the  case  one  step  farther.  What 
if  the  state  that  has  made  the  capture  unreasonably  refuse  to  hear 
the  complaint  of  the  neutral  or  to  redress  it  ?  In  that  case,  the  very 
act  of  capture  would  be  an  act  of  war  —  of  war  begun  without 
notice,  and  possibly  entirely  without  provocation. 

I  think  all  unprejudiced  minds  will  agree  that,  imperfect  as  the 
existing  judicial  remedy  may  be  supposed  to  be,  it  would  be,  as  a 
general  practice,  better  to  follow  it  than  to  adopt  the  summary  one 
of  leaving  the  decision  with  the  captor,  and  relying  upon  diplomatic 
debates  to  review  his  decision.  Practically,  it  is  a  question  of  choice 
between  law,  with  its  imperfections  and  delays,  and  war,  with  its 
evils  and  desolations.  Nor  is  it  ever  to  be  forgotten  that  neutrality, 
honestly  and  justly  preserved,  is  always  the  harbinger  of  peace,  and 
therefore  is  the  common  interest  of  nations,  which  is  only  saying 
that  it  is  the  interest  of  humanity  itself. 


304  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

At  the  same  time  it  is  not  to  be  denied  that  it  may  sometimes 
happen  that  the  judicial  remedy  will  become  impossible,  as  by  the 
shipwreck  of  the  prize  vessel,  or  other  circumstances  which  excuse 
the  captor  from  sending  or  taking  her  into  port  for  confiscation.  In 
such  a  case  the  right  of  the  captor  to  the  custody  of  the  captured 
persons,  and  to  dispose  of  them,  if  they  are  really  contraband,  so 
as  to  defeat  their  unlawful  purposes,  cannot  reasonably  be  denied. 
What  rule  shall  be  applied  in  such  a  case?  Clearly,  the  captor 
ought  to  be  required  to  show  that  the  failure  of  the  judicial  remedy 
results  from  circumstances  beyond  his  control,  and  without  his 
fault.  Otherwise,  he  would  be  allowed  to  derive  advantage  from  a 
wrongful  act  of  his  own. 

In  the  present  case,  Captain  Wilkes,  after  capturing  the  contra- 
band persons  and  making  prize  of  the  Trent  in  what  seems  to  be  a 
perfectly  lawful  manner,  instead  of  sending  her  into  port,  released 
her  from  the  capture,  and  permitted  her  to  proceed  with  her  whole 
cargo  upon  her  voyage.  He  thus  effectually  prevented  the  judicial 
examination  which  might  otherwise  have  occurred. 

If,  now,  the  capture  of  the  contraband  persons  and  the  capture  of 
the  contraband  vessel  are  to  be  regarded,  not  as  two  separate  or 
distinct  transactions  under  the  law  of  nations,  but  as  one  transac- 
tion, one  capture  only,  then  it  follows  that  the  capture  in  this  case 
was  left  unfinished,  or  was  abandoned.  Whether  the  United  States 
have  a  right  to  retain  the  chief  public  benefits  of  it,  namely,  the 
custody  of  the  captured  persons  on  proving  them  to  be  contraband, 
will  depend  upon  the  preliminary  question  whether  the  leaving  of 
the  transaction  unfinished  was  necessary,  or  whether  it  was  unneces- 
sary, and  therefore  voluntary.  If  it  was  necessary,  Great  Britain, 
as  we  suppose,  must,  of  course,  waive  the  defect,  and  the  consequent 
failure  of  the  judicial  remedy.  On  the  other  hand  it  is  not  seen 
how  the  United  States  can  insist  upon  her  waiver  of  that  judicial 
remedy,  if  the  defect  of  the  capture  resulted  from  an  act  of  Captain 
Wilkes,  which  would  be  a  fault  on  their  own  side. 

Captain  Wilkes  has  presented  to  this  government  his  reasons  for 
releasing  the  Trent.  "I  forbore  to  seize  her,"  he  says,  "in  conse- 
quence of  my  being  so  reduced  in  officers  and  crew,  and  the  derange- 
ment it  would  cause  innocent  persons,  there  being  a  large  number  of 
passengers  who  would  have  been  put  to  great  loss  and  inconvenience, 
as    well   as  disappointment,  from  the  interruption  it  would  have 


THE  TRENT  AFFAIR.  305 

caused  them  in  not  being  able  to  join  the  steamer  from  St.  Thomas 
to  Europe.  I  therefore  concluded  to  sacrifice  the  interest  of  my 
officers  and  crew  in  the  prize,  and  suffered  her  to  proceed  after  the 
detention  necessary  to  effect  the  transfer  of  those  commissioners, 
considering  I  had  obtained  the  important  end  I  had  in  view,  and 
which  affected  the  interest  of  our  country  and  interrupted  the  action 
of  that  of  the  Confederates." 

I  shall  consider,  first,  how  these  reasons  ought  to  affect  the  action 
of  this  government ;  and  secondly,  how  they  ought  to  be  expected  to 
affect  the  action  of  Great  Britain. 

The  reasons  are  satisfactory  to  this  government,  so  far  as  Captain 
Wilkes  is  concerned.  It  could  not  desire  that  the  San  Jacinto,  her 
officers  and  crew,  should  be  exposed  to  danger  and  loss  by  weakening 
their  number  to  detach  a  prize  crew  to  go  on  board  the  Trent. 
Still  less  could  it  disavow  the  humane  motive  of  preventing  incon- 
veniences, losses,  and  perhaps  disasters,  to  the  several  hundred  inno- 
cent passengers  found  on  board  the  prize  vessel.  Nor  could  this 
government  perceive  any  ground  for  questioning  the  fact  that  these 
reasons,  though  apparently  incongruous,  did  operate  in  the  mind  of 
Captain  Wilkes  and  determine  him  to  release  the  Trent.  Human 
actions  generally  proceed  upon  mingled,  and  sometimes  conflicting 
motives.  He  measured  the  sacrifices  which  this  decision  would  cost. 
It  manifestly,  however,  did  not  occur  to  him  that  beyond  the  sacri- 
fice of  the  private  interests  (as  he  calls  them)  of  his  officers  and 
crew,  there  might  also  possibly  be  a  sacrifice  even  of  the  chief  and 
public  object  of  his  capture,  namely,  the  right  of  his  government  to 
the  custody  and  disposition  of  the  captured  persons.  This  govern- 
ment cannot  censure  him  for  this  oversight.  It  confesses  that  the 
whole  subject  came  unforeseen  upon  the  government,  as  doubtless  it 
did  upon  him.  Its  present  convictions  on  the  point  in  question  are 
the  result  of  deliberate  examination  and  deduction  now  made,  and 
not  of  any  impressions  previously  formed. 

Nevertheless,  the  question  now  is,  not  whether  Captain  Wilkes  is 
justified  to  his  government  in  what  he  did,  but  what  is  the  present 
view  of  the  government  as  to  the  effect  of  what  he  has  done.  As- 
suming now,  for  argument's  sake  only,  that  the  release  of  the  Trent, 
if  voluntary,  involved  a  waiver  of  the  claim  of  the  government  to 
hold  the  captured  persons,  the  United  States  could  in  that  case  have 
no  hesitation  in  saying  that  the  act  which  has  thus  already  been  ap- 
20 


306  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

proved  by  the  government  must  be  allowed  to  draw  its  legal  conse- 
quence after  it.  It  is  of  the  very  nature  of  a  gift  or  a  charity  that 
the  giver  cannot,  after  the  exercise  of  his  benevolence  is  past,  recall 
or  modify  its  benefits. 

We  are  thus  brought  directly  to  the  question  whether  we  are 
entitled  to  regard  the  release  of  the  Trent  as  involuntary,  or  whether 
we  are  obliged  to  consider  that  it  was  voluntary.  Clearly  the 
release  would  have  been  involuntary  had  it  been  made  solely  upon 
the  first  ground  assigned  for  it  by  Captain  Wilkes,  namely,  a  want 
of  a  sufficient  force  to  send  the  prize  vessel  into  port  for  adjudica- 
tion. It  is  not  the  duty  of  a  captor  to  hazard  his  own  vessel  in  order 
to  secure  a  judicial  examination  to  the  captured  party.  No  large 
prize  crew,  however,  is  legally  necessary,  for  it  is  the  duty  of  the 
captured  party  to  acquiesce,  and  go  willingly  before  the  tribunal  to 
whose  jurisdiction  it  appeals.  If  the  captured  party  indicate  pur- 
poses to  employ  means  of  resistance  which  the  captor  cannot  with 
probable  safety  to  himself  overcome,  he  may  properly  leave  the  ves- 
sel to  go  forward  ;  and  neither  she  nor  the  state  she  represents  can 
ever  afterwards  justly  object  that  the  captor  deprived  her  of  the 
judicial  remedy  to  which  she  was  entitled. 

But  the  second  reason  assigned  by  Captain  Wilkes  for  releasing 
the  Trent  differs  from  the  first.  At  best,  therefore,  it  must  be  held 
that  Captain  Wilkes,  as  he  explains  himself,  acted  from  combined 
sentiments  of  prudence  and  generosity,  and  so  that  the  release  of  the 
prize  vessel  was  not  strictly  necessary  or  involuntary. 

Secondly.  How  ought  we  to  expect  these  explanations  by  Captain 
Wilkes  of  his  reasons  for  leaving  the  capture  incomplete  to  affect 
the  action  of  the  British  government? 

The  observation  upon  this  point  which  first  occurs  is,  that  Captain 
Wilkes's  explanations  were  not  made  to  the  authorities  of  the  cap- 
tured vessel.  If  made  known  to  them,  they  might  have  approved 
and  taken  the  release  upon  the  condition  of  waiving  a  judicial  inves- 
tigation of  the  whole  transaction,  or  they  might  have  refused  to  ac- 
cept the  release  upon  that  condition. 

But  the  case  is  one  not  with  them,  but  with  the  British  government. 
If  we  claim  that  Great  Britain  ought  not  to  insist  that  a  judicial 
trial  has  been  lost  because  we  voluntarily  released  the  offending  ves- 
sel out  of  consideration  for  her  innocent  passengers,  I  do  not  see  how 
she  is  to  be  bound  to  acquiesce  in  the  decision  which  was  thus  made 


THE   TRENT   AFFAIR.*  307 

by  us  without  necessity  on  our  part,  and  without  knowledge  of  con- 
ditions or  consent  on  her  own.  The  question  between  Great  Britain 
and  ourselves  thus  stated  would  be  a  question  not  of  right  and  of 
law,  but  of  favor  to  be  conceded  by  her  to  us  in  return  for  favors 
shown  by  us  to  her,  of  the  value  of  which  favors  on  both  sides  we 
ourselves  shall  be  the  judge.  Of  course  the  United  States  could 
have  no  thought  of  raising  such  a  question  in  any  case. 

I  trust  that  I  have  shown  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  British  gov- 
ernment, by  a  very  simple  and  natural  statement  of  the  facts,  and 
analysis  of  the  law  applicable  to  them,  that  this  government  has 
neither  meditated,  nor  practised,  nor  approved  any  deliberate  wrong 
in  the  transaction  to  which  they  have  called  its  attention  ;  and,  on 
the  contrary,  that  what  has  happened  has  been  simply  an  inadvert- 
ency, consisting  in  a  departure,  by  the  naval  officer,  free  from  any 
wrongful  motive,  from  a  rule  uncertainly  established,  and  probably 
by  the  several  parties  concerned  either  imperfectly  understood  or 
entirely  unknown.  For  this  error  the  British  government  has  a 
right  to  expect  the  same  reparation  that  we,  as  an  independent  state, 
should  expect  from  Great  Britain  or  from  any  other  friendly  nation 
in  a  similar  case. 

I  have  not  been  unaware  that,  in  examining  this  question,  I  have 
fallen  into  an  argument  for  what  seems  to  be  the  British  side  of  it 
against  my  own  country.  But  I  am  relieved  from  all  embarrassment 
on  that  subject.  I  had  hardly  fallen  into  that  line  of  argument 
when  I  discovered  that  I  was  really  defending  and  maintaining,  not 
an  exclusively  British  interest,  but  an  old,  honored,  and  cherished 
American  cause,  not  upon  British  authorities,  but  upon  principles 
that  constitute  a  large  portion  of  the  distinctive  policy  by  which  the 
United  States  have  developed  the  resources  of  a  continent,  and,  thus 
becoming  a  considerable  maritime  power,  have  won  the  respect  and 
confidence  of  many  nations.  These  principles  were  laid  down  for  us 
in  1804,  by  James  Madison,  when  secretary  of  state  in  the  admin- 
istration of  Thomas  Jefferson,  in  instructions  given  to  James  Mon- 
roe, our  minister  to  England.  Although  the  case  before  him 
concerned  a  description  of  persons  different  from  those  who  are 
incidentally  the"  subjects  of  the  present  discussion,  the  ground  he 
assumed  then  was  the  same  I  now  occupy,  and  the  arguments  by 
which  he  sustained  himself  upon  it,  have  been  an  inspiration  to  me 
in  preparing  this  reply. 


308  SELECTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

"  Whenever,"  he  says,  "  property  found  in  a  neutral  vessel  is  sup- 
posed to  be  liable  on  any  ground  to  capture  and  condemnation,  the 
rule  in  all  cases  is,  that  the  question  shall  not  be  decided  by  the 
captor,  but  be  carried  before  a  legal  tribunal,  where  a  regular  trial 
may  be  had,  and  where  the  captor  himself  is  liable  to  damages  for 
an  abuse  of  his  power.  Can  it  be  reasonable,  then,  or  just,  that  a 
belligerent  commander  who  is  thus  restricted  and  thus  responsible 
in  a  case  of  mere  property  of  trivial  amount,  should  be  permitted, 
without  recurring  to  any  tribunal  whatever,  to  examine  the  crew  of 
a  neutral  vessel  to  decide  the  important  question  of  their  respective 
allegiances,  and  to  carry  that  decision  into  execution  by  forcing  every 
individual  he  may  choose  into  a  service  abhorrent  to  his  feelings, 
cutting  him  off  from  his  most  tender  connections;  exposing  his  mind 
and  his  person  to  the  most  humiliating  discipline,  and  his  life  itself 
to  the  greatest  danger.  Reason,  justice,  and  humanity  unite  in  pro- 
testing against  so  extravagant  a  proceeding." 

If  I  decide  this  case  in  favor  of  my  own  government,  I  must  dis- 
avow its  most  cherished  principles,  and  reverse  and  forever  abandon 
its  essential  policy.  The  country  cannot  afford  the  sacrifice.  If  I 
maintain  those  principles,  and  adhere  to  that  policy,  I  must  surren- 
der the  case  itself.  It  will  be  seen,  therefore,  that  this  government 
could  not  deny  the  justice  of  the  claim  presented  to  us  in  this 
respect  upon  its  merits.  We  are  asked  to  do  to  the  British  nation 
just  what  we  have  always  insisted  all  nations  ought  to  do  to  us. 

The  claim  of  the  British  government  is  not  made  in  a  discour- 
teous manner.  This  government,  since  its  first  organization,  has 
never  used  more  guarded  language  in  a  similar  case. 

In  coming  to  my  conclusion  I  have  not  forgotten  that,  if  the  safety 
of  this  Union  required  the  detention  of  the  captured  persons,  it 
would  be  the  right  and  duty  of  this  government  to  detain  them. 
But  the  effectual  check  and  waning  proportions  of  the  existing  in- 
surrection, as  well  as  the  comparative  unimportance  of  the  captured 
persons  themselves,  when  dispassionately  weighed,  happily  forbid 
me  from  resorting  to  this  defence. 

Nor  am  I  unaware  that  American  citizens  are  not  in  any  case 
to  be  unnecessarily  surrendered  for  any  purpose  into  the  keeping 
of  a  foreign  state.  Only  the  captured  persons,  however,  or  others 
who  are  interested  in  them,  could  justly  raise  a  question  on  that 
ground. 


THE   TRENT   AFFAIR.  309 

Nor  have  I  been  tempted  at  all  by  suggestions  that  cases  might  be 
found  in  history  where  Great  Britian  refused  to  yield  to  other  na- 
tions, and  even  to  ourselves,  claims  like  that  which  is  now  before 
us.  Those  cases  occurred  when  Great  Britain,  as  well  as  the  United 
States,  was  the  home  of  generations,  which,  with  all  their  peculiar 
interests  and  passions,  have  passed  away.  She  could  in  no  other 
way  so  effectually  disavow  any  such  injury  as  we  think  she  does  by 
assuming  now  as  her  own  the  ground  upon  which  we  then  stood. 
It  would  tell  little  for  our  own  claims  to  the  character  of  a  just 
and  magnanimous  people  if  we  should  so  far  consent  to  be  guided 
by  the  law  of  retaliation  as  to  lift  up  buried  injuries  from  their 
graves  to  oppose  against  what  national  consistency  and  the  national 
conscience  compel  us  to  regard  as  a  claim  intrinsically  right. 

Putting  behind  me  all  suggestions  of:  this  kind,  I  prefer  to  express 
my  satisfaction  that,  by  the  adjustment  of  the  present  case  upon 
principles  confessedly  American,  and  yet,  as  I  trust,  mutually  satis- 
factory to  both  of  the  nations  concerned,  a  question  is  finally  and 
rightly  settled  between  them,  which,  heretofore  exhausting  not 
only  all  forms  of  peaceful  discussion,  but  also  the  arbitrament  of 
war  itself,  for  more  than  half  a  century  alienated  the  two  countries 
from  each  other,  and  perplexed  with  fears  and  apprehensions  all 
other  nations. 

The  four  persons  in  question  are  now  held  in  military  custody  at 
Fort  Warren,  in  the  State  of  Massachusetts.  They  will  be  cheer- 
fully liberated.  Your  lordship  will  please  indicate  a  time  and 
place  for  receiving  them. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Mercier. 

December  26,  1861.  —  I  have  submitted  to  the  President  the  copy 
you  were  so  good  as  to  give  me  of  the  despatch  addressed  to  you  on 
the  3d  of  December  instant,  concerning  the  recent  proceedings  of 
Captain  Wilkes,  in  arresting  certain  persons  on  board  of  the  British 
con  tract  mail  steamer  Trent. 

Before  receiving  the  paper,  however,  the  President  had  decided 
upon  the  disposition  to  be  made  of  the  subject  which  has  caused  so 
much  anxiety  in  Europe.  That  disposition  of  the  subject,  as  I 
think,  renders  unnecessary  any  discussion  of  it,  in  reply  to  the  com- 
ments of  Mr.  Thouvenel.  I  am  permitted,  however,  to  say  that 
Mr.  Thouvenel  has  not  been  in  error  in  supposing,  first,  that  the 


310  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

government  of  the  United  States  has  not  acted  in  any  spirit  of  dis- 
regard of  the  rights,  or  of  the  sensibilities,  of  the  British  nation, 
and  that  he  is  equally  just  in  assuming  that  the  United  States 
would  consistently  vindicate,  by  their  practice  on  this  occasion, 
the  character  they  have  so  long  maintained  as  an  advocate  of  the 
most  liberal  principles  concerning  the  rights  of  neutral  states  in 
maritime  war. 

When  the  French  government  shall  come  to  see  at  large  the 
views  of  this  government,  and  those  of  the  government  of  Great 
Britain,  on  the  subject  now  in  question,  and  to  compare  them  with 
the  views  expressed  by  Mr.  Thouvenel  on  the  part  of  France,  it  will 
probably  perceive  that,  while  it  must  be  admitted  that  those  three 
powers  are  equally  impressed  with  the  same  desire  for  the  establish- 
ment of  principles  favorable  to  neutral  rights,  there  is,  at  the  same 
time,  not  such  an  entire  agreement  concerning  the  application  of 
those  principles  as  is  desirable  to  secure  that  important  object. 

The  government  of  the  United  States  will  be  happy  if  the  occa- 
sion which  has  elicited  this  correspondence  can  be  improved  so  as 
to  secure  a  more  definite  agreement  upon  the  whole  subject  by  all 
maritime  powers. 

You  will  assure  Mr.  Thouvenel  that  this  government  appreci- 
ates as  well  the  frankness  of  his  explanations,  as  the  spirit  of  friend- 
ship and  good  will  towards  the  United  States  in  which  they  are 
expressed. 

It  is  a  sincere  pleasure  for  the  United  States  to  exchange  assur- 
ances of  a  friendship  which  had  its  origin  in  associations  the  most 
sacred  in  the  history  of  both  countries. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Chevalier  Hulseman. 

January  9,  1862. —I  have  submitted  to  the  President  the  note 
which  you  left  with  me,  which  was  addressed  to  you  on  the  18th 
of  December  last  by  Count  Hechburg,  touching  the  affair  of  the 
capture  and  detention  of  the  British  contract  steamer  Trent,  by 
Captain  Wilkes  of  the  San  Jacinto. 

I  send  you  a  copy  of  the  correspondence  which  has  passed  on  that 
exciting  subject,  between  this  government  and  the  governments  of 
Great  Britain  and  France,  and  I  have  to  request  that  you  will  trans- 
mit these  papers  to  Count  Rechburg. 

The  imperial  government  will  learn  from  them  important 
facts,  viz :  — 


IMPATIENCE   DEPRECATED.  311 

First.  That  the  United  States  are  not  only  incapable,  for  a  mo- 
ment, of  seeking  to  disturb  the  peace  of  the  world,  but  are  deliber- 
ately just  and  friendly  in  their  intercourse  with  all  foreign  nations. 

Secondly.  That  they  will  not  be  unfaithful  to  their  traditions 
and  policy,  as  an  advocate  of  the  broadest  liberality  in  the  appli- 
cation of  the  principle  of  international  law  to  the  conduct  of  mari- 
time warfare. 

The  United  States,  faithful  to  their  sentiments,  and  while,  at  the 
same  time,  careful  of  their  political  constitution,  will  sincerely 
rejoice  if  the  occasion  which  has  given  rise  to  this  correspondence 
shall  be  improved  so  as  to  obtain  a  revision  of  the  law  of  nations, 
which  will  render  more  definite  and  certain  the  rights  and  obliga- 
tions of  states  in  time  of  war. 

I  shall  esteem  it  a  favor,  Sir,  if  you  will  charge  yourself  with  the 
care  of  expressing  these  sentiments  to  yonv  government,  and  will  at 
the  same  time  assure  Count  Rechburg  that  the  President  appreci- 
ates very  highly  the  frankness  and  cordiality  which  the  government 
of  Austria  has  practised  on  an  occasion  of  such  great  interest  to  the 
welfare  of  the  United  States. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Motley. 

February  17,  1862.  —  I  am  very  glad  to  learn  that  our  disposi- 
tion of  the  Trent  affair  is  regarded  with  so  much  favdr  by  the 
Austrian  government  and  in  the  diplomatic  circle  at  Vienna. 

We  have  not  been  insensible  to  the  impatience  which  you 
describe  as  existing  in  Europe  for  a  speedy  termination  of  our  un- 
happy civil  war,  and  to  the  possible  danger  of  foreign  intervention 
if  it  should  be  unreasonably  protracted. 

It  has  seemed  very  obvious  to  me  that  this  foreign  impatience 
is  most  unreasoning  and  most  unjust.  Yet  I  have  felt  no  disposi- 
sition  to  complain  of  it.  It  was  only  a  reflex  of  the  same  popular 
impatience  exhibited  in  our  own  country.  In  Europe  it  is  naturally 
enough  aggravated  by  the  absence  of  those  weighty  political  inter- 
ests which  at  home  have  so  unavailingly  counselled  prudence  and 
patience  in  a  conflict  in  which  not  merely  partial  or  temporary  in- 
terests are  involved,  but  in  which  the  national  integrity  and  even 
the  national  existence  are  at  stake. 

Military  and  naval  successes,  however,  are  in  good  time  reward- 
ing the  careful  and  elaborate  measures  of  the  government.    Popular 


312  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

apprehension  and  distrust  have  already  vanished  before  these  tri- 
umphs so  signally  indicative  of  the  complete  restoration  of  the 
national  authority,  and  we  may  therefore  justly  expect  similar 
results  in  Europe.  The  toleration  that  could  not  be  allowed  there 
to  a  republic  that  seemed  unfortunate,  will  perhaps  not  be  denied 
when  it  is  seen  that  it  can,  when  it  becomes  necessary,  defend  itself 
with  powers  surpassing  those  of  a  limited  monarchy  or  despotism. 
Under  no  other  form  of  constitution  could  any  nation  have  en- 
countered with  so  much  resolution  and  vigor  a  revolution  so  for- 
midably instituted  for  the  extension  of  human  slavery.  Perhaps 
just  now,  in  the  light  of  our  more  cheering  prospects,  this  extraordi- 
nary feature  of  our  cause  may  again  be  recognized  in  Europe. 

In  regard  to  the  condition  of  our  affairs  in  Europe,  it  may,  per- 
haps, upon  the  whole,  be  considered  fortunate  that  the  Trent  aiTair 
occurred,  even  with  all  its  exasperations.  Passion  is  as  natural  a 
condition  for  nations  as  for  individuals.  Secession  is  a  popular  ex- 
citement, disturbance,  passion.  It  must  needs  have  occurred  here, 
for  this  country  had  submitted  itself  to  the  counsels  of  prudence 
and  reason,  in  regard  to  disputed  points  of  administration,  as  long 
as  even  so  very  practical  a  country  as  this  is  could  submit.  Human 
nature,  it  is  now  seen,  could  be  content  no  longer.  It  was  needful 
that  the  new  popular  passion  should  culminate  before  it  could  be 
expected  to  subside,  and  to  do  this  it  must  have  time.  As  no  one 
could  tell  how  high  the  passion  must  rise,  so  no  one  could  tell  how 
long  it  would  require  for  culminating.  The  culmination  would  be 
the  point  of  danger,  the  crisis.  All  other  nations  being  in  some 
sort  related  to  us,  must  be  affected  by  the  passion  which  disturbed 
us.  The  more  intimately  related,  the  more  profoundly  they  must 
be  disturbed.  Great  Britain  and  France,  most  intimately  related, 
must,  be  the  two  states  most  vehemently  excited.  Excitement 
would  rise  later  in  those  countries  than  here,  and  would  subside 
more  rapidly.  The  culmination  at  home  or  abroad  could  be  has- 
tened or  delayed  by  accidents.  The  Trent  affair  was  such  an  acci- 
dent. It  has  served  to  bring  on  the  crisis.  The  crisis  has  been 
reached  and  passed  at  home,  and,  of  course,  abroad.  Reason  is 
beginning  to  regain  its  control  here,  and  with  it  the  government  is 
beginning  to  recover  its  authority.  We  are  having,  and  we  shall 
continue  to  have,  successes  at  home,  and  so  we  may  reckon  on  peace 
abroad. 


SLAVERY   DISAPPEARING.  313 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

February  17,  1862.  —  It  is  represented  to  us  that  equally  in  Great 
Britain  and  in  France  the  cause  of  the  Union  is  prejudiced  by  the 
assumption  that  the  government  which  maintains  it  is  favorable  or 
at  least  not  unfavorable  to  the  perpetuation  of  slavery.  This  inci- 
dent is  one  of  the  most  curious  and  instructive  ones  which  has 
occurred  in  the  course  of  this  controversy. 

The  administration  was  elected  and  came  into  its  trust  upon  the 
ground  of  its  declared  opposition  to  the  extension  of  slavery.  The 
party  of  slavery,  for  this  reason,  arrayed  itself  against,  not  only  the 
administration,  but  the  Union  itself,  and  inaugurated  a  civil  war  for 
the  overthrow  of  the  Union  and  the  establishment  of  an  exclusive 
slaveholding  confederacy. 

Without  surrendering  the  political  principle,  we  meet  them  in  the 
battlefield  and  in  defence  of  the  Union.  The  contest  for  life  absorbs 
all  the  interest  that  had  existed,  growing  out  of  the  previous  conflict 
of  ideas.  But  what  must  be  the  effect?  If  the  Confederacy  pre- 
vails, slavery  will  have  a  constitutional,  legitimate,  and  acknowl- 
edged state,  devoted  to  itself  as  the  paramount  object  of  the  national 
existence.  If  the  Union  prevails,  the  government  will  be  adminis- 
tered by  a  majority  hostile  to  the  fortification  and  perpetuation  of 
slavery.  Slavery  in  the  slaveholding  states  will  there  be  left  in 
the  care  of  the  people  of  those  states  just  as  it  was  left  at  the  organ- 
ization of  the  government  in  all  of  the  states  except  Massachusetts. 
It  might  admit  of  doubt  whether  it  would  not  have  been  able  to  re- 
cover its  former  strength  had  the  slaveholding  states  acquiesced  in 
the  election  and  avoided  civil  war.  But  what  ground  is  there  to 
fear  such  a  renewal  of  strength  after  having  been  defeated  in  arms 
against  the  Union  ? 

What  is  the  operation  of  the  war?  We  have  entered  Virginia, 
and  already  five  thousand  slaves,  emancipated  simply  by  the  ap- 
pearance of  our  forces,  are  upon  the  hands  of  the  Federal  govern- 
ment there.  We  have  landed  on  the  coast  of  South  Carolina,  and 
already  nine  thousand  similarly  emancipated  slaves  hang  upon  our 
camps. 

Although  the  war  has  not  been  waged  against  slavery,  yet  the 
army  acts  immediately  as  an  emancipating  crusade.  To  proclaim 
the  crusade  is  unnecessary,  and  it  would  even  be  inexpedient,  be- 


314  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

cause  it  would  deprive  us  of  the  needful  and  legitimate  support  of 
the  friends  of  the  Union  who  are  not  opposed  to  slavery,  but  who 
prefer  Union  without  slavery  to  disunion  with  slavery. 

Does  France  or  does  Great  Britain  want  to  see  a  social  revolution 
here,  with  all  its  horrors,  like  the  slave  revolution  in  San  Domingo  ? 
Are  these  powers  sure  that  the  country  or  the  world  is  ripe  for 
such  a  revolution,  so  that  it  must  certainly  be  successful  ?  What, 
if  inaugurating  such  a  revolution,  slavery,  protesting  against  its 
ferocity  and  inhumanity,  should  prove  the  victor? 

Who  says  this  administration  is  false  to  human  freedom  ?  Does 
it  not  acknowledge  the  citizenship  as  well  as  the  manhood  of  men 
without  respect  to  color  ? 

Has  it  not  made  effective  arrangements  with  Great  Britain  to 
suppress  the  slave  trade  on  the  coast  of  Africa?  Has  it  not  brought 
into  life  the  Federal  laws  against  the  African  slave  trade,  and  is  it 
not  executing  their  severest  penalties  ?  Besides,  is  it  not  an  object 
worthy  of  practical  men  to  confine  slavery  within  existing  bounds, 
instead  of  suffering  it  to  be  spread  over  the  whole  unoccupied  por- 
tion of  this  vast  continent  ? 

Is  it  not  favoring  emancipation  in  the  Federal  district,  to  be 
accomplished  at  the  government  cost,  and  without  individual  injus- 
tice or  oppression  ? 

Does  it  not  receive  all  who  come  into  the  Federal  camps  to  offer 
their  services  to  the  Union,  and  hold  and  protect  them  against  dis- 
loyal claimants?  Does  it  not  favor  the  recognition  of  Hayti  and 
Liberia  ? 

The  tale  that  Mr.  Cameron  was  required  to  give  up  his  place 
because  of  his  decided  opposition  to  slavery  is  without  foundation ; 
that  distinguished  gentleman  resigned  his  place  only  because  he 
could  be  useful  in  a  diplomatic  situation,  while  the  gentleman  ap- 
pointed his  successor,  it  was  expected,  would  be  more  efficient  in 
administration.  His  successor  has  no  more  sympatic  with  slavery 
than  Mr.  Cameron.  These  facts  and  thoughts  are  communicated  to 
you  confidentially  for  such  use  in  detail  as  may  be  practicable,  but 
not  to  be  formally  presented  in  the  usual  way  to  the  government  to 
which  you  are  accredited. 


DESPONDENCY  DEPRECATED.  315 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Wood. 

February  24,  1862.  —  Your  despatch  has 'just  been  received. 

The  sadness  and  despondency  with  which  you,  on  that  so  recent 
day,  surveyed  our  condition  and  traced  its  supposed  hopelessness  to 
assumed  errors  of  the  administration  in  directing  the  conduct  of  the 
conflict,  come  up  now  in  strange  contrast  with  the  observances 
which  the  government  and  the  whole  people  are  making  in  honor  of 
the  memory  of  the  Father  of  our  country,  endeared  to  us  now  more 
than  ever  by  the  indications  that  that  country  is,  through  the 
policy  which  is  thus  questioned,  emerging  safely  from  its  sea  of 
troubles,  foreign  as  well  as  domestic,  with  reassurances  of  an  im- 
mortal existence. 

Will  you  avail  yourself  of  this  auspicious  change  to  represent  to 
the  government  of  Denmark,  in  a  courteous  manner,  that  we  look 
to  its  liberal  administration  with  much  confidence  for  an  early  revi- 
sion of  the  decrees  which  so  unwisely  recognized  our  now  failing 
insurgents  as  a  formidable  belligerent  power,  and  thus  produced 
embarrassments  of  commerce  injurious  to  both  countries,  and  espe- 
cially prejudicial  to  the  United  States,  the  first  and  fastest  friend 
of  commercial  freedom  in  the  world. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.   Wood. 

April  8,  1862.  —  I  have  noticed,  with  much  interest,  the  recent 
debates  on  the  general  subject  in  the  British  Parliament,  and  I 
regret  that  Mr.  Cobden's  ill  health  prevented  the  world  from  re- 
ceiving the  great  argument  which  was  expected  from  him. 

All  things  cannot  be  done  at  once.  We  have  occupation  enough 
arising  out  of  our  civil  war.  Let  us  recover  our  unity  and  with  it 
our  prestige,  and  then  we  shall  be  able  to  reappear  as  reformers 
among  the  nations. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Wood. 

April  22,  1862.  —  You  will  learn  with  pleasure  the  unbroken 
series  of  successes  with  which  the  national  arms  have  recently  been 
favored,  and  will  no  doubt  find  that  those  successes  produce  some 
modification  of  public  opinion  in  Europe  concerning  the  probable 
end  of  the  attempt  of  factious  leaders  to  divide  the  nation  and  sub- 
vert the  Federal  Union. 


316  SELECTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

One  main  element  of  the  insurrection  has  been  the  want  of  faith, 
on  the  part  of  loyal  citizens,  in  the  zeal,  energy,  and  wisdom  of  the 
government,  and  its  sincere  determination  to  suppress  it.  While 
all  have  professed  faith  in  God,  not  many  have  always  exercised 
that  measure  of  faith  in  man  which  God  requires  in  every  case  as  a 
condition  of  the  divine  blessing  upon  human  efforts.  Many  per- 
sons, because  they  were  not  always  kept  informed  of  the  policy  of 
the  administration,  have  seemed  to  think  that  it  had  no  policy  and 
was  pursuing  no  measures.  So  fast  as  policy  and  measures  were 
disclosed,  disputes,  of  course,  arose  about  their  wisdom  and  proba- 
ble efficiency.  Despondency,  resulting  from  these  doubts  and  dis- 
putes, has  tended  to  demoralize  the  nation  and  to  encourage  its 
enemies.  While  we  knew  that  exertions  were  being  made  here 
which  surpassed  anything  ever  seen  in  history,  and  upon  which  we 
were  confidently  resting  our  hopes  for  a  speedy  and  safe  conclusion 
of  the  campaign,  it  was  not  thought  to  be  wise  to  place  on  record 
with  apparent  acquiescence  apprehensions  expressed  by  our  repre- 
sentatives abroad  which  implied  convictions  of  failure  in  duty  on 
the  part  of  the  government,  and  even  a  want  of  courage  and  hero- 
ism on  the  part  of  the  soldiers  of  the  Union. 

Now,  when  the  crisis  has  probably  passed,  it  is  proper  for  me 
to  state  that  there  has  been  no  moment  when  the  administration 
has  despaired  of  the  Republic,  or  could,  without  regret,  see  despon- 
dency concerning  it  indulged  by  those  who  were  representing  it 
abroad.1 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Sanford. 

May  10,  1862.  —  Happily  we  have  passed  the  point  of  danger. 
The  revolution  seems  collapsing,  and  the  United  States,  in  posses- 
sion once  more  of  their  important  ports,  will,  under  needful  and 
prudential  limitations,  open  them  to  foreign  trade,  because  they  can 
afford  to  exercise  liberality  and  humanity.  I  might  therefore  per- 
haps dismiss  the  subject  you  have  presented  in  your  communica- 
tions, but  that  would  not  be  wise.  We  do  not  know  and  cannot 
foresee  what  may  yet  happen.  I  think  it  proper,  therefore,  that 
you  improve  the  present  auspicious  change  of  our  situation,  and  the 
friendly  feelings  which  it  will  call  forth  in  Europe,  to  impress  upon 
the  statesmen  with  whom  you  may  come  in  contact  the  truth  I 
have  not  failed  to  inculcate  in  every  case  and  under  every  aspect  of 

i  See  John  Adams,  p.  4,  ante. 


DISUNION   IMPOSSIBLE.  317 

affairs  —  that  the  commerce  of  this  country  is  to  be  enjoyed 
through  the  administration  of  this  government  over  the  whole  of  it, 
and  not  through  any  breach  of  the  Constitution,  or  any  division  of 
the  country,  east  or  west,  north  or  south.  The  country  cannot  be 
diverted  from  this  course  by  any  foreign  persuasions,  intimidation, 
or  constraint.  It  can  bear  much  and  long  from  considerations  of 
prudence,  and  yield  much  from  motives  of  magnanimity  ;  but  it 
cannot  be  made  to  permit  the  loss  or  sacrifice  of  a  particle  of  its 
sovereignty  or  of  its  independence.  A  collision  between  it  and 
maritime  powers  is  to  be  deprecated,  and,  if  possible,  in  every  case 
avoided  ;  but  its  chief  calamities  would  not  fall  upon  the  American 
continent.  It  betrays  almost  a  perverse  misconception  of  the  char- 
acter of  this  people  to  suppose,  at  this  stage  of  the  contest,  that  a 
separation  of  the  Union  on  the  ground  of  slavery  is  either  near  at 
hand  or  can  ever  occur. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Sanford. 

May  23,  1862. — I  would  endeavor  to  fix  the  mind  of  the  en- 
lightened government  of  Belgium  upon  a  new  phase  of  this  un- 
happy domestic  difficulty  which  is  now  distinctly  presenting  itself. 
I  speak  not  speculatively,  but  from  actual  observation  ;  not  of  what 
may  happen,  but  of  what  is  actually  occurring.  The  insurrection 
in  this  country  is  consuming  the  products  of  agriculture  already 
gathered.  It  is  devoting  to  war  the  capital  which  ought,  and 
which  in  time  of  peace  would  be  employed  in  beneficent  indus- 
try, and  it  is  wasting  the  wealth  which  the  inhabitants  of  the  in- 
surgent states  would,  under  other  circumstances,  expend  in  purchas- 
ing the  fabrics  of  foreign  art  and  labor.  More  than  this,  it  is 
demoralizing  and  disorganizing  society  itself.  The  war  employs 
the  master  in  arms,  and  even  the  slave,  also,  so  far  as,  with  his  low 
intelligence,  he  can  be  made  useful.  When  not  so  employed,  he  is 
left  to  support  himself  and  his  master's  family,  and  to  provide  their 
contributions  to  the  supply  and  payment  of  the  insurrectionary 
army.  Thus  he  contributes  nothing  to  the  wealth  of  the  state.  He 
discovers  that  he  has  an  interest  in  withholding  his  exertions  from 
the  service  of  a  master  who  perverts  the  fruits  of  his  labor  at  the 
very  moment  when  he  becomes  sensible  that  the  master's  control 
over  him  is  relaxed.  He  admits  the  hope  of  freedom,  and  contrives 
how  to  escape  from  bondage.     Wherever  the  armies  or  the  navies 


318  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

of  the  Union  approach  he  becomes  immediately  unfaithful,  and  pre- 
pares to  follow  the  forces  which,  although  they,  have  come  only  to 
restore  order,  have,  nevertheless,  come  to  defeat  the  master  who 
holds  him  in  servitude.  The  master  gathers  his  slaves  to  fly  with 
them  to  some  new  and  safer  field.  The  slave  deserts  him  wherever 
and  whenever  facilities  offer.  Want  soon  overtakes  both  the  mas- 
ter and  the  slave,  and  then  the  relation  that  has  always  before  been 
thought  perpetual  suddenly  comes  to  an  end. 

Keen  and  sagacious  minds  perceive  indications  of  a  still  more 
serious  change.  The  slave,  having  become  partially  instructed  in 
military  operations  and  familiar  with  them,  is  already  prepared  to 
use  the  fatal  knowledge  for  the  overthrow  of  slavery  itself.  We 
have,  within  a  few  days,  seen  a  slave  crew  seize  an  insurgent  ship- 
of-vvar  in  the  harbor  of  Charleston,  skilfully  bring  her  within  the 
Federal  lines,  and  deliver  her  and  themselves  up  to  the  commander 
of  the  national  forces,  and  thus  entitle  themselves  to  a  reward  in 
the  form  of  prize  money.  Charleston  is,  consequently,  now  under 
martial  law,  and  there  are  mysterious  apprehensions  of  a  slave  in- 
surrection there. 

However  much  this  government  may  desire  that  the  states  shall 
remove  or  modify  the  practice  of  slavery,  it  is,  nevertheless,  its  con- 
stitutional duty  to  leave  that  subject  exclusively  to  the  slave  states 
themselves,  and  even  to  guarantee  them  against  slave  insurrections, 
as  well  as  other  dangers,  so  long  as  those  states  can,  by  the  use  of 
ordinary  agencies,  be  held  in  their  constitutional  relations  to  the 
Federal  Union. 

It  is  very  easy,  however,  to  see  that  a  civil  war  between  two  par- 
ties of  the  white  race  could  not  continue  long  in  this  country  with- 
out bringing  the  colored  race  into  activity,  even  though  that  race 
had  no  special  interest  in  the  controversy.  It  is  impossible  not  to 
see  that  the  bondage  of  the  African  race  is  the  remote  cause  of  the 
present  strife,  and  it  is  certain  that  whenever  the  slave  shall  inter- 
vene in  it  he  will  be  found  on  the  side  which  he  justly  identifies 
with  the  cause  of  emancipation.  The  civil  war,  through  the  opera- 
tion of  the  causes  I  have  indicated,  is  now  on  the  eve  of  becoming  a 
social  —  a  servile  war.  Of  course  such  a  war  would  subvert  the 
system  of  cotton  production  existing  in  this  country.  But  it  is 
upon  that  very  system  that  the  nations  of  Europe  have  so  largely 
built  their  own  vast  structures  of  manufacturing  and  commercial 


SLAVEEY   AND   COTTON.  319 

industry.  I  am  satisfied  that  the  process  of  subversion  has  already 
begun.  Not  less  than  one  hundred  of  the  slaves  in  the  insurgent 
states  every  day  cast  off  their  bondage,  and  cease  to  be  instruments 
auxiliary  to  those  systems  forever.  They  are  of  both  sexes  and  of 
all  ages.  How  long  will  the  slave  production  of  cotton  endure  this 
rapid  process  of  disorganization  ? 

If  the  western  nations  had  been  careful  to  lend  no  direct  or  indi- 
rect aid  to  the  revolution,  the  United  States,  through  the  agency  of 
merely  political  motives,  would  have  early  restored  the  Federal 
authority  without  destroying  or  even  deeply  disturbing  the  consti- 
tution of  society,  and  slavery,  instead  of  being  brought  to  the  sharp 
trial  of  servile  war,  would  have  been  left  to  be  removed  peacefully 
and  gradually  by  the  agency  of  the  states  which  were  chiefly  con- 
cerned with  it. 

Europe,  on  the  contrary,  strangely  thought  that  by  discouraging 
the  United  States  it  would  induce  them  to  consent  to  dissolution, 
and  so  save  the  slave  production  of  cotton  in  the  slave  states. 
Europe  has  thus  put  this  beneficent  government  upon  an  ordeal 
more  solemn  and  fearful  than  any  through  which  a  nation  has  ever 
passed.  It  is  to  try,  at  the  peril  of  its  life,  whether  the  American 
Union  is  by  itself  stronger  than  the  slavery  which  encumbers  it, 
supported  by  the  countenance,  if  not  the  actual  protection,  of  for- 
eign nations.  We  have  accepted  the  trial  reluctantly.  We  have 
found  that  the  insurrection  daily  grows  weaker,  because  slavery 
daily  declines ;  and  that  the  Union  daily  grows  stronger,  because, 
while  it  carefully  preserves  all  the  time  the  attitude  of  self-defence 
against  aggression,  the  instincts  of  self-preservation,  which  sustain 
it,  derive  new  and  immeasurable  strength  from  the  concurring  sen- 
timents of  justice  and  humanity. 

If  Europe  will  still  sympathize  with  the  revolution,  it  must  now 
look  forward  to  the  end ;  an  end  in  which  the  war  ceases  with  anarchy 
substituted  for  the  social  system  that  existed  when  the  war  began. 
What  will  then  have  become  of  the  interests  which  carried  Europe 
to  the  side  which  was  at  once  the  wrong  side  and  the  losing  one  ? 

Only  a  perfect  withdrawal  of  all  favor  from  the  insurrection  can 
now  save  those  interests  in  any  degree.  The  insurrectionary  states, 
left  hopeless  of  foreign  intervention,  will  be  content  to  stop  in  their 
career  of  self-destruction,  and  to  avail  themselves  of  the  moderating 
power  of  the  Federal  government.     If  the  nations  of  Europe  shall 


320  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

refuse  to  see  this,  and  the  war  must  therefore  go  on  to  the  concln. 
sion  I  have  indicated,  the  responsibility  for  that  conclusion  will  not 
rest  with  the  government  of  the  United  States.  We  shall  see,  in 
that  case,  whether  those  nations,  Christian  nations  as  thev  are,  will 
in  this,  the  nineteenth  century,  intervene  with  force  to  maintain 
African  slavery  in  America  against  the  will  equally  of  the  people 
and  the  slaves  of  America.  I  will  not  push  the  argument  so  far  at 
to  inquire  what  would  be  the  probable  result  of  such  an  interven- 
tion. Europe  now  knows  and  understands  the  policy  which  this 
government  has  adopted  for  the  gradual  and  ultimate  relief  of  the 
nation  from  the  evil  of  slavery.  It  has  been  explicitly  set  forth  by 
the  President  and  adopted  by  Congress.  If  accepted  by  the  slave 
states,  it  will  restore  peace  and  effect  the  desired  result,  without  in- 
volving the  sacrifice  of  a  single  personal  right  or  privilege  of  any 
section  of  the  country  or  of  any  state. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

May  28,  1862.  The  power  of  a  losing  faction,  under  any  circum- 
stances, must  continually  grow  less ;  but  that  of  the  disunionists  is 
abating  under  the  operation  of  a  cause  peculiar  to  themselves,  which 
it  is  now  my  duty  to  bring  forward  —  I  mean  the  practice  of  Afri- 
can slavery. 

I  am  aware  that  in  regard  to  this  point  I  am  opening  a  subject 
which  was  early  interdicted  in  this  correspondence.  The  reason 
for  the  interdiction,  and  the  reason  for  a  departure  from  it,  are, 
however,  equally  obvious.  It  was  properly  left  out  of  view,  so  long 
as  it  might  be  reasonably  hoped  that  by  the  practice  of  magna- 
nimity this  government  might  cover  that  weakness  of  the  insurgents 
without  encouraging  them  to  persevere  in  their  treasonable  con- 
spiracy against  the  Union.  They  have  protracted  the  war  a  year, 
notwithstanding  this  forbearance  of  the  government ;  and  yet  they 
persist  in  invoking  foreign  arms  to  end  a  domestic  strife,  while  they 
have  forced  slavery  into  such  prominence  that  it  cannot  be  over- 
looked. 

The  region  where  the  insurrection  still  remains  flagrant  embraces 
all  or  parts  of  several  states,  with  a  white  population  of  four  and  a 
half  million,  and  a  negro  population  of  three  and  a  half  million, 
chiefly  slaves.  It  is  thus  seen  to  be  a  war  between  two  parties  of 
the  white  race,  not  only  in  the  presence  but  in  the  very  midst  of  the 


REVIEW   OF   THE   SITUATION.  321 

enslaved  negro  race.  It  is  notorious,  we  could  not  conceal  the  fact 
if  we  would,  that  the  dispute  between  them  arose  out  of  the  ques- 
tions in  which  the  negro  race  have  a  deep  and  lasting  interest,  and 
that  their  sympathies,  wishes,  and  interests,  naturally,  necessarily, 
inevitably,  fall  on  the  side  of  the  Union.  Such  a  civil  war  between 
two  parties  of  the  white  race  in  such  a  place,  and  under  such  cir- 
cumstances, could  not  be  expected  to  continue  long  before  the  negro 
race  would  begin  to  manifest  some  sensibility  and  some  excitement. 
We  have  arrived  at  that  stage  already.  Everywhere  the  American 
general  receives  his  most  useful  and  reliable  information  from  the 
negro,  who  hails  his  coming  as  a  harbinger  of  freedom.  Wherever 
the  national  army  advances  into  the  insurrectionary  region,  African 
bondsmen,  escaping  from  their  insurrectionary  masters,  come  out  to 
meet  it  and  to  offer  their  service  and  labor  in  whatever  capacity  they 
may  be  desired.  So  many  of  these  bondsmen  have,  even  without 
the  invitation,  and  often  against  the  opposition  of  the  Federal  mili- 
tary and  naval  authorities,  made  their  way  from  bondage  among  the 
insurgents  to  freedom  among  the  loyalists,  that  the  government 
finds  itself  occupied  with  the  consideration  of  measures  to  provide 
them  with  domicils  at  home  or  abroad.  Not  less  than  a  hundred 
such  escape  every  day,  and  as  the  army  advances  the  number  in- 
creases. If  the  war  should  continue  indefinitely,  every  slave  will 
become,  not  only  a  freeman,  but  an  absentee.  If  the  insurgents 
should  resist  their  escape,  how  could  they  hope  to  prevent  the  civil 
war  they  have  inaugurated  from  degenerating  into  a  servile  war? 
True,  a  servile  population,  especially  one  so  long  enslaved  as  the 
Africans  in  the  insurrectionary  states,  require  time  and  trial  before 
they  can  organize  a  servile  war ;  but  if  the  war  continues  indefi- 
nitely, a  servile  war  is  only  a  question  of  time.  The  problem,  then, 
is  whether  the  strife  shall  be  left  to  go  on  to  that  point.  The  gov- 
ernment, animated  by  a  just  regard  for  the  general  welfare,  includ- 
ing that  of  the  insurrectionary  states,  adopts  a  policy  designed  at 
once  to  save  the  Union  and  rescue  society  from  that  fearful  catas- 
trophe, while  it  consults  the  ultimate  peaceful  relief  of  the  nation 
from  slavery.  It  cannot  be  necessary  to  prove  to  any  enlightened 
statesman  that  the  labor  of  the  African  in  the  insurrectionary  re- 
gion is  at  present  indispensable,  as  a  resource  of  the  insurgents,  for 
continuing  the  war,  nor  is  it  now  necessary  to  show  that  this  same 
labor  is  the  basis  of  the  whole  industrial  system  existing  in  that 
21 


322  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

region.  The  war  is  thus  seen  to  be  producing  already  a  disorgan- 
ization of  the  industrial  system  of  the  insurrectionary  states,  and 
tending  to  a  subversion  of  even  their  social  system.  Let  it  next  be 
considered  that  the  European  systems  of  industry  are  largely  based 
upon  the  African  slave  labor  of  the  insurrectionary  states  employed 
in  the  production  of  cotton,  tobacco,  and  rice,  and  on  the  free  labor 
of  the  other  states  employed  in  producing  cereals,  out  of  which 
combined  productions  arises  the  demand  for  European  productions, 
materials,  and  fabrics.  The  disorganization  of  industry,  which  is 
already  revealing  itself  in  the  insurrectionary  states,  cannot  but  im- 
pair their  ability  to  prosecute  the  war,  and  at  the  same  time  result 
indirectly  in  greater  distress  in  Europe. 

On  the  other  hand,  this  disorganization  operates  far  less  injuri- 
ously at  present  to  the  Federal  government  and  to  the  loyal  states. 
Every  African  laborer  who  escapes  from  his  service  is  not  only  lost 
to  the  support  of  the  insurrection,  but  he  brings  an  accession  to  the 
productive  labor  of  the  loyal  states,  and  to  that  extent  increases 
their  ability  to  continue  the  contest  in  which  they  are  reluctantly 
engaged.  The  failure  of  foreign  importations,  as  heretofore,  in  re- 
turn for  the  exportation  of  southern  staples,  stimulates  the  manu- 
facturing industry  of  the  loyal  states.  Immigration  is  accelerated 
by  an  activity  in  these  states,  resulting  from  extended  manufacture 
and  prosecution  of  the  war.  Thus  has  the  phenomenon  appeared, 
disappointing  so  many  prophecies  in  Europe,  that  the  war  impover- 
ishes and  exhausts  only  the  insurrection,  and  not  the  Union.  I  shall 
not  contend  that  these  effects  would  be  perpetual.  I  know  there  is 
a  reckoning  for  every  nation  that  has  the  misfortune  to  be  involved 
in  war,  and  I  do  not  expect  for  the  United  States  any  exemption 
from  that  inexorable  law.  But  it  is  enough  for  my  present  purpose 
that  the  penalties  are  neither  more  severe  nor  more  imminent  than 
the  loyal  states  can  endure  while  bringing  this  unhappy  contest  to 
its  desired  conclusion.  Let  us  now  suppose  that  any  one  or  more 
European  states  should  think  it  right  or  expedient  to  intervene  by 
force  to  oblige  the  United  States  to  accept  a  compromise  of  their 
sovereignty.  What  other  effect  could  it  produce  than  to  render 
inevitable,  and  even  hurry  on,  that  servile  war,  so  completely  de- 
structive of  all  European  interests  in  this  country,  which  this  gov- 
ernment so  studiously  strives  to  avoid  ?  I  know  that  the  danger  of 
any  foreign  nation  attempting  such  a  policy,  if  it  has  ever  existed, 


FOREIGN   INTERVENTION.  323 

has  passed,  as  I  am  happy  in  knowing  that  no  foreign  government 
has  ever  threatened  such  intervention,  while  several  magnanimous 
governments  have  repudiated  all  unfriendly  designs.  I  have  put 
forward  that  hypothesis  only  by  way  of  preface  to  a  question  not 
less  significant,  namely,  what  must  be  the  effect  of  such  a  policy 
abroad  as  will  encourage  the  insurgents  with  hopes  of  an  interven- 
tion which  is  never  to  occur  ?  Is  not  that  effect  visible  in  the 
obstinacy  of  the  insurgents  in  their  destruction  of  the  cotton  and 
tobacco  already  cultivated  and  liable  to  be  brought  into  commerce 
by  the  return  of  peace,  and  in  their  studied  neglect  of  the  planting 
the  seed  of  their  staples,  and  turning  so  much  of  the  African  labor 
as  they  are  able  to  save  into  the  production  of  supplies  of  provisions 
and  forage,  to  enable  them  to  continue  the  war  ?  The  effect  will  be 
further  developed  as  time  goes  on  in  opening  a  way  for  that  servile 
war  which,  if  it  shall  be  permitted  to  come,  will  produce  infinite 
suffering  throughout  the  world,  and  can  only  at  last  result  in  an 
entirely  new  system  of  trade  and  commerce  between  the  United 
States  and  all  foreign  nations. 

Mr,  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

June  3,  1862. — The  capture  of  New  Orleans,  Yorktown,  Nor- 
folk, Pensacola  and  Corinth,  and  the  virtual  removal  of  the  block- 
ade at  Beaufort,  Port  Royal,  and  New  Orleans,  all  which  events 
have  either  occurred  or  become  known  at  Paris  since  your  last  re- 
ported communications  with  the  French  minister,  have  not  only 
fulfilled  all  the  promises  you  had  at  that  time  made,  but  they  have 
also  more  than  satisfied  the  desires  which  his  government  has, 
within  the  last  eight  months,  so  constantly  but  so  courteously 
pressed  upon  the  President's  attention,  while  tbey  are  sufficient  to 
dispel  the  last  doubt  of  the  preservation  of  the  American  Union 
which  could  be  indulged  by  candid  men. 

Under  such  circumstances,  the  apprehension  of  any  hostile  inter- 
vention would  be  not  less  absurd  on  our  part  than  unjust  and  un- 
generous towards  France.  So,  also,  the  attitude  of  neutrality,  so 
solemnly  proclaimed  by  the  Emperor  a  year  ago,  is  fast  resolving 
itself  into  an  abstraction,  in  view  of  the  fact  that,  virtually,  there 
is  no  longer  a  field,  on  land  or  water,  where  conflict  with  this  gov- 
ernment can  be  raised  by  the  rebels  in  the  presence  of  a  foreign 
power. 


324  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  President,  however,  is  not  less  anxious  now  than  heretofore 
that  the  posture  of  the  French  government  may  be  modified.  The 
Emperor  of  France  has  not  thought  it  unbecoming  to  expose  to  us 
the  exigencies  of  his  own  country,  resulting  from  this  unhappy  con- 
test. It  cannot  be  improper  on  our  part  to  allude  to  the  suscepti- 
bilities of  the  American  people.  Our  prestige  has  been  impaired 
by  our  divisions,  and  we  have  consequently  encountered  indiffer- 
ence, coldness,  and,  as  we  think,  injustice  and  injury,  in  our  foreign 
relations.  When  we  remember  that  we  are  a  democratic  power, 
that  for  many  years  we  were  a  leading  democratic  state,  and  that  the 
security  of  the  constitutional  republican  system  in  other  countries 
where  it  has  been  established  has  been  everywhere  thought  depen- 
dent on  its  success  here,  it  is  not  to  be  wondered  at  if  we  think 
that  whatever  wrong  it  committed  against  us,  in  the  crisis  through 
which  we  are  passing,  is  a  wrong  suffered  by  us  in  the  cause  of  free- 
dom and  humanity,  with  which  we  are  always  accustomed  to  iden- 
tify republican  institutions.  We  are,  indeed,  on  the  eve  of  domestic 
peace,  but  we  have  a  deep  interest  in  establishing  that  peace  upon 
the  firmest  foundations  and  rendering  it  universal.  The  empire  of 
France  rests  upon  a  democratic  basis.  The  monarch  himself  has  de- 
clared that  that  empire  is  peace.  We  think,  therefore,  that  he  will 
agree  with  us  in  the  desire  that  whatever  has  anywhere  occurred, 
during  our  present  conflict,  to  produce  feelings  of  distrust  or  aliena- 
tion between  the  United  States  and  foreign  countries,  shall  be  sea- 
sonably corrected,  in  order  that  no  such  sentiments  shall  survive. 

It  is  an  axiom  of  international  intercourse  that  no  government 
can  rightfully  recognize  insurgents  against  another  as  lawful  bellig- 
erents, except  when  the  state  of  the  contest  is  such  as  to  raise  the 
probability  of  a  successful  revolution.  If  a  recognition  based  on 
the  assumption  of  such  a  probability  has  at  any  time  been  made,  it 
ought  to  be  rescinded  when  the  probability  has  failed.  Does  any 
one  expect  that  a  sovereign  nation  can  be  organized  by  the  in- 
surrectionary states  of  the  south,  while  the  United  States  possess 
the  Mississippi  River,  its  tributaries,  and  it3  mouths,  and  virtually 
possess,  also,  all  the  navigable  lakes  and  rivers  of  the  country,  as 
well  those  of  the  coast  as  those  which  are  inland,  together  with  the 
political  capital  and  all  the  centres  of  manufacturing  industry  aid 
commercial  exchange?  Does  any  one  expect  that  the  insurgents, 
without  a  single  ship-of-war,  or  a  place  in  which  to  launch  one,  or 


THE   REBELLION   AND  INTERVENTION.  325 

funds  with  which  to  build  it,  with  an  array  demoralized,  a  prostrate 
credit,  and  a  country  exhausted  of  its  wealth  and  resources,  will  be 
able  to  change  the  military  position  I  have  described  ? 

It  is  a  palpable  fact  that  the  movers  of  this  insurrection  never  en- 
tertained any  expectation  of  achieving  a  revolution.  What  they 
did  desire  and  hope  was  to  open  a  point  for  foreign  intervention,' 
upon  which  they  have  relied  to  effect  the  overthrow  of  the  Union. 
They  were  shrewd  men,  and  therefore  could  not  have  entirely  mis- 
calculated the  conflicting  forces.  They  began  intrigues  for  inter- 
vention even  before  they  ventured  upon  rebellion,  and  they  have 
plied  those  intrigues  with  more  assiduity  and  energy  than  they  have 
the  work  of  revolution.  In  these  intrigues  they  have  used  bribes 
and  threats  as  they  esteemed  the  conditions  and  characters  of  for- 
eign states.  Their  pretended  revolution  was,  therefore,  a  fraud 
against  mankind.  The  toleration  which  they  received  abroad,  in 
the  beginning  of  the  strife,  may  bs  excused  upon  the  ground  of  the 
skill  with  which  they  practised  the"  imposture.  But  now,  when  it 
ha9  been  so  fully  exposed  and  exploded,  that  toleration  may  justly 
be  expected  to  be  withdrawn. 

But  our  representations  made  to  that  end  are  met  by  anew  form 
of  argument,  based  on  the  assumed  desperation  of  the  insurgents. 
We  are  told  that  although  everywhere  defeated,  the  people  of  the 
insurrectionary  region  will  not  submit ;  that  they  are  determined  to 
carry  on  the  war ;  that  the  belligerents  will  withdraw  from  the 
reach  of  our  navy  on  the  coasts,  and  the  banks  of  rivers  and  lakes  ; 
that  they  will  destroy  all  productions  and  merchandise  which  they 
cannot  remove ;  that  they  will  leave  Federal  garrisons  in  their  cities 
a  prey  to  pestilence,  and  will  resort  to  inland  positions  inaccessible 
to  the  Federal  armies,  and  direct  from  such  positions  a  relentless 
guerilla  war  of  indefinite  duration. 

We  might  give  the  fullest  credence  to  these  representations  of  the 
insurgents,  and  then  we  might  say  that  a  campaign  conducted  upon 
the  principles  thus  announced  would  have  no  tendency  whatever  to 
exhaust  the  strength  or  resources  of  this  government.  Resistance  in 
such  a  case  would  cost  far  less  of  life  and  treasure  than  the  nation  is 
now  expending.      But  I  do  not  dwell  on  this  point. 

I  prefer  to  ask  on  what  ground  is  it  that  a  faction  thus  waging 
intestine  war  against  the  government  of  our  country,  equally  with- 
out cause  and  without  hope,  could  ask  to  be  regarded  by  friendly 


326  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

states  as  a  lawful  belligerent  ?  To  regard  them  in  that  light 
would  be  to  subvert  maxims  of  the  law  of  nations  universally- 
accepted.  It  would  be  nothing  less  than  to  make  every  state  an 
insidious  enemy  to  the  peace  of  every  other  state  in  the  civilized 
world,  with  the  ultimate  consequence  of  a  general  war  among  all 
nations.  But  these  menaces  are  ineffectual  and  harmless.  They 
assume  a  condition  of  public  sentiment  in  the  revolutionary  states 
which  has  no  existence.  Wherever  the  Union  forces  have  advanced 
they  have  found  a  sentiment  of  loyalty  manifesting  itself  just  in  the 
degree  that  confidence  in  the  ability  of  the  Federal  government  to 
guarantee  the  safety  of  the  citizens  was  restored.  This  has  been 
the  case  in  the  District  of  Columbia,  and  in  the  states  of  Kentucky, 
Maryland,  Missouri,  Virginia,  Tennessee,  North  Carolina,  Alabama, 
Arkansas,  and  Florida.  The  Federal  government  has  either  main- 
tained or  resumed  its  functions  in  the  whole  or  parts  of  all  the 
insurrectionary  communities.  There  is  no  subjugation  proposed, 
nor  is  any  necessary.  The  Fe'deral  government  has  only  limited 
functions  to  perform,  and  every  community  in  which  it  exercises 
them  is,  by  the  very  terms  of  the  Constitution,  left  to  exercise  self- 
government  in  all  matters  of  municipal  concern. 

The  insurgents  do  not  withdraw  ;  on  the  contrary,  they  are  driven 
from  the  coasts,  banks,  and  shores.  Their  commands  for  the 
destruction  of  cotton  and  other  valuables  fail  to  be  obeyed  as  soon 
as  their  presence  is  withdrawn.  No  one  fears  that  the  pestilence 
will  obey  their  summons,  and  follow  their  direction  in  the  pursuit 
of  victims.  There  are  no  places  inaccessible  to  the  Federal  army 
and  navy,  save  in  the  mountainous  districts,  and  there  the  people,  if 
not  altogether  loyal,  are  at  least  divided.  The  guerilla  war  which 
they  threaten  must  therefore  be  a  social  war,  confined  to  portions  of 
the  insurrectionary  states,  leaving  the  loyal  states  in  the  enjoyment 
of  profound  peace.  But  guerilla  soldiery,  like  all  other,  must  have 
arms,  ammunition,  and  supplies,  and  for  these  they  must  depend 
upon  labor,  and  in  this  case,  upon  slave  labor.  Slaves  desert  their 
occupations,  and  even  cast  off  their  bondage,  just  as  rapidly  as  this 
civil  war  approaches  them.  Troops  of  them  are  encoun tered  on  all 
the  highways,  and  the  Federal  camps  everywhere  are  crowded  with 
them.  Agents  of  foreign  governments  are  awaiting  here  to  receive 
them  at  our  hands.  Either  the  insurgents  must  allow  their  slaves 
to  escape  with  impunity,  or  must  prevent  them  by  force.     The  at- 


FRENCH   SCEPTICISM.  327 

tempt  at  prevention  converts  the  civil  war  at  once  into  a  servile 
war.  Thus,  instead  of  inaugurating  a  guerilla  war,  the  insurgents 
are  preparing  for  themselves  the  most  destructive  scourge  ever  ex- 
perienced among  men. 

These  facts  are  calculated  to  awaken  the  most  serious  thought. 
The  reflections  they  suggest  concern  the  highest  interests  of  nations,' 
and  reach  the  noblest  springs  of  human  action.     I  forbear  from  giv- 
ing them  an  application  to  the  merely  ephemeral  interests  of  my 
own  country  or  of  France. 

Mr.  Sexoard  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

June  20,  1862.  —  Your  despatch  of  May  26  has  been  received. 
It  directs  my  attention  to  an  article  in  the  "  Constitutionnel,"  in 
which  the  writer  declares  that  the  doubts  of  the  restoration  of  the 
Union  which  he  entertained  before  the  capture  of  New  Orleans  have 
not  been  removed  or  modified  by  that  striking  event.  The  journal 
is  understood  to  have  a  semi-official  character,  and  the  opinion  which 
it  thus  announces  is,  you  think,  the  same  which  is  entertained  by 
many  of  the  statesmen  of  France,  including  the  Emperor  himself. 

The  publication  thus  referred  to  has  not  passed  unobserved  in  this 
country.  I  can  hardly  believe  that  the  Emperor,  whose  influence  is 
so  great,  whose  principles  have  been  understood  to  be  so  liberal,  and 
whose  sagacity  is  so  generally  acknowledged,  is  sceptical  concerning 
the  prospects  and  destiny  of  our  country.  If  he  is  so,  I  am  satisfied 
that  he  must  have  other  reasons  for  his  distrust  than  those  which  the 
writer  in  the  "  Constitutionnel "  assigns,  which  are  simply  an  imag- 
ined similarity  between  the  present  disturbance  and  the  American 
Revolution.  This  is  a  struggle  of  factious  leaders  in  the  South  to 
build  up  a  political  empire  on  the  foundation  of  human  slavery,  in 
opposition  to  the  sentiments  and  sympathies  of  all  mankind,  with- 
out any  foreign  aid  but  such  toleration  as  they  can  wring  from  for- 
eign states  by  destroying  the  materials  for  their  manufactures. 
The  American  Revolution  of  1776  was  an  organization  upon  princi- 
ples of  liberty  and  humanity,  long  cultivated  in  the  schools  of 
Europe,  as  well  as  in  the  hearts  of  the  people  of  America,  and  was 
the  inauguration  of  a  new  and  beneficent  system  of  civil  govern- 
ment, ultimately  sanctioned  by  alliances  of  the  revolutionists  with 
Spain  and  France,  and  expected  to  be  acceptable  to  and  to  be 
adopted  by  all  mankind. 


328  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

However  the  fact  may  be,  we  here  have  no  difficulty  in  finding  an 
explanation  of  the  incredulity  of  European  statesmen.  When  our 
domestic  troubles  arose  those  politicians  formed  their  opinions  of  the 
probable  conclusion  by  judging  us  by  European,  not  American, 
standards,  and  under  the  influence  of  European,  not  American, 
interests  and  sentiments.  Republicanism  and  Federalism  are,  to 
European  statesmen,  if  not  unintelligible,  at  least,  impracticable, 
principles  ;  and  durable  power  on  the  American  continent  is,  in  their 
esteem,  a  mere  chimera.  To  them  monarchy  seems,  if  not  the  most 
beneficent  system  of  government  which  could  be  devised,  at  least  the 
only  one  which  could  assure  the  preservation  of  national  sovereignty. 
and  guarantee  public  tranquillity  and  peace.  The  experience  of 
mankind  has  not  controverted  these  opinions,  so  unfavorable  to  our 
new  system  of  Federal  self-government.  True,  the  success  of  the 
system  itself  for  seventy  years  has  vindicated  it,  but  the  experiment 
has  all  the  while  seemed  to  require  a  longer  trial  in  a  much  wider 
field.  The  civil  war  seemed  to  Europeans  to  come  seasonably  to 
prove  that  trial  itself  a  failure,  while  in  the  Spanish-American 
republics  the  working  of  a  similar  system  has  inspired  no  hopes  of 
its  ultimate  success.  Nor  is  it  to  be  forgotten  that  Europeans  have 
not  habitually  contemplated  America  as  a  theatre  for  the  develop- 
ment of  society  under  new  and  specially  adapted  constitutions  of 
government.  On  the  other  hand,  material  interests,  where  they  are 
fixed  and  strong,  affect,  if  they  do  not  determine,  the  lights  in  which 
nations  regard  each  other.  For  the  last  thirty  years  European 
nations  have  regarded  America  as  a  continent  chiefly  appointed  to 
produce  supplies  of  materials  and  provisions  for  their  manufacturers 
and  to  consume  their  productions,  and  habit  has  reconciled  us  to  that 
apparently  merely  commercial  relation.  The  insurrection  disturbed 
and  threatened  to  subvert  it.  It  is  not  strange  that  European  states- 
men thought  that  the  United  States  ought  to  fall  into  dissolution, 
and,  indeed,  assumed  that  they  had  fallen  into  that  condition,  on  the 
first  organized  outbreak  of  faction.  For  a  time  we  seemed,  at  least,  to 
be  about  to  acquiesce  in  that  calamity.  We  hesitated  and  examined 
and  disputed,  and  it  certainly  was  not  until  after  due  consideration 
that  the  American  people,  as  a  mass,  announced  the  conviction  that 
the  Union  could  be  maintained,  and  the  determination  to  maintain 
it  at  whatever  of  cost  and  sacrifices  the  occasion  should  require.  Our 
refusal  for  a  whole  year  to  accept  the  fate  which  European  statesmen 


THE   STRENGTH   OF   THE   UNION.  329 

considered  not  only  inevitable  but  beneficent  to  us,  as  well  as  benev- 
olent to  their  own  countries,  has  been  regarded  as  simply  contuma- 
cious. They  reluctantly  consented  to  await  a  trial  on  our  part  of  an 
attempt  to  suppress  the  insurrection,  which  attempt  they  felt  so 
well  assured  would  fail.  But,  encouraged  by  our  seeming  delay, 
they  have  hardly  concealed  their  assumption  of  a  right,  and  even  a 
duty,  to  arbitrate  between  the  government  and  its  domestic  enemies, 
and  so  they  have  measured  the  period  they  could  allow  us  for  the 
important  trial,  and  even  prescribed  the  amount  of  force  which  the 
government  might  exercise  in  self-defence.  It  is  not  strange  that 
the  limits  thus  prescribed  were  adopted  with  reference  not  to  our 
needs  or  our  rights  under  the  law  of  nations,  but  to  the  supposed  in- 
terests and  wants  of  Europe.  Deference  to  these  limits  was  expected 
under  the  fear,  if  not  under  menaces,  of  intervention,  to  decide  a  dis- 
pute already  pronounced  unreasonable  on  our  part,  and  intolerably 
inconvenient  to  foreign  nations. 

It  is  freely  confessed  that  these  assumptions  have  caused  us  much 
embarrassment.  The}7  have  encouraged  the  enemies,  and  tended  to 
divide  and  dispirit  the  friends,  of  the  Union. 

It  was  obvious  from  the  first  that  this  government  wanted  what 
every  government  in  such  cases,  and  especially  a  Federal  republi- 
can government,  without  experience  of  war  and  with  all  its  political 
and  social  forces  energetically  at  work  in  the  occupation  of  peace, 
must  need,  namely,  time  —  time  to  reflect,  to  survey,  to  prepare,  to 
organize  and  direct,  a  defensive  civil  war. 

Happily,  that  time  was  gained,  and  the  work  of  restoration  was 
begun ;  and  it  has  been  prosecuted  to  the  point  which  assures  a 
complete  triumph.  The  crisis  of  the  country  has  thus  been  passed. 
We  have  thought  it  our  policy  and  our  duty  to  inform  foreign  states 
at  every  stage  of  the  affair  fully,  frankly,  and  candidly,  so  that  they 
have  understood  or  might  have  understood  the  nature  and  causes  of 
the  contest,  the  purposes  of  the  government,  and  its  manner  of  exe- 
cuting them,  and  might  be  as  well  prepared  as  ourselves  for  the 
conclusion  which  is  at  hand. 

It  is  by  no  fault  of  ours,  nor  is  it  more  our  misfortune  than  it  is 
theirs,  if  they  do  not  understand  that  the  United  States  are  no  un- 
organized or  blind  popular  mass,  surged  by  the  voice  of  demagogues, 
nor  yet  a  confederacy  of  discordant  states,  bound  by  a  flaxen  bond 
which  any  one  of  them  can  sever  at  its  caprice  ;  but  that  they  con- 


330  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

stitute  a  homogeneous,  enlightened  nation,  virtuous  and  brave, 
inspired  by  lofty  sentiments  to  achieve  a  destiny  for  itself  that  shall, 
by  its  influence  and  example,  be  beneficient  to  mankind.  This  nation 
is  conscious  that  it  possesses  a  government  the  most  indestructible 
that  has  ever  been  reared  among  men,  because  its  foundations  are 
laid  in  common  political,  commercial,  and  social  necessities,  as  broad 
as  its  domain,  while  the  machinery  of  that  government  is  kept  in 
vigorous  and  constant  activity,  because  the  power  which  moves  it  is 
perennially  derived  from  the  suffrages  of  a  free,  happy,  and  grateful 
people. 

It  is  not  our  fault,  nor  do  we  alone  suffer  in  the  misfortune,  if 
foreign  states  are  unable  to  see,  at  this  moment,  that  through  the 
pains  and  perils  of  a  civil  strife  which  we  long  strove  to  avert, 
and  which  we  have  not  suffered  to  degenerate  into  a  social,  much 
less  a  servile,  war,  we  are  successfully  readjusting  a  single  disturb- 
ing element  so  as  to  bring  it  back  again  into  subordination  and 
harmony  with  the  normal  and  effective  political  forces  of  the 
republic. 

It  is  the  fault  of  foreign  states  more  than  it  is  our  own  if  they  do 
not  now  see  that  we  have  already  so  far  suppressed  the  revolution 
that  it  can  no  longer  interfere  with  their  rights  or  even  their  inter- 
ests, and  so  can  give  no  stranger  any  cause,  or  even  any  pretext,  for 
interfering,  much  less  any  excuse  for  lending  moral  aid  or  sympathy 
to  an  insurrection  every  day  of  whose  continuance  is  a  prolonga- 
tion of  misfortunes  which  are  felt  not  only  here  but  throughout  the 
world. 

Time  is  needful  for  the  eradication  of  prejudice,  and  experiments, 
however  successful,  must  be  continued  until  truth  is  not  only  firmly 
established,  but  is  accepted  by  the  general  judgment  of  mankind. 
Our  responsibilities  have  ended,  we  are  therefore  content  that  for- 
eign states  shall  take  time  to  weigh  and  accept  the  results  of  the 
military,  social,  and  political  events  which  occur  here,  with  all  the 
deliberation  which  their  remoteness  from  the  scene  and  their  long- 
cherished  prejudices  shall  render  necessary. 

In  three  fourths  of  the  territory  over  which  our  Constitution 
has  been  extended  the  Federal  authority  has  never  been  disturbed, 
and  has  been  peacefully  maintained.  Throughout  the  half  of  the 
other  fourth  it  is  maintained  successfully  by  military  power,  while 
at  the  same  time  the  opposing  political  authority  which  has  been 


INTEIIVENTION.  331 

attempted  to  be  set  up  there  is  daily  losing  ground,  vigor,  and 
vitality. 

The  American  people  must,  and  they  will,  have  some  system  of 
self-government.  The  popular  passions  which  faction,  id  an  unhappy 
moment,  succeeded  in  raising  and  directing  against  the  government 
of  the  Union,  are  subsiding,  and  within  a  year  from  this  time  the 
attempt  thus  made  to  overthrow  the  most  beneficent  system  of  gov- 
ernment which  the  world  has  seen,  and  the  only  one  which  i8 
adapted  to  this  continent,  while  it  holds  out  hopes  of  progress  to  all 
other  nations,  will  be  remembered  only  as  a  calamity  to  be  deplored, 
and  a  crime  never  again  to  be  repeated. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

July  10,  1862.  —  The  increased  activity  of  European  politicians 
directed  towards  effecting  some  intervention  in  our  affairs,  which 
you  have  described,  has  not  passed  unobserved  here.  It  is  to  be 
regretted  because  it  produces  unprofitable  resentments  among  our 
people,  and  embarrasses  the  action  of  all  the  governments  concerned. 
The  excuses  which  it  employs  abroad  are  not  entertained  here,  be- 
cause they  are  unjust  in  principle,  and  without  ground  in  fact.  If 
we  happen  to  fail  in  one  of  several  combined  military  enterprises, 
as  every  belligerent  power  subject  to  the  chances  of  war  must  occa- 
sionally fail,  it  is  pronounced  abroad  to  be  conclusive  against  the  suc- 
cess of  the  whole  war.  If,  on  the  other  hand,  we  gain  victory  upon 
victory,  with  a  rapidity  and  upon  a  scale  such  as  only  the  campaigns 
of  the  first  Emperor  of  France  exhibited,  the  refusal  of  the  insur- 
gents to  render  instant  and  universal  submission  to  the  Federal 
authority  renders  these  successes  in  foreign  eyes  ineffectual  and 
valueless. 

There  can  be  no  harm  in  asking  foreign  governments  and  states- 
men, under  these  circumstances,  to  consider  our  position,  our  inter- 
ests, our  purposes,  and  our  character,  as  well  as  their  own. 

We  are  rightfully  here,  a  nation  lawfully  existing,  widely  ex- 
tended, and  firmly  established,  with  peculiarly  beneficent  institu- 
tions, upon  a  continent  separate  and  remote  from  that  occupied  by 
the  nations  whose  interference  with  us  is  so  vehemently  and  perse- 
veringly  urged.  In  maintaining  our  own  integrity,  we  are  defend- 
ing the  interests  and  the  cause  not  merely  of  popular  government, 
but  of  the  very  institution  of  civil  government  itself.     We  have  no 


332  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

hostile  or  interested  designs  against  any  other  state  or  nation  what- 
ever, and,  on  the  contrary,  we  seek  peace,  harmony,  and  commerce 
with  tliem  all,  and,  consequently  in  desiring  to  remain  undisturbed 
by  them,  we  are  defending  the  peace  of  the  world. 

Our  policy  in  this  emergency  is  a  prudent,  honest,  direct,  and 
generous  one.  We  have  raised  large  armies  and  a  considerable 
navy.  The  reduction  of  Vicksburg,  the  possession  of  Chattanooga 
and  the  capture  of  Richmond,  would  close  the  civil  war  with  com- 
plete success.  All  these  three  enterprises  are  going  forward.  The 
two  former  will,  we  think,  be  effected  within  the  next  ten  days. 
For  the  third  we  require  reinforcements,  which  are  being  rapidly 
and  lavishly  contributed  at  our  call.  The  three  hundred  thousand 
additional  troops  will  be  in  the  field  in  sixty  days,  and  within  about 
the  same  period  we  shall  have  afloat  as  large  an  iron-clad  fleet  as 
any  in  the  world.  The  war  is  becoming  one  of  exhaustion  to  the 
insurgents,  and  they,  not  we,  are  hastening  forward  the  rise  of 
a  servile  population  in  arms  on  the  side  of  the  government.  Under 
these  circumstances,  although  we  deprecate  foreign  interference, 
we  deprecate  it  hardly  less  for  the  sake  of  other  nations  than 
for  our  own,  and  we  deprecate  it  upon  considerations  of  pru- 
dence and  humanity,  not  at  all  from  motives  of  fear  or  appre- 
hension. 

Having  always  contemplated  the  possibility  of  such  interference, 
we  shall  be  found  not  unprepared  for  it,  if  it  must  come.  We  have 
so  conducted  our  affairs  as  to  deprive  it  of  all  pretence  of  right  or  of 
provocation.  We  have  interfered  with  the  dominion  or  the  ambi- 
tious designs  of  no  nation.  We  have  seen  San  Domingo  absorbed 
by  Spain,  and  been  content  with  a  protest.  We  have  seen  Great 
Britain  strengthen  her  government  in  Canada,  and  we  have  ap- 
proved it.  We  have  seen  France  make  war  against  Mexico,  and 
have  not  allied  ourselves  with  that  republic.  We  have  heard  and 
redressed  every  injury  of  which  any  foreign  state  has  complained, 
and  we  have  relaxed  a  blockade  in  favor  of  foreign  commerce  that 
we  might  rightfully  have  maintained  with  inflexibility.  We  have 
only  complained  because  an  attitude  of  neutrality  encouraging  to 
rebellion  among  us,  adopted  hastily  and  unnecessarily,  has  not  been 
relinquished  when  the  progress  of  the  war  showed  that  it  was  as  in- 
jurious as  it  was  ill-advised. 

Under  these   circumstances,  if  intervention  in  any  form  shall 


FRIENDLY   RELATIONS   WITH   FRANCE.  333 

come,  it  will  find  us  in  the  right  of  the  controversy  and  in  the 
strong  attitude  of  self-defence.  Once  begun,  we  know  how  it  must 
proceed.  It  will  here  bring  out  reserved  and  yet  latent  forces  of  resis- 
tance that  can  never  go  to  rest  until  America  shall  be  reconquered 
and  reorganized  by  Europe,  or  shall  have  become  isolated  forever 
equally  from  the  industrial  and  governmental  systems  of  that  conti- 
nent. European  statesmen,  I  am  sure,  before  waging  war  against 
us  will  consider  their  rights,  interests,  and  resources,  as  well  as  our 
own.  For  ourselves,  we  do  not  believe  that  European  domination  is 
to  be  rebuilt  here  upon  the  foundation  of  African  slavery. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

July  15,  1862.  — The  Comte  de  Paris  and  the  Due  de  Chartres, 
after  a  year's  service  in  the  army  of  the  United  States,  in  which 
they  have  conducted  themselves  with  the  utmost  propriety  and  the 
highest  gallantry,  have  returned  to  Europe.  It  is  not  to  be  doubted 
that  they  carry  with  them  the  affectionate  gratitude  of  the  Ameri- 
can people.  This,  however,  is  a  sentiment  won  by  them,  not  for 
themselves  alone,  or  even  peculiarly,  but,  as  in  the  case  of  Lafay- 
ette and  Rochambeau,  it  is  a  sentiment  won  by  them  for  France. 

You  need  hardly  be  told  that  the  generous  course  adopted  towards 
us,  in  what  seemed  a  critical  hour,  by  the  Prince  Napoleon  (Jer- 
ome), made  an  equal  impression  upon  the  country,  and  its  best 
wishes  attend  him  wherever  he  goes,  and  whatever  may  be  the 
sphere  of  his  action. 

Although  the  policy  of  the  Emperor  during  the  contest  has  not 
been,  in  all  respects,  what  we  have  claimed  and  wished,  you  are, 
nevertheless,  not  to  be  told  now  for  the  first  time,  that  it  has  been 
interpreted  by  us  in  the  most  favorable  light,  and  every  generous, 
and  even  any  forbearing,  word  that  he  has  spoken  to  us  personally 
or  by  Mr.  Thouvenel,  has  awakened  the  kindest  sentiments  among 
the  American  people.  We  have  wished  so  well  to  France  and  to 
her  present  government,  that  we  have  not  suffered  ourselves  to 
attribute  to  the  one  or  the  other  any  of  the  unfriendly  or  unfeeling 
utterances  of  the  press  of  Paris  which  have  occasionally  reached  us. 
It  appeared  very  early  after  the  revolutionary  war  that  the  grati- 
tude of  the  people  of  the  United  States  for  the  aid  they  had 
received  from  France  in  that  struggle  was  a  sentiment  too  strong  to 
allow  them  to  divide  themselves  into  parties  upon  the  question  who 


334  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

shall  rule  in  France.  That  same  sentiment  lives  at  this  day.  We 
leave  that  question  to  Frenchmen,  and  only  desire  that,  to  whom- 
soever the  sway  is  confided,  he  may,  by  ruling  France  wisely 
and   Avell,   increase    her   power   and   advance   her   prosperity   and 

happiness. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Webb. 

July  21,  1802.  —  Your  able  despatch  brings  into  coincident  re- 
view the  aspects  of  slavery  in  the  two  countries,  which,  although 
very  widely  separated,  are  the  two  principal  states  on  this  conti- 
nent, and  the  only  two  which  tolerate  that  form  of  human  bondage. 
This  review,  at  the  same  time,  derives  great  interest  from  the  fact 
that  it  is  made  the  basis  for  suggesting  a  philanthropic  scheme  for 
effecting  the  relief  of  both  countries  from  the  evils  and  clangers 
with  which  you  assume  that  this  toleration  of  slavery  afflicts  them. 

Although  the  political  and  social  conditions  of  Brazil  and  the 
United  States  are  very  unlike,  they  do  not  entirely  disagree.  Each 
is  found  in  what  may  be  called  a  formative  and  not  in  a  settled  and 
fixed  stage.  In  the  former  there  are  besides  the  slaves  of  African 
descent  many  who  have  been  brought  as  captives  from  the  African 
coast.  In  the  latter,  practically  speaking,  there  are  only  native 
slaves  of  African  derivation.  In  Brazil  the  slave  is  generally  the 
only  laborer,  and  he  is  found  in  every  province.  In  the  United 
States  slaves  are  exceptional  from  the  general  prevailing  system  of 
free  white  labor,  and  are  found  in  only  a  section  and  not  through- 
out the  whole  country.  Under  the  circumstances  thus  described, 
each  of  these  two  countries  has  accepted  the  conviction  of  the  age 
that  the  African  slave  trade  is  injurious  and  inhuman,  and  has 
abolished  it,  and  thus  has  closed  the  original  fountain  of  supplies, 
leaving  the  cut-off  streams  replenished  only  from  diminutive  native 
springs,  to  shrink,  stagnate,  and  dry  up,  if  they  will. 

A  great  alteration  of  social  laws,  however  inevitable  and  however 
ultimately  beneficent,  must  necessarily  be  attended  with  immediate 
inconveniences,  and  often  with  violent  disturbances  and  convulsions. 
Governments,  in  cases  where  the  error  is  a  fundamental  one,  must 
make  the  desired  reform  as  early  as  possible,  but  at  the  same  time 
with  a  wise  moderation,  so  as  to  mitigate  the  immediate  evil  with- 
out losing  the  ultimate  objects  of  safety  and  improvement.  How 
to  practise  this  moderation  is  really  the  problem,  now  to  be  solved 
respectively  by  Brazil  and  the  United  States. 


SLAVERY   AND   COLONIZATION.  335 

You  tell  me  that  the  abolition  of  the  African  slave  trade  on  the 
part  of  Brazil  has  resulted  in  producing  a  scarceness  of  labor  and, 
of  course,  an  enhancement  of  the  value  of  the  slaves  ;  that  at  the 
same  time,  owing  to  a  great  increase  in  the  world's  consumption 
of  coffee,  there  is  an  exalted  demand  for  labor  to  produce  it  in 
Brazil ;  that  owing  to  these  circumstances  the  slaves  are  being 
rapidly  transferred  from  the  northern  provinces,  which  produce 
little  or  no  coffee,  to  the  southern  coffee-producing  provinces  ;  that 
discontent  pervades,  and  even  an  organized  conspiracy  exists  among 
the  slaves  to  prevent  the  increase  of  their  class,  and  that  for  this 
purpose  they  resort  even  to  the  fearful  practice  of  infanticide.  You 
tell  me,  also,  what  contemporaneous  information  confirms,  that 
owing  to  some  cause  emigration  from  Europe  into  Brazil  is  practi- 
cally unknown,  and  you  add  that  unless  some  remedy  is  applied  to 
these  evils  the  northern  provinces  will  be  exhausted  of  laborers  and 
will  relapse  into  their  early  colonial  condition,  and  attempts  will 
then  be  made  to  revive  the  enslavement  of  the  native  Indians. 

Casting  about  you  for  a  remedy  for  these  assumed  evils  in  Brazil 
you  not  unnaturally  turn  to  survey  the  condition  and  prospects  of 
slavery  as  it  lingers  in  the  United  States,  where  slaves  increase 
rapidly  in  number  instead  of  decreasing.  You  assume  that  many 
slaves  here  are  by  some  process  or  other  speedily  to  become  free, 
and  that  owing  to  the  native  and  exotic  augmentation  of  free  white 
men  the  slaves  so  becoming  freedmen  will  be  superfluous  as  labor- 
ers. I  understand  you,  but  perhaps  erroneously,  as  also  adopting 
an  idea  which  to  some  extent  prevails  here,  that  polic}'  requires 
the  removal  of  such  freedmen  of  African  descent  out  of  the  coun- 
try to  some  other,  where  they  could  be  kindly  welcomed  and  fur- 
nished with  homes  and  facilities  for  self-support,  and  in  a  reasona- 
ble time  elevated  to  the  privileges  of  members  of  the  political 
state.  Warned,  as  well  you  may  be,  by  this  humanitarian  aspect 
of  the  condition  of  the  two  countries,  you  think  that  you  discern 
the  finger  of  God  pointing  to  the  northern  provinces  of  Brazil 
as  the  land  of  promise,  rest,  and  restoration  of  the  slaves  now  in 
the  southern  states  of  this  Republic.  Thus  believing,  you  ask  from 
the  President  power  to  negotiate  a  treaty  to  effect  the  removal  of 
such  freedmen  from  their  present  homes  and  their  colonization  upon 
most  liberal  principles  in  Brazil.  The  President  cannot,  without 
further  consideration,  accede  to  this  request,  yet  you  are  not,  there- 


336  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

fore,  to  suppose  that  he  undervalues  either  the  motives  which  sug- 
gested it  or  the  grave  considerations  by  which  you  have  supported  it. 

You  are  aware  that  the  question  of  slavery  is  the  experimentum 
crucis  in  American  politics.  Slavery  is  the  cause  of  this  civil  war, 
and  debates  upon  the  present  treatment  and  ultimate  fate  of  slav- 
ery give  to  its  abettors  and  to  the  government  which  is  engaged  in 
suppressing  it  much  of  their  relative  strength.  Their  relative 
weakness  results  equally  from  the  same  debates. 

I  present  the  condition  of  the  debates  in  general  review,  not 
deeming  it  either  necessary  or  important  to  declare  opinions  on  the 
part  of  the  government  upon  any  of  the  propositions  involved.  If 
we  embrace  in  our  view  the  insurrectionary,  as  well  as  the  loyal 
regions  of  the  United  States,  it  may  justly  be  said  that  even  the 
question  whether  slavery  is  an  eradicable  evil  is  yet  open  and  vehe- 
mently discussed.  In  what  manner  and  by  what  process  slavery 
shall  be  brought  to  an  end,  whether  by  the  civil  authority  of  the 
states  which  tolerate  it  only,  or  whether  as  a  military  necessity  of 
the  present  civil  war  by  the  Federal  authority ;  and,  in  either  case, 
whether  the  abolition  shall  be  immediate  or  gradual,  with  compen- 
sation or  without;  who  shall  pay  such  compensation,  and  the  meas- 
ure of  it ;  whether  the  slaves  emancipated  shall  be  removed  or  be  suf- 
ered  to  remain  in  their  native  homes ;  how  removed,  and  at  whose 
cost;  whether  their  consent  shall  be  required  or  waived  ;  whether 
they  shall  be  removed  and  colonized ;  whether  they  shall  be  colon- 
ized within  our  own  jurisdiction,  and  on  what  terms,  or  in  some 
region  to  be  purchased  for  the  purpose,  and  over  which  the  Federal 
authority  shall  be  extended  for  their  protection,  making  them  an 
outpost  and  support  of  the  Republic,  and,  possibly,  a  burden  ;  or 
whether  in  some  central  or  South  American  country,  with  the  con- 
sent of  their  government,  and  relinquishing  to  such  government  the 
benefits  and  the  charges  of  the  colony,  what  country  or  countries, 
in  either  case,  shall  be  preferred  ?  All  these  questions  remain  a 
subject  of  earnest  but  as  yet  very  confused  discussion.  They  are, 
at  the  same  time,  questions  which  are  involved  in  the  proposition 
you  make.  You  know  that,  practically,  the  executive  authority 
cannot  lead  but  must  follow  the  popular  will  on  such  great  and 
vital  questions  as  collected  in  our  frequently  recurring  elections, 
and  expressed  by  the  Legislature  and  the  Senate  of  the  Union. 

It  must  not,  however,  be  inferred  that  the  uncertainty  of  the 


THE   QUESTION    OF  SLAVERY.  337 

public  mind,  which  I  have  described,  is  a  permanent  and  unchange- 
able one.  On  the  contrary,  the  national  mind  is  every  day  more 
directly  and  earnestly  fixed  upon  the  complex  problem,  and  it  ad- 
vances in  one  day  as  far  as  once  it  advanced  in  a  year.  The  solution 
of  it  in  all  its  branches  is  therefore  near  at  hand,  but  no  human 
wisdom  can  foresee  through  what  new  political  changes,  affecting 
the  subject,  the  nation  Is  to  pass  before  reaching  that  solution,  and 
how  not  only  the  policy  to  be  at  any  time  adopted  with  a  view  to 
ultimate  results,  but  even  the  results  themselves,  are  to  be  affected 
by  such  changes. 

If  now  we  consider  the  subject  practically  we  shall  see  our  case 
to  be  simply  this:  The  nation  has  decided,  and  decided  forever, 
first,  that  slavery  shall  not  henceforth  be  extended  under  our  flag 
over  territories  now  free  ;  secondly,  that  the  African  slave  trade 
shall  never  be  revived  or  renewed ;  thirdly,  that  slavery  shall  be 
forever  abolished  within  the  Federal  District  of  Columbia,  where  it 
has  heretofore  been  tolerated  ;  fourthly,  that  slaves  escaping  or  cap- 
tured from  disloyal  masters  in  this  civil  war  shall  not  be  restored  to 
slavery,  but  shall  be  free ;  and  fifthly,  that  slaves  so  escaping  or 
captured  by  the  national  forces  shall  be  employed  as  laborers  by 
them,  and  their  dependent  families  shall  be  temporarily  relieved  by 
military  and  naval  authorities  of  the  United  States.  Many  such 
persons  have  even  already  fallen  within  the  control  of  the  Federal 
government.  But  it  is  believed  no  more  than  the  provision  thus 
made  by  the  government,  together  with  casual  employment  by  pri- 
vate citizens,  can  establish  them  in  comfortable  circumstances  use- 
ful to  the  country.  Thus  far,  therefore,  the  surplus  for  whom  you 
propose  to  provide  does  not  exist,  and  hence  probably  the  uncer- 
tainty of  the  public  mind  in  regard  to  a  disposition  of  it  which  I 
have  described.  It  is  a  truism  that  most  governments  seldom,  and 
republican  governments  least  of  all,  practise  sufficient  foresight  to 
provide  prematurely  for  future  but  not  imminent  emergencies. 

We  shall  grow  wiser  every  year,  every  month,  and  every  day,  in 
regard  to  the  questions  I  have  been  considering,  because  public 
opinion  will  settle  and  guide  us  as  occasions  for  our  action  arise. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

August  2, 1862.  —  It  is  indeed  manifest  in  the  tone  of  the  speeches, 
as  well  as  in  the  general  tenor  of  popular  discussions,  that  neither 
22 


338  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

the  responsible  ministers,  nor  the  House  of  Commons,  nor  the  ac- 
tive portion  of  the  people  of  Great  Britain  sympathize  with  this 
government,  and  hope,  or  even  wish  for  its  success  in  suppressing 
the  insurrection  ;  and  that,  on  the  contrary,  the  whole  British  na- 
tion, speaking  practically,  desire  and  expect  the  dismemberment  of 
the  Republic.  I  cannot  deny  that  these  sentiments  must  insensibly 
influence  the  administration,  and  give  its  policy  a  hostile  direction. 
But  these  sentiments  are.  after  all,  in  a  great  measure  speculations  ; 
and  they  may  very  well  exist,  and  yet  the  government,  and  certain- 
ly the  people  of  Great  Britain,  may  be  entirely  unprepared  by  any 
responsible  action  to  attempt  to  precipitate  a  change  here  whose 
consequences  may  be  momentous,  even  to  themselves.  I  well  recol- 
lect that  with  what  seemed  to  us  far  better  motives,  Great  Britain 
recently  wished  and  expected  the  separation  of  Hungar}-  and  of 
Venice  from  Austria ;  and  yet  the  government  passively  looked  on„ 
and  saw  the  revolutions  designed  to  effect  those  ends  languish  and 
perish.  It  is  a  proverb  that  the  earth  is  full  of  good  but  unexe- 
cuted intentions.  Happily  for  human  society,  the  proportion  of 
evil  intentions  unfulfilled  is  equally  great.  Indeed,  we  can  hardly 
be  surprised  at  the  disposition  and  the  tendencies  upon  which  1  ;;m 
dwelling,  unless  we  shall  persist,  after  so  much  opposing  evidence, 
in  our  early  error  of  conceding  to  Great  Britain  a  degree  of  mag- 
nanimity which  she  herself  does  not  even  affect  to  claim,  and  which, 
perhaps,  has  never  yet  been  exhibited  by  any  nation.  We  cannot 
forget  that  we  are  a  younger  branch  of  the  British  family ;  that 
we  have  not  been  especially  reverential  of  the  senior  branch,  and 
have  even  been  ambitious  to  surpass  it  in  wealth,  power,  and  influ- 
ence among  the  nations.  To  these  facts  it  is  to  be  added  that,  in 
the  very  heat  of  competition,  we  have  broken,  have  abandoned  the 
course,  and  have  divided  ourselves  into  suicidal  factions.  The  suc- 
cess of  the  insurgents  would  make  it  sure  that  the  race  could  never 
be  resumed,  while  the  triumph  of  the  government  would  probably 
reanimate  the  national  ambition  once  more.  At  t'lis  moment  we 
have  encountered  an  unexpected  reverse,  which  encourages  our 
eager  enemies,  wherever  they  may  be,  to  hope  for  our  signal  and 
complete  overthrow. 1  Did  ever  any  nation,  at  once  so  presumptu- 
ous, yet  so  unwise,  and  so  apparently  unfortunate,  secure  the  abso- 
lute forbearance  of  a  rival  it  had  boldly  challenged  ?     Certainly 

i  The  seren  days'  battles  before  Richmond. 


INTERVENTION   DISCUSSED.  339 

not,  and  therefore  I  reckon  not  upon  any  sentimental  forbearance 
of  the  British  government.  The  American  people  understand,  as 
well  as  their  government  does,  that  none  is  to  be  expected  or  even 
desired.  Still  the  disfavor  of  Great  Britain  is  inherently  illiberal ; 
and  happily  the  unwarrantable  and  too  unreserved  exhibition  of  it 
naturally  rouses  the  American  people  to  a  sense  of  their  danger, 
and  tends  to  recall  them  from  unworthy  domestic  strife  to  the  ne- 
cessity of  regaining  the  national  prestige  they  have  so  unwisely  lost. 
Allowing  now  British  prejudice  and  passion  their  full  effect,  the 
government  of  Great  Britain  must,  nevertheless,  be  expected  to  act 
with  a  due  regard  to  the  safety,  honor,  and  welfare  of  the  British 
empire.  Great  Britain  is  at  peace  with  the  whole  United  States, 
and  practically  with  the  whole  world.  Manufactures  and  commerce 
do,  indeed,  suffer  derangement  and  abatement  in  consequence  of  our 
civil  war.  This  war,  however,  like  every  other,  must  come  to  an 
end  in  some  way,  and  at  some  not  distant  time,  if  she  continue  to 
stand  aloof ;  and  when  that  end  shall  have  come,  whatever  its  na- 
ture may  be,  she  will  enjoy,  at  least,  all  the  benefits  that  she  could 
in  any  event  obtain  by  intervention  to  compel  a  peace.  Is  it  proba- 
ble that  her  intervention  would  mitigate  the  war,  or  alleviate  the 
embarrassment  she  is  suffering  from  it?  The  question  seems  to 
involve  a  preliminary  one,  namely  :  What  is  to  be  the  character  of 
her  intervention?  Is  it  to  be  merely  a  moral  one,  or  an  act  of 
recognition,  with  a  declaration  of  neutrality,  but  not  respecting  our 
blockade,  and  not  refraining  and  restraining  her  subjects  from  vio- 
lating it?  Shall  we  not,  in  that  case,  be  justified  in  withdrawing 
the  relaxation  of  the  blockade  we  have  already  made,  and  in  clos- 
ing the  ports  we  have  opened  to  her  commerce  ?  If  we  should  do 
this,  would  her  recognition  of  the  insurgents  shorten  the  war,  or 
would  it  alleviate  the  embarrassment  she  suffers  from  it  ?  But  it 
may  be  answered  that  she  would  not  consent  to  surrender  these  con- 
cessions, and  would  resort  to  force  to  save  them.  Then  Great  Brit- 
ain would  violate  belligerent  rights  allowed  us  by  the  law  of 
nations,  and  would  become  an  ally  of  our  domestic  enemies  ;  and 
then  she  would  be  at  war  with  us  while,  at  least,  some  other  com- 
mercial state  would  be  maintaining  towards  us  relations  of  neutrality 
and  peace.  Would  Great  Britain  profit  by  a  war  with  us  ?  Cer- 
tainly neither  nation  could  profit  by  the  war  while* it  should  be  in 
actual  operation.     But  it  is  said  she  might  divide  and  conquer  us. 


340  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

What  would  she  gain  by  that  ?  Would  the  whole  or  any  part  of  tlifl 
United  States  accept  her  sovereignty  and  submit  to  her  authority  ? 
The  United  States,  under  their  present  organization  and  Constitu- 
tion, must  always  be  a  peaceful  nation,  practically  friendly  to  Great 
Britain,  as  well  as  to  all  foreign  states,  and  so  they  must  always  be 
conservative  of  the  peace  of  nations.  Let  this  organization  be 
struck  down  by  any  foreign  combinations,  what  guarantee  could 
Great  Britain  then  have  of  influence  or  favor,  or  even  commercial 
advantage  to  be  derived  from  this  country?  Even  if  this  nation, 
after  having  lost  its  liberties  and  its  independence,  should  remain 
practically  passive,  who  is  to  restrain  the  ambitions 'of  European 
states  for  influence  and  dominion  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic;  and 
how  long,  under  the  agitation  of  such  ambitions,  could  Europe  ex- 
pect  to  remain  in  peace  with  itself  ?  But  what  warrant  have  the 
British  government  for  expecting  to  conquer  the  United  States,  and 
to  subjugate  and  desolate  them,  or  to  dictate  to  them  terms  of 
peace.  A  war  urged  against  us  by  Great  Britain  could  not  fail  to 
reunite  our  people.  Every  sacrifice  that  their  independence  could 
require  would  be  cheerfully  and  instantly  made,  and  every  force 
and  every  resource  which  has  hitherto  been  held  in  reserve  in  a 
civil  war,  because  the  necessity  for  immediately  using  it  has  not 
been  felt,  would  be  brought  into  requisition.  I  shall  not  willingly 
believe  that  Great  Britain  deliberately  desires  such  a  war,  as  I  am 
sure  that  every  honorable  and  generous  effort  will  be  made  by  the 
United  States  to  avoid  it. 

In  the  second  place,  I  observe  that  apprehensions  of  a  change  of 
attitude  by  Great  Britain  are  built  in  some  degree  upon  the  sup- 
posed probability  that  very  serious  reverses  to  the  national  cause- 
may  occur.  None  such,  however,  have  yet  occurred.  We  cannot 
and  do  not  pretend  to  reckon  upon  the  chances  of  a  single  battle  or 
a  single  campaign.  Such  chances  are,  perhaps,  happily  beyond 
human  control  and  even  human  foresight.  But  the  general  course 
of  the  war  and  its  ultimate  results  are  subjects  of  calculation,  on  a 
survey  of  forces  and  circumstances  with  the  aid  of  experience.  We 
cheerfully  leave  the  study  of  the  probabilities  of  this  war,  in  this 
way,  to  all  statesmen  and  governments  whom  it  may  concern,  de- 
claring for  ourselves  that  while  we  apprehend  no  immediate  danger 
to  the  present  Military  condition,  the  most  serious  reverses  which 
can  happen  will  not  produce  one  moment's  hesitation  on  the  part 


INTERVENTION   DISCUSSED.  341 

of  the  government  or  the  people  of  the  United  States  in  the  pur- 
pose of  maintaining  the  Union,  or  sensibly  shake  their  confidence 
in  a  triumphant  conclusion  of  the  war. 

I  shall  not  here  add  to  the  explanation  which  I  have  made  on 
other  occasions  of  our  means  and  resources  for  meeting  a  final  trial 
of  the  national  strength  and  the  national  virtue.  Rather  than  do 
this,  I  willingly  turn  away  from  the  spectacle  of  servile  war  and 
war  abroad  —  of  military  devastation  on  land,  and  of  a  carnival  of 
public  and  private  cupidity  on  the  seas,  which  has  been  presented 
tome  —  to  set  down  with  calmness  some  reflections  calculated  to. 
avert  an  issue  so  unnecessary  and  so  fatal,  which  you  may  possibly 
find  suitable  occasion  for  suggesting  to  the  rulers  of  Great  Britain. 
For  what  was  this  great  continent  brought  up,  as  it  were,  from  the 
depths  of  what  before  had  been  known  as  "  the  dark  and  stormy 
ocean  ? "  Did  the  European  states  which  found  and  occupied  it, 
almost  without  effort,  then  understand  its  real  destiny  and  pur- 
poses? Have  they  ever  yet  fully  understood  and  accepted  them  ? 
Has  anything  but  disappointment  upon  disappointment,  and  disas- 
ter upon  disaster,  resulted  from  their  misapprehensions?  After 
near  four  hundred  years  of  such  disappointments  and  disasters  is 
the  way  of  Providence  in  regard  to  America  still  so  mysterious  that 
it  cannot  be  understood  and  confessed  ?  Columbus,  it  was  said,  had 
given  a  new  world  to  the  kingdoms  of  Castile  and  Leon.  What 
has  become  of  the  sovereignty  of  Spain  in  America?  Richelieu 
occupied  and  fortified  a  large  portion  of  the  continent,  extending 
from  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  to  the  Straits  of  Belleisle.  Does  France 
yet  retain  that  important  appendage  to  the  crown  of  her  sovereign? 
Great  Britain  acquired  a  dominion  here  surpassing,  by  a  hundred- 
fold in  length  and  breadth,  the  native  realm.  Has  not  a  large  por- 
tion of  it  been  already  formally  resigned  ?  To  whom  have  these 
vast  dominions,  with  those  founded  by  the  Portuguese,  the  Dutch, 
and  the  Swedes,  been  resigned  but  to  American  nations,  the  growth 
«»f  European  colonists,  and  exiles  who  have  come  hither  bringing 
with  them  the  arts,  the  civilization,  and  the  virtues  of  Europe? 
Has  not  the  change  been  beneficial  to  society  on  this  continent  ? 
Has  it  not  been  more  beneficial  even  to  Europe  itself  than  contin- 
ued European  domination,  if  it  had  been  possible,  could  have  been? 
The  American  nations  which  have  grown  up  here  are  free  and  self- 


342  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

governing.  They  have  made  themselves  so  from  inherent  vigor 
and  in  obedience  to  an  absolute  necessity.  Is  it  possible  for 
European  states  to  plunge  them  again  into  a  colonial  state  and  hold 
them  there?  Would  it  be  desirable  for  them  and  for  Europe,  if  it 
were  possible  ?  The  balance  of  power  among  the  nations  of  Eui'ope 
is  maintained  not  without  numerous  strong  armies  and  frequent 
conflicts,  while  the  sphere  of  political  ambition  there  is  bounded  by 
the  ocean  which  surrounds  that  continent.  Would  it  be  possible  to 
maintain  it  at  all  if  this  vast  continent,  with  all  its  populations, 
their  resources,  and  their  forces,  should  once  again  be  brought 
within  that  sphere?  If  we,  who  rightfully  dwell  on  this  continent, 
with  all  the  inducements  to  peace,  harmonj^  and  good  order  which 
so  fortunate  a  position  creates,  cannot  remain  at  peace  among  our- 
selves, even  when  free  from  foreign  interference,  does  Europe  ex- 
pect that  we  will  be  reduced  and  kept  in  the  harmony  which  her 
interests  require  when  the  jealousies  and  ambitions  of  all  Europe 
are  engrafted  upon  the  stock  of  our  native  dissensions?  Again: 
Spain  undertook  to  plant  and  establish  here  a  system  of  Indian 
slavery,  with  what  success  I  need  not  answer.  Portugal,  Spain, 
and  Great  Britain,  with  more  labor,  wealth,  and  consummate  skill, 
undertook  to  establish  African  slavery.  It  has  perished  from  the 
whole  continent  except  Brazil  and  the  United  States.  Now,  when 
the  social  system  of  the  United  States  is  convulsed  with  the  agony 
of  slavery  here,  is  it  desirable  that  slavery  should  be  revived  and 
perpetuated,  and  the  Republic  perish  for  refusing  it  unbounded  ex- 
pansion and  duration  ?  Is  it  wise  for  Europe  to  attempt  to  rescue 
slavery?  Is  it  possible,  if  the  attempt  shall  be  made?  On  the 
contrary  of  all  these  suppositions,  is  it  not  manifest  that  these 
American  nations  were  called  into  existence  to  be  the  home  of  free- 
men ;  that  the  states  of  Europe  have  been  trusted  by  Providence 
with  their  tutelage,  but  that  tutelage  and  all  its  responsibilities 
and  powers  are  necessarily  withdrawn  to  the  relief  and  benefit  of 
the  parties  and  of  mankind  when  these  parties  become  able  to 
choose  their  own  system  of  government  and  to  make  and  administer 
their  own  laws?  If  they  err  in  this  choice,  or  in  the  conduct  of 
their  affairs,  it  will  be  found  wise  to  leave  them,  like  all  other 
states,  the  privilege  and  responsibility  of  detecting  and  correct- 
ing the  error  by  which  they  are,  of  course,  the  principal  suf- 
ferers. 


FOREIGN  AND   DOMESTIC   AFFAIRS.  343 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Cameron. 

August  13,  1862.  —  The  information  you  have  given  us  concern- 
ing the  antagonism  to  our  cause  and  our  institutions  which  you  have 
discerned  in  Europe  is  confirmed  by  despatches  and  reports  from 
nearly  all  our  representatives  abroad.  We  therefore  accept  it  as  a 
fact  belonging  to  our  case.  But  I  trust  that  you  as  well  as  all  our 
representatives  abroad,  are  fully  prepared,  without  special  instruc- 
tions, to  meet  and  oppose  it  as  circumstances  require.  So  far  as 
the  hostility  you  have  described  results  from  a  dislike  of  our  re- 
publican institutions,  I  need  only  say  that  those  institutions  have 
been  adopted  by  our  choice  for  ourselves,  not  for  any  other  nation 
or  people.  They  are  forced  or  thrust  on  no  other  people.  If  they 
are  not  perfectly  adapted  to  the  condition  of  society  which  exists 
here,  they  will  perish  without  foreigu  intervention  ;  if  they  are  so 
adapted,  they  will  not  fall  before  any  combination  that  may  array 
itself  against  them.  So  far  as  that  hostility  grows  out  of  commercial 
and  maritime  losses  which  European  nations  suffer  in  consequence 
of  the  war,  I  trust  that  you  find  no  difficulty  in  showing  them,  first, 
that  the  civil  war  has  resulted  from  no  act,  choice,  or  policy  of  the 
government,  but  from  an  unnecessary,  unprincipled,  and  wanton 
rebellion ;  that  to  resist  and  suppress  that  insurrection  is  a  neces- 
sity for  the  government,  while  that  resistance  becomes  a  duty  in  the 
interest  of  government  everywhere,  and  even  in  the  interest  of  soci- 
ety itself.  If  the  causes  of  the  war,  or  the  probable  results  of  it, 
are  debated,  I  am  sure  that  you  will  have  no  difficulty  in  defending 
the  rights  of  man  against  the  aggravation  and  perpetuation  of 
human  slavery.  To  all  complaints  against  this  as  a  protracted  war, 
you  can  answer,  first,  that  it  is  those  European  nations  which 
make  the  complaint  which  have  protracted  the  war  by  conceding 
belligerent  rights  to  the  insurgents,  and  by  exhibitions  of  sympathy 
with  them,  encouraging  them  to  expect  recognition,  aid  or  sym- 
pathy ;  and,  secondly,  that  Europe  can  have  the  war  end  just  so 
soon  as  the  ruling  classes  on  that  continent  shall  be  content  to  en- 
dure the  existence  of  the  United  States  hereafter,  as  heretofore,  one 
united,  sovereign,  inoffensive  people. 

We  certainly  have  all  the  desire  to  avoid  controversies  or  contests 
with  foreign  powers  which  a  constitutional  predisposition  towards 
peace,  and  a  generous  spirit  of  beneficent  enterprise  inspire,  to  say 


344  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

nothing  of  the  anxiety  which,  in  view  of  our  disturbed  condition, 
alarms  of  foreign  intervention  must  necessarily  awaken.  Under  the 
influence  of  these  and  other  motives,  with  which  you  are  so  well 
acquainted  that  I  need  not  specially  refer  to  them,  we  are  doing  all 
that  lies  in  our  power  to  prosecute  the  war  with  the  vigor  you  so 
sagaciously  recommend,  and  to  win  the  victories  you  justly  deem  so 
important  for  foreign  effect.  I  trust  that  under  the  energetic 
administration  of  our  new  commanding  general1  these  results  will 
be  attained.  But  after  all  I  cannot  forget,  in  a  crisis  like  this,  that 
there  is  a  power  higher  than  any  hum  m  government  that  regulates 
the  course  of  affairs  as  well  in  war  as  in  peace,  and  that  gives  and 
withholds  victories  at  His  pleasure,  while  He  tries  the  virtue  of  na- 
tions. I  should  not  despair,  therefore,  if  our  present  expectations, 
which  seem  to  me  so  reliable,  should  be  disappointed.  If,  in  conse- 
quence of  that  disappointment,  we  are  destined,  as  you  seem  to 
imagine,  to  a  contest  with  foreign  powers,  I  trust  that  even  in  that 
extreme  case  we  shall  be  found  not  altogether  unprepared  for  the 
issue.  When  that  issue  comes  to  trial  the  mere  politicians  will  sink 
in  Europe,  and  the  people  will  arise.  Politicians  see  only  interests 
and  ambition  in  the  conduct  of  human  affairs.  On  the  contrary, 
every  people  always  seek  to  know  and  to  do  just  what  is  right. 
There  is,  as  it  seems  to  us,  nothing  new  in  the  antagonism  of  Euro- 
pean sentiment  which  you  describe.  The  world  sees  the  same  feel- 
ing reveal  itself  anew  whenever  a  nation  or  people  blessed  above 
other  nations  divides  and  delivers  itself  over  to  civil  strife.  Prob- 
ably it  is  a  divine  and  therefore  a  wise  appointment.  But  foreign 
nations  may  be  reminded  that  there  seldom  is  a  national  division 
which  foreign  intervention  fails  to  heal,  and  a  nation  once  healed  by 
that  severe  remedy  is  stronger  than  ever  before.  Moreover,  it  is 
not  every  national  impulse  or  any  mere  national  prejudice,  however 
strong,  that  wise  governments  will  accept  as  a  sufficient  justifi- 
cation for  war.  I  cannot  believe  that  any  European  state  will 
cross  the  ocean  to  make  war  with  us  without  examining  the 
grounds  of  offence,  calculating  the  results,  and  counting  the  cost. 
Whenever  any  government  does  this,  it  will  find  powerful  im- 
pulses affecting  it  in  favor  of  peace  and  friendship  with  the  United 
States. 

1  General  Halleck. 


EMANCIPATION   FORESHADOWED.  345 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

September  22,  1862.  —  You  will  receive  by  the  post  which  con- 
veys this  despatch  evidences  that  the  aggressive  movement  of  the 
insurgents  against  the  loyal  states  is  arrested,  and  that  the  renewed 
and  reinvigorated  forces  of  the  Union  are  again  prepared  for  a  new 
and  comprehensive  campaign.  If  you  consult  the  public  journals 
you  will  easily  learn  that  the  financial  strength  of  the  insurrection 
is  rapidly  declining,  and  that  its  ability  to  bring  soldiers  into  the 
field  has  been  already  taxed  to  its  utmost.  You  will  perceive,  on 
the  other  hand,  that  the  fiscal  condition  of  the  country  is  sound,  and 
that  the  response  to  the  calls  for  new  levies  is  being  made  promptly, 
without  drawing  seriously  upon  the  physical  strength  of  the 
people. 

I  have  heretofore  indicated  to  our  representatives  abroad  the 
approach  of  a  change  in  the  organization  of  society  in  the  insurrec- 
tionary states.  That  change  continues  to  reveal  itself  more  dis- 
tinctly every  day.  In  the  judgment  of  the  President  the  time  has 
come  for  setting  forth  the  great  fact  distinctly  for  the  serious 
consideration  of  the  people  in  those  states,  and  for  giving  them  to 
understand  that  if  they  will  persist  in  forcing  upon  the  country  a 
choice  between  the  dissolution  of  this  necessary  and  beneficent  gov- 
ernment or  a  relinquishment  of  the  protection  of  slavery,  it  is  the 
Union,  and  not  slavery,  that  must  be  maintained  and  preserved. 
With  this  view  the  President  has  issued  a  proclamation  in  which  he 
gives  notice  that  slavei-y  will  be  no  longer  recognized  in  any  state 
which  shall  be  found  in  armed  rebellion  on  the  first  of  January 
next.  While  good  and  wise  men  of  all  nations  will  confess  that  this 
is  just  and  proper  as  a  military  proceeding  for  the  relief  of  the 
country  from  a  desolating  and  exhausting  civil  war,  they  will  at  the 
same  time  acknowledge  the  moderation  and  magnanimity  with  which 
the  government  proceeds  in  a  transaction  of  such  great  solemnity 
and  importance. 

By  the  President  of  the  United  States  of  America. 

A   PROCLAMATION. 

I,  Abraham  Lincoln,  President  of  the  United  States  of  America, 

and  commander-in-chief  of  the  army  and  navy  thereof,  do  hereby 

proclaim  and  declare  that  hereafter,  as  heretofore,  the  war  will  be 


346  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

prosecuted  for  the  object  of  practically  restoring  the  constitutional 
relation  between  the  United  States  and  each  of  the  states  and  the 
people  thereof,  in  which  states  that  relation  is  or  may  be  suspected 
or  disturbed. 

That  it  is  my  purpose,  upon  the  next  meeting  of  Congress,  to 
again  recommend  the  adoption  of  a  practical  measure  tendering 
pecuniary  aid  to  the  free  acceptance  or  rejection  of  all  slave  states, 
so  called,  the  people  whereof  may  not  then  be  in  rebellion  against 
the  United  States,  and  which  states  may  then  have  voluntarily 
adopted,  or  thereafter  may  voluntarily  adopt,  immediate  or  gradual 
abolishment  of  slavery  within  their  respective  limits ;  and  that  the 
effort  to  colonize  persons  of  African  descent  with  their  consent  upon 
this  continent  or  elsewhere,  with  the  previously  obtained  consent  of 
the  governments  existing  there,  will  be  continued. 

That  on  the  first  day  of  January,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  one 
thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-three,  all  persons  held  as  slaves 
within  any  state  or  designated  part  of  a  state,  the  people  whereof 
shall  then  be  in  rebellion  against  the  United  States,  shall  be  then, 
thenceforward,  and  forever  free ;  and  the  executive  government  of 
the  United  States,  including  the  military  and  naval  authority  there- 
of, will  recognize  and  maintain  the  freedom  of  such  persons,  and 
will  do  no  act  or  acts  to  repress  such  persons,  or  any  of  them,  in  any 
efforts  they  may  make  for  their  actual  freedom. 

That  the  Executive  will,  on  the  first  day  of  January  aforesaid,  by 
proclamation,  designate  the  states  and  parts  of  states,  if  any,  in 
which  the  people  thereof,  respectively,  shall  then  be  in  rebellion 
against  the  United  States  ;  and  the  fact  that  any  state,  or  the  people 
thereof,  shall  on  that  day  be,  in  good  faith,  represented  in  the  Con- 
gress of  the  United  States  by  members  chosen  thereto  at  elections 
wherein  a  majority  of  the  qualified  voters  of  such  state  shall  have 
participated,  shall,  in  the  absence  of  strong  countervailing  testimony, 
be  deemed  conclusive  evidence  that  such  state,  and  the  people  there- 
of, are  not  then  in  rebellion  against  the  United  States. 

That  attention  is  hereby  called  to  an  act  of  Congress  entitled 
"  An  act  to  make  an  additional  article  of  war,"  approved  March  13, 
1862,  and  which  act  is  in  the  words  and  figure  following : 

"  Be  it  enacted  by  the  Senate  and  House  of  Representatives  of  the 
United  States  of  America  in  Congress  assembled,  That  hereafter  the 
following  shall  be  promulgated  as  an  additional  article  of  war  for 


EMANCIPATION   FORESHADOWED.  347 

the  government  of  the  army  of  the  United  States,  and  shall  be 
obeyed  and  observed  as  such  :  — 

"  Article  — .  All  officers  or  persons  in  the  military  or  naval 
service  of  the  United  States  are  prohibited  from  employing  any  of 
the  forces  under  their  respective  commands  for  the  purpose  of  re- 
turning fugitives  from  service  or  labor  who  may  have  escaped  from 
any  persons  to  whom  such  service  or  labor  is  claimed  to  be  due,  and 
any  officer  who  shall  be  found  guilty  by  a  court-martial  of  violating 
this  article  shall  be  dismissed  from  the  service. 

"  Sec.  2.  And  be  it  further  enacted,  That  this  act  shall  take  effect 
from  and  after  its  passage." 

Also  to  the  ninth  and  tenth  sections  of  an  act  entitled  u  An  act  to 
suppress  insurrection,  to  punish  treason  and  rebellion,  to  seize  and 
confiscate  property  of  rebels,  and  for  other  purposes,"  approved  July 
17,  1862,  and  which  sections  are  in  the  words  and  figures  fol- 
lowing :  — 

"  Sec.  9.  And  be  it  further  enacted,  That  all  slaves  of  persons 
who  shall  hereafter  be  engaged  in  rebellion  against  the  government 
of  the  United  States,  or  who  shall  in  any  way  give  aid  or  comfort 
thereto,  escaping  from  such  persons  and  taking  refuge  within  the 
lines  of  the  army ;  and  all  slaves  captured  from  such  persons  or 
deserted  by  them,  and  coming  under  the  control  of  the  government 
of  the  United  States  ;  and  all  slaves  of  such  persons  found  on  [or] 
being  within  any  place  occupied  by  rebel  forces  and  afterwards  occu- 
pied by  the  forces  of  the  United  States,  shall  be  deemed  captives  of 
war,  and  shall  be  forever  free  of  their  servitude,  and  not  again  held 
as  slaves. 

"Sec.  10.  And  be  it  further  enacted,  That  no  slave  escaping  into 
any  state,  territory,  or  the  District  of  Columbia,  from  any  other 
state,  shall  be  delivered  up,  or  in  any  way  impeded  or  hindered  of 
his  liberty,  except  for  crime,  or  some  offence  against  the  laws,  un- 
less the  person  claiming  said  fugitive  shall  first  make  oath  that  the 
person  to  whom  the  labor  or  service  of  such  fugitive  is  alleged  to  be 
due  is  his  lawful  owner,  and  has  not  borne  arms  against  the  United 
States  in  the  present  rebellion,  nor  in  any  way  given  aid  and  com- 
fort thereto ;  and  no  person  engaged  in  the  military  or  naval  service 
of  the  United  States  shall,  under  any  pretence  whatever,  assume  to 
decide  on  the  validity  of  the  claim  of  any  person  to  the  service  or 
labor  of  any  other  person,  or  surrender  up  any  such  person  to  the 
claimant,  on  pain  of  being  dismissed  from  the  service." 


348  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 

And  I  do  hereby  enjoin  upon  and  order  all  persons  engaged  in  the 
military  and  naval  service  of  the  United  States  to  observe,  obey, 
and  enforce,  within  their  respective  spheres  of  service,  the  act  and 
sections  above  recited. 

And  the  Executive  will  in  due  time  recommend  that  all  citizens 
of  the  United  States  who  shall  have  remained  loyal  thereto  through- 
out the  rebellion  shall  (upon  the  restoration  of  the  constitutional 
relation  between  the  United  States  and  their  respective  states  and 
people,  if  that  relation  shall  have  been  suspended  or  disturbed)  be 
compensated  for  all  losses  by  acts  of  the  United  States,  including  the 
loss  of  slaves. 

In  witness  whereof,  I  have  hereunto  set  my  hand,  and 
caused  the  seal  of  the  United  States  to  be  affixed.  Done  at 
[l.  S.]  the  city  of  Washington  this  twenty-second  day  of  September, 
in  the  year  of  our  Lord  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  six- 
ty-two, and  of  the  Independence  of  the  United  States  the 
eighty -seventh. 

ABRAHAM  LINCOLN. 
By  the  President : 

Wm.  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Fogg. 

August  14,  1862.  —  I  have  received  the  Count  de  Gasparin's  new 
volume,  and  I  have  made  an  especial  acknowledgment  to  the  dis- 
tinguished author  of  our  national  obligations  for  the  timely  and 
noble  service  he  has  rendered  to  our  cause. 

Ambition  is,  I  believe,  a  universal  passion.  Few,  however,  have 
the  wisdom  to  direct  it.  When  this  storm  of  passion  which  has 
lashed  the  customarily  peaceful  elements  here  into  such  wild  com- 
motion, perplexing  and  confounding  the  statesmen  and  philanthro- 
pists of  other  nations,  shall  have  passed  away,  and  the  United 
States  shall  reappear  among  the  nations  more  free,  more  united, 
more  prosperous  and  happy  than  ever  before,  who  is  there  in  Europe 
that  will  not  wish  that,  like  the  Count  de  Gasparin,  he  had  had  the 
generous  sagacity  to  be  their  friend  and  advocate  ?  If,  indeed,  a 
different  result  were  possible,  and  if  this  great  nation  could  sud- 
denly desist  and  fall  off  from  its  beneficent  career,  what  prouder  dis- 
tinction could  human  genius  desire  than  the  acknowledgment  which 
the  Count  de  Gasparin  must,  in  that  case,  receive,  that  he,  bound  to 


IMMIGRATION   DESIRED.  349 

the  country  by  no  ties  but  those  of  a  common  humanity,  had 
labored  to  prevent  the  great  calamity  which  the  world  would  surely 
then  so  soon  perceive,  and  so  universally  deplore. 

Doubtless  you  are  right  in  supposing  that  it  is  difficult  for  the 
truth  in  relation  to  the  social  condition  of  this  country  to  make  its 
way  to  the  people  of  Europe  against  the  statements  of  an  interested 
or  prejudiced  press.  But  the  great  facts  of  millions  of  acres  of  unoc- 
cupied and  fertile  lands  awaiting  cultivators,  and  increasing  demands 
for  bread  for  our  own  growing  armies,  manufacturing  towns,  and 
mining  districts,  while  there  is  a  diversion  by  the  hundreds  of  thou- 
sands of  our  industrial  population  into  the  occupations  of  war,  must 
in  the  end  overcome  all  misrepresentations  and  reach  classes  in 
Europe  who  are  suffering  for  want  of  employment.  It  is  not  prac- 
tically true  that  there  is  a  deficiency  of  soldiers  in  the  country.  All 
the  early  requisitions  were  promptly  filled.  Four  hundred  thousand 
have  volunteered  within  two  months  under  the  two  last  calls  for  an 
aggregate  of  six  hundred  thousand,  and  one  month  more  will  bring 
in  the  remainder  almost  without  a  doubt.  On  the  other  hand,  those 
who  emigrate  can  choose  peaceful  labor  or  military  service  when 
they  arrive,  as  the  armies  are  always  ready  for  recruits  to  fill  vacan- 
cies. I  trust,  therefore,  that  immigration  will  prove  more  rapid 
than  you  have  apprehended. 

The  subject  of  favoring  military  immigration  by  offering  special 
inducements  in  Europe  has  been  often  submitted  to  the  War  De- 
partment, but  it  has  not  yet  thought  it  necessary  or  expedient  to 
adopt  any  means  of  that  kind. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr,  Adams. 

August  18,  1862.  —  While  the  nation  is  convulsed  with  a  civil 
strife  of  unexampled  proportions,  it  would  be  presumptuous,  peril- 
ous, and  criminal  to  court  or  provoke  foreign  wars.  Reviewing  the 
whole  course  of  the  existing  administration,  I  may  safely  claim  that 
it  shows  that,  even  if  the  government  had  been  left  at  liberty  to 
conduct  its  foreign  relations,  altogether  irrespectively  of  the  civil 
war,  it  would  yet  have  chosen  and  maintained  a  policy  of  peace, 
harmony,  and  friendship  towards  all  nations.  It  is  certainly  our  es- 
pecial care,  under  existing  circumstances,  to  do  no  injustice,  to  give 
no  offence,  and  to  offer  and  receive  explanations  in  a  liberal  spirit 
whenever  they  are  possible,  and  thus  to  make  sure  that  if,  at  any 


350  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 

time,  either  accidentally  or  through  the  intrigues  of  the  insurgents, 
we  shall  incur  the  misfortune  of  collision  with  foreign  states, 
our  position  will  then  be  one  of  pure  and  reproachless  self-de- 
fence. 

The  nation  has  a  right,  and  it  is  its  duty,  to  live.  Those  who 
favor  and  give  aid  to  the  insurrection,  upon  whatever  pretext,  assail 
the  nation  in  an  hour  of  danger,  and  therefore  they  cannot  be  held 
or  regarded  as  its  friends.  In  taking  this  ground,  the  United  States 
claim  only  what  they  concede  to  all  other  nations.  No  state  can 
be  really  independent  in  any  other  position. 

Willing,  however,  to  avert  difficulties  by  conciliatory  explanations, 
we  frankly  confess  to  the  conviction  that  either  the  insurrection 
must  be  subdued  and  suppressed  or  the  nation  must  perish.  The 
case  admits  of  no  composition.  If  we  have  no  fear  of  failure,  it  is 
because  we  know  that  no  other  government  than  this  could  stand 
in  this  country,  and  that  permanent  dismemberment  of  it  is  impos- 
sible. The  principal  masses  of  the  population  are  content  with  the 
present  system,  and  cannot  be  brought  to  oppose  or  to  surrender  it. 
The  faction  which  is  attempting  to  destroy  it,  although  infatuated 
and  energetic,  is,  relatively  to  the  whole  people,  an  inconsiderable 
one.  The  natural  highways  of  the  country,  extended  sounds  and 
lakes,  and  long,  widely  branching  rivers,  combined  with  its  artificial 
roads,  are  bonds  which  can  neither  be  removed  nor  permanently 
broken  by  any  mere  political  force  whatsoever.  The  so-called  Gulf 
States  need  the  free  use  of  all  these  highways,  and  those  who  dwell 
upon  their  borders  will  not  consent  to  be  shut  out  from  the  ocean. 
The  wealth  and  patronage  of  the  whole  nation  are  needful  to  perfect 
civilization  on  the  Pacific  coast,  and  the  Atlantic  States  must  for- 
ever derive  protection  and  support  from  the  recesses  of  the  conti- 
nent. Those  who  are  attempting  to  break  up  the  Union  must 
either  substitute  new  commercial  and  social  connection  for  the 
highways  now  existing,  or  they  must  invent  and  establish  a  new 
political  system  which  will  preserve  them.  Nature  opposes  the 
former  project.  The  wit  of  man  fails  to  suggest  not  merely  a  bet- 
ter political  system,  having  the  same  objects  as  the  present  Union, 
but  even  any  possible  substitute  for  it. 

If  it  be  said  that  these  arguments  are  disposed  of  by  the  fact  that 
civil  war  has  occurred  in  defiance  of  them,  I  answer  that  the  civil 
war  is  not  yet  ended.     If  it  be  replied  that  at  least  there  is  a  mani- 


LIMITS   TO   CIVIL   WAR.  351 

fest  danger  of  dissolution  of  the  Union,  I  rejoin  that  the  occurrence 
of  the  civil  war  at  most  proves  only  that  in  this  country,  as  in  every 
other,  it  is  possible  for  faction  to  interrupt  the  course  of  civil  ad- 
ministration and  to  substitute  anarchy  for  law.  I  do  not  know  that 
any  wise  man  has  ever  doubted  that  possibility.  Sedition  is,  as  I 
suppose,  a  vice  inherent  and  latent  in  every  political  state.  But  the 
condition  of  anarchy  is  not  only  anomalous  but  necessarily  a  tran- 
sient one.  I  do  not  pretend  to  say  how  long  the  deplorable  disturb- 
ances now  existing  here  may  continue,  nor  what  extreme  the 
anarchy  which  prevails  in  the  southern  part  of  the  country  may 
reach.  It  may  be  that  the  storm  may  continue  one  or  more  years 
longer,  and  that  there  may  be  a  dissolution  of  society  in  that  unhappy 
region.  But  after  such  a  convulsion  every  state  requires  repose 
and  again  seeks  peace,  safety,  and  freedom  ;  and  it  will  have  them, 
if  possible,  under  the  political  system  which  is  best  adapted  to  those 
ends.  Alexander,  Csesar,  and  Napoleon,  each  in  his  time  cast  down 
established  states  and  substituted  new  ones  in  their  places.  Yet  the 
hand  that  made  the  violent  change  had  hardly  been  withdrawn  when 
the  subverted  states  reappeared,  standing  more  firmly  than  before 
on  their  ancient  foundations. 

It  is  freely  admitted  that  the  salvation  of  the  Union  depends  on 
the  will  and  the  choice  of  the  American  people,. and  that  they  are 
now  engaged  in  a  fierce  conflict  upon  that  very  question.  But  sooner 
or  later  there  must  come  a  truce,  because  civil  war  cannot  be  indefi- 
nitely endured.  Will  there  then  be  a  reconciliation  ?  It  cannot 
happen  otherwise.  When  such  a  time  arrives,  any  society  will  pre- 
fer the  attainable  to  the  unattainable  object,  the  greater  to  the  lesser 
advantage,  and  will  bury  every  domestic  difference  to  save  itself 
from  the  worst  of  all  political  evils — foreign  conquest  and  domina- 
tion. The  object  of  the  insurgents  is  the  fortifying  and  extending 
of  African  slavery.  Is  the  object,  under  existing  circumstances, 
really  attainable  ?  Is  it  not  becoming  more  manifestly  impossible 
every  day  that  the  war  is  prolonged  ?  Is  even  the  continuance  of 
slavery  itself  worth  the  sacrifices  which  the  war  has  brought  ?  It  is 
assumed  that  the  insurgents,  however  erroneously,  are  determined 
upon  that  point.  I  reply,  that  it  is  always  a  class,  or  a  sect, 
or  a  party,  and  not  the  whole  country,  that  provokes  or  makes 
civil  war,  but  it  is  not  the  same  class  or  sect  or  party,  but  the  whole 
country  that  ultimately  makes  the  peace  ;  and  hence  it  has  hap- 


352  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

pened  that  hardly  one  out  of  a  hundred  attempted  revolutions 
ever  been  successful.     Is  not  this  the  instruction  of  the  civil  wars  of 
England,  France,  and  San  Domingo  ? 

The  consideration  that  this  is  a  republican  state  has  been  here- 
tofore impressed  upon  the  correspondence  of  this  Department, 
and  it  cannot  be  too  steadily  kept  in  view  by  our  representatives 
in  Europe.  Precisely  because  it  is  both  a  Federal  and  a  republican 
state,  with  its  cohesion  resulting  from  the  choice  of  the  people  in 
two  distinct  processes,  the  nation  must  cease  to  exist  when  a  foreign 
authority  is  admitted  to  any  control  over  its  counsels.  It  must  con- 
tinue to  be  jealous  of  foreign  interventions  and  alliances,  as  it  always 
heretofore  has  been. 

The  nation,  moreover,  is  an  American  one.  It  has  maintained 
pleasant  and  even  profitable  intercourse  with  the  states  of  the 
eastern  continent ;  but  it  nevertheless  is  situated  in  a  hemisphere 
where  interests  and  customs  and  habits  widely  differing  from  those 
of  Europe  prevail.  Among  these  differences  this  one  at  least  is 
manifest :  We  neither  have  sought,  nor  can  we  ever  wisely  seek, 
conquests,  colonies,  or  allies  in  the  Old  World.  We  have  no  voice 
in  the  congresses  of  Europe,  and  we  cannot  allow  them  a  represen- 
tation in  our  popular  assemblies.  All  of  the  American  states  once 
were  dependencies  of  European  powers.  The  fact  that  it  is  neces- 
sary to  discuss  the  subject  of  this  letter  sufficiently  proves  that  even 
if  those  powers  have  relinquished  all  expectation  of  recovering  a 
sway  here  that  was  so  long-  ago  cast  off,  yet  the  American  nations 
have  nevertheless  not  realized  their  safety  against  European  ambi- 
tion. For  this  reason,  also,  we  must  be  left  by  foreign  nations  alone, 
to  settle  our  own  controversies  and  regulate  our  own  affairs  in  our 
own  American  way.  .  If  the  forbearance  we  claim  is  not  our  right, 
those  who  seek  to  prevent  our  enjoyment  of  it  can  show  the  grounds 
upon  which  foreign  intervention  or  mediation  is  justified.  Will 
they  claim  that  European  powers  are  so  much  more  enlightened, 
more  just,  and  more  humane  than  we  are,  that  they  can  regulate  not 
only  their  own  affairs  but  ours  also,  more  wisely  and  more  benefi- 
cially than  we  have  done  ?  How  and  where  have  they  proved  this 
superiority  ? 

I  cannot  avoid  thinking  that  the  ideas  of  intervention  and  media- 
tion have  their  source  in  an  imperfect  conception  in  Europe  of  thfe 
independence  of  the  American  nation.     Although  actual  foreign 


INTERVENTION   CONSIDERED.  353 

authority  has  so  long  passed  away,  yet  the  memory  of  it,  and  the 
sentiment  of  dictation,  still  linger  in  the  parental  European  states. 
Perhaps  some  of  the  American  nations  have  by  their  willingness  to 
accept  of  favors,  lent  some  sanction  to  the  pretension.  But  cer- 
tainly this  will  not  be  urged  against  the  United  States.  We  have 
too  many  proofs  that  our  independence  is  by  no  means  pleasing  to 
portions  of  European  society.  They  would,  however,  find  it  difficult 
to  justify  their  dislike.  That  independence  was  lawfully  won,  and 
it  lias  been  universally  acknowledged. 

Is  our  peculiar  form  of  government  an  offence?  It  was  chosen 
by  ourselves  and  for  our  own  benefit,  and  it  has  not  been  enforced 
by  us,  nor  can  it  in  any  case  be  enforced,  upon  any  other  people. 
Our  own  experience  has  proved  its  felicitous  adaptation  to  our  con- 
dition, and  the  judgment  of  mankind  has  pronounced  that  its  influ- 
ences upon  other  nations  are  beneficent.  The  severest  censure  has 
found  no  defect  in  it,  except  that  it  is  too  good  to  endure. 

What  plea  for  intervention  or  mediation  remains  ?  Only  this, 
that  our  civil  war  is  inconvenient  to  foreign  states.  But  the  incon- 
venience they  suffer  is  only  incidental,  and  must  be  brief  ;  while 
their  intervention  or  mediation  might  be  fatal  to  the  United  States. 
Are  not  all  civil  wars  necessarily  inconvenient  to  foreign  nations  ? 
Must  every  state,  when  it  has  the  misfortune  to  fall  into  civil  war, 
forego  its  independence  and  compromise  its  sovereignty  because  the 
war  affects  its  foreign  commerce  ?  Would  not  the  practice  upon 
that  principle  result  in  the  dissolution  of  all  political  society  ?  But 
it  is  urged  that  the  war  is  protracted.  What  if  it  were  so  ?  Do 
our  national  rights  depend  on  the  time  that  an  insurrection  may 
maintain  itself  ?  It  has  been  a  war  of  fifteen  months.  The  battle- 
field is  as  large  as  Europe.  The  dynamical  question  involved  is  as 
important  as  any  that  was  ever  committed  to  the  issue  of  civil  war. 
The  principles  at  issue  are  as  grave  as  any  that  ever  were  intrusted 
to  the  arbitration  of  arms.  The  resources  opened  by  the  govern- 
ment, the  expenditures  incurred,  the  armies  brought  into  the  field, 
and  the  vigor  and  diligence  with  which  they  are  manoeuvred,  have 
never  been  surpassed  ;  nor  has  greater  success,  having  due  regard 
to  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  ever  been  attained.  Notwith- 
standing these  facts,  Europeans  tell  us  that  the  task  of  subduing 
the  insurrection  is  too  great,  that  the  conclusion  is  already  foregone, 
and  the  Union  must  be  lost.     They  fail,  however,  to  satisfy  us  of 

23 


354  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

either  their  right  or  their  ability  to  advise  upon  it,  while  they  no 
longer  affect  to  conceal  the  prejudices  or  the  interests  which  dis- 
qualify them  for  any  judgment  in  the  case. 

Finally,  the  advocates  of  intervention  are  shocked  by  the  calami- 
ties we  are  enduring,  and  concerned  by  the  debts  we  are  incurring, 
yet  they  have  not  one  word  of  remonstrance  or  discouragement  for 
the  insurgents,  and  are  busy  agents  in  supplying  them  with  materi- 
als of  war.  We  deplore  the  sufferings  which  the  war  has  brought, 
and  are  ready  and  anxious  to  end  the  contest.  We  offer  the  simple 
terms  of  restoration  to  the  Union,  and  oblivion  of  the  crimes  com- 
mitted against  it  so  soon  as  may  be  compatible  with  the  public 
safety.  I  have  expressed  these  views  of  the  President  to  our  rep- 
resentatives at  this  time,  when  I  think  there  is  no  immediate  danger 
of  foreign  intervention,  or  attempt  at  mediation,  to  the  end  that  they 
may  have  their  due  weight  whenever,  in  any  chances  of  the  war, 
apprehensions  of  foreign  interference  may  recur. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

August  23, 1862.  — It  is  difficult  for  our  people  and  much  more 
difficult  for  foreigners  to  detect  the  real  tendencies  of  political  events 
during  the  excitements  of  this  attempted  revolution.  It  found  us 
unprepared,  and  even  unsuspecting  and  incredulous.  When  the  war 
had  broken  out,  the  people,  accustomed  to  peace,  very  soon  became 
impatient,  and  a  signal  defeat,  without  any  compensating  success, 
produced  alarm,  which  was  followed  by  apparent  despondency.  Eu- 
rope, in  view  of  these  facts,  naturally  concluded  that  the  contest  on 
our  part  would  be  short  and  hopeless.  The  country,  however,  recon- 
sidered, and  put  forth  energies  which  brought  a  series  of  successes 
which  seemed  to  render  a  conclusion  of  the  war  in  favor  of  the  Union 
speedy  and  certain.  Europe  had  scarcely  time  to  accept  this  assur- 
ance before  a  failure,  not  a  defeat,  at  Richmond,  disappointed  and 
disconcerted  the  sanguine  and  impatient  p  >rtion  of  our  countrymen. 

The  government  did  not  hesitate  a  day  to  provide  for  reinforcing 
and  augmenting  the  national  forces  on  a  scale  adequate  to  the  pros- 
ecution of  the  war  with  greater  vigor  and  certainty  of  success  than 
before.  But  a  transient  gloom  had  fallen  once  more  upon  the  na- 
tional mind,  and  presses  that  necessarily  sympathize  with  a  morbid 
public  temper,  and  minister  to  it  day  after  day,  and  week  after 
week,  continued  to  deepen  that  gloom,  and  to  harass  the  country 


VOLUNTEERS  IN   EXCESS   OF   THE   CALL.  355 

with  fears  of  disasters  everywhere  at  home,  and  dangers  everywhere 
abroad.  Advocates  of  extreme  and  conflicting  policies  and  senti- 
ments came  upon  the  stage,  and  claimed  the  public  attention  with 
expectations  of  successful  agitation  which  could  have  no  other  effect 
than  to  divide  the  country  and  to  deliver  it  up  to  the  distractions  of 
party  spirit.  Alarms  of  intervention  were,  of  course,  sounded  by 
the  conspirators  abroad  with  much  effect.  It  was  very  natural,  and, 
therefore,  by  no  means  unexpected,  that,  under  such  circumstances, 
our  representatives  abroad,  reading  the  American  heart  through  the 
newspapers,  as  they  necessarily  must,  and  not  feeling  its  stronger 
vibrations  as  the  government  here  did,  should  despair  of  its  prompt 
response  to  the  President's  call  for  three  hundred  thousand  volun- 
teers. All  this  has  now  changed.  The  call  is  already  answered  ; 
forty-five  thousand  of  the  new  recruits  are  already  in  the  field ;  a 
hundred  thousand  more  are  marching  towards  it,  and  two  hundred 
and  thirty-three  thousand  are  in  camps  of  rendezvous  and  organiza- 
tion. This  is  an  excess  of  seventy-eight  thousand  over  the  three 
hundred  thousand  volunteers  which  were  demanded.  You  have, 
however,  already  been  informed  that  the  President  has  called  for 
three  hundred  thousand  militia,  to  be  raised  by  draft.  The  time 
for  this  draft  is  fixed  for  the  2d  of  September.  There  is  only  one 
question  left  undetermined,  which  is,  namely,  whether  the  govern- 
ment will  accept  volunteers  for  this  force  also,  or  insist  upon  the 
draft,  now  found  unnecessary. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 
September  26,  1862.  —  In  the  beginning  of  our  domestic  troubles, 
all  the  outside  world  was  apparently  in  a  state  of  profound  and 
permanent  peace.  It  seemed  as  if,  unavoidably,  irritation  was  pro- 
duced in  several  foreign  countries  by  the  derangement  of  our  na- 
tional commerce,  and  they  were  not  only  entirely  free  to  combine 
against  us  and  enforce  a  dissolution  of  the  Union,  but  were  even 
being  impelled  by  very  powerful  influences  to  enter  into  such  a 
combination.  Perhaps  the  most  portentous  incident  which  has  oc- 
curred in  the  progress  of  this  unhappy  strife  was  the  announcement 
made  to  us  by  the  governments  of  Great  Britain  and  France  that 
they  had  agreed  to  act  together  in  regard  to  the  questions  which  it 
should  present  for  their  consideration.  Every  one  knows  the  influ- 
ence that  the  united  wills  of  these  two  great  maritime  powers  carry 


356  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

in  the  councils  of  other  states.  It  has  been  for  ns  of  late  a  relief 
to  perceive  that  although  European  cabinets  still  maintain  their 
conventional  accord,  yet  the  fundamental  political  interests  of  the 
states  they  represent  are  forcing  themselves  into  notice  and  temper- 
ing, if  not  modifying,  the  proceedings  of  their  governments. 

It  is,  as  you  suggest,  very  plainly  the  interest  of  all  the  members 
of  this  Federal  Union  to  arrest  their  civil  war,  reconcile  their  differ- 
ences, reorganize  the  government  on  its  constitutional  basis,  and 
thus  maintain  themselves  equally  against  possible  foreign  Mar  and 
the  still  more  dangerous  inroads  of  foreign  influence.  But  the  fac- 
tion which  has  gotten  up  the  insurrection  builds  its  hopes  of  success 
chiefly  upon  foreign  intervention,  and  it  has  not  thus  far  been  suffi- 
ciently exhausted  to  open  the  way  for  serious  reflection  in  the  revo- 
lutionary states.  This  whole  nation,  when  united,  was  a  greater 
and  stronger  power  than  it  was  believed  abroad,  and  even  greater 
and  stronger  than  it  supposed  itself  to  be.  The  insurgent  portion 
of  it,  though  very  unequal  to  the  loyal,  are  not  deficient  in  strength 
and  wealth  available  for  treason.  An  ambitious  spirit,  perhaps  it 
would  not  be  severe  to  say  a  malignant  one,  has  imparted  much 
energy  to  the  insurgent  arms.  But  it  no  longer  admits  of  doubt 
that  there  has  been  a  visible  process  of  exhaustion  of  men  and 
money  in  the  insurgent  states.  The  waste  of  armies  in  war  was 
unforeseen  by  them,  as  it  was  by  the  government.  It  is  now  visible 
on  both  sides.  Practically,  it  is  not  difficult  to  renew  our  armies, 
but  the  wasted  forces  of  the  insurgents  cannot  be  replaced.  They 
have  spent  three  hundred  and  fifty  millions  already,  and  need  two 
hundred  and  fifty  millions  more  for  expenditure  before  the  beginning 
of  the  new  year.  Their  whole  actual  revenue  from  imposts  and 
taxes  gathered  within  the  past  year  is  nominally  twelve  millions,  but 
this  was  received  in  a  currency  depreciated  at  least  fifty  per  cent. ; 
they  have  no  resources  for  greater  taxation.  The  spirit  which  has 
sustained  them  thus  far  cannot  be  maintained  without  the  gain  of 
military  advantages  far  greater  than  they  have  hitherto  obtained. 

In  view  of  these  facts,  it  is  probably  safe  to  assume  that  the  in- 
surrection has  reached  its  crisis. 

As  you  are  well  aware,  it  has  never  been  expected  by  the  Presi- 
dent that  the  insurgents  should  protract  this  war  until  it  should  ex- 
haust not  only  themselves  but  the  loyal  states,  and  bring  foreign 
armies  or  navies  into  the  conflict,  and  still  be  allowed  to  retain  in 


EMANCIPATION   AND   THE  EEBELLION.  357 

bondage,  with  the  consent  of  this  government,  the  slaves  who  con- 
stitute the  laboring  and  producing  masses  of  the  insurrectionary 
states.  At  the  same  time,  the  emancipation  of  the  slaves  could  be 
effected  only  by  executive  authority,  and  on  the  ground  of  military 
necessity.  As  a  preliminary  to  the  exercise  of  that  great  power,  the 
President  must  have  not  only  the  exigency,  but  the  general  consent 
of  the  loyal  people  of  the  Union  in  the  border  slave  states  where 
the  war  was  raging,  as  well  as  in  the  free  states  which  have  escaped 
this  scourge,  which  could  only  be  obtained  through  a  clear  convic- 
tion on  their  part  that  the  military  exigency  had  actually  occurred. 
It  is  thus  seen  that  what  has  been  discussed  so  earnestly  at  home 
and  abroad  as  a  question  of  morals  or  of  humanity  has  all  the  while 
been  practically  only  a  military  question,  depending  on  time  and 
circumstances.  The  order  for  emancipation,  to  take  effect  on  the 
first  of  January,  in  the  states  then  still  remaining  in  rebellion  against 
the  Union,  was  issued  upon  due  deliberation  and  conscientious  con- 
sideration of  the  actual  condition  of  the  war,  and  the  state  of  opin- 
ion in  the  whole  country. 

No  one  who  knows  how  slavery  was  engrafted  upon  the  nation 
when  it  was  springing  up  into  existence  ;  how  it  has  grown  and 
gained  strength  as  the  nation  itself  has  advanced  in  wealth  and 
power ;  how  fearful  the  people  have  hitherto  been  of  any  change 
which  might  disturb  the  parasite,  will  contend  that  the  order  comes 
too  late.  It  is  hoped  and  believed  that  after  the  painful  experience 
we  have  had  of  the  danger  to  which  the  Federal  connection  with 
slavery  is  exposing  the  Republic  there  will  be  few  indeed  who  will 
insist  that  the  decree  which  brings  the  connection  to  an  end  either 
could  or  ought  to  have  been  further  deferred. 

The  interests  of  humanity  have  now  become  identified  with  the 
cause  of  our  country,  and  this  has  resulted  not  from  any  infraction 
of  constitutional  restraints  by  the  government,  but  from  persistent 
unconstitutional  and  factious  proceedings  of  the  insurgents,  who 
have  opposed  themselves  to  both. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

October  8,  1862.  —  Revolutions  seldom  admit  of  exact  regulation. 
This  insurrection  is  an  appeal  by  force  not  merely  to  reverse  a  reg- 
ular popular  judgment,  but  to  overturn  the  tribunal  which  pro- 
nounced it.     I  admit  the  importance  of  moderation  on  the  part  of 


358  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

the  government.  I  think  that  all  the  world  will  agree  that  the 
government  has  thus  far  practised  that  virtue  to  the  largest  possible 
extent.  It  has,  however,  produced  no  abatement  of  the  ambitious 
designs  of  the  insurgents.  It  is  manifest  that  they  prefer  a  com- 
mon ruin,  a  complete  chaos,  to  any  composition  whatever  that  could 
be  made  under  any  auspices.  Nor  does  the  case  admit  of  offers  of 
composition  on  the  part  of  the  Union.  It  is  a  question  between  the 
existing  and  only  possible  constitutional  system  of  government  and 
a  resolution  of  society  here  into  small,  distracted,  and  ever-jealous 
belligerent  states.  Other  unusual  elements  enter  into  the  motives 
of  the  conflict,  and  popular  passions  inflame  them  into  a  white  heat. 
It  is  impossible  not  to  see  that  the  conflict  between  universal  free- 
dom and  universal  slavery,  which  has  been  so  long  put  off,  has  come 
upon  us  at  last  in  the  form  of  a  civil  war,  and  that  the  parties  are 
marshalling  themselves  under  the  banners  of  the  Union  and  of  the 
insurrection,  respectively.  Who  has  ever  seen  mediation  or  com- 
promise arrest  a  conflict  of  that  nature  when  brought  to  the  trial  of 
arms  ?  No  such  conflict  was  ever  ended  but  by  exhaustion  of  one 
or  both  of  the  parties.  Does  it  require  a  great  discernment  to  see 
on  which  side  exhaustion  must  first  occur?  Does  it  require  much 
loyalty  to  our  institutions,  or  much  faith  in  virtue,  or  much  trust  in 
the  guidance  of  a  beneficent  Providence,  to  enable  us  to  believe  that 
that  exhaustion  must  be  rapid  and  complete  enough  to  bring  about 
a  return  of  that  portion  of  our  people  which  has  been  misled  to  the 
constitutional  government,  which  alone  can  maintain  peace,  preserve 
order,  and  guarantee  practical  freedom  to  all  the  members  of  the 
state?  Where  are  we  now?  The  Union  is  distracted,  but  it  is  not 
broken  nor  even  shaken.  It  still  maintains  its  authority  everywhere, 
with  local  exceptions,  as  before.  It  still  maintains  its  place  in  the 
councils  of  nations.  It  has  only  begun  to  draw  upon  its  resources 
and  its  forces.  The  insurrection  is  without  position  at  home  or 
abroad.  It  has  nearly  exhausted  its  resources,  and  it  is  bringing 
into  the  field  the  last  armies  available  by  conscription.  No  revolu- 
tion, prolonged  without  success,  escapes  the  avenger  of  faction 
among  its  movers.  That  avenger  is  even  now  upon  the  heels  of 
the  movers  of  the  insurrection,  and  it  appears  with  terrors  such  as 
failing  revolutionists  were  never  before  compelled  to  turn  upon  and 
confront.  Let  any  statesman  look  into  the  elements  of  society  in 
the  Gulf  or  revolutionary  States,  and  see  what  else  than  universal 


INTERVENTION   THREATENED.  359 

ruin  of  society  can  result  from  longer  war  against  the  Union.  What 
else  than  the  protection  of  the  Union,  duly  accepted,  can  arrest  that 
desolation,  or  restore  safety  even  then  to  property,  liberty,  and  life. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

October  20,  1862.  —  It  is  desirable  that  the  views  I  am  now 
to  express  should  be  understood  as  official,  and  that,  with  such 
reserve  as  your  discretion  may  deem  proper,  they  may  be  made 
known  to  the  French  government.  For  this  reason  I  do  not  draw 
under  review  the  unofficial  conversation  with  Mr.  Thouvenel  which 
you  have  related,  but  I  base  these  intimations  upon  information  of 
a  general  character  which  has  reached  this  Department. 

The  effect  of  this  information  is  that  Great  Britain  and  France 
are  seriously  considering  the  question  of  recognizing  the  insurgents 
of  this  country  as  a  sovereign  state.  Of  course,  the  grounds  of  such 
a  proceeding  must  involve  a  conclusion  that  the  insurgents  have 
shown  their  ability  to  maintain  a  national  independence.  We  now 
know,  although  it  was  for  a  time  studiously  concealed  from  this 
government  and  the  American  people,  that  so  early  as  the  reverses 
which  befell  our  army  in  front  of  Richmond,  the  insurgent  leaders 
projected  and  began  to  prepare  a  campaign  with  the  very  compre- 
hensive purpose  of  invading  the  loyal  free  states  by  armies  which 
should  occupy  and  permanently  establish  themselves  in  the  loyal 
border  states  of  Maryland,  Kentucky,  and  Missouri.  In  this  way 
Philadelphia  and  New  York  were  to  be  menaced,  while  Baltimore 
and  New  Orleans  were  to  be  captured,  and  this  capital  was  to  be 
reduced  to  capitulation.  We  know  also  that  the  project  of  this 
campaign  was  confidentially  communicated  to  parties  in  Europe 
who  sympathized  with  the  insurrection,  and  who  became  active  in 
furnishing  aid,  arms,  and  supplies  for  its  execution.  We  know 
further  that  from  a  natural  impulsiveness,  if  not  from  deep  design, 
the  emissaries  of  the  insurgents  excited  very  sanguine  expectations 
of  the  success  of  their  proposed  campaign  in  the  principal  European 
cabinets.  We  have  learned  further  that,  besides  enlisting  under 
the  influence  of  that  excitement  many  persons  of  assumed  impor- 
tance as  advocates  of  a  recognition  of  the  insurgents,  a  great  pecuni- 
ary speculation  in  cotton  was  opened  to  others  who  might  be  moved 
by  mercenary  inducements  to  lend  their  aid  to  the  same  conspiracy 
against  the  United  States.     Chimerical  as  this  scheme  seemed  to 


360  SELECTIONS  PROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

calm  observers  here  while  it  was  being  developed  through  the 
manoeuvres  of  the  insurgents,  it  nevertheless  borrowed  a  certain 
measure  of  probability  of  success  from  the  surprise  it  excited,  from 
inaugural  military  advantages  gained  in  the  region  of  Manassas, 
and  from  a  seeming,  though  unreal,  dilatoriness  of  the  loyal  states 
in  sending  forward  the  new  levies  for  which  the  President  had 
called.  The  apparent  depression  thus  manifested  here  of  course 
was  observed  in  Europe,  and  doubtless  it  went  far  to  fortify  the 
sanguine  expectations  of  the  success  of  the  anticipated  campaign 
which  prevailed  there.  Those  expectations  thus  reached  such  a 
height  that  all  Europe  was  seen  actually  looking  for  nothing  less 
than  the  surrender  of  Washington  and  the  dissolution  of  the  Union, 
when  it  received,  through  the  telegraph,  the  very  different  intelli- 
gence of  the  defeats  of  the  insurgents  at  South  Mountain  and  An- 
tietam.  In  view  of  these  facts,  this  government  was  not  at  all  sur- 
prised when  it  heard,  through  the  despatches  of  its  representatives 
in  the  European  capitals  throughout  the  months  of  August  and 
September,  that  confident  expectations  were  prevailing  there  of  an 
early  recognition  of  the  independence  of  the  insurgents,  and  that 
European  statesmen,  assuming  that  recognition  to  be  imminent, 
were  benevolently  engaged  in  considering  what  substitute  they 
could  propose  to  the  United  States  for  the  loss  of  their  venerated 
and  invaluable  Federal  Union.  It  does,  however,  surprise  the  Pres- 
ident that  the  expectations  of  a  recognition  of  the  insurgents  are 
still  lingering  in  European  capitals,  in  view  of  the  disappointment 
and  failure  of  the  campaign,  which  by  its  successes  was  to  prepare 
them  for  that  hostile  measure. 

Waiving  the  temptation  to  bring  military  events  singly  into  a 
tedious  review,  it  will  be  sufficient  on  this  occasion  to  say  that  the 
military  and  political  situations  in  this  country  are  in  perfect  con- 
trast with  the  imaginary  ones  which  were  expected  to  win  the 
advantages  of  European  intervention.  Instead  of  being  in  posses- 
sion of  or  threatening  Philadelphia  and  New  York,  and  occupying 
Cincinnati,  Louisville,  New  Orleans,  Baltimore,  and  Washington, 
the  invading  armies  of  the  insurgents  in  the  east,  in  the  west,  and 
in  the  south,  are  in  retreat  before  the  national  forces,  and  as  rapidly 
as  possible  evacuating  all  the  loyal  border  states.  On  the  first  of 
July  last  the  government  had  retained  from  the  first  the  entire 
occupation  of  all  those  portions  of  the  Union  which  had  not  been  in 


THE   SITUATION    REVIEWED.  361 

the  beginning  betrayed  into  the  secession  movement;  and  it  had 
also  regained  so  many  of  the  forts,  rivers,  and  positions,  which  were 
thus  at  first  betrayed,  that  by  the  general  consent  of  all  observers, 
the  revolt  was  deemed  as  practically  suppressed.  The  projected 
insurgent  campaign  has  been  put  into  a  train  of  military  execution, 
and  although  that  train  is  perhaps  not  yet  ended,  enough  has 
occurred  to  prove  the  entire  failure  of  all  its  objects.  Not  one  im- 
portant strategic  point  which  the  government  heid  in  July  last  has 
been  lost.  It  is  still  in  possession  or  in  control  now,  as  it  was  then, 
of  the  coasts,  the  rivers,  the  lakes,  the  marts,  and  the  forts  of  the 
country,  and,  except  by  luck  and  adventure,  no  enemy  of  the 
United  States  can  leave  the  country,  and  no  ally  of  the  insurgents 
can  enter  it.     Such  is  the  military  situation  now. 

What  are  the  prospects  of  the  insurgents?  Their  credit  and 
resources  are  practically  exhausted.  With  a  floating  debt  of  four 
hundred  millions,  represented  by  paper  which  is  at  a  discount  of 
seventy-five  per  cent.,  they  have  neither  received,  nor  have  they  the 
means  of  raising,  a  revenue  equal  to  ten  millions,  in  any  form,  ap- 
plicable either  to  the  defraying  of  present  expenses  or  the  payment 
of  interest  on  existing  or  future  obligations.  Their  armies  were 
raised  by  conscription,  which  left  them  no  reserves.  Those  armies, 
wasted  like  our  own  by  the  casualties  of  war,  are  reduced  to  a  con- 
dition of  ineffectiveness,  and  cannot  be  renewed.  Want  and  distress, 
hitherto  unknown  within  the  political  jurisdiction  of  the  United 
States,  are  already  disclosing  themselves  in.  fearful  forms  throughout 
the  entire  region  occupied  by  the  insurgents.  Industry  has  ceased, 
and  thrift  is  lost.  Do  the  leaders  even  propose  a  new  campaign  to 
retrieve  the  failure  of  the  one  that  is  approaching  its  end  ?  No ; 
they  are  looking  out  for  winter  quarters,  and  are  calculating  on  the 
chances  that  foreign  intervention  may  secure  for  them  a  peace 
which  they  are  as  yet  unwilling  to  ask,  although  unable  to  conquer. 

What,  on  the  other  hand,  is  the  condition  of  the  government  and 
the  loyal  people,  whose  cause  it  is  defending.  It  has  a  revenue 
available  in  the  precious  metals  of  more  than  a  hundred  millions 
applicable  to  present  expenses,  and  the  interest  on  a  national  debt 
of  five  hundred  millions.  It  is  as  punctual  in  all  its  payments  and 
as  solvent  as  any  government  now  existing  or  that  ever  has  existed. 
Its  second  army,  just  now  entering  the  field,  is  larger  than  the  first; 
and  it  has  a  third  and  even  a  fourth  army,  as  large  as  the  present 


362  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

one,  in  reserve,  if  there  shall,  unhappily,  be  occasion  for  it.  The 
maritime  force  which  has  hitherto  been  employed  with  so  much 
effect  was  not  even  a  miniature  or  model  of  the  navy  which  is  now 
going  forth  from  its  navy  yards.  Our  mines  are  yielding  gold  more 
rapidly  than  foreign  trade  can  withdraw  it  from  us ;  and  after  sup- 
plying our  own  population,  including  our  armies,  with  bread,  we 
are  shipping  a  surplus  which  silences  the  alarms  of  famine  in 
Europe.  Is  the  national  mind  unsteady  or  its  tone  unsound?  Let 
its  alacrity  in  sending  the  new  levies  of  six  hundred  thousand 
strong  into  the  field  in  a  period  of  two  months  answer  this  question. 
The  people  do,  indeed,  desire  peace  and  repose,  as  they  all  along 
have  desired  these  objects  ;  but  the  first  voice  has  yet  to  be  raised 
in  demand  for  peace  at  such  a  cost  as  a  loss  of  the  Union,  or  even 
an  acre  of  the  broad  foundation  that  it  covers.  Since  the  European 
ideas  of  the  failure  of  the  government  were  formed  a  new  political 
event  has  occurred,  which  has  too  much  significance  to  be  over- 
looked. The  President,  practically  with  the  consent  of  the  Ameri- 
can people,  has  given  notice  to  the  insurrectionary  slave  states  that 
if  they  refuse  after  the  first  day  of  January  next  to  resume  their 
constitutional  relation  to  their  sister  states,  and  persevere  in  this  des- 
olating war,  slavery  shall,  from  and  after  that  day,  cease  within 
their  borders ;  and  national  armies  and  navies  are  now  going  for- 
ward to  make  that  announcement,  if  it  shall  become  necessary,  a 
fact.  It  may  be  true,  as  European  statesmen  so  constantly  insist, 
that  the  slave  masters  inhabiting  the  region  in  insurrection  will  not 
submit.  Human  nature,  on  the  other  hand,  will  teach  those  states- 
men that,  though  the  masters  may  persist  in  refusing  the  Union, 
the  slaves  will  not  reject  their  offered  freedom.  If  one  needs  aid 
to  find  out  how  this  new  but  necessary  operation  of  the  war  will 
work,  he  has  only  to  look  at  the  map  of  the  insuiTectionary  region, 
and  see  that  that  part  of  the  Mississippi  which  it  embraces  is  in- 
habited by  a  population  of  whom  an  average  of  twenty  per  centum 
are  white  men  and  all  the  rest  are  African  slaves.  Without  design 
on  the  part  of  the  government  against  its  most  benevolent  efforts, 
the  slave  masters  of  the  insurrectionary  states  have  brought  their 
system  of  African  slavery  directly  into  conflict  with  the  government 
in  its  struggle  to  maintain  and  preserve  the  American  Union. 
They  have  done  this  under  the  influence  of  a  reckless  and  desperate 
ambition.     If  they  persist,  after  the  reasonable  and  ample  warning 


THE   SITUATION   REVIEWED.  363 

they  have  received,  they  must  lose  the  factitious  social  condition 
which  has  been  the  sole  spring  of  their  disloyalty  and  treason.  Are 
the  enlightened  and  humane  nations  Great  Britain  and  France  to 
throw  their  protection  over  the  insurgents  now?  Are  they  to 
enter,  directly  or  indirectly,  into  this  conflict,  which,  besides  being 
exclusively  one  belonging  to  the  friendly  people  of  a  distant  conti- 
nent, has  also,  by  force  of  circumstances,  become  a  war  between 
freedom  and  human  bondage?  Will  they  interfere  to  strike  down 
the  arm  that  so  reluctantly  but  so  effectually  is  raised  at  last  to 
break  the  fetters  of  the  slave,  and  seek  to  rivet  anew  the  chains 
which  he  has  sundered  ?  Has  this  purpose,  strange  and  untried, 
entered  into  the  counsels  of  those  who  are  said  to  have  concluded 
that  it  is  their  duty  to  recognize  the  insurgents?  If  so,  have  they 
considered,  further,  that  recognition  must  fail  without  interven- 
tion ;  that  intervention  will  be  ineffectual  unless  attended  by  per- 
manent and  persisting  armies,  and  that  they  are  committing  them- 
selves to  maintain  slavery  in  that  manner  among  a  people  where 
slaves  and  masters  alike  agree  in  the  resolution  that  it  shall  no 
longer  exist  ?  Is  this  to  be  the  climax  of  the  world's  progress  in 
the  nineteenth  century  ? 

The  European  impulses  favorable  to  recognition  of  the  insurgents 
are  due  chiefly  to  the  earnestness  with  which  they  have  announced 
their  resolution  to  separate.  In  this  respect  they  can  surpass  us. 
We,  the  loyal  people  of  this  Union,  are  less  demonstrative.  We  are 
necessarily  so.  Time  works  against  the  insurgents  and  in  our  favor. 
Reason  and  conscience  are  on  our  side;  passion  alone  on  theirs. 
We  have  institutions  to  preserve,  and  responsibilities  world-wide 
and  affecting  future  ages  to  discharge  ;  they  have  none.  They  are 
at  liberty  to  destroy,  and  trust  to  future  chances  to  rebuild ;  we 
must  save  our  institutions,  not  only  for  ourselves  but  even  for  them. 
I  trust,  however,  that  even  if  the  early  operations  of  the  govern- 
ment left  room  for  any  misapprehension  on  the  subject,  the  decision 
and  the  energies  which  this  government  and  the  loyal  people  have 
put  forth  within  the  last  three  months  will  satisfy  Europe  that  we 
are  not  only  a  considerate  but  a  practical  and  persevering  people. 
It  is  time  that  we  should  be  understood,  there.  In  one  sense  — 
a  generous  one  —  it  is  true,  as  Earl  Russell  has  said,  that  we  are 
fighting  for  empire.  But  the  empire  is  not  only  our  own  already, 
but  it  was  lawfully  acquired,  and  is  lawfully  held.     Extensive  as  it 


364  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

is,  none  the  less  in  every  part  our  own.  We  defend  it,  and  we 
love  it  with  all  the  affection  with  which  patriotism  in  every  land 
inspires  the  human  heart.  It  has  the  best  of  institutions  —  institu- 
tions the  excellence  of  which  is  generously  and  even  gratefully  con- 
ceded by  all  men,  while  they  are  endeared  to  ourselves  by  all 
national  recollections,  and  by  all  the  hopes  and  desires  we  so  natu- 
rally cherish  for  a  great  and  glorious  future.  Studying  to  confine 
this  unhappy  struggle  within  our  own  borders,  we  have  not  only 
invoked  no  foreign  aid  or  sympathy,  but  we  have  warned  foreign 
nations  frankly  and  have  besought  them  not  to  interfere.  We  have 
practised  justice  towards  them  in  every  way,  and  conciliation  in  an 
unusual  degree.  But  we  are  none  the  less  determined  for  all  that 
to  be  sovereign  and  to  be  free.  We  indulge  in  no  menaces  and  no 
defiances.  We  abide  patiently  and  with  composure  the  course  of 
events  and  the  action  of  the  nations,  whose  forbearance  we  have 
invoked  scarcely  less  for  their  sakes  than  for  our  own.  We  have 
not  been  misled  by  any  of  the  semblances  of  impartiality  or  of  neu- 
trality which  unfriendly  proceedings  towards  us  in  a  perilous  strife 
have  put  on.  When  any  government  shall  incline  to  a  new  and 
more  unfriendly  attitude,  we  shall  then  revise  with  care  our  exist- 
ing relations  towards  that  power,  and  shall  act  in  the  emergency  as 
becomes  a  people  who  have  never  yet  faltered  in  their  duty  to 
themselves  while  they  were  endeavoring  to  improve  the  condition  of 

the  human  race. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

October  25,  1862.  —  Your  despatch  of  October  10th  shows  that 
the  President's  proclamation  has  produced  in  Great  Britain  an  im- 
pression similar  in  nature,  and  differing  only  in  degree,  from  the 
effect  which  it  has  had  here.  Although,  for  obvious  reasons,  little 
was  said  on  the  subject  in  the  correspondence  of  this  Department  in 
anticipation  of  the  proclamation,  yet  you  must  have  well  understood 
that  the  President  did  not  adopt  the  sanguine  expectations  of  those 
who  assumed  that  it  would  instantaneously  convert  the  foreign 
enemies  of  our  country  into  friends.  It  is  not  now  proposed  to  dis- 
cuss with  those  persons  the  questions  they  so  ingeniously  raise, 
namely,  whether  the  proclamation  has  not  come  too  late,  whether 
it  has  not  come  too  early,  or  whether  its  effect  will  not  be  defeated 
by  the  fact  that  it  is  based  upon  military  necessity,  and  not  upon 
philanthropy.     In  regard  to  the  first  two  points,  they  are  raised  by 


THE  EMANCIPATION   POLICY.  365 

those  for  whom  distasteful  events  are  always  unseasonable.  In  re- 
gard to  the  latter,  it  may  be  said  that  the  Christian  religion  has 
proved  none  the  less  successful  and  beneficent  to  Europe,  although 
it  must  be  confessed  that  the  mere  charity  inculcated  by  that  relig- 
ion was  not  the  exclusive  motive  of  Constantine  in  adopting  and 
proclaiming  it. 

Time  advances,  and  the  national  power  will  not  lag  behind  it  in 
bearing  the  proclamation  into  the  homes  which  slavery  has 
scourged  with  the  crowning  evils  of  civil  war,  and  the  most  fla- 
grant of  political  crimes  —  treason  against  the  best  Constitution  and 
the  best  government  that  has  ever  been  established  among  men. 
There  is  reason  to  hope  that  the  proceeding  will  divide  and  break 
the  insurrection.  The  public  mind  has  been  disturbed,  and  the 
periodical  occurrence  of  popular  elections  has  been  attended  by  ex- 
travagant expressions,  as  usual.  But  the  policy  of  the  administra- 
tion will  be  practically  acquiesced  in  and  ultimately  universally 

approved. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

November  4,  1862.  —  You  inform  us  virtually  that  those  very 
interpreters  of  public  opinion,  who  four  weeks  ago  could  see  no 
merit  in  our  saving  our  country  because  the  President  seemed  to  be 
willing  to  tolerate  slavery  to  effect  that  end,  now  pronounce  the 
preservation  of  the  Union  to  be  equally  undesirable  because  it  is 
contingently  proposed  to  abolish  slavery  in  the  insurrectionary 
states  to  effect  that  great  end.  When  inconsistencies  like  this  are 
practised  in  the  name  of  enlightened  nations  in  regard  to  other 
states,  how  fortunate  is  it  that  the  laws  of  nature  leave  it  to  such 
states  alone,  under  the  favor  of  God,  to  regulate  their  own  affairs, 
and  work  out  their  own  destinies. 

Just  about  one  hundred  years  ago  two  great  political  revolutions 
began,  upon  which  were  largely  suspended  the  interests  of  the 
human  race.  The  first  was  the  emancipation  of  this  continent  from 
European  authority ;  the  second  was  the  abolition  of  the  European 
system  of  African  slavery.  With  certain  incidental  and  temporary 
reactions,  such  as  are  common  to  every  great  reformatory  move- 
ment, the  United  States  have  persistently  and  successfully  carried 
forward  these  two  revolutions  by  gradual  means  and  no  others, 
never  acting  hastily  nor  resorting  to  aggression  against  any  nation, 
any  interest,  or  any  class  of  men  ;  and  at  the  same  time  never 


366  SELEGTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

shrinking  from  needful  self-defence  when  they  encountered  unpro- 
voked violence.  Although  Europe  seems  to  be  falling  back  to  the 
very  ground  which  it  held  in  regard  to  both  of  these  revolutions 
when  they  began,  the  United  States  will,  nevertheless,  steadily  per- 
severe with  their  habitual  energy  and  moderation  in  the  tasks 
which  the  Almighty  seems  to  have  allotted  to  them,  conscious  that 
though  the  labor  and  the  sacrifices  are  theirs,  the  benefits  will  be- 
long to  mankind. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

November  4,  1862.  —  It  is  not  pleasant  to  a  loyal  American  to  see 
a  European  Cabinet  discussing  before  a  European  people  the  ques- 
tion whether  they  will  continue  to  recognize  the  existence  of  this 
Republic.  But  this  is  a  part  of  the  painful  experience  of  the  evil 
times  upon  which  we  have  fallen.  While  treason  goes  abroad  from 
among  ourselves  to  invite  foreign  nations  to  intervene,  we  have  no 
right  to  expect  those  nations  to  judge  us  candidly,  much  less  to  judge 
us  kindly  or  wisely.  It  would  be,  above  all  things,  unreasonable  to 
expect  such  charitable  judgments  from  political  parties  in  foreign 
countries,  intent  only  on  the  objects  of  their  own  ambition.  For- 
tunately we  have  the  right  to  be  free,  independent,  and  at  peace, 
whether  European  political  parties  wish  us  to  be  so  or  not.  I 
think,  also,  we  have  the  power  to  be  so.  While  European  parties, 
according  to  your  representation,  are  even  more  hostile  to  our  coun- 
try now  than  ever  before,  it  is,  on  the  other  hand,  a  source  of  much 
satisfaction  to  know  that  this  same  country  of  ours  not  only  is  but 
also  feels  itself  to  be  stronger  and  in  better  condition  and  position 
to  encounter  dangers  of  foreign  intervention  than  it  has  been  at 
any  former  period  ;  and  that  if  any  additional  motive  were  neces- 
sary to  sustain  its  resolution  to  remain  united,  independent,  and 
sovereign,  that  motive  would  be  found  in  the  intervention  by  a  for- 
eign state  in  the  great  and  painful  domestic  transactions  in  which 
it  is  engaged. 

The  wheel  of  political  fortune  makes  rapid  revolutions.  It  is  less 
than  three  years  since  all  Great  Britain  manifested  itself  desirous  of 
the  friendship  of  the  United  States.  A  similar  desire  may,  before 
the  lapse  of  a  long  period,  occur  again.  Neither  politicians  nor 
statesmen  control  events.  They  can  moderate  them  and  accommo- 
date their  ambitions  to  them,  but  they  can  do  no  more. 


THE  EMANCIPATION   POLICY.  367 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Pike. 

November  5,  1862.  —  I  know  not  how  profitable  it  might  be  for 
me  to  examine  the  very  sagacious  and  patriotic  views  you  have 
presented  on  the  subject  of  the  war,  and  the  policy  with  which  it  is 
carried  on  by  the  government.  It  is  to  be  remembered  that  the 
country,  so  far  from  remaining  in  a  normal  state,  is  undergoing  all 
the  agitation  of  an  attempted  revolution.  Measures  and  men,  even 
at  home,  are  harshly  judged  under  the  influence  of  the  hopes  and 
apprehensions  of  the  hour ;  and  these  are  exaggerated  by  interests, 
ambitions,  and  passions  which  varying  occasions  stimulate.  The 
like  haste  of  judgment  upon  the  same  questions  necessarily  reveals 
itself  in  Europe,  for  the  relations  of  nations  are  too  intimate  to 
allow  a  disturbance  in  any  one  state  to  be  confined  within  its  own 
limits.  Perhaps  it  is  not  unwise  to  believe  that  the  agitation  here, 
which  has  been  going  on  for  thirty  years,  and  which  broke  out  into 
open  rebellion  eighteen  months  ago,  has  at  last  reached  its  crisis. 
The  exigencies  have  been  met,  and  a  rapid  process  of  exhaustion  of 
the  material  as  well  as  the  moral  elements  of  the  war  has  been  go- 
ing on,  and  the  time  cannot  be  distant  when  the  nation  will,  from 
necessity,  seek  repose.  Nothing  can  be  more  difficult  than  it  is  to 
mark  the  time  when  this  condition  begins  to  discover  itself  in  any 
conflict.  But  if  I  am  correct  in  supposing  it  has  been  reached  in 
the  present  case,  then  I  think  we  have  occasion  to  congratulate  our- 
selves upon  the  good  position  in  which  the  cause  of  the  Union 
stands.  The  strength  of  the  government  was  never  greater,  its 
means  never  more  completely  at  command,  its  present  vigor  in  ap- 
plying them  has  at  no  time  been  surpassed.  Our  military  and  naval 
expeditions  are  now  on  the  eve  of  their  departure,  and  we  look  for 
success  equal  to  that  which  attended  the  campaign  of  the  last  spring. 
On  the  other  hand,  we  see  that  the  material  strength  of  the  insur- 
gents has  been  much  reduced,  while  they  have  not  yet  gained  any 
permanent  advantage  anywhere.  It  can  hardly  be  presumed  that 
the  European  states  will  interfere  to  complicate  the  strife  under 
these  circumstances.  Such  apprehensions  are  the  more  unreasonable 
when  we  consider  how  difficult  these  states  would  find  it  to  adjust 
new  and  beneficial  relations  with  this  country  if  divided  into 
intensely  antagonistical  republics,  to  say  nothing  of  such  states 
reversing  their  previous  policies  in  regard  to  the  termination  of 


368  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

slavery  in  their  colonies.  Who  can  tell  what  would  be  the  ques- 
tions which  would  arise  in  the  British  colonies  lying  northward  of 
us  if  this  Union  of  ours  is  divided  ?  What  shall  come  up  in  place 
of  our  existing  relations  of  amity  and  commercial  reciprocity  ? 
What  shall  become  of  the  policy  of  extinguishing  slavery  in  the 
West  India  colonies  of  Europe  after  a  slaveholding  nation  shall 
have  been  established  on  the  shores  of  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  ?  What 
is  to  be  the  effect  of  such  an  establishment  upon  the  African  slave 
trade  when  the  new  slaveholding  nation  desires  to  grasp  not  only 
Mexico,  but  also  even  the  islands  of  all  the  European  states  within 
the  Gulf.  I  know  that  these  questions  have  not  yet  presented 
themselves  in  Europe,  but  it  is  quite  another  thing  to  suppose  that 
they  will  be  left  to  sleep  while  the  question  of  intervention  is 
considered  by  the  governments  concerned. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

November  10,  1862.  —  It  is  hardly  necessary  to  inform  you  that 
this  government  has  not  attached  any  such  importance  to  the  specu- 
lations of  the  European  press  as  to  apprehend  that  the  government 
of  France  combines  any  hidden  design  against  the  United  States 
with  the  military  operations  it  is  carrying  on  in  Mexico.  To  spec- 
ulators in  the  political  field  everything  seems  probable.  But  those 
who  know  how  much  of  talent,  wealth,  energy,  and  force  any  single 
military  movement,  however  simple,  either  at  home  or  abroad,  ex- 
acts, and  how  wrong  and  how  dangerous  it  is  to  undervalue  obsta- 
cles and  resistance,  will  be  able  generally  to  presume  ninety  and 
nine  out  of  one  hundred  of  all  the  designs  attributed  to  any  great 
power  improbable  because  they  are  impracticable.  There  are  many 
people  in  every  country  who  are  reckless  of  war,  its  costs,  its 
hazards,  and  its  sufferings.  I  think  that,  on  the  other  hand,  there 
is  no  one  enlightened  state  on  either  continent  that  does  not  desire 
to  avoid  war  so  long  as  it  can  safely  preserve  peace. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

November  10,  1862. —  It  is  a  source  of  satisfaction  to  know  that 
the  expectations  that  Great  Britain  would  speedily  give  her  aid  to 
sustain  the  failing  insurrection  here,  which  disloyal  citizens  at  home 
and  abroad  had  built  upon  the  extra-official  speeches  of  the  British 
Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  were  unreal  and  purely  imaginary. 


THE   EMANCIPATION   POLICY.  369 

The  President  trusts  that  the  day  is  far  distant,  indeed  he  hopes  a 
day  may  never  come,  when  two  kindred  nations  shall  consent  to 
apply  to  purposes  of  mutual  destruction  energies  which,  if  com- 
bined, are  capable  of  carrying  forward  to  a  pitch  never  yet  fully 
contemplated  the  improvement  in  the  condition  and  character  of 
mankind.  Such  an  apprehension  could  never  have  entered  the 
American  mind  if  it  had  not  been  schooled  by  the  experiences  of 
our  unnatural  civil  war  to  fear  that  popular  but  ephemeral  passion 
and  prejudice  may  sometimes,  in  any  country,  overmaster  all  senti- 
ments of  national  prudence,  truth,  justice,  and  humanity. 

This  government  does  not  fail  to  see  what  Europe  wants,  and  to 
see  that  it  is  just  what  the  United  States  want,  namely,  a  speedy 
and  absolute  conclusion  of  the  war.  Nor  does  the  government  fail 
to  see  that  it  is  demanded  with  equal  impatience  on  both  continents. 
It  may  be  possible  that  greater  activity  and  energy  than  have  been 
exhibited  could  have  been  put  forth  to  secure  that  end.  But  it  is 
believed  that  on  a  calm  and  critical  examination  it  will  appear  that, 
considering  the  situation  of  the  country,  the  very  popular  charac- 
ter, and  the  very  complex  republican  form  of  the  Constitution,  the 
magnitude  of  the  insurrection,  the  peculiarity  of  the  moral  and 
dynastic  principles  which  are  involved,  and  the  foreign  influences 
which  have  intervened,  the  progress  which  the  government  has 
made  in  suppressing  the  insurrection  is  an  achievement  which  has 
never  been  surpassed. 

The  conviction  which  I  have  so  confidently  expressed  to  you  dur- 
ing the  last  six  weeks,  that  the  insurrection  is  becoming  exhausted, 
and  which  event  seemed  so  strange  at  the  time  and  under  the  cir- 
cumstances when  it  was  expressed,  is  now  becoming  generally  ac- 
cepted, and  I  see  with  pleasure  that  it  begins  to  find  favor  in 
England.  You  did  not  exaggerate,  in  your  conversation  with  Earl 
Russell,  the  injurious  influences  here  of  the  speech  of  the  Chancellor 
of  the  Exchequer.  Indeed,  no  one  can  even  fully  appreciate  the 
importance  which  nations,  when  excited,  attach  to  the  conventional 
utterances  of  persons  in  authority.  When  it  is  remembered  that  a 
year  ago  the  public  mind  in  Great  Britain,  and  ever  that  of  her 
Majesty's  government,  was  affected  by  the  representation  of  alleged 
speeches  and  conversations  of  my  own,  delivered  before  my  coming 
into  my  present  position,  it  seems  strange  that  a  British  minister 
should  be  willing  to  speak,  extra-officially  and  without  a  govern- 
24 


370  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ment  purpose,  upon  an  American  question  in  a  sense  which  might 
be  interpreted  as  one  of  intervention,  if  not  of  menace.  It  was  to 
prevent  all  such  unfortunate  proceedings  on  the  part  of  the  repre- 
sentatives of  the  United  States  that  the  new  restraints  upon  our 
ministers    and   consuls,  of  which    you  have  already  been  advised, 

were  imposed. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

November  10,  1862.  —  It  is  probable  that  the  ground  which  the 
enemies  of  the  Union  in  Europe  will  next  assume,  in  prosecuting 
their  war  against  it,  will  be  an  alleged  defection  of  popular  support 
of  the  government  at  the  elections  recently  held  in  the  loyal  states. 
The  reports  of  the  results  of  these  elections  in  the  forms  adopted 
by  the  press  are  calculated,  though  not  designed,  to  give  plausibility 
to  this  position.  I  observe  that  these  reports  classify  the  members  of 
Congress  chosen  as  union  and  democratic,  or  union  and  opposition. 
Such  classifications,  though  unfortunate,  do  less  harm  here,  where 
all  the  circumstances  of  the  case  are  known,  than  abroad,  where 
names  are  understood  to  mean  what  they  express.  Last  year,  when 
the  war  began,  the  republicans,  who  were  a  plurality  of  the  electors, 
gave  up  their  party  name,  and,  joining  with  loyal  democrats,  put  in 
nomination  candidates  of  either  party  under  the  designation  of  a 
union  party.  The  democratic  party  made  but  a  spiritless  resistance 
in  the  canvass.  From  whatever  cause  it  has  happened,  political 
debates  during  the  present  year  have  resumed,  in  a  considerable 
degree,  their  normal  character,  and  while  loyal  republicans  have 
adhered  to  the  new  banner  of  the  union  party,  the  democratic  party 
has  rallied  and  made  a  vigorous  canvass  with  a  view  to  the  recovery 
of  its  former  political  ascendency.  Loyal  democrats  in  considerable 
number  retaining  the  name  of  democracy  from  habit,  and  not 
because  they  oppose  the  Union,  are  classified  by  the  other  party  as 
"  opposition."  It  is  not  necessary  for  the  information  of  our  repre- 
sentatives abroad  that  I  should  descend  into  any  examination  of  the 
relative  principles  or  policies  of  the  two  parties.  It  will  suffice  to  say 
that  while  there  may  be  men  of  doubtful  political  wisdom  and  virtue 
in  each  party,  and  while  there  may  be  differences  of  opinion  between 
the  two  parties  as  to  the  measures  best  calculated  to  preserve  the 
Union  and  restore  its  authority,  yet  it  is  not  to  be  inferred  that 
either  party,  or  any  considerable  portion  of  the  people  of  the  loyal 
states,  is  disposed  to  accept  disunion  under  any  circumstances,  or 


THE   EMANCIPATION   POLICY.  371 

upon  any  terms.  It  is  rather  to  be  understood  that  the  people  have 
become  so  confident  of  the  stability  of  the  Union  that  partisan 
combinations  are  resuming  their  sway  here,  as  they  do  in  such  cases 
in  all  free  countries.  In  this  country,  especially,  it  is  a  habit  not 
only  entirely  consistent  with  the  Constitution,  but  even  essential 
to  its  stability,  to  regard  the  administration  at  any  time  exist- 
ing as  distinct  and  separable  from  the  government  itself,  and  to 
canvass  the  proceedings  of  the  one  without  the  thought  of  disloyalty 
to  the  other.  We  might  possibly  have  had  quicker  success  in  sup- 
pressing the  insurrection  if  this  habit  could  have  rested  a  little 
longer  in  abeyance ;  but,  on  the  other  hand,  we  are  under  obliga- 
tions to  save  not  only  the  integrity  or  unity  of  the  country  but  also 
its  inestimable  and  precious  Constitution.  No  one  can  safely  say 
that  the  resumption  of  the  previous  popular  habit  does  not  tend  to 
this  last  and  most  important  consummation,  if  at  the  same  time,  as 
we  confidently  expect,  the  Union  itself  shall  be  saved. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

November  30,  1862.  —  The  President  is  far  from  asking  the  inter- 
ference of  France,  or  even  her  good  offices,  in  a  matter  which  dis- 
turbs the  relations  between  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain,  and 
which,  if  no  redress  is  given,  would  be  a  precedent  for  wide  infrac- 
tions of  the  law  of  nations.  At  the  same  time  the  President  does 
not  forget  that  in  the  case  of  the  Trent,  France,  in  a  generous  man- 
ner, appealed  to  the  United  States  to  redress  the  just  complaint  of 
Great  Britain,  and  that  both  of  those  parties  appreciated  her  inter- 
position. 

December  1,  1862  — It  is  expected  that  you  will  not  suffer  the 
cloud  that  has  recently  arisen,  as  it  were,  from  under  your  own  feet, 
to  excite  any  alarm  about  the  good  fortune  of  our  country.  It  is 
to  the  condition  of  affairs  at  home,  not  the  condition  of  opinion 
in  Europe,  that  we  must  look  if  we  would  understand  the  prospects 
of  our  country.  The  great  problem  of  domestic  slavery  in  the  United 
States  presented  itself  for  solution  when  the  war  began,  It  is  in 
process  of  solution  and  so  the  war  goes  on.  It  is  not  yet  solved,  and 
so  the  war  is  not  yet  ended.  The  people  of  the  United  States  are 
intensely  engaged  in  the  difficult  task.  If  it  questions  and  rejects 
one  process  of  solution  after  another,  that  does  not  prove  that  it  is 
abandoning  the  task.     On  the  contrary,  it  is  the  very  act  of  per- 


372  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

formance  of  the  task  itself.  If  the  performer  seemed  slow,  let  the 
observer  ask  where  or  when  did  any  nation  advance  faster  in  a 
labor  so  complex  and  so  difficult.  The  President's  message  will 
cany  the  public  mind  still  more  directly  and  more  earnestly  on  its 
great  work.  The  war  would  have  had  no  terrors  for  the  people  if 
they  had  not  feared  that  the  Union  could  not  endure  the  trial  of 
solving  that  problem.  Apprehensions  of  that  kind  are  beginning 
now  to  be  dismissed.  In  all  the  elements  of  strength,  power  and 
stability,  the  Union  is  stronger  when  Congress  meets  to-day  than 
it  was  when  Congress  met  a  year  ago.  In  all  the  same  elements 
the  insurrection  is  weaker.  Revolutions  do  not  revive  their  strength 
or  their  energy.  They  must  succeed  at  first,  or  at  least  gain  advan- 
tage continually,  or  they  must  perish.  A  year  ago  it  seemed  that 
any  foreign  nation  might  assail  and  destroy  us  at  a  blow.  I 
am  sure  that  no  one  foreign  nation  would  now  conceive  such  an 
attempt,  while  combination  of  several  powers  for  that  purpose  is 
impossible. 

December  29,  1862.  —  The  circumstances  calculated  to  excite  dis- 
trust of  the  friendly  feeling  of  France  towards  the  United  States, 
to  which  you  have  heretofore  directed  my  notice,  are  now  fixing 
public  attention  in  this  country  as  well  as  in  Europe.  Some  Euro- 
pean "observers  who  are  unfriendly  to  us,  or,  to  speak  more  accu- 
ratel}7-,  who  are  jealous  of  a  good  understanding  between  France 
and  the  United  States,  are  stimulating  popular  suspicions  here, 
which,  if  they  are  without  any  just  foundation,  as  the  President 
believes,  must  be  very  deeply  regretted  in  both  countries.  The 
form  which  these  suggestions  take  is,  that  France  has  design  to 
make  of  the  war  against  Mexico  only  an  introduction  to  aggres- 
sions against  the  United  States  in  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  or  on  its  coasts. 
The  interpretation  which  is  popularly  given  to  the  Emperor's  late 
overtures  to  Great  Britain  and  Russia  for  mediation  in  our  affairs 
favors  this  alarm,  and  is  consequently  causing  it  to  receive  a  very 
wide  acceptance. 

Satisfied, that  France,  equally  with  the  United  States,  desires  that 
the  mutual  and  almost  fraternal  sympathies  that  so  long  have  pre- 
vailed in  the  two  countries  shall  remain  undisturbed,  it  becomes 
a  grave  question  whether  it  is  not  expedient  that  Mr.  Drouyn  de 
1'IIuys  shall  do  or  say  something  to  correct  the  impressions  to  which 
I  have  adverted. 


FRANCE  AND   THE  UNION.  373 

When  the  French  government  looks  to  the  land  and  naval  rein- 
forcements which  the  President  has  just  sent  to  New  Orleans  and 
the  Mississippi,  and  to  the  now  rapid  departure  of  our  iron-clad 
vessels  to  their  southern  destination,  it  must  perceive  that  in  no 
case  do  we  expect  to  surrender  that  river  or  any  part  of  the  Gulf 
coast  to  insurgents  or  to  any  foreign  power.  The  same  inference 
will  be  justly  drawn  from  the  important  change  of  the  war 
policy  in  regard  to  slavery,  which  will  be  completely  announced 
in  the  President's  forthcoming  proclamation  of  the  first  of  January 
next. 

It  is  very  generally  understood  that  there  is  some  peculiar  sympa- 
thetic relationship  between  Louisiana  and  France,  which  has  an  im- 
portant political  significance  in  regard  to  the  relations  of  the  two 
countries.  Nothing  could  be  wider  from  the  truth.  New  Orleans,  in 
its  early  history,  as  a  capital  of  the  vast  but  wild  French  province  of 
Louisiana,  was  French  ;  but  so  was  St.  Louis,  then  as  now  an  im- 
portant trading  post,  situated  a  thousand  miles  above  New  Orleans, 
on  the  Mississippi  River.  With  the  annexation  of  Louisiana  to  the 
United  States,  if  not  before,  French  immigration  stopped,  and 
American  immigration  set  in  there.  New  Orleans  is  at  this  day 
American  in  the  same  fixed  sense  that  New  York,  Boston,  and  Cin- 
cinnati are.  There  is  a  small  French  commercial  interest  in  New 
Orleans,  but  so  there  is  in  New  York.  It  is  as  completely  exotic  as 
if  it  had  been  lately  engrafted  on  an  American  stock,  instead  of 
having  an  American  graft  set  upon  itself,  which  has  absorbed  the 
chief  life  of  the  community.  The  French  relationship  existing 
between  New  Orleans  and  France  is  now  merely  the  relationship  of 
a  social  class,  perhaps  I  might  say  a  creation  of  fashion.  As  proof 
of  this  you  may  refer  to  the  fact  that  the  French  representation  of 
New  Orleans  in  both  houses  of  Congress  has  dwindled  away  year 
after  year  until  a  Frenchman  is  rarely  found  in  it.  There  is  another 
proof:  Even  the  insurgents,  when  they  choose  in  New  Orleans  pi*e- 
tended  representatives  to  go  to  France,  take  not  Frenchmen,  but 
natives  or  persons  derived  from  the  prevailing  stocks  of  the  other 
states.  There  is  now  no  more  a  hook  for  a  French  intervention  to 
grapple  to  in  Louisiana  than  there  is  in  any  other  state  of  this 
Union.  This  fact  is  even  more  palpable  now  than  it  has  been  here- 
tofore.    The  war  makes  social  and  political  changes  here,  as  it  nee- 


374  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

essarily  must.  They  are  none  the  less  real  because  they  escape  for 
a  time  the  attention  of  a  class  of  observers  who  fasten  themselves 
upon  events  which  merely  strike  the  imagination.  If  you  could 
return  home  you  would  be  surprised  to  find  Baltimore  and  Wash- 
ington so  changed  that  you  would  scarcely  perceive  a  difference 
in  the  tone  of  society  there  from  what  prevails  in  Chicago  and 
Trenton. 

There  is  a  second  consideration  which  the  French  government 
ought  to  understand.  The  attachment  of  the  people  of  the  United 
States  to  France  differs  from  the  sentiment  they  bear  towards  every 
other  country.  It  is  general,  practically  universal.  But  it  is  an 
attachment  that  has  its  roots  not  in  natural  affinity,  nor  yet  in  in- 
ternational motives.  It  is  the  fruit  of  two  purely  moral  sentiments 
—  justice  and  gratitude.  We  all  have  been  educated  to  pity  the 
fate  of  Louis  XVI.,  who  was  our  friend  —  to  admire  Lafayette,  who 
was  a  chivalrous  knight-errant  in  our  Revolutionary  cause  —  to 
admire  Napoleon  the  First,  who  saved  and  restored  France  by  his 
genius  and  his  valor.  We  honor  and  love  all  France,  because  she 
has  constantly  cherished  with  pride  and  pleasure  the  memories  of 
the  period  when  we  were  allies,  because  she  has  been  willing  that 
we  should  endure,  and  hopeful  of  our  social,  political,  and  civil 
institutions.  The  affection  of  the  American  people  is  attended,  not 
by  any  national  sense  of  weakness,  or  dependence,  or  fear,  or  of 
interest,  but  by  a  luxuriant  Americanism,  or  love  of  independence. 
It  is  more  honorable  to  France  for  being  so ;  for  there  is  for  nations 
no  esteem  that  is  worthy  of  pride,  or  that  can  be  relied  upon  as  a 
bond  of  friendship,  but  that  which  is  the  outgrowth  of  national 
magnanimity. 

The  fact  that  the  national  attachment  of  this  country  to  France 
is  so  pure  and  so  elevated,  constitutes  just  the  reason  why  it  could 
be  more  easily  supplanted  by  national  insult  or  injustice  than  our 
attachment  to  any  other  foreign  state  could  be.  It  is  a  chivalrous 
sentiment,  and  it  must  be  preserved  by  chivalrous  conduct  and 
bearing  on  both  sides.  I  deduce  from  the  two  positions  which  I 
have  presented  a  conclusion  which  has  the  most  solemn  interest  for 
both  parties,  namely,  that  any  attempt  at  dictation  —  much  more 
any  aggression  committed  by  the  government  of  France  against  the 
United  States — would  more  certainly  and  effectively  rouse  the 
American  people  to  an  attitude  of  determined  resistance  than  a  sim- 


FRANCE  AND   THE   UNION.  375 

ilar  affront  or  injury  committed  by  any  other  power.  There  is 
reason  to  believe  that  interested  sympathizers  with  the  insurrection 
in  this  country  have  reported  to  the  French  government  that  it 
would  find  a  party  here  disposed  to  accept  its  mediation  or  interven- 
tion. I  understand  that  they  reckon  upon  a  supposed  sympathy 
between  our  democratic  citizens  and  the  French  government.  It 
may  as  well  be  understood  as  soon  as  possible  that  we  have  no 
democrats  who  do  not  cherish  the  independence  of  our  country 
as  the  first  element  of  democratic  faith,  while,  on  the  other  hand, 
it  is  partiality  for  France  that  makes  us  willingly  shut  our  eyes  to 
the  fact  that  that  great  nation  is  only  advancing  towards,  instead  of 
having  reached,  the  democratic  condition  which  attracts  us  in  some 
other  countries. 

If  we  understand  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  he  is  capable  of  believ- 
ing that  the  sentiments  I  have  expressed  may  be  maintained  and 
avowed  with  the  most  perfect  respect  and  the  most  cordial  feeling 
towards  France,  because  they  are  sentiments  which,  in  an  American, 
are  as  virtuous  as  devotion  to  the  intellectual  and  moral  ideals  of 
France  are  in  a  Frenchman. 

Since  I  began  this  communication  I  have  received,  by  a  delayed 
mail,  your  despatch  of  the  12th  of  December,  in  which  you  have 
set  down  explanations  made  by  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  which  are 
just  such  as  it  was  my  object  on  this  occasion  to  instruct  you  to 
solicit.  You  know  how  confidingly  we  accept  assurances  of  this 
character  from  France,  and,  therefore,  I  hardly  need  say  that  they 
are  entirely  satisfactory. 

Mr.  Seward  to  all  of  the  Diplomatic  and  Consular  Agents  of  the  United 

States. 

January  3,  1863.  —  You  will  receive  herewith  a  copy  of  a  proc- 
lamation which  was  issued  by  the  President  on  the  first  day  of  Jan- 
uary instant,  in  which  he  designates  the  states  and  parts  of  states 
which  yet  remain  in  insurrection  against  the  United  States,  and 
gives  effect  to  the  proclamation  which  he  issued  on  the  22d  day  of 
September  last,  and  in  which  it  was  announced  that  the  slaves 
within  such  states  and  districts  would,  as  a  measure  of  military 
necessity  on  the  said  first  day  of  January,  be  declared  forever  free. 
Through  this  great  act,  slavery  will  practically  be  brought  to  an  end 
in  eight  of  the  states  of  this  Union  and  in  the  greater  portions  of 


376  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

two  other  states.     The  number  of  slaves  thus  restored  to  freedom 
is  about  three  and  one  half  millions. 

The  President  entertains  no  doubt  that  this  transaction  will  com- 
mend itself  to  the  enlightened  judgment  and  moral  approbation  of 
not  only  all  Christian  states,  but  of  mankind. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

February  6,  1863.  —  The  intimation  given  in  your  despatch  of 
January  15th,  that  I  might  expect  a  special  visit  from  M.  Mercier 
has  been  realized.  He  called  on  the  3d  instant,  and  gave  me  a  copy 
of  a  despatch  which  he  had  just  then  received  from  M.  Drouyn  de 
l'Huvs  under  the  date  of  the  9th  of  Januarv. 

I  have  taken  the  President's  instructions,  and  I  now  proceed  to 
give  you  his  views  upon  the  subject  in  question. 

It  has  been  considered  with  seriousness,  resulting  from  the  reflec- 
tion that  the  people  of  Franco  are  known  to  be  faultless  sharers 
with  the  American  nation  in  the  misfortunes  and  calamities  of  our 
unhappy  civil  war ;  nor  do  we  on  this,  any  more  than  on  other  oc- 
casions, forget  the  traditional  friendship  of  the  two  countries,  which 
we  unhesitatingly  believe  has  inspired  the  counsels  that  M.  Drouyn 
de  l'Huys  has  imparted. 

He  says :  "  the  Federal  government  does  not  despair,  we  know, 
of  giving  more  active  impulse  to  hostilities;  "  and  again  he  remarks, 
"the  protraction  of  the  struggle,  in  a  word,  has  not  shaken  the  con- 
fidence [of  the  Federal  government]  in  the  definitive  success  of  its 
efforts." 

These  passages  seem  to  me  to  do  unintentional  injustice  to  the 
language,  whether  confidential  or  public,  in  which  this  government 
has  constantly  spoken  on  the  subject  of  the  war.  It  certainly  has 
had  and  avowed  only  one  purpose —  a  determination  to  preserve  the 
integrity  of  the  country.  So  far  from  admitting  any  laxity  of  effort, 
or  betraying  any  despondency,  the  government  has,  on  the  con- 
trary, borne  itself  cheerfully  in  all  vicissitudes,  with  unwavering 
confidence  in  an  early  and  complete  triumph  of  the  national  cause. 
Now,  when  we  are,  in  a  manner,  invited  by  a  friendly  power  to  re- 
view the  twenty-one  months'  history  of  the  conflict,  we  find  no  occa- 
sion to  abate  that  confidence.  Through  such  an  alternation  of  vic- 
tories and  defeats  as  is  the  appointed  incident  of  every  war,  the  land 
and  naval  forces  of  the  United  States  have  steadily  advanced,  re- 


MEDIATION.  377 

claiming  from  the  insurgents  the  ports,  forts,  and  posts  which  they 
had  treacherously  seized  before  the  strife  actually  began,  and  even 
before  it  was  seriously  apprehended.  So  many  of  the  states  and 
districts  which  the  insurgents  included  in  the  field  of  their  projected 
exclusive  slaveholding  dominions  have  already  been  reestablished 
under  the  flag  of  the  Union,  that  they  now  retain  only  the  states  of 
Georgia,  Alabama,  and  Texas,  with  half  of  Virginia,  half  of  North 
Carolina,  and  two  thirds  of  South  Carolina,  half  of  Mississippi,  and 
one  third  respectively  of  Arkansas  and  Louisiana.  The  national 
forces  hold  even  this  small  territory  in  close  blockade  and  siege. 

This  government,  if  required,  does  not  hesitate  to  submit  its 
achievements  to  the  test  of  comparison  ;  and  it  maintains  that  in  no 
part  of  the  world,  and  in  no  times,  ancient  or  modern,  has  a  nation, 
when  rendered  all  unready  for  combat  by  the  enjoyment  of  eighty 
years  of  almost  unbroken  peace,  so  quickly  awakened  at  the  alarm 
of  sedition,  put  forth  energies  so  vigorous,  and  achieved  successes  so 
signal  and  effective  as  those  which  have  marked  the  progress  of  this 
contest  on  the  part  of  the  Union. 

M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  I  fear,  has  taken  other  light  than  the  cor- 
respondence of  this  government  for  his  guidance  in  ascertaining  its 
temper  and  firmness.  He  has  probably  read  of  divisions  of  senti- 
ment among  those  who  hold  themselves  forth  as  organs  of  public 
opinion  here,  and  has  given  to  them  an  undue  importance.  It  is  to 
be  remembered  that  this  is  a  nation  of  thirty  millions,  civilly  di- 
vided into  forty-one  states  and  territories,  which  cover  an  expanse 
hardly  less  than  Europe  ;  that  the  people  are  a  pure  democracy, 
exercising  everywhere  the  utmost  freedom  of  speech  and  suffrage ; 
that  a  great  crisis  necessarily  produces  vehement  as  well  as  pro- 
found debate,  with  sharp  collisions  of  individual,  local,  and  sectional 
interests,  sentiments  and  ambitions  ;  and  that  this  heat  of  contro- 
versy is  increased  by  the  intervention  of  speculations,  interests, 
prejudices,  and  passions  from  every  other  part  of  the  civilized 
world.  It  is,  however,  through  such  debates  that  the  agreement  of 
the  nation  upon  any  subject  is  habitually  attained,  its  resolutions 
formed,  and  its  policy  established.  While  there  has  been  much 
difference  of  popular  opinion  and  favor  concerning  the  agents  who 
shall  carry  on  the  war,  the  principles  on  which  it  shall  be  waged,  and 
the  means  with  which  it  shall  be  prosecuted,  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys 
has  only  to  refer  to  the  statute  book  of  Congress  and  the  executive 


378  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ordinances  to  learn  that  the  national  activity  has  hitherto  been  and 
yet  is,  as  efficient  as  that  of  any  other  nation,  whatever  its  form  of 
government,  ever  was,  under  circumstances  of  equally  grave  import 
to  its  peace,  safety,  and  welfare.  Not  one  voice  has  been  raised 
anywhere,  out  of  the  immediate  field  of  the  insurrection,  in  favor 
of  foreign  intervention,  of  mediation,  of  arbitration,  or  of  compro- 
mise, with  the  relinquishment  of  one  acre  of  the  national  domain, 
or  the  surrender  of  even  one  constitutional  franchise.  At  the  same 
time  it  is  manifest  to  the  world  that  our  resources  are  yet  abundant, 
and  our  credit  adequate  to  the  existing  emergency. 

What  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  suggests  is  that  this  government  shall 
appoint  commissioners  to  meet,  on  neutral  ground,  commissioners  of 
the  insurgents.  He  supposes  that  in  the  conferences  to  be  thus 
held,  reciprocal  complaints  could  be  discussed,  and  in  place  of  the 
accusations  which  the  North  and  South  now  mutually  cast  upon 
each  other,  the  conferees  would  be  engaged  with  discussions  of  the 
interests  which  divide  them.  He  assumes,  further,  that  the  com- 
missioners would  seek,  by  means  of  well-ordered  and  profound  de- 
liberation, whether  these  interests  are  definitively  irreconcilable, 
whether  separation  is  an  extreme  that  can  no  longer  be  avoided,  or 
whether  the  memories  of  a  common  existence,  the  ties  of  every  kind 
which  have  made  the  North  and  the  South  one  whole  federative 
state,  and  have  borne  them  on  to  so  high  a  degree  of  prosperity,  are 
not  more  powerful  than  the  causes  which  have  placed  arms  in  the 
hands  of  the  two  populations. 

The  suggestion  is  not  an  extraordinary  one,  and  it  may  well  have 
been  thought  by  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  in  the  earnestness  of 
his  benevolent  desire  for  the  restoration  of  peace,  a  feasible  one. 
But  when  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  shall  come  to  review  it  in  the  light 
in  which  it  must  necessarily  be  examined  in  this  country,  I  think 
he  can  hardly  fail  to  perceive  that  it  amounts  to  nothing  less  than 
a  proposition  that,  while  this  government  is  engaged  in  suppressing 
an  armed  insurrection,  with  the  purpose  of  maintaining  the  consti- 
tutional national  authority,  and  preserving  the  integrity  of  the 
country,  it  shall  enter  into  diplomatic  discussion  with  the  insurgents 
upon  the  questions  whether  that  authority  shall  not  be  renounced, 
and  whether  the  country  shall  not  be  delivered  over  to  disunion,  to 
be  quickly  followed  by  ever  increasing  anarchy. 

If  it  were  possible  for  the  government  of  the  United  States  to 


MEDIATION.  379 

compromise  the  national  authority  so  far  as  to  enter  into  such  de- 
bates, it  is  not  easy  to  perceive  what  good  results  could  be  obtained 
by  them. 

The  commissioners  must  agree  in  recommending  either  that  the 
Union  shall  stand  or  that  it  shall  be  voluntarily  dissolved;  or  else 
they  must  leave  the  vital  question  unsettled,  to  abide  at  last  the 
fortunes  of  the  war.  The  government  has  not  shut  out  knowledge 
of  the  present  temper,  any  more  than  of  the  past  purposes  of  the 
insurgents.  There  is  not  the  least  ground  to  suppose  that  the  con- 
trolling actors  would  be  persuaded  at  this  moment,  by  any  argu- 
ments which  national  commissioners  could  offer,  to  forego  the  am- 
bition that  has  impelled  them  to  the  disloyal  position  they  are 
occupying.  Any  commissioners  who  should  be  appointed  by  these 
actors,  or  through  their  dictation  or  influence,  must  enter  the  confer- 
ence imbued  with  the  spirit  and  pledged  to  the  personal  fortunes 
of  the  insurgent  chiefs.  The  loyal  people  in  the  insurrectionary 
states  would  be  unheard,  and  any  offer  of  peace  by  this  government, 
on  the  condition  of  the  maintenance  of  the  Union,  must  necessarily 
be  rejected. 

On  the  other  hand,  as  I  have  already  intimated,  this  government 
has  not  the  least  thought  of  relinquishing  the  trust  which  has  been 
confided  to  it  by  the  nation  under  the  most  solemn  of  all  political 
sanctions  ;  and  if  it  had  any  such  thought,  it  would  still  have  abun- 
dant reason  to  know  that  peace  proposed  at  the  cost  of  dissolution 
would  be  immediately,  unreservedly,  and  indignantly  rejected  by 
the  American  people.  It  is  a  great  mistake  that  European  states- 
men make,  if  they  suppose  this  people  are  demoralized.  Whatever, 
in  the  case  of  an  insurrection,  the  people  of  France,  or  of  Great 
Britain,  or  of  Switzerland,  or  of  the  Netherlands  would  do  to  save 
their  national  existence,  no  matter  how  the  strife  might  be  regarded 
by  or  might  affect  foreign  nations,  just  so  much,  and  certainly  no 
less,  the  people  of  the  United  States  will  do,  if  necessary,  to  save  for 
the  common  benefit  the  region  which  is  bounded  by  the  Pacific  and 
the  Atlantic  coasts,  and  by  the  shores  of  the  Gulfs  of  St.  Lawrence 
and  Mexico,  together  with  the  free  and  common  navigation  of  the  Rio 
Grande,  Missouri,  Arkansas,  Mississippi,  Ohio,  St.  Lawrence,  Hud- 
son, Delaware,  Potomac,  and  other  natural  highways  by  which  this 
land,  which  to  them  is  at  once  a  land  of  inheritance  and  a  land  of 
promise,  is  opened  and  watered.     Even  if  the  agents  of  the  Ameri- 


3S0  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

can  people  now  exercising  their  power  should,  through  fear  or  fac- 
tion, fall  below  this  height  of  the  national  virtue,  they  would  be 
speedily,  yet  constitutionally,  replaced  by  others  of  sterner  charac- 
ter and  patriotism. 

I  must  be  allowed  to  say,  also,  that  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  errs  in 
his  description  of  the  parties  to  the  present  conflict.  We  have 
here,  in  the  political  sense,  no  North  and  South,  no  Northern  and 
Southern  States.  We  have  an  insurrectionary  party  which  is  lo- 
cated chiefly  upon  and  adjacent  to  the  shore  of  the  Gulf  of  Mex- 
ico ;  and  we  have,  on  the  other  hand,  a  loyal  people,  who  constitute 
not  only  Northern  States  but  also  Eastern,  Middle,  Western,  and 
Southern  States. 

I  have  on  many  occasions  heretofore  submitted  to  the  French 
government  the  President's  views  of  the  interests,  and  the  ideas 
more  effective  for  the  time  than  even  interests,  which  lie  at  the 
bottom  of  the  determination  of  the  American  government  and 
people  to  maintain  the  Federal  Union.  The  President  has  done 
the  same  thing  in  his  messages  and  other  public  declarations.  I 
refrain,  therefore,  from  reviewing  that  argument  in  connection  with 
the  existing  question. 

M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  draws  to  his  aid  the  conferences  which  took 
place  between  the  colonies  and  Great  Britain  in  our  revolutionary 
war.  He  will  allow  us  to  assume  that  action  in  the  crisis  of  a  nation 
must  accord  with  its  necessities,  and  therefore  can  seldom  be  con- 
formed to  precedents.  Great  Britain,  when  entering  on  negotia- 
tions, had  manifestly  come  to  entertain  doubts  of  her  ultimate  suc- 
cess ;  and  it  is  certain  that  the  councils  of  the  colonies  could  not 
fail  to  take  new  courage,  if  not  to  gain  other  advantage  when  the 
parent  state  compromised  so  far  as  to  treat  of  peace  on  the  terms 
of  conceding  their  independence. 

It  is  true,  indeed,  that  peace  must  come  at  some  time,  and  that 
conferences  must  attend,  if  they  are  not  allowed  to  precede  the  pa- 
cification. There  is,  however,  a  better  form  for  such  conferences 
than  the  one  which  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  suggests.  The  latter 
would  be  palpably  in  derogation  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States,  and  would  carry  no  weight,  because  destitute  of  the  sanction 
necessary  to  bind  either  the  disloyal  or  the  loyal  portions  of  the 
people.  On  the  other  hand,  the  Congress  of  the  United  States  fur- 
nishes a  constitutional  forum  for  debates  between  the  alienated  par- 


SYMPATHY   OF   BRITISH   ARTISANS.  381 

ties.  Senators  and  representatives  from  the  loyal  portion  of  the 
people  are  there  already,  freely  empowered  to  confer ;  and  seats 
also  are  vacant,  and  inviting  senators  and  representatives  of  this 
discontented  party  who  may  be  constitutionally  sent  there  from  the 
states  involved  in  the  insurrection.  Moreover,  the  conferences  which 
can  thus  be  held  in  Congress  have  this  great  advantage  over  any 
that  could  be  organized  upon  the  plan  of  M.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys, 
namely,  that  the  Congress,  if  it  were  thought  wise,  could  call  a 
national  convention  to  adopt  its  recommendations,  and  give  them  all 
the  solemnity  and  binding  force  of  organic  law.  Such  conferences 
between  the  alienated  parties  may  be  said  to  have  already  begun. 
Maryland,  Virginia,  Kentucky,  Tennessee,  and  Missouri — states 
which  are  claimed  by  the  insurgents  —  are  already  represented  in 
Congress,  and  submitting  with  perfect  freedom  and  in  a  proper  spirit 
their  advice  upon  the  course  best  calculated  to  bring  about,  in  the 
shortest  time,  a  firm,  lasting,  and  honorable  peace.  Representatives 
have  been  sent  also  from  Louisiana,  and  others  are  understood  to  be 
coming  from  Arkansas. 

There  is  a  preponderating  argument  in  favor  of  the  congressional 
form  of  conference  over  that  which  is  suggested  by  M.  Drouyn  de 
l'Huys,  namely,  that  while  an  accession  to  the  latter  would  bring 
this  government  into  a  concurrence  with  the  insurgents  in  disregard- 
ing and  setting  aside  an  important  part  of  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States,  and  so  would  be  of  pernicious  example,  the  con- 
gressional conference,  on  the  contrary,  preserves  and  gives  new 
strength  to  that  sacred  writing  which  must  continue  through  future 
ages  the  sheet  anchor  of  the  Republic. 

You  will  be  at  liberty  to  read  this  despatch  to  M.  Drouyn  de 
l'Huys,  and  to  give  him  a  copy  if  he  shall  desire  it.1 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

March  16,  1863.  —  You  will  communicate  to  the  thirteen  thousand 
five  hundred  inhabitants  of  Birmingham  the  sincere  and  grateful 
thanks  of  the  President  for  the  sentiments  which  they  have  ex- 
pressed in  their  address,  which,  through  my  hands,  has  been  laid 
before  him.2 

You  will  say  to  them  that  they  have  truly  interpreted  the  charac- 

1  The  above  despatch  does  not  appear  in  the  government  edition  of  the  Diplomatic  Correspondence. 
1  The  above  is  only  one  of  many  similar  cases- 


382  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ter  and  nature  of  the  contest  in  this  country,  which  so  largely 
engages  the  attention  of  foreign  nations.  The  question  which  is 
being  decided  in  arms  is,  as  they  have  truly  said,  whether  a  nation 
shall  be  built  and  established,  even  here  in  the  heart  of  this  hitherto 
free  country,  and  upon  this  yet  new  and  imperfectly  reclaimed  con- 
tinent, upon  the  principles  that  labor  shall  be  not  free  and  compen- 
sated, but  involuntary  and  unpaid ;  and  that  African  men,  women, 
and  children,  once  made  captive  on  their  native  coasts  by  fraud  or 
force,  and  imported  here,  thereby  shall  lose  at  once  all  the  lights  of 
manhood,  and  forever  thereafter,  through  all  generations,  shall  be 
merely  lawful  goods  and  chattels,  wares,  and  merchandise.  It 
is  not,  however,  the  President,  nor  yet  the  loyal  people  of  the 
United  States,  who  have  raised  this  issue,  or  brought  it  to  the  trial 
of  civil  war.  Lawfully  standing  under,  and  solemnly  bound  by,  the 
public  will  and  laws  of  the  Union,  to  uphold  a  Constitution  which 
was  established  with  the  concurrence  of  the  insurgents  themselves 
upon  the  broad  foundation  of  human  rights,  this  government  and  the 
American  people  have  accepted  the  fearful  issue  only  when  that 
Constitution  itself  must  be  surrendered,  if  the  conflict  should  be 
longer  declined.  We  occupy  at  one  and  the  same  time  the  position 
of  lovers  of  peace  and  defenders  of  humanity.  The  President  has 
not  for  one  moment  believed  —  he  refuses  to  believe  —  against  all 
expositions  of  British  and  of  European  opinion  to  the  contrary,  no 
matter  how  assuming  or  how  authoritative  they  may  appear,  that 
the  deliberate  judgment  of  the  British  nation  has  been  or  can  well 
be  pronounced  against  the  American  people. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

MayW,  1863.  —  This  government  is  profoundly  and  agreeably 
impressed  with  the  consideration  which  the  Emperor  has  manifested 
towards  the  United  States  by  inviting  their  concurrence  in  a  pro-, 
ceeding  having  for  its  object  the  double  interests  of  public  order 
and  humanity.1  Nor  is  it  less  favorably  impressed  with  the  senti- 
ments and  the  prudential  considerations  which  the  Emperor  has  in 
so  becoming  a  manner  expressed  to  the  court  of  St.  Petersburg. 
They  are  such  only  as  appeal  to  the  just  emotions  and  best  sympa- 
thies of  mankind.  The  enlightened  and  humane  character  of  the 
Emperor  of  Russia,  so  recently  illustrated  by  the  enfranchisement 

1  Mediation  with  Russia  in  regard  to  the  Poles. 


AMERICAN   POLICY   OF   NON-INTERVENTION.  383 

of  a  large  mass  of  the  Russian  people  from  inherited  bondage,  and 
the  establishment  of  an  impartial  and  effective  administration  of 
justice  throughout  his  dominions,  warrant  a  belief  that  the  appeal 
will  be  received  and  responded  to  by  him  with  all  the  favor  that  is 
consistent  with  the  general  welfare  of  the  great  state  over  which  he 
presides  with  such  eminent  wisdom  and  moderation. 

Notwithstanding,  however,  the  favor  with  which  we  thus  regard 
the  suggestion  of  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  this  government  finds 
an  insurmountable  difficulty  in  the  way  of  any  active  cooperation 
with  the  governments  of  France,  Austria,  and  Great  Britain,  to 
which  it  is  thus  invited. 

Founding  our  institutions  upon  the  basis  of  the  rights  of  man,  the 
builders  of  our  Republic  came  all  at  once  to  be  regarded  as  politi- 
cal reformers,  and  it  soon  became  manifest  that  revolutionists  in 
every  country  hailed  them  in  that  character,  and  looked  to  the 
United  States  for  effective  sympathy,  if  not  for  active  support  and 
patronage.  Our  invaluable  Constitution  had  hardly  been  estab- 
lished when  it  became  necessary  for  the  government  of  the  United 
States  to  consider  to  what  extent  we  could,  with  propriety,  safety, 
and  beneficence,  intervene,  either  by  alliance  or  concerted  action 
with  friendly  powers  or  otherwise,  in  the  political  affairs  of  foreign 
states.  An  urgent  appeal  for  such  aid  and  sympathy  was  made  in 
behalf  of  France,  and  the  appeal  was  sanctioned  and  enforced  by  the 
treaty  then  existing  of  mutual  alliance  and  defence,  a  treaty  without 
which  it  may  even  now  be  confessed,  to  the  honor  of  France,  our 
own  sovereignty  and  independence  could  not  have  been  so  early  se- 
cured. So  deeply  did  this  appeal  touch  the  heart  of  the  American 
people,  that  only  the  deference  they  cherished  to  the  counsels  of  the 
Father  of  our  Country,  who  then  was  at  the  fulness  of  his  unap- 
proachable moral  greatness,  reconciled  them  to  the  stern  decision 
that,  in  view  of  the  location  of  this  republic,  the  characters,  habits, 
and  sentiments  of  its  constituent  parts,  and  especially  its  complex 
yet  unique  and  very  popular  Constitution,  the  American  people 
must  be  content  to  recommend  the  cause  of  human  progress  by  the 
wisdom  with  which  they  should  exercise  the  powers  of  self-govern- 
ment, forbearing  at  all  times,  and  in  every  way,  from  foreign  alli- 
ances, intervention,  and  interference. 

It  is  true  that  Washington  thought  a  time  might  come  when,  our 
institutions  being  firmly  consolidated  and  working  with  complete 


384  SELECTIONS    FROM    DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

success,  we  might  safely  and  perhaps  beneficially  take  part  in  the 
consultations  held  by  foreign  states  for  the  common  advantage  of 
the  nations.  Since  that  period  occasions  have  frequently  happened 
which  presented  seductions  to  a  departure  from  what,  superficially 
viewed,  seemed  a  course  of  isolation  and  indifference.  It  is  scarcely 
necessary  to  recur  to  them.  One  was  an  invitation  to  a  congress  of 
newly  emancipated  Spanish-American  states;  another  an  urgent  ap- 
peal to  aid  Hungary  in  a  revolution  aiming  at  the  restoration  of  her 
ancient  and  illustrious  independence  ;  another,  the  project  of  a  joint 
guarantee  of  Cuba  to  Spain  in  concurrence  with  France  and  Great 
Britain  ;  and  more  recently,  an  invitation  to  a  cooperative  demonstra- 
tion with  Spain,  France,  and  Great  Britain  in  Mexico ;  and,  later  still, 
suggestions  by  some  of  the  Spanish-American  states  for  a  common 
council  of  the  republican  states  situated  upon  the  American  continent. 
These  suggestions  were  successively  disallowed  by  the  government, 
and  its  decision  was  approved  in  each  case  by  the  deliberate  judg- 
ment of  the  American  people.  Our  policy  of  non-intervention, 
straight,  absolute,  and  peculiar  as  it  may  seem  to  other  nations,  has 
thus  become  a  traditional  one,  which  could  not  be  abandoned  with- 
out the  most  urgent  occasion,  amounting  to  a  manifest  necessity. 
Certainly  it  could  not  be  wisely  departed  from  at  this  moment, 
when  the  existence  of  a  local,  although  as  we  trust  only  a  transient 
disturbance,  deprives  the  government  of  the  counsel  of  a  portion  of 
the  American  people,  to  whom  so  wide  a  departure  from  the  settled 
policy  of  the  country  must  in  any  case  be  deeply  interesting. 

The  President  will  not  allow  himself  to  think  for  a  single  moment 
that  the  Emperor  of  the  French  will  see  anything  but  respect  and 
friendship  for  himself  and  the  people  of  France,  with  good  wishes 
for  the  preservation  of  peace  and  order,  and  the  progress  of  human- 
ity in  Europe,  in  the  adherence  of  the  United  States  on  this  occasion 
to  the  policy  which  they  have  thus  far  pursued  with  safety,  and 
not  without  advantage,  as  they  think,  to  the  interests  of  man- 
kind. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

July  11,  1863.  —  Your  despatch  of  the  26th  of  June  has  been 
received,  together  with  three  paper  books  containing  a  report  of 
the  trial  of  the  Alexandra. 

In  giving  you  the  President's  views  in  regard  to  that  case  and 


THE   CONTEST   IN   THE   BRITISH    COURTS.  385 

the  questions  depending  upon  it,  I  labor  under  some  embarrassments, 
resulting  from  an  ignorance  of  what  may  have  occurred  in  Europe 
since  the  date  of  your  despatch.  It  is  known  here  that  at  that  time 
a  movement  in  the  House  of  Commons  demanding  a  recognition  of 
the  insurgents  by  her  Majesty's  government  was  set  down  for  the 
30th  of  June,  and  that  yon  were  not  altogether  without  apprehension 
that  the  movement,  aided  by  a  moral  effect  of  the  verdict  in  the 
case  of  the  Alexandra,  and  backed  by  a  supposed  patronage  in 
France,  might  prevail.  Secondly,  we  have  not  altogether  been  able 
to  disregard  the  rumors  of  a  design  of  the  Emperor  of  France  to 
recognize  the  insurgents,  with  or  without  the  concurrence  of  the 
government  of  Great  Britain.  Thirdly,  that  movement  was  to  be 
based  upon  the  ground  of  the  demonstrated  failure  of  the  armies  of 
the  Union  ;  but  while  it  was  going  on,  those  armies  have  achieved 
victories  which  here  are  regarded  as  warranting  an  expectation  of  a 
complete  and  rapid  extinguishment  of  the  insurrection.  These 
brilliant  and  important  victories,  however,  are  as  yet  unknown  in 
Europe. 

Under  these  circumstances,  I  shall  assume  that  no  act  has  been 
done  by  the  government  of  France  or  by  the  government  of  Great 
Britain,  especially  by  the  latter,  to  change  the  relations  that  have 
heretofore  existed  between  those  countries,  respectively,  and  the 
United  States,  and  I  shall  confine  myself  to  the  duty  of  explaining 
frankly  the  opinions  of  the  President,  and  the  policy  which  he  will 
pursue  in  regard  to  maritime  questions  in  view  of  the  result  in  the 
case  of  the  Alexandra. 

First.  You  are  authorized  and  expected  to  assure  Earl  Russell 
that  this  government  is  entirely  satisfied  that  her  Majesty's  govern- 
ment have  conducted  the  proceedings  in  that  case  with  perfect  good 
faith  and  honor,  and  that  they  are  well  disposed  to  prevent  the  fit- 
ting out  of  armed  vessels  in  British  ports  to  depredate  upon  Ameri- 
can commerce  and  to  make  war  against  the  United  States. 

Secondly.  This  government  is  satisfied  that  the  law  officers  of  the 
crown  have  performed  their  duties  in  regard  to  the  case  of  the  Alex- 
andra with  a  sincere  conviction  of  the  adequacy  of  the  law  of  Great 
Britain  and  a  sincere  desire  to  give  it  effect. 

Thirdly.  The  government  of  the  United  States  does  not  descend 
to  inquire  whether  the  jury  in  the  case  were  or  were  not  impar- 
tial.   It  willingly  believes  they  were  so,  and  it  accepts  the  statement 

25 


386  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

made  with  so  much  unanimity  by  all  the  reporters  of  the  case,  that 
the  judge  who  presided  at  the  trial  made  the  bench  responsible  for 
the  verdict  by  the  boldness  and  directness  of  his  rulings  against  the 
prosecution. 

Fourthly.  Great  Britain  being  a  free  and  constitutional  country, 
and  the  proceedings  in  the  case  of  the  Alexandra  having  been  thus 
far  conducted  by  the  government  in  good  faith  and  according  to 
law,  the  United  States  would  not  be  justified  in  deeming  the  verdict 
rendered  by  the  jury  a  cause  of  national  complaint,  provided  that 
the  government  prosecutes  an  appeal  to  the  higher  courts  until  it  bo 
determined  in  the  court  of  last  resort  whether  the  law  is  adequate  to 
the  maintenance  of  the  neutrality  which  her  Majesty  has  proclaimed, 
and  provided  also  that  in  the  mean  time  the  Alexandra  and  other 
vessels  which  may  be  found  violating  or  preparing  to  violate  the 
law  be  prevented,  so  far  as  the  law  may  allow,  from  leaving  British 
ports  to  prosecute  their  work  of  devastation. 

The  President  is  not  prepared  to  believe  that  the  judiciary  of 
Great  Britain  will,  with  well-considered  judgment,  render  nugatory 
and  void  a  statute  of  the  realm  which,  with  its  counterpart  in  our 
own  legislation,  has  hitherto  been  regarded  by  both  nations  as  a 
guarantee  of  that  mutual  forbearance  which  is  so  essential  to  the 
preservation  of  peace  and  friendship.  Nor  shall  I  incur  the  hazard 
of  producing  irritation  on  either  side  of  the  ocean  by  criticising  the 
reasoning  by  which  the  learned  judge  who  tried  the  case  of  the 
Alexandra  justified  his  conclusions  thereon,  or  by  which  that 
portion  of  the  British  press  which  approves  the  verdict  labors  to 
defend  it. 

The  position  in  which  the  case  of  the  Alexandra  is  left  by  the 
recent  trial  renders  it  necessary  to  contemplate  a  possible  affirma- 
tion of  the  rulings  of  the  Chief  Baron  in  the  court  of  dernier  resort. 
You  are  entitled  to  know,  and  it  seems  proper  that  you  should  be 
able  to  communicate  to  her  Majesty's  government,  the  views  which 
the  President  has  taken  of  the  rights  and  duties  of  this  government 
in  that  unlooked  for  and  deeply  to  be  deprecated  event.  I  trust 
that  I  shall  be  able  to  express  those  convictions  calmly  and  dispas- 
sionately without  wounding  the  just  self-respect  of  her  Majesty's 
government.  If  the  rulings  of  the  Chief  Baron  of  the  Exchequer 
in  the  case  of  the  Alexandra  shall  be  affirmed  so  as  to  regulate 
the  action  of  her  Majesty's  government,  the  President  will,  as  he 


BKITISH  AGGRESSIONS. — INDEMNITIES.  387 

thinks,  be  left  to  understand  that  there  is  no  law  in  Great  Britain 
which  will  be  effective  to  preserve  mutual  relations  of  forbearance 
between  the  subjects  of  her  Majesty  and  the  government  and  peo- 
ple of  the  United  States  in  the  only  point  where  they  are  exposed 
to  infraction.  The  fitting  out  of  the  Alabama  and  the  Florida,  as 
well  as  of  the  Alexandra,  will  thus  receive  the  sanction  of  the  gov- 
ernment, and  the  United  States  will  be  without  any  guarantee 
whatever  against  the  indiscriminate  and  unlimited  employment  of 
capital,  industry,  and  skill  by  British  subjects,  in  building,  arming, 
equipping,  and  sending  forth  ships-of-war  from  British  ports  to 
make  war  against  the  United  States. 

I  may  safely  protest,  in  behalf  of  the  United  States,  against  the 
assumption  of  that  position  by  the  British  nation,  because  this  gov- 
ernment, with  a  statute  exactly  similar  to  that  of  Great  Britain, 
does  constantly  hold  itself  able  and  bound  to  prevent  such  injuries 
to  Great  Britain.  The  President  thinks  it  not  improper  to  suggest 
for  the  consideration  of  her  Majesty's  government  the  question 
whether,  on  appeal  to  be  made  by  them,  Parliament  might  not 
think  it  just  and  expedient  to  amend  the  existing  statute  in  such  a 
way  as  to  effect  what  the  two  governments  actually  believe  it  ought 
now  to  accomplish.  In  case  of  such  an  appeal  the  President  would 
not  hesitate  to  apply  to  Congress  for  an  equivalent  amendment  of 
the  laws  of  the  United  States  if  her  Majesty's  government  should 
desire  such  a  proceeding,  although  here  such  an  amendment  is  not 
deemed  necessary. 

If  the  law  of  Great  Britain  must  be  left  without  amendment,  and 
be  construed  by  the  government  in  conformity  with  the  rulings  of 
the  Chief  Baron  of  the  Exchequer,  then  there  will  be  left  for  the 
United  States  no  alternative  but  to  protect  themselves  and  their 
commerce  against  armed  cruisers  proceeding  from  British  ports,  as 
against  the  naval  forces  of  a  public  enemy  ;  and  also  to  claim  and 
insist  upon  indemnities  for  the  injuries  which  all  such  expeditions 
have  hitherto  committed  or  shall  hereafter  commit  against  this  gov- 
ernment and  the  citizens  of  the  United  States.  To  this  end  this 
government  is  now  preparing  a  naval  force  with  the  utmost  vigor; 
and  if  the  national  navy,  which  it  is  rapidly  creating,  shall  not  be 
sufficient  for  the  emergency,  then  the  United  States  must  bring 
into  employment  such  private  armed  naval  forces  as  the  mercantile 
marine  shall  afford.     British  ports,  domestic  as  well  as  colonial,  are 


388  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

now  open,  under  certain  restrictions,  to  the  visits  of  piratical  ves- 
sels, and  not  only  furnish  them  coals,  provisions,  and  repairs,  but 
even  receive  their  prisoners  when  the  enemies  of  the  United  States 
come  in  to  obtain  such  relief  from  voyages  in  which  they  have 
either  burned  ships  they  have  captured,  or  have  even  manned  and 
armed  them  as  pirates  and  sent  them  abroad  as  auxiliaries  in  the 
work  of  destruction.  Can  it  be  an  occasion  for  either  surprise  or 
complaint  that  if  this  condition  of  things  is  to  remain  and  receive 
the  deliberate  sanction  of  the  British  government,  the  navy  of  the 
United  States  will  receive  instructions  to  pursue  these  enemies  into 
the  ports  which  thus,  in  violation  of  the  law  of  nations  and  the 
obligations  of  neutrality,  become  harbors  for  the  pirates  ?  The 
President  very  distinctly  perceives  the  risks  and  hazards  which  a 
naval  conflict  thus  maintained  will  bring  to  the  commerce  and  even 
to  the  peace  of  the  two  countries.  But  he  is  obliged  to  consider 
that  in  the  case  supposed  the  destruction  of  our  commerce  will 
probably  amount  to  a  naval  war  waged  by  a  portion  at  least  of  the 
British  nation  against  the  government  and  people  of  the  United 
States  —  a  war  tolerated  although  not  declared  or  avowed  by  the 
British  government.  If,  through  the  necessary  employment  of  all 
our  means  of  national  defence,  such  a  partial  war  shall  become  a 
general  one  between  the  tw7o  nations,  the  President  thinks  that  the 
responsibility  for  that  painful  result  will  not  fall  upon  the  United 
States. 

In  stating  thus  frankly  the  views  of  this  government,  it  is  proper 
for  me  to  add  that  it  is  not  the  President's  purpose  to  resort  to  the 
extraordinary  measures  of  defence  to  which  I  have  referred,  unless 
they  shall  be  rendered  necessary  by  a  final  decision  of  the  British 
government  that  it  cannot  and  will  not  interfere  to  restrain  the  hos- 
tilities which  are  now  apprehended  ;  nor  will  I  allow  myself  to  sup- 
pose that  her  Majesty's  government  will  for  a  moment  conceive  that 
anything  I  have  written  upon  this  point  is  written  in  a  spirit  of 
mere  demonstration  ;  on  the  contrary,  while  the  pacific  and  friendly 
disposition  of  her  Britannic  Majesty's  government  is  fully  appre- 
ciated and  relied  upon,  it  is  well  understood  that  that  government 
is  the  last  one  in  the  world  to  yield  to  vehemence  what  cannot  be 
conceded  in  equity  and  justice.  So,  on  the  other  hand,  it  ought  to 
be  understood  that  the  United  States,  if  they  could  ever  be  pre- 
sumptuous,  are  sufficiently  chastened    already  by  the  scourge  of 


REVIEW   OF   THE  CONTEST.  389 

civil  war  to  seek  peace  and  friendship  with  Great  Britain  and  all 
other  nations  through  any  concession  that  is  compatible  with  the 
permanent  interests  of  national  life  and  honor. 

For  your  own  information,  and  to  enable  you  to  maintain  the  na- 
tional rights  and  interests  with  your  accustomed  firmness,  I  have 
the  pleasure  of  sitting  that  our  naval  force  is  steadily  and  rapidly 
increasing.  The  navy  has  already  in  actual  service  forty-four  thou- 
sand men.  New,  better,  and  more  effective  steamships,  iron-clads, 
as  well  as  others,  are  coming  from  the  docks  ;  and  we  do  not  dis- 
trust our  ability  to  defend  ourselves  in  our  harbors  and  on  the  high 
seas,  even  if  we  must  unhappily  be  precipitated,  through  injustice 
in  Europe,  into  a  foreign  war. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Marsh. 

July  29,  1863.  —  The  statement  you  have  given  me  of  a  decline 
of  confidence  in  the  success  of  this  government  in  suppressing  the 
insurrection,  which  is  exhibited  in  Europe,  has  been  carefully  con- 
sidered, in  connection  with  similar  information  which  was  contained 
as  well  in  a  former  despatch  of  your  own  as  in  the  communications 
of  others  of  our  representatives  on  that  continent.  I  freely  confess 
that  the  fact  is  regarded  with  sincere  and  profound  regret.  It  can- 
not be  admitted,  however,  that  this  unfavorable  opinion  is  sustained 
by  the  argument  upon  which,  according  to  your  statement,  it  is 
built ;  much  less  that  it  is  sustainable  independently  of  that  reason- 
ing. I  think  I  have  had  occasion  to  say  heretofore  that  insurrec- 
tions are  generally  strong,  vigorous,  and  energetic  in  their  begin- 
nings, while  well-established  governments  may  be  expected  to  gain 
strength,  vigor,  and  energy  as  the  struggle  for  self-defence,  to 
which  they  are  summoned,  advances. 

Eight  hundred  days  are  not  yet  elapsed  since  this  popular  gov- 
ernment, all  unused  to  military  action,  and  destitute  of  its  machin- 
ery and  appliances,  was  obliged  to  accept  civil  war  on  land  and  sea. 
An  insurrection,  occupying  near  half  of  the  Union,  seized  upon  the 
principal  military  force,  the  most  important  navy  yards,  forts,  and 
arsenals,  and  employed  their  guns  against  the  government  itself. 
Every  two  days  of  the  intervening  period  witnessed  the  bringing  of 
a  new  and  effective  ship-of-war,  with  a  hundred  seamen  and  ma- 
rines, into  the  naval  service,  as  well  as  the  gathering  into  camps  of 
two   thousand  soldiers,  practically,  all  of  whom  were  volunteers. 


390  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  achievements  of  our  land  and  naval  forces  have  been  equally 
brilliant  and  effective.  Our  marches  and  sieges  have,  I  think, 
seldom  been  excelled.  Certainly  the  area  of  the  government's 
authority  has  been  so  continually  enlarged,  that  the  rebellion  lias 
retired  within  a  compass  altogether  too  small  to  maintain  an  inde- 
pendent state.  We  have  regained  the  most  important  of  our  sea- 
ports, while  we  hold  all  others  in  close  siege  ;  and  we  are  now  trav- 
ersing, unchecked,  all  the  great  rivers  and  lakes  of  the  country 
from  their  outlets  to  their  sources. 

Now,  at  the  close  of  two  years  of  war,  what  are  the  respective 
conditions  of  the  belligerent  parties  ?  We  are  bringing  out  new 
and  effective  ships,  and  increasing  our  naval  marine,  more  rapidly 
than  before,  and  we  ai*e  gathering  into  camps  a  force  adequate  to 
repair  all  the  waste  of  the  war.  Our  national  credit  is  stronger 
than  it  was  when  the  war  began,  and  is  equal  to  that  which  almost 
any  other  government  holds,  though  in  a  state  of  profound  peace. 
Can  those  who  forbode  our  downfall  show  us  where  the  forces  and 
the  material  and  the  credit  of  the  insurgents  lie  concealed  ?  To  us 
it  seems  as  if  they  are  nearing  the  point  of  exhaustion. 

It  is,  under  the  circumstances,  eminently  to  be  desired  that  the 
confidence  of  foreign  nations  in  the  success  of  the  government 
should  not  be  lost.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  there  may  be  nations 
whose  forbearance  from  interfering  with  us  would  give  way  with 
their  respect  for  our  strength  and  power.  If,  however,  we  are 
destined  now  to  encounter  foreign  complications,  let  us  be  thankful 
that  they  have  been  delayed  so  long.  We  shall  be  found,  when 
they  come,  with  an  army,  a  navy,  and  a  treasury  not  only  adequate, 
as  we  think,  to  self-defence,  but  also  befitting  the  continent  and 
the  cause  we  shall  then  be  defending  against  nations  whom  we 
have  never  wronged,  and  who  are  quite  as  deeply  interested  in  our 
friendship,  as  we,  unhappily,  are  in  their  forbearance  towards  our- 
selves. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

July  30, 1863.  —  The  concurrence  of  many  important  incidents  en- 
titles us  to  regard  the  present  hour  as  a  crisis  of  our  civil  war.  The 
campaign  in  Virginia,  Ohio,  Tennessee,  Mississippi,  and  Louisiana, 
although  it  had  been  well  matured,  and  was  prosecuted  with  great 
assiduity  and  unsurpassed  heroism,  was,  nevertheless,  attended, 
until  recently,  by  discouraging  delays,  reverses,  and  disasters.     The 


WAR    WITH   GREAT   BRITAIN.  391 

insurgents  had  gotten  up  with  much  skill  and  energy  a  loan  abroad, 
based  on  an  assumption  of  their  eventual  success,  which  seemed  to 
promise  them  an  available  and  durable  credit  in  the  European  mar- 
ket. This  achievement  enabled  them  to  employ,  without  stint, 
many  artificers  of  Great  Britain,  and  some  other  countries,  in  fur- 
nishing all  the  materials  and  machinery  of  land  and  naval  warfare, 
while  they  threatened  to  constrain  the  world's  manufactures  into 
an  advocacy  of  their  sovereignty  and  independence.  Successes  like 
these  procured  for  them  political  agencies  in  France  and  Great 
Britain,  which,  repressing  the  national  sentiments  of  those  coun- 
tries, and  stifling  even  their  sympathies  with  the  cause  of  progress 
and  humanity  in  Europe  as  well  as  in  America,  made  it  seem  for  a 
time,  at  least,  probable  that  the  two  powers,  which  are  the  most  do- 
minating and,  therefore,  the  most  interested  in  the  stability  of  this 
nation  with  its  free  government  and  liberal  institutions,  would  com- 
bine to  overthrow,  devastate  and  destroy  whatever  of  government, 
commerce,  and  culture  had  been  created  on  this  continent.  The 
conspiracy  against  our  country,  which  thus  flourished  apparently 
unchecked  in  so  many  of  the  slave  states,  and  which  had  effected 
such  startling  combinations  in  Europe,  borrowed  aid  which  cannot 
be  condemned  or  deplored  too  much  from  interests  in  the  loyal 
states  that  counselled  the  obtaining  of  peace,  indolence,  personal 
exemptions  and  partisan  advantages  at  the  imminent  hazard,  if  not 
at  the  certain  cost,  of  even  a  dissolution  of  the  Union,  and  a  sur- 
render as  well  of  the  liberties  of  the  country  as  of  its  hitherto  sup- 
posed well  assured  and  beneficent  destiny.  This  concurrence  of 
signs,  favorable  to  the  success  of  the  insurrection,  raised  the  hopes 
of  its  authors  to  a  state  of  presumption.  They  broke  and  trampled 
upon  the  cartels  of  military  exchanges,  defied  and  despised  well- 
prepared  assaults,  set  on  foot  invasions  of  the  loyal  states,  and  de- 
manded passage  and  admission  for  a  representative,  on  equivocal 
pretences,  at  Washington.  Such  audacity  is  of  itself,  for  a  season, 
and  in  favorable  circumstances,  no  contemptible  element  of  politi- 
cal force. 

But  the  imposing  fabric  of  insurgent  expectations  lias  been  sud- 
denly shattered.  The  campaigns,  so  long  unsuccessful,  have  culmi- 
nated in  victories,  which,  as  a  whole,  are  as  demonstrative  and 
fruitful  as,  perhaps,  ever  attended  any  combination  of  military  and 
naval  movements  when  the  theatre  was  a  continent.     The  basis  has 


392  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

fallen  out  of  their  fiscal  system.  Their  pretended  securities  sell  at 
the  rate  of  nine  cents  on  the  dollar  at  home,  where,  at  last,  their 
value  abroad  must  always  be  ascertained.  The  insurgents  must 
hereafter  base  their  claims  on  foreign  nations  for  material  and  capi- 
tal —  not,  as  heretofore,  upon  promises  of  speculative  profit,  but 
upon  the  charity  of  contributors.  France  and  Great  Britain,  re- 
lieved of  artificial  and  exaggerated  importunities,  will  have  abun- 
dant leisure  to  consider  the  morality  and  justice  of  recognition, 
as  well  as  the  possible  dangers  and  evils  which  may  attend  the 
attempt  to  renew  European  domination  on  a  continent  that,  with 
very  opposite  ideas  of  government  and  social  sentiments,  is  rapidly 
advancing  to  an  equality  in  population,  wealth  and  power  with 
Europe  itself.  It  begins  to  be  seen  that,  although,  like  every  other 
country,  the  United  States  are  not  exempt  from  faction,  yet,  the 
people  need  only  to  see  and  to  realize  any  new  national  danger,  and 
time  to  measure  the  amount  of  sacrifices  required,  to  avert  it. 
When  they  have  done  this,  the  last  sacrifices  are  as  cheerfully  made 
as  the  first.  Arrogance,  menace,  and  military  severity  on  the  part 
of  the  insurgents  have  given  place  to  spasmodic  demands  for  new 
and  final  levies  of  men  and  money,  now  discovered  to  be  essential 
for  mere  self-defence. 

What  is  the  instruction  of  this  crisis?  I  do  not  forget  that  war, 
especially  civil  war,  is  capricious.  I  know  very  well  that  the  rain- 
bow, which  appears  when  the  clouds  have  parted,  is  not  always  a 
sure  sign  that  even  worse  tempests  are  not  gathering  in  the  political 
skies.  Nevertheless  we  must  act  upon  such  indications  as  Provi- 
dence is  pleased  to  favor  us  with,  always  applying  to  them  the  test 
of  experience.  One  of  the  instructions  of  experience  is,  that,  usu- 
ally, a  short  and  convulsive  life  is  appointed  to  factions,  while 
nations,  like  individuals,  though  obliged  to  encounter  many  suc- 
cessive and  fearful  dangers,  are  yet  created  to  endure  and  fulfil 
great  ends.  So  we  regard  the  present  stage  of  this  contest  as 
reassuring  us  of  %  the  ultimate  deliverance  of  the  country,  and 
the  salvation,  in  their  full  extent,  of  its  territory  and  its  free 
institutions. 

At  the  moment,  however,  when  we  are  accepting  this  satisfactory 
view,  we  find  that  we  are  drifting,  notwithstanding  our  most  earn- 
est and  vigorous  resistance,  towards  a  war  with  Great  Britain. 
Our  commerce  on  the  high  seas  is  perishing  under  the  devastation 


OFFENSIVE   ALLIANCE   OF   FRANCE   AND   ENGLAND.  393 

of  ships-of-war  that  are  sent  out  for  that  purpose  from  British 
coasts,  by  British  subjects,  and  we  hear  of  new  corsairs  and  more 
formidable  armaments  of  that  kind,  designed  even  to  dislodge  us 
from  the  military  occupation  of  insurgent  ports  and  to  burn  and 
destroy  our  principal  cities,  and  these  armaments,  it  is  represented 
to  us  by  imposing  British  authorities,  the  government  of  Great 
Britain  is  not  authorized  by  the  laws  of  the  realm  to  restrain.  It 
cannot  be  deemed  offensive  to  say  that  at  any  period  of  our  history 
when  we  were  not  suffering  from  intestine  war,  these  injuries 
would  not  have  been  borne.  At  least  it  is  true  that  they  were  not 
attempted  until  we  were  seen  to  have  fallen  upon  the  calamities  of 
civil  war.  Great  Britain  might  ask  herself  whether,  if  a  similar 
opportunity  for  such  hostilities  should  offer,  she  would  consent  to 
bear  like  assaults  upon  her  commerce  and  her  sovereignty.  I 
know  no  one  point  of  political  calculation  more  certain  than  this, 
that  just  what  the  people  of  Great  Britain  would  do,  under  defined 
circumstances,  in  self-defence,  that  is  what,  under  the  same  circum- 
stances, the  people  in  whose  name  I  am  writing  must  and  will  do  in 
their  own  defence. 

I  would,  if  properly  I  could,  shut  out  from  consideration  another 
element  which  enters  into  the  case.  Great  Britain  has  at  no  time 
intimated  that,  even  with  the  cooperation  of  France,  she  would 
adopt  or  sanction  a  war  or  a  hostile  policy  against  the  United 
States.  Her  government  has  on  apt  occasions  indicated  a  very 
different  and  much  more  just  disposition.  We  respect  the  govern- 
ment and  people  of  Great  Britain  for  her  persistence  in  these  indi- 
cations. Nevertheless  we  have  the  personal  authority  of  the  Em- 
peror of  the  French  for  the  fact  that  he  has  announced  to  Great 
Britain  that  he  is  willing  to  follow,  if  Great  Britain  will  decide  to 
lead  the  way,  in  recognizing  the  insurgents.  To  give  such  a  recog- 
nition, under  the  circumstances,  would  be  to  them  a  demonstration 
more  potential  than  a  fleet  or  an  army,  while  it  would  authorita- 
tively sanction  the  piratical  enterprises  of  British  subjects,  which, 
even  when  disavowed  by  Great  Britain,  are  proving  intolerable  to 
the  United  States.  At  the  same  time  it  is  to  be  observed  that 
Great  Britain  as  well  as  France  has  been  explicitly  informed  by  the 
United  States  that  a  recognition  of  the  insurgents  would  necessarily 
be  deemed  by  them  an  unfriendly  proceeding.  Virtually,  there- 
fore, France  invites  Great  Britain  to  an  alliance  offensive  and  inju- 


394  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

rious  to  the  United  States.  Judging  with  the  light  which  falls 
upon  our  position,  such  an  alliance  would  be  morally  wrong,  for  of 
what  crime  against  both  or  either  of  these  two  nations,  or  against 
any  nation,  are  the  United  States  accused  ?  What  unatoned  wrong 
have  they  done  which  France  and  Great  Britain  are  entitled  by  the 
law  of  nations  to  redress  ?  The  United  States  have  fallen,  not 
without  forty  years  of  protracted  resistance,  into  a  state  of  civil 
war  which  is  an  inconvenience  to  other  maritime  and  commercial 
powers.  Has  either  Great  Britain  or  France,  or  any  other  nation, 
sinned  less  figainst  the  peace  of  the  world  than  the  United  States  ? 
If  ever  a  nation  could  plead  successfully  the  irrepressibility  of  the 
elements  of  a  civil  strife,  it  is  the  United  States  on  this  occasion. 
World-planted  and  cherished  African  slavery  here  has  audaciously 
risen  up  to  overthrow  a  government,  the  most  equal  and  just  that 
has  ever  been  established  among  men,  and  to  erect  a  new  one  exclu- 
sively upon  the  basis  of  human  bondage.  The  United  States  refuse 
to  be  destroyed  or  divided  by  such  an  agency  for  such  a  purpose. 
It  is  not  easy,  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic,  to  conceive  how  such  a 
civil  war  can  be  looked  upon  with  favor,  or  even  with  indifference, 
in  Europe.  We  have,  nevertheless,  accepted  the  fact  that  Great 
Britain  and  France  do  regard  this  insurrection  with  favor  on  the 
demand  of  the  statesmen  and  presses  which  seem  most  to  engage  the 
confidence  of  the  people  in  those  countries.  France  now  requires  us 
to  go  one  step  further  and  to  accept  the  fact  that  Great  Britain  and 
herself  ought  to  vote  for  the  admission  of  the  insurgents  into  the 
family  of  nations.  The  ground  upon  which  the  Emperor  favors 
that  extraordinary  proceeding  is,  that  it  is  expected  that  it  would 
tend  to  bring  our  unhappy  civil  war  to  a  close.  His  Imperial 
Majesty  seems,  to  me,  to  have  widely  misconstrued  the  character 
of  the  American  people.  They  are  a  brave  and  a  jealous  people ; 
they  have  made  it  their  chief  duty,  throughout  a  whole  century,  to 
achieve  a  national  independence,  and  acquire  a  continental  influ- 
ence, just  like  that  which  France  and  Great  Britain  have  respec- 
tively won  through  the  conflicts  of  eight  centuries.  The  people  of 
the  United  States  undoubtedly  desire  peace,  but  they  would  neither 
accept  a  peace  that  the  proposed  combination  would  offer  them,  nor 
acquiesce  in  it  if  it  were  possible  to  force  it  upon  them.  European 
powers  can  dictate  peace,  even  to  Asiatic  communities,  only  by  sub- 
jugating them,  and  yet  they  have  been  undergoing  the  process  of 


ALLIANCES.  —  CONSEQUENCES.  395 

moral  decline  since  the  era  of  Alexander.  American  society,  on  the 
contrary,  is  in  the  full  vigor  of  youth;  it  is  too  enlightened  not  to 
resist  extirpation  or  aggression  by  foreign  powers.  I  forbear  from 
pressing  the  consideration  that  such  a  proceeding  to  enforce  peace, 
in  the  United  States,  would  be  immoral,  or  the  consideration  that 
acceptance  of  a  peace  thus  compelled  would  be  suicidal.  Those  who 
should  be  prepared  for  an  attempt  either  to  subjugate  the  United 
States  by  force  or  to  divide  and  separate  them  by  foreign  influence, 
could  not  be  expected  to  apprehend  the  sensibilities  and  the  senti- 
ments which  prevail  among  the  people  whom  it  is  proposed  in  that 
extraordinary  way  to  pacify. 

Certainly,  however,  it  behooves  all  the  parties  concerned  to  con- 
sider what  probably  will  be  the  consequences  to  themselves  if  the 
intemperate  action  of  British  subjects  and  the  inducement  of  French 
alliance  shall  bring  on  a  war  between  Great  Britain  and  France 
and  the  United  States.  Suppose  it  to  result  in  the  success  of  the 
allies  ?  I  have  already  said  that  no  peace  accepted  at  their  hands 
could  endure.  Are  those  allies  strong  enough  to  garrison  the  Amer- 
ican continent  ?  Will  they  ever  be  prepared  to  guarantee  the  new 
slave  state,  and  to  hold  its  ambition  for  territory  and  its  cupidity 
for  slaves  within  bounds  ?  And  what  are  the  bounds  to  be  pre- 
scribed? Shall  that  new  slave  state  be  allowed  to  extend  slavery 
and  dominion  only  throughout  the  present  territory  of  the  United 
States,  or  are  the  anomalous  and  hateful  institutions  to  be  restored 
in  Mexico  and  throughout  Spanish  America,  including  the  West 
India  Islands  ?  It  has  required  a  term  of  fifty  years  and  the  coop- 
erating power  of  the  United  States  to  arrest  the  African  slave  trade. 
How  do  the  supposed  allies  now  expect  to  prevent  its  renewal  when 
the  United  States  shall  have  relapsed  into  accompliceship  with  that 
dreadful  traffic  ?  Or  is  the  arrested  work  of  Christianizing  Africa, 
through  the  missionary  enginery  of  the  Middle  Passage,  to  be 
renewed  and  carried  on  to  its  consummation  under  the  auspices  of 
the  supposed  allies  ? 

Prudent  states,  even  though  strong  in  mutual  alliance,  must, 
nevertheless,  always  take  into  consideration  all  the  chances  of  suc- 
cess and  failure.  Let  us  suppose  then  that  the  allies  shall  not 
succeed  in  their  enterprise,  and  that  the  United  States  shall  come 
unharmed  out  of  the  contest.  Would  there  be  nothing  to  appre- 
hend from  the  temper  of  a  people  who  had  been,  as  it  would  then 


396  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

seem,  wantonly  brought  into  national  conflict  on  no  other  pretext 
than  their  unwillingness  to  surrender  up  their  sovereignty  and  in- 
dependence ?  Is  there  any  possession  or  any  interest  of  France  or 
of  Great  Britain,  domestic  or  colonial,  that  would  be  the  better 
assured  to  its  lawful  sovereign  after  such  a  war,  than  it  has  been 
heretofore  assured,  through  the  justice  and  forbearance  of  the  United 
States,  so  long  as  they  had  constituted  a  nation? 

There  is,  moreover,  a  moral  opinion  that  pervades  the  world,  and 
when  it  is  excited  it  works  marvellous  things  in  the  policy  of  peo- 
ples and  states.  The  universal  revolution  towards  popular  forms  of 
government  received,  from  the  war  in  which  that  system  was  inau- 
gurated here,  an  impulse  which  long  continued  to  force  it  forward, 
through  unheard-of  convulsions  in  Europe,  and  which  impelled  it 
into  triumphant  success  throughout  this  continent.  Those  who  con- 
template an  alliance  by  European  monarchial  states  against  the 
United  States  may  be  reasonably  expected  to  consider  how  long  and 
how  far  the  aggressive  governments  are  likely  to  be  willingly  sup- 
plied with  men  and  the  materials  for  a  war  that  will  be  deemed  to 
be  waged  for  the  suppression  of  popular  institutions. 

Alliances  may,  indeed,  be  made  by  monarchs  and  statesmen ; 
but,  after  all,  they  must  depend  for  support  and  continuance  upon 
the  allied  peoples  and  nations  themselves.  France  and  Great  Britain 
are  now  equals.  Alliance  between  a  weak  state  and  a  strong  one 
has  sometimes  been  preserved  through  several  generations  when  the 
states  were  separate  and  remote ;  but  I  think  there  has  been  no 
case  in  which  a  voluntary  alliance  has  permanently  held  two  equal 
independent  states  through  a  long  war  without  producing  in  one  or 
in  both  of  them  changes  that,  had  they  been  foreseen,  would  have 
been  sufficient,  by  way  of  warning,  to  prevent  the  formation  of  the 
alliance.  The  statesmen  of  France  and  of  Great  Britain,  if  the 
project-  of  an  alliance  were  indeed  seriously  entertained,  could  not,  I 
think,  begin  too  soon  to  study  how  the  expenses  and  the  losses,  and 
the  profits  and  benefits,  which  must  attend  or  follow  it,  shall  be 
equitably  allotted  between  the  two  countries. 

I  have  thus  surveyed  not  only  our  domestic  situation,  but  also 
the  entire  position  of  our  relations  with  the  chief  maritime  powers, 
not  because  it  is  seriously  apprehended  here  that  either  alone  or 
in  alliance  with  France,  Great  Britain  is  now  about  to  adopt  the 
injurious  and  unfriendly  measure  which  the  Emperor  of  France  has 


SERIOUS  TOPICS   DISCUSSED.  397 

indicated,  but  because  the  survey  furnishes  a  basis  for  the  renewal, 
under  the  President's  instructions,  of  a  suggestion  which  has  for 
some  time  been  held  in  abeyance,  namely,  that  all  the  misunder- 
standings which  have  arisen  between  the  United  States  and  Great 
Britain,  including  those  which  now  seem  to  be  causing  the  two  coun- 
tries to  be  drifting  towards  a  conflict  which  must  be  calamitous,  are 
due  to  the  premature  recognition  of  the  insurgents  as  a  belligerent 
power,  and  that  two  years  of  experience  have  confirmed  the  wisdom 
and  the  justice  of  the  protest  that  this  government  made  against 
that  extraordinary  proceeding.  The  insurrection,  notwithstanding 
the  incalculable  benefits  it  has  received  from  that  most"  unfortunate 
measure,  has,  nevertheless,  languished  from  the  very  beginning, 
and  has  now  descended  so  low  that  manifestly  it  would  perish  at 
once,  if  it  were  left,  like  the  late  insurrection  in  India,  like  the 
insurrection  which  a  few  years  ago  occurred  in  Canada,  like  the 
chronic  insurrections  in  Spanish  America,  or  even  like  the  insurrec- 
tion now  raging  in  Poland,  to  stand  by  means  of  its  own  strength, 
not  as  a  recognized  belligerent,  but  as  a  domestic  party,  aiming  to 
revolutionize  the  government  that  it  refuses  to  obey.  I  know  how 
difficult  it  would  be  for  the  government  of  Great  Britain  all  at  once 
to  reverse  the  policy  of  which  we  have  never  ceased  to  complain, 
even  though  it  might  be  conceded  that  the  policy  had  been  unnec- 
essarily adopted.  But  every  new  demand  that  is  made  upon  that 
government  for  toleration  of  designs  hostile  to  the  United  States 
relates  back  to  the  premature  recognition  of  the  insurgents  as  a 
belligerent,  and  strains  to  convert  it  into  not  merely  a  recognition 
of  their  sovereignty,  but  into  actual  war  against  the  United  States. 
Recurring  to  the  sentiments  which  the  President  expressed  in  the 
beginning  of  these  unhappy  troubles,  I  am  authorized  to  tender  to 
Great  Britain  assurances  of  the  desire  of  the  United  States  for  the 
removal  of  every  cause  of  alienation,  and  for  the  reestablishment  of 
the  relations  between  them  on  the  foundations  of  common  interest 
and  of  affections  and  sympathies  which,  if  left  unopposed,  would 
hold  them  together  in  the  bonds  of  enduring  friendship.  We  invite 
her  to  weigh  these  advantages  against  the  promised  benefits  of  any 
hostile  alliance  that  she  can  form  against  us.  We  are  yet  friends, 
though  that  friendship  has  been  severely  tried.  If  we  must  be- 
come enemies,  the  responsibility  of  that  unhappy  and  fearful  event 
will  rest  on  her  Majesty's  government  and  the  people  of  Great 
Britain. 


398  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

It  is  not  intended  that  you  shall  formally  communicate  the  con- 
tents of  this  paper  to  Earl  Russell,  but  that  you  will  use  its  sugges- 
tions and  arguments  in  your  own  discretion  if  circumstances  shall 
seem  to  you  to  require  or  to  favor  the  introduction  of  the  serious 
topics  which  I  have  thus  discussed. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

September  5,  1863.  —  I  have  bestowed  the  most  thoughtful  con- 
sideration upon  your  suggestions  concerning  the  importance  of 
avoiding  collisions  with  Great  Britain.  Your  observations  concern- 
ing the  importance  of  more  effective  measures  for  arresting  the  dep- 
redations of  the  piratical  vessels  seem  so  sagacious,  that  I  have 
recommended  them  for  the  earnest  consideration  of  the  Secretary  of 
the  Navy. 

At  the  same  time,  you  will  excuse  me  for  stating  the  difficulties 
of  enduring,  without  a  resort  to  extreme  measures  of  resistance,  the 
new  invasion  which  is  threatened  from  the  ports  of  Great  Britain. 
The  navy  understand  that,  although  the  capacities  of  the  Depart- 
ment have  been  taxed  to  the  utmost  for  defensive  preparations  and 
maintaining  the  blockade,  they  neither  have  now,  nor  can  seasona- 
bly have,  vessels  that  can  be  spared  from  the  siege  of  Charleston, 
adequate  to  resist  the  formidable  rams  which,  virtually  with  the 
consent  of  the  British  Parliament,  are  within  a  few  weeks  to  come 
forth  against  us  from  Laird's  shipyard.  The  new  vessels  which  the 
Lairds  are  preparing  must,  therefore,  be  expected  to  enter  Portland, 
Boston,  New  York,  or,  if  they  prefer,  must  attempt  to  break 
the  blockade  at  Charleston,  or  to  ascend  the  Mississippi  to  New 
Orleans. 

Can  the  British  government  suppose  for  a  moment  that  such  an  as- 
sault as  is  thus  meditated  can  be  made  upon  us  by  British-built,  armed, 
and  manned  vessels  without  at  once  arousing  the  whole  nation,  and 
making  a  retaliatory  war  inevitable  ?  Whatever  view  may  be  taken 
of  the  fortunes  of  the  insurrection  in  Europe,  it  is  deemed  clear  in 
this  country  that  the  factious  spirit  which  gave  it  birth  is  rapidly 
declining,  and  the  sentiment  of  nationality  is  developing  itself  anew, 
with  an  energy  never  before  known.  The  nation,  after  two  years 
of  experience  of  war,  has  overcome  the  sense  of  fear,  while  its 
temper  is  highly  excited.  It  believes  that,  though  found  unpre- 
pared, there  are  no  limits  to  its  ultimate  ability  for  self-defence.    It 


FRANCE   AND   MEXICO.  399 

has  a  press  and  a  Congress  as  free  and  as  bold  as  the  press  and  the 
Parliament  of  Great  Britain.  You  have  only  to  listen  to  the  politi- 
cal debates  in  any  part  of  the  country,  to  learn  that  the  United 
States  would  accept  an  unprovoked  foreign  war  now  with  more  una- 
nimity and  cheerfulness  than  at  any  former  period.  I  write  this 
with  all  the  earnestness  of  conviction,  and  with  all  the  concern 
which  one  must  feel  who  believes  that  any  foreign  war  must  be  only 
inferior  in  the  dangers  it  brings,  to  the  domestic  war  which  so  many, 
differing  from  me,  have  thought  endangered  the  very  existence  of 
my  country.  I  am  sure  that  British  statesmen  must  know  that  a 
war  between  their  country  and  the  United  States  is  unnecessary,  and 
that  it  could  bring  no  resulting  benefits  to  Great  Britain.  For  the 
interest  of  both  countries  and  of  civilization,  I  hope  they  will 
not  let  a  blow  fall  from  under  their  hands  that  will  render  peace 
impossible. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 
September  21,  1863.  —  The  French  forces  are  understood  to  hold 
in  subjection  to  the  new  provisional  government  established  in 
Mexico  three  of  the  states,  while  all  the  other  constituent  members 
of  the  republic  of  Mexico  still  remain  under  its  authority.  There 
are  already  indications  of  designs,  in  those  states,  to  seek  aid  in  the 
United  States,  with  the  consent  of  this  government,  if  attainable, 
and  without  it  if  it  shall  be  refused  ;  and  for  this  purpose  inducements 
are  held  out,  well  calculated  to  excite  sympathies  in  a  border  popu- 
lation. The  United  States  has  hitherto  practised  strict  neutrality 
between  the  French  and  Mexico,  and  all  the  more  cheerfully, 
because  it  has  relied  on  the  assurances  given  by  the  French  govern- 
ment that  it  did  not  intend  permanent  occupation  of  that  country 
or  any  violence  to  the  sovereignty  of  its  people.  The  proceedings 
of  the  French  in  Mexico  are  regarded  by  many  in  that  country,  and 
in  this,  as  at  variance  with  those  assurances.  Owing  to  this  circum- 
stance, it  becomes  very  difficult  for  this  government  to  enforce  a 
rigid  observance  of  its  neutrality  laws.  The  President  thinks  it  de- 
sirable that  you  should  seek  an  opportunity  to  mention  these  facts 
to  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  and  to  suggest  to  him  that  the  interests 
of  the  United  States,  and,  as  it  seems  to  us,  the  interests  of  France 
herself,  require  that  a  solution  of  the  present  complications  in 
Mexico  be  made,  as  early  as  may  be  convenient,  upon  the  basis  of 
the  unity  and  independence  of  Mexico.     I  cannot  be  misinterpret- 


400  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ing  the  sentiments  of  the  United  States  in  saying  that  they  do  not 
desire  an  annexation  of  Mexico,  or  any  part  of  it;  nor  do  they  desire 
any  special  interest,  control,  or  influence  there,  but  they  are  deeply 
interested  in  the  reestablishment  of  unity,  peace,  and  order  in  the 
neighboring  republic,  and  exceedingly  desirous  that  there  may  not 
arise  out  of  the  war  in  Mexico  any  cause  of  alienation  between  them 
and  France.  Insomuch  as  these  sentiments  are  by  no  means  un- 
generous, the  President  unhesitatingly  believes  that  they  are  the 
sentiments  of  the  Emperor  himself  in  regard  to  Mexico. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

September  26,  1863.  —  It  is  well  understood  that  through  a  long 
period,  closing  in  1860,  the  manifest  strength  of  this  nation  was  a 
sufficient  protection,  for  itself  and  for  Mexico,  against  all  foreign 
states.  That  power  was  broken  down  and  shattered  in  1861  by 
faction.  The  first  fruit  of  our  civil  war  was  a  new,  and  in  effect, 
though  not  intentionally  so,  an  unfriendly  attitude  assumed  by 
Great  Britain,  France,  and  Spain,  all  virtually,  and  the  two  first- 
named  powers  avowedly,  moving  in  concert.  While  I  cannot  con- 
fess to  a  fear  on  the  part  of  this  government  that  any  one  or  all  of 
the  maritime  powers  combining  with  the  insurgents  could  overthrow 
it,  yet  it  would  have  been  manifestly  presumptuous,  at  any  time 
since  this  distraction  seized  the  American  people,  to  have  provoked 
such  an  intervention,  or  to  have  spared  any  allowable  means  of  pre- 
venting it.  The  unceasing  efforts  of  this  Department  in  that 
direction  have  resulted  from  this  ever-present  consideration.  If  in 
its  communications  the  majestic  efforts  of  the  government  to  subdue 
the  insurrection,  and  to  remove  the  temptation  which  it  offered  to 
foreign  powers,  have  not  figured  so  largely  as  to  impress  my  corres- 
pondents with  the  conviction  that  the  President  relies  always  mainly 
on  the  national  power,  and  not  on  the  forbearance  of  those  who  it  is 
apprehended  may  become  its  enemies,  it  is  because  the  duty  of 
drawing  forth  and  directing  the  armed  power  of  the  nation  has 
rested  upon  distinct  departments,  while  to  this  one  belonged  the 
especial  duty  of  holding  watch  against  foreign  insult,  intrusion,  and 
intervention.  With  these  general  remarks  I  proceed  to  explain  the 
President's  views  in  regard  to  the  first  of  the  two  questions  men- 
tioned, namely,  the  attitude  of  France  in  regard  to  the  civil  war  in 
the  United  States. 


FRANCE,   MEXICO,    AND   THE  WAR.  401 

We  know  from  many  sources,  and  even  from  the  Emperor's  direct 
statement,  that,  on  the  breaking  out  of  the  insurrection,  he  adopted 
the  current  opinion  of  European  statesmen  that  the  efforts  of  this 
government  to  maintain  and  preserve  the  Union  would  be  unsuc- 
cessful. To  this  prejudgment  we  attribute  his  agreement  with 
Great  Britain  to  act  in  concert  with  her  upon  the  questions  which 
might  arise  out  of  the  insurrection  ;  his  concession  of  a  belligerent 
character  to  the  insurgents  ;  his  repeated  suggestions  of  accommo- 
dation by  this  government  with  the  insurgents  ;  and  his  conferences 
on  the  subject  of  a  recognition.  It  would  be  disingenuous  to  with- 
hold an  expression  of  the  national  conviction  that  these  proceedings 
of  the  Emperor  have  been  very  injurious  to  the  United  States,  by 
encouraging  and  thus  prolonging  the  insurrection.  On  the  other 
hand,  no  statesman  of  this  country  is  able  to  conceive  of  a  reasona- 
ble motive,  on  the  part  of  either  France  or  the  Emperor,  to  do  or  to 
wish  injury  to  the  United  States.  Every  statesman  of  the  United 
States  cherishes  a  lively  interest  in  the  welfare  and  greatness  of 
France,  and  is  content  that  she  shall  enjoy  peacefully  and  in 
unbounded  prosperity  the  administration  of  the  Emperor  she  has 
chosen.  We  have  not  an  acre  of  territory  or  a  port  which  we  think 
France  can  wisely  covet ;  nor  has  she  any  possession  that  we  could 
accept  if  she  would  resign  it  into  our  hands.  Nevertheless,  when 
recurring  to  what  the  Emperor  has  already  done,  we  cannot,  at  any 
time,  feel  assured  that,  under  mistaken  impressions  of  our  exposure, 
he  might  not  commit  himself  still  further  in  the  way  of  encourage- 
ment and  aid  to  the  insurgents.  We  know  their  intrigues  in  Paris 
are  not  to  be  lightly  regarded.  While  the  Emperor  has  held  an  un- 
favorable opinion  of  our  national  strength  and  unity,  we,  on  the  con- 
trary, have  as  constantly  indulged  entire  confidence  in  both.  Not 
merely  the  course  of  events,  but  that  of  time,  also,  runs  against  the 
insurgents  and  reinvigorates  the  national  strength  and  power.  We 
desire,  therefore,  that  he  may  have  the  means  of  understanding  the 
actual  condition  of  affairs  in  our  country.  We  wish  to  avoid  any- 
thing calculated  to  irritate  France,  or  to  wound  the  just  pride  and 
proper  sensibilities  of  that  spirited  nation,  and  thus  to  free  our  claim 
to  her  forbearance,  in  our  present  political  emergency,  from  any 
cloud  of  passion  or  prejudice.  Pursuing  this  course,  the  President 
hopes  that  the  prejudgment  of  the  Emperor  against  the  stability  of 
the   Union  may  the  sooner  give  way  to  convictions  which  will 


402  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

modify  his  course,  and  bring  him  back  again  to  the  traditional 
friendship  which  he  found  existing  between  this  country  and  his 
own,  when,  in  obedience  to  her  voice,  he  assumed  the  reins  of  em- 
pire. These  desires  and  purposes  do  not  imply  either  a  fear  of 
French  hostility,  or  any  neglect  of  a  prudent  posture  of  national 
self-reliance. 

The  subject  upon  which  I  propose  to  remark,  in  the  second  place, 
is  the  relation  of  France  towards  Mexico.  The  United  States  hold,  in 
regard  to  Mexico,  the  same  principles  that  they  hold  in  regard  to  all 
other  nations.  They  have  neither  a  right  nor  a  disposition  to  inter- 
vene by  force  in  the  internal  affairs  of  Mexico,  whether  to  establish 
and  maintain  a  republic  or  even  a  domestic  government  there,  or  to 
overthrow  an  imperial  or  a  foreign  one,  if  Mexico  chooses  to  estab- 
lish or  accept  it.  The  United  States  have  neither  the  right  nor  the 
disposition  to  intervene  by  force  on  either  side  in  the  lamentable 
war  which  is  going  on  between  France  and  Mexico.  On  the  con- 
trary, they  practise  in  regard  to  Mexico,  in  every  phase  of  that 
war,  the  non-intervention  which  they  require  all  foreign  powers  to 
observe  in  regard  to  the  United  States.  But,  notwithstanding  this 
self-restraint,  this  government  knows  full  well  that  the  inherent 
normal  opinion  of  Mexico  favors  a  government  there  republican  in 
form  and  domestic  in  its  organization,  in  preference  to  any  monarch- 
ical institutions  to  be  imposed  from  abroad.  This  government 
knows,  also,  that  this  normal  opinion  of  the  people  of  Mexico 
resulted  largely  from  the  influence  of  popular  opinion  in  this 
country,  and  is  continually  invigorated  by  it.  The  President  be- 
lieves, moreover,  that  this  popular  opinion  of  the  United  States  is 
just  in  itself,  and  eminently  essential  to  the  progress  of  civilization 
on  the  American  continent,  which  civilization,  it  believes,  can  and 
will,  if  left  free  from  European  resistance,  work  harmoniously 
together  with  advancing  refinement  on  the  other  continents.  This 
government  believes  that  foreign  resistance,  or  attempts  to  control 
American  civilization,  must  and  will  fail  before  the  ceaseless  and 
ever-increasing  activity  of  material,  moral,  and  political  forces, 
which  peculiarly  belong  to  the  American  continent.  Nor  do  the 
United  States  deny  that,  in  their  opinion,  their  own  safety  and  the 
cheerful  destiny  to  which  they  aspire  are  intimately  dependent  on 
the  continuance  of  free  republican  institutions  throughout  America. 
They  have  submitted  these  opinions  to  the  Emperor  of  France,  on 


FRANCE,   MEXICO,   AND   THE   WAE.  403 

proper  occasions,  as  worthy  of  his  serious  consideration,  in  deter- 
mining how  he  would  conduct  and  close  what  might  prove  a  success- 
ful war  in  Mexico.  Nor  is  it  necessary  to  practise  reserve  upon  the 
point,  that  if  France  should,  upon  due  consideration,  determine  to 
adopt  a  policy  in  Mexico  adverse  to  the  American  opinions  and 
sentiments  which  I  have  described,  that  policy  would  probably 
scatter  seeds  which  would  be  fruitful  of  jealousies,  which  might 
ultimately  ripen  into  collision  between  France  and  the  United 
States  and  other  American  republics.  An  illustration  of  this 
danger  has  occurred  already.  Political  rumor,  which  is  always  mis- 
chievous, one  day  ascribes  to  France  a  purpose  to  seize  the  Rio 
Grande,  and  wrest  Texas  from  the  United  States  ;  another  day 
rumor  advises  us  to  look  carefully  to  our  safety  on  the  Mississippi ; 
another  day  we  are  warned  of  coalitions  to  be  formed,  under  French 
patronage,  between  the  regency  established  in  Mexico  and  the  in- 
surgent cabal  at  Richmond.  The  President  apprehends  none  of 
these  things.  He  does  not  allow  himself  to  be  disturbed  by  suspi- 
cions so  unjust  to  France  and  so  unjustifiable  in  themselves  ;  but 
he  knows,  also,  that  such  suspicions  will  be  entertained  more  or  less 
extensively  by  this  country,  and  magnified  in  other  countries  equally 
unfriendly  to  France  and  to  America  ;  and  he  knows,  also,  that  it  is 
out  of  such  suspicions  that  the  fatal  web  of  national  animosity  is  most 
frequently  woven.  He  believes  that  the  Emperor  of  France  must 
experience  desires  as  earnest  as  our  own  for  the  preservation  of  that 
friendship  between  the  two  nations  which  is  so  full  of  guarantees 
of  their  common  prosperity  and  safety.  Thinking  this,  the  Presi- 
dent would  be  wanting  in  fidelity  to  France,  as  well  as  to  our  own 
country,  if  he  did  not  converse  with  the  Emperor  with  entire  sin- 
cerity and  friendship  upon  the  attitude  which  France  is  to  assume 
in  regard  to  Mexico.  The  statements  made  to  you  by  M.  Dronyn 
de  l'Huys,  concerning  the  Emperor's  intentions,  are  entirely  satis- 
factor}^,  if  we  are  permitted  to  assume  them  as  having  been  author- 
ized to  be  made  by  the  Emperor  in  view  of  the  present  condition  of 
affairs  in  Mexico.  It  is  true,  as  I  have  before  remarked,  that  the 
Emperor's  purposes  may  hereafter  change  with  changing  circum- 
stances. We,  ourselves,  however,  are  not  unobservant  of  the 
progress  of  events  at  home  and  abroad  ;  and  in  no  case  are  we 
likely  to  neglect  such  provision  for  our  own  safety,  as  every  sover- 
eign state  must  always  be  prepared  to  fall  back  upon  when  nations 


404       Selections  from  diplomatic  correspondence. 

with  which  they  have  lived  in  friendship  cease  to  respect  their 
moral  and  treaty  obligations.  Your  own  discretion  Will  be  your 
guide  as  to  how  far  the  public  interests  will  be  promoted  by  submit- 
ting these  views  to  the  consideration  of  M.  Drouyn  de  I'Huys. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

October  5,  1863.  —  Any  statesman  who  has  observed  how  inflex- 
ibly this  government  adheres  to  the  policy  of  peace  and  non-inter- 
vention, would  not  need  to  be  informed  that  the  report  of  an  alli- 
ance by  us  with  Russia  for  European  war  is  an  absurdity.  So,  also, 
no  one  who  knows  how  completely  the  American  people  suffer 
themselves  to  be  absorbed  in  the  duty  of  suppressing  the  present 
unhappy  insurrection,  and  restoring  the  authority  of  the  Union, 
would  for  a  moment  believe  that  we  are  preparing  for  or  meditat- 
ing a  future  war  against  any  nation,  for  any  purpose  whatever, 
much  less  that  we  are  organizing  or  contemplating  a  future  war 
against  France,  whom  it  is  our  constant  desire  to  hold  and  retain  as 
a  friend,  through  all  the  vicissitudes  of  political  fortune,  and  all  the 
changes  of  national  life. 

You  are  authorized  to  say  to  Mr.  Drouyn  de  I'Huys  that  his 
explanations  are  entirely  satisfactory  to  the  President.  I  may, 
perhaps,  not  improperly  improve  this  occasion  by  saying  that  the 
executive  government  of  this  country  has  no  organ  in  the  press.  Its 
views  and  sentiments  in  regard  to  France,  as  to  all  other  countries, 
can  be  known  always  by  the  language  of  its  diplomatic  represent- 
atives, for  it  instructs  them  minutely,  and  directs  them  to  speak 
always  frankly  and  sincerely.  The  Emperor  has  an  acknowledged 
organ  in  the  press.  Its  utterances,  if  unfriendly  or  equivocal,  neces- 
sarily produce  distrust  among  the  American  people.  When  they 
see  in  the  columns  of  the  "  Moniteur  "  opinions  derogatory  of  them- 
selves, and  calculated  to  give  satisfaction  and  encouragement  to 
their  enemies,  it  is  necessarily,  but  doubtless  erroneously,  assumed 
that  they  are  inspired.  Several  such  publications  have  recently  ap- 
peared there,  and  it  is  not  remembered  that  one  utterance  in  the 
spirit  of  the  friendship  of  old  France  has  been  made  by  that  paper 
since  our  unhappy  controversy  exposed  us  to  the  intrigues  of  our 
domestic  enemies  in  foreign  countries. 

I  have  thus  laid  bare  a  living  and  fruitful  root  of  jealousies  be- 
tween France  and  the  United  States.    We  do  not  claim  that  France 


FRANCE,   RUSSIA.  — THE   PRESS.  405 

shall  be  our  friend.  We  do  not  insist  that  she  shall  judge  us  or  our 
cause  favorably  or  kindly.  On  the  other  hand,  it  need  not  be  said 
that  unfavorable  judgments  and  unkind  sentiments  invariably  pro- 
duce ultimate  alienation.  Everybody  knows  that  the  United  States 
are  the  habitual  well-wishers  of  France,  as  they  are  of  Russia.  Ev- 
erybody knows  that  Russia  is  a  well-wisher  of  the  United  States, 
but  everybody  is  not  satisfied  that  France  is  a  well-wisher  of  the 
United  States.  I  think  everybody  agrees  that  the  responsibility 
for  this  does  not  rest  with  the  United  States.  Where,  then,  does 
it  fall?  The  Emperor  joined  Great  Britain  in  recognizing  our  in- 
surgents as  belligerents,  and  in  attempting  to  derogate  us  from  our 
position  as  a  sovereign,  the  treaty  friend  of  both  countries,  into  a 
position  of  equality  with  the  seditious  disturbers  of  our  peace.  We 
think  that  this  proceeding  was  unnecessary,  as  we  know  it  has  been 
injurious.  It  tries  the  temper  of  the  American  people  more  severely 
than  we  have  ever  tried  that  of  France  in  her  domestic  troubles, 
which  have  been  more  frequent  than  our  own.  Is  it  wise  to  let  the 
unfortunate  act  be  followed  by  needless  manifestations  of  French 
disfavor  to  our  cause  in  the  war  which  we  are  so  energetically  en- 
deavoring to  bring  to  a  close? 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

October  5,  1863.  —  I  have  had  the  honor  to  receive  and  to  sub- 
mit to  the  President  your  despatch  of  the  17th  of  September,  which 
relates  to  the  iron-clad  vessels  built  at  Laird's  ship-yards  for  war 
against  the  United  States,  and  which  is  accompanied  by  a  very 
interesting  correspondence  that  has  taken  place  on  that  subject 
between  yourself  and  Earl  Russell. 

The  positions  you  have  taken  in  this  correspondence  are  ap- 
proved. 

It  is  indeed  a  cause  of  profound  concern,  that,  notwithstanding 
an  engagement  which  the  President  has  accepted  as  final,  there  still 
remains  a  doubt  whether  those  vessels  will  be  prevented  from  com- 
ing out,  according  to  the  original  hostile  purposes  of  the  enemies 
of  the  United  States  residing  in  Great  Britain.  You  have,  how* 
ever,  exhausted  the  argument  upon  that  subject ;  nor  do  I  perceive 
that  your  exposition  can  be  improved  or  materially  reinforced. 
Earl  Russell  remarks,  that  her  Majesty's  government  having  pro- 
claimed neutrality,  have  in  good  faith  exerted  themselves  to  main- 


406  SELECTIONS    PROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

tain  it.  I  have  not  to  say  now  for  the  first  time,  that  howevei 
satisfactory  that  position  may  be  to  the  British  nation,  it  does  not 
at  all  relieve  the  gravity  of  the  question  in  the  United  States.  The 
proclamation  of  neutrality  was  a  concession  of  belligerent  rights 
to  the  insurgents,  and  was  deemed  by  this  government  as  unnec- 
essary, and  in  effect  as  unfriendly,  as  it  has  since  proved  injurious 
to  this  country.  The  successive  preparations  of  hostile  naval  ex- 
peditions in  Great  Britain  are  regarded  here  as  fruits  of  that  injuri- 
ous proclamation. 

Earl  Russell  adds,  that  the  United  States  have  derived  some  mili- 
tary supplies  from  Great  Britain,  and  enlisted  many  British  subjects 
in  their  cause.  But  it  can  hardly  be  denied  that  neither  such  sup- 
plies nor  such  men  would  have  been  necessary,  if  Great  Britain  had 
not,  so  far  as  she  was  concerned,  first  riiised  the  insurgents  to  the 
position  of  belligerents.  Neither  the  government  of  Great  Britain, 
nor  any  other  recognized  part}',  has  contended,  or  can  contend,  that 
the  United  States  have  violated  any  municipal  law,  or  any  treaty, 
or  the  law  of  nations,  or  even  comity  towards  the  British  govern- 
ment, in  the  proceedings  by  which  they  have  received  as  merchan- 
dise supplies  derived  from  British  sources,  and  have  accepted  Brit- 
ish subjects  voluntarily  residing  in  our  own  country,  and  volun- 
tarily enlisting  as  soldiers  and  seamen  in  maintaining  the  cause  of 
the  Union.  It  is  hardly  necessary  to  say  that  the  United  States 
stand  upon  what  they  think  impregnable  ground,  when  they  refuse 
to  be  derogated,  by  any  act  of  British  government,  from  their  posi- 
tion as  a  sovereign  nation  in  amity  with  Great  Britain,  and  placed 
upon  a  footing  of  equality  with  domestic  insurgents  who  have  risen 
up  in  resistance  against  their  authority. 

It  does  not  remain  for  us  even  to  indicate  to  Great  Britain  the 
serious  consequences  which  must  ensue,  if  the  iron-clads  shall  come 
forth  upon  their  work  of  destruction.  They  have  been  fully  re- 
vealed to  yourself,  and  you  have  made  them  known  to  Earl  Russell, 
within  the  restraints  which  an  honest  and  habitual  respect  for  the 
government  and  the  people  of  Great  Britain  imposes.  It  seems  to 
me  that  her  Majesty's  government  might  be  expected  to  perceive 
and  appreciate  them,  even  if  we  were  henceforth  silent  upon  the 
subject.  When  our  unhappy  civil  war  broke  out,  we  distinctly  con- 
fessed that  we  knew  what  great  temptations  it  offered  to  foreign 
intervention  and  aggression,  and  that  in  no  event  could  such  inter- 


FRANCE,   RUSSIA.  —  THE   NAVY.  407 

vention  or  aggression  be  endured.  It  was  apparent  that  such  ag- 
gression, if  it  should  come,  must  tiavel  over  the  seas,  and  therefore 
must  be  met  and  encountered,  if  at  all,  by  maritime  resistance.  We 
addressed  ourselves  to  prepare  the  means  of  such  resistance.  We 
have  now  a  navy,  not  indeed  as  ample  as  we  proposed,  but  yet  one 
which  we  feel  assured  is  not  altogether  inadequate  to  the  purposes 
of  self-defence,  and  it  is  yet  rapidly  increasing  in  men,  material, 
and  engines  of  war.  Besides  this  regular  naval  force,  the  President 
has  asked,  and  Congress  has  given  him,  authority  to  convert  the 
mercantile  marine  into  armed  squadrons,  by  the  issue  of  letters 
of  marque  and  reprisal.  All^the  world  might  see,  if  it  would,  that 
the  great  arm  of  naval  defence  has  not  been  thus  invigorated  for 
the  mere  purpose  of  maintaining  a  blockade,  or  enforcing  our  au- 
thority against  the  insurgents,  for  practically  they  have  never  had 
an  open  port,  or  built  and  armed,  nor  could  they  from  their  own  re- 
sources build  and  arm,  a  single  ship  of  war.  Every  European  states- 
man who  knows  anything  of  our  history,  or  even  of  the  nature  of 
our  complex  republican  institutions,  understands  .full  well  that  we 
are  building  a  navy  not  for  ulterior,  or  even  immediate  foreign 
war,  but  for  self-defence.  Thus,  the  world  is  left  free  to  under- 
stand that  our  measures  of  maritime  war  are  intended  to  resist 
maritime  aggression,  which  is  constantly  threatened  from  abroad, 
and  even  more  constantly  apprehended  at  home.  That  it  would 
be  employed  for  that  purpose,  if  such  aggression  should  be  at- 
tempted, would  seem  certain,  unless,  indeed,  there  should  be  reason 
to  suppose  that  the  people  do  no£  in  this  respect  approve  of  the 
policy  and  sympathize  with  the  sentiments  of  the  executive  govern- 
ment. But  the  resistance  of  foreign  aggression  by  all  the  means  in 
our  power,  and  at  the  hazard,  if  need  be,  of  the  national  life  itself, 
is  the  one  point  of  policy  on  which  the  American  people  seem  to  be 
unanimous,  and  in  complete  harmony  with  the  President.  This  is 
no  menace  of  war  to  Great  Britain  ;  it  is  simply  an  assumption  of 
the  position  of  self-defence  against  a  naval  enemy,  from  whatever 
quarter  he  may  come.  Need  I  add,  that  this  position  is  not  affected 
by  the  character  in  which  the  enemy  may  come,  whether  under  the 
authority  and  bearing  the  flag  of  a  foreign  state,  or  as  an  unauthor- 
ized invader,  defying  the  authority  of  his  own  state,  while  seeking 
to  invade  our  own.  If,  then,  we  shall  become  engaged  with  such  an 
enemy,  whether  he  comes  from  Great  Britain,  or  from  France,  or 


408  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

from  Russia,  what  must  be  the  limit  of  our  resistance  ?  The  law  of 
nations  says  that  the  only  limit  is  that  which  can  be  defined  by 
ascertaining  the  magnitude  of  the  public  danger. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams, 

October  6,  1863. — The  United  States  understand  that  the  Ala- 
bama is  a  pirate  ship-of-war,  roving  over  the  seas,  capturing,  burn- 
ing, sinking  and  destroying  American  vessels,  without  ;my  lawful 
authority  from  the  British  government  or  from  any  other  sovereign 
power,  in  violation  of  the  law  of  nations,  and  contemptuously  defy- 
ing all  judicial  tribunals  equally  of 'Great  Britain  and  all  other 
states.  The  United  States  understand  that  she  was  purposely  built 
for  war  against  the  United  States  by  British  subjects  in  a  British 
port,  and  prepared  there  to  be  armed  and  equipped  with  a  specified 
armament  adapted  to  her  construction  for  the  very  piratical  career 
which  she  is  now  pursuing;  that  her  armament  and  equipment, 
duly  adapted  to  this  ship-of-war  and  no  other,  were  simultaneously 
prepared  by  the  same  British  subjects  in  a  British  port,  to  be 
placed  on  board  to  complete  her  preparation  for  that  career ;  that 
when  she  was  ready  and  her  armament  and  equipment  were  equally 
ready,  she  was  clandestinely,  and  by  connivance  sent  by  her  British 
holders,  and  the  armament  and  equipment  were  at  the  same  time 
clandestinely  sent  through  the  same  connivance  by  the  British 
subjects  who  had  prepared  them,  to  a  common  port  outside  of 
British  waters,  and  there  the  armament  and  equipment  of  the 
Alabama  as  a  ship-of-war  were,  completed,  and  she  was  sent  forth 
on  her  work  of  destruction  with  a  crew  chiefly  of  British  subjects, 
enlisted  in  and  proceeding  from  a  British  port,  in  fraud  of  the  laws 
of  Great  Britain,  and  in  violation  of  the  peace  and  sovereignty  of 
the  United  States.  The  United  States  understand  that  the  purpose 
of  the  building,  armament  and  equipment,  and  expedition  of  the 
vessel,  was  one  single  criminal  intent,  running  equally  through  the 
building  and  the  equipment  and  the  expedition,  and  fully  completed 
and  executed  when  the  Alabama  was  finally  despatched,  and  that 
this  intent  brought  the  whole  transaction  of  building,  armament 
and  equipment  within  the  lawful  jurisdiction  of  Great  Britain, 
where  the  main  features  of  the  crime  were  executed.  The  United 
States  understand  that  they  gave  sufficient  and  adequate  notice  to 
the  British  government,  that  this  wrongful  enterprise  was  begun 


THE   ALABAMA   CLAIMS.  409 

and  was  being  carried  out  to  its  completion ;  and  that  upon  receiv- 
ing this  notice,  her  Majesty's  government  were  bound  by  treaty 
obligations  and  by  the  law  of  nations  to  prevent  its  execution,  and 
that  if  the  diligence  which  was  due  had  been  exercised  by  the  Brit- 
ish government  the  expedition  of  the  Alabama  would  have  been 
prevented,  and  the  wrongful  enterprise  of  British  subjects  would 
have  been  defeated.  The  United  States  confess  that  some  effort 
was  made  by  her  Majesty's  government,  but  it  was  put  forth  too 
late  and  was  too  soon  abandoned.  Upon  these  principles  of  law 
and  these  assumptions  of  fact,  the  United  States  do  insist,  and  must 
continue  to  insist,  that  the  British  government  is  justly  responsible 
for  the  damages  which  the  peaceful,  law-abiding  citizens  of  the 
United  States  sustain  by  the  depreciations  of  the  Alabama.  I  can- 
not, therefore,  instruct  you  to  refrain  from  presenting  the  claims 
which  you  have  now  in  your  hands  of  the  character  indicated.1 

In  saying  this,  however,  it  is  not  to  be  understood  that  the 
United  States  intend  to  act  dogmatically  or  in  a  litigious  spirit. 
They  are  seriously  and  earnestly  desirous  to  maintain  not  only 
peace,  but  even  amity,  with  Great  Britain.  They  understand  how 
unavoidably  grievances  have  reciprocally  arisen  out  of  the  diver- 
gence of  policies  which  the  two  countries  have  adopted  in  regard  to 
the  present  insurrection.  This  government  thinks  it  understands, 
and  in  some  measure  appreciates,  the  difficulties  and  embarrass- 
ments under  which  her  Majesty's  government  are  laboring,  result- 
ing from  the  pressure  of  interests  and  combinations  of  British  sub- 
jects calculated  to  compromise  the  neutrality  which  her  Majesty  has 
proclaimed,  and  tending  even  to  involve  the  two  nations  in  a 
destructive  maritime  war.  This  government  confesses  very  freely 
that  it  does  not  regard  the  present  hour  as  one  that  is  entirely 
favorable  to  a  calm  and  candid  examination  of  either  the  facts  or  the 
principles  involved  in  such  cases  as  the  Alabama.  It  looks  forward 
to  a  period  when  our  intestine  war  shall  have  ceased,  and  the  inter- 
ests and  passions  which  it  has  awakened  abroad  as  well  as  at  home 
shall  have  subsided  and  disappeared.  Though  indulging  a  confident 
belief  in  the  correctness  of  our  positions  in  regard  to  the  claims  in 
question,  and  others,  we  shall  be  willing  at  all  times  hereafter,  as 
well  as  now,  to  consider  the  evidence  and  the  arguments  which  her 
Majesty's  government  may  offer,  to  show  that  they  are  invalid,  and 

1  Earl  Russell  had  requested  that  no  more  such  claims  might  be  presented. 


410  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

if  we  shall  not  be  convinced,  there  is  no  fair  and  just  form  of  con- 
ventional arbitrament  or  reference  to  which  we  shall  not  be  willing 
to  submit  them.  Entertaining  these  views,  the  President  thinks  it 
proper  for  you  to  inform  Earl  Russell  that  you  must  continue  to 
give  him  notice  of  claims  of  the  character  referred  to  when  they 
arise,  and  that  you  shall  propose  to  furnish  him  the  evidence  upon 
which  they  rest,  as  is  customary  in  such  cases,  in  order  to  guard 
against  ultimate  failure  of  justice.  If  he  shall  decline  to  receive  the 
evidence,  you  will  cause  it  to  be  duly  registered  and  preserved,  to 
be  presented  when  a  suitable  occasion  shall  hereafter  occur  for  re- 
newing and  urging  prosecution  of  the  claims. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Dayton. 

October  23,  1863.  —  I  have  the  honor  to  acknowledge  the  recep- 
tion of  your  despatch  of  the  9th  instant,  which  brings  me  the  views 
expi-essed  by  Mr.  Drouyn  de  THuys  concerning  the  situation  in 
Mexico.  Various  considerations  have  induced  the  President  to 
avoid  taking  any  part  in  the  speculative  debates  bearing  on  that 
situation  which  have  been  carried  on  in  the  capitals  of  Europe  as 
well  as  in  those  of  America.  A  determination  to  err  on  the  side  of 
strict  neutrality,  if  we  err  at  all,  in  a  war  which  is  carried  on  be- 
tween two  nations  with  which  the  United  States  are  maintaining 
relations  of  amity  and  friendship,  was  prominent  among  the  consid- 
erations to  which  I  have  thus  referred. 

The  United  States,  nevertheless,  when  invited  by  France  or 
Mexico,  cannot  omit  to  express  themselves  with  perfect  frankness 
upon  new  incidents,  as  they  occur,  in  the  progress  of  that  war.  Mr, 
Drouyn  de  l'Huys  now  speaks  of  an  election  which  he  expects  to 
be  held  in  Mexico,  and  to  result  in  the  choice  of  his  Imperial  High- 
ness the  Prince  Maximilian  of  Austria  to  be  Emperor  of  Mexico. 
We  learn  from  other  sources  that  the  prince  has  declared  his  will- 
ingness to  accept  an  imperial  throne  in  Mexico  on  three  conditions, 
namely :  first,  that  he  shall  be  called  to  it  by  the  universal  suffrage 
of  the  Mexican  nation ;  secondty,  that  he  shall  receive  indispensable 
guarantees  for  the  integrity  and  independence  of  the  proposed  em- 
pire ;  and  thirdly,  that  the  head  of  his  family,  the  Emperor  of  Aus- 
tria, shall  acquiesce. 

Referring  to  these  facts,  Mr.  Drouyn  de  THuys  intimates  that  an 
early  acknowledgment  of  the  proposed  empire  by  the  United  States 


MAXIMILIAN   AS   EMPEROR   OF   MEXICO.  411 

would  be  convenient  to  France,  by  relieving  her,  sooner  than  might 
be  possible  under  other  circumstances,  from  her  troublesome  com- 
plications in  Mexico. 

Happily  the  French  government  has  not  been  left  uninformed 
that,  in  the  opinion  of  the  United  States,  the  permanent  establish- 
ment of  a  foreign  and  monarchical  government  in  Mexico  will  be 
found  neither  easy  nor  desirable.  You  will  inform  Mr.  Drouyn  de 
l'Huys  that  this  opinion  remains  unchanged.  On  the  other  hand, 
the  United  States  cannot  anticipate  the  action  of  the  people  of 
Mexico,  nor  have  they  the  least  purpose  or  desire  to  interfere  with 
th«ir  proceedings,  or  control  or  interfere  with  their  free  choice,  or 
disturb  them  in  the  enjoyment  of  whatever  institutions  of  govern- 
ment they  may,  in  the  exercise  of  an  absolute  freedom,  establish. 
It  is  proper,  also,  that  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  should  be  informed 
that  the  United  States  continue  to  regard  Mexico  as  the  theatre  of 
a  war  which  has  not  yet  ended  in  the  subversion  of  the  government 
long  existing  there,  with  which  the  United  States  remain  in  the 
relation  of  peace  and  sincere  friendship ;  and  that,  for  this  reason, 
the  United  States  are  not  now  at  liberty  to  consider  the  question  of 
recognizing  a  government  which,  in'  the  further  chances  of  war, 
may  come  into  its  place.  The  United  States,  consistently  with 
their  principles,  can  do  no  otherwise  than  leave  the  destinies  of 
Mexico  in  the  keeping  of  her  own  people,  and  recognize  their 
sovereignty  and  independence  in  whatever  form  they  themselves 
shall  choose  that  this  sovereignty  and  independence  shall  be 
manifested. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

November  30,  1863.  —  Adhering  to  our  American  policy  of  non- 
interference in  the  affairs  of  other  countries,  I  shall  not  engage  in 
speculations  upon  the  probable  effects  of  the  proposition  of  the  Em- 
peror of  France  for  a  European  congress. 

I  may  properly  observe,  however,  in  that  connection,  that  it 
seems  as  if,  abroad  as  well  as  at  home,  the  course  of  political  ideas, 
which  was  so  rudely  broken  by  the  unhappy  insurrection  in  this 
country,  is  resuming  its  natural  and  accustomed  order.  European 
statesmen  and  governments  must,  in  the  main,  be  so  far  content 
with  governing  Europe  as  to  leave  to  the  statesmen  and  govern- 
ments of  America  the  responsibilities  of  regulating  affairs  on  this 
continent.     We  all  see  clearly  enough  how  much  American  affairs 


412  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

have  been  embarrassed  rather  than  relieved  by  the  attention  they 
have  engaged  in  Europe. 

This  return  of  normal  ideas  is  very  observable  in  this  country. 
The  efforts  to  substitute  anarchical  proceedings  for  the  constitutional 
operation  of  the  Federal  government  have  at  last  been  submitted  to 
the  test  of  popular  election  in  the  loyal  states,  with  all  the  advan- 
tage to  be  gained  by  indirection  of  manner  as  well  as  by  the  dis- 
contents which  a  fearful  civil  war,  so  long  conducted  without  deci- 
sive results,  could  afford.  The  result  is,  that  the  national  habit  of 
reliance  upon  the  constitutional  administration  is  restored,  even  at 
the  cost  of  the  social  and  political  changes  which  it  is  foreseen  must 
result  from  the  removal  of  the  dominating  institution  of  slavery. 

Apprehensions  that  the  aggrandizement  of  the  United  States  as  a 
commercial  power  can  bring  any  practical  inconvenience  or  danger 
to  European  states  can  disturb  none  but  visionary  minds.  We  can 
never  be  dangerous,  unless  we  are  armed.  We  were  never  so  great, 
and  yet  never  so  completely  unarmed,  as  we  were  when  this  civil 
war  broke  out.  We  were  never  before  so  shorn  of  national  pres- 
tige as  we  are  now,  through  the  operation  of  domestic  faction  ;  yet 
we  have  never  before  been  so  strongly  armed  as  we  are  at  this  mo- 
ment, upon  land  and  water.  If  we  have  ever  been  aggressive,  it 
was  the  interest  of  slavery  that  made  us  belligerent  abroad,  as  it 
was  the  same  interest  that  has  now  afflicted  ourselves  with  civil  war. 
We  can  be  only  a  peaceful  nation  if  we  are  left  to  enjoy  our  inde- 
pendence in  the  way  that  our  destiny  leads  us.  We  can  only  be- 
come a  disturber  of  the  world's  peace  by  being  called  into  the  world 
to  defend  that  independence. 

I  do  not  know  in  what  way  Great  Britain  and  France  may  think 
it  expedient  to  reverse  the  injurious  policy  they  have  hitherto  pur- 
sued in  regard  to  us,  but  I  think  that  in  order  to  direct  their  atten- 
tion with  more  earnestness  to  European  affairs,  they  must  soon 
come  to  the  conclusion  that  it  is  wise  to  remit  American  affairs  ex- 
clusively to  the  government  of  the  United  States. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

January  15,  1804.  —  I  thank  you  for  calling  my  attention  to  the 
significant  declaration,  in  a  leading  British  journal,  that,  as  for 
Great  Britain,  in  regard  to  the  two  greatest  risks  and  largest  fields 
of  danger,  her  securities  are  of  a  very  opposite  character  —  that  she 


BEITISH   AGGRESSIONS.  —  INDEMNITY.  413 

depends  upon  peace  in  Europe,  and  war  in  America :  upon  war  in 
America,  because  it  is  only  too  probable  that  a  restoration  of  the 
national  authority  here,  upon  any  terms,  would  be  immediately  fol- 
lowed by  what  are  described  as  "  most  preposterous  "  demands  upon 
Great  Britain. 

That  the  policy  which  her  Majesty's  government  have  thought 
proper  to  pursue  in  regard  to  the  insurrection  existing  in  this 
country  has  resulted  in  producing  many  grave  claims  on  behalf  of 
our  citizens  is  a  fact  which  manifestly  appears  in  the  diplomatic 
records  of  both  countries.  That  these  claims  are  sustained  here  by 
a  deep  and  pervading  popular  conviction  of  their  justice  is  apparent 
to  all  who  weigh,  however  carelessly,  the  daily  utterances  of  the 
organs  of  public  opinion.  It  is,  indeed,  a  question  of  deep  interest 
to  both  countries,  whether  this  condition  of  things  will  generate, 
when  our  domestic  peace  shall  have  been  restored,  a  policy  of  un- 
reasonable and  litigious  exactions  upon  the  British  government.  We 
may  safely  refer  to  our  correspondence  with  her  Majesty's  govern- 
ment to  prove  that  the  government  of  the  United  States  does  not 
desire  such  disturbed  relations  as  a  consequence  of  our  war,  while, 
if  it  be  not  disrespectful,  I  may  add,  that  we  are  satisfied  that  her 
Majesty's  government  sincerely  deprecates  it.  I  do  not  apprehend, 
therefore,  that  the  British  government  will  take  or  pursue  the  policy 
indicated  in  the  quarter  to  which  I  have  alluded,  with  a  view  to  a 
prolongation  of  our  civil  war.  That  war  has  its  evils  and  dangers 
for  Great  Britain,  and  for  Europe,  as  well  as  for  the  United  States, 
and  for  the  American  continent.  Whatever  errors  or  misconcep- 
tions may  have  heretofore  prevailed  in  Europe  in  regard  to  the 
causes  of  the  insurrection,  and  the  freedom  of  this  government  from 
responsibility  to  the  country  and  to  mankind  for  its  existence,  and 
even  for  its  duration,  those  errors  and  misapprehensions  are  now 
speedily  clearing  away,  and  it  is  daily  becoming  more  appai-ent  that 
the  insurrection  has  derived  its  main  support  from  European  sym- 
pathies, and  rests  all  its  future  hopes  upon  European  aid  and  recog- 
nition. I  may  even  go  further,  and  say  that  the  British  realm  and 
British  provinces  already  are  seen  to  be  the  basis  of  the  naval  war 
which  the  insurgents  affect  to  wage  against  our  country  ;  and  that 
British  capital  and  British  seamen  are  seen  to  constitute  the  chief 
resource  and  strength  of  the  pretended  belligerent.  I  should  not 
distrust  the  ultimate  judgment  of  the  British  nation  in  our  favor, 


414  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 

and  against  its  own  government,  if  that  government  should  pursue 
henceforth  a  policy  calculated  to  protract  the  unhappy  contest.  Nor 
will  I  do  the  government  any  more  than  the  nation  so  great  a 
wrong  as  to  believe  that  it  could  deliberately  lend  itself  to  any  sys- 
tem of  administration  that  would  be  calculated  to  injure  or  en- 
danger the  safety,  peace,  and  welfare  of  a  kindred  and  friendly 
nation. 

The  President  has  never  failed  to  forecast  the  dangers  of  aliena- 
tion between  Great  Britain  and  the  United  States,  arising  out  of 
their  civil  war  and  surviving  it ;  hence  the  earnestness  of  his  increas- 
ing remonstrances  against  the  concession  of  belligerent  rights,  and 
the  continuance  of  that  concession  ;  hence  his  willingness  to  hear, 
and  his  promptness  in  seeking  to  adjust,  the  reasonable  claims  of 
British  subjects,  and  meet  the  just  expectations  of  her  Majesty's 
government ;  hence  the  cheerfulness  with  which  he  has  hastened  to 
negotiate  treaties  designed  to  settle  even  difficulties  which  existed 
before  the  war,  and  to  change  early  policies  that  favored  discord  be- 
tween the  two  countries.  It  is  his  purpose  to  pursue  this  course  to  the 
end  of  bis  administration,  and  so  far  as  it  shall  be  possible,  to 
impress  upon  the  habitual  policy  of  the  government  a  friendly  and 
even  fraternal  disposition  towards  Great  Britain,  so  that  the  two 
nations  may  go  on  harmoniously  together,  favoring  everywhere  the 
development  of  just  principles  of  free,  responsible  government,  and 
the  progress  of  a  humane  civilization,  especially  in  Central  and 
Southern  America,  and  in  the  portions  of  the  Eastern  world  now 
being  reopened  to  Western  commerce. 

The  pursuit  of  this  policy  is  not  unattended  by  many  embarrass- 
ments. Nothing  but  military  disasters,  not  now  apprehended, 
could  induce  the  American  people  to  believe  themselves  incompetent 
to  grapple  with  all  the  foreign  dangers  incident  to  the  fullest  asser- 
tion of  their  rights,  and  a  full  redress  of  their  wrongs,  while,  like 
every  other  nation,  they  naturally  view  these  rights  and  wrongs 
under  the  influence  of  self-esteem,  perhaps  not  altogether  free  from 
prejudices  disparaging  to  other  nations ;  nevertheless,  the  policy  is 
practicable,  and  may  be  successfully  established.  They  are  only 
superficial  observers  who  assume  that  the  United  States  are  a  litig- 
ious and  contentious  nation,  and  who  reason  from  that  assumption 
that,  when  they  shall  have  gained  the  blessings  of  internal  peace, 
they  will  be  found  impatient  for  aggressive  foreign  war.     I  know 


BRITISH   AGGRESSIONS.  —  INDEMNITY.  415 

that  we  have  such  interpreters  in  our  public  press  ;  but  they  reason 
from  the  excitement  of  the  present  hour,  not  from  the  normal 
temperament  of  the  American  people.  We  have  a  continent  to 
bring  forward  to  a  higher  state  of  development  and  civilization  than 
even  Europe  and  the  United  States  have  yet  attained.  We  have 
need  to  extend  throughout  the  world  a  foreign  commerce,  which  is 
an  inevitable  outgrowth  of  our  internal  commerce.  We  have  insti- 
tutions of  self-government  to  maintain.  These  are  most  effect- 
ually maintained  by  commending  them  to  the  favorable  opinion  of 
mankind,  and  they  can  be  so  commended  by  showing  that,  in  their 
practical  operation,  they  do  not  instigate  violence  either  at  home  or 
abroad,  but  are  conservative  of  law,  order,  and  universal  peace. 

But  it  is  manifestly  needful  to  the  success  of  the  President's 
policy  that  a  corresponding  spirit  shall  direct  the  action  of  the  Brit- 
ish government  during  the  period  which  shall  intervene  before  our 
domestic  peace  is  restored. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Pike. 

February  15,  1864.  —  Laborious  efforts  have  been  made  from 
time  to  time,  chiefly  by  British  statesmen,  to  prove  that  the  conces- 
sion of  a  belligerent  naval  character  by  their  government  to  the 
insurgents  in  this  country  was  right,  and  even  that  it  was  necessary. 
The  United  States  have  never  conceded  either  the  justice  or  the 
necessity  of  that  proceeding,  but,  on  the  contrary,  they  declared  at 
first,  and  have  ever  since  maintained,  that  it  was  as  ungenerous  and 
unfriendly  as  it  was  exceptional.  Having  been  followed  by  the 
concurrence  of  the  other  maritime  powers,  as  it  is  understood  in 
some  cases  upon  considerations  of  prudence,  and  in  others  upon  the 
suggestions  of  sympathy  with  Great  Britain,  that  important  meas- 
ure has  secured  to  none  of  the  maritime  powers  any  real  advantage, 
while  it  has  deeply  affected  the  United  States.  Steadily  adhering 
to  the  prudent  policy  which  their  exposed  condition  suggested,  they 
are  at  last  surmounting  what  other  states  have  insisted  upon 
regarding  as  fatal  dangers.  But,  as  they  feel  more  assured  of  com- 
ing out  of  the  revolutionary  storm,  the  people  of  this  country 
become  more  and  more  keenly  sensible  of  the  injuries  which  they 
received  from  friendly  hands  during  their  peril.  European  states- 
men, on  the  other  hand,  are  beginning  to  consider  what  will  be  the 
form  and  measure  of  the  atonement  that  the  United  States  will 


416  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

claim  at  the  bands  of  states  which  unnecessarily  and  unkindly  have 
lent  aid  and  sympathies  to  the  insurgents.  , 

It  is  to  be  expected,  of  course,  that  the  United  States,  after  pass- 
ing the  present  crisis,  will  seek  to  maintain  the  position  they  have 
hitherto  held  in  the  commonwealth  of  nations,  and  to  improve  the 
resources  with  which  Providence  has  blessed  them.  But  it  is  no 
secret  that  the  President  thinks  justice  and  magnanimity  are  safer 
and  surer  guides  for  a  republic  than  jealousy  and  aggression.  It  is, 
moreover,  hardly  to  be  expected  of  any  people  that  they  will  be 
content  to  practise  these  virtues  towards  other  nations  which  perse- 
vere in  injurious  and  wantonly  offensive  courses.  Desirous,  there- 
fore, that  when  our  domestic  war  shall  cease,  the  natural  controver- 
sies that  grew  out  of  it  may  also  be  brought  to  an  end,  I  have  been 
authorized,  whenever  circumstances  seemed  propitious,  to  invite  the 
maritime  powers  to  reexamine  their  attitude  and  to  resume  their 
original  relations  towards  the  United  States.  I  know  how  hard  it 
is  for  a  state  to  retrace  an  erroneous  course  so  long  as  it  can  be  fol- 
lowed without  immediate  peril ;  and  therefore  I  am  not  surprised  or 
discouraged  with  the  failure  that  has  thus  far  attended  the  appeals 
which  we  have  made  not  more  earnestly  in  the  present  interest  of 
our  national  cause  than  in  the  ultimate  interest  of  universal  peace 
and  harmony.  But  if  we  are  right  in  our  belief  that  the  American 
Union  is  coming  safely  and  purified  out  of  the  fire  through  which, 
for  its  early  acceptance  of  human  bondage  as  a  political  element  in 
its  organization,  it  was  doomed  to  pass,  then  it  is  clear  that  the 
maritime  powers  would  do  wisely  in  promptly  receding  from  the 
position  which,  in  a  moment  of  precipitancy,  they  unwisely  adopted 
in  regard  to  the  insurrection.  If  the  United  States  survive  the 
struggle,  all  of  the  maritime  powers  must,  sooner  or  later,  revise 
their  attitude  of  which  we  complain.  The  power  that  first  perceives 
and  performs  this  duty  will  be  distinguished,  and  will  reap  the 
rewards  of  wisdom  and  virtue. 

I  am  obliged  to  confess  that  it  is  not  now  expected  that  the  treaty 
in  regard  to  negro  emigration  will  be  ratified.  The  American  peo- 
ple have  advanced  to  a  new  position  in  regard  to  slavery  and  the 
African  class  since  the  President,  in  obedience  to  their  prevailing 
wishes,  accepted  the  policy  of  colonization.  Now,  not  only  their 
free  labor  but  their  military  service  also  is  appreciated  and  ac- 
cepted, i 


THE   CONDUCT   OF   THE    WAR.  417 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

April  22, 1864.  —  Your  inference  from  the  condition  of  things  is, 
that  this  government  must  apply  itself  with  the  greatest  possible 
energy  to  bring  the  civil  war  to  a  speedy  and  triumphant  conclusion, 
or  else  it  may  have  reason  to  expect  conflict  with  Great  Britain  and 
with  her  allies.  While,  however,  we  accept  this  wise  counsel,  it 
would  be  unjust  on  my  part  toward  the  treasury,  war,  and  navy 
departments  if  I  were  to  withhold  the  expression  of  a  thorough 
and  deliberate  conviction  that  the  war  is  conducted  with  all  the 
energy  and  skill  which  any  administration  of  the  government  of  the 
United  States  in  their  circumstances  could  command. 

The  conflict  is  indeed  a  great  one,  and  the  ideas  and  interests 
which  sustain  the  parties  engaged  in  it  render  it  fierce  and  obsti- 
nate. We  must,  therefore,  accept  the  case  as  it  is  —  a  case  of  severe 
domestic  trial,  with  continual  danger  of  foreign  intervention.  We 
have  before  us  but  one  line  of  duty  —  that  is,  the  way  of  persever- 
ance. It  is  the  course  we  have  pursued  hitherto.  It  will  save  us 
now  unless  we  are  to  be  lost.  That  this  nation  can  be  lost  is  a 
conclusion  that  neither  our  virtue  nor  our  patriotism  nor  even  our 
reason  can  accept. 

I  will  not  say  how  great  our  confidence  in  the  opening  campaign 
is.  Events  are  so  near  that  we  can  more  wisely  wait  for  them  than 
anticipate  them.  Nor  can  we  prudently  forget  that  of  all  human 
transactions  those  of  war  are,  in  their  sequence,  the  most  uncertain 
and  capricious,  although  the  ultimate  results  are  a  subject  of  polit- 
ical calculation.  We  have  the  conviction  that  the  national  cause  is 
in  a  far  stronger  condition  now  than  it  has  been  at  any  previous 
stage  of  the  civil  war,  while  the  disunion  forces  seem  weaker  than 
at  any  time  heretofore.  The  maritime  powers  whose  interference 
is  to  be  apprehended  if  we  shall  be  unfortunate,  seem  to  me  to  be 
somewhat  less  at  liberty  to  engage  against  us  now  than  they  have 
hitherto  been.  I  think  it  certain  that  we  have  more  friends  and 
fewer  enemies  abroad  now  than  we  have  had  at  former  periods  of 
the  war.  Thus  time  seems  to  be  favoring  us,  and  time  is  always 
the  best  friend  of  justice  and  truth.  Nor  is  it  necessary  to  suppress 
the  conviction,  that  pacific  as  the  temper  of  the  American  people 
is,  yet  that  the  efforts  and  sacrifices  which  they  have  hitherto  made 
are  inconsiderable  compared  with  what  they  would  make  if  now 
27 


418  SELECTIONS    FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

assailed  by  a  foreign  enemy.  Practically  there  is  no  longer  a  hear- 
ing in  the  country  for  a  man  who  counsels  fear  of  the  enemy  at 
home;  much  less  would  there  be  a  hearing  for  one  who  should 
counsel  submission  to  aggression  from  abroad.  These  are  the 
grounds  upon  which  the  President  builds  his  hope  that  we  shall 
pass  safely  through  the  trials  which  are  before  us. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

June  20,  1864.  —  Your  despatch  of  the  2d  of  June  has  been  re- 
ceived. The  account  you  give  in  it  of  the  credulity  exercised  in 
political  circles  in  regard  to  alleged  disasters  of  our  armies  is  fully 
sustained  by  the  concurrent  expositions  of  the  British  press.  I  per- 
ceive that  it  is  at  last  confessed  by  that  press,  with  entire  unanim- 
ity, that  the  sympathies  and  good  wishes  of  the  nation  are  with  the 
insurgents.  The  British  nation  has  arrived  at  this  stage  only  now, 
at  the  moment  when,  for  the  first  time,  it  is  made  clear  that  the 
success  of  the  Union  involves  directly  the  extinction  of  African 
slavery  throughout  the  world,  while  the  failure  of  the  Union  would 
reinvigorate  and  perpetuate  that  greatest  solecism  of  modern  civil- 
ization. All  popular  sympathies  and  excitements  seem  to  me  to 
run  their  course  briefly  in  England.  British  humanitarians  no 
longer  appeal  to  the  world  for  Poland.  They  dismiss  Garibaldi  and 
united  Italy  with  grace,  indeed,  but  still  without  practical  aid.  On 
the  contrary,  they  reason  against  military  demonstration,  and  hope, 
without  encouragement,  for  the  failure  of  the  American  Union. 
That  illusive  hope  they  will  not  surrender.  Nevertheless,  they  can- 
not admit  even  to  themselves  that  the  hope  which  is  so  precious 
arises  out  of  ungenerous  motives.  We  can  afford  to  wait.  Time, 
which  has  so  slowly  brought  to  the  British  politicians  sufficient 
boldness  to  confess  the  sympathies  with  the  armed  upholders  of 
slavery,  which  were  heretofore  denied,  will  not  long  leave  the  sources 
of  those  deplorable  sympathies  undisclosed.  Nevertheless  I  cannot 
hold  the  British  nation  altogether  responsible.  It  is  misled,  not 
unwillingly,  indeed,  but  still  it  is  misled,  by  that  portion  of  our  own 
citizens  who  see  in  the  ruin  of  slavery  the  removal  of  the  basis  upon 
which  a  huge  fabric  of  political  strength  is  permanently  built.  In 
short,  the  struggle  in  which  we  are  engaged,  while  it  is  flagrant 
with  civil  war  in  the  insurrectionary  states,  is  at  the  same  time  a 
political  revolution  within  the  states  which  recognize  the  Union.    In 


CIVIL   WAR   OUR   OWN   AFFAIR.  419 

this  respect  our  case  is  not  an  exceptional  one.  It  is  the  experience 
of  every  nation  that  falls  into  civil  war.  We  did  well,  however,  at 
the  beginning,  when  we  disallowed  an  appeal  to  European  sympa- 
thies, and  declared  that  we  should  rely  exclusively  upon  ourselves. 
It  has  been  very  difficult  to  convince  many  of  our  citizens  of  this  ; 
but  we  are  vindicated  at  last.  Let  us  hope  that  the  strange  hallu- 
cination of  the  British  nation  may  not,  when  it  ends,  be  succeeded 
by  lasting  resentments  and  prejudices  in  either  country. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

July  28,  1864.  —  I  wish  it  could  be  as  well  understood  in  Great 
Britain  as  it  is  here,  that  there  is  no  more  any  necessity  for  disturb- 
ance, or  fear  of  disturbance  of  the  peace  between  Great  Britain  and 
the  United  States  than  there  is  any  advantage  to  accrue  to  Great 
Britain  from  an  uncertainty  upon  that  point.  The  United  States 
are  unhappily  engaged  in  a  civil  war,  which,  on  the  side  of  the  gov- 
ernment, is  an  involuntary,  yet  an  inevitable  and  eminently  moral 
contest.  Though  this  is  an  unusual  occurrence  in  our  experience, 
yet  civil  war  is  not  exceptional  in  the  general  experience  of  na- 
tions. This  civil  war  is  exclusively  our  own  affair  ;  and  if  the  gov- 
ernment and  people  of  Great  Britain  had  treated  it  as  such  from 
the  first,  as  rigorously  as  they  habitually  treat  civil  war  in  the  case 
of  other  nations,  no  ill  feeling  would  have  been  engendered.  Dur- 
ing the  latter  part  of  the  year  1863,  the  government  of  Great 
Britain  manifested  a  decided  determination  not  only  to  avoid  inter- 
vention, but  also  to  prevent  unlawful  naval  intervention  by  British 
subjects.  This  manifestation  produced  a  very  happy  effect  in  the 
United  States.  Congress  assembled  on  the  7th  of  December,  and  did 
not  adjourn  until  the  4th  of  July.  The  Senate  confirmed  a  treaty 
which  I  had  negotiated  with  Lord  Lyons,  and  during  all  that  long 
session  not  one  expression  of  anger  or  discontent  towards  Great 
Britain  was  uttered  at  the  capitol.  On  the  other  hand,  parliament 
assembled  in  February,  and  the  civil  war  was  habitually  brought 
up  for  debate  in  terms  which  indicated,  or  seemed  to  indicate,  a 
pretension  and  a  disposition  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain  to  inter- 
vene, if  not  forcibly,  yet  by  diplomacy,  in  our  civil  war,  if  not  un- 
aided, at  least  with  the  support  of  one  or  more  European  allies. 
Questions  arising  in  the  course  of  the  war,  and  affecting  the  rights 
of  Great  Britain  or  British  subjects,  have  been  invariably  brought 


420  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

before  Parliament  and  the  British  people  in  combination  with  de- 
nunciations of  the  war  itself,  and  propositions  of  intervention  in 
favor  of  the  insurgents.  While  the  ministry  have  not  concurred  in 
this  course  of  proceeding,  they  have  often  seemed  to  leave  it  doubt- 
ful whether  they  could  successfully  resist  what  was  generally  con- 
sidered to  be  a  natural  proclivity  to  intervention.  Impossible  as  it 
seems  to  be  for  the  British  public  to  comprehend  the  real  character 
and  the  actual  progress  of  the  war,  there  is  one  fact  on  which  they 
are  never  left  in  uncertainty,  namely,  that  all  foreign  pretensions  of 
intervention,  or  even  of  mediation,  are  deemed  in  the  United  States 
not  only  officious,  but  alarming.  Consequently  our  means  adopted 
for  suppressing  the  insurrection  take  on  at  every  stage  another  and 
special  character  —  preparations  on  the  largest  possible  scale  to  re- 
sist foreign  aggression.  We  should  not  be  either  true  Americans  or 
true  republicans  if  we  were  not  even  more  unanimous  in  this  policy 
than  we  are  in  overcoming  insurgents,  who,  though  now  enemies, 
nevertheless  are,  and  always  must  be,  our  countr3rmen  and  fellow- 
citizens.  It  is  thus  that  it  has  happened  that  though,  when  the 
British  parliament  assembled,  it  found  amicable  dispositions  pre- 
vailing between  the  governments  of  the  two  countries,  yet  when 
that  body  adjourned  a  necessity  seemed  to  have  arisen  for  guarding 
against  a  possible  change  of  these  relations.  We  read  that  British 
subjects,  whose  ecclesiastical  and  political  rank  and  position  are 
supposed  to  lend  importance  to  their  proceedings,  and  who  have  no- 
toriously and  officiously  aided  and  abetted  the  insurrection,  formally 
appealed  to  the  prime  minister,  at  the  close  of  the  parliamentary 
struggle,  to  commit  the  British  government  to  some  form  of  joint 
or  several  intervention  in  the  United  States,  and  that  this  appli- 
cation was  promptly  refused.  In  that  refusal  her  Majesty's  gov- 
ernment have  done,  in  regard  to  this  country,  only  what  this 
government,  ever  since  the  war  began,  has  done  in  regard  to  Great 
Britain.  She  has  had  her  domestic  discontents,  less  grave  indeed 
than  our  own,  in  the  British  islands,  and  in  British  American  prov- 
inces, in  India,  and  in  New  Zealand.  She  has  had  controversies  ol' 
a  serious  nature  in  China,  and  especially  in  Japan,  and  diplomatic 
conflicts  with  the  European  powers.  The  government  of  the  United 
States  has  not  sought  to  increase  these  discontents,  and  exasperate 
these  conflicts  ;  on  the  contrary,  whenever  it  could  not  lawfully  or 
properly  favor  British  interests,  this  government  has  been  silent; 


GEEAT   BRITAIN. — THE    IRISH   RACE.  421 

and  whenever  it  could  lawfully  and  properly  favor  them,  it  has  given 
them  generous  and  cheerful  support.  There  is  now  ground  for  be- 
lieving that  the  traitorous  insurgents  have  abandoned  their  hopes 
of  obtaining  a  naval  force  in  European  ports  adequate  to  raise  our 
blockade,  and  are,  therefore,  leaving  the  British  coast  and  the  Brit- 
ish shores.  If  this  fact  shall  prove  to  be  true,  the  ministry  will  be 
sensibly  relieved  of  an  embarrassment  which  unnecessary  and  pre- 
cipitate toleration  at  the  beginning  of  the  war  rendered  unavoidable. 
It'  the  government  shall  now  find  themselves  able,  as  we  have  no 
doubt  they  are  well  disposed,  to  induce  the  British  nation  to  leave 
the  struggle  in  the  United  States  to  the  exclusive  care  of  the  people 
of  the  United  States,  the  peace  between  the  two  countries  may  be 
regarded  as  perpetual,  and  out  of  such  a  peace  feelings  of  amity  and 
friendship  must  come,  which  will  be  unquestionably  more  useful 
than  any  merely  political  convention  that  could  be  contracted  be- 
tween the  parties. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 
September  16,  1864.  —  I  have  read  with  much  interest  your 
remarks  upon  the  sectarian  riots  at  Belfast.  It  seems  tQ  me  that 
the  parliamentary  orators,  who  seek  to  excite  a  national  controversy 
with  us  on  the  ground  of  Irish  emigration,  might  profitably  study 
the  ecclesiastical  system  of  their  own  country.  Religion  is  a  con- 
cern of  deep  interest  for  all  the  people  of  every  •  nation,  and  for  a 
very  large  proportion  of  every  people  it  has  an  interest  paramount 
even  to  the  affairs  of  civil  government.  From  Turkey  quite  round 
the  world  to  Japan,  including  all  the  European  states  and  all  Amer- 
ican countries,  except  the  United  States,  spiritual  controversies  are 
a  permanent  fountain  of  political  and  even  revolutionary  conflicts. 
The  reformers  of  Great  Britain  dwell  much  upon  what  they  regard 
as  defects  of  their  political  system,  but  I  do  not  believe  any  political 
amendment  whatever  will  avail  to  arrest  the  depopulation  of  Ire- 
land. Nothing,  I  think,  can  do  that  but  an  adoption  of  our  own 
great  principle  of  an  absolute  divorce  between  the  church  and  the 
state.  It  is  not  true  that,  as  is  so  often  asserted,  the  Irish  religious 
sectarians  are  as  discontented  and  contentious  after  they  arrive  in 
America  as  they  were  in  their  native  country.  Some  few  of  them, 
indeed,  retain  a  disputatious  character  for  a  time,  but,  speaking  in  a 
practical  sense,  the  great  mass  are  speedily  absorbed  and  become  a 
loyal  and  effective  portion  of  the  American  people. 


422  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 

Great  Britain  has,  during  my  connection  with  this  government, 
been  successively  represented  by  three  sagacious  ministers  —  Sir 
John  F.  Crampton,  Lord  Napier,  and  Lord  Lyons.  I  do  not  know 
their  opinions  on  the  subject,  but  I  vehemently  doubt  whether 
either  of  them  would  represent  the  American  people  to  his  govern- 
ment as  likely  in  any  case  to  accept  foreign  intervention,  or  in  any 
event  to  submit  to  a  subversion  of  the  Constitution,  or  a  dissolution 
of  the  Union. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Bigelow. 

September  6,  1865. —  I  have  submitted  to  the  President  the  letter 
which  you  wrote  at  Dieppe  on  the  21st  of  August,  and  which  was 
marked  unofficial.  In  that  letter  you  discuss  at  large  the  present 
aspect  of  the  relations  between  the  United  States  and  France  as 
they  are  affected  by  the  situation  in  Mexico. 

On  this  subject  this  government  does  not  think  itself  called  upon 
to  volunteer  opinions,  counsel,  or  advice,  or  gratuitously  to  offer  ex- 
planations to  the  governments  of  Europe.  On  the  contrary,  we 
have  been  content  to  stand  upon  what  we  have  already  very  fre- 
quently set  forth,  while  every  proper  care  has  been  taken  to  prevent 
or  allay  irritations  which  might  tend  to  bring  about  unexpected  and 
undesired  collisions.  It  is  possible,  however,  that  the  French  gov- 
ernment may  think  it  proper  to  ask  you  for  explanations  to  some 
extent  of  the  President's  opinions  and  policy. 

This  paper  is  intended  to  enable  you,  in  such  a  case,  to  submit 
to  the  imperial  government,  in  an  earnest  and  yet  altogether  friendly 
manner,  certain  views  which  the  President  has  taken  of  the  political 
situation  in  Mexico.  Those  views  are  by  no  means  new,  and  they 
are  as  distinct  and  full  as  the  present  condition  of  the  question  in- 
volved enables  us  to  express. 

It  can  hardly  be  deemed  necessary  to  repeat  on  this  occasion 
what  has  been  so  often  and  so  constantly  avowed  by  this  govern- 
ment, namely,  that  the  people  of  the  United  States  cherish  a 
traditional  friendship  towards  France.  We  also  habitually  indulge 
a  conviction  that  the  existence  of  friendly  relations  between  the 
United  States  and  France  is  by  no  means  unfavorable  to  the  inter- 
ests of  that  great  nation.  These  sentiments  have  survived  the 
many  interesting  national  changes  which,  during  the  present  century, 
have  occurred  in  the  two  countries  concerned,  and  they  may  there- 


FRANCE   AND  MEXICO.  423 

fore  be  deemed  to  be  independent  of  all  merely  partisan  or  dynastic 
influences  in  the  one  country  or  in  the  other. 

It  is  perceived  with  much  regret  that  an  apparent  if  not  a  real,  a 
future  if  not  an  immediate,  antagonism  between  the  policies  of  the 
two  nations  seems  to  reveal  itself  in  the  situation  of  Mexico  before 
mentioned.  The  United  States  have  at  no  time  left  it  doubtful  that 
they  prefer  to  see  a  domestic  and  republican  system  of  government 
prevail  in  Mexico  rather  than  any  other  system.  This  preference 
results  from  the  fact  that  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States 
itself  is  domestic  and  republican,  and  from  a  belief  that  not  only  its 
constituent  parts  ought  to  preserve  the  same  form  and  character,  but 
that,  so  far  as  is  practically  and  justly  attainable  by  the  exercise  of 
moral  influences,  the  many  American  states  by  which  the  United 
States  are  surrounded  shall  be  distinguished  by  the  same  peculiari- 
ties of  government.  I  think  it  not  improper  to  add,  that  although 
the  Constitution  of  this  government  and  the  habits  of  the  American 
people  formed  under  it  disincline  us  from  political  propagandism, 
and  although  they  still  more  strongly  disincline  us  from  seeking  ag- 
grandizement by  means  of  military  conquest,  yet  that  the  nation 
has,  at  various  times  since  its  organization,  found  it  necessary  for 
expansion,  and  that  the  like  necessity  may  reasonably  be  expected 
to  occur  hereafter.  That  expansion  has  thus  far  been  effected  by 
the  annexation  of  adjacent  peoples,  who  have  come  into  the  Union 
through  their  own  consent  as  constituent  republican  states  under  the 
Constitution  of  the  United  States.  To  these  two  facts  may  be 
added  the  general  one  that  peace  and  friendship  between  the  United 
States  and  other  nations  on  this  continent,  and,  consequently,  the 
advance  of  civilization  in  this  hemisphere,  seem  to  us  more  likely 
to  be  secured  when  the  other  American  states  assimilate  to  our 
own. 

It  is  hardly  necessary  for  me  to  indicate  wherein  the  present 
attitude  and  proceedings  of  the  French  government  in  regard  to 
Mexico  seem  to  be  variant  from  the  policy  and  sentiments  of  the 
United  States  which  I  have  thus  described.  I  may  remark,  how- 
ever, in  general  terms,  that  France  appears  to  us  to  be  lending  her 
great  influence,  with  a  considerable  military  force,  to  destroy  the 
domestic  republican  government  in  Mexico,  and  to  establish  there 
an  imperial  system  under  the  sovereignty  of  an  European  prince, 
who,  until  he  assumed  the  crown,  was  a  stranger  to  that  country. 


424  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

We  do  not  insist  or  claim  that  Mexico  and  the  other  states  on  the 
American  continent  shall  adopt  the  political  institutions  to  which  we 
are  so  earnestly  attached,  but  we  do  hold  that  the  peoples  of  those 
countries  are  entitled  to  exercise  the  freedom  of  choosing  and  estab- 
lishing institutions  like  our  own,  if  they  are  preferred.  In  no  case 
can  we  in  any  way  associate  ourselves  with  efforts  of  any  party  or 
nation  to  deprive  the  people  of  Mexico  of  that  privilege. 

Passing  by  all  historical  questions  connected  with  the  subject,  as 
not  now  necessarily  requiring  discussion,  I  have  next  to  remark  that 
this  government  finds  itself  neither  less  obliged  nor  less  disposed 
at  the  present  moment  than  it  has  hitherto  been  to  adhere  to  its 
settled  policy.  Perhaps  the  French  government  may  be  supposed 
to  have  taken  notice  of  the  fact  that,  owing  to  the  popular  char- 
acter of  our  government,  our  national  policy  is  not  adopted  from 
the  choice  of  any  President  or  any  particular  administration,  and 
that,  on  the  contrary,  every  important  or  cardinal  policy  is  a  result 
of  the  determination  of  the  national  will  legally  expressed  in  the  man- 
ner appointed  and  prescribed  by  the  Constitution.  Experience  has 
shown  that,  in  every  case,  any  policy  which  has  arisen  from  such 
popular  sources,  and  which  has  been  perseveringly  supported  by 
the  general  national  conviction  through  a  long  series  of  years,  has 
been  found  to  be  essential  to  the  safety  and  welfare  of  the  Union. 

The  intense  popular  interest  which  was  awakened  by  the  preva- 
lence of  a  civil  war  of  vast  proportions  during  a  few  years  past  has 
tended  in  some  degree  to  moderate  the  solicitude  which  the  situation 
of  foreign  affairs  was  calculated  to  create;  but  that  interest  is  now 
rapidly  subsiding,  and  it  may  be  reasonably  anticipated  that  hence- 
forth the  Congress  of  the  United  States  and  the  people  in  their 
primary  assemblies  will  give  a  very  large  share  of  attention  to  ques- 
tions of  extraneous  character,  and  chief  among  these  is  likely  to  be 
that  of  our  relations  towards  France  with  regard  to  Mexico.  Nor 
does  it  seem  unwise  to  take  into  consideration  the  fact  that  the  pres- 
ence of  military  forces  of  the  two  nations,  sometimes  confronting 
each  other  across  the  border,  has  a  tendency,  which  both  of  them 
may  well  regret,  to  produce  irritation  and  annoyance.  The  French 
government  has  not  shown  itself  inattentive  to  this  inconvenience 
hitherto,  while  this  government  has  been  desirous  to  practise  equal 
prudence.  But  a  time  seems  to  have  come  when  both  nations  may 
well  consider  whether  the  permanent  interests  of  international  peace 


EXPRESSIONS   OF   ENGLISH   SYMPATHY.  425 

and  friendship  do  not  require  the  exercise  of  a  thoughtful  and 
serious  attention  to  the  political  questions  to  which  I  have  thus 
adverted. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

November  4,  1865.  —  During  the  seasons  of  spring  and  summer, 
which  have  now  passed,  you  transmitted  to  this  Department  the 
manifold  expressions  which  were  made  by  the  government,  public 
authorities,  civic,  ecclesiastical,  and  educational  corporations  and  as- 
sociations, as  well  as  by  public  assemblies  of  citizens  and  by  individ- 
ual citizens  of  the  realm,  of  their  feelings  of  sympathy  and  condo- 
lence with  the  government  and  people  of  the  United  States  in 
the  calamity  which  they  had  suffered  in  the  lamented  death  of  the 
late  President,  Abraham  Lincoln.  The  same  proceedings  spoke  in 
one  voice  the  language  of  indignant  reprobation  againt  the  perfidi- 
ous political  crime  of  assassination,  by  which  the  eminently  useful 
and  honorable  career  of  the  late  Chief  Magistrate  was  so  abruptly 
brought  to  a  fearful,  yet,  for  him,  most  triumphant  end. 

Owing  to  some  peculiar  casualties,1  the  efficiency  of  this  Depart- 
ment was  impaired  at  the  time  these  despatches  were  received. 
They  obtained  only  a  simple  and  formal  acknowledgment  from  the 
presiding  secretary,  and  no  instructions  were  given  you  concerning 
the  recognition  of  the  papers  alluded  to  by  this  government.  I 
have  now  to  inform  you  that  all  of  the  communications  thus  received 
were,  without  any  delay,  submitted  to  the  President  of  the  United 
States,  and  were  read  by  him  with  profound  emotions  of  sensibility 
and  gratitude.  It  was  his  expectation  that  the  parties  from  whom 
these  generous  and  sympathetic  utterances  had  come  would  be  duly 
and  promptly  assured  of  their  consolatory  influence,  not  only  upon 
himself  but  upon  the  whole  American  people.  It  is  deeply  regretted 
by  this  government  that  this  expectation  of  the  President  was  found 
impracticable.  # 

Our  government,  simply  constructed  with  adaptation  to  the  trans- 
action of  necessary  affairs  in  the  ordinary  course  of  administration, 
found  itself,  in  the  condition  of  this  Department  which  then 
existed,  inadequate  to  the  immediate  acknowledgment  of  such 
various  and  vast  obligations  suddenly  and  unexpectedly  incurred. 

The  regret,  however,  is  in  some  measure  mitigated  by  the  fact 

.  1  The  attempted  assassination  of  tue  Secretary  and  Assistant  Secretary. 


426  SELECTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

that  these  expressions  of  British  sympathy  and  good  will  were  only 
a  part  of  similar  manifestations  of  the  same  feelings  which  occurred 
in  every  part  of  the  world.  Nevertheless,  the  President  earnestly 
desires  that  recognition  shall  even  now  be  made  of  the  sympathies 
and  condolences  which  were  then  poured  in  upon  us  with  a  profusion 
that  did  honor  to  human  nature. 

Mr.  Seward  to  the  Marquis  de  Montholon. 

December  6,  1865.  —  The  effect  of  the  Emperor's  suggestions 
when  they  are  reduced  to  a  practical  shape  seems  to  be  this :  that 
France  is  willing  to  retire  from  Mexico  as  soon  as  she  may,  but  that 
it  would  be  inconvenient  for  her  without  first  receiving  from  the 
United  States  an  assurance  of  a  friendly  or  tolerant  disposition  to 
the  power  which  has  assumed  to  itself  an  imperial  form  in  the  capi- 
tal city  of  Mexico.  The  President  is  gratified  with  the  assurance 
you  have  thus  given  of  the  Emperor's  good  disposition.  I  regret, 
however,  to  be  obliged  to  say  that  the  condition  which  the  Emperor 
suggests  is  one  which  seems  quite  impracticable. 

It  is  true,  indeed,  that  the  presence  of  foreign  armies  in  an  adja- 
cent country  could  not,  under  any  circumstances,  but  cause  uneasi- 
ness and  anxiety  on  the  part  of  this  government.  It  creates  for  us 
expenses  which  are  inconvenient,  not  to  speak  of  dangers  of  collis- 
ion. Nevertheless,  I  cannot  but  infer  from  the  tenor  of  your  com- 
munication, that  the  principal  cause  of  the  discontent  prevailing  in 
the  United  States  in  regard  to  Mexico  is  not  fully  apprehended  by 
the  Emperor's  government.  The  chief  cause  is  not  that  there  is  a 
foreign  army  in  Mexico;  much  less  does  that  discontent  arise  from 
the  circumstances  that  the  foreign  army  is  a  French  one.  We  rec- 
ognize the  right  of  sovereign  nations  to  carry  on  war  with  each 
other  if  they  do  not  invade  our  right  or  menace  our  safety  or  just 
influence.  The  real  cause  of  our  national  discontent  is,  that  the 
French  army  which,  is  now  in  Mexico  is  invading  a  domestic  re- 
publican government  there  which  was  established  by  her  people, 
and  with  whom  the  United  States  sympathize  most  profoundly,  for 
the  avowed  purpose  of  suppressing  it  and  establishing  upon  its  ruins 
a  foreign  monarchical  government,  whose  presence  there,  so  long  as 
it  should  endure,  could  not  but  be  regarded  by  the  people  of  the 
United  States  as  injurious  and  menacing  to  their  own  chosen  and 
endeared  republican  institutions. 


INTERVENTION   CONSIDERED.  427 

I  admit  that  the  United  States  do  not  feel  themselves  called  upon 
to  make  a  war  of  propagandism  throughout  the  world,  or  even  on 
this  continent,  in  the  republican  cause.  We  have  sufficient  faith  in 
the  eventual  success  of  that  cause  on  this  continent,  through  the 
operation  of  existing  material  and  moral  causes,  to  induce  us  to 
acquiesce  in  the  condition  of  things  which  we  found  existing  here, 
while  our  own  republic  was  receiving  its  shape  and  development. 
On  the  other  hand  we  have  constantly  maintained,  and  still  feel 
bound  to  maintain,  that  the  people  of  every  state  on  the  American 
continent  have  a  right  to  secure  for  themselves  a  republican  govern- 
ment if  they  choose,  and  that  interference  by  foreign  states  to  pre- 
vent the  enjoyment  of  such  institutions  deliberately  established  is 
wrongful,  and  in  its  effects  antagonistical  to  the  free  and  popular 
form  of  government  existing  in  the  United  States.  We  should 
think  it  wrong  as  well  as  unwise,  on  the  part  of  the  United  States, 
to  attempt  to  subvert  by  force  monarchical  governments  in  Europe 
for  the  purpose  of  replacing  them  with  republican  institutions.  It 
seems  to  us  equally  objectionable  that  European  states  should  for- 
cibly intervene  in  states  situated  on  this  continent  to  overthrow  re- 
publican institutions,  and  replace  them  with  monarchies  or  empires. 

Having  thus  frankly  stated  our  position,  I  leave  the  question  for 
the  consideration  of  France,  sincerely  hoping  that  that  great  nation 
may  find  it  compatible  with  its  best  interests  and  its  high  honor  to 
withdraw  from  its  aggressive  attitude  in  Mexico  within  some  con- 
venient and  reasonable  time,  and  thus  leave  the  people  of  that 
country  to  the  free  enjoyment  of  the  system  of  republican  govern- 
ment which  they  have  established  for  themselves,  and  of  their 
adherence  to  which  they  have  given  what  seems  to  the  United 
States  to  be  decisive  and  conclusive,  as  well  as  very  touching  proofs. 
I  am,  sir,  the  more  inclined  to  hope  for  such  a  solution  of  the  diffi- 
culty for  the  reason  that  when,  at  any  time  within  the  last  four 
years,  the  question  has  been  asked  of  any  American  statesman,  or 
even  of  any  American  citizen,  what  country  in  Europe  was  the  one 
which  was  least  likely  to  experience  an  alienation  of  the  friendship 
of  the  United  States,  the  answer  was  promptly  given,  France. 
Friendship  with  France  has  always  been  deemed  important  and 
peculiarly  agreeable  by  the  American  people.  Every  American 
citizen  deems  it  no  less  important  than  desirable  for  the  future  than 
for  the  past.    • 


428  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  President  will  be  pleased  to  be  informed  of  the  reception 
■which  the  Emperor  gives  to  the  suggestions  which  I  have  now 
made. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

December  16,  1865.  — There  is  a  soreness  in  several  of  the  lately- 
disloyal  states  in  the  relations  which  exist  between  the  whites  and 
the  blacks ;  a  necessary  consequence,  perhaps,  of  past  events.  For 
this  reason  the  municipal  authorities  there  need  the  support  of  a 
small  military  national  force.  The  presence,  however,  of  that  very- 
inconsiderable  force  is  equally  acceptable  to  the  whites  and  to  the 
blacks  ;  it  meets  nowhere  an  enemy  of  the  United  States. 

In  no  case  in  the  world's  history  has  treason  been  so  effectually 
suppressed  and  extirpated.  Neither  Great  Britain  nor  France,  nor 
both  combined,  if  disposed  to  engage  in  war  with  the  United  States, 
as  we  trust  indeed  they  are  not,  would  now  find  an  ally  here.  If 
emissaries  of  the  late  rebellion,  who  are  yet  lingering  in  Europe, 
succeed  in  practising  upon  the  credulity  of  politicians  there,  it  is  a 
pitiable  fruit  of  the  original  error  of  European  sympathies  with  our 
domestic  enemies. 

Mr.  Seward  to  the  Marquis  de  Montholon. 

February  12,  1866.  —  On  the  6th  of  December  I  had  the  honor 
to  submit  to  you  in  writing,  for  the  information  of  the  Emperor,  a 
communication  upon  the  subject  of  affairs  in  Mexico,  as  affected  by 
the  presence  of  French  armed  forces  in  that  country.  On  the  29th 
of  January  thereafter  you  favored  me  with  a  reply  to  that  commu- 
nication, which  reply  had  been  transmitted  to  you  by  Mr.  Drouyn  de 
1'IIuys,  under  the  date  of  the  9th  of  the  same  month.  I  have  sub- 
mitted it  to  the  President  of  the  United  States.  It  is  now  made  my 
duty  to  revert  to  the  interesting  question  which  has  thus  been 
brought  under  discussion. 

In  the  first  place  I  take  notice  of  the  points  which  are  made  by 
Mr.  Drouyn  de  THuys. 

He  declares  that  the  French  expedition  into  Mexico  had  in  it 
nothing  hostile  to  the  institutions  of  the  New  World,  and  still  less 
of  anything  hostile  to  the  United  States.  As  proofs  of  this  friendly 
statement,  he  refers  to  the  aid  in  blood  and  treasure  which  France 
contributed  in  our  revolutionary  war  to  the  cause  of  our  national 


FRENCH   EXPLANATIONS.  429 

independence ;  to  the  preliminary  proposition  that  France  made  to 
us  that  we  should  join  her  in  her  expedition  to  Mexico  ;  and,  finally, 
to  the  neutrality  which  France  has  practised  in  the  painful  civil 
war  through  which  we  have  just  successfully  passed.  It  gives  me 
pleasure  to  acknowledge  that  the  assurances  thus  given  on  the 
present  occasion  that  the  French  expedition,  in  its  original  design, 
had  no  political  objects  or  motives,  harmonize  entirely  with  expres- 
sions which  iibound  in  the  earlier  correspondence  of  the  Minister 
of  Foreign  Affairs,  which  arose  out  of  the  war  between  France  and 
Mexico. 

We  accept  with  especial  pleasure  the  reminiscences  of  our  tradi- 
tional friendship. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  next  assures  us  that  the  French  govern- 
ment is  disposed  to  hasten,  as  much  as  possible,  the  recall  of  its 
troops  from  Mexico.  We  hail  the  announcement  as  being  a  virtual 
promise  of  relief  to  this  government  from  the  apprehensions  and 
anxieties  which  were  the  burden  of  that  communication  of  mine, 
which  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  has  had  under  consideration. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  proceeds  to  declare  that  the  only  aim  of 
France,  in  pursuing  her  enterprise  in  Mexico,  has  been  to  follow  up 
the  satisfaction  to  which  she  had  a  right  after  having  resorted  to 
coercive  measures,  when  measures  of  every  other  form  had  been 
exhausted.  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  says  that  it  is  known  how  many 
and  legitimate  were  the  claims  of  French  subjects  which  caused  the 
resort  to  arms.  He  then  reminds  us  how,  on  a  former  occasion,  the 
United  States  had  waged  war  on  Mexico.  On  this  point  it  seems 
equally  necessary  and  proper  to  say,  that  the  war  thus  referred  to 
was  not  made  nor  sought  by  the  United  States,  but  was  accepted  by 
them  under  provocations  of  a  very  grave  character.  The  transac- 
tion is  past,  and  the  necessity  and  justice  of  the  proceedings  of  the 
United  States  are  questions  which  now  rest  only  within  the  prov- 
ince of  history.  France,  I  think,  will  acknowledge,  that  neither  in 
the  beginning  of  our  Mexican  war  nor  in  its  prosecution,  nor  in  the 
terms  on  which  we  retired  from  that  successful  contest,  did  the 
United  States  assume  any  position  inconsistent  with  the  principles 
which  are  now  maintained  by  us  in  regard  to  the  French  expedition 
in  Mexico. 

We  are,  as  we  have  been,  in  the  relations  of  amity  and  friendship 
equally  with  France  and  with  Mexico,  and  therefore  we  cannot, 


430  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

consistently  with  those  relations,  constitute  ourselves  a  judge  of  the 
original  merits  of  the  war  which  is  waged  between  them.  We  can 
speak  concerning  that  war  only  so  far  as  we  are  affected  by  its  bear- 
ing upon  ourselves  and  upon  republican  and  American  institutions 
on  this  continent. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  declares  that  the  French  army,  in  entering 
Mexico,  did  not  carry  monarchical  traditions  in  the  folds  of  its  flag. 
In  this  connection  he  refers  to  the  fact  that  there  were  at  the  time 
of  the  expedition  a  number  of  influential  men  in  Mexico  who  de- 
spaired of  obtaining  order  out  of  the  conditions  of  the  republican 
rule  then  existing  there,  and  who,  therefore,  cherished  the  idea  of 
falling  back  upon  monarchy.  In  this  connection,  we  are  further 
reminded  that  one  of  the  later  presidents  of  Mexico  offered  to  use 
his  power  for  the  reestablishment  of  royalty.  We  are  further 
informed  that  at  the  time  of  the  French  invasion  the  persons  before 
referred  to  deemed  the  moment  to  have  arrived  for  making  an  ap- 
peal to  the  people  of  Mexico  in  favor  of  monarchy.  Mr.  Drouyn  de 
l'Huys  remarks  that  the  French  government  did  not  deem  it  a  duty 
to  discourage  that  supreme  effort  of  a  powerful  party,  which  had  its 
origin  long  anterior  to  the  French  expedition. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'lluys  observes  that  the  Emperor,  faithful  to 
maxims  of  public  right,  which  he  holds  in  common  with  the  United 
States,  declared  on  that  occasion  that  the  question  of  change  of 
institutions  rested  solely  on  the  suffrages  of  the  Mexican  people. 
In  support  of  this  statement,  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  gives  us  a  copy 
of  a  letter  which  the  Emperor  addressed  to  the  commander-in-chief 
of  the  French  expedition,  on  the  capture  of  Puebla,  which  letter 
contained  the  following  words:  "  Our  object,  you  know,  is  not  to 
impose  on  the  Mexicans  a  government  against  their  will,  nor  to  make 
our  success  aid  the  triumph  of  any  party  whatsoever.  I  desire  that 
Mexico  may  rise  to  a  new  life,  and  that  soon,  regenerated  by  a  gov- 
ernment founded  on  the  national  will,  on  principles  of  order  and  of 
progress,  and  of  respect  for  the  law  of  nations,  she  may  acknowl- 
edge by  her  friendly  relations  that  she  owes  to  France  her  repose 
and  her  prosperity." 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  pursues  his  argument  by  saying  that  the 
Mexican  people  have  spoken  ;  that  the  Emperor  Maximilian  has 
been  called  by  the  voice  of  the  country ;  that  this  government  has 
appeared  to  the  Emperor  of  the  French  to  be  of  a  nature  adequate  to 


MONARCHY   IN   MEXICO.  431 

restore  peace  to  the  nation,  and,  on  its  part,  peace  to  international 
relations,  and  that  he  has  therefore  given  it  his  support.  Mr. 
Drouyn  de  l'Huys  thereupon  presents  the  following  as  a  true  state- 
ment of  the  present  case :  France  went  to  Mexico  to  exercise  the 
right  of  war,  which  is  exercised  by  the  United  States,  and  not  in 
virtue  of  any  purpose  of  intervention,  concerning  which  she  recog- 
nizes the  same  doctrine  with  the  United  States.  France  went  there 
not  to  bring  about  a  monarchical  proselytism,  but  to  obtain  repara- 
tions and  guarantees  which  she  ought  to  claim;  and,  being  there, 
she  now  sustains  the  government  which  is  founded  on  the  consent 
of  the  people,  because  she  expects  from  that  government  the  just 
satisfaction  of  her  wrongs,  as  well  as  the  securities  indispensable  to 
the  future.  As  she  does  not  seek  the  satisfaction  of  an  exclusive 
interest,  nor  the  realization  of  any  ambitious  schemes,  so  she  now 
wishes  to  recall  what  remains  in  Mexico  of  the  army  corps  which 
France  has  sent  there  at  the  moment  when  she  will  be  able  to 
do  so  with  safety  to  French  citizens  and  with  due  respect  for 
herself. 

I  am  aware  how  delicate  the  discussion  is  to  which  Mr.  Drouyn 
de  l'Huys  thus  invites  me.  France  is  entitled,  by  every  considera- 
tion of  respect  and  friendship,  to  interpret  for  herself  the  objects  of 
the  expedition,  and  of  the  whole  of  her  proceedings  in  Mexico. 
Her  explanation  of  those  motives  and  objects  is,  therefore,  accepted 
on  our  part  with  the  consideration  and  confidence  which  we  expect 
for  explanations  of  our  own  when  assigned  to  France  or  any  other 
friendly  power.  Nevertheless,  it  is  my  duty  to  insist  that,  what- 
ever were  the  intentions,  purposes,  and  objects  of  France,  the  pro- 
ceedings which  were  adopted  by  a  class  of  Mexicans  for  subverting 
the  republican  government  there,  and  for  availing  themselves  of 
French  intervention  to  establish  on  its  ruins  an  imperial  monarchy, 
are  regarded  by  the  United  States  as  having  been  taken  without  the 
authority,  and  prosecuted  against  the  will  and  opinions,  of  the  Mex- 
ican people.  For  these  reasons  it  seems  to  this  government,  that  in 
supporting  institutions  thus  established  in  derogation  of  the  inalien- 
able rights  of  the  people  of  Mexico,  the  original  purposes  and 
objects  of  the  French  expedition,  though  they  have  not  been,  as  a 
military  demand  of  satisfaction,  abandoned,  nor  lost  out  of  view  by 
the  Emperor  of  the  French,  were,  nevertheless,  left  to  fall  into  a 
condition  in  which  they  seem  to  have  become  subordinate  to  a  polit- 


432  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ical  revolution,  which  certainly  would  not  have  occurred  if  France 
had  not  forcibly  intervened,  and  which,  judging  from  the  genius  and 
character  of  the  Mexican  people,  would  not  now  be  maintained  by 
them  if  that  armed  intervention  should  cease.  The  United  States 
have  not  seen  any  satisfactory  evidence  that  the  people  of  Mexico 
have  spoken,  and  have  called  into  being  or  accepted  the  so-called 
empire  which  it  is  insisted  has  been  set  up  in  their  capital.  The 
United  States,  as  I  have  remarked  on  other  occasions,  are  of  opinion 
that  such  an  acceptance  could  not  have  been  freely  procured  or  law- 
fully taken  at  any  time  in  the  presence  of  the  French  army  of  inva- 
sion. The  withdrawal  of  the  French  forces  is  deemed  necessary 
to  allow  such  a  proceeding  to  be  taken  by  Mexico.  Of  course  the 
Emperor  of  France  is  entitled  to  determine  the  aspect  in  which  the 
Mexican  situation  ought  to  be  regarded  by  him.  Nevertheless, 
the  view  which  I  have  thus  presented  is  the  one  which  this  nation 
has  accepted.  It  therefore  recognizes,  and  continues  to  recognize, 
in  Mexico  only  the  ancient  republic,  and  it  can  in  no  case  consent 
to  involve  itself,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  in  relation  with  or 
recognition  of  the  institution. of  the  Prince  Maximilian  in  Mexico. 

This  position  is  held,  I  believe,  without  one  dissenting  voice  by 
our  countrymen.  I  do  not  presume  to  say  that  this  opinion  of  the 
American  people  is  accepted  or  will  be  adopted  generally  by  other 
foreign  powers,  or  by  the  public  opinion  of  mankind.  The  Emperor 
is  quite  competent  to  form  a  judgment  upon  this  important  point  for 
himself.  I  cannot,  however,  properly  exclude  the  observation  that, 
•while  this  question  affects  by  its  bearings,  incidentally,  every  repub- 
lican state  in  the  American  hemisphere,  every  one  of  those  states 
has  adopted  the  judgment  which,  on  the  behalf  of  the  United 
States,  is  herein  expressed.  Under  these  circumstances  it  has  hap- 
pened, either  rightfully  or  wrongful!}',  that  the  presence  of  Euro- 
pean armies  in  Mexico,  maintaining  a  European  prince  with  impe- 
rial attributes,  without  her  consent  and  against  her  will,  is  deemed 
a  source  of  apprehension  and  danger,  not  alone  to  the  United  States, 
but  also  to  all  the  independent  and  sovereign  republican  states 
founded  on  the  American  continent  and  its  adjacent  islands. 
France  is  acquainted  with  the  relations  of  the  United  States  towards 
the  other  American  states  to  which  I  have  referred,  and  is  aware  of 
the  sense  that  the  American  people  entertain  in  regard  to  the  obli- 
gations and  duties  due  from  them  to  those  other  states.     We  are 


APPEAL  TO  THE   HONOR   OF  FRANCE.  433 

thus  brought  back  to  the  single  question  which  formed  the  sub- 
ject of  my  communication  of  the  6th  of  December  last,  namely,  the 
desirableness  of  an  adjustment  of  a  question  the  continuance  of 
which  must  be  necessarily  prejudicial  to  the  harmony  and  friend- 
ship which  have  hitherto  always  existed  between  the  United  States 
and  France. 

This  government  does  not  undertake  to  say  how  the  claims  of  in- 
demnity and  satisfaction,  for  which  the  war  which  France  is  wag- 
ing in  Mexico  was  originally  instituted,  shall  now  be  adjusted,  in 
discontinuing  what,  in  its  progress,  has  become  a  war  of  political 
intervention  dangerous  to  the  United  States  and  the  republican 
institutions  in  the  American  hemisphere.  Recognizing  France  and 
the  republic  of  Mexico  as  belligerents  engaged  in  war,  we  leave  all 
questions  concerning  those  claims  and  indemnities  to  them.  The 
United  States  rest  content  with  submitting  to  France  the  exigencies 
of  an  embarrassing  situation  in  Mexico,  and  expressing  the  hope 
that  France  may  find  some  manner  which  shall  at  once  be  con- 
sistent with  her  interest  and  honor,  and  with  the  principles  and 
interest  of  the  United  States,  to  relieve  that  situation  without  inju- 
rious delay. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  repeats  on  this  occasion  what  he  has  here- 
tofore written,  namely,  that  it  depends  much  upon  the  Federal  gov- 
ernment to  facilitate  their  desire  of  the  withdrawal  of  the  French 
from  Mexico.  He  argues  that  the  position  which  the  United  States 
lmve  assumed  has  nothing  incompatible  with  the  existence  of  mon- 
archical institutions  in  Mexico.  He  draws  to  his  support  on  this 
point  the  fact  that  the  President  of  the  United  States,  as  well  as  the 
Seci-etary  of  State,  in  official  papers,  disclaim  all  thought  of  propa- 
gandism  on  the  American  continent  in  favor  of  republican  institu- 
tions. Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  draws  in,  also,  the  fact  that  the 
United  States  hold  friendly  relations  with  the  Emperor  of  Brazil, 
as  they  held  similar  relations  with  Iturbide,  the  Mexican  Emperor, 
in  1822.  From  these  positions  Mr.  Drouyn  de  THuys  makes  the 
deduction  that  neither  any  fundamental  maxim,  nor  any  prece- 
dent in  the  diplomatic  history  of  this  country,  creates  any  necessary 
antagonism  between  the  United  States  and  the  form  of  government 
over  which  the  Prince  Maximilian  presides  in  the  ancient  capital  of 
Mexico. 

I  do  not  think  it  would  be  profitable,  and  therefore  I  am  not 


434  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

desirous  to  engage  in  the  discussions  which  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys 
has  thus  raised.  It  will  be  sufficient  for  ray  purpose,  on  the 
present  occasion,  to  assert  and  to  give  reassurance  of  our  desire  to 
facilitate  the  withdrawal  of  the  French  troops  from  Mexico,  and, 
for  that  purpose,  to  do  whatsoever  shall  be  compatible  with  the  posi- 
tions we  have  heretofore  taken  upon  that  subject,  and  with  our  just 
regard  to  the  sovereign  rights  of  the  republic  of  Mexico.  Further 
or  otherwise  than  this  France  could  not  expect  us  to  go.  Having 
thus  reassured  France,  it  seems  necessary  to  state  anew  the  position 
of  this  government,  as  it  was  set  forth  in  my  letter  on  the  Gth  of 
December,  as  follows :  Republican  and  domestic  institutions  ou  this 
continent  are  deemed  most  congenial  with  and  most  beneficial  to 
the  United  States.  Where  the  people  of  any  country,  like  Brazil 
now,  or  Mexico  in  1822,  have  voluntarily  established  and  acquiesced 
in  monarchical  institutions  of  their  own  choice,  free  from  all  foreign 
control  or  intervention,  the  United  States  do  not  refuse  to  maintain 
relations  with  such  governments,  or  seek  through  propagandism, 
by  force  or  intrigue,  to  overthrow  those  institutions.  On  the  con- 
trary, where  a  nation  has  established  institutions  republican  and 
domestic,  similar  to  our  own,  the  United  States  assert  in  their 
behalf  that  no  foreign  nation  can  rightfully  intervene  by  force  to 
subvert  republican  institutions  and  establish  those  of  an  antagonis- 
tical  character. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  seems  to  think  that  I  have  made  a  double 
reproach  against  the  Prince  Maximilian's  alleged  government,  of 
the  difficulty  it  encounters  and  of  the  assistance  it  borrows  from  for- 
eign powers.  In  that  respect  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  contends  that 
the  obstacles  and  the  resistance  which  Maximilian  has  been  obliged 
to  wrestle  with  have  in  themselves  nothing  especial  against  the 
form  of  the  institutions  which  he  is  supposed  by  Mr.  Drouyn  de 
l'Huys  to  have  established.  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  maintains  that 
Maximilian's  government  is  undergoing  the  lot  quite  common  to 
new  powers,  while,  above  all,  it  has  the  misfortune  to  have  to  bear 
the  consequences  of  discords  which  have  been  produced  under  a  pre- 
vious government.  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  represents  this  misfor- 
tune and  this  lot  to  be  in  effect  the  misfortune  and  lot  of  govern- 
ments which  have  not  found  armed  competitors,  and  which  have 
enjoyed  in  peace  an  uncontrolled  authority.  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys 
alleges  that  revolts  and  intestine  wars  are  the  normal  condition  of 


THE  MISFORTUNES   OF   MEXICO.  435 

Mexico,  and  he  further  insists  that  the  opposition  made  by  some 
military  chiefs  to  the  establishment  of  an  empire  under  Maximilian 
is  only  the  natural  sequence  of  the  same  want  of  discipline,  and  the 
same  prevalence  of  anarchy,  of  which  his  predecessors  in  power  in 
Mexico  have  been  victims.  It  is  not  the  purpose,  nor  would  it  be 
consistent  with  the  character  of  the  United  States,  to  deny  that 
Mexico  has  been  for  a  long  time  the  theatre  of  faction  and  intestine 
war.  The  United  States  confess  this  fact  with  regret,  all  the  more 
sincere,  because  the  experience  of  Mexico  has  been  not  only  painful 
for  her  own  people,  but  has  been  also  of  unfortunate  evil  influence 
on  other  nations. 

On  the  other  hand,  it  is  neither  a  right  of  the  United  States,  nor 
consistent  with  their  friendly  disposition  towards  Mexico,  to  reproach 
the  people  of  that  country  with  her  past  calamities,  much  less  to  in- 
voke or  approve  the  infliction  of  punishment  upon  them  by  strangers 
for  their  political  errors.  The  Mexican  population  have,  and  their 
situation  has,  some  peculiarities  which  are  doubtless  well  understood 
by  France.  Early  in  the  present  century  they  were  forced,  by  con- 
victions which  mankind  cannot  but  respect,  to  cast  off  a  foreign 
monarchical  rule  which  they  deemed  incompatible  with  their  wel- 
fare and  aggrandizement.  They  were  forced,  at  the  same  time,  by 
convictions  which  the  world  must  respect,  to  attempt  the  establish- 
ment of  republican  institutions,  without  the  full  experience  and 
practical  education  and  habits  which  would  render  those  institutions 
all  at  once  firm  and  satisfactory.  Mexico  was  a  theatre  of  conflict 
between  European  commercial,  ecclesiastical,  and  political  institu- 
tions and  dogmas,  and  novel  American  institutions  and  ideas.  She 
had  African  slavery,  colonial  restrictions,  and  ecclesiastical  monopo- 
lies. In  the  chief  one  of  these  particulars  she  had  a  misfortune 
whicli  was  shared  by  the  United  States,  while  the  latter  were  hap- 
pily exempted  from  the  other  misfortunes.  We  cannot  forget  that 
Mexico,  sooner  and  more  readily  than  the  United  States,  abolished 
slavery.  We  cannot  deny  that  all  the  anarchy  in  Mexico,  of 
which  Mr.  Drouyn  de  FHuys  complains,  was  necessarily,  and  even 
wisely,  endured  in  the  attempts  to  lay  sure  foundations  of  broad  re- 
publican liberty. 

I  do  not  know  whether  France  can  rightfully  be  expected  to  con- 
cur in  this  view,  which  alleviates,  in  our  mind,  the  errors,  misfor- 
tunes, and  calamities  of  Mexico.     However  this  may  be,  we  fall 


436  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

back  upon  the  principle  that  no  foreign  state  can  rightly  inter- 
vene in  such  trials  as  those  of  Mexico,  and  on  the  ground  of  a  desire 
to  correct  those  errors,  deprive  the  people  there  of  their  natural 
right  of  domestic  and  republican  freedom.  'All  the  injuries  and 
wrongs  which  Mexico  can  have  committed  against  any  other 
state  have  found  a  severe  punishment  in  consequences  which  legiti- 
mately followed  their  commission.  Nations  are  not  authorized  to 
correct  each  other's  errors  except  so  far  as  is  necessary  to  prevent 
or  redress  injuries  affecting  themselves.  If  one  state  has  a  right  to 
intervene  in  any  other  state,  to  establish  discipline,  constituting 
itself  a  judge  of  the  occasion,  then  every  state  has  the  same  right  to 
intervene  in  the  affairs  of  every  other  nation,  being  itself  alone  the 
arbiter,  both  in  regard  to  the  time  and  the  occasion.  The  principle 
of  intervention,  thus  practically  carried  out,  would  seem  to  render 
all  sovereignty  and  independence,  and  even  all  international  peace 
and  amity,  uncertain  and  fallacious. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  proceeds  to  remark,  that  as  for  the  support 
which  Maximilian  receives  from  the  French  army,  as  well  also  as 
for  the  support  which  has  been  lent  to  him  by  Belgian  and  Austrian 
volunteers,  those  supports  cause  no  hindrance  to  the  freedom  of  his 
resolutions  in  the  affairs  of,  his  government.  Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys 
asks  what  state  is  there  that  does  not  need  allies,  either  to  form  or 
to  defend.  As  to  the  great  powers,  such  as  France  and  England, 
do  they  not  constantly  maintain  foreign  troops  in  their  armies? 
When  the  United  States  fought  for  their  independence,  did  the  aid 
given  by  France  cause  that  movement  to  cease  to  be  truly  national  ? 
Shall  it  be  said  that  the  contest  between  the  United  States  and  the 
recent  insurgents  was  not  in  a  like  manner  a  national^  war,  because 
thousands  of  Irishmen  and  Germans  were  found  fighting  under  the 
flag  of  the  Union  ?  Arguing  from  anticipated  answers  to  these 
questions,  Mr.  Drouyn  de  1'ITuys  reaches  a  conclusion  that  the  char- 
acter of  Maximilian's  government  cannot  be  contested,  nor  can  its 
efforts  to  consolidate  itself  be  contested,  on  the  ground  of  the  em- 
ployment of  foreign  troops. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  in  this  argument,  seems  to  us  to  have 
overlooked  two  important  facts,  namely  :  First,  that  the  United 
States,  in  this  correspondence,  have  assigned  definite  limits  to  the 
right  of  alliance  incompatible  with  our  assent  to  his  argument ;  and 
secondly,  the  fact  that  the  United  States  have  not  at  any  time 


THE   FRENCH   ARGUMENT.  437 

accepted  the  supposed  government  of  the  Prince  Maximilian  as  a 
constitutional  or  legitimate  form  of  government  in  Mexico,  capable 
or  entitled  to  form  alliances. 

Mr.  Drouvn  de  l'Huys  then  arranges,  in  a  graphic  manner,  the 
a  J  vantages  that  have  arisen,  or  are  to  arise,  to  the  United  States, 
from  the  successful  establishment  of  the  supposed  empire  in  Mexico. 
Instead  of  a  country  unceasingly  in  trouble,  and  which  has  given  us 
so  many  subjects  of  complaint,  and  against  which  we  ourselves  have 
been  obliged  to  make  war,  he  shows  us  in  Mexico  a  pacific  country, 
under  a  beneficent  imperial  sway,  offering  henceforth  measures  of 
security  and  vast  openings  to  our  commerce,  a  country  far  from 
injuring  our  rights  and  hurting  our  influences.  And  he  assures 
us  that,  above  all  other  nations,  the  United  States  are  most  likely 
to  profit  by  the  work  which  is  being  accomplished  by  Prince  Maxi- 
milian in  Mexico.  These  suggestions  are  as  natural  on  the  part 
of  France  as  they  are  friendly  to  the  United  States.  The  United 
States  are  not  insensible  to  the  desirableness  of  political  and  com- 
mercial reform  in  the  adjoining  country ;  but  their  settled  princi- 
ples, habits,  and  convictions  forbid  them  to  look  for  such  changes  in 
this  hemisphere  to.  foreign,  royal,  or  imperial  institutions,  founded 
upon  a  forcible  subversion  of  republican  institutions.  The  United 
States,  in  their  customary  sobriety,  regard  no  beneficial  results 
which  could  come  from  such  a  change  in  Mexico  as  sufficient  to 
overbalance  the  injury  which  they  must  directly  suffer  by  the  over- 
throw of  the  republican  government  in  Mexico. 

Mr.  Drouyn  de  l'Huys  at  the  end  of  his  very  elaborate  and  able 
review,  recapitulates  his  exposition  in  the  following  words :  — 

"  The  United  States  acknowledge  the  right  we  had  to  make  war  in  Mexico. 
On  the  other  part,  we  admit,  as  they  do,  the  principle  of  non-intervention.  This 
double  postulate  includes,  as  it  seems  to  me,  the  elements  of  an  agreement.  The 
right  to  make  war,  which  belongs,  as  Mr.  Seward  declares,  to  every  sovereign 
nation,  implies  the  right  to  secure  the  results  of  war.  We  have  not  gone  across 
the  ocean  merely  for  the  purpose  of  showing  our  power,  and  of  inflicting  chastise- 
ment on  the  Mexican  government.  After  a  train  of  fruitless  remonstrances,  it 
was  our  duty  to  demand  guarantees  against  the  recurrence  of  violence  from  which 
our  country  had  suffered  so  cruelly,  and  those  guarantees  we  could  not  look  for 
from  a  government  whose  bad  faith  we  had  proved  on  so  many  occasions.  We 
find  them  now  engaged  in  the  establishment  of  a  regular  government,  which 
shows  itself  disposed  to  honestly  keep  its  engagements.  In  this  relation  Ave  hope 
that  the  legitimate  object  of  our  expedition  will  soon  be  reached,  and  we  are  striv- 


438  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

ing  to  make  with  the  Emperor  Maximilian  arrangements  which,  by  satisfying  our 
interests  and  our  honor,  will  permit  us  to  consider  at  an  end  the  service  of 
the  army  upon  Mexican  soil.  The  Emperor  has  given  an  order  to  write  in 
this  same  sense  to  our  minister  at  Mexico.  We  fall  back  at  that  moment  on 
the  principle  of  non-intervention,  and  from  that  moment  accept  it  as  the  ride  of 
our  conduct.  Our  interest,  no  less  than  our  honor,  commands  us  to  claim  from 
all  the  uniform  application  of  it.  Trusting  the  spirit  of  equity  which  animates 
the  cabinet  of  Washington,  we  expect  from  it  the  assurance  that  the  American 
people  will  themselves  conform  to  the  law  which  they  invoke,  by  observing,  in  re- 
gard to  Mexico,  a  strict  neutrality.  When  you  (  meaning  the  Marquis  de  Mon- 
tholon  )  shall  have  informed  me  of  the  resolution  of  the  Federal  government,  I 
shall  be  able  to  indicate  to  you  the  nature  of  the  results  of  our  negotiation  with 
the  Emperor  Maximilian  for  the  return  of  our  troops." 

I  have  already,  and  not  without  much  reluctance,  made  the  com- 
ments upon  the  arguments  of  Mr.  Drouyn  de  FHuys  which  seem  to 
be  necessary  to  guard  against  the  inference  of  concurrence  in  ques- 
tionable positions  which  might  be  drawn  from  our  entire  silence.  I 
think  that  I  can,  therefore,  afford  to  leave  his  recapitulation  of 
those  arguments  without  such  an  especial  review  as  would  neces- 
sarily be  prolix,  and  perhaps  hypercritical.  The  United  States 
have  not  claimed,  and  they  do  not  claim,  to  know  what  arrange- 
ments the  Emperor  may  make  for  the  adjustment  of  claims  for 
indemnity  and  redress  in  Mexico.  It  would  be,  on  our  part,  an  act 
of  intervention  to  take  cognizance  of  them.  We  adhere  to  our  posi- 
tion that  the  war  in  question  has  become  a  political  war  between 
France  and  the  republic  of  Mexico,  injurious  and  dangerous  to  the 
United  States  and  to  the  republican  cause,  and  we  ask  only  that  in 
that  aspect  and  character  it  may  be  brought  to  an  end.  It  would 
be  illiberal  on  the  part  of  the  United  States  to  suppose  that,  in 
desiring  or  pursuing  preliminary  arrangements,  the  Emperor  con- 
templates the  establishment  in  Mexico,  before  withdrawing  his 
forces,  of  the  very  institutions  which  constitute  the  material  ground 
of  the  exceptions  taken  against  his  intervention  by  the  United 
States.  It  would  be  still  more  illiberal  to  suppose  for  a  moment 
that  he  expects  the  United  States  to  bind  themselves  indirectly  to 
acquiesce  in  or  support  the  obnoxious  institutions. 

On  the  contrary,  we  understand  him  as  announcing  to  us  his  im- 
mediate purpose  to  bring  to  an  end  the  service  of  his  armies  in 
Mexico,  to  withdraw  them,  and  in  good  faith  to  fall  back,  without 
stipulation  or  condition  on  our  part,  upon  the  principle  of  non-inter- 


THE   AMERICAN   STANDPOINT.  439 

vention  upon  which  he  is  henceforth  agreed  with  the  United  States. 
We  cannot  understand  his  appeal  to  us  for  an  assurance  that  we 
ourselves  will  abide  by  our  own  principles  of  non-intervention  in 
any  other  sense  than  as  the  expression,  in  a  friendly  way,  of  his 
expectation  that  when  the  people  of  Mexico  shall  have  been  left 
absolutely  free  from  the  operation,  effects,  and  consequences  of  his 
own  political  and  military  intervention,  we  will  ourselves  respect 
their  self-established  sovereignty  and  independence.  In  this  view 
of  the  subject  only  can  we  consider  his  appeal  pertinent  to  the, 
case.  Regarding  it  in  only  this  aspect,  we  must  meet  the  Emperor 
frankly.  He  knows  the  form  and  character  of  this  government. 
The  nation  can  be  bound  only  by  treaties  which  have  the  concur- 
rence of  the  President  and  two  thirds  of  the  Senate.  A  formal 
treaty  would  be  objectionable  as  unnecessary,  except  as  a  disavowal 
of  bad  faith  on  our  part,  to  disarm  suspicion  in  regard  to  a  matter 
concerning  which  we  have  given  no  cause  for  questioning  our 
loyalty,  or  else  such  a  treaty  would  be  refused  upon  the  ground  that 
the  application  for  it  by  the  Emperor  of  France  was  unhappily  a 
suggestion  of  some  sinister  or  unfriendly  reservation  or  purpose  on 
his  part  in  withdrawing  from  Mexico.  Diplomatic  assurances  given 
by  the  President  in  behalf  of  the  nation  can  at  best  be  but  the 
expressions  of  confident  expectation  on  his  part  that  the  personal 
administration,  ever  changing  in  conformity  and  adaptation  to  the 
national  will,  does  not  misunderstand  the  settled  principles  and  pol- 
icy of  the  American  people.  Explanations  cannot  properly  be  made 
by  the  President  in  any  case  wherein  it  would  be  deemed,  for 
any  reason,  objectionable  on  grounds  of  public  policy  by  the  treaty- 
making  power  of  the  government  to  introduce  or  entertain  nego- 
tiations. 

With  these  explanations  I  proceed  to  say  that,  in  the  opinion  of 
the  President,  France  need  not  for  a  moment  delay  her  promised 
withdrawal  of  military  forces  from  Mexico,  and  her  putting  the 
principle  of  non-intervention  into  full  and  complete  practice  in 
regard  to  Mexico,  through  any  apprehension  that  the  United  States 
will  prove  unfaithful  to  the  principles  and  policy  in  that  respect 
which,  on  their  behalf,  it  has  been  my  duty  to  maintain  in  this  now 
very  lengthened  correspondence.  The  practice  of  this  government, 
from  its  beginning,  is  a  guarantee  to  all  nations  of  the  respect  of  the 
American  people  for  the  free  sovereignty  of  the  people  in  every 


440  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

other  state.  We  received  the  instruction  from  Washington.  We 
applied  it  sternly  in  our  early  intercourse  even  with  France.  The 
same  principle  and  practice  have  been  uniformly  inculcated  by  all 
our  statesmen,  interpreted  by  all  our  jurists,  maintained  by  all  our 
Congresses,  and  acquiesced  in  without  practical  dissent  on  all  occa- 
sions by  the  American  people.  It  is  in  reality  the  chief  element 
of  foreign  intercourse  in  our  history.  Looking  simply  toward  the 
point  to  which  our  attention  has  been  steadily  confined,  the  relief  of 
the  Mexican  embarrassments  without  disturbing  our  relations  with 
Prance,  we  shall  be  gratified  when  the  Emperor  shall  give  to  us, 
either  through  the  channel  of  your  esteemed  correspondence  or 
otherwise,  definitive  information  of  the  time  when  French  military 
operations  may  be  expected  to  cease  in  Mexico. 

Here  I  might,  perhaps,  properly  conclude  this  note.  Some  obscu- 
rity, however,  might  be  supposed  to  rest  upon  the  character  of  the 
principle  of  non-intervention,  which  we  are  authorized  to  suppose  is 
now  agreed  upon  between  the  United  States  and  France  as  a  rule 
for  their  future  government  in  regard  to  Mexico.  I  shall,  therefore, 
reproduce  on  this  occasion,  by  way  of  illustration,  some  of  the  forms 
in  which  that  principle  has  been  maintained  by  us  in  our  previous 
intercourse  with  France.  In  1861,  when  alluding  to  the  possibility 
that  the  Emperor  might  be  invoked  by  rebel  emissaries  from 
the  United  States  to  intervene  in  our  civil  war,  I  observed:  "  The 
Emperor  of  France  has  given  abundant  proofs  that  he  considers 
the  people  in  every  country  the  rightful  source  of  authority,  and 
that  its  only  legitimate  objects  are  their  safety,  freedom,  and 
welfare." 

I  wrote,  also,  on  the  same  occasion,  these  words  to  Mr.  Dayton : 
"  I  have  thus,  under  the  President's  direction,  placed  before  you  a 
simple,  unexaggerated,  and  dispassionate  statement  of  the  origin, 
nature,  and  purposes  of  the  contest  in  which  the  United  States  are 
now  involved.  I  have  done  so  only  for  the  purpose  of  deducing 
from  it  the  arguments  you  will  find  it  necessary  to  employ  in 
opposing  the  application  of  the  so-called  Confederate  States  to  the 
government  of  his  Majesty  the  Emperor  for  a  recognition  of  their 
independence  and  sovereignty.  The  President  neither  expects  nor 
desires  any  intervention,  or  even  any  favor,  from  the  government  of 
France,  or  any  other,  in  this  emergency.  Whatever  else  he  may 
consent  to  do,  he  will  never  invoke  nor  even  admit  foreign  inter- 


THE   AMERICAN   STANDPOINT.  441 

ference  or  influence  in  this  or  any  other  controversy  in  which  the 
government  of  the  United  States  may  be  engaged  with  any  portion 
of  the  American  people. 

"  Foreign  intervention  would  oblige  us  to  treat  those  who  should 
yield  it  as  allies  of  the  insurrectionary  party,  and  to  carry  on  the  war 
against  them  as  enemies. 

"However  other  European  powers  may  mistake,  his  Majesty  is  the 
last  one  of  those  sovereigns  to  misapprehend  the  nature  of  this  con- 
troversy. He  knows  that  the  revolution  of  1776,  in  this  country, 
was  a  successful  contest  of  the  great  American  idea  of  free,  popular 
government  against  resisting  prejudices  and  errors.  He  knows  that 
the  conflict  awakened  the  sympathies  of  mankind,  and  that  ulti- 
mately the  triumph  of  that  idea  has  been  hailed  by  all  European 
nations.  He  knows  at  what  cost  European  nations  for  a  time 
resisted  the  progress  of  that  idea,  and,  perhaps,  is  not  unwilling  to 
confess  how  much  France,  especially,  has  profited  by  it.  He  will 
not  fail  to  recognize  the  presence  of  that  one  great  idea  in  the  pres- 
ent conflict,  nor  will  he  mistake  the  side  on  which  it  will  be 
found.  It  is,  in  short,  the  very  principle  of  universal  suffrage,  with 
its  claim  of  obedience  to  its  decrees,  on  which  the  government  of 
France  is  built,  that  is  put  in  issue  by  the  insurrection  here,  and  is 
in  this  emergency  to  be  vindicated  and  more  effectually  than  ever 
established  by  the  government  of  the  United  States." 

In  writing  upon  the  same  subject  to  Mr.  Dayton,  on  the  30th  of 
May,  1861,  I  said :  "  Nothing  is  wanting  to  that  success  except  that 
foreign  nations  shall  leave  us,  as  is  our  right,  to  mannge  our  own 
affairs  in  our  own  way.  They,  as  well  as  we,  can  only  suffer  by 
their  intervention.  No  one,  we  are  sure,  can  judge  better  than  the 
Emperor  of  France  how  dangerous  and  deplorable  would  be  the 
emergency  that  should  intrude  Europeans  into  the  political  contests 
of  the  American  people." 

In  declining  the  offer  of  French  mediation,  on  the  8th  of  June, 
1861,  I  wrote  to  Mr.  Dayton:  "The  present  paramount  duty  of 
the  government  is  to  save  the  integrity  of  the  American  Union. 
Absolute,  self-sustaining  independence  is  the  first  and  most  indis- 
pensable element  of  national  existence.  This  is  a  republican  na- 
tion ;  all  its  domestic  affairs  must  be  conducted  and  even  adjusted 
in  constitutional  forms,  and  upon  constitutional,  republican  princi- 
ples.    This  is  an  American  nation,  and  its  internal  affairs  must  not 


442  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

only  be  conducted  with  reference  to  its  peculiar  continental  position, 
but  by  and  through  American  agencies  alone." 

On  the. 2d  of  August,  1862,  Mr.  Adams  was  instructed  by  this  gov- 
ernment in  the  following  words: 1  "Did  the  European  states  which 
found  and  occupied  this  continent  almost  without  effort  then  under- 
stand its  real  destiny  and  purposes?  Have  they  ever  yet  fully 
understood  and  accepted  them?  Has  anything  but  disappointment 
upon  disappointment  and  disaster  upon  disaster  resulted  from  their 
misapprehensions  ?  After  near  four  hundred  years  of  such  disap- 
pointments and  disasters,  is  the  way  of  Providence  in  regard  to 
America  still  so  mysterious  that  it  cannot  be  understood  and  con- 
fessed? Columbus,  it  was  said,  had  given  a  new  world  to  the  king- 
doms of  Castile  and  Leon.  What  has  become  of  the  sovereignty  of 
Spain  in  America  ?  Richelieu  occupied  and  fortified  a  large  portion 
of  the  continent,  extending  from  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  to  the  Straits 
of  Belleisle.  Does  France  yet  retain  that  important  appendage  to 
the  crown  of  her  sovereign  ?  Great  Britain  acquired  a  dominion 
here  surpassing  by  a  hundred-fold  in  length  and  breadth  the  native 
realm.  Has  not  a  large  portion  of  it  been  already  formally  re- 
signed? To  whom  have  those  vast  dominions,  with  those  founded 
by  the  Portuguese,  the  Dutch,  and  the  Swedes,  been  resigned  but  to 
American  nations,  the  growth  of  European  colonists  and  exiles,  who 
have  come  hither  bringing  with  them  the  arts,  the  civilization,  and 
the  virtues  of  Europe  ?  Has  not  the  change  been  beneficial  to 
society  on  this  continent?  Has  it  not  been  more  beneficial  even  to 
Europe  itself  than  continued  European  domination,  if  it  had  been 
possible,,  could  have  been  ?  The  American  nations  which  have 
grown  up  here  are  free  and  self-governing.  They  have  made  them- 
selves so  from  inherent  vigor  and  in  obedience  to  absolute  necessity. 
Is  it  possible  for  European  states  to  plunge  them  again  into  a  colo- 
nial state  and  hold  them  there  ?  Would  it  be  desirable  for  them 
and  for  Europe,  if  it  were  possible  ?  The  balance  of  power  among 
the  nations  of  Europe  is  maintained  not  without  numerous  strong 
armies  and  frequent  conflicts,  while  the  sphere  of  political  ambition 
there  is  bounded  by  the  ocean  which  surrounds  that  continent. 
Would  it  be  possible  to  maintain  it  at  all,  if  this  vast  continent, 
with  all  its  populations,  their  resources,  and  their  forces,  should  once 
again  be  brought  within  that  sphere? 

1  See  ante,  p.  341. 


THE   MEXICAN   QUESTION.  443 

"  On  the  contrary  of  all  these  suppositions,  is  it  not  manifest  that 
these  American  nations  were  called  into  existence  to  be  the  home  of 
freemen  ;  that  the  states  of  Europe  have  been  intrusted  by  Provi- 
dence with  their  tutelage,  but  that  tutelage  and  all  its  responsibili- 
ties and  powers  are  necessarily  withdrawn  to  the  relief  and  benefit 
of  the  parties  and  of  mankind,  when  these  parties  become  able  to 
choose  their  own  system  of  government,  and  to  make  and  adminis- 
ter their  own  laws?  If  they  err  in  this  choice,  or  in  the  conduct  of 
their  affairs,  it  will  be  found  wise  to  leave  them,  like  all  other 
states,  the  privilege  and  responsibility  of  detecting  and  correcting 
the  error,  by  which  they  are,  of  course,  the  principal  sufferers." 

On  the  8th  of  May,  1862,  Mr.  Dayton  was  instructed  to  express 
to  Mr.  Thouvenel  "  the  desire  of  the  United  States  that  peaceful 
relations  may  soon  be  restored  between  France  and  Mexico  upon  a 
basis  just  to  both  parties,  and  favorable  to  the  independence  and 
sovereignty  of  the  people  of  Mexico,  which  is  equally  the  interest  of 
France  and  all  other  enlightened  nations." 

On  the  21st  of  June,  1862,  Mr.  Dayton  was  authorized  to  speak 
on  behalf  of  the  United  States  concerning  the  condition  of  Mexico 
in  these  words :  "  France  has  a  right  to  make  war  against  Mexico, 
and  to  determine  for  herself  the  cause.  We  have  a  right  to  insist 
that  France  shall  not  improve  the  war  she  makes  to  raise  up  in 
Mexico  an  anti-republican  or  anti-American  government,  or  to  main- 
tain such  a  government  there." 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

March  23,  1866.  —  At  the  present  moment  discussion  between  the 
United  States  and  Great  Britain  of  the  international  questions 
which  arose  during  the  war  of  the  insurrection  here,  has  little  prac- 
tical effect.  The  changing  condition  of  states  will  bring  those  ques- 
tions again  prominently  into  view  at  no  very  distant  period.  Then 
it  will  be  all-important  that  the  record  of  the  country  shall  be  found 
complete  and  satisfactory. 

Your  correction  of  the  Attorney  General's  late  misstatement  in 
debate  will  then  be  appreciated  at  its  just  value.  I  will  take  care 
that  it  shall,  in  the  mean  time,  be  correctly  published  here. 

The  suggestion  has  been  often  made  among  us  that  it  would  be 
wise  to  adopt  the  British  practice  of  bringing  members  of  the  Cabi- 
net into  Congress.     I  confess  that  when  I  recollect  how  unfortunate 


444  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC    CORRESPONDENCE. 

for  the  real  interests  equally  of  the  United  States  and  of  Great 
Britain,  were  certain  speeches  which  were  made  in  Parliament  dur- 
ing the  war  (  as  it  now  seems,  without  any  necessity  )  by  Earl  Rus- 
sell, by  Mr.  Gladstone,  and  by  the  Attorney  General,  I  think  that 
it  is  doubtful  whether  our  Constitution  could  be  improved  in  that 
respect. 

Neither  has  Great  Britain  a  wound,  or  the  scar  of  a  wound,  which 
during  that  trying  period  was  inflicted  by  any  words  unnecessarily 
spoken  by  the  President  of  the  United  States,  nor  have  the  United 
States  a  wound,  or  the  scar  of  a  wound,  which  was  made  by  any 
words  unnecessarily  spoken  by  the  Queen.  The  result  of  this  re- 
flection seems  to  be,  that  when  governments  speak  to  or  of  each 
other,  it  is  important  that  their  words  should  be  duly  considered, 
and  not  passionately  or  impulsively  uttered. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  KilpatricJc. 

June  2,  1866.  —  The  policy  of  the  United  States  in  regard  to  the 
several  Spanish-American  states,  is,  or  ought  to  be,  well  known 
now,  after  the  exposition  it  has  received  during  the  last  five  years. 
We  avoid  in  all  cases  giving  encouragement  to  expectations,  which, 
in  the  varying  course  of  events,  we  might  find  ourselves  unable  to 
fulfil ;  and  we  desire  to  be  known  as  doing  more  than  we  promise 
rather  than  falling  short  of  our  engagements.  On  the  other  hand, 
we  maintain  and  insist,  with  all  the  decision  and  energy  which  is 
compatible  with  our  existing  neutrality,  that  the  republican  system 
which  is  accepted  by  the  people  in  any  one  of  those  states  shall  not 
be  wantonly  assailed,  and  that  it  shall  not  be  subverted  as  an  end 
of  a  lawful  war  by  European  powers.  We  then  give  to  those  repub- 
lics the  moral  support  of  a  sincere,  liberal,  and,  as  we  think  it  will 
appear,  a  useful  friendship.  We  could  claim  from  foreign  states  no 
concession  to  our  own  political,  moral,  and  material  principles  or  in- 
terests, if  we  should  not  conform  our  own  proceedings,  in  the  need- 
ful intercourse  with  foreign  states,  to  the  just  rules  of  the  law  of 
nations.  We  therefore  concede  to  every  nation  the  right  to  make 
peace  or  war,  for  such  causes  other  than  political  or  ambitious  as  it 
thinks  right  and  wise.  In  such  wars  as  are  waged  between  nations 
which  are  in  friendship  with  ourselves,  if  they  are  not  pushed,  like 
the  French  war  in  Mexico,  to  the  political  point  before  mentioned, 
we  do  not  intervene,  but  remain  neutral,  conceding  nothing  to  one 


SPANISH-AMERICAN   REPUBLICS.  445 

belligerent  that  we  do  not  concede  to  the  other,  and  allowing  to  one 
belligerent  what  we  allow  to  the  other. 

Every  complaint  made  by  Chilian  agents  of  an  attempt  on  the 
part  of  Spain  to  violate  the  neutrality  of  the  United  States,  has 
been  carefully  and  kindly  investigated,  and  we  have  done  the  same, 
no  more  and  no  less,  in  regard  to  the  complaint  instituted  against 
the  neutrality  of  the  agents  of  Chili. 

We  certainly  thought  that  it  was  an  act  of  friendship  on  our  part 
that  we  obtained  assurances  from  Spain,  at  the  beginning,  and  at 
other  stages  of  the  present  war,  that,  in  any  event,  her  hostilities 
against  Chili  should  not  be  prosecuted  beyond  the  limits  which  I 
have  before  described.  We  understand  ourselves  now  and  hence- 
forth ready  to  hold  Spain  to  this  agreement,  if,  contrary  to  our  pres- 
ent expectations,  it  should  be  found  necessary.  In  this  we  think  we 
are  acting  a  part  certainly  not  unfriendly  to  Chili.  It  was  thought 
to  be  an  act  of  friendship  when  we  used  our  good  offices  with  both 
parties  to  prevent  the  war.  We  have  thought  we  were  acting  a 
friendly  part  using  the  same  good  offices  to  secure  an  agreement 
for  peace  without  dishonor,  or  even  damage,  to  Chili.  Those  who 
think  that  the  United  States  could  enter  as  an  ally  into  every  war 
in  which  a  friendly  republican  state  on  this  continent  becomes  in- 
volved, forget  that  peace  is  the  constant  interest  and  the  unwavering 
policy  of  the  United  States.  They  forget  the  frequency  and  variety 
of  wars  in  which  our  friends  in  this  hemisphere  engage  themselves 
entirely  independent  of  all  control  or  counsel  of  the  United  States. 
We  have  no  armies  for  the  purpose  of  aggressive  war  ;  no  ambition 
for  the  character  of  a  regulator.  Our  Constitution  is  not  an  impe- 
rial one,  and  does  not  allow  the  executive  government  to  engage  in 
war  except  upon  the  well  considered  and  deliberate  decree  of  the 
Congress  of  the  United  States.  A  Federal  government  consisting 
of  thirty-six  equal  states,  which  are  in  many  respects  self-governing, 
cannot  easily  be  committed  by  its  representatives  to  foreign  wars, 
either  of  sympathy  or  of  ambition.  If  there  is  any  one  characteris- 
tic of  the  United  States  which  is  more  marked  than  any  other,  it  is 
that  they  have  from  the  time  of  Washington  adhered  to  the 
principle  of  non-intervention,  and  have  perseveringly  declined  to 
seek  or  contract  entangling  alliances,  even  with  the  most  friendly 
states. 


446  SELECTIONS   FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 


Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Wright. 

May  29,  1866.  —  The  progress  of  events  is  probably  outrunning 
that  of  speculation  upon  the  question  of  war  in  Europe. 

Your  proceedings  in  expressing  your  congratulations  to  Count 
Bismarck  upon  his  escape  from  the  assassin  are  heartily  approved  by 
the  President.  Magistrates  and  ministers  are  essential  in  every  gov- 
ernment. Such  assassination  is  a  crime,  because  whatever  may  be 
its  excuses  or  pretexts,  it  is  purely  an  individual  act,  not  a  social 
effort  for  redress  of  errors  or  wrongs  in  administration.  It  is  a 
private  crime  against  all  political  society  of  whatever  form  or 
nature. 

You  are  instructed  to  express  these  opinions,  in  the  name  of  the 
United  States,  to  the  government  of  Prussia. 

September  24,  1866.  —  I  thank  you  for  the  interesting  extract  of 
Count  Bismarck's  speech,  concerning  the  settlement  of  the  German 
question,  which  you  have  given  to  me.  It  speaks  in  the  tone  of 
true  nationality. 

Will  you  suggest  informally  to  Count  Bismarck  the  inquiry, 
whether  it  would  not  be  deemed  consistent  now  with  the  dignity 
and  greatness  of  Prussia  to  recognize  the  principle  of  naturalization 
as  a  natural  and  inherent  right  of  manhood.  In  reflecting  upon  the 
subject,  I  am  not  able  to  believe  that  Prussia,  any  more  than  the 
United  States,  can  or  need -to  rely  upon  compulsory  military  service 
by  subjects  who  have  incorporated  themselves  as  members  of  for- 
eign states. 

Secondly,  I  know  of  no  circumstances  which  would  tend  to 
place  Prussia  on  an  elevation  so  high  among  the  modern  nations  as 
the  adoption  of  that  principle  which  lies  at  the  basis  of  the  Ameri- 
can Republic. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

August  27,  1866.  —  You  will  herewith  receive  a  summary  of 
claims  of  citizens  of  the  United  States  against  Great  Britain  for 
damages  which  were  suffered  by  them  during  the  period  of  our  late 
civil  war,  and  some  months  thereafter,  by  means  of  depredations 
upon  our  commercial  marine,  committed  on  the  high  seas  by  the 
Sumter,  the  Alabama,  the  Florida,  the  Shenandoah,  and  other  ships 


THE   ALABAMA   CLAIMS.  447 

of  war,  which  were  built,  manned,  armed,  equipped,  and  fitted  out 
in  British  ports,  and  despatched  therefrom  by  or  through  the  agency 
of  British  subjects,  and  which  were  harbored,  sheltered,  provided, 
and  furnished  as  occasion  required,  during  their  devastating  career, 
in  ports  of  the  realm,  or  in  ports  of  British  colonies  iu  nearly  all 
parts  of  the  globe. 

The  table  is  not  supposed  to  be  complete,  but  it  presents  such  a 
recapitulation  of  the  claims  as  the  evidence  thus  far  received  in  this 
Department  enables  me  to  furnish.  Deficiencies  will  be  supplied 
hereafter.  Most  of  the  claims  have  been  from  time  to  time  brought 
by  yourself,  as  the  President  directed,  to  the  notice  of  her  Majesty's 
government,  and  made  the  subject  of  earnest  and  continued  appeal. 
That  appeal  was  intermitted  only  when  her  Majesty's  government, 
after  elaborate  discussions,  refused  either  to  allow  the  claims,  or  to 
refer  them  to  a  joint  claims  commission,  or  to  submit  the  question 
of  liability  therein  to  any  form  of  arbitration.  The  United  States, 
on  the  other  hand,  have  all  the  time  insisted  upon  the  claims  as 
just  and  valid.  This  attitude  has  been,  and  doubtless  continues 
to  be,  well  understood  by  her  Majesty's  government.  The  con- 
siderations which  inclined  this  government  to  suspend  for  a  time 
the  pressure  of  the  claims  upon  the  attention  of  Great  Britain  were 
these : — 

The  political  excitements  in  Great  Britain,  which  arose  during 
the  progress  of  the  war,  and  which  did  not  immediately  subside  at 
its  conclusion,  seemed  to  render  that  period  somewhat  unfavorable 
to  a  deliberate  examination  of  the  very  grave  questions  which  the 
claims  involve. 

The  attention  of  this  government  was,  during  the  same  period, 
largely  engrossed  by  questions  at  home  or  abroad  of  peculiar  interest 
and  urgency.  The  British  government  has  seemed  to  us  to  have 
been  similarly  engaged.  These  circumstances  have  now  passed 
away,  and  a  time  has  arrived  when  it  is  believed  that  the  subject 
may  receive  just  attention  in  both  countries. 

The  principles  upon  which  the  claims  are  asserted  by  the  United 
States  have  been  explained  by  yourself  in  an  elaborate  correspond- 
ence with  Earl  Russell  and  Lord  Clarendon.  In  this  respect,  there 
seems  to  be  no  deficiency  to  be  supplied  by  this  Department.  Thus, 
if  it  should  be  the  pleasure  of  her  Majesty's  government  to  revert  to 
the  subject  in  a  friendly  spirit,  the  materials  for  any  new  discussion 


448  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

on  your  part  will  be  found  in  the  records  of  your  legation,  properly 
and  duly  prepared  for  use  by  your  own  hand.  It  is  the  President's 
desire  that  you  now  call  the  attention  of  Lord  Stanley  to  the  claims 
in  a  respectful  but  earnest  manner,  and  inform  him  that,  in  the 
President's  judgment,  a  settlement  of  them  has  become  urgently 
necessary  to  a  reestablishment  of  entirely  friendly  relations  between 
the  United  States  and  Great  Britain. 

This  government,  while  it  thus  insists  upon  these  particular 
claims,  is  neither  desirous  nor  willing  to  assume  an  attitude  unkind 
or  unconciliatory  towards  Great  Britain.  If  on  her  part  there  are 
claims,  either  of  a  commercial  character,  or  of  boundary,  or  of  com- 
mercial or  judicial  regulation,  which  her  Majesty's  government 
esteem  important  to  bring  under  examination  at  the  present  time, 
the  United  States  would,  in  such  case,  be  not  unwilling  to  take  them 
into  consideration  in  connection  with  the  claims  which  are  now  pre- 
sented on  their  part,  and  with  a  view  to  remove  at  one  time,  and 
by  one  comprehensive  settlement,  all  existing  causes  of  misunder- 
standing. 

In  asking  an  early  attention  to  the  subject,  it  is  supposed  that  you 
may,  with  propriety,  dwell  upon  some  of  its  important  features, 
which,  although  they  have  heretofore  been  indicated  by  you,  may 
nevertheless  not  hitherto  have  sufficiently  engaged  the  attention  of 
the  British  government. 

In  the  beginning  of  the  year  1861,  the  people  of  the  United  States 
had,  by  means  of  commercial  enterprise  at  home  and  abroad,  built 
up  and  realized  the  enjoyment  of  a  foreign  trade  second  only  among 
the  nations,  and  but  little  inferior  to  that  of  Great  Britain.  They 
had  habitually  refrained  from  wars,  and  especially  from  intervention 
in  the  political  affairs  of  other  nations.  Mutual  recollections  of  an- 
cient conflicts  which  for  three-fourths  of  a  century  had  held  the  two 
countries  in  a  state  of  partial  alienation  and  irritation  had  subsided, 
and  what  was  supposed  to  be  a  lasting  friendship  had  been  estab- 
lished between  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  ;  at  this  moment 
a  domestic  disturbance  roge  in  our  country,  which,  although  it  had 
severe  peculiarities,  yet  was  in  fact  only  such  a  seditious  insurrection 
as  is  incidental  to  national  progress  in  every  state. 

In  its  incipient  stage,  it  was  foreseen  here  that  the  insurgents 
■would,  as  in  all  cases  insurgents  must,  appeal  to  foreign  states  for 
intervention.      It   was   supposed   that   their   appeal,   if   successful 


Britain's  aid  to  rebellion.  449 

anywhere,  would  be  successful  in  Great  Britain,  popularly  regarded 
in  both  countries  in  one  sense  as  a  kindred  nation,  in  another  sense 
as  a  rival,  and  in  a  third,  by  reason  of  the  great  expansion  of  manu- 
facture, a  dependent  upon  the  cotton-planting  interest  of  the  south- 
ern states,  which  were  to  become  the  theatre  of  the  insurrection.  It 
was  foreseen  that  British  intervention,  even  though  stopping  many 
degrees  short  of  actual  alliance,  or  even  of  recognition  of  the  insur- 
gents as  a  political  power,  must  nevertheless  inevitably  protract  the 
apprehended  civil  war,  and  aggravate  its  evils  and  sufferings  on  the 
land,  while  it  must  materially  injure,  if  not  altogether  destroy,  our 
national  commerce. 

When  the  insurrection  began,  the  United  States  believed  them- 
selves to  hold  a  position  and  prestige  equal  in  consideration  and 
influence  to  that  of  any  other  nation  ;  and  it  was  foreseen  that  for- 
eign intervention  in  behalf  of  the  insurgents,  even  to  the  extent 
only  of  recognizing  them  as  a  belligerent,  must  directly,  and  more 
or  less  completely,  derogate  from  the  just  and  habitual  influence  of 
the  Republic.  It  was  foreseen  that,  should  the  insurgents  receive 
countenance,  aid,  and  support,  in  any  degree,  from  Great  Britain, 
the  insurrection  might  be  ripened  under  such  influences  into  a  social 
war,  which  would  involve  the  life  of  the  nation  itself.  The  United 
States  did  not  fail  to  give  warning  to  her  Majesty's  government  that 
the  American  people  could  not  be  expected  to  submit  without 
resistance  to  the  endurance  of  any  of  these  great  evils,  through 
the  means  of  any  failure  of  Great  Britain  to  preserve  the  established 
relations  of  peace,  amity,  and  good  neighborhood  with  the  United 
States. 

The  earnest  remonstrances  thus  made  seem  to  the  United  States 
to  have  failed  to  receive  just  and  adequate  consideration.  While  as 
yet  the  civil  war  was  undeveloped,  and  the  insurgents  were  without 
any  organized  military  force  or  a  treasury,  and  long  before  they 
pretended  to  have  a  flag,  or  to  put  either  an  armed  ship  or  even  a 
merchant  vessel  upon  the  sea,  her  Majesty's  government,  acting  pre- 
cipitately, as  we  have  always  complained,  proclaimed  the  insurgents 
a  belligerent  power,  and  conceded  to  them  the  advantages  and  priv- 
ileges of  that  character,  and  thus  raised  them  in  regard  to  the  pros- 
ecution of  an  unlawful  armed  insurrection  to  an  equality  with  the 
United  States.  This  government  has  not  denied  that  it  was  within 
the  sovereign  authority  of  Great  Britain  to  assume  this  attitude ; 


450  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

but,  on  the  other  hand,  it  insisted  in  the  beginning,  and  has  contin- 
ually insisted,  that  the  assumption  of  that  attitude,  unnecessarily 
and  prematurely,  would  be  an  injurious  proceeding  for  which  Great 
Britain  would  immediately  come  under  a  full  responsibility  to  jus- 
tify it,  or  to  render  redress  and  indemnity.  The  United  States 
remain  of  the  opinion  that  the  proclamation  referred  to  has  not  been 
justified  on  any  ground  of  either  necessity  or  moral  right,  and  that, 
therefore,  it  was  an  act  of  wrongful  intervention,  a  departure  from 
the  obligations  of  existing  treaties,  and  without  sanction  of  the  law 
of  nations. 

Upon  a  candid  review  of  the  history  of  the  rebellion,  it  is  believed 
that  Great  Britain  will  not  deny  that  a  very  large  number  of  the 
Queen's  subjects  combined  themselves  and  operated  as  active  allies 
with  the  insurgents,  aided  them  with  supplies,  arms,  munitions,  men, 
and  many  ships  of  war.  The  chief  reply  which  her  Majesty's  govern- 
ment has  made  to  this  complaint,  has  been  that  they  apprehended 
inconveniences,  from  being  involved  in  the  contest,  unless  they 
should  declare  themselves  neutrals  ;  and,  further,  that  they  did,  in 
fact,  put  forth  all  the  efforts  to  prevent  such  aggressions  by  Brit- 
ish subjects  which  the  laws  of  Great  Britain  permitted. 

Without  descending  on  this  occasion  so  far  as  to  insist,  as  we  al- 
ways have  insisted,  that  there  was  a  deficiency  of  energy  in  the  re- 
spect adverted  to,  you  may  remind  Lord  Stanley  that,  in  the  view 
which  we  have  taken  of  the  subject,  the  misconduct  of  the  aggres- 
sors was  a  direct  and  legitimate  fruit  of  the  premature  and  injurious 
proclamation  of  belligerency,  against  which  we  had  protested,  and 
that  the  failure  of  her  Majesty's  government  to  prevent  or  counter- 
act the  aggressions  of  British  subjects  was  equally  traceable  to  the 
same  unfortunate  cause. 

When  the  municipal  laws  of  Great  Britain  proved  in  practical 
application  to  be  inadequate  to  the  emergency,  the  British  nation 
omitted,  for  various  reasons  which  seemed  to  us  insufficient,  to 
revise  these  laws,  and  the  United  States  were  left  to  maintain  a  con- 
flict with  a  domestic  enemy  which  British  sympathy,  aid,  and  as- 
sistance had  rendered  formidable,  and  in  which  British  subjects 
continued  throughout  to  be  active  allies,  without  any  effective  inter- 
position by  her  Majesty's  government. 

The  claims  upon  which  we  insist  are  of  large  amount.  They 
affect  the  interest  of  many  thousand  citizens  of  the  United  States 


THE  ALABAMA   CLAIMS.  451 

in  various  parts  of  the  Republic.  The  justice  of  the  claims  is  sus- 
tained by  the  universal  sentiment  of  the  people  of  the  United  States. 
Her  Majesty's  government,  we  think,  cannot  reasonably  expect  that 
the  government  of  the  United  States  can  consent,  under  such  cir- 
cumstances, to  forego  their  prosecution  to  some  reasonable  and 
satisfactory  conclusion.  This  aspect  of  the  case  is,  however,  less 
serious  than  that  which  I  have  next  to  present.  A  disregard  of  the 
obligations  of  treaties,  and  of  international  law,  manifested  by  one 
state,  so  injurious  to  another  as  to  awaken  a  general  spirit  of  dis- 
content and  dissatisfaction  among  its  people,  is  sure,  sooner  or  later, 
to  oblige  that  people,  in  a  spirit  of  self-defence,  if  not  of  retalia- 
tion, in  the  absence  of  any  other  remedy,  to  conform  their  own 
principles  and  policy,  in  conducting  their  intercourse  with  the  of- 
fending state,  to  that  of  the  party  from  whom  the  injury  proceeds. 

Subsequently  to  the  time  when  her  Majesty's  government  dis- 
allowed the  claims  in  question,  and  determined  to  exclude  them  from 
consideration,  a  part  of  the  British  realm,  and  certain  of  the  British 
North  American  provinces,  became  the  scenes  of  sedition,  threaten- 
ing insurrection  and  revolution  against  the  government  of  Great 
Britain.  Native-born  British  subjects  residing  here,  some  of  whom 
have  been  naturalked,  and  more  of  whom  have  not  been  naturalized 
in  the  United  States,  sympathizing  in  those  revolutionary  move- 
ments, attempted  to  organize  on  our  soil,  and  within  our  jurisdic- 
tion, auxiliary  land  and  naval  forces  for  invasions  of  Ireland  and 
Canada.  The  government  of  the  United  States,  without  waiting 
for  remonstrances,  appeals,  or  protests  from  her  Majesty's  govern- 
ment, effectively  put  their  municipal  laws  into  execution  and  pre- 
vented the  threatened  invasions. 

Thus  we  have  seen  ruinous  British  warlike  expeditions  against 
the  United  States  practically  allowed  and  tolerated  by  her  Maj- 
esty's government,  notwithstanding  remonstrance  ;  and  we  have 
seen  similar  unlawful  attempts  in  this  country  against  Great  Britain 
disallowed  and  defeated  by  the  direct  and  unprompted  action  of  the 
government  of  the  United  States. 

Her  Majesty's  government,  we  think,  cannot  reasonably  object  to 
acknowledge  our  claims,  and  to  adopt  such  measures  as  will  assure 
the  American  people  that  their  friendly  policy  of  non-intervention 
in  the  domestic  controversies  of  Great  Britain  will  be  made  recip- 
rocal and  equal. 


452  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

I  observe,  finally,  that  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  are 
two  of  the  leading  national  powers  in  this  age.  The  events  of  the 
last  five  years  have  conclusively  proved  that  harmony  between  them 
is  indispensable  to  the  welfare  of  each.  That  harmony  has  been, 
as  we  think,  unnecessarily  broken,  through  the  fault  of  Great 
Britain  ;  nor  does  there  exist  the  least  probability  that  it  can  ever 
be  completely  renewed  and  restored  unless  the  serious  complaint 
which  you  are  now  again  to  bring  to  the  notice  of  the  British 
government  shall  be  amicably  and  satisfactorily  adjusted.  Such  an 
adjustment  would  be  acceptable,  we  think,  to  the  friends  of  peace, 
progress,  and  humanity  throughout  the  world  ;  while  the  benignant 
principles  upon  which  it  shall  be  based,  being  conformable  to  the 
law  of  nations,  will  constitute  a  guide  for  the  conduct  of  commercial 
states,  in  their  mutual  intercourse,  which  will  everywhere  be  con- 
ducive to  international  peace,  harmony,  and  concord. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

January  12,  1867.  —  A  copy  of  a  despatch  written  by  Lord 
Stanley  contains  a  review  of  my  despatch  of  August  27,  1866,  con- 
cerning so-called  Alabama  claims. 

You  will  please  lay  before  Lord  Stanley  this  reply. 

The  President  appreciates  the  consideration  and  courtesy  mani- 
fested by  her  Majesty's  government.  I  shall  be  content,  on  this 
occasion,  with  defending  such  of  my  former  statements  as  Lord 
Stanley  has  disallowed.  I  think  it  unnecessary  to  disclaim  a  pur- 
pose of  impugning  the  motives  of  the  late  or  of  the  present  ministry. 
Governments,  like  individuals,  necessarily  take  their  measures  with 
reference  to  facts  and  circumstances  as  they,  at  the  time,  appear. 
The  aspect  often  changes  with  further  development  of  events.  It 
is  with  ascertained  facts,  and  not  with  intentions,  that  we  are  con- 
cerned; and  it  is  of  Great  Britain  as  a  state,  and  not  of  any  minis- 
ter or  ministry,  that  we  complain. 

Lord  Stanley  justly  reminds  me  that  the  Sumter  was  of  Ameri- 
can, not  of  British  origin,  and  that  she  began  her  career  by  escaping 
from  New  Orleans,  and  not  from  a  British  port.  I  think,  however, 
that  the  correction  does  not  substantially  affect  the  case.  The 
Sumter,  belonging  to  loyal  owners,  was  employed  in  trade  between 
New  York  and  New  Orleans.  Insurgents  seized  and  armed  her 
there,  and  sent  her  out  through  the  blockade.     She  captured  sev- 


THE   REBEL   CRUISERS.  453 

eral  United  States  merchant  vessels,  and  sent  them  into  Cienfuegos. 
On  the  30th  of  July,  1861,  she  entered  the  British  port  of  Trinidad, 
in  the  West  Indies,  ostentatiously  displaying  an  insurgent  flag, 
which  had  not  then,  nor  has  it  ever  since,  been  recognized  as  a  na- 
tional ensign,  either  by  the  United  States  or  by  Great  Britain,  or 
by  any  other  state.  Being  challenged,  she  presented  a  pretended 
commission,  signed,  not  by  the  President  of  the  United  States,  but 
by  Jefferson  Davis,  an  insurgent  chief.  The  Governor  of  Trinidad 
exhibited  the  British  standard  as  a  compliment  to  the  insurgent  visi- 
tor. The  Sumter  was  entertained  there  six  days,  and  supplied  with 
coal.  After  renewed  depredations  she  took  shelter,  on  the  19th  of 
January,  1862,  in  the  British  port  of  Gibraltar,  in  continental  Eu- 
rope. Being  effectually  locked  in  there  for  months  by  United  States 
cruisers,  she  was,  against  the  protest  of  this  government,  allowed  to 
be  sold  to  British  buyers  for  the  account  and  benefit  of  the  in- 
surgents. She  then  hoisted  the  British  flag,  and  under  it  was  re- 
ceived at  Liverpool,  within  the  British  realm. 

It  is,  indeed,  true,  as  Lord  Stanley  has  observed,  that  the  Ala- 
bama, when  she  left  England,  was  wholly  unarmed  and  not  fully 
equipped  as  a  war  vessel.  It  is  also  true  that  she  received  an  arma- 
ment, a  further  equipment,  a  commander  and  a  crew  in  Angra  Bay, 
Azores  —  a  possession  of  the  Crown  of  Portugal  —  where  the  Brit- 
ish government  had  no  jurisdiction,  and  could  exercise  no  lawful 
control,  even  if  they  had  an  opportunity.  But,  on  the  other  hand, 
it  is  to  be  remembered  that,  not  only  was  the  vessel  built  at  Liver- 
pool, but  the  armament  and  the  supplemental  equipment  were  built 
and  provided  there  also,  simultaneously  and  by  the  same  British 
hands,  and  also  that  the  commander  and  crew  were  gathered  and 
organized  at  the  same  time  and  the  same  place ;  the  whole  vessel, 
armament,  equipment,  commander  and  crew  were  adapted,  each 
part  to  the  other,  and  all  were  prepared  for  one  complete  expedi- 
tion. The  parts  were  fraudulently  separated  in  Liverpool,  to  be 
put  together  elsewhere,  and  they  were  fraudulently  conveyed  thence 
to  Angra  Bay  and  there  put  fraudulently  together  by  her  Majesty's 
subjects,  not  less  in  violation  of  British  than  of  Portuguese  obliga- 
tions to  the  United  States.  The  offenders  were  never  brought  to 
justice  by  her  Majesty's  government,  nor  complained  of  by  that 
government  to  the  Queen  of  Portugal.  The  Alabama,  from  the 
laying  of  her  timbers  in  Liverpool  until  her  destruction  by  the 


454  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Kearsarge,  off  Cherbourg,  never  once  entered  any  port  or  waters  of 
the  United  States.  Whatever  pretended  commission  she  ever  had 
as  a  ship  of  war  must  have  been  acquired  either  in  Great  Britain 
or  some  other  foreign  country  at  peace  with  the  United  States,  or 
on  the  high  seas.  Nevertheless,  the  Alabama  was  received,  pro 
tected,  entertained,  and  supplied  in  her  devastating  career  in  the 
British  ports  of  Capetown  and  Singapore  in  the  East,  and  when  she 
was  finally  sunk  in  the  British  channel,  her  commander  and  crew 
were,  with  fraudulent  connivance,  rescued  by  British  subjects  and 
ostentatiously  entertained  and  caressed  as  meritorious  but  unfortu- 
nate heroes  at  Southampton.  With  these  explanations  I  leave  the 
affair  of  the  Alabama  where  it  was  placed  in  the  representation  of 
Mr.  Adams. 

Lord  Stanley  says  that  the  Florida,  under  the  original  name  of 
Oreto,  left  England  unarmed  and  unequipped.  It  must  not  be  for- 
gotten, however,  that  while  building  she  was  denounced  to  her 
Majesty's  government  by  Mr.  Adams.  Lord  Stanley  also  says  that 
the  Shenandoah  left  England  unobserved,  and  therefore  unques- 
tioned, and,  for  anything  that  had  transpired,  on  a  legitimate  voy- 
age, and  that  she  was  only  armed,  equipped,  and  manned  as  a  war 
vessel  off  Funchal,  within  Portuguese  dominion.  I  am  sure  that  it 
must  be  unnecessary  to  refer  here  to  the  fact  that  the  building  of 
the  Florida,  the  Georgia,  and  the  Shenandoah  in  British  ports,  and 
the  arming  and  equipment  of  them  outside  of  British  jurisdiction, 
were  fraudulent  in  the  same  manner  that  has  been  specially  de- 
scribed in  regard  to  the  Alabama.  The  Shenandoah  was  received, 
protected,  and  supplied,  in  defiance  of  our  protest,  at  Melbourne,  in 
Australia.  She  proceeded  thence  to  the  Arctic  seas,  where  she 
destroyed  twenty-nine  United  States  merchant  vessels,  and  finally, 
after  the  end  of  the  rebel  hostilities  here,  she  returned  to  Liver- 
pool, the  place  from  which  she  had  first  gone  forth,  and  there  sur- 
rendered herself  to  her  Majesty's  government  as  to  an  ally  or  a 
superior. 

Lord  Stanley  excuses  her  Majesty's  government  in  part  upon  the 
ground  that  sufficient  evidence  or  notice  was  not  presented  by  the 
United  States,  in  part  on  the  ground  of  accidental  hindrances  or 
embarrassments,  while  in  one  place  he  seems  to  imply  that  the  only 
devastating  vessels  of  which  we  complain  are  the  Sumter,  the  Ala- 
bama, the  Florida,  and  the  Shenandoah.     In  regard  to  the  first  ex- 


lord  Stanley's  position.  455 

cuse,  I  have  to  say  that  British  complaints  of  lack  of  vigor  on  our 
part  would,  under  any  circumstances,  be  unreasonable.  Interna- 
tional as  well  as  municipal  laws  depend  for  their  execution  in  Great 
Britain  upon  her  Majesty's  government,  and  not  upon  our  own. 
Again,  I  think  that  Lord  Stanley  will  find,  by  referring  to  unpub- 
lished records  in  the  Foreign  Office,  what  certainly  appears  in  our 
confidential  archives,  that  at  the  time  when  the  fraudulent  building, 
arming,  and  equipping  of  those  vessels  were  going  on  in  England, 
we  were  required,  out  of  tenderness  to  British  sensibilities  and  with 
the  approval  of  her  Majesty's  government,  to  relax  rather  than  in- 
crease our  vigilance,  then  called  by  the  repulsive  name  of  espion- 
age. 

In  relation  to  the  second  excuse,  I  think  that  the  alleged  hinder- 
ances  and  embarrassments  were  nothing  else  than  the  skilful  mach- 
inations of  the  offending  parties  themselves.  In  enumerating  certain 
vessels  in  my  former  communication,  I  wrote  of  them  not  as  all  the 
vessels  complained  of,  but  by  way  of  describing  the  class  of  which 
we  complained.  There  were  many  others.  The  Nashville,  stolen 
from  loyal  owners  at  Charleston,  after  having  evaded  the  blockade, 
and  after  having  captured  the  Harvey  Birch,  arrived  at  Solithamp- 
♦  ton  on  the  20th  of  November,  1861.  She  was  entertained  there 
until  February  3,  1862,  and  then  left  the  harbor,  protected  from  the 
United  States  cruiser  Tuscarora  by  her  Majesty's  war  frigate  Shan- 
non. She  was  afterwards  hospitably  entertained  at  the  British 
ports  of  Bermuda  and  Nassau,  in  the  West  Indies.  The  Alabama 
improved  her  own  crafty  experience.  Having  in  one  of  her  cruises 
captured  the  United  States  merchant  ship  Conrad,  near  the  Cape  of 
Good  Hope,  on  the  21st  of  June,  1863,  she  commissioned  the 
Conrad  as  a  "  Confederate  "  pirate  on  the  high  seas,  under  the  name 
of  the  Tuscaloosa.  In  like  manner,  the  Floiida  captured  the  mer- 
chant ship  Clarence  upon  the  ocean,  and  commissioned  her,  and 
gave  her  an  armament,  force,  and  equipment  of  a  12- pound  how- 
itzer, twenty  men,  and  two  officers.  Afterwards  the  Florida  trans- 
ferred the  same  authority,  armament,  and  equipment  to  the  Tacony 
on  the  high  seas,  which  vessel  captured,  bonded,  and  destroyed  ten 
United  States  merchant  vessels  off  the  Atlantic  coast. 

Having  recalled  these  facts,  I  must  now  beg  leave  to  reaffirm  as 
substantially  correct  my  former  statement,  the  statement  to  which 
Lord  Stanley  has  excepted,  namely :  the  Sumter,  the  Alabama,  the 


456  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Florida,  the  Shenand  >ah,  and  other  ships  of  war,  were  built,  armed, 
equipped,  and  fitted  out  in  British  ports,  and  despatched  therefrom 
by  or  through  the  agency  of  British  subjects,  and  were  harbored, 
sheltered,  provided,  and  furnished,  as  occasion  required,  during 
their  devastating  career,  in  ports  of  the  realm  or  in  ports  of  the 
British  colonies  in  nearly  all  parts  of  the  globe. 

Lord  Stanley  excuses  the  reception  of  the  vessels  complained  of 
in  British  ports  subsequently  to  their  fraudulent  escapes  and  arma- 
ment, on  the  ground  that  when  the  vessels  appeared  in  those  ports 
they  did  so  in  the  character  of  properly  commissioned  cruisers  of 
the  government  of  the  so-styled  Confederate  States,  and  that  they 
received  no  more  shelter,  provisions,  or  facilities  than  was  due  to 
them  in  that  character.  This  position  is  taken  by  his  lordship  in 
view  of  the  facts  that,  with  the  exception  of  the  Sumter  and  the 
Florida,  none  of  the  vessels  named  were  ever  found  in  any  place 
where  a  lawful  belligerent  commission  could  either  be  conferred  or 
received.  It  would  appear,  therefore,  that  in  the  opinion  of  her 
Majesty's  government,  a  British  vessel,  in  order  to  acquire  a  bellig- 
erent character  against  the  United  States,  had  only  to  leave  the 
British  port  where  she  was  built  clandestinely,  and  to  be  fraudu- 
lently armed,  equipped,  and  manned  anywhere  in  Great  Britain  or 
in  any  foreign  country  or  on  the  high  seas,  and  in  some  foreign 
county  or  upon  the  high  seas  to  set  up  and  assume  tin;  title  and 
privileges  of  a  belligerent,  without  even  entering  the  so-called  Con- 
federacy or  ever  coming  within  any  port  of  the  United  States.  I 
must  confess  lhat  if  a  lawful  belligerent  character  can  be  acquired 
in  such  a  manner,  then  I  am  unable  to  determine  by  what  differ- 
ent course  of  proceeding  a  vessel  can  become  a  pirate  and  an  enemy 
to  the  peace  of  nations. 

Lord  Stanley  defends  the  Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality  by 
quoting  against  me,  certain  utterances  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the 
United  States  and  of  the  District  of  Columbia,  of  which  he  says  her 
Majesty's  government  has  seen  no  refutation.  Certainly  it  is  not 
my  purpose  to  refute  these  utterances.  They  were  made  by  learned 
and  loyal  tribunals.  Moreover,  Lord  Stanley  understands  them 
correctly  as  showing  that,  at  the  time  they  were  pronounced,  it  was 
the  opinion  of  those  courts  that  a  civil  war  was  actually  existing  in 
the  United  States,  and  that  it  was  existing  at  the  time  when  the 
causes  of  action  arose  in  the  cases  which  the  courts  were  adjudicat- 


lord  Stanley's  argument  refuted.  457 

ing.  I  may  admit,  further,  that  the  courts  referred  to  the  Presi- 
dent's blockade  proclamation,  which  preceded  the  Queen's  neutral- 
ity proclamation,  as  one  among  the  facts  which  proved  that  the  con- 
troversy here  was  not  a  mere  local  insurrection,  but  had  all  the 
gravity,  character,  and  consequences  of  a  civil  war. 

But  I  must  insist,  on  the  other  hand,  first,  that  neither  of  the 
judicial  utterances  referred  to  asserts  or  admits  that  the  President's 
blockade  proclamation  expressly  and  in  form  declared  or  recognized 
the  existence  of  civil  war,  and,  in  the  second  place,  that  both  of 
these  judicial  utterances  unmistakably  imply  the  contrary.  The 
District  Court  of  Columbia  pronounced  its  opinion  on  the  17th  of 
June,  1861.  The  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States  withheld  its 
opinion  until  the  10th  of  March,  1863.  The  capture  which  consti- 
tuted the  cause  of  action  in  the  district  court  occurred  on  the  21st 
of  May,  1861 ;  the  captures  concerning  which  the  Supreme  Court  of 
the  United  States  adjudicated  occurred  on  the  17th  of  May,  1861, 
the  20th  of  May,  1861,  the  23d  of  June,  1861,  and  the  10th  of 
July,  1861.  The  Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality  had  appeared 
before  either  court  pronounced  its  opinion,  and  before  either  cause 
of  action  arose.  British  subjects  were  claimants  in  some,  and  other 
foreigners  were  claimants  in  others,  of  these  litigations.  Among 
the  facts  of  which  the  Supreme  Court  took  notice,  and  which  they 
set  forth  as  the  grounds  of  their  opinion,  is  the  following :  — 

*'  As  soon  as  the  news  of  the  attack  on  Fort  Sumter,  and  the  organization  of  a 
government  of  the  seceding  states  assuming  to  act  as  belligerents,  could  become 
known  in  Europe,  to  wit:  on  the  13th  of  May,  1861,  the  Queen  of  England 
issued  her  proclamation  of  neutrality,  recognizing  hostilities  as  existing  between 
tlie  government  of  the  United  States  of  America  and  certain  states  styling  them- 
selves the  Confederate  States  of  America.  This  was  immediately  followed  by 
similar  declarations  or  silent  acquiescence  by  other  nations." 

This  statement  served  to  prepare  the  way  for  the  proposition 
which  became  a  chief  basis  in  the  decision  of  fche  Supreme  Court, 
to  wit:  "After  such  an  effectual  recognition  by  the  sovereign,  the 
citizen  of  a  foreign  state  is  estopped  to  deny  the  existence  of  a 
war  and  its  consequences  as  regards  neutrals."  It  is  thus  seen  that 
the  decision  of  the  Supreme  Court,  which  Lord  Stanley  quotes  in 
defence  of  the  Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality,  was  based  upon 
the  proclamation  itself,  and  thus  the  proclamation  defended,  and  the 
defending  opinion  of  the  Supreme  Court,  reciprocate  each  other. 


458  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  District  Court  of  Columbia  is  only  an  inferior  local  tribunal, 
whose  unreviewed  reasoning  would  not  anywhere  be  deemed  au- 
thoritative upon  international  questions.  I  might,  therefore,  bring 
my  remarks  upon  the  Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality  to  an  end, 
but  I  desire  to  leave  nothing  unsaid  that  might  tend  to  elucidate 
the  subject.  The  issue  between  the  United  States  and  Great  Brit- 
ain, which  is  the  subject  of  the  present  correspondence,  is  not  upon 
the  question  whether  a  civil  war  has  recently  existed  in  the  United 
States,  nor  is  the  issue  upon  that  other  question,  namely,  whether 
such  a  civil  war  was  actually  existing  here  at  the  date  of  the 
Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality.  Certainly  there  is  a  stage 
when  a  civil  commotion,  although  attended  by  armed  force,  is 
nevertheless  in  fact  only  a  local  insurrection,  as  it  is  also  true  that 
local  insurrections  often  transcend  municipal  bounds,  and  become 
civil  wars.  It  is  always  important,  and  generally  difficult  and  per- 
plexing, to  recognize  and  definitely  determine  the  transition  stage 
with  absolute  precision.  The  disturbed  nation  suffers  a  serious  loss 
of  advantages  if  recognition  is  prematurely  made.  The  insurrec- 
tionary party  may  suffer  a  serious  loss  if  it  be  too  long  and  un- 
justly withheld.  Strangers  who  may  be  dealing  with  one  or  the 
other  may  be  injuriously  affected  in  either  case.  Now  what  is 
alleged  on  the  part  of  the  United  States  is  that  the  Queen's  procla- 
mation, which  by  conceding  belligerent  privileges  to  the  insurgents, 
lifted  them  up  for  the  purposes  of  insurrection  to  an  equality  with 
the  nation  which  they  were  attempting  to  overthrow,  was  prema- 
ture because  it  was  unnecessary,  and  that  it  was  in  its  operation  un- 
friendly because  it  was  premature. 

The  discussion  necessarily  involves  a  history  of  that  proclama- 
tion. On  the  28th  of  February,  1861,  the  United  States,  in  the 
customary  manner  of  international  conference,  announced  to  Great 
Britain,  as  well  as  to  other  friendly  nations,  that  certain  United 
States  citizens  dwelling  in  South  Carolina,  Georgia,  Florida,  Ala- 
bama, Mississippi,  Louisiana,  and  Texas  had,  in  pretended  state 
conventions,  and  in  a  so-called  but  unlawful  congress,  on  paper, 
pronounced  a  secession  or  separation  from  the  Federal  government, 
and  asserted  themselves  by  the  style  of  the  Confederate  States  of 
America.  The  United  States,  for  special  reasons,  warned  her  Maj- 
esty's government  that  seditious  emissaries  would  endeavor  to  pro- 
cure from  Great  Britain  a  recognition  of  the  pretended  Confederacy. 


Britain's  unfriendly  action.  459 

The  United  States  protested  against  such  a  proceeding.  Her  Maj- 
esty's principal  Secretary  for  Foreign  Affairs,  on  the  22d  of  March, 
1861,  listened  to  the  announcement  thus  made  as  one  which  he 
expected,  and  said  that  her  Majesty's  government  had  reached  no 
definite  conclusion  as  to  a  proper  course  of  action.  He  observed 
that  he  had  seen  a  private  letter,  from  which  he  inferred  that 
accredited  ministers  or  commissioners,  authorized  to  negotiate  for 
recognition,  would  be  shortly  sent  to  Europe  by  the  so-called  seces- 
sionists. This  answer  plainly  indicated  a  preparation  for  the  very 
decision  against  which  the  United  States  protested.  On  the  9th  of 
March  thereafter,  the  President  of  the  United  States  caused  the 
before-mentioned  motion  and  protest  to  be  renewed,  with  the  assur- 
ance to  her  Majesty's  government  that  he  then  entertained  a  full 
confidence  in  a  speedy  restoration  of  the  harmony  and  unity  of  the 
government,  through  judicious  measures  cooperating  with  a  deliber- 
ate and  loyal  action  of  the  American  people.  The  President  ear- 
nestly desired  her  Majesty's  government  not  to  intervene  in  any 
unfriendly  way  in  the  domestic  concerns  of  this  country.  He  dis- 
tinctly stated  further  that  he  would  take  care  in  every  case  to 
render  any  possible  injuries  which  foreigners  might  suffer  as  light 
as  possible,  and  fully  to  indemnify  them.  In  answer  to  this  latter 
communication,  her  Majesty's  government,  on  the  8th  of  April, 
1861,  said  that  the  matter  seemed  not  yet  ripe  for  decision,  one  way 
or  the  other,  and  that  this  was  all  that  at  that  moment  they  could 
say.  They  added,  however,  a  statement  that  English  opinion 
seemed  to  be  tending  towards  the  theory  that  a  peaceful  separation 
of  the  American  Union  might  work  beneficially  for  both  groups  of 
states,  and  might  not  injuriously  affect  the  rest  of  the  world.  It 
was  then  made  known  that  the  subject  was  to  be  debated  on  that 
very  day  in  the  House  of  Commons,  and  that  six  days  thereafter  a 
motion  for  absolute  recognition  of  the  pretended  Confederacy,  other- 
wise called  there  a  new  nation,  would  be  pressed  in  Parliament. 
When  these  facts  became  known  to  this  government  care  was  taken 
to  reply  that  the  answer  of  the  Foreign  Secretary  of  State  was  by 
no  means  satisfactory,  and  her  Majesty's  government  was  therefore 
advised  that  they  were  at  liberty  to  choose  whether  they  would 
retain  the  friendship  of  the  United  States  by  refusing  all  aid  and 
comfort  to  their  domestic  enemies,  or  whether  her  Majesty's  gov- 
ernment would  take  the  precarious  benefits  of  a  different  course. 

$ 


460  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

It  was  not  long  left  in  doubt  in  European  circles  which  alternative 
Great  Britain  would  elect.  Her  Majesty's  principal  Secretary  for 
Foreign  Affairs  having  invited  a  conference  on  the  2d  of  May,  an- 
nounced to  the  United  States  Minister  in  London,  Mr.  Dallas,  that 
three  representatives  of  the  so-called  Southern  Confederacy  were 
then  in  that  capital,  and  that  he,  Lord  Russell,  was  willing  to  see 
them  unofficially.  He  then  made  the  important  announcement  that 
there  already  existed  an  understanding  between  her  Majesty's  gov- 
ernment and  that  of  France,  which  would  lead  both  to  take  the 
same  course  as  to  recognition,  whatever  that  course  might  be.  The 
United  States  Minister,  of  course  unprepared  with  instructions  to 
meet  these  revelations,  certainly  unlooked  for  here,  replied  that  his 
appointed  successor,  Mr.  Adams,  was  then  on  his  voyage,  and  might 
be  expected  within  ten  or  fifteen  days.  The  secretary  acquiesced  in 
the  expediency  of  waiting  for  the  coming  of  the  new  minister. 
The  proposed  movement  in  Parliament  for  recognition  was,  at  the 
instance  of  the  Secretary  of  Foreign  Affairs,  postponed. 

When  the  President  received  an  account  of  the  last-mentioned 
interview,  he  then  was  unable,  as  the  United  States  are  yet  unable, 
to  perceive  how  it  was  thought  by  her  Majesty's  government 
entirely  considerate  in  regard  to  the  United  States  to  consult  and 
agree  with  France  upon  a  question  vital  to  the  United  States  with- 
out affording  them  a  hearing.  Moreover,  the  United  States  were 
then  unable,  as  they  are  yet  unable,  to  perceive  how  it  is  justly  con- 
sidered by  her  Majesty's  government  any  more  lawful,  just,  or 
friendly  to  entertain  traitors  against  the  United  States,  with  a  view 
to  business  negotiations  with  them,  unofficially  and  privately,  than 
it  is  to  entertain  and  negotiate  with  them  officially  and  publicly. 
Be  this  as  it  may,  Earl  Russell's  explanations  revealed  to  the 
United  States  the  fact  that  even  thus  early,  before  any  effective 
military  advantage  had  been  gained  by  the  insurgents,  and  even 
before  any  meditated  blow  had  been  given  by  this  government  in  its 
own  defence,  the  British  government,  Parliament,  and  people  were 
entertaining  privately,  and  not  unkindly,  debates  with  the  insur- 
gents and  with  a  foreign  power,  which  involved  nothing  less  than  a 
direct  and  speedy  sanction  of  the  rebellion  in  the  United  States, 
and  a  dissolution  of  the  American  Union.  They  were  yet  unwilling 
to  believe  that  Great  Britain  would  take  such  a  course  with  uncon- 
cealed precipitancy.     Mr.  Adams,  the  new  minister,  in  the  mean 


INSURGENT  EMISSARIES   IN  LONDON.  461 

time  had  been  charged  with  the  duty  of  counteracting  the  appeals 
of  the  disunionists,  and  was  prepared  to  answer  every  argument 
which  they  could  advance,  either  on  the  score  of  British  interest,  or 
under  the  pretext  of  zeal  for  the  freedom  of  trade,  or  for  the  free- 
dom of  men.  The  insurgent  emissaries  reached  London  on  the  30th 
of  April.  The  President's  blockade  proclamation,  which  was  issued 
on  the  13th  of  April,  reached  London  on  the  3d  of  May.  On  the 
4th  of  May,  only  two  days  after  the  conference  of  Mr.  Dallas  with 
Lord  Russell,  he  favored  the  insurgent  emissaries  with  an  unofficial 
interview.  He  patiently,  it  is"  not  for  us  to  say  confidingly,  heard 
them  disclaim  slavery  as  a  principal  cause  of  the  incipient  rebellion, 
while  they  alleged  that  its  real  cause  was  the  high  prices  which  the 
so-called  South  was  obliged  to  pay  for  manufactured  goods  by  way 
of  protecting  the  so-called  Northern  manufacturers.  They  favored 
him  with  glowing  statements  of  the  South,  and  its  exports  valued 
by  millions.  He  answered  that,  when  the  question  of  recognition 
should  come  to  be  formally  discussed,  inquiry  must  be  made  on  two 
points :  first,  whether  the  body  seeking  recognition  could  maintain 
its  position  as  an  independent  state ;  and,  secondly,  in  vyhat  manner 
it  was  proposed  to  maintain  relations  with  foreign  states.  After 
reviewing  this  conversation,  is  it  to  be  wondered  at  that  the  traitors, 
when  retiring  from  this  interview,  assured  his  lordship  that  they 
would  rest  in  London  in  the  hope  that  a  recognition  [of  the  sover- 
eignty] of  the  Southern  Confederacy  would  not  long  be  delayed  ? 
Two  days  later,  namely,  on  the  6th  of  May,  the  principal  Secretary 
for  Foreign  Affairs  announced  in  Parliament  that  the  ministry  had 
consulted  the  law  officers  of  the  Crown  —  the  attorney  general  and 
the  solicitor  general,  and  the  Queen's  advocate —  and  her  Majesty's 
government  had  come  to  the  opinion  that  the  Southern  Confeder- 
acy of  America,  according  to  the  principles  which  seemed  to  them 
to  be  just  principles,  must  be  treated  as  a  belligerent.  The  Queen's 
proclamation,  which  went  half  the  way  towards  recognition  of  the 
so-called  Southern  Confederacy,  was  issued  at  London  on  the  15th 
of  May,  in  the  morning.  Mr.  Adams  arrived  there  in  the  even- 
ing. He  was  officially  received  on  the  16th.  This  is  the  history 
of  the  Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality.  What  I  wrote  con- 
cerning it  in  the  despatch  which  Lord  Stanley  has  reviewed  is  as 
follows :  — 


462  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

"  While  as  yet  the  civil  war  was  undeveloped,  and  the  insurgents  were  without 
any  organized  military  forces  or  treasury,  long  before  they  pretended  to  have  a 
flag  or  to  put  an  armed  ship  or  even  a  merchant  vessel  upon  the  sea,  her  Majes- 
ty's government,  acting  precipitately  as  we  have  always  insisted,  proclaimed  the 
insurgents  a  belligerent  power,  and  conceded  to  them  the  advantages  and  privi- 
leges of  that  character,  and  thus  raised  them  in  regard  to  the  prosecution  of  an 
unlawful  armed  insurrection  to  an  equality  with  the  United  States.  The  United 
States  remain  of  the  opinion  that  the  proclamation  has  not  been  justified  on  any 
ground  of  either  necessity  or  moral  right  ;  that,  therefore,  it  was  an  act  of  wrong- 
ful intervention,  a  departure  from  the  obligations  of  existing  treaties,  and  without 
sanction  of  the  law  of  nations." 

Lord  Stanley's  principal  point,  in  defending  the  Queen's  procla- 
mation, is,  that  it  did  no  more  than  acknowledge  a  state  of  war 
which  had  already  been  recognized  by  the  President  himself  in  his 
proclamation  of  a  blockade,  which  was  issued  on  the  19th  of  April, 
1861,  and  his  further  proclamation  which  was  issued  on  the  27th  of 
April,  1861.  We  have  already  seen  that  the  Supreme  Court  of  the 
United  States  and  that  of  the  District  of  Columbia,  in  their  opin- 
ions, did  not  pretend,  admit,  or  imply  that'tbe  President's  aforemen- 
tioned proclamations  expressly  and  in  form  declared  or  recognized  a 
state  of  civil  war.  So  Lord  Stanley,  with  commendable  candor,  re- 
frains from  making  any  similar  claim  in  regard  to  the  President's 
blockade  proclamations.  The  courts  reached  their  conclusion  that 
a  state  of  civil  war  was  existing  at  the  time  of  the  maritime  captures 
which  were  under  consideration  by  processes  of  reasoning  and  argu- 
ment. Lord  Stanley  is  content  witli  adopting  the  court's  argument 
in  identical  words.      He  quotes  from  the  Supreme  Court :  — 

"  The  President  was  bound  to  meet  it  in  the  shape  it  presented  itself  without 
waiting  for  Congress  to  baptize  it  with  a  name  ;  and  no  name  given  to  it  by  him 
or  them  could  change  the  fact." 

Lord  Stanley  quotes  also  the  words  that 

"  The  proclamation  of  blockade  is  conclusive  evidence  to  the  court  that  a  state 
of  war  existed." 

And  in  the  same  sense  he  quotes  from  the  court  of  the  District  of 
Columbia :  — 

"That  the  facts  of  the  secession  of  the  Southern  States,  as  set  forth  by  the 
President,  with  the  assertion  of  the  right  of  blockade,  amount  to  a  declaration 
that  civil  war  exists." 

The  courts  correctly  understood  the  facts  with  which  they  had  to 


ENGLAND    MISUNDERSTANDS   THE   SITUATION.  463 

deal.  In  the  causes  which  were  before  those  courts,  the  claimants 
insisted  that  a  state  of  civil  war  was  not  existing  at  the  time  of  the 
respective  captures.  They  so  insisted  on  the  ground  that  no  com- 
petent authority  had  declared  a  civil  Avar  or  had  acknowledged  the 
insurrection  as  a  civil  war  giving  rise  to  belligerent  rights ;  that 
Congress  had  not  so  defined,  described,  or  acknowleged  it,  and  that 
the  President  had  not  by  his  proclamations  so  named,  baptized,  or 
recognized  it. 

The  recitals  from  the  courts  sustain  the  historical  view  of  the 
case  which  I  have  presented.  Before  the  Queen's  proclamation  of 
neutrality  the  disturbance  in  the  United  States  was  merely  a  local 
insurrection.  It  wanted  the  name  of  war  to  enable  it  to  be  a  civil 
war  and  to  live,  endowed  as  such  with  maritime  and  other  belliger- 
ent rights.  Without  that  authorized  name  it  might  die,  and  was 
expected  not  to  live  and  be  a  flagrant  civil  war,  but  to  perish  a  mere 
insurrection. 

It  was,  therefore,  not  without  lawful  and  wise  design  that  the 
President  declined  to  confer  upon  the  insurrection  the  pregnant 
baptismal  name  of  civil  war,  to  the  prejudice  of  the  nation 
whose  destiny  was  in  his  hands.  What  the  President  thus  wisely 
and  humanely  declined  to  do,  the  Queen  of  Great  Britain  too 
promptly  performed.  She  baptized  the  slave  insurrection  within 
the  United  States  a  civil  war ;  and  thus,  so  far  as  the  British  nation 
and  its  influence  could  go,  gave  it  a  name  to  live,  and  flourish,  and 
triumph  over  the  American  Union.  By  this  proceeding,  the  Queen 
of  Great  Britain  intervened  in  the  purely  domestic  and  internal 
affairs  of  the  United  States,  and  derogated  from  the  authority  of 
their  government.  Refei*ence  to  the  events  of  the  time  will  show 
that  she  misunderstood  entirely  the  actual  situation.  The  Presi- 
dent's first  proclamation  against  the  insurrection  was  issued  on  the 
15th  of  April.  He  described  the  condition  of  affairs  as  one  in 
which  the  laws  of  the  United  States  were  opposed,  and  the  execu- 
tion thereof  obstructed  by  combinations  too  powerful  to  be  sup- 
pressed by  the  ordinary  course  of  judicial  proceedings.  He  called 
out  the  militia  for  a  short  term  of  service,  to  suppress  those  combi- 
nations, and  to  cause  the  laws  of  the  land  to  be  duly  executed.  He 
expressly  declared  that  the  first  seryice  assigned  to  the  militia  forces 
would  probably  be  to  repossess  the  forts,  places,  and  property  which 
had  been  seized  from  the   Union;  and  that,  in  every  event,  the 


464  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

utmost  care  would  be  observed,  consistently  with  the  objects  afore- 
said, to  avoid  any  devastation,  any  destruction  of  or  interference 
with  property,  or  any  disturbance  of  peaceful  citizens  of  any  part  of 
the  country  ;  and  he  commanded  the  forces  composing  the  combina- 
tions before  mentioned  to  disperse,  and  to  return  to  their  respective 
abodes  within  twenty  days.  He  at  the  same  time  convoked  Congress 
for  the  4th  day  of  July,  to  consider  the  state  of  the  Union.  So  also  in 
the  President's  second  or  supplemental  proclamation  of  the  block- 
ade, he  defined  its  necessity  as  arising  from  an  insurrection  which 
had  broken  out  in  the  states  therein  named,  by  means  whereof  the 
uniform  laws  of  the  United  States  for  the  collection  of  revenue  could 
not  be  effectually  executed.  He  recited,  further,  that  a  combina- 
tion of  persons  engaged  in  such  insurrection  had  threatened  to  grant 
pretended  letters  of  marque.  He  declared,  further,  that  he  had  re- 
quired the  persons  engaged  in  these  disorderly  proceedings  to  desist 
therefrom,  and  had  called  out  the  militia  to  restore  order  and  the 
supremacy  of  the  laws.  All  these  declarations,  recitals,  warnings, 
and  commands  are  the  especial  features  of  governmental  proclama- 
tions, designed  to  suppress  local  insurrections  without  suffering 
them  to  attain  the  form  and  dimensions  of  civil  war.  It  was  the 
absolute  right  of  this  government  to  treat  the  insurrection  in  this 
manner;  and,  in  our  opinion,  it  was  not  a  right  of  Great  Britain,  by 
any  recognition  of  the  insurgents,  either  as  sovereign  or  as  belliger- 
ent, to  defeat  the  wise  and  humane  measures  of  the  President  in 
that  respect.  It  will  be  found,  we  think,  that  all  nations  which 
have  desired  to  practise  justice  and  friendship  towards  a  state  tempo- 
rarily disturbed  by  insurrection,  have  forborne  from  conceding  bel- 
ligerent privileges  to  the  insurgents,  in  anticipation  of  their  con- 
cession by  the  disturbed  state  itself.  A  nation  which  departs 
from  this  duty  always  practically  commits  itself  as  an  ally  to  the 
insurgents,  and  may  justly  be  held  to  the  responsibilities  of  that 
relation. 

I  pass,  without  comment,  Lord  Russell's  justification  of  the 
Queen's  proclamation,  assimilating  the  situation  here  in  1SW  to 
that  of  the  Greeks  rising  against  their  Turkish  oppressors  in  1825. 
It  could  hardly  be  expected  that  this  government  would  be  con- 
vinced by  an  argument  that  assimilates  them  to  the  Ottoman  power 
in  its  decline,  and  the  slave-holding  insurgents  to  the  Christian  de- 
scendants of  heroic  Greece,  in  their  reascent  to  civilization.     Lord 


RESULTS   OF   BRITISH   RECOGNITION.  465 

Stanley  thinks  that  the  Queen's  proclamation  could  have  no  tend- 
ency to  encourage  and  create  into  a  civil  war  a  political  convulsion 
which  otherwise  would  have  remained  a  mere  local  insurrection.  If 
it  were  true  that  an  insurrection  acquires  no  new  powers,  faculties, 
and  attributes,  when  it  receives  from  its  own  or  a  foreign  govern- 
ment the  baptismal  name  of  civil  war,  the  point  which  Lord  St  tnley 
raises  might  require  grave  consideration.  Such,  however,  is  not 
generally  the  case  ;  and  certainly  it  was  not  the  case  in  the  late  con- 
test here.  Provisions  and  treasures,  arms,  ordnance,  and  munitions 
of  war,  and  even  ships  of  war,  began  to  pour  forth  from  the  British 
shores  in  support  of  the  insurgent  cause,  so  soon  as  the  Queen's 
recognition  of  it  as  a  belligerent  was  proclaimed  ;  and  they  contin- 
ually increased,  until  it  was  finally  suppressed  by  the  vigor  and 
energy  of  this  government.  The  commercial  losses  of  the  United 
States,  which  are  the  immediate  subject  of  the  present  correspond- 
ence, are  only  a  small  part  of  the  damage  which  this  country  has 
sustained  at  the  hands  of  British  abettors  of  the  insurgents.  But 
will  Lord  Stanley  please  to  refer  to  the  table  in  which  these  special 
losses  are  presented,  showing  ninety-five  merchant  vessels,  with  ten 
millions  of  property,  destroyed  by  the  cruisers  which  practically 
were  sent  forth  from  the  British  shores,  and  say  whether  he  believes 
it  possible  that  such  destructive  proceedings  could  have  occurred  if 
Great  Britain  had  not  conceded  belligerent  rights  to  the  insur- 
gents. Nor  is  it  to  be  overlooked,  that  foreign  moral  sanction 
and  sympathy  are  of  more  value  to  a  local  insurrection  than  even 
fleets  and  armies. 

Lord  Stanley  presents  the  considerations  which  induced  the  issue 
of  the  Queen's  proclamation.  He  says  that  her  Majesty's  govern- 
ment had  to  provide  at  a  distance  for  the  loss  and  interests  of  Brit- 
ish subjects  in -or  near  the  seat  of  war.  But  who  required  British 
subjects  to  be  there  ?  Who  obliged  them  to  remain  in  a  place  of 
danger?  If  they  persisted  in  remaining  there,  had  they  not  all  the 
protection  that  citizens  of  the  United  States  enjoyed?  Were  they 
entitled  to  more?  Moreover  does  the  jurisdiction  of  Great  Britain 
extend  into  our  country  to  protect  its  citizens  sojourning  here  from 
accidents  and  casualties  to  which  our  own  citizens  are  equally 
exposed?  Lord  Stanley  continues,  her  Majesty's  government  had 
to  consider  the  rapidity  with  which  events  were  succeeding  one  an- 
other on  the  American  continent,  and  the  delay  which  musi  elapse 
30 


466  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

before  intelligence  of  those  events  could  reach  them,  and  the  press- 
ing necessity  for  definite  instructions  to  the  authorities  in  their  colo- 
nies and  on  their  naval  stations  near  the  scene  of  the  conflict.  On 
the  contrary,  it  seems  to  us  that  prudence  and  friendship,  had  they 
been  deliberately  consulted,  would  hare  suggested  to  her  Majesty's 
government  to  wait  for  the  development  of  events  and  definitive 
action  of  the  United  -States. 

Lord  Stanley  repeats  from  Earl  Russell,  and  reaffirms  that  "  her 
Majesty's  government  had  but  two  courses  open  to  them  on  receiv- 
ing intelligence  of  the  President's  proclamation,  namely,  either  that 
of  acknowledging  the  blockade  and  proclaiming  the  neutrality  of 
her  Majesty,  or  that  of  refusing  to  acknowledge  the  blockade  and 
insisting  upon  the  right  of  her  Majesty's  subjects  to  trade  with 
the  ports  of  the  south  where  the  government  of  the  United  States 
could  exercise  no  fiscal  control  at  that  time." 

With  due  respect  I  must  demur  to  this  statement.  The  disturb- 
ance being,  at  the  time  referred  to,  officially  and  legally  held  by  the 
government  of  the  United  States  to  be  a  local  insurrection,  this 
government  had  a  right  to  close  the  ports  in  the  states  within  the 
scene  of  the  insurrection,  by  municipal  law,  and  to  forbid  strangers 
from  all  intercourse  therewith,  and  to  use  the  armed  and  naval  forces 
for  that  purpose.  A  blockade  wa3  legitimately  declared  to  that  end  ; 
and,  until  the  state  of  civil  war  should  actually  have  developed,  the 
existence  of  a  blockade  would  have  conferred  no  belligerent  rights 
upon  the  insurgents.  In  choosing  the  blockade  as  a  form  of  remedy 
less  oppressive  than  the  closing  of  the  ports  by  statute,  the  United 
States  might  perhaps  have  come  under  an  obligation  to  respect  any 
just  rights  and  interests  of  aliens  which  might  have  been  infringed. 
There  was,  however,  no  just  ground  for  apprehension  on  that  sub- 
ject, for  the  history  of  the  time  shows  that  those  rights  were  in  all 
cases  inviolately  respected. 

Again,  the  blockade  could  have  been  suitably  acknowledged  by 
her  Majesty's  government  without  a  proclamation  conceding  bellig- 
erent rights  to  the  insurgents.  Certainly  forbearance  from  foreign 
strife  can  be  practised,  like  every  other  national  virtue,  without 
public  proclamation.  There  is  hardly  a  nation  in  any  part  of  the 
world  which  has  not  been  disturbed  by  both  internal  and  external 
wars  since  the  United  States  became  an  independent  maritime 
power.     I  find,  however,  in  our  records  that  the  United  States  have 


THE  FENIAN   MOVEMENT.  467 

accorded  a  recognition  of  belligerent  rights  only  in  one  case,  namely, 
in  the  case  of  the  flagrant  war  between  France  and  the  allied  Euro- 
pean powers  in  1793.  In  all  other  cases  we  have  either  disallowed 
belligerent  rights  or  preserved  silence. 

Lord  Stanley  says  that  u  if  Mr.  Seward  means  to  base  the  present 
claims  on  the  ground  that  the  British  government  should,  while  ac- 
knowledging the  blockade,  have  awaited  the  arrival  of  a  Confeder- 
ate ship  of  war  in  British  ports  before  admitting  the  possession  by 
the  '  Confederate  States '  of  a  ship  of  war,  and,  therefore,  their  right 
to  be  treated  on  the  high  seas  as  a  belligerent  power,  a  reference  to 
dates  will  show  that  the  question  would  have  been  raised  on  the 
arrival  of  the  Sumter  at  Trinidad,  and  of  the  Nashville  at  South- 
ampton, some  months  before  Mr.  Adams  laid  his  complaints  against 
the  vessels  mentioned  in  the  summary  of  claims." 

To  this  argument  it  is  deemed  a  sufficient  reply  that  neither  of 
the  two  vessels  named  in  fact  appeared  in  a  British  port  or  upon  the 
high  seas  until  after  the  Queen's  proclamation,  which  tendered  hos- 
pitalities and  assistance  to  them,  was  issued. 

I  do  not  deem  it  necessary  to  reply  at  large  to  the  reflections 
which  Lord  Stanley  makes  upon  the  conduct  of  this  government  in 
regard  to  the  proceedings  of  the  so-called  Fenians.  The  Fenian 
movement  neither  begins  nor  ends  in  the  United  States  ;  the  mov- 
ers in  those  proceedings  are  not  native  citizens  of  the  United  States ; 
but  they  are  natives  of  Great  Britain,  though  some  of  them  have 
assumed  naturalization  in  the  United  States.  Their  quarrel  with 
Great  Britain  is  not  an  American,  but  a  British  one,  as  old,  I  sin- 
cerely hope  it  may  not  be  as  lasting,  as  the  union  of  the  United 
Kingdom.  Their  aim  is  not  American,  but  British  revolution.  In 
seeking  to  make  the  territory  of  the  United  States  a  base  for  the 
organization  of  a  republic  in  Ireland,  and  of  military  and  naval 
operations  for  its  establishment  there,  they  allege  that  they  have 
followed  as  an  example  proceedings  of  British  subjects  in  regard  to 
our  civil  war,  allowed  by  her  Majesty's  government.  The  policy 
and  proceedings  of  the  two  governments  in  regard  to  those  parallel 
movements  have  not  assimilated.  The  United  States  government 
has  not  recognized  the  Irish  republic  as  a  belligerent,  and  has 
disarmed  its  forces  when  found  within  our  territories  and  waters. 

With  regard  to  the  manner  in  which  this  protracted  controversy 
shall  be  brought  to  an  end,  we  agree  entirely  with  the  sentiments 


468  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

expressed  by  Lord  Stanley.  We  should  even  think  it  better  that  it 
be  brought  to  an  end  which  might,  perhaps,  in  some  degree  disap- 
point the  parties,  than  that  it  should  continue  to  alienate  the  two 
nations,  each  of  which  is  powerful  enough  to  injure  the  other  deeply, 
while  their  maintenance  of  conflicting  principles  in  regard  to  inter- 
vention would  be  a  calamity  to  all  nations.  The  United  States  think 
it  not  only  easier  and  more  desirable  that  Great  Britain  should 
acknowledge  and  satisfy  the  claims  for  indemnity  which  we  have 
submitted,  than  it  would  be  to  find  an  equal  and  wise  arbitrator 
who  would  consent  to  adjudicate  them.  If,  however,  her  Majesty's 
government,  for  reasons  satisfactory  to  them,  should  prefer  the 
remedy  of  arbitration,  the  United  States  would  not  object.  The 
United  States,  in  that  case,  would  expect  to  refer  the  whole  contro- 
versy just  as  it  is  found  in  the  correspondence  which  has  taken  place 
between  the  two  governments,  with  such  further  evidence  and  "argu- 
ments as  either  party  may  desire,  without  imposing  restrictions,  con- 
ditions, or  limitations  upon  the  umpire,  and  without  waiving  any 
principle  or  argument  on  either  side.  They  cannot  consent  to  waive 
any  question  upon  the  consideration  that  it  involves  a  point  of 
national  honor  ;  and,  on  the  other  hand,  they  will  not  require  that 
any  question  of  national  pride  or  honor  shall  be  expressly  ruled  and 
determined  as  such.  If  her  Majesty's  government  shall  concur  in 
these  views,  the  President  will  be  ready  to  treat  concerning  the 
choice'  of  an  umpire. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

August  12,  1867.  —  I  have  now  to  recur  to  Lord  Stanley's  des- 
patch to  Sir  Frederick  Wright  Bruce  of  the  24th  of  May,  concern- 
ing the  so-called  Alabama  claims,  a  copy  of  which  paper  he  placed 
in  my  hands  during  our  recent  visit  at  Auburn. 

You  are  authorized  to  inform  his  lordship  that  I  did  not  under- 
stand his  previous  offer  of  arbitration  to  apply  alone  to  the  claims 
arising  out  of  the  depredations  of  the  Alabama,  to  the  exclusion  of 
those  arising  out  of  the  depredations  of  the  Florida,  the  Shenan- 
doah, the  Georgia,  and  other  vessels  of  that  description  ;  and  that, 
on  the  contrary,  Lord  Stanley's  offer  of  limited  arbitration  was  un- 
derstood to  apply  equally  to  those  claims  arising  out  of  the  depreda- 
tions of  the  several  vessels  last  named  as  to  those  arising  out  of  the 
depredations  of  the  Alabama. 


BRITISH   AGGRESSIONS.  —  INDEMNITY.  469 

His  lordship  now  observes  that  the  British  government  is  ready 
to  go  to  arbitration  upon  the  question  whether,  in  the  matters  con- 
nected with  all  those  vessels  out  of  whose  depredations  the  claims 
of  American  citizens  have  arisen,  the  course  pursued  by  the  British 
government  and  those  who  acted  upon  its  authority  was  such  as 
would  involve  a  moral  responsibility  on  the  part  of  the  British 
government  to  make  good,  either  in  whole  or  in  part,  the  losses  of 
American  citizens. 

The  President  considers  these  terms  to  be  at  once  comprehensive 
and  sufficiently  precise  to  include  all  the  claims  of  American  citi- 
zens for  depredations  upon  their  commerce  during  the  late  rebellion 
which  have  been  the  subject  of  complaint  upon  the  part  of  this 
government.  But  the  United  States  government,  in  this  view, 
would  deem  itself  at  liberty  to  insist  before  the  arbiter  that  the  ac- 
tual, proceedings  itnd  relations  of  the,  British  government,  its  offi- 
cers, agents,  and  subjects,  towards  the  United  States  in  regard  to 
the  rebellion  and  the  rebels  as  they  occurred  during  that  rebellion, 
are  among  the  matters  which  are  connected  with  the  vessels  whose 
depredations  are  complained  of,  just  as  in  the  case  of  general  claims 
alluded  to  by  Lord  Stanley,  the  actual  proceedings  and  relations  of 
her  Majesty's  government,  its  officers,  agents,  and  subjects,  in  regard 
to  the  United  States  and  in  regard  to  the  rebellion  and  the  rebels, 
are  necessarily  connected  with  the  transactions  out  of  which  those 
general  claims  arose. 

Lord  Stanley's  plan  seems  to  be  to  constitute  two  descriptions  of 
tribunals  —  one  an  arbiter  to  determine  the  question  of  the  moral 
responsibility  of  the  British  government  in  respect  of  the  Alabama, 
Florida,  Georgia,  and  other  vessels  of  that  class ;  and  the  other  a 
mixed  commission  to  adjudicate  the  so-called  general  claims  of  both 
sides;  and  a  contingent  reference  to  the  same  or  other  mixed  com- 
mission, to  ascertain  and  determine  the  amount  of  damages,  for 
indemnity,  to  be  awarded  in  the  cases  examined  by  the  first  tribu- 
nal in  the  event  of  a  decision  upon  the  question  of  moral  responsi- 
bility in  favor  of  the  United  States. 

No  distinction  as  to  principle  between  the  tribunals  seems  to  the 
United  States  to  be  necessary,  and  in  every  case  the  United  States 
agree  only  to  unrestricted  arbitration.  Convenience  may  require 
that  the  claims  should  be  distributed  between  two  tribunals,  both 
of   which,  however,  in  the  opinion  of  the  United  States,  should 


470  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

proceed  upon  the  same  principles  and  be  clothed  with  the  same 
powers. 

The  President  will  be  gratified  if  this  explanation  shall  conduce 
to  remove  any  of  the  difficulties  which  have  heretofore  prevented 
the  two  governments  from  coming  to  the  amicable  and  friendly  un- 
derstanding and  arrangement  which  is  so  sincerely  desired  by  both. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Campbell.  l 

October  25,  1866.  —  You  are  aware  that  a  friendly  and  explicit 
arrangement  exists  between  this  government  and  the  Emperor  of 
France  to  the  effect  that  he  will  withdraw  his  expeditionary  mili- 
tary forces  from  Mexico  in  tliree  parts,  the  first  of  which  shall  leave 
Mexico  in  November  next,  the  second  in  March  next,  and  the  third 
in  November,  1867,  and  that  upon  the  evacuation  being  thus  com- 
pleted, the  French  government  will  immediately  come  upon  the 
ground  of  non-intervention  in  regard  to  Mexico  which  is  held  by 
the  United  States. 

Doubts  have  been  entertained  and  expressed  in  some  quarters 
upon  the  question  whether  the  French  government  will  faithfully 
execute  this  agreement.  No  such  doubts  have  been  entertained  by 
the  President,  who  has  had  repeated  and  even  recent  assurances  that 
the  complete  evacuation  of  Mexico  by  the  French  will  be  consum- 
mated at  the  periods  mentioned,  or  earlier  if  compatible  with  cli- 
matical,  military,  and  other  conditions. 

There  are  grounds  for  supposing  that  two  incidental  questions 
have  already  engaged  the  attention  of  the  French  government, 
namely :  — 

First.  Whether  it  should  not  advise  the  departure  of  the  Prince 
Maximilian  for  Austria,  to  be  made  before  the  withdrawal  of  the 
French  expedition. 

Second.  Whether  it  would  not  be  consistent  with  the  climatical, 
military,  and  other  conditions  before  mentioned  to  withdraw  the 
whole  expeditionary  force  at  once  instead  of  retiring  in  three  parts, 
and  at  different  periods. 

No  formal  communication,  however,  upon  this  subject  has  been 
made  by  the  French  Emperor  to  the  government  of  the  United 
States.  When  the  subject  has  been  incidentally  mentioned,  this 
Department,  by  direction  of  the  President,  has  replied   that   the 

1  U.  S.  Minister  to  Mexico. 


FRANCE,   MEXICO,   AND   THE   UNITED   STATES.  471 

United  States  await  the  execution  of  the  agreement  for  evacuation 
by  the  French  government  at  least  according  to  its  letter,  while 
they  would  be  gratified  if  that  agreement  could  be  executed  with 
greater  promptness  and  despatch  than  are  stipulated. 

Under  these  circumstances  the  President  expects  that  within  the 
next  month  (November)  a  portion,  at  least,  of  the  French  expedi- 
tionary forces  will  retire  from  Mexico,  and  thinks  it  not  improbable 
that  the  whole  expeditionary  force  may  be  withdrawn  at  or  about 
the  same  time.  Such  an  event  cannot  fail  to  produce  a  crisis  of 
great  political  interest  in  the  republic  of  Mexico.  It  is  important 
that  you  be  either  within  the  territories  of  that  republic,  or  in  some 
other  place  near  at  hand,  so  as  to  assume  the  exercise  of  your  func- 
tions as  minister  plenipotentiary  of  the  United  States  to  the  repub- 
lic of  Mexico. 

What  may  be  the  proceedings  of  the  Prince  Maximilian  in  the 
event  of  a  partial  or  complete  evacuation  of  Mexico,  of  course,  can- 
not now  be  certainly  foreseen.  What  may  be  the  proceedings  of 
Mr.  Juarez,  the  President  of  the  republic  of  Mexico,  in  the  same 
event,  cannot  now  be  definitely  anticipated. 

We  are  aware  of  the  existence  of  several  political  parties  in  Mex- 
ico other  than  those  at  the  head  of  which  are  President  Juarez  and 
Prince  Maximilian,  who  entertain  conflicting  views  concerning  the 
most  expedient  and  proper  mode  of  restoring  peace,  order,  and 
civil  government  in  that  republic.  We  do  not  know  what  may  be 
the  proceedings  of  those  parties  in  the  event  of  the  French  evacua- 
tion. 

Finally,  it  is  impossible  for  us  to  foresee  what  may  be  the  pro- 
ceedings of  the  Mexican  people  in  case  of  the  happening  of  the 
events  before  alluded  to.  For  these  reasons  it  is  impossible  to  give 
you  specific  directions  for  the  conduct  of  your  proceedings  in  the  dis- 
charge of  the  high  trust  which  the  government  of  the  United  States 
has  confided  to  you.  Much  must  be  left  to  your  discretion,  which 
is  to  be  exercised  according  to  the  view  you  may  take  of  political 
movements  as  they  shall  disclose  themselves  in  the  future.  There 
are,  however,  some  principles  which,  as  we  think,  may  be  safely 
laid  down  in  regard  to  the  policy  which  the  government  of  the 
United  States  will  expect  you  to  pursue.  The  first  of  these  is,  that 
as  a  representative  of  the  United  States  you  are  accredited  to  the 
republican  government  of  Mexico,  of  which  Mr.  Juarez  is  President. 


472  SELECTIONS  FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

Your  communications  as  such  representative  will  be  made  to  him 
wheresoever  he  may  be,  and  in  no  event  will  you  officially  recognize 
either  the  Prince  Maximilian,  who  claims  to  be  emperor,  or  any 
other  person,  chief,  or  combination,  as  exercising  the  executive 
authority  in  Mexico,  without  having  first  reported  to  this  Depart- 
ment and  received  instructions  from  the  President  of  the  United 
States. 

Secondly.  Assuming  that  the  French  military  and  naval  com- 
manders shall  be  engaged  in  good  faith  in  executing  the  agreement 
before  mentioned  for  the  evacuation  of  Mexico,  the  spirit  of  the  en- 
gagement on  our  part  in  relation  to  that  event  will  forbid  the  United 
States  and  their  representative  from  obstructing  or  embarrassing  the 
departure  of  the  French. 

Thirdly.  What  the  government  of  the  United  States  desires  in 
regard  to  the  future  of  Mexico  is  not  the  conquest  of  Mexico,  or 
any  part  of  it,  or  the  aggrandizement  of  the  United  States  by  pur- 
chases of  land  or  dominion,  but,  on  the  other  hand,  they  desire  to 
see  the  people  of  Mexico  relieved  from  all  foreign  military  interven- 
tion, to  the  end  that  they  may  resume  the  conduct  of  their  own 
affairs  under  the  existing  republican  government,  or  such  other 
frame  of  government  as,  being  left  in  the  enjoyment  of  perfect  lib- 
erty, they  shall  determine  to  adopt  in  the  exercise  of  their  own  free 
will,  by  their  own  free  act,  without  dictation  from  any  foreign  coun- 
try, and,  of  course,  without  dictation  from  the  United  States. 

It  results  as  a  consequence  from  these  principles  that  you  will 
enter  into  no  stipulation  with  the  French  commanders,  or  with  the 
Prince  Maximilian,  or  with  any  other  party,  which  shall  have  a 
tendency  to  counteract  or  oppose  the  administration  of  President 
Juarez,  or  to  hinder  or  delay  the  restoration  of  the  authority  of  the 
republic.  On  the  other  hand,  it  may  possibly  happen  that  the 
President  of  the  republic  of  Mexico  may  desire  the  good  offices  of 
the  United  States,  or  even  some  effective  proceedings  on  our  part, 
to  favor  and  advance  the  pacification  of  a  country  so  long  distracted 
by  foreign  invasion,  combined  with  civil  war,  and  thus  gain  time 
for  the  reestablishmcnt  of  national  authority  upon  principles  con- 
sistent with  a  republican  and  domestic  system  of  government ;  it  is 
possible,  moreover,  that  some  disposition  might  be  made  of  the  land 
and  naval  forces  of  the  United  States,  without  interfering  within 
the   jurisdiction   of  Mexico,  or  violating    the  laws  of   neutrality, 


FRANCE,   MEXICO,    AND   THE  UNITED   STATES.  473 

which  would  be  useful  in  favoring  the  restoration  of  law,  order,  and 
republican  government  in  that  country. 

You  are  authorized  to  confer  upon  this  subject  with  the  repub- 
lican government  of  Mexico,  and  its  agents,  and  also  to  confer  in- 
formally, if  you  find  it  necessary,  with  any  other  parties  or  agents, 
should  such  an  exceptional  conference  become  absolutely  necessary, 
but  not  otherwise.  You  will  by  these  means  obtain  information 
which  will  be  important  to  this  government,  and  such  information 
you  will  convey  to  this  Department,  with  your  suggestions  and 
advice  as  to  any  proceedings  on  our  part  which  can  be  adopted  in 
conformity  with  the  principles  I  have  before  laid  down. 

You  will  be  content  with  thus  referring  any  important  proposi- 
tions on  the  subject  of  reorganization  and  restoration  of  the  repub- 
lican government  in  Mexico  as  may  arise,  to  this  Department  for 
the  information  of  the  President. 

The  General  of  the  United  States  possesses  already  discretionary 
authority  as  to  the  location  of  the  forces  of  the  United  States  in 
the  vicinity  of  Mexico.  His  military  experience  will  enable  him  to 
advise  you  concerning  such  questions  as  may  arise  during  the  transi- 
tion state  of  Mexico  from  a  military  siege  by  a  foreign  enemy  to  a 
condition  of  practical  self-government.  At  the  same  time  it  will  be 
in  his  power,  being  near  the  scene  of  action,  to  issue  any  orders 
which  may  be  expedient  or  necessary  for  maintaining  the  obliga- 
tions resting  upon  the  United  States  in  regard  to  proceedings  upon 
the  borders  of  Mexico.  For  these  reasons  he  has  been  requested 
and  instructed  by  the  President  to  proceed  with  you  to  your  desti- 
nation, and  act  with  you  as  an  adviser  recognized  by  this  Depart- 
ment in  regard  to  the  matters  which  have  herein  been  discussed. 
After  conferring  with  him  you  are  at  liberty  to  proceed  to  the  city 
of  Chihuahua,  or  to  such  other  place  in  Mexico  as  may  be  the  resi- 
dence of  President  Juarez;  or  in  your  discretion  you  will  proceed 
to  any  other  place  in  Mexico,  not  held  or  occupied  at  the  time  of 
your  arrival  by  enemies  of  the  republic  of  Mexico,  or  you  will  stop 
at  any  place  in  the  United  States  or  elsewhere,  near  the  frontier  or 
coast  of  Mexico,  and  await  there  a  time  to  enter  any  portion  of 
Mexico  which  shall  hereafter  be  in  the  occupation  of  the  republican 
government  of  Mexico. 


474  SELECTIONS  FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 


Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  King. 

December  15,  1866. —  Your  despatch  of  the  26th  of  November, 
which  relates  to  the  case  of  John  H.  Surratt,  has  been  received.  I 
commend  and  thank  you  for  the  useful  and  very  interesting  details 
concerning  the  ways  of  that  offender  which  you  have  given  me. 
Among  the  papers  which  accompany  the  despatch  is  a  memoran- 
dum, which  is  inscribed  "A  copy"  and  the  text  of  which  is  as 
follows :  — 

'*  About  twelve  months  ago  Surratt  came  to  Rome,  under  the  name  of  Watson. 
In  Canada  he  procured  letters  from  some  priest  to  friends  in  England.  Having 
left  England  for  Rome,  he  got  letters  for  some  people  here,  among  others  for 
Rev.  Dr.  Neane,  rector  of  the  English  college.  Being  detained  for  some  days  at 
Civita  Vecchia,  and  having  no  money  to  pay  expenses  there,  he  wrote  to  Dr. 
Neane,  from  whom  he  received  fifty  (50)  francs.  On  his  arrival  here  he  went  to 
the  English  college,  where  he  lived  for  some  time.  After  that  he  entered  the 
Papal  service." 

Rome,  November  25. 

The  paper  bears  no  signature.  The  only  information  you  give 
me  from  which  to  determine  its  authenticity  is,  that  you  have 
received  it  from  good  authority.  I  do  not  know  that  the  statement 
thus  recited  would  in  any  case  have  any  value.  Certainly,  unau- 
thenticated,  it  can  be  of  no  use  other  than  to  awaken  curiosity.  I 
think  you  ought  to  have  given  the  authority  to  which  you  allude. 
I  am  aware  that  the  person  who  imparted  the  information  to  you 
may  probably  have  given  it  to  you  as  confidential,  and  that  he 
might  even  have  declined  to  give  it  to  you  at  all  if  you  had  not 
agreed  to  receive  it  under  an  injunction  of  secrecy.  Such  an 
injunction  neither  you  nor  I  have  in  any  case  a  right  to  accept. 
We  are  agents  of  the  President,  in  whom  the  whole  executive 
power  of  the  United  States  is  vested.  Clearly  the  information 
contained  in  the  paper  was  designed  for  him,  and  not  for  yourself 
or  for  me  personally.  No  one  can  rightfully  claim  to  impose  upon 
us  an  injunction  to  conceal  from  the  President  facts  which  concern 
the  public  safety  and  welfare.  I  have  acted  upon  the  principle 
which  I  thus  inculcate  throughout  all  the  excitement  of  a  civil  war. 
Better  to  reject  all  information  whatever  than  to  receive  it  with 
limitation  inconsistent  with  official  duty.  What  1  have  written  is 
not  to  be  taken,  however,  as  conveying  censure  for  the  past,  but 
rather  as  an  instruction  for  the  future. 


ALABAMA   CLAIMS.  —  DELAY.  475 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Adams. 

March  28,  1867. —  I  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  despatch  of 
the  8th  of  March,  in  which  you  give  me,  briefly,  what  is  evidently 
very  accurate,  as  it  is  important,  information  concerning  the  recent 
disturbances  in  Ireland.  I  avail  myself  of  that  information  for  the 
purpose  of  conferring  with  you  informally  and  confidentially  upon 
the  condition  of  affairs  between  this  government  and  that  of  Great 
Britain. 

I  think  myself  not  only  entitled  to  assume,  but  bound  to  assume, 
that  a  chronic  sedition  is  existing  in  Ireland ;  that,  as  occasion  shall 
offer,  the  late  disturbances  are  not  unlikely  to  be  renewed,  espe- 
cially if  there  shall  be  a  continued  agitation  of  political  questions  in 
Great  Britain.  I  assume  it  to  be  possible  that  somewhere  and  at 
some  time  a  seditious  party  in  Ireland  may  proclaim  an  organized 
insurrection  with  a  show  of  delegated  authority  from  some  portions 
of  the  Irish  people.  Such  a  proceeding  is  intensely  expected  by 
many  citizens  of  the  United  States.  That  expectation  excites  a 
profound  sympathy  among  adopted  citizens  of  Irish  birth  and  their 
descendants.  It  is  equally  manifest  that  the  sympathy  of  the  whole 
American  people  goes  with  such  movements,  for  the  reason  that 
there  is  a  habitual  jealousy  of  British  proximity  across  our  northern 
border,  and  especially  for  the  reason  that  this  nation  indulges  a  pro- 
found sense  that  it  sustained  great  injury  from  the  sympathy  ex- 
tended in  Great  Britain  to  the  rebels  during  our  civil  war.  The 
country  has  hoped  and  expected  that  in  some  way  our  com- 
plaints against  Great  Britain  in  that  respect  would  be  satisfac- 
torily adjusted.  It  has  been  content  to  wait  until  now  for  that 
consummation. 

But  there  are,  on  the  other  hand,  important  classes  of  our  people 
whose  patience  in  this  respect  is  becoming  exhausted.  The  House 
of  Representatives,  in  the  first  session  of  the  late  Congress,  with 
entire  unanimity  passed  a  bill  to  alter  our  neutrality  laws  so  as  to 
accommodate  them  to  the  standard  of  neutrality  which  they  under- 
stood was  maintained  during  our  civil  war  by  Great  Britain.  The 
senate  did  not  concur,  and  so  the  bill  failed.  There  are,  however, 
unmistakable  indications  that  the  sentiments  which  controlled  the 
action  of  the  House  of  Representatives  are  now  gaining  favor  in  the 
other  branch  of  Congress}  as  well  as  among  the  people. 


476  SELECTIONS   F?wOM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

It  is  to  be  expected  that  time  will  add  to  the  strength  of  the 
interest  which  demands  that  projected  modification  of  our  neutral- 
ity laws;  because,  first,  the  sense  of  injury  is  intensified  by  the 
delay  of  negotiations  ;  and  because,  secondly,  many  ship-builders 
and  other  merchants  of  the  United  States  are  now  earnestly  taking 
part  in  the  question.  I  give  you  copies  of  certain  resolutions  just 
now  adopted  in  the  House  of  Representatives  bearing  upon  our 
relations  with  Great  Britain. 

Lord  Stanley  proposes  an  arbitration  of  the  Alabama  claims,  with 
a  preliminary  condition  that  technical  definitions  shall  be  first  given 
to  the  questions  to  be  submitted. 

In  that  form  his  offer  cannot  be  accepted,  because  it  would  per- 
mit a  belief  here  that  what  are  deemed  just  claims,  absolutely  en- 
titled to  redress,  might  be  defeated  by  forms  obstructive  of  a  fair 
and  full  examination.  On  the  other  hand,  what  had  been  offered 
on  our  side  is  as  fair  and  as  liberal  as  Congress  or  the  nation  could 
be  expected  to  sustain. 

Time  seems  to  me  to  have  already  become  an  important  element 
in  the  question  of  adjustment.  If  delays  are  continued,  it  may 
perhaps  pass  beyond  the  reach  of  settlement  by  a  friendly  corre- 
spondence. 

While  writing  this  I  am  not  to  be  understood  as  insisting  that  my 
views  in  regard  to  the  situation  in  Great  Britain  are  altogether  cor- 
rect. I  may,  indeed,  entirely  misunderstand  the  situation  there. 
Nor  am  I  unmindful  of  the  critical  nature  of  the  political  debates 
which  are  now  occupying  the  attention  of  her  Majesty's  ministers. 
It  is  not  the  President's  desire  to  do  anything  which  would  be  or 
would  even  seem  to  be  unfriendly  to  Great  Britain.  At  the  same 
time  I  think  it  important  that  the  ministry  shall  understand  the 
increasing  delicacy  of  the  question  as  it  stands  in  the  United  States. 
Your  excellent  judgment  will  enable  you  to  determine  whether  any 
and  what  part  of  what  I  have  said  can  be  made  known  to  Lord 
Stanley,  with  a  hope  of  good  effect.  If  such  a  communication  in 
any  form  shall  be  expedient,  then  the  selection  of  the  time  and 
manner  in  which  it  shall  be  made  is  also  left  to  your  discretion. 
Will  you  take  the  matter  in  hand  and  act  in  regard  to  it  as  shall 
seem  best,  giving  me  at  least  the  result  of  your  reflections. 


UNSETTLED   QUESTIONS   CONSIDERED.  477 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Campbell. 

Aprilb,  1867. — The  capture  of  the  Prince  Maximilian  at  Que- 
retaro,  by  the  republican  armies  of  Mexico,  seems  probable.  The 
reported  severity  practised  upon  the  prisoners  taken  at  Zacatecas 
excites  apprehensions  that  similar  severity  may  be  practised  in  the 
case  of  the  Prince  and  his  alien  troops.  Such  severities  would  be 
injurious  to  the  national  cause  of  Mexico,  and  to  the  republican 
system  throughout  the  world. 

You  will  communicate  to  President  Juarez,  promptly  and  by 
effectual  means,  the  desire  of  this  government,  that  in  case  of  his 
capture  the  Prince  and  his  supporters  may  receive  the  humane  treat- 
ment accorded  by  civilized  nations  to  prisoners  of  war. 

The  expense  of  making  the  communication  to  President  Juarez 
will  be  defrayed  by  this  Department. 

Mr.  Seward  to  Mr.  Johnson} 

July  20,  1868.  —  It  is  a  truism  that  commercial  and  industrial 
interests  continually  exert  a  powerful  influence  in  favor  of  peace 
and  friendship  between  the  government  and  people  of  the  United 
States  and  Great  Britain.  Intimate  consanguinity,  together  with 
ft  nearly  entire  community  of  language  and  a  very  considerable 
community  of  political  and  religious  principles,  ideas,  and  senti- 
ments, work  in  the  same  direction.  On  all  occasions  when  the 
moral  sentiment  of  mankind  is  moved  in  favor  of  national  regen- 
eration or  other  political  reform  in  any  part  of  the  world,  a  very 
cordial  sympathy  and  regard  to  such  advances  in  civilization  is 
found  to  exist  between  the  two  countries.  This  mutual,  friendly 
disposition  between  the  two  nations  manifests  itself  more  strongly 
now  than  at  any  former  period.  Nevertheless,  there  are  some  con- 
troversies which  have  heretofore  unavoidably  arisen  out  of  differ- 
ence of  administration  in  the  two  governments  —  controversies 
which  are  of  lasting  importance,  and  which  have  become  chronic  in 
their  character.  An  urgent  necessity  exists  for  the  settlement  of 
one  or  more  of  them.  A  reference  to  the  records  of  the  legation  in 
London  will  disclose  them,  and  explain  the  circumstances  which 
have  hitherto  prevented  their  adjustment,  notwithstanding  the  great 
zeal  and  efficiency  with  which  your  distinguished  predecessor,  Mr. 
Adams,  has  carried  out  the  instructions  of  this  Department. 

1  Keverdy  Johnson,  D.  S.  Minister,  etc. 


478  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

The  so-called  naturalization  question  is  the  one  which  first  and 
most  urgently  requires  attention.  The  political  institutions  of  the 
United  States  may  in  one  sense  be  said  to  have  for  their  foundation 
the  principle  of  the  right  of  individual  men  in  any  country,  who 
are  neither  accused  nor  convicted  of  crime,  to  change  their  homes 
and  allegiance  according  to  the  dictates  of  their  own  judgments  and 
consciences  and  the  inspiration  of  their  individual  desires  for  lib- 
erty and  happiness. 

On  the  contrary,  the  British  government  have  always  held  in 
theory,  and  still  adhere  to  the  principle,  that  native  allegiance  to 
the  British  Crown  is  indefeasible  without  the  express  consent  of  the 
sovereign.  A  practical  application  of  this  ancient  theory  in  cases 
of  belligerent  right  of  search  was,  as  you  are  well  aware,  one  of  the 
principal  causes  of  the  war  of  1812  between  the  United  States  and 
Great  Britain.  Without  reaching  a  formal  decision  in  the  treaty  of 
peace,  the  question  was  suffered  to  fall  into  abeyance,  and,  until 
quite  recently,  it  seemed  to  have  become  obsolete. 

Chronic  political  disaffection  in  Ireland  has  survived  all  the  paci- 
fying efforts  of  administration  in  Great  Britain,  of  whatever  kind. 
It  frequently  manifests  itself  there  in  turbulence  and  insurrection. 
Recently  those  discontents  have  been  so  great  that  Parliament  has 
made  new  penal  enactments,  and  has  kept  the  habeas  corpus  sus- 
pended in  Ireland  for  a  period  which  has  now  reached  the  duration 
of  two  years  and  five  months.  On  the  other  hand,  a  great  and  con- 
tinuous emigration,  which  has  removed  large  masses  of  its  popula- 
tion to  the  United  States,  has  seemed  to  abate  the  forces  of  popular 
resistance  to  the  authority  of  Great  Britain  in  that  country.  The 
large  masses  of  population  thus  received  into  the  United  States 
from  Ireland,  with  their  descendants,  constitute  no  inconsiderable 
part  of  our  own  population  in  every  State  and  Territory  of  the 
American  Republic.  Most  of  the  Irish  immigrants  and  their  de- 
scendants have  availed  themselves  of  our  naturalization  laws,  and 
have  thus  become  citizens.  While  the  new  interests  which  they 
have  thus  acquired  as  citizens  of  the  United  States  are  paramount, 
they  retain  strong  feelings  and  sentiments  of  attachment  to  their 
native  country,  or  at  least  of  sympathy  in  its  interest  and  welfare 
—  so  true  it  is  that  those  who  remove  from  one  country  to  another 
do  not,  with  a  change  of  skies,  altogether  change  their  native  dis- 
positions.    It  happens,  therefore,  that  every  considerable  surg.^  of 


UNSETTLED   QUESTIONS   CONSIDERED.  479 

popular  discontent  that  disturbs  the  peace  of  Great  Britain  affects 
that  portion  of  our  people  who  have  derived  their  descent  from  Ire- 
land, and  this  emotion,  in  no  inconsiderable  degree,  affects  by  sym- 
pathy the  whole  population  of  the  United  States. 

Great  Britain  is  understood  to  acknowledge  that  this  govern- 
ment maintains  its  neutrality  in  this  trial  with  due  decision  and 
energy.  The  maintenance  of  this  neutrality,  however,  is  attended 
with  so  much  difficulty  and  inconvenience  as  to  entitle  us  to  the 
exercise  of  a  corresponding  justice  and  liberality  on  the  part  of 
Great  Britain.  As  naturalized  citizens  of  the  United  States,  Irishmen 
and  their  descendants  have  a  right  to  visit  Great  Britain,  and  to  be 
safe  in  their  persons  and  property  there  so  long  as  they  practise 
due  submission  to  the  authority  of  Great  Britain,  the  same  as  na- 
tive citizens  of  the  United  States.  When,  however,  a  naturalized 
citizen  of  Irish  birth  or  descent,  transiently  visiting  Great  Britain, 
is  arrested  or  questioned  under  the  acts  suspending  the  habeas 
corpus,  or  by  warrant  or  other  form  of  complaint  in  judicial  pro- 
ceedings, and  thereupon  claims  the  rights  of  citizens  of  the  United 
States,  he  is  met  in  the  courts  of  that  country  with  a  denial  of  the 
validity  of  his  naturalization,  and  with  the  assertion  that  his  allegi- 
ance to  the  sovereign  of  Great  Britain  continues  unbroken.  This 
theory  is  especially  maintained  in  judicial  tribunals  in  that  country, 
first,  as  a  ground  for  denying  to  the  naturalized  citizen  of  Irish 
birth  or  extraction  a  trial  by  jury  de  medietate  linguce,  which  is 
extended  by  statute  to  all  foreigners ;  and  also  by  the  pretence 
that  he  is  especially  amenable  in  British  courts  for  political  opin- 
ions and  conduct  maintained  or  pursued  while  in  the  United  States, 
the  land  of  his  adoption. 

It  ought  not  to  have  been  at  any  time  a  matter  of  surprise  to  her 
Majesty's  government,  that  these  invidious  discriminations  in  Brit- 
ish tribunals  between  two  classes  of  citizens  of  the  United  States, 
who  stand  upon  one  common  platform  under  our  own  laws,  con- 
tinually engenders  suspicion  of  prejudice  and  injustice.  If  these 
suspicions  are  suffered  to  continue  and  increase  with  the  progress 
of  political  agitation  in  Great  Britain,  it  must  sooner  or  later  result 
in  an  extensive  and  profound  alienation  of  the  two  countries. 

The  President  has  frequently  and  urgently  appealed  to  the  Brit- 
ish government  to  remove  the  cause  of  embarrassment  which  I  have 
described  —  an  embarrassment  which,  on  the  one  hand,  is  produc- 
tive of  no  conceivable  benefit  to  the  British  nation,  while,  on  the 


480  SELECTIONS   FROM   DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE. 

other,  it  hinders  all  attempts  to  retain  in  the  United  States  senti- 
ments of  cordiality  and  friendship  towards  Great  Britain. 

The  British  government  announces  to  us  that  it  is  disposed  to 
remove  this  embarrassment  by  accepting  the  principle  of  the  valid- 
ity of  our  laws  of  naturalization  in  regard  to  British  subjects. 
This  announcement  is  gratifying  to  the  United  States ;  but  the 
delay  which  the  British  government  makes  in  carrying  the  purpose 
into  effect  leaves  our  relations  even  in  a  worse  condition  than  be- 
fore. It  is  manifest  that  the  purpose  can  be  carried  into  effect  only 
by  some  act  of  Parliament  or  by  a  negotiation  between  the  two 
countries.  Parliament  does  not  enact  the  necessary  law,  nor  has 
the  executive  government,  on  the  other  hand,  thus  far  been  willing 
to  negotiate  the  necessary  treaty.  Her  Majesty's  government  is 
understood  to  be  diligently  engaged  in  examining  the  subject,  with 
a  view  to  determine  the  proper  details  for  an  enactment  or  treaty. 
While  the  United  States  cannot  object  that  such  an  examination 
is  necessary,  they  are  embarrassed  by  the  procrastination  with  which 
it  is  conducted. 

You  will  address  yourself  to  this  as  the  most  important  question 
requiring  attention  on  your  arrival  in  London.  You  will  frankly 
state  to  Lord  Stanley  that,  until  this  difficulty  shall  be  removed,  it 
is  believed  by  the  President  that  any  attempt  to  settle  any  of  the 
existing  controversies  between  the  two  countries  would  be  unavail- 
ing, and  therefore  inexpedient. 

If  her  Majesty's  government  should  conclude  to  negotiate  a  nat- 
uralization treaty,  the  treaties  which  have  been  recently  celebrated 
between  the  United  States  and  North  Germany,  the  United  States 
and  Bavaria,  and  the  United  States  and  Wurtemberg,  furnish  the 
basis  upon  which  this  government  would  be  ready  to  adjust  the 
controversy.1 

Secondly.  In  case  her  Majesty's  government  shall  adopt  the  re- 
quired measures  to  adjust  the  naturalization  question,  you  will  next 
be  expected  to  give  your  attention  to  the  adjustment  of  the  northwest 
boundary  controversy,  which  involves  the  right  of  national  domin- 
ion and  property  over  the  island  of  San  Juan,  on  the  frontier  line 
between  the  United  States  and  British  Columbia.  It  is  understood 
that  on  the  breaking  out  of  the  recent  civil  war  in  the  United  States 
this  boundary  question  was  on  the  eve  of  being  arranged,  by  refer- 
ring it   to  an  impartial  and  friendly  arbiter.      The  question  is  in- 

1  See  President  Hayes'  Message,  December  3, 1877. 


UNSETTLED   QUESTIONS   CONSIDERED.  481 

creasing  in  urgency  with  the  growing  settlement  and  population  of 
the  northwest,  and  with  the  multiplication  of  causes  of  litigation 
within  the  disputed  territory.  The  United  States  still  remain  in 
a  disposition  favorable  to  the  process  of  adjustment  originally  con- 
templated. 

Thirdly.  If  you  shall  find  reason  to  expect  that  the  British  govern- 
ment will  be  prepared  to  adjust  the  two  questions  already  mentioned 
in  some  such  manner  as  has  been  proposed,  and  satisfactory  to  both 
parties,  you  will  then  be  expected  to  advert  to  the  subject  of  mutual 
claims  of  citizens  and  subjects  of  the  two  countries  against  the 
government  of  each  other  respectively. 

The  difficulty  in  this  respect  has  arisen  out  of  our  claims  which 
are  known  and  described  in  general  terms  as  the  Alabama  claims. 
In  the  first  place,  her  Majesty's  government  not  only  denied  all 
national  obligation  to  indemnify  citizens  of  the  United  States  for 
these  claims,  but  even  refused  to  entertain  them  for  discussion. 
Subsequently  her  Majesty's  government,  upon  reconsideration,  pro- 
posed to  entertain  them  for  the  purpose  of  referring  them  to  arbi- 
tration, but  insisted  upon  making  them  the  subject  of  special  ref- 
erence, excluding  from  the  arbitrator's  consideration  certain  grounds 
which  the  United  States  deem  material  to  a  just  and  fair  determina- 
tion of  the  merits  of  the  claims.  The  United  States  declined  this 
special  exception  and  exclusion,  and  thus  the  proposed  arbitration 
has  failed. 

It  seems  to  the  President  that  an  adjustment  might  now  be 
reached  without  formally  reviewing  former  discussions.  A  joint 
commission  might  be  agreed  upon  for  the  adjustment  of  all  claims 
of  citizens  of  the  United  States  against  the  British  government,  and 
of  all  claims  of  subjects  of  Great  Britain  against  the  United  States, 
upon  the  model  of  the  Joint  Commission  of  February  8, 1853,  which 
commission  was  conducted  with  so  much  fairness  and  settled  so  sat- 
isfactorily all  the  controversies  which  had  arisen  between  the  United 
States  and  Great  Britain,  from  the  peace  of  Ghent,  1814,  until  the 
date  of  the  sitting  of  the  convention. 

While  you  are  not  authorized  to  commit  this  government  dis- 
tinctly by  such  a  proposition,  you  may  sound  Lord  Stanley  upon 
the  subject  after  you  shall  have  obtained  satisfactory  assurances  that 
the  two  more  urgent  controversies  previously  mentioned  can  be  put 
under  process  of  adjustment  in  the  manner  which  I  have  indicated. 

31 


OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES 


MISCELLANEOUS  PAPERS. 


OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 


THE   PROGRESS   OF  THE   WAR. 
THE   FALL  OF   VICKSBURG. 

Washington,  July  7,  1863. 

Remarks  made  by  Secretary  Seward  in  Washington,  on  Tuesday  night,  after 
the  reception  of  the  news  of  the  fall  of  Vicksbnrg. 

When  I  saw  a  commotion  upheaving  in  the  state,  I  thought  it 
consistent  with  the  duty  of  a  patriot  and  a  Christian  to  avert  the 
civil  war  if  it  was  possible,  and  I  tried  to  do  so.  If  this  was  a  weak- 
ness, I  found  what  seemed  an  instruction  excusing  it  in  the  prayer 
of  our  Saviour,  that  the  cup,  the  full  bitterness  of  which  was  under- 
stood by  himself  alone,  might  pass.  But  I  found,  also,  an  instruc- 
tion in  regard  to  my  duty  in  his  resignation  :  "  Nevertheless,  not 
my  will  but  thine  be  done."  When  it  was  clear  that  without  fault 
on  your  part  or  mine  the  civil  war  was  inevitable,  I  then  thought  it 
consistent  with  the  duty  of  a  patriot  and  a  Christian  to  take  care 
that  the  war  should  be  begun  not  by  the  friends  of  the  Union,  but 
by  its  enemies,  so  that  in  maintaining  the  Union  we  should  not 
only  maintain  the  cause  of  our  country,  but  should  be  maintaining 
it  in  righteous  self-defence.  Aggression,  unjust  aggression,  is  in 
every  case  weakness.  Self-defence  in  a  righteous  cause  is  the 
strongest  attitude  that  an  individual  or  a  nation  can  have.  The 
weakest  nation  may  resist  a  powerful  adversary,  while  it  occupies 
an  attitude  of  self-defence.  Powerful  nations  have  been  shivered 
in  making  an  unprovoked  attack  upon  one  infinitely  weaker  than 
themselves. 

I  thought,  further,  that  it  was  consistent  with  my  duty  as  a 
patriot  and  a  Christian  to  do  what  was  in  my  power  to  render  the 
war  as  light  in  its  calamities  and  as  short  in  its  duration  as  possible. 


486  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

Therefore,  I  proposed  to  retain  on  the  side  of  the  loyal  states  as 
many  of  the  states  which  were  disturbed  by  elements  of  sedition  as 
could  be  retained  by  a  course  of  calm  and  judicious  conduct.  I 
would  have  had,  if  possible,  the  insurrection  confined  to  the  seven 
original  so-called  seceding  states.  When  all  these  conditions  had 
been  secured,  so  far  as  was  possible  to  secure  them,  I  thought  still 
further  that  it  was  consistent  with  my  duty  as  a  patriot  and  a 
Christian  to  combine  the  loyal  states  and  consolidate  them  into  one 
party  for  the  Union,  because  I  knew  that  disunion  had  effectually 
combined  the  people  of  the  disloyal  states  to  overthrow  the  Union. 
I  thought  that  this  could  be  done  only  through  the  sacrifice  of  indi- 
vidual and  state  and  sectional  opinions,  interests,  prejudices  and 
ambitions. 

A  nation  cannot  be  saved  from  death  whose  individual  citizens 
lack  the  virtue  to  make  these  sacrifices.  Unwilling  to  ask  of  my 
fellow-citizens  sacrifices  I  had  not  the  resolution  to  make  myself,  I 
determined  not  to  wait  until  I  should  be  called  upon  to  make  them. 
I  said,  "I  give  up  myself,  my  family,  my  friends,  my  party,  all  that 
I  have  laid  up  of  character  in  the  past,  all  the  interests  that  I  now 
possess,  and  all  the  future  that  I  have  thought  was  in  store  for  me. 
I  take  for  my  associate  and  leader  the  first  brave  and  disinterested 
man  who  leads  the  way,  and  I  follow  his  guidance  and  share  his 
fortunes."  I  found  a  leader  in  Andrew  Johnson,  of  Tennessee,  a 
man  who  tolerated  and  excused,  if  he  did  not  justify  slavery;  and 
as  all  the  world  knew  that  I  then  abhorred  and  detested  it,  and  as 
God  knows  I  abhor  and  detest  it  now,  I  said,  "  The  country  shall  be 
saved  by  the  republican  party  if  it  will,  by  the  democratic  party  if 
it  choose,  without  slavery  if  it  is  possible,  with  slavery  if  it  must." 

Once  engaged  in  the  contest,  I  was  prepared  to  demand,  as  I 
have  demanded  ever  since,  that  no  treasure,  no  amount  of  human 
life  necessary  to  save  the  nation's  life,  should  be  withheld.  I 
thought  that  the  war  might  be  ended  in  three  months  —  in  six 
months  — in  a  year — and  I  labored  to  that  end.  But,  as  you 
will  all  recollect,  I  said  that  it  was  the  people,  and  not  any  one 
man  or  any  combination  of  men,  that  could  bring  it  to  an  end, 
then  or  ever,  and  the  people  could  only  do  it  by  showing  so 
much  zeal,  determination  and  consistency,  as  would  not  only  keep 
envious,  or  interested,  or  ambitious  foreign  nations  aloof  from  the 
battle,  but  should  make  it  their  obvious  interest  to  frown  upon 


THE  FALL   OF   VICKSBTJRG.  487 

and  discourage  the  insurrection.  We  failed  to  make  that  exhibi- 
tion, and  so  the  war  has  been  protracted  into  its  third  year,  through 
the  encouragement  and  aid  the  insurrection  has  received  from  the 
fears  or  the  listlessness  of  portions  of  our  own  people,  and  the  in- 
fluences of  the  enemies  of  the  Republic  and  of  human  freedom 
throughout  the  world.  It  was  doubtless  ordained  that  it  should  be 
so  and  therefore  it  may  be  believed  that  it  was  best  that  it  should 
be  so,  although  we  may  be  allowed  to  indulge  our  sorrows  over  the 
augmented  sum  of  miseries  which  the  war  has  inflicted  upon  the 
land. 

I  say  it  is  perhaps  best,  because  I  think  this  ought  to  be  the  last 
insurrection  in  the  United  States  —the  last  effort  ever  made  to  dis- 
solve the  Union.  The  more  suffering  that  attends  this  attempt,  the 
less  likely  it  is  to  be  repeated. 

But  we  have  reached,  I  think,  the  culminating  point  at  last ;  we 
have  ascertained  the  amount  of  sacrifice  which  is  necessary  to  save 
the  Union,  and  the  country  is  prepared  to  make  it.  The  force  of 
secession  is  exhausted.  There  are  no  more  states  to  go  into  the 
insurrection.  The  insurrectionary  states  have  no  more  soldiers  to 
bring  into  the  conflict.  On  the  other  hand,  in  the  loyal  states  the 
plow  has  twice  passed  through  the  ground,  and  each  time  it  has 
yielded  the  necessary  harvest  of  defenders  of  the  Union.  The  sub- 
soil is  deep,  and  is  as  rich  in  the  elements  of  military  strength  and 
virtue  as  that  which  has  already  been  twice  furrowed.  It  is  for  the 
disloyal  citizens  to  decide  whether  they  will  give  up  the  contest 
now  or  abide  a  further  and  more  conclusive  trial. 

Vicksburg  fell  on  the  fourth  of  July,  and  Port  Hudson,  I  do  not 
doubt,  will  fall  before  the  fourth  of  August.  When  both  have 
fallen,  the  United  States  are  the  masters  of  the  Mississippi.  The 
power  that  navigates  the  Mississippi  dominates  in  North  America, 
and  makes  a  division  of  the  United  States  of  America  impossible. 
Then  I  think  that  Rosecrans  either  has  by  this  time,  or  soon  will 
have,  occupied  the  mountain  passes  of  East  Tennessee ;  and  thus, 
by  the  two  successes,  the  new  slave  Confederation  becomes  divided 
into  four  separate,  disconnected  territories.  What  kind  of  a  Con- 
federation will  that  be? — a  chain  broken  into  four  fragments;  and 
this  is  only  the  beginning.  Texas,  west  of  the  Mississippi,  detached 
from  the  Confederation  by  the  Mississippi ;  and  territories  east  of 
the  Alleghany  Mountains,  separated  from  the  Gulf  States  by  the 


488  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

Federal  occupation  of  East  Tennessee,  will  be  followed  by  new  and 
inevitable  cases  of  fracture. 

You  have  already  seen  Missouri  detach  herself  from  the  Con- 
federacy. Next  you  will  see  Arkansas  come  into  Congress,  as  you 
have  already  seen  Louisiana  come  there.  On  this  side  of  the  Mis- 
sissippi look  sharply  at  the  Old  North  State,  and  you  will  see  her 
preparing  to  return  into  the  Union.  A  strange  kind  of  Confeder- 
ate State  will  be  seen  existing  between  what  remains  to  the  insur- 
gents of  Virginia  and  South  Carolina.  Two  slices  of  secession 
bread  made  into  a  sandwich  by  the  intervening  slice  of  North 
Carolina  ham,  with  its  copious  condiment  of  Union  mustard.  My 
friends,  we  have  seen  a  painful  sight.  We  have  seen  thirteen  stars 
of  this  glorious  constellation  shoot  in  blood  and  fire  from  their 
spheres.  We  are  now  to  see  a  phenomenon  that  will  compensate 
us  for  all  the  pain  the  former  spectacle  has  given  us. 

We  are  to  see  each  one  of  those  stars  coming  back  from  its  wan- 
dering through  a  chaos  of  consuming  anaixhy,  and  take  its  place  in 
the  firmament,  to  fall  from  thence,  I  trust,  no  more  for  ever.  I  am 
sure  of  this,  because  even  in  the  darkest  night  of  our  troubles,  I  have 
known  two  things  —  first,  that  these  stars  could  not  be  altogether 
extinguished,  and,  second,  that  the  attraction  which  brought  them 
originally  together,  however  weakened,  cannot  be  utterly  broken. 
Do  not  go  away  with  the  impression  that  all  these  things  are  to 
come  to  pass  without  further  performance  of  duty,  and  further 
sacrifice.  The  Union  is  to  be  saved  after  all  only  by  human  efforts, 
by  the  efforts  of  the  people.  These  efforts  are  to  be  made  in  two 
forms  —  you  must  vote  for  the  Union  through  all  discouragements 
and  alarms  and  complaints,  whether  those  in  whom  you  have  re- 
posed confidence  are  wise  or  unwise,  competent  or  incompetent,  suc- 
cessful or  unsuccessful ;  and  yet  you  must  fight  for  the  Union, 
never  retreating  or  giving  ground  before  the  enemy. 

You  must  be  prepared  to  do  more.  You  must  maintain  your 
ground  here  in  this  capital.  When  the  rebellion  ceases,  let  it  find 
us  here,  to  celebrate  the  salvation  of  our  country.  If  the  capital 
must  fall  before  it  can  be  saved,  which  I  have  always  thought  un- 
necessary, and  which  now  seems  impossible,  even  in  that  case,  let 
us  be  buried  amid  its  ruins.  For  myself,  this  is  my  resolution.  If 
tlie  people  of  the  United  States  have  virtue  enough  to  save  the 
Union,  I  shall  have  their  virtue.  If  they  have  not,  then  it  shall  be 
my  reward  that  my  virtue  excelled  that  of  my  countrymen. 


SPEECH  AT   GETTYSBURG.  489 

If  I  fall  here,  let  no  kinsman  or  friend  remove  my  dust  to  a  more 
hospitable  grave.  Let  it  be  buried  under  the  pavements  of  the 
Avenue,  and  let  the  chariot  wheels  of  those  who  have  destroyed 
the  liberties  of  my  country  rattle  over  my  bones  until  a  more 
heroic  and  worthy  generation  shall  recall  that  country  to  life,  liberty, 
and  independence.  As  this  shall  be  my  only  reward,  living  or 
dying,  for  whatever  I  may  be  able  to  do  for  the  deliverance  of  my 
country  from  danger,  so,  on  the  other  hand,  that  country  may  visit 
me  with  whatever  censure  or  reproach  for  shortcomings  may  seem 
to  it  just,  but  the  world  shall  never  hear  a  word  of  complaint  issue 
from  my  lips. 

This  is  my  resolution.  Now,  fellow  citizens,  for  yours.  What 
should  that  be  ?  That  resolution  must  be  that  you  will  not  wait  for 
draft  or  conscription.  Ask  not  whether  the  enemy  is  near,  or 
whether  he  is  far  off.  Ask  only,  is  there  still  an  enemy  in  arms 
against  the  United  States — a  domestic  one  or  a  foreign  one?  — 
array  yourselves  to  meet  that  enemy.  Thus,  when  this  insurgent 
enemy  renews  the  desolation  of  your  country,  or  a  foreign  enemy 
proposes  to  intervene,  your  answer  for  both  is  ready.  I  will  write 
it  down  and  deliver  it  for  you,  as  heretofore.  Do  you  only  stand 
ready  to  maintain  it,  and  if  I  can  do  more  service  in  the  ranks  than 
I  can  in  being  your  organ,  I  will  enroll  myself  with  you.  The  flag 
of  the  Union  must  wave,  not  only  in  the  capital  and  in  the  free 
states,  so-called,  and  on  the  Mississippi,  but  must  go  through  the 
Union  until  not  one  disloyal  citizen  remains  in  arms  to  oppose  it. 


SPEECH  AT  GETTYSBURG. 

November  18,  18G3. 
In  the  afternoon  of  the  18th  of  November,  1863,  the  President  and  the  distin- 
guished personages  accompanying  him  arrived  at  Gettysburg,  to  attend  the  con- 
secration of  the  National  Cemetery.  In  the  course  of  the  evening,  the  President 
and  Secretary  of  State  were  serenaded,  and  the  following  remarks  were  made  by 
Mr.  Seward  in  response  to  the  call  :  — 

Fellow-Citizens  :  I  am  now  sixty  years  old  and  upward ;  I 
have  been  in  public  life,  practically,  forty  years  of  that  time,  and  yet 
this  is  the  first  time  that  ever  any  people  or  community  so  near  to  the 
border  of  Maryland  was  found  willing  to  listen  to  my  voice  ;  and  the 


490  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

reason  was  that  I  saw,  forty  years  ago,  that  slavery  was  opening  be- 
fore this  people  a  graveyard  that  was  to  be  filled  with  brothers  falling 
in  mutual  political  combat.  I  knew  that  the  cause  that  was  hurrying 
the  Union  into  this  dreadful  strife  was  slavery  ;  and  when  during 
all  the  intervening  period  I  elevated  my  voice,  it  was  to  warn  the 
people  to  remove  that  cause  while  they  could  by  constitutional 
means,  and  so  avert  the  catastrophe  of  civil  war  which  has  fallen 
upon  the  nation.  I  am  thankful  that  you  are  willing  to  hear  me  at 
hist.  I  thank  my  God  that  I  believe  this  strife  is  going  to  end  in 
the  removal  of  that  evil  which  ought  to  have  been  removed  by 
deliberate  councils  and  peaceful  means.  I  thank  my  God  for  the 
hope  that  this  is  the  last  fratricidal  war  which  will  fall  upon  the 
country  which  is  vouchsafed  to  us  by  Heaven,  —  the  richest,  the 
broadest,  the  most  beautiful,  the  most  magnificent,  and  capable  of  a 
great  destiny,  that  has  ever  been  given  to  any  part  of  the  human 
race.  And  I  thank  Him  for  the  hope  that  when  that  cause  is 
removed,  simply  by  the  operation  of  abolishing  it,  as  the  origin  and 
agent  of  the  treason  that  is  without  justification  and  without  paral- 
lel, we  shall  thenceforth  be  united,  be  only  one  country,  having  only 
one  hope,  one  ambition,  and  one  destiny.  To-morrow,  at  least,  we 
shall  feel  that  we  are  not  enemies,  but  that  we  are  friends  and 
brothers,  that  this  Union  is  a  reality,  and  we  shall  mourn  together 
for  the  evil  wrought  by  this  rebellion.  We  are  now  near  the  graves 
of  the  misguided,  whom  we  have  consigned  to  their  last  resting-place, 
with  pity  for  their  errors,  and  with  the  same  heart  full  of  grief  with 
which  we  mourn  over  a  brother  by  whose  hand,  raised  in  defence  of 
his  government,  that  misguided  brother  perished. 

When  we  part  to-morrow  night,  let  us  remember  that  we  owe  it 
to  our  country  and  to  mankind  that  this  war  shall  have  for  its  con- 
clusion the  establishing  of  the  principle  of  democratic  government,  — 
the  simple  principle  that  whatever  party,  whatever  portion  of  the 
community  prevails  by  constitutional  suffrage  in  an  election,  that 
party  is  to  be  respected  and  maintained  in  power  until  it  shall  give 
place,  on  another  trial  and  another  verdict,  to  a  different  portion  of 
the  people.  If  you  do  not  do  this,  you  are  drifting  at  once  and  irre- 
sistibly to  the  very  verge  of  universal,  cheerless,  and  hopeless  an- 
archy. But  with  that  principle  this  government  of  ours  —  the  purest, 
the  best,  the  wisest,  and  the  happiest  in  the  world  —  must  be,  and, 
so  far  as  we  are  concerned,  practically  will  be,  immortal. 


THE  FALL  OF   ATLANTA.  491 

THE  ALLIES  OF  TREASON. 

THE  FALL  OF  ATLANTA. 

Auburn,  September  3,  1864.1 

My  Dear  Friends  :  It  is  so  that  I  like  to  see  you  come  march- 
ing to  the  time  of  national  airs,  under  the  folds  of  the  old  national 
flag.  I  thank  you  for  this  hospitable  and  patriotic  welcome.  It 
proves  that  though  you  deal  rigorously  with  your  public  servants, 
exacting  reasons  for  their  policy,  energy  in  their  conduct  of  affairs, 
and  explanations  for  failures  and  disappointments  in  their  adminis- 
tration, yet  you  are,  nevertheless,  just,  because  you  willingly  allow 
them  to  rejoice  with  you,  when  you  have  successes,  victories,  and 
triumphs  to  celebrate. 

The  news  that  brings  us  together  is  authentic.     Here  is  a  tele- 
gram which  I  received  this  morning  from  the  Secretary  of  War: 
"  Van    Duzer   reports   that    Sherman's    advance  entered    Atlanta 
,  about    noon   to-day.      Particulars    not   yet   received.      Edwin    M. 
Stanton." 

Now  this  news  comes  in  a  good  shape.  It  is  pleasant  to  have  a 
grand  result  at  the  first,  and  it  protracts  the  interest  of  the  thing  to 
have  particulars  coming  in  afterward. 

This  victory  comes  in  the  right  connection.  It  falls  in  with  the 
echoes  of  the  capture  of  Forts  Gaines  and  Morgan,  which  I  under- 
stand to  be  the  particulars  of  Farragut's  glorious  naval  battle  in  the 
bay  of  Mobile,  a  battle  equaled  by  no  other  in  American  history, 
but  the  naval  achievements  of  the  same  veteran  admiral  at  New 
Orleans  and  Port  Hudson,  and  all  these  have  no  parallel  in  naval 
warfare,  but  the  battles  of  the  Nile  and  Trafalgar.  I  know  the  Ad- 
miral well,  and  I  confess  that  we  all  can't  be  Farraguts.  Indeed, 
very  few  of  us  can.  But  we  may  take  this  comfort  to  ourselves, 
that  as  a  whole  people,  we  can  appreciate  the  veterans.  We  can 
also  appreciate  Sherman,  who  has  performed  the  most  successful  and 
splendid  march  through  a  mountainous  and  hostile  country  recorded 
in  modern  history,  and  in  doing  this  we  show  ourselves  inferior  in 
virtue  to  no  other  nation. 

i  The  Presidential  canvass  bad  just  begun,  President  Lincoln  and  Gen.  McClellan  being  the  candidates. 


492  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

By  the  way,  everybody  admired  Farragut's  heroism,  in  climbing 
the  topmast  to  direct  the  battle.  But  there  was  another  "  particu- 
lar "  of  that  contest  that  no  less  forcibly  illustrates  his  heroic  char- 
acter. "Admiral,"  said  one  of  his  officers,  the  night  before  the 
battle,  "  won't  you  consent  to  give  Jack  a  glass  of  grog  in  the  morn- 
ing, not  enough  to  make  him  drunk,  but  just  enough  to  make  him 
fight  cheerfully."  "  Well,"  replied  the  Admiral,  "  I  have  been  to 
sea  considerable,  and  have  seen  a  battle  or  two,  but  I  never  found 
that  I  wanted  rum  to  enable  me  to  do  my  duty.  I  will  order 
two  cups  of  good  coffee  to  each  man,  at  two  o'clock,  and  at  eight 
o'clock  I  will  pipe  all  hands  to  breakfast  in  Mobile  Bay."  And  he 
did  give  Jack  the  coffee,  and  then  he  went  up  to  the  mast-head  and 
did  it. 

The  victory  at  Atlanta  comes  at  the  right  place.  The  rebellious 
district  is  in  the  shape  of  an  egg.  It  presents  equal  resistance  on  its 
whole  surface.  But  if  you  could  break  the  shell  at  either  of  the  two 
ends,  Richmond  and  Atlanta,  the  whole  must  crumble  to  pieces. 
While  Sherman,  under  Grant,  has  been  striking  the  big  end,  Meade, 
under  Grant,  has  been  striking  just  as  hard  blows  upon  the  lesser 
end.  The  whole  shell  will  now  be  easily  crushed,  for  it  has  grown 
brittle  with  the  exhaustion  of  vitality  within. 

This  glorious  victory  comes  in  good  time  for  another  reason.  Just 
now  we  are  calling  upon  you  for  three  hundred  thousand  more  men 
—  volunteers,  if  you  will,  drafted  men  if  we  must  —  to  end  the 
war.  You  were  getting  a  little  tired  of  long  delays  and  disap- 
pointed expectations.  In  Indiana,  a  portion  of  the  people,  insti- 
gated by  rebel  plotters  at  the  Clifton  House  in  Canada,  were 
importing  British  revolvers,  in  boxes  which  passed  the  Custom 
House  as  stationery,  under  pretence  of  arming  to  defend  themselves, 
but  really  to  resist  the  draft  and  bring  the  government  down  to 
ruin,  through  a  subordinate  and  auxiliary  civil  war  in  the  West. 
True,  no  arms  have  been  imported  here.  Yet  delegates  went  out 
from  among  you,  and  sat  down  in  council  at  Chicago  with  those 
Indiana  conspirators,  and  agreed  with  them  not  only  that  this  im- 
portation of  arms  should  be  defended  in  the  election  canvass,  but 
also  to  demand  the  cessation  of  the  war,  upon  the  ground  that  suc- 
cess in  restoring  the  Union  is  unattainable.  Already,  under  the 
influence  of  the  cheering  news  from  Atlanta,  all  this  discontent  and 
this  despondency  have  disappeared.     We  shall  have  no  draft,  be- 


THE  FALL   OF   ATLANTA.  493 

cause  the  army  is  being  reinforced  at  the  rate  of  five  or  ten  thousand 
men  per  day  by  volunteers.  May  I  not  add  that  this  victory  at  At- 
lanta comes  in  good  time,  as  the  victory  in  Mobile  Bay  does,  to 
vindicate  the  wisdom  and  the  energy  of  the  war  administration. 
Farragut's  fleet  did  not  make  itself,  nor  did  he  make  it.  It  was 
prepared  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  and  he  that  shall  record  the 
history  of  this  war  truthfully  and  impartially,  will  write  that  since 
the  days  of  Cavnot  no  man  has  organized  war  with  ability  equal  to 
that  of  Stanton. 

But  auspicious  as  the  occasion  is,  it  has  nevertheless  failed  to 
bring  out  some  whom  we  might  have  expected  here.  Why  are  they 
not  here  to  rejoice  in  magnificent  victories  that  will  thrill  the  hearts 
of  the  lovers  of  freedom  throughout  the  world  ?  Alas  that  it  must 
be  confessed,  it  is  party  spirit  that  holds  them  aloof.  All  of  them 
are  partisans.  Some  are  republicans  who  cannot  rejoice  in  the  na- 
tional victories,  because  this  war  for  the  life  of  the  nation  is  not  in 
all  respects  conducted  according  to  their  own  peculiar  radical  ideas 
and  theories.  They  want  guarantees  for  swift,  and  universal,  and 
complete  emancipation,  or  they  do  not  want  the  nation  saved. 
Others  stay  away  because  they  want  to  be  assured  that  in  coming 
out  of  the  revolutionary  storm  the  ship  of  state  will  be  found  ex- 
actly in  the  same  condition  as  when  the  tempest  assailed  it,  or  they 
do  not  want  the  ship  saved  at  all;  as  if  anybody  could  give  such 
guarantees  in  the  name  of  a  people  of  thirty  millions.  Others  are 
democrats.  They  received  from  their  fathers  the  axiom  that  only 
democrats  could  save  the  country,  and  they  must  save  it  by  demo- 
cratic formulas  and  combinations  which  the  progress  of  the  age  has 
forever  exploded.  They  cannot  come  up  to  celebrate  achievements 
which  condemn  their  narrow  and  hereditary  bigotry. 

Others,  of  both  the  republican  and  democratic  parties,  are  willing 
that  the  nation  shall  be  saved,  provided  it  be  done  by  some  one  of 
their  chosen  and  idolized  chiefs,  which  chiefs  they  mutually  de- 
nounce and  revile.  They  cannot  honor  Grant,  and  Sherman,  and 
Granger,  and  Farragut,  and  Porter,  and  Winslow,  because  b}r  such 
homage  they  fear  that  Fremont  and  McClellan's  fame  may  be 
eclipsed. 

Nevertheless,  there  are  enough  here  of  the  right  sort,  enough  of 
men  who  once  were  republicans,  but  who,  taking  that  word  in  a 
partisan  sense,  are  republicans  no  longer,  and  men  who  once  were 


494  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

democrats,  but  who,  taking  that  word  in  its  narrow  application,  are 
democrats  no  longer.  All  of  these  are  now  Union  men,  because 
they  found  out  at  the  beginning  of  this  tremendous  civil  war,  or  at 
some  period  in  its  progress,  that  no  man,  no  part}',  no  formula, 
no  creed,  could  save  the  Union,  but  that  only  the  people  can  save 
it,  and  they  can  save  it  only  by  ceasing  to  become  partisans,  and  be- 
coming patriots  and  Union  men. 

Yes,  my  friends,  when  this  war  shall  have  ended  in  the  restoration 
of  the  Union,  no  man  then  living  will  exult  in  the  recollection  that 
during  its  continuance  he  was  either  a  radical  or  a  conservative,  a 
republican  or  a  democrat,  but  every  man  will  then  claim  to  have 
been  throughout  an  unreserved  and  unconditional  Union  man. 

But  why  should  party  spirit,  especially  at  this  juncture,  divide 
the  American  people?  And  why  should  I,  a  member  of  the  execu- 
tive administration,  allude  to  it  on  such  an  occasion  as  this?  The 
answer  is  at  hand.  The  Constitution  of  our  country  commands  that 
administration  to  surrender  its  powers  to  the  people,  and  the  people 
to  designate  agents  to  assume  and  exercise  them  four  years.  You 
receive  the  executive  government  in  a  condition  very  different  from 
what  it  was  when  committed  to  our  care,  and  highly  improved.  We 
found  it  practically  expelled  from  the  whole  country  south  of  the 
Delaware,  the  Ohio,  and  the  Missouri,  with  the  most  of  the  army 
and  navy  betrayed  or  fallen  into  the  hands  of  the  insurgents,  and  a 
new  and  treasonable  Confederacy,  with  the  indirect  but  effective 
cooperation  of  foreign  powers,  establishing  itself  on  the  Gulf  of 
Mexico.  We  cheerfully  give  the  government  back  to  you  with 
large  and  conquering  armies,  and  a  triumphant  navy,  with  the  hate- 
ful Confederacy  falling  into  pieces,  and  the  rebellious  states,  one 
after  another,  returning  to  their  allegiance. 

Regarding  myself  on  this  occasion,  therefore,  not  as  a  secretary, 
but  simply  as  one  of  the  people,  I,  like  you,  am  called  by  my  vote  to 
determine  into  whose  hands  the  precious  trust  shall  now  be  con- 
fided. We  might  wish  to  avoid,  or  at  least  to  postpone  that  duty, 
until  the  present  fearful  crisis  is  passed.  But  it  cannot  and  it  ought 
not  to  be  avoided  or  adjourned.  It  is  a  Constitutional  trial,  and 
the  nation  must  go  through  it  deliberately  and  bravely. 

I  shall,  therefore,  cheerfully  submit,  for  your  consideration,  the 
course  which  I  have  concluded  to  adopt,  and  the  reasons  for  it. 

First,  I  beg  you  to  remember  that  the  present  is  no  common  or 


THE  FALL   OF   ATLANTA.  495 

customary  Presidential  election.  It  occurs  in  the  midst  of  civil 
•war,  arising  out  of  a  disputed  succession  to  the  executive  power. 
Disputed  successions  are  the  most  frequent  causes  of  civil  wars,  not 
only  in  republics,  but  even  in  monarchies.  A  dispute  about  the 
succession  of  the  President  periodically  begets  an  abortive  or  a  real 
revolution  in  each  one  of  the  Spanish  and  American  republics.  So, 
the  disputed  succession  of  the  Spanish  throne  begot  that  memorable 
thirty  years'  war,  which  convulsed  all  Europe.  A  dispute  whether 
Juarez  was  the  lawful  President  brought  on  the  present  civil  war, 
with  the  consequence  of  French  intervention  in  Mexico.  A  dispute 
whether  the  present  king  of  Denmark,  who  succeeded  to  the  throne 
last  winter,  is  lawful  heir  to  the  Duchies  of  Schleswig  and  Holstein, 
brought  about  the  civil  war  in  that  country,  which,  through  German 
intervention,  has  just  now  ended  with  the  dismemberment  of  the 
Danish  kingdom.  It  is  remarkable  also,  that  civil  wars  produced 
by  disputed  successions,  invariably  begin  with  resistance  by  some 
one  or  more  of  the  states  or  provinces  which  constitute  the  kingdom, 
empire,  or  republic  which  is  disturbed.  It  was  so  with  the  United 
States  of  Mexico.  It  was  so  in  the  United  States  of  Colombia,  and 
the  case  was  the  same  in  the  United  States  of  Venezuela.  Now  it 
is  certain,  that  in  1860  we  elected  Abraham  Lincoln,  lawfully  and 
constitutionally,  to  be  President  of  the  whole  United  States  of 
America.  Seven  of  the  states  immediately  thereon  rushed  into 
disunion,  and,  summoning  eight  more  to  their  alliance,  they  set  up  a 
revolutionary  government.  They  levied  war  against  us,  to  effect  a 
separation,  and  establish  a  distinct  sovereignty  and  independence. 

We  accepted  the  war  in  defense  of  the  Union.  The  only  griev- 
ance of  the  insurgents  was  that  their  choice  of  John  C.  Brecken- 
ridge  for  President  was  constitutionally  overruled  in  the  election 
of  Lincoln.  They  rejected  Lincoln,  and  set  up  a  usurper.  The  exec- 
utive power  of  the  United  States  is  now,  therefore,  by  force,  prac- 
tically suspended  between  that  usurper,  Jefferson  Davis,  and  that 
constitutional  President,  Abraham  Lincoln.  The  war  is  waged  by 
the  usurper  to  expel  that  constitutional  President  from  the  capital, 
which  in  some  sort  is  constantly  held  in  siege,  and  to  conquer  the 
states  which  loyally  adhere  to  him.  The  war  is  maintained,  on  our 
side,  to  suppress  the  usurper,  and  to  bring  the  insurgent  states 
back,  under  the  authority  of  the  constitutional  President.  The  war 
is  at  its  crisis.     It  is  clear,  therefore,  that  we  are  fighting  to  make 


496  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

Abraham  Lincoln  President  of  the  whole  United  States,  under  the 
election  of  1860,  to  continue  until  the  4th  of  March,  1865.  In  vot- 
ing for  a  President  of  the  United  States,  can  we  wisely  or  safely 
vote  out  the  identical  person  whom,  with  force  and  arms,  we  are 
fighting  into  the  Presidency?  You  justly  say,  No.  It  would  be 
nothing  less  than  to  give  up  the  very  object  of  the  war  at  the  ballot- 
box.  The  moral  strength  which  makes  our  loyal  position  impregna- 
ble, would  pass  from  us,  and  when  that  moral  strength  has  passed 
away,  material  forces  are  no  longer  effective,  or  even  available.  By 
such  a  proceeding  we  shall  have  agreed  with  the  enemy,  and  shall 
have  given  him  the  victory.  But  in  that  agreement  the  Constitu- 
tion and  the  Union  will  have  perished,  because  when  it  shall  have 
once  been  proved  that  a  minority  can  by  force  or  circumvention 
defeat  the  full  accession  of  a  constitutionally  chosen  President,  no 
President  thereafter,  though  elected  by  ever  so  large  a  majority, 
can  hope  to  exercise  the  executive  powers  unopposed  throughout 
the  whole  country.  One  of  two  things  must  follow  that  fatal  error. 
Either  a  contest  between  your  newly  elected  compromise  President 
and  the  same  usurper,  in  which  the  usurper  must  prevail,  or  else  a 
combination  between  them,  through  which  the  usurper  or  his  suc- 
cessor, subverting  your  Constitution  and  substituting  his  own,  will 
become  President,  King,  or  Emperor  of  the  United  States,  without 
foreign  aid,  if  he  can,  with  foreign  intervention  if  necessary.  Noth- 
ing is  more  certain  than  that  either  the  United  States  and  their 
Constitutional  President,  or  the  so-called  Confederate  States,  and 
their  usurping  President,  must  rule  within  the  limits  of  this  Re- 
public. I  therefore  regard  the  pending  Presidential  election  as  in- 
volving the  question,  whether,  hereafter,  we  shall  have  our  Consti- 
tution and  our  country  left  us.  How  shall  we  vote,  then,  to  save 
our  country  from  this  fearful  danger?  We  must  vote  Lincoln 
in  again,  and  fight  him  in  at  the  same  time.  If  we  do  this,  the 
rebellion  will  perish  and  leave  no  root.  If  we  do  otherwise,  we 
have  only  the  alternatives  of  acquiescence  in  a  perpetual  usurpation, 
or  of  entering  an  endless  succession  of  civil  and  social  wars.  Upon 
these  grounds,  entirely,  irrespective  of  platform  and  candidate,  I 
consider  the  recommendations  of  the  Convention  at  Chicago  as  tend- 
ing to  subvert  the  Republic. 

It  will  seem  a  hard  thing  when  I  imply  that  a  party,  like  the 
democratic  party,  can  either  meditate  or  inconsiderately  adopt  meas- 


THE   FALL  OF   ATLANTA.  497 

ares  to  overthrow  the  Republic.  All  experience,  however,  shows 
that  it  is  by  the  malice  or  the  madness  of  great  parties  that  free 
states  have  been  brought  down  to  destruction.  You  often  hear 
alarms  that  a  party  in  power  is  subverting  the  state,  and  it  some- 
times happens  so.  But  nine  times  out  of  ten  it  is  a  party  out  of 
power,  that  in  its  impatience  or  its  ambition  overthrows  a  republic. 
The  democratic  party,  of  course,  leaving  off  the  Loyal  Union 
Democrats,  opposed  the  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln  in  1860.  In 
doing  so,  they  divided  and  organized  in  three  columns.  One  a 
treasonable  column  of  state  rights,  disunion  democrats  under 
Breckenridge.  A  second,  a  lo}'al  northern  column,  under  Douglas. 
The  third  a  loyal  but  conciliatory  flying  column,  under  John  Bell, 
who  has  since  joined  the  insurgents.  We  thereupon  invited  the 
two  loyal  columns  to  combine  with  the  republican  party  to  oppose 
the  disunion  democratic  column.  They  declined.  On  the  eve  of 
the  election  of  1860,1  told  the  followers  of  Douglas  and  of  Bell, 
that  when  the  election  should  have  closed,  they  would  find  they  had 
inadvertently  favored  disunion  and  rebellion.  They  persisted,  and 
the  attempted  revolution  came.  Disunion  then  presented  itself,  in 
the  practical  form  of  preventing  Abraham  Lincoln  from  assuming 
the  executive  authority,  (and  it  stands  before  us  in  exactly  the 
same  form  now.)  Thus  the  democratic  party  produced  that  calam- 
ity, the  Southern  democrats  acting  from  design,  the  Northern  dem- 
ocrats passive  through  inadvertence.  The  disputed  succession  still 
remains  unadjusted.  A  new  election  has  come  on.  For  a  time,  the 
Northern  democrats,  with  notable  exceptions,  gave  a  more  or  less 
liberal  support  to  the  government  against  the  democratic  insurgents 
of  the  South.  But  the  same  democratic  forces  which  operated  in 
the  election  of  1860,  now  appear  in  the  political  field,  with  positions 
and  policy  unchanged  since  that  time,  as  I  think,  except  for  the 
worse.  The  Southern  democracy  is  still  in  arms  under  the  usurper 
at  Richmond.  The  Douglas  and  Bell  columns,  consolidated,  are 
found  at  Chicago,  and  all  three  of  the  parties  are  compassing  the 
rejection  of  Abraham  Lincoln,  the  constitutional  President  of  the 
United  States.  They  agree  not  only  in  this  attempt,  but  they  as- 
sign the  same  reasons  for  it  —  namely,  that  Abraham  Lincoln  is  a 
tyrant. 

They  agree,  also,  that  the  real  usurper  at  Richmond  is  blameless 
and  pure,  at  least  the  Richmond  democracy  affirm  it,  and  the  Chi- 


498  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

cago  democracy  do  not  gainsay  it.  To  me,  therefore,  the  democ- 
racy at  Richmond  and  the  democracy  at  Chicago,  like  Cajsar  and 
Pompey,  seem  to  retain  all  their  original  family  resemblance.  They 
are  very  much  alike  —  especially  Pompey.  But  it  is  not  in  mere 
externals  that  their  similarity  lies.  They  talk  very  much  alike,  as 
I  have  already  shown  you.  When  you  consider  that  among  the 
democrats  at  Chicago,  the  Indiana  democrats  were  present,  who 
have  imported  arms  to  resist  the  national  authority,  and  defeat  the 
national  laws,  and  that  all  the  democrats  there  assembled  agreed  to 
justify  that  proceeding,  I  think  you  will  agree  with  me  that  the 
Richmond  democrats  and  the  Chicago  democrats  have  lately  come 
to  act  very  much  alike. 

I  shall  now  go  further  and  prove  to  you  that  they  not  only  have 
a  common  policy,  and  a  common  way  of  defending  it,  but  they  have 
even  adopted  that  policy  in  concert  with  each  other.  You  know 
that  when  the  Chicago  convention  was  approaching  in  July  last, 
George  Sanders,  Clement  C.  Clay,  and  J.  P.  Holcomb  appeared  at 
the  Clifton  House,  on  the  Canada  bank  of  the  Niagara  river,  fully 
invested  with  the  confidence  and  acquainted  with  the  purposes  of 
Jefferson  Davis  and  his  confederates  at  Richmond.  You  know, 
also,  that  Chicago  democrats  resorted  therein  considerable  numbers, 
to  confer  with  these  emissaries  of  Jefferson  Davis.  Here  is  the 
fruit  of  that  conference,  and  no  one  can  deny  the  authenticity  of 
my  evidence.  It  is  extracted  from  the  "  London  Times,"  the  com- 
mon organ  of  all  the  enemies  of  the  United  States.  The  New  York 
correspondent  of  the  "  London  Times,"  writing  from  Niagara  Falls, 
under  date  of  August  8th,  says :  — 

"  Clifton  House  has  become  a  centre  of  negotiations  between  the  Northern 
friends  of  peace  and  Southern  agents,  which  propose  a  withdrawal  of  differences 
from  the  arbitrament  of  the  sword.  The  correspondent  then  goes  on  to  explain 
that  an  effort  is  to  be  made  to  nominate  a  candidate  for  the  Presidency  on  the 
platform  of  an  armistice  and  a  convention  of  states,  and  to  thwart,  by  all  possible 
means,  the  efforts  of  Mr.  Lincoln  for  reelection." 

Mark  now,  that  on  the  8th  of  August,  1864,  Northern  democrats 
and  Richmond  agents  agree  upon  three  things  to  be  done  at  Chi- 
cago. 

Namely :  1st.  A  withdrawal  of  the  differences  between  the  gov- 
ernment and  the  insurgents,  from  the  arbitrament  of  the  sword  ; 
2d.  A  nomination  for  President  of  the  United  States,  on  a  plat- 


THE  FAL^  OF  ATLANTA.  499 

form  of  an  armistice,  and  utimately  a  convention  of  the  states ;  3d. 
To  thwart,  by  all  possible  means,  the  reelection  of  Abraham  Lin- 
coln. 

Such  a  conference,  held  in  a  neutral  country,  between  professedly 
loyal  citizens  of  the  United  States  and  the  agents  of  the  Richmond 
traitors  in  arms,  has  a  very  suspicious  look.  But  let  that  pass. 
Political  elections  must  be  free,  and  therefore  they  justly  excuse 
many  extravagancies.  We  have  now  seen  what  the  agents  of  Pom- 
pey  and  Caesar  agreed  at  Niagara  that  Pompey  should  do  at  Chi- 
cago.    Here  is  what  he  actually  did  :  — 

"  Resolved,  That  this  Convention  does  explicitly  declare,  as  the  sense  of  the 
American  people,  that  after  four  years  of  failure  to  restore  the  Union  by  the  ex- 
periment of  war,  during  which,  under  the  pretence  of  a  military  necessity  of  war, 
a  power  higher  than  the  Constitution,  the  Constitution  itself  has  been  disregarded 
in  every  part,  and  public  liberty  and  private  right  alike  trodden  down,  and  the 
material  prosperity  of  the  country  essentially  impaired,  justice,  humanity,  liberty, 
and  the  public  welfare  demand  that  immediate  efforts  be  made  for  a  cessation  of 
hostilities,  with  a  view  to  an  ultimate  convention  of  all  the  states,  or  other  peace- 
able means,  to  the  end  that  at  the  earliest  practicable  moment  peace  may  be  re- 
stored on  the  basis  of  the  Federal  Union  of  the  States." 

The  democracy  at  Chicago  did  there  just  what  had  been  agreed 
upon  with  the  Richmond  agents  at  Niagara,  namely,  they  pro- 
nounced for  an  abandonment  of  the  military  defence  of  the  Union 
against  the  insurgents,  with  a  view  to  an  ultimate  national  conven- 
tion, and  the  defeat  of  the  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln.  That  is 
to  say,  they  proposed  to  eject  Abraham  Lincoln  from  the  Presi- 
dential chair  at  Washington,  on  the  4th  of  March  next,  and  at  the 
same  time  leave  the  usurper  Davis,  unassailed,  secure  and  un- 
molested in  his  seat  at  Richmond,  with  a  view  to  an  ultimate  con- 
vention of  states,  which  that  usurper's  Constitution  will  allow  no 
one  of  the  insurgent  states  to  enter.  What  now,  if  there  be  no 
convention  at  all,  or  if  the  convention  fail  to  agree  on  a  submission 
to  the  Federal  authority  ?  Jefferson  Davis  then  remains  in  author- 
ity, his  Confederacy  established,  and  the  Union  with  all  its  glories 
is  gone  forever.  Nay,  more,  if  such  a  thing  could  happen  as  that 
the  Chicago  candidate,  nominated  upon  such  an  agreement,  should 
be  elected  President  of  the  United  States  on  the  1st  Tuesday  of 
November  next,  who  can  vouch  for  the  safety  of  the  country  against 
the  rebels  during  the  interval  which  must  elapse  before  the  new 
administration  can  constitutionally  come  into  power  ?     It  seems  to 


500  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

me  that  such  an  election  would  tend  equally  to  demoralize  the 
Union  and  to  invite  the  insurgents  to  renew  the  effort  for  its  de- 
struction. 

It  remains  for  me  now  only  to  give  you  the  proof,  that  although 
the  way  in  which  the  Chicago  democracy  did  what  had  been  agreed 
upon  in  their  behalf  at  Niagara  was  not  altogether  satisfactory,  yet 
what  they  actually  did  was  accepted  as  a  full  execution   of  the 

previous  compact :  — 

St.  Catharinks,  C.  W.,  Sept.  1. 
To  Hon.  D.  Wier,  Halifax: 

Platform  and  Presidential  nominee  unsatisfactory.  Vice-President  and  speeches 
satisfactory.     Tell  Pbilemore  not  to  oppose. 

(Signed)  Geo.  N.  Sanders.1 

D.  Wier  is  a  Richmond  accomplice  at  Halifax,  and  Philemore  is 
understood  to  be  the  conductor  of  the  insurgent  organ  in  London. 

Here,  then,  we  have  a  nomination  and  a  platform  which  were 
made  by  treaty  formally  contracted  between  the  democratic  trait- 
ors at  Richmond,  and  the  democratic  opposition  at  Chicago,  signed, 
sealed,  attested,  and  delivered  in  the  presence  of  the  "  London 
Times,"  and  already  ratified  at  Richmond.  They  say  I  am  always 
too  sanguine  of  the  success  of  national  candidates  and  of  the  national 
arms.  But  it  seems  to  me  that  the  veriest  croaker  in  all  our  loyal 
camp  will  take  new  courage,  and  become  heroic  when  he  sees  that 
the  last  hope  of  the  rebellion  hangs  upon  the  ratification  of  this 
abominable  and  detestable  compact  by  the  American  people. 

Yes,  you  say  you  have  got  them  ;  but  how  did  you  get  them  ? 
Not  by  any  skill  or  art  of  the  administration,  nor  even  through  the 
sagacity  or  activity  of  the  loyal  people,  but  through  the  cunning  of 
the  conspirators  overreaching  itself,  and  thus  working  out  their 
own  defeat  and  confusion.  They  do  say  that  the  Father  of  Evil  al- 
ways indulges  his  chosen  disciples  with  such  an  excess  of  subtlety 
as  to  render  their  ultimate  ruin  and  punishment  inevitable. 

And  what  a  time  is  this  to  proclaim  such  a  policy,  conceived  in 
treachery  and  brought  forth  with  shameless  effrontery.  A  cessation 
of  hostilities  on  the  heel  of  decisive  naval  and  land  battles,  at  the 
very  moment  that  the  rebellion,  without  a  single  fort  in  its  posses- 
sion on  the  ocean,  or  on  either  of  the  great  rivers  or  lakes,  is  crumb- 
ling to  the  earth,  and  at  the  same  time  a  dozen  new  ships  of  war 
are  going  to  complete  the  investment  by  sea,  and  three  hundred 

1  A  leading  rebel. 


THE   FALL  OF   ATLANTA.  501 

thousand  volunteers  are  rushing  to  the  lines,  to  complete  the  work 
of  restoration  and  pacification. 

There  is  a  maxim  which  thoughtful  teachers  always  carefully 
inculcate.  It  is  that  inconstancy  is  imbecility,  and  that  persever- 
ance is  necessary  to  ensure  success.  This  maxim  was  set  forth  in 
the  form  of  a  text  in  the  writing  book,  when  I  was  young : 
"  Perseverance  always  conquers."  Even  infantile  beginners  en- 
countered the  instruction  in  the  form  of  a  fable  in  Webster's  spell- 
ing book.  The  story  was,  that  after  using  soft  words  and  tufts  of 
grass,  the  farmer  tried  what  virtue  there  was  in  stones,  and  by  per- 
sistence in  that  application  he  brought  the  rude  boy  who  was  steal- 
ing apples  down  from  the  tree,  and  made  him  ask  the  farmer's 
pardon.  Our  Chicago  teachers  tell  us  that  just  as  the  rude  boy  is 
coming  down,  we  must  lay  down  the  stones  and  resort  again  to  the 
use  of  grass,  with  the  consequence,  of  course,  that  the  farmer  must 
beg  pardon  of  the  trespasser. 

But  what  makes  this  Chicago  policy  more  contemptible,  and  even 
ridiculous,  is  that  it  is  nothing  different  from  the  policy  with  which 
the  same  parties  now  contracting  actually  ushered  in  disunion  in 
1861,  in  the  closing  hours  of  the  administration  of  James  Bu- 
chanan. Yes,  my  dear  friends,  when  we  of  this  administration 
came  into  our  places  in  March,  1861,  we  found  there  existing  just 
the  system  which  is  now  recommended  at  Chicago,  namely :  1st,  a 
treasonable  Confederacy  in  arms  against  the  Federal  authority.  2d, 
a  truce  between  the  government  of  the  United  States  and  the 
rebels,  a  veritable  armistice,  which  was  so  construed  that  while  the 
national  ports  and  forts  were  thoroughly  invested  along  the  sea- 
coasts  and  rivers  by  the  insurgents,  they  could  be  neither  reinforced, 
nor  supplied  even  with  food  by  the  government.  3d.  A  languid 
debate  with  a  view  to  an  ultimate  National  Convention,  which  the 
rebels  haughtily  despised  and  contemptuously  rejected.  What  were 
the  alternatives  left  us  ?  Either  to  surrender  ourselves  and  the 
government  at  discretion,  or  to  summon  the  people  to  arms,  ter- 
minate the  armistice,  adjourn  the  demoralizing  debate,  and  "  re- 
possess "  ourselves  of  the  national  forts  and  ports.  All  agreed  that 
this  course  was  right  then.  And  now  has  all  the  treasure  that  has 
been  spent,  and  all  the  precious  blood  that  has  been  poured  forth, 
gone  for  nothing  else  but  to  secure  an  ignominous  retreat,  and 
return  at  the  end  of  four  years  to  the  hopeless  imbecility  and  rapid 


502  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

process  of  national  dissolution  which  existed  when  Abraham  Lin- 
coln took  into  his  hands  the  reins  of  government? 

Every  one  of  you  know,  that  bnt  for  that  accession  of  Abraham 
Lincoln,  just  at  that  time,  the  Union  would,  in  less  than  three 
months,  have  fallen  into  absolute  and  irretrievable  ruin. 

I  will  not  dwell  long  on  the  complaints  which  misguided,  but  not 
intentionally  perverse  men,  bring  against  the  administration  of 
Abraham  Lincoln.  They  complain  of  military  arrests  of  spies  and 
lurking  traitors  in  the  loyal  states,  as  if  the  government  could 
justify  itself  for  waiting  without  preventive  measures,  for  more 
states  to  be  invaded  or  to  be  carried  off  into  secession. 

They  complain  that  when  we  call  for  volunteers,  we  present  the 
alternative  of  a  draft,  as  if  when  the  ship  has  been  scuttled,  the 
captain  ought  to  leave  the  sleeping  passengers  to  go  to  the  bottom 
without  calling  upon  them  to  take  their  turn  at  the  pump. 

They  are  not  content  with  plotting  sedition  in  secret  places,  but 
they  go  up  and  down  the  public  streets  uttering  treason,  vainly 
seeking  to  provoke  arrest,  in  order  that  they  may  complain  of  a 
denial  of  the  liberty  of  speech.  The  impunity  they  everywhere 
enjoy  under  the  protection  of  constitutional  debate  shows  at  one 
and  the  same  time  that  their  complaints  are  groundless,  and  that 
the  Union  in  the  element  of  moral  stability  is  stronger  than  they 
know. 

The  chief  complaint  against  the  President  is,  that  he  will  not  ac- 
cept peace  on  the  basis  of  the  integrity  of  the  Union,  without  having 
also  the  abandonment  of  slavery.  When  and  where  have  the  in- 
surgents offered  him  peace  on  the  basis  of  the  integrity  of  the 
Union  ?  Nobody  has  offered  it.  The  rebels  never  will  offer  it. 
Nobody  on  their  behalf  can  offer  it.  They  are  determined  and 
pledged  to  rule  this  Republic  or  ruin  it.  I  told  you  here  a  year  ago, 
that  practically  slavery  was  no  longer  in  question — that  it  was 
perishing  under  the  operation  of  the  war.  That  assertion  has  been 
confirmed.  The  Union  men  in  all  the  slave  states  that  we  have 
delivered  are  even  more  anxious  than  we  are  to  abolish  slavery. 
Witness  West  Virginia,  Maryland,  Missouri,  Louisiana,  Tennessee, 
and  Arkansas.  Jefferson  Davis  tells  you  in  effect  the  same  thing. 
He  says  that  it  is  not  slavery,  but  independence  and  sovereignty 
for  which  he  is  contending.  There  is  good  reason  for  this.  A  hun-. 
dred   dollars  in  gold  is  only  a  year's  purchase  of  the  labor  of  the 


THE  FALL   OF   ATLANTA.  503 

working  man  in  every  part  of  the  United  States.  At  less  than  half 
that  price  you  could  buy  all  the  slaves  in  the  country.  Neverthe- 
less, our  opponents  want  a  distinct  exposition  of  the  President's 
views  on  the  ultimate  solution  of  the  slavery  question. 

Why  do  they  want  it  ?  For  the  same  reason  that  the  Pharisees 
and  Sadducees  wanted  an  authoritative  solution  of  the  questions  of 
casuistry  which  arose  in  their  day.  One  of  those  sects  believed  in 
a  Kingdom  to  come,  and  the  other  altogether  denied  the  resurrec- 
tion of  the  dead.  Nevertheless,  they  walked  together  in  loving  ac- 
cord in  search  of  instruction  concerning  the  spirit  world.  "  Master," 
said  they,  "  there  was  a  man  of  our  nation  who  married  a  wife  and 
died,  leaving  six  brothers.  These  brothers  successively  married  the 
widowed  woman,  and  afterwards  died.  And  last  of  all  the  woman 
died  also.  In  the  resurrection,  which  of  the  seven  shall  have  this 
woman  to  his  wife." 

Now  what  was  it  to  them  whether  one  or  all  should  have  the 
woman  to  wife  in  heaven.  It  could  be  nothing  to  the  Sadducees  in 
any  case.  What  was  it  to  any  human  being  on  this  side  of  the 
grave?  What  was  it  to  any  human  being  in  heaven  except  the 
woman  and  her  seven  husbands — absolutely  nothing.  Yet  they 
would  have  an  answer.  And  they  received  one.  The  answer  was 
that  while  in  this  mortal  state,  men  and  women  shall  never  cease 
to  marry  and  to  die,  there  will  be  in  the  resurrection  neither  death 
nor  marrying  or  giving  in  marriage. 

Although  altogether  unauthorized  to  speak  for  the  President 
upon  hypothetical  questions,  I  think  I  can  give  an  answer  upon  the 
subject  of  slavery  at  the  present  day — an  answer  which  will  be  ex- 
plicit, and  I  hope  not  altogether  unsatisfactory.  While  the  rebels 
continue  to  wage  war  against  the  government  of  the  United  States, 
the  military  measures  affecting  slavery,  which  have  been  adopted 
from  necessity,  to  bring  the  war  to  a  speedy  and  successful  end, 
will  be  continued,  except  so  far  as  practical  experience  shall  show 
that  they  can  be  modified  advantageously,  with  a  view  to  the  same 
end. 

When  the  insurgents  shall  have  disbanded  their  armies,  and  laid 
down  their  arms,  the  war  will  instantly  cease  ;  and  all  the  war 
measures  then  existing,  including  those  which  affect  slavery,  will 
cease  also ;  and  all  the  moral,  economical,  and  political  questions,  as 
well  questions  affecting  slavery  as  others,  which  shall  then  be  exist- 


504  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

ing,  between  individuals,  and  states,  and  the  Federal  government, 
whether  they  arose  before  the  civil  war  began,  or  whether  they 
grow  out  of  it,  will,  by  force  of  the  Constitution,  pass  over  to  the 
arbitrament  of  courts  of  law  and  to  the  councils  of  legislation. 

I  am  not  unsophisticated  enough  to  expect  that  conspirators, 
while  yet  unsubdued,  and  exercising  an  unresisted  despotism  in  the 
insurrectionary  states,  will  either  sue  for  or  even  accept  an  amnesty 
based  on  the  surrender  of  the  power  they  have  so  recklessly  usurped. 
Nevertheless,  I  know  that  if  any  such  conspirator  should  tender  his 
submission  upon  such  terms,  that  he  will  at  once  receive  a  candid 
hearing,  and  an  answer  prompted  purely  by  a  desire  for  peace,  with 
the  maintenance  of  the  Union.  On  the  other  hand,  I  do  expect 
propositions  of  peace  with  a  restoration  of  the  Union,  to  come,  not 
from  the  Confederates  in  authority,  nor  through  them,  but  from 
citizens  and  states  under  and  behind  them.  And  I  expect  such 
propositions  from  citizens  and  states  to  come  over  the  Confederates 
in  power,  just  so  fast  as  those  citizens  and  states  shall  have  deliv- 
ered themselves,  or  shall  have  been  delivered  by  the  Federal  arms 
from  the  usurpation  by  which  they  are  now  oppressed.  All  the 
world  knows,  that  so  far  as  I  am  concerned,  and,  I  believe,  so  far  as 
the  President  is  concerned,  all  such  applications  will  receive  just 
such  an  answer  as  it  becomes  a  great,  magnanimous,  and  humane 
people  to  grant  to  brethren  who  have  come  back  from  their  wander- 
ings, to  seek  a  shelter  in  the  common  ark  of  our  national  security 
and  happiness. 

The  sun  is  setting,  So  surely  as  it  shall  rise  again,  so  surely  do 
I  think  that  the  great  events  we  have  now  celebrated  prelude  the 
end  of  our  national  troubles,  and  the  restoration  of  the  national 
authority  with  peace,  prosperity,  and  freedom  throughout  the  whole 
land,  from  the  Lakes  to  the  Gulf,  and  from  ocean  to  ocean. 

And  so  I  bid  you  good-night ;  and  may  God  have  you,  with  our 
whole  country,  always  in  His  holy  and  paternal  keeping. 


PERSEVERANCE   IN  THE   WAR.  505 

PERSEVERANCE  IN  THE  WAR. 

Auburn,  November  7,  1864. 

Of  course  you  understand  that  I  have  come  home  to  vote.  To 
vote  here  for  the  tenth  time  in  ten  out  of  the  nineteen  Presidential 
elections  which  the  people  of  the  United  States  have  enjoyed.  A 
change  or  succession  in  the  executive  power  of  a  nation  is  always 
vital,  and  that  change  in  our  country  constitutes  a  perpetually  re- 
curring crisis.  The  elector  is  mortal.  I  have  come  home  to  exer- 
cise  my  suffrage  as  heretofore,  with  the  conviction,  which  I  suppose 
you  all  entertain  for  yourselves,  that  this  may  be  my  last  time. 

Nations,  though  usually  long-lived,  are,  nevertheless,  mortal. 
Our  own  Republic  is  now  confessedly  struggling  for  life.  This, 
therefore,  may  be  our  last  Presidential  election.  We  are  only  ten- 
ants here.  The  reversion  of  our  political  state  is  the  appointed  in- 
heritance of  endless  successors.  Let  us  so  cast  our  votes,  that  if  the 
Republic  must  perish,  we  shall  be  able  to  say  that  we  are  innocent; 
that  if  the  Republic  must  perish,  we  shall  yet  be  able  to  say  that 
we  have  the  consciousness  of  having  practised  the  heroic  virtue 
which  is  the  duty  of  the  citizen ;  that  if  the  Republic  must  perish, 
we  shall  be  able  to  say  that  our  recorded  protest  will  appear  conspic- 
uously above  the  ruins,  inviting  mankind  to  new  and  holier  efforts 
to  redeem  the  cause  of  freedom  and  humanity, 

I  should  be  recreant  if  I  did  not  confess  that  I  see  no  hope  of 
safety  for  the  Union  if  the  people  to-morrow  should  give  it  over  in 
trust  to  the  opponents  of  the  present  administration.1  But  I  do  not 
forget  that  what  I  say  on  the  night  before  the  election  will  be  heard 
on  the  morning  after  the  election,  however  it  may  result ;  therefore, 
let  no  man  expect  to  hear  after  an  adverse  result  that  I  am  despair- 
ing or  even  despondent.  If  the  opposition  prevail,  I  do  not  now  know, 
indeed,  the  fountain  from  which  streams  of  hope  can  flow  in  that 
disastrous  event ;  but  I  do  know  that  God  has  a  thousand  ways  of 
saving  nations,  even  in  their  extremest  peril.  I  do  know  that  na- 
tions are  born  to  live,  although  they  must  eventually  die  ;  and  I  do 
know  that  as  my  voice  in  the  dark  hours  of  1861  rang  through  the 
world,  giving  reassurance  to  the  friends  of  human   progress,  so,  if 

1  Mr.  Lincoln  was  a  candidate  for  reelection.    Gen.  McClellan  was  the  democratic  candidate. 


506  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

utterance  shall  be  left  to  me,  it  will  proclaim  with  even  greater 
earnestness  and  energy  that  this  Republic  is  not  altogether  lost. 
And  as  I  speak,  so  in  that  fearful  crisis  I  trust  I  shall  be  able  to 
act. 

But,  fellow-citizens,  our  thoughts  to-night  must  be  concentrated 
upon  the  crisis  as  it  is.  Dangers  surround  us.  The  civil  war  con- 
fronts us  in  the  rebel  states.  Foreign  wars  loom  over  us  on  all  our 
coasts  and  all  our  borders.  The  fires  of  faction  send  up  sulphurous 
smoke  under  our  feet.  It  would  be  absurd  to  say  that  the  country 
is  not  in  a  strait.  Only  two  courses  are  open  before  us  —  the  one  is 
perseverance  in  our  war  to  suppress  the  rebellion,  the  other  is  the 
abandonment  of  the  effort.  Hazards  attend  each  course.  Are  not 
hazards  always  incident  to  human  policy  and  human  effort?  For 
myself,  after  examination  and  consideration,  I  have  come  to  the  con- 
clusion that  the  lesser  hazard  is  found  in  the  line  of  perseverance. 
And,  indeed,  that  is  the  only  course  that  affords  assurance  of 
national  integrity,  which  I  need  not  say  is  identical  with  national 
independence.  You  have  already  testified  that  this  is  your  convic- 
tion. It  remains,  then,  only  for  us  to  reassure  each  other  to-night, 
so  that  we  may  advance  to  the  polls  with  decision,  energy,  and  confi- 
dence to-morrow. 

You  have  been  surprised  by  the  discovery  of  treason  lurking 
throughout  the  free  states,  and  even  in  secret  haunts  in  our  own 
neighborhood.  You  are  astonished  at  the  discovery  of  a  conspiracy 
of  thirty  thousand  men  clandestinely  armed  against  the  government 
in  the  western  loyal  states.  You  are  thunderstruck  with  the  reve- 
lation of  concert  between  Chicago,1  London,  and  Richmond.  You 
are  amazed  that  traitors  in  Sandusky,  invited  by  signal  lights,  at- 
tempt murders  and  robberies  from  Canada,  and  attempt  to  seize  a 
ship-of-war  on  Lake  Erie,  and  deliver  the  rebel  prisoners  on  John- 
son's Island.  You  are  amazed  that  domestic  traitors  prepared  the 
way  for  invaders  from  Canada  to  rob  and  murder  the  inhabitants  of 
St.  Albans.  And  you  are  still  more  amazed  that  after  all  these  dis- 
coveries a  large  class  of  our  own  citizens,  with  alternating  obstinacy 
and  levity,  still  hesitate  to  give  a  full  and  unreserved  support  to  the 
military  arm  of  the  government.  Let  me  tell  you,  however,  that 
all  this  surprise  and  astonishment  is  unreasonable.  What  we  see 
belongs  to  the  natural  course  of  events  in  war,  especially  in  civil 
war. 

1  Gen.  McClellan  was  nominated  at  Chicago. 


PERSEVERANCE  IN   THE  WAR.  507 

The  government  must  suppress  rebellion  with  all  the  agencies  of 
civil  and  military  power.  The  performance  of  that  duty  stirs  up 
alarm,  discontent,  opposition,  resistance.  Opposition  rises  high  as 
government  becomes  energetic,  and  opposition  thus  exalted  becomes 
faction.  Faction  in  civil  war  is  unmitigated  treason.  Every 
country  that  has  existed,  especially  every  free  country,  has  passed 
through  the  fiery  furnace  of  civil  war.  Spanish  America,  with  all 
its  free  states,  France,  England,  Spain,  the  Netherlands,  Switzer- 
land —  indeed,  civil  war  is  chronic,  and  domestic  harmony  an 
abnormal  condition  in  most  of  those  states.  No  government  in  any 
of  those  countries  ever  was  less  embarrassed  in  civil  war  by  faction 
than  the  government  of  the  United  States  during  the  last  three  and 
a  half  years.  None  of  those  governments  at  that  same  time  ever 
handled  domestic  faction  with  so  much  moderation  and  humanity  as 
this  government  has  practised  towards  citizens  who  have  aided  and 
abetted,  fed  and  warmed,  clothed  and  armed  its  open  and  defiant 
enemies.  Not  one  head  has  fallen  on  the  judicial  block.  Nor  need 
you  be  alarmed  at  these  demonstrations  of  faction.  The  people  of 
the  United  States  have  had  a  Christian  education,  a  political  educa- 
tion, a  moral  education,  such  as  Providence  has  never  before  vouch- 
safed to  any  nation  ;  and  great  as  the  force  and  faculties  of  faction 
are,  the  repressive  and  loyal  forces  possessed  by  this  people  are  mag- 
nified and  multiplied  in  proportion. 

You  have  been  surprised  and  alarmed  by  the  discovery  of  medi- 
tated frauds  upon  the  ballot-box  —  frauds  more  fraudulent  in 
conception,  more  wicked  in  design,  than  we  have  before  encoun- 
tered. Do  not  be  disheartened,  however,  by  this  discovery;  still, 
I  say,  fraud  and  treachery,  like  faction,  are  incident  to  civil  war. 
Bold  and  inventive  as  these  fraudulent  conspirators  are,  the  nation 
has  an  intellectual  education  and  a  moral  conscience  which  enable  it 
to  detect  and  baffle  them  ;  and  happily,  the  power  to  suppress  in- 
surrection arms  the  government  with  the  means  to  bring  them 
promptly  to  condign  punishment. 

What  remains  for  me  to  say  is  to  warn  you  against  misrepresen- 
tations of  the  issue.  There  is  no  question  before  you  of  abandoning 
the  war  measures  against  slavery  and  substituting  for  them  a  policy 
of  conservation  or  concession  to  slavery.  Those  measures  are  a 
part  of  the  war.  It  is  for  the  nation  in  a  state  of  war,  and  not  for 
the  nation  in  a  future  state  of  peace,  that  the  government  is  acting, 
and  of  course  that  we  are  voting. 


508  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

There  is  no  question  before  you  of  changing  the  object  of  the  war 
from  the  maintenance  of  the  Union  to  that  of  abolishing  slavery. 
Slavery  is  the  mainspring  of  the  rebellion.  The  government  neces- 
sarily strikes  it  in  the  very  centre,  as  well  as  upon  every  inch  of  its 
coil.  In  my  poor  judgment,  the  mainspring  is  already  broken,  and 
let  the  war  end  when  it  will,  and  as  it  may,  the  fear  that  that  main- 
spring will  recover  its  elasticity  may  give  us  at  present  no  uneasi- 
ness. Before  the  war,  slavery  had  the  patronage  and  countenance 
of  the  United  States  against  the  whole  world.  Its  inherent  error, 
guilt,  and  danger  are  now  as  fully  revealed  to  the  people  of  the 
United  States  as  they  have  heretofore  been  to  the  outside  world. 
Before  the  calamitous  war  in  which  slavery  has  plunged  the  country 
shall  end,  it  will  be  even  more  hateful  to  the  American  people  than 
it  already  is  to  the  rest  of  mankind,  while  their  condemnation  of  it 
will  remain  unchanged. 

The  opposition  will  not  succeed  in  misleading  yon,  I  am  sure,  by 
telling  you  that  you  have  a  question  of  immediate  peace  or  war  in- 
volved in  the  present  issue.  War,  and  not  peace,  you  have.  Already, 
God  knows  that  it  is  severe  and  painful  enough.  If  I  could  think 
of  taxes  in  the  face  of  national  death,  I  should  say  that  our  taxes 
are  heavy  enough.  If  I  could  think  of  personal  interests,  affections, 
or  sympathies  in  the  face  of  an  insolent  public  enemy  in  arms,  I 
should  say  that  men  enough  have  been  maimed  and  slain.  But 
when  we  shall  have  said  all  these  things,  the  actual  situation  of  the 
country  will  still  be  before  us,  unchanged.  It  is  a  state  of  civil 
war,  and  not  of  peace. 

Persons  ask  me  on  every  hand,  "Is  the  war  to  last  forever?" 
"  How  long  is  the  war  to  last  ?  "  I  answer,  The  war  will  not  last 
forever,  but  it  must  continue  until  we  give  up  the  conflict  or  the 
enemy  give  up  the  conflict.  Are  you  prepared  to  give  up  the  con- 
flict? You  say,  "  No,  never."  Why?  Because  in  that  case  you 
give  up  the  national  life.  In  any  and  every  event  the  nation  must 
live.  If  you  were  to  give  up  the  national  life,  you  enter  in  the  state 
of  national  death.  What  that  state  is,  God  be  thanked  we  do  not 
certainly  know.  He  has  mercifully  withheld  that  terrible  knowl- 
edge from  our  keenest  search  and  speculation.  But  we  do  know 
that  national  death  usually  consists  of  several  stages.  The  first  is 
domestic  civil  war  —  not  a  civil  war  across  a  border,  such  as  this 
war  is,  but  a  real  civil  war  —  a  social  war  —  a  civil  war  brought 


PEESEVERANCE  IN   THE   WAR.  509 

home  to  our  own  cities,  to  our  own  altars,  to  our  own  firesides.  We 
know  by  the  experience  of  other  countries  that,  with  occasional  res- 
pites resulting  from  exhaustion,  this  aggravated  form  of  civil  war 
continues  until  a  military  despot  is  welcomed  to  arrest  the  effusion 
of  blood,  to  restore  tranquillity  and  quiet,  with  the  loss  of  civil,  and, 
if  need  be,  religious  liberty.  This  is  the  terrible  condition  into 
which  you  rush  to  escape  from  present  civil  war.  Every  one  of  the 
supporters  of  the  administration  knows  this  as  well  as  I  do,  and  sees 
it  as  clearly.  In  view  of  calamities  so  far  transcending  those  we 
are  now  suffering,  of  course  the  government  will  not  abandon  the 
conflict  until  the  majority  of  the  people  decide  that  it  shall  be 
abandoned.  On  the  other  hand,  the  enemy  will  abandon  their  re- 
bellion just  so  soon  as  they  shall  have  the  undoubted  assurance  that 
it  cannot  prevail.  They  will  do  so  for  two  reasons :  First,  no  fac- 
tion can  indefinitely  continue  a  struggle  that  is  hopeless.  Secondly, 
because  they  give  up  no  national  life,  but  they,  as  well  as  we,  save 
their  own  national  existence  by  their  defeat  and  overthrow,  and  a 
better  national  existence  than  in  their  maddest  hours  of  delusion 
they  have  ever  conceived  as  the  result  of  their  unlawful  enterprise. 
Suppose,  then,  that  the  people,  as  we  all  agree  they  will,  support 
the  administration  by  their  suffrage  to-morrow.  The  rebels,  then, 
have  the  assurance  of  the  American  people,  made  upon  a  full  re- 
hearsing of  the  merits  of  the  controversy,  upon  appeal  and  a  full 
examination  of  results  thus  far  obtained,  with  the  relative  forces  of 
the  parties  yet  remaining  in  reserve,  that  the  conflict  is  not  to  be 
abandoned  on  our  part.  In  all  of  our  athletic  games,  three  times 
success  in  five  trials  gives  the  victory  —  two  decisions  following 
each  other  is  equal  to  three  in  five.  You  have  already  abundant 
evidences  of  the  exhaustion  of  the  rebels,  but  not  yet  evidence  of 
their  consciousness  of  that  exhaustion.  Those  evidences  will  appear 
immediately  on  the  announcement  of  the  reelection  of  Abraham 
Lincoln.  You  would  have  had  those  evidences  earlier  if  you  had  ren- 
dered this  verdict  sooner.  You  will  have  them  all  the  sooner  after 
the  verdict,  in  proportion  to  the  unanimity  and  determination  with 
which  it  is  spoken.  The  messengers  who  come  hither  from  the 
rebel  regions  will  be  different  from  those  who  are  now  lingering 
and  loitering  on  the  Canada  shores,  to  aid  the  execution  of  the  plot 
conceived  against  you  at  Chicago.  The  messengers  who  come  will 
come  not  as  those  last  mentioned,  with  commissions  addressed  to  the 


510  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

pusillanimous  and  factious  minority  of  the  North,  but  they  will  come 
addressed  to  Abraham  Lincoln,  the  honored  father  of  the  American 
nation. 

Their  message  will  not  be  conceived  in  the  insolent  words,  — 
"  Your  war  for  the  Union  has  failed  ; 1  desist  from  arms,  and  give 
us,  through  negotiations,  separate  independence."  But  it  will  be: 
"Father  Abraham,  we  have  sinned  before  God  and  against  our 
brethren.  We  repent  our  error;  we  disavow  and  offer  up  the  trait- 
ors who  have  led  us  into  crime.  Extend  your  protection  over  us, 
and  give  us  once  more  peace  and  communion  with  you  at  our  altars 
and  our  firesides."  This  is  the  way  in  which  I  think  the  war  is  to 
end.  I  know  that  in  that  way  it  will  end  soon.  I  know  it,  because 
few  civil  wars  in  which  a  strong  government  and  people  defend 
themselves  with  unanimity  last  so  long  as  four  years ;  and  it  is  cer- 
tain that  we  are  three  years  and  a  half  nearer  the  end  of  this  con- 
flict, if  so  maintained,  than  we  were  when  we  began.  Now,  let  us 
take  the  other  view.  Suppose  we  seek  peace  under  the  counsel  of 
Chicago  —  whether  according  to  the  naked  and  detestable  text  of 
the  resolutions,  or  as  evasively  interpreted  and  glossed  by  the  candi- 
date who  stands  on  that  platform.  It  is  to  seek  peace  by  conciliat- 
ing the  rebels,  and  substituting  diplomacy,  or  the  arts  of  statesman- 
ship, for  the  vigor  of  war.  Adopt  that  policy,  and  distraction 
instantly  seizes  the  North  ;  courage  and  new  resolution  inspire  the 
South ;  your  soldiers,  betrayed  at  home,  either  fall  in  despair  in 
their  trenches,  or,  what  would  be  worse,  recoil  before  the  enemy 
advancing  upon  Washington  and  Cincinnati. 

Those  persons  are  mistaken  who  say  that  Davis  would  not  nego- 
tiate, and  that  he  would  not  grant  us  an  armistice.  He  would  grant 
both  at  once,  and  grant  them,  too,  with  a  view  to  an  "  ultimate  con- 
vention." He  can  afford  to  be  very  accommodating  to  a  cowardly 
antagonist ;  he  can  afford  to  temporize  as  long  as  you  please.  But, 
like  any  other  belligerent,  he  will  grant  you  armistice  and  negotia- 
tion for  his  own  advantage,  not  for  yours,  and  he  will  negotiate,  not 
for  union,  but  for  dissolution.  I  do  not  argue  this  point.  Any 
candid,  thoughtful  man,  of  whatever  party,  must  admit  that  this 
view  of  what  the  rebels  will  do  is  possible.  Most  persons  will  con- 
cede that  it  is  eminently  probable.  Then  I  say,  in  regard  to  the 
Chicago  proposition,  with  the  king  in  "  Hamlet :  "  — 

1  The  sentiment  of  the  democratic  platform  adopted  at  Chicago. 


PERSEVERANCE   IN   THE   WAR.  511 

M  Let's  further  think  of  this  ; 
Weigh,  what  convenience,  both  of  time  and  means, 
May  fit  us  to  our  shape  :  if  this  should  fail, 
And  that  our  drift  look  through  our  bad  performance, 
'  Twere  better  not  essayed  :   therefore  this  project 
Should  have  a  back,  or  second,  that  might  hold, 
If  this  should  blast  in  proof." 

Alas !  since  this  Chicago  plan  must  fail,  it  has  no  back  or 
second. 

When  negotiation  and  all  the  arts  of  statesmanship  are  exhausted, 
the  navy  would  be  scattered,  withdrawn  from  the  blockade,  and  the 
armies  dispersed  in  their  homes,  the  treasury  empty,  the  na- 
tional credit  sunk,  France  and  Great  Britain  will  have  recognized 
the  rebels,  and  even  our  steadfast  friend,  the  Emperor  of  Russia, 
together  with  the  Sultan  of  Turkey,  the  Pasha  of  Egypt,  and  the 
Emperor  of  China,  will  have  given  over  with  pain  and  mortification 
the  friendly  nation  that,  in  a  pusillanimous  hour,  delivered  itself  to 
self-destruction. 

Fellow-citizens,  you  are  all  free  and  independent  as  I  am,  and 
you  may  and  must  decide  the  question  for  yourselves.  I  cannot  de- 
cide it  for  you,  nor  shall  you  decide  it  for  me.  I  am  not  going  to 
surrender  to  the  rebels.  No  !  though  they  extend  the  desolation  of 
civil  war  over  the  whole  land  —  though  they  come  backed  in  their 
unholy  quarrel  by  one  or  many  foreign  states.  I  am  not  going  to 
surrender  now.  Therefore,  I  want  no  armistice,  no  cessation  of  hos- 
tilities, no  negotiation  with  rebels  in  arms.  However  it  may  be 
with  others,  I  "looked  before  I  leaped."  If  I  could  have  been 
ready  to  surrender  now,  I  should  have  proposed  surrender  at  the  be- 
ginning. I  should  have  accepted  terms  without  waiting  for  Bull 
Run  —  certainly  after  Bull  Run.  I  would  have  availed  myself  of 
the  first  gleam  of  victory  to  secure  terms  as  little  humiliating  as  pos- 
sible. I  should  have  negotiated  after  the  capture  of  New  Orleans, 
after  Murfreesboro,  after  Norfolk,  after  Antietam,  after  Vicksburg, 
after  Gettysburg.  I  would  have  gone,  under  the  pressure  of  na- 
tional affliction,  and  made  every  defeat  a  claim  to  rebel  sympathy 
and  clemency.  After  the  first  Bull  Run  battle,  after  the  second 
Bull  Run  battle,  after  Gaines's  Mill,  after  Fredericksburg,  after 
Chancellorsville,  after  the  defeat  of  Banks  on  the  Red  River.  I 
am  not  going  to  surrender,  now  nor  never. 

As  for  the  arts  of  statesmanship,  I  know  of  none  applicable  in 


512  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

this  case.  The  only  art  of  statesmanship  that  I  do  know  is  to  be 
faithful  to  God  and  to  my  country.  I  seek  to  cultivate  charity  and 
prevent  war,  civil  or  foreign,  as  long  as  consistently  with  national 
justice,  and  honor,  and  safety,  it  can  be  prevented ;  but  when  in 
war,  to  fight  with  courage,  constancy,  and  resolution,  and  thus  to 
save  my  country  or  fall  with  its  defenders. 

The  battle  thus  waged  in  this  case  cannot  fail.  Even  if  it  could 
fail,  the  field  which  was  lost  would  be  a  holy  sepulchre,  which 
would  send  up  through  all  coming  time  inspiration,  to  reanimate 
and  cheer  on  the  friends  of  progress,  of  liberty,  of  humanity. 


THE  ASSURANCE  OF  VICTORY. 

Washington,  November  10,  1864. 

Remarks  at  a  serenade  in  rejoicing  over  the  reelection  of  President  Lincoln,  on 
the  evening  after  the  result. 

Fellow-citizens  :  You  remember  that  once  Paul,  in  his  own 
country,  took  an  appeal  to  Csesar,  and  went  from  Judea  across  the 
Mediterranean  to  follow  out  his  appeal  to  Caesar.  After  being  ship- 
wrecked, and  after  having  encountered  all  manners  of  dangers,  at 
Malta  and  elsewhere,  dangers  by  sea  and  by  land,  he  at  last  reached 
the  coast  of  Italy,  landing  at  the  Hot  Springs,  near  Naples.  From 
there  he  proceeded  up  toward  Rome,  and  when  he  got  within 
about  eighteen  miles  of  Rome  he  came  to  a  place  called  Appii 
Forum,  or  the  place  of  three  taverns.  And  it  is  recorded  in  Script- 
ure that  the  brethren,  when  he  got  within  the  suburbs  of  the  city, 
came  out  to  meet  him.  Thereupon  Paul  "  thanked  God  and  took 
courage."  So  I  think  that,  having  been  tossed  about  on  the  tem- 
pest of  secession  and  revolution  for  three  and  a  half  years,  I  have 
at  last  got  at  Appii  Forum,  the  place  of  the  three  taverns,  although 
there  is  not  a  hotel  on  this  street.  At  all  events,  Tarn  sure  "the 
brethren  "  have  come  out  to  meet  me.  And  thereupon  I  do  now, 
here,  to-night,  with  all  my  heart  and  in  all  reverence  and  humility, 
"  thank  God."  Amen.  We  all  of  us  thank  him,  and  I  hope  you 
all  "  take  courage  "  for  the  rest  of  the  way,  which,  I  think,  will  be 
a  short  journey. 

Fellow-citizens,  our  old  brethren  of  the  South,  who  used  to  meet 


THE  ASSURANCE  OF   VICTORY.  513 

us  up  here  in  the  Capitol,  and  with  whom  we  used  to  have  such 
pleasant  social  times,  have  pretended  to  set  up  a  poor  rickety  con- 
gress and  government  of  their  own.  And  you  know  what  they  did 
it  for.  They  did  it  because  they  were  afraid  we  would  abolish 
slavery.  They  met  in  Richmond  the  first  Monday  of  this  month  — 
and  what  do  you  think  they  met  for?  They  met  to  abolish  the  slav- 
ery of  200,000  negroes,  to  put  them  into  the  army  that  they  might 
fight  to  keep  all  the  rest  of  the  negroes  in  slavery.  Well,  we  have 
got  our  old-fashioned  regular  Congress — where  there  are  seats 
kept  open  for  them  yet  —  and  it  meets  on  the  first  Monday  in  De- 
cember. I  am  much  mistaken  if  we  do  not  show  our  old  friends 
down  South  a  trick  worth  two  of  that  they  are  practising.  My 
impression  is  that,  instead  of  abolishing  the  slavery  of  200,000 
negroes,  they  will  do  the  much  better  thing  of  setting  the  consti- 
tutional stamp  upon  the  President's  emancipation  proclamation  of 
1862.  Why,  you  seem  to  be  very  unanimous  about  that!  Well,  I 
will  tell  you  what  is  more  curious  than  all  that.  Within  three 
years  from  this  time  they  will  be  just  as  unanimous  about  it  in 
Richmond  as  you  are  here  in  Washington. 

Well,  fellow-citizens,  we  have  all  got  to  be  friends.  We  have 
got  to  be  friends  with  the  democrats  who  have  been  voting  against 
us,  and  we  will  balance  the  account  by  saying  that  we  voted  against 
them,  and  if,  now  that  the  election  is  over,  they  conclude  to  be  quits, 
we  will  agree  to  be  all  Union  men  hereafter,  and  we  will  acknowl- 
edge that  our  party,  as  we  saw  things,  judged  them  pretty  harshly. 
I  presume  that  four  years  hence  we  will  be  in  perfect  harmony,  not 
only  throughout  all  the  free  states,  but  throughout  the  whole  Union. 
And  I  will  tell  you  why  I  think  it  will  be  so.  I  came  on  this  stage 
of  action,  not  long,  some  years,  after  the  revolutionary  war,  and  I 
used  to  hear  my  parents  and  the  men  and  women  of  that  age  talk 
about  the  vast  number  of  tories  who  were  opposed  to  the  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States  in  the  revolution.  And  what  surprised 
me  above  all  things  was  that  at  the  expiration  of  thirty  years  after- 
ward there  was  not  a  tory  to  be  found  in  the  whole  United  States. 
I  was  never  able  to  understand  exactly  where  they  had  all  gone  to. 
It  was  just  so  in  the  war  of  1812.  I  am  old  enough  to  recollect 
about  that.  The  federalists  used  to  carry  the  intervening  elections 
between  the  Presidential  elections,  year  after  year,  just  as  the 
democracy  carried  the  election  in  New  York  and  several  of   the 

33 


514  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

other  states  in  1862,  but  when  the  Presidential  election  came  and 
the  war  ended  in  victory,  then  the  federalists  disappeared,  and  in 
two  years  after  the  war  was  over,  there  was  an  era  of  good  feeling 
in  which  all  the  people  were  republican  and  all  were  in  favor  of  the 
war,  and  since  that  time  I  have  never  been  able  to  find  an  old  fed- 
eralist. It  is  my  judgment  that  we  will  all  come  together  again  ; 
that  when  the  stars  and  stripes  wave  over  Richmond,  the  rebellion 
will  go  down,  and  that,  within  one,  two,  three,  or  four  years  after 
that,  you  will  have  to  look  mighty  sharp  to  find  a  man  who  was  a 
secessionist,  or  an  aider  of  rebellion.  I  know  that  for  that  era  of 
good  feeling  the  democrats  will  have  every  encouragement  to  favor 
the  people  in  the  success  of  the  war.  Speaking  of  that,  I  had  un- 
derstood our  opponents  to  say  that  this  war  was  a  failure,  and  that 
it  was  made  to  abolish  slavery.  Without  accepting  that  as  the  ob- 
ject of  the  war,  which  was  to  preserve  the  Union,  we  will  take  them 
on  their  own  ground  and  see  how  the  matter  stands.  The  first  year 
of  the  war  suppressed  the  African  slave  trade  in  the  United  States. 
The  second  year  of  the  war  brought  the  negroes  up  to  the  level  of 
soldiers  of  freedom,  and  abolished  slavery  in  the  District  of  Colum- 
bia. The  third  year  abolished  slavery  in  Mai} land.  And  if  the 
democrats  think  that  this  war  has  been  a  failure  this  year,  when 
Congress  comes  together,  it  will  adopt  a  constitutional  amendment 
and  abolish  slavery  throughout  the  United  States. 

Now,  I  know  that  when  slavery  is  removed,  the  only  element  of 
discord  among  the  American  people  will  have  ceased  to  work  its 
mischievous  fruits,  but  I  know  that  it  will  not  be  the  fault  of  the 
administration  if  we  do  not  have  an  era  of  peace  and  harmony,  and 
go  on,  resuming  our  proud  career  among  the  nations,  and  advancing 
the  interests  of  our  country,  of  freedom,  of  self-government,  and 
humanity. 

The  election  has  placed  our  President  beyond  the  pale  of  human 
envy  or  human  harm,  as  he  is  above  the  pale  of  human  ambition. 
Henceforth  all  men  will  come  to  see  him  as  you  and  I  have  seen 
him  —  a  true,  loyal,  patient,  patriotic,  and  benevolent  man.  Hav- 
ing no  longer  any  motive  to  malign  or  injure  him,  detraction  will 
cease,  and  Abraham  Lincoln  will  take  his  place  with  Washington, 
and  Franklin,  and  Jefferson,  and  Adams,  and  Jackson  — among  the 
benefactors  of  the  country  and  of  the  human  race. 


THE  PRESIDENT   AND   HIS    CABINET.  515 

THE  PRESIDENT  AND  HIS   CABINET. 

Auburn,  October  20,  1865. 

The  friends  and  neighbors  of  Secretary  Seward,  desiring  to  manifest  their 
regard  for  him  previous  to  his  return  to  Washington,  after  a  brief  visit  to  Au- 
burn, paid  him  a  parting  call  at  his  residence  on  Friday,  October  20,  t865.  The 
Rev.  Dr.  Hawley,  of  the  First  Presbyterian  Church,  addressed  the  Secretary  in 
behalf  of  the  citizens  in  the  following  remarks  :  — 

Secretary  Seward  :  Your  friends  and  neighbors  are  gathered  in  this  in- 
formal manner  to  welcome  you  home  once  more,  in  the  midst  of  familiar  scenes 
and  cherished  associations.  A  cordial  and  affectionate  greeting  always  awaits 
yon  in  Auburn.  Whenever  you  have  come  back  to  us,  whether  from  journeyings 
in  foreign  lands,  or  to  seek  a  brief  respite  from  public  cares,  in  times  of  peace  or 
war,  we  have  claimed  the  privilege  of  neighbors,  to  take  you  by  the  hand  and 
listen  to  your  words  of  cheer  and  counsel. 

Time  and  events  have  strengthened  these  bonds  of  friendship  and  made  them 
sacred.  The  trials  and  sufferings,  personal  and  national,  which  have  come  of  the 
war  now  happily  ended,  have  taught  us  all  lessons  of  patience  and  wisdom,  broth- 
erly kindness  and  charity.  No  sorrow  in  the  sum  of  agony  which  the  nation  has 
paid  for  its  life,  conspicuous  or  obscure,  has  been  in  vain.  The  path  of  duty  is  al- 
ways the  path  of  sacrifice.  The  men  who  stood  at  the  head  of  government,  in  that 
terrible  time,  and  bore  the  daily  burden,  did  not  ask  others  to  brave  dangers 
which  they  were  not  willing,  themselves,  to  encounter.  In  their  mission,  given 
them  of  Heaven  to  fulfil  with  a  consecrated  patriotism,  and  religious  fidelity, 
they  did  not  count  their  own  lives  dear  unto  them.  Our  beloved  President, 
whose  worth  none  could  have  known  as  you  knew  it,  whose  confidence  and  labors 
and  perils  you  shared  so  largely,  must  at  last  make  his  grave  with  the  martyrs  of 
liberty,  to  complete  the  nation's  sacrifice. 

It  has  been  your  lot,  my  dear  sir,  after  a  long  and  honored  service  of  the  state, 
and  in  the  orderings  of  a  wise  Providence,  which  in  a  great  crisis  always  regards 
the  fitness  of  men  for  their  place,  to  take  a  chief  part  in  the  momentous  events  of 
the  past  five  years.  The  whole  world  knows  where  you  have  stood,  and  what 
you  have  done,  and  what  you  have  suffered,  toward  the  result  over  which  all  now 
rejoice.  The  past  is  secure,  and  the  reward  is  certain.  Need  I  say  that  all 
this  while,  you  have  had  our  support  and  confidence,  our  sympathy  and  our 
prayers.  The  blow  from  the  assassin's  hand,  which  struck  you  down,  smote  our 
hearts.  The  great  national  bereavement  put  on  a  deeper  gloom  because  of  the 
peril  that  hung  over  your  life,  and  the  lives  of  your  household,  which  has  always 
been  a  part  of  ourselves.  We  wept  with  you,  when  the  life,  dear  to  you  as  your 
own,  was  taken.  We  rejoiced  with  you,  when  the  life  which  was  bound  up  in 
yours  was  restored. 

I  know  you  will  pardon  this  allusion  to  scenes  and  events  which  have  endeared 
you  to  your  friends  and  neighbors  not  only,  but  have  attracted  public  sympathy 


516  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

at  home  and  abroad.  They  make  this  interview  one  of  thoughtful  and  tender  in- 
terest. They  lift  public  life  out  of  the  sphere  of  personal  ambition  and  partizan 
strife,  and  invest  it  with  unwonted  dignities  and  sacred  memories.  And  now, 
through  the  mercy  of  God,  who  has  wrought  a  great  salvation  for  our  common 
country,  and  has  given  to  all  that  measure  of  wisdom  and  courage  and  sacrifice, 
which  the  time  demanded,  we  greet  you  to-day,  in  renewed  health  and  vigor, 
hopeful  for  the  future,  as  in  the  past,  still  at  your  post,  and  taking  your  part  in 
the  more  congenial  task  of  restoring  to  the  whole  country  the  blessings  of  Peace 
and  Union  and  Liberty. 

This  is  a  visit  both  of  welcome  and  of  parting — for  a  season.  May  our 
Heavenly  Father  ever  have  you  and  your  family  in  His  care  and  loving  kindness; 
and  may  it  please  Him  so  to  guide  you  and  all  who  have  charge  of  public  trusts, 
as  to  fulfil  the  best  hopes  we  cherish  for  our  nation  and  for  all  men. 

At  the  conclusion  of  Dr.  Hawley's  remarks  Secretary  Seward  addressed  his 
neighbors  and  friends  from  the  steps  of  his  residence,  as  follows  :  — 

My  Good  Friends  :  A  meeting  with  you  here  from  time  to  time, 
as  opportunity  serves  and  duty  permits,  is*  not  merely  a  privilege, 
but  even  a  blessing.  Your  greeting  on  this  occasion  comes  in  the 
season  when  fruits  are  clustered  around  us,  although  the  leaves 
above  our  heads  and  the  grass  beneath  our  feet  are  yet  fresh  and 
green.  The  assemblage  which  has  gathered  to  express  to  me  its 
good  wishes  harmonizes  with  the  season  and  the  scene.  However 
youthful  a  townsman  of  Auburn  is,  he  is  nevertheless  habitually 
thoughtful ;  however  old,  he  is  yet  always  cheerful  and  hopeful. 
This  particular  greeting  calls  up  not  mere  fancies,  but  memories  — 
some  new  and  others  old  ;  some  pleasing,  others  mournful ;  some 
private,  others  public ;  with  all  of  which,  however,  you  all  are  in- 
timately and  generously  associated ;  and  those  memories  have  be- 
come so  indelibly  impressed  upon  me  that  they  seem  to  me  to  con- 
stitute a  part  of  my  very  being.  We  have  met  occasionally  during 
the  past  five  years,  but  always  under  circumstances  that  were  pain- 
ful, and  which  excited  deep  solicitude.  You  freely  gave  me  your 
sympathies  then,  even  when  my  visits  were  hurried;  when  my  ap- 
peals to  you,  and  through  you  to  more  distant  fellow-citizens,  to 
make  new  efforts  and  sacrifices  for  our  suffering  country,  must  have 
seemed  querulous  and  exacting;  but  when  either  public  or  private 
anxieties  denied  me  the  privilege  of  even  temporary  rest  ami  calm- 
ness. Who  that  labored  under  the  weight  of  a  disproportionate  re- 
sponsibility could  have  rested  or  been  at  mase,  when  the  land  which 
he  ought  to  love  with  more  than  earthly  affection  was  threatened 


THE  PRESIDENT   AND   HIS  CABINET.  517 

every  day  with  a  violent  dissolution  of  its  political  institutions,  to 
be  too  quickly  followed  by  domestic  anarchy,  and  afterwards  by 
imperial,  and  possibly  foreign  despotism  !  Would  to  God  that  the 
patriots  of  Mexico  had  never,  in  the  midst  of  her  civil  commotions, 
taken  to  themselves  the  comfort  of  indifference  and  repose  !  But 
all  is  now  changed.  The  civil  war  is  ended.  Death  has  removed 
his  victims ;  liberty  has  crowned  her  heroes,  and  humanity  has  can- 
onized her  martyrs ;  the  sick  and  the  stricken  are  cured ;  the  surviv- 
ing combatants  are  fraternizing;  and  the  country  —  the  object  of 
our  just  pride  and  lawful  affection  —  once  more  stands  collected  and 
composed,  firmer,  stronger,  and  more  majestic  than  ever  before, 
without  one  cause  of  dangerous  discontent  at  home,  and  without  an 
enemy  in  the  world.  Why  should  we  not  felicitate  each  other  on 
this  change,  and  upon  the  new  prospects  which  open  before  us  ? 

These  prospects,  however,  cover  a  broad  field.  I  could  not  rightly 
tax  your  kindness  so  much  as  to  survey  the  whole  of  it ;  and  even  if 
I  were  willing,  you  would  kindty  remember  that  at  the  present  mo- 
ment my  power  of  speech  is  abridged.1  Only  magnanimous  themes 
are  worthy  of  your  intellectual  understanding,  or  compatible  with 
the  feelings  which  have  moved  this  interview. 

We  have  lost  the  great  and  good  Abraham  Lincoln.  He  had 
reached  a  stage  of  moral  consideration  when  his  name  alone,  if  en- 
circled with  a  martyr's  wreath,  would  be  more  useful  to  humanity 
than  his  personal  efforts  could  be  beneficial  to  any  one  country  as 
her  chosen  chief  magistrate.  He  is  now  associated  with  Washington. 
The  two  American  chiefs,  though  they  are  dead,  still  live,  and  they 
are  leading  the  entire  human  race  in  a  more  spirited  progress  to- 
ward fields  of  broader  liberty  and  higher  civilization. 

In  the  place  of  Abraham  Lincoln  we  have  a  new  President.  To 
most  of  you  he  is  personally  unknown.  The  people  around  me, 
with  their  customary  thoughtfulness,  are  inquiring  of  those  who  are 
nearer  to  him  than  themselves  what  manner  of  man  Andrew  John- 
son is,  and  what  manner  of  President  he  may  be  expected  to  be. 
When,  in  1861,  treason,  laying  aside,  for  the  moment,  the  already 
obnoxious  mask  of  slavery,  and  investing  itself  with  the  always  at- 
tractive and  honored  robes  of  democratic  freedom,  flashed  its  lurid 
light  through  the  Senate  chamber,  and  announced,  as  already  com- 
pleted, a  dissolution  of  the  Union,  then  a  leader,  who  should  be  at 

1  By  the  wounds  of  the  assassin. 


518  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

first  a  senatorial  and  afterward  a  popular  leader,  was  required,  to 
awaken  sleeping  loyalty  and  patriotism  throughout  the  land,  to  rouse 
its  unconscious  hosts  and  to  inspire  them  with  the  resolution  needed 
to  rescue  the  Constitution,  suppress  the  rebellion,  and  preserve  the 
integrity  of  the  Republic.  To  me  reason  seemed  to  suggest,  in  this 
case,  as  a  necessity  resulting  from  circumstances,  that  that  leader, 
while  he  should  be  a  capable,  inflexible,  and  devoted  patriot,  should 
also  be  a  citizen  of  a  hesitating  border  state  —  a  slaveholder  in  prac- 
tice, though  not  in  principle,  and  yet  in  principle  and  association  a 
democrat.  Andrew  Johnson,  of  Tennessee,  completely  filled  these 
complex  conditions,  and  with  the  consent  of  the  whole  American 
people  he  assumed  the  great  responsibility.  The  insurrection  soon 
became  flagitious,  insolent,  defiant,  and  announced,  to  the  astonish- 
ment of  mankind,  that  the  pretended  free  empire  which  it  was 
building  by  usurpation  within  forbidden  borders  was  founded  upon 
the  corner-stone  of  slavery  !  The  newly  inaugurated  President,  with 
decision,  not  unaccompanied  by  characteristic  prudence,  announced 
that  thenceforth  slavery  should  be  deemed  and  treated  as  a  public 
enemy.  Andrew  Johnson  accepted  the  new  condition  of  his  popu- 
lar leadership  which  this  announcement  created,  and  thenceforward 
he  openly,  freely,  and  honestly  declared,  not  only  that  the  erection 
of  the  new  edifice  should  be  prevented,  but  the  corner-stone  of 
slavery  itself,  the  rock  of  all  our  past  as  well  as  of  all  our  then  fu- 
ture dangers,  should  be  uplifted  and  removed,  and  cast  out  from 
the  Republic.  Whatever  may  have  been  thought  by  you,  or  by 
me,  or  by  others,  at  that  time,  it  is  now  apparent  that  the  at- 
tempted revolution  culminated  when  the  national  banner  was  for 
the  first  time  successfully  replanted  by  our  gallant  army  on  the 
banks  of  the  Cumberland,  and  when  Tennessee,  first  among  the 
border  states  which  had  been  reluctantly  carried  into  rebellion,  of- 
fered once  more  a  foothold  and  a  resting-place  to  the  authorities  of 
the  Union.  From  that  time,  while  it  was  yet  necessary  to  prose- 
cute the  war  with  such  energies  as  human  nature  had  never  before 
exerted,  it  was  at  the  same  time  equally  needful,  with  wisdom 
which  had  never  been  surpassed,  to  prosecute  the  beneficent  work 
of  restoring  the  Union,  and  harmonizing  the  great  political  family 
which,  although  it  had  been  temporarily  distracted,  was  destined, 
nevertheless,  to  live  and  grow  forever  ujider  that  majestic  protection. 
The  abolition  of  slavery   was   thenceforth  equally   an  element  of 


THE   PRESIDENT   AND   HIS  CABINET.  519 

persistent  war  and  of  returning  peace.  He  neither  reads  history 
with  care  nor  studies  the  ways  of  Providence  with  reverence,  who 
does  not  see  that,  for  the  prosecution  of  these  double,  diverse,  and 
yet  equally  important  purposes  of  war  and  peace,  Andrew  Johnson 
was  fitly  appointed  to  be  a  Provisional  Governor  hi  Tennessee  — 
the  first  of  a  series  of  Provisional  Governors  afterward  to  be  as- 
signed to  the  insurrectionary  states  —  and  was  subsequently  elected 
Vice  President,  and  in  the  end  constitutionally  inaugurated  Presi- 
dent of  the  United  States. 

We  are  continually  hearing  debates  concerning  the  origin  and 
authority  of  the  plan  of  restoration.  New  converts,  North  and 
South,  call  it  the  President's  plan.  All  speak  of  it  as  if  it  were  a 
new  and  recent  development.  On  the  contrary,  we  now  see  that  it 
is  not  specially  Andrew  Johnson's  plan,  nor  even  a  new  plan  in  any 
respect.  It  is  the  plan  which  abruptly  yet  distinctly  offered  itself 
to  the  last  administration,  at  the  moment  I  have  before  recalled, 
when  the  work  of  restoration  was  to  begin  ;  at  the  moment  when, 
although  by  the  world  unperceived,  it  did  begin  ;  and  it  is  the  only 
plan  which  thus  seasonably  presented  itself;  and,  therefore,  it  is  the 
only  possible  plan  which  then  or  ever  afterward  could  be  adopted. 
This  plan,  although  occasionally  requiring  variation  of  details,  nev- 
ertheless admits  of  no  substantial  change  or  modification.  It  could 
neither  be  enlarged  nor  contracted.  State  conventions  in  loyal 
states,  however  favorable,  in  disloyal  states,  however  hostile,  could 
not  lawfully  or  effectually  disallow  it ;  and  even  the  people  them- 
selves, when  amending  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  are 
only  giving  to  that  plan  its  just  and  needful  sovereign  sanction.  In 
the  meantime,  the  executive  and  legislative  authorities  of  Congress 
can  do  no  more  than  discharge  their  proper  functions  of  protecting 
the  recently  insurgent  states  from  anarchy  during  the  intervening 
period  while  the  plan  is  being  carried  into  execution.  It  is  essen- 
tial to  this  plan  that  the  insurrectionary  states  shall,  by  themselves, 
and  for  themselves,  accept  and  adopt  this  plan,  and  thereby  submit 
themselves  to  and  recognize  the  national  authority.  This  is  what  I 
meant  when  I  said  to  Mr.  Adams,  in  a  passage  which  you  may  possibly 
recall,  that  in  the  sense  in  which  the  word  subjugation  was  then  used 
by  the  enemies  of  the  United  States,  at  home  and  abroad,  it  was  not 
the  expectation  or  purpose  of  this  government  that  the  Southern 
States  should  be  subjugated;  but  that  I  thought  that  those  states 


520  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

would  be  brought,  by  the  judiciously  mingled  exercise  of  pressure  aud 
persuasion,  to  a  condition  in  which  they  would  voluntarily  return  to 
their  allegiance.  This  was  the  explanation  which  Mr.  Adams  gave 
to  Lord  Palmerston,  the  Prime  Minister  of  England,  when  that 
great,  and,  as  I  trust,  not  unfriendly  statesman,  said  that  he  did  not 
believe  that  the  Federal  Union  could  be  restored,  because  he  knew 
that  while  any  man  can  lead  a  horse  to  the  water,  no  man  could 
make  him  drink.  The  plan,  therefore,  recognizes  not  the  destruc- 
tion, nor  even  the  subversion  of  states,  but  their  actual  existence  ; 
and  it  reasons  from  facts  as  they  are,  not  from  assumed  or  possible 
changes  to  be  effected  by  continual  war  —  much  less  does  it  reason 
from  mere  chimeras.  This  absolute  existence  of  the  states  which 
constitute  the  republic  is  the  most  palpable  of  all  the  facts  with 
which  the  American  statesman  has  to  deal.  If  many  have  stumbled 
over  it  into  treason  and  rebellion,  the  fact,  for  all  legitimate  deduc- 
tions and  purposes,  nevertheless  remains.  In  a  practical  sense,  at 
least,  the  states  were  before  the  American  Union  was.  Even  while 
they  were  colonies  of  the  British  crown,  they  still  were  embryo 
states  —  several,  free,  self-existing,  and  indestructible.  Our  Fed- 
eral Republic  exists,  and  -henceforth  and  forever  must  exist,  through, 
not  the  creation,  but  the  combination  of  these  several,  free,  self-ex- 
isting, stubborn  states.  These  states  are  not  stakes  driven  into  the 
ground  by  an  imperial  hand,  nor  are  they  posts  hauled  together, 
squared,  and  hewed,  and  so  erected  loosely  upon  it ;  but  they  are 
living,  growing,  majestic  trees,  whose  roots  are  widely  spread  and 
interlaced  within  the  soil,  and  whose  shade  covers  the  earth.  If  at 
any  time  any  of  these  trees  shall  be  blown  down  or  upturned  by  vio- 
lence, it  must  be  lifted  up  again  in  its  proper  place,  and  sustained  by 
kindly  hands  until  it  has  renewed  its  natural  stability  and  erect- 
ness !  If  at  any  time  the  American  Union  is  fractured  through  a 
lesion  of  one  of  its  limbs,  that  limb  must  be  restored  to  soundness 
before  due  constitutional  health  and  vigor  can  be  brought  hack  to 
the  whole  system.  If  one  of  these  limbs  offend,  we  have  indeed  the 
power  —  and  I  will  not  cavil  about  the  right  —  to  cut  it  off  and  cast 
it  away  from  us ;  but  when  we  should  have  done  that,  we  would 
have  done  just  what  other  nations  less  wise  than  ourselves  have 
done,  that  have  submitted  unnecessarily  to  amputation,  and  given 
up  a  material  portion  of  their  strength,  to  save  themselves  from  ap- 
prehended destruction.     We  know  the  inherent  strength,  vitality, 


THE  PRESIDENT   AND   HIS   CABINET.  521 

and  vigor  of  the  whole  American  people.  We  neither  passionately 
torment  any  offending  limb,  nor  consent  to  its  being  cut  off,  be- 
cause we  know  that  all  of  our  limbs  are  capable  of  being  restored, 
and  all  are  necessary  to  the  prolongation  of  our  national  life. 

You  will  ask  whether  a  reconciliation  which  follows  so  closely 
upon  military  coercion  can  be  relied  upon.  Can  it  be  sincere?  Can 
it  be  permanent?  I  answer:  Do  you  admit  separation  to  be  in  any 
case  possible  ?  Does  anybody  now  believe  that  it  ever  will  hereafter 
become  possible  ?  Will  you  yourselves  now  or  ever  consent  to  it  ? 
You  answer  ail  these  questions  in  the  negative.  Is  not  reconcilia- 
tion, then,  not  only  desirable,  but  imperative  ?  Is  any  other  recon- 
ciliation, under  the  circumstances,  possible?  Certainly  you  must 
accept  this  proposed  reconciliation,  or  you  must  purpose  to  delay 
and  wait  until  you  can  procure  a  better  one.  Good  surgery  requires 
that  even  simple  wounds,  much  more  severe  ones,  shall  be  healed,  if 
possible,  at  the  first  intention.  Would  not  delay  necessarily  pro- 
long anarchy  ?  Are  you  sure  that  you  can  procure  a  better  recon- 
ciliation after  prolonged  anarchy,  without  employing  force?  Who 
will  advocate  the  employment  of  force  merely  to  hinder  and  delay, 
through  prolonged  anarchy,  a  reconciliation  which  is  feasible  and 
perfectly  consistent  with  the  Constitution  ?  In  what  part  of  the  Con- 
stitution is  written  the  power  to  continue  civil  war  against  succumb- 
ing states,  for  ultimate  political  triumph  ?  What  would  this  be  but, 
in  fact,  to  institute  a  new  civil  war,  after  one  had  ended  with  the 
complete  attainment  of  the  lawful  objects  for  which  it  was  waged? 
Congress  and  the  administration  have  power  to  levy  wars  against  for- 
eign states  for  whatever  cause  they  see  fit.  Congress  and  the  Presi- 
dent have  a  right  to  accept  or  even  make  war  against  any  part  of 
the  people  of  the  United.  States  only  under  their  limited  power 
to  suppress  sedition  and  insurrection,  and  for  that  purpose  only. 
What  then  ?  Must  we  give  up  the  hope  of  further  elevation  of 
classes  in  the  several  states  without  any  new  guarantees  for  individ- 
ual liberty  and  progress  ?  By  no  means.  Marching  in  this  path  of 
progress  and  elevation  of  masses  is  what  we  have  been  doing  still 
more  effectually  in  the  prosecution  of  the  war.  It  is  a  national 
march,  as  onward  and  irresistible  as  the  late  conflict  between  free 
and  slave  labor  was  vigorous  and  irrepressible.  The  plan  of  recon- 
ciliation we  are  pursuing  has  given  us  two  great  national  advances 
in  this  progress  of  moral  and  political  elevation,  which  are  now  to 


522  •  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

be  made  fast  and  firmly  fixed.  First,  it  secures  a  voluntary  aboli- 
tion of  slavery  by  every  state  which  has  engaged  in  insurrection ; 
and  secondly,  it  must  secure  and  does  secure  an  effectual  adoption 
by  the  late  slave  states  themselves  of  the  amendment  of  the  Federal 
Constitution,  which  declares  that  neither  slavery  nor  involuntary 
servitude,  except  for  crime,  shall  ever  hereafter  exist  in  any  part  of 
the  United  States.  The  people  who  have  so  steadily  adhered  to  the 
true  path  of  democratic  progress  and  civilization  through  all  the  se- 
ductions of  peace,  and  through  so  many  difficulties  and  at  such  fear- 
ful cost  in  war,  will  now  have  new  inducements  and  encouragements 
to  persevere  in  that  path  until  they  shall  have  successfully  reduced 
to  a  verity  the  sublime  assertion  of  the  political  equality  of  all  men, 
which  the  founders,  in  their  immortal  declaration,  laid  down  as  the 
true  basis  of  American  Union. 

It  is  certain  that  the  plan  of  reconciliation  which  I  have  thus 
largely  explained  must  and  will  be  adopted.  It  may,  however,  be 
hindered  or  hastened.  How  can  it  be  hindered  ?  You  show  your- 
selves aware  of  the  answer  when  you  fasten  upon  any  violent,  fac- 
tious, or  seditious  exhibition  of  passion  or  discontent  in  any  of  the 
lately  rebellious  states  and  argue  from  it  the  failure  of  the  plan. 
You  argue  justly.  Every  turbulent  and  factious  person  in  the  lately 
insurrectionary  states  is  resisting,  hindering,  and  delaying  the  work 
of  restoration  to  the  extent  of  his  ability.  But  the  case  is  precisely 
the  same  with  ourselves.  Manifestations  of  doubt,  distrust,  crimi- 
nation, contempt,  or  defiance,  in  the  loyal  states,  are  equally  injuri- 
ous, and  equally  tend  to  delay  the  work  of  reconciliation.  How, 
then,  shall  it  be  hastened  ?  I  reply,  virtually  in  the  language  of  the 
President,  in  the  spirit  of  the  Constitution,  and  in  harmony,  not 
only  with  our  politics,  but  with  our  religion.  **  We  must  trust 
each  other."'  Can  we  not  trust  each  other?  Once  we  were  friends. 
We  have  since  been  enemies.  We  are  friends  again.  But,  whether 
in  friendship  or  in  enmity,  in  peace  or  in  war,  we  are  and  can  be 
nothing  else  to  each  other  than  brethren.  A  few  evenings  ago,  an 
hundred  Southern  men,  who  recently  had  been  more  or  less  influen- 
tial and  leading  revolutionists,  visited  my  house  at  Washington. 
They  were  frank,  unreserved,  and  earnest  in  their  assurances  of  ac- 
quiescence and  reconciliation,  as  I  also  was  in  mine.  Happily,  a 
party  of  intelligent  Englishmen  were  in  my  dwelling  at  the  same.  time. 
1  introduced  the  late  rebels  to  the  representatives  of  sympathizing 


THE   PRESIDENT   AND   HIS   CABINET.  523 

England,  and  I  said  to  the  parties  :  "  You  lately  each  of  you 
thought  that  the  Southern  men  preferred  British  rule  to  citizenship 
in  the  United  States."  While  the  Englishmen  individually  dis- 
claimed, both  parties  promptly  answered,  as  they  do  now,  that  the 
idea  was  not  merely  a  delusion,  but  an  absurd  mistake.  They  now 
knew  that  even  during  the  excitement  of  the  war,  the  American 
citizen,  whether  North  or  South,  really  preferred  his  own  country- 
men of  every  section  to  any  other  people  in  the  world. 

Some  of  you  fear  that  the  President  may  be  too  lenient  to  those 
Southern  leaders  who  plunged  the  country  into  the  calamities  of  civil 
war.  Except  those  of  you  who  have  been  maimed  or  bereaved, 
have  any  of  you  suffered  more  of  wrong,  insult,  and  violence  at  the 
hands  of  those  leaders  than  he  has  ?  Can  we  not  forget  where  he 
can  forgive?  Are  you  aware  that  his  terms  of  amnesty  are  far 
more  rigorous  than  those  which  were  offered  by  Abraham  Lincoln? 
Have  you  ever  seen  the  majesty  of  law  more  firmly  maintained  than 
it  has  been  by  him  in  the  exercise  of  discriminating  clemency  ? 
Some  of  you  seem  to  have  been  slightly  disturbed  by  professions  or 
demonstrations  of  favor  toward  the  President  made  by  parties  who 
have  heretofore  opposed  his  administration,  as  well  as  the  adminis- 
tration of  his  predecessor.  And  you  ask :  May  not  the  President 
yet  prove  unfaithful  to  us  ?  For  myself,  I  laid  aside  partizanship, 
if  I  had  any,  in  1861,  when  the  salvation  of  the  country  demanded 
that  sacrifice.  It  is  not,  therefore,  my  purpose  to  descend  to  mere 
partizanship  now.  Andrew  Johnson  laid  aside,  I  am  sure,  whatever 
of  partizanship  he  had,  at  the  same  time.  That  noble  act  did  not 
allow,  but,  on  the  other  hand,  it  forbade  collusion  by  the  friends  of 
the  Union  with  opponents  of  the  policies  of  the  war  and  of  reconcil- 
iation which  the  government  has  found  it  necessary  to  pursue. 
Duty  requires  absolute  and  uncompromising  fidelity  to  the  support- 
ers of  those  policies,  whosoever  and  of  whatsoever  party  they  may 
be.  Andrew  Johnson  has  practised  that  fidelity  against  the  violence 
of  enemies,  to  the  sacrifice  of  his  fortune,  the  hazard  of  his  liberty, 
and  even  the  peril  of  his  life.  The  same  fidelity  is  still  identified 
with  the  success  of  those  policies,  and,  of  course,  is  necessary  to  the 
achievement  of  their  magnificent  ends.  Why  should  ho  now 
abandon  those  policies,  and  desert  time-honored  and  favored  support- 
ers, merely  because  the  dawning  success  of  our  efforts  has  compelled 
former  opponents  to  approve  and  accept  them?     Patriotism  and 


524  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

loyalty  equally,  however,  require  that  fidelity  in  this  case  should  be 
mutual.  Be  ye  faithful,  therefore,  on  your  part,  and  although  the 
security  I  offer  is  unnecessary  and  superfluous,  yet  I  will  guarantee 
fidelity  on  his  part.  Those  who  hitherto  opposed  the  President,  but 
now  profess  to  support  him,  either  are  sincere  or  insincere.  Time 
must  prove  which  is  the  fact.  If  they  are  sincere,  who  that  has  a 
loyal  heart  must  not  rejoice  in  their  late,  though  too-long-delayed 
conversion  ?  If  they  are  insincere,  are  we  either  less  sagacious  or 
have  we  less  ability  now  than  heretofore  to  counteract  treachery 
to  the  national  cause  ?  Perhaps  you  fear  the  integrity  of  the  man. 
I  confess,  with  a  full  sense  of  my  accountability,  that  among  all  the 
public  men  whom  I  have  met  or  with  whom  I  have  been  associated 
or  concerned,  in  this  or  any  other  country,  no  one  has  seemed  to  me 
to  be  more  wholly  free  from  personal  caprice  and  selfish  ambition 
than  Andrew  Johnson ;  none  to  be  more  purely  and  exclusively 
moved  in  public  action  by  love  of  country  and  good  will  to  man- 
kind. 

I  hope  I  have  said  enough  of  the  President.  Shall  I  now  speak 
of  his  associates  in  administration  —  the  heads  of  executive  depart- 
ments, as  they  are  called  ?  I  do  it  cheerfully,  because  now,  for  the 
first  time,  I  am  free  to  speak  of  them  as  I  truly  regard  and  esteem 
them.  Heretofore  I  could  not  do  so  without  inviting  what  might 
prove  injurious  debate  ;  moreover,  I  could  not  do  so  without  seem- 
ing to  desire  for  myself  some  exemption  from  censure,  some  exercise 
of  clemency,  which  self-respect  forbade  me  personally  to  invoke. 
For  the  time,  I  said  to  myself :  — 

"  My  name  is  lost; 
By  treason's  tooth  bare-knawn  and  canker-bit. 
Yet  I  am  noble  as  the  adversary 
I  come  to  cope  withal." 

That  time  has  passed  away.  The  present  and  the  last  adminis- 
trations are  inseparably  allied.  Their  work  is  now  either  completely 
done,  or  its  end  is  near  at  hand.  The  heads  of  departments  in  these 
allied  administrations  are  now  separable  without  injury  to  the  na- 
tional safety  and  welfare.  Each  is  entitled  to  his  proper  merit, 
and  each  must  be  content  to  bear  his  distinct  responsibility. 

We  have  had  three  Secretaries  of  the  Treasury.  I  believe  that 
the  fiscal  system  under  which  the  nation  has  been  conducted  through 
greater  difficulties  than  any  other  nation  ever  encountered  was  not 


THE  PRESIDENT   AND   HIS   CABINET.  525 

only  wisely  projected  and  efficiently  organized  by  Mr.  Chase,  but 
was  the  only  one  which,  under  the  then  existing  circumstances,  could 
have  been  successful.  There  has  been  since  no  departure  from  that 
plan,  nor  any  relaxation  in  pursuing  it,  by  either  his  immediate 
successor,  Mr.  Fessenden,  or  by  Mr.'  McCulloch,  the  present  in- 
cumbent. Intricate  financial  questions  must  continue  to  present 
themselves  from  time  to  time,  until  we  shall  have  turned  the  outgo- 
ing tide  of  debt,  and  begun  to  experience  the  incoming  flow  of  sur- 
plus revenue.  For  myself  I  can  safely  leave  them  to  the  care  of 
the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury. 

We  have  had  two  Secretaries  of  War,  Mr.  Cameron  and  Mr.  Stan- 
ton. The  period  of  the  first  was  short ;  that  of  the  last  has  been 
long.  Of  Mr.  Cameron  I  bear  witness  that  he  was  in  all  things 
honest,  earnest,  zealous,  and  patriotic.  Of  Mr.  Stanton  I  am  to 
speak  in  even  more  exalted  praise.  My  acquaintance  with  him 
began  amid  the  hours  of  deep  and  overwhelming  solicitude  which 
filled  what  may  justly  be  called  an  interregnum  which  occurred 
between  the  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln  to  the  Presidency,  in 
November,  1860,  and  his  inauguration,  in  March,  1861,  and  while 
Edwin  M.  Stanton  was  an  acting  member  of  the  waning  adminis- 
tration of  James  Buchanan.  From  that  time,  through  all  the  period 
which  elapsed,  until  April,  1865,  when  the  siege  of  the  capital  was 
raised,  and  the  fearful  tragedy  of  the  country  was  closed  with  the 
assassination  of  the  Chief  Magistrate  who  had  saved  it,  I  hourly 
saw  and  closely  observed,  by  night  and  by  day,  the  Secretary  of 
War.  I  saw  him  organize  and  conduct  a  war  of  pure  repression, 
greater  than  any  war  which  mankind  has  before  experienced.  In 
all  that  time  I  saw  no  great  or  serious  error  committed.  I  saw,  as 
you  have  all  seen,  the  greatest  military  results  achieved  —  results 
which  the  whole  world  regarded  as  impossible.  There  is  not  one 
of  those  results  that  is  not  more  or  less  directly  due  to  the  fertile 
invention,  sagacious  preparation,  and  indomitable  perseverance  and 
energy  of  the  Secretary  of  War.  I  have  never  known  him  to  ex- 
press or  even  betray  a  thought  in  regard  to  our  country  which  was 
not  divine.  What  remains  to  be  done,  by  exhibiting  military  force 
in  bringing  the  insurrectionary  states  out  from  anarchy  into  a  con- 
dition of  internal  peace  and  cooperation  with  the  government,  may 
be  safely  trusted  to  him. 

I   am    equally   satisfied  with   the   naval   administration   of  Mr. 


526  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

Welles ;  and  yet  I  am  bound  to  acknowledge  that,  during  the  whole 
period  of  his  service,  the  navy  has  practically  enjoyed  the  adminis- 
tration of  two  sagacious  and  effective  chiefs.  The  Secretary  of  the 
Navy  will  himself,  I  am  sure,  approve  and  thank  me  for  this  tribute 
to  his  assistant, 'Captain  Fox.  The  Department  has  achieved  glory 
enough  to  divide  between  them.  I  apprehend  neither  now  nor  in 
any  near  future  any  danger  of  maritime  collision  or  conflict  ;  but  I 
think  the  maintenance  of  naval  preparation  equally  advantageous, 
both  at  home  and  abroad,  with  regard  to  questions  which,  without 
that  precaution,  might  possibly  arise.  I  am  content  to  leave  the 
responsibility  of  this  case  with  Mr.  Welles. 

We  have  had  three  Secretaries  of  the  Interior,  or  Home  Depart- 
ment—  Mr.  Smith,  Mr.  Usher,  and  Mr.  Harlan.  Amid  the  tu- 
mults of  war  and  the  terror  inspired  by  foreign  conspiracies,  the 
operations  of  the  Home  Department  have  all  the  while  been  carried 
on  without  arresting  attention,  or  even  obtaining  observation.  It 
might  be  sufficient  praise  to  say  of  its  chiefs  that  now,  when  the 
time  for  scrutiny  has  come,  those  unobserved  operations  are  found 
to  have  been  faultless.  But  this  is  not  all.  A  thousand,  five  thou- 
sand years  hence,  men  will  inquire  when  and  by  whom  was  pro- 
jected and  instituted  the  steam  overland  connection,  which,  during 
all  the  intervening  period,  will  be  seen  to  have  indissolubly  bound 
the  distant  coasts  of  the  Pacific  to  the  shores  of  the  Atlantic  Ocean. 
The  answer  will  be,  it  was  projected  and  instituted  by  the  Secreta- 
ries of  the  Interior  during  the  administration  of  Abraham  Lincoln. 

We  have  had  two  Postmasters  General.  No  more  prudent  or 
efficient  one  than  Montgomery  Blair  has  ever  presided  in  that  De- 
partment. In  his  successor,  Mr.  Dennison,  we  find  a  practised 
statesman,  who,  under  the  improved  circumstances  of  our  national 
condition,  is  giving  us  special  and  peculiar  cause  for  satisfaction. 
He  is  promptly  restoring  the  transportation  of  mails  throughout 
the  late  theatre  of  war,  and  in  that  way  performing  an  eminent 
part  in  the  reconciliation  of  the  American  people.  Watchful  of  the 
interests  of  external  as  well  as  of  internal  commerce,  he  has  brought 
into  action  a  new  and  direct  postal  line  with  Brazil,  and  thus  has 
introduced  us  to  more  intimate  intercourse  with  the  states  of  South 
America.  A  year  hence  we  shall  see  him  extending  commercial, 
political,  and  friendly  connection  to  the  islands  of  the  Pacific  and 
the  great  continents  that  lie  beyond  it. 


THE   PRESIDENT   AND   HIS   CABINET.  527 

I  wish  you  all  could  understand  Mr.  Speed,  the  Attorney  Gen- 
eral, as  I  do.  I  do  not  know  whether  be  is  to  be  admired  more  for 
varied  and  accurate  learning,  or  for  what  seems  to  be  an  intuitive 
faculty  of  moral  philosophy.  Only  the  delicate  nervous  system, 
which  we  all  enjoy,  but  so  seldom  appreciate,  seems  to  me  to  fur- 
nish a  parallel  for  his  quick  sensibilities  in  the  discovery  and  appre- 
ciation of  truth.  Firmer  than  most  men  in  his  convictions,  and 
braver  in  his  hopes  of  the  progress  of  humanity,  he  is  nevertheles 
temperate,  thoughtful,  and  wise  in  the  conduct  of  administration. 

These  are  they  who  were  or  are  the  counsellors  and  agents  of  the 
President  of  the  United  States  during  the  eventful  period  through 
which  we  have  passed.  That  they  have  always  agreed  from  the 
first  in  deciding  the  momentous  questions  with  which  they  were 
engaged  is  not  asserted.  A  Cabinet  which  should  agree  at  once  on 
every  such  question  would  be  no  better  or  safer  than  one  counsellor. 
Our  republican  system,  and  the  political  system  of  every  free  coun- 
try, requires,  if  not  a  **  multitude  of  counsellors,"  at  least  an  aggre- 
gation and  diverseness  of  counsellors.  But  this  I  do  maintain  and 
confidently  proclaim,  that  every  important  decision  of  the  adminis- 
tration has  been  wise.  I  maintain  with  equal  firmness,  and  de- 
clare with  still  greater  pleasure,  the  opinion  that  no  council  of 
government  ever  existed  in  a  revolutionary  period  in  any  nation 
which  was  either  more  harmonious  or  more  loyal  to  each  other,  to 
their  chief,  and  to  their  country.  Had  this  council  been  at  any 
time  less  harmonious  or  less  loyal,  I  should  then  have  feared  the 
downfall  of  the  Republic. 

Happily,  I  need  not  enter  the  field  to  assign  honors  to  our  mili- 
tary and  naval  chiefs.  Their  achievements,  while  they  have  excited 
the  admiration  and  won  the  affectionate  gratitude  of  all  our  country- 
men, have  already  become  a  grand  theme  of  universal  history. 

I  omit  to  speak  of  foreign  nations,  and  of  the  proceedings  of  the 
government  in  regard  to  them,  for  two  reasons :  first,  because  the 
discussion  of  such  questions  is  for  a  season  necessarily  conducted 
without  immediate  publicity;  the  other  is  a  reason  I  need  not  as- 
sign. Nevertheless,  I  may  say  in  general  terms  this:  We  have 
claims  upon  foreign  nations  for  injuries  to  the  United  States  and 
their  citizens,  and  other  nations  have  presented  claims  against  this 
government,  for  alleged  injuries  to  them  or  their  subjects.  Al- 
though these  claims  are  chiefly  of  a  personal  and  pecuniary  nature, 


528  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

yet  the  discussion  of  them  involves  principles  essential  to  the  inde- 
pendence of  states  and  harmony  among  the  nations.  I  believe  that 
the  President  will  conduct  this  part  of  our  affairs  in  such  a  manner 
as  to  yield  and  recover  indemnities  justly  due,  without  any  com- 
promise of  the  national  dignity  and  honor.  With  whatever  jealousy 
we  may  adhere  to  our  inherited  principle  of  avoiding  entangling 
alliances  with  foreign  nations,  the  United  States  must  continue  to 
exercise  —  as  always  before  our  civil  war  they  did  exercise  —  a  just 
and  beneficent  influence  in  the  international  conduct  of  foreign 
states,  particularly  those  which  are  near  to  us  on  this  continent, 
and  which  are  especially  endeared  to  us  by  their  adoption  of  repub- 
lican institutions.  That  just  influence  of  ours  was  impaired,  as 
might  have  been  apprehended  by  the  American  people,  when  they 
fell  into  the  distractions  of  civil  war.  With  the  return  of  peace  it 
is  coming  back  to  us  again,  in  greater  strength  than  ever.  I  am 
sure  that  this  important  interest  has  not  been  lost  sight  of  by 
the  President  of  the  United  States  for  a  single  moment,  and  I 
expect  that  we  shall  see  republican  institutions,  wherever  they 
have  been  heretofore  established  throughout  the  American  con- 
tinent, speedily  vindicated,  renewed,  and  reinvigorated.  When  I 
shall  see  this  progress  successfully  worked  out  on  the  American 
continent,  I  shall  then  look  for  the  signs  of  its  successful  working 
throughout  the  other  continents. 

It  is  thus  that  I  think  the  administrations  of  Abraham  Lincoln 
and  Andrew  Johnson  may  be  assumed  as  an  epoch  at  which  hu- 
manity will  resume  with  new  spirit  and  courage  the  career  which, 
however  slow,  is  nevertheless  constantly  directed  toward  the  destruc- 
tion of  every  form  of  human  slavery,  and  the  political  equality  of 
all  men. 

And  now,  my  dear  friends  and  neighbors,  after  this  pleasant  in- 
terview, we  part  once  more — you  to  continue,  I  hope  with  un- 
abated success  and  pleasure,  your  accustomed  domestic  and  social 
pursuits;  I  return  to  the  capital,  there  to  watch  and  wait  and  work 
on  a  little  longer.  But  we  shall  meet  again.  We  came  together 
to-day  to  celebrate  the  end  of  the  civil  war.  We  will  come  together 
again  under  next  October's  sun,  to  rejoice  in  the  restoration  of 
peace,  harmony,  and  union  throughout  the  land.  Until  that  time  I 
refrain  from  what  would  be  a  pleasant  task  —  the  forecasting  of  the 
material  progress  of  the  country,  the  normal  increase  of  population 


RESTORATION   OP   UNION.  529 

by  birth  and  immigration,  and  its  diffusion  over  the  now  obliterated 
line  of  Mason  and  Dixon,  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  and  over  and 
across  the  Rocky  Mountains  along  the  border  of  Mexico  to  the 
Pacific  Ocean.  I  say  now  only  this:  Go  on,  fellow-citizens,  in- 
crease and  multiply  as  you  have  heretofore  done.  Extend  channels 
of  internal  commerce  as  the  development  of  agricultural,  forest,  and 
mineral  resources  requires.  Improve  your  harbors,  consolidate  the 
Union  now  while  you  can,  without  unconstitutionally  centralizing 
the  government,  and  henceforth  you  will  enjoy,  as  a  tribute  of 
respect  and  confidence,  that  security  at  home  and  that  consideration 
abroad  which  maritime  powers  of  the  world  have  of  late,  when  their 
candor  was  specially  needed,  only  reluctantly  and  partially  con- 
ceded. May  our  Heavenly  Father  bless  you  and  your  families  and 
friends,  and  have  you  all  in  His  holy  keeping  until  the  rolling 
months  shall  bring  around  that  happy  meeting  in  1866 ;  and  so, 
for  the  present,  farewell. 


RESTORATION    OF    UNION. 

New  York,  Cooper  Institute,  February  22,  1866. 

I  WAS  at  Auburn  in  this  our  old  and  honored  State  of  New 
York  in  October,  and  I  spoke  then  what  I  thought  would  be  per- 
tinent to  public  affairs  for  a  whole  year.  The  summons  of  friends 
in  the  city  of  New  York  brings  me  back  after  the  expiration  of  only 
three  months.  Their  demand  is,  I  confess,  rather  hard  upon  me, 
under  the  circumstances.  Nevertheless,  I  obey.  I  am  no  secession- 
ist. I  profess  to  understand  how  to  obey  the  commands  of  the 
people  of  my  own  state,  without  violating  my  allegiance  to  the 
United  States. 

Now,  what  shall  I  speak  of  or  about?  The  call  of  your  meeting 
specifies  the  subject.1  But  first,  let  me  say  that  I  am  not  here  as 
an  alarmist;  I  am  not  here  to  say  that  the  nation  is  in  peril  or 
danger  —  in  peril  if  you  adopt  the  opinions  of  the  President ;  in  peril 
if  you  reject  them  ;  in  peril  if  you  adopt  the  views  of  the  apparent 
or  real  majority  of  Congress,  or  if  you  reject  them.  It  is  not  in 
peril  any  way  ;  nor  do  I  think  the  cause  of  liberty  and  human  free- 

J  Washington's  Birthday.  —  The  principles  of  the  President's  Messages. 
34 


530  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

doin,  the  cause  of  progress,  melioration,  or  civilization,  the  cause  of 
national  aggrandizement,  present  or  future,  material  or  moral,  is  in 
danger  of  being  long  arrested,  whether  you  adopt  one  set  of  political 
opinions  or  another.  The  Union  —  that  is  to  say,  the  nation  —  has 
been  rescued  from  all  its  perils.  The  noble  ship  has  passed  from 
tempests  and  billows  within  the  verge  of  a  safe  harbor,  and  is  now 
securely  riding  into  her  ancient  moorings,  without  a  broken  spar  or 
a  leak,  starboard  or  larboard,  fore  or  aft.  There  are  some  small 
reefs  yet  to  pass  as  she  approaches  those  moorings.  One  pilot  says 
that  she  may  safely  enter  directly  through  them.  The  other  savs 
that  she  must  back,  and,  lowering  sail,  take  time  to  go  around  them. 
That  is  all  the  difference;  it  is  merely  the  difference  of  opinion 
between  the  pilots.  I  should  not  practise  my  habitual  charity  if  I 
did  not  admit  that  I  think  them  both  sincere  and  honest.  But  the 
vessel  will  go  in  safely,  one  way  or  the  other.  The  worst  that  need 
happen  will  be  that,  by  taking  the  wrong  instead  of  the  right  pas- 
sage, or  even  taking  the  right  passage,  and  avoiding  the  wrong  one, 
the  vessel  may  roll  a  little,  and  some  honest,  capable,  and  even 
deserving  politicians,  statesmen,  President,  or  Congressmen  may 
get  washed  overboard.  I  should  be  sorry  for  this,  but  if  it  cannot 
be  helped,  it  can  be  borne.  If  I  am  one  of  the  unfortunates,  let 
no  friend  be  concerned  on  that  account.  As  honest,  as  good,  as 
capable  politicians,  statesmen,  Congressmen,  and  Presidents  will 
make  their  appearance  hereafter,  faster  than  needed,  to  command 
the  ship,  as  well  and  as  wisely  as  any  that  have  heretofore  stalked 
their  hour  upon  the  deck,  in  the  alternations  of  calm  and  tempest 
that  always  attend  political  navigation. 

Nevertheless,  although  I  do  not  think  we  are  in  a  crisis,  the  ques- 
tion to-day  is  worthy  of  deliberate  examination  and  consideration. 
It  is  always  important,  in  going  into  a  port  or  preparing  for  a  new 
departure,  to  take  accurate  observations,  in  order  to  ascertain 
whether  the  ship  and  crew  are  sound  and  in  good  fastening  and  in 
good  sailing  condition.  The  subject  before  us  is  a  difference  of 
opinion  that  reveals  itself  but  too  clearly  between  the  executive  ad- 
ministration of  the  President  and  the  legislative  counsellors  of  the 
nation.  The  President,  as  we  all  see,  is  a  man  of  decided  convic- 
tions; the  legislative  leaders,  if  we  may  judge  from  their  resolu- 
tions, are  trying  to  decide  not  to  coincide  with  him  in  opinion. 
They  have  appealed  to  us,  outsiders  as  we  are,  to  pronounce  be- 


RESTORATION  OF   UNION.  531 

tween  them.     I  will  try  to  show  you  what  the  nature  and  character 
of  the  difference  is. 

Some  of  you,  few  or  many,  hare  been  occasionally  in  a  theatre. 
You  may  remember  a  play  that  had  some  popularity  a  few  years 
ago,  entitled  "  The  Nervous  Man  and  the  Man  of  Nerve."  Both  of 
these  characters  were  well-to-do  country  gentlemen.  They  had  been 
friends  in  early  life.  Their  friendship  grew  with  their  years.  They 
lived  in  distant  parts  of  the  country.  The  nervous  man  had  a 
hopeful  son  ;  the  man  of  nerve  had  a  lovable  daughter.  By  some 
freak  of  fortune,  or  some  more  capricious  god,  these  young  people 
had  accidentally  come  together  at  a  watering-place,  and  there 
formed  an  attachment  unknown  to  their  parents.  In  the  mean  time 
the  nervous  man  and  the  man  of  nerve  had  come  to  an  agreement 
to  marry  the  two  young  people  together,  under  a  belief  that  they 
were  entirely  unknown  to  each  other.  Each  parent  made  the  an- 
nouncement to  his  child  in  a  mysterious  manner.  The  nervous 
man's  son  was  told  that  he  was  to  be  married  to  an  unknown  lady 
with  whom  he  was  sure  to  fall  in  love  at  first  sight,  but  whose  name 
must  be  withheld  until  the  day  of  the  ceremony.  The  daughter  of 
the  man  of  nerve  received  a  similar  pleasant  intimation.  Each 
lover  protested,  each  parent  was  peremptory,  each  lover  imprac- 
ticable. As  a  natural  consequence  both  ran  away,  and,  as  was 
quite  natural,  both  came  together,  and  they  were  clandestinely 
married.  When  the  nervous  man  heard  of  his  son's  contumacious 
disobedience  he  denounced  him,  disinherited  him,  disowned  him, 
and  declared  he  would  never  see  him  again.  When  the  man  of 
nerve  heard  of  the  flight  of  his  daughter  he  immediately  summoned 
his  dependants,  who  sought  to  restore  her  to  her  father.  One  pa- 
rent was  all  passion,  the  other  was  all  decision.  While  they  were 
comparing  their  mutual  and  common  grief  and  disappointment,  the 
married  lovers  came  trembling  into  the  angry  presence,  and  kneel- 
ing down,  asked  forgiveness  and  parental  blessings  upon  what  was 
now  irrevocable.  What  was  the  parents'  surprise  to  find  that  the 
runaway  match  was  just  precisely  the  one  they  had  planned,  and 
the  supposed  failure  of  which  had  so  deeply  excited  them.  The  man 
of  nerve  acquitted  himself  with  becoming  resignation,  and,  since  it 
had  all  ended  right,  he  extended  to  the  lovers  the  boon  they  begged. 
The  nervous  man  refused  altogether  to  be  comforted,  propitiated,  or 
even  soothed.     He  refused  and  declared  that  he  would  persist  for- 


532  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

ever  in  refusing  to  receive  back  again  the  son  who  had  been  so  diso- 
bedient. When  his  outburst  of  passion  had  somewhat  subsided, 
the  man  of  nerve  said  :  "  Well,  now,  old  friend,  why  won't  you  for- 
give him?  Have,  you  not  got  the  matter  all  your  own  way  after 
all?"  "  Why,  yes,"  replied  the  nervous  man,  "I  have  got  it  all 
my  own  way."  "Then,  why  will  you  not  forgive  him?  "  said  the 
man  of  nerve.  "  Why,  I  haven't  had  my  own  way  of  having  it." 
This,  I  think,  is  the  difference  between  the  President,  who  is  a  man 
of  nerve,  in  the  Executive  chair  at  Washington,  and  the  nervous 
men  who  are  in  the  House  of  Representatives.  Both  have  got  the 
Union  restored  as  they  originally  planned  it  should  be.  They  have 
got  it  restored,  not  with  slavery,  but  without  it ;  not  with  secession, 
flagrant  or  latent,  but  without  it ;  not  with  compensation  for  eman- 
cipation, but  without  it;  not  with  compromise,  but  without;  not 
with  disloyal  states,  or  representatives,  but  with  loyal  states  and 
representatives;  not  with  rebel  debts,  but  without  them;  not  with 
exemption  from  our  own  debts  for  suppressing  the  rebellion,  but 
with  equal  liabilities  upon  the  rebels  and  the  loyal  men  ;  not  with 
freedmen  and  refugees  abandoned  to  suffering  and  persecution,  but 
with  the  freedmen  employed  in  productive,  self-sustaining  industry, 
with  refugees  under  the  protection  of  law  and  order.  The  man  of 
nerve  sees  that  it  has  come  out  right  at  last,  and  he  accepts  the 
situation.  He  does  not  forget  that  in  this  troublesome  world  of 
ours,  the  most  to  be  secured  by  anybody  is  to  have  things  come  out 
right.  Nobody  can  ever  expect  to  have  them  brought  out  altogether 
in  his  own  way.  The  nervous  men,  on  the  other  hand,  hesitate, 
delay,  debate,  and  agonize  —  not  because  it  has  not  come  out  right, 
but  because  they  have  not  individually  had  their  own  way  in  bring- 
ing it  to  that  happy  termination. 

I  have  said  that  I  apprehend  no  serious  difficulty  or  calamity. 
This  confidence  arises  from  the  conviction  which  I  entertain  that 
there  never  was  and  never  can  be  an}^  successful  process  for  the 
restoration  of  Union  and  harmony  among  the  states,  except  the  one 
with  which  the  President  has  avowed  himself  satisfied.  Grant  it 
that  the  rebellion  is  dispersed,  ended,  and  exhausted,  dead  even  at 
the  root,  then  it  follows  necessarily  that  the  states  sooner  or  later 
must  be  organized  loyal  men  in  accordance  with  the  change  in  our 
fundamental  law,  and  that,  being  so  organized,  they  should  come  by 
loyal  representatives  and  resume  their  places  in    the  family  cinb 


RESTORATION   OP   UNION.  533 

which,  in  a  fit  of  caprice  and  passion,  they  rebelliously  vacated.  All 
the  rebel  states  but  Texas  have  done  just  that  thing,  and  Texas  is 
doing  the  same  thing  just  now  as  fast  as  possible.  The  President  is 
in  harmony  with  all  the  states  that  were  in  rebellion.  Every  Exec- 
utive Department  and  the  Judicial  Department  are  in  operation,  or 
are  rapidly  resuming  the  exercise  of  their  functions.  Loyal  repre- 
sentatives, more  or  less,  from  all  these  states  —  men  whose  loyalty 
may  be  tried  by  any  Constitutional  or  legislative  test  which  will 
apply  even  to  the  representatives  of  the  states  which  have  been 
loyal  throughout  —  are  now  standing  at  the  doors  of  Congress,  and 
have  been  standing  there  for  three  months  past,  asking  to  be  ad- 
mitted to  seats  which  disloyal  representatives,  in  violation  of  the 
rights  and  duties  of  the  states,  as  well  as  of  the  sovereignty  ot  the 
Union,  had  recklessly  abandoned.  These  representatives,  after  a 
lapse  of  three  months,  yet  remain  waiting  outside  the  chambers, 
while  Congress  passes  law  after  law,  imposes  burden  after  burden, 
and  duty  after  duty  upon  the  states  which,  against  their  earnestly 
expressed  desires,  are  left  without  representation.  So  far  as  I  can 
judge  of  human  probabilities,  I  feel  sure  that  the  loyal  men  from 
the  now  loyal  states  will,  sooner  or  later,  at  this  session  or  at  some 
other,  by  this  Congress  or  by  some  other,  be'  received  into  the  Leg- 
islature of  the  nation.  When  this  shall  have  been  done,  the  pro- 
cess of  restoration  will  be  complete;  for  that  is  all  that  now  remains 
to  be  done.  If,  in  this  view  of  the  subject,  my  judgment  is  at  fault, 
then  some  of  those  who  now  uphold  the  opposite  one  can  show  some 
other  process  of  restoration  which  is  practicable,  and  which  can  be 
and  will  be  adopted,  and  when  it  is  likely  to  be  adopted.  Does 
any  person  pretend  to  know  such  a  plan  ?  Other  plans,  indeed, 
have  been  mentioned.  They  were  projected  during  Mr.  Lincoln's 
administration  ;  they  have  been  projected  since.  Briefly  described, 
these  plans  have  been  such  as  this:  that  Congress,  with  the  Presi- 
dent concurring,  should  create  what  are  called  territorial  govern- 
ments in  the  eleven  states  which  were  once  in  rebellion,  and  that  the 
President  should  administer  the  government  there  for  an  indefinite 
period  by  military  force,  and  that  after  long  purgation  they  should 
be  admitted  into  the  Union  by  congressional  enactment.  This  pro- 
ceeding was  rejected  by  Mr.  Lincoln,  as  it  is  rejected  by  the  Presi- 
dent. If  ever  it  may  have  been  practicable,  it  is  now  altogether  too 
late.     If  the  President  could  be  induced  to  concur  in  so  mad  a 


534  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

measure  at  this  date,  it  would  be  impossible  to  execute  it.  Say 
what  you  will  or  what  you  may,  the  states  are  already  organized,  in 
perfect  harmony  with  our  amended  National  Constitution,  and  are 
in  earnest  cooperation  with  the  Federal  government.  It  would  re- 
quire an  imperial  will,  an  imperial  person,  and  imperial  powers 
greater  thau  the  Emperor  of  France  possesses,  to  reduce  any  one  of 
these  states,  with  the  consent  of  all  the  other  states,  into  what  you 
term  a  territorial  condition.  Maximilian's  task,  though  it  engages 
two  emperors  and  two  imperial  organizations,  with  their  forces, 
is  thought  not  the  most  wise  and  hopeful  political  enterprise  of  the 
day.  On  the  other  hand  we  have  no  emperor,  but  only  a  stern, 
uncompromising,  radical  republican,  a  democrat,  call  him  what  you 
will,  for  President,  who  refuses  in  every  way  to  be  a  party  to  any 
imperial  transactions,  and  who  would  hand  them  back  to  Congress 
if  they  were  to  offer  him  the  men  and  money  to  prosecute  such  im- 
perial enterprises.  Suppose  that  he  could  give  place  to  another 
President,  whether  by  election,  or  even  assassination,  where  will  you 
find  in  the  United  States  a  man  who  would  want  to  be  elected  to 
that  high  place  to  plunge  this  country  into  a  civil  war  for  a  political 
chimera  ?  If  there  be  such  a  one,  what  chance  is  there  that  he 
would  be  elected  for  such  a  purpose  ?  That  scheme,  then,  is  at  an 
end,  and  it  is  not  now  even  seriously  mentioned.  Is  there  any 
other  plan?  Congress  has  a  Reconstruction  Committee,  as  it  is 
called,  composed  of  fifteen  members,  who  have  stopped  the  wheels 
of  legislation  three  months  to  enable  them  to  submit  a  process 
or  plan  different  from  that  which  is  now  on  the  eve  of  a  happy 
consummation.  And  what  have  they  given  us  ?  One  proposed 
amendment  to  the  Constitution,  to  compel  the  excluded  states  to 
equalize  suffrage  upon  the  penalty  of  an  abridgment  of  representa- 
tion. I  do  not  discuss  its  merits.  Either  the  amendment  will  or 
will  not  be  adopted.  The  expectation  is,  that  it  will  fail  even  in 
Congress.  In  any  case  it  implies  a  full  restoration  of  the  Southern 
states.  It  is,  therefore,  no  plan  or  process  of  reconstruction  at  all. 
The  Committee  prove  this  to  be  the  true  character  of  the  proceed- 
ing, because  they  fall  back  upon  a  process  not  of  restoration,  but 
of  obstruction.  The  resolution  which  they  submitted  Tuesday  last, 
and  which  has  passed  the  House  of  Representatives,  directly  de- 
clares that  loyal  representatives  shall  not  be  admitted  from  loyal 
states   until    Congress  shall  pass   a  law  for  that   purpose  —  which 


RESTORATION   OF   UNION.  535 

law,  it  would  seem  that  every  member  who  votes  for  it  must  know, 
cannot  be  enacted  without  the  President's  approval,  which  cannot 
be  consistently  given  in  view  of  the  opinions  that  he  is  known  to 
entertain.  This  concurrent  resolution,  then,  is  not  a  plan  for  recon- 
struction, but  a  plan  for  indefinite  postponement  and  delay  by  the 
concurrent  action  of  the  Houses  of  Congress. 

I  know  that  the  scriptural  instruction  is  not  always  accepted  as 
an  infallible  guide  of  faith  in  these  latter  days.  I  do  not,  therefore, 
ask  you  whether  the  United  States  government  ought  not  now  to 
slay  the  fatted  calf  and  invite  our  prodigal  brethren  to  so  luxurious 
a  feast ;  but  I  do  venture  to  say  that  when  this  nation  became  dis- 
organized five  years  ago  by  flagrant  secession  and  rebellion,  we  did 
determine  to  humble  the  rebels  and  bring  them  back  again  to  their 
constitutional  seat  at  the  family  table.  I  know  that  we  have  hum- 
bled them,  and  have  brought  them  back  with  humiliation  and  re- 
pentance sueing  for  restoration.  I  know  that  when  Congress  was 
convened,  and  when  the  last  elections  were  held,  which  gave  utter- 
ance to  the  popular  voice,  it  was  their  expectation  that  without  un- 
necessary delay  that  table  would  be  set,  and  that  all  the  members 
of  the  family,  however  prodigal  they  had  been,  would  be  received 
at  the  board. 

There  being,  then,  no  further  plan  of  restoration,  what  are  the 
chances  of  carrying  out  the  system  of  obstruction  to  which  I  have 
referred  ?  It  is  as  impracticable  in  its  character  as  I  think  it  is 
vicious.  If  I  have  read  the  history  of  this  country  correctly,  it  has 
settled  these  three  things:  First:  No  State  can  keep  itself  out  of 
the  Union  or  keep  itself  in  a  territorial  condition  under  the  Union. 
In  the  very  beginning  four  states  refused  to  enter ;  with  wry  faces 
they  all  came  in  afterward  —  making  the  whole  number  of  states 
thirteen  instead  of  the  nine  first  consenting.  All  the  region  east  of 
the  Mississippi  rushed  rapidly  through  a  brief  territorial  pupilage 
into  the  Union.  We  bought  provinces  from  Spain,  from  France, 
from  Mexico.  From  the  Mississippi  to  the  Pacific  they  have  rushed 
or  are  rushing  with  railroad  speed,  after  a  brief  territorial  existence, 
as  states  into  the  Union.  If  it  were  possible,  we  might  acquire  still 
more  provinces,  North  or  South.  You  cannot  easily  go  further 
West.  Every  province  that  there  might  be  gained,  whether  white  or 
black,  old  or  young,  alien  or  native  born,  would  also  be  immediately 
rushing,  as  with  railroad  speed,  as  states  into  the  Union.     Another 


536  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

thing  which  our  national  history  teaches  is,  that  the  states  which 
are  in  the  Union  cannot  be  taken  or  kept  out  of  its  limits;  and  that 
is  the  great  lesson  of  the  rebellion.  The  third  thing  which  this 
eventful  war  teaches  us  is,  that  the  states  which  are  in  the  Union 
cannot  keep  any  states  that  are  outside  from  coming  in.  Congress 
is  habitually  inclined  to  this  experiment.  It  hesitated  about  Michi- 
gan and  Missouri ;  it  reeled  and  staggered  before  Texas  and  Cali- 
fornia ;  and  it  convulsed  the  nation  in  resisting  Kansas  ;  yet  they 
are  all  in  the  Union,  all  now  loyal,  and  most  of  them  cheerful  and 
happy.  How  many  Committees  of  Conference  did  we  have,  how 
many  Joint  Committees  did  we  not  have,  on  this  momentous  ques- 
tion ?  How  many  Joint  Resolutions,  denying  that  Congress  ever 
would  consent  to  the  admission  of  such  unwelcome  intruders  ? 
How  many  compromises,  securing  guarantees  for  freedom,  securing 
guarantees  for  slavery,  were  broken  and  scattered,  when  one  after 
the  other  these  states  came  in,  as  if  by  a  headlong  thrust  and  hurled 
by  an  Almighty  Providence,  who  was  determined  that  the  people 
of  this  continent  shall  be  not  many  discordant  nations,  but  one 
united  and  harmonious  nation. 

I  entered  Congress  in  1849,  when  the  Joint  Committee  of  Fifteen 
was  skilfully,  and  it  is  but  just  to  say,  honestly  framed  to  obstruct 
the  admission  of  California  until  the  majority  of  the  nation  should 
compromise  and  silence  forever  the  debate  upon  slavery.  The  Com- 
mittee succeeded  in  excluding  California  for  a  period  of  eight  months 
and  no  longer,  and  eventually  obtained,  in  broken  fragments,  the 
compromise  which  it  sought.  That  compromise  was  by  its  terms  to 
be  perpetual.  The  compromise  of  1850  lingered,  however,  just  four 
years  and  then  perished,  giving  place  to  the  incipient  and  now  hap- 
pily consummated  adjustment  of  the  slavery  question,  by  the  com- 
plete and  universal  abrogation  of  that  institution.  I  left  Congress 
in  1861,  when  committees  and  conventions  clustered  in  and  around 
the  Capitol,  demanding  stipulations  (which  Congress  refused)  that 
fetters  should  be  put  upon  New  Mexico,  Nevada,  and  Colorado. 
You  can  never  keep  states  out  of  this  Union,  never,  no  never  1  If 
we  do  not  like  them,  we  may,  in  the  words  of  the  old  proverb, 
"  lump  them."  The  present  distrusts  of  future  states  or  of  existing 
states  have  no  substantial  ground.  They  are  begotten  of  miserable 
perishing  fears  and  factions.  California  was  suspected  of  secret  or 
ultimate  complicity  with  slavery.     All  the  meu  in  the  Union  knew 


RESTORATION   OF   UNION.  537 

the  hard  feelings  her  people  entertained  toward  us  Free-soilers,  who 
were  their  most  earnest  advocates.  We  gave  her  ten  yeai's  of  pro- 
slavery,  democratic  rule.  The  ten  years  are  now  up,  and  she  is 
calm,  perhaps  distrustful  of  some  of  us  yet,  because  we  are  willing 
to  admit  the  states  that  have  sinned  and  l'epented  as  she  did.  If 
ever  this  thing  of  keeping  out  states  by  Joint  Resolution  of  Congress 
could  have  had  any  chance  of  permanent  success,  that  time  has 
passed  away.  No  state  has  ever  been  hindered  in  coming  into  the 
Union  except  upon  questions  growing  out  of  the  system  of  African 
bondage.  But  African  bondage  has  now  gone  to  the  dogs,  and  they 
have  made  a  sure  finish  of  it.  Not  even  enough  of  its  shriveled 
skin  or  disjointed  limbs  remains  to  sharpen  the  cupidity  of  the  race 
that  were  once  called  slaveholders,  or  of  that  other  race  which  was 
known  to  the  country  as  "  doughfaces."  No  state,  therefore,  will 
ever,  hereafter,  be  hindered  or  delayed  in  coming  back  into  the  Un- 
ion upon  the  ground  of  slavery. 

You  may  think  that  the  irresistible  tendency  to  Union  which  I 
have  described  may  Aiave  something  alarming  in  it.  This  would  be 
a  grave  error.  I  think  no  such  thing.  The  people  in  any  territory 
want  to  be  a  state,  because  it  is  a  pleasant  thing  and  a  good  thing 
to  have  the  municipal  powers  and  faculties  which  belong  to  a  state 
within  the  American  Union,  and  to  provide  by  its  own  laws  for  the 
maintenance  and  security  of  life,  liberty,  and  property.  A  territory 
wants  to  be  a  state  and  a  member  of  the  Federal  Union,  because  it 
is  a  pleasant  thing  and  a  good  thing  to  have  its  protection  against 
foreign  enemies,  and  to  possess  the  privileges  and  immunities  guar- 
anteed to  a  state  by  the  national  Constitution.  I  therefore  would 
not  consent  to  hold  a  state  in  a  territorial  condition,  or  to  deny  it  the 
advantages  of  fellowship  in  the  Union  a  day  longer  than  I  should 
be  compelled.  Nor  do  I  see  anything  calculated  to  excite  alarm, 
anything  transcending  the  political  ability  of  our  statesmen,  in  the 
present  situation  of  the  freedmen.  In  the  beginning,  practically, 
every  state  in  the  Union  had  slavery.  We  abolished  it  in  several 
states  without  disorder  or  civil  commotion,  until  slavery  raised  itself 
in  rebellion  against  the  government  of  the  Union.  When  it  took 
that  attitude,  we  abolished  it  out  and  out,  through  and  through,  com- 
pletely and  effectually  forever.  This  is  what  the  American  people 
have  had  the  sagacity  and  the  courage  to  do  in  a  period  of  ninety 
years.     These  American  people  are  a  great  deal  better  and  a  great 


638  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

deal  wiser  to-day  than  they  were  ninety  years  ago.  Those  of  the 
generation  that  is  now  crowding  us,  will  be  a  great  deal  wiser  and  a 
great  deal  better  than  we  who  are  on  the  stage  to-day.  Do  I  think, 
therefore,  that  we  shall  lack  the  wisdom  or  the  virtue  to  go  right  on 
and  continue  the  work  of  melioration  and  progress,  and  perfect  in 
due  time  the  deliverance  of  labor  from  restrictions,  and  the  annihi- 
lation of  caste  and  class.  We  have  accomplished  what  we  have 
done,  however,  not  with  an  imperial  government  —  not  with  a  pro- 
consular or  territorial  system.  We  have  done  it  in  states,  by  states, 
and  through  states,  free,  equal,  untrammeled,  and  presided  over  by 
a  Federal,  restricted  government,  which  will  continue  to  the  end  the 
constitutional  progress  with  which  we  so  wisely  began.  They  are 
settling  the  whole  case  of  the  African  in  the  West  Indies  just  as  we 
are,  and  it  will  be  done  with  the  same  results  and  the  same  benefi- 
cent effects. 

I  have  not  given  prominence  in  the3e  remarks  to  the  conflict  of 
opinion  between  the  President  and  Congress  in  reference  to.  the 
bureau  for  the  relief  of  freedmen  and  refugees*  That  conflict  is,  in 
its  consequences,  comparatively  unimportant,  and  would  excite  little 
interest  and  produce  little  division  if  it  stood  alone.  It  is  because 
it  has  become  the  occasion  for  revealing  the  difference  that  I  have 
already  described  that  it  has  attained  the  importance  which  seems 
to  surround  it.  Both  the  President  and  Congress  agree  that,  during 
the  brief  transition  which  the  country  is  making  from  civil  war  to 
internal  peace,  the  freedmen  and  refugees  ought  not  to  be  aban- 
doned by  the  nation  to  persecution  and  suffering.  It  was  for  this 
transition  period  that  the  Bureau  of  Freedmen  was  created  by 
Congress,  and  was  kept  and  is  still  kept  in  effective  operation.  Both 
the  President  and  Congress,  on  the  other  hand,  agree  that  when 
that  transition  period  shall  have  been  fully  passed,  and  the  har- 
monious relations  between  the  states  and  the  Union  fully  restored, 
that  Bureau  would  be  not  only  unnecessary  but  unconstitutional, 
demoralizing,  and  dangerous,  and  therefore  it  should  cease  to 
exist. 

The  President  thinks  that  the  transition  stage  has  nearly  passed, 
and  that  the  original  provision  for  the  Bureau  is  all  that  is  necessary 
to  secure  the  end  in  view,  while  the  bill  submitted  by  Congress 
seems  to  him  to  give  it  indefinite  extension  in  time  of  p^ace  and 
restoration.     He  vetoed  it  for  that  reason.     He  declines  to  accept, 


RESTORATION    OF   UNION.  539 

as  unnecessary  and  uncalled  for,  the  thousand  or  ten  thousand 
agents,  the  increased  powers  and  the  augmented  treasure  which 
Congress  insists  on  placing  in  his  hands.  Congress,  on  the  other 
hand,  thinks  that  the  Freedmen's  Bureau  is  not  adequate,  and  that 
more  patronage,  more  moiiey,  and  more  power  would,  like  Thomp- 
son's door-plate,  purchased  at  auction  by  Mrs.  Toodles,  be  a  good 
thing  to  have  in  a  house.  I  agree  with  the  President  in  the  hope 
that  the  extraordinary  provision  which  the  bill  makes  will  not  be 
necessary,  but  that  the  whole  question  may  be  simplified  by  a 
simple  reference  to  the  existing  law.  The  law  of  March  3,  1865, 
which  created  the  Freedmen's  Bureau,  provides  that  it  shall  con- 
tinue in  force  during  the  war  of  rebellion  and  one  full  year 
thereafter.  When  does  that  year  expire?  In  the  President's 
judgment,  as  I  understand  the  matter,  the  war  of  the  rebellion  has 
been  coming  and  is  still  coming  to  an  end,  but  is  not  yet  fully 
closed.  It  is  on  this  ground  that  he  maintains  an  army,  continues 
the  suspension  of  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  and  exercises  martial 
law,  when  these  things  are  found  to  be  necessary  in  rebel  states. 
The  existence  of  the  rebellion  was  legally  announced  by  executive 
proclamation  in  1861.  The  end  of  the  rebellion  ought  to  be,  and 
may  be  expected  to  be,  announced  by  competent  declaration  of  the 
President  or  of  Congress,  or  of  both.  For  all  practical  purposes, 
the  rebellion  will,  in  law,  come  to  an  end  if  the  President  or  Con- 
gress, one  or  both,  officially  announces  its  termination.  Now,  sup- 
pose this  announcement  to  be  made  by  the  President  and  by 
Congress,  or  by  either  of  them,  to-morrow.  In  that  case,  the  Freed- 
men's Bureau  is  continued  by  virtue  of  the  limitation  prescribed  in 
the  Act  of  March  3,  1865,  one  year  after  such  proclamation  shall 
have  been  made.  Thus  the  Freedmen's  Bureau  would  continue,  by 
the  original  limitation,  until  the  22d  day  of  February,  1867 — a 
very  proper  day  on  which  to  bring  it  to  an  end.  If  Congress 
should  then  find  it  necessary  to  prolong  its  existence,  Congress  can 
at  once  take  the  necessary  steps,  for  it  will  at  that  date  have  been 
in  session  nearly  three  months.  Ought  the  President  of  the  United 
States  to  be  denounced  in  the  house  of  his  enemies  —  much  more 
ought  he  to  be  denounced  in  the  house  of  his  friends,  for  refusing, 
in  the  absence  of  any  necessity,  to  occupy  or  retain,  and  to  exercise 
powers  greater  than  those  which  are  exercised  by  any  imperial  mag- 
istrate in  the  world  ?     Judge  ye  I     I  trust  that  this  fault  of  declin- 


540  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

ing  imperial  powers,  too  hastily  tendered  by  a  too  confiding  Con- 
gress, may  be  forgiven  by  a  generous  people.  It  will  be  a  sad  hour 
for  the  Republic  when  the  refusal  of  unnecessary  powers,  treasure, 
and  patronage  by  the  President  shall  be  held  to  be  a  crime.  When 
it  shall  be  so  considered,  the  time  will  have  arrived  for  setting  up  at 
the  White  House  an  imperial  throne,  and  surrounding  the  Executive 
with  imperial  legions. 

Note. — Among  the  officers  of  this  meeting  were  Hamilton  Fish,  E.  D.  Morgan,  William  M.  Evarts, 
Moses  H.  Grinnell,  Daniel  S.  Dickinson,  Clias.  P.  Daly,  George  Opdyke,  Francis  B.  Cutting,  A.  A.  Low, 
R.  M.  Blatchford,  Shepherd  Knapp,  H.  B.  Claflin,  Wm.  EL  Webb,  Marshall  0.  Roberts,  Thurlow  Weed, 
Wm.  E.  Dodge. 


THE  SITUATION  AND  THE  DUTY. 

Auburn,  October  31,  1868. 

"Secretary  Seward,"  said  the  "  Auburn  Daily  Advertiser "  of  October  31, 
1868,  "  this  afternoon  addressed  one  of  the  largest  audiences  ever  convened  in 
Corning  Hall.  The  bare  announcement  yesterday  that  he  was  to  speak  to-day 
created  an  intense  anxiety  in  the  public  mind  to  hear  him,  and  when  the  doors  of 
the  hall  were  thrown  open  at  half-past  one  o'clock,  it  was  immediately  filled  to 
overflowing,  many  hundreds  being  unable  to  gain  admittance.  Secretary  Seward 
was  introduced  by  Rev.  Dr.  Hawley  in  the  following  words  :  — 

"  '  In  the  performance  of  an  agreeable  duty,  fellow-citizens,  I  was  about  to  ex- 
tend, on  your  behalf,  a  cordial  greeting  to  our  distinguished  neighbor  and  personal 
friend  on  this  occasion.  But  your  prompt  and  hearty  response  to  his  presence 
once  more  on  this  platform,  on  the  eve  of  a  great  popular  decision,  is  of  deeper 
significance  than  any  words  of  welcome.  The  desire  to  hear  what,  from  his  posi- 
tion, he  may  counsel  at  this  time  is  not  less  earnest  and  sincere  than  at  other 
periods  of  public  concern,  when  he  has  spoken  to  his  townsmen,  and  thus  to  the 
whole  country,  and  indeed  to  the  whole  world.  It  only  remains  for  me,  in  inter- 
preting this  desire,  to  say  that  it  springs  from  recollections  and  associations  which 
can  neither  be  forgotten  nor  obscured  in  the  ever-varying  phases  of  political  action 
or  popular  judgment.  And  that  whatever  of  merited  honor  or  fame  may  attach 
to  the  career  of  a  public  servant,  it  can  never  cease  to  be  with  him  a  grateful  con- 
sciousness that  he  also  holds  fast  the  esteem  and  affection  of  those  who  know  him 
best,  among  whom  stands  his  home,  and  with  whom,  when  public  service  ceases, 
he  expects  to  mingle  in  the  scenes  and  duties  of  ordinary  life  to  its  destined 
close.'  " 

My  Friends  and  Neighbors  :  My  long  absence  on  political 
occasions  and  my  present  appearance  here  are  proper  subjects  of  in- 
quiry on  your  part.     In  explaining  both,  I  may  be  able  to  say 


THE   SITUATION   AND   THE  DUTY.  541 

all  that  is  proper  or  necessary  to  be  said  in  this  pleasant  inter- 
view. 

Upon  the  first  point,  I  might  well  enough  plead  official  occupa- 
tion. Official  obligations  necessarily  and  justly  take  precedence 
over  those  of  private  citizenship.  The  public  may  properly  say  to 
its  appointed  servants,  "  These  ought  ye  to  have  done,  and  not  to 
leave  the  others  undone.,'  Government  occupation  is  increased  by 
civil  war,  and  necessarily  increased  by  returning  peace.  It  increases 
with  ever-increasing  population,  territory,  and  commercial  and 
political  connections.  But,  for  all  this,  you  are  not  to  suppose,  as 
many  assume,  that  I  am  purchasing  on  government  account  all  the 
outlying  territories  in  the  universe,1  or  indeed  proposing  to  acquire 
dominion  anywhere  beyond  the  magic  circle  of  the  Monroe  doc- 
trine. 

I  might  plead  inadequate  strength.  I  have  reason  to  thank  God, 
indeed,  that  neither  age,  nor  indulgence,  nor  casualty,  has  brought 
so  great  decrepitude  as  persons  have  sometimes  imagined.  Never- 
theless, I  certainly  have  some  years,  perhaps  enough  for  a  place  on 
the  retired  list ;  and  some  wounds,  perhaps  enough  for  a  pension,  if 
I  were  in  the  military  or  naval  service. 

Moreover,  every  opinion  or  sentiment  of  mine,  that  has  a  bearing 
upon  the  present  hour,  was  spoken  long  ago ;  spoken,  as  I  thought, 
in  due  time  ;  spoken,  either  concurrently  with,  or  in  advance  of 
political  events.  So  true  is  this,  that  no  one  has  mistaken  my  abid- 
ing attitude,  or  pretends  now  to  doubt  either  my  official  views  or  my 
political  relations. 

The  case,  however,  is  now  somewhat  changed.  I  am  at  home  for 
indispensable  private  business.  I  find  you  in  an  election  to  consti- 
tute a  new  administration  of  the  government  of  the  United  States.2 
A  theory  obtained  in  the  early  revival  of  science  that  an  elixir  could 
be  compounded,  by  the  use  of  which  the  human  constitution  could 
be  renewed  at  the  end  of  every  hundred  years,  and  so  man  become 
immortal.  The  quadrennial  national  election  of  President  and  Con- 
gress in  the  United  States  is  just  such  a  periodical  renewal  as 
this  of  the  national  life,  whereby  the  nation  in  fact  becomes 
immortal. 

The  casting  of  my  vote  in  great  elections  of  this  sort  is  equally 

1  Alluding  to  the  recent  purchase  of  Alaska  and  the  proposed  annexation  of  certain  West  India 
islands. 
1  General  Grant  and  Uoratio  Seymour  were  the  opposing  candidates  for  President. 


542  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

the  exercise  of  an  inestimable  privilege  and  the  performance  of  a 
high  and  sacred  duty.  Mutual  explanation  of  votes  is  the  only 
means  by  which  mutual  confidence  can  be  preserved  among  citizens, 
while  it  saves  suffrage  itself  from  profanation,  intrigue,  and  corrup- 
tion. In  an  experience  of  eighty  years  under  the  Constitution  which 
makes  us  a  nation,  we  have  renewed  the  Republic,  in  the  same  pre- 
scribed way,  by  twenty  national  elections.  I  have  voted  and  ex- 
plained in  the  last  eleven  ;  these  being  all  of  those  national  elections 
that  have  occurred  since  I  came  to  the  franchise.  The  present 
election  is  the  twenty-first  of  the  entire  series,  and  my  twelfth  one. 
In  this  election,  just  as  I  expressed  myself  at  the  time  of  each  pre- 
ceding one,  I  feel  that  this  one  may  be  my  last. 

Every  Presidential  election  necessarily  has  a  real,  although  an  ab- 
stract importance.  We  have  here  a  republican  system  instead  of 
the  monarchical  one.  An  ultimate  adoption  of  this  system  by  all 
the  American  nations  is  necessary  for  our  security.  Every  new 
republic  established  anywhere  constitutes  a  new  bulwark  of  the  Re- 
public of  the  United  States. 

Our  republican  government  has  some  peculiar  devices  of  local 
adaptation  and  equivalent,  designed  to  operate  by  way  of  check  and 
balance.  Nevertheless,  our  Constitution  has  four  essential  elements, 
perhaps  no  more.  These  elements  are,  first,  the  actual  choice  of 
the  presiding  magistrate  by  the  direct  vote  of  the  whole  people ; 
second,  equal  suffrage  of  all  citizens  in  that  election  ;  third,  equal 
representation  of  all  constituent  communities  in  the  Republic;  and, 
fourth,  conditions  and  periods  of  power  well  defined  and  absolutely 
fixed.  The  casting  or  the  withholding  of  a  vote  by  any  citizen  in- 
considerately actually  impairs,  although  perhaps  imperceptibly,  the 
vigor  and  energy  necessary  to  the  continuance  of  the  Republic,  just 
as  the  casting  or  the  withholding  of  all  the  votes  of  the  people  in- 
considerately would  bring  it  abruptly  to  an  end. 

Standing  as  wTe  do  now  at  the  close  of  the  twentieth  administra- 
tion, I  can  well  conceive  that  the  first  election  was  the  most  import- 
ant of  all,  inasmuch  as  a  mistake  then  committed  in  the  choice  of 
the  first  President  of  the  United  States,  or  of  the  first  Congress, 
might  have  involved  the  failure  of  the  system  at  the  very  beginning. 
It  was  just  such  a  mistake  that  the  French  people  committed  in 
1848,  when  they  lost  their  new  republic  by  electing  a  Bonaparte  in- 
stead of  a  Cavaignac.     That  mistake  having  been  avoided  here,  the 


THE   SITUATION   AND  THE  DUTY.  543 

government  promptly  went  into  successful  operation.  It  soon 
acquired  vigor  by  custom,  and  continually  gained  strength  from  in- 
creasing popular  reverence  and  affection.  The  nation  encountered 
no  crisis  until  1860.  The  election  of  Abraham  Lincoln,  in  1860, 
occurred  at  a  time  when  a  sectional  faction,  with  extensive  ramifica- 
tions, had  prepared  ft  formidable  rebellion. 

The  election  in  1864  was  still  more  critical.  Abraham  Lincoln, 
who  had  been  elected  in  1860,  had  been  effectually  excluded  by  the 
rebellion  from  recognition  or  acceptance  in  one  third  of  the  states. 
It  only  remained  for  the  still  adhering  states  to  reject  Lincoln,  as 
President,  in  1864,  to  effect  a  speedy,  if  not  an  immediate,  dissolu- 
tion of  the  Union.  On  the  other  hand,  it  was  reasonably  expected 
that  the  reaffirmation  in  1864  of  the  choice  made  in  1860  would  so 
consolidate  the  loyal  and  patriotic  hopes  of  the  country  in  support 
of  the  administration,  as  to  enable  President  Lincoln  to  prosecute 
the  war  as  no  other  President  could,  and  to  improve  returning 
peace  as  no  other  President  could,  by  combining  conciliation  with 
decision,  until  the  Constitution  should  be  reestablished  throughout 
the  whole  Union.  Within  four  mouths  after  the  election  of  1864 
the  strength  of  the  rebellion  was  effectually  broken,  and  on  the  4th 
of  March,  1865,  Abraham  Lincoln  entered  upon  his  second  term  of 
the  Presidency,  for  the  first  time  with  full  possession  of  the  rebel 
states  ;  de  facto  as  well  as  de  jure  the  recognized  and  accepted  Chief 
Magistrate  of  the  whole  Republic.  With  him  the  Congress  and  the 
other  departments  of  the  Federal  Union  were  equally  recognized 
and  accepted. 

The  duty  which  devolved  upon  the  government  in  the  second  ad- 
ministration of  Abraham  Lincoln  was  to  save  the  Constitution  and 
the  Union  from  further  revolutionary  violence,  and  by  just,  gener- 
ous, and  judicious  measures  to  bring  the  distracted  and  desolated 
rebel  states  back  to  their  constitutional  relations  with  the  Federal 
Union. 

We  have  reached  at  last  the  end  of  that  second  administration, 
begun  by  Abraham  Lincoln,  and  we  unfortunately  find  that  its 
great  work,  as  I  have  described  it,  remains  as  yet  only  incompletely 
and  unsatisfactorily  accomplished.  Parties  now  vehemently  dispute 
whether  this  failure  is  the  fault  of  one  department  or  of  another; 
the  fault  of  the  President,  or  the  fault  of  Congress  ;  the  fault  of  the 
executive  system  of  reconciliation,  or  of  the  congressional  system  of 


544  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

reconstruction.  I  do  not  enter  into  that  dispute.  It  already  be- 
longs to  the  past.  Nevertheless,  I  am  now  inclined  to  think  that  it 
was  unreasonable  to  expect  the  passions  and  ambitions  of  thirty- 
three  free  states,  and  thirty  millions  of  free  people  so  recently  and 
terribly  convulsed  by  civil  war,  to  subside  in  so  short  a  period  as 
four  years.  It  is  the  highest  attribute  of  the  Almighty,  which  the 
divine  poet  has  conceived,  that  He  "  stilleth  the  noise  of  the  seas, 
and  the  noise  of  their  waves,  and  the  tumult  of  the  people."  The 
storms  must  be  withheld  before  the  seas  can  come  to  rest. 

Probably  such  an  intense  and  pervading  political  agitation  as 
ours  could  not  have  been  suddenly  repressed  without  overthrowing 
public  liberty  itself,  as  the  Napoleons  did  at  the  close  of  two  popular 
French  revolutions. 

The  choice  of  our  two  principal  magistrates  in  1864  was  certainly 
wisely  made.  We  found  out  at  the  beginning  of  the  civil  war  that 
neither  party,  and  no  party  alone  without  cooperation  from  the 
other,  could  save  the  country.  The  people  who  made  the  choice  in 
1864  were  neither  a  republican  party  nor  a  democratic  party,  but 
avowedly  and  heroically  a  Union  people,  and  union  always  means 
an  effective  combination  of  kindred  forces.  The  Union  people  in 
1864  followed  the  rule  which  has  so  generally  prevailed  of  dividing 
the  names  to  be  placed  on  the  Presidential  ticket  between  compet- 
ing sections,  parties,  or  interests,  giving  the  greater  weight  to  the 
larger  section  or  party.  With  nice  judgment,  therefore,  they  chose 
Abraham  Lincoln,  a  northern  Union  patriot  of  republican  ante- 
cedents to  be  President,  and  Andrew  Johnson,  a  southern  Union 
patriot  of  democratic  antecedents,  to  be  Vice  President. 

Active  hostilities,  however,  had  hardly  ended  before  there  ap- 
peared a  portentous  conflict  of  popular  ideas  and  opinions  concern- 
ing the  proper  conditions  of  peace  and  reconciliation,  and  these 
ideas  and  opinions  had  relation  to  the  so-called  reconstruction  of 
the  state  governments  in  the  rebel  states.  Personal  ambitions,  of 
course,  entered  into  the  controversy.  Social  ideas  and  popular  am- 
bitions are  inherent  in  all  republics,  and  revolutions  stimulate  their 
rapid  development.  No  one  form  of  political  idea,  no  one  form  of 
personal  ambition  that  has  presented  itself  in  our  recent  distractions 
was  new.  They  all  sprang  up  and  in  turn  attained  complete, 
though  many  of  them  only  temporary,  ascendency  during  the 
French  revolution  of  1789,  a  revolution  which,  as  we  all  see,  gave 


THE  SITUATION    AND   THE  DUTY.  545 

way  after  a  short  while  to  a  military  despotism  that  still  survives. 
We  now  see  that  in  the  insurrection  the  rebel  states  became 
revolutionary  states,  not  merely  revolutionary  against  the  United 
States,  but  revolutionary  within  themselves.  As  such,  they  have 
experienced  the  fortune  of  all  revolutionary  states.  Each  new 
political  idea,  and  every  distinct  personal  ambition  in  revolutionary 
states,  demands  either  a  severe  constitutional  reform,  or  a  change 
of  the  existing  constitution  altogether.  The  right  of  the  people 
and  their  power  in  such  states  to  make  such  changes  is  not  only  un- 
challenged, but  is  also  unchecked.  It  follows,  as  a  consequence, 
that  no  constitution  which  is  forged  in  the  white-heat  of  revolution 
ever  endures. 

We  have  forgotten  that  this  nation  went  through  the  Revolution- 
ary crisis  practically  without  any  constitution  at  all.  There  was 
indeed  a  Declaration  of  Independence  from  Great  Britain  and 
from  all  other  nations,  and  a  precious  assertion  of  human  rights ; 
but  no  constitutional  government  was  established  or  framed  until 
seven  years  after  the  last  belligerent  had  disappeared  from  the  field. 

We  can  all  recollect  that  brilliant  constitutions  successively  came 
out  like  fire-beacons  in  the  murky  gloom  of  the  French  Revolution. 
All  those  constitutions  were  based  upon  some  sound  political  ideas, 
and  all  ought  to  have  been  compatible  with  any  patriotic  ambition. 
Yet  they  succeeded  each  other  so  rapidly,  that  when  a  politician 
entered  the  store  of  a  bookseller  in  Paris,  and  asked  for  the  consti- 
tution of  France,  he  was  answered,  "  We  do  not  deal  here  in  peri- 
odical publications." 

Mexico  seems  at  last  to  have  acquired  a  constitution,  but  only 
after  forty  years  of  civil  wars,  culminating  in  the  great  calamity 
which  we  have  so  happily  escaped  —  foreign  intervention.  Although 
all  the  South  American  republics  have  been  independent  through  a 
period  of  forty  or  fifty  years,  yet  it  cannot  be  certainly  said  of  any 
one  of  them  that  it  has  yet  definitely  accepted  and  adopted  a  final 
constitution.  Revolutions  have  continued  to  overthrow  constitu- 
tions there  as  fast  as  they  have  been  made.  It  was  unwise,  then, 
to  expect  that  the  insurgent  states,  coming  out  of  their  flagrant  re- 
bellion, and  yet  allowed  by  the  Federal  Constitution  to  reconstitute 
their  forms  of  government  for  themselves  and  by  their  own  proper 
act,  in  conformity  with  the  Federal  Constitution,  could  all  at  once 
adopt  constitutions  which  should  be  permanently  satisfactory  to 
35 


546  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

themselves  and  to  us,  in  the  presence  of  an  entire  new  condition  of 
society  produced  by  the  emancipation  of  four  millions  of  slaves. 
What  they  wanted  was  "  time."  What  we  have  wanted  was 
patience.  These  two  wants  seasonably  indicated  the  course  of 
popular  wisdom  in  regard  to  restoration,  reorganization,  or  recon- 
struction, by  whatever  name  it  may  be  called. 

Reliance,  however,  was  justly  placed  upon  the  advantages  which 
Abraham  Lincoln  had  for  overcoming  these  embarrassments.  Leav- 
ing out  of  view  his  peculiar  moral  and  intellectual  qualities,  Mr. 
Lincoln  possessed  a  decided  advantage,  in  the  fact  that  he  had  con- 
ducted the  government  with  approved  fidelity  and  wisdom  through 
the  entire  course  of  the  civil  war.  As  the  people  gave  their  first 
confidence  to  Washington,  in  organizing  the  government,  upon  the 
ground  that  he  had  safely  led  them  through  the  Revolutionary  war ; 
as  the  people  in  1848  gave  their  confidence  to  General  Taylor,  upon 
the  ground  that  he  had  safely  led  them  through  the  greatest  peril  of 
the  Mexican  war  ;  so  the  people  were  expected  to  give  their  full  con- 
fidence to  Abraham  Lincoln  in  restoring  the  Union,  because  he  had 
led  them  successfully  through  the  late  terrific  revolutionary  convul- 
sion of  the  country. 

No  wise  and  candid  man  thought,  at  that  time,  either  that  the 
war  could  be  ended,  or  that  peace  and  reconciliation  could  be 
effected,  under  an  administration  that  did  not  fully  enjoy  the  public 
confidence  upon  two  cardinal  points,  namely,  first,  the  justice  of  the 
Union  cause  in  the  war ;  second,  the  necessity,  wisdom,  and  justice 
of  the  abolition  of  African  slavery  which  the  war  had  effected. 

Abraham  Lincoln  had  a  still  greater  advantage.  He  had  been 
twice  chosen  by  the  people  themselves  to  be  their  President,  their 
civil  chief.  They  were  accustomed  to  his  leadership,  and  they 
loved  him  as  an  accepted  impersonation  of  their  own  convictions,  no 
matter  how  varied  those  convictions  might  be.  They  all  knew,  or 
believed  they  knew,  him  thoroughly.  They  had  committed  them- 
selves to  his  support  in  advance.  His  success  would  be  their  own 
success.  His  failure  would  be  felt  and  deplored  as  their  own  fail- 
ure. Thus  was  enlisted  in  his  favor  the  national  pride,  the  na- 
tional affection,  and  the  national  gratitude.  What  combinations 
could  have  resisted  a  magistrate  thus  armed,  and  aiming  only  to 
complete  the  great  and  glorious  work  of  saving  the  Union,  which 
he  himself  began  ? 


THE  SITUATION   AND   THE  DUTY.  547 

In  an  unhappy  hour  Abraham  Lincoln  fell  by  the  hand  of  the 
assassin.  That  fearful  calamity,  which  was  equally  beyond,  human 
foresight  and  human  control,  suddenly  and  profoundly  interfered 
with  our  high  purposes  and  patriotic  desires.  Human  nature, 
around  the  whole  circle  of  the  globe,  and  especially  in  its  centre 
here,  recoiled  and  stood  aghast  before  that  great  crime.  The  coun- 
try sank  for  a  moment  into  sadness  and  despair  of  its  future,  from 
which  it  was  aroused  to  seek  and  search  everywhere,  in  the  govern- 
ment and  out  of  it,  in  the  North  and  in  the  South,  at  home  and 
abroad,  for  secret  authors,  agents,  and  motives  for  the  horrible  as- 
sassination. While  suspicion  attached  itself  by  turns  to  everybody, 
it  justly  fastened  itself  at  last  upon  the  rebellion,  and  demanded 
new  and  severer  punishment  of  the  rebels,  instead  of  the  magnani- 
mous reconciliation  which  the  beloved  President  of  whom  it  had 
been  bereaved  had  recommended.  Who  will  say  that  this  senti- 
ment was  unnatural?  Who  shall  say  that  it  was  even  unjust? 
Revolution  has  always  the  same  complex  machinery.  Besides  the 
public  machinery  which  its  managers  directly  employ,  there  is  al- 
ways a  secret  assassination-wheel  carefully  contrived,  and  ready  to 
come  into  activity  when  a  crisis  is  reached.  Revolutionists  cannot 
relieve  themselves  of  all  responsibility  for  it  by  pleading  that  it 
was  unknown  to  themselves.  Who  can  say  how  far  this  great 
crime  of  assassination  has  been  effective  in  delaying  and  preventing 
the  desired  reconciliation  ? 

It  was  in  the  midst  of  this  distraction  that  Andrew  Johnson 
came  to  the  presidency,  not  by  virtue  of  two  popular  elections  to 
that  office,  like  his  predecessor,  or  even  of  one  such  election,  but  by 
virtue  of  his  constitutional  election  to  be  only  Vice  President. 
The  unfinished  work  of  the  lamented  Lincoln  devolved  upon  him. 
The  conditions  and  considerations  which  were  the  advantages  in 
his  election  as  Vice  President  suddenly  became  disadvantages  to 
him  as  President.  The  Southern  States  and  the  democratic  party 
were  remembered  but  too  unfavorably  by  the  Northern  anti-slavery 
victors,  in  connection  with  the  rebellion,  the  civil  war,  and  African 
slavery. 

In  addressing  himself  to  the  holy  work  of  national  reconciliation, 
the  new  President  proceeded  with  due  deliberation  and  firmness, 
decision  and  vigor.  He  retained  all  his  lamented  predecessor's 
counsellors.     He  adopted  his  lamented  predecessor's  plan  of  recon- 


548  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

ciliation,  which  seemed  to  him,  as  it  seemed  then  to  the  whole  coun- 
try, to  be  practicable  and  easy,  because  it  was  simple  and  natural. 
It  consisted  simply  in  opening  the  easiest  and  shortest  safe  way  for 
a  return  into  the  national  family  of  the  people  of  the  Southern 
States,  who  now  repented  their  attempted  separation.  Those  states 
were  invited  to  resume  the  vacant  chairs  in  the  legislative  councils, 
by  sending  Senators  and  Representatives,  who  should  be  chosen  l>v 
the  people  of  those  states,  and  who  should  prove  themselves,  bv 
every  practical  test,  unquestionably  loyal  to  the  Union.  Some  con- 
stitution and  frame  of  government  in  the  rebel  states,  however, 
would  be  a  necessary  instrumentality  of  making  such  choice  of 
senators  and  representatives.  There  was  at  the  same  time  a  mani- 
fest necessity  for  such  renewed  institutions  of  municipal  govern- 
ment for  the  restoration  of  peace  and  order  in  the  disorganized 
states,  the  administration  of  justice,  and  the  exercise  of  other  neces- 
sary functions  of  government  there.  The  people  of  the  rebel 
states  were  therefore  invited  to  establish  such  necessary  state  gov- 
ernments, upon  the  basis  of  loyalty  and  fidelity,  of  which  practical 
tests  were  provided.  These  tests  were:  first,  the  acceptance  of  the 
new  amendment  to  the  Constitution  which  abolished  African  slav- 
ery ;  second,  repudiation  of  the  rebel  debt ;  third,  abrogation  of  all 
rebel  laws  ;  fourth,  the  acceptance  of  the  so-called  iron-clad  oath.1 

All  other  questions  were  passed  over  for  further  and  future  ac- 
tion. Loyal  state  governments  were  promptly  formed,  and  loyal 
Senators  and  Representatives  appeared  with  equal  promptness  at 
the  doors  of  Congress,  knocking  for  admission  to  the  seats  vacated 
in  1861.  Then,  and  not  till  then,  peace  was  proclaimed  through- 
out the  land,  and  authoritatively  announced  to  all  nations. 

It  is  not  correct  that  the  President  of  the  United  States  made 
those  state  governments,  or  caused  them  to  be  made,  by  force  or  in- 
timidation. The  Union  armies,  of  which  he  was  commander-in- 
chief,  lingered,  indeed,  in  the  rebel  states,  to  keep  the  peace  in  the 
event  of  surprise  during  the  transition  from  civil  war.  The  popu- 
lar action  there  was,  nevertheless,  spontaneous,  and  the  Executive 
confined  itself  to  the  form  of  suggestion  and  advice  of  which  Presi- 
dent Lincoln  had  already  wisely  set  an  accepted  example.  The  new 
state  constitutions  were  the  best  attainable  at  the  time,  without  di- 
rect application  of  force.     They  were  adequate  to  the  emergency, 

1  Disavowing  and  repudiating  all  connection  with  disunion  or  rebellion. 


THE   SITUATION   AND   THE   DUTY.  549 

and  they  were  open,  like  all  similar  constitutions,  to  further  revis- 
ions and  improvement,  with  the  lapse  of  time  and  the  increase  of 
popular  knowledge  and  virtue  in  the  several  states. 

Congress  hesitated,  debated,  postponed.  The  rebel  states  were 
no  longer  in  rebellion.  They  were  not  received  into  the  Union. 
The  people,  North  as  well  as  South,  were  excited :  new  schemes 
were  proposed,  new  party  combinations  formed.  There  was  no 
longer  the  Union  party,  which  had  conducted  the  country  through 
the  fiercest  civil  war  ever  known.  But  that  party  was  seen  resolv- 
ing itself,  in  an  untimely  hour,  into  ancient  divisions,  the  repub- 
lican and  democratic  parties.  An  advanced  section  of  one  party 
demanded  new  and  further  guarantees,  and  entertained  wild  prop- 
ositions of  retaliation,  confiscation,  proscription,  disfranchisement, 
and  other  penalties,  as  conditions  of  reconciliation.  A  reactionary 
section  of  the  other  insisted  that  all  delays  were  not  only  hazard- 
ous, but  that  all  conditions  whatever  were  unnecessary,  unreason- 
able, and  unconstitutional.  One  party  insisted  that  there  could  be 
no  safe  peace  without  immediately  extending  suffrage  to  the  freed- 
men  by  means  no  matter  how  rash,  unconstitutional,  or  violent. 
The  other  insisted  that  a  proceeding  so  abrupt,  so  violent,  so  in- 
consistent with  the  provisions  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States  in  regard  to  the  conservation  of  the  states  rights  and  in- 
dividual freedom  would  inevitably  inaugurate  a  war  of  races.  What 
did  all  this  indicate  but  a  controversy  about  the  new  constitutions 
to  be  formed  in  the  Southern  States  ?  What  did  imperial  interven- 
tion in  St.  Domingo  or  Mexico  mean,  but  a  demand  of  such  a 
constitution  there  as  should  be  acceptable  to  France  ? 

It  is  not  my  purpose  to  revive  now,  or  even  to  retrace,  that  long 
and  angry  debate.  We  all  see  how  it  has  resulted  thus  far.  All 
the  representatives  sent  to  Congress  by  the  rebel  states  in  1865 
have  been  rejected  without  regard  to  their  qualifications  or  their 
loyalty.  All  the  loyal  state  governments  formed  in  1865  have 
been  abrogated,  without  regard  to  their  loyalty,  with  the  exercise  of 
military  force.  Subaltern  army  officers  have  been  placed  by  Con- 
gress in  charge  of  the  several  states.  Congress  has  enfranchised 
and  disfranchised  in  those  states,  just  as  seemed  best  calculated  to 
secure  the  acceptance  of  constitutions  prescribed  by  itself  through 
military  agents  in  communities  where  no  rebel  force  has  been  seen 
for  nearly  four  years.     The  President,  with  a  tenacity  that   has 


550  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

provoked  the  scrutiny  of  the  nation  and  challenged  the  judgment  of 
mankind,  has  held  fast  to  two  things,  namely,  the  wise  and  humane 
plan  of  his  predecessor,  and,  what  is  infinitely  more  important,  the 
Constitution  of  the  United  States,  just  as  he  found  both.  For  this 
adherence  he  has  been  brought  to  trial  on  impeachment  in  constitu-: 
tional  form,  for  pretended  high  crimes  and  misdemeanors,  and  duly 
acquitted.  The  nation  has  thus  been  called  on  to  sustain  the  new 
shock  of  political  assassination  of  its  chosen  and  beloved  head,  and 
to  encounter  afterward  the  wild  and  reckless  proceedings  of  incon- 
siderate leaders,  such  as  kept  Mexico  in  a  condition  of  anarchy 
through  a  period  of  forty  years,  and  which  have  left  hardly  one 
stable  or  even  peaceful  republic  remaining  in  South  America.  Most 
of  the  states  organized  in  this  irregular  manner  have  sent  their 
representatives  to  Congress,  and  those  representatives  have  been 
admitted,  while  all  the  state  governments  through  whose  machinery 
those  representatives  were  sent,  or  nearly  all,  are  invoking  the  Con- 
gress of  the  United  States  to  suspend  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  to 
establish  martial  law,  to  assume  and  to  confide  to  military  agents 
the  entire  business  of  government  in  those  states,  under  alarms  and 
fears  of  renewed  insurrection  and  restoration  of  slavery. 

It  is  not  my  purpose  to  vindicate  or  even  to  explain  the  part  I 
myself  have  had  in  these  transactions  and  debates,  instructive  us  I 
am  sure  they  will  prove  to  future  ages.  I  simply  say  that  as  I  stood 
firmly  by  the  wise  and  magnanimous  policy  of  President  Lincoln  in 
his  life,  so  I  have  adhered  to  the  same  polic}'  since  his  mortal  re- 
mains were  committed  to  an  untimely  grave,  and  I  have  adhered 
with  equal  fidelity  to  his  constitutional  successor. 

When  the  civil  war  came  to  an  end,  no  wise  man  supposed  that 
the  transition  could  be  abruptly  made  from  a  state  of  civil  war  to  a 
condition  of  tranquillity  and  peace  without  occasional  disturbance  to 
be  produced  by  inconsiderate  individuals,  and  even  by  unlawful 
combinations  of  disappointed  and  excited  men.  On  the  contrary, 
every  wise  man  knew  that  reconciliation,  however  hindered,  could 
not  be  long  deferred,  and  that  constituent  states  of  this  Union,  no 
matter  how  far  they  had  wandered  from  the  ways  of  loyalty,  must 
sooner  01  later  be  again  received  into  the  Union.  I  have  habitually 
thought  that  all  needful  political  wisdom  in  regard  to  that  crisis 
was  contained  in  the  scriptural  injunction,  "  agree  with  your  ad- 
versary quickly,"  and  that  this  injunction,  which  is  true  in  regard 


THE  SITUATION  AND   THE  DUTY.  551 

to   all   adversaries,    is  especially  true  when    your   adversaries   are 
estranged  brethren. 

So  much,  my  friends,  for  the  past.  What  now  is  the  present 
situation  ?  We  have  heard  for  three  years  alarms  of  premature 
reconciliation,  the  advantages  of  procrastination,  the  dangers  of  re- 
action and  renewed  rebellion.  At  last  the  cry  is  frantically  uttered 
by  all  parties,  "Peace,  peace!"  "Let  us  have  peace  !  "  when  there 
is  no  peace  in  the  sense  implied,  but  only  forebodings  of  renewed 
war.  What  does  the  country  need  in  view  of  this  painful  situation  ? 
I  answer  my  own  question.  It  needs  just  what  it  needed  in  1865  — 
the  admission  of  loyal  representatives  from  the  late  rebel  states 
into  the  Congress  of  the  United  States ;  and  it  needs  at  this  time 
and  at  our  hands  no  more.  When  you  have  given  to  the  Southern 
States  the  places  in  Congress  where  they  will  have  a  constitutional 
hearing,  the  people  there  will  acquiesce  in  what  Congress  may  re- 
quire, and  their  mouths  will  be  closed  on  all  constitutional  topics 
that  have  produced  agitation  and  excitement.  The  states  which 
send  those  representatives  must  have  loyal  representative  govern- 
ments to  determine  who,  what  party,  what  interest,  or  what  faction 
shall  enjoy  the  power  or  discharge  the  responsibilities  of  govern- 
ment there.  We  must  indeed  keep  the  peace  for  them,  if  they  can- 
not keep  it  themselves.  We  must,  therefore,  support  and  maintain 
existing  governments  there  to  that  end  ;  but  it  belongs  to  the  people 
of  those  states,  just  as  much  as  it  belongs  to  the  people  of  this 
state,  to  say  whether  they  shall  live  under  one  form  of  loyal  repub- 
lican government  or  another,  and  under  one  administration  of  loyal 
republican  government  or  under  another.  I  do  not  ask  or  require 
that  representatives  or  governments  there  shall  be  white,  or  black, 
or  mixed.  I  insist  only  that  they  shall  be  representative  men,  freely 
chosen  in  those  states  by  the  people  themselves,  and  not  by  outside 
compulsion  or  dictation.  I  do,  indeed,  know  that  the  best  form  of 
republican  government  existing  in  any  of  the  states  is  capable  of 
amendment,  as  I  am  sure  that  it  will  hereafter  be  greatly  amended. 
Being  no  conservative,  in  the  narrow  meaning  of  that  word,  I  not 
only  do  not  oppose,  but  I  favor  all  such  amendments,  and  accept 
but  one  limitation  for  my  efforts  in  that  direction.  That  limitation 
is  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  which  enjoins  non-inter- 
vention upon  me,  so  long  as  those  states  are  loyal  to  the  Union, 
and  keep  the  public  peace,  their  own  peacer  and  the  peace  of  the 


552  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

Union.  I  shall  not,  therefore,  take  the  sword  into  my  own  hand,  or 
put  it  in  the  hand  of  any  other  person,  to  effect  a  reform  by  force 
in  those  states,  which,  I  am  sure,  will  be  effected  much  sooner  and 
much  more  permanently  through  the  exercise  of  persuasion  and 
reason.  As  little  do  I  think  it  my  duty  to  use  the  sword  to  cut 
away  and  remove  what  has  already  been  done  in  those  states, 
whether  it  was  necessarily  done  or  unnecessarily  and  unwisely  done. 
As  I  thought  the  situation  which  existed  in  1865  ought  to  be  ac- 
cepted by  a  reasonable,  patriotic,  and  humane  administration,  so  do 
I  think  now  the  situation  which  exists  in  1868,  after  the  best  efforts 
have  been  made  to  secure  a  better,  ought  to  be  accepted. 

I  am  not  without  hope,  my  friends,  that  this  painful  national 
dilemma  may  be  solved  before  the  end  of  the  present  administra- 
tion, as  all  our  other  national  difficulties  have  been  or  will  be.  The 
ambitions  of  parties  and  chiefs  must  come  to  a  rest  with  the  close 
of  this  election,  and  calmness  and  tranquillity  must  sooner  or  later 
resume  their  sway  over  the  public  mind.  In  that  case,  I  shall  have 
little  desire  to  speak  concerning  the  future  administration  of  the 
government,  content  to  have  performed  with  singleness  of  purpose, 
and  with  all  my  ability^  my  duties  under  the  administration  with 
which  I  am  personally  connected.  It  is,  on  the  other  hand,  possible 
that  the  dilemma  of  reconciliation  may  continue  unsolved,  and  may 
require  the  attention  of  the  new  administration.  It  is  in  this 
respect  that  I  deem  the  present  choice  of  a  future  Chief  Magistrate, 
not  merely  important,  but  perhaps  critically  so,  as  the  last  two 
choices  were.  One  consideration  alone  is  sufficient  to  determine 
my  judgment  in  this  emergency.  I  cannot  forget  that  the  civil  war 
has  closed  with  two  great  political  achievements  :  the  one  the  sav- 
ing of  the  integrity  of  the  Union,  the  other  the  abolition  of  African 
slavery.  Personally,  I  see  no  cause  to  fear,  in  any  case,  a  reaction 
in  which  both  or  either  of  these  great  national  attainments  can  be 
lost.  They  are  in  harmony  with  the  spirit  of  the  age  and  the 
established  progress  of  mankind. 

My  confidence,  however,  in  this  respect,  is  not  indulged,  nor  do  I 
expect  it  to  be  entertained  by  all,  nor  even  by  the  majority  of  my 
patriotic  fellow  citizens,  who  were  engaged  with  me  in  making  or 
aiding  those  great  achievements.  Their  wounds,  unlike  my  own, 
are  yet  unhealed  ;  their  sacrifices,  unlike  my  own,  are  yet  unre- 
warded.    They  have   been,   therefore,  and  they  will  continue  to 


THE  SITUATION   AND   THE  DUTY.  553 

be,  apprehensive  in  that  regard,  and  those  apprehensions  will  in- 
crease with  every  indiscreet  proceeding,  or  even  utterance,  of  any 
person  or  parties  who  were  ever  compromised  in,  or  who  ever 
sympathized  with,  the  rebellion  or  with  African  slavery.  Con- 
fidence is,  in  the  case  of  most  men,  though  it  is  not  in  mine,  a  plant 
of  slow  growth.  Not  only  is  it  true  that  such  apprehensions,  how- 
ever unreasonable  they  may  be,  cannot  be  safely  disregarded,  but  it 
is  equally  true  that  they  are  to  be  respected  and  indulged,  because 
of  the  moral  influence  they  will  exert  in  favor  of  union,  freedom, 
and  progress  in  all  future  times  and  throughout  the  world.  The 
magistrates  who  are  to  preside,  then,  in  the  work  of  reconciliation 
hereafter,  ought,  like  those  who  have  preceded  in  former  stages  of 
that  work,  to  be  men  drawn  from  and  representing  that  class  of 
citizens  who  maintained  the  government  in  the  prosecution  of  the 
civil  war  and  in  the  abolition  of  slavery.  In  no  other  hands  could 
the  work  of  reconciliation  be  expected  to  be  successful,  because  of 
a  different  sort  of  magistrates  would  be  profoundly  and  generally 
suspected  a  willingness  to  betray  the  transcendent  public  interests 
which  were  gained  and  secured  by  the  war. 

The  attitude  of  each  of  the  political  parties  in  this  canvass  is,  in 
some  respects,  different  from  what  I  myself  could  have  desired  or 
would  have  advised.  Very  great  wrongs  have  been  committed  in 
the  name  of  liberty  by  the  republicans  of  the  United  States,  as 
great  crimes  were  committed  in  the  same  holy  name  by  French  re- 
publicans in  the  revolution  of  1789.  Nevertheless,  the  republican 
party  neither  rests  under  any  suspicion  of  its  devotion  to  human 
freedom,  nor  can  it  fall  under  any  such  suspicion. 

The  democratic  party,  I  do  not  now  propose  to  say  with  how 
much  justice,  has  not  so  conducted  itself  in  its  corporate  and  re- 
sponsible action  as  to  secure  the  entire  confidence  of  a  loyal  and 
exacting  people  in  its  unconditional  and  uncompromising  adherence 
to  the  Union,  or  in  its  acceptance  and  approval  of  the  effective  aboli- 
tion of  slavery.  I  entertain  no  jealousy  of  the  democratic  party  or 
its  leaders,  and  no  unfriendly  or  uncharitable  feelings  toward  that 
great  constituency.  On  the  other  hand,  I  cherish  a  grateful  appre- 
ciation of  the  patriotism,  the  magnanimity,  the  heroism  of  many  of 
my  fellow-citizens  with  whom  I  have  cheerfully  labored  and  cooper- 
ated, while  they  still  retained  their  adhesion  to  the  democratic 
party.     How  could  I  distrust  the  loyalty  or  the  virtue  of  Andrew 


554  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

Johnson,  of  General  Hancock,  General  McClellan,  Senator  Bucka- 
lew  of  Pennsylvania,  of  Senator  Hendricks  of  Indiana,  or  his  asso- 
ciate, Mr.  Niblack,  or  of  Mr.  S.  S.  Cox,  then  of  Ohio,  to  whom,  per- 
sonally, more  than  any  other  member,  is  due  the  passage  of  the 
constitutional  amendment  in  Congress  abolishing  African  slavery.1 
I  have,  therefore,  regarded  with  sincere,  and,  I  trust,  patriotic  satis- 
faction, the  efforts  of  democratic  leaders,  as  well  as  those  made  in 
1864  at  Chicago,  as  the  greater  ones  made  in  New  York  in  1868,  to 
lift  the  democratic  party  up  to  a  plane,  upon  attaining  which  all  the 
errors  and  shortcomings  of  any  of  its  members  during  the  civil  war 
would  at  once  drop  off  from  the  democratic  party's  back,  as  the 
burden  of  Christian  fell  off  his  back  when  he  "  came  up  to  the 
cross." 

If  the  democratic  party  had  only  reached  that  plane,  I  should 
have  felt  that  further  concern  on  ray  part  about  the  work  of  recon- 
ciliation might  be  dismissed.  In  that  case,  we  should  have  had  the 
two  great  parties  of  the  country  substantially  agreed  in  the  right, 
just  as  the  two  great  parties  of  the  country,  in  my  judgment,  in  1852 
agreed  in  the  wrong.  In  1852  both  parties  agreed  in  the  compromise 
of  1850,  which  accepted  the  fugitive  slave  law,  allowed  the  extension 
of  African  slavery,  and  prohibited  discussion  upon  it  in  the  national 
Congress  forever.  If  the  democratic  party  in  1868  had  lifted  them- 
selves to  the  position  I  have  supposed,  we  should  then  have  had 
both  parties  of  the  country  practically  agreeing  in  the  justice,  wis- 
dom, and  humanity  of  the  government  in  the  civil  war,  and  of  the 
abolition  of  slavery;  and  at  the  same  time  agreeing  upon  the  ripe- 
ness of  the  time  and  the  necessity  for  peace'and  fraternal  affection. 
The  democratic  party  having  failed  to  do  so,  its  preparation  to 
assume  the  responsibilities  of  a  rescued  and  regenerated  nation  must 
be  delayed  four  years.  To  confide  those  responsibilities  to  that 
party  in  its  present  condition  would  be  to  continue,  perhaps  in- 
crease, the  lamentable  political  excitement  which  alone  has  pre- 
vented the  complete  restoration  of  the  Union  to  the  present 
time. 

I  well  know  that  it  will  be  said,  on  the  other  hand,  with  much 
show  of  reason,  that  extreme  idealists  and  agitators  may  be  expected 
to  exert  a  dangerous  influence  under  a  new  republican  administra- 

1  Mr.  Cox  voted  against  the  amendment,  but  is  understood  to  have  persuaded  others  of  his  own  party 
to  vote  for  it.    Sixteen  democrats  voted  aye,  securing  its  passage  in  the  House  by  two  majority. 


THE   SITUATION    AND    THE   DUTY.  555 

tion,  by  reason  of  their  having  gathered  themselves  into  the  ranks 
of  the  supporters  of  the  republican  candidate.  This,  however,  is  no 
new  dilemma  for  me,  or  for  many  of  you,  my  old  friends.  We 
were  required  year  after  year  to  support  Henry  Clay  as  the  best  of 
two  choices,  although  he  disavowed  all  that  time  the  noble  princi- 
ples which  we  held  concerning  the  irrepressible  conflict  between 
freedom  and  slavery.  We  did  so  wisely.  We  were  required  in 
1852  to  support  General  Scott  as  the  best  of  two  candidates  offered 
us,  although  he  was  put  upon  a  platform  which  maintained  the 
fugitive  slave  law,  and  declared  it  perpetually  inviolable.  We 
wisely  did  that.  No  one  citizen  may  ever  hope  to  find  a  candidate 
perfectly  acceptable  to  himself,  and  yet  find  that  the  grounds  of  his 
own  choice  for  that  candidate  are  accepted  by  all  his  fellow-citizens 
who  concur  with  him  in  that  preference.  No  one  can  foresee  six 
months  beforehand  what  the  political  exigencies  of  the  country  may 
be,  or  how  the  administration  of  the  government  must  act  when 
they  occur.  In  1860  we  elected  a  President  simply  to  maintain  the 
cause  of  freedom  against  legislative  aggression.  That  administra- 
tion encountered  no  such  difficulty.  The  danger  apprehended  had 
passed  away  before  that  administration  came  into  power,  and  it 
found  itself  confronted,  instead  of  that  danger,  by  a  rebellion  which 
taxed  all  its  energies,  and  opened  a  conflict  which  resulted  in  the 
immediate  abolition  of  slavery  ;  an  event  which  had  not  been  before 
expected  to  occur  in  less  than  fifty  years !  So  I  think  none  can 
now  foresee  the  especial  line  of  official  duty  which  a  new  adminis- 
tration may  find  it  necessary  to  pursue. 

We  are  impatient  of  the  slow  progress  we  make  toward  great 
national  ends.  We  often  magnify  the  obstacles  we  meet  and  deem 
them  insurmountable  ;  but  time  is  always  busy  in  abating  those 
difficulties  and  smoothing  our  way.  The  result  of  the  election,  if 
favorable  to  the  candidates  of  our  choice,  will  put  an  end  to  all  the 
debates  which  it  has  excited,  and  prepare  the  popular  mind  to  ac- 
cept now  what  it  has  heretofore  rejected,  namely,  the  most  practi- 
cable and  easy  solution  of  the  national  embarrassments.  In  any  case 
I  console  myself  with  the  reflection  that  as  wisdom  was  not  born 
with  the  administration  of  Abraham  Lincoln,  so  it  will  not  die  with 
the  administration  of  Andrew  Johnson. 

I  have  not  entertained  you  on  this  occasion,  my  friends,  with  eu- 
logiums  upon  your  candidates  or  any  of  them  ;  or  with  aspersions  of 


556  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

the  candidates  of  your  opponents  or  any  of  them.  I  need  scarcely 
remind  you  that  I  have  no  such  habit.  Certainly  there  is  no  occa- 
sion now  for  that  line  of  debate.  All  those  candidates  are  well 
known,  more  widely  known,  indeed,  than  any  candidates  who  have 
ever  before  been  named  for  the  high  offices  for  which  they  are  des- 
ignated, since  the  first  administration  of  the  government.  They 
are  better  known,  because  they  are  historically  identified  with  na- 
tional trials  of  surpassing  magnitude,  and  of  deep  interest  to  all 
mankind. 

It  remains  only  now  to  thank  you  for  your  indulgence.  If  I  have 
come  among  you  late,  I  have,  nevertheless,  come  in  time.  I  have 
neither  questioned  the  opinions  nor  the  motives  which  have  gov- 
erned your  civil  conduct  since  we  last  met.  I  have  troubled  you  with 
no  explanations  of  my  own.  We  have  come  together  again  at  a  time 
when  I  am  approaching  the  end  of  a  service  in  the  Executive  Depart- 
ment of  our  government  as  long  as  has  ever  been  vouchsafed  by  this 
nation  to  any  citizen  in  the  Department  which  I  have  conducted. 
Practically,  I  am  already  returned  among  you  a  private  citizen,  as  I 
was  when  I  was  called  into  that  service.  The  responsibilities  and 
trials  which  have  attended  the  government  during  that  period  have 
transcended  in  dignity  and  in  interest  any  through  which  our  gov- 
ernment had  previously  passed,  except,  perhaps,  in  the  Revolution. 
I  trust  that  no  equal  responsibilities  or  trials  are  in  reserve  for  the 
next  administration,  or  are  to  be  encountered  by  any  future  admin- 
istration for  many  generations  to  come.  I  am  by  no  means  confi- 
dent that  I  have  not  often  erred.  I  have,  nevertheless,  a  humble 
trust  that  at  least  these  things  can  be  said  of  me,  by  those  of  you 
whose  friendship  I  am  still  permitted  to  enjoy,  namely,  that  no  act 
or  word  of  mine  brought  on  or  hastened  the  lamentable  civil  war 
whose  wounds  it  is  our  present  object  to  heal ;  but,  on  the  contrary, 
no  act  that  I  could  perform,  nor  any  word  that  I  could  utter,  to  pre- 
vent or  even  delay  that  calamity,  was  withheld.  When  that  civil 
war  came  it  found  me  on  the  ramparts  of  the  Constitution,  and  so 
long  as  it  was  waged,  no  act  or  word  of  mine  encouraged  an  enemy 
of  the  United  States,  at  home  or  abroad  ;  while,  on  the  contrary, 
every  act  that  I  could  lawfully  perform,  and  every  word  that  I 
could  lawfully  utter  to  save  the  national  life,  fearfully  exposed  at 
home  and  abroad,  was  performed  and  spoken.  No  act  or  word  of 
mine  has  consented  to  the  prolongation  of  slavery  a  single  day.    On 


THE   SITUATION   AND   THE   DUTY.  557 

the  contrary,  my  hand  and  seal  is  found  upon  the  one  international 
act  which  remained  to  abolish  the  African  slave-trade  throughout 
the  world,  and  on  the  military  proclamation  and  the  constitutional 
amendment,  that  forever  abolished  slavery  itself  in  the  United 
States. 

No  one  state  in  the  Union,  nor  any  fraction  of  a  state,  was,  by 
any  action  or  word  of  mine,  driven  or  allowed  to  separate  itself 
from  the  Union.  On  the  contrary,  every  act  or  word  that  I  could 
lawfully  perform  or  speak  to  prevent  that  wild  treason  or  madness 
was  spoken  with  all  the  decision,  and  yet  with  all  the  moderation, 
that  such  counsels  required.  When  that  frightful  rebellion  ceased, 
no  one  state  of  the  Union,  or  fraction  of  a  state,  was,  by  any  action 
or  word  of  mine,  repelled  from  returning  to  its  allegiance.  On  the 
contrary,  every  act  or  word  of  mine  that  was  useful,  or  that  prom- 
ised to  be  useful,  in  bringing  those  revolutionary  states  back  to 
reinforce  and  reinvigorate  the  Union  which  they  had  so  rashly 
attempted  to  destroy,  was  seasonably  performed  and  spoken.  No 
seat  in  Congress  constitutionally  assigned  to  any  state  or  community 
within  the  United  States  is  now,  or  ever  has  been,  one  moment 
kept  vacant  or  unoccupied  through  any  prohibition,  obstruction,  or 
hindrance  of  mine,  by  word  or  deed.  On  the  contrary,  the  crime, 
and  only  crime,  of  which  I  now  know  that  I  am  impeached,  is  that 
of  being  too  precipitate  in  the  policy  of  national  reconciliation  and 
peace.  No  state,  or  any  citizen,  by  any  act  or  word  of  mine,  has 
suffered  disfranchisement  or  confiscation ;  nor,  except  for  the  as- 
sassination of  Abraham  Lincoln,  has  any  one  endured  penalties  or 
punishment.  Throughout  my  life  an  advocate  of  universal  suffrage 
for  the  exile  and  the  emigrant,  and  even  the  slave,  I  give  to  those 
classes  the  support  and  patronage  which  the  Constitution  of  my 
country  permits  and  allows.  No  injury,  insult,  or  other  offence  has 
been  committed  against  our  country,  or  any  one  of  its  citizens,  by 
any  foreign  state  or  nation,  without  having  found  me  employing  all 
the  constitutional  power  confided  to  me,  with  all  the  ability  I  pos- 
sessed, to  redress  the  wrong.  The  prestige  of  the  nation,  I  humbly 
trust,  has  not  been  lost  or  impaired.  I  almost  dare  to  think  it  has 
been  elevated  amid  all  the  domestic  trials  of  civil  war  and  factions. 
The  Monroe  doctrine,  which  eight  years  ago  was  merely  a  theory, 
is  now  an  irreversible  fact.  Certainly  the  country  is  not  less  now, 
but  is  larger  than  I  found  it  when  I  entered  my  last  public  service. 


558  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

It  has  already  begun  to  enjoy  the  wealth  of  the  polar  seas,  and  I 
am  sure  it  is  not  my  fault  if  its  flag  is  still  jealously  excluded  by 
European  nations  from  the  ever  verdant  islands  of  the  Caribbean 
sea.  When  I  left  you  to  enter  the  public  service,  insurrectionary 
armies  were  being  gathered  into  the  field  of  domestic  war,  and  the 
hollowness  of  national  friendships  was  experienced  in  the  melan- 
choly fact  that  the  United  States  had  not  one  assured  and  sympa- 
thizing friend  in  the  world  except  the  republic  of  Switzerland.  It 
is  a  source  of  satisfaction  to  us  all  that  our  country  has  now  many 
new  and  established  friends  amongst  the  nations,  while  for  my- 
self, I  am  sure,  as  I  trust  you  will  soon  be  for  yourselves,  that  they 
have  no  longer  any  dangerous  domestic  foe  within  their  borders. 
If  now  I  shall  find  the  ancient  cheer  which  heretofore  presided  at 
your  firesides  in  winter  ;  if  I  shall  find  the  birds  still  lingering  in 
your  gardens  and  groves  as  in  the  olden  time  in  the  summer ;  if 
the  trout  are  not  exhausted  in  your  brooks,  or  the  perch  in  your 
lakes ;  if  industry  still  dwells  in  your  shops,  and  you  still  want  new 
shops  and  houses  to  be  built  for  your  mechanics  and  laborers  ;  if 
piety  shall  prevail  as  heretofore  in  your  churches,  and  charity  to- 
ward each  other,  and  humanity  toward  all  conditions  of  men  shall 
distinguish  your  political  assemblies,  then,  indeed,  we  are  about  to 
renew,  with  mutual  satisfaction,  an  acquaintance  which,  while  it 
existed  unbroken,  was  happy  for  us  all,  and  which,  for  me,  has  been 
too  long  and  painfully  suspended. 


CONCLUSION   OF  A   PREVIOUS   SPEECH. 

Auburn,  May  22,  1866. 

What,  then,  is  my  conclusion  ?  It  is  one  that  will  at  least  be 
admitted  to  harmorjize  with  my  past  life.  I  am  hopeful, — hopeful 
of  the  President,  hopeful  of  the  Congress,  hopeful  of  the  National 
Union  party,  hopeful  of  the  democratic  party,  hopeful  of  the  rep- 
resented states,  hopeful  of  the  unrepresented  states,  —  above  all, 
hopeful  of  the  whole  people,  and  hopeful  of  the  continued  favor 
of  Almighty  God. 

When  I  shall  return  here  from  the  field  of  public  service,  and 
shall  have  come  to  mingle  once  more  in  your  quiet  and  peaceful 


ALASKA.  559 

pursuits,  I  desire  and  hope  then  to  be  able  to  look  with  renewed 
affection  and  pride  upon  our  beloved  country.  I  hope  that,  then, 
while  I  remember  how  fearfully  within  our  own  time  she  has  been 
beset,  besieged,  and  bested,  I  shall,  nevertheless,  be  able  to  say  to  all 
her  enemies  at  home,  as  well  as  abroad  :  — 

"  Compass  her  walls  in  solemn  pomp, 
Your  eyes  quite  round  her  east, 
Count  all  her  towers,  and  see  if  there 
You  find  one  stone  displaced." 


ALASKA. 

Sitka,  August  12,  1869. 


Citizens  of  Alaska,  Fellow  -  citizens  of  the  United 
States  :  — You  have  pressed  me  to  meet  you  in  public  assembly 
once  before  I  leave  Alaska.  It  would  be  sheer  affectation  to  pre- 
tend to  doubt  your  sincerity  in  making  this  request,  and  capriciously 
ungrateful  to  refuse  it,  after  having  received  so  many  and  varied 
hospitalities  from  all  sorts  and  conditions  of  men.  It  is  not  an 
easy  task,  however,  to  speak  in  a  manner  worthy  of  your  considera- 
tion, while  I  am  living  constantly  on  ship-board,  as  you  all  know, 
and  am  occupied  intently  in  searching  out  whatever  is  sublime,  or 
beautiful,  or  peculiar,  or  useful.  On  the  other  band,  it  is  altogether 
natural  on  your  part  to  say,  "  You  have  looked  upon  Alaska,  what 
do  you  think  of  it?  "  Unhappily,  I  have  seen  too  little  of  Alaska 
to  answer  the  question  satisfactorily.  The  entire  coast  line  of  the 
United  States,  exclusive  of  Alaska,  is  10,000  miles,  while  the  coast 
line  of  Alaska  alone,  including  the  islands,  is  26,000  miles.  The 
portion  of  the  Territory  which  lies  east  of  the  peninsula,  including 
islands,  is  120  miles  wide ;  the  western  portion,  including  Aleutian 
islands,  expands  to  a  breadth  of  2,200  miles.  The  entire  land 
area,  including  islands,  is  577,390  statute  square  miles.1  We  should 
think  a  foreigner  very  presumptuous  who  should  presume  to  give 
the  world  an  opinion  of  the  whole  of  the  United  States  of  America, 
after  he  had  merely  looked  in  from  his  steamer  at  Plymouth  and 
Boston  harbor,  or  had  run  up  the  Hudson  River  to  the  Highlands, 

1  See  accompanying  map. 


560  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

or  had  ascended  the  Delaware  to  Trenton,  or  the  James  River  to 
Richmond,  or  the  Mississippi  no  farther  than  Memphis.  My  ob- 
servation thus  far  has  hardly  been  more  comprehensive.  I  entered 
the  Territory  of  Alaska  at  the  Portland  canal,  made  my  way  through 
the  narrow  passages  of  the  Prince  of  Wales  archipelago,  thence 
through  Peril  and  Chatham  straits  and  Lynn  channel,  and  up  the 
Chilcat  River  to  the  base  of  Fairweather ;  from  which  latter  place 
I  have  returned  through  Clarence  straits,  to  sojourn  a  few  days  in 
your  beautiful  bay,  under  the  shadows  of  the  Baranoff  hills  and 
Mount  Edgecombe.  Limited,  however,  as  my  opportunities  have 
been,  I  will,  without  further  apology,  give  you  the  impressions  I 
have  received. 

Of  course  I  speak  first  of  the  skies  of  Alaska.  It  seems  to  be 
assumed  in  the  case  of  Alaska  that  a  country  which  extends  through 
fifty-eight  degrees  of  longitude,  and  embraces  portions  as  well  of 
the  arctic  as  of  the  temperate  zone,  unlike  all  other  regions  so 
situated,  has  not  several  climates,  but  only  one.  The  weather  of 
this  one  broad  climate  of  Alaska  is  severely  criticised  in  outside 
circles  for  being  too  wet  and  too  cold.  Nevertheless,  it  must  be  a 
fastidious  person  who  complains  of  climates  in  which,  while  the 
eagle  delights  to  soar,  the  humming-bird  does  not  disdain  to  flutter. 
I  shall  speak  only  of  the  particular  climate  here  which  I  know. 

My  visit  here  happens  to  fall  within  the  month  of  August.  Not 
only  have  the  skies  been  sufficiently  bright  and  serene  to  give  me 
a  perfect  view,  under  the  sixtieth  parallel,  of  the  total  eclipse  of  the 
sun,  and  of  the  evening  star  at  the  time  of  the  sun's  obscuration, 
but  I  have  also  enjoyed  more  clear  than  there  have  been  cloudy 
days,  and  in  the  early  mornings  and  in  the  late  evenings  peculiar 
to  the  season  I  have  lost  myself  in  admiration  of  skies  adorned  with 
sapphire  and  gold  as  richly  as  those  which  are  reflected  by  the 
Mediterranean.  Of  all  the  moonlights  in  the  world,  commend  me 
to  those  which  light  up  the  archipelago  of  the  North  Pacific  Ocean. 
Fogs  have  sometimes  detained  me  longer  on  the  Hudson  and  on 
Long  Island  sound  than  now  on  the  waters  of  the  North  Pacific. 
In  saying  this,  I  do  not  mean  to  say  that  rain  and  fog  are  unfre- 
quent  here.  The  Russian  pilot,  George,  whom  you  all  know,  ex- 
pressed my  conviction  on  this  matter  exactly  when  he  said  to  me, 
'*  Oh,  yes,  Mr.  Seward,  we  do  have  changeable  weather  here  some- 
times, as  they  do  in  the  other  states."     I  might  amend  the  expres- 


ALASKA.  561 

sion  by  adding,  the  weather  here  is  only  a  little  more  changeable. 
It  must  be  confessed,  at  least,  that  it  is  an  honest  climate,  for  it 
makes  no  pretensions  to  constancy.  If,  however,  you  have  fewer 
bright  sunrises  and  glowing  sunsets  than  southern  latitudes  enjoy, 
you  are  favored,  on  the  other  hand,  with  more  frequent  and  more 
magnificent  displays  of  the  aurora  and  the  rainbow.  The  ther- 
mometer tells  the  whole  case  when  it  reports  that  the  summer  is 
colder  and  the  winter  is  warmer  in  Alaska  than  in  New  York  and 
Washington.  It  i-esults  from  the  nature  of  such  a  climate  that  the 
earth  prefers  to  support  the  fir,  the  spruce,  the  pine,  the  hemlock, 
and  other  evergreens,  rather  than  deciduous  trees,  and  to  furnish 
.grasses  and  esculent  roots,  rather  than  the  cereals  of  drier  and  hotter 
climates.  I  have  mingled  freely  with  the  multifarious  population  — 
the  Tongass,  the  Stickeens,  the  Cakes,  the  Hydahs,  the  Sitkas,  the 
Kootznoos,  and  the  Chilcats,  as  well  as  with  the  traders,  the  sol- 
diers, the  seamen,  and  the  settlers  of  various  nationalities,  English, 
Swedish,  Russian,  and  American  —  and  I  have  seen  all  around  me 
only  persons  enjoying  robust  and  exuberant  health.  Manhood  of 
every  race  and  condition  everywhere  exhibits  activity  and  energy, 
while  infancy  seems  exempt  from  disease,  and  age  relieved  from 
pain. 

It  is  next  in  order  to  speak  of  the  rivers  and  seas  of  Alaska. 
The  rivers  are  broad,  shallow,  and  rapid,  while  the  seas  are  deep 
but  tranquil.  Mr.  Sumner,  in  his  elaborate  and  magnificent  oration, 
although  he  spake  only  from  historical  accounts,  has  not  exagger- 
ated —  no  man  can  exaggerate  —  the  marine  treasures  of  the  Ter- 
ritory. Beside  the  whale,  which  everywhere  and  at  all  times  is 
seen  enjoying  his  robust  exercise,  and  the  sea-otter,  the  fur-seal, 
the  hair-seal,  and  the  walrus,  found  in  the  waters  which  embosom 
the  western  islands,  those  waters,  as  well  as  the  seas  of  the  eastern 
archipelago,  are  found  teeming  with  the  salmon,  cod,  and  other 
fishes  adapted  to  the  support  of  human  and  animal  life.  Indeed, 
what  I  have  seen  here  has  almost  made  me  a  convert  to  the  theory 
of  some  naturalists,  that  the  waters  of  the  globe  are  filled  with 
stores  for  the  sustenance  of  animal  life  surpassing  the  available  pro- 
ductions of  the  land. 

It  must  be  remembered  that  the  coast  range  of  mountains,  which 
begins  in  Mexico,  is  continued  into  the  Territory,  and  invades  the 
seas  of  Alaska.     Hence  it  is  that  in  the  islands  and  on  the  main- 
36 


562  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

land,  so  far  as  I  have  explored  it,  we  find  ourselves  everywhere  in 
the  immediate  presence  of  black  hills,  or  foot-hills,  as  they  are 
variously  called,  and  that  these  foot-hills  are  overtopped  by  ridges 
of  snow-capped  mountains.  These  snow-capped  mountains  are  man- 
ifestly of  volcanic  origin,  and  they  have  been  subjected,  through  an 
indefinite  period,  to  atmospheric  abrasion  and  disintegration.  Hence 
they  have  assumed  all  conceivable  shapes  and  forms.  In  some  places 
they  are  serrated  into  sharp,  angular  peaks,  and  in  other  places  they 
appear  architecturally  arranged,  so  as  to  present  cloud-capped  cas- 
tles, towers,  domes,  and  minarets.  The  mountain  sides  are  furrowed 
with  deep  and  straight  ravines,  down  which  the  thawing  fields  of 
ice  and  snow  are  precipitated,  generally  in  the  month  of  May,  with 
such  a  vehemence  as  to  have  produced  in  every  valley  immense 
level  plains  of  intervale  land.  These  plains,  as  well  as  the  sides  of 
the  mountains,  almost  to  the  summits,  are  covered  with  forests  so 
dense  and  dark  as  to  be  impenetrable,  except  to  wild  beasts  and 
savage  huntsmen.  On  the  lowest  intervale  land  the  cotton  wood 
grows.  It  seems  to  be  the  species  of  poplar  which  is  known  in  the 
Atlantic  States  as  the  Balm  of  Gilead,  and  which  is  dwarfed  on  the 
Rocky  Mountains.  Here  it  takes  on  such  large  dimensions,  that 
the  Indian  shapes  out  of  a  single  trunk  even  his  great  war  canoe, 
which  safely  bears  over  the  deepest  waters  a  phalanx  of  sixty  war- 
riors. These  imposing  trees  always  appear  to  rise  out  of  a  jungle 
of  elder,  alder,  crab-apple,  and  other  fruit-bearing  shrubs  and 
bushes.  The  short  and  slender  birch,  which,  sparsely  scattered, 
marks  the  verge  of  vegetation  in  Labrador,  has  not  yet  been  reached 
by  the  explorers  of  Alaska.  The  birch  tree  sometimes  appears  here 
upon  the  river  side,  upon  the  level  next  above  the  home  of  the 
cottonwood,  and  is  generally  found  a  comely  and  stately  tree.  The 
forests  of  Alaska,  however,  consist  mainly  neither  of  shrubs,  nor  of 
the  birch,  nor  of  the  cottonwood,  but,  as  I  have  already  intimated, 
of  the  pine,  the  cedar,  the  cypress,  the  spruce,  the  fir,  the  larch, 
and  the  hemlock.  These  forests  begin  almost  at  the  water's  edge, 
and  they  rise  with  regular  gradation  to  a  height  of  two  thousand 
feet.  The  trees,  nowhere  dwarfed  or  diminutive,  attain  the  highest 
dimensions  in  sunny  exposures  in  the  deeper  canons  or  gorges  of 
the  mountains.  The  cedar,  sometimes  called  the  yellow  cedar,  and 
sometimes  the  fragrant  cedar,  was  long  ago  imported  into  China  as 
an  ornamental  wood ;  and  it  now  furnishes  the  majestic  beams  and 


ALASKA.  563 

pillars  with  which  the  richer  and  more  ambitious  native  chief  de- 
lights to  construct  his  rude  but  spacious  hall  or  palatial  residence, 
and  upon  which  he  carves  in  rude  symbolical  imagery  the  heraldry 
of  his  tribe  and  achievements  of  his  nation.  No  beam,  or  pillar,  or 
spar,  or  mast,  or  plank  is  ever  required  in  either  the  land  or  the 
naval  architecture  of  any  civilized  state  greater  in  length  and  width 
than  the  trees  which  can  be  hewn  down  on  the  coasts  of  the  islands 
and  rivers  here,  and  conveyed  directly  thence  by  navigation.  A 
few  gardens,  fields,  and  meadows,  have  been  attempted  by  natives 
in  some  of  the  settlements,  and  by  soldiers  at  the  military  posts, 
with  most  encouraging  results.  Nor  must  we  forget  that  the  native 
grasses,  ripening  late  in  a  humid  climate,  preserve  their  nutritive 
properties,  though  exposed,  while  the  climate  is  so  mild  that  cattle 
and  horses  require  but  slight  provision  of  shelter  during  the  winter. 

Such  is  the  island  and  coast  portion  of  Eastern  Alaska.  Kla- 
kautch,  the  Chilcat,  who  is  known  and  feared  by  the  Indians 
throughout  the  whole  Territory,  and  who  is  a  very  intelligent  chief, 
informs  me,  that  beyond  the  mountain  range  which  intervenes 
between  the  Chilcat  and  the  Youkon  rivers,  you  descend  into  a 
plain  unbroken  by  hills  or  mountains,  very  fertile,  in  a  genial 
climate,  and,  as  far  as  he  could  learn,  of  boundless  extent.  We 
have  similar  information  from  those  who  have  traversed  the  in- 
terior from  the  shore  of  the  Portland  canal  to  the  upper  branches 
of  the  Youkon.  We  have  reason,  therefore,  to  believe  that  beyond 
the  coast  range  of  mountains  in  Alaska  we  shall  find  an  extension 
of  the  rich  and  habitable  valley  lands  of  Oregon,  Washington 
Territory,  and  British  Columbia. 

After  what  I  have  already  said,  I  may  excuse  myself  from  ex- 
patiating on  the  animal  productions  of  the  forest.  The  elk  and  the 
deer  are  so  plenty  as  to  be  undervalued  for  food  or  skins,  by  natives 
as  well  as  strangers.  The  bear  of  many  families  —  black,  grizzly, 
and  cinnamon  ;  the  mountain  sheep,  inestimable  for  his  fleece  ;  the 
wolf,  the  fox,  the  beaver,  the  otter,  the  mink,  the  raccoon,  the  mar- 
ten, the  ermine;  the  squirrel —  gray,  black,  brown,  and  flying,  are 
among  the  land  fur-bearing  animals.  The  furs  thus  found  here 
have  been  the  chief  element,  for  more  than  a  hundred  years,  of  the 
profitable  commerce  of  the  Hudson  Bay  Company,  whose  mere  pos- 
sessory privileges  seem,  even  at  this  late  day,  too  costly  to  find  a 
ready  purchaser.     This  fur  trade,  together  with  the  sea  fur-trade 


564  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

within  the  Territory,  were  the  sole  basis  alike  of  Russian  com- 
merce and  empire  on  this  continent.  This  commerce  was  so  large 
and  important  as  to  induce  the  Governments  of  Russia  and  China 
to  build  and  maintain  a  town  for  carrying  on  its  exchanges  in 
Tartary  on  the  border  of  the  two  empires.  It  is  well  understood 
that  the  supply  of  furs  in  Alaska  has  not  diminished,  while  the  de- 
mand for  them  in  China  and  elsewhere  has  immensely  increased. 

I  fear  that  we  must  confess  to  a  failure  of  ice  as  an  element  of 
territorial  wealth,  at  least  as  far  as  this  immediate  region  is  con- 
cerned. I  find  that  the  Russian  American  Company,  whose  mo- 
nopoly was  abolished  by  the  treaty  of  acquisition,  depended  for  ice 
exclusively  upon  the  small  lake  or  natural  pond  which  furnishes  the 
power  for  your  saw-mill  in  this  town,  and  that  this  dependence  has 
now  failed  by  reason  of  the  increasing  mildness  of  the  winter.  The 
California  Ice  Company  are  now  trying  the  small  lakes  of  Kodiac, 
and  certainly  I  wish  them  success.  I  think  it  is  not  yet  ascertained 
whether  glacier  ice  is  pure  and  practical  for  commerce.  If  it  is,  the 
world  may  be  supplied  from  the  glaciers,  which,  suspended  from  the 
region  of  the  clouds,  stand  forth  in  the  majesty  of  ever-wasting  and 
ever-renewed  translucent  mountains  upon  the  banks  of  the  Stickeen 
and  Chilcat  rivers  and  the  shores  of  Cross  Sound. 

Alaska  has  been  as  yet  but  imperfectly  explored  ;  but  enough  is 
known  to  assure  us  that  it  possesses  treasures  of  what  are  called  the 
baser  ores  equal  to  those  of  any  other  region  of  the  continent.  We 
have  Copper  Island  and  Copper  River,  so  named  as  the  places  where 
the  natives,  before  the  period  of  the  Russian  discovery,  had  pro- 
cured the  pure  metal  from  which  they  fabricated  instruments  of  war 
and  legendary  shields.  In  regard  to  iron,  the  question  seems  to  be 
not  where  it  can  be  found,  but  whether  there  is  any  place  where  it 
does  not  exist.  Mr.  Davidson,  of  the  Coast  Survey,  invited  me  to 
go  up  to  him  at  the  station  he  had  taken  up  the  Chilcat  River  to 
make  his  observations  of  the  eclipse,  by  writing  me  that  he  had  dis- 
covered an  iron  mountain  there.  When  I  came  there  I  found  that, 
very  properly,  he  had  been  studying  the  heavens  so  busily,  that  he 
had  but  cursorily  examined  the  earth  under  his  feet ;  that  it  was 
not  a  single  iron  mountain  he  had  discovered,  but  a  range  of 
hills,  the  very  dust  of  which  adheres  to  the  magnet,  while  the  range 
itself,  two  thousand  feet  high,  extends  along  the  east  bank  of  the 
river  thirty  miles.     Limestone  and  marble  crop  out  on  the  banks 


ALASKA.  565 

of  the  same  river  and  in  many  other  places.  Coal-beds,  accessible 
to  navigation,  are  found  at  Kootznoo.  It  is  said,  however,  that  the 
concentrated  resin  which  the  mineral  contains  renders  it  too  in- 
flammable to  be  safely  used  by  steamers.  In  any  case,  it  would 
jeeni  calculated  to  supply  the  fuel  requisite  for  the  manufacture  of 
iron.  What  seems  to  be  excellent  cannel  coal  is  also  found  in  the 
Prince  of  Wales  archipelago.  There  are  also  mines  at  Cook's  Inlet. 
Placer  and  quartz  gold  mining  is  pursued  under  many  social  disad- 
vantages upon  the  Stickeen  and  elsewhere,  with  a  degree  of  success 
which,  while  it  does  not  warrant  us  in  assigning  a  superiority  in  that 
respect  to  the  Territory,  does  nevertheless  warrant  us  in  regarding 
gold  mining  as  an  established  and  reliable  resource. 

It  would  argue  inexcusable  insensibility  if  I  should  fail  to  speak 
of  the  scenery  which,  in  the  course  of  my  voyage,  has  seemed  to 
pass  like  a  varied  and  magnificent  panorama  before  me.  The  ex- 
hibition did  not,  indeed,  open  within  the  Territory.  It  broke  upon 
me  first  when  I  had  passed  Cape  Flattery  and  entered  the  Straits 
of  Fuca,  which  separate  British  Columbia  from  Washington  Terri- 
tory. It  widened  as  I  passed  along  the  shore  of  Puget  Sound,  ex- 
panded in  the  waters  which  divide  Vancouver  from  the  continent, 
and  finally  spread  itself  out  into  a  magnificent  archipelago,  stretch- 
ing through  the  entire  Gulf  of  Alaska,  and  closing  under  the  shade 
of  Mounts  Fairweather  and  St.  Elias.  Nature  has  furnished  to  this 
majestic  picture  the  only  suitable  border  which  could  be  conceived, 
by  lifting  the  coast  range  mountains  to  an  exalted  height,  and  cloth- 
ing them  with  eternal  snows  and  crystalline  glaciers. 

It  remains  only  to  speak  of  man  and  of  society  in  Alaska.  Until 
the  present  moment  the  country  has  been  exclusively  inhabited  and 
occupied  by  some  thirty  or  more  Indian  tribes.  I  incline  to  doubt 
the  popular  classification  of  these  tribes  upon  the  assumption  that 
they  have  descended  from  diverse  races.  Climate  and  other  cir- 
cumstances have  indeed  produced  some  differences  of  manners  and 
customs  between  the  Aleuts,  the  Koloschians,  and  the  interior  con- 
tinental tribes.  But  all  of  them  are  manifestly  of  Mongol  origin. 
Although  they  have  preserved  no  common  traditions,  all  alike  in- 
dulge in  tastes,  wear  a  physiognomy,  and  are  imbued  with  senti- 
ments peculiarly  noticed  in  Japan  and  China.  Savage  communities, 
no  less  than  civilized  nations,  require  space  for  subsistence,  whether 
they  depend  for  it  upon  the  land  or  upon  the  sea —  in  savage  com- 


566  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

munities  especially ;  and  increase  of  population  disproportioned  to 
the  supplies  of  the  country  occupied  necessitates  subdivision  and 
remote  colonization.  Oppression  and  cruelty  occur  even  more 
frequently  among  barbarians  than  among  civilized  men.  Nor  are 
ambition  and  faction  less  inherent  in  the  one  condition  than  in  the 
other.  From  these  causes  it  has  happened  that  the  25,000  Indians 
in  Alaska  are  found  permanently  divided  into  so  many  insignificant 
nations.  These  nations  are  jealous,  ambitious,  and  violent ;  could 
in  no  case  exist  long  in  the  same  region  without  mutually  affording 
what,  in  every  case,  to  each  party,  seems  just  cause  of  war.  War 
between  savages  becomes  the  private  cause  of  the  several  families 
which  are  afflicted  with  the  loss  of  their  members.  Such  a  war 
can  never  be  composed  until  each  family  which  has  suffered  receives 
an  indemnity  in  blankets,  adjusted  according  to  an  imaginary  tariff, 
or,  in  the  failure  of  such  compensation,  secures  the  death  of  one  or 
more  enemies  as  an  atonement  for  the  injury  it  has  sustained.  The 
enemy  captured,  whether  by  superior  force  or  strategy,  either  re- 
ceives no  quarter,  or  submits  for  himself  and  his  progeny  to  per- 
petual slavery.  It  has  thus  happened  that  the  Indian  tribes  of  Al- 
aska have  never  either  confederated  or  formed  permanent  alliances, 
and  that  even  at  this  late  day,  in  the  presence  of  superior  power  ex- 
ercised by  the  United  States  Government,  they  live  in  regard  to 
each  other  in  a  state  of  enforced  and  doubtful  truce.  It  is  manifest 
that,  under  these  circumstances,  they  must  steadily  decline  in  num- 
bers, and  unhappily  this  decline  is  accelerated  by  their  borrowing 
ruinous  vices  from  the  white  man.  Such  as  the  natives  of  Alaska 
are,  they  are,  nevertheless,  in  a  practical  sense,  the  only  laborers  at 
present  in  the  Territor}'.  The  white  man  comes  amongst  them  from 
London,  from  St.  Petersburg,  from  Boston,  from  New  York,  from 
San  Francisco,  and  from  Victoria,  not  to  fish  (if  we  except  alone  the 
whale  fishery)  or  to  hunt,  but  simply  to  buy  what  fish  and  what  pel- 
tries, ice,  wood,  lumber,  and  coal,  the  Indians  have  secured  under 
the  superintendence  of  temporary  agents  or  factors.  When  we  con- 
sider how  greatly  most  of  the  tribes  are  reduced  in  numbers,  and 
how  precarious  their  vocations  are,  we  shall  cease  to  regard  them  as 
indolent  or  incapable;  and,  on  the  contrary,  we  shall  more  deeply 
regret  than  ever  before,  that  a  people  so  gifted  by  nature,  so  vigor- 
ous and  energetic,  and  withal  so  docile  and  gentle  in  their  inter- 
course with  the  white  man,  can  neither  be  preserved  as  a  distinct 


ALASKA.  567 

social  community,  or  incorporated  into  our  society.  The  Indian 
tribes  will  do  here  as  they  seem  to  have  done  in  Washington  Terri- 
tory, and  British  Columbia  :  they  will  merely  serve  their  turn  until 
civilized  white  men  come. 

You,  the  citizens  of  Sitka,  are  the  pioneers,  the  advanced  guard, 
of  the  future  population  of  Alaska;  and  you  naturally  ask  when, 
from  whence,  and  how  soon,  reinforcements  shall  come,  and  what 
are  the  signs  and  guarantees  of  their  coming?  This  question,  with 
all  its  minute  and  searching  interrogations,  has  been  asked  by  the 
pioneers  of  every  state  and  territory  of  which  the  American  Union 
is  now  composed ;  and  the  history  of  those  states  and  territories 
furnishes  the  complete,  conclusive,  and  satisfactory  answer.  Emi- 
grants go  to  every  infant  state  and  territory  in  obedience  to  the 
great  natural  law  that  obliges  needy  men  to  seek  subsistence,  and 
invites  adventurous  men  to  seek  fortune  where  it  is  most  easily  ob- 
tained, and  this  is  always  in  the  new  and  uncultivated  regions. 
They  go  from  every  state  and  territory,  and  from  every  foreign  na- 
tion in  America,  Europe,  and  Asia;  because  no  established  and 
populous  state  or  nation  can  guarantee  subsistence  and  fortune  to 
all  who  demand  them  among  its  inhabitants. 

The  guarantees  and  signs  of  their  coming  to  Alaska  are  found  in 
the  resources  of  the  territory,  which  I  have  attempted  to  describe, 
and  in  the  condition  of  society  in  other  parts  of  the  world.  Some 
men  seek  other  climes  for  health  and  some  for  pleasure.  Alaska 
invites  the  former  class  by  a  climate  singularly  salubrious,  and  the 
latter  class  by  scenery  which  surpasses  in  sublimity  that  of  either 
the  Alps,  the  Apennines,  the  Alleghanies,  or  the  Rocky  Mountains. 
Emigrants  from  our  own  states,  from  Europe,  and  from  Asia,  will 
not  be  slow  in  finding  out  that  fortunes  are  to  be  gained  by  pursu- 
ing here  the  occupations  which  have  so  successfully  sustained  races 
of  untutored  men.  Civilization  and  refinement  are  making  more 
rapid  advances  in  our  day  than  at  any  former  period.  The  rising 
states  and  nations  on  this  continent,  the  European  nations,  and 
even  those  of  Eastern  Asia,  have  exhausted,  or  are  exhausting,  their 
own  forests  and  mines,  and  are  soon  to  become  largely  dependent 
upon  those  of  the  Pacific.  The  entire  region  of  Oregon,  Washing- 
ton Territory,  British  Columbia,  and  Alaska,  seem  thus  destined  to 
become  a  ship-yard  for  the  supply  of  all  nations.  I  do  not  forget 
on  this  occasion  that  British  Columbia  belongs  within  a  foreign 


568  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

jurisdiction.  That  circumstance  does  not  materially  affect  my  cal- 
culations. British  Columbia,  by  whomsoever  possessed,  must  be 
governed  in  conformity  with  the  interests  of  her  people  and  of 
society  upon  the  American  continent.  If  that  territory  shall  be  so 
governed,  there  will  be  no  ground  of  complaint  anywhere.  If  it 
shall  be  governed  so  as  to  conflict  with  the  interests  of  the  inhabi- 
tants of  that  territory  and  of  the  United  States,  we  all  can  easily 
foresee  what  will  happen  in  that  case.  You  will  ask  me,  however, 
for  guarantees  that  the  hopes  I  encourage  will  not  be  postponed.  I 
give  them. 

Within  the  period  of  my  own  recollection,  I  have  seen  twenty 
new  states  added  to  the  eighteen  which  before  that  time  constituted 
the  American  Union,  and  I  now  see,  besides  Alaska,  ten  territories 
in  a  forward  condition  of  preparation  for  entering  into  the  same 
great  political  family.  I  have  seen  in  my  own  time  not  only  the 
first  electric  telegraph,  but  even  the  first  railroad  and  the  first 
steamboat  invented  by  man.  And  even  on  this  present  voyage  of 
mine,  I  have  fallen  in  with  the  first  steamboat,  still  afloat,  that  thir- 
ty-five years  ago  lighted  her  fires  on  the  Pacific  ocean.  These,  citi- 
zens of  Sitka,  are  the  guarantees,  not  only  that  Alaska  has  a  future, 
but  that  that  future  has  already  begun.  I  know  that  you  want  two 
things  just  now,  when  European  monopoly  is  broken  down  and 
United  States  free  trade  is  being  introduced  within  the  territory  : 
These  are,  military  protection  while  your  number  is  so  inferior  to 
that  of  the  Indians  around  you,  and  you  need  also  a  territorial  civil 
government.  Congress  has  already  supplied  the  first  of  these  wants 
adequately  and  effectually.  I  doubt  not  that  it  will  supply  the 
other  want  during  the  coming  winter.  It  must  do  this,  because  our 
political  system  rejects  alike  anarchy  and  executive  absolutism. 
Nor  do  I  doubt  that  the  political  society  to  be  constituted  here,  first 
as  a  territory,  and  ultimately  as  a  state  or  many  states,  will  prove  a 
worthy  constituency  of  the  Republic.  To  doubt  that  it  will  be  in- 
telligent, virtuous,  prosperous,  and  enterprising,  is  to  doubt  the  ex- 
perience of  Scotland,  Denmark,  Sweden,  Holland  and  Belgium,  and 
of  New  England  and  New  York.  Nor  do  I  doubt  that  it  will  be 
forever  true  in  its  republican  instincts  and  loyal  to  the  American 
Union,  for  the  inhabitants  will  be  both  mountaineers  and  seafaring 
men.  I  am  not  among  those  who  apprehend  infidelity  to  liberty 
and  the  Union  in  any  quarter  hereafter,  but  I  am  sure  that  if  con- 


THE   NORTH   PACIFIC   COAST.  569 

stan cy  and  loyalty  are  to  fail  anywhere,  the  failure  will  not  be  in 
the  states  which  approach  nearest  to  the  North  Pole. 

Fellow-citizens,  accept  once  more  my  thanks,  from  the  heart  of  my 
heart,  for  kindnesses  which  can  never  be  forgotten,  and  suffer  me  to 
leave  you  with  a  sincere  and  earnest  farewell.1 


THE  NORTH  PACIFIC  COAST. 

Speech  at  a   banquet  given    to   Mr.    Seward  at  Victoria,   British  Columbia, 

August,  1869. 

The  asseverations  of  loyalty  which  I  hear  on  both  sides,  from 
British  subjects  and  resident  Americans,  admonish  us  that  we  are 
liable  to  be  misunderstood,  as  assuming  to  speak  for  our  respective 
nations  in  a  diplomatic  character.  Give  me  your  assent,  therefore, 
to  a  few  preliminaries.  First,  that  the  loyalty  of  British  subjects 
here  is  fully  acknowledged  and  respected  on  my  part.  Having  de- 
rived my  existence  through  a  long  line  of  British  ancestors,  includ- 
ing my  father  and  mother,  I  am  not  likely,  here  or  elsewhere,  to 
disparage  my  lineage  of  their  race.  On  the  other  hand,  I  freely 
confess  that  it  is  my  political  ambition  to  see  the  United  States  of 
America,  of  which  I  am  a  native  citizen,  transcend  even  the  British 
nation  in  civil  and  religious  liberty,  and  usefulness  to  the  human 
race.  Neither  governments  nor  peoples  are  particularly  pleased 
when  they  find  private  citizens  attempting  to  withdraw  their 
national  differences  from  the  control  of  constitutional  agents,  and 
adjust  them  with  indecorous  haste  at  provincial  dinner  tables.  We 
will,  therefore,  leave  the  Pnget  Sound  agricultural  question,  the  San 
Juan  boundary,  the  Canadian  Reciprocity,  and  the  Alabama  claims 
to  our  respective  and  respected  governments.  I  have  never  heard 
any  person,  on  either  side  of  the  United  States  border,  assert  that 
British  Columbia  is  not  a  part  of  the  American  continent,  or  that  its 
people  have  or  can  have  any  interest,  material,  moral,  or  social, 
different  from  the  common  interests  of  all  American  nations.  Dis- 
coverers, indeed,  must  limit  their  pretensions  by  rivers  or  mountains 
which  they  reach,  and  adjacent  states  must  fix  their  boundaries  as 
they   can  agree.     Nevertheless  all  contiguous  states  have  mutual 

i  See  ante,  pp.  5,  25,  30;  post,  p.  601. 


570  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

and  intimate  relations,  which  require  ■  harmony,  if  not  concert,  be- 
tween them.  Upon  these  their  citizens  can  consult  with  each  other 
without  giving  just  cause  of  offense.  I  have  heard  in  Victoria 
regrets  of  an  abatement  in  industrial  enterprise  in  the  province, 
resulting  from  a  disappointment  of  high-wrought  expectations  of 
gold  mining  on  the  Frazer  lliver.  These  regrets  have  seemed  to  in- 
dicate something  of  despondency.  It  is  not  a  special  object  of  my 
present  journey  to  study  British  Columbia.  The  real  object  is  to 
study  the  Pacific  coast  region  of  the  American  continent,  with  more 
particular  reference  to  the  United  States.  With  this  purpose  I  left 
the  sea  at  Cape  Flattery,  passed  through  the  Straits  of  Juan  de 
Fuca,  traversed  Puget  Sound  and  Washington  Territory,  and  thence 
made  my  way  by  the  interior  passages  through  the  waters  of  British 
Columbia  to  the  sixtieth  parallel  in  Alaska.  At  no  time  was  I  hardly 
beyond  hailing  distance  from  the  mainland,  and  yet  my  excursion  was 
a  continuous  voyage  of  one  thousand  two  hundred  miles,  through 
one  constant  and  beautiful  archipelago.  I  occasionally  looked  up 
the  continental  rivers  far  enough  to  see  that  mainland  and  islands 
uniformly  presented  the  same  features  —  features  which  indicate  the 
presence  of  the  precious  as  well  as  the  baser  metals  in  the  moun- 
tains, fishes  abounding  in  the  seas,  furs  abounding  in  the  lands  and 
waters,  and  evergreen  forests,  useful  for  all  the  purposes  of  land  and 
naval  architecture,  still  more  abounding.  This  whole  region  I  found 
to  be  unique  and  inseparable  in  regard  to  the  development  of  its 
rich  resources.  I  venture  to  call  it  by  one  common  name,  the 
North  Pacific  American  coast ;  and  I  venture  to  predict  that  in  its 
entire  length  and  breadth,  extending  from  the  banks  of  the  Colum- 
bia River,  in  Oregon,  to  Mount  St.  Elias,  in  Alaska,  it  will  become 
immediately  a  common  ship-yard  for  the  American  continent,  and 
speedily  for  the  whole  world.  Europe,  Asia,  South  America,  and 
even  the  Atlantic  American  states,  have  either  exhausted  or  a~e  ex- 
hausting their  native  supplies  of  timber  and  lumber.  Their  last 
and  only  resort  must  be  to  the  North  Pacific  region  I  have  described. 
I  noticed  with  pleasure  and  without  surprise  the  beginning  of  a 
whale  fishery  in  Puget  Sound,  and  I  discoursed  in  the  Spanish  lan- 
guage with  lumber  traders  from  Chili.  The  scenes  of  industry  I 
witnessed  along  the  Sound  astonished  me  when  I  reflected  that  the 
entire  population  of  Washington  Territory  is  only  eight  thousand 
souls.     The  European  emigrant  has  hardly  reached  that  coast,  and 


THE  NORTH   PACIFIC   COAST.  571 

the  Chinese  are  scarcely  known  there.     In  their  absence  the  Indi- 
ans seemed  to  be  assuming  the  habits  of  civilization,  in  obedience  to 
an  extraordinary  demand  for  labor.     Sagacious   persons  in  the  At- 
lantic States  and  in  Europe  were  before  me  in  apprehending  this 
interesting  condition  of  things,  and  I  think  in  foreseeing  the  destiny 
of  the  North  Pacific  shores.     They  had  already  projected  railroads 
calculated   to  concentrate  the  necessary   labor  upon   the  shores  of 
Puget  Sound,  where  the  steamboats  are  ready  to  distribute  it  through- 
out the  whole  archipelago.      This  distribution  is   inevitable.     The 
lumber  and  metals  of  Puget  Sound  are  indeed  vast  and  magnificent. 
They  might  for  a  time  supply  the  local  demand  of   the   Pacific 
American  shore,  but  they  are  altogether  inadequate  to  the  wider 
commercial  demand  which  is  already  beginning  to   press  upon  us. 
Alaska  has  stores  far  surpassing  in  extent  and   variety    those   of 
Puget  Sound,  Washington,  and  Oregon.     Nor  is  British  Columbia 
either  destitute  or  inferior  in  the  same  natural  resources.     British 
Columbia,  therefore,  wants  nothing  that  is  not  wanted  also  in  Ore- 
gon, Washington,  and  Alaska  —  population  and  capital.     Of  these 
two,  population  always  goes  first,  and  capital  speedily  follows.    Into 
this  broad  field  of  activity  and  enterprise  I  take  the  liberty  to  invite 
the  people  of  British  Columbia  to  enter,  as  copartners  if  they  will, 
as  rivals  if  they  must.     I  pray  you,  gentlemen,  to  consider  that  the 
long  ages  when  communities  pervaded  by  common  interests  could 
be  separated  in  their  commerce  have  come  to  an  end.     Steam  on 
land  and  sea  and  the  electric  telegraph  have  leveled  the  mountains 
and  bridged  the  ocean.     Japan,  China,  and  Australia,  are  already 
adjacent,  and   commercially   bound  to  the  American  Pacific  coast. 
Only  two  works  remain  to  connect  Europe  and  the  Atlantic  coast 
completely  and  indissolubly  with  the.  same  great  Pacific  coast,  the 
extinguishment  of  the  colonial  system  of  continental  Europe  in  the 
West  Indies,  and  the  construction  of  a  ship  canal,  adequate  to  mod- 
ern navigation,  across  the  Isthmus  of  Darien.     I  find  myself,  gentle- 
men, tempted  to  trangress  the  bounds  of   your  courteous   patience. 
My  entrance  into  Victoria  a  month  ago  was  a  bewilderment,  result- 
ing from  the  encountering  only  of  strangers.     My  parting  from  it  is 
not  unattended   with  regret,   because  I  seem  to  be  leaving   only 
assured  and  tried  friends.     Accept  my  thanks  for  your  generous 
hospitalities,  together  with  the  assurance  of  my  earnest  desire  for  the 
welfare  of  British  Columbia  and  for  your  individual  prosperity  and 
happiness. 


572  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

OUR  NORTH  PACIFIC  STATES. 

Salem,  Oregon,  August,  1869. 

The  older  states,  situated  eastward  of  the  Missouri  and  below  the 
base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  have  complete  industrial,  social,  and 
political  systems,  and  fixed  habits.  The  traveller  there  is  intrusive 
if,  under  any  persuasion,  he  attempts  to  speak  of  their  peculiar  re- 
sources, policies,  or  duties.  Deference  to  this  principle  determined 
me,  when  I  left  Auburn,  to  make  no  wayside  speeches  during  my 
present  journey.  The  magnet,  when  brought  into  the  presence  of 
iron,  finds  it  no  harder  to  maintain  its  own  polarity  than  I  have 
found  it  to  adhere  to  my  prudent  resolution  ever  since  I  passed  the 
banks  of  the  Mississippi.  I  am  travelling  in  regions  grand  and  vast, 
but  comparatively  new,  and  among  communities  incompletely  or- 
ganized, needful  of  immigration  and  capital,  and  therefore  ambitious 
that  their  resources,  advantages,  and  attractions  may  be  made 
known.  Art  has  seldom  produced  a  more  striking  picture  than  the 
abandoned  infant  Hercules  defending  himself  against  serpents  in  his 
cradle.  How  poor  that  admired  conception  appears  when  contrasted 
with  the  precarious  but  energetic  and  successful  vigor  and  energy  of 
emigrants  from  the  Atlantic  shores  settling  and  establishing  new 
states —  members  of  the  American  Republic — in  the  native  forests, 
wildernesses,  and  deserts  which  extend  across  the  American  conti- 
nent !  Relying  upon  their  own  energies,  as  all  the  states  of  this 
Union  at  every  stage  of  their  existence  must  rely,  they  disdain  the 
sympathy  of  all  foreign  nations.  Do  they  require  too  much  in  ask- 
ing that  their  capacities  and  loyalty  to  the  Union  shall  be  known 
and  appreciated  ?  I  early  accepted  and  continually  held  fast  to 
these  several  political  convictions :  1st.  That  if  a  nation  desires  to 
be  independent  and  prosperous,  and  enjoy  peace  at  home  and 
abroad,  it  must  expand  itself  cornmensnrately  with  its  resources  and 
advantages.  2d.  That  human  bondage  is  incompatible  with  a  suc- 
cessful republic.  3d.  That  the  permanent  continuance  of  European 
or  monarchical  government  in  the  American  hemisphere  would  be 
injurious  and  dangerous  to  the  United  States.  4th.  That  in  the 
expansion  of  the  Republic,  the  establishment  and  acceptance  of  new 
Btates,  on  the  same  footing  as  the  original  states,  is  essential  for  the 


OUR  NORTH  PACIFIC   STATES.  573 

security  of  civil  and  religious  liberty.     I  seem,  indeed,  to  myself,  to 
have  lived  chiefly  for  the  purpose  of  laboring  to  defend  an  inchoate 
republic  against  external  and   internal  dangers,  and   to  expand  it 
upon  the  principles  I  have  mentioned.     Let  the  world  judge,  then, 
of  the  satisfaction  I  enjoy  in  witnessing  the  success  of  this  policy, 
and  of  the  gratitude  I  feel  in  being  so  kindly  received  here,  at  the 
capital  of  the  new  State  of  Oregon,  as  I  have  been  received  before 
at  the  capitals  of  the  other  new  states  and  territories  which  I  have 
visited.     You  will  excuse  me,  if  the  habit  of  nationality  of  thought 
and  reasoning  which  I  have  contracted  has  rendered  me  incapable 
of  considering  Oregon  as  an  isolated  state,  or  of  separating  my  ideas 
of  her  condition  and  products  from  the  general  ideas  which  I  have 
formed  of  all  the  states  and  territories,  mutually  connected   with 
each  other,  and  subordinate  in  their  proper  relations  as  parts  of  the 
whole  United  States.     In  California  there  is  no  longer  need  for  ex- 
ternal encouragement.     The  highest  expectations  of  its  settlers  have 
not  unjustly   ripened   into   absolute   assurance.     San   Francisco  is 
firmly  established  as  the  Constantinople  of  American  empire,  and 
California  exercises  fully  arid  wisely  an  important  political  influence 
in  the  United  States  and  throughout  the  world.     The  other  new 
states  and  territories  have  not  yet  secured  an  equal  position.     The 
dwellers   in    these  states   are  continually  asking  of  every  visitor, 
"What  do  you  think  we  shall  be,  and  when?"     I   must  answer 
with  the  same  confidence  which,  among  men  of  little  faith,  has  some- 
times procured  for  me  the  character  of  an  optimist.     Kansas,  in  her 
infancy  the  Cinderella,  has  already  become  a  leading  and  effective 
member  of  the  political  family  by  which  she  was  despised.     Ne- 
braska, standing  upon  the  west  side  of  the  Missouri,  has  seized  the 
railroads  of  the  Atlantic  States,  and  welded  and  riveted  them  with 
the  system  of  railroads  which  has  successfully  begun  to  traverse  and 
ramify  the  states  and  territories  of  the  Pacific  shore.     Wyoming, 
Colorado,  and  New  Mexico,  surmounting  Indian  troubles  and  reck- 
less speculations,  have  reached  a  point  of  civil  and  social  establish- 
ment from  which  it  need  not  be  feared  they  will  recede.     I  have  not 
yet  been  able  to  visit  Arizona,  but  I  have  learned  enough  of  Mon- 
tana, Idaho,  and  Utah,  to  know  that  they  are  reasonably  assured  of 
a  successful  -and  prosperous  career.     Nevada,  although  politically 
separated  from  California,  is  a  full  sharer  in  her  rising  prosperity 
and  greatness.     Considerations  of  convenience,  not  choice,  carried 


574  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

me  northward  before  I  was  able  to  visit  Oregon.  The  territories  of 
Washington  and  Alaska,  extending  (with  the  exception  of  British 
Columbia)  from  the  forty-ninth  parallel  of  latitude  along  the  islands 
and  cOasts  of  America  to  the  Arctic  ocean,  are,  as  might  be  ex- 
pected, feebler  than  the  more  southern  States  and  territories.  Nev- 
ertheless, I  realized,  if  indeed  I  did  not  discover,  in  those  territories 
a  new,  peculiar,  and  magnificent  field  of  commerce  and  empire.  I 
found  one  continuous  and  expanding  archipelago  along  the  coast, 
from  the  base  of  Puget  Sound,  in  Washington,  to  Mount  St.  Elias, 
in  Alaska.  I  found  land  and  sea  teeming  with  provisions  for  the 
subsistence  of  a  population  adequate  to  bring  the  marine,  mineral, 
animal,  and  vegetable  resources  of  that  remote  and  secluded  region 
into  a  productive  state.  The  neglected  portion  of  the  country  fur- 
nishes even  now,  to  refined  nations  in  northern  climates,  the  furs 
which,  from  considerations  of  need  and  of  luxury,  they  continually 
demand.  No  metal  used  in  arts  or  commerce  is  absent  there.  The 
forests  are  luxuriant,  universal,  and  inexhaustible.  When  I  saw 
British,  Chinese,  and  Chilian,  as  well  as  American  vessels,  bearing 
away  the  timber  and  lumber,  with  difficulty  wrested  from  the  wast- 
ing fires  of  the  summer  by  the  feeblest  of  all  American  populations, 
and  conveying  them  away  to  be  used  in  civil  and  naval  architecture 
on  both  sides  of  the  Pacific  Ocean,  I  needed  no  other  suggestion  of 
the  fact  that  I  had  reached  that  very  place  where,  within  the  period 
of  an  early  future,  the  navies,  mercantile  and  armed,  of  America, 
and  even  of  the  world,  are  to  be  built.  Knowing  the  importance  of 
ship-building  and  navigation  in  every  stage  of  civilization,  my  mind 
was  expanded  with  wonder  and  admiration  of  the  ultimate  pros- 
perity and  greatness  of  the  North  Pacific  coast. 

Although  British  Columbia  remains,  as  Oregon  not  long  ago  was, 
and  as  the  region  west  of  the  Mississippi  so  recently  was,  and  as  the 
whole  of  the  United  States  once  were,  subject  to  a  European  power, 
I,  nevertheless,  found  existing  there  commercial  and  political  forces 
which  render  a  permanent  political  separation  of  British  Columbia 
from  Alaska  and  Washington  Territory  impossible. 

Of  W;ishington  Territory,  so  lately  a  part  of  Oregon,  it  is  hardly 
necessary  to  say  here,  that  the  British  traveller  was  not  mistaken, 
who,  in  1836,  not  foreseeing  its  severance  from  the  British  crown, 
pronounced  Puget  Sound  a  base  of  future  empire. 

In  the  State  of  Oregon  I  have  only  explored  the  Columbia  River 


OUR   NORTH   PACIFIC   STATES.  575 

to  the  Dalles,  and  the  Willamette  valley,  in  the  vicinity  of  Portland, 
Milwaukee,  Oswego,  Oregon  City,  Monmouth,  Albany,  Santiam, 
and  this  capital.  No  one  will  accuse  me  of  infidelity  to  New  York 
and  the  other  Atlantic  States,  whether  North  or  South.  Neverthe- 
less, I  shall  not  hesitate,  hereafter,  to  advise  the  student  in  natural 
science,  who  desires  to  learn  how  islands,  mountains,  and  countries 
are  heaved  up  from  the  deep  ;  how  rivers  are  traced  out,  defined, 
and  run  ;  how  minerals  are  secreted  in  the  earth  ;  and  how  valleys 
are  formed,  spread  out,  and  fertilized,  to  ascend  the  Columbia  River 
from  the  sea,  through  its  cascades  and  cataracts,  to  its  sources  in 
the  interior  of  the  continent.  Nor  shall  I  fail  to  advise  the  tourist, 
who  delights  in  the  grand  and  the  beautiful,  to  leave  behind  him 
the  Rhine  and  the  Hudson,  after  seeing  the  one  marvel  of  Niagara, 
and  to  come  here  and  admire  the  snow-clad  mountains  which  domi- 
nate over  the  Pacific  coast.  Wonderful  horizontal  and  massive 
foundations  lie  all  along  the  river  banks,  in  the  shape  of  wharves, 
docks,  ports,  and  gateways.  On  these  everlasting  foundations  are 
raised,  not  merely  one  column  of  basaltic  palisade,  but  terraces  of 
basaltic  palisades,  which,  rising  one  above  another,  and  assuming 
the  magnificent  outlines  of  towers,  pinnacles,  castles,  coliseums,  and 
cathedrals,  seem  to  pierce  the  very  clouds. 

The  early  emigrants  saw,  as  they  descended  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, boundless  and  luxuriant  prairies,  watered  by  the  Willamette, 
and  a  spacious  forest  region  traversed  by  the  Columbia  —  plains, 
forests,  and  rivers  unequalled  on  the  Pacific  coast.  That  coast, 
northward  and  southward,  was  occupied  by  inert  races,  from  whom 
the  settlers  of  Oregon  apprehended  no  rivalry.  They,  therefore, 
expected  that  some  sea-port  in  their  own  territory  would  become 
the  principal  seat  of  the  western  commerce.  This  expectation  is 
disappointed.  The  opening  of  sea-ports,  with  inland  connections, 
at  the  base  of  the  northwestern  archipelago  on  Puget  Sound,  indi- 
cates the  commercial  development  there  to  which  I  have  already 
alluded.  San  Francisco,  with  its  magnificent  bay  and  fortified 
Golden  Gate,  has  taken  the  position  which  before  was  erroneously 
assigned  to  Astoria,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Columbia  River.  So  it 
has  happened  that  Oregon  proper  has  failed  to  obtain  the  capital 
prize  in  the  commercial  lottery  of  the  Pacific  coast.  It  ought  to  be 
enough,  however,  to  reconcile  the  people  of  Oregon  to  that  disap- 
pointment, to  know  that  the  central  position  of  the  state,  between 


576  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

and  contiguous  to  the  two  great  commercial  outposts  of  the  Pacific, 
affords  her  the  advantage  of  being  at  once  the  granary  and  manu- 
factory for  both.  It  is  in  Oregon,  so  far  as  I  am  able  to  determine, 
and  nowhere  else,  that  two  climates —  the  Atlantic,  with  its  heated 
summers  and  inclement  winters,  and  the  Pacific,  with  its  colder 
summers  and  milder  winters  —  embrace  and  produce  a  higher  and 
more  varied  fertility  than  is  elsewhere  realized.  The  Atlantic 
States,  with  their  grassy  valleys,  are  already  becoming  dependent 
upon  the  slopes  of  the  Rocky  Mountains  for  the  supply  of  animal 
provisions.  The  fruits  of  Oregon  are  unsurpassed  in  quality  and 
unequalled  in  abundance.  Wheat  and  other  cereals  grow  and  ripen 
here,  almost  without  care,  as  abundantly  as  they  do  with  the  use  of 
irrigation  in  Utah,  while  the  native  soil,  everywhere  covered  with 
fern  and  annual  flowers,  provokes  the  farmer  to  the  cultivation  of 
the  potato  and  other  esculent  roots.  What  acquaintance  I  have 
made  with  the  adventurous  miners,  descending  the  Columbia  River, 
satisfies  me,  that  if  it  were  possible  for  the  laborer  to  fail  in  other 
occupations,  he  would,  even  in  that  case,  find  an  abundant  reward 
in  the  gold  deposits  of  the  mountains.  The  useful  metals  and 
minerals  abound  everywhere,  while  a  vast  hydraulic  power,  invalu- 
able under  ail  circumstances  and  indispensable  in  new  communities, 
is  distributed  throughout  all  parts  of  the  state.  I  know,  indeed, 
that  the  present  dwellers  in  California  and  Washington  think  that 
they  possess  forest,  agricultural,  and  manufacturing  advantages  and 
resources  commensurate  with  the  future  which  they  anticipate.  My 
own  observation  of  the  ever-increasing  exigencies  of  New  York, 
Philadelphia,  Baltimore,  and  Boston  —  Paris,  Liverpool,  and  Lon- 
don —  is  conclusive  with  me  upon  the  subject.  The  territorial 
lines  which  divide  one  political  jurisdiction  into  distinct  states  not 
unnaturally  tend  to  circumscribe  and  confuse  our  ideas  of  the  future 
of  each  of  the  several  states.  No  one  would  be  satisfied  with  the 
prospect  of  Oregon  if  it  were  included  within  the  political  jurisdic- 
tion of  California,  and  if  it  had  continued  to  retain  the  shores  of 
Puget  Sound.  It  is  hardly  necessary  to  say,  on  the  other  hand,  that 
the  political  subdivision  of  the  region  tends  not  to  diminish,  but  to 
magnify,  the  prosperity  of  every  part. 

Such  is  the  future  which  I  argue  for  the  State  of  Oregon.  This 
destiny,  of  course,  exacts,  just  as  the  future  of  every  part  of  the 
United  States  always  does,  an  increase  of  the  population  and  capital 


OUR   NORTH   PACIFIC   STATES.  577 

I  regard  this  condition  as  already  secured.  Population  will  seek 
and  find  every  place,  even  those  most  remote  and  least  known, 
where  industry,  already  organized  and  established,  assures  to  the 
laborer  a  certain  reward.  One  need  only  to  look  into  Portland, 
Dalles  City,  Oregon  City,  and  other  towns,  to  see  that  capital  is 
profitably  employed.  One  need  only  to  look  over  the  fields  and 
orchards  in  the  agricultural  districts,  and  upon  the  vessels  engaged 
in  inland  transportation  on  the  Willamette,  to  enable  him  to  fore- 
see a  speedy  subdivision  of  immense  farms  among  multiplied  emi- 
grants. Nevertheless,  population  is  not  to  be  grown  here  or  else- 
where in  one  country  in  sufficient  numbers  and  with  sufficient 
haste.  It  must  everywhere  be  induced  from  abroad.  It  will  not 
go  anywhere  until  its  going  can  be  made  cheap  and  easy  by  im- 
proved transportation.  The  Columbia  River  and  the  Willamette, 
although  noble  streams,  cannot,  unaided,  perform  the  work.  They 
do  not  penetrate  the  sources  of  emigration,  nor  adequately  distrib- 
ute it  through  the  state.  They  must  be  reinforced  with  railroads 
—  first,  railroad  to  San  Francisco  and  Puget  Sound,  where  the 
immediate  consumers  of  your  agricultural  products  will  dwell ;  next, 
railroads  through  the  mining  regions,  intersecting  the  existing 
Pacific  Railroad  and  such  others  as  shall  be  built.  The  receivers 
of  your  productions  along  and  at  the  ends  of  such  railroads  will 
forward,  in  return,  the  emigrants  and  laborers  whom  you  will  re- 
quire in  increasing  the  productions.  Nor  would  you  hasten  the 
future  of  your  slate,  which  I  regard  as  the  common  interest  of  the 
whole  Republic,  by  suffering  yourselves  to  be  involved  as  partisans 
in  the  local  and  personal  passions,  ambitions,  and  jealousies  of  other 
communities.  No  state  or  nation  has  ever  flourished  that  was  un- 
social, inhospitable,  or  intolerant.  Your  statesmen  in  the  national 
councils,  if  they  are  wise,  will  foster  and  cultivate  harmony  and 
peace  equally  throughout  the  whole  Republic,  and  harmony  and 
peace  equally  with  all  foreign  nations,  insisting  at  the  same  time, 
as  is  their  right,  upon  a  policy  at  home  and  abroad  which  shall  be 
adapted  to  the  interest  of  the  Pacific.  Such  a  policy  will  require 
that  the  United  States  shall  own  and  possess  self-producing  islands 
on  your  coast,  and  sugar  and  coffee-producing  islands  in  both  oceans, 
and  will  regard  the  extension  of  American  invention  and  enterprise 
into  Japan,  China,  Australia,  and  India,  as  worthy  of  consideration 
equally  with  international  commerce  between  the  United  States  and 
37 


578  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

the  countries  of  Western  Europe.  I  found  in  your  morning  papeT 
yesterday  the  following  dispatch  :  "  The  ship  Norway  arrived  on 
the  4th  of  September,  one  hundred  and  fifty-seven  days  from  Car- 
diff. This  ship  brings  iron  for  ten  miles  of  the  East  Side  road,  be- 
ing the  first  instalment  of  two  thousand  tons,  purchased  bv  Ben 
Holladay  &  Co.  The  rest  is -on  another  vessel,  which  is  due  in 
thirty  days,  if  she  makes  an  average  voyage."  This  mere  transaction 
suggests  what  Oregon  and  the  whole  Pacific  coast  need :  1st,  such 
manufacture  of  your  own  metals  as  will  relieve  you  from  the  neces- 
sity of  importing  iron  from  any  foreign  country  ;  and,  2d,  the  con- 
struction of  a  ship  canal  across  the  Isthmus  of  Darien,  which  will 
reduce  the  navigation  between  the  Pacific  shores  and  those  of  the 
Atlantic,  of  both  continents,  a  hundred  and  twenty  days. 

I  know  too  well  that  political,  religious,  and  social  objections  are 
made  against  the  policy  of  freedom  and  immigration  which  I  advo- 
cate. But  such  objections  are  as  old  as  the  Republic.  They  have 
assisted,  and  at  times  threatened  to  strangle  or  arrest,  this  great 
policy,  which  was  wisely  engrafted  upon  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States.  What  would  have  been  our  condition  now,  and  our 
prospects,  if  the  country  had  listened  to  objections  of  the  same  na- 
ture against  the  abolition  of  African  slavery  —  a  measure  to  which 
we  are  indebted  for  entire  and  complete  national  independence? 
What  if  we  had  yielded  to  the  fiery  resistance  made  to  that  Irish 
immigration  which  has  constructed  so  many  of  our  canals  and  rail- 
roads, and  built  so  many  of  our  cities  ?  What  if  we  had  been  pie- 
vailed  upon  to  repel  and  reject  that  great  German  immigraiion 
which  has  given  a  new  impulse  to  our  arts,  our  literature,  and  our 
science  ?  We  have  no  excuse  for  admitting  such  objections  or  prej- 
udices now.  The  experiment  of  self-government  which  we  are 
making  has  developed  its  own  necessary  conditions  and  laws.  We 
could  not  escape  from  them  even  if  we  would.  The  experiment  we 
are  making,  fellow-citizens,  is  not  a  local  or  isolated  experiment, 
whether  the  people  of  one  nation  are  capable  of  self-government. 
It  is  the  experiment  whether  men  of  all  nations  are  capable  of  self- 
government.  Let  us  persevere  in  it,  relying  that  mankind  in  every 
country  only  need  freedom  and  knowledge  to  enable  them  to  govern 
themselves  more  wisely  and  more  happily  than  they  have  hitherto 
been  governed. 

Citizens  of  Oregon,  it  is  long  since  we  have  known,  though  it  is 


SPEECHES   IN   MEXICO.  579 

only  just  now  that  we  Lave  met,  each  other.  I  have  been  made 
profoundly  sensible  of  this  fact  by  your  invitation,  which  found  me 
at  sea;  by  the  welcome  given  me  on  arrival  in  port ;  by  the  recep- 
tion and  munificent  hospitalities  bestowed  upon  me  in  your  great 
commercial  city  of  Portland  ;  by  the  hospitalities,  state  and  munic- 
ipal, of  this«interesting  capital ;  and  by  wayside  entertainments  in 
the  village,  at  the  ferry,  at  the  cross-roads,  and  in  the  farm-house. 
If  my  presumption  were  equal  to  my  gratitude,  I  should  not  fail  to 
invoke,  forever,  blessings  fit  for  all  sorts  and  conditions  of  men,  upon 
Oregon. 


SPEECHES  IN  MEXICO. 

Colima,  October  12,  1869. 

I  THANK  you  with  a  full  heart  for  these  most  undeserved  honors 
and  hospitalities. 

The  experience  of  the  eighteenth  century  indicated  to  mankind 
two  important  changes  of  society  and  government  on  the  continent 
of  America.  First,  that  all  American  states  must  hereafter  be  not 
dependent  European  colonies,  but  independent  American  nations. 
Second,  that  all  independent  American  nations  must  thereafter 
have,  not  imperial  or  monarchical  governments,  but  republican  gov- 
ernments, constituted  and  carried  on  by  the  voluntary  agency  of  the 
people  themselves.  During  a  large  part  of  my  own  political  life, 
these  great  changes  of  society  and  government  have  been,  more  or 
less,  in  logical  debate  contested  in  Europe,  and  on  the  battle-field 
throughout  America.  While  they  have  often  involved  the  Ameri- 
can states  in  civil  and  international  wars,  they  have  more  than  once 
provoked  European  intervention.  A  third  improvement  was  easily 
found  necessary  to  guarantee  full  success  to  the  two  principal 
changes  which  I  have  already  mentioned.  This  third  improvement 
consists  in  the  continuation  of  the  many,  or  several  contiguous 
nations  or  states,  which  are  weak  of  themselves,  into  United  States 
—  distinct  nations.  My  own  country,  the  United  States,  has  taken 
the  lead  in  these  changes,  so  essential  in  the  American  hemisphere. 
The  Mexican  Republic  has  early,  and  bravely  and  persistently, 
adopted  a  similar  system.     Central  America,  and  nearly  all  the 


580  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

South  American  states,  have  followed  the  example  thus  set  by  the 
United  States  and  the  Mexican  Republic.  One  additional  principle 
remains  to  be  adopted,  to  secure  the  success  of  the  republican  sys- 
tem throughout  the  continent.  If  it  shall  become  universal  on  the 
American  continent,  we  have  reason  to  expect  that  the  same  great 
system  may  be  accepted  by  other  nations  throughout  the  world. 
That  additional  principle  is  simply  this:  That  the  several  Ameri- 
can republics,  just  as  they  constitute  themselves,  while  mutually 
abstaining  from  intervention  with  each  other,  shall  become,  more 
than  ever  heretofore,  political  friends  through  the  force  of  moral  al- 
liance. This,  in  short,  is  the  policy  which  I  have  inculcated  at 
home,  and  which,  with  your  leave,  and  the  leave  of  others  inter- 
ested, I  shall  commend,  as  far  as  possible,  to  the  republics  of  Mex- 
ico, Central  America,  and  South  America.  I  sincerely  trust  that 
the  severest  trials  of  the  republican  system  are  already  passed  in 
Mexico,  and  I  shall  never  cease  to  pray  God  for  her  continued  inde- 
pendence, unity,  prosperity,  and  happiness. 

Guadalajara,  October  23,  1869. 
Mr.  Seward  there  spoke  as  follows:  — 

Senors  y  Senoras  :  We  all  are  well  aware,  that  the  occupation 
and  settlement  of  the  Southern  part  of  the  America'n  continent  antic- 
ipated, by  a  period  of  more  than  a  century,  the  occupation  and 
settlement  of  the  Northern  portion  of  the  continent  —  that  the 
former  fell  to  the  lot  chiefly  of  the  Latin  nations  of  Europe,  and 
was  conducted  upon  the  principle  of  an  implicit  faith  and  confidence 
in  the  ecclesiastical  and  civil  ideas  and  institutions  which  prevailed 
throughout  Europe  in  the  fifteenth  century  —  that  the  occupation 
and  settlement  of  the  Northern  portion  of  the  continent  fell  to  the 
lot  of  the  German  and  Sclavonic  races,  who  were  deeply  moved  by 
ideas  of  political  and  ecclesiastical  reforms.  The  result  has  been, 
that  at  the  beginning  of  the  nineteenth  century,  two  different,  and 
in  many  respects,  antagonistical  systems  came  face  to  face  with  each 
other;  the  one  extending  along  the  Atlantic  coast,  from  the  banks 
of  the  Mississippi  to  the  inclement  regions  of  the  North,  the  other 
extending,  unbroken  and  undivided,  from  the  Mississippi  over  the 
Southern  and  Western  portions  of  the  continent.  The  ideas  of  the 
North  have  continually  gained  strength  everywhere,  and  have  cul- 
minated there  in  republican  institutions,  which  are  based  upon  the 


SPEECHES   IN   MEXICO.  581 

sovereignty  of  the  people,  and  which  guarantee,  in  their  highest 
perfection,  civil  and  religious  liberty.  The  Southern  nations  of  the 
continent  have  accepted  the  same  broad  and  noble  ideas,  but  the 
perfect  establishment  of  them  in  a  system  of  republican  government 
has  encountered  the  resistance  of  a  long-cherished  and  powerful  con- 
servatism, animated  and  sustained  by  European  influence  and  inter- 
vention. The  Southern  nations,  by  the  fidelity  with  which  they 
have  adhered  to  the  republican  system  through  so  many  and  such 
serious  obstacles,  have  given  abundant  evidence  that  they  will  ulti- 
mately and  entirely  acquiesce  and  cooperate  with  the  republican 
nations  of  the  North,  so  far  as  their  institutions  and  laws  are  founded 
in  natural  justice  and  equality.  What  remains,  and  all  that  re- 
mains now  necessary,  is  the  establishment  of  entire  tolerance  be- 
tween the  North  American  states  and  the  Spanish-American  repub- 
lics, and  the  creation  of  a  policy  of  mutual  moral  alliance,  to  the  end 
that  all  external  aggression  may  be  prevented,  and  that  internal 
peace,  law  and  order,  and  progress  may  be  secured  throughout  the 
whole  continent.  The  people  of  Mexico  have  not  misunderstood 
me  in  my  past  political  career;  and  since  my  visit  to  Mexico,  I  feel 
encouraged  more  than  ever  in  the  hope  that  the  intimate  relations 
which  have  been  already  secured  will  become  permanent  and  per- 
petual. It  is  a  satisfaction  to  have  learned,  on  my  way  to  the 
capital,  that  the  policy  and  sentiments  which  I  expect  to  find  pre- 
vailing there  have  been  fully  sanctioned  already  by  the  people  of 
the  great,  important,  and  leading  State  of  Jalisco. 

Mexico,  November  30,  1869. 

The  year  1861,  without  calculation  or  effort,  and  almost  without 
expectation  on  my  own  part,  brought  me  to  a  position  in  which  I 
had  to  confront  a  desperate,  organized,  and  even  armed  resistance 
to  all  the  great  political  ideas  which  I  had  fondly  cherished  and 
peacefully  promulgated  through  a  period  of  many  years.  Slavery 
had  taken  up  arms  in  alarm  for  its  life,  and  had  organized  rebellion 
aiming  at  the  dissolution  of  the  American  Union.  Spain,  deriding 
what  under  the  circumstances  seemed  the  imbecile  theory  of  the 
Monroe  doctrine,  through  the  treachery  of  President  Santa  Anna 
gained  possession  of  the  city  of  San  Domingo,  and  reestablished  a 
vice-royalty  in  that  island,  and  soon  after  seized  the  Chincha  Islands 
from  Peru ;  Great  Britain,  not  yet  cordially  reconciled  to  the  inde- 


582  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

pendence  of  her  former  colonies,  the  United  States,  struck  hands 
with  France,  which  had  been  their  ancient  ally,  but  was  now  labor- 
ing under  a  hallucination  of  imperial  ambition,  and  with  the  con- 
currence, voluntary  in  some  cases,  and  forced  in  others,  of  the  other 
maritime  powers  of  western  Europe,  lifted  the  rebels  of  the  United 
States  to  the  rank  and  advantage  of  lawful  belligerents.  The 
statesmen  of  Europe,  with  its  press  almost  unanimous,  announced 
that  the  United  States  of  America  had  ceased  to  exist  as  one  whole, 
sovereign,  and  organized  nation.  The  Emperor  of  France,  embold- 
ened by  the  seeming  prostration  of  the  United  States,  landed  invad- 
ing armies  at  Vera  Cruz  and  Acapulco,  and  overran  the  territories 
of  Mexico,  overthrowing  all  its  republican  institutions  and  establish- 
ing upon  their  ruins  an  European  empire.  With  the  United  States 
in  anarchy,  St.  Domingo  re-established  as  a  monarchy,  and  Mexico 
as  an  empire,  it  was  unavoidable  that  republicanism  must  perish 
throughout  the  whole  continent,  and  that  thereafter  there  would 
remain  for  those  who  had  been  its  heroes,  its  friends,  its  advocates, 
and  its  martyrs,  only  the  same  sentiments  of  reverence  and  pity 
with  which  mankind  are  accustomed  to  contemplate  the  memories  of 
Themistocles  and  Demosthenes,  of  Cato  and  of  Cicero. 

In  that  hour  of  supreme  trial  I  thought  I  knew  better  than  the 
enemies  of  our  sacred  cause,  the  resources,  the  energies  and  the 
virtues  of  the  imperilled  nation.  In  the  name  of  the  United  States, 
I  called  upon  the  republican  rulers  and  statesmen  of  the  Continent 
for  moral  aid,  and  conjured  them  by  all  the  force  of  common  sym- 
pathy, common  danger,  and  common  ambition  to  be  faithful  and 
persevering  in  their  own  republics.  The  universal  answer  was 
equal  to  the  expectation.  The  United  States  became  for  the  first 
time  in  sincerity  and  earnestness  the  friend  and  ally  of  every  other 
republican  state  in  America,  and  all  the  republican  states  became 
from  that  hoar  the  friends  and  allies  of  the  United  States.  This 
alliance  commanded  respect  and  confidence  in  unexpected  quarters. 
Switzerland,  Italy,  Russia,  North  Germany,  Turkey,  Egypt,  Mo- 
rocco, Siam,  and  China  became  the  friends  and  moral  allies  of  the 
American  republics,  and  their  triumph  at  last  was  complete.  The 
United  States  were  restored,  and  slavery  abolished  there.  St. 
Domingo  was  evacuated,  Peru  was  left  independent,  and  Mexico  re- 
sumed her  noble  republican  autonomy.  For  the  heroes  who  led 
republican  forces  in  this  great  contest,  Scott,  Grant,  Sherman,  Mc- 


SPEECHES   IN   MEXICO.  583 

Clellan,  Farragut,  and  so  many  others  in  the  United  States  ;  Zara- 
goza,  DiazArteaga,  Salazar,  Escobedo,  and  Corona  in  Mexico  —  for 
the  statesmen  who  directed  the  councils  of  the  nations  who  took 
part  in  it,  Lincoln,  Johnson,  Stevens,  Stanton,  in  the  United  States 
—  Juarez,  Lerdo,  Iglesias  and  Romero  in  Mexico  —  Gortchakoff, 
Bright,  Bismarck  and  Napoleon  (Jerome)  in  Europe,  I  came  to 
feel  and  acknowledge  sentiments  of  gratitude,  of  respect  and  of 
affection,  not  inferior  in  force  to  those  of  fraternal  confidence  and 
affection. 

This  is  the  manner,  Mr.  Lerdo,  by  which  you  have  won  me  to 
your  side  and  secured  my  ardent  wishes  for  your  future  prosperity 
and  success  as  a  man,  a  minister  and  a  statesman.  If  I  have  not  so 
expressed  myself  heretofore,  since  my  arrival  in  Mexico,  it  was  only 
because  I  was  waiting  for  this  most  seasonable  occasion. 


President  of  the  Republic  of  Mexico,  and  Gentlemen  : 
In  an  assembly  where  I  am  surrounded  by  four  hundred  American 
patriots  and  statesmen,  the  time  which  can  be  allowed  to  me  to  en- 
gage attention  is  very  short,  and  the  words  which  I  may  speak, 
however  earnest,  ought  to  be  few  and  simple.  The  sentiments  of  a 
grateful  nature,  no  less  than  profound  respect  and  loyal  sympathies 
for  this  august  assemblage,  oblige  me  to  express  humble  thanks  from 
the  depth  of  my  heart  for  this  hospitality  and  friendly  welcome. 
Pardon  me,  gentlemen,  for  saying  that  these  grateful  emotions  have 
brought  up  with  them  a  somewhat  painful  apprehension  that  those 
who  have  bestowed  this  generous  welcome  upon  me,  may,  to  patriots 
of  a  less  confiding  disposition,  seem  to  have  incurred  the  fault  of 
forgetting  the  interests  of  their  own  country,  in  extending  their  hos- 
pitality to  a  stranger.  I  have  been  accustomed  to  study  and  con- 
template the  commerce  of  the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  coasts  of  the 
United  States,  the  teeming  wealth  of  the  Mississippi  Valley  and  the 
golden  treasures  of  the  Rocky  Mountains  and  the  Sierra  Nevada, 
and,  I  believe,  without  having  awakened  a  suspicion  of  personal 
cupidity.  I  do  not  think  it  necessaiy,  therefore,  to  disclaim  that  un- 
worthy motive  for  my  visit  here,  when,  for  the  first  time,  standing 
among  the  mines  of  Guanajuato,  Potosi,  and  Real  del  Monte,  and 
contemplating  with  wonder  and  admiration  the  grains,  and  fruits, 


584  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

and  flowers  of  temperate  though  tropical  Mexico.  As  little,  per- 
haps, need  I  disclaim  common  individual  ambition  as  a  motive  of 
my  visit  to  Mexico.  Certainly  I  ought  to  know  now,  if  I  have 
never  known  before,  that  the  people  of  Mexico  wisely  reserve  po- 
litical places  and  honors  not  for  foreign  adventurers,  but  for  their 
own  loyal  and  patriotic  citizens. 

But  what  shall  be  said  of  the  ambition  of  the  United  States,  and 
of  my  supposed  share  in  that  ambition  ?  Certainly,  only  this  need 
be  said,  that  while  that  ambition  is  always  less  than  T  would  inspire 
my  Government  with,  I  am  neither  its  agent  nor  in  any  sense  its 
representative.  But  what  shall  be  said  of  the  ambition  of  the 
United  States  as  a  nation,  and  of  my  own  complicity  therewith  ? 
On  this  point  I  answer  with  a  full  and  frank  confession.  The  peo- 
ple of  the  United  States,  by  an  instinct  which  is  a  peculiar  gift  of 
Providence  to  nations,  have  comprehended  better  than  even  their 
Government  has  ever  yet  done,  the  benignant  destinies  of  the 
American  Continent,  and  their  own  responsibility  in  that  import- 
ant matter.  They  know  and  see  clearly,  that  although  the  coloniza- 
tion and  initiation  of  civilization  in  all  parts  of  this  continent  was 
assigned  to  European  monarchical  states,  yet  that  in  perfecting 
society  and  civilization  here,  every  part  of  the  continent  must  sooner 
or  later  be  made  entirely  independent  of  all  foreign  control,  and  of 
every  form  of  imperial  or  despotic  power — the  sooner  the  better. 
Universally  imbued  with  this  lofty  and  magnanimous  sentiment,  the 
people  of  the  United  States  have  opened  their  broad  territories  from 
ocean  to  ocean,  and  from  the  Lakes  to  the  Gulf,  freely  to  the  down- 
trodden and  oppressed  of  all  nations,  as  a  republican  asylum.  In 
their  Constitution  they  have  written  with  equal  unanimity  and  zeal 
the  declaration,  that  to  all  who  shall  come  within  that  asylum  they 
guarantee  that  they  shall  be  forever  governed  only  by  republican  in- 
stitutions. This  noble  guarantee  extends  in  spirit,  in  policy,  and  in 
effect  to  all  other  nations  in  the  American  Hemisphere,  so  far  as 
may  depend  on  moral  influences,  which  in  the  cause  of  political 
truth  are  always  more  effective  than  arms.  Some  of  those  nations 
are  communities  near  the  United  States,  which,  while  they  are  ani- 
mated like  the  American  people,  with  a  desire  for  republican  institu- 
tions, and  will  not  willingly  submit  to  any  other,  are  yet  by  reason 
of  insufficient  territory,  imperfect  development,  colonial  demoraliza- 
tion, or  other  causes,  incapable  of  independently  sustaining  them 


SPEECHES   IN   MEXICO.  585 

To  these,  as  in  the  case  of  the  ancient  Louisiana,  Florida,  Alaska,  St. 
Domingo,  and  St.  Thomas,  the  people  of  the  United  States  offer  in- 
corporation into  the  United  States,  with  their  own  free  consent, 
without  conquest,  and  when  they  are  fully  prepared  for  that  im- 
portant change.  Other  nations  on  the  continent,  liberally  endowed 
with  the  elements  and  virtues  of  national  independence,  prosperity, 
and  aggrandizement,  more  matured  and  self-reliant,  cherishing  the 
same  enlightened  and  intense  desire  for  republican  institutions, 
have  nobly  assumed  the  position  and  exercised  the  powers  of  ex- 
clusive sovereignty.  Of  this  class  are  Mexico  —  older  as  a  nation, 
but  newer  as  a  republic  than  the  United  States — Venezuela,  and 
Colombia,  the  Central  American  States,  Peru,  the  Argentine  Re- 
public, and  Chili.  These  republics  have  thus  become,  and  are 
gladly  recognized  by  the  people  of  the  United  States  with  all  their 
just  claims  and  pretensions  of  separate  sovereignty,  fraternal  re- 
publics and  political  allies.  To  the  people  of  the  United  States  the 
universal  acceptance  of  republicanism  is  necessary,  and  happily  it  is 
no  less  necessary  for  every  nation  and  people  on  the  continent. 
Who  will  show  me  how  republicanism  can  be  extended  over  the 
continent  upon  an)-  other  principle  or  under  any  other  system  than 
these?  If  I  forbear  from  dilating  upon  the  influence  which  North 
America  and  South  America  with  all  their  archipelagoes  firmly  es- 
tablished and  fraternally  living  under  republican  institutions,  must 
put  forth  and  will  put  forth  in  advancing  civilization  throughout  the 
world,  it  is  because  I  have  already  said  enough  to  show  that  loyalty 
and  patriotism  on  the  part  of  a  citizen  of  one  American  republic  is, 
in  my  judgment,  not  only  consistent  but  congenial  with  the  best 
wishes  for  the  welfare,  prosperity  and  happiness  of  all  other  Ameri- 
can republics. 

I  give  you,  gentlemen,  the  health  of  President  Benito  Juarez  — 
a  name  indissolubly  associated  with  the  names  of  Presidents  Lincoln, 
Bolivar,  and  Washington,  in  the  heroic  history  of  republicanism  in 
America. 


Seiior  Don  Valentine  Baz,  Vice  President  of  Congress,  followed  with  a  brief 
speech,  closing  with  a  toast,  "  To  the  Congress  of  the  United  States  of  North 
America."     To  this  Mr.  Seward  responded  as  follows  :  — 

The  distinguished  Mexican  speaker  has  proposed  a  sentiment  in 
honor  of  the  Congress  of  the  United  States.     Being  the  only  person 


586  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

present  who  has  been  a  member  of  that  august  body,  I  am  expected 
to  respond.  Two  things  are  necessary  in  every  republic  ;  one  is  a 
President,  the  other  is  a  Congress.  The  safety  of  the  state  is  the 
proper  care  of  the  President ;  the  liberty  of  the  people  is  the  proper 
care  of  the  Congress.  May  God  now  and  always  endow  all  Presi- 
dents and  all  Congresses  with  the  wisdom  necessary  for  the  dis- 
charge of  their  supreme  responsibilities. 

Cholula. 

The  attendance  of  the  civil  authorities  of  the  District,  the  com- 
plete array  of  the  municipality  of  Cholula,  —  more  than  both,  the 
grave  procession  and  thoughtful  assemblage  of  citizens,  leave  me  no 
room  to  doubt  the  sincerity  of  your  generous  words  of  welcome. 
The  scene  seems  to  me  like  one  of  those  which  awaken  momentary 
inspiration.  I  am  on  the  steps  of  the  Aztec  Pyramid,  which  is  one 
of  the  most  stupendous  altars  of  human  sacrifice  that  was  ever 
erected  to  propitiate  the  Deity,  in  the  ages  when  he  was  universally 
understood  to  be  a  God  of  Vengeance.  Around  me  lies  that  mag- 
nificent plain  where  an  imperial  savage  throne  was  brought  down 
to  the  dust,  by  the  just  revenge  of  an  oppressed  aboriginal  republic. 
I  am  surrounded  by  Christian  churches  and  altars  which  tell  how 
foreign  civilized  states  exacted  eternal  subjugation,  and  the  civil 
bondage  of  a  rude  people,  in  return  for  conveying  to  them  the 
Gospel  of  "  Peace  on  earth  and  good  will  toward  man." 

The  serious  republican  aspect  and  deportment  of  the  children  of 
the  Aztecs  to  whom  I  am  speaking,  remind  me  that  after  a  long 
contest  with  ecclesiastical,  monarchical,  and  imperial  ambitions,  the 
independence  of  the  ancient  Aztec  race  has  been  reconquered  with- 
out the  loss  of  the  Christian  religion,  and  consolidated  in  a  repre- 
sentative federal  republic.  Witnesses  of  towering  majesty  and 
impressive  silence  are  looking  down  upon  me;  La  Malinchi,  be- 
wildering because  she  is  indistinct,  and  the  volcanoes  Popocatapetl, 
Ixtacihuatl  and  Orizaba,  clad  in  their  eternal  vestments  of  snow, 
attest  that  nature  remains  unchangeable,  and  only  men,  nations, 
and  races,  are  subject  to  moral  revolution. 

Gentlemen  and  Citizens  :  the  circumstance  that  I  am  here,  not  as 
an  enemy,  but  as  a  friend  ;  a  friend  of  the  town  of  Cholula,  a  friend 
of  the  State  of  Puebla,  a  friend  of  the  Republic  of  Mexico,  en- 
ables me  to  study  Mexico,  her  country  and  people,  more  carefully, 


RECEPTION   OF   CHINESE  EMBASSY.  587 

and  I  trust  to  understand  them  better.  From  this  place,  at  once  so 
sacred  and  so  imposing,  I  must  take  leave  to  say  to  all  states  and 
nations,  that  Mexico  neither  needs  nor  desires  foreign  protection, 
that  she  is  capable  of  independence  and  self-government,  and  sus- 
ceptible of  friendship ;  but  that  in  her  case,  as  in  all  others,  those 
who  would  enjoy  her  friendship  must  offer  her  on  their  part  a 
friendship,  which,  though  it  may  not  be  benevolent,  must  at  least 
be  sincere  and  disinterested. 


THE  CHINESE   TREATY. 

Reply l  to  Mr.  Burlingame's  Address  on  the  Presentation  of  the  Embassy  to  the 

President. 

Washington,  July,  1868. 

Your  Excellency  :  States,  like  individual  men,  have  two  dis- 
tinct characters  and  fields  of  activity ;  the  one  domestic,  the  other 
social.  If  it  be  true,  as  I  trust  it  is,  that  the  several  political  com- 
munities of  the  earth  are  now  more  actively  engaged  than  at  any 
previous  period  in  meliorating  their  respective  constitutions  and 
laws,  it  certainly  is  not  less  manifest  that  they  are  zealously  en- 
gaged in  meliorating  and  perfecting  their  systems  of  international 
intercourse  and  commerce. 

The  appearance  here  of  this,  the  first  mission  from  China  to  the 
Western  nations,  is  in  this  respect  not  more  singular  than  it  is  sug- 
gestive. During  the  first  eighty  years  of  our  independence,  foreign 
nations  generally  evinced  hesitation,  caution,  and  reserve,  not  to 
say  jealousy,  in  regard  to  advances  of  the  United  States.  Of  late 
these  features  have  seemed  to  disappear.  There  remains  scarcely 
one  civilized  and  regularly  constituted  state  with  which  we  have  not 
formed  relations  of  cordial  friendship.  So  far  from  seeking  to  im- 
pose fetters  upon  our  commerce,  as  heretofore,  nearly  all  nations 
now  invite  us  to  establish  free  trade.  Our  national  thought  —  that 
the  American  continent  and  islands  are  rightfully  reserved  for  the 
ultimate  establishment  of  independent  American  states  —  is  no 
longer  anywhere  contested.     Vigorous  and  well-established  Euro- 

1  This  reply  oi  the  President  was  written  by  the  Secretary  of  State  in  accordance  with  diploraatic  usage. 


588  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

pean  powers  now  freely  cede  to  us  for  fair  equivalents  sueh  of  theii 
colonial  possessions  in  this  hemisphere  as  we  find  desirable  for 
strength  and  commerce.  The  inherent  right  of  man  to  choose  and 
change  domicile  and  allegiance  —  a  principle  essential  to  human 
progress  — is  conceded  in  our  recent  treaties.  These  changes,  al- 
though not  less  important,  are  less  striking  than  the  extension  of  our 
friendly  intercourse  with  the  Oriental  nations.  We  have  recently 
opened  reciprocal  and  equal  intercourse  with  Greece,  with  the  Otto- 
man Porte,  and  with  Japan.  China,  having  accepted  the  laws  of 
nations  as  they  are  explained  in  our  own  approved  compilation,  now 
avails  herself,  through  your  mission,  of  our  friendly  introduction  to 
the  Christian  States  of  Europe  and  America.  These  events  reveal 
the  pleasing  fact  of  a  rapid  growth  of  mutual  trust  and  confidence 
among  the  nations,  resulting  from  a  general  suspension  of  the  policy 
of  war  and  conquest,  and  the  substitution  of  a  fraternal  and  be- 
nevolent policy  in  its  place. 

Your  excellencies,  we  have  not  failed  to  appreciate  the  sagacity 
with  which  the  Chinese  Empire  responded  to  this  change  of  policy 
by  the  Christian  nations.  We  acknowledge  with  pleasure  the  cor- 
dial and  enlightened  adoption  of  that  policy  by  the  Western  nations, 
acting  in  concert  with  the  United  States,  especially  by  Great  Brit- 
ain, Fiance,  Russia,  North  Germany, Italy,  Denmark,  Sweden,  Hol- 
land, and  Belgium. 

I  deem  it  not  unworthy  of  this  occasion  to  bear  witness  to  the 
merit  of  the  representative  agents  whose  common  labors  at  Peking 
have  culminated  in  bringing  the  Empire  of  China  so  early  and  so 
directly  into  the  family  circle  of  civilized  nations,  viz.,  Prince  Kung 
and  Wenshian,  on  the  part  of  China  ;  yourself,  Mr.  Burlingaine,  on 
the  part  of  the  United  States ;  the  lamented  Sir  Frederick  Bruce, 
on  the  British  part ;  Mr.  Berthemy,  on  behalf  of  Frauce ;  and  Mes- 
sieurs Balluzeck  and  Vlangally,  on  the  part  of  Russia. 

Reasoning  from  the  harmony  which  has  thus  prevailed  hitherto, 
I  feel  myself  justified  on  this  occasion  not  only  in  giving  you  a  cor- 
dial reception  here,  but  also  in  assuring  you  of  a  welcome  equally 
cordial  by  the  several  other  powers  to  which  you  are  accredited. 
In  conclusion,  I  trust  that  the  intelligent  and  enlightened  Chinese 
Government  and  people  will  allow  me  to  build  upon  this  day's  trans- 
action an  expectation  that  their  great  empire,  instead  of  remaining, 
as  heretofore,  merely  passive,  will  henceforth  be  induced  to  take  an 


THE  DAR1EN    CANAL.  589 

active  part  in  the  general  progress  of  civilization.  There  are  sev- 
eral lines  of  navigation  between  Europe  and  China.  Citizens  of 
the  United  States  have  already  constructed  a  road  across  the  Isth- 
mus of  Panama,  with  a  line  of  steam  service  across  the  Pacific 
Ocean.  In  two  or  three  years  more  there  will  be  added  to  these 
facilities  of  intercourse  the  Pacific  railroad  across  our  own  continent, 
and  a  ship  canal,  constructed  under  French  patronage,  across  the 
Isthmus  of  Suez.  But  there  will  yet  remain,  besides  all  these,  and 
more  important  than  all  of  them,  the  great  work  of  connecting  the 
two  oceans  by  a  ship  canal  to  be  constructed  across  the  Isthmus  of 
Darien.  To  doubt  the  feasibility  of  such  a  work  would  imply  an 
ignorance  of  the  science  and  the  wealth  of  the  age  in  which  we  live. 
Your  important  mission  will  enable  you  to  contribute  largely  to  the 
achievement  of  that  great  enterprise.  I  respectfully  invite  you, 
therefore,  to  commend  it  to  the  favor  of  the  United  States  of  Colom- 
bia, as  well  as  to  the  government  of  China  and  the  several  European 
states  to  which  you  are  accredited. 


THE   DARIEN  CANAL. 

New  York,  February  23,  1869. 

The  corporators  of  the  Isthmus  Canal  Company  met  at  the  residence  of  Peter 
Cooper.  Mr.  Seward  and  Mr.  Evarts,  who  had  come  from  Washington  to  confer 
with  the  leading  capitalists  and  merchants  of  this  city,  were  present.  The  fol- 
lowing gentlemen  were  appointed  commissioners  to  obtain  subscriptions  to  the 
stock  of  the  Company  :  William  T.  Coleman,  Marshall  O.  Roberts,  Cornelius  K. 
Garrison,  William  B.  Duncan,  and  Richard  Schell.  Charts  of  the  proposed  route 
were  exhibited,  showing  the  feasibility  of  the  scheme,  and  entire  confidence  in  its 
success  was  expressed. 

In  the  course  of  the  evening  Mr.  Seward  spoke  as  follows:  — 

Gentlemen  :  Ever  since  the  canal  of  the  Pharaohs  across  the 
Isthmus  of  Suez  fell  into  disuse,  and  was  lost  under  changes  of  so- 
ciety and  of  nature,  commerce  has  desired  the  restoration  of  that 
original  and  most  feasible  channel  of  trade  and  intercourse  between 
the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  nations.  The  discovery  of  the  Cape  of 
Good  Hope  supplied  a  costly  and  hazardous  substitute,  which  was 
eagerly  accepted.     The  exploration  of  the  newly-discovered  Ameri- 


590  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES. 

can  continent,  at  tbe  beginning  of  the  sixteenth  century,  disclosed 
at  once  necessities  for  a  better  channel  to  be  constructed  across  that 
continent,  and  made  a  full  revelation  that  that  better  channel  could 
be  constructed  across  the  Isthmus  of  Darien,  and  nowhere  else. 
During  the  past  three  hundred  years,  statesmanship  and  humanita- 
rianism  have  combined  with  ever-increasing  diligence  and  effort  to 
find  the  means  of  effecting  an  enterprise  which  is,  perhaps,  the  only 
one  that  ever  has  commanded  universal  assent,  and  commended  it- 
self to  the  desire  of  all  mankind.  Every  advance  of  modern  civili- 
zation in  Europe,  the  establishment  of  every  new  nation  in  America, 
every  opening  of  any  secluded  Asiatic  State  and  nation  that  has 
occurred,  has  increased  the  zeal  and  the  energy  of  the  friends  of 
progress  in  favor  of  a  canal  across  the  Isthmus  of  Darien.  We 
habitually  feel  and  say  that  we  are  living  in  an  important  and  in- 
teresting period.  We  do  indeed  have  occasion  and  opportunity  to 
labor  effectually  in  various  ways  in  the  cause  of  civilization  and 
humanity;  but,  if  I  do  not  mistake,  the  chief  of  all  the  advantages 
of  statesmen  of  the  present  day  in  all  the  countries,  is  that  they 
can  take  part  in  the  construction  of  a  canal  across  the  Isthmus  of 
Darien.  Gentlemen,  to  accept  our  respective  parts  in  this  great  en- 
terprise is  the  work  of  this  night.  We  are  Americans.  We  are 
charged  with  responsibilities  of  establishing  on  the  American  conti- 
nent a  higher  condition  of  civilization  and  freedom  than  has  ever 
before  been  attained  in  any  part  of  the  world.  We  all  acknowledge 
and  feel  this  responsibility.  The  destiny  which  we  wish  to  realize 
as  Americans  is  set  plainly  before  us  and  distinctly  within. our 
reach ;  but  that  destiny  can  only  be  attained  by  the  execution  of 
the  Darien  ship  canal.  The  reason  is  obvious.  While  the  electric 
telegraph  can  and  must  be  used  for  the  interchange  of  ideas  between 
nations,  and  while  improved  highways  must  and  will  be  used  for 
overland  travel  and  intercourse,  yet  the  mineral,  forest,  and  agricul- 
tural bulk  productions  of  the  earth  can  only  be  exchanged  by  navi- 
gation, and  this  navigation  must  be  made  as  cheap  and  as  frequent 
and  as  expeditious  as  is  possible.  But  the  navigation  by  sailing 
vessels  is  coming  to  an  end,  and  commerce  is  confiding  the  trust  of 
navigation  exclusively  to  steam  vessels.  Commerce  can  no  longer 
afford  to  use  the  circuitous  and  perilous  navigation  around  the 
Capes.  It  must  and  will  have  shorter  channels  of  transport,  and  of 
these  there  can  be  but  two —  the  one  across  the  Isthmus  of  Suez, 


THE  DARIEN   CANAL.  591 

the  other  across  the  Isthmus  of  Darien.  A  canal  across  the  Isthmus 
of  Suez  already  approaches  its  completion.  If  that  channel  is  to 
secure  the  patronage  of  universal  commerce,  it  will  be  fully  enlarged 
and  completely  adapted  to  the  interests  of  modern  commerce.  In 
that  case  the  commerce  of  even  the  Atlantic  American  coast,  from 
the  St.  Lawrence  to  Cape  Horn,  will  be  turned  eastward  across  the 
Atlantic,  and  through  the  Mediterranean  and  the  Red  Seas,  and  the 
Indian  Ocean  to  India  and  China.  It  would  be  a  reproach  to 
American  enterprise  and  statesmanship  to  suppose  that  we  are  thus 
to  become  tributaries  to  ancient  and  effete  Egypt,  when  by  piercing 
the  Isthmus  of  Darien  we  can  bring  the  trade  of  even  the  Mediter- 
ranean and  of  the  European  Atlantic  coasts  through  a  channel  of 
our  own,  so  palpably  indicated  by  nature  that  all  the  world  has 
accepted  it  as  feasible  and  necessary.  We  have  undertaken  to  de- 
velop the  resources  of  our  own  continent,  and  to  regulate  and  restore 
the  Asiatic  nations  to  free  self-government,  prosperity,  and  happi- 
ness. The  Darien  ship  canal  is  the  only  enterprise  connected  with 
the  great  work  of  civilization  which  remains  to  be  undertaken.  It 
was  a  mistake  to  suppose  that  we  have  been  hitherto  either  inactive 
or  idle  in  regard  to  this  important  matter.  We  have  built  a  rail- 
road across  the  Isthmus  of  Panama,  and  within  twelve  months  more 
we  shall  have  stretched  a  railroad  across  the  continent  from  New 
York  to  San  Francisco.  We  have  abundant  assurance  that  these 
achievements  are  profitable  and  useful.  Both  of  them,  however, 
are  profitable  and.  useful  only  as  types  and  shadows  of  the  Darien 
ship  canal,  which  we  all  feel  and  know  must  be  transcendently  prof- 
itable and  transcendently  useful.  The  Executive  Government  of 
the  United  States,  gentlemen,  has  adopted  the  enterprise  in  which 
you  are  engaged.  It  has  provided  for  a  full,  satisfactory,  and  final 
survey,  preparatory  to  the  construction  of  the  Darien  ship  canal. 
It  is  engaged  in  negotiating  with  the  Republic  of  Colombia  for  its 
consent  to  your  achievement  of  the  enterprise.  The  President  will 
go  forward  with  renewed  zeal  and  vigor  on  receiving  the  assurances 
which  you  have  given  me  that  the  city  of  New  York  has  named 
the  men  who  will  undertake  that  achievement,  and  stand  ready  to 
furnish  the  hundred  million  of  dollars  which  it  may  be  expected  to 
cost.  Personal  courtesies  such  as  yours,  gentlemen,  deserve  per- 
sonal acknowledgments.  In  return  for  the  kindness  with  which 
you  have  received  me  into  your  enlightened  and  noble  consultations, 


592  OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES. 

I  can  only  give  you  my  sincere  thanks,  and  sajr  that  if  I  shall  be 
able  to  identify  my  name  with  yours  in  the  prosecution  of  this  great 
enterprise,  I  shall  certainly  feel  more  assured  hereafter  than  I  have 
ever  been  heretofore  that  I  have  lived  not  altogether  in  vain. 


A  VISIT   FROM   FRIENDS. 

Auburn,  April  21,  1870. 

Gentlemen  of  Syracuse  :  If  my  life  and  your  own  lives  had 
been  merely  domestic,  it  would,  nevertheless,  even  in  that  case,  have 
been  a  pleasant  thing  to  meet  you  now,  in  this  balmy  spring  season, 
and  renew  the  pledge  of  a  friendship  of  thirty  and  more  years. 

I  will  not  attempt  to  describe  my  emotion  in  receiving  this  visit 
from  you,  which  opens  afresh  the  domestic  cares,  anxieties,  pleas- 
ures, and  sorrows,  of  so  long  a  period,  intermingling  everywhere 
with  national  trials,  dangers,  triumphs,  and  calamities,  such  only  as 
fearful  commotion  and  revolutionary  war  could  have  produced.  You 
know  that  it  is  not  my  habit  to  dwell  on  the  topics  of  the  past. 

You  have  reminded  me,  that  since  we  parted  last,  I  have  been,  in 
some  sort,  a  traveller ;  and  you  greet  me  all  the  more  cordially,  as  a 
neighbor  returned  home.  I  should  like,  if  it  were  convenient,  to 
speak  to  you  of  the  glaciers,  mountains,  forests,  and  table-lands,  of 
the  mines  and  caves,  of  the  cataracts,  rivers,  lakes,  seas,  and  oceans, 
their  majesty,  beauty,  and  riches ;  of  states  beginning  and  states 
begun,  of  states  growing,  of  states  struggling,  of  states  rising,  and 
of  states  dissolving  to  recompose  themselves  again  ;  of  men  and 
races  —  Indian,  African,  Asiatic,  and  our  own;  their  characters  and 
wants,  powers,  parts,  and  places ;  in  the  complex  system  of  Ameri- 
can republican  civilization,  as  I  saw  nature  and  men  in  the  field  I 
have  surveyed  —  from  the  Arctic  to  the  equator1,  and  between  the 
two  oceans. 

The  impulse  to  utterance  on  that  line  fortifies  itself  by  recalling 
certain  promises  to  speak  without  reserve  (here  in  Auburn),  prom- 
ises which  I  made  to  all  those  sorts  and  conditions  of  men,  with  a 
view  to  moderate  my  expressions  of  gratitude,  on  the  spot,  for  wel- 
comes not  less  suggestive  than  oppressive,  received  in  Nebraska, 
Colorado,  Wyoming,  Utah,  Oregon,  Washington,  British  Columbia, 
Alaska,  California,  Cuba,  and  Mexico. 


RETROSPECT.  593 

But,  gentlemen,  yon  have  promised  me  that  this  visit  shall  be  an 
informal  one.  Moreover,  I  have  scarcely  yet  recovered  from  the 
chill  which  the  March  snows  gave  me,  on  a  too  sudden  arrival  here 
from  the  West  Indies.  Let  it  suffice  to  say,  that  everywhere,  with- 
in the  United  States  and  without  the  United  States,  I  found,  in 
political  institutions  and  in  the  current  of  political  events,  and  in  the 
progress  of  order,  law,  freedom,  and  humanity,  a  full  confirmation  of 
the  principles,  policies,  and  sentiments  in  which  the  people  of 
Auburn  and  Syracuse  have  been  educated  themselves,  and  which, 
without  shrinking  from  the  sacrifice  of  life  and  fortune,  they  have 
so  long  maintained.  Gentlemen,  I  have  trusted  you  long,  and  you 
have  adhered  to  me  with  perseverance.  Let  us  thank  God  with 
humility  and  reverence  for  the  blessing  of  such  a  friendship,  and 
hope  and  strive  that  it  may  continue  to  the  end  of  our  days. 

Gentlemen,  the  first  century  of  our  national  existence  draws  to  a 
close.  While  the  seals  of  the  second  century  are  being  opened,  we 
shall  be  passing  away,  relying  on  the  benevolence  of  God,  and  the 
progress  of  humanity.  Let  us  hope,  without  doubting,  that  our  suc- 
cessors will  be  wiser  and  better  than  we  have  been  ;  that  hence- 
forth, the  reformer  of  the  nation  may  never  be  found  lacking  in 
patience,  the  patriot  in  zeal,  the  soldier  in  prudence,  or  the  states- 
man in  constancy,  and  above  all,  that  the  nation  itself  may  never 
distrust  its  own  gracious  destiny.     Amen. 


MISCELLANEOUS  PAPERS. 


PROCLAMATION  OF  JANUARY  1,  1863.1 

Whereas,  on  the  twenty-second  day  of  September,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  one 
thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-two,  a  proclamation  was  issued  by  the  President 
of  the  United  States,  containing,  among  other  things,  the  following,  to  wit  :  — 

"  That  on  the  first  day  of  January,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  one  thousand  eight 
hundred  and  sixty-three,  all  persons  held  as  slaves  within  any  state  or  designated 
part  of  a  state,  the  people  whereof  shall  then  be  in  rebellion  against  the  United 
States,  shall  be  then,  thenceforward,  and  forever,  free  ;  and  the  executive  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States,  including  the  military  and  naval  authority  thereof,  will 
recognize  and  maintain  the  freedom  of  such  persons,  and  will  do  no  act  or  acts  to 
repress  such  persons,  or  any  of  them,  in  any  efforts  they  may  make  for  their  actual 
freedom : 

"  That  the  Executive  will,  on  the  first  day  of  January  aforesaid,  by  proclama- 
tion, designate  the  states  and  parts  of  states,  if  any,  in  which  the  people  thereof, 
respectively,  shall  then  be  in  rebellion  against  the  United  States  ;  and  the  fact  that 
any  state,  or  the  people  thereof,  shall  on  that  day  be  in  good  faith  represented  in 
the  Congress  of  the  United  States,  by  members  chosen  thereto  at  elections  wherein 
a  majority  of  the  qualified  voters  of  such  states  shall  have  participated,  shall,  in 
the  absence  of  strong  countervailing  testimony,  be  deemed  conclusive  evidence 
that  such  state,  and  the  people  thereof,  are  not  then  in  rebellion  against  the  United 
States  : " 

Now,  therefore,  I,  Abraham  Lincoln,  President  of  the  United  States,  by  virtue 
of  the  power  in  me  vested  as  commander-in-chief  of  the  army  and  navy  of  the 
United  States,  in  time  of  actual  armed  rebellion  against  the  authority  and  govern- 
ment of  the  United  States,  and  as  a  fit  and  necessary  war  measure  for  suppressing 
said  rebellion,  do,  on  this  first  day  of  January,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  one  thou- 
sand eight  hundred  and  sixty-three,  and  in  accordance  with  my  purpose  so  to  do, 
publicly  proclaim  for  the  full  period  of  one  hundred  days  from  the  day  first  above 
mentioned,  order  and  designate  as  the  states  and  parts  of  states  wherein  the  people 
thereof,  respectively,  are  this  day  in  rebellion  against  the  United  States,  the  follow- 
ing, to  wit : 

Arkansas,  Texas,  Louisiana  (except  the  parishes  of  St.  Bernard,  Plaquemines, 
Jefferson,  St.  John,  St.  Charles,  St.  James,  Ascension,  Assumption,  Terre  Bonne, 
Lafourche,  St.  Mary,  St.  Martin,  and  Orleans,  including  the  city  of  New  Orleans), 
Mississippi,  Alabama,  Florida,  Georgia,  South  Carolina,  North  Carolina,  and  Vir- 
ginia, (except  the  forty-eight  counties  designated  as  West  Virginia,  and  also  the 
counties  of  Berkeley,  Accomac,  Northampton,  Elizabeth  City,  York,  Princess  Ann, 
and  Norfolk,  including  the  cities  of  Norfolk  and  Portsmouth),  and  which 
excepted  parts  are  for  the  present  left  precisely  as  if  this  proclamation  were  not 
issued. 

And  by  virtue  of  the  power,  and  for  the  purpose  aforesaid,  I  do  order  and  de- 
clare that  all  persons  held  as  slaves  within  said  designated  states  and  parts  of 
states  are  and  henceforward  shall  be  free  ;  and  that  the  executive  government  of 

1  For  Proclamation  of  September,  1862,  see  ante,  p.  345. 


AMENDMENTS   OF   CONSTITUTION.  595 

the  United  States,  including  the  military  and  naval  authorities  thereof,  will  recog- 
nize and  maintain  the  freedom  of  said  persons. 

And  I  hereby  enjoin  upon  the  people  so  declared  to  be  free  to  abstain  from  all 
violence,  unless  in  necessary  self-defence  ;  and  I  recommend  to  them  that,  in  all 
cases  when  allowed,  they  labor  faithfully  for  reasonable  wages. 

And  I  further  declare  and  make  known  tliat  such  persons,  of  suitable  condition, 
will  be  received  into  the  armed  service  of  the  United  States,  to  garrison  forts,  posi- 
tions, stations,  and  other  places,  and  to  man  vessels  of  all  sorts  in  said  service. 

And  upon  this  act,  sincerely  believed  to  be  an  act  of  justice  warranted  by  the 
Constitution  upon  military  necessity,  I  invoke  the  considerate  judgment  of  man- 
kind and  the  gracious  favor  of  Almighty  God. 

In  witness  whereof,  I  have  hereunto  set  my  hand  and  caused  the  seal  of  the 
United  States  to  be  affixed. 

Done  at  the  city  of  Washington  this  first  day  of  January,  in  the  year  of  our 
[l.  8.]     Lord  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-three,  and  of  the  independence 
of  the  United  States  of  America  the  eighty-seventh. 

Abraham  Lincoln. 
By  the  President : 

William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State. 

AMENDMENTS  OF  CONSTITUTION. 

MR.  SEWARD'S  CERTIFICATE  OF   THE  ANTI-SLAVERY  AMENDMENT,  KNOWN 
AS  THE  13th  AMENDMENT. 

By  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  of  the  United  States, 

To  all  to  whom  these  presents  may  come,  greeting : 

Know  ye,  that  whereas  the  Congress  of  the  United  States  on  the  first  of  Febru- 
ary last  passed  a  resolution  which  is  in  the  words  following,  namely  :  — 

"  A  resolution  submitting  to  the  Legislatures  of  the  several  states  a  proposition 
to  amend  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States. 

"Resolved  by  the  Senate  and  House  of  Representatives  of  the  United  States  of 
America  in  Congress  Assembled  (two-thirds  of  both  Houses  concurring),  That  the  fol- 
lowing article  be  proposed  to  the  Legislatures  of  the  several  states  as  an  amend- 
ment to  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  which,  when  ratified  by  three 
fourths  of  said  Legislatures,  shall  be  valid,  to  all  intents  and  purposes,  as  a  part  of 
the  said  Constitution,  namely  :  — 

Article  XIII. 

"  Sec.  1.  Neither  slavery  nor  involuntary  servitude,  except  as  a  punishment  for 
crime,  whereof  the  party  shall  have  been  duly  convicted,  shall  exist  within  the 
United  States,  or  any  place  subject  to  their  jurisdiction. 

"  Sec.  2.  Congress  shall  have  power  to  enforce  this  article  by  appropriate  legis- 
lation." 

And  whereas  it  appears  from  official  documents  on  file  in  this  Department  that 
the  amendment  to  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  proposed  as  aforesaid, 
has  been  ratified  by  the  Legislatures  of  the  states  of  Illinois,  Rhode  Island,  Michi- 
gan, Maryland,  New  York,  West  Virginia,  Maine,  Kansas,  Massachusetts,  Penn- 
sylvania, Virginia,  Ohio,  Missouri,  Nevada,  Indiana,  Louisiana,  Minnesota,  Wiscon- 
sin, Vermont,  Tennessee,  Arkansas,  Connecticut,  New  Hampshire,  South  Carolina, 
Alabama,  North  Carolina,  and  Georgia  —  in  all,  twenty-seven  states.1 

And  whereas  the  whole  number  of  states  in  the  United  States  is  thirty-six,  and 
whereas  the  before  specially-named  states,  whose  legislatures  have   ratified  the 
said  proposed  amendment,  constitute  three  fourths  of  the  whole  number  of  states 
in  the  United  States. 
1  New  Jersey,  Oregon,  California,  Jlorida,  and  Iowa  ratified  subsequently  to  the  date  of  this  certificate 


596  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

Now,  therefore,  be  it  known  that  I,  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  of 
the  United  States,  by  virtue  and  in  pursuance  of  the  second  section  of  the  act  of 
Congress  approved  the  twentieth  of  April,  eighteen  hundred  and  eighteen,  do  here- 
by certify  that  the  amendment  aforesaid  has  become  valid,  to  all  intents  and  pur- 
poses, as  a  part  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States. 

In  testimony  whereof  I  have  hereunto  set  my  hand  and  caused  the  seal  of  the 
Department  of  State  to  be  affixed. 

Done  at  the  city  of  Washington,  this  eighteenth  day  of  December,  in  the  year  of 
[seal]     our  Lord  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-five,  and  of  the  independ- 
ence of  the  United  States  of  America  the  ninetieth. 

William  H.  Seward, 

Secretary  of  State. 

Department  ok  State, 
Washington,  September  12,  1865. 

Sir  :  Your  excellency's  letter  of  the  29th  ultimo,  with  the  accompanying  procla- 
mation, has  been  received  and  submitted  to  the  President.  The  steps  to  which  it 
refers,  towards  reorganizing  the  government  of  Florida,  seem  to  be  in  the  main 
judicious,  and  good  results  from  them  may  be  hoped  for.  The  presumption  to 
which  the  proclamation  refers,  however,  in  favor  of  insurgents  who  may  wish  to 
vote,  and  who  may  have  applied  for,  but  not  received,  their  pardons,  is  not  entirely 
approved.  All  applications  for  pardons  will  be  duly  considered,  and  will  be  dis- 
posed of  as  soon  as  may  be  practicable.  It  must,  however,  be  distinctly  under- 
stood that  the  restoration  to  which  your  proclamation  refers  will  be  subject  to  the 
decision  of  Congress. 

William  H.  Seward. 

His  Excellency  William  Marvin. 

Department  of  State, 
Washington,  November  1,  1865. 

His  Excellency  William  Marvin,  Provisional  Governor  : 

Your  letter  of  October  7  was  received  and  submitted  to  the  President.  He  is 
gratified  with  the  favorable  progress  towards  reorganization  in  Florida,  and  directs 
me  to  say  that  he  regards  the  ratification  by  the  legislature  of  the  congressional 
amendment  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  as  indispensable  to  a  success- 
ful restoration  of  the  true  legal  relations  between  Florida  and  the  other  states,  and 
equally  indispensable  to  the  return  of  peace  and  harmony  throughout  the 
Republic. 

William  H.  Seward. 

Washington,  November  6,  1865. 
His  Excellency  B.  F.  Perry,  Provisional  Governor  of  South  Carolina  : 
Your  despatch  to  the  President  of  November  4,  has  been  received.  He  is  not 
entirely  satisfied  with  the  explanations  it  contains.  He  deems  necessary  the  pas- 
sage of  adequate  ordinances  declaring  that  all  insurrectionary  proceedings  in  the 
state  were  unlawful  and  void  ab  initio.  Neither  the  Constitution  nor  laws  direct 
official  information  to  the  state  of  amendments  to  the  Constitution  submitted  by 
Congress.  Notices  of  the  amendment  by  Congress  abolishing  slavery  ware  never- 
theless given  by  the  Secretary  of  State  at  the  time  to  the  states  which  were  then 
in  communication  with  this  government.  Formal  notice  will  immediately  be  given 
to  those  states  which  were  then  in  insurrection. 

The  objection  you  mention  to  the  last  clause  of  the  constitutional  amendment  is 
regarded  as  querulous  and  unreasonable,  because  that  clause  is  really  restraining 
in  its  effect,  instead  of  enlarging  the  powers  of  Congress.  The  President  consid- 
ers the  acceptance  of  the  amendment  by  South  Carolina  as  indispensable  to  a  re- 
storation of  her  relations  with  the  other  states  of  the  Union. 

William  H.  Seward. 


THE  REBEL  DEBT.  597 

Respecting  the  repudiation  of  the  rebel  state  debt,  this  telegraphic  correspond- 
ence took  place  :  — 

Department  op  State, 
Washington,  November  20,  1865. 
His  Excellency  B.  F.  Perry,  Provisional  Governor : 

Your  despatch  of  tins  date  was  received  at  half-past  ten  o'clock  this  morning. 
This  freedom  of  loyal  intercourse  between  South  Carolina  and  her  sister  states  is 
manifestly  much  better  and  wiser  than  separation.  The  President  and  the  whole 
country  are  gratified  that  South  Carolina  has  accepted  the  congressional  amend- 
ment to  the  Constitution  abolishing  slavery.  Upon  reflection  South  Carolina  her- 
self would  not  care  to  come  again  into  the  councils  of  the  Union  encumbered  and 
clogged  with  debts  and  obligations  which  had  been  assumed  in  her  name  in  a  vain 
attempt  to  subvert  it.  The  President  trusts  that  she  will  lose  no  time  in  making 
an  effective  organic  declaration,  disavowing  all  debts  and  obligations  created  or 
assumed  in  her  name  or  behalf  in  aid  of  the  rebellion.  The  President  waits  further 
events  in  South  Carolina  with  deep  interest. 

You  will  remain  in  the  exercise  of  your  functions  of  Provisional  Governor  until 
relieved  by  his  express  directions. 

William  H.  Seward. 

Department  op  State, 
Washington,  November  30,  1865. 

Sir  :  I  have  the  honor  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  telegram  of  the  27th 
instant,  informing  me,  that  as  the  convention  had  been  dissolved,  it  was  impossible 
to  adopt  the  President's  suggestion  to  repudiate  the  insurgent  debt,  and  to  inform 
you  that  while  the  objections  which  you  urge  to  the  adoption  of  that  proceeding 
are  of  a  serious  nature,  the  President  cannot  refrain  from  awaiting  with  interest 
an  official  expression  upon  that  subject  from  the  legislature.1 

William  H.  Seward. 

His  Excellency  B.  F.  Perry. 

His  Excellency  James  Johnson,  Provisional  Governor  of  Georgia  : 

Your  several   telegrams  have   been  received.     The  President  of  the  United 

States  cannot  recognize  the  people  of  any  state  as  having  resumed  the  relations  of 

loyalty  to  the  Union  that  admits  as  legal,  obligations  contracted  or  debts  created 

in  their  name,  to  promote  the  war  of  the  rebellion. 

William  H.  Seward. 
Washington,  October  28, 1865. 

His  Excellency  L.  E.  Parsons,  Provisional  Governor  : 

The  President  congratulates  you  and  the  country  upon  the  acceptance  of  the 
congressional  amendment  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  by  the  state  of 
Alabama,  which  vote,  being  the  twenty-seventh,  fills  up  the  complement  of  two- 
thirds,  and  gives  the  amendment  finishing  effect  as  a  part  of  the  organic  law  of  the 
land. 

William  H.  Seward. 

Washington,  December  5,  1865. 

«  Before  adjourning,  the  subject  of  the  repudiation  of  the  war  debt  was  referred  to  the  Committee  on 
Federal  R-lations,  who  recommended  the  appointment  of  a  special  joint  committee  of  both  Houses  to 
inquire  into  thw  amount  of  such  debt  due  by  the  state,  and  to  whom  due ;  and  to  report  at  the  next 
regular  session  of  the  legislature. 


598  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

CERTIFICATE  OF  SECRETARY  SEWARD   RESPECTING  THE  RATIFICATION   OF 
THE  FOURTEENTH  AMENDMENT  TO  THE  CONSTITUTION,  JULY  28,  1868. 

By  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  of  the  United  States. 

To  all  to  lohom  these  presents  may  come,  greeting  : 

Whereas  the  Congress  of  the  United  States,  on  or  about  the  16th  day  of  June, 
1866,  submitted  to  the  legislatures  of  the  several  states  a  proposed  amendment  to 
the  Constitution  in  the  following  words,  to  wit : 

•   Article  XIV. 

Sec.  1.  All  persons  born  or  naturalized  in  the  United  States,  and  subject  to  the 
jurisdiction  thereof,  are  citizens  of  the  United  States,  and  of  the  states  wherein 
they  reside.  No  state  shall  make  or  enforce  any  law  which  shall  abridge  the  priv- 
ileges or  immunities  of  citizens  of  the  United  States  ;  nor  shall  any  state  deprive 
any  person  of  life,  liberty,  or  property,  without  due  process  of  law,  nor  deny  to 
any  person  within  its  jurisdiction  the  equal  protection  of  the  laws. 

Sec.  2.  Representatives  shall  be  apportioned  among  the  several  states  according 
to  their  respective  numbers,  counting  the  whole  number  of  persons  in  each  state, 
excluding  Indians  not  taxed.  But  when  the  right  to  vote  at  any  election  for  the 
choice  of  electors  for  President  and  Vice  President  of  the  United  States,  represent- 
atives in  Congress,  the  executive  and  judicial  officers  of  a  state,  or  the  meml>ers 
of  the  legislature  thereof,  is  denied  to  any  of  the  male  inhabitants  of  such  state, 
being  twenty-one  years  of  age,  and  citizens  of  the  United  States,  or  in  any  way 
abridged,  except  for  participation  in  rebellion  or  other  crime,  the  basis  of  repre- 
sentation therein  shall  be  reduced  in  the  proportion  which  the  number  of  such  male 
citizens  shall  bear  to  the  whole  number  of  male  citizens  twenty-one  years  of  age 
in  such  state. 

Sec.  3.  No  person  shall  be  a  senator  or  representative  in  Congress,  or  elector  of 
President  and  Vice-President,  or  hold  any  office,  civil  or  military,  under  the  United 
States,  or  under  any  state,  who,  having  previously  taken  an  oath  as  a  member  of 
Congress,  or  as  an  officer  of  the  United  States,  or  as  a  member  of  any  state  legisla- 
ture, or  as  an  executive  or  judicial  officer  of  any  state,  to  support  the  Constitution 
of  the  United  States,  shall  have  engaged  in  insurrection  or  rebellion  against  the 
same,  or  given  aid  or  comfort  to  the  enemies  thereof.  But  Congress  may  by  a  vote 
of  two-thirds  of  each  House  remove  such  disability. 

Sec.  4.  The  validity  of  the  public  debt  of  the  United  States,  authorized  by  law, 
including  debts  incurred  for  payment  of  pensions  and  bounties  for  services  in  sup- 

gressing  insurrection  or  rebellion,  shall  not  be  questioned.  But  neither  the  United 
tates  nor  any  state  shall  assume  or  pay  any  debt  or  obligation  incurred  in  aid  of 
insurrection  or  rebellion  against  the  United  States,  or  any  claim  for  the  loss  or 
emancipation  of  any  slave  ;  but  all  such  debts,  obligations,  and  claims  shall  be  held 
illegal  and  void. 

Sec.  5.  The  Congress  shall  have  power  to  enforce,  by  appropriate  legislation, 
the  provisions  of  this  article. 

And  whereas  official  notice  has  been  received  at  the  Department  of  State  that 
the  legislatures  of  the  several  states  next  hereinafter  named  have,  at  the  times  re- 
spectively herein  mentioned,  taken  the  proceedings  hereinafter  recited  upon  or  in 
relation  to  the  ratification  of  the  said  proposed  amendment,  called  article  four- 
teenth, namely  :  — 

The  Legislature  of  Connecticut  ratified  the  amendment  June  30, 1866  ;  the  Leg- 
islature of  New  Hampshire  ratified  it  July  7,  1866  ;  the  Legislature  of  Tennessee 
ratified  it  July  19,  1866  ;  the  Legislature  of  New  Jersey  ratified  it  September  11, 
1866,  and  the  Legislature  of  the  same  state  passed  a  resolution  in  April,  1868,  to 
withdraw  the  consent  to  it  ;  the  Legislature  of  Oregon  ratified  it  September  19, 
1866  ;  the  Legislature  of  Texas  rejected  it  November  1,  1866  ;  the  Legislature  of 
Vermont  ratified  it  on  or  previous  to  November  9,  1866  ;  the  Legislature  of  Geor- 


FUGITIVE  SLAVES,   1861.  599 

gia  rejected  it  November  13,  1866,  and  the  Legislature  of  the  same  state  ratified 
it  July  21,  1868  ;  the  Legislature  of  North  Carolina  rejected  it  December  4,  1866, 
und  the  Legislature  of  the  same  state  ratified  it  July  4,  1868  ;  Legislature  of 
South  Carolina  rejected  it  December  20,  1866,  and  the  Legislature  of  the  same 
.state  ratified  it  July  9,  1868  ;  the  Legislature  of  Virginia  rejected  it  January  9, 
1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Kentucky  rejected  it  January  10,  1867  ;  the  Legislature 
of  New  York  ratified  it  January  10,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Ohio  ratified  it  Jan- 
uary 11,  1867,  and  the  Legislature  of  the  same  state  passed  a  resolution  in  January, 
1868,  to  withdraw  its  consent  to  it ;  the  Legislature  of  Illinois  ratified  it  January 
15,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  West  Virginia  ratified  it  January  16,  1867  ;  the  Leg- 
islature of  Kansas  ratified  it  January  18,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Maine  ratified 
it  January  19,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Nevada  ratified  it  January  22,  1867  ;  the 
Legislature  of  Missouri  ratified  it  on  or  previous  to  January  26,  1867  ;  the  Legis- 
lature of  Indiana  ratified  it  January  29,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Minnesota  rati- 
fied it  February  1,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Rhode  Island  ratified  it  February  7, 
1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Delaware  rejected  it  February  7,  1867  ;  the  Legislature 
of  Wisconsin  ratified  it  February  13,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Pennsylvania  rati- 
fied it  February  13,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Michigan  ratified  it  February  15, 
1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Massachusetts  ratified  it  March  20,  1867  ;  the  Legisla- 
ture of  Maryland  rejected  it  March  23,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Nebraska  ratified 
it  June  15,  1867  ;  the  Legislature  of  Iowa  ratified  it  April  3,  1868  ;  the  Legisla- 
ture of  Arkansas  ratified  it  April  6,  1868  ;  the  Legislature  of  Florida  ratified  it 
June  9,  1868  ;  the  Legislature  of  Louisiana  ratified  it  July  9,  1868  ;  and  the  Leg- 
islature of  Alabama  ratified  it  July  13,  1868. 

Now,  therefore,  be  it  known  that  I,  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  of 
the  United  States,  do  hereby  direct  the  said  proposed  amendment  to  the  Constitu- 
tion of  the  United  States  to  be  published  in  the  newspapers  authorized  to  promul- 
gate the  laws  of  the  United  States,  and  I  do  hereby  certify  that  the  said  proposed 
amendment  has  been  adopted  in  the  manner  hereinbefore  mentioned  by  the  states 
specified  in  the  said  concurrent  resolution,  namely,  the  states  of  Connecticut,  New 
Hampshire,  Tennessee,  New  Jersey,  Oregon,  Vermont,  New  York,  Ohio,  Illinois, 
West  Virginia,  Kansas,  Maine,  Nevada,  Missouri,  Indiana,  Minnesota,  Rhode 
Island,  Wisconsin,  Pennsylvania,  Michigan,  Massachusetts,  Nebraska,  Iowa,  Ar- 
kansas, Florida,  North  Carolina,  Louisiana,  South  Carolina,  Alabama,  and  also  by 
the  Legislature  of  the  State  of  Georgia  ;  the  states  thus  specified  being  more  than 
three-fourths  of  the  states  of  the  United  States. 

And  I  do  further  certify,  that  the  said  amendment  has  become  valid  to  all  in- 
tents and  purposes  as  a  part  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States. 

Done  at  the  city  of  Washington,  this  twenty-eight  day  of  July,  in  the  year  of  our 
[seal]     Lord,  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-eight,  and  of  the  independ- 
ence of  the  United  States  of  America  the  ninety-third. 

William  H.  Seward, 

Secretary  of  State. 


FUGITIVE   SLAVES. 

Department  of  State, 
Washington,  December  4,  1861. 
To  Major- General  Geo.  B.  McClellan,  Washington: 

General  :  I  am  directed  by  the  President  to  call  your  attention  to  the  follow- 
ing subject  :  — 

Persons  claimed  to  be  held  to  service  or  labor  under  the  laws  of  the  State  of 
Virginia,  and  actually  employed  in  hostile  service  against  the  Government  of  the 
United  States,  frequently  escape  from  the  lines  of  the  enemy's  forces,  and  are  re- 
ceived within  the  lines  of  the  army  of  the  Potomac. 

This  Department  understands  that  such  persons  afterward  coming  into  the  city 
of  Washington  are  liable  to  be  arrested  by  the  city  police,  upon  the  presumption, 
arising  from  color,  that  they  are  fugitives  from  service  or  labor. 


600  MISCELLANEOUS  PAPEES. 

By  the  4th  section  of  the  act  of  Congress,  approved  August  6,  1861,  entitled 
"  An  act  to  confiscate  property  used  for  insurrectionary  purposes,"  such  hostile 
employment  is  made  a  full  and  sufficient  answer  to  any  further  claim  to  service  or 
labor.  Persons  thus  employed  and  escaping  are  received  into  the  military  protec- 
tion of  the  United  States,  and  their  arrest  as  fugitives  from  service  or  labor 
should  be  immediately  followed  by  the  military  arrest  of  the  parties  making  the 
seizure. 

Copies  of  this  communication  will  be  sent  to  the  Mayor  of  the  City  of  Washing- 
ton, and  to  the  Marshal  of  the  District  of  Columbia,  that  any  collision  between  the 
civil  and  military  authorities  may  be  avoided. 

William  H,  Seward. 


TREATIES. 


"  The  Treaty  for  the  Suppression  of  the  Slave  Trade  "  1  was  negotiated  early 
in  1862,  while  Earl  Russell  was  expressing  his  belief  in  the  downfall  of  the  Re- 
public, and  while  our  armies  were  battling  with  fortunes  more  or  less  adverse. 
Born  thus  amid  the  tempests  of  the  time,  it  was  nevertheless  destined  to  accom- 
plish its  purpose  so  thoroughly  and  in  so  short  a  period  that  the  civilized  world 
stood  amazed. 

The  Treaty,  bearing  the  name  of  Mr.  Seward,  although  it  has  spent  its  force, 
finds  a  permanent  record  in  the  Department  of  State  and  in  the  archives  of  the 
Government  of  Great  Britain.8 


NATURALIZATION  TREATY. 

PROCLAIMED  BY  TIIE    PRESIDENT,   MAY   27,   1868. 

Article  I.  —  Citizens  of  the  North  German  Confederation,  who  become  natural- 
ized citizens  of  the  United  States  of  America,  and  shall  have  resided  uninterrupt- 
edly within  the  United  States  five  years,  shall  be  held  by  the  North  German  Con- 
federation to  be  American  citizens,  and  shall  bo  treated  as  such. 

Reciprocally,  citizens  of  the  United  States  of  America  who  become  naturalized 
citizens  of  the  North  German  Confederation,  and  shall  have  resided  uninterrupt- 
edly within  North  Germany  five  years,  shall  be  held  by  the  United  States  to  be 
North  German  citizens,  and  shall  be  treated  as  such.  The  declaration  of  an  in- 
tention to  become  a  citizen  of  the  one  or  the  other  country  has  not  for  either  party 
the  effect  of  naturalization. 

This  article  shall  apply  as  well  to  those  already  naturalized  in  either  country  as 
those  hereafter  naturalized. 

Article  II.  —  A  naturalized  citizen  of  the  one  party  on  return  to  the  territory 
of  the  other  party  remains  liable  to  trial  and  punishment  for  an  action  punishable 
by  the  laws  of  his  original  country  and  committed  before  his  emigration  ;  saving, 
always,  the  limitation  established  by  the  laws  of  his  original  country. 

Article  III.  —  The  convention  for  the  mutual  delivery  of  criminals,  fugitives 
from  justice,  in  certain  cases,  concluded  between  the  United  States  on  the  one  part 

1  See  ante,  pp.  6-12,  62. 

*  See  Volume,  "Treaties,"  etc.,  Published  by  the  Department  of  State. 


*fc\ 


< 


VA. 


A 


ALASKA   TREATY.  601 

and  Prussia  and  other  States  of  Germany  on  the  other  part,  the  sixteenth  day  of 
June,  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  fifty-two,  is  hereby  extended  to  all  the 
States  of  the  North  German  Confederation. 

Article  IV.  —  If  a  German  naturalized  in  America  renews  his  residence  in 
North  Germany,  without  the  intent  to  return  to  America,  be  shall  be  held  to  have 
renounced  his  naturalization  in  the  United  States.  Reciprocally,  if  an  American 
naturalized  in  North  Germany  renews  his  residence  in  the  United  States,  without 
the  intent  to  return  to  North  Germany,  he  shall  be  held  to  have  renounced  his 
naturalization  in  North  Germany.  The  intent  not  to  return  may  be  held  to  exist 
when  the  person  naturalized  in  the  one  country  resides  more  than  two  years  in  the 
other  country. 

Article  V.  —  The  present  convention  shall  go  into  effect  immediately  on  the 
exchange  of  ratifications,  and  shall  continue  in  force  for  ten  years.  If  neither 
party  shall  have  given  to  the  other  six  months'  previous  notice  of  its  intention  then 
to  terminate  the  same,  it  shall  further  remain  in  force  until  the  end  of  twelve 
months  after  either  of  the  contracting  parties  shall  have  given  notice  to  the  other 
of  such  intention.1 

ALASKA  TREATY. 

The  United  States  of  America  and  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias, 
being  desirous  of  strengthening,  if  possible,  the  good  understanding  which  exists 
between  them,  have,  for  that  purpose,  appointed  as  their  plenipotentiaries  :  the 
President  of  the  United  States,  William  H.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  ;  and  his 
Majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias,  the  privy  counsellor  Edward  de  Stoeckl, 
his  envoy  extraordinary  and  minister  plenipotentiary  to  the  United  States. 

And  the  said  plenipotentiaries,  having  exchanged  their  full  powers,  winch  were 
found  to  be  in  due  form,  have  agreed  upon  and  signed  the  following  articles  :  — 

Article  I.  —  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias  agrees  to  cede  to  the 
United  States,  by  this  convention,  immediately  upon  the  exchange  of  the  ratifica- 
tions thereof,  all  the  territory  and  dominion  now  possessed  by  his  said  Majesty  on 
the  continent  of  America  and  in  the  adjacent  islands,  the  same  being  contained 
within  the  geographical  limits  herein  set  forth,  to  wit  :  the  eastern  limit  is  the 
line  of  demarcation  between  the  Russian  and  the  British  possessions  in  North 
America,  as  established  by  the  convention  between  Russia  and  Great  Britain,  of 
February  28-16, 1825,  and  described  in  Articles  III.  and  IV.  of  said  convention,  in 
the  following  terms  :  2 

"  Commencing  from  the  southernmost  point  of  the  island  called  Prince  of  Wales 
Island,  which  point  lies  in  the  parallel  of  54  degrees  40  minutes  north  latitude, 
and  between  the  131st  and  the  133d  degree  of  west  longitude,  (meridian  of 
Greenwich),  the  said  line  shall  ascend  to  the  north  along  the  channel  called  Port- 
land channel,  as  far  as  the  point  of  the  continent  where  it  strikes  the  56th  degree 
of  north  latitude  ;  from  this  last-mentioned  point,  the  line  of  demarcation  shall 
follow  the  summit  of  the  mountains  situated  parallel  to  the  coast  as  far  as  the 
point  of  intersection  of  the  141st  degree  of  west  longitude,  (of  the  same  merid- 
ian ;)  and  finally,  from  the  said  point  of  intersection,  the  said  meridian  line  of  the 
141st  degree,  in  its  prolongation  as  far  as  the  Frozen  Ocean. 

"  IV.  With  reference  to  the  line  of  demarcation  laid  down  in  the  preceding 
article,  it  is  understood  — 

"1st.  That  the  island  called  Prince  of  Wales  Island  shall  belong  wholly  to 
Russia"  (now  by  this  cession  to  the  United  States). 

"  2d.  That  whenever  the  summit  of  the  mountains  which  extend  in  a  direction 
parallel  to  the  coast  from  the  56th  degree  of  north  latitude  to  the  point  of  inter- 
section of  the  141st  degree  of  west  longitude  shall  prove  to  be  at  the  distance  of 

1  President  Hayes,  in  his  Annual  Mes««re  of  December,  1877,  alludes  to  the  great  importance  of  Mr. 
Seward's  Naturalization  Treaties.     See  ante,  p.  5. 

2  See  accompanying  Map. 


602  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

more  than  ten  marine  leagues  from  the  ocean,  the  limit  between  the  British  pos- 
sessions and  the  line  of  coast  which  is  to  belong  to  Russia  as  above  mentioned 
(that  is  to  say,  the  limit  to  the  possessions  ceded  by  this  convention)  shall  be 
formed  by  a  line  parallel  to  the  winding  of  the  coast,  and  which  shall  never  exceed 
the  distance  of  ten  marine  leagues  therefrom." 

The  western  limit  witliin  which  the  territories  and  dominion  conveyed  are  con- 
tained, passes  through  a  point  in  Behring's  Straits  on  the  parallel  of  65  degrees  30 
minutes  north  latitude,  at  its  intersection  by  the  meridian  which  passes  midway 
between  the  islands  of  Krusenstern,  or  Ignalook,  and  the  island  of  Ratmanoff,  ox 
Noonarbook,  and  proceeds  due  north,  without  limitation,  into  the  same  Frozen 
Ocean.  The  same  western  limit,  beginning  at  the  same  initial  point,  proceeds 
thence  in  a  course  nearly  southwest,  through  Behring's  Straits  and  Behring's  Sea, 
so  as  to  pass  midway  between  the  northwest  point  of  the  island  of  St.  Lawrence 
and  the  southeast  point  of  Cape  ChouKotski,  to  the  meridian  of  172  west  longi- 
tude; thence,  from  the  intersection  of  that  meridian,  in  a  southwesterly  direction, 
so  as  to  pass  midway  between  the  island  of  Attou  and  the  Copper  island  of  the 
Kormandorski  couplet  or  group  in  the  North  Pacific  Ocean,  to  the  meridian  of  193 
degrees  west  longitude,  so  as  to  include  in  the  territory  conveyed  the  whole  of 
the  Aleutian  Islands  east  of  that  meridian. 

Article  II.  —  In  the  cession  of  territory  and  dominion  made  by  the  preceding 
article  are  included  the  right  of  property  in  all  public  lots  and  squares,  vacant 
lands,  and  all  public  buildings,  fortifications,  barracks,  and  other  edifices  which  are 
not  private  individual  property.  It  is,  however,  understood  and  agreed  that  the 
churches  which  have  been  built  in  the  ceded  territory  by  the  Russian  government 
shall  remain  the  property  of  such  members  of  the  Greek  Oriental  Church  resident 
in  the  territory  as  may  choose  to  worship  therein.  Any  government  archives, 
papers,  and  documents  relative  to  the  territory  and  dominion  aforesaid,  which  may 
be  now  existing  there,  will  be  left  in  the  possession  of  the  agent  of  the  United 
States  ;  but  an  authenticated  copy  of  such  of  them  as  may  be  required,  will  be, 
at  all  times,  given  by  the  United  States  to  the  Russian  government,  or  to  such 
Russian  officers  or  subjects  as  they  may  apply  for. 

Article  III.  —  The  inhabitants  of  the  ceded  territory,  according  to  their  choice, 
reserving  their  natural  allegiance,  may  return  to  Russia  within  three  yean  ;  but 
if  they  should  prefer  to  remain  in  the  ceded  territory,  they,  with  the  exception  of 
uncivilized  native  tribes,  fhall  be  admitted  to  the  enjoyment  of  all  the  rights,  : ad- 
vantages, and  immunities  of  citizens  of  the  United  States,  and  shall  be  main- 
tained and  protected  in  the  free  enjoyment  of  their  liberty,  property,  and  religion. 
The  uncivilized  tribes  will  be  subject  to  such  laws  and  regulations  as  the  I  nited 
States  may,  from  time  to  time,  adopt  in  regard  to  aboriginal  tribes  of  that  country. 

Article  IV.  —  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias  shall  appoint,  with 
convenient  dispatch,  an  agent  or  agents  for  the  purpose  of  formally  delivering  to 
a  similar  agent  or  agents  appointed  on  behalf  of  the  United  States,  the  territory, 
dominion,  property,  dependencies,  and  appurtenances  which  are  ceded  as  above, 
and  for  doing  any  other  act  which  may  be  necessary  in  regard  thereto.  But  the 
cession,  with  the  right  of  immediate  possession,  is  nevertheless  to  be  deemed  com- 
plete and  absolute  on  the  exchange  of  ratifications,  without  waiting  for  such  for- 
mal delivery. 

Article  V.  —  Immediately  after  the  exchange  of  the  ratifications  of  this  con- 
vention, any  fortifications  or  military  posts  which  may  be  in  the  ceded  territory 
shall  be  delivered  to  the  agent  of  the  United  States,  and  any  Russian  troops  which 
may  be  in  the  territory  shall  be  withdrawn  as  soon  as  may  be  reasonably  and  con- 
veniently practicable. 

Article  VI.  —  In  consideration  of  the  cession  aforesaid,  the  United  States 
agree  to  pay  at  the  treasury  in  Washington,  within  ten  months  after  the  exchange 
of  the  ratifications  of  this  convention,  to  the  diplomatic  representative  or  other 
agent  of  his  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias,  duly  authorized  to  receive 
the  same,  seven  million  two  hundred  thousand  dollars  in  gold.  The  cession  of 
territory  and  dominion  herein  made  is   hereby  declared  to   be  free  and  unin- 


THE  CHINESE  TREATY.  603 

cumbered  by  any  reservations,  privileges,  franchises,  grants,  or  possessions,  by  any 
associated  companies,  whether  corporate  or  incorporate,  Russian  or  any  other,  or 
by  any  parties,  except  merely  private  individual  property-holders;  and  the  cession 
hereby  made  conveys  all  the  rights,  franchises,  and  privileges  now  belonging  to 
Russia  in  the  said  territory  or  dominion,  and  appurtenances  thereto. 

Article  VII.  —  When  this  convention  shall  have  been  duly  ratified  by  the 
President  of  the  United  States,  by  and  with  the  advice  and  consent  of  the  Senate, 
on  the  one  part,  and  on  the  other  by  his  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias] 
the  ratifications  shall  be  exchanged  at  Washington  within  three  months  from  the 
date  hereof,  or  sooner,  if  possible. 

In  faith  whereof,  the  respective  plenipotentiaries  have  signed  this  convention, 
and  thereto  affixed  the  seals  of  their  arms. 

Done  at  Washington,  the  30th  day  of  March,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  one 
thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-seven. 

[l-  s.]  WILLIAM  H.  SEWARD. 

[l.  s.]  EDOUARD  DE  STOECKL. 

TREATY  WITH   CHINA,  1868.1 

Article  I.  —  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  China,  being  of  the  opinion  that,  in 
making  concessions  to  the  citizens  or  subjects  of  foreign  powers  of  the  privilege  of 
residing  on  certain  tracts  of  land,  or  resorting  to  certain  waters  of  that  empire  for 
purposes  of  trade,  he  has  by  no  means  relinquished  his  right  of  eminent  domain  or 
dominion  over  the  said  land  and  waters,  hereby  agrees  that  no  such  concession  or 
grant  shall  be  conslrued  to  give  to  any  power  or  party  which  may  be  at  war  with 
or  hostile  to  the  United  States  the  right  to  attack  the  citizens  of  the  United  States 
or  their  property  within  the  said  lands  or  waters.  And  the  United  States,  for 
themselves,  hereby  agree  to  abstain  from  offensively  attacking  the  citizens  or  sub- 
jects of  any  power  or  party  or  their  property  with  which  they  may  be  at  war  on 
any  such  tract  of  land  or  waters  of  the  said  empire.  But  nothing  in  this  article 
shall  be  construed  to  prevent  the  United  States  from  resisting  an  attack  by  any 
hostile  power  or  party  upon  their  citizens  or  their  property.  It  is  further  agreed 
that  if  any  right  or  interest  in  any  tract  of  land  in  China  has  been  or  shall  here- 
after be  granted  by  the  Government  of  China  to  the  United  States  or  their  citi- 
zens for  purposes  of  trade  or  commerce,  that  grant  shall  in  no  event  be  construed 
to  divest  the  Cliinese  authorities  of  their  right  of  jurisdiction  over  persons  and 
property  within  said  tract  of  land,  except  so  far  as  that  right  may  have  been  ex- 
pressly relinquished  by  treaty. 

Article  II.  —  The  United  States  of  America  and  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  of 
China,  believing  that  the  safety  and  prosperity  of  commerce  will  thereby  best  be 
promoted,  agree  that  any  privilege  or  immunity  in  respect  to  trade  or  navigation 
within  the  Chinese  dominions  which  may  not  have  been  stipulated  for  by  treaty, 
shall  be  subject  to  the  discretion  of  the  Chinese  Government,  and  may  be  regulated 
by  it  accordingly,  but  not  in  a  manner  or  spirit  incompatible  with  the  treaty  stipu- 
lations of  the  parties. 

Article  III.  —  The  Emperor  of  China  shall  have  the  right  to  appoint  Consuls 
at  ports  of  the  United  States,  who  shall  enjoy  the  same  privileges  and  immunities 
as  those  which  are  enjoyed  by  public  law  and  treaty  in  the  United  States  by  the 
Consuls  of  Great  Britain  and  Russia,  or  either  of  them. 

Article  IV.  —  The  29th  article  of  the  treaty  of  the  18th  of  June,  1858,  having 
stipulated  for  the  exemption  of  Christian  citizens  of  the  United  States  and  Chinese 
converts  from  persecutions  in  China  on  account  of  their  faith,  it  is  further  agreed 
that  citizens  of  the  United  States  in  China  of  every  religious  persuasion,  and  Chi- 
nese subjects  in  the  United  States,  shall  enjoy  entire  liberty  of  conscience,  and 

»  The  Treaty  between  the  United  States  and  China,  concluded  July  28,  1868 ;  ratifications  exchanged  at 
Peking,  November  23,  1869,  additional  to  Treaty  oi  1858. 


604  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

shall  be  exempt  from  all  disability  or  persecution  on  account  of  their  religious 
faith  or  worship  in  either  country.  Cemeteries  for  sepulture  of  the  dead,  of  what- 
ever nativity  or  nationality,  shall  be  held  in  respect  and  free  from  disturbance  or 
profanation. 

Article  V. — The  United  States  of  America  and  the  Emperor  of  China  cordially 
recognize  the  inherent  and  inalienable  right  of  man  to  change  his  home  and  allegi- 
ance, and  also  the  mutual  advantage  of  the  free  migration  and  emigration  of 
their  citizens  and  subjects  respectively  from  the  one  country  to  the  other  for  pur- 
poses of  curiosity,  of  trade,  or  as  permanent  residents.  The  high  contracting 
parties  therefore  join  in  reprobating  any  other  than  an  entirely  voluntary  emigra- 
tion for  these  purposes.  They  consequently  agree  to  pass  laws  making  it  a  penal 
offence  for  a  citizen  of  the  United  States  or  Chinese  subjects  to  take  Chinese  sub- 
jects either  to  the  United  States,  or  to  any  other  foreign  country,  or  for  a  Chinese 
subject  or  citizen  of  the  United  States  to  take  citizens  of  the  United  States  to 
China  or  to  any  other  foreign  country  without  their  free  and  voluntary  consent, 
respectively. 

Article  VI.  —  Citizens  of  the  United  States  visiting  or  residing  in  China  shall 
enjoy  the  same  privileges,  immunities  or  exemptions  in  respect  to  travel  or  resi- 
dence as  may  there  be  enjoyed  by  the  citizens  or  subjects  of  the  most  favored 
nation;  and  reciprocally,  Chinese  subjects  visiting  or  residing  in  the  United  States 
shall  enjoy  the  same  privileges,  immunities,  and  exemptions  in  respect  to  travel  or 
residence  as  may  there  be  enjoyed  by  the  citizens  or  subjects  of  the  most  favored 
nation.  But  nothing  herein  contained  shall  be  held  to  confer  naturalization  upon 
citizens  of  the  United  States  in  China,  nor  upon  the  subjects  of  China  in  the  United 
States. 

Article  VII.  —  Citizens  of  the  United  States  shall  enjoy  all'the  privileges  of  the 
puhlic  educational  institutions  under  the  control  of  the  government  of  China;  and, 
reciprocally,  Chinese  subjects  shall  enjoy  all  the  privileges  of  the  public  educa- 
tional institutions  under  the  control  of  the  government  of  the  United  States,  which 
are  enjoyed  in  the  respective  countries  by  the  citizens  or  subjects  of  the  most 
favored  nation.  The  citizens  of  the  United  States  may  freely  establish  and  main- 
tain schools  within  the  Empire  of  China  at  those  places  where  foreigners  are  by 
treaty  permitted  to  reside ;  and  reciprocally,  Chinese  subjects  may  enjoy  the  same 
privileges  and  immunities  in  the  United  States. 

Article  VIII.  —  The  United  States,  always  disclaiming  and  discouraging  all 
practices  of  unnecessary  dictation  and  intervention  by  one  nation  in  the  affairs  or 
domestic  administration  of  another,  do  hereby  freely  disclaim  and  disavow  any  in- 
tention or  right  to  intervene  in  the  domestic  administration  of  China  in  regard  to 
the  construction  of  railroads,  telegraphs,  or  other  material  internal  improvements. 
On  the  other  hand,  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  China  reserves  to  himself  the 
right  to  decide  the  time  and  manner  and  circumstances  of  introducing  such  im- 
provements within  his  dominions.  With  this  mutual  understanding,  it  is  agreed  by 
the  contracting  parties  that  if  at  any  time  hereafter  His  Imperial  Majesty  shall  de- 
termine to  construct  or  cause  to  be  constructed  works  of  the  character  mentioned, 
within  the  empire,  and  shall  make  application  to  the  United  States  or  any  other 
western  power  for  facilities  to  carry  out  that  policy,  the  United  States  will,  in  that 
case,  designate  and  authorize  suitable  engineers  to  be  employed  by  the  Chinese 
Government,  and  will  recommend  to  other  nations  an  equal  compliance  with  such 
application,  the  Chinese  Government  in  that  case  protecting  such  engineers  in  their 
persons  and  property  and  paying  them  a  reasonable  compensation  for  their  serv- 


THE  LNTEKOCEANIC   CANAL.  605 

THE  TREATY  OF  DARIEN.1 

Mr.  Seward  began  his  diplomatic  career  by  effecting  a  treaty  for  the  suppres- 
sion of  the  slave  trade.  He  sought  to  crown  his  work  by  negotiating  a  treaty  to 
secure  an  Interoceanic  Canal  at  the  Isthmus  of  Darien.  Such  a  treaty  was,  through 
his  efforts,  perfected.  The  Senate  refused  to  confirm  it,  for  reasons,  Secretary 
Evarts  declared,  unknown  to  him. 

A  report  made  to  Congress  by  the  Secretary  of  State  (Mr.  Evarts)  contains  the 
treaty  or  convention  as  submitted  to  the  Senate,  February  16,  180'J,  one  month 
after  it  was  signed  at  Bogota  and  fifteen  days  before  Mr.  Seward  retired  from 
office.  Secretary  Evarts  in  his  report  presents  a  history  of  ineffectual  attempts 
made  at  various  times  to  obtain  a  treaty  from  different  Central  American  states, 
under  which  a  canal  might  be  built.  Among  other  important  matter  presented  in 
this  interesting  report  are  Secretary  Seward's  "  Instructions."  An  extract  touch- 
ing a  point  of  present  interest  is  given  below:  — 

The  Colombian  commissioners  seem  to  suppose  that  the  United  States  of  Amer- 
ica stand  not  only  well  disposed  but  fully  prepared  and  impatient  to  commence, 
prosecute,  and  complete  the  projected  ship-canal  by  a  direct  application  of  execu- 
tive and  administrative  powers  and  faculties.  Frankness  on  the  part  of  the  United 
States  requires  me  to  say  that  in  regard  to  these  important  points  the  Colombian 
ministers  are  acting  under  a  grave  misapprehension.  The  territory  of  the  United 
States  is  full  of  canals  and  railroads  and  other  works  of  material  improvement. 
The  length  of  canals  in  this  country  is  measured  by  thousands  of  miles,  the  length 
of  our  railroads  by  tens  of  thousands  of  miles.  Nevertheless  there  is  not,  and 
there  never  was,  within  the  territory  of  the  United  States  of  America  one  mile  of 
railroad  or  canal  which  was  directly  constructed  by  the  government  of  the  United 
States  of  America,  or  over  which  the  United  States  of  America  exercises  directly 
rights  of  property  or  control. 

The  United  States  construct  only  fortifications  and  other  works  of  military 
strategy  or  defense,  and  navy-yards,  light-houses,  custom-houses,  and  the  like. 
Every  work  of  internal  improvement  in  the  United  States  has  been  made  either  by 
states  or  by  corporate  companies  or  by  private  individuals.  The  government  of 
Colombia  is  .familiarly  acquainted  with  the  Panama  Railroad,  which  was  made  and 
is  owned  by  a  corporate  company  of  the  United  States  of  America,  and  enjoys  only 
the  recognition,  sanction,  and  protection  of  the  government  of  the  United  States. 

Even  the  Pacific  Railroad,  which,  although  incomplete,  nevertheless  stretches 
near  halfway  across  the  continent  at  its  widest  part,  was  begun  and  has  been  thus 
far  prosecuted,  and  will  be  prosecuted  to  the  end,  by  corporate  companies  so  en- 
couraged and  patronized  by  the  government. 

Precisely  the  same  course  of  proceeding  is  contemplated  by  the  present  conven- 
tion in  regard  to  the  Darien  Ship-Canal.  It  is  believed  that  no  other  mode  of 
proceeding  in  regard  to  the  construction  of  the  proposed  canal  could  secure  the 
assent  or  approbation  of  the  Congress  of  the  United  States.  It  would  be  easy  to 
show  that  this  indirect  mode  of  proceeding  would  tend  greatly  to  the  security  and 
advantage  of  the  United  States  of  Colombia.  On  the  other  hand,  I  am  unable  to 
conceive  of  any  proceeding  that  could  be  more  perilous  to  the  United  States  of 
Colombia  than  that  one  should  allow  a  stronger  government  like  that  of  the  United 
States  to  becoma  directly  the  proprietor  or  conductor  of  a  ship-canal  with  free 
ports  at  its  termini  on  the  two  oceans. 

If,  contrary  to  these  views  of  the  case,  the  Colombian  Government  shall  continue 
to  regard  with  disfavor  the  construction  of  the  canal  by  a  company  or  associations 
under  the  laws  of  the  United  States,  and  with  their  sanction,  then  the  present 
negotiation  may  be  immediately  brought  to  an  end. 

I  trust,  however,  that  the  practical  view  which  I  have  suggested  will  be  accepted 
by  the  United  States  of  Colombia,  and  that  they  will  not  insist  upon  their  pro- 
posed amendment,  which  denies  to  the  United  States  Government  the  privilege  of 
devolving  the  work  of  constructing  the  canal  upon  individuals  or  upon  a  corporated 
company. 

*  See  p.  589.    Speech  at  Peter  Cooper's. 


606  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

REINFORCEMENT  OF  FORT  SUMTER. 

A  Cabinet  Paper.- 

Department  of  State, 
Washington,  March  15,  1861. 

The  President  submits  to  me  the  following  question  :  "  Assuming-  it  to  be  pos- 
sible to  now  provision  Fort  Sumter,  under  all  the  circumstances,  is  it  wise  to  at- 
tempt it  ?  " 

If  it  were  possible  to  peacefully  provision  Fort  Sumter,  of  course  I  should 
answer  that  it  would  be  both  unwise  and  inhuman  not  to  attempt  it.  But  the 
facts  of  the  case  are  known  to  be  that  the  attempt  must  be  made  with  the  employ- 
ment of  a  military  and  marine  force  which  would  provoke  combat  and  probably 
initiate  a  civil  war,  which  the  Government  of  the  United  States  would  be  committed 
to  maintain  through  all  changes  to  some  definitive  conclusion. 

History  must  record  that  a  sectional  party,  practically  constituting  a  majority  of 
the  people  of  the  fifteen  slave  states,  excited  to  a  high  state  of  jealous  apprehen- 
sion for  the  safety  of  life  and  property  by  impassioned  though  groundless  appeals, 
went  into  the  late  election  with' a  predetermined  purpose,  if  unsuccessful  at  the 
polls,  to  raise  the  standard  of  secession  immediately  afterwards,  and  to  separate  the 
slave  states,  or  so  many  of  them  as  could  be  detached  from  the  Union,  and  to  or- 
ganize them  in  a  new,  distinct,  and  independent  confederacy.  That  party  was 
unsuccessful  at  the  polls. 

In  the  frenzy  which  followed  the  announcement  of  their  defeat,  they  put  the 
machinery  of  the  state  legislatures  and  conventions  into  motion,  and  within  the 
period  of  three  months  they  have  succeeded  in  obtaining  ordinances  of  secession  by 
which  seven  of  the  slave  states  have  seceded  and  organized  a  new  confederacy 
under  the  name  of  the  "  Confederate  States  of  America." 

These  states,  finding  a  large  number  of  the  mints,  custom  houses,  forts,  and  arse- 
nals of  the  United  States  situated  within  their  limits,  unoccupied,  undefended,  and 
virtually  abandoned  by  the  late  administration,  have  seized  and  appropriated  them 
to  their  own  use,  and  under  the  same  circumstances  have  seized  and  appropriated 
to  their  own  use  large  amounts  of  money  and  other  public  property  of  the  United 
States  found  within  their  limits.  The  people  of  the  other  slave  states,  divided 
and  balancing  between  sympathy  with  the  seceding  slave  states  and  loyalty  to  the 
Union,  have  been  intensely  excited,  but  at  the  present  moment  indicate  a  dispo- 
sition to  adhere  to  the  Union  if  nothing  extraordinary  shall  occur  to  renew  ex- 
citement and  produce  popular  exasperation.  This  is  the  stage  in  this  premedi- 
tated revolution  at  which  we  now  stand. 

The  opening  of  this  painful  controversy  at  once  raised  the  question,  whether  it 
would  be  for  the  interest  of  the  country  to  admit  the  projected  dismemberment 
with  its  consequent  evils,  or  whether  patriotism  and  humanity  require  that  it  shall 
be  prevented. 

As  a  citizen,  my  own  decision  on  this  subject  was  promptly  made,  namely,  that 
the  Union  is  inestimable  and  even  indispensable  to  the  welfare  and  happiness  of 
the  whole  country  and  to  the  best  interests  of  mankind.  As  a  statesman  in  the 
public  service,  I  have  not  hesitated  to  assume  that  the  Federal  government  is  com- 
mitted to  maintain,  preserve,  and  defend  the  Union,  peacefully  if  it  can,  forcibly  if 
it  must,  to  every  extremity. 

Next  to  disunion  itself,  I  regard  civil  war  as  the  most  disastrous  and  deplorable 
of  national  calamities,  and  as  the  most  uncertain  and  fearful  of  all  remedies  for 
political  disorders.  I  have,  therefore,  made  it  the  study  and  labor  of  the  hour 
how  to  save  the  Union  from  dismemberment  by  peaceful  policy  and  without  civil 
war. 

Influenced  by  these  sentiments,  I  have  felt  that  it  is  exceedingly  fortunate  that, 
to  a  great  extent,  the  Federal  government  occupies  thus  far  not  an  aggressive  atti- 
tude, but  practically  a  defensive  one,  while  the  necessity  for  action,  if  civil  war  is 
to  be  initiated,  falls  on  those  who  seek  to  dismember  and  to  subvert  the  Union. 


REINFORCEMENT   OF   FORT   SUMTER.  607 

It  has  seemed  to  me  equally  fortunate  that  the  disunionists  are  absolutely  with- 
out any  justification  for  their  rash  and  desperate  designs.  The  administration  of 
the  government  had  been  for  a  long  time  virtually  in  their  own  hands,  and  con- 
trolled and  directed  by  themselves,  when  they  began  the  work  of  revolution. 

They  had,  therefore,  no  other  excuse  than  apprehensions  of  oppression  from  the 
new  and  adverse  administration  which  was  about  to  come  into  power. 

It  seemed  to  me,  farther,  to  be  a  matter  of  good  fortune  that  the  new  and  ad- 
verse administration  must  come  in  with  both  Houses  of  Congress  containing  major- 
ities opposed  to  its  policy,  so  that,  even  if  it  would,  it  could  commit  no  wron°-  or 
injustice  against  the  states  which  were  being  madly  goaded  into  revolution. 
Under  these  circumstances,  disunion  could  have  no  better  basis  to  stand  upon  than 
a  blind,  unreasoning,  popular  excitement,  arising  out  of  a  simple  and  harmless  dis- 
appointment in  a  Presidential  election  ;  that  excitement,  if  it  should  find  no  new  ma- 
terial, must  soon  subside  and  leave  disunion  without  any  real  support.  On  the  other 
hand,  I  have  believed  firmly  that  everywhere,  even  in  South  Carolina,  devotion  to 
the  Union  is  a  profound  and  permanent  national  sentiment,  which,  although  it  may 
be  suppressed  and  silenced  by  terror  for  a  time,  could,  if  encouraged,  be  ultimately 
relied  upon  to  rally  the  people  of  the  seceding  states  to  reverse,  upon  due  delibera- 
tion, all  the  popular  acts  of  legislatures  and  conventions  by  which  they  were  hastily 
and  violently  committed  to  disunion. 

The  policy  of  the  time,  therefore,  has  seemed  to  me  to  consist  in  conciliation, 
which  should  deny  to  disunionists  any  new  provocation  or  apparent  offence,  while 
it  would  enable  the  Unionists  in  the  slave  states  to  maintain  with  truth  and  with 
effect  that  the  alarms  and  apprehensions  put  forth  by  the  disunionists  are  ground- 
less and  false. 

I  have  not  been  ignorant  of  the  objections  that  the  administration  was  elected 
through  the  activity  of  the  republican  party  ;  that  it  must  continue  to  deserve  and 
retain  the  confidence  of  that  party;  while  conciliation  towards  the  slave  states 
tends  to  demoralize  the  republican  party  itself,  on  which  party  the  main  responsi- 
bility of  maintaining  the  Union  must  rest. 

But  it  has  seemed  to  me  a  sufficient  answer  first,  that  the  administration  could 
not  demoralize  the  republican  party  without  making  some  sacrifice  of  its  essential 
principles,  while  no  such  sacrifice  is  necessary,  or  is  anywhere  authoritatively  pro- 
posed; and  secondly,  if  it  be  indeed  true  that  pacification  is  necessary  to  prevent 
dismemberment  of  the  Union  and  civil  war,  or  either  of  them,  no  patriot  and  lover 
of  humanity  could  hesitate  to  surrender  party  for  the  higher  interests  of  country 
and  humanity. 

Partly  by  design,  partly  by  chance,  this  policy  has  been  hitherto  pursued  by  the 
late  administration  of  the  Federal  government,  and  by  the  republican  party  in  its 
corporate  action.  It  is  by  this  policy,  thus  pursued,  I  think,  that  the  progress  of 
dismemberment  has  been  arrested  after  the  seven  Gulf  States  had  seceded,  and  the 
border  states  yet  remain,  although  they  do  so  uneasily,  in  the  Union. 

It  is  to  a  perseverance  in  this  policy  for  a  short  time  longer  that  I  look  as  thte 
only  peaceful  means  of  assuring  tha  continuance  of  Virginia,  Maryland,  North  Car- 
olina, Kentucky,  Tennessee,  Missouri,  and  Arkansas,  or  most  of  those  states  in  the 
Union.  It  is  through  their  good  and  patriotic  offices  that  I  look  to  see  the  Union 
sentiment  revived  and  brought  once  more  into  activity  in  the  seceding  states,  and 
through  this  agency  those  states  themselves  returning  into  the  Union. 

I  am  not  unaware  that  I  am  conceding  more  than  can  reasonably  be  demanded 
by  the  people  of  the  border  states.  They  could,  speaking  justly,  demand  nothing. 
They  are  bound  by  the  Federal  obligation  to  adhere  to  the  Union  without  conces- 
sion or  conciliation,  just  as  much  as  the  people  of  the  free  states  are.  But  in  ad- 
ministration we  must  deal  with  men,  facts,  and  circumstances,  not  as  they  ought  to 
be,  but  as  they  are. 

The  fact  then  is  that  while  the  people  of  the  border  states  desire  to  be  loyal, 
they  are  at  the  same  time  sadly,  though  temporarily,  demoralized  by  a  sympathy 
for  the  slave  states,  which  makes  them  forget  their  loyalty  whenever  there  are  any 
grounds  for  apprehending  that  the  Federal  government  will  resort  to  mihtary  coer- 


608  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

cion  against  the  seceding  states,  even  though  such  coercion  should  be  necessary  to 
maintain  the  authority,  or  even  the  integrity,  of  the  Union.  This  sympathy  is  un- 
reasonable, unwise,  and  dangerous,  and  therefore  cannot,  if  left  undisturbed,  be 
permanent.  It  can  be  banished,  however,  only  in  one  way,  and  that  is  by  giving 
time  for  it  to  wear  out,  and  for  reason  to  resume  its  sway.  Time  will  do  this,  if  it 
be  not  hindered  by  new  alarms  and  provocations. 

South  Carolina  opened  the  revolution.  Apprehending  chastisement  by  the  mili- 
tary arm  of  the  United  States,  she  seized  all  the  forts  of  the  United  States  in  the 
harbor  of  Charleston,  except  Fort  Sumter,  which,  garrisoned  by  less  than  one 
hundred  men,  stands  practically  in  a  state  of  siege,  but  at  the  same  time  defying 
South  Carolina,  and,  as  the  seceding  states  imagine,  menacing  her  with  con- 
quest. 

Every  one  knows  first,  that  even  if  Sumter  were  adequately  reinforced,  it  would 
still  be  practically  useless  to  the  government,  because  the  administration  in  no  case 
could  attempt  to  subjugate  Charleston,  or  the  State  of  South  Carolina.1 

It  is  held  now  because  it  is  the  property  of  the  United  States,  and  is  a  monument 
of  their  authority  and  sovereignty.  I  would  so  continue  to  hold  it  so  long  as  it  can 
be  done  without  involving  some  danger  or  evil  greater  than  the  advantage  of  con- 
tinued possession.  The  highest  military  authority  tells  us  that  without  supplies  the 
garrison  must  yield  in  a  few  days  to  starvation  —  that  its  numbers  are  so  small 
that  it  must  yield  in  a  few  days  to  attack  by  the  assailants  now  lying  around  it,  — 
and  that  the  case  in  this  respect  would  remain  the  same  even  if  it  were  supplied, 
but  not  reinforced.  All  the  military  and  naval  authorities  tell  vis  that  any  attempt 
at  supplies  would  be  unavailing  without  the  employment  of  armed  military  and 
naval  force.  If  we  employ  armed  force  for  the  purpose  of  supplying  the  fort,  we 
give  all  the  provocation  that  could  be  offered  by  combining  reinforcement  with 
supply. 

The  question  submitted  to  us  then  practically  is  :  Supposing  it  to  be  possible  to 
reinforce  and  supply  Fort  Sumter,  is  it  wise  now  to  attempt  it,  instead  of  with- 
drawing the  garrison? 

The  most  that  could  be  done  by  any  means  now  in  our  hands  would  be  to 
throw  two  hundred  and  fifty  to  four  hundred  men  into  the  garrison  with  p revisions 
for  supplying  it  five  or  six  months.  In  this  active  and  enlightened  country,  in  this 
season  of  excitement,  with  a  daily  press,  daily  mails,  and  an  incessantly  operating 
telegraph,  the  design  to  reinforce  and  supply  the  garrison  must  become  known  to 
the  opposite  party  at  Charleston  as  soon  at  least  as  preparation  for  it  should  begin. 
The  garrison  would  then  almost  certainly  fall  by  assault  before  the  expedition 
could  reach  the  harbor  of  Charleston.  But  supposing  the  secret  kept,  the  expedi- 
tion must  engage  in  conflict  on  entering  the  harbor  of  Charleston;  suppose  it  to  be 
overpowered  and  destroyed,  is  that  new  outrage  to  be  avenged,  or  are  we  then  to 
return  to  our  attitude  of  immobility  ?  Should  we  be  allowed  to  do  so  ?  Moreover, 
in  that  event,  what  becomes  of  the  garrison  ? 

♦  I  suppose  the  expedition  successful.  We  have  then  a  garrison  in  Fort  Sumter 
that  can  defy  assault  for  six  months.  What  is  it  to  do  then  ?  Is  it  to  make  war 
by  opening  its  batteries  and  attempting  to  demolish  the  defences  of  the  Carolin- 
ians ?  Can  it  demolish  them  if  it  tries  ?  If  it  cannot,  what  is  the  advantage  we 
shall  have  gained  ?     If  it  can,  how  will  it  serve  to  check  or  prevent  disunion  ? 

In  either  case  it  seems  to  me  that  we  will  have  inaugurated  a  civil  war  by  our 
own  act,  without  an  adequate  object,  after  which  reunion  will  be  hopeless,  at  least 
under  this  administration,  or  in  any  other  way  than  by  a  popular  disavowal  both  of 
the  war  and  of  the  administration  which  unnecessarily  commenced  it.  Fraternity 
is  the  element  of  union  —  war  is  the  very  element  of  disunion.  Fraternity,  if  prac- 
tised by  this  administration,  will  rescue  the  Union  from  all  its  dangers.  If  this 
administration,  on  the  other  hand,  take  up  the  sword,  then  an  opposite  party  will 
offer  the  olive  branch,  and  will,  as  it  ought,  profit  by  the  restoration  of  peace  and 


>  See  ante,  p.  519. 


GOV.   HICKS. — MEDIATION.  609 

I  may  be  asked  whether  I  would  in  no  case,  and  at  no  time,  advise  force 

whether  I  purpose  to  give  up  everything.  I  reply  —  No,  I  would  not  initiate  war 
to  regain  a  useless  and  unnecessary  position  on  the  soil  of  the  seceding  states.  I 
woidd  not  provoke  war  in  any  way  now.  I  would  resort  to  force  to  protect  the 
collection  of  the  revenue,  because  that  is  a  necessary  as  well  as  legitimate  public 
object.  Even  then  it  should  be  only  a  naval  force  that  I  would  employ  for  that 
necessary  purpose,  while  I  would  defer  military  action  on  land  until  a  case  should 
arise  where  we  would  hold  the  defensive.  In  tliat  case  we  should  have  the  spirit 
of  the  country  and  the  approval  of  mankind  on  our  side.  In  the  other,  we  should 
peril  peace  and  union,  because  we  had  not  the  courage  to  practise  prudence  and 
moderation  at  the  cost  of  temporary  misapprehension.  If  this  counsel  seem  to  be 
impassive  and  even  unpatriotic,  I  console  myself  by  the  reflection  that  it  is  such  as 
Chatham  gave  to  his  country  under  circumstances  not  widely  different. 


MEDIATION  PROPOSED. 

Department  of  State, 

April  22,  1861. 
His  Excellency  Thos.  H.  Hicks,  Governor  oj  Maryland : 

Sir  :  I  have  had  the  honor  to  receive  your  communication  of  this  morning,  in 
which  you  inform  me  that  you  have  felt  it  to  be  your  duty  to  advise  the  President 
of  the  United  States  to  order  elsewhere  the  troops  then  off  Annapolis,  and  also 
that  no  more  may  be  sent  through  Maryland  ;  and  that  you  have  further  suggested 
that  Lord  Lyons  be  requested  to  act  as  mediator  between  the  contending  parties  in 
our  country  to  prevent  the  effusion  of  blood. 

The  President  directs  me  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  that  communication, 
and  to  assure  you  that  he  has  weighed  the  counsels  which  it  contains  with  the  re- 
spect which  he  habitually  cherishes  for  the  Chief  Magistrates  of  the  several  states, 
and  especially  for  yourself.  He  regrets,  as  deeply  as  any  magistrate  or  citizen  of 
the  country  can,  that  demonstrations  against  the  safety  of  the  United  States,  with 
very  extensive  preparations  for  the  effusion  of  blood,  have  made  it  his  duty  to  call 
out  the  force  to  which  you  allude. 

The  force  now  sought  to  be  brought  through  Maryland  is  intended  for  nothing 
but  the  defence  of  this  capital.  The  President  has  necessarily  confided  the  choice 
of  the  national  highway  which  that  force  shall  take  in  coming  to  this  city  to  the 
Lieutenant-General  commanding  the  Army  of  the  United  States,  who,  like  his  only 
predecessor,  is  not  less  distinguished  for  his  humanity,  than  for  his  loyalty,  patriot- 
ism, and  distinguished  public  service. 

The  President  instructs  me  to  add,  that  the  national  highway  thus  selected  by 
the  Lieutenant-General,  has  been  chosen  by  him,  upon  consultation  with  prominent 
magistrates  and  citizens  of  Maryland,  as  the  one  which,  while  a  route  is  absolutely 
necessary,  is  farthest  removed  from  the  populous  cities  of  the  State,  and  with  the 
expectation  that  it  would  therefore  be  the  least  objectionable  one. 

The  President  cannot  but  remember  that  there  has  been  a  time  in  the  history  of 
our  country  when  a  General  of  the  American  Union,  with  forces  designed  for  the 
defence  of  its  capital,  was  not  unwelcome  anywhere  in  the  State  of  Maryland,  and 
certainly  not  at  Annapolis,  then,  as  now,  the  capital  of  that  patriotic  state,  and 
then,  also,  one  of  the  capitals  of  the  Union. 

If  eighty  years  could  have  obliterated  all  the  other  noble  sentiments  of  that  age 
in  Maryland,  the  President  would  be  hopefid,  nevertheless,  that  there  is  one  that 
would  forever  remain  there  and  everywhere.  That  sentiment  is  that  no  domestic 
contention  whatever,  that  may  arise  among  the  parties  of  this  Republic,  ought  in 
any  case  to  be  referred  to  any  foreign  arbitrament,  least  of  all  to  the  arbitrament 
of  an  European  monarchy. 
39 


610  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

REBEL  EMISSARIES. 

Memorandum. 

March  15,  18G1. 
Mr.  John  Forsyth,  of  the  State  of  Alabama,  and  Mr.  Martin  J.  Crawford,  of 
the  State  of  Georgia,  on  the  11th  inst.,  through  the  kind  offices  of  a  distinguished 
Senator,  submitted  to  the  Secretary  of  State  their  desire  for  an  unofficial  interview. 
This  request  was,  on  the  12th  inst.,  upon  exclusively  public  consideration,  respect- 
fully declined. 

On  the  13th  inst.,  while  the  Secretary  was  preoccupied,  Mr.  A.  D.  Banks,  of 
Virginia,  called  at  this  Department,  and  was  received  by  the  Assistant-Secretary, 
to  whom  he  delivered  a  sealed  communication,  which  he  had  been  charged  by 
Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford  to  present  to  the  Secretary  in  person. 

In  that  communication  Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford  inform  the  Secretary  of 
State  that  they  have  been  duly  accredited  by  the  Government  of  the  Confederate 
States  of  America  as  Commissioners  to  the  Government  of  the  United  States,  and 
they  set  forth  the  objects  of  their  attendance  at  Washington.  They  observe  that 
seven  states  of  the  American  Union,  in  the  exercise  of  a  right  inherent  in  every 
free  people,  have  withdrawn,  through  conventions  of  their  people,  from  the  United 
States,  reassumed  the  attributes  of  sovereign  power,  and  formed  a  government  of 
their  own,  and  that  those  Confederate  States  now  constitute  an  independent  nation 
de  facto  and  de  jure,  and  possess  a  government  perfect  in  all  its  parts,  and  fully 
endowed  with  all  the  means  of  self-support. 

Messrs.  iorsyth  and  Crawford,  in  their  aforesaid  communication,  thereupon  pro- 
ceeded to  inform  the  Secretary  that,  with  a  view  to  a  speedy  adjustment  of  all 
questions  growing  out  of  the  political  separation  thus  assumed,  upon  such  terms  of 
amity  and  good  will  as  the  respective  interests,  geographical  contiguity,  and  the 
future  welfare  of  the  supposed  two  nations  might  render  necessary,  they  are  in- 
structed to  make  to  the  Government  of  the  United  States,  overtures  for  the  open- 
ing of  negotiations,  assuring  this  government  that  the  President,  Congress,  and 
people  of  the  Confederate  States  earnestly  desire  a  peaceful  solution  of  these 
great  questions,  and  that  it  is  neither  their  interest  nor  their  wish  to  make  any  de- 
mand which  is  not  founded  in  strictest  justice,  nor  do  any  act  to  injure  their  late 
confederates. 

After  making  these  statements,  Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford  close  their  com- 
munication, as  they  say,  in  obedience  to  the  instructions  of  their  government,  by 
requesting  the  Secretary  of  State  to  appoint  as  early  a  day  as  possible,  in  order 
that  they  may  present  to  the  President  of  the  United  States  the  credentials  which 
they  bear,  and  the  objects  of  the  mission  with  which  they  are  charged. 

The  Secretary  of  State  frankly  confesses  that  he  understands  the  events  which 
have  recently  occurred,  and  the  condition  of  political  affairs  which  actually  exists 
in  the  part  of  the  Union  to  which  his  attention  has  thus  been  directed,  very 
differently  from  the  aspect  in  which  they  are  presented  by  Messrs.  Forsyth  and 
Crawford.  He  sees  in  them,  not  a  rightful  and  accomplished  revolution  and  an  in- 
dependent nation,  with  an  established  government,  but  rather  a  perversion  of  a 
temporary  and  partisan  excitement  to  the  inconsid  r;ite  purposes  of  an  unjustifi- 
able and  unconstitutional  aggression  upon  the  rights  and  the  authority  vested  in 
the  Federal  Government,  and  hitherto  benignly  exercised,  as  from  their  very 
nature  they  always  must  so  be  exercised,  for  the  maintenance  of  the  Union,  the 
preservation  of  liberty,  and  the  security,  peace,  welfare,  happiness,  and  aggrandize- 
ment of  the  American  people.  The  Secretary  of  State,  therefore,  avows  to  Messrs. 
Forsyth  and  Crawford  that  he  looks  patiently  but  confidently  for  the  cure  of  evils 
which  have  resulted  from  proceedings  so  unnecessary,  so  unwise,  so  unusual,  and 
so  unnatural,  not  to  irregular  negotiations,  having  in  view  new  and  untried  re- 
lations with  agencies  unknown  to  and  acting  in  derogation  of  the  Constitution  and 
laws,  but  to  regular  and  considerate  action  of  the  people  of  those  states,  in  cooper- 
ation with  their  brethren  in  the  other  states,  through  the  Congress  of  the  United 


IMMIGRATION. —  RIGHTS  OF  ALIENS.  611 

States,  and  such  extraordinary  conventions,  if  there  shall  be  need  thereof,  as  the 
Federal  Constitution  contemplates  and  authorizes  to  be  assembled. 

It  is,  however,  the  purpose  of  the  Secretary  of  State  on  this  occasion  not  to  in- 
vite or  engage  in  any  discussion  of  these  subjects,  but  simply  to  set  forth  his  rea- 
sons for  declining  to  comply  with  the  request  of  Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford. 

On  the  4th  of  March  inst.,  the  newly-elected  President  of  the  United  States,  in 
view  of  all  the  facts  bearing  on  the  present  question,  assumed  the  executive  ad- 
ministration of  the  government,  first  delivering,  in  accordance  with  an  early, 
honored  custom,  an  Inaugural  Address  to  the  people  of  the  United  States.  The 
Secretary  of  State  respectfully  submits  a  copy  of  this  address  to  Messrs.  Forsyth 
and  Crawford. 

A  simple  reference  to  it  will  be  sufficient  to  satisfy  those  gentlemen  that  the 
Secretary  of  State,  guided  by  the  principles  therein  announced,  is  prevented  al- 
together from  admitting  or  assuming  that  the  states  referred  to  by  them  have,  in 
law  or  in  fact,  withdrawn  from  the  Federal  Union,  or  that  they  could  do  so  in  the 
manner  described  by  Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford,  or  in  any  other  manner  than 
with  the  consent  and  concert  of  the  people  of  the  United  States,  to  be  given 
through  a  National  Convention,  to  be  assembled  in  conformity  with  the  provisions 
of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  Of  course  the  Secretary  of  State  cannot 
act  upon  the  assumption,  or  in  any  way  admit,  that  the  so-called  Confederate 
States  constitute  a  foreign  Power,  with  whom  diplomatic  relations  ought  to  be 
established. 

Under  these  circumstances,  the  Secretary  of  State,  whose  official  duties  are  con- 
fined, subject  to  the  direction  of  the  President,  to  the  conducting  of  the  foreign  re- 
lations of  the  country,  and  do  not  at  all  embrace  domestic  questions,  or  questions 
arising  between  the  several  states  and  the  Federal  Government,  is  unable  to  com- 
ply with  the  request  of  Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford,  to  appoint  a  day  on  which 
they  may  present  the  evidences  of  their  authority  and  the  objects  of  their  visit  to 
the  President  of  the  United  States.  On  the  contrary,  he  is  obliged  to  state  to 
Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford  that  he  has  no  authority,  nor  is  he  at  liberty  to 
recognize  them  as  diplomatic  agents,  or  hold  correspondence  or  other  communica- 
tion with  them. 

Finally,  the  Secretary  of  State  would  observe  that,  although  he  has  supposed 
that  he  might  safely  and  with  propriety  have  adopted  these  conclusions  without 
making  any  reference  of  the  subject  to  the  Executive,  yet  so  strong  has  been  his 
desire  to  practise  entire  directness  and  to  act  in  a  spirit  of  perfect  respect  and 
candor  towards  Messrs.  Forsyth  and  Crawford,  and  that  portion  of  the  Union  in 
whose  name  they  present  themselves  before  him,  that  he  has  cheerfully  submitted 
this  paper  to  the  President,  who  coincides  generally  in  the  views  it  expresses,  and 
sanctions  the  Secretary's  decision  declining  official  intercourse  with  Messrs.  For- 
syth and  Crawford. 


IMMIGRATION-.— RIGHTS  OF  ALIENS. 

Washington,  August  14,  1862. 

Sir  :  I  have  received  your  letter  in  which  you  express  an  apprehension  of  a 
deficiency  of  labor  in  the  country,  resulting  from  our  large  military  operations; 
and  you  very  properly  speak  of  the  desirableness,  under  present  circumstances,  of 
an  increase  of  immigration.  You  observe  in  this  connection,  that  it  would  be  im- 
portant that  persons  proposing  to  emigrate  should  have  some  official  assurance  that 
they  would  not  be  required  to  perform  military  service. 

In  reply,  I  have  to  observe  that  I  some  time  ago  instructed  our  representatives 
iii  foreign  countries  to  make  known,  as  well  as  they  conveniently  can,  the  lucrative 
rewards  which  the  country  is  now  offering  to  emigrant  laborers.  I  can  hardly  sup- 
pose that  there  exists,  anywhere  in  the  world,  the  erroneous  belief  that  aliens  are 


612  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

liable  here  to  do  military  duty.     If  you  think  otherwise,  there  will  be  no  objection 
to  your  giving  any  publication  you  please  to  this  communication. 

No  it,. — Mr.  Seward,  in  a  circular  to  consuls,  issued  in  February,  1802,  called  their  attention  to  the 
toad  act,  and  desired  them  to  make  public  in  their  districts  the  various  reasons  why,  "  in  no  country 
in  the  civilized  world  are  such  opportunities  afforded,  as  in  the  United  States,  to  active,  industrious  and 
intelligent  men,  for  the  acquisition  of  abundant  means  of  support  and  comfortable  homesteads  for  them- 
selves and  their  families." 

Tuis  circular  attracted  much  attention  abroad  ;.  it  was  held  to  show  a  spirit  not  often  found  in  a  nation 
so  embarrassed  as  the  United  States  were.  An  article  in  the  Paris  Steele  styled  it  "The  most  important 
me  arc  which  any  government  has  ever  taken  towards  the  application  of  the  principle  of  the  universal 
fraternity  of  nations.  In  calling  upon  the  proletary  class  of  Europe  to  go  in  search  of  property  to  Amer- 
ica, the  United  States  remember  their  origin,  remember  how  they  were  peopled,  and  how  the  oppressed 
came  thither  in  the  sixteenth  and  seventeenth  centuries  to  seek  liberty  there.  They  are  true  to  tl.tir 
traditions." 


Washington,  July  11,  1862. 

Sir  :  I  have  the  honor  to  acknowledge  the  reception  of  your  note  of  June  23, 
accompanied  by  a  copy  of  resolutions  which  were  unanimously  adopted  by  the 
General  Convention  of  Congregational  Ministers  and  Churches  recently  assembled 
at  Norwich. 

In  compliance  with  your  request,  these  resolutions  have  been  submitted  to  the 
President  of  the  United  States. 

I  am  instructed  to  express  his  cordial  thanks  for  the  assurances  of  confidence 
and  support  thus  tendered  to  him  by  a  body  so  deservedly  respected  and  so  widely 
influential  as  the  Congregational  Church  of  Vermont.  The  President  is  deeply 
impressed  by  the  fervent  and  hopeful  patriotism  and  benevolence  which  pervade 
the  resolutions.  It  is  the  Union  and  the  Constitution  of  this  country  which  are  at 
stake  in  the  present  unhappy  strife,  but  that  Union  is  not  a  mere  stringent  polit- 
ical one,  nor  is  that  Constitution  a  lifeless  or  spiritless  political  one  ?  The  Union 
is  the  guaranty  of  perpetual  peace  and  prosperity  to  the  American  people,  .and 
the  Constitution  is  a  mark  of  civil  and  religious  liberty  for  all  classes  and  condi- 
tions of  men. 

Who  that  carefully  reads  the  history  of  the  nations  for  the  period  that  this  Re- 
public has  existed  under  this  Constitution  and  this  Union,  can  fail  to  see  and  to 
appreciate  the  influence  it  has  exerted  in  meliorating  the  condition  of  mankind  ? 
Who  that  justly  appreciates  that  influence  will  undertake  to  foretell  the  misfor- 
tunes and  despondency  which  must  occur  on  every  continent,  should  this  Republic 
desist  all  at  once  from  its  auspicious  career,  and  be  resolved  into  a  confused  medley 
of  severed,  discordant,  and  contentious  states  ?  The  duty  of  the  Christian  coin- 
cides with  that  of  the  patriot,  and  the  duty  of  the  priest  with  that  of  the  soldier,  in 
averting  so  sad  and  fearful  a  consummation. 


"When  all  that  has  been  said  and  wrote  and  thought  by  Mr.  Seward  about 
American  affairs  shall  have  been  gathered  up  into  one  consistent  whole,  it  will  be 
known  how  capacious  was  that  range  of  vision  that  took  in  the  whole,  past,  present, 
and  future  of  the  Republic,  and  how  strong  was  that  faith  in  man,  which  in  the 
very  turmoil  of  civil  war  could  cheerfully  prophesy  the  complete  success  of  those 
great  ideas  and  institutions  on  which  the  Union  will  rise  to  the  foremost  rank 
among  the  nations  of  the  earth."  —  Rev.  A .  D.  Mayo,  1872. 


CORRESPONDENCE.  613 

A  VINDICATION 
By  Rev.  Joseph  P.  Thompson,  D.  D.,  Editor  of  the  "  N.  Y.  Independent." 

Dr.  Joseph  P.  Thompson  in  an  article  for  the  "Independent,"  from  Berlin, 
Prussia,  under  date  of  October  15,  1872,  presents  to  the  public  two  letters  of 
the  late  Hon.  William  H.  Seward,  which  at  the  time  had  never  before  been  pub- 
lished. Appended  is  the  substance  of  the  article,  with  the  letters  of  Mr.  Seward 
in  full  :  —      . 

"  The  death  of  Mr.  Seward  has  absolved  me  from  the  injunction  not  to  publish 
the  following  correspondence.  Having  guarded  it  with  sacred  privacy  for  years, 
I  feel  that  it  now  belongs  to  history.  It  was  in  the  last  days  of  President  Bu- 
chanan's administration.  Treason  had  avowed  itself  in  the  Senate  of  the  United 
States  and  was  more  than  suspected  in  the  Cabinet.  The  South  was  arming. 
Fort  Sumter  was  threatened.  General  Scott  was  making  such  show  of  preparation 
for  putting  down  rebellion  as  the  crippled  resources  of  the  War  Department  and 
the  hinderances  of  the  executive  had  left  to  him,  and  the  nation  was  drifting  into 
war.  The  horror  of  bloodshed  and  the  fears  of  commercial  and  financial  men 
gave  new  strength  to  the  old  counsels  of  compromise,  and  there  was  danger  that 
the  Senate  would  once  more  succumb  to  the  dictation  of  the  slaveocracy,  from 
which  Seward,  Sumner,  Hale,  and  their  compatriots '  had  barely  emancipated  it. 
The  '  Union-savers '  were  ready  to  yield  to  any  demand  of  the  South  as  the  condi- 
tion of  peace.  At  this  moment  it  was  announced  that  Mr.  Seward  would  make 
a  speech.  '  The  irrepressible  conflict,'  in  which  he  had  borne  so  conspicuous  a 
part,  was  approaching  its  final  issue.  He  was  known  to  have  accepted  from  Mr. 
Lincoln  the  post  of  Secretary  of  State,  and  his  utterances  were  awaited  witli  breath- 
less interest,  as  foreshadowing  the  policy  of  the  incoming  administration.  Mr. 
Seward  spoke,  but  the  grand  pleas  for  freedom  which  had  awakened  the  midnight 
echoes  of  the  Senate  Chamber  were  no  longer  heard.  He  too  argued  for  Union 
and  only  for  Union,  as  if  there  were  no  such  thing  as  slavery  in  the  land.  The 
first  feeling  of  the  friends  of  freedom  was  one  of  surprise  and  disappointment  ; 
and  this  was  almost  instantaneously  followed  by  distrust  and  indignation.  Mr. 
Seward  was  denounced  as  an  apostate;  the  most  abusive  epithets  were  heaped 
upon  him,  and  the  most  anxious  forebodings  were  indulged  concerning  his  influence 
upon  Mr.  Lincoln's  administration. 

"  Of  course,  the  '  Independent '  must  notice  his  equivocal  utterances ;  but  what 
to  say  ?  Suddenly  it  dawned  upon  me  to  read  the  speech  '  between  the  lines,' 
and  there  might  be  discovered  a  far-reaching  sagacity  that  showed  Mr.  Seward  to 
be  consistent  with  himself  and  master  of  the  occasion.  Being  supported  in  this 
view  by  a  counsellor  the  penetration  of  whose  wisdom  always  answered  to  the  in- 
tegrity of  his  principles  (Dr.  Joshua  Leavitt),  I  wrote  an  interpretation  of  Mr. 
Seward's  speech  and  a  vindication  of  its  author  quite  at  variance  with  the  current 
construction  of  republican  and  anti-slavery  journals.  This  article  was  the  basis  of 
the  following  correspondence  :  " 

Washington,  February  23,  1861. 
My  Dear  Sir  :  The  American  people  in  our  day  have  two  great  interests.  One, 
the  ascendency  of  freedom  over  slavery;  the  other,  the  integrity  of  the  Union  ! 
The  slavery  interest  has  derived  its  whole  political  power  from  bringing  the  lat- 
ter object  into  antagonism  with  the  former.  Twelve  years  ago  freedom  was  in 
danger  and  the  Union  was  not.  I  spake  then  so  singly  for  freedom  that  short- 
sighted men  inferred  that  I  was  disloyal  to  the  Union.  I  endured  the  reproach 
without  complaining,  and  now  I  have  my  vindication.  To-day,  practically,  freedom 
is  not  in  danger,  and  Union  is.  With  the  loss  of  Union  all  would  be  lost.  With 
the  attempt  to  maintain  Union  by  civil  war  wantonly  brought  on  there  would  be 
danger  of  reaction  against  the  administration  charged  with  the  preservation  of  both 


614  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

freedom  and  the  Union.  Now,  therefore,  I  speak  singly  for  Union,  striving,  if 
possible,  to  save  it  peaceably;  if  not  possible,  then  to  cast  the  responsibility  upon 
the  party  of  slavery.  For  this  singleness  of  speech  i  am  now  suspected  of  in- 
fidelity to  freedom.  In  this  case,  as  in  the  other,  I  refer  myself  not  to  the  men  of 
my  time,  but  to  the  judgment  of  history.  I  thank  you,  my  dear  {Sir,  for  having 
anticipated  what  I  think  history  will  pronounce.1 

But  do  not  publish  or  show  this  letter.  Leave  me  to  be  misunderstood.  I  am 
not  impatient.  I  write  to  you  only  because  I  would  not  be  nor  seem  to  be  ungrate- 
ful.    Faithfully  your  friend,  William  H.  Seward. 

"  A  few  months  later  an  absurd  rumor  was  started  that  Mr.  Seward  was  responsi- 
ble for  certain  delays  and  disappointments  in  the  prosecution  of  the  war,  and  he 
was  even  accused  of  disloyalty.  In  the  absence  of  the  responsible  editors  a  para- 
graph to  this  effect  crept  into  the  '  Independent.'  In  their  next  issue  the  editors 
{>romptly  repudiated  it ;  and  this  correction  called  forth  from  Mr.  Seward  the  f  ol- 
owing  letter  :  "  — 

Washington,  November  15,  1861. 

My  Dear  Sir  :  Accustomed  to  leave  misapprehensions  of  my  motives,  action, 
and  character  to  find  their  corrections  in  the  course  of  events,  I  forebore  from  all 
notice  of  the  statement  in  the  late  number  of  the  "  Independent,"  which  was  calcu- 
lated to  bring  my  loyalty  to  the  Union  in  question,  although  it  excited  my  profound 
astonishment.  But  the  rule  of  self-restraint  to  which  I  have  adverted  does  not 
forbid  me  from  acknowledging  good  offices  rendered  to  me  from  motives  of  patri- 
otism or  the  love  of  truth.  I  give  you,  therefore,  my  sincere  thanks  for  your 
magnanimous  contradiction  of  that  erroneous  statement.  This  correction  having 
been  made  in  the  absence  of  any  complaint  on  my  part,  it  comes  to  me  as  an  agree- 
able surprise. 

Permit  me  to  add  that  it  is  a  source  of  much  pleasure  thus  to  learn  that  the  edi- 
tors and  proprietors  of  the  "  Independent,"  who  have  so  long  deservedly  enjoyed  my 
respect  and  confidence  as  patriotic  and  benevolent  men,  are  not  so  easily  misled  in 
the  impatience  of  the  war  as  to  suppose  that  I  could  abandon  or  change  the  princi- 
ples and  sentiments  of  my  past  life  in  the  very  moment  when  my  country,  under  a 
sense  of  danger,  has  called  me  into  her  service,  with  a  view  that  I  shall  carry  them 
into  full  effect. 

Dear  Sir,  I  am  very  respectfully  and  faithfully  your  friend  and  obedient  serv- 
ant. William  H.  Seward. 

"  The  first  of  these  letters  was  written  by  Mr.  Seward's  own  hand,  and  the  italics 
are  his.  The  short,  crisp  sentences  show  with  what  earnestness  of  feeling  he  was 
then  moved.  The  second  letter  was  dictated  to  an  amanuensis  and  signed  by  Mr. 
Seward,  and  is  more  in  the  vein  of  formal  politeness.  Yet  both  exhibit  that  dig- 
nity of  conscious  rectitude  and  that  patience  of  self-control  which  were  among  the 
most  remarkable  characterises  of  this  most  remarkable  man." 


MR.  SEWARD  AND  HIS  OFFICERS. 

Correspondence. 

Washington,  March  3,  1869. 
To  the  Hon.  William  II.  Seward,  Secretary  of  State  : 

The  undersigned,  officers  in  the  Department  of  State,  cannot  allow  the  occasion 
of  your  retirement  from  the  position  of  Secretary  of  State  to  pass  without  ex- 
pressing their  cordial  appreciation  of  the  uniform  and  considerate  kindness  which 
you  have  manifested  towards  them  while  in  the  discharge  of  their  humbler  duties. 
They  feel  that  it  would  not  be  altogether  proper,  and  might  even  be  deemed  pre- 
sumptuous, in  them,  to  speak  of  the  manner  in  which,  during  a  period  in  the 
i  See  vol.  iv.  p.  118,  "Whittier."    651. 


mr.  seward's  reply.  615 

country's  history  of  unexampled  difficulties  and  danger,  you  have  discharged  the 
various  and  exacting  duties  of  your  high  office.  While  they  do  not  doubt  how- 
ever, what  on  that  point  will  be  the  verdict  of  that  tribunal  from  which  there  is  no 
appeal,  they  especially  desire  to  bear  testimony  to  the  fact,  that  neither  the  press- 
ure of  public  cares  nor  the  weight  of  private  sorrows  —  the  latter  seemingly  too 
heavy  to  be  borne  — have  served  to  disturb  the  exercise  on  your  part  of  that 
courtesy  towards  subordinates  which  renders  official  intercourse  so  gratifying,  and 
the  discharge  of  official  duties  so  pleasant.  Earnestly  hoping  for  their  country's 
sake  that  your  useful  life  may  be  greatly  prolonged,  and  for  your  own  that  it  may 
be  attended  with  every  possible  blessing,  the  undersigned  subscribe  themselves, 
your  obedient  servants, 

Geo.  J.  Abbot.  E.  Haywood. 

George  E.  Baker.  W.  Hukter. 

George  Bartle.  William  Hogan. 

Samuel  J.  Barrows.  Ferd.  Jefferson. 

Sevellon  A.  Brown.  Fred.  Korte. 

S.  S.  Benedict.  Charles  McCarthy. 

Newton  Benedict.  Hugh  McGraw. 

George  L.  Berdan.  Thomas  Morrison. 

D.  N.  Burbank.  J.  R.  O'Bryon. 

R.  S.  Chew.  J.  P.  Polk. 

R.  S.  Chilton.  H.  D.  J.  Pratt. 

Thomas  C.  Cox.  Dwight  T.  Reed. 

A.  H.  Clements.  P.  L.  Shucking. 

Albert  Daggett.  E.  P.  Smith. 

Charles  W.  Davis.  Jasper  Smith. 

James  C.  Derby.  F.  O.  St.  Clair. 

Theodore  W.   Dimon.  Warren  C.  Stone. 

W.  P.  Faherty.  E.  D.  Webster. 

Alfred  Harrisse.  A.  Tunstall  Welch. 

John  H.  Haswell.  Arthur  B.  Wood. 

MR.  SEWARD'S  REPLY. 

Department  of  State, 
Washington,  D.  C,  March  3,  1869. 

Gentlemen  :  I  hasten  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  the  very  kind  letter  which 
you  have  just  laid  upon  my  table.  It  gives  me  sincere  pleasure  to  recognize 
among  the  names  subscribed  to  it  every  loyal,  capable,  trustworthy,  and  reliable 
officer  whom  I  found  in  this  Department  when  I  entered  it,  with  the  exception  of 
those  who  have  voluntarily  retired  from  the  public  service.  It  gives  me  equal 
pleasure  to  witness  that  there  is  not  among  the  subscribers  of  your  letter  one  person 
whom  I  cannot  recommend  for  continued  public  service.  A  comparison  between 
the  list  of  subscribers  and  the  official  roll,  as  it  stood  when  I  entered  the  Depart- 
ment, and  as  it  stood  at  various  periods  afterwards,  discloses  the  honorable  and 
gratifying  fact,  that  although  the  country  has  passed  through  a  long  and  severe 
civil  war,  and  has  subsequently  passed  through  many  political  commotions  con- 
sequent on  the  restoration  of  peace,  only  two  persons  have  been  dismissed  the 
service  for  disloyalty,  two  or  three  at  most  for  incompetency,  and  one  for  betraying 
the  confidence  of  the  Government.  Gentlemen,  it  would  be  as  idle  as  it  would  be 
presumptuous  for  us  to  undertake  to  fix  a  standard  for  the  popular  appreciation  of 
our  own  services.  That  will  be  the  task  of  history,  which  delights  in  contemplating 
studiously  the  vicissitudes  of  nations  ;  and  that  task  can  only  be  performed  when 
we  shall  have  ceased  to  be.  Let  us  therefore,  be  content  for  the  present  with 
claiming  for  ourselves  and  conceding  to  each  other  the  humble  pretension,  that 
whatever  may  be  the  errors  which  history  may  at  any  time  detect,  those  errors 


616  MISCELLANEOUS   PAPERS. 

have  been  in  all  cases  errors  of  judgment,  and  not  of  motive  or  purpose.  In  the 
name  of  the  President  of  the  United  States  I  thank  you  all,  and  each  of  you,  for 
the  efficiency,  fidelity,  ability  and  courtesy  with  which  you  have  performed  your 
several  trusts  ;  and  I  pray  God  to  have  you  all  constantly,  with  your  respective 
families  and  friends,  in  His  holy  keeping. 

I  am,  gentlemen,  your  obedient  servant, 

William  H.  Seward. 

To  Messrs.  W.  Hunter,  R.  S.  Chew,  E.  Peshine  Smith,  George  E.  Baker, 
R.  S.  Chilton,  &c,  &c,  &c. 


SEWARD. 


Eight  years  of  service,  such  as  greatest  kings 

Might  seek,  yet  be  unable  to  perform  : 

Thou  hast  rode  out  from  first  to  last  the  storm 

That  shook  the  nation.     Now  the  day  that  brings 

To  all  the  land  the  crowning  act  of  peace 

Takes  off  thy  burden,  gives  thee  glad  release. 

How  through  these  years  in  silence  hast  thou  borne 

The  cruel  doubt,  the  slanders  of  debate  — 

The  assassin's  knife,  and  keener  blade  of  scorn 

Wielded  by  party  in  its  narrow  hate: 

How  could'st  thou  pause  each  step  to  vindicate 

Of  thy  surpassing  work  ?     Lo !  it  is  done. 

Freedom  enshrined  in  our  regenerate  state, 

And  they  who  were  divided  made  as  one! 

A.  D.  F.  R. 

March  4,  1869. 


INDEX  TO  MEMOIR.    VOL   V. 


PAGE 

Adams,  C.  F 3,  11,  35 

Adams,  John , 4 

Adams,  John  Quincy 12,  17,  36 

Alabama  Claims 16 

Alaska 5,  25,  30 

Alaska  and  China  Treaties 30 

Albany,  Funeral  Services ...     35 

Albany  Law  Journal 13 

Amendments,   Thirteenth   and    Four- 
teenth       23 

Annexation,  Danish  Islands   29 

Annexation,  San  Domingo 29 

Arbitration 10,  15 

Arguelles,  The  Case  of 19 

Assassination  of  President 21 

Attack,  Murderous,  on  F.  W.  Seward.     21 
Attempted  Assassination  of  Secretary     21 

Auburn  Speeches 16,24,  28,  32 

Auburn,  Funeral,  Tomb,  etc 35 

Bigelow,  John 3,  37 

Birthday  (70th)  in  Egypt 32 

Buchanan,  President 22 

Bulwer  and  Clayton  Treaty 33 

Burlingame,  A 3,  29 

Cabinet 6,  7,  14 

Cabinet  and  Senators 14 

Cable,  Atlantic 34,  35 

Canal,  Isthmus 5,  33,  34 

Casualties 20 

Chandler  Z.,  Telegraph   35 

Chase  and  the  Cabinet  14 

Chag3,  Judge,  Court  of  Impeachment.     23 

Chase,  Secretary 14 

China 5,  2!) 

Chinese  Legation  at  Auburn 29 

Chinese  Treaty  Negotiated 29 

Chinese,  Exclusion  of,  Deprecated ....     30 

Claims,  Alabama 16 

Clayton  and  Bulwer  Treaty 33 

Clerks,  Department 3,  9 

Clerks,  Enlistment 9 

Coinage  Convention 26 

Council,  Cabinet 6 

Collins,  Perry  McDonough 35 

Colored  men,  Duty  of 9 


Commission,  Geneva 17 

Commissioners,  Rebel 6 

Congress  and  Mexico 27 

Consular  System  Improved 4 

Convention,  Philadelphia 24 

Cooper,  Peter,  and  Isthmus  Canal 34 

Copenhagen,  Treaty 29 

Corwin,  Thomas 3 

Cuba,  Arguelles 20 

Dall,  W.  H.,  on  Alaska 25 

Dana  on  the  Trent  Case 11 

Danish  Islands,  Purchase  Proposed...     29 

Darien  Treaty 5 

Dayton,  W.  L 3,  16 

Death  of  Mr.  Seward 35 

Denmark,  Treaty  with   29 

Department,  State 3,  9 

Depredations,  British 16 

District  of  Columbia 9 

Dix,  John  A 35 

Edmunds,  George  F 13 

Election,  Presidential 16 

Emancipation 10 

Emigration 25 

Enlistments 9 

Euloyium,  by  Charles  Francis  Adams.     35 

Eulogium,  by  William  M.  Evarts 37 

Evarte,  William  M 18,  23,  34,  37 

Evans,  Albert  S.,  Book  on  Mexico. ...     32 

Exposition,  Paris 26 

Extradition 19,  23 

•Fessenden,  Senator 24 

Fish,  Hamilton,  Secretary  of  State. ..  17 

Fort  Hill  Cemetery 35 

Fugitive  Slaves 10 

Florida,  The 17 

France 6,16,  26 

France  and  Mexico 26 

Germany  and  Naturalization 18 

Grant.  Gen  ,  for  President 28,  33 

Greeley,  Horace,  Defeat  and  Death  of    33 

Great  Britain 11,  16 

Grimes,  Senator 24 


618 


INDEX   TO   MEMOIR.      VOL.  V. 


PAGE 

Hamilton,  Alexander,  Quoted 11 

Hayes,  President 5 

Hayti  Recognized 18,  26 

Hughes,  Archbishop 7 

Human  Rights 18 

Hunter,  William 3,  21 

Immigration 25 

Impeachment  of  President 23 

Inscription  on  Tomb 35 

International  Law 11 

Intervention 6 

Islands,  Danish 5 

Islands,  West  India 5 

Isthmus  Canal 5,  33 

Jeffersox  on  Disloyalty 33 

Johnson,  Andrew 16,  21 

Juarez,  President 30 

Kearsarge,  The 17 

Legislature  of  New  York,  Memorial    35 

Letters 8 

Liberia,  Recognized 26 

Lyons,  Lord 10,  12 

Marsh,  G.  P 3 

Maryland,  Governor  of 10,  15 

Martin,  W-  R 36 

Mason  and  Slidell 10 

McClellan  and  Slaves 10 

McClellan,  General 10,  16 

Mcllvaine,  Bishop 7 

Mediation,  Intrigues 15 

Memoir,  Historical  and  Biographical.  .3-37 

Memorandum 6 

Mexico,  Remarkable  Tour  through. . .     31 

Mexico  and  Congress 27 

Mexico  and  France 26 

Mexican  Demonstrations  of  Regard...     31 

Militia  Called  Out 10 

Ministers,  Character  of 3 

Mission,  Unofficial   6 

Monroe  Doctrine,  The 27,  33 

Motley  J.  Lothrop 3 

Napoleon 6,  16,  26 

Naturalization 5,  18 

New  Orleans,  Capture  of IS 

New  Orleans  Court 1* 

Nicaragua 5 

Opinion,  Cabinet,  Confidential 6 

Oration  by  Charles  Francis  Adams...     35 
Oration  by  William  M.  Evarts 37 

Paper,  A  Cabinet 6 

Paris  Exposition 26 

Peabody,  Charles  A.,  Judge  New  Or- 
leans Court 13 

Philadelphia  Convention 24 

President,  The,  Retains  Cabinet 15 


turn 

President,  The,  Death  of 21 

Presidential  Election 16,  28 

Proclamation  of  Emancipation 13,  23 

Proclamations,  Ratification    24 

Provisional  Court  in  New  Orleans. ...     13 

Raasloff,  General 29 

Reconstruction,  Restoration 24 

Resignation,  In  Cabinet 14 

Resignation  and  Senators   14 

Retirement  from  Office 30 

Roberts,   Marshall    O.,    and    Isthmus 

Canal 34 

Rogers,  Randolph,  Sculptor 36 

Russell,  Lord  John 16,18 

Russia 5,  25 

Samana  Bay,  Purchase  of,  Favored. .     29 

San  Domingo 28 

Sanford,  II.  S 3 

Santa  Cruz 28 

Schurz,  Carl 3 

Scott,  General 22 

Seaton,  W.  W 7 

Senators  and  the  Cabinet 14 

Seward,  F.  W 3,  20,  31,  32 

Seward,  George  F 30 

Seward,  Olive  Risley 32 

Seward,  W.  H 3-37 

Sumner,  Charles,  on  Alaska 25 

Sumter,  Fort 6 

Slave  Trade 5,  12 

Slave  Traders  hanged 12 

Spain 19 

Speeches  at  Auburn 16,  24,  28,  32 

Speeches  in  Mexico 32 

Speeches  in  New  York 24,  34 

St.  Albans  Raid 13 

St.  Thomas 28 

Stanley,  Lord 17 

Statue  in  New  York  City 36 

Stebbins,  Sumner 8 

Stoeckl,  Mr.  De 25 

Surratt,  John  H 23 

Telegraph,  Intercontinental 34 

Thanksgiving  Proclamation,  Notable. .     22 

Thompson,  Rev.  J.  P 8 

Tomb  and  Inscription 35 

Travels,  Rook  of 32 

Trent  Affair,  The 10 

Treaties 5,  12,  34 

Treaties: 

Alaska,  Acquisition  of 25 

China 29 

Colombia 34 

Danish  Islands 5,  29 

Darien    5 

Naturalization 18 

Nicaragua 34 

Suppression  of  Slave  Trade 5,  12 

Tributes  of  the  Nations 22 

Troops  through  Baltimore 10 


INDEX  TO   DIARY,   OR  NOTES    ON  THE   WAR.      VOL.   V.       619 


PAGE 

Troops,  British,  through  Maine 11 

Trumbull,  Senator 24 

Union,  The,  Impregnable 4 

Unofficial  Mission  to  Europe 7 

Visits,  Alaska 30 

California  and  Utah 30 

Mexico 30 

North  Pacific  Coast 30 

West  Indies 28 

Volume  of  Autobiography,  by  F.  W. 

Seward 32 

Volume  by  Evans  on  Mexico 32 


PAGB 

Volume     oy    Olive    Risley    Seward, 

Travels 32 

Voyage  around  the  World 32 

Wages  of  Colored  Soldiers 9 

War,  Foreign,  Avoided 10 

Washington,  President 22 

Webster,  Daniel   u    17 

Weed,  Thurlow '    7 

Wickham,   W.    H.,    Mayor,  Uuveiling 

Statue   37 

Wilkes,  Captain  Charles 10 

Wilberforce 12 


INDEX 
TO  DIARY,   OR  NOTES   ON  THE  WAR.    VOL.  V. 


Adams,  C.  F.,  on  the  Situation 182 

Alabama,  The,  Destroyed 136,  148 

Alabama,  The,  Piracy  Discussed 148 

Amendment,  13th 122,  174 

Antictam,  Battle  of 74,  80,  97,  101 

Armies  of  the  Union 45,  55,  75 

Army  of  the  Potomac.  .  .50,  74,  83,  96,  109 
Assassination     of     Mr.     Seward    At- 
tempted     181 

Assassination,  Effect  of  in  Europe  ....   182 

Assassins  tried  by  Military  Court 183 

Assassins  Sentenced  to  Imprisonment 

and  Death 184 

Atlanta,  Ironclad,  The,  Captured 108 

Atlanta,  City  of 144,  151 

Averill,  General 129,  148 

Baltimore  and  Ohio  Railroad  Attacked  140 

Banks,  General 54,  59,  95,  106,  123 

Battles,  Severe 61,  67,  74,  85,  101, 

109,  127,  132 

Birnev,  General 1 56 

Blair,'  F.  P.,  Mission  to  Rebels 171 

Blenker,  General 54 

Blockade,  The 48,  51 ,  54,  82,  90,  1 1 2 

Booth,  John  Wilkes,  Captured,  Shot. .    183 
British  Attitude  46,  51,  53,  83,  99,  100,  136 

Bull  Run,  Battle  of 42 

Burnside,  General 50,  83,  89,  109 

Butler,  General 66,  106,  126,  156,  169 

Butler,  General,  Woman  Order,  New 
Orleans 66 

Campaign,  A  new 119 

Canby,  General , 127 


Capital,  The,  Threatened 137 

Cavalry,  The 110 

Chambersburg 109 

Chambcrsburg  Burned 145 

Chancellorsville 126 

Charleston 89,  93,  98,  107 

Chattanooga 63 

Cherbourg 136 

Chesapeake,  The  Steamer 158 

Chickahominy 61 

Chicago  and  Niagara 153 

Clay  and  Holcombe's  Intrigues 144 

Cold  Harbor 132 

Colored  Soldiers 121 

Confederacy,  The,  its  Collapse 1 84 

Confederate  States 41 

Conferences 171,  180 

Congress  Summoned 42 

Congress.  .42,  47,  84,  91,  93,  117,  122, 

130,132,  135,  176 

Convention,  Militarv,  Proposed 178 

Corinth '. 57,  81 

Corps,  Army,  16th  and  19th 142 

Counter  Revolution,  A,  Considered. ...    163 

Currency  Bill,  The 132 

Curtis,  General 52 

Dahlgren,  Admiral 99 

Davis  Jeff.,  and  Lincoln 117 

Davis  Jeff.,  and  the  Pope 118 

Davis  Jeff.,  and  Georgia 155 

Davis  Jeff,  Indicted 184 

Dayton,  Minister,  on  the  Union. . .  .77,  120 

Debt,  Rebel,  Delusions  177 

Deer  hound,  The,  at  Cherbourg 1 37 


620       INDEX   TO   DIARY,   OR   NOTES  ON   THE   WAR.      VOL    V. 


Defeats  and  Demoralization.  .42,    125, 

128,  133,  146 

Demoralization  among  Rebels 1 79 

Despatches  from  General  Grant 128 

Diary..... 39  to  185 

Disunion,  First  Success 44 

Draft  Riots  in  New  York 109,  113 

Early,  General,  repulsed 142 

Elections,  popular 83,115,  119,  146, 

152,  157 
Emancipating  Crusade,  The  Army. . .     48 

Emancipation,  Order  for 78 

Emancipation  Proclamation 86,  106 

Emigration  from  South  to  West 122 

Emissaries,  Rebel 143 

Emperor  of  France,  The 91,  99 

Europe's  Sanguine  Hopes 81,  93 

European  Delusions 91,  93 

Fair  Oaks,  Battle  of 61 

Farragut,  Admiral 63,  1 19,  152 

Foreign  Relations 43,  69,  79,  91 ,  100 

Fort  Donelson 90 

Fort  Fisher 169 

Fort  Henry,  Capture  of  47 

Fort  Macon .' 57 

Fort  Morgan 151 

Fort  Pulaski  Captured 54 

Fort  Stevens 142 

Fort  Sumter 41,113 

Florida,  The  Pirate 1 63 

France,  Attitude  and  Course 61,  99,  100 

Franklin,  General 115 

Fredericksburg,  Battle  of 89,  109 

Fremont,  General 50 

Galveston  88 

Garibaldi 86 

Georgia,  The  Pirate,  Captured 154 

Gettysburg 96,  105,  109 

Giltnore,  General 113 

Gilmour,  Harry,  Captured 1 74 

Gold  Declines." 84,  170,  112,  124 

Grant,  General 83,  95,  104,  127,  134 

Great  Britain,  Attitude 46,  51,  53,  168 

Great  Britain,  Course 83,  99,  136 

Grierson,  Colonel 110 

II  v  t.lkck,  General 67 

Harbor,  Gold 132 

Harper's  Ferry 101,  141 

Hooker,  General 89,  93,  95,  109 

Hudson,  Fort 95,  100 

Hunter,  General 131,  134 

Hunter,  William,  Acting  Secretary. . .   182 

Indecision,  Despondency 72 

Insurrectionary  Movements 41 

Interests  of  Humanity  Identified 78 

Intervention .•  99 

Intrigue,  ( Ihicago  and  Niagara 153 

Intrigues,  Canadian 164 


Invasion  of  Loval  States..  .76,  79,  105, 

109,  139 

Invasion  of  Maryland 109,  139 

Invasion  of  Ohio 102 

Ironclads 71,  82,  86,  87,  98,  108 

Ironsides,  The 84 

Italy,  The  King  of 118 

Jackson,  Stonewall 60 

Johnson,  Andrew,  President 181 

Johnston,  General,  Death  of 53 

Kearsarge,  The,  Victory  of 136 

Kentucky 52,  82 

King  of  Italy,  The 118 

Knoxville 53 

Lee,  General,  Surrenders   to  General 

Grant 181 

Lyons,  Lord 45,  52 

Macon  Captured ...    1 83 

Malvern  Hill 145 

Manassas,  Battle  of 42 

Maryland  Invaded 74,  105 

Mason  and  Slidell 46 

Maximilian 124 

McClellan,  General 50,  60,  64,  70,  74 

McClernand,  General 89 

McDowell,  General 56 

McPherson,  General,  Death  of 144 

Meade,  General 96, 109 

Meigs,  General 116 

Mercier,  Mr 56,  91 

Merrimack,  The,  in  Hampton  Roads. .     51 

Message,  President's   117 

Mexico,  Extraordinary  Proceedings, 49,  124 

Mill  Spring,  Battle  and  Victory 47 

Mississippi  River 63,  85,  105,  107,  129 

Mitchell,  General 82 

Mobile  Attacked 149,  174 

Monitor,  The 87 

Morgan,  John 110 

Mosby  the  Outlaw 157 

Motley  and  General  Wadsworth 140 

Murfreesboro 88 

Napoleon 61,  91 

Navv,  The 98,  119,  120 

Negro  Soldiers 107,  113 

Newbern,  Capture  of 50 

New  Orleans 66,  69,  87 

Nineteenth  Corps 142 

North  Carolina   1 08 

Notes  on  the  War 39-185 

Ooeechee  and  General  Sherman 165 

Ohio,  Raid  into,  Morgan Ill 

Olustee  and  General  Seymour 120 

Operations,  Military.  Important 68 

Opequan  Creek  and  Sheridan 154 

Orange  Railroad,  Sheridan 167,  1 77 

Ord,  General,  ou  James  River 156 


INDEX   TO   DIARY,   OR   NOTES  ON   THE   WAR.      VOL.   V.       621 


Parliament,  Proceedings  on  Assas- 
sination     182 

Parsons,  The  Philo 160 

Pea  Ridge,  Battle  of 52 

Peninsula  and  Potomac   69 

Pennsylvania  Invaded 74,  77 

Petersburg  Attacked 134 

Petersburg,  The  Siege  of 142,  180 

Pirate  Ships 137,  148 

Political  Intrigues,  Canada,  Chicago..   152 

Pope,  General 60 

Pope,  The,  and  Jeff.  Davis 118 

Porter,  Admiral 57,  103 

Ports  Opened 58 

Port  Hudson 97,  100 

President,  The,  78,  84,  87,  106,  116, 117,172 
President,  The,  Confers  with  Rebels. .   172 

{Resident's  Terms  with  Rebels 173 

President  Confers  with  General  Sher- 

mnii 180 

President,  The,  Assassinated 181 

Presidential  Election,  Results.  .41,  119,  152 

Press,  The,  Unreasonable 120,  146,  185 

Proclamation  of  Emancipation 86,  106 

Public  Credit,  The 84,  92,  94,  112,  124 

Raid,  Enemy's,  into  Maryland 139 

Raid,  Morgan's,  in  Ohio Ill 

Rappahannock,  Defeat 93,  109 

Rebel  Conference 171 

Rebels  Return  to  United  States  from 

Europe,  Passports 185 

Recognition  no  longer  feared 120 

Recruiting,  Volunteers. .  .  .r 71 

Resume  of  Operations,  Armv 100 

Reverses 42,  lOl",  125,  133,  146 

Review  of  the  Situation 100,  146 

Revolution,  A  Counter,  Considered. . .  116, 

146, 163 
Richmond  City.  ..64,  67,  108,  132,  162,  177, 

180 

Riots,  Draft,  in  New  York 1 00,  1 13 

Rosecrans,  General.  .82,  88,  96,  98,  102,  110 

Rumors  and  Speculations 185 

Russell,  Earl,  his  View 51 

St.  Albans  Raid 160,  165 

Savannah  and  Sherman 167 

Sedgwick,  General 109 

Sedition  Developed 41 

Semmes,  the  Pirate 137 

Seven  Days'  Battles 67 

Seward,  P.  W.,  Wounded  in  Defence  of 

his  Father 1*1 

Seward  Partially  Recovered 185 

Sfcarpsburg,  Battle  at   101 

Sheridan,  General.  ..129,  148,  150,  157,  161 

Sherman,  General.... 87,  88,  120,  127,  135, 

151,  167,  170,  183 

Sigel,  General 127,  130,  131,  141 

Sixth  Corps,  Repulses  the  Enemy 142 

Slaves  Emancipated 48,  78,  84,  122,  162 


Slave  Trade  Treaty 52 

Slavery... 48,  52,  78,  81,  113,  116,  162,  166 
Slave  States  Acceding  to  the  Union .... 

112, 161, 169 

Slave  Property  Worthless 118,  170 

Stanton,  Secretary  of  War,  on  Assas- 
sination   1 82,  1 84 

States,  Confederate 41,  162 

Stephens,  Alexander  II 172 

Stoneman,  General 110 

Soldiers,  Colored 121,  162,  166 

Soldiers,  Union 45,  55 

South  Mountain,  Battle  of 74,  80,  101 

Sumter,  Fort 41 

Surrender  of  General  Lee  to  General 

Grant 181 

Surrender  of  General  Johnston  to  Gen- 
eral Sherman 183 

Surrender  of  Forces 184 

Tallahassee,  The  Pirate 148 

Telegraph,  Intercontinental 136 

Telegraph,  The  Atlantic 152 

Thomas,  General 47,  164,  167 

Thomas,  General,  at  Mill  Spring 47 

Treatv,  Slave  Trade 52 

Trent  Affair,  The 45 

Truce  of  General  Johnston  and  Sher- 
man     1 83 

Union,  The 52,  60,77,  100,  116 

Union  Forces 43,  55,  127 

Union  Successes 48,  100 

Union  Losses 128 

ViCKSBURG 63,  88,  97 

Victories.  ..98,  101,  101,  129,  136,  154,  165, 

180,  181 

Victory,  The  Final 180 

Virginia  Campaigns 72 

Visit  to  General  Grant 144 

Wadsworth,  General,  his  Death 140 

Wallace,  General 142 

War,  Foreign,  Avoided 46 

War,  Hope  of  Closing 143 

Warren,  General 156 

Washington  City  Threatened. .  .49, 72, 

74, 140 

Webster,  Daniel,  Quoted 11 

Weehawken,  The,   Captures    the   At- 
lanta   108 

Wilderness,  The,  Battles  of 126 

Wilkes,  Captain 45 

Wilson,  General   1 83 

Winchester,  Success 153 

Winslow,  Captain 136 

Wright,  General 1** 

York  and  James  rivers 108 

York  own  ^7 


622 


INDEX  TO  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE.      VOL.  V. 


INDEX  TO  SELECTIONS 

FROM  DIPLOMATIC   CORRESPONDENCE.     VOL.  V. 


Adams,  Charles  Francis..  ..199,  241, 
263,  276,280,  286.  289,293,313, 
320,  337,  349,  390,  425,  446,  452,  475 

Affair  of  the  Trent 294-312 

Alabama,  The 408,  453 

Alabama  Claims 409,  447,  450-480 

Alexandra,  The,  Case  of 383 

Alliance  of  England  and  France 393 

Alliances  discussed 395 

Arbitration  proposed 450-480 

Artisans,  British,  their  Sympathy 381 

Assassination  of  the  President 425 

Assassination  (Attempted), of  Scwards  425 

Austria 310,  311 

Austria,  its  Character 215 

Belgium  317 

Bigelow,  John 422 

Bismarck,  Count 446 

Black's  (Secretary)  View  of  the  Elec- 
tion      1 89 

Black,  Jeremiah 189 

Blockade,  The 283 

Blockades,  Nature  of 192,  283 

Brazil 334 

British  Aggressions 383,  398,  415,  449 

British  Courts  and  Juries 384 

Buchanan '8  Ministers,  Instructions  to.  189 

Buchanan,  President 189,  201 

Burlingame,  Anson 213 

Cameron,  Simon 314,  343 

Campbell,  Lewis  D 470 

Canada 280,  332 

Cavour,  Count 254 

Chili 444 

Christian  People,  A 294,  316,  344 

Clay,  Cassius  M 246 

Claims,  Alabama 409,  450 

Cobden,  Richard 315 

Communication,  A,  from  France,  Re- 
jected    272 

Commissioners,  Insurgent 260 

Commission,  Joint 450-481 

Comte  de  Paris 333 

Congress,  Cabinet  and  Parliament 443 

Congress  of  Paris. . .  192,  269,  278,  286,  292 

Conspiracy,  Details  of 359 

Conrad,  The 455 

Consuls,  Circular  to 375 

Crisis,  A 390 


Cruisers,  Rebel 405,  408,  452 

Dallas,  George  M 189,  242 

Dayton,  William  L 221,239,258, 

268,  323,  327,  354,  382 

Denmark 237 

Despatch,  Circular,  Announcing  Proc- 
lamation of  Emancipation 345,  375 

Despatches  to  Ministers : 

Mr.  Adams 199,  241,  260,  263, 

276,  280,  286,  289,  313,  320,  337, 
349,  355,  364,  368,  370,  390,  446, 

468,  475 

Mr.  Bigelow 422 

Mr.  Burlingame 213 

Mr.  Cameron 343 

Mr.  Campbell 470,  477 

Mr.  Clav 246 

Mr.  Davton 221,  239,  258,  268, 

323,  327,  354,  357,  365,  368,  371, 

376,  382, 399 

Mr.  Dickinson 262 

Mr.  Fogg 254,  348 

Mr.  Johnson 477 

Mr.  Judd 195 

Mr.  Kilpatrick 444 

Mr.  King 236,  474 

Mr.  Marsh 252 

Mr.  Motley 311,  389 

Mr.  Pike 257,  415 

Mr.  Sanford 197,316,  317 

Mr.  Schurz 232 

Mr.  Webb 334 

Mr.  Wood 237,  315 

Mr.  Wright 446 

Despondency  Abroad 389,  376 

Dickinson,  A.  B 262 

Discussions,  Serious 390,  426,  428 

Disunion,  Nature  and  Progress  of . .    .   201 

Disunion  Influences  iu  Europe 217 

Drouyn  de  l'Huys,  M.. .  .372,  377,  429,  434 
Due  de  Chartres. 333 

Emancipation. 314, 336,  345,356,  362,  375 

Emperor  of  France,  The 223,  399,  470 

England,  War  with 398 

England,  See  "  Great  Britain  " 

Evacuation  of  Mexico  by  the  French . .  470 

Faith,  not  Despondency 316,  376,  389 

Faulkner,  C.  J ....  191,  240,  258 


INDEX  TO  DIPLOMATIC  CORRESPONDENCE.      VOL.  V. 


623 


Federal  Authority  Undisturbed 330 

Florida,  The 454 

Fogg,  George  G 254 

Foreign  Relations 349 

Fort  Sumter 222 

France 223,  230,  258,  260,  267,  272, 

323,  327,  333,  348,  372,  425,  433,  470 

France  and  Mexico 399,  422,  426,  470 

French,  The,  in  New  Orleans 373 

French  Views 374,  428 

Gasparin,  Count  de 348 

Georgia,  The 454 

Gladstone,  Mr 444 

God  Recognized  in  the  War.  .316,  344,  366 

Great  Britain,  Atti  ude  of 209,  213, 

242,  276,  284,  339,  390,  398,  449,  459 

Great  Britain  and  Naturalization 477 

Guerilla  Warfare 325 

Hatti  and  Liberia 314 

Hicks,  Governor,  Lettel-  to 279 

Higher  Law,  The 344,  366 

Hulseman,  The  Chevalier 310 

Immigration,  Military 349 

Indemnities 387,  415,  450 

Independence,  An  American  Passion.. 

275,  353 
Instructions  to  Ministers.     See   "  De- 
spatches to  Ministers." 
Intervention. .  .230,  260,  272,  324,  332, 

341,  37l',  383,  427,  428 

International  Law 294-312 

Irish,  The,  and  England 421 

Italy 252 

Joiinson,  Reverdy,  Minister  to  Eng- 
land    477 

Joint  Commission 450-481 

Juarez,  President,  Mexico 470 

Judd,  Minister  to  Austria 195 

Kearsarge,  The 454 

Kilpatrick,  Gen.  Judson 444 

King,  Rufus 236,  474 

Laird's  Ship  Yards 398,  405 

Law,  International,  294,  300,  452,  208,  280, 

385 

Law,  Maritime 193,  269,  289,  294,  385 

Lyons,  Lord 295 

Marcy,  Secretary 193 

Maritime  Nations  at  Paris 192 

Maritime  War,  Rules  of 192 

Marsh,  George  P 252,389 

Mason  and  Slidell 294-312 

Maximilian 410,  430,  433,  440,  470 

Mediation 373 

Mercier,  Mr 309 

Mexico  and  France 332,  368,  372,  399, 

423,  470 


Mexico  and  General  Sherman 473 

Military  Events 360 

Monarchy  in  Mexico 431 

Monroe  Doctrine,  The. .  .399,  411,  423,  426 

Montholon,  The  Marquis  de 426,  428 

Motley,  J.  Lothrop 311 

Napoleon,  Emperor.     See  "  France." 

Napoleon,  Jerome 333 

Nashville,  The 455 

Naturalization  and  England 477 

Naturalization  and  Prussia 446 

Navy,  The 407 

Negro  Emigration 416 

Netherlands,  The 258 

New  Orleans  and  the  French 373 

Nicaragua 262 

Paper  from  England  Rejected 276 

Paris  Congress,  The 192,  269,  278,  286 

Paris  Declaration,  The 1 92,  292 

Pike,  James  S 257 

Pirates,  Confederate 452 

Policy,  Union 241,  313,  383 

Politics  Explained 370,  375 

Pope,  The 236 

President's  Policy,  The 205,  241,  245 

President's  Death,  The 425 

Privateering  Considered 1 92 

Proclamation  of  Emancipation 345,  356, 

362,  364,  375 
Prussia 446 

Queen's  Proclamation,  The.  .260,  265,  283 
Questions,  Unsettled,  Considered 479 

Rebellion  Commenced 221 

Rebel  Cruisers 405,  408,  452 

Reciprocal  Acts 451 

Recognition  to  be  Prevented.. . . .  .197,  324 

Relations  with  England 1 99 

Religion 421 

Reservation  bv  Lord  Russell 287 

Review  of  the' Situation,  320,  341,  355,  360, 

389 
Review  of  our  Relations  with  England, 

452-470 

Revolution,  Object  of 250 

Revolution,  without  Cause 227 

Rome 236 

Russell,  Lord  John,  242,  265,  270,  286,  289, 

405 
Rus.-ia 246,  343,  382,  404 

Sanford,  Henry  S 258,  270,  316,  317 

San  Juan,  Island  of 480 

Scliurz,  Carl 232 

Sedition  and  Aliens 237,  351 

Seward,  Assistant  Secretary 425 

Seward,  Secretary,  Attempted  Assas- 
sination of 425 

Shenandoah,  The 454 

Snerman,  General,  and  Mexico 473 


624 


INDEX   TO  OCCASIONAL   SPEECHES,   ETC.      VOL.   V. 


PAGE 

Situation,  The 320,  356,  360,  417 

Slave  Trade  Abolished 419 

Slavery  not  under  Discussion 208 

Slavery  Considered.  .225,  313,  317,  359,371 

Slavery;  Experimentum  Cruets 336 

Slivery... 208,  225,  248,  314,  319,336,  371, 

418 
Slavery  the  Cause  of  War,  247, 336,  362,  371 
Slavery,  Proclamation,  345,  356,  362,  364, 

375 

Spain 232,332 

Spanish  American  States 262 

Stanlev,  Lord,  Reply  to 452-470 

Sumter,  The 452 

Surratt,  John  H 474 

S  witzerland 254 

Tacony,  The 455 

Tariff,  The,  Influence  of  the 198,  209 

Thouvenel,  Mr 240,  258,  309,  359 

Trent  Affair,  The 294-312 

"  Tributes  of  the  Nations  " 425 

Tuscaloosa,  The 455 


Union,  The,  Beneficial  to  the  World.  .191, 

221 
Union,  The,  its  Nature  and  Basis.  195,  329 

Union,  The,  Conspiracy  against 359 

United  States,  The,  Sovereign 269 

Volunteers  in  Excess 355 

War,  Abroad 341,391,  398,  403,  414 

War,  Guerilla 325 

War,  its  Limits 350 

War,  New  Articles  of 345 

War,  Servile SSI,  341 

War,  The,  a  Misnomer 272 

War,  The,  Conduct  of 417 

War,  The,  our  own  Affair 419 

War  with  England 391,  414 

War  with  France 430 

Washington,  George 315 

Webb,  James  Watson 334 

Wilkes,  Captain 294 

Wood,  Bradford  It? 237,315 

Wright,  John  A 446 


INDEX 


TO   OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES   AND   MISCELLANEOUS 
PAPERS.     VOL.  V. 


Alaska,  Map  of 559 

Alaska,  Speech  in 559 

Aliens,  Rights  of,  Vindicated 611 

Al  ies  of  Treason 491 

Amendments  of  Constitution 595 

Amendment,  The  Thirteenth 595 

Amendment,  The  Fourteenth 598 

Atlanta,  Fall  of 491 

Baker,  George  E 616 

Blatchford,  R.  M 540 

British  Columbia 569 

Cabinet  Paper,  A 606 

Cabinet,  The 515,  516 

Canada  Intrigues 498 

Canal,  The  Darien 571,  591,  605 

Canal,  Interoceanic 605 

(  hase,  Secretary 5.'5 

Chew,  It.  S 616 

( IhicagO  and  Canada 498,  506 

Chicago,  London,   Richmond 506 

Chilton,  It.  S 616 

China  and  Christians 5S8 

Christian  Duty,  A 485 

Church,  The,  and  the,  Uuion 612 


Claflin,  H.  B 540 

Clergy,  The,  their  Duty 612 

Clerks  of  Department 614 

Coleman,  William  T 589 

Colombia,  U.  S.,  of 605 

Constitution.  Amendments  to 595 

Consuls  and  Immigration 611 

Cooper,  Peter 589 

Correspondence  with  Dr.  Thompson. .  613 
Correspondence     with     Officers    and 

Clerks 614 

Correspondence  with  Governors 596 

Cox,  S.  S 554 

Crawford,  Martin  J 610 

Cutting,  Francis  B 540 

Daly,  Charles  P 540 

Darien  Canal,  The 579,  589 

Democratic  Party,  The 496,  554 

Democrats  The,  at  Chicago  anil  Niag- 
ara  498,  506 

Department,  Clerks 614 

Destiny,  The,  of  America 577,  587 

Dickinson,  Daniel  S 540 

Dodge,  Wm.  E   540 

Duncan,  Wm.  B 589 


INDEX  TO   OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES,   ETC.      VOL.   V. 


625 


Emissaries,  Rebel 610 

Evans,  William  M 540,  589,  605 

Farragut,  Admiral 491 

Fish,  Hamilton •  540 

Forsyth,  John 610 

Fort  Sumter,  Reinforcement  of 606 

Fox,  Assistant  Secretary  of  Navy 526 

Fugitive  Slaves  in  1861 599 

Garrison,  Cornelius  K 589 

Gettysburg,  National  Cemetery 489 

Governors,  Provisional 596 

Grant,  Gen 541 

Grant,  President 540 

Grinnell,  Moses  H 540 

Hancock,  Gen.  W.  S 554 

Hawley,  Rev.  Dr 515,  540 

Hicks,  Governor  of  Maryland 609 

Hunter,  William 616 

Immigration,  Rights  of  Aliens 611 

Independent,  The 613 

Johnson,  Andrew 486 

Johnson,  President 518,  523,  538,  547 

Juarez,  President  of  Mexico 582 

Knapp,  Shepherd 540 

Leavitt,  Joshua 613 

Letters  to  Dr.  Thompson 613 

Lincoln,  Abraham 517,  543,  547 

Lincoln  and  McClellan 505,  5 1 2 

Low,  A.  A 540 

McCleli.an,  Gen 505,  599 

McCulloch,  Secretary 525 

Maryland,  Position  of 609 

Mayo,  Rev.  A.  D 612 

Mediation  and  Governor  Hicks 609 

Memorandum,  Rebel  Emissaries 610 

Mexico,  Speeches  in 579 

Miscellaneous  Papers 594 

Morgan,  E.  D 540 

Niagara  Intrigues,  The 498 

North  Pacific  Coast,  The 569 

North  Pacific  States,  Our 572 

Officers  and  Clerks  of  Department.  614 

Opdyke,  George 540 

Optimism 558 

Oregon  Described 576 

Paper,  Read  in  Cabinet 606 

Papers,  Miscellaneous 594 

Perseverance  in  the  War 505 

Policy,  The  President's 547 

Politics 496,  505 

Presidential  Election,  1864 505 

Presidential  Election,  1868 540 

40 


President  The,  and  his  Cabinet 515 

Proclamation  of  Emancipation 594 

Provisional  Governors  •Letters  to 596 

Randolph,  A.  D  F 616 

Ratification   of  Thirteenth  and  Four- 
teenth Amendments 595,  598 

Rebel  Emissaries,  Memorandum 610 

Reconstructed  States   596 

Reconstruction  Committee 5S4 

Reinforcement  of  Fort  Sumter. 806 

Repudiation  of  Rebel  Debts 597 

Restoration  of  Union 5>9 

Resolution,  Joint 537 

Retrospect,  A 592 

Roberts,  Marshall  0 540,  589 

Salem,  Oregon,  Speech  at 572 

Sehell,  Richard 589 

Seymour,  Horatio 541 

Sherman,  Gen 491 

Slavery 503,  602 

Smith,  E.  Peshine 615 

Speeches,  Occasional 485 

At  Washington,  July  7,  1863 485 

At  Gettysburg,  Nov.  18,  1863 489 

At  Auburn,  Sept.  3,  1864 491 

At  Auburn,  Nov.  7,  1864 505 

At  Washington,  Nov.  10,  1864...  512 

At  Auburn,  Oct.  20,  1865 515 

At  New  York,  Feb.  22,  1866 529 

At  Auburn,  May  22,  1866 558 

At  Washington,  July,  1868 587 

At  Auburn,  Oct.  31,  1868 540 

At  Sitka,  Alaska,  Aug.  1869 559 

At  Salem,  Oregon,  1869 ...   572 

Speeches   in    Mexico,  Oct.,  1869, 

579-587 
Peter  Cooper's,  Speech  at,  1869...  589 

At  Victoria,  British,  1869 569 

At  Auburn,  April  21, 1870 592 

The  Allies  of  Treason 491 

Assurance  of  Victory 512 

Fall  of  Atlanta 491 

Darien  Canal  Speech 589 

Hope  and  Faith 558 

The  North  Pacific  Coast ,.  569 

Our  North  Pacific  States 572 

Perseverance  in  the  War 505 

President  and  Cabinet 515 

The  Progress  of  the  War 485 

Restoration  of  Union 529 

Replv  to  Chinese  Embassy 587 

The  "Situation  and  the  Duty 540 

Vicksburg,  Fall  of 485 

Visit  from  Syracuse  Friends 592 

Speed,  Attorney  "General 526 

Stanton,  Secretary 493,  525 

Subjugation 519 

Sumner,  Charles 561 

Sumter,  Reinforcement  of 606 

Syracuse  Friends 592 


626 


INDEX  TO   OCCASIONAL  SPEECHES,   ETC.      VOL.    V. 


Thompson,  Rev.  Joseph  P.,  D.  D 613 

Tkeaties 600 

Alaska w 601 

China 603 

Darien 605 

Naturalization 600 

Slave  Trade 600 

Union,  Restoration  of 529 

Vicksburg,  The  Fall  of 485 

Victory,  The  Assurance  of 512 


PAGE 

Victoria,  British  Columbia 569 

Vindication,  A 613 

War,  Atlanta 491 

Perseverance  in  the 505 

Progress  of  the 485 

Vicksburg 485 

Washington  and  Lincoln 540 

Webb,  William  H 540 

Weed,  Thurlow 540 

Wells,  Secretary 525 

Whittier,  Reference 614 


CHRONOLOGY  OF  THE  VOLUMES. 


Vol.  I.   .  . 

.  1801-1850. 

Vol.  II.   .  . 

.  1831-1842. 

Vol.  III.  .  . 

.  1832-1853. 

Vol.  IV.  .  . 

.  •  1854-1861. 

Vol.  V.  .  . 

.  1861-1872. 

MEMOIRS. 
Biographical  and  Historical,  Preface  Vols.  L,  IV.  and  V. 


A  list  of  the  Contents  of  Vols.  I.  II.  III.  IV.,  will  be  found  in  pages  preceding  this 

volume. 


o> 


\0  rH 


U 
0) 

■3 

CO 


o 

0) 


•ej 

0) 


•»    H 
T3     O 

i 

C/3 


*Tv 


W 


UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO 

LIBRARY 


DO  NOT 

REMOVE 

THE 

CARD 

FROM 

THIS 

POCKET 


■  S  v>  >  V* »  >  >  v  >  »  v  »  »  » »  >  >  >  > >  >  >  >  *  »  >  >  >  >  %  * » 
.VAV»V»V>V/rV>V\VvV>V>V>V^>YV%V»*i 

V>>  m  )  >  >VlV>VnV>Y)V)VM  >  »  > %  >  ) 


►  ►»»»%  iViVti;  >  >Vv>V<  V »>'>>'*%%  AVAWmVvavI 

V*V>VAVeV»NVi\V»V*V>NVv'VfcV»Vv>>\NV/ANVvNVvV»V 

i\i\iv»iYiYvVjk>Y>>Vi'iV»  »"wV»V/iViVV'iiV»WV 
■  >  j  t V »  >  *  ►%  *  > %  >  >  »  >  »  >V'  >  >  *  »  v>  >  V)  i  V* » V K> >% V 

k>fc\N>A>AV>SVASVAV»'\ltVv%SV>ViVk*KiKffBK8S 

►  *  v  mSV»  >  »VAy>vnTv/)V>Y»  i  ►  >  iV> »  >>  xkxv 
V>\V>V> WASy*  j  *  ."> V>V»VMV" VfcVA^HwSw 

mY)Yv)Ym  » V  ►  -  »  *  v  »  v i  »  %  i  %  *Vv*V>  »  >  *Yy»Yr! 
...  ?  -i  '■>  %  -  ►  >  i  %  »  »  » i  >  >>  *  >  *  >>%V>  >  yyyyyyv  »  > > x> V 


>  >  »  >  y  >>>  >Y  )' »' )  >  v  >  >  )  >  i  .'  v  >  >  >  >  >V> Vr/ >T3 
*  V  >  y  >  >  >  »  j  >  > >  V>  >  >  > V»  ►  >  >  V>  *  » »KWA» 

iY» \  »\Y»YmYnYvt V>' /AkV/AVtftW 


»  *  ►  »  >  *  '  > WAWtYvmMAAHBiflQffim 
iVA**%V>SV>V>V>SV*V>V>V>V>VAS'5cyKxi  ^* 

V»*>Y»  >*»*>*►*>*►  »VV***\  >N*tN'SNv»V*VvV»Vk\Vk* 

iV)Vi  >  viYnY'iVimYiiVmWAVAVviriri 
•Y*)S  » ■ » SVvV/AVAVAVAVAVrAVWAv 

»»>>!    ?   t  >  A  *  s '  V  *  >  >  V>  >>>»>>  »  >>%%%  iMIJtJr*  K 


'  ^  y  >  >  »  itYvmyri 


