Google 



This is a digital copy of a book lhal w;ls preserved for general ions on library shelves before il was carefully scanned by Google as pari of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

Il has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one thai was never subject 

to copy right or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often dillicull lo discover. 

Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher lo a library and linally lo you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud lo partner with libraries lo digili/e public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order lo keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial panics, including placing Icchnical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make n on -commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request thai you use these files for 
personal, non -commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort lo Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attribution The Google "watermark" you see on each lile is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use. remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 

countries. Whether a book is slill in copyright varies from country lo country, and we can'l offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through I lie lull lexl of 1 1 us book on I lie web 
al |_-.:. :.-.-:: / / books . qooqle . com/| 



A N 



ESSAY 



ON THE 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE, 



l Y 



RICHARD FARMER, D.D. 



Matter of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, and Principal 

Librarian of that Univerfity. 



A NEW EDITION. 



BASIL: 

Printed and fold by . J. j. T o U t R NEJSEN< 



M. DCCC. 



> 



ti 



<T- JtJ • A 7 



R E F A G E 



T O 



TH, SECOND EDITION, 



1767. 



T 



HE author of the following Essay was folU 
citous only for the honour of Shakfpeare : he hath 
however, in his own capacity, little reafon to com- 
plain of occafional criticks, or criticks by projejfion^ 
The very few, who have been pleafed to con-* 
trovert any part of his do&rine, have favoured him 
with better manners, than arguments; and claim 
his thanks for a further opportunity of demonftrat- 
ing the futility of theoretick reafoning againft matter 
oj jaB\ It is indeed ftrange, that any real friends 
of our immortal Poet fliould be ftill willing to 
force him into a fituation, which is not tenable: 
treat him as a learned man, and what ftiall excufe 
the mod grofs violations of hiftory, chronology, 
and geography? 

Ov TrsfosK, 5<P» h <arciW is the motto of every pole* 
tnick : like his brethren at the amphitheatre , he 
holds it a merit to die hard ; and will not fay, enough % 
though the battle be decided. I€ Were it (hewn, 
(fays fome one) that the old bard borrowed all his 
allufions from Englijh books then publifhed, our 
EJfayiJl might have poffibly eftablifhed his fyftem."— 

B a 



4 PREFACE. 

In good time! This hadfcarcelybeen attempted 

by Pcler Bur man himfelf, with the library of Shak- 

Jpeare before him. " Truly, (as Mr. Dogberry 

fays,) for mine own part, if 1 were as tedious as a 
king, I could find in my heart to bellow it all on 
this fubjeft:" but where fhould I meet with a 
leader? — When the main pillars are taken away, 
the whole building falls in courfe: Nothing hath, 
been, or can be, pointed out, which is not eafily 
removed ; or rather which was not v/r/w«/(yremoved 
before: a very little analogy will do the bufmefs. 
I fliall therefore have no occafionto trouble myfclf 
any further ; and may venture to call my pamphlet, 
in the words of a pleafantdeclaimeragainftyeraowj 
on the thirtieth of January, " an anfwer to every 
thing that fhall hereafter be written on the fubje&." 
But " this method of reafoning will prove any 
one ignorant of the languages, who hath written 

when tranflations were extant. 1 ' Shade of Bur~ 

gerfdicius /— does it follow , becaufe Shakjpeares 
early life was incompatible with a courfe of edu- 
cation— whofe contemporaries, friends and foes 
nay, and himfelf likewife, agree in his want of wha 
is ufually called literature — * whofe miflakes fron 
equivocal tranllations , and even typographica 
errors, cannot poffibly be accounted for otherwife 
1— that Locke, to whom not one of thefc circuni 
fiances is applicable, underftood no Greek? _— 
fufpeft, Rollins opinion of our philofopher w 
not founded on this argument* 



PREFACE. 5 

Shah/peart wanted not the ftilts of languages, to 
raife him above all other men. The quotation from 
Lilly in the Taming of the Shrew, if indeed it be 
his, ftrongly proves the extent of his reading : had 
Ike known Terence, he would not have quoted erro- 
neoufly from his Grammar. Every one hath met with 
men in common life, who, according to the lan- 
guage of the VSaler-poet, •' got only from pojfum to 
pojfet" and yet will throw but a line occafionally 
from their Accidence or their Cato de Morihus with 
tolerable propriety. If, however, the old edi- 
tions be trufted in this paffage, our author's memory 
fomewhat failed him in point of concord. 

The rage of parallelisms is almoft over , and in 
truth nothing can be more abfurd. " This was 
ftolen from one claffick, — That from another ;" — 
and had I not ftept in to his refcue, poor Shakjpeare 
had been flript as naked of ornament, as when he 
firft held korfes at the door of the playhoufc. 

The late ingenious and modefi, Mr. Dodjley 
declared himfelf 

4c Untutor'd in the lore of Greece or Rome : " 

yet let us take a paffage at a venture from any of 
his performances, and a thoufand to one, it is ftolen. 
Suppofe it be his celebrated compliment to the 
ladies, in one of his earlieft pieces, Tlie Toy-Jhop: 
" A good wife makes the cares of the world fit 
eafy, and adds a fweetnefs tQ its pleafures ; flie is a 
man's bed companion in profperity, and his only 

h 3 






■\-. 







«* 



6 PREFACE. 

friend in adverfify ; the carefulleft preferver of his 
health, and the kindeft attendant in his ficknefs, 
a faithful advifer in diftrefs, a comforter in affliction, 
and a prudent manager in all his domeftick affairs*" 
Plainly , from a fragment of Euripides preferved by 
Slob a us : t 

" Twit ykf iv k&koTm xo) voroit wku 

<€ "H/ltf-T^ fori, $0>(jL&t' h ei**T X&Xttf, 

" 'O^yiiv ts ffp&vwa, juei fv^vpias 

« ^v%h p&tffr&S ! " Par. 4 to. 1 623. 

Malvolio in the Twelfth Night of Shakfpeare hath 
fome expreffions very fimilar to Alnajchar in the 
Arabian Tales: which perhaps maybe fufficient for 
fome criticks to prove hisacquaintance with Arabic \ 

It feems however, at laft, that " Tajle fhould 
determine the matter." This, as Bardolph ex- 
preffes it, is a word of exceeding good command: but 
I am willing, that the ftandard itfelf be fomewhat 
better afcertained before it be oppofed to demon- 

ftrative evidence. Upon the whole, I may con*. 

fider myfelf as the pioneer of the commentators : I 
have removed a deal of learned rubbijli, and pointed 
out to them Shakfpeares track in the ever-pleafing 
paths of nature. This was neceffarily a previous 
inquiry ; and I hope I may affume with fome con- 
fidence, what ope of the firft criticks of the age 
was pleafed tp declare on reading the former edi- 
tion, that •* The queftion is wot*; for ever decided/* 



. • 



ADVERTISEMENT 



PREFIXED TO 



THE THIRD EDITION, 



1789. 



I 



T may be neceffary to apologize for the repub- 
lication of this pamphlet. The fad is, it has been 
for a good while extremely fcarce, and fome mer- 
cenary publifhers were induced by the extravagant 
price, which it has occafionally borne, to projeS; 
a new edition without the confent of the author. 

A few correftions might probably be made, and 
many additional proofs of the argument have ncccf- 
farily occurred in more than twenty years : fome of 
which may be found in the late admirable editions 
of our Poet, by Mr. Stecvens and Mr. Reed. 

But, perhaps enough is already faid on fo light 
a fubjeft :— A fubjeft, however, which had for a 
long time pretty warmly divided the criticks upon 
Shakfpcart. 



B4 



v 



•*. 



• ,. * 






A N 



ESSAY 



ON THE 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE: 



ADDRESSED TO 



JOSEPH CRADOCK, Es<£ 

" OHAKSPEARE," fays a brother of the craft* 
" is a vaft garden of criticifm :" and certainly no 
one can be favoured with more weeders gratis. 

But how often, my dear fir, ar t e weeds and flowers 
torn up indifcriminately? — the ravaged fpot is re- 
planted in a moment, and a profufion of critical 
thorns thrown over it for fecurity. 

" A prudent man, therefore, would not venture 
his fingers amongft them." 

Be however in little pain for your friend, who 
regards himfelf fuffTciently to be cautious : — yet he 
aflerts with confidence, that no improvement can 
be ekpefted, whilft the natural foil is miftaken'for 
a hot-bed, and the natives of the banks of Avon 

* Mr, Seward, in his Preface to Beaumont and Fletcher, 
lo Vols. 8vo. 17 5o. 



\ 



^ 



10 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



are fcientifically choked with the culture of ex* 
o ticks. 

Thus much for metaphor ; it is contrary to the 
Jiatutt to fly out fo early : but who can tell, whe- 
ther it may not be demonftrated by fome critick or 
other, that a deviation from rule is peculiarly happy 
in an Effay on Shakfpeare ! 

You have long known my opinion concerning 
the literary acquifitions of our immortal draraatift ; 
arid remember how I congratulated myfelf on my 
coincidence with the ltfft and beft of his editors. I 
told you however , that his fmall Latin and lefs 
Greek 1 would ftill be litigated, and you fee very 
affuredly that I was not miflaken. The trumpet 
hath been founded againft " the darling project of 
repreftnting Shakfpeare as one of the illiterate' 
vulgar; 1 ' and indeed to fo good purpofe, that I 
would by all means recommend the performer to 
the army of the braying faStion, recorded by Cer-» 
vantes. The teftimony of his contemporaries is 
again difputed ; conftant tradition is oppoferf by 
'flimfy arguments ; and nothing is heard, but con* 
fulion and nonlenfe. One could fcarcely imagine 
this a topick very likely te inflame the paflions : it 
is affcrted by Dryden, that " thofe who accufe him 
to have wanted learning, give him the greateft com- 
mendation ;" yet an attack upon an article of faith 

5 This paffage of Ben Jonfon, fo often quoted* is given us 
in the admirable preface to the late edition, with a various 
reading, " fmall Latin arid no Greek," which hath been held 
up to the publick for a modern fophiftication: yet whether 
an error or not, it was adopted above a century ago by 
W. Towers, in a panegyrick on Cartwright. His eulogy, 
with more than fifty others, on this now forgotten poet, was 
prefixed to the edit. l65l. 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. n 

hath been ufually received with more temper and 
complacence, than the unfortunate opinion, which 
I am about to defend. 

But let us previoufly lament with every lover of 
Shakfpeare, that the queftion was not fully difcuffed 
by Mr. Johnfon himfelf : what he fees intuitively, 
others muft arrive at by a feries of proofs ; and I 
have not time to teach with preciiion : be contented 
therefore with a few curfory observations, as they 
may happen to arife from the chaos of papers, you 
have fo often laughed at, " a flock fufficient to fet 
up an editor in form" I am convinced of the 
ftrength of my caufe, and fuperior to any little 
advantage from fophiflical arrangements. 

General pofitions without proofs will probably 
have no great weight on either fide, yet it may not 
feem fair to fupprefs them : take them therefore as 
their authors occur to me, and we will afterward 
proceed to particulars. 

The teftimony of Ben. ftands foremoft; and 
fome havt held it fufficient to decide the contro- 
verfy : in the warmeft panegyrick, that ever was 
written, he apologizes 4 for what he fuppofed the 
only defeft in his " beloved friend, — 



Soul of the age ! 



4 Th' applaufe ! delight! the wonder of our ftage ! — * 

whole memory he honoured almoft to idolatry :** 
and confeious of the worth of ancient literature, 
like any other man on the fame occafion, he rather 
carries his acquirements above, than below the truth* 
"Jealoufy!" cries Mr. Upton ; •• people tvill allow 



4 tc 



Though thou hadft/flia// Latin, " &c« 



J» 



12 AN ESSAY ON THE 

others any qualities, but thofe upon which they 
highly value themjclvcs" Yes, where there is a 
competition, and the competitor formidable: but, 
1 think, this critick himfelf hath fcarccly fct in 
oppofition the learning of Shakfpeare and Jonfon. 
When a fuperiority is univerfally granted, it by no 
means appears a man's literary intcrefl to deprefs 
the reputation of his antagonift. 

In truth the received opinion of the pride and 
malignity of Jonfon, at leaft in the earlier pan of 
life, is abfolutely groundlefs : at this time fcarce a 
play or a poem appeared without Ben's encomium, 
from the original Shakfpeare to the tranllator of 
Du Bartas. 

But Jonfon is by no means our only authority. 
Drayton the countryman and acquaintance of Shak- 
fpeare, determines his excellence to the naturall 
braine* only. Digges, a wit of the town before our 
, poet left the ftage, is very ftrong to the purpofe, 

ic Nature only helpt him, for looke thorow 

<( This whole book, thou (halt find he doth not borow, 
4C One phrafe from Greekes, not Latines imitate, 
it Nor once from vulgar languages tranflite. " 6 

Suckling oppofed his eajier Jlrain to the fweat of 
the learned Jonfon. Denham affures us, that all he 
had was from old mother-wit. His native wood-notes 
wild, every one remembers to be celebrated by 

5 In his Elegie on Poets and Poejie, p. 206. Folio, 1627. 

6 From his Poem upon Mafter William Shakfpeare, intended 
to have been prefixed, with the other of his compoGtion, to 
the folio of l623 : and afterward printed in feveral mifcel- 
lancous collections : particularly the fpurious edition of 
Shakfpeare's Poems, 1640. Some account of him may be met 
with in Wood's Athena. 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. i3 

Milton. Dry den obferves prettily enough,, that 
" he wanted not the fpe&acles of books to read 
nature/* He came out of her hand, as fome one 
elfe expreffes it, like Pallas out of Jove s head, at 
full growth and mature. 

The ever memorable Hales of Eton, (who, not- 
withstanding his epithet, is, I fear, almoftforgotten,) 
had too great a knowledge both of Shakfpcare and 
the ancients to allow much acquaintance between 
them : and urged very juftly on the part of genius 
in. oppofition to pedantry, that " if he had not 
read the clafficks, he had likewife not Jlolen from 
them ; and if any topick was produced from a poet 
of antiquity he would undertake to fliow fomewhat 
on the lame fubjeft, at lead as well written by 
Shakfpeare." 

Fuller a diligent and equal fearcher after truth 
and quibbles, declares politively, that " his learn- 
ing was very little, — nature was all the art ufed 
upon him, as he himjclf, if alive, would confers/' 
And may we not fay, he did confefs it, when he 
apologized for his untutored lilies to his noble patron 
the Earl of Southampton ? — this lift of witneffes 
might be eafily enlarged ; but I flatter myfelf, I 
ihall Hand in no need of fuch evidence. 

One of the fir ft and moft vehement aflertors of 
the learning of Shakfpeare, was the editor of his 
poems, the well-known Mr. Gildon; 7 andhisfleps 

7 Hence perhaps the /' 7- fl a »r\/ rage between this critic.?: 
and liis eldci brother, John Dennis, i'o pathetically lamented 
in the Dunciaii, WhiHl the former was perfuaded, that " the 
man who doubts of the learning of Shakfpeare, hath none of 
his own:" the latter, above ic»aidhig the attack in his 
private capacity, declares with great patriotick vehemence, 









14 AN ESSAY ON THE 

were moft pun£iually taken by afubfequcnt labourer 
in the fame department, Dr. Sewell. 

Mr. Pope fuppofed " little ground for the com- 
mon opinion of his want of learning:" once in- 
deed he made a proper diftin&ion between learning 
and languages, as I would be underftood to do in 
my title-page ; but unfortunately he forgot it in 
the courfe of his difquifition, and endeavoured to 
perfuade himfelf that Shakfpeare's Acquaintance 
with the ancients might be actually proved by the 
fame medium asjonfon's. 

Mr. Theobald is " very unwilling to allow him 
fo poor a fcholar, as many have laboured to repre- 
fent him;'* and yet is "cautious of declaring too 
pofitively on the other fide of the queftion." 

Dr. Warburton hath expofed the weaknefs of 
fome arguments from JufpeEled imitations ; and yet 
offers others, which, I doubt not, he could as eafily 
have refuted. 

Mr. Upton wonders " with what kind of reafon* 
ing any one could be fo far impofed upon, sts to 
imagine that Shakfpeare had no learning ;* 
and lafhes with much zeal and fatisfa&ion " the 
pride and pertnefs of dunces, who, under fuch a 
name would gladly fhelter their own idlenefs and 
ignorance." 

He, like the learned knight, at every anomaly in 
grammar or metre, 



that " he who allows Shakfpeare had learning, and a familiar 
acquaintance with the ancients, ought to be looked upon as 
a detractor from the glory of Great Britain. " Dennis was 
expelled his college for attempting to (tab a man in the dark: 
Pope would hayc been glad of this anecdote* 



LEARNING OF SHAKS^EARE. 15 

a Hath hard words ready to (how why, 
cc And tell what rule he did it by." 

How would the old bard have been aftoniQied ttf 
liave found, that he had very ikilfully given the 
trochaic dimeter br achy cat aleBic, commonly called 
the ithyphallic meafure to the Witches in Macbeth t 
and that now and then a halting verfe afforded a 
moft beautiful inftance of the pes proceleufmaticus ! 

44 But, continues Mr. Upton, it was a Beamed 
age ; Roger Afcham affures us, that Queen Eliza- 
beth read more Greek every day, than fome digni** 
taries of the church did Latin in a whole week. 111 
This appears very probable ; and a pleafant proof* 
it is of the general learning of the times, and of 
Shakfpeat-e in particular. I wonder, he did not 
corroborate it with an extraS from her injunctions 
'to her clergy, that •• fuch as were but mean readers 
ftould perufe over before, once or twice, the 
chapters and homilies, to the intent they might 
read to the better underftanding of the people." 

Dr. Grey declares, that Shakfpeare's knowledge 
in. the Greek and Latin tongues cannot reasonably 
be called in queftion. Dr. Dodd fuppofes it proved, 
that he was not fuch a novice in learning and 
^antiquity as fome people would pretend. And to 
clofe the whole, for I fufpefl: you to be tired of 
quotation, Mr. Whalley, the ingenious editor of 
Jonfon, hath written a piece exptfefsly on this fide 
the queftion : perhaps from a very excufable par- 
tiality, he was willing to draw Shakfpeare from 
the field of nature to claffick ground, where alone; 
f 3bc knew, his author could poffibly cope with him. 
• Thefc criticks, and many others their coadjutors, 



r 
J 



*"■■ 



i 



16 AN. ESSAY ON THE 

Lave fuppofed themfelves able to trace Shakfpeare 
in the writings of the ancients ; and have fometimes 
perfuaded us of tl^ir own learning, whatever be- 
came of their author's. Plagiarifms have been 
difcovered in every natural defcription and every 
moral fentiment. Indeed by the kind afliftance of 
the various Excerpta, Sehtentia, zxvAFlores, this bu- 
finefs may be efFefted with very little expence of 
time or fagacity ; as Addifon hath demonstrated in 
his comment on CKevy-chafe, and -Wagftaff on Tom 
Thumb ; and I myfelf will engage to give you quo- 
tations from the elder EngliQi writers (for to own 
the truth, I was once idle enough to colleS fuch,) 
which fhall carry with them at leaft an equal degree 
of fimilarity. But there can be no occafion of 
wafting any future time in this department : the 
world is now in poffeffion of the Marks of Imita- 
tion* 

4i Shakfpeare however hath frequent allufions to 
the faSls and fables of antiquity." Granted: — and 
as Mat. Prior fays, to fave the effufion of more 
Chriftian ink, I will endeavour to fhow, how they 
came to his acquaintance. . I 

It is notorious, that much of his matter offaS 
knowledge is deduced from IJlutarch : but in what 
language he read him, hath yet been the queftion* 
Mr. Upton is pretty confident of his {kill in the 
original, and corrects accordingly the errors of his 
copyifls by the Greek ftandard. Take a few in- 
ftances, which will elucidate this matter fufiiciently. 

In the third a£t of Antony and Cleopatra, O&avius 
reprefents to his courtiers the imperial pomp of 
thofe illuftrious lovers, and the arrangement of 
their dominion, 



a - 



P> 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 17 

it 1 Unto her 

tt He gave the 'Uabliftiment of Egypt, made her 
tt Of lower Syria, Cyprus, Lydia y 
tt Abfoluie queen." 

Read Libya, fays the critick authora tively, as is 
plain from Plutarch, U^&rtw p\v ccveyrive K^sovirpouf 
faeihiGGcLV At'} vt1h Kct) Kvirf>x ka) AIBTHS, kcl) kqikm St/piW. 

This is very true : Mr. Heath 8 accedes to the 
correction, and Mr. Johnfon admits it into the 
text : but turn \o the translation, from the French 
of Amyot, by Thomas North, infolio, i57g, 9 and 
you will at once fee the origin of the miftake. 

•• pirft of all he did eftablifh Cleopatra queene 
of iEgypt, of dyprus, of Lidya, and the lower 
Syria." 

Again, in the fourth a£t : 

<< My meflenger 

it He hath whipt with rods, dares me to perfonal combat, 
tt Caefar to Antony. Let th* old ruffian know 
it 1 have many other ways to die ; mean time 
«t Laugh at his challenge. " 

" What a reply is this ?" cries Mr. Upton, "'tis 
acknowledging he fhould fall under the unequal 
combat. But if we read, 

8 It is extraordinary, that this gentleman fhould attempt 
fo voluminous a Work, as the Revifal of Shak/peare's Text % 
when, he tells us in his Preface, " he was not fo fortunate 
as to be furnifbed with either of the Jolio editions, mnch left 
any of the ancient quartos : " and even Sir Thomas Hanmer'* 
performance was known to him only by Mr. Warburton's 
reprefentation." 

* I find the character of this work pretty early delineated: 
tt 'Twas Greek at firft, that Greek was Latin made, 
tt That Latin, French; that French to Englifh Itraid : 
*t Thus 'twixt one Plutarch there's more difference, , 
u Than i'th' lame JEnglifhman returned from France, 

G 



- • 



i8 AN ESSAY ON THE 



Let the old ruffian know 



' He hath many other ways to die ; mean lime 

* / laugh at hi* challenge. ' 

we have the poignancy and the very repartee of 
Caefar in Plutarch." 

This correflion was firft made by Sir Thomas 
Hanmer, and Mr. Johnfon hath received it. Moft 
indifputably it is the fenfe of Plutarch, and given 
fo in the modern tranflation : but Shakfpeare was 
milled by the ambiguity of the old one* : " Anto- 
nius fent again to challenge Caefar to fight him : 
Caefar anfwered, That he had many other ways to 
die, than fo." 

In the third aft of Julius Cafar, Antony, in his 
well-known harangue to the people, repeats a part 
of the emperor's will : 

it To every Roman citizen he gives, 

«< To every fev ral man, feventy-five drachmas. — — . 
(t Moreover he hath left you all his walks, 
it His private arbours, and new-planted orchards, 
it On this fide Tiber. " 

41 Our author certainly wrote," fays Mr. The o-» 
bald, — " On that fide Tiber — 

* Trans Tib e rim — prope Caefaris hortos. ' 

And Plutarch, whom Shakfpeare very diligently 
ftudied, exprefsly declares, that he left the publick 
his gardens and walks, <ar«/w t« noTapv, beyond the 
Tybtrr 

This emendation likewife hath been adopted by 
the fubfequent editors ; but hear again the old 
tranflation, where Shakfpeare's^w^ lay: •• He be- 
queathed unto every citizen of Rome feventy-five 



- -t 




LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 19 

drachmas a man, and he left his gardens and ar- 
bours unto the* people, which he had on this fide 
of the river of Tyber." I could furnifh you with 
many more inilances, but thefe are as good as a 
thoufand. 

Hence had out author his chara£ieriftick know- 
ledge of Brutus and Antony, upon which much 
atgumentation for his learning hath been founded: 
and hence literatim the epitaph on Timon, which 
it was once prefumed, he had corre&ed from the 
blunders of the Latin verfion, by his own fuperior: 
knowledge of the original.* 

I cannot however omit a paffagefrom Mr. Pope. 
•' The Jpeeches copied from Plutarch in Coriolanus 
may, 1 think, be as well made an inftance of the 
learning of Shakfpeare, as thofe copy'd from 
Cicero in Gatilint % of Ben Jonfon's." Let us in- 
quire into this matter, and tranferibe a fpecch fot 
a fpecimen. T&ke the famous one of Volumnia t 

it Should We be filcnt and not fpeak, our raiment 

it And ftate of bodies would bewray what life 

it We've led fince thy exile. Think with thyfelf, 

u How more unfortunate than all living women ~ 

tt Are we come hither; fince thy fight, which mould 

it Make our eyes flow with joy .hearts dance with comforts> 

it Gonftrains them weep, and make with fear and forrow \ 

it Making the mother, wife, and child to fee 

it The fon, the hufband, and the father tearing 

&i His country's bowels out: and to poor we 

*t Thy enmity's mod capital; thou barr'ft us 

it Our prayers to the gods, which is a comfort 

tt That all but we enjoy. For how can we, 

41 Alas ! how can we, for Our country pray, 

it Whereto we're bound, together with thy victory, 

41 Whereto we're bound ? Alack ! or we mud lofc 

* See Theobald's Preface to King Richard II. 8vo. 173d. 

c * 



♦ 
m 






so AN ESSAY ON THE 

44 The country, our dear nurfe ; or elfe thy perfon, 

&( Our comfort in the country. We muft fin,d 

it An eminent calamity, though we had 

it Our wifli, which fide fliouM win. For either thou 

&( Muft, as a foreign recreant, he led 

(t With manacles thorough our ftreets ; or elfe 

44 Triumphantly tread on thy country's ruin, 

4c And bear the palm, for having bravely fhed 

41 Thy wife and children's blood; For myfelf, ion, 

44 I purpofe not to wait on fortune, till 

«4 Thefe wars determine : if I can't perfuade thee 

44 Rather to (how a noble grace to both parts, 

44 Than feck the end of one ; thou (halt no fooner 

44 March to a {Fault thy country, than to tread 

44 (Truft to't, thou (halt not, } on thy mother's womb, 

44 That brought thee to this world." 

I will now give you the old tranflation, which 
fflfall effe&ually confute Mr. Pope : for our author 
hath done little more, than thrown the very words 
of North into blank verfe : 

" If we helde our peace (my fonne) and deter- 
mined not to fpeake, the Rate of our poore bodies, 
andprefent fight of our rayment, would eafely be- 
wray to thee what life we haue led at home, fincc 
thy exile and abode abroad. But thinke now with 
thy felfe, howe much more unfortunately, then all 
the women liuinge we are come hether, confider- 
ing that the fight wiiich fliould be moft pleafaunt 
to all other to beholde, fpitefull fortune hath made 
moft fearfull to us : making my felfe to fee my 
fonne, and my daughter here, her hufband, be- 
fieging the walles of his natiue countrie. So as 
that which is the only comfort to all other in their 
adverfitie andmiferie, to pray unto the goddes, and 
to call to them for aide; is the onely thinge which 
plongeth us into moft deepe perplexitie. For we 



, ' 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. pi 

cannot (alas) together pray, both for vi&orie, for 
our countrie, and for fafety of thy life alfo : but a 
worlde of grievous curfes, yea more than any mor- 
tal^ enemie can heappe uppon us, are forcibly wrapt 
up in our prayers. For the bitter foppe of moft 
harde choyce is offered thy wife and children, to 
foregoe the one of the two : either to lofe the per- 
fone of thy felfe, or the nurfe of their natiue con- 
trie. For my felfe (my fonne) I am determined 
not to tarrie, till fortune in my life time doe make 
an ende of this warre. *For if I cannot perfuade 
thee, rather to doe good unto both parties, then to 
ouerthrowe and deftroye the one, preferring loue 
and nature before the malice and calamitie of warres : 
thou fhalt fee, my fonne, and truft unto it, thou 
(halt no fooner marche forward- to aflaijlt thy cotjn- 
trJTe, but thy foote (hall tread upon thy mother's 
wombe, that brought thee firft into this world." 
The length of this quotation will be expufed for 
its curiofity ; and it happily wants not the affiflance 
of a comment. But matters may not always be fo 
eafily managed : — a plagiarifm from Anacrton hath 
been detected. 

ti The fun's a thief, and with his great attraclioi* 

41 Robs the vaft fea. The moon's an arrant thief, 

t< And her pale fire (he fnatches from the fun. 

it The fca's a thief, whofe liquid furge refolves 

u The moon into fait tears. The earth's a thief, 

u That feeds and breeds by a compofture ftol'n 

it From gen'ral excrement: each thing's a thief." 

•• This (fays Dr. Dodd) is a good deal in the 
manner of the celebrated drinking Ode, too well 
known to be inferted." Yet it may be alledged 
by thofe, who imagine Shakfpeare to have been 

C 3 



r 



/" 






2% AN ESSAY ON THE 

generally able to think for himfelf, that the topicks 

^re obvious, and their application is different r-But 

for argument's fake, let the parody be granted; 
^nd 4t our author (fays fon\e one) may be puzzled 
to prove, that there was a Latin tranflation of 
Anacreon at the time Shakfpeare wrote his Timon 
of Athens." This challenge is peculiarly unhappy: 
fpr I do not at pre fen t recolleft any other clajjick^ 
(if indeed, with great deference to Mynheer D,e 
Pauw, Anacreonmay be nmnbered amongft them,) 
that was originally published wi{h two L^tiu J tranfla- 
tions. 

But this is not all. Puttenham in his Arte of 
Englifli PofJie 9 i58g, quotes fome pne of a "reafpn- 
^ble good facilitie in tranflation, who finding ccr- 
faint of Anacreo^s Odes very well tranftated by 
Jtonfard the French poet—comes our minion, and 
tran^tes the fame out of French, into Englifh :" 
^nd his ftri&ures upon him evince the publication. 
Now this identical ode is to* be met with irj 
Ronfard! and as his works are in fe\v hands, I will 
t^e the liberty pf tranferibing it : 

• 

&t La terre les eaux va boivant, 

u L' arbrc la boil par ft rac^ne, 

u La mcr falee boit ie vent, 

(4 Et le foleil boit la marine, 

u Le foleil eft beu de la lune, 

4( Tout boit foit en haut ou en bas, : 

\ By Henry Stephens and Elias Andreas, Par. i554. 4to. 
ten years before the birth of Shakfpeare 1 The former verfion 
hath been afcribed without 'reafon to John Dorat. Many 
other translators appeared before the end of the century : 
and particularly the ode in queftion was made popular bv 
Buchanan, whofe pieces were foon to be met with in alxnoft 
every modern language. 



r 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. *S 

u Suivant cefte reigle commune, 

u Pourquoy done nc boirons-nous pas?*' 

Edit. Fol. p. 5o7* 

I know not whether an obfervation or two rela- 
tive to our author's acquaintance with Homer, be 
worth our inveftigation. The ingenious Mrs. 
Lenox obferves on a paffage of Troilus and CreJJida, 
where Achilles is roufed to battle by the death of 
Patroclus, that Shakfpeare muft here have had the 
Iliad in view, as •* the old ftory, 4 which in many 
places he hath faithfully copied, is abfolutely lilent 
with refpeft to this circumftance." 

And Mr. Upton ispofitive that thefweet oblivious 
antidote, inquired after by Macbeth, could be no- 
thing but the nepenthe defcribed in the Odyjfey, 

I will not infift upon the tranflations by Chapman ; 
as the firft editions are without date, and it may 
be difficult to afcertain the exatt time of their; 
publication. But the former circumftance might 
have been learned from Alexander Barclay; 1 and 
the latter more fully from Spenfer, 6 than fron\ 
Homer himfelf^ 

4 It was originally drawn info Engli/he by Caxton under the 
name of The Rccuyel of the Hiftoryes of Troy, from the French of 
the ryght venerable Perfon and worfhipfull man Raoul le Feure, 
andfyny/hed in the holy citye of Colen, the 19 day of Septembre, 
the yere of our Lord God, a thoufand foure hundred Jixty and 
enleuen. Wynkyn de Worde printed an edit. fol. l5o3. and 
there have been feveral fubfequent ones. 

5 " Who lift thiftory of Patroclus to reade, " 8cc. 

Ship ofFooles, ib^o* p. *i. 

* ct Nepenthe is adrinck of foueragne grace, 
(< Deuized by the gods, for to affwagg 

G 4 



/•■ 



s*. 



*4 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



14 But Shakipeare" perfifts Mr. Upton, " hath 
fome Greek exprejjions" Indeed ! — "We have one 
in Coriolanus : 



- It Is held 



' That valour is the thiefeft virtue, and 
& Mod dignifies the hpver. ' 

and another in Macbeth, where Banquo addreffes 
the weird Jijlers : 

My noble partner 



4 You greet with preient gracV, and great prediction 
1 Ot noble having.* 



Gr. v Exei*. — and nfe i\v ^JLxovta, to the haver. 



>» 



•ii <» 



This was the common language of Shakfpeare's 
time. *' Lye in a water-bearer's houfe!" fays 
Matter Mathew of Bobadil, "a. gentleman of his 
havings /" 

Thus likewife John Da.vies in his Pleajant Dejcanf 
upon Englijh Proverbs, printed with his Scourge of 
Folly, about 1612 : 

(< Do well and have well I — neyther fo ftill : 

« For fome are good doers, whofe havings are ill. 

^ and Daniel the hiftdrian ufes it frequently. Having 
feeras to be fynonymous with behaviour in Gawin 
Douglas 7 ancUhe elder Scotch writers. 

ct Harts grief, and bitter gall away to chace — 

41 Inftead thereof fweet peace and quietage 
tt It doth eftablifti in the troubled inynd, " Sec* 

Faerie Queene, 150,6, Book IV. c. iii. ft. 43. 

7 It is very remarkable, that the bifhop is called by his 
countryman. Sir David Lindfey, in his Complaint of our Soue- 
rane Lordis Papingo, 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. st 5 

Haver, in the fenfe of pojfejfor, is every where 
met with : though unfortunately the Tfte rbv ^Exovta 
of Sophocles produced as an authority for it, is 
fufpecied by Kufter, 8 as good a critick in thefe 
matters, to have abfolutely a different meaning. 

But what fhall we fay to the learning of the 
Clown in Hamlet, "Ay, tell me that, and unyoke?" 
alluding to the B*hvrbf of the Gfeeks : and Homer 
and his fcholiaft are quoted accordingly ! 

If it be not fufficient to fay, with Dr. War- 
burton, that the phrafe might have been taken from 
hufbandry, without much depth of reading ; we 
may produce it from a Dittie of the workmen of 
Dover, preferved in the additions to Holinjhed, 
p. 1546: 

41 My bow is broke, I would unyoke, 

u My foot is fore, I can worke no more." 

An expreffion of my Dame Quickly is next 
fattened upon, which you may look for in vain in 
the modern text ; (he calls fome of the pretended 
fairies in The Merry Wives of Windfor : 

u Orphan 9 heirs of fixed Derti*"* v 



* 



tiny. 



" In our Ingli/he rethorick the rofe. " 
And Dunbar hath a fimilar expreflion in his beautiful poem 
of The Qoldin Terge. 

* Ariftophanis Comoediae undecijqji. Gr. 8c Lat. Amjl. 1710. 
Fol. p. 5g6. 

9 Dr. Warburton corrc&s orphan to ouphen; and not 
without plaufibility, as the word ouphes occurs both before 
and afterward. But I fancy, in acquiefcence to the vulgar 
do&rine, the addrefs in this line is to a part of the troop, as 
mortals by birth, but adopted by the fairies : orphans with 
* refpec"l to their real parents, and now only dependant on 



t>. - 



* t 



' r. v. 
i 



26 AN ESSAY ON THE 

" And how elegant is this/' quoth Mr. Upton, 
fuppofing the word to be ufed, as a Grecian would 
have ufed it ? '* h^etvof ab b^ios —ailing in darknefs 
and obfcurity. 

Mr. Heath affures us , that the bare mention of 
fuch an interpretation , is a fufficient refutation of 
it: and his critical word will be rather taken in 
Greek than in Englifli: in the fame hands there- 
fore I will venture to leave all our author's know- 
ledge of the old comedy , and his etymological learn 
ing in the word, Defdemona* 

Surely poor Mr. Upton was very little acquainted 
with, fairies , notwithstanding his laborious ftudy of 
Spenfer. The laft authentick account of them is 
from our countryman William Lilly; and it by 
no means agrees with the learned interpretation: 
for the angelical creatures appeared in his Hurjl 
wood in a mojl illujlrious g/flry,—" and indeed, (feys 
the fage ,) it is not given to many perfo.ns to endure 
their glorious afpetfs" 

The only ufe of tranferibing thefe things, is to 
fhew what abfurdities men for ever run into , when 

a. ♦ 

Deftiny hcrfelf. A few lines from Spenfer will fufficiently 
illuArate the paffage : 

The man whom heauens have or day rid to bee 
;' 1 The fpoufe of Britomart, \s Ar the gall: 
He wonneth in the land offayeret^ 
Ypt is nofary borne, ne fib at all 
41 To elfes, but fprong of feed terreftriall, 
And whilome by falftfaries ftolen away, 
Whyles yet in infant cradle he did crall, " 8cc. 

Edit. i5go, Book III. c. iii. ft. 36* 
* Revijal, p. yS. 323. and 56i. 

5 Hiftory of his Life ajid Times, p. 102. preferyed by his 
dupe, Mr. Aflimole. 



ct 

It 

T 

cc 
11 



^ 



*^ 



1 %. 



/ * 






LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 27 

• 

t they lay down an hypothefis , and afterward feek 

> for arguments in the fupport 6f it. What elfe 

c could induce this man , by no means a bad fcholar, 

to doubt whether Truepenny might not be derived 

1 from Tpv&aw; and quote upon us with much pa- '$V 

3 rade an old fcholiaft on Ariftophanes ? — I will not 

l flop to conf&te him: nor take any notice of two or 

i three more expreflions, in which he was pleafed to 

1 fuppofe fome learned meaning or other; all which 

: he might have found in every writer of the time , 

or ftill more eafily in the vulgar tranflation of the 

Bible , by confulting the Concordance of Alexander 

Cruden. 

But whence have we the plot of Timon, # except 
from the Greek of Lucian? — The editors and 
criticks have been never at a greater lofs than in 
their enquiries of this fort ; and the fource of a ' 

tale hath b # een often in vain fought abroad , which 
might eafily h|ve been found at home : my good 
friend, the very ingenious editor of the Reliques of 
Ancient Englijh Poetry, hath fliewn our author to 
have been fometimes contented with a legendary 
ballad. 

The ftory of the mijanthrope is told in alraoft every, 
colle&ion of the time ; and particularly in two books^ 
with which Shakfpeare was Intimately acquainted; * *l 

the Palace of Plcafure, and the Englijli Plutarch, % 

Indeed from a paffage in art old play , called Jack 
Drums Entertainment , I conj£&ure that he had be- 
fore made his appearance 1 on the ftage. 

Were this a proper place for fuch a difquifition f 
\ could give you many cafes of this kind. We arc 
fent for inftance to* Cinthio for the plot of Meafurc 
for Meafurc , and Shakfpeare's judgement hath been 



; \ 



<*- 



2 8 AN ESSAY ON THE 

attacked for fome deviations from him in the con- 
duct of it: wherx probably all he knew of the 
matter was from madam Ifabella in the Heptameron 
of Whetflone/ Ariojlo is continually quoted for 
the fable of Much ado about nothing ; but I fufpeft 
our poet to have been fatisfied with the Gtntura of 
Turberville. * . As you like it was certainly borrowed, 
if we believe Dr. Grey, and Mr. Upton, from the 
Cokes Tale of Gamelyn ; which by the way was not 
printed till a century afterward: when in truth the 
old bard, who was nonunter of MSS. contented 
himfelf folely with Lodge's Rofalynd , or ^.uphues 1 
Golden Legacye , quarto, i5go. The ftory of All's 
well that ends well, or , as I fuf pofe it to have been 
fometimes called. Loves Labour Wonne^ is origi- 
nally indeed the property of Boccace , 7 but it came 

% 

4 LoncL 4to. l58a. She reports in the fourth dayes exercife, 
the rare Hiftorie of Promos and Cajfandra. A marginal note 
informs us, that Whetftone was the' autnorof the Commedte 
on that fubjecY-, which likewife might have fallen into the 
hands of Shakfpeare. 

* " The tale is a pretie comical matter, and hath bin 

■written in Englifh verfe fome few years paft, learnedly and 

with good grace, by M. George Turbcruil. " Harrington's 
Ariojioj fol. 150,1. p. 3g. 

6 See Meres's Wits Treajure % i5g8. p. 282. 

7 Our ancient poets are under greater obligations to Boc- 
cace,] than is generally imagined. Who would fufpeel, that 

. Chaucer hath borrowed from an Italian the facetious tale of 
the Miller of Trumpington ? 

Mr. Dryden obferves on the epick performance, Palamon 
and Arcite, a poem little inferior in his opinion to the Iliad 
or the Mneid, that the name of its author is wholly loft, and 
Chaucer is now become the original. But he is miftaken: 
this too was the work of Boccace, and printed at Ferrara in 
folio, con il pommento di Andrea BaJJi % 147S. I have feen a 



* 



, LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 29 

immediately to Shakfpeare from Painter's Giletta 
of Narbon. % Mr. Langbaine could not conceive , 
whence the flory of Pericles could be taken , "not 
meeting in hiftory with any fuch Prince of Tyre;" ' v 

yet hi§ legend inayi>e found at large in old Cower, 
under the name of Appolynus. 9 

Pericles is one of the plays omitted in the latter 
editions, as well as the' earLy, folios , and not im- 
properly ; though it was pubfifhed many years be- 
fore the death of Shakfpeare , with his name in the 
title-page. Aulus Gellius informs us, that fome 
plays are afcribed abfblutely to Plautus f which he 
only re-touched and poliJhe4 ; and this is undoubtedly 
the cafe with our author likewife. . The revival of 
this performai^e , which Benjonfon calls^kand 
mouldy , was probably his earlieft attempt in the 
drama. I know f that another of thefe difcarded 
pieces , The York/hire Tragedy t hath been frequently ■ 
called fo ; but mod certainly it was not written by 
our poet at all : nor indeed was it printed in his 
life-time. The faft on which it is built, was per- 
petrated no fooner than 1604:* much too late for 

copy of it, and a tranflation into modern Greek, in the noble, 
library of the very learned and communicative Dr. Afkew, 

It is likewife to be met with in old French, under the 
title of La Thefiide de Jean Boccace, contenant les belles 8c 
chaftes amours de deux jeunes Chevaliers Thebains Arciu <fr 
JPalcmon. , ' 

* In the fir ft Vol. of the Palace of Pleafure, 4to. i566. 

9 Confeffio Amantis^ printed by T. Berthelet, fol. l53ili 
p. 175, 8c c. 

* 4t William Caluerley, of Caluerley in Yor&hire, Efquire, 
murdered two ot ]}is owne children in his owne houfe, then 
flabde his wife into the body with full intfnt to haue killed 
hex, and then inftantlie with like fury went from his houfe, 



* 



F 



»# 






3o ANESSAYONTHE 

fo mean a performance from the hand of Shak- 
fpeare. 

Sometimes a very little matter dete£is «a forgery. 
You may remember aplay called TfuDouble Fa l/hocd, 
which Mr. Theobald was defirous of palming upon 
the world for a pofthumous one of Shakfpeare: 
and I fee it is claffcd as fuch in the laft edition of 
the Bodleian catalogue. Mr. Pope himfelf, after 
all the ftri&ures of Scriblerus ,' in a letter to Aaron 
Hill , fuppofes it of that age ; J?ut a miftaken accent 
determines it to have been written fince the middle I 
of the laft century: 

&t This late example 

it Of bafc Henriquez, bleeding in me now, 

(c From each good dfpefl takes away my truft." 

Antl in another place, 

u You have an a/petf, fir* of wondrous wifdom. 

The word afpeS , you perceive, is here accented 
on the^r/ifyllable, which, I am Confident, in anf 
fenfe of it , was never the cafe in the time of 
Shakfpeare ; though it may fometimes appear to 
be.fo, when we do not obferve a preceding elifion.* 

to haue flaine his yongeft childe at nurfe, but was preuented. 
Hee was preft to death in Yorke the 5 of Auguft, 1604." 
Edm. Howes* Contimiation of John Stowe's Sutnmarie, 8vo. 1607, 
p. 574. The ftorv appeared before in a 4to. pamphlet, i6o5. 
It is omitted in the folio chronicle, i63i. 

* Thefe, however, he affures Mr. Hill, were the property 
of JDr. Arbuthnot* 

4 Thus a line in Hamlet's defcription of the Player, fibould 
be printed as In the old folios: 

u Tears in his eyes, diftraclion in's afpe&." 

agreeably to the atcent in a hundred other places* 



*i 



A 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 3i 

Some of the profeffed imitators of our old poets 
have not attended to this and many other minutia : 
I could point out to you feveral performances in 
the refpeclive ftyles of Chaucer, Spenfer, and 
Shakfpeare, which the imitated bard could notpof- 
fibly have either read or conftrned. 

This very accent hath troubled the annotatorson 
Milton. Dr. Beruley obferves it to be " a tone dif- 
ferent from theprefent ufe." Mr. -Manwaring , in 
his Trtatije oj Harmony and Numbers , very folemnly 
informs us, that " this verfe is defective both in 
accent and quantity, B. III. v. 266: 

* His* words here ended, but his meek afpiS 

• Silent yet fpake. *• * 

Here (fays he) a fyllable is acuttd and long, whereas 
it fhould htjhort and graved!" 

And a ftill more extraordinary gentleman , %ne 
Green,- who publilhed a fpecimen of a new verfion 
of the Paradije Lojl , into blank verfe , "by which 
that amazing work is brought fo«mewhat nearer the 
furnmit of -perfeclion ," begins with correcting a 
blunder in the fourth book, v. 540: 

a , The fetting fun 

<i Slowly defcended, and with right afpiti—. 

u Levelled his evening rays. " 

Jfotjo in the new verfion: 



u Meanwhile the fetting fun defcending flow— • 
(4 Level'd with djpeft right his ev'ning rays. M 



Enough of fuch commentators. The celebrated 

Dr. Dee had ajpirit, who would fome times con- 
defcend to coned him, when peccant in quantity! 



33 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



f 

i 



•\ 



\ 

r 

f, 



a- 



i 



f 



and it had been kind of him to have a little aflifte 
the wights abovementioned.: — Milton affe&ed th 
antique ; but it may feem more extraordinary , th« 
the old accent fhould be adopted in Hudibras. 

After all, The Double Faljhood is fuperior I 
Theobald. One paffage , and one only in the who 
play, he pretended to have written : 



(< 



Strike up,- my matters ; 



u iut touch the firings with a religious foftnefs : 
&t Teach found to languifh through the night's dull ea 
it Till melancholy ftart from her lazy couch, 
And careleflnefs grow convert to attention. 



ic 



*» 



Thefe lines were particularly admired ^ and h 
vanity could not refill the opportunity of claimin 
them: but his claim had been more eafily allowe 
to any other part of the* performance. ' 

'Bo whom then (hal^l we afcribe it?— Somebod 
hath told us , who fliould feem to be a npjirum 
monger by his argument, that, let accents be hoi 
they will, it is called an original play of Willia\ 
Shakfpeare in the Kings Patent prefixed to Mi 
Theobald's edition , 1728, and confequently ther 
could be no fraud in the matter. Whilft , on th 
contrary , the Irijh laureat , Mr. Viftor f remarks 
(and were it true, it would be certainly decifive 
that the plot is borrowed from a nqv el of Cervantes 
not published till the year after Shakfpeare^ death 
•But unluckily the fame novel appears in a part c 
Don Quixote, which was printed in Spanifli , 1 6o5 
and in Englifh by Shelton, 1612. — The fame rea 
foning however* which exculpated our author fron 
The York/hire Tragedy , may be applied on the pic 
fern occafion. 



r 






LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 33 

But you want my opinion : — aftd from every mark 
of ftyle and manner , I make no doubt of afcribing 
it lo Shirley. Mr. Langbaine informs us, that he 
left fome pliays in MS. — Thefe were written about 
the time of the Rejloration , when the accent in quef- 
tion was more generally altered. 

Perhaps the miftake arofe frojn an abbreviation 
of the game. Mr. Dodfley knew not that the tra- 
gedy of Andromana was Shirley's, from thef very 
fame caufe. Thus a whole ftream of biographers 
tell us , that Marfion's plays were printed at London, 
i633, " by the care of William Shakfpeare , the fa- 
mous comedian." — Here again I fuppofe, in fome 
traiifcript, the real publifher's name, William She&res, 
was abbreviated. No one hath protra&ed the life 
of Shakfpeare beyond 1616, except Mr. Hume; 
who is pleafed to add a year to it, in contradiction 
to all fiaanner of evidence. 

Shirley is fpoken of with contempt in Mac Flccknoe ; 
but his imagination is fometimes fine to an extra- 
ordinary degree. I recolleft a paffage in the fourth 
book of the ParadifeLoJl, which hath been fufpeft- 
ed of imitation , as a prettinefs below the genius of 
Milton : I mean , where Uriel glides backward and 
forward to heaven on a fun-beam. Dr. Newton in- 
forms us , that this might poflibly be hinted by a 
pi&ure of AnnibaL Caracci in the King of France's 
cabinet : but I am apt to believe that Milton had 
"been ftruck with a portrait in Shirley. Fernando , 
in the comedy of The Brothers , \65q , defences 
Jacinta at vefpers: 

" Her eye did feem to labour with a tear, 

** Which fuddenly took birth, but overweigh'd 

M With its own fwelling, drop'd upon her bo fome ; 

D 










I 



34 AN ESSAY ON THE 

Whichby reflexion of her light, appearM 
As nature meant herforrow for an ornament : 
After, her looks grew chearfull, and I faw 
A fmile {hoot grace full upward from her eyes, 
As if they had gain'd a victory o'er grief, 
And with it many beams twitted themfelves, 
Upon whofe golden threads the angels walk 
To and again from heaven** — " 

1 

You mud not tjiink mc infe&ed with the fpirit 
of Lauder, if I give you another of Milton's imi- 
tations: 

it The fwan with arched neck 

it Between her white wings mantling proudly, rows 

u Her ftate with oary feet." Book VII. v. 438, 8c c. 

41 The ancient poets, fays Mr. Richardfon f have 
not hit upon this beauty ; fo lavifli have they been 
in their defcriptions of the fwan. Homer calls the 
fwan long-necked t <f*Aix«<P*//w ; but how much more 
fittorejquc t if he had arched this length of neck?* 

For this beauty however , Milton was beholden to 
Donne ; whofe name , I believe , at prefentis better 
known than his writings : 

it Like a (hip in her full trim, 

(4 Afwan, fo white that you may unto him 

u Compare all whiteneffe, but himfelfe to none, 
«c Glided along, and as he glided watch'd, 
44 And with his arched neck this poore fifh catchM. — '* 

Progrejfe of the Soul, ft. 24. 

1 Middleton, in an obfeure play called A Game at Chejfe % 
hathfome very pleating lines on a fimilar occafion : 

<( Upon thofe lips, the fweete frefli buds of youth, 
44 The holy dewe of prayer lies like p carle, 
44 Dropt from the opening eye-lids of the mornc 
*4 Upon, the bafhfull rofc. ,f 



• LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 35 

Thofc highly finiflicd iandfcapes, the Seafons % J\ 

are indeed copied from nature, but Thornton fome* 
times recolle&ed the hand of his matter : l 

4( ■ The ftately failing fwan 

t< Gives out his Inowy plumage to the gale ; 

ti And arching proud his neck with oaryfeet, 

44 Bears forward fierce, a*hd guards his ofier iflc, 

«& Prote&ive of his young. " 

But to return, as we fay on other occafions.— • 
Perhaps the advocates for Shakfpeare's knowledge 
of the Latin language may be more fuccefsful. 
Mr. Gildon takes the van. " It is plain, that he 
was acquainted with the fables of antiquity very 
well : that fome of the arrows of Cupid are pointed 
with lead , and others with gold , he found in Ovid ; 
and what he fpeaks of Dido f in Virgil : nor do I 
know any tranflation of thefe poets fo ancient as 
Shakfpeare's time." The paffages on which thefe 
fagacious remarks are made, occur in The Mid* 
Jummer Nighfs Dream ; and exhibit , we Are , a clear « 

proof of acquaintance with the Latin clafficks. But 
we are notanfwerable for Mr. Gildon's ignorance; 
he might have been told of Caxton and Douglas # 
of Surrey and Stanyhurft , of Phaer and Twyne, of 
Fleming and Golding, of Turberville and Church* 
% yard! but thefe fables were eafily known without 
the help of either the originals or the tranflations. 
The fate of Dido had been fung very early j?y 
Gower, Chaucer, and Lydgate; Marlowe had even 
already introduced her to the ftage : and Cupid's 
arrows appear with their chara&eriftick differences 
in Surrey, in Sidney, in.Spenfer, and every fon- 
»eteer of the time. Nay f their very names were N 

D 3 






y 



.36 AN ESSAY ON THE 

exhibited long before in The Romaunt of the Roje : 
a work, you may venture to look into, notwith- 
ftanding Mafter Prynne hath fo positively allured 
us , on the word of John Gerfon , that the author 
is moll certainly damned, if he did not care for a 
ferious repentance. 6 

Mr. Whalley argues in the fame manner, and 
with the fame fuccefs. He thinks a paffage in The 
Tempefi, 

it — — High queen of (late, * 

<( Great Juno comes; I know her by her gqiV 

a remarkable inflance of Shakfpeare's knowledge 
of ancient poetick ftory; and that the hint was 
furnifhed by the divum incedo regina of Virgil. 7 

You know, honeft John Taylor , the Water-poet, 
declares that he never learned his Accidence , and that 
Latin and French were to him Heathen-Greek ; yet 

* Had our zealous puritan been acquainted with the real 
crime of De Mehun, he would not have joined in the clamour 
again ft him. Poorjehan, itfeems, had raifed the expectations 
of a monaftery in France, by the legacy of a great cheft, and 
the weighty contents of it*, but it proved to be filled with, 
nothing better than vetches. The friars enraged at the ridicule 
and difappointment, would not fuffer him to have chriftian 
burial. See the Hon. Mr. Barrington's very learned and 
curious Obfervations on the Statutes, 410. 1766, p. 24. JFrom 
the Annates d'Aquitaine. Par. 1 537. 

Our author had his full (hare in diftreffing the fpirit of 
this reftlefs man. ** Some Play-books are grown from Quarto 
into Folio ; which yet bear fo good a price and fale, that I 
cannot but with griefe relate it. — Shack/peer's Plates are print- 
ed in the beft Crowne-paper, far better than moft Bibles /" 

7 Others would give up this paffage for the vera inceffa 
fatuit dea ; but I am not able to fee any improvement in the 
matter : even fuppofing the poet had been {peaking of Juno, 
and no previous tranilation were extant. 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEA 



RE 



3, 



by the help of Mr. Whalley's argument, I will 
prove him a learned man , in fpite of every thing, 
he may fay to the contrary: for thus he makes a., 
gallant addrefs his lady : 

" Mod ineftimable magazine of beauty 



in 



whom, the port and majejly of Juno % the wifdom of 
Jove*sbraine-bredgirle,and the feature of Cytherea, 8 
have their domeftical habitation." 

In The Merchant of Venice* we have an oath " By 
two-headed J anus f % and here* fays Dr. Warburton, 
Shakfpeare fhews his knowledge in the antique : 
and fo again does the Water-poet, who describes 
Fortune, 



tt 



Like a Janus with a double face. 



it 



But Shakfpeare hath fomewhere a Latin motto, 
quoth Dr. Sewell; and fo hath John Taylor, and a 
ivhole poem upon it into the bargain. 

You perceive, my dear Sir, how vague and inde« 

* This paffage recalls to my memory a very extraordinary 
fad. A few yiars ago, at a great court on the continent, a 
countryman of ours of high rank and character, [Sir G. H. W.] 
exhibited with many other candidates his complimental 
epigram on the birth-day, and carried the prize in triumph ; 
" O regina orbis prima fe pulcherrima : ridens 
44 £s Venus, incedens Juno, Minerva loquens. n 
Literally ftolen from Angerianus, 

•* Tres quondam nudas vidit Prfameius heros s 

(i Luce deas ; video tres quo que luce dcas. 
" Hoc majus; tres uno in corpore: CotlU ridens 
41 Eft tenus, incedens Juno, Minerva loquens*" 
Delitiae Ital. Poet, by Gruter, under the anagrammatic 
name of Ranutius Gherus, 1608. V. I. p. 189. 

Perhaps the latter part of the epigram was met with in a 
whimfical book, which had its day of fame, Robert fiurton's 
Anatomy of Melancholy* fol. i65?. 6th edit. p. 5 20, 

J> S 






bv 



38 AN ESSAY ON T'HE 

terminate fuch arguments muft be : for in faft this 
Jwcetfwan of Thames, as Mr. 'Pope calls him, hath 
«inorefcraps of Latin, and allufions to antiquity than 
tire any where to be met with in the writings of 
Shakfpeare. I am forry to trouble you with trifles, 
yet what muft be done, when grave men infift upon 
them ? 

It fhould feem to be the opinion of fome modern 
cnticks, that the perfonages of claihck land began 
only to be known in England in the time of Shak- 
fpeare ; or rather, that he particularly had the ho- 
nour of introducing them to the notice of his 
countrymen. 

For inftance, — Rumour painted full of tongues, 
gives us a prologue to one of the parts of Henry the 
Fourth; and, fays Dr. Dodd, Shakfpeare had doubt- 
lefs a view to either Virgil or Ovid in their de- 
fcription of Fame. 

But why fo ? Stephen Hawes, in his Pajlime of 
Pleafure had long before exhibited her in the fame 
manner, 

** A goodly lady envyroned about 
" With tongues of fyre. "* 

andfo had Sir Thomas More in one of his Pageants : 9 

Fame I am called, mervayle you nothing 
Though with tonges I am compafTed all roundc. " 

not to mention her elaborate portrait by Chaucer, 
ih TheBoke of Fame; and by John Higgins, one of 
the affiftants in The Mirrourfor Magijlrates, in his 
Legend of King Albana&e. 

8 Cap. i. 410. i555. 

9 Amongft " the things, which Mayfter More wrote in 
his youth for his paftime, *\ prefixed to his Worses, i557« FoU 






V '• *.. 



it 
it 
cc 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 3 9 

A very liberal writer on the Beauties of Poetry, 
who had been more converfant in the ancient lite- 
rature of other countries, than his own, " cannot 
but wonder, that a poet, whofe claffical images are 
compofed of the fineft parts, and breathe the very 
fpirit of ancient myth6iogy, fhould pafs for being 
illiterate : 

See, what a grace was feated on this brow ! 
Hyperion's curl* : the front of Jove himfelf: 
An eye like Mars to threaten and command : 
A ftation like the herald Mercnry, 
New lighted on a heaven-kifling hill. " Hamlet. 

Illiterate is an ambiguous term : the queftion is, 
whether poetick hiftory could be only known by 
an adept in languages. It is no reflection on this 
ingenious gendeman, when I fay, that I trfe on this 
occafion the words of a better criticlc, who yet was 
not willing to carry the illiteracy of our poet too 
far : — *• They who are in fuch aftonifhment at the 
learning of Shakfpeare, forget that the pagan 
imagery was familiar to all the poets of his time ; 
and that abundance of this fort of learning was to 
be picked up from almoft every Englifti book,, that 
he could take into his hands." For not to infift 
upon Stephen Bateman's Golden Booke of the Leaden 
Goddes, i577, and feveral other laborious compila- 
tions on the fubjeft, all this and much more 
mythology might as perfeftly have been learned 
from the Tejlament of Crefeide,* and the Fairy 
Queen? as from a regular Pantheon or Polymeria 
himfelf. 

* Printed amoggft the works of Chaucer, but really written 
by Robert Henderfdn^ or tienryfon, according to other authorities. 

J It is obfervable that Hyperion is ufed by Spenfer with the 
fame error in quantity. 

D 4 



> 



-rtf* 



> 



*\ 



40 ANESSAYONTHE 

Mr. Upton, not contented with heathen learning, 
when he finds it in the text, muft neceflarily fuper* 
add it, when it appears to be wanting; becaufe 
Shakfpeare mod certainly hath loft it by accident ! 

In Much ado about Nothings Don Pedro fays of the 
infenfibie Benedift, " He hath twice or thrice cut 
Cupid's bow-ftring, and the little hangman dare not 
fboot at him." 

This mythology is not recollefied in the ancients, 
and therefore the critick hath no doubtbut his author 
wrote — "Henchman, — apagc, pujio : and this word 
feeming too hard for the printer, he tr&nflated the 
little urchin into a hangman, a character no way 
belonging to him." 

But this chara&er was not borrowed from the 
ancients; — » it came from the Arcadia of Sir Philip 
Sidney : 

" Millions of yeares this old drive 1 1 Cupid lives ; 

While ftill more wretch, more wicked he doth prove : 
Till now at length that Jove an office gives, 
(At Juno's fuite who much did Argus love) 

In this our world a hangman for to be 
\* Of all thofe fooles that will have all they fee. " 

B. II. c. 14. 

I know it may be obje&ed on the authority of 
fuch biographers as Theophilus Gibber, and the 
writer of the Life of Sir Philip, prefixed to the 
modern editions ; that the Arcadia was not pub- 
lifhed before 16 13, and confequently top late for 
this imitation : but I have a copy in my own pof- 
feflion, printed for W. Ponfonbie, i5go. 4to. which 
hath efcaped the notice of the induftrious Ames, 
and the reft of our typographical antiquaries. 



41 

44 

44 



r 



\ 



^EARNING OF SHAKSPEARE* 41 

r v'. . *. . . 

i Thus likewife every word of antiquity is to be 

tk cut down to the claflical ftandard. 

: . In a note on the Prologue to Troilus and Crtjffida, 

1 (which, by the way, is not met with in the quarto?) 

1 Mr. Theobald informs us, that the very names of 

:- the gates of Troy, have been barbaroufly demoliflied 

• f by the editors : and a deal of learned duft he makes 

infetting them right again ; much however to Mr. 

Heath's fatisfa&ion. Indeed the learning is mo-* 

deftly withdrawn from the later editions, and we 

are quietly iftftrufted to read, 

u Dardan, and Thymbria, Ilia, Scaea, Troian, 
44 And Antenorides." 

But had he looked into the Troy boke of Lydgate, 
infteid of puzzling himfelf with Dares Phrygius, 
he would have found the horrid demolition to have 
b'jen neither the work of Shakfpeare nor his edi- 
:ors : 

'. u Thcrto his cytc | compared cnuyrownc 

a Hadde gates VI to entre into the towne * 
4( The fir ft of all | and ftrengeft eke with all, x 
a Large ft alfo | and mofte pryncypall, 
4 6 Of myghty byldyng | alone perelefs, 
46 Was by the kynge called | Dardanydes ; 
46 And in ftorye | lyke as it is founde, 
44 Tymbria | was named the feconde ; <*. 
6( And the thyrde | called Helyas, 
4 6 The fonrthe gate ) hyghte alfo Cetkeas ; 
44 The. fyfthe Trojana, \ the fy^fb Anthonydes, 
44 Stronge and myghty | both in werre and pes." 4 
Lond. empr. by R. Pynfon, i5i3. fol. B. II. ch. xi. 

4 The Troye Bole was fomewhat modernized, and reduced 
into regular ftanzas, about the beginning of the laft century, 
under th* name of " The Life and Death of Heftor — who 
fought a hundred mayne Battailes in open Field againft the 



it 



42 ANESSAYON THE 

Our excellent friend Mr. Hurd hath borne a noble 
teftiraony on our fide of the queftion, " Shakfpeare," 
fays this true critick, "owed the felicity of freedom 
from the bondage of claflical fuperftition, to the 
wa?it of what is called the advantage of a learned 

Grecians ; wherein there were flaine on both Sides Fourteent 
Hundred and Sixe Thoufand Four/core and Sixe Men" Fol. no 
date. This work, Dr. Fuller and feveral other criticks have 
erroneoufly quoted as the original ; and obferve in confe- 
rence, that " if Chaucer's coin were of greater weight for 
deeper learning, Lydgate's were of a more refined Jiandard for 
purer language : fo that one might mi flake him for a modern 
writer ! " 

Let me here make an obfervation for the benefit of the next 
editor of Chaucer. Mr, Urry, probably mHled by his pre- 
deceffor, Speght, was determined, Procruftes-like, to force 
every line in the Canterbury Tales to the fame ftandard : but 
a precife number of fyllables was not the object of our old 
poets. Lydgate, after the example of his mailer, very fairly 
acknowledges, 

u Well wot I I moche thing is wronge, 
cc Falfcly metryd | both of fhort and longe." 
and Chaucer himfelf was perfuaded, that the rime might 
poflibly be 

a „ Somewhat agreable, 

ti Though fome verfe faile in a fyllable." 

.In fhort, the attention was directed^ to the cafural paufe, 

as tjie grammarians call it ; which is carefully marked in every 

line of Lydgate : and Gafcoigne in his Certayne Notes of In- 

Jlrutfion concerning ike making of Verfe, obferves very truly of 

^ Chaucer, "Whofoeuerdoperufeand well confiderhisworkes, 

he (hall find, that although his lines are not always of one felfe 

fame number of fyllables, yet beyng redde by one that hath 

underftanding, the longeft verfe and that which hath mod 

fyllables in it, will fall to the eare correfpondent unto that 

which hath feweft fyllables in it : and Hkewife that whichc 

hath in it feweft fyllables {hall be found yet to confift of 

vordes that hath fuche natural I founde, as may feeme equal! 

in length to a verfe which hath many moe fyllables of lighter 

accents." 4to, l575. 






*, 



fV ' 



X 



\ * 






«• 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 43 

ducation.i— This, as well as a vaft fuperiority of 
.jenius, hatliN contributed to lift this aftoniftiing 
flan to the glory of being eftecmcd the mod ori- 
|tnal thinker and fpeaker, fince the times of Homer/* 
£nd hence ihdifputably the amazing variety of flyle 
Kid manner, unknown to ail other writers : an ar- 
.timent of it/elf fufficient to emancipate Shakfpeare 
com the fuppofition of a claffical training. Yet, to 
►e honeft, one imitation is fajlened on our poet : 
fcfhich hath been infifted" upon likewife by Mr. 
Sfpton and Mr. Whalley, You remember it in the 
Pmous fpeech of Claudio in Meafurefor Me a Jure : 

*< Ay, but to die and go we know not where ! " &c* 

Moft certainly the ideas of " a fpirit bathing 
11 fiery floods," of refiding " in thrilling regions 
rf thick-ribbed ice," or of being " imprifoned in 
lie viewlefs winds," are not original in our author; 
Ibt I am not fare, that they came from the Pla- 
bnick hell of Virgil. 1 The monjks alfo had their 
tot and their cold hell : " The fyrfte is fyre that 
gyer brenneth, and never gyveth lighte," fays an 
|ld homily: 6 — " The feconde is paflyng colde, 
Pitit yf a grete hylle of fyre were caften therin, it ^ 
Iholde torn to yce." One of their legends, well re- 
membered in the time of Shakfpeare, gives us a dia- 
ogue between a bifhop and a foul tormented in a 

f <& — — — Alls panduntur inanes 
tt Sufpenfae ad ventos : aliis fub gurgite vafto 
a Infeclum eluitur fcelus, aut exuritur igni." 
* At the ende of the fcftyuall, drawen oute oiLegenda anna, 
lo. i5o8. It was firft printed by Caxtori, 1483. " in helpe 
f fuch clerkes who excufe thcym for defaute of bokes, and 
*b by fymplenes -of connyngc," 






* •* 



r 



** 



\ 



1 



r-.--jr 



* a 



1 









9 

I 






K 



f ■ 



44 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



piece of ice, which was brought to cure a grttt i 
ning heatc in his foot: 7 take care you do notir 
pret this the gout, for I remember M. Menageqm 
a canon upon us : 

u Siquis dkeritepifcopumPODACEAlaborare, anathema 

Another tells us of the foul of fc monk feflc 
to a rock, which the winds were to blow about 
a twelvemonth, and purge of its enormities, 
deed this doftrine was before now introduced! 
poetick fi&ion, as you may fee in a poem " wk 
the lover declareth his pains to exceqd far the pa 
of hell," among the many mifceilaneous ones fi 
joined to the works of Surrey. Nay, a very lean 
and inquifitive Brother-Antiquary, ourGreekP 
feffor,* hath obferved to me on the authority 
Blefkenius, thkt this was the ancient opinion of 
inhabitants of Iceland ; 8 who were certainly v 
little read either in the poet or the phi lofopher. 

After all, Shakfpeare's curiofity might lead 1 
to tranjlations. Gawin Douglas really changes 
Platonick hell into the " punytion of faulis in p 
gatory : " and it is obfervable, that when the Gl 
informs Hamlet of his doom there, 

ci Till the foul crimes done in his days of nature 
n Are burnt and purged away. — " 

the expreffion is very fimilar to the bifhop's : 
will give yoirhis verfion as concifeiy as I can; 1 
is a nedeful thyng to fuffer panis and torment 

* On all Joules dayc, p. i5«. 
'.* Mr. afterwards Dr. Lort. 

• IJlandia Defer ipt. Ludg. Bat. 1607. p. 46. 

1 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 45 

in the wyndis, fum under the watter, and in 
fire uthir fum : — . thus the mony vices — 

4 Contrakkit in the corpis be done away 

* And pur git. — " $kh Booke ofEncados, fol.p.igi. 

It feems, however, " that Shakfpeare him/elfin 
±<. Ternpejl hath tranflated fome expreflions of i 

*rgil : witnefs the dea certe" I prefume, we ** 

►«c here directed to the paffage, where Fgfdinand 
£jrs of Miranda, afte? hearing the fpngs of Ariel, 

«i ■■ Moft furc, the goddefi 

ii On whom thefe airs attend." 

ad fo very Jmall Latin is fufficient for this formi- 
Hble tranflation, that if it be thought any honour 
& our poet, 1 am loath to deprive him of it ; but 
Iff horfour is not built on fuch a fandy foundation. 
§5t us turn to a real tranjlator, and examine whe- 
fcer the idea might not be fully comprehended by 
^Englifli reader ; Juppofmgxt ncceffarily boflfciwe'd 
om Virgil. Hexameters in our own language 
re almoft forgotten ; we will quote therefore this 
xne from Stanyhurft : 

tc O to thee, fayre virgin, what terme may rightly be fitted? 

it Thy tongue, thy vifage no mortal frayltie refembleth. 

it — JV'o doubt, agodefe!" Edit. i583. ^ 

Gabriel Harvey defired only to be " epitaph' d, m ' 

ne inventor of the Englifh hexameter" and for a 
riiile every one would be halting otk Roman feet; but « 

ne ridicule of our fellow-collegian Hall, in one 
f his Satires, and^the rcafoning of Daniel, in Kik 
le/ence of Rhyme againii Campion, prefently reduCca ' 
s to our original Gothic^ 



4 6 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



But to come nearer the purpofe, what will 
fey, if I can fhew you, that Shakfpeare, when, ii 
the favourite phrafe, he had a Latin poet in his 
mod affuredly made ufe of a tranflation ? 

Profpero, in the Tcmpcjl, begins the addrefs 
his attendant Jpirits, 

u Ye elves of hills, of (landing lakes, and groves. 1 * 

This fpeech, Dr. Warburton rightly obfervesi 
be borrowed from Medcain Ovid: and " it provq 
fays Mr. Holt, 9 "beyond contradi&ion, that Si 
fpeare was perfe&ly acquainted with the fentime 
of the ancients on the fubjefl of inchantment 
The original lines are thefe : 

a Auraeque, Scventi, montefque, amnefque, lacufqwj 
4t Diiqueomnes nemorum, diique omnes no&ij ad< 

It happens, however, that the tranflation by An 
Golding * is by no means literal, and ShakTj: 
hath clofely followed it : 

u Ye ayres and winds ; ye elves of hills f of brookei>1 

woods alone, 
c i Ofjlanding lakes % and of the night approche ye ev< 



one 



I think it is unneceffary to purfue this any 
ther; efpeciallyasmore powerful arguments awaiti 

In The Merchant of Venice, the Jew, as an apoli 
for his cruelty to Antonio, rehearfes manyjjwj 

9 In fome Temarks on the Tempeji^ pubiMhcd under 
quaint title of An Attempte to refcue that aunciente Engiyh J 
and Playwrighte, Maifter Williaume Shakefpeare, frm 
many Errours, fauljely charged upon him by certaihe new-fo 
Wittes* Lond. 8vo. 1749* p. Si. 

* His work is dedicated to the Earl of Leicefter in a 
epiftle in ▼crfe, from Berwick, April so, 1567. 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE, 47 

thics and antipathies for which no reajon can be 
rendered : 

&t Some love not a gaping pig — 

41 Aud others when the bagpipe fings i'th' nofe, 

it Cannot contain their urine for affeOionJ' 

This incident, Dr. Warburton fuppofes to be 
taken from a paffage in Scaliger* s Exercitations 
againft Cardan: "Narrabo tibi jocofam fympathiam 
Reguli Vqfconis equitis : is dum viveretaudito^Aor- 
mingis foho , urinam illico facere cogebatur."— 
" And," proceeds theDo&or, *' to m^tke this jocu- 
lar ftory flill more ridiculous, Shakfpeare, I fup- 
pofe, tranflated phorminx by bagpipes ." 

Here we feem fairly caught ; — fox Scaliger 1 s work 
was never, as the term goes, done into Englijh. But 
luckily in an old tranflation from the French of 
Peter le Loier, entitled, A Treatife* of Spellers, or 
firaunge Sights, Vifions, and Apparitions appearing 
fmjibly unto Mm, we have this identical ftory from 
Scaliger : and what is flill more, a marginal note 
gives us in all probability the very faft alluded to, 
as well as the word of Shakfpeare : " Another gen- 
tleman of this quality liued of late in Deuonneere 
Exccfter, who could not endure the playing on a 
bagpiper * 

We may juft add, as fome obfervation hath been 
made upon it, that affeSlion in the fenfe oljympathy 

* M. Bayle hath delineated the lingular character of our 
fantaftical author. His work was originally tranflated by one 
Zacharie Jones. My edit, is in 4to. i6o5. with an anony* 
jnous Dedication to the King : the Devonfhire ftory was there- 
fore well known in the time of Shakfpeare. — The paflkgc 
from Scaliger is likewife to be met with in The Optick Glajfc 
of Humors , written, I belieye, by T» Wombwell; and in 
fcyeral other places* 



* 



I 



48 AU ESSAY ON THE 

•;■ was formerly technical ; and fo ufcd by Lord Bacon, 

Sir Kcnelm Digby, and many other writers. 
, A (ingle word in Queen Catherine's chara&cr of 

Wolfey, in Henry VIII. is brought by the Doitora 
another argument for the learning of Shakfpearc: 

ci He was a man 

41 Of an unbounded ftomach, ever ranking 

44 Himfelf with princes ; one that by fuggeftion 

44 Ty'd all the kingdom. Simony was fair play. 

44 His own opinion was his law: i'th* prcfence 

44 He would fay untruths, and.be ever double 

44 Both in his words and meaning. He was never, 

44 But where he meant to ruin, pitiful. 

' .44 His promifes were, as he then was, mighty; 

J * 44 But his performance, as he now is, nothing. 

44 Of his own body he was ill, and gave 
44 The clergy ill example." - 1 

44 Tht vrOT&fuggeflion" fays the cririck, "ishciJ 
ufed with great propriety, undfeeming knowledge 
of the Latin tongue : " and he proceeds to fettle 
the fenfe of it from the late Roman writers and then 
glojfers. But Shakfpeare's knowledge was from 
/ Holinihcd, whom he follows verbatim : 

44 This cardinal was of a great ftomach, for he 
comptcd himfelf equal with princes, and by craft* 
fuggejlion got into his hands innumerable trcafurt: 
i he forced litde on fimonie, and was not pitifull, and 

1 ^ flood affefiionate in his own opinion: in open prc- 

fence he would lie and feie untruth,* and was dou- 
ble both in fpeech and meaning : hie would promifi 
much and performe little: he was vicious ofhii 
bodie, and gaue the clergie euil example/' Edit 
i587* P* 9 22 - 

Perhaps after this quotation, yon may not t 
that Sir Thomas Hanmcr, who reads TytKd—i 



? 



•-.f- 

.-!>. 



■ *;. 



►'■ LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE: 49 

U ftead of — 7yd all the kingdom, deferves ^juite fo 
much of pr. Warburton*s feverity. — — Indifpu- 

: tably the paffage, like every other in thefpeech,* is 
Intended to exprefs .the meaning of the parallel 
one in the chronicle: it cannot therefore be cre- 
dited, thatany man, when the original was produced, 
fhould ftill choofe to defend a cant acceptation; and 
inform us, perhaps, ferioujly, that in gaming lan- 
guage, from 1 know not what pra&ice, to tyt is. to 
equal! A fenfc of the word, as far as I have yet 
found, unknown to our old writers ; and, if known % 
would not furely have been ufed in this place by 
our author. 

But let us turn from coajefture to Shakfpeare's 
authorities. Hall, from whom the above defcrip- 
tion is copied by Holinfhed, is very explicit in the 
demands of the Cardinal : who having iijfolently 
told the Lord Mayor and Aldermen; " For fothe I 
thinke, that halfe your fubftaunce were to litle," 
aflures them by way of comfort at the end of his 
harangue, that upon an average the tythe fhould be 
fufficient; " Sers, fpeake not to breake that thyng 
that is concluded, for Jome fhal not paie the tenth 
parte, andybmfmore." — And again; "Theifaied, 
the Cardinail by vifitacions, makyng of abbottes, 
probates of teftamentes, gfaunting of faculties, li- 
cences, and other pollyngs in his courtes legaiitines, 
had made his threajote egall with the kiriges" Edit. 
1548. p. i38, and 14S. 

Skelton, 4 in his Why come ye not to Court, gives us, 

• 

4 His poems are printed with the title of " Pithy, Plea* 

faunt, and Profitable Workes of Maifter Skelton Poet Laureate" 

£■ — " But," fays Mr. Cibber, after feveTal other writers, ** how 

or by what intereft he was made Laurcat, or whether it was 

E 



• 



It 



+ - 



Jo ANESSAYONTHE 

after his rambling manner, a carious character of 
Wolfcy : 

u — — By and by 

u He will drynke us fo dry 

by a title he aflumed to himfelf, cannot be determined." This 
is an error pretty generally received, and it maybe worth out 
while to remove it. 

A facetious author fays fome where, that a poet laurtet, in 
the modern idea, is a gentleman, who hath an annual ftipend 
for reminding us of the New Year, and the Birth-da}: but 
formerly a Poet Laureat was a real univerfity graduate* 
44 Skelton wore the lain-ell wreath, 
" And paft in fchoels ye knoe." 
fays Churchyarde in a poem prefixed to his works a And 
Mafter Caxton in his Preface to TheBoke ofEneydos, 1490* bath 
a paflage, which well deferves to be quoted without abridge- 
ment : 44 I praye mayfterjMn Skelton, late created poete laureate 
in the univerjite of Oxenforde % to overfee and corre&e thys fayd 
booke, and taddrcfle and expowne whereas (hall be founde 
faulte, to theym that {hall requyre it; for hym I knowe for 
fuffycyent to expowne and Englyfshe every dyfliculte that is 
therein ; for he hath late tranflated the epyftles of Tulle, and 
the book ofDyodorus Sy cuius, and diverfe other workes, out 
of Latyn into Englyfhe, not in rude and old language, but in 
polyihedand ornate termes, craftely, as he that hath redde 
Vyrgyle* Ouyde, Tullye, and all the other noble poets and 
oratours, to me unknowen : and alfo he hath redde the ix 
mufes, and underftands their muficalle fcyences, and to whom 
of them eche fcyence b appropred : I fuppofe he hath dronken 
of Elycons well ! " 

I find, from Mr. Baker's MSS. that our laureat was admitted • 
ad eundem at Cambridge : " An. Dom. I4g3. 8c Hen. 7. nono. 
Conceditur Jo hi Skelton Poete in partibus tranfmarinis atque 
Oxon % Laurea ornato, ut apud nos eadem decoraretur." And 
afterward, "An. i5o4-5 Conceditur jfohi Skelton, Poete 
Laureat. quod poffit ftare eodem gradu hie, quo ftetit Oxoniis^ 
tc quod poffit uti habitu fibi conceffo a Principe." > 

See likewife Dr. Knight's Life ofColet, p. 182. And Re- 
clinches fur les Poetes couronnes, par M. 1 Abb^ du Refuel, 
gn the ffimoires de Litterature, Vol. X. Paris, 4to. 1736*. 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. Bx 

v. 

* 41 And fuckc us fo nyc 

a That men {hall fcantly 

4 6 Haue penny or halpennye 

44 God faue hys noble grace 

44 And graunt him a pMce i 

«4 Endleffe to dwel 
L M i4 With the deuill of hel 

» «4 For and he were there 

44 We nead neurer feare 
a «4 Of the feendes blacke 

h «4 For I undertake 

^ 44 He wold fo brag and crake 

44 That he wold than make 

«4 The deuils to quake 

44 To fhudder and to make 
i 44 Lyke a fier drake 

*i 44 And with a cole rake 

ti 44 Brufe them on a brake 

■. a And binde them to a ftake 
:> 44 And fet hel on fyre 

* 4( At his owne defire 

-; 44 He is fuch/a grym fyre 1" Edit. 1 568. 

B Mr. Upton and fomc other critickes have thought 
b it very fcholar-like in Hamlet to fwear the Centi- 

* nels on a /word: but this is for ever met with. 
For inftance, iflFthe Pajfus Primus of Pierce Plow- 

w man : 

■M 44 Dauid in his dales dubbed knightcs, 

W5 [ 44 And did hem /were on her J word to ferae truth cuer***' 

' *«nd in Hitfonymo, the common tfttft of our author, 
> and the wits of the time, fays Lprcnto to Pedrin- 

* gano, . 

4t Swear on this crofs,, that what thou fay ft is true -r 
44 But if I prove thee perjured and unjuft, 
44 This very /word, whereon thou took' ft thine oath, 
£ ' «4 Shall be the worker of thy tragedy I " 

We have therefore no occation to go with Mr. 

E * 



*» 



** 



Sa AN ESSAY ON THE 

Garrick as far as the French of Brantome to illuf- 
trate this ceremony : s a gentleman, who will be 
always allowed the Jirji commentator on Shakfpearc, 
when be dots not carry us beyond him/elf. 

Mr. Upton, however, in the next place, pro- 
duces a paflage from Henry VI. whence he argues 
it to be very plain, that our authpr had not only 
read Cicero's. Offices, but even more critically than 
many of the editors : 

it This villain here, 

tt Being captain of a pinnace, threatens more 

u Than Bargulus, the ftrong lllyrian pirate*" 

So the wight, he obferves with great exaltation, is 
named by Cicero in the editions of Shakfpeare's 
time, " Bargulus Illyrius latro ;" though the mo- 
dern editors have chofen to call him Bardylis : — 
" and thus I found it in two MSS." And thus he 
might have found it in two tranflations , before 
Shakfpearc was born. Robert Whytinton, i533. 
calls him, " Bargulus a pirate upon the fee of 
Illiry ;" and Nicholas Grimald, atout twenty years 
afterward, •• Bargulus the Illyriaiftobber." 6 

But it had been cafy to have checked Mr. UptOni 
exultation, by obferving, that Bargulus does not 
appear in the quarto. — Which alfo is the cafe with 
fome fragments of Latin verfes, in the different 
parts of this doubtful performance. 

if Mr. Johnfon's edit. Vol. VIII. p. 17 1. 

* I have met with a writer who tells us* that a tranflation 
of the Offices was printed by Caxton, in the year 1481 : but 
fuch a book never exifted. , It it a miftake for Tullius of old 
Age, printed with The Bohe of Fr end/hip e, by John Tip toft, 
Earl of Worccfter. I believe the former was Cranflatedbf 
WHUun Wyrceftre, alias Bo toner. 



ft 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 53 

It is fcarccly worth mentioning, that two or three 
more Latin paffages, which are met with in our . 
author, are immediately tranferibed from the ftory 
or chronicle before him. Thus in Henry V. whofe 
right to the kingdom of France is copioufly demon- 
ftrated by the Archbifliop : 

" ' , , There is no bar 

11 To make againft your highnefs' claim to France, 

44 But this which they produce from Pharamond : 

(i In terram Salicam mulieres ne fuccedant ; 

ct No woman (hall fucceed in Salike land : s$£ 

14 Which Salike land the French unjuftly gloze 

** To be the realm of France, and Pharamond 

44 The founder of this law and female bar. 

44 Yet their own authors faithfully atfirm, 

44 That the land Salike lies in Germany, 

44 Between the floods of Sala and of Elve," 8cc. 

Archbifliop Chichelie, faysHolihfhed, "did much 
inueie againft the furmifed and falfe fained law 
Salike, which the Frenchmen alledge euer againft 
the kings of England in barre of their juft title to 
the crowne of France, The very words of that 
fuppofed law alt the'fc, In terram Salicam mulieres 
ne fuccedant, that is to faie, Into the Salike land 
let not women fucceed; which the French gloffers 
expound to be the realm of France, and that this 
law was made by King Pharamond: whereas, yet 
their owne authors affirme, that the land Salike is 
in Germanie , betweene the rivers of Elbe and 
Sala," 8cc. p. 545, 

It hath lately been repeated from MV. Guthrie**^ 
EJfay upon Englijh Tragedy, that the portrait o^p|r' 
Macbeth' s wife is copied from Buchanan, "whofe * 
fpirit, as well as words, is tranflated into the play 
of Shakfpearc *'and it had fignified nothing to have 

E 3 



« 



.9 



54 AN ESSAY ON THE 

pored only on Holinftied for fa&s" " Animus 

ctiam, per fe ferox, prope quoiidianis conviciis 
uxoris (quae omnium confiliorum ei erat confcia) 
ftimulabatur." — This is the whole, that Buchanan 
fays of the lady % and truly I fee no more Jpirit in 
the Scotch, than in the Engliflb chronicler. •• The 
wordes of the three weird fillers alfo greatly en- 
couraged him, [to the murder of Duncan] but 
fpecially his wife lay fore upon him to attempt the 
thing, as fhe that was very ambitious, brenning in 
unquenchable defire tobeare the name of a queened 

Edit. 1577. P- *44- 

This part of Holinftied is an abridgement of 
Johne Be 11 en den's tranflation of the noblt clerk, 
Hetlor Bocce, imprinted at Edinburgh, in fol. 
1541. I will give the paffage at it is found there. 
" His wyfe impacient of lang tary (as allwemcnar) 
fpecially quhare they ar defirus of ony purpos, gaif 
hym gret artation to purfew the third weird, that 
fche micht be ane quene, call and hym oft tymis 
febyl cowart andnocht defyrus of honouris, fen he 
durft not affailze the thing with manheid and cu- 
rage, quhilk is offerit to hym be beniuolence of 
fortoun, Howbeit findry otheris hes affailzeit fie 
thinges a fore with maift terribyl jeopardyis, quhen 
they had not fie fickernes to fucceid in the end of ' 
thair lauboris as he had." P. 173. 

But we can dtmonjiratt % that Shakfpeare had not 
t the ftory from Buchanan. According to him, the 
■ Aveird-fifters falutc Macbeth, " Una Angufiie jTha- 

♦ mum, altera Moraviae, tertia rcgem" Thane of 

Angus, and of Murray, 8cc. but according to Ho- 
linftied, immediately from Bellenden, as it ftands 
in Shakfpeare : ' • The firft of them fpake and fayde. 



4' 



if' 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 55 

All hayle Makbeth, thane ofGlammis, — the fecond 
of them faid, Hayle Makbeth, thane of Cawder; 
but the third fayde f All hayle Makbeth, that here~ 
after fhall be king of Scotland " P. 243. 



* ' 



" r. Witch. All hail, Macbeth ! Hail to thee, thane of 
Glamii I 

" 8. Witch. All hail, Macbeth I Hail to thee, thane of 
Cawdor ! 

" 3. Witch. All hail, Macbeth! that (halt be king here, 
after ! " 

Here too ourpoet found the equivocal predi&ions, 
on which his hero fo fatally depended. •• He had 
learned of certain wyfards, how that he ought to 
take heede of Macduffe;— — and furely hereupon 
liad he put Macduffe to death, but a certaine witch 
whom he had in great truft, had tolde, that he 
ihould neuer be flain with man born of any woman, 
nor vanquifhed till the wood of Bernane came to 
the caftell of Dunfinane." P. 344. And the fcene 
between Malcolm and Macduff in the fourth aft 
is almoft literally taken from the Chronicle. 

Macbeth was certainly one of Shakfpeare's lateft 
productions, and it might poflibly have been fug- 
gefted to him by a little performance on the fame 
fubjeft at Oxford^before King James, i6o5. I 
will tranferibe my notice of it from Wake's Rex 
Plaionicus : •• Fabulae anfam dedit antiqua de<Regia 
profapia.hiftoriola apud Scoto-Britannos celebrata f 
quae narrat tres olim Sibyllas occurriffe duobus 
Scotia proceribus, Macbetho 8c Banchoni, Sc ilium 
praedixiffe Regem futurum* fed Regem nullum 
geniturum ; hunc Regem non futurum , fed Reges 
geniturum multos. Vaticinii yeritatem rerum 

*4 



56 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



cvcntus comprobavit. Banchonis cnim 4 ftirpc 
potentiffimus Jacobus oriundus. 11 P. 29. 

A ftrongcr argument hath been brought from the 
plot of Hamlet. Dr. Grey and Mr. Whallcy affurc 
us, that for this, Shakfpeare mujl have read Saxo 
Grammaticus in Latin, for no tranflation hath bee* 
made into any modern language. But the truth is, 
he did not take it from Saxo at all; a novel called 
The Hyjlorie of Hamblet, was his original : a frag- 
ment of which, in black Utter, I have been favoured 
with by a very curious and intelligent gentleman, 
to whom the lovers of Shakfpeare will fome time 
or other owe great obligations. 

It hath indeed been faid, that " ujuch anhijlorj 
exijls, it is almoft impoflible that any poet unac- 
quainted with the Latin language (fuppofing his 
percepdve faculties to have been ever fo acute,) 
could have caught the chara&eriftical madnefs of 
Hamlet, defcribed by Saxo Grammaticus 1 fo hap- 
pily as it is delineated by Shakfpeare. 

Very luckily, our fragment gives us a part of 
Hamlet's fpeech to his mother, which fufficiendy 
replies to this obfervation: — "It was not without 
caufe, and jufte occafion, that my geftures, coun- 
tenances and words feeme to proceed from a mad* 
man, and that I defire to haue all men efteeme nice 
wholy depriued of fence and reafonable under- 
ftanding, bycaufe I am well allured, that he that hath 

7 " Falfitatis cnim (Hamlethus) alienus haberi cupldus, it^t 
aftutiam veriloquio permifcebat, ut nee did Is veracitas dec Act, 
nee acuminis modus vcrorum judicio proderetur." This Is 
quoted, as it had been before, in Mr, Guthrie's BJfay on 
Tragedy , with a J mall variation from (he Original, See) e<Uf f 
fol. 1644. p. bo. 



S< 
n 

tl 

h 
t( 

n 

n 

t 
1 
i 
f 









LEARNING OF.SHAKSPEARE. S7 

made no confcicnce to kill his ownc brother, ( ac- 
cuftomed to murthers, and allorcd with defire of 
goucrnement without controll in his treafons,) wili r 
not fpare to fane himfelfe with the like crueltie, in 
the blood, and flefh of the loyns of his brother, by 
him maffacred: and therefore it is better for me 
to fayne madneffe then to ufe my right fences as 
nature hath bellowed them upon me. The bright 
Ihining clearnes therof I am forced to hide vnder 
this fliadow of diflimulation, as the fun doth hir 
beams vnder fome great- cloud, when the wether in 
fummer time ouercafteth : the face of a mad man, 
t ferueth to couer my gallant countenance, and the 
geflures of a fotil are fit for me, to the. end that 
guiding my felf wifely therin I may prcferue my 
life for the Danes and the memory of my late de- 
ceafed father, for that the defire of reuenging his 
death is fo ingrauen in my heart, that if I dye not 
fhortly, I hope to take fuch and fo great vengeance, 
that thefe countryes fhall for euer fpeake thereof. 
Neuerthelefs I muft fiky the time, meanes, and 
occafion, left by making ouer great haft, I be now 
the caufe of mine own fodaine ruine and ouer- 
throw, and by that meanes, end, before I beginne 
to effeft my hearts defire : hee that hath to doe with 
e wicked, difloyall, cruell, and difcourteous man, 
muft vfe craft, and politike inuentions, fuch as fine 
witte can beft imagine, not to difcouer his inter- 
prife: for feeing that by force I cannot affe& my 
defire, fcafon alloweth me by diflimulation, fub- 
tiltie, and £w:ret praftifes to proceed therein." 

But to put the matter out of all queftion, my 
communicative friend, above-mentioned, Mr. Ca- 
pell, (for why ftiould I&ot give myfelf the credit 



'1 

i 

* 

/ 



•* 



Si AN ESSAY ON THE 

of his name ?) hath been fortunate enough to pro- 
cure from the colle&ion of the Duke of Newcaftlc, 
a complete copy of the Hyjlorie of Hamblet, wlycb 
proves to be a tranflation from the French of 
Belleforeft; and he tells me, that " all the chief 
incidents of the play, and all the capital chara&en 
are there in embryo , after a rude and barbarous 
manner : fentiments indeed there are none, that 
Shakfpeare could borrow ; nor any expreflion but 
one, which is, where Hamlet kills Polonius behind 
the arras : in doing which he is made to cry out at 
in the play, "a rat % a ratF — So much for Saxi 
Grammaticus ! 

It is fcarcely conceivable, how induftrionfly the 
puritanical zeal of the laft age exerted itfclf in de- 
fir oy in g, amongft better things, the innocent amufe- 
ments of the former. Numberlefs Tales and Poems 
are alluded to in old books, which are now perhaps 
no where to be found. Mr. Capell informs mc, 
(and he is in thefe matters, the mod able of all 
men to give information,) that our author appears 
to have been beholden to fome novels, which he 
hath yet only feen in French or Italian : bat k 
adds, " to fay they are not in fome Englifb drefs, 
profaic or metrical , and perhaps with circom- 
ftances nearer to his ftories, is what I will not take 
npon me to do : nor indeed is what I believe ; but 
rather the contrary, and that dme and accident 
will bring fome of them to light, if not all. " — 

W. Painter, at the conclufion of the fecond Tome 
of his Palace o/Plcafure, 1567. advertises the reader, 
" bicaufe fodaynly ( contrary to expfffciarion) this 
volume is rifen to a greater heape of leaues, I doe 
omit for this prefent timt Jundry nguels of mery 






■i» 



u 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 



h 



i deuife, referuing the fame to be joyned with the reft 
« of an other part, wherein (hall fucceede the remnant 
r of Banddlo, fpecially futch (fuffrable) as the learned 
i French man Francois de Belleforeft hath felcfted, 
:i and the choyfeft done in the Italian. Some alfo 
out of Erizzo, Ser Giouanni Florentino, Parabofco, 
Cynthio, Straparolt, Sanfouino, and the bed liked out 
of the Queene of Navarre, and other authors. 
Take thefe in good part, with thofe th^t haue and 
fhall come forth." — But I am not able to find that 
a third Tome was ever publifhed: and it is very 
probable, that the intereft of his bookfellers, and 
more efpecially the prevailing mode of the time, 
might lead him afterward to print his Jundry novels 
feparately. . If this were the cafe, it is no wonder, 
that fuch fugitive pieces are recovered with diffi- 
culty ; when the two Tomes, which Tom. Rawlinfon 
would have called jujla volumina, are almoft anni- 
hilated. Mr. Ames, who fearched after books of 
this fort with the utmoft avidity , moll certainly 
had not feen them, when he* publifhed his Typo- 
graphical Antiquities; as appears from his blunders 
about them : and poffibly I royfelf might have re- 
mained in the fame predicament, had I not been 
favoured with a copy by my generous friend r 
Mr. lLoxt. 

Mr. Colman, in the Preface to his elegant tranf- 
lation of Terence, hath offered fome arguments for 
the learning of Shakfpeare, which have been re- 
tailed with much confidence, fince the appearance 
of Mr. Johnfon's edition. 

" Befides the refemblance of particular paffages 
fcattered up and down in different plays, it is 
well known* thatth^ Comedy of Errors is in great 






■?* 



tfV ,* 



* 



f 






60 ANESSAYONTHE 

in e a fare founded on the Menachmi of Plautus; but 
I do not recolleft ever to have feen it obfervcd, 
that the difguife of the Pedant in The Taming of Ik 
Shrew, and his affuming the name and charader 
of Vincentio, feem to be evidently taken from the 
difguife of the Sycophanta io the Trinummus of the 
faid author ; * and there it a quotation from the 

. * This obfervation of Mr. Golman is quoted by hit very 
ingenious colleague, Mr. Thornton, in his tranflation of 
this play : who further remarks, in another part of it, that 
a paflage in Romeo and Juliet , where Shakfpeare fpeaks of the 
contradiction in the nature of love, is very much in the manner 
of his author : 

44 Amor — mores hominum moros 8c m or of os efficit. 
Minus placet quod fuadetur, quod diffuadetur placet, 
Quora inopia'ft, cupias, quando ejus copia'ft, mm non 
velis." 8cc. 

Which he tranfiates with eafe and elegance, 
Love makes a man a fool, 






41 



Hard to be pleas'd. — What you'd perfuade him to, 
41 He likes not, and embraces that, from which ' 
44 You would diffuade him. — What there is a lack of, 
44 That will he covet; — when 'tis in his power, 

44 He'll none on't " K&. 111. fc.'iii* 

Let us now turn to the paflage in Shakfpeare : 
44 — O brawling love ! O loving hate ! — 
44 O heavy lightnefs ! ferious vanity! 
44 Mis-fhapen chaos of well-feeming forms \ 
44 Feather of lead, brightfmoke, cold fire, fick health! 
44 Still-waking fleep ! that is not what it is I " 
Shakfpeare, I am fure, in the opinion of Mr. Thornton, did 
not want a Plautus to teach him the workings of nature ; nor 
are his parallelifms produced with any fuch implication : but, 
I fuppofe\ a peculiarity appears here in the manner of expref- 
fion, which however was extremely the humour of the age. 
Every fonnetteer chara&erifes love by contrarieties. Watfon 
begins one of his canzonets, 

44 Love is a fowre delight, a fugred grlefe, 
*' A living deaths an euer-dying life,** 8cc. 



*■* 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 61 

. Eunuch of Terence alfo, fo familiarly introduced 
' into the dialogue of The Taming oj the Shrew, that 
., I think it puts the queftion of Shakfpeare's having 
g - read the Roman comick poets in the original lan^ 
guage out of all doubt, 

* Redime te captum, quam que as, minimo. '* 

With refpefl: to rejemblances, I fhall not trouble 
you any further. — That the Comedy oj Errors is 
founded on the Menachmi, it is notorious : nor is it 
lefs fo, that a tranflation of it by W. W. perhaps 
William Warner, the author of Albion s England, 

Turberville makes Reajon harangue againft it in the fame 
manner : 

44 A fierie fro ft, a flame that frozen is with ife ! 
44 A heavie burden light to beaie ! a vertue fraught with 
vice ! " 8cc. 
Immediately frpm The Romaunt of the Rofe : 
" Loue it is an hatefull pees 
44 A free acquitaunce without reles — 
44 An heavie burthen light to beare 
44 A wicked wawe awaie" to weare: 
44 And health full of maladie 
44 And charitie full of envie — 
A laughter that is weping aie 
Reft that trauaileth night and dale," Sec. 
This kind oi'anlithefis was very much the tafte of the Provengal 
and Italian Poets ; perhaps it might be hinted by the Ode oj 
Sappho* preferred by Longinus : Petrarch is full of it: 
44 Pace non trovo, e non ho da far guerra, 
44 £ temo, e fpero, edardo, efonun ghiaccio, 
44 £ volo fbpra'l cielo, e giaccio in terra, 
44 £ nulla ftringo, e tutto'l mondo abbraccio." Sec. 

Son'etto io5. 
Sir Thomas Wyat gives a translation of this fonnet* without 
any notice of the original, under the. title of 44 Description of 
the contrarious paffions in a Louer^ amongft the Songes and 
SoneUes, by the Earle of Surrey, smd Others, 1574. 



4( 
CC 












62 AN ESSAY ON THE 

was extant in the time of Shakfpeare ; 9 though! J 
Mr. Upton, and lb me other advocates for his 
learning, have cautioufly dropt the mention of it 
Befides this, (if indeed it were different*) in the 
Gejla Grayorum, the Chriftraas Revels of the Gray* 
Inn Gentlemen, i5g4, " a Comedy of Errors like to 
Plautus his Menachmus was played by the Players." 
And the fame hath been fufpc&cd to be the fubjed 
of the goodlie Comedy of Plautus, afted at Green- 
wich before the King and Queen in i5ao ; as we 
learn from Hall and HolinChed : — Riccoboni highly 
compliments the Englifh on opening their ftage fo 
well ; but unfortunately, Cavendifti in his Life of 
Wolfey, calls it, an excellent Interlude in Latin** 
About the fame time it was exhibited in C^tnntb 
at Nurcmburgh, by the celebrated Hans Sachs, the 
Jhoemaker. 

•• But a charafler in The Taming of the Shrew is 
borrowed from the Trinummus 9 and no tranflation 
of that was extant." 

Mr. Colman indeed hath been better employed: 
but if he had met with an old comedy, called 
Suppofes, tranflated from Ariofto by George Gat 
coigne;* he certainly would not have appealed to 

9 It was publiuiedin4to. i5g5. The punter ofLangbaine, 
p. 524, hath accidentally given the date, l5i5. which hath 
been copied implicitly oy Gildon, Theobald* Cooke, and 
fevcral others. Warned it now aim oft forgotten, yet the old 
criticks efteemed him one of " our chiefe heroic*! makers." — 
Meres informs us, that he had " heard him termed of the beft 
wits of both out Univerfities, our Englifh Homer" 

* His works were fir ft collected under the Ongular title of 
** A hundredth fundrie Flowres bounde up in one fmall 
Poefie. Gathered partly (by tranflation) in the fjrne out- 
Undiih gtrduu of Euripides, Ouii % Ptfrarki, Ariofto, and cithers : 



..* 



W 



V 



■:S!" 



\ 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 



63 



Plautus. Thence Shakfpeare borrowed this part 
of the plot, (as well as fome of the phrajfeology f ) 
though Theobald pronounces It his own invention: 
k^theTe likewife he found the quaintname oiPctruchio* 
" My young mailer and his man exchange habits and 
characters, and perfuade ^Scenaefe, as he is called, 
to perfonate the father, exaSly as in the Taming of 
the Shrew \ by the pretended danger of his coming 
from Sienna to Ferrara, contrary to the order of the 
government. 

Still, Shakfpeare quotes a line from the Eiinucfu 
of Terence : by memory too, and what is more,, 
•' purpofely alters it, in order to bring the fenfe 

within the compafe of one line." This remark 

was previous to Mr. Johnfons ; or indifputably it 

would not have been madeatall. "Ourauthor 

had this line from Lilly ; which I mention that it 
ftiay not be brought as an argument of his learning.** 
" But how," cries an unprovoked antagonift, 
44 can you take upon you to fly, that he had it from 
Lilly, and not from Terence?" ' I will ajifwer for 
Mr. Johnfon, who is above anfwering for himfelf. 
- — Becaufe it is quoted as it appears in the gram* 
Marian, and not as it appears in the poet. —And 
thus we have done with the purpofed alteration. 
Udall likewife in his Flourcs for Latin f peaking* 

and partly by inuention, out of our own fruitcfull orcharde* 
in Englandc : yelding fundrie fweet fauors of tragical, comi- 
cal, and morall difcourfes, bothc pleafaunt and profitable to 
the well fmellyng nofes of learned readers. 1 ' Black letter^ 
4to. nd date. 

' W. Kenrick's Review of Dr. Johnfon's edit. ofShak* 
fpearc, 1765. 8vo. p. Xo5, 






v.. 









..*» 



Vs 



»» ' . 






V 



64 AN ESSAY ON THE { 

gathered out of Terence, i56o, reduces the paffage 
to a fingle line, and fubjoins a tranflation. ' 

We have hitherto fuppofed Shakfpeare the an- 1 
thor of the Taming of the Shrew , but his property j 
in it is extremely difputable. I will give you iriy .1 
opinion, and the reafons on which it is founded. I 
I fuppofe then the prefent play not originally the ! 
work of Shakfpeare, but reftbred by him to the | 
ftage, with the whole Indu&ion of the Tinker, and 
fome other occafional improvements ; efpecially 
in the character of Petruchio. It is very obvious, 
that the induction and the play were either the works 
of different hands, or written at a great interval 
■ of time: the former is in our author's bejl manner, 
and the greater *part of the latter in his worjl, or 
even below it. Dr. Warburton declares it to be 
certainly fpurious :- and without doubt, fuppojing it 
to have been written by Shakfpeare, it muft have 
been' one of his earliejl produftions ; yet it is not 
mentionedin the lift of his works by Meres in i5g8* 
'[ I have met with.li facetious piece of Sir John 
fiarringtph, printed in. i5g6, (and poffibly there may 
be an earlier edition,) called, The Metamorphojis of 
Ajax, where I fufpeft an allufion to the old play: 
'• Reade the booke bi Taming a Shrew, which hath 
made a number of us fp perfect, that now every one 
can rule a ftirew in bur countrey, fave he that hath 
hir." — I am aware, a modern linguift may objeft, 
that the word book does not at prefent feem drama* 
tick, but it was once almoft technically fo : Goflbn, 
in his Schovle of Abufe, " contayning a pleafaunt 
inue&iveagainftPaeft, Pipers, Players, Jejlers, and 
fuchlikc Caterpillars of a common-wealth," i57g. 
mentions " twoo profe bo oka plaied at the Bel- 



■i 



r . " •s*- ' ' • --m 



* 









■>« JV 



. * ^v* . 



llARNIN® OF SHAKSPEARE. 65 

• • 

fauage;" and Hearne tells us in a note at the end 
of William of Worccfler, that he had feen " a MS< 
in the nature of a. play or interlude, intitled, ThcBooke 
of Sir Thomas Moore" * 

And in fail, there is fuch an old anonymous play 
in Mr. Pope's lift,; ,f . A pleafant conceited Hiftory^ 

4 I know indeed, there is extant a very old poem, in black 
Utter* to which it might have been fuppofed Sir John Har- 
rington alluded, had he not fpoken of the difcovery as a new 
one, and recommended it as worthy the notice of his country- 
men : I am perfuaded the method in, the old bard will not be 
thought either. At t tfee end of the fixth volume oiLeland's 
Itinerary, we are favoured by Mr. Heafne with a Macarbnick 
poem on a battle at Oxford between the fcholars and the towns- 
men : on a line of which, 

*' Invarfunt aulas bychefon cum forth geminantes," . 
our commentator very wifely and gravely remarks : " Bychefon, 
id eft,/o» of a byche, ut e codice Rawlinfoniano edidi. Ed 
nempe modo quo 8c olim whorfon dixerunt pro Jon of a whore. 
Excmpla habeiflus cum alibi tuminlibello quodam fepido 8c 
antiquo (inter codices Seldenianos in Bibl. Bodl.) quiinfcri-> 
fcitur : The Wife lapped in MoreVs Skyn : or the TaminKvf.a 
Shrew. Ubi pafef'S'6, fie legimus : '*m * 

44 They wreftled togyther thus they tirx> * 

4t So long that the clothes afunder went. 
44 And to the ground he threwe her tho, 

44 Thatcleane from the backe herfmock he rent.' 
44 In*ejfefy hand a rod he gate, 

* 4 , Atid layd upon her a. right good pace : 
44 4^t£ng of her what game was that, 

44 Xnd fhe cried out, Horefon, alas, alas," 
3£t pag. 42. f 

14 Come downe now in this feller fo deepc, 

44 And morels fkin there (hall you fee : 
44 With many a rod that hath made me to weepe, 
When the blood ranne downe faft by my knee. 
The mother this beheld, and cryed out, alas : 
44 And ran out of the feller as (he had been wood* 
She came to the table where the company was, 
%4 And fayd out, horefon, I will fee thy harte blood."/ 

F 



it 
it 

it 



* f 



4* 66 AN ESSAY ON TJ1E 



16 



called, The Tuning of a Shrew — fundry times aded 
by flkc'tarl of Pembroke his Servants." Which 
^ feeflw to have been republiflped by the remains of 

\ that company !m 1607. when Shakfpeare's copy 

♦ appeared at the Black-Friars or the Globe. — Nor 

let this feem derogatory from the character of our 
poet. There is no reafon to believe, dutt he wanted 
to claim the play as his own ; it was not even printed 
till fome years after his death : but he merely revived 
it on his fiage as a manager. — Ravenfcroft affixes 
us, that this was really the cafe* with Titus Andro- 
) * mens ; which, it may be obfervdil, hath not Shak- 

{jpeare's name on the title-page of .the only edition 
J^ jtaiblifhed in his life-time. Indeed, from every inter- 
nal mark, I have not the leaft doubt buLffrit horrible 
piece was originally written by the author of the 
Cues thrown into the month of the pUgr,ia Hamlet* 
and of the tragedy of Locrine : which Hkcwifc from J 
# fome aflifiance perhaps given to his friend, hath been ' " -- 

unjuftly and ignorantly charged upon Shakfpeare. 

Bnt the Jheet-ancfar holds fail : Shakfpeare him* 
felf hath left fom$ panllations from Ovid. " The 
Epiftles," fays one, " of Paris and Helen, give a 
fufficient proof of his acquaintance with /Art poet:" 
" And it may be concluded," fays another, " that 
he was a competent judge of other authors, who 
wrote in the fame language." 

This hath been the univerfal cry, from Mr. Pope 
himfelf to the criticks of yefterday. Poffibly, how- 
ever, the gendemen will hefitate a moment, if we 
.y tell them, that Shakfpeare was not the author of 

thefe tranflations. Let them turn to a forgotten 
book, by Thomas Heywood, called, Britaines Troy 9 
printed by W. Jaggsurdin 1609. foL and they will 






• " 



% 



* 



•* 
* 






LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. fj ' . 

find thefe identical Epiftles, lf which being fo^ej- * 

tinent to our hiltone," fays Heywood, " / thouglfc *f* 

neceflarie to tranflate." — How then cjjne they afcri- * ' 

bed to Shakfpeare? We will tell therd that likewife* $* 

The fame voluminous writer publifhed an Apology v 

for ASlors^fciqu^b 1 a. and in an Appendix dire&ed. 
to his new pnjiter, Nic. Okes, he accufes his old 
one, Jaggard, of " taking the two Epijlles of Pari$ 
to Helen and Helen to Paris, and printing them in a 
lefs Volume, and under the nanuLp&moMer ; — but 
he was much offended with Mailer Jaggard, that *■ 

altogether unknowne to him, he had prefumed t©£ 
make fo bold with his name." ' In the fame work of ^ * *jj(* 
Heywood axijgll the other tranflations, which have 
been printeaftt the modern editions of the poems of 
Shakfpeare. * , 
ifr. You now hope for land: We have feen through 
Pintle matters, but what tnnft be done with a whole 
book? — Ini75i, was reprinted, " A compendious 
or briefe Examination of certayne ordinary Com* 
plaints of diuers of our Countrymen in thefe our 
Days : which although they are in fome Parte un- 
juft and friuolodlj yet are they all by way of Dia- 
logue throughly debated and difcuffed by William 
Shakfpeare, Gentleman." 8vo. 

This extraordinary piece was originally publifhed 

' It may fcem little matter of wonder, that the name of 
Shakfpeare mould be borrowed for the benefit of the book- 
feller ; and by the way, as probably for a play mpoem : but _ 
modern criticks may be furprifed perhaps at the complaint of * 
John Hall* that ** certayne chapters of the Proverbes % trans- 
lated by him into EnglHh metre, i55o, had before been 
untruely entitided to be the doyngs of Mayfter Thomas 
Sternhold*" * * + 

F 2 



-«■' 

- « 



* 



• 



*».. 



68 ,^N ESSAY ON THE 

in 4to. i58i. and dedicated by the author, " To 
^the mod vertuous and learned lady, his mo ft deare 
and foveraigne prince fle, Elizabeth ; being inforced 
by her Majefties late and fingular clemency in par- 
doning certayne his unduetifull mifdemeanour." 
And by the modern editors, to the late King ; as 
*' a treatife compofed by the moft extenfive and 
fertile genius, that ever any age or nation produced." 
Here we join iffue with the writers of that excel- 
lent though very unequal work, the Biographia Br* 
tannica : 6 ".If," fay they, " this piece could be writ- 

».» 6 I muft how^Tcr correal a remark in the Life of Spenfc 

which is impotently levelled at the firtt critic ks of the age. 
It is ohferved from the correfpondence ofSpenfer and Gabriel 
Harvey, that the plan of The Fairy Queen % was laid, and part 
of it executed in i58o, three years before the Giernfalemnu 
"Liberata was printed : " hence appears the impertinence olM 
11 the apologies for his choice of Ariqftd's manner in prefc*S 
ence of Tajfo's!" . ■ J 

But the fact is not true with refpeel to Taffo. Manfo and 
Niceron inform lis, that his poem was publimed, t hough ta- 
per fe£Hy, in i574; and I myfelf tan affure the biographer, 
that I have met with at Ieafl^x other editions, preceding his 
date for its firft publication. I fufpecl, tj^ Baillet is account- 
able for this miftake : who in thejugemens des Sgavans, Tom. III. 
p. 3 99, mentions no edition previous to the quarto, Venice, 1 583. 
It is a queftion of long Handing, whether a part of The 
Fairy Queen hath been loft^ or whether the work was left 
unfinijhed : which may effcclually be anfwered by a fingle 
quotation. William Browne publifliedfome Poems in fol. 1616. 
under the name of Britannia's Pajlorals, " efteemed tken" fays 
Wood, " to }>e written in a fublime ftrain, and for Pubic & 
.j^ amorous and very pleafing" — In one of which, Book II. 

- Song i. he thus fpeaks of Spenfer : 

tt He fung th' heroicke knights of faiery land 

(i In lines fo elegant, offuch command, 

cc That had thfcTnracian plaid but halfe fo well, 

it He had n4fi left Eurydice in hell. » 



ren< 









« 






LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 69 

ten by our poet, it would be abfolutel)KlfJEcifive in 
the difpute about his learning; for many quotations 
appear in it from the Greek and Latin clafficks." ,^ 
The concurring circumftances o(,|he name, and 
the mif demeanour f which is fuppofed'to be the old 
flory of deer-Jlealing, feem fairly to challenge our 
poet for the author : but they hefitate. — His claim 
may appear to be confuted by the date i58i. when . 
Shakfpeare was only Jeventeen, and the long expe- 
rience, which the writer talks of.' — But I will not 
. keep you in fufpenfe : the book was not written by 
Shakfpeare. 

Styrpe, in his Annals, calls the .author some 
learned man; and this gave me the firft fufpicion. I 
knew very w$ll, that honeft John (to ufe the lan- 
guage of Sit* Thomas Bodley) did not wade his 
time wfch fuch baggage books as plays and poems ; yet 
t I mud fuppofe,' that he had heard of the name of 
* Shakfpeare. After a while I met with the original 
^dRtion. Here in the title-page, and at the end of 
jfy dedication, appear only the initials, W.S.Gent, 
andprefendy I was informed by Anthony Wood, 

* 

* * 

it But e're he^f^&ed his melodious fong % 

44 An hoft of angels flew the clouds among, 
.44 And rapt this fwan from his attentive mates, - » 

44 To make him one of their aflbejates 

44 In heauens faire quire : where now he fings the praife 

44 Of him that is the Jirft and loft of dates " . 
It appears, that Browne was intimate with Dray ton, Jonfon, * 

and Selden, by their poems prefixed to his hook : he had 
therefore good opportunities of being acquainted with the fa 61 
abovementioned. Many of his poems remain in MS, "We w^ 

have in our library at Emmanuel a mafque of his, prefented at ^P 

the Jnner Xempli#5 an - ^> M>I4- The fubje^ is the ftory 
of Ulyfles and Circe. "V 



«» 



.» 



J 



M 



7 o ANESS.AY ONTflE 

« 

*» that the book in queftion was written, not Jt>y Wil- 

«. Ham Shakfpeare , but by William Stafford, Gen- 

tleman: 7 which at once accounted for the mifde- 

^ meanour in the dedication, ifttftr Stafford had been 

concerned at that time, and was indeed afterward, 
as Camden and* the other annalius inform us, with 
fame of the comparators againft Elizabeth ; which 
he properly calls his unduetifull behaviour. 
■ § - I hope by this time, that any one open t€> QOpt 

• ^ viftion may be nearly fatisfied ; and I will profljftf}. 1 

to give you on this head very little more troublit> 
The juftlv 'celebrated Mr. Warton bath favoured 
us f in his lift of Dr. Bathurji, with fome hearjaj 
particulars concerning Shakfpeare from the papers 
of Aubrey, which had been ip the hands of Wood ; 
and 1^ o^ght, not to fupprefs them, as the lajl teems 
to rrafce againft my do&rine. They came origi- 
nally, I find, on confulting the MS. from one Mr. 
Bcefton : and 1 am fure Mr. Warton, whom I have 
the honour to call my friend, and an aflbciate in 

* the qUjeftion, will be-in no painabout their credit. 
* " .ItfffliaiaShfckfpeare's father was a typitcher, — * 

whfl^Tle was & boy he exercifed his father's trade*, 
but when he killed a calf, he wo*ld do it in a high 
ftyle, and make a fpeeclu This William being 
***" inclined naturally to poetry and a&ing, came tot 
jg ^London, ?*guefs, about eighteen, and was an a£lot 
ip one of the playhoufes, and did aft exceedingly 

* well. He began early to make effays in dramatique 

7 F&fti> sd edit. v. I. 208. -r- It will be feen on turnipg 

to the former edition, that the latter part of the paragraph 

belongs to another Stafford. — I have fince obferved£4$$| 

** Wood is not the firft, who hath given us the true ^nt^jjn^tt 

the pamphlet. ■ * * 



* * 



* 



.■* 



- 1 



#■ 



& 



**"* 



,» 




LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 71 

poetry. — • The humoiyr of the Conftable in the 
Midfummer NighCs Dream he happened to take at 
Crendon 8 in Biri^r-- I think, I have been told, 
that he left near fliree hundred pounds to a Jijler. — 
He underjlood Latin pretty well, for he had been in 
his younger yeares afchoolmajler in the country? 

I will be fliort in my animadverfions ; and take 
them in their order. 

/v The account of the trade of tike family is not 
ly contrary to all other tradition, but, as it may 
em, to the inflrument from the Herald'* Office, 
fo frequently reprinted. vSh&hfaeare ritoft cer- 
tainly went to v London, and commenced afior 
through neceffity, not natural inclination. — Nor 
have we any reafon to fuppofe , that he did aft 
exceeding well. Rowe tells us, frbra the informa- 
tion of Bettcrton, who was inquifitive>1nto this 
point, and had very early opportunities of inquiry 
frpm Sir W. D'Avenant, that ho, was no extraordi- 
nary aMor ; and that the top of his performance wa$ 
the Ghoft in his. own Hamlet. Yet this chtfcToeuvrc^ 
did no$ pleafe : I will give you a,n ori^dt ftrdke 
at it. Dr. Lodge, who was for ever peffermg the' 
town with pamphlets, publiflied in the year i5g6 f ' 
Wits Miferie, and the ^Worlds Madnejfe, dif covering, 
the Devils incarnat of this Age, 4to. X)ne of thefe.* 
devils is Hate-virtue, or Sorrow for another md** 



• **V 



9 It was obferved in the former edition, that this price 

is not met with in Spelmau's Villare^ or in Adams's Index; 

nor, it might have been added, in the Jirft and tne loft per- 

*■ formance of this fort, Speed's Tables^ and Whatlefs Gazetteer: 

haps, however, it may be meant under the name of 

randon; — but 1 the inquiry is of no importance. — If'fhould^ 

Miidi, be written Credendon ; though better antiquaries than 

'QSubrcy haye acquiefted in the vulgar corruption. 

F 4 



* 



* 






f 



** 



&>t 



* 



% 






,* , 



» 



t 



•K 



.f. 



f. 



i? 



V 



% 
4 



74 ANESSAYONTHE 

In the next place , unfortunately , there is neither 
fach a charattet' as a ConJlabU in the Midfummer 
Night's Dream ; nor was the three hundred pounds 
legacy to ajijler, hut a daughter. 

And to clofe the whole, it is not poffiblc, ac- 
cording to Aubrey himfelf, that Shakfpeare could 
have been Ionic years a Jchoolmajler in the country, 
on which circumftance only the fuppofition of his 
learning is profeffedly founded. He was not furely 
very young, when he was employed to kill 'calves, 
and commenced player about eighteen!— The truth 
is f that he left his father, for a wife, a year fooner; 
and had at leaft two children born at Stratford be- 
fore he retired from thence to London. It is there- 
fore fufficiently clear, that poor Anthony had too 
much reafon for his chara&er of Aubrey. You will 
find it in his own account of his life , publifhed by 
Hearne , which I would earneftly recommend to 
any hypochondriack : 

" A pretender to antiquities, roving, nlago tie- 
headed, and fometimes litde>4>etter than crafed: 
and being exceedingly credulous, woqld fluff his 
many letters fin t to A. W. with folliries and mif- 
informations." P. 577. 

a&ing in Hamlet hys trageoye, from, cpnverfay t ions mani- 
fold, whych had palled between them, and opinions gyren 
by Alleyn touching that fubjecl. Shakfpeare did not take 
1 thjfi talk in good forte ; but Jonfon did put an end to the 
ftryic wyth wittielie faying, thys affaire needeth no conten- 
tion : you dole it from Ned no dojjbjli : do not marvel : 
haue you notfeene hym a£te tymes out of number? 1 ' — This 
is pretended to be printed from the original MS. dated 1600; 
which agrees well enougn with Wood 1 * Claruit : but unluckily, 
Peelc was deid at leaft two yeaw. Before. " As Anacreon 
$ied" by the pot, fays Meres, folGcorge Peeler by the p&t" 
*&tfi Treafury^ i5g8. p. *86. 



■« 



4*. 






■J* 






* * 









J-- 



LEARNING OF^ SHAKSPEARE. 7 5 '>" 



Thus much for the learning %f Shakfpeare with 
refpeft to the undent languages: indulge me with 
an obfervation or two on the fuppofed knowledge 
of the modern ones , and I will promife to re- 
leafe you. 

" It is evident, "we have been told, " that he was 
not unacquainted with the Italian :" but let us in- 
quire into the evidence. 

Certainly fome Italian words and phrafes appear 
in the works of Shakfpeare ; yet if we had nothing 
elfe to obferve , fcheir orthography might lead us to 
fhfpeft them to he not of the writer's importation. 
But we can go further, and prove this. 

When Piftoi "cheers up hiipfelf with ends of 
verfe ," he is only a copy of Hanniball Gonfaga, 
who ranted on yielding himfelf a prifoner to an 
Englifh captain in the Low Countries , as you may 
read in an old colle&ion of tales t called Wits., Fits, 
and Fancies , f 

it Si fortuna me» tormenta, 
it II fpcranza M . contenta." 

And Sir Richard Hawkins , in his voyage to the 
South-Sea, i5g3, throws out lie fame jingling* 
diftich on the lofs of his pinnace. W,* 

• « Mafter Page , fit ; §bod Mafter Page , fit ; Ft o- 
jact. What you want in meat , we'll have in drink , n 
faysjuftice Shallow' §fac tqtum, D^vy, in the Second 
Yzrt of Henry <*!%, 

f By one Adjpj(iy Copley, 4to. black letter, it feeras to 

have had many editions ; perhaps the laft was in 1614* — 

/The firft piece of 'thl$ fort, th^t I 'gave met with, was printed 

ty T. Berthelet, 'though not mentioned try Ames, called, 



4t 



Tale 
4to. no 



5, and qujekeaaflreres ycry mcry and plcafant to rede* 19 

date, ** 






'* * 



•* 



*• 



A ' 



V 1 



• 






•si 



76 AN ESSAY ON THE 

Proface, Sir Thomas Hanmer obferves to be 
Italian, from profaccia, much good* may it do you. 
Mr. Johnfon rather thinks it a miftake for perforce. 
Sir Thomas however is right; yet it is no argument 
for his author's Italian knowledge. 

Old Heywood, the epig'rammatift, addreffed his 
readers long before , 

«c Readers, reade this thus: for preface, preface^ 
ii Much good do it yon, the poore repaft here," 8cc. 

Woorkes, Lond. 4to. i56«. 

And Decker in his play, If it be nit good , the Diuel 
is in it* (which i* certainly triift, for it is full of 
devils,) makes Shackle-foule, in the chara&er of 
Friar Rufh , tempt his brethren with " choice of 
difhes ," 

" To which proface; with blythe lookes fit yee." 

Nor hath it efcaped the quibbling manner of the 
Water-poet , in the title of a poem prefixed to his 
Praife of Hemp feed: •• A Preamble, Preatrot, Prea- 
gallop , Preapace , or Preface ; and Proface , my 
Matters , if your Stomacks ferve." 

But the editors are not contented without coin- 
ing Italian. " Rivo, fays the drunkard ," is an ex- 
preflion of the madcap Prince of Wales ; which Sir 
Thojp^s Hanmer correfls *to Ribi , drink away , or 
again, asitftquld be rather tranflated. Dr. War-- 
burton accedes 4p this; and Mr. Johnfon hath 
admitted it into his text; but with aji obfervation , 
that Rivo might poflibly be the cant of Englilh 
taverns. And fo indeed it was : it occurs frequently 
11} Marftoq, Take a quotation from his comedy 
of What you will , 1607. 






#f 



LEARNING OK SHAKSPEARE. 



7? 






" Mufickc, tobacco, fackc, and fleepe, 
*' The tide of forrow backward keep : 
** If thou art fad at others fate, 
44 Rivo, drink deep, give care the mate/' 

In Loves Labour's Lojl, Boyet calls Don Armado 9 



u 



A Spaniard that keeps here in court, 



" A phantafme, a monarchic — — " 

Here too Sir Thomas is willing to palm Italian up- 
on us. We fliould read, it feems , mammuccio , a 
maramet, or puppet: Ital. Mammuccia. "Bat the 
allufion is to a fan tafticalr haraBer of the time. — 
•• Popular applaufe ," fays Meres, " dooth nourifh 
fome, neither do they gape after any other thing, 
but vaine praife and glorie , — as in our age Peter 
Shakerlye of Paules, and Monarcho that liued 
about th£ court." P. 178. 

I fancy, you will be fatisfied with one more in- 
fiance. 

•' Baccare , You are marvellous forward," quoth 
Gremio to Petruchio in the Taming of a Shrew. 

" But not {o forward " fays Mr. Theobald, " as 
our editors are. indolent* This is a flupid corruption 
of the prefs, that none of them have dived into. 
We mufl read Baccalare /as Mr. Waiburton acutely 
obferved to me , by which the ItaliarukUoean , T&ou 
ignorant, prefumptuous man." —j^t 4 * Properly, in-, 
'deed," adds Mr. Heath , •• a graduated fcholar , but 
ironically and farcallically , a pretender to fcholar- 
iliip/- ' 

This is admitted by the editors and criticks of 
every denomination. Yet the word is neither wrong, 
nor Italian: it was an old proverbial one. . ufci 

• 4 % 



9 
1 






t 



* 



ti 



*■ 



73 AN ESSAY ON THE- 



qnently byJohnHeywood; who hath made, what 
he pleafes to call, epigrams upon it. 
Take two of them t fuch as they are : 

" Backare, quoth Mortimer to his fow * - 

** Went that fow backt at that biddyng trowe you?'* 

41 Backfire, quoth Mortimer to his fow : fe 
44 Mortimers fow fpeakth as good latin as he. 1 * 

Howel takes this from Heywood, in his Old Sawcs 
and Adages: and Philpot introduces it into the 
Proverbs collc&ed by Camden. 

We have but few obfervarions concerning Shak- 
fpeare's knowledge of the Spanifh tongue. Dr. 
Grey indeed is willing to fuppofe , that the plot of 
Romeo and Juliet may be borrowed from a comedy 
of Lopes de Vega, But the Spaniard , who was 
certainly acquainted with Ban dell o , hath not only 
changed the cataftrophe, but thfc names of the cha- 
racters. Neither Romeo nor Juliet; neither Mon* 
Yi tague nor Capulct, appears in this performance: 

and how came they to the knowledge of Shak- 
* fpcare? — Nothing is more certain, than that he 
. chiefly followed the tranflation by Painter, from 
the French of fioifteau , and hence arife the devi- 
ations from Bandello's original Italian. 4 It feems, 

p+ 6 It if remarked* that "Paris, though in one place called 

iart % is mo ft commonly ftiled the ceuntie in this play. Shak* 

•* *■ * (peare feems to have*preferred, for fome reafon or other, the~ 

Italian conic to our count : — perhaps he took k ftom the old 

/* EnglHh novel, from which he is faid to have taken/iif plot.**— 

He certainly did fo : Paris is there jfirft ftiled ijmtng earle, 
and afterward, countc, counted and county ; according to the 
mjf tmfettled orthpgraphy of the time. 
t .*' , , The word fcfwever is frequently met with in other writers ; 
gatticularlf in Fairfax ': . 



* 



r l i * 



** 



** Tjpr ■ ■** * *' *""■ 



».» • ■ 



*V 






Jit <£ 



?%. 



.< * 






'-ft 

s. >4- 



LEARNING OF SJiAfcSPEARE. 79 

however, from a paflagcm Amh's Typographical 
Antiquities , that Painter was not the only tranflator 
of this popular ftory: and it "is poflible therefore, * 

that Shakfpeare might have other affiflance. 

In the lndu&ion to The Taming of the Shrew , the 
Tinker attempts to talk Spaniili : and consequently * 

the author himfelf was acquainted with it. 

"" Ptucus pallabris y let the world Aide, fcjfa" 

+ But this is a burLefque on Hieronymo ; the piece of 
bombaft, that I have mentioned to you before: 

44 What new device have they devifed, trow? 
" Pocas pallabras" 8cc. — 

Mr. Whalley tells us , the author of this piece 
hath the happinefs to be at this time unknown , the 
remembrance of him having perifhed with him- 
felf ; M Philips and others afcribe it to one William 
Smith: but I take this opportunity of informing < 
him , that it was written by Thomas Kyd ; if he 
will accept 'the authority of his contemporary , ^% 

Heywood. ^ 

More hath been faid concerning Shakfpeare 1 * * 



At 

it 



>" # K 



As when a captaine doth beficge fome hold, 

" Set in a marifli or high on a hill, 
" And trieth waies and wiles a thoufand fold* . 

" To bring the piece fubje&ed to his will ; y 9|r 

*' So far'd the countie with the pagan bold." See. V , ™* 

Godfrey of Bulloigne % Book VII. ft. go. 

•* Fairfax,'* fays Mr. Hume, hath tranflated? Taffo with an 
elegance and pd£i and at the fame time with an exa&nefs, 
which for th£&qgfe ate furpriGjig. Each line in the original 
is faithfully rtfnA^red by a ctorrefpondent line in the tranfla- 
tion." The former part of this chata&er is extremely true \ 
but the latter not quite fo. In the book above jjaoMfcl Taffo 
and Fairfax do not even agree in the number of jRftt£w# 

J.V ■ ■ 

T* j 



\ 



8o AN ESSAY ON.THE 

* 

acquaintance with the Trench language. In the) 
play of Henry V. we have a whole fcene in it, and 
in other places it occurs familiarly in the dialogue. 
We may obferve in general , that the early edi- 
tions have not half the quantity; and every fen- 
« eence, or rather every word mod ridiculoufly 

blun lered. Thefc , for feveral reafons, could not 
poffibly be publiflied by the author ; 7 and it is \ 

7 Every writer on Shakfpeare hath exprefled his aftoniflt- 
xnent, that his author was not folicitous to fecure his fame by 

•♦ a correal edition of his performances. This matter is not 

underftood. When a poet was connected with a particular 
playhoufe, he conftantly fold his works to the Company , and 
it was their intereft to keep them from a number of rivals. 
A favourite piece, as Heywood informs us, only got into 
print, when it was copied by the ear, " for a double fale would 
bring on a fufpicion of honeftie." Shakfpeare therefore 
hirafelf publiflied nothing in the drama : when he left the 
ftage, his copies remained with his fellow-managers, Heminge 
and Condell; who at their own retirement, aftbut feven 
years after the death of their author, gave the world the 
edition now known by the name of the Jir ft' folio ; and call 
the previous publications *' ftolne and furrcptitious, maimed 
«nd deformed by the frauds and flealths of injurious impoflors.^ 
1 * But this was printed from the playhoufe copies •,' which in a 
feries of years had been frequently altered, through conve- 
nience, caprice, or ignorance. We have a fufficient inftance 
of the liberties taken by the a&ors, in an old pamphlet by 
.» Nam, called Lenten Stuffe, with ike Prayfe of the red Herring, 

^ 4*o. 1 599. where he affures us, that in a play of his, called 

The IJleofDogs, "foure atts; without his confent, or the leaft I 
* -, gueffe of his drift or fcope, were fupplied by the players." 1 

This however was not his firft quarrel with them. La the < 
Epiftle prefixed to Greene's Arcadia, which I have quoted 
before, Tom. hath a lafh at fome " vaine glorious tragedians," ' 
and very plainly at Shakfpeare* in particular ; which will 
ferve for an anfwer to an obfervation of Mr. Pope, that Ji ad »■ 
almoft been forgotten : " It was thought a praife to Shakr 
fpearc, that he fcarce ever blotted a line : — 1 belieue the 



>< 



f 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPE ARE. ? 8t 

• 

extremely probable, that the French ribaldry was . 
at firft inferted by a different hand, as the many 
additions moft certainly were after he had left the 
flage. — Indeed, every friend to his memory will 
not eafily believe , that he was acquainted with the 
fcene between Catharine and tht old gentlewoman; 
or furely he would not have admitted fuch o>bfcenity 
aad nonfenfe. ' * ' 

Mr. Hawkins, in the Appendix to Mr. Johnfon's 

common opinion of his want of learning proceeded from 
no better ground. This 'too might be thought a praife by 
fome." — But hear Nafh, who was far tiom praifing : "I 
leaue all thefe to the mercy of their mother-tongue, that feed 
on nought but the cruins that fall from the tranflatofs trencher* 
— That could fcarcely Latinize their neck verfe if they fliould 
haue neede, yet Engli/h Seneca read by candlelight yeelds 
many good fentences — hee will affoord you whole Hamhts, 
1 fliould fay, handfuls of tragicall fpeeches." — I cannot 
determine exactly when this Epifile was firft publifhed; but, 
I fancy, it will carry the original Hamlet fomewhat further 
back than we have hitherto done : and it may be obferved, 
that the oldeft copy now extant is faid tp be tfc enlarged to 
almoft: as much againe as it was. " GabrxofHarvey printed at 
the end of the year 1S92. Foure Letters and certaine SonneUs* 
especially touching Robert Greene : in one of which his Arcadia 
is mentioned. Now NauVs Epiftle muft have been previous 
* to thefe, as Gabriel is quoted in it with applaufe ; and the 
foure Letters were the beginning of a quarrel. Nafh replied, 
in Strange newes of the intercepting certaine Letters, and a Convoy 
of Verfes, asAhey were going privilie to viftual the Low Countries* 
i5g3. Harvey rejoined the fame year in Piercers Supererogation, 
or a new praife of the old AJfe" And Nafh again, nn Have with you 
iQ Saffron Walden, or Gabriell Harvey 1 s Hunt is d$ ; containing 
afullanfwer to the eldeji Sonne of the halter-rnaker , i5g6. 

Dr. Lodge calls Nafli our true Engli/h Aretine : and John 
Taylor in his Kickfey l Winfey % or -a Lerry Come-twang, eveo 
makes an oath " by fweet fatyricke Nafh his urne. " — He 
died before i.5o6. as appears from an old comedy, called The 
Return from Parnaffus* 



/> 



fr 



•* 



• 



* • 



1 



8a Alf ESSAY ON THE 

« 

edition , hath an ingenious obfcr^l&m t% prove , 
that Shakfpeare % fuppofing the French to be his t 
had very litde knowledge of the language. 

44 Eft-il impofiible d'efchapper la force de ton 
bras ?""' fays a Frenchman. — •• Brafs , cur? ** rrpfat 

Piftol. 

•• Almoft any one knows , that the French 
bras is pronounced brau ; and what refemblance <|f 
found does this bear to brajsl" 

Mr. Johnfon makes a doubt , whether the pro- 
nunciation of the French language may not be 
changed, fince Shakfpeare's time, " if not," (ays 
he, ** it mav be fnfpe&ed that fome other man 
wrote the French fccnes:" but this does not ap- 
pear to be the cafe, at lead in this termination 9 
from the rules of the grammarians , or the piaflicc 
tjf the poets. I am certain of the former from, the 
French Alphabctk of Dc la Mo the , s and the Ot$*£U 
Gallica of John Eliot; ' and of the latter trot Ac 
rhymes of Marot, Ronfard , and Dn Bartas. — r- Con* 
ne&ions of tHfc kind were very common. Shak* 
,J£eare himfclf affifted Ben Jonfon in his Sgamms m 
as it was originally written ; and Fletcher in his 
Two tfobU Kinjwun. 

But what if the Ffcnch fcene were occafionaJJy 

• LtwL 1S91. Sto. 

* Ltmd. i5g3. 410. Eliot is almoft the only rcftf {nnai. 
ffian that I have bad the fortune to meet with. In his Epiftle 
pre fatory to Tic Gc*Ue Ds3m cf Gea/r, he cries oat for per- 
lecution, Tery like Jack in that moft poignant of all fatires* 
the 7«& rfm Tai % ** I pray yon he readie onicklie to eanill 
nt my bookc, 1 befeech yon heartily calnmniate my doings 
with fpeede, I reqneft yon hnmbfar contrpU my method as 

a may, I carneJUy 3mtrea4*XS» hifle ax my 



n 
s 



* 







LEARNING OF SHAKSPIJ*RE. 83 * 

introdyEcrWfab every play on this fubje&? an<t% 
perhaps thefer were more than one before our 
poets. — In Pierce Penilejfe, AA Supplication to the 
Deuill, 4to. i5g2, (which, itfeems, from theEpiftle 
^l^the Printer, was not in the firft edition,) the an- * 
Lor,Na(h, exclaims, " What a glorious thing it is to 
ive Henry the Fifth reprefented on the ftage lead- 
ing the French King prifoner, and forcing both him 
and the Dolphin to fwear fealty!"— And it appears 
from the Jefts of the famous comedian, Tzgrlton, 
4* 1 6 1 1 • that he had been particularly celebrated 
in the part of the Clown, in Henry the Fijth: but 
no fuch charafter exifts in the .play of Shakfpeare, 
Henry the Sixth hath ever been doubted; and a 
palfage in the above-quoted piece of Nafti may 
give, us reafon to believe, it was previous to our 
aiuhor. " Howe would it haue joyed braue-TajL^o( 
* [terror of the French) to thinke that after lie 
lyen two hundred yeare in his toomb, he {hould 
triumph agairf pn the ftage; and haue his bones 
new embalmed with the teare?" of ten thoufand 
fpe&ators at lead (at feuerall times) who in *he 
tragedian that represents his perfon, imagine they* 
behold him frefh bleeding." — I have no doubt but 
Henry the Sixth had the fame author with Edward 
the Third, which hath been recovered to the world 
in Mr. CapelTs Prolufions. 

It hath been obffcrved, that the Giant of Rabe- 
lais is fometimes alluded to by Shakfpeare: and in 
his time no tranflarion was extant. — But the ftory 
was in every on£s hand. 

In a letter by one Laneham, or Langham, for 




the name Ji wrijjen differently,* concerning the 
* It k qriPJj^tf g| importance, but I fufped the former 

*4* 



G 2 



$ 



** 










f'. 



84 



AN ESSAY ON THE 



entertainment at Killingwoorth Caftle , printed 

.i575. we have a lift of the vulgar romances of the 

age: "King Arthurz book, Huon of f Burdeaus, 

Friar Rous, Howleglafs, and GargJntua." Meres 3 

* mentions him as equally hurtful to young minds 

with the Four Son&of Aymon, and, the Seven Cham- 

piom. And John Taylor hath him likewife in his 

dialogue of authors, prefixed to Sir Gregory Non+ 

fence *j^ . 

. « 

to be rigVt, as I find it corrupted afterward to Lanam and 
" Lanum. 

* This author by a pleafant miftake in fome fenfible Con- 
jectures on Shakjpeare lately printed at Oxford, is quoted by 
the name of Maijler. Perhaps the title-page was imperfect ; 
* it runs thus : * l Palladis Tamia. Wits Treafury. Being the 
Te<;oqd,part of Wits Commonwealth, by Francis Meres Maijler 
of Km* of both Univerfities." 

f am glad out of gratitude to this man, who hath been of 

frequent fervice lo me, that I am enabled to perfe& Wood's 

account of him ; from the afii fiance of our Mafter's Very 

accurate, lift °of graduates, (which it would do honour to the 

univerfity to print at the publick* expenfe) and the kind 

W' . .information of a friend from the regifter of his. parifh : — He 

.. *£jwas originally of Pembrdke-Hall, B. A. in i5o7. and M. A. 

^ l5g^, About 1602. he became rector of Wing in Rutland; 

and died there, 1646. in /the old year of his age. 

■ 4 1 have quoted nfajty/frteces of John Taylor, but it was 

* impoffible to give their original dates* He may be traced as 

# o^ an author for more tnari half a century. His works were 

collected in folio, 1,63b.* but many were printed afterward; 

I will mention one for the humour of the title: " Drinke 

'and welcom*, qr the famous Hiftory of the moil part of 

Drinkes.in vXc in 't^reate Britaine and Ireland", with an 

K cfpecial Declattfcjjbn of the Potency, Vertue, and Operation 

Jfc *jfr of our Englifli Ale*. With a description of all forts of Waters, 

*; '** from the Ocean foato.'tiie Tears of a Woman, 4to. i633." In 

Wits Merriment, or Lujly Drollery, ±656. we have an "Epitaph 

on John Taylor, who waj bt>rn in this city of Gloceftcr, and 



.■. * 



' ¥' 



'■■■■•' ' * ' %, 

LEARNING OF- SHAKSPEARE. . 85 

But fo come to a conclnfion, I will give you an 
irrefragable argument, that Shakfpeare did not xin- 
dcrftand two veryjjommon words in the French and 
Latin languages^?: 

According to trie articles of agreement between 
the conqueror Henry and the king of France, the - 
latter was to ftyle the former, (in the corroded 
French of the modern editions,) " Noftre >tres cher- 
filz Hefiry roy d'Angletferre; and in Latin, rrjtecla- 
riffimus films," 8cc. "What;' fays Dr. Wa$f|ton, 
" is ires cher in French, praclarij/imusm Latin ! we 
Ihould read pracarijjimus"— .This appears to' be ex- 
ceedingly true; but how came the blunder? it is 
a typographical one in Holinftied, which Shakfpeare 
copied ; but muft indifputably have corre&ed, had, 
he been acquainted with the languages. — '• OurJaid 
father, during his life, (hall name, call, ^nd wrrpefus 
in French in this maner: Noftre tres chier fih, Henry 

roy d'Engleterre and in Latine in this maner, 

Praclarijfimus films nofter." Edit. i587. p. 574. 

To corroborate this inftance, let me obferve to 
,you, though it be nothing further to. the purpofe f%1 
that another -irror of the fame kind'hath been the* 

jr. 

fource of a rfiiftake in afi hlftorical paffage oMur 
author; which hath ridicu]jn(fly troubled the cri- •' 
ticks. 

Richard the Third 5 harangues his army before 
the battle of Bofworth: 

dyed in Pheenix Alley, in the 75 year e 'dj Jus. aft; you may, , 
find him, if the worms have not devout^Mym, in Covent 
Garden church-yard, " p. i3o. — rft/%Ov*bout iwq years 
before. ■*','. 

1 Some inquiry hath been made for thtffirft performers of 
the capital characters in Shajdpearf* 

G3 



* 



* 



*'% 



X 






« 



.w - '-vsk-* 3i 



I 



1 

86 AN ESSAY ON THE 

•* " Remember whom ye are to cope withal, 

44 A fort of vagabonds, ofrafcals, runaways — - 
\J ^nd who doth lead them but a paltry fellow 
44 Long kept in Britaine at our mother's coft, 
44 A milkfop, " 8cc. 

" Our mother," Mr. Theobald perceives to be 
W*png, and Henry was fomewhere fecreted on the 
continent : he reads therefore, and all the editors 
after* him, 

44 .Long kept in Bretagne at his mother's coft.". 

Ws But give me leave to tranferibe a few more lines 
'from Holinfhed, and you will find at once, that 

Shakfpeare had been there before me : ■ " Ye fee 

^further, how a cpmpanie of traitors, theeves, out- 
lawr^and runnaiatps be aiders and partakers of his 



We learn, that Burbag££4fce alter Rofcius of Camden, was 
the original Richard, from a, paffage in the poems of Bifhop 
Corbet ; who introduces his holt at Bofworth defcribing the 
battle : 

44 But when he would have fald King Richnrd died, 
44 And calfd a horfe, a horfe, he Burbage cried- " 
4 The play on this fubjed mentioned by Sir John Harrington 
™ - in his Apologiefor Poetrie, i5gi» and foraetimes miftaken for 

* Shakfpeare's, was a Latin one, and written by Dr. Legge ; 

and acted at St. John's in our univcrfity, fome years before 
1 588. the date of the copy in the Mufeum. This appears 
from a better MS. in gur library at Emmanuel, with the 
names of the original performers,, 

It is evident from a paffage in Camden's Annals, that there 
was an old play like wife 014 the fubje& of Richard the Second ; 
* but I know not in what language. Sir Geliey Merrick, who 
was concerned in the harebrained bufinefs of the Earl of Eftex, 
and was hanged for it with the ingenious Cuffe, In 1601. is 
ace ufe d amongft other things, 44 quod exoletam Tragcediam de 
tragic a abdicatione Regis Ricardi Secundi in publico theatro 
coram conjuratis data precunia agi curafict." 



# * 



& 






N 



.A 




4k 


* 




«■' 



*- 



■* 



> 



LEARNING OF SHAKSPEARE. 87 






feat and enterprife. -t- And to begin with the erie'jpf 
Richmond captaine of this rebellion, he is a Welfh 
milkfop— brought up by my moother's meanqs and 
mine, like a captive in a clofe cage in the court of 
Francis duke of Britaine." P. 756. 

Holinfhed copies this verbatim from hk brother 
chronicler Hall, edit. 1548. fol. 54. but his printer 
hath given us by accident the word moother inftftd 
of brother ; as it is in the original, and ought to be 
in Shakfpeare. 6 " t 

I hope, my good friend, you have by this time 
acquitted our great poet of all piratical depredation* 
on the ancients, and are ready to receive my conjH* 
clujion. — r He remembered perhaps enotfgh of hi$ 
Jchool-boy learning to put the Hig, hag, hog, intone 
mouth of Sir Hugh Evans ; and ttgght pick np in 
the writers of the time, 7 or tiflrcourfe of^his 

' 1 cannot take my leave offflolinfbed without clearing 
up a difficulty, which hath puzzled his biographers. Nichol- 
fon and other writers have fuppofed him a clergyman. Tanner 
goes further, and tills us, that he was educated at Cambridge, 
and actually took the degree of M. A. in 1544. Yet it appears 
by his will, printed by Hearne, that at the end of life he 
was only zjieward, or a/ervant in fome capacity or other, to 
Thomas Burdett, Efq. of Bronicote, in Warwickfhire. — 
Thefe things Dr. Campbell could not reconcile. The truth 
is, we have no claim to the education of the Chronicler : the 
M. A. in 1 544. was not Raphael, but one Otliwell HolingJhea\ 
who was afterward named by the founder one pf the firft 
Pellows 6f Trinity College, 

7 Afcham in the Epiftle prefixed to his Toxophilus, i57 x. 
obferves of them, that " Manye Englilhe writers, iifinge 
ilraunge wordes, as Lattine, Frenche, and Italian, do make all 
thin ges darke and harde. Ones, ■' fays he, ".I communed 
with a man which reafoned the Englifhe tongue to be enriched 
and encreafed thereby, fayinge : Who will not prayfe that 
feaft, where a man fhall drincke at a dinner-both wyne, ale,. 

g 4 



* 


* 


4 


*» 


«u 


* 


.<*■ 


iv 




• -* 




Jft* 


t 


** 


• 






». -I 



*8 



AN ESSAY iON THE 



converfation, % familiar phrafe or two of-French or 
Italian: but his Jludies were moft demonftratively 
confined to nature and his own language. 

In the C9urfe of this difquifition, you have often 
fmiled at " all fuch reading, as was never read ;'* 
and poffibly I may have indulged it too |ar: but 
.it is the reading neceffary for a comment oh Shak- 
fpfeare. Thofe who a$ply folely to the ancients for 
this purpofe, mjiy with equal wifdoin jfludy the 
Talmud for an expofition of Tristram Shandy. 
Nothing but an intimate acquaintance \yith the 
writers of the time, who are frequently of no other 
value, can point out his allufions, and afcertain his 
phrafeology. The reformers • of his t$xt are for 
ever equally pofitive, and equally wrong. v The 
cant of the age, a provincial expreflion, an obfeure 
proverb, an Q&folete cuftom, a hint at a perfon or 
a faft no longer remembered, hath continually de- 
feated the beft of our guejfers : You muft not fup- 
pofe me to fpeak at random, when I allure you, 
that from fome forgotten book or other, I can 
demonftrate this to you in many hundred places ; 
and I almoft wifh , that I had n#t been perfuaded 
into a different employment. 

Though Ihave as much of the natalejolum* abput 

andbeere? Truly (quoth I) they be al good, euery one 
taken' by hiipfeife alone, bu.t if you put Malmefye, and facke; 
redde wyrijtimd white, ale and be ere, and al in one pot, you 
{hall make a drinke neither, eafye to be knowen, nor yec 
holfome for the bodye. " 

* This alludes to an intended publication of the Antiquities 
ofthelTown of Leicejier, The work was juft begun attheprefs, 
when the writer was called to tKc principal tuition of a large 
college, and was obliged to decline the undertaking. The 



> 






** 



f' 



I - 



LEARNING 0# SFfAKSPEARE. 83 

me, as any man whatfoever; ^et/^owjn, the prim- 
roje path is flill more pleafin'g y&frn the Fojfe or the 
Wat ling- Street : ' 

4t Age cannot wither it* nor cuftom ftale 
*' Its infinite variety. 1T 

•^ <■ . # 

And when J am fairly rid of $el$ duft of topogra- 
phical antiquity,, which, hatn continued much 
longer about me than I expefled ; you may very 
probably *be troubled again with the ever fruitful 
fubjeft of$HAKSPEARE and his Commentators. 



fe 



plates, however^ and fome of the materials have been long 
ago put ^1 to the> hands of a gentleman , who is every way 
qualifitjfl to make a proper ufe of them. 









■\ 









V^ 



*. 



\ ' 






f 

} 



APPENDIX - 

TO 

MR. COLMAN'S TRANSLATION OF* 

TERENCE, 

(OCTAVO EDITION,) 

X HE reverend and ingenious Mr. Farmer, in his j 
curious and entertaining* jg^iy on the' Learning of * 
Shakfpeare, having doneTOe the honour to animad* 
vert on fome paffages in the preface to this tranP 
lation, I cannot difmifs this edition without de- 
claring how far I coincide with that gentleman; 
although what I then threw out carelefsly on the 
fubje£t of this pamphlet was merely incidental, nor 
did I mean to enter the lifts as a champion to 
defend either fide of the queftion. 

It is moft true, as Mr, Farmer takes for granted, 
that I had never met with the old comedy called 
The Suppofes, nor has it ever yet fallen into *ny 
hands; yetT I am willing to grant, on Mr. Farmer's 
authority, that Shakfpeare borrowed part of tb* 
plot of The Taming of the Shrew, from that old-j 
tranflation of Ariofto's play by George GafcoigiV 
and had no obligations to Plautus. 1 will accede 
aifo to the truth of Dr. Johnfon's and Mr. Farmers 
observation, that the line from Terence, exafllyas 
it ftands in Shakfpeare, is extant in Lilly and Udall's 
jFl<Wres for Latin Speaking. Still, however, Shak- 
l^eare's total ignorance of the learned? languages 









APPENDIX, k gi 

Tcmains to be proved; for it muft be granted, that 
fuch books are put into the hands of/tnofe who are 
learning thofe languages, in whicfi clafs we muft 

t neceffarily rank Shakfpeare, or he could not even 
have quoted Terence from Udall or'Lilly ; nor is 

jL it likely, that fo rapid a genius fhould not have 
made fome further progrefs. "Our author ," fays 
Dr.Johnfon, as quoted by Mr.^rarmer, "had this 
line from Lilly ; which I mention, that it may not 
be brought as H an argument of his learning." It 
is, howeVfer, an argument that he read Lilly; and 

r a few pages further it feems pretty certain, that the 
author of The Taming of the Shrew had at leaft read 
Ovid ; from whofe Epirtt? we find thefe lines; 

i 

1 c t Hie ibat Simois ; hie eft Sigeia tellus ; 

** Hie fteterat Priami regia celfa fenls. " 

' '*• 

And what does Dr. Johnfon fay on this occafion ? 
Nothing. 4 n d what does Mr. Farmer fay on this 
occafion ? Nothing. 

In Love's Labour s Loji, which, bad as it is, is 
afcribed by Dr. Johnfon himfelf to Shakfpeare, 
there occurs the word thrafonical; another argument 
which feems to ihew that he was not unacquainted 
with the comedies of Terence; not to mention, 
that the chara&er of the fchoolmafter in the fame 
<- R* a y cou ld not poffibly be written by a man who 
had travelled no'further in Latin than hie, hac, hoc. 
In Henry the Sixth we meet with a quotation from 
Virgil : 



" Tantaene animis cceleftibus irae? 



» 



But this,- JjHeems, proves nothing, any more ihqgi 
'the lines from Terence and Ovid, in the^TJrattfr 



* 



92 APPENDIX TO MIL COLMAN'S 



t* 



of the Shrew ; for Mr. Farmer looks on ShakfpeareV 
property in the comedy to be extremely difputable; 
anfj he has no" doubt but Henry the Sixth had the 
famje author with Edward the Third , which had « 
been recovered to the world in Mr. Capell's Pro* 
luffbns. 

If any play in the colle&ion bears internal evN. 
dence of Shakfpeare*s hand, we may fairly give 
him Timon of Athens. In this play we have a 
familiar quotation from Horace : 



" Ira furor brevis eft. 



»» 



I will not maintain but this hemiflich may be 
found in Lilly or Udall ; or that it is not in the 
Palace of P leaf ure, or ihtEnglifh Plutarch ; or that 
it was not originally foifted in by the players: it 
ftands, however, in the play of Timon of Athens. 

The world in general, and thofe who purpofe to 
comment on Shakfpeare in particular , will owe 
much to Mr. Farmer, whofe refearches into our 
old authors throw a luftre on many paffages, the 
obfeurity of which mult elfe have been impene- 
trable. No future Upton or Gildon will go further 
than North's tranflation for Shakfpeare's acquaint- 
ance with Plutarch, or balance between Dares 
Phrygius, and The Troye Booke of Lydgate. Tht 
Hyjlorie of Hamblet, in black letter, will for .ever 
fuperfede Saxo Grammaticus ; tranflated novels and 
ballads will, perhaps, be allowed the fources of 
Romeo , Lear , and The Merchant of Venice; and 
Shakfpeare himfelf, however unlike Bayes in other 
particulars, will ftand convi&ed of having tranf 
verfed the profe of Holinfhed ; and, at the fame time, 
to prove ° that his Jludics lay in his own language," 



i 



*r. 









TRANSLATION OF TERENCE, 9 3 

me tranflations of Ovid arc determined to be the 
production of Heywood. 

*' TJlat his Jludies were rabft demonftratively com- 
r fined to nature, and his own language" I readily 
allow; but does it he|fee follow that he was fo de- 
plorably ignorant of every other tongue, living or 
dead, that he only "remembered, perhaps, enough 
of his Jckool-boy learning to put the hig 9 hag, hog, 
into the mouth of Sir H. Evans; and might 
pick up in the writers of the time, or the courfe 
^>f his convcrfation , a familiar phrafe or two of 
[French or Italian." In ShakfpcarVs plays both 
thefe laft languages are plentifully fcattered ; but, 
then we are told, they might b^ impertinent addi- 
tions of the players.- Undoubtedly they might: 
but there they are, and, perhaps, few of the players 
Had mulch more learning than Shakfpeare. 

Mr. Farmer himfelf will allow that Shakfpeare 
began to learn Latin : I will allovKthat his Jludies 
lay in Englifh : but why infill that ne neither made 
Any progrefs at fchool; nor improved his acqui- 
fitions there? The general encomiums of Suckling, 
X)enham, Milton, &c. on his native genius * prove 

9 Mr. Farmer clofes the general teftimonies of Shakfpeare's 
having been only indebted to nature, bv faying, " He came 
Out of her hand, as fome one elfe exprejjes if, like Pallas out 
of Jove's head, at full growth and mature. " It is whimfical 
enough, that thlsfome one elfe, whofe expreiCon is here quoted 
to coun tendance the general notion of Shakfpeare's want of 
literature, mould be no other than myfelf. Mr. Farmer does 
not choofe to mention where he met with the expreffion of 
Jbme one elfe; and fome one elfe does not choofe to .mention 
where he dxopt it. * 

* It will appear ftill more whimfical that this /am* one elfe whofe 
expreffion is here quoted, may ha¥d his claim to it fuperfeded by 



*f 






*.> 



*• 



94 



APPENDIX, 8cc. 



nothing ; and Ben Jonfon's celebrated charge of 
Shakfpeare'&.ymfl// Latin, and lefs Greek)* feems 
abfolutely to decide that he had fome knowledge of 
both ; and if we may judge by our own time, a 
man, who has any Greek, is feldom without a very 
competent {hare of Latin ; and. yet fuch a man is 
very likely, to ftudy Plutarch in Englifh, and to 
read tranflations of Ovid. 

See J)r. Farmer's reply to theje remarks by Mr. 
Colman , in a note qp. Love's Labour's Lost, 
Vol. VII. p. *58. ■■•■■" 



$ 



7* f i 



• In defence of the various reading of this paflage, given * 
in the Preface to the lad edition of Shakfpeare, " fmall Latin • 
and no Greek," Mr. Farmer tells tw, that *' ft was adopted 
above a century ago by W. Towers, in a panegyric*, on 
Cargfrright. " Surely, Towers having faid that Cartwright 
had no Greek, is no proof that Ben Jonfon faid fo of 
«hakfpeare. " ^ '**' ' 

m 

l 

that of the late Dr. Young, who in' his Conjectures on Original Com- 
fofition, [p. ioo. Vol. V. edit. if 73.) has the following fentence ; 
" An adult genius comes out of nature's hands, as Pallas out of 
Jove's head, at full growth and mature. Shakfpeare' s genius was of this 
kind.'* Where fome ont elfe taejirjl may have intermediately dropped '' 
the contefted cxpreffion I cannot afcertain ; but fome one elfe thi 
faend transcribed it from the author already mentioned. Anon. 



«.» 



« 



«• •■.» 



# 



• J •> ■» it 




