AN 

ESSAY 

ON  THE 
LEARNING  of  SHAKESPEARE: 

ADDRESSED    TO 

JOSEPH    CRADOCK,    Efq; 


BY 
RICHARD   FARMER,    M.  A. 

Fellow  of  Emmanuel-College,  Cambridge, 

AND    OF 

The  Society  of  Antiqjjaries,  London. 


CAMBRIDGE: 
Printed  by  J.  Archdeacon  Printer  to  the  University  ; 
For  W.  Thurlbourn  &  J.  Wood  yer,  in  Cambridge-, 
and  Sold  by  J.  Beecroft,  in  Pater- nofler-Row ; 
J.  Dodsley,  in  Pall-Mall;  and  T.  Cadeljl  in  the 
Strand,  London. 

M.DCC.LXVII. 


AN 

ESSAY 

ON    THE 
LEARNING  of  SHAKESPEARE 

ADDRESSED    TO 

JOSEPH    CRADOCK,   Efq; 


"  PHakespeare,  fays  a  Brother  of  the 
O  Crafty  is  a  vafl  garden  of  criticifm : " 
and  certainly  no  one  can  be  favoured  with 
more  weeders  gratis. 

But  how  often,  my  dear  Sir,  are  weeds  and 
flowers  torn  up  indifcriminately?—  the  ravaged 
fpot  is  re-planted  in  a  moment,  and  a  pro- 
fufion  of  critical  thorns  thrown  over  it  for 
fecurity. 

"  A  prudent  man  therefore  would  not  ven- 
ture his  fingers  amongft  them." 

A  Be 


2  An   ESSAY  on  the 

Be  however  in  little  pain  for  your  friend, 
who  regards  himfelf  fufficiently  to  be  cautious : 
yet  he  afTerts  with  confidence,  that  no  im- 
provement can  be  expe6led,  whilfl  the  natural 
foil  is  miftaken  for  a  hot-bed,  and  the  Natives 
of  the  banks  of  Avon  are  fcientifically  choked 
with  the  culture  of  exoticks. 

Thus  much  for  metaphor ;  it  is  contrary  to 
the  Statute  to  fly  out  fo  early :  but  who  caa 
tell,  whether  it  may  not  be  demonftrated  by 
fome  critick  or  other,  that  a  deviation  from 
rule  is  peculiarly  happy  in  an  Eifay  on 
Shakefpeare  ! 

You  have  long  known  my  opinion  con- 
cerning the  literary  acquifitions  of  our  im- 
mortal Dramatift ;  and  remember  how  I  con- 
gratulated myfelf  on  my  coincidence  with  the 
laft  and  beft  of  his  Editors.  I  told  you  how- 
ever, that  his  fmall  Latin  and  lejs  Greek''  would 
ftill  be  litigated,  and  you  fee  too  affuredly* 
that  I  wras  not  miftaken.  The  trumpet  hath 
been  founded  againft  c%  the  darling  projedt  of 
reprefenting  Shakefpeare  as  one  of  the  illiterate 

vul- 

u  This  paffage  of  Ben.  Jon/on,  fo  often  quoted,  is 
given  us  in  the  admirable  preface  to  the  late  Edition, 
with  a  various  reading,  "  lmall  Latin  and  no  Greek," 
which  hath  been  held  up  to  the  Publick  for  a  modern 
fophiftication :  yet  whether  an  error  or  not,  it  was 
adopted  above  a  Century  ago-  by  a  Panegynil  on 
Car  I  wright.  i 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.    3 

vulgar;"  and  indeed  to  fo  good  purpofe,  that 
I  would  by  all  means  recommend  the  per- 
former to  the  army  of  the  braying  Faffion, 
recorded  by  Cervantes.  The  teftimony  of  his 
contemporaries  is  again  difputed;  conftant 
tradition  is  oppofed  by  flimfy  arguments ;  and 
nothing  is  heard,  but  confufion  and  nonfenfe. 
One  could  fcarcely  imagine  this  a  topick  very 
likely  to  inflame  the  paffions :  it  is  afTerted  by 
Drydeny  that  "  thofe  who  accufe  him  to  have 
wanted  learning,  give  him  the  greateft  com- 
mendation ; '  yet  an  attack  upon  an  article  of 
faith  hath  been  ufually  received  with  more 
temper  and  complacence,  than  the  unfortu- 
nate opinion,  which  I  am  about  to  defend. 

But  let  us  previoufly  lament  with  every 
lover  of  Shakefpeare,  that  the  Queftion  was  not 
fully  difcuffed  by  Mr.  Jolmfon  himfelf :  what 
he  fees  intuitively,  others  mufl  arrive  at  by 
a  feries  of  proofs  -y  and  I  have  not  time  to 
teach  with  precifion:  be  contented  therefore 
with  a  few  curfory  obfervations,  as  they  may 
happen  to  arife  from  the  Chaos  of  Papers, 
you  have  fo  often  laughed  at,  "  a  ftock  fuf- 
ficient  to  fet  up  an  Editor  in  form"  I  am 
convinced  of  the  ftrength  of  my  caufe,  and 
fuperior  to  any  little  advantage  from  fo- 
phiftical  arrangements. 

A  2  General 


4  An  ESSAY  on   the 

General  pofitions  without  proofs  will  pro- 
bably have  no  great  weight  on  either  fide,  yet 
it  may  not  feem  fair  to  fupprefs  them  :  take 
them  therefore  as  their  Authors  occur  to  me, 
and  we  will  afterward  proceed  to  particulars. 

The  teftimony  of  Ben.  ftands  foremofl; 
and  many  have  held  it  fufficient  to  decide 
the  controverfy :  in  the  warmeft  Panegyrick, 
that  ever  was  written,  he  apologizes  for  what 
he  fuppofed  the  only  defe£l  in  his  "  beloved 

Friend." 

«  Soul  of  the  age  ! 


Th'  applaufe !  delight !  the  wonder  of  our  ftage ! " 

In  truth  the  received  opinion  of  the  pride 
and  malignity  of  Jon/on,  at  lead  in  the  earlier 
part  of  life,  is  abfolutely  groundlefs :  at  this 
time  fcarce  a  play  or  a  poem  appeared  without 
Bens  encomium, from  the  original  Shake fpeare 
to  the  tranflator  of  Du  Bartas. 

But  Jon/on  is  by  no  means  our  only  au- 
thority. Drayton  the  countryman  and  ac- 
quaintance of  Shakefpeare,  determines  his  ex- 
cellence to  the  natural/  Br  aim  only.  Digges, 
a  wit  of  the  town  before  Shakefpeare  left  the 
ftage,  is  very  ftrong  to  the  purpofe, 

j — —  "  Nature  only  helpt  him,  for  looke  thorow 
This  whole  book,  thou  (halt  find  he  doth  not  borow 
One  phrafe  from  Greekes,  nor  Latines  imitate, 
Nor  once  from  vulgar  Languages  tranllate." 

Suckling 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  \ 

Suckling  oppofes  his  e  after  ft  rain  to  the  fweat 
of  learned  Jonfon.  Denham  allures  us,  that 
all  he  had  was  from  old  Mother-wit.  His 
native  wood-notes  wildy  every  one  remembers 
to  be  celebrated  by  Milton.  Dry  den  obferves 
prettily  enough,  that  "  he  wanted  not  the 
fpe6lacles  of  books  to  read  Nature."  He 
came  out  of  her  hand,  as  fome  one  elfe^  ex- 
prefles  it,  like  Pallas  out  of  Jove's  head,  at 
full  growth  and  mature. 

Fuller,  a  diligent  and  equal  fearcher  after 
truth  and  quibbles,  declares  pofitively,  that 
"  his  learning  was  very  little,  —  that  Nature 
was  all  the  Art  ufed  upon  him,  as  he  him/elf, 
if  alive,  would  confefs."  And  may  we  not  fay/ 
he  did  confefs  it,  when  he  apologized  for  his 
untutored  lines  to  his  noble  patron  the  Earl  of 
Southampton  ?  this  lift  of  witnefTes  might  be 
eafily  protra&ed ;  but  I  flatter  myfelf,  I  fhall 
Hand  in  no  need  of  their  evidence. 

One  of  the  firft  and  moft  vehement  aflertors 
of  the  learning  of  Shakefpeare,  was  the  Editor 
of  his  Poems,  the  well-known  Mr.  Giidon; 
and  his  fteps  were  moft  pun6tually  followed 
by  a  fubfequent  labourer  in  the  fame  depart- 
ment, Dr.  Sewel. 

Mr.  Pope  fuppofed  "  little  ground  for  the 
common  opinion  of  his  want  of  learning : " 

once 


f  An   ESSAY  on  the 

once  indeed  he  made  a  proper  diftinction  be- 
tween learning  and  languages^  as  I  would  be 
underftood  to  do  in  my  Title-page ;  but  un- 
fortunately he  forgot  it  in  the  courfe  of  his 
difquifition,  and  endeavoured  to  perfuade  him- 
felf,  that  Shakefpeares  acquaintance  with  the 
Ancients  might  be  a6lually  proved  by  the 
fame  medium  as  Jonfons. 

Mr.  Theobald  is  "  very  unwilling  to  allow 
him  fo  poor  a  fcholar,  as  many  have  laboured 
to  reprefent  him;"  and  yet  is  "  cautious  of 
declaring  too  pofitively  on  the  other  fide  the 
queftion." 

Dr.  Warburton  hath  expofed  the  futility  of 
fome  arguments  from  JufpeSied  imitations; 
and  yet  offers  others,  if  I  miftake  not,  as 
eafily  refuted. 

Mr.  Upton  wonders  "  with  what  kind  of 
reafoning  any  one  could  be  fo  far  impofed 
upon,  as  to  imagine  that  Shakefpeare  had  no 
learning;"  and  lafhes  with  much  zeal  and 
fatisfa&ion  "  the  pride  and  pertnefs  of  dunces, 
who  under  fuch  a  name  would  gladly  fhelter 
their  own  idlenefs  and  ignorance." 

JLike  the  learned  Knight,  at  every  anomaly 
in  grammar  or  metre, 

iC  H'  hath  hard  words  ready  to  (hew  why, 
And  tell  what  Rule  he  did  it  by." 

How 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.    7 

How  would  the  old  Bard  have  been  aftonifh- 
ed  to  have  found,  that  he  had  very  Wilfully 
given  the  trochaic  dimeter  brachycataledlic,  com- 
monly called  the  ithyphallic  meafure  to  the 
Witches  in  Macbeth  f  and  that  now  and  then 
a  halting  Verfe  afforded  a  moft  beautiful  in- 
ftance  of  the  Pes  proceleufmaticiis  ! 

u  But,  continues  Mr.  Upton,  it  was  a  learn- 
ed age •,  Roger  Afcham  aflures  us,  that  Queen 
Elizabeth  read  more  Greek  every  day,  than 
fome  Dignitaries  of  the  Church  did  Latin  in 
a  whole  week/'  This  appears  very  probable ; 
and  a  pleafant  proof  it  is  of  the  general 
learning  of  the  times,  and  of  Shakefpeare  in 
particular.  I  wonder,  he  did  not  corroborate 
it  with  an  extra6l  from  her  injunftions  to 
her  Clergy,  that  <c  fuch  as  were  but  mean 
Readers  fhould  perufe  over  before  once  or 
twice  the  Chapters  and  Homilies,  to  the  in- 
tent they  might  read  to  the  better  under- 
ftanding  of  the  people." 

Dr.  Grey  declares,  that  Shakefpeares  know- 
ledge in  the  Greek  and  Latin  tongues  cannot 
reafonably  be  called  in  queftion.  Dr.  Dodd 
fuppofes  it  proved,  that  he  was  not  fuch  a 
novice  in  learning  and  antiquity  as  fome  people 
would  pretend.  And  to  clofe  the  whole, 
for  I  fufpecl  you  to  be  tired  of  quotation* 

Mr; 


8  An  ESSAY  on   the 

Mr.  Whalley^  the  ingenious  Editor  of  Jonfon, 
hath  written  a  piece  expreflly  on  this  fubject: 
perhaps  from  a  very  excufable  partiality,  he 
was  willing  to  draw  Shakefpeare  from  the  field 
of  Nature  to  claffick  ground,  where  alone  he 
knew  his  Author  was  able  to  cope  with  him. 

Thefe  criticks,  and  many  others  their  coad- 
jutors, have  fuppofed  themfelves  able  to  trace 
Shakefpeare  in  the  writings  of  the  Ancients ; 
and  have  fometimes  perfuaded  us  of  their 
own  learning,  whatever  became  of  their  Au- 
thor's. Plagiarifms  have  been  difcovered  in 
every  natural  defcription  and  every  moral 
fentiment.  Indeed  by  the  kind  affiftance  of 
the  various  Excerpt  a>  Sententia,  and  Flores,  this 
bufinefs  may  be  effected  with  very  little  ex- 
penfe  of  time  or  fagacity;  as  Addifon  hath 
demonftrated  in  his  Comment  on  Chevy-chace> 
and  Wagliaff  on  Tom  Thumb :  and  I  myfelf 
will  engage  to  give  you  quotations  from  the 
elder  Englijh  writers  (for  to  own  the  truth,  I 
was  once  idle  enough  to  coiled  fuch)  which 
fhall  carry  with  them  at  leaft  an  equal  degree 
of  fimilarity.  But  there  will  be  no  occafion 
to  wafte  any  more  of  our  time  in  this  de- 
partment, whilft:  the  world  is  in  poffeffion  of 
the  Marks  of  Imitation. 

**  Shakefpeare  however  hath  frequent  allu- 

fions 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  9 
fions  to  the  faffs  and  fables  of  antiquity ;?' 
this  is  certainly  true,  and  as  Mat.  Prior  fays, 
to  fave  the  efFufion  of  more  Chriftian  ink, 
I  will  endeavour  to  fhew,  how  they  came  to 
his  acquaintance. 

It  is  notorious,  that  much  of  his  matter  of 
faEl  knowledge  is  deduced  from  Plutarch :  but 
in  what  language  he  read  him,  hath  yet  been 
the  queftion.  Mr.  Upton  is  pretty  confident 
of  his  fkill  in  the  Original,  and  correfts  ac- 
cordingly the  Errors  of  his  Copyijls  by  the 
Greek  ftandard.  Take  a  few  inftances,  which 
will  elucidate  this  matter  fufficiently. 

In  the  third  A61  of  Anthony  and  Cleopatra, 
Oftavius  reprefents  to  his  Courtiers  the  im- 
perial pomp  of  thofe  illuftrious  lovers,  and 
the  arrangement  of  their  dominion, 

u  Unto  her 

He  gave  the  'ftablifhment  of  Egypt,  made  her 
Of  lower  Syria,  Cyprus,  Lydia, 
Abfolute  Queen." 

Read  Libya,  fays  the  critick  authoritatively, 
as  is  plain  from  Plutarch,  n^&rqv  pev  <*Ve£ye 

This  is  very  true  :  Mr.  Heath  accedes  to  the 
correction,  and  Mr.  Johnfon  admits  it  into  the 
Text:  but  turn  to  the  tranflation,  from  the 

B  French 


io  An   ESSAY  on   the 

French  of  Amyot^  by  Thomas  Norths  1 579,  and 
you  will  at  once  fee  the  origin  of  the  miftake. 
Ci  Firft  of  all  he  did  eftablifh  Cleopatra 
Queene  of  ^Egypt,  of  Cyprus,  of  Lydia,  and 
the  lower  Syria." 

Again  in  the  Fourth  A£l, 

«  My  meflenger 

He  hath  whipt  with  rods,  dares  me  to  perfonal  combat, 
Cafar  to  Anthony.        Let  th'  old  Ruffian  know 
I  have  many  other  ways  to  die  3  mean  time 
Laugh  at  his  challenge." 

"  What  a  reply  is  this,  cries  Mr.  Upton  f 
'tis  acknowledging  he  fhould  fall  under  the 
unequal  combat.    But  if  we  read, 

"  Let  th'  old  Ruffian  know 


He  hath  many  other  ways  to  die;  mean  time 
/laugh  at  his  challenge." 

We  have  the  poignancy  and  the  very  repartee 
of  Cafar  in  Plutarch!' 

This  correction  was  firft  made  by  Sir 
Thomas  Hanmer^  and  Mr.  John/on  hath  received 
it.  Moft  indifputably  it  is  the  fenfe  of  Plu- 
tarcby  and  given  fo  in  the  modern  tranflations  : 
but  Shakefpeare  was  mifled  by  the  ambiguity 
of  the  old  one,  "  Antoniits  fent  again  to 
challenge  Cafar  to  fight  him  :  Cafar  anfwer- 
ed,  That  he  had  many  other  ways  to  die, 
than  fo." 

In 


Learning  of  Shakespeare,   ii 
In  the  Third  Act  of  Julius  Ccefar,  Anthony 
in   his  well-known  harangue  to  the  people, 
repeats  a  part  of  the  Emperor's  will, 

"  To  every  Roman  citizen  he  gives, 

To  every  fev'ral  man,  feventy  five  drachma's 

Moreover  he  hath  left  you  all  his  walks, 

His  private  arbours,  and  new-planted  orchards, 

On  this  fide  Tyber." 

"  Our  Author  certainly  wrote,  fays  Mr. 
Theobald,  On  that  fide  Tyber — 

Trans  Tiberim  —  prope  Caefaris  hortos. 
And  Plutarch,  whom  Shakefpearc  very  diligent- 
ly Jludied  expreflly  declares,   that  he  left  the 
publick  his  gardens  and  walks,  tts^ocv  th  votu^* 
beyond  the  Tyber." 

This  emendation  likewife  hath  been  adopt- 
ed by  the  fubfequent  Editors ;  but  hear  again 
the  old  Translation,  where  Shake/peare's  jludy 
lay,  cc  He  bequeathed  unto  every  citizen  of 
Rome,  feventy-five  drachmas  a  man,  and  he 
left  his  gardens  and  arbours  unto  the  people, 
which  he  had  on  this  fide  of  the  river  of 
Tyber."  I  could  furnifh  you  with  many  more 
inftances,  but  thefeare  as  good  as  athoufand. 

Hence  had  our  Author  his  charafteriftick 
knowledge  of  Brutus  and  Anthony ',  upon  which 
much  argumentation  for  his  learning  hath 
been  founded:  and  hence  literatim  the  Epitaph 
<?n  Timon,  Which  it  was  once  prefumed,  he  had 

B  z  cor- 


iz  An  ESSAY  on  the 

corre£ted  from  the  blunders  of  the  Latin  ver- 
fion,  by  his  own  fuperior  knowledge  of  the 
Original. 

c<  But  Shake/pear  e,  perfifts  Mr.  Upton,  hath 
fome  Greek  Exprejfions"  Indeed  !  —  "  We 
have  one  in  Coriolanus, 

„ _ —  <c  jt  is  held 


That  valour  is  the  chiefeft  Virtue,  and 
Moft  dignifies  the  Haver." — — 

and  another  in  Macbeth, 


My  noble  Partner 


You*  great  with  prefent  grace  and  great  prediction 
Of  noble  having" 

Gr.  6%6/a.  and  Tr^og  rov  txovru)  to  the  Haver" 

This  was  the  common  language  of  Shake- 
fpeares  time.  <c  Lye  in  a  water-bearer's  houfe ! 
fays  Mailer  Mat  hew  of  Bobadil,  a  Gentleman 
of  his  havings !  "  and  Daniel  the  Hiftorian 
ufes  the  word  frequently.  Having  feems  to 
be  fynonymous  with  behaviour  in  Douglas  and 
the  elder  Scotch  writers. 

Haver  is  every  where  met  with :  tho'  unfor- 
tunately the  wmq  tov  exMTo,  of  Sophocles,  pro- 
duced as  an  authority  for  it,  is  fufpecied  by 
Kufler,  as  good  a  critick  in  thefe  matters,  to 
have  abfolutely  a  different  meaning. 

But  what  fhall  we  fay  to  the  learning  of 
the  Clown  in  Hamlet  y  "  Ay,  tell  me  that,  and 

unyoke  ? 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  13 
unyoke  ?  "  alluding  to  the  BaXvTog  of  the  Greeks: 
and  Homer  and  his  Scholiaft  are  quoted  ac- 
cordingly. 

If  it  be  not  fufficient  to  affert  it,  with 
Dr.  Warburton,  a  phrafe  taken  from  Hus- 
bandry, without  much  depth  of  reading ;  we 
may  produce  it  from  a  Dittie  of  the  work- 
men of  Dover  1  preferved  in  the  additions  to 
Hollingjhedy 

u  My  bow  is  broke,  I  would  unyoke. 
My  foot  is  fore,  I  can  worke  no  more/* 

An  expreffion  of  my  Dame  Quickly  is  next 
fattened  upon,  which  you  may  look  for  in 
vain  in  the  modern  text  5  fhe  calls  the  pre- 
tended Fairies  in  the  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor, 

1 "  Orphan  Heirs  of  fixed  Deftiny." 

and  how  elegant  is  this,  quoth  Mr.Upton, 
fuppofmg  the  word  to  be  ufed,  as  a  Grecian 
would  have  ufed  it  ?  itfbmt  ab  igpvoQ  —  a<5t- 
ing  in  darknefs  and  obfcurity." 

Mr.  Heath  affures  us,  that  the  bare  mention 
of  fuch  an  interpretation,  is  a  fufficient  refu- 
tation of  it :  and  his  critical  word  will  be  rather 
taken  in  Greek  than  in  Englijh :  in  the  fame 
hands  therefore  I  will  venture  to  leave  all  our 
author's  knowledge  of  the  Old  Comedy,  and  his 
etymological  learning  in  the  word,  Defdemona, 
3  Surely 


14  An  ESSAY  on   the 

Surely  poor  Mr.  Upton  was  very  little 
acquainted  with  Fairies,  notwithftanding  his 
laborious  ftudy  of  Spenfer.  The  laft  authentick 
account  of  them  is  from  our  Countryman, 
Lilly  ;  and  it  by  no  means  agrees  with  the 
learned  interpretation:  for  they  appeared  in 
his  Hurjl  wood  in  a  moft  illujlrions  Glory,  — — 
<c  and  indeed,  proceeds  the  Sage,  it  is  not 
given  to  very  many  perfons  to  endure  their 
glorious  afpeSfs." 

The  only  ufe  of  tranfcribing  thefe  things, 
is  to  Ihow  what  abfurdities  men  for  ever  run 
into,  when  they  lay  down  a  Hypothefis,  and 
afterward  feek  for  arguments  in  the  fupport 
of  it.  What  elfe  could  induce  this  man,  by  no 
means  a  bad  fcholar,  to  doubt  whether  true- 
penny might  not  be  derived  from  TguTraiwjand 
quote  upon  us  with  much  parade  an  old 
Scholiafl  on  Arijlophanes  f  I  will  not  ftop  to 
confute  him:  nor  take  any  notice  of  two  or 
three  more  Expreffions,  in  which  he  was 
pleafed  to  fuppofe  fome  learned  meaning  or 
other ;  all  which  he  might  have  found  in  every 
Writer  of  the  time,  or  ftill  more  eafily  in  the 
vulgar  Tranflation  of  the  Bible,  by  confulting 
the  Concordance  of  Alexander  Cruden. 

But  whence  have  we  the  Plot  of  Timon,  ex- 
cept from  the  Greek  of  Luc i an  ?  The  Editors 

and 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.   15 

and  Criticks  have  been  never  at  a  greater  lofs, 
than  in  their  inquiries  of  this  fort ;  and  the 
fource  of  a  Tale  hath  been  often  in  vain  fought 
abroad,  which  might  eafily  have  been  found 
at  home  :  My  good  friend,  the  very  ingenious 
Editor  of  the  Reliques  of  ancient  Englijh  Poetry, 
hath  (hewn  our  Author  to  have  been  fome- 
times  contented  with  a  legendary  Ballad. 

The  Story  of  the  Mifanthrope  is  told  in  al- 
moft  every  Colle&ion  of  the  time  ;  and  parti- 
cularly in  two  books,  with  which  Shakefpeare 
was  intimately  acquainted ;  the  Palace  of  Plea- 
fure^  and  the  Englijh  Plutarch.  Indeed  from  a 
pafTage  in  an  old  Play,  called  Jack  Drums 
Entertainement>  I  conjecture  that  he  had  be- 
fore made  his  appearance  on  the  Stage. 

Were  this  a  proper  place  for  fuch  a  difqui- 
fition,  I  could  give  you  many  cafes  of  this 
kind.  We  are  fent  for  inftance  to  Cinthio  for 
the  Plot  of  Meafure  for  Meafure,  and  Shake- 
fpeare's  judgement  hath  been  attacked  for  fome 
deviations  from  him  in  the  conduft  of  it : 
when  probably  all  he  knew  of  the  matter  was 
from  Madam  Ifabella  in  the  Heptameron  of 
Whetflone.  Ario/lo  is  continually  quoted  for 
the  Fable  of  Much  ado  about  Nothing ;  but  t 
fufpeft  our  Poet  to  have  been  fatisfied  with 
the  Geneura  of  Turberville.    As  you  like  it  was 

certainly 


16  An   ESSAY  on  the 

certainly  borrowed,  if  we  believe  Dr.  Grey,  and 
Mr.  Upton,  from  the  Cokes  "Tale  of  Gamelyn ; 
which  by  the  way  was  not  printed  'till  a  cen- 
tury afterwards :  when  in  truth  the  old  Bard, 
who  was  no  hunter  of  M.S.  S.  contented  him- 
felf  with  Dr.  Lodges  Rofalynd  or  Euphues  Gol- 
den Legacye.  The  Story  of  All's  well  that  ends 
welly  or,  as  I  fuppofe  it  to  have  been  fome- 
times  called,  Loves  labour  wonne,  is  originally  in- 
deed the  property  of  Boccace>h  but  it  came  im- 
mediately to  Shakefpeare  from  Painters  Giletta 
of  Narbon.  Mr.  Langbaine  could  not  conceive, 
whence  the  Story  of  Pericles  could  be  taken, 
"  not  meeting  in  Hiflory  with  any  fuch  Prince 
of  Tyre  ;"  yet  his  legend  may  be  found  at  large 
in  old  Gowery  under  the  name  of  Appolynus. 

Pericles  is  one  of  the  Plays  omitted  in  the 
later  Editions,  as  well  as  the  firft  Folio's,  and 
not  improperly;  tho'  it  was  publifhed  many 

years 

b  Our  ancient  Poets  are  under  greater  obligations 
to  Boccace,  than  is  generally  imagined.  Who  would 
fufpeft,  that  Chaucer  hath  borrowed  from  an  Italian 
the  facetious  Tale  of  the  Miller  of  Trutnpington  t 

.  Mr.  Dryden  obferves  on  the  Epic  performance  of 
Palawan  and  Arcite,  a  poem  little  inferior  in  his  opi- 
nion to  the  Iliad  or  the  Mneid,  that  the  name  of  it's 
Author  is  wholly  loft,  and  Chancer  is  now  become  the 
Original.  But  he  is  miftaken  :  this  likewife  was  the 
work  of  Boccace,  and  printed  at  Ferrara  in  1475.  I 
have  feen  a  copy  of  it  in  the  noble  Library  of  the 
very  learned  and  communicative  Dr.  Ajkew. 


Learning  of  Shakespeare,  ly 

years  before  the  death  of  Shakejpeare,  with 
his  name  in  the  Title-page.  Aulus  Gellius  in- 
forms us,  that  fome  Plays  are  afcribed  abfo- 
lutely  to  Plautus,  which  he  only  retouched  and 
polified;  and  this  is  undoubtedly  the  cafe  with 
our  Author  likewife.  The  revival  of  this  per- 
formance was  probably  his  earlieft  attempt  in 
the  Drama.  I  know,  that  another  of  thefe  dis- 
carded pieces,  the  Yorkjlrire  Tragedy,  hath 
been  frequently  called  fo  -,  but  moll  certainly 
it  was  not  written  by  our  Poet  at  all.  The 
Fa6l  on  which  it  is  built,  was  perpetrated  no 
fooner  than  1604  :  much  too  late  for  fo  mean 
a  performance  from  the  hand  of  Shakejpeare. 
Sometimes  a  very  little  matter  dete£ts  a 
forgery.  You  may  remember  a  Play  called  the 
Double  Faljhoodj  which  Mr.  Theobald  was  de- 
firous  of  palming  upon  the  world  for  a  poft- 
humous  one  of  Shakefpeare :  and  I  fee,  it  is 
reckoned  as  fuch  in  the  laft  Edition  of  the 
Bodleian  Catalogue.  Mr.  Pope  himfelf,  in  a 
Letter  to  Aaron  Hill,  fuppofes  it  of  that  age ; 
but  a  miftaken  accent  determines  it  to  be 

modern, 

cc  Thjg  jate  example 

Of  bafe  Henriquez,  bleeding  in  me  now, 
From  each  good  jlfpett  takes  away  my  truft." 

And  in  another  place, 

"  You  have  an  AfptEt%  Sir,  of  wondrous  wifdom." 

C  .The 


i8  An  ESSAY  on  the 

The  word  AfpeSl,  you  perceive,  is  here  accent- 
ed on  the  firft  Syllable,  which,  I  am  confident, 
was  never  the  cafe  in  the  time  of  Sbakefpeare-, 
tho'  it  may  fometimes  appear  to  be  fo,  by  not 
gbferving  the  Elifion  of  a  preceding  one.c 

Some  of  the  profefled  Imitators  of  our  old 
Poets  have  not  attended  to  this  and  many 
other  Minutice:  I  could  point  out  to  you  fe- 
veral  performances  in  the  refpe£tive  Styles  of 
Chaucer \,  Spenfer,  and  Sbakefpeare,  which  the 
imitated  Bard  could  not  poflibly  have  either 
read  or  conftrued. 

But  to  return,  as  we  fay  on  other  occafions. 
—  Perhaps  the  Advocates  for  Sbakefpeare  $ 
knowledge  of  the  Latin  language  may  be  more 
fuccefsfuL  Mr.  Gil  Jon  takes  the  Van.  cc  It  is 
plain,  that  He  was  acquainted  with  the  Fables 
of  antiquity  very  well :  that  fome  of  the  Ar- 
rows of  CupiJ  are  pointed  with  Lead,  and 
others  with  Gold,  he  found  in  OviJ;  and 
what  he  fpeaks  of  DiJo,  in  Virgil :  nor  do  I 
know  any  tranflation  of  thefe  Poets  fo  an- 
cient as  Sbakefpeare^  time."  The  paffages  on 
which  thefe  fagacious  remarks  are  made,  occur 
in  the  MiJfummer  Night's  Dream-,  and  exhi- 
bit, 

c  Thus  a  line  in  Hamlet's  defcription  of  the  Player, 
"  Tears  in  his  eyes,  diftradtion  in  his  alpedt." 
Ihwld  be  printed  as  in  the  old  Folio's, 

*c  Tears  in  his  eyes,  diftra&ion  in's  afpeft." 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.    19 

bit,  we  fee,  a  clear  proof  of  acquaintance 
with  the  Latin  Clafficks.  But  we  are  not  an- 
fwerable  for  Mr.  Gildons  ignorance;  he  might 
have  been  told  of  Caxton  and  Douglas,  of  Sur- 
rey and  Stanyhurjl,  of  Phaer  and  Twyne,  of  Flem- 
ing and  Golding!  but  thefe  fables  were  eafily 
known  without  the  help  of  either  the  origi- 
nals or  the  tranflations.  The  Fate  of  Dido 
had  been  fung  very  early  by  Chaucer,  Gower* 
and  Lydgate ;  and  Cupid's  arrows  appear  with 
their  characleriflick  differences  in  Surrey,  in 
Sidney,  in  Spenfer,  and  every  Sonetteer  of  the 
time.  Nay,  their  very  names  were  exhibited 
long  before  in  the  Romaunt  of  the  Rofe :  a  work, 
you  may  venture  to  look  into,  notwithftand- 
ing  Mr.  Prynne  hath  fo  pofitively  allured  us, 
on  the  word  of  John  Gerfon,  that  the  Author 
is  moft  certainly  damned,  if  he  did  not  care 
of  a  ferious  repentance. 

Mr.  Whalley  argues  in  the  fame  manner,  and 
with  the  fame  fuccefs.  He  thinks  a  palfage  in 
the  Tempef, 

"  Great  Juno  comes ;  I  know  her  by  her  Gait." 

A  remarkable  inftance  of  Shakejpeares  know- 
ledge of  the  ancient  Poetick  ftory ;  and  that, 
the  hint  was  furnifhed  by  the  Divum  incedo 
Regina  of  Virgil. 

You  know,  honeft  John  "Taylor,,  the-  Water- 
C  z  poet, 


20  An  ESSAY  on  the 

poet,  declares  that  he  never  learn  d  his  Accidence, 
and  that  Latin  and  French  were  to  him  Heathen- 
Greek  -,  yet  by  the  help  of  Mr-  Whallefs  argu- 
ment, I  will  prove  him  a  learned  Man,  in 
fpite  of  every  thing,  he  may  fay  to  the  con- 
trary :  for  thus  he  makes  a  Gallant  addrefs 
his  Lady, 

"  Moil  ineftimable  Magazine  of  Beauty  — 
in  whom  the  Pert  and  Majefty  of  Juno,  the 
Wifdom  of  Jove's  braine-bred  Girle,  the  Fea- 
ture of  Cytherea, d  &c.  have  their  domeflical 
habitation. " 

In  the  Merchant  of  Venice,  we  have  an  oath 
cc  By  two-headed  Janus  j"  and  here,  fays  Dn 
Warburton,  Shakefpeare  fhows  his  knowledge 
in  the  Antique :  and  fo  again  does  the  Water- 
poet,  who  defcribes  Fortune 

"  Like  a  Janus  with  a  double  face." 

But 

d  This  paffage  recalls  to  my  memory  a  very  ex- 
traordinary fad:.  A  few  years  ago,  at  a  great  Court 
on  the  Continent,  a  Countryman  of  our's  of  high 
rank  and  charader,  exhibited  with  many  other  Can- 
didates his  compli mental  Epigram  on  the  Birth-day, 
and  carried  the  prize  in  triumph, 

"  O  Regina  orbis  prima  &  pulcherrima:  ridens 
Es  Venus,  incedens  Juno,  Minerva  loquens." 
Literally  ftolen  from  Angerianus, 

c<  Tres  quondam  nudas  videt  Priameius  heros 
Luce  deas  :  video  tres  qnoque  luce  deas. 

Hoc  majus  ;  tres  uno  in  corpore:  Ccelia  ridens 
Eft  Venus,  incedens  Juno,  Minerva  loquens." 

4 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  21 

'  But  Shakefpeare  hath  fomewhere  a  Latin 
Motto,  quoth  Dr.  Sewel;  and  fo  hath  John 
Taylor ',  and  a  whole  Poem  upon  it  into  the 
bargain. 

You  perceive,  my  dear  Sir,  how  vague  and 
indeterminate  fuch  arguments  mult  be :  I  am 
forry  to  trouble  you  with  trifles,  yet  what  muft 
be  done,  when  grave  men  infift  upon  them  ? 

It  fhould  feem  to  be  the  opinion  of  fome 
modern  criticks,  that  the  perfonages  of  claf- 
fick  land  began  firft  to  be  known  in  England 
in  the  time  of  Shakefpeare  5  or  rather,  that  he 
particularly  had  the  honour  of  introducing 
them  to  the  notice  of  his  countrymen. 

For  inftance,—  Rumour,  painted  full  of  tongues, 
gives  us  a  Prologue  to  one  of  the  parts  of  Henry 
the  Fourth ;  and,  fays  Dr.  Dodd,  Shakefpeare 
had  doubtlefs  a  view  to  either  Virgil's  or  Ovid's 
defcription  of  Fame. 

But  why  fo  ?  Stephen  Hawes  m  his  Paflime 
of  Pleafure  had  long  before  exhibited  her  in 
the  fame  manner, 

"  A  goodly  Lady  envyroned  about 
With  tongues  of  fyre." 

and  fo  had  Sir  Thomas  More  in  one  of  his 
Pageants, 

u  Fame  I  am  called,  mervayle  you  nothing 
Though  with  tonges  I  am  compafled  all  rounde*" 

not 


22  An  ESSAY  on  the 

not  to  mention  her  elaborate  Portrait  by 
John  Higgins,  in  his  Legend  of  King  Alha^ 
naSie. 

Thus  likewife  every  word  of  antiquity  is 
to  be  cut  down  to  the  claffical  ftandard. 

In  a  Note  on  the  Prologue  to  Troilus  and 
CreJJida,  Mr.  'Theobald  informs  us,  that  the 
very  names  of  the  gates  of  Troy,  have  been 
barbaroufly  demolifhed  by  the  Editors  :  and 
a  deal  of  learned  dull  he  makes  in  fetting 
them  right  again  j  much  however  to  Mr. 
Heath's  fatisfadtion.  But  had  he  looked  into 
the  Troy  boke  of  Lydgate,  inftead  of  puzzling 
himfelf  with  Dares  Phrygius,  he  would  have 
found  this  horrid  demolition  to  have  been 
neither  the  work  of  Shakefpeare  nor  his  Editors. 

Mr.  Upton,  not  contented  with  Heathen 
learning,  when  he  finds  it  in  the  text,  will 
neceffarily  fuper-add  it,  when  it  happens  to  be 
wanting;  becaufe  Shakefpeare  moft  certainly 
intended  it  I 

In  Much  ado  about  Nothing,  Don  Pedro  fays 
of  Benedict,  "  He  hath  twice  or  thrice  cut 
Cupid's  bow-ftring,   and  the  little  Hangman. 
dare  not  flioot  at  him." 

This  mythology  the  critick  does  not  recoi- 
led in  the  Ancients,  and  therefore  doubts 
not,  but  his  Author  wrote  "  Henchman,  i.  e. 

Pagen 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  3$ 
Pagey  Pufio  •"  and  this  word  feeming  too  hard 
for  the  Printer,  he  tranflated  the  little  Urchin 
into  a  Hangman*  a  chara&er  no  way  belong- 
ing to  him." 

But  this  character  was  not  borrowed  from 
the  Ancients  -,  it  came  from  the  Arcadia  of  Sir 
Philip  Sidney : 

"  Millions  of  yeares  this  old  drivell  Cupid  lives ; 

While  ftill  more  wretch,  more  wicked  he  doth  prove ; 

Till  now  at  length  that  Jove  him  office  gives, 

(At  Juno's  fuite  who  much  did  Argus  love) 
In  this  our  world  a  Hangman  for  to  be 
Of  all  thofe  fooles  that  will  have  all  they  fee/* 

I  know  it  may  be  obje&ed  on  the  authority 
of  fuch  Biographers,  as  Theophilus  Cibber,  and 
the  writer  of  the  Life  of  Sir  Philip,  prefixed 
to  the  modern  Editions ,  that  the  Arcadia  was 
not  publifhed  before  16 13,  and  confequently 
too  late  for  this  imitation:  but  I  have  a  Copy 
in  my  ownpoflefllon,  printed  for  W.  Ponfonbie, 
1590,  £to.  though  it  hath  efcaped  the  notice 
of  the  induftrious  Amesy  and  the  reft  of  our 
typographical  Antiquaries. 

Our  excellent  friend  Mr.  Hurd  hath  en- 
deavoured to  faften  only  one  imitation  on 
Shakefpeare:  which  hath  been  infifted  upon 
likewife  by  Mr.  Upton  and  Mr.  Whalley.  You 
remember  it  in  the  famous  Speech  of  Claudio 
in  Meafurefor  Meafure* 

Moft 


2T4  An  ESSAY  on  the 

M oft  certainly  the  Idea  of  the  "  Spirit  bath- 
ing in  fiery  floods,"or  of  refiding  "  in  thrilling 
regions  of  thick-ribbed  ice,"  is  not  original 
to  our  Poet;  which  is  the  whole,  that  is 
wanted  for  the  argument :  but  I  am  not  fure, 
that  they  came  from  the  Platonick  hell  of 
Virgil  The  Monks  alfo  had  their  hot  and 
their  cold  Hell,  "  the  fyrfte  is  fyre  that  ever 
brenneth,  and  never  gyveth  lighte,  fays  an 
old  Homily :  —  The  feconde  is  pafTyng  colde, 
that  yf  a  greate  hylle  of  fyre  were  caft  therin, 
it  fliold  torne  to  yce."  One  of  their  Legends, 
well  remembered  in  the  time  of  Shakefpeare, 
gives  us  a  Dialogue  between  a  Bifliop  and  a 
Soul  tormented  in  a  piece  of  ice,  which  was 
brought  to  cure  a  brenning  heate  in  his  foot : 
take  care,  that  you  do  not  interpret  this  the 
Gouty  for  I  remember  Menage  quotes  a  Canon 
upon  us, 
*  Si  quis  dixerit  Epifcopum/^i^jnz  laborare,  Anathema  lit.'* 

Another  tells  us  of  the  Soul  of  a  Monk 
fattened  to  a  Rock,  which  the  winds  were  tQ 
blow  about  for  a  twelvemonth,  and  purge  of 
it's  Enormities.  Indeed  this  doctrine  was  be- 
fore now  introduced  into  poetick  fi£tion,  as  you 
may  fee  in  a  Poem  c|  where  the  Lover  declar- 
eth  his  pains  to  exceed  far  the  pains  of  Hell," 
among  the  many  mifcellaneous  ones  fubjoined 

to 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  25 
to  the  Works  of  Surrey :  of  which  you  will 
fbon  have  a  beautiful  Edition  from  the  able 
hand  of  my  Friend  Mr.  Percy.  Nay,  a  very 
learned  and  inquifitive  Brother-Antiquary 
hath  obferved  to  me,  on  the  authority  of 
Blefkenius,  that  this  was  the  ancient  opinion 
of  the  inhabitants  of  Iceland,  who  were  cer- 
tainly very  little  read  either  in  the  Poet  or  the 
Philofopher. 

But  to  come  nearer  to  the  purpofe,  what  will 
you  fay,  if  I  can  fhow  you,  that  Shakejpeare, 
when,  in  the  favourite  phrafe,  he  had  a  Latin 
Claflick  in  his  Eye,  moll  affuredly  made  ufe 
of  a  Tranflation. 

Profpero  in  the  Tempejl  begins  the  Addrefs 
to  his  Spirits, 

u  Ye  Elves  of  Hills,  of  (landing  Lakes,  and  Groves.'* 

This  fpeech,  Dr.  Warburton  rightly  obferves 
to  be  borrowed  from  Medea 's  in  Ovid:  and 
it  proves,  fays  Mr.  Holt,  beyond  contradi£tion, 
that  Shakefpeare  wras  perfectly  acquainted  with 
the  Sentiments  of  the  Ancients  on  the  Subjeft 
of  Inchantments.  The  original  lines  are  thefe, 

cc  Auraeque,  &  venti,  montefque,  amnefque,  lacufque, 
Diique  omnes  nemorum,  diique  omnes  no&is  adefte." 

The  tranflation  of  which  by  Golding  is  by  no 

means  literal,    and  Shakefpeare   hath   clofely 

followed  it; 

D  '*  Ye 


26  An   ESSAY  on  the 

"  Ye  Ayres  and  Winds  ;  Te  Elves  of  Hills,  of  Brookes, 

of  Woods  alone, 
Of  (landing  Lakes,  and  of  the  Night  approche  ye  every ch 

one." 

I  think  it  is  unnecefiary  to  purfue  this  any 
further,  efpecially  as  more  powerful  argu- 
ments await  us. 

In  the  Merchant  of  Venice,  the  "Jew,  as  an 
apology  for  his  behaviour  to  Anthonio,  re- 
hearfes  many  Sympathies  and  Antipathies  for 
which  no  reafon  can  be  rendered, 

c<  Some  love  not  a  gaping  Pig 

And  others  when  a  Bagpipe  fings  i'th'  nofe 
Cannot  contain  their  urine  for  affedtion," 

This  incident,  Dr.  Warburton  fuppofes  to 
be  taken  from  a  paflage  in  Scaligers  Exerci- 
tations  againft  Cardan,  "  Narrabo  tibi  jocofam 
Sympathiam  Reguli  Vafconis  Equitis :  Is  dum 
viveret  audito  Phormingis  fono,  urinam  illico 
facere  cogebatur."  And,  proceeds  the  Do£tor, 
to  make  this  jocular  flory  ftill  more  ridiculous, 
Shakefpeare,  I  fuppofe,  tranflated  Phorminx  by 
Bagpipes. 

Here  we  feem  fairly  caught;  for  Scaligers  work 
was  never,  as  the  term  goes,  done  into  Eng/i/h. 
But  luckily  in  an  old  book  tranflated  from  the 
French  of  Peter  Le  Loier,  entitled,  A  treatife  of 
Speffers,  or  Jiraunge  Sights,  &c.  we  have  this 

identical 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  27 

identical  Story  from  Scaliger :  and  what  is 
ftill  more,  a  marginal  Note  gives  us  in  all 
probability  the  very  fact  alluded  to;  as  veil 
as  the  word  of  Shakejpearc,  iQ  Another  Gentle- 
man of  this  quality  liued  of  late  in  Deuon 
neere  Excefter,  who  could  not  endure  the 
playing  on  a  Bagpipe" 

A  word  in  Queen  Catherines  Chara&er  of 
Wolfey,  in  Henry  the  8th,  is  brought  by  the 
Do6lor  as  another  argument  for  the  learning 
of  Shakefpeare. 

«  He  was  a  man 

Of  an  unbounded  Stomach,  ever  ranking 
Himfelf  with  Princes  ;  one  that  by  Suggejiion 
Ty'd  all  the  kingdom.     Simony  was  fair  play. 
His  own  opinion  was  his  law.  i'th'  prefence 
He  would  fay  untruths,  and  be  ever  double 
Both  in  his  words  and  meaning.    He  was  never 
But  where  he  meant  to  ruin,  pitiful. 
His  promifes  were,  as  he  then  was,  mighty; 
But  his  performance,  as  he  now  is,  nothing* 
Of  his  own  body  he  was  ill,  and  gave 
The  Clergy  ill  example." 

The  word  Suggejiion,  fays  the  Critick,  is 
here  ufed  with  great  propriety,  and  feeming 
knowledge  of  the  Latin  tongue.  And  he  pro- 
ceeds to  fettle  the  fenfe  of  it  from  the  late  Ro- 
man writers  and  their  glojjers  :  but  Shakefpeare ?s 
knowledge  was  from  HoUngjliedy  he  follows 
him  verbatim^ 

Da  *         4I  This 


28  An   ESSAY  on  the 

r!  This  Cardinal  was  of  a  great  ftomach, 
for  he  compted  himfelf  equal  with  princes, 
and  by  craftie  Suggefiion  got  into  his  hands 
innumerable  treafure  :  he  forced  little  on  fi- 
monie,  and  was  not  pitifull,  and  flood  affec- 
tionate in  his  own  opinion  :  in  open  prefence 
he  would  lie  and  feie  untruth,  and  was  double 
both  in  fpeech  and  meaning :  he  would  pro- 
mife  much  and  performe  little :  he  was  vicious 
of  his  bodie,  and  gaue  the  clergie  euil  ex- 
ample." And  it  is  one  of  the  articles  of 
his  Impeachment  in  Dr.  Fiddes  Collections, 
"  That  the  faid  Lord  Cardinal  got  a  Bull  for 
the  fuppreffing  certain  houfes  of  Religion,  by 
his  untrue  Suggeftion  to  the  Pope." 

Perhaps  after  thefe  quotations,  you  may 
not  think,  that  Sir  Thomas  Hanmers  conje£hire, 
who  reads  Tytk'd  inftead  of  Tyd  in  the  above 
paffage,  deferves  quite  fo  much  of  Dr.  War- 
burtons  feverity. 

Mr.  Upton  and  fome  other  Criticks  have 
thought  it  very  fcholar-like  in  Hamlet  to 
fwear  the  Centinels  on  his  Sword:  but  this  is 
for  ever  met  with.  In  Rieronymo,  for  inftance, 
the  common  Butt  of  our  Author  and  the 
Wits  of  the  time,  fays  Lorenzo  to  Pedringano^ 

"  Swear  on  this  crofs,  that  what  thou  fayft  is  true  — - 
But  if  I  prove  thee  perjured  and  unjuft, 

2  This 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  29 

This  very  fivord^  whereon  thou  took'ft  thine  oath 
Shall  be  the  worker  of  thy  Tragedy  !" 

And  in  Dekkers  Satiro-maftix,  or  the  Untruf* 
fmg  of  the  humourous  Poet>  Sir  Rees  ap  Vaughan 
fwears  in  the  fame  manner.  We  have  there- 
fore no  occafion  to  go  with  Mr.  Garrick  as 
far  as  the  French  of  Brantome  to  illuftrate  this 
ceremony. 

A  flronger  argument  hath  been  brought 
from  the  Plot  of  Hamlet.  Dr.  Grey  and  Mr. 
Whalley  afTure  us,  that  for  this  Shakefpeare 
mult  have  read  Saxo  Grammaticus  in  the  Ori- 
ginal, for  no  tranflation  hath  been  made  into 
any  modern  Language.  But  the  misfortune 
is,  that  he  did  not  take  it  from  Saxo  at  all  ;  a 
Novel  called  the  Hijiorie  of  Hamblet  was  his 
original :  a  fragment  of  which,  in  black  Letter \ 
I  have  feen  in  the  hands  of  a  very  curious  and 
intelligent  Gentleman,  to  whom  the  lovers  of 
Shakefpeare  will  fome  time  or  other  owe  great 
obligations. 

Mr.  Colmariy  in  the  Preface  to  his  elegant 
Tranflation  of  Terence,  hath  offered  fome  ar- 
guments againft  us :  which  have  been  retailed 
with  much  confidence,  fmce  the  appearance 
of  Mr.  Johnfons  Edition. 

"  Befides  the  refemblance  of  particular  paf- 
fages  fcattered  up  and  down  in  different  plays, 

it 


*3o  An  ESSAY  on   the 

it  is  well  known,  that  the  Comedy  of  Errors  is 
in  great  meafure  founded  on  the  Mencechmi 
of  Plautus  5  but  I  do  not  recollect  ever  to 
have  feen  it  obferved,  that  the  difguife  of  the 
Pedant  in  the  Taming  of  the  Shrew,  and  his 
sfTuming  the  name  and  character  oiVincentio, 
feem  to  be  evidently  taken  from  the  difguife 
of  the  Sycophanta  in  the  Trinummus  of  the  faid 
Author  3  and  there  is  a  quotation  from  the 
Eunuch  of  Terence  alfo,  ib  familiarly  intro- 
duced into  the  Dialogue  of  the  Taming  of  the 
-Shrew,  that  I  think  it  puts  the  queftion  of 
Sbakefpeare's  having  read  the  Roman  Comick 
Poets  in  the  original  language  out  of  all 
doubt, 

Redime  te  captum,  quam  queas,  minimo," 
With  refpecl  to  refemblances,  I  fhall  not 
trouble  you  any  further. —that  the  Comedy 
of  Errors  is  founded  on  the  Mencechmi,  it  is 
notorious  :  nor  is  it  lefs  fo,  that  a  Transla- 
tion of  it  by  W.  W.  perhaps  William  Warner •, 
the  Author  of  Albions  England,  was  extant  in 
the  time  of  Shakefpeare;  tho'  Mr.  Upton  and 
fome  other  advocates  for  his  learning  have 
cautioufly  dropt  the  mention  of  it,  Befides 
this,  in  the  Ge/la  Grayorum,  the  Chriflmas 
Revels  of  the  Grays-Inn  Gentlemen,  1594, 
*  a  Comedy  of  Errors  like  to  Plautus  his  Me- 

neckmui 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  31 
nechmus  was  played  by  the  Players/'  And  the 
fame  hath  been  fufpe£ted,  to  be  the  gcodlie 
Ccmedie  of  Plant  us  afted  at  Greenwich  before 
the  King  and  Queen  in  1520,  as  we  learn 
from  Hall  and  Hollingped ;  Riccoboni  highly 
compliments  the  Englifo  on  opening  their 
•ftage  fo  well ;  but  unfortunately,  Cavendijh 
in  his  Life  of  Wolfey,  calls  it,  an  excellent  In- 
terlude in  Latine.  About  the  fame  time  how- 
ever it  was  exhibited  mGerman  at Nuremburgh, 
by  the  celebrated  Hanjfach  the  Shoemaker. 

But  a  character  in  the  gaming  of  the  Shrew  is 
borrowed  from  the  Trinummus,  and  no  transla- 
tion of  that  was  extant. 

If  Mr.  Colman  had  met  with  an  old 
Comedy,  called  Suppofes,  tranflated  from  Art- 
ojlo  by  George  Gafcoigne,  he  would  not  have 
appealed  to  Plant  us.  Thence  Shakefpeare  bor- 
rowed this  part  of  the  Plot,  and  indeed  fome  of 
the  phrafeology,  though  Theobald  pronounces 
it  his  own  invention  :  here  likewife  he  found 
the  name  of  Petruchio.  My  young  Mafter 
and  his  Man  exchange  habits  and  characters, 
and  oblige  a  Sciennefe  to  reprefent  the  Father, 
exactly  as  in  the  Tamiftg  of  the  Shrew  >  by  per- 
fiiading  him  of  the  danger  of  his  coming 
from  Scienna  to  Ferrara}  contrary  to  the  order 
of  the  government. 

Still, 


32  An  ESSAY  on   the 

Still,  Shakefpeare  quotes  a  line  from  the 
Eunuch  of  Terence :  by  memory  too,  and  what 
is  more,  "  purpofely  alters  it,  in  order  to  bring 
the  fenfe  within  the  compafs  of  one  line." 

I  could  cut  the  knot  by  faying  fomewhat 
againft  Shakefpeare  $  property  in  this  part  of 
the  Play  -,  but  at  prefent  be  contented  with 
Mr.  Johnfon's  obfervation,  "  Our  Author  had 
this  line  from  Lilly;  which  I  mention  that  it 
may  not  be  brought  as  an  argument  of  his 
leaning*" 

But  how,  cries  an  unprovoked  Antagonift, 
can  you  take  upon  you  to  fay,  that  he  had  it 
from  Lilly j  and  not  from  Terence?  I  will 
anfwer  for  Mr.  Johnfon,  who  is  above  an- 
fwering  for  himfelf.  —  Becaufe  it  is  quoted 
as  it  appears  in  the  Grammarian^  and  not  as 
it  appears  in  the  Poet.  —  and  thus  we  have 
done  with  the  purpofed  alteration.  TJdall  like- 
wife  in  his  Flour es  for  Latin  fpeaking,  gathered 
oute  of  Terence  1560,  reduces  the  pafTage  to 
one  line,  and  fubjoins  a  Tranflation. 

But  the  fheet-anchor  holds  fall :  Shakefpeare 
himfelf  hath  left  fome  Translations  from 
Ovid.  The  Epiftles,  fays  One,  of  Paris  and 
Helen  give  a  fufiicient  proof  of  his  acquaint- 
ance with  that  poet  3  and  it  may  be  concluded, 
fays  Another,  that  he  v/as  a  competent  judge 

of 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  33 

of  other  Author s,  who  wrote  in  the  fame 
language. 

This  hath  been  the  univerfal  cry,  from 
Mr.  Pope  hhnfelf  to  the  Criticks  of  yefterday. 
Poflibly,  however  the  Gentlemen  will  hefi- 
tate  a  moment,  if  we  tell  them,  that  Shake- 
Jpearewas  not  the  Author  of  thefe  Tranflations. 
Let  them  turn  to  a  forgotten  book,  by  Thomas 
Heywood,  called  Britaines  Troy,  printed  by  W. 
Jaggard  in  1609;  an(*  they  will  find  thefe 
identical  Epiftles,  "  which  being  fo  pertinent 
to  our  Hiftorie,  fays  Hey  wood,  I  thought  ne- 
ceflarie  to  tranflate."  How  then  came  they 
afcribed  to  Shakefpeare  f  I  will  tell  them  that 
likewife.  The  fame  voluminous  Writer  pub- 
lifhed  in  161 2,  an  apology  for  Attors,  and  in 
an  Appendix  dire&ed  to  his  new  Printer  Nic. 
Okes,  he  accufes  his  old  One,  Jaggard,  of 
"  taking  the  two  Epiftles  of  Paris  to  Helen, 
and  Helen  to  Paris,  and  printing  them  in  a 
lefs  volume  under  the  name  of  Another  :  — 
but  he  was  much  offended  with  Mailer  Jag- 
gard, that  altogether  unknowne  to  him,  he 
had  prefumed  to  make  fo  bold  with  his  Name." 
In  the  fame  work  of  Heywood  are  all  the  other 
Tranflations,  which  have  been  printed  in  the 
modern  Editions  of  the  Poems  of  Shakefpeare. 

You  now  hope  for  land :  We  have  feen 

E  through 


34  An  ESSAY  on  the 

through  little  matters,  but  what  mull  be 
done  with  a  whole  book?  in  1751,  was  re- 
printed "  A  compendious  or  briefe  examina- 
tion of  certayne  ordinary  complaints  of  diuers 
of  our  Countrymen  in  thefe  our  days  :  which 
although  they  are  in  fome  parte  unjuft  and 
friuolous,  yet  are  they  all  by  way  of  Dialogue 
throughly  debated  and  difcufTed  by  William 
Shakefpeare,  Gentleman." 

This  extraordinary  piece  was  originally 
printed  in  1581,  and  dedicated  by  the  Author, 
"  To  the  molt  vertuous  and  learned  Lady, 
his  moft  deare  and  foveraigne  PrincefTe, 
Elizabeth;  being  inforced  by  her  Majefties 
late  and  lingular  clemency  in  pardoning  cer- 
tayne his  unduetifull  mifdemeanour."  And 
by  the  modern  Editors  to  the  Jate  King,  as 
iC  a  Treatife  compofed  by  the  molt  extenfive 
and  fertile  Genius,  that  ever  any  age  or  nation 
produced." 

Here  we  join  iffue  with  the  Writers  of  that 
excellent  work,  the  e  Biographia  Britan^ica :  i& 

fay 

e  I  muft  however  correft  a  remark  in  the  life  of 
Spenfer,  which  is  irapotently  levelled  at  the  firit  Cri- 
trcks  of  *  the  age.  It  is  obferved  from  the  correspon- 
dence of  Spenfer  and  Gabriel  Harvey^  that  the  Plan  of 
the  Fairy  Queen  was  laid,  and  part  of  it  executed  in 
1580,  three  years  before  the  Jerufalem  of  TaJJb  was 
printed  :  hence  appears  the  impertinence  of  all  the 

apolo- 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  35 

fay  they,  this  piece  could  be  written  by  our 
Poet,  it  would  be  abfolutely  decifive  in  the 
difpute  about  his  learning  ;  for  many  quota- 
tions appear  in  it  from  the  Greek  and  Latin 
Clafficks. 

The  concurring  circumftances  of  the  Name, 
and  the  Mi/demeanor,  which  is  fuppofed  to  be 
the  old  Story  of  Deer-Jlealing^  feem  fairly 
to  challenge  our  Poet  for  the  Author :  but 
they  hefitate.  His  claim,  they  obferve,  ap- 
pears to  be  confuted  by  the  date  1581,  and 
the  long  experience,  which  the  Author  talks 
of.  But  I  will  not  keep  you  in  fufpence :  the 
book  was  not  written  by  Sbakefpeare. 

Strype  calls  the  Writer  fome  learned  Man, 
and  this  gave  me  the  firft  fufpicion.  I  knew 
very  well,  that  honeft  John  did  not  wafte  his 
time  with  fuch  baggage  books  as  Plays  and 
Poems  •,  yet  I  muft  luppofe,  that  he  had  heard 
of  the  name  of  Sbakefpeare.  After  a  while  I 
met  with  the  original  Edition.  Here  in  the 
Title-page  and  at  the  End  of  the  Dedication 

appear 

apologies  for  his  choice  of  Ariojloh  manner  in  prefer- 
ence to  Taffb's ! 

But  the  fa6t  is  not  true  with  refped  to  Taffb. 
Manfo  and  Niceron  inform  us,  that  his  Poem  was  pub- 
liftied  though  imperfeclly  in  1574  ;  and  I  myfelf  can 
affure  the  Biographer,  that  1  have  met  with  at  leaft 
fix  more  Editions,  preceding  his  date  for  it's  firft 
publication, 

E2 


36  An  ESSAY  on  the 

appear  only  the  Initials,  W.  S.  Gent,  and  pre- 
fently  I  was  informed  by  Anthony  Wood,  that 
the  book  in  queftion  was  written,  not  by 
William  Shakefpeare>  but  by  William  Stafford, 
Gentleman :  which  at  once  accounted  for  the 
Mi/demeanor  in  the  Dedication.  For  Stafford 
had  been  at  that  time,  and  was  indeed  after-, 
ward,  as  Camden  and  the  other  Annalifts  in- 
form us,  concerned  with  fome  of  the  many 
confpirators  againft  that  Queens  which  he 
properly  calls  his  widuetifull  behaviour, 

I  hope  by  this  time,  that  any  One  open  to 
convi£tion  may  be  nearly  fatisfied ;  and  I  will 
promife  to  give  you  on  this  head  very  little 
more  trouble. 

The  celebrated  Mr.  Warton  in  his  Life  of 
Dr.  Bathurfty  hath  favoured  us  with  fome 
bear/ay  particulars  concerning  Shakefpeare  from 
a  MS.  of  Aubrey  Sy  which  had  been  in  the 
hands  of  Wood ;  and  I  ought  not  to  fupprefs 
them,  as  the  laft  feems  to  make  againft  my 
doftrine.  They  came  originally,  I  find  on 
confulting  the  MS.  from  one  Mr.  Beejlon : 
and  I  am  lure  Mr.  Wartony  whom  I  have  the 
honour  to  call  my  Friend,  will  be  in  no  pain 
about  their  credit. 

"  William  Shakefpeareh  Father  was  a  Butcher, 
t-  while  he  was  a  Boy  he  exercifed  his  Fa- 
ther's 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.    37  I 

ther's  trade,  but  when  he  killed  a  Calf,  he 
would  do  it  in  a  high  ftile,  and  make  a  fpeech- 
This  William  being  inclined  naturally  to 
Poetry  and  Acting,  came  to  London,  I  guefs, 
about  eighteen,  and  was  an  A&or  in  one  of 
the  Playhoufes,  and  did  a£t  exceedingly  well. 
He  began  early  to  make  Effays  in  dramatiqufe 
Poetry. — The  humour  of  the  Conftable  in 
the  Midfummer  Night's  Dream  he  happen'd  to 
take  at  Crendon  in  Bucks.  —  I  think,  I  have 
been  told,  that  he  left  near  300/.  to  a  Sifter, 
■ —  He  underjlood  Latin  pretty  welly  for  he  had 
been  in  his  younger  yeares  a  Schoolmajler  in  the 
Country.'' 

I  will  be  fhort  in  my  animadverfions  j  and 
•take  them  in  their  order. 

The  account  of  the  Trade  of  the  Family  is 
not  only  contrary  to  all  other  Tradition,  but, 
as  it  may  feem,  to  the  inftrument  from  the 

Herald's  office,  fo  frequently  reprinted. 

Shakefpeare  moft  certainly  went  to  London,  and 
commenced  A6lor  thro'  neceffity,  not  natural 

inclination. Nor  have  we  any  reafon  to 

fuppofe,  that  he  did  a£l  exceedingly  well.   Rowe 
tells  us  from  the  information  of  Betterton, 
>yho  was  inquifitive  into  this  point,  and  had 
yery  early  opportunities  of  Inquiry  from  Sir ; 
W.  Davenant,   that  he  was  no  extraordinary  ■ 

ASfor ; 


38  An  ESSAY  on  the 

A5tor*y  and  that  the  top  of  his  performance 
was  the  Ghoft  in  his  own  Hamlet.  Yet  this 
Chefd'  Oeuvre  did  not  pleafe :  I  will  give  you 
an  original  {broke  at  it,  Dr.  Lodge,  who  as 
well  as  his  quondam  Colleague  Greene,  was  for 
ever  peflering  the  town  with  Pamphlets,  pub- 
lifhed  one  in  the  year  1596,  called  Wits  mi- 
ferie,  and  the  Worlds  madnejfe,  difecvering  the 
Devils  incarnat  cf  this  Age.  One  of  thefe 
Devils  is  Hate-vertue,  who,  fays  the  Do£tor, 
"  looks  as  pale  as  the  Vifard  of  the  Ghoft, 
which  cried  fo  miferably  at  the  Theatre,  like 
an  Oifter-wife,  Hamlet  revenge"  Thus  you 
fee  Mr.  Holt's  argument  in  the  Appendix  to 
the  late  Edition,  that  Hamlet  was  written  af- 
ter 1597,  or  perhaps  1602,  will  by  no  means 
hold  good  •,  whatever  might  be  the  cafe  of  the 
particular  pafTage  on  which  it  is  founded. 

Nor  does  it  appear,  that  Shakefpeare  did  be- 
gin early  to  make  Effays  in  Dramatick  Poetry: 
the  Arraignment  of  Paris,  1584,  which  hath 
fo  often  been  afcribed  to  him,  was  written  by 
George  Peek  -,  and  his  name  is  not  met  with, 
even  as  an  Affiftant,  'till  at  leaft  feven  years 
afterward. 

In  the  next  place,  unfortunately,  there  is 
neither  fuch  a  Chara&er  as  a  ConJlaMe  in  the 
Midfummer  Nighfi  Dream,  nor  fuch  a  place  as 

Crendon 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  39 
Crendon  in  Bucks,  if  we  may  believe  Spelman 
and  the  Index  fillaris :  nor  was  the  Legacy  of 
300/.  to  the  Sifter,  but  the  Daughter- 

And  to  clofe  the  whole,  it  is  not  poffible 
according  to  Aubrey  himfelf,  that  Shakefpeare 
could  have  been  fome  years  a  Schoolmafter  in 
the  Country  :  on  which  only  the  fuppofition 
of  his  learning  is  founded.  He  was  not  fure- 
]y  very  young,  when  he  was  employed  to  kill 
Calves ,  and  he  commenced  Player  about 
Eighteen!  The  truth  is,  that  he  left  his  Fa- 
ther, and  married  at  Seventeen,  and  had  two 
Children  before  he  retired  from  Stratford  to 
London.  It  is  therefore  fufficiently  clear,  that 
poor  Anthony  had  too  much  reafon  for  his 
Chara6ler  of  Aubrey :  You  will  find  it  in  his 
own  Account  of  his  Life,  publifhed  by  Hearne% 
which  I  would  earneftly  recommend  to  any 
Hypochondriack, 

*c  A  pretender  to  Antiquities,  roving,  ma- 
gotie-headed,  and  fometimes  little  better  than 
crafed :  and  being  exceedingly  credulous, 
would  fluff  his  many  Letters  fent  to  A.  W. 
with  folliries  and  mifinformations." 

Thus  much  for  the  Learning  of  Shakefpeare 
with  refpecl  to  the  ancient  languages :  indulge 
me  with  an  obfervation  or  two  on  his  fuppofed 
knowledge  of  the  modern  ones,  and  I  will 
promife  to  releafe  you. 

1  "It 


40  An  ESSAY  on  the 

"  It  is  evident)  fays  one  of  his  laft  Criticks, 
that  he  was  not  unacquainted  with  the 
Italian:"  but  let  us  inquire  into  the  Evidence. 

Certainly  fome  Italian  words  and  phrafes 
appear  in  the  Works  of  Shakefpeare  -,  yet  if 
we  had  nothing  elfe  to  obferve,  their  Ortho- 
graphy might  lead  us  to  fufpe6t  them  to  be 
not  of  the  Writer's  importation.  But  we  can 
go  further,  and  prove  this. 

When  Pijtol  "  chears  up  himfelf  with  ends 

of  verfe,"  he  is  only  a  copy  of  HanniballGon- 

faga,  who  ranted  on  yielding  himfelf  aPrifoner, 

as  you  may  read  in  an  old  Colle£tion  of  Tales, 

called  Wits,  Fits,  and  Fancies, 

"  Si  Fortuna  me  tormenta, 
II  fperanza  me  contenta." 

And  Sir  Richard  Hawkins,  in  his  Voyage  to 

the  South-Sea,    1593,  throws  out  the  fame 

jingling  Diftick  on  the  lofs  of  his  Pinnace. 

"  Matter  Page,  fits  good  Matter  Page,  fit; 
Prof  ace.  What  you  want  in  meat,  well  have 
in  drink,"  fays  Juftice  Shallow's  Fac  totum> 
Davy,  in  the  2d  Part  of  Henry  the  4th, 

Prof  ace,  Sir  Thomas  Hanmer  obferves  to  be 

Italian  from  profaccia,  much  good  may  it   do 

you.     Mr.  John/on  rather  thinks  it  a  miftake 

for   perforce.     Sir  Thomas  however  is  right ; 

yet  it  is  no  argument  for  his  Author's  Italian 

knowledge. 

Old 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.    41 
Old  Heywood,  the  Epigrammatift,  addreffed 
his  Readers  long  before, 

cc  Readers,  reade  this  thus:  for  Preface,  Preface, 
Much  good  do  it  you,  the  poore  repaft  here,  &c." 

Nor  hath  it  efcaped  the  quibbling  manner  of 
the  Water-poet,  in  the  Title  of  a  Poem  pre- 
fixed to  his  Praife  of  Hempfeed,  <c  A  Preamble, 
Preatrot,  Preagallop,  Preapace,  or  Preface; 
and  Proface,  my  Matters,  if  your  Stomacks 
ferve." 

But  the  Editors  are  not  contented  without 
coining  Italian.  "  Rivo,  fays  the  Drunkard" 
is  an  Expreffion  of  the  madcap  Prince  of  Wales ; 
which  Sir  Thomas  Hanmer  corre6ls  to  Rihi, 
Drink  away*  Dr.  Warhurton  accedes  to  this ; 
and  Mr.  Johnfon  hath  admitted  it  into  his  Text; 
but  with  an  obfervation,  that  Rivo  might 
poflibly  be  the  cant  of  Englijh  Taverns.  And  fo 
indeed  it  was  :  it  occurs  frequently  in  Mar/Ion. 
Take  a  quotation  from  his  Comedy  of  What 
you  will-, 

"  Muficke,  Tobacco,  £acke,  ancj  Sleepe, 
The  Tide  of  forrow  backward  keep : 
If  thou  art  fad  at  others  fate, 
Rivo,  drink  deep,  give  care  the  mate/' 

I  fancy,  you  will  be  fatisfied  with  one  more 
inftance. 

"  Baccare,  You  are  marvellous  forward/' 
F  quoth 


42  An   ESSAY  on  the 

quoth  Gremio  to  Petmchiom  the  Taming  of  the 
Shrew. 

cc  But  not  fo  forward,  fays  Mr.  Theobald \  as 
our  Editors  are  indolent.  This  is  a  ftupid  cor- 
ruption of  the  prefs,  that  none  of  them  have 
dived  into.  We  mull  read  Baccalare,  as  Mr. 
Warburton  acutely  obferved  to  me,  by  which 
the  Italians  mean,  Thou  ignorant,  prefumptu- 
ous  Man." 

This  is  admitted  by  the  Editors  and  Cri- 
ticks  of  every  Denomination.  Yet  the  word 
is  neither  wrong,  nor  Italian :  it  was  an  old 
proverbial  Expreffion,  and  ufed  frequently  by 
"John  Hey  wood  \  he  hath  even  made,  what  he 
pleafes  to  call,  Epigrams  upon  it. 

Take  two  of  them,  fuch  as  they  are, 

u  Baclare^  quoth  Mortimer  to  his  Sow  : 
Went  that  Sow  backe  at  that  biddyng  trowe  you  ?,? 
"  Baclcare,  quoth  Mortimer  to  his  fow :  fe 
Mortimers  fow  fpeakth  as  good  latin  as  he." 

And  Philpot  introduces  it  into  the  Proverbs 
collefted  by  Camden. 

We  have  but  few  obfervations  concerning 
Sbakefpeare's  knowledge  of  the  Spanijh  tongue. 
Dr.  Grey  indeed  is  willing  to  fuppofe,  that  the 
Plot  of  Romeo  and  Juliet  may  be  borrowed  from 
a  Comedy  of  hopes  de  Vega.  But  the  Spaniardy 
who  was  certainly  acquainted  with  Bandello, 

hath 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  43 
hath  not  only  changed  the  Cataftrophe,  but 
the  names  of  the  Characters.  Neither  Romeo 
nor  Juliet  >  neither  Mountague  nor  Capulet  ap- 
pears in  this  performance  :  and  how  came 
they  to  the  knowledge  of  Shake/pear e  f  Nothing 
is  more  certain,  than  that  he  followed  the  old 
Tranflation  by  Painter  from  the  French  of 
BoifteaU)  and  hence  arife  the  Deviations  from 
Bandellos  original.  It  feems  however  from 
a  paflage  in  Ames's  Typographical  Antiquities, 
that  Painter  was  not  the  only  Tranflator  of 
this  popular  Story. 

In  the  Induction  to  the  Taming  of  the  Shrew y 
the  Tinker  attempts  to  talk  Spanifh:  and  con- 
fequently,  we  have  been  told,  the  Author  him- 
felf  was  acquainted  with  it, 

"  Paucus  pallabrisj  let  the  World  Aide,  Seffa." 

But  this  is  a  burlefque  on  Hieronymo  5  the  piece 
of  Bombaft,  that  I  have  mentioned  to  you 
before  : 

"  What  new  device  have  they  devifed,  trow  ? 
Pocas  pallabras*  &c." 

Mr.  Whaliey  tells  us,  cc  the  Author  of  this 
piece  hath  the  happinefs  to  be  at  this  time  un- 
known, the  remembrance  of  him  having  pe- 
rilled with  himfelf :"  but  I  take  this  oppor- 
tunity of  informing  him,  that  his  Name  was 

F  2  Thomas 


44  An  ESSAY  on   the 

Thomas  Kyd\  if  he  will  accept  the  authority  of 
one  of  his  Contemporaries- 
More  hath  been  faid  concerning  Shakefpeares 
acquaintance  with  the  French  language.  In  the 
Play  of  Henry  the  fifth,  we  have  a  whole  Scene 
in  it :  and  in  other  places  it  occurs  familiarly 
in  the  Dialogue, 

I  will  only  obferve  in  general,  that  in  the 
early  Editions  we  have  not  half  the  quantity ; 
and  every  fentence,  or  rather  every  word  moft 
ridiculoufly  blundered.  Thefe,  for  feveral  rea- 
fons,  could  not  poffibly  be  publifhed  by  the 
Author ; f  and  it  is  equally  probable,  that  the 

French 

f  Every  writer  on  Shakefpeare  hath  exprefled  his 
aftoni foment,  that  his  author  was  not  folicitous  to  fe- 
cure  his  Fame  by  a  correct  Edition  of  his  perform- 
ances. This  matter  is  not  underftood.  When  a  Poet 
was  connected  with  a  particular  Playhoufe,  he  con- 
ftantly  fold  his  works  to  the  Company  ^  and  it  was 
their  intereft  to  keep  them  from  a  number  of  Rivals. 
A  favourite  piece,  as  Heyzvood  informs  us,  only  got 
into  print,  when  it  was  copied  by  the  ear^  "  for  a 
double  fale  would  bring  on  a  fufpicion  of  honeftie." 
Shakefpeare  therefore  himfelf  publifhed  nothing  in  the 
Drama  :  when  he  left  the  Stage,  his  copies  remained 
with  the  Managers,  Heminge  and  Condelh,  who  on 
their  own  retirement,  about  feven  years  after  the  death 
of  the  author,  gave  the  world  the  "Edition  now  known 
by  the  name  of  the  firfi  Folio ;  and  call  every  pre- 
ceding one  "  ftolne  and  furreptitious,  maimed  and 
deformed  by  the  frauds  and  ftealths  of  injurious  im- 
poftors/5    But  this  v/as  printed  from  the  Playhoufe 

3  Copies  i 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  451 

French  ribaldry  was  at  firft  inferted  by  a  differ- 
ent  hand,  as  the  many  additions  after  he  had 
left  the  Stage. 

Mr.  Hawkins  in  the  Appendix  to  the  late 
Edition,  hath  an  ingenious  obfervation  to 
prove,  that  Shakejpcare,  fuppofing  the  French 
to  be  his,  had  very  little  knowledge  of  the 
language. 

"  Eft-il  impoflible  d'efchapper  la  force  de 
ton  bras  ?  fays  a  Frenchman.  Brafs,  cur  ?  re- 
plies Piflol. 

"  Almofl:  any  one  knows,  that  the  French 
word  bras  is  pronounced  brau ;  and  what  re- 
femblance  of  found  does  this  bear  to  BrafsV — 

Mr.  John/on  makes  a  doubt,  whether  the 
pronunciation  of  the  French  language  may 
not  be  changed,  fince  Shakefpeares  time :  but 
this  does  not  appear  to  be  the  cafe,  at  leaft  in 
this  termination,  from  the  rules  of  the  Gram- 
marians, or  the  praflice  of  the  Poets.  I  am 
pertain  of  the  former  from  the  French  Alpha- 

beth 

Copies ;  which  in  a  feries  of  years  had  been  frequent* 
ly  altered  thro'  convenience,  caprice,  or  ignorance. 
We  have  a  fufficient  inftance  of  the  liberties  taken 
by  the  A&ors,  in  an  old  pamphlet,  by  Thomas  Nafhe, 
called  the  Prayfe  of  the  red  Herring :  where  he  affures 
us,  that  in  a  Play  of  his,  called  the  IJle  of  Dogs, 
"  foure  a£is^  without  his  confent,  or  the  leaft  gueffe  of 
his  drift  or  fcope,  were  fupplied  by  the  Players. " 


46  An   ESSAY  on  the 

beth  of  Dela  Motbe,  and  of  the  latter  from  the 
Rhymes  of  Marot  and  Ronfard. 

It  hath  been  obferv'ed,  that  Rabelais  is 
fometimes  alluded  to  by  Shakefpeare :  and  no 
tranflation  was  extant  in  his  time.-—  but  the 
Story  was  in  every  one's  hand. 

In  Lanehams  Letter  concerning  the  Enter- 
tainment at  Killingwoorth  Ca/lle^  printed  1575, 
is  a  lift  of  the  vulgar  Romances  of  the  age, 
cc  King  Arthurz  book,  Huon  of  Bur  deans,  Friar 
Rous,  Howleglafs,  and  Gargantua. 

g  Mere's  in  his  Wits  Treafury  mentions  him 
as  equally  hurtful  to  young  minds  with  the 
four  Sons  of  Aymon,  and  the  Seven  Champions. 
And  John  Taylor  hath  him  likewife  in  his  lift 
of  Authors,  prefixed  to  Sir  Gregory  Nonfence. 

But  to  come  to  a  conclufion,  I  will  give 
you  a  demonftrative  argument,  that  Shakefpeare 
did  not  underftand  two  very  common  words 
in  the  French  and  Latin  languages  : 

According  to  the  Articles  of  agreement  be- 
tween the  Conqueror  Henry  and  the  King  of 
France,  the  latter  was   to  ftiie  the  former, 

"  Noftre 

g  This  Author  by  a  pleafant  miftake  in  fome  fen- 
fible  Conjectures  on  Shakefpeare  lately  printed  at  Ox- 
ford, is  quoted  by  the  name  of  Maijier.  Perhaps  the 
Title-page  v/as  imperfect;  it  runs  thus  "  Palladia 
Tamia.  °Wits  Treafury.  Being  the  fecond  part  of 
Wits  Common  wealth.  By  Francis  Meres  Maifter  of 
Artes  of  both  Univerfities. 


Learning  of  Shakespeare.  47 
"  Noftre  tres  cher  filz  Henry  Roy  d'  A7igleterre  $  I 
andinLd//#,  PraclartJimiisFilius.&cc"  What, 
fays  Dr.  Warburton,  is  /m  dkr  in  French^ 
pr  cedar  ijjimus  in  Ltf///z  /  we  fhould  read  prce- 
carijfwius.— This  is  exceedingly  trues  but  how 
came  the  blunder  ?  it  is  a  typographical  one 
in  Holingfhed,  which  Shake/pear e  copied;  but 
muft  indifputably  have  corrected,  had  he  been 
acquainted  with  the  languages. 

"  Our  faid  Father,  during  his  life,  fliall 
name,  call,  and  write  us  in  French  in  this 
maner:  Noftre  tres  chier  filz,  Henry  Roy 
d'Engkterre  —  and  in  Latine  in  this  maner, 
Prceclarijjirnus  filius  nofter."     Edit.  1587.  P. 

574- 

To  corroborate  this  inftance,  let  me  obferve 
to  you,  though  it  be  nothing  further  to  the 
purpofe,  that  another  typographical  error  hath 
been  the  fource  of  a  miftake  in  an  hiftorical 
paffage  of  our  Author;  which  hath  ridiculouily 
troubled  the  Criticks ; 

h  Richard  the  3d.  harangues  his  army  before 
the  Battle  of  Bofwortb, 

cc  Re- 

h  Some  inquiry  hath  been  made  for  the  firft  Per- 
formers of  the  capital  Characters  in  Shakefpeare. 

We  learn,  that  Burbage,  the  alter  Rofcius  of  Camden, 
was  the  original  Richard,  from  a  paffage  in  the  Poems 
of  Bilhop  Corbet :  who  introduces  his  Hoit  at  Bqf-  - 
worth  defcribing  the  Battle, 

"Bur 


43  An   ESSAY  on   the 

"  Remember  whom  ye  are  to  cope  withal, 
A  fort  of  vagabonds,  of  rafcals,  runaways  — 
And  who  doth  lead  them  but  a  paltry  fellow 
Long  kept  in  Britaine  at  our  Mother's  coft, 
A  milkfop,  Sec." 

u  Our  Mother's  coft  "  Mr.  Theobald  perceives 
to  be  wrong  :  he  reads  therefore,  and  all  the 
Editors  after  him, 

u  Long  kept  mBretagne  at  his  mother's  coft." 
But    give   me   leave    to  tranferibe  a  few 
more  lines  from  HolingJhedy  and  you  will  find 
at  once,  that  Shakefpeare  had  been  there  be- 
fore me, 

cc  Ye  fee  further,  how  a  companie  of  traitors, 
theeves,  out-laws  and  runnagates  be  aiders 
and  partakers  of  his  feat  and  enterprife*  — 
And  to  begin  with  the  erle  of  Richmond  cap- 
taine  of  this  rebellion,  he  is  a  Welfh  milkfop 
—  brought  up  by  my  Moothers  meanes  and 
mine,  like  a  captive  in  a  clofe  cage  in  the 
court  of  Francis  duke  of  Britaine"  P.  756. 

Holingjhed  copies  this  verbatim  from  his 
Brother  Chronicler  Hall,  Edit.  1548.  Fol.  54. 

but 

w  But  when  he  would  have  faid  King  Richard  died, 
And  call'd  a  Horfe,  a  Horfe,  he  Burbage  cried." 
The  Play  on  this  fubjeft  mentioned  by  Sir  John 
Harrington  in  his  Apologie  forPoetrie,  1591,  and  fome- 
times  miftaken  for  Sbakefp.  ^'s,  was  a  Latin  one, 
written  by  Dr.  Legge;  many  ears  before  the  date  of 
the  Copy  ia  the  Mufeum. 


Learning  of  Shakespeare-  49 

but  his  Printer  hath  given  us  by  accident  the 
word  Moother  inftead  of  Brother  ;   as  it  is  in 
the  Original,  and  ought  to  be  in  Shakefpeare* 
I  hope,  my  good  Friend,  you  have  by  this 
time  acquitted  our  great  Poet  of  all  piratical 
depredations  on  the  Ancients :  He  remember- 
ed perhaps  enough  of  his  fchool-boy  learning 
to  put  the  Higy  bag,  bog,  into  the  mouth  of 
Sir  Hugh  Evans ;  and  might  pick  up  in  the 
courfe  of  his  converfation  a  familiar  word  or 
two  of  French  or  Italian :  but  his  Studies  were 
mod  demonftratively  confined  to  Nature  and 
his  own  Language., 

In  the  courfe  of  this  difquifition,  you  have 
often  fmiled  at  "  all  fuch  reading,  as  was 
never  read  :"  and  pofTibly  I  may  have  indulged 
it  too  far :  but  it  is  the  reading  neceflary  for 
a  Comment  on  Shakefpeare.  Thofe  who  ap- 
ply folely  to  the  Ancients  for  this  purpofe, 
may  with  equal  wifdom  ftudy  the  'Talmud  for 
an  Expofition  of  Triflram  Shandy.  Nothing 
but  an  intimate  acquaintance  with  the  Writers 
of  the  time,  who  are  frequently  of  no  other 
value,  can  point  out  his  allufions,  and  afcer- 
tain  his  Phrafeplogy.  The  Reformers  of  his 
Text  are  for  ever  equally  pofitive,  and  equally 
wrong.  The  Cant  of  the  Age,  a  provincial 
Expreffion,  an  obfcure^  Proverb,  an  obfolete 
G  Cuftom, 


50  An  ESSAY  on  the,&c. 
Cuftom,  a  Hint  at  a  Perfon  or  a  Fa6l  na 
longer  remembered,  hath  continually  defeated 
the  beft  of  our  Guejfers  :  You  mufl  not  fup- 
pofe  me  to  fpeak  at  random,  when  I  afTure 
you,  that  from  fome  forgotten  book  or  other, 
I  can  demonftrate  this  to  you  in  many  hun- 
dred Places;  and  I  almoft  wifh,  that  I  had 
not  been  perfuaded  into  a  different  Employ- 
ment. 

Tho'  I  have  as  much  of  the  Natale  Solum 
about  me,  as  any  man  what  foe  ver ;  yet,  I  own, 
the  Primrofe  Path  is  ftill  more  pleafing  than 
the  Fojfe  or  the  Watling  Street : 

"  Age  cannot  wither  it,  nor  cuftom  ftale 
It's  infinite  variety." 

And  when  I  am  fairly  rid  of  the  Duft  of  An- 
tiquity, which  is  at  prefent  very  thick  about 
me,  and  indeed  more  in  quantity,  than  I  ex- 
pected; you  may  very  probably  be  troubled 
again  with  the  ever  fruitful  Subjeft  of  Shake- 
speare and  his  Commentators. 


FINIS. 


-     -.    -     Illi 


.-■•■'■■-■■« 

Illillllll'lllll     j 

IgMHHSHBHBWieBHgMi 


MHBSHHfB 

'«■■'■■ 
•■•■'■■. 


■■.■'•    -\  .        • 


see 


MWBfMBmlTfTPriW  V  Iffi Mia  W  Iffl i  ll  IMfc  tflJ  I1 

'■'■■■■  ':  ■  ■  ■ ":  .'■'•'..■', '■■■■'■■•  ■■■■■,.■■■'   hn£ 

•       '.•■.•''•■':•■'■"■:.■?..■■,■  ■■■■■.^',- .;  '  . 

•  'v    v.,:.:*  :^  ;  8  i 

■:■•.'•.•.•••" 

"•: ip  ■■•■ 


