* 1 » . d © - . 
| #2, 
\ - * a | 
b - | d 4 | 
l 2 - ; , 
- : 5 * ; : | 
2 \ - 
| ' — 
9 - - þ — ; | 
* Ry 
vs 
1 . : 
- 
U 
| : 
ih 
% 
? 7 
- 
. Y 
- 
= 
- 
5 = - 
l 
* 
= 
"IS 2 
= 
1 
* * 
N . 
* h 4 
2 g 
* 
3 * 
o - 
* = - 
of 
- 
- 
* * 
- s * 
0 — 
= 
* = 
. o 
- 4 7 | 
= 
. 1 
2 * 
8 
"7 % * 4 
| 9 | . 
- * 
5 " o ö 
| *% A 1 


LEARNING or SHAKESPEARE. _ 


rns 5 
TAAAJ2AAAN? 420 DUIVUAAAN 


*#TACOA 


a O17 14 UHOD 1 2 4 
N REY 
OI RAQGA ADAANT 


+ 3 . BY 2 3 44 - | i 
N 1 
23 3016.9 01 109. 1 %! 10 Moll 


10 d u 4 
„ir A TO 9296208 od 


42 1 ADA. 2 
N dam 1 
—— —[— — — 2 — — 
2 add 
- 


* 
5 


A 


- — © a_— _ - 
— — . Sv, 5 


S S444 F 2a - - * 4 * 
** 0 % 


F 4"; + * Isen Aue Aidan 46, U vd benni! 
ö | Fits Poder * rande 110 
| 14045 


, 2 . MN 
* aan «49 I C3190 358 
” SY 
aA 1; HeM 


"4 + ww En = 


"OA. | 
l ba bagns nd no 
i a * * 4 + . 16:94 MOT 


AN 


E 8 S A : 


ON THE 


LEARNING os SHAKESPEARE: 


% 


ADDRESSED TO 


JOSEPH CRADOCK, Eſa; 


THE SECOND EDITION, 
VII 
* LARGE ADDITIONS. 


* 
n 


0 2 . 
18 * * 4 — 


BY 
RICHARD FARMER, B. D. 
Fellow of EuuAxUETI-Cor T0. CaMprinors 


AND OF 
The Sociely of AT 1 Qv4 31 246, Lon Dbox. 


ñ—üÄü [ä {TE 
_ 


—_— 
= 


* ak 


— — 


9 * — 


* 
So Vi 


| CAMBRIDGE: * 
Printed by J. Ax c#pt acon, Printer to the UnIvzAGITv, 
For J. Woop yx, in Cambridge ; and Sold by J. Bun- 
CROFT, in Pater- noſter- Row; J. DopsLEY, in Pall- 
Mall; T. CavpzLt, in the Strand; and M. N | 
TOW: near Temple! Bar, Lenin. 


- 


—ꝛ—U—EK—“ẽnqĩ.ẽæ n ——— Uͤ:. — : —— : — — =, 


SF ED ER A: PE. $9”: 4 25 
4 1 1 597 x 

| | 8 

2 CH09 Be 


40: z8w 14a. { wolle af % zonr AH 
3 Fre & to mono off 10 yino 2nonidil 78 
of aan 9[111} 41156489, gre 258 n eo (igri 
en 18 an) wnkon iq 
soo bals9lg 115d ai W r T vor 
fi wig beige nein to 57 YAE ». * 
ict mis! bag pe: nsd; gο0 Roet.: 
gutisiflnomab 0 vtinunoqgo eee & 10t ee 
Vc flaizge Zino Surry to ile od 
to abn. yas 28) Sem bagbat ei 11 AwA 
29101 o gnilliw Hi od bluord TA ron 0 
mig 19911 odge Jon ei Hi noms O, . 
flo „ sc Guns lla 15dw; bas a8M rn s 2s 
bn en „Go to .znoigtoiy dong 


1 ! Sager * 
a+ 155 eee 3111 — lav ue Toe az woT 

Roo an, oy 3s n ouſt 2 i - 34a 
nnn 1 60 70 © 41h F b A by d % 54 111 : fv E 74 blog 
n 14 N % | 5 te. ib. 40 nen 1 Note 


if! Wh 2 WOT BN N G10: ©9711 alle 141. La. vel 
6, booDiidogy. yd. aacat Soak art ny Ay 


99952 2:4 bende ame Lk ziim ee 
- tt <q k L | 4 n 2 
| 35 * 


10 THE 


% EDITLON. 


" * WO 228 * 
| + H E PORN. following Ess Ax was . | 
licitous only for the honour of Shakeſpeare : he 
hath however, in his own capacity, little. reaſon to 
complain of occaſional Critieks, or Criticks by profeſſion. 
The very Fzxw, who have been pleaſed to controvert 
bot of his Doctrine, have favoured him with 
better manners, than arguments; and claim his 
thanks for a further 9 y of demonſtrating 
the futility of Theoretic# reaſoning againſt Matter of _ 
Faa. It; is indeed ſtrange, that any real Friends of 
our immortal Pok r ſhould be ſtill willing to force 
him into a ſituation; which i is not tenable: treat him 
as a leurned Man, and what - ſhall, excuſe the moſt © 
groſs N ape of — — and Geo- + 
graphy?” — 
>” "Ou wean, 27 3 nv ein is the Motto of er 
Polemick : like his rethren at the A 
holds it a merit to dis rd; and will hot, fa Eve}, 5 
2 h the Battle, Be, decided.” 4 Wee , " 
oy ome one, that?thedold*B: dan ts  . * 
. allufions from EH books then Publiſhed DO. 
o might have * eſtabliſhed his Syſtem,” ' 


7 In 
: 
= - = 
mn - Po 
, * * « 
F 0 


% 


4M 
= Oz bly 
* 


K E EA dF 


gott 12 — 2 Jewel iff mow 
nk 15 b ben . yh 0 ie Wir | 
| eare. 1 8 848 Im 7 *E 1 wb Me 
10 + co partyab 1 1 t 
Pic 5 11 oy 57 Wh 
Mert; With 
— 8 t me My 855 Ne is eh 
y 8 | at, which 1 | 66 rene 
Tather, which was not Br lug TyMive 1 n 5 
very little Analogy will Jo this je(s, J. hall 
Jo haye no occaſion. to tro 8 2 Felt Any, furth 
oh Nee e Sem 7 5 phlet, 16, tte wH 
a ple e 5:0 
1225 . an ad fo e at. 
er eafter be ritten the Suh TO? 
But 0% meh = Abet of r ea. Will. joe any on 
noramt Gf the Go” 2 
Tee were 8 1 | 
» care” s e 
+ was inkochpa hee — Any wit rj Eur 


| Contetidp — , Friendy/dnd 5 „and himſelf 


kewiſ Netter us ed 
N woke noi los Hiern ae ranfla- 
tions, ate typorray 
be acebunted fof there. cs RO 
not one of theſc&clreum 9% 4pplicable; thder- 
ſtood id GH I fi 4 Os inen of Hur 
Philoſopher was not founde 


i this" 5 pages 
Shakeſpeare wanted. not the Stilts of Latiguay! 
' raiſe him above all other men- quotation "ba 
Lily in the Taming of the Shrew, at indeed it be his, 
ſtrongly proves the 8 0 1550 reading: ap” 15 


818 be would * Ne : quotedprroneoull 


1 — 


_ 


0 


FRB Fj A 


com 2 Fi 2 RON. 


1 255 og ; 


nk 


ro POE oat Wh ore alot W 9 

to HA at By 

0 5 bit reſcue; i oor 8 2 ; 

ad Ve 77 5 5 'ornaine t, zs Wilen ne 
bor bf the Plaphouſe. N 


0 

Ihe fs 1 1 v9 e be coe. Het N 
7 2 * we of: uu ed e 

* (000 7 55 of Gree 2 5 K = 

n — et us ta a e . from 25.6 his 

| _ . L — OO] 


ie n Ag Deyn the carctulleſt pveſeryer of bis 
oe f e Attendant in his 1 5 
* itra(s,., 3: 

a paw Ao in all bis-domeſtic Af- 
Airs. Hanh, from * Avent: pf OY pre- 
= b Schu, 101 bine n 
mom none Pug! Ws 5 v6o'05 ow: NEY - - 


ef] 2d e ic, dal ar 155 vin e 


20 id lag 7 1088} | 
pynv TE 'wp bbb, Se 
ae, TROK e . 410. 164 3. | 


_ Malualzo 
* 88 


1 * | 


Criticks to 


- ed before it be oppoſed to demonſtrative Evidence. 
-—— Upon the whole, I may coder myſelf, as the 


24 


; P R E F A C F. 

Matvolio in the Twelfth-Night of Shakiſpeare hath 
ſome expreſſions very fimilar to Anaſchur in the Au- 
Ban Tales: which perhaps may be ſufficient for ſome 
ove his e. with Arabic / 
wever, at faſt, that 7e ſhould de- 


It ſeems 


| termine the matter.” Dis, as 3 Bordpiph ph expreſſes it, 
is a word 


am i willing. 
er aKertain- 


of exceeding 9 
that the Standard itſelf be 12 


Pioneer of the Commentators - I Have removed a deal 
of learned Rubbiſh, and pointed out to them Shate- = 
peur track in the eves-plleatily Paths of Nature. 

This was neceſſarily a previous Inquiry; 'and Thope 

I may »fſume with ſome confidence, what one of 
the firſt Criticks of the Age was pleaſed to declare 
on reading the former en, that The Nr 


nn N ar 1 


A *. 


28 roy juſt eons . la hr 
N, "that the Word Faker, in the 47th page is Wit- 


ten, n 271 q N Orthography, for Catharthe ; 
and chat che e Fink N 15 Tapes in Ha 
ton, Who imp 2 * and 2 in 
, 2 N 8 
In p. 0 23. for bad grobbh t, ee. it 
. | 8 * 8 I + R 1 +: „„ {4 7 
„ ee | Wy Kh" 7 
# l ee 
„ r * : 
„ YE Mn 3 A b 
+ Wo: 4 HV 1 


r N 3 OI mien e eee rr 
3,95 464 heh. Av). Hy an Me, 8 .IN 


\ ah © e 6 voi 91 in 
e e Wc! enge Tt 

' * . * 278 1 ch * g 35 15118. MATER 

| 5th 4X4 5 I - UYY nenen 4 27 

Wn FO. ns 2, * Fob & ot en 

„ Ui! A os 5 20 11 ioo hy 

n eee, AA bur i e . 


e ane Se e 241 1 Ws 


LEARNING on SH Arnet rank 


e nnen 
N Jos 9" if * F - n * ** 5 den! 


FOI" $85 "ADDRESSED 70 by by 74 2 0 FP 
4148-44 * rt! 7 16 14 KAD HED - 2459: E Ee 6 
EI q; 


Jos EFH CR 


6 Scree a” of ug aft, 
is a vaſt garden of cxitieiſm : a 
no one can be favouted with g more weeders gratis, . 
But how, often, y dear Sir, are; weeds. and 
flowers torn up indiſcriminately! — the ravaged ſpot 
is re-planted in a moment, and a profuſion of cri- 
tical thorns thrown over it for ſecurity. . 
« A prudent man therefore would not venturs 
his fingers amongſt them.“ | 


a Mr. RET in his Preface to Beaumont and Flack, 
10 Vol, 8vo. 1750. + 


. 


$$ . Bo 


2 *** ˙ its es een at e< 


2 Ax ESSAY on Tax - + | 


* wage —» — — 


— 2 W.. 2 — 


redly that I was not miſtaken. The trumpet hath 
deen ſounded againſt the darling project of repre- 


en us in 


_ Cartwright. His Eulogy, with more than 87 0: 


Be however in little pain for your friend, ban 
gards himſelf ſufficiently to be cautious : yet he aſ- 


ſerts with confidence, that no improvement can be 


expected, whilſt the natural ſoil is miſtaken for a 
hot-bed, and the Natives of the banks of Auon are 
ſcientifically choked with the culture of exoticks. £ 
Thus much for metaphor; it is contrary to the 
Statute to fly out fo early: but who can tell, whe- 
ther it may not be demonſtrated by ſome eritick or 
other, that a deviation from rule is peculiarly happy 
in an Eſſay of Shakeſpeare n 
You have long known my opinion concerning 


the literary acquiſitions of our immortal Dramatiſt ; 


and remember how 'T/ congratulated” myſelf on my 


_ coincidence with the laſt and beſt of his Editors. I 


told you however, that his ſinal! Latin and leſs 
Greek b would ſtill be litigated, and you ſee very aſſu- 


ſenting Shatzſprare as one of the illiterate vulgar ;” 
and indeed to ſo good purpoſe, that I would by all 
means recommend the performer to the army of 
d This paſſag of Ben, Jonson, ſo often quoted, is giv- 

in the ble preface to the late Edition, with 
reading, « ſmall Latin and ne Greek,” which 


à various 


| Hath been held up to the Publick for a modern ſophiſti- 


cation : yet wh an error or not, it was adopted a- 
boye a Cen ago by V. Towers, in a Ar ee on 
t. 1651. 


this now forgotten Poet, was preſixed do the 


the 


LI AXN õο fr SHAKE EAR. 3 
the $roying Nucl, recorded by Cer bunten. The 
teſtimony of his contemporaries is again diſputed ; 
conſtant tradition is oppoſed by flimſy arguments; 
and nothing is heard, but confuſion and nanſenſe, 
One eould ſcarcely imagine this a topick very like- 
ly to inſlame the paſſions : it is aſſerted hy maden, 
that ·thoſe who accuſe him to have wanted learn- 
ing, give him the greateſt commendation; yet an 
attack upon an article of faith hath been uſually re- 
ceived with more temper and complacence, than the 
unfortunate opinion, which I am about to defend. 
But let us. previouſly lament with every lover of 
| Shoboſpoare, that the Queſtion was not fully diſcuſſed 
by Mr. Febnſon himſelf: what he ſees intuitively, 
others muſt arrive at by à ſeries of, proofs; and I 
have not time to teach with pretiſion: be contented 
therefore with à few curſory obſetvations, as they 
may happen to ariſe from the Chaos of Papers, you 
have fo often laughed at, a ſtock [ſufficient to ſet 
up an Editor in form.“ IL am convinced; of the 
ſtrength of my cauſe, and ſuperior to any little ad- 
5s eng from ſophiſtical arrangements. 
General potions. without proofs will probably 
g. nete no great weight on either ſide, yet it may not 
ſeem fair to ſuppreſs them take them therefore as 
| their authors occur to me, and we 1 n 
| proceed to particulars. © oP 
-1 2798 teſtimony af Ben. a e! and 

* A2 ſome 


988 


4 Ax ESSAY on TREE 
ſome have held it ſufficient to decide the contro- 
verſy : in the warmeſt Panegyrick, that ever was 
written, he apologizes< for what — | Þ 
defet in bis beloved fred. 2 
— — Soul of the age ! * 2 
Th applauſe! delignt! me wonder vf our Age! — 
whoſe memory be honoured almoſt to "Jdolatry ;* | 
and conſcious of the worth of ancient literature, like 
any other man on the ſame occaſion, he rather carries 
his acquirements above, than below the” truth, | 
< Jealouſy ! cries Mr. Upton ; People will allow 1 
others any qualities, but thoſe upon which they 5 
highly value themſelves.“ Yes, where there 75 a. 
competition, and the PERIL formidable : but, ; 
I think, this Critick himſelf hath ſcarcely ſet in op. 
poſition the learning of Shakeſpeare and Jonſon, When 
a ſuperiority i is univerſally granted, it by no means 
appears a man's literary intereſt to depreſs the re- 
putation of his Antagoniſt. -- «4 N 
In truth the received opinion of the pride and | 
malignity of Fonſon, at leaſt 3 in the earlier part of 2 
life, is abſolutely groundleſs: at this time ſcarce a 
play or a poem appeared without Ben's encomium, 
from the iy "NP to the tranſlator of Du 
Bartas,. 
But Jonſon i is by no means our only authority, N 


* „ent Lavin, % N 


Drqten 


L 


LIAANA NIV Of SHAKESPEARE. 5 
Drayton the countryman and acquaintance of Shake-_ 
ſpeare, determines. his excellence to the naturall. 
Braine d only. Digges, a wit of the town; before 
our Poet left the . a to the pur 
| pole, MAX Ad 2K $5549 

— Mami helpt him, for looke ater: 
This whole book, thou ſhalt find he doth not — 
One phraſe from Greekes, not Latines imitate, 5 
Nor once from vulgar Languages tranſlate,” _ _ 


Suckling oppoſes. his eaſt er ſtrain. to the ſiveat of | 
learned Jonſon. Denham aſſures us, that all be bad 
was from old Mother-wit. His native wood-nates wild, 
every one remembers to be celebrated by Alton. 
Dryden obſerves prettily enough, that he wanted 
not the ſpectacles of books to read Nature. He 

came out of her hand, as ſome one elle expreſſes i it, 

like Pallas out of Jou heads: at full growth mag 

mature. 

The ever 0 Halesof Eton, (who; Wes y 
, ſtanding his Epithet, is, I fear, almoſt forgotten,) had 
| too great a knowledge both of Shakeſpeare and the 


(Tn bis Beg on Poets and Poe. p- 206. Fol. 
1027 

© From his Poem . upon Maſter Wilkam Shakefpeare,” Eh 
intended to have been prefixed, with the other of — : 
compoſition, to the Folio of 1623; and —— 3 
ed in ſeveral miſcellaneous Collections: particular 
ſpurious Edition of Shakeſpeare's Poems, 1640. 
cant of him may be met . in 2 

3 Ansients 


* 8 0 
5 a 4 


6 An ES SAY OY rann 
Ancients to allow much acquaintance between them: 

and urged very juſtly in the part of Genius in oppo- 

ſtion to Pedarittyy Fhat * if he had not reuu the 

Clafficks, he had likewiſe not en from them; and 

if any Topick was produced from a Poet ot antiquity 

he would undertake to ſhow ſomewhat on the ſame 

Fuhr, a diligent and equal ſearcher after truth and 

quibbles, declares politivelyy that & his learning was 
very little. Narure was all the irt uſed upom him, 
as be bimſelf, if alive, would confeſs And / may 
we not ſay, he did confeſs it, when he apologized 
for: his unturoreu lines to his noble patrom the Eark of 

Southampton ? thĩs liſt of witneſſes might be caſily 
enlarged; but I flatter myſelf, I ſhall ſtand in no 
need of ſuch evidence athormunty 
One of the firſt» and moſt vrhement aſſertors of 

the learning of Shakeſpeare, was the Editor of his 

| Fon n Gillian; f and Wm 


s [4 ON] 28 0 it Ho FLOW 181 01 20 DIO 900 

7 Hen ence aps the fl Gr r: tween this Cri 
and his elder Brother, Job Denn, fo SES 
_ mented in the Dunciad. hill the farmer was 


that © the man who doubts of A of Lake — 
hath none of his own:* 25 latter above re 5 the 
attack in his private capa lates with great pa- 


triotie vehemence, 2 he may mt Shale pente had 
Learning, and a familiar acquaintance with the Ancients, 
ought to be looked upon as a detractor from the Glory of 
Great Britain. Dem was expelled his College for at- 
tempting to ſtab à man in the dark: Pope wave have 
deen glad of this anecdote, 


— 


were 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 7 


were moſt pumctually taken by a ſubſequent labourer 
in the fame department, Dr. Seel. 

Mr. Pope ſuppoſed * little ground for tie common 
opinion of his want of learning: once indeed: he 
made a proper diſtinftidn between learning. and lan- 
guages, as I would be underſtood to do in my Title · 
page; but unfortunately he forgot it in the courſe of his 
diſquifition; and endeavoured to perſuade himſelf that 
Shakeſpeare's acquamtance with the Ancients might 
be actually proved by the ſame medium as Jonſan 1. 


Mr. Theobald is very unwilling to allow him fo 


poor a ſcholar, as many have laboured to repreſent 
him; and yet is cautious of r too _ 


YI the other ſide the queſtion. de, 


Dr. Murburton hath a eee ee 
e from ſuſpected imitationa; and yet ioffers 
others, ene I doubt not, een eaſily have 
Wann DA Si EW e An lo gigs! Hr 

Mr. Upton'wonders «with-whathind: of reaſoning 
any one could be ſo far impoſed upon, as to imagine 
that Shate/brare had no learning!“ and laſhes with 
much zeal and ſatisfaction the pride and pertneſs 
_ of dunces, who under ſuch” a name would gladly 
| ſhelter their own idleneſs and ignorance,” “. 
He, like the learned . 6ſt at beaver —— in 

mmar or metre,... 

: 0! % Hath hard — 2 ready to of why,..: 


" And tell'what Rule he dd it by. anne 
; Balg 12 How 


7 74 9 3 


* 


8 " ANESSAY on THE 


HS would the old Bard have been aſtoniſhed ith 
hall found, that he had very ſkilfully" given the 
trochait dimeter brachycataleftic, COMMONLY called the 
iHhyphallic meaſure, to the Witches in”Marbeth ! and 
that now. and then a halting Verſe afforded a i moſt 
beautiful inſtance of the Bes proceleuſmaticus © EW 
But, continues Mr. Upton, it was a learned age; 


Roger Aſcham aſſures us, that Queen Elizabeth read 


more Greet every day, than ſome Dięnitarie of the 
Church did Latin | in a whole week,” This appears. | 


very probable ; and a pleaſant proof i it is of the gene- 
ral learning of the times, and of Shakeſpeare in par- 


ticular. 1 wonder, he did not corroborate it with 


an extract from her injunctions to her Clergy, that 


"ce ſuch as were but mean Readers ſhould peruſe over 


before, once or twice, the Chapters and Homilies, 
to the intent they might read to the better r 


ſtanding of the people,” 


Dr. Grey declares, that Shaluſpeare knowledge ff 


the Gree and Latin tongues cannot ' reaſonably be call 
ed in queſtion. Dr. Dodd ſuppoſes 1 it proved, that he 
was not ſuch a novice in learning and antiquity ag, 
fame people would pretend. And to cloſe the whole, 
for I ſuf pect you to be tired of quotation, Mr. Whalley, 
the ingenious Editor of Jonſon, hath written a piece, 


expreſsly on this fide the queſtion: perhaps from 


a 2 excuſable partiality, | he was willing to draw 


Shake- 


LEARNING oT SHAKESPEARE, 9 


Sdateſpeurr from the field of Nature to claſſick ground, 
where. alone, he Tye” his _ could poſſibly 
om with him. 

Theſe criticks, and many athers their condjutors, 
ham ſuppoſed themſelves able to trace Shakeſpeare in 
the writings of the Ancients ;' and have fometimes 
perſuaded us of their own learning, whatever became 
of their Author's, ' Plagiariſms have been diſcovered 
in every natural deſcription and every moral ſenti- 
ment. Indeed by the kind aſſiſtance of the various 
Excerpta, Sententiæ, and Flores, this buſineſs may be 
effected yith very little expenſe of time or ſagatity ; 
as Addiſon hath demonſtrated in his Comment on 
Chevy-chace, and Wagflaff on Tom Thumb : and I my- 
ſelf will engage to give you quotations from the elder 
Engliſh writers (for to own the truth, I was once idle 
enough to collect ſugh) which ſhall carry with them 
at leaſt an equal degree of ſimilarity. But there can 
be no occaſion of waſting any future time in this de- 
partment: the world is now in poſſeſſion of * 
Marks of Imitation. 
| « Shakeſpeare however hath frequent ally fions to 
| the Jacki and fables of antiquity.” Granted: and ag 

Mat. Prior ſays, to fave the effuſion of more Chriſtian 
ink, I will endeavour to ſhew, how they came to his 
acquaintance. | - 

It is notorious, that much of his matter of fac | 
B know- 


J 


E ˙—B rr 


1 


10 A ESA Y-o8-TH# 1.7 
knowledge is deduced from Plutarch;; han in wht 


Mr,-Upron.is pretty confident, of his fill in de Ori- 


In the third & of Herbory and Cleyparyny Offevins 


recdioh, hs; It John, 0 
y but turn tothe ts Hat 1195 French of 


—— ſo voluminous a work, as the Rewi/al of $ 


language he read hin, hath yet, enn the qackian« 


ginal, - and correct accordingly the Errors of.” bis 
Capyiſts by the Greek ftandard; | Tabeg ſew inflances, 
which will ehucdate this mater ſufficiendy——- 


repreſetits' to his Courtiers 5 of 
thoſe illſtrious 10ers, and the Þ 


domin | ens 210] 16 er 
—_ Ge aL 
He gave the *ſtabliſhment of Egypt; mado ber 


Abſalate een... 
men —— 


Of lower Syria, Cyprus, e 2W 1 14 d 
Read Lia, ſays the * | 
plain from Plutarch, Ip re ul herd KNA 
inn $23 \».3 
| e s very * tus: MI. bebe * es to = 
into the Text: 


Sala 1175 4 * 


* 1 1s n 


Dis d 


Text, When, he tells us in his Preface, he was not fo 
fortunate as to be furniſhed with either of the Fab Rdĩ- 
tions, much leſs any of the ancient Quanten and even 
„ir Thomas Hamner's performance Was known'to him 
r Er yo e 


> 
N + 
- 4 


LZAAUxe of HANS IAAI. 7 
"by Tan "Norv," in 0 2 $7944" and you will at | 
once nn the eri al this? mistake. 
* Firſt of all he did vſtabhſn ee of 
pvr of Cyprus, of Tauia, ad tie lower Syria.” 
Again in the Fourti Kk ny 
—— Meng 
__. Hehaghwhipt wich rods, dares me to perſonal combat, 
2 ur to; Anchery.,,;; Let th? old Rufen know. Y 
ve, many, other I die; mean time Nen 
Laugh at his challenge.“ — {DATE 
„ Whats reply ia. this, cries Mr. Upton2.tis ac- 
knowledging he ſhould fall unter the unequal com- 
* But if we rea. 
— — Let th ol Ruſßan know > _ 
_—_ hath wany other ways to die z-mean time: > 
? 1 AL, has challenge. rr coz gisela 


the, ed the, f aer 
a in Pla F . 
de 

Dern Kar 


6) .  S £2; 


par and Mr. Fl 1195 
uta A £13 f F Flu arch, C 
8 | PHY it is 7 115 170 : 4 5 a Yo 
A eddions, chin Gt again 


SD AAR Yo WENA 2113 28 How eu. ning rot 44459 


2 er chernkter of this work pretty early deline> 


Ain lo ads die beirn 
1512 WMATwas Su ut ürſt thit Greet with Hang made, 
That Lari Frentz that French to Er raid: 

Thus *twixt one'Phirarch theres more di ace, 


e Than i'th' fame 5 return d from France.” 


5 


' 


A the Third Act of 'Fallks/Cofar; Anthony\in hie 
well-known harangue to the people, repeat a part 


S AV ESS AN ou Tur 


to challenge Cæſar to fghr him: Cefar anſweredy, 
That Fe had many other ways to die, than 6. . 


of the Emperor's will}. £ imo T5vamorf Torres - 
ans CDs every Roman citizen he gives. 
To every ſev'ral man; ſeventy: ſiyo denchma?s : 
Moreover he hath left you all his walks, 1.7 +. 
His priyate arbours, andi n e orchards, , 
On cbis fide . E 101 & &s Sdihn 
« Our Author certainly wrote, ſays. Me, Fetal 


On that fide Tyber— 11 100 bis nel? © non 


Tra: Tiberim-— props Ceſaris bort 
And Piatareb whom Shakeſpeare very diligently Kadi 
expreſsly declares, thut he left the publick his gardens 
and Walks, vg, f Tura ply cyon the Dlerin 

Tig ecendstton Heise Hattt deen adopted 8 
me Tibfee ihe Fay; be bet weit (again "the" 
Tranſlation, w Where "Shak 2767 7251 ly Hy K 7 
queathed 1010 S0 itize ee nty-fiv 
drachmas a man, and | 1 00 bis gadenrand arboy 7 
unto the peoples, Vieh Be had gn, % Fe of 
river of Tyber. 1 could-furniſh, you, wi 1 
more inſtances, but theſe are as good as a thouſa nd, 


Hence had our author his characteriſtick know- 
ledge of Brutus and Anthony, upon which much ar- 


gymentation fot his ROW bein Veen founded: and 
hence 


AA 2 -& = 


LIZ A&N1N6:0r 8RAKESPEARE. th 
| hence iiteratirr-the Epitaph on Timon, whieh it was 
once preſumed}, he had corrected: from thꝭ blunders 
of the Latin verſion, by his dn ſuperion Ie 
of the Original. 1 E 20 of güde nwond - ow 
I cannot however omit a paſſage of Mr. Pope, 
The ſpeeches copy d from-Plutareh in Coriolanus-may, 
I think; be ag well made an inſtance ot the learning 
of Shakeſpeare," us thoſe copy'di from Cicero in Cutiline, 
of Bei. en Let us Inquire into this matter, and 
tranſeribe a /þeech far a ſpecimen. Take the famdus 
one of VMaht NM 19201) imme: xo rudy 20137 PP © 
Should we be filent and not ſpeak, dur Aliment 
And ftate of bödies world Bewray whit Te | nn 
We've led Tice thy Exile“ Thiak with ye BB 
How more unſbrtuhate than all livingaomeny!2! 7c, 
Are we come hither g finte thylßght, which ſhould |, | 
Make our ae n e w f Ar. 
Conſrainf them weep: and 11 View N 1 
Making Making the dA wife, an a ud 

e LR YC ig anti 


The . nt huſb 2. 199 11 00 i poor We bali:252 


Ton S's ph thou Bari © men 
ur pray yers to the | c 0 A confort ne, 
That all but'we enjoy. oh KW can wel! © „ 
Alas | how can We, for Gur CountryÞprayy 0 tn 17, 


| Whereto we're bound, eee eee | 


du dam do ular nad eln it 
dee e K, W 2d, f 8vo. 1729, | 
- PIG It! Wheretd e 


64% AN ESSAY Orne 


Whereto we're bound? Alack! or we muſt loſs Ma 
The Country, our dear nunſe: or elſe thy Perſon, 
Ou com fart in the County. We muſt ind 

.\ An eminent calamity, ch gbd, onal 19 

"oh with, which: fide ſhowd win, For eiher hon... 
tht re Keats ly e: 170k 


Wb manacles thorpugh elſe, 

© rn hantly | tread on LE: ry 92 2 = 

Aud Bear che palm, Jof havin b. 
40 


Thy Wife and allen“ bl 0 
ee hot to wilt 6n 8 e 
Theſe wars determine: if 1 pen 2005 NN 
Rather to ſhew a noble grace to both parts nod? 
Than ſeeks che ond of one ; thou ſhalt ng ſooner 230t 
Maebiraadink — than to t r 
(Truſt tot, chon ſhalt not) on thy wacher 
Phat hrought ther to chis world.“ ils vd 10 2g0t 


ih bes ge e elt Trang, lch 
mall efeauilly cotifute Mt. P for our Author 
hath done Hifle more, than thrown the very worde 
of Nerth'into blank verſe? r. 
Ive helde our peats (iy fonts) 4 
ad not to ſpeake;"the ſtute f but pode bodies, and 
preſent ſight' of our rayment, would! eaſely bewray to 
- thee what life we haut led at bome, fince thy exile 
and abode abroad: But thinks now ith thy Telfe, 
: howe much more unfortunately, then all the! 18 
loioge we are come hether, conlidering that tho 
, fight 


t 01 


LE ARUHANO,OFHSGA KISS EARR. iy 


fight which ſhould be moſt. pleaſaunt to all other to 
beholde, ſpiteſoll fortune hath made moſ fearful two 
us: making my fcife'to fee my fonne; and 
ter here, her huſbatd; belieging" the walleb of his 
natius'countrie, 86 is tät which is che oily con- 
fort to all other ift chelr büsbertis ud thiſerie,: to 

pray unto che goddes; Kid's Cult to them for aide ; 
is the onely" thinge Which plongeth v us into moſt deepe 
perplexitis. For me cannot (alas) together pray, both 
for victotie, for our countrie,, and for ſafety of thy 
life allo, but. a warlde of grienous curſas, yes more 
then any, mortall ecemie can heaps uppon us, arg 
forcibly wrapt up in our prayers. For che bitter ſoppe 
of moſt harde choyce is uffered thy wii and childten, 
to forgoe the one of the two ; either to loſe the per- | 
ſane of thy ſelfe, or the nude of Their Mifiüt tomtris, 


1 of a0 eee bereden, 
Wn e, till fortune in my liſe-timg:das mak an, ende wf 
s warre, . For if I canogt perſuadenthee, bath 40 
doe good unto both partieg, theng0-Pyemthooine and 
32 the. opc, preferring, Jaye, and, nature before 
© TAR and, calamitic of warresz.thpu ſhalt ſos, 
wy. 9 185 and, truſt unto it, thay ſhalt no ſouꝶr 
Mt orward to aſſault thy, counarie,; but thy ice 
Pag 751 upon, thy PSA Ms OA DIR: 
Fx {t into this world. mol sto dum 


h JG * 915 is udn ill be excule for 


ann 


} 


. 
— — 


—_— 
— 


— 2 — 
— — — ——— 
——_ © me we 
5. 
; - _ a 


16 Au ESS AT on Tar. 


it's curioſity ; and it happily wants not the aſſiſtance 
of a Comment. But matters may not always be ſo 
eaſily managed : a plagiariſm from 4 hath 
been detected 

“The Sun's a thief, end. eee | 
| 8 che vaſt Sea. The Moon's an arrant thief, 
And her pale fire ſhe ſnatches from the Sun. 
The Sea's, a thief, whoſe liquid ſurge reſolves 

The Moon into ſalt tears. The Earth's a thief, 

That feeds and breeds by a compoſture ſtol'n 

From gen'ral excrements : each thing's a thief.” 

This, ſays Dr. Dodd, is a good deal in the man- 


ner of the celebrated drinking Ode, too well known 


to be inſerted.” Yet it may be alleged by thoſe, 
who imagine Shakeſpeare to have been generally able 
to think for himſelf, that the topicks are obvious, 
and their application is different. But for argument's 


fake, let the Parody be granted; and * our Author, 


ſays ſome one, may be puzzled to prove, that there 
was a Latin tranſlation of Anacrevn at the time Shake- 


ſpeare wrote his Timon of Athens.” This challenge 
is peculiarly unhappy : for I do not at preſent recol- 


le& any other Claſſict, (if indeed, with great deference 

to Mynheer De Pauw, Anacreon may be numbered 

amongſt them) that was originally publiſhed with tus 
Latin k tranſlations. 

But 

* B Stephens and Elias An Ato. 

ten 2 2 birth af 3 1 "3 —— 


Verſion 


LaA ANN OF SAA KSS NAR. th 
But this is not all. Puftenbum in his A of Fu- 
1 Prefer; 1589, quotes ſome one of a" ,t reaſbnahle 
good facilitie in tranſlation, who finding crytaiuo of 


Angcreon's Odes very well tranſlated by Roufar4 the 
French poet comes our Minion, and tranſlates 


the fame out of Frenth into E 11 5 an his .. 


4 fl 183 Firn 199 gwen 


„ Ja terre les eaux va baivant, prey 0 
L arbre la boit par ſa raci ne 
La mer ſalee boit le vent, benen d 0 


as Et le Soleil bait la marine. , 9096014 Ove 
2110 bone Soleil eſt hen de la Lune, 
Tout boit ſoit en haut ou en bas : qqs _ hint 


Suivant ceſte reigle commune, * 4 a 60 
© Pourquoy, donc ne W "FR. 
| 2 y 0p: OM 


2 know not, whether an obſervation or two re lan 
tive to our Author's Ong Vith Humer, be 
worth our inyeltigatian. The ingenious Mrs, Tahar 
obſerves on a paſſage of Troilus and Creſſila, whers 


Verſion hath heed aſcribed withour reaſol' to pos Hep 


Many e before he end at $25 
— 2 and particular Ode in queſtion Was 
popular by Buchanan, ny the Oe pieces PR * be mer 


Mor My Pt mo language, 


Abit, 
9 | 


* 


0 


that Shakeſpeare muſt here have had the Thad in vie 


Septembre, the.yere of our Lord G 
fixty and enleuen. Wynken de Morde . an Edit. Fol. 


HFarts grief, and bitter gall away to 


nf. Ax ESSAY on The | 


Achilles is rouſed to battle by the death' of 2 


as © the old, Story, ! which in many places he hath 
faithfully copied, is 0 l. with fe to 


this circumſtance, 
And Mr, Upton tin that. 

Antidote, inquired after y Macbeth, could be nothing 
but the Nepenthe deſcribed in. the Odlo, 
Nurtible v Zxeniv Te, c i G rv. 
J will not inſiſt upon the Tranſlations by -Chapmar ; 
as the firſt Editions are without date, and it may be 
difficult to aſcertain the exact time of their publiea- 
tion. But the /ormer circumſtance might have been 
learned from Alexander Barclay; m and the latter 
more — from Be "thi from Homer himſelf. 


1 111 was ori ly * 40 o Engliſbe Caxton under 
the name of the 7 the Hiſtoryes of Troy, from the 
French of the ryg ht wenerable Perſon and wvor ſhipfull man Raoul 


te Feure, and of Calen, the 1 
3 Sec thouſand 9 


2 


1503. and there ſave been ſeveral ſubſequent ones. 
m4 Who liſt thiſtory of Parreclus'torreade, &c.” 
: . Ship of Fools. 1570. p. an, 
' n « Nepenthe is a drinck of ſouera £8? T 
Deuized by the Gods, for to m I | 
—— e (us 
In ſtead thereof ſweet peace'and\quietage 
It doth eſtabliſh in the troubled mynd, &. 
Faerie Qucene. 1 * B. 4. C. 3. Stagg“ 
5 WW $6 But 


4A 
. * - — 
* " P - 


LIARNINO OF SHAKESPEARE, 10 


* But Shateſpeare, perſiſts Mr. Upton, hath ſome 

Greek Expreſſions.” Indeed | oy 0 We haye one in 

Coriolanus, 3 hn YG. 15 
—— [tis held 


That SIE Woof is the chiefeſt Virtue, and 
Moſt dignifies the Haver,Y—— 
and another in Macbeth, "where Banguo addreſs the 
Ward Sifers, 05 AAR 
I My noble Partner 
You greet with ee great prtiien 
x Of noble aug... ad gg 
Gr. Exe. -and p 75. "Eyovres, tothe Lv 
This was the common language of  8hakeſpear?'s 
time, „ Lye in a water - bearer's houſe l ſays Maſter 
Mathew of Bobadil, a Gentleman of his Hevings/'* 
Thus likewiſe Jahn Davies in his Plaaſunt Deſcant. 
upon Engliſh Proverbs, printed n= his ee to 
Folly, about 16123 * 8 To 
e Do cel and. have 60 he-neyther fo fill; 
For ſome are good Dyers, whoſe Havings are a.” a 
and Daniel the Hiſtoriati uſes it frequently, Having 
ſeems to be ſynonymous with Behaviour in Gawin' 
Prius“ and the elder Scotch writers, 


lt is very remarkable, that the Biſhop is called by 
his Cours Sir David Lind/cy, in his Complain of 


wil 


cur Souerane Lordis:Papingo,) _ L 
In our I. Rethorick the Roſe.” * 
And Dunbar a ſimilar re in * beautiful 


2 


SZ obo 
. 


Hauer, 


= 
"ft 


: 
? 


without plauſibility, as the Word 


* 1 


in Hamlet, ** Ay, tell me that, and anyote ? alluding 
to the Beàuròg of the Greeks : and r and 2 


from a Dittic of the workmen of Dover, e in 


udn; which you may look for in Vain in the modern 


1710. Fol; 


20 Ax ESSAY. on-Tat. 


l the ſenſe of Paſſeſſor, is ory where 
met with: tho” unfortunately the vdr v. Er 
of Sophacles, produced as an authority for it, is fuſs 
pected by Kuſter, p as good a critick in theſe matters, 
to have abſolutely a different meaning. 


But. what ſhall we ſay to the learning of the Clown 


Scholiaſt are quoted accordingly ! 


If it be not ſufficient to ſay, with Dr. Warbortm, 
that the phraſe might be taken from Huſbandry, 
without much depth of reading; we may produce it 


the additions to Holingſbed, p. 1546. 


% My bow is broke, I would unf t 
My foot is ſote, I can worke no more.“ 


An expreſſion of my Dame Quictiy is next faſtened 


text; ſhe calls ſome of the pretended Fairies in the 
Merry Wives of Windſor,” 

— ou Hein rod Dating 5 
„ Sinne Commitia undecim. Gr. & Lat. nf. 


6.. 
2 Dr. Warburton correfts Orphan to z and not 
* 4 5 both 


before and afterward. But I fancy, in acquieſcence to the 
1 doctrine, the addreſs q 


Troops 


LEARNING or SUAMKBSYEARE. 47 
and how elegant is this, quot Mr. Uyton, ſuppoſing 
the word to be uſed, as a Greridn would have uſed it? 
JeÞare; ab d ęqpvòe A acting in darkneſs and obſcurity.” 

Mr. Heath aſſures us, that the bare mention of 
ſuch an interpretation, is à ſufficietit refutation of it: 
and his eritical word will be rather taken in Gree+ 
than in Bagliſ : in the ſame hands therefore I will 
venture to leave all our authot's knowledge of the 


Old Comedy, and his W ming in the 
word,” Deſdomona* x- 


Surely poor Mr. ee e e e 
with Fairies, notwithſtanding his laborious: ſtudy of 
Spenſar. The laſt authentick account of them is from 
our countryman #illiem Lilly; * and it by no means 
agrees with the lenrned interpretation: for the ange- 


Troop, . as 2 by by birth, but adopted by the Fairies: 
r ck eo their vrai Parents, * now only 
ndant — 


herſelf. * ng lines from * 
MI ſafficiently i 9, (wr the 


| whe" The man whom heauens 8 or 
The ſpouſe of Britomuart, is of — Ke 
He wonneth in the land of F 
Yet is no Fary borne 2 bat all | 
Todo but ſp ur eng of feet terreſtriall 
: airs ſtolen a 
nd whilome by ll Farr te a bo? . 
| Edit, 1590. „. 3. up 
r Reviſal., p. 75. 323. & 561. . 


= —— of his Life and Times, 103. preſerved ® 


pa contented with a legendary Ballad. . 


WM -: : 91 ESSAY-on THE-  - | 
ligal Creatures appeared in his Hurf wood in 6 
illuftrious Glory, —“ and indeed, ſays the Sage, it is 
not giyen to very many befor to endure they glee. 
rious aſpetts,”, PROP * 

Tbe only 1 of tnnfcibiog thele thiogs, is to 
4 what abſurdities men for ever run into, when 


they lay down an Hypotheſis, and afterward ſeek. for 


arguments in the ſupport of it. What elſe could. in- 
duce this man, by no means A bad ſcholar, to doubt 
whether Truepenny might not be derived from Tevr 


tra; and quote upon us with much parade an old. 
Scholiaſt on Ariſtapbanes ? will not ſtop to confute. 
him: nor take any notice of two or three more Ex- 
prefſions, in which he was pleaſed to ſuppoſe ſome 
learned meaning or other; all which he might have 
found in every Writer of the time, or ſtill more eaſily 
in the yulgar Tranſlation of the Bible, by conſulting 
the Concordance of Alexander Cruden. | 

But whence have we the Plot of Timon, except / 
from the Greet of Lucian? — The Editors and Cri- 
ticks have been never at a greater loſs. than in their 
inquiries of this ſort; and the ſource of a Tale hat 
been often in yain ſought abroad, which might a 
bave been found at home: My good friend, the very 
ingenious Editor of the Reliques ' of ancient Eng li 
Poetry, hath ſhewn our Author to have been ſome - pi 


C * k. 24 
4 «+ u\ "Ph avs 
Wk. 


LranWintbr SAAT IAA. 21 


The Story of the Miſanthrape-. s told ir n almoſt 
every Collection of the time; and d particulary ; in two 
books, with which Sole! Was intimately ac- 
quainted; the Palace / Pleaſure, and the Engliſh 
Plutarch. Indeed from? a paſſage i in an old Play, c call | 
Fack Drums Es mertainement, Icon jecture that he he 551 
before made his appearance on the Stage. 8 mY 

Were this a Proper, place for ſuch a algen, 2 
could ; give you many caſes of this kind. We are ſent 
for inſtance to Cintbio for the Plot of Meaſure for 
Meafire, and Shakeſpeare's judgement hath been at- 
tacked for ſome deviations from him in the conduct 
of it * when probably all he knew of the matter was 
from Madam 1/abella in the Heptameron of In def: 
Ariefto is continually quoted for the Fable of Muth © 
ado about Nothing ; but 1 füſpect our Poet to have been 
ſatisfied with the Geneurs of Turberville, u 45 you bike 
it was certainly | borrowed, if we believe Pr. c 65 „ and 


Mr. Upton, from the 2 $ Tale of Gamelyy ; ha ty 7, 


J%\LY 


t Lond, 4to. 1 wed She reports in the fourth ay a 
erciſe, the rare Hiſtorie of Promos and Caſſanura. A mar- 

inal note informs us, that I benſſone was the Author of 
8 Commedie on that ſub ect; W likewiſe had pro- 
bably fallen into the of Shakiſpeare. | 


us The tale is à pretie comicall matter, 25 hath bin 
written in Engliſp 5 ſome ſew years paſt,  learnedly 
and with race, by M. George hr. 55 0 
ton's s Arialo. F 1 591. 5 39. — 

the 


24 Av ESSAY on TH i! 


the way was not printed till a century afterward : 
when in truth the old Bard, who-way no hunter of 
Ms8. contented himſelf ſolely with Zogge's Ryſalnd 
or Eupbues' Golden Legame. 4to. 1390. The Story 
of Als. well that ends wuell or, as I ſuppoſe it to have 
been ſometimes called, Love's labour wonne,* is oxi- 
ginally indeed the property of Boccace, I but it came 
immediately to Sh,“ from Painter's Giletia of 
Narbon. 2 Mr. Langbaine could not conceive, whence 
the Story of Perichs could be taken, not meeting 
in Hiſtory with any ſuch Prince of Tyre ;” 3 his le- 


& ft 


a * See Meret Wits Treafury. 1598, p. 282. | 


vy Our ancient Poets are under er greater obli tions to 
Boecace, than is generally imagined. Who would ſuſpett, 
that Chaycer borrowed - an Italian the fagetious 
Tale of the Miller of Trumpington ?, _ 
Mr. Dryden obſerves on the Epic performance, Palamon 
ond Arcite, ® little inferior in his opinion to the 
liad or the Æneid, that the name of it's Author is wholly 
loſt, and Chaucer is now become the 9 But h 
ts miſtaken t this too was the work Boccace, 
N at 1 @ Folio, _—_ _ * * 
affi, 1475; ave » 6 copy 9 it, and a tion 
into modern Greek, in the noble Library of che very 
earned and communicative Dr. Aſtew. | 
It is likewi& to be met with in old French, under the 
Title of La The/eide de Fean Bocrgce, beurer les belle: 
& chaſtes amours de deux jeunes Chevaliers N 
Seite & Palemon. 


2” ogy faſt Vol. of wie Palace 1 lde, 410: 


17 


LIAEKMI NO be Suk sT ARE. By 
bend meh be folind at lange in odd Ohwty, anger the 
name of pn. a 
Pericb is ene of the Plays omirted th the TO 
Editiohs, as well as the efly Folio's, and hot Im- 
properly; the? it was publiſhed many Years befert 
the death of Sbuteſpeure, with his nume in the Te- 
page. Ain Ginas informs us, that Tone Plays ure 
afcribed abſbluteby to Plants, Which he only retoitth= 
ed and ppliſb e; and this is undd ubtedly the caſe with 
our Author likewiſe. The revival of this perform - 
ance, Which Bir. Fonſin calls fals and mouidy, was 
probably his earlieft attempt in the Drama. I Khow, 
that another bf theſe diſearded pieces, the Nytzhire 
Tragedy, hath been frequently called ſag but moſt 
certainly it was not written by our Poet at all: for 
indeed was it printed in his life-time. The Fact on 

which it is built, was perpetrated no ſooner than 
1604: b much too late for ſo mean a. W 
from the hatid bf Shakeſpeare. | 

- 3 printed by 7. Berthelt. Fol. 15424 


v2 
"”, abe, 27 of Caluer ley in Yorkfire, Eſquire, 
murdered two of his owne children in his owne houſe; 
then ſtabde his wife into the body with full intent to 
haue killed her; and then inftentlic with like fury went 
from his houſe, to haue ſlaine his yongeſt childe at nurſe, 
but was prevented. Hee was pteſt ts death in Tri- the 
of Auguſt. 1604.” Em. * Continustion of 
500 Stowe”s gummarie. 8 vo. 160 74. The Story 
n Pamp 45 it is omitted 
in the Folio Chronicle, 1631. 
D Some- 


— 


> ———_———— 


—— — 


_ ä—!!UDDU—ꝓ— —— . xv ˙—— LLLCTT eres — — 
— - — 


men 
— — 
4 * 


a6 ð An ESSAT on TAE 

Sometimes a very little matter dete &a a forgery. 
You may remember a Play called the Double Falſbacd, 
which Mr; Theobald was defirous of palming upon the 
world for a poſthumous one of Shakeſprare:::and 1 
ſee it is claſſed as ſuch im the laſt Edition of the 
Bollidn Catalogue. Mr; Pept himſelf,) after all the 
ſtrictures of Scriblerus e in 4 Letter to arm Hill, 


ſuppoſes it of that age; but a miſtaken accent de- 
termines it to have been written ſince the middle of 


the laſt century. ds. Vg A wins 
1 e MN eee 
Of baſe Henriquez, bleeding in me now. 
Prom each good eee uf. * 
. in another place, n 20s tht e loi 3: 
u Rave an Apel, Sir, of wondrous widen | 
NN word I pels, you peretive, is here accented on 
the feſt Syllable, * which; Lam confident, in any ſenſe 
of it, vas f never the caſe in the time of Shakeſpeare | ; 
though it may ſometites appear to be ſo, when we 
do not obſerve a preceding Exo. 4 
Some of the profeſſed Imitators of our old Poet: 
have not attended to this and many e other Minutie : 


« Theſe however, he nne the me 


hus 2 line in Hamlets 5. deſcription 'of the 
wol be printed as in the old Folio's, N He bones Y 
Tears in his eyes, diſtraction in's ape: 
agreced! y to the * in a hundred other Plates - 


LIA AMINO OT SHAKESPEARE. 27 


I could point out to you ſeveral performances in the 
reſpective Stylri of Chuurer, Spenſer, and Shakeſpeare, 


which the imitated Bard cu, not u haye en 


read or conſtrued. 10 500 200m $ 20t bb 
This very'actefit hath edubled the A otators on 
Milton. Dr. Bailey obſerves it to be a tone different 
from the preſentuſe,'? Mr. Mantuaring, in his Treatiſe 
of Hamm and Numbers, very ſolemnly informs us, 
that * this Verſe is defeRive both in Accent and 
Quantity, B. 3. V. 266. 1 
His. words here ended, but his mock mock 4% 
Silent yet ſpake. En 102 mr aH Sud: 10 
Here, ſays he, a ſyllable is 7 and lang, whereas 
it ſhould be ort and graued!ꝰ 1 i, . 
And a ſtill more. extraordinary. Gele 
Green, who publiſhed. a. Specimen of 9 | 
of the Paradiſe Loft, into Bi. Au R yerle, © by whi 19 
that amazing; Work is brought. fomevhat nearer rthe 
Summit of Perfection, e 


* wy uns 
blunder i in the e V. 540 rn 
and with righ , a 
Levell'd his eben 1 7 3.5 5.03 WIDEST NL DUEL 
Mor ſo als wl 119 r4wna i 


«© Meanwhile the ſetting Sun Jeſceiding 5 
ä  LevePd with &/je& right his e ning rays.” 1704 
Za —— 


28 AN ESSAY on TH: : 444 


Dr. Der had a Sirit, who would ſometimes conde- 
ſeend to correct him, when; peccant. ins Quantity: 
and it had been kind of him to have 2 little aſſiſted 
the Wights abovementioned; Allan affected the 
Antique; but it may ſeem more extraordinary, that 
the old Accent ſhould be adopted in Hudibras. - - 
Alter all, the Double Kaſusd is ſuperior to Theobald. 
One paſſage, and one wand in * whole urn 
MEN: dave written: gey way $49 


AY Strike. _ ay es 
e © — the Strings with à religious . 
. Teach found to languiſh thro? the Nigbt a dull Ear, 
Till Melancholꝝ ſtart from her lazy Couch, 
« And Careleſſneſs gr Convert to Attention.“ 


| Theſe lines were particulaily admired; aud his 
vanity eauld not reſiſt the opportunity ef dlajming 
them ; but his elaim had been, more * 
an her part, of the performance. 
Toe uben then ſhall we i Seed 
hath told us, wha fond ſeem ta be a Nofrunr 

. monger. by his argument, that, let Accents be bow 
they will, it u called an wigal Play: of Hum 
Shakeſpeare in the Nag, um, prefixed to Mr. 
Theobald's Edition, 1728, and | conſequently there 
could be n frand in the matte Wbiſt, on the con- 
trary, the Ay& Launen, Mn. Nu, remarks, (and 
Vue it true, * would bn eeriinly Gecifre) * 
ot 


LEARKING or SHARESPBARE. 29 

Plot is borrowed from a Novel of Cue, not 
publifhed till the year after Shakeſpeare's death; But 
unlackily the ſame Novel appears in a part of Den 
Quiet, which was printed in Spaniſb, 1605, and in 
Euguiſi by Sbeltau, 1612. The ſawe reaſoning 
bowaver, which .exculpated our Author: from the 
Tarkſhire er mr AR a the PRs 
caban. «#44 17) eng 

Hy mais DEB. © OMA 
of Style and Manner, I'make no doubt of afcribing 
it to Shirley. Mr. Zanghtineigforms us, that he left 
ſome Plays in MS. Tbeſe ware wemen abaut the 
time of the Reforation; when the: Nevis in queſtion 
was move generally aer 
Perhaps the miſtake: aroſe from ar abr i of 
the name. Mr. Dod/liy knew not that the Tragedy of 
Andromana was Vir i, from the. very ame cauſe. 
Thus a whale ſtream of Biqgraphers tell us, that 
Marſton's Plays, Mere, printed at Landen, 4633s by 
the care of Millam Shaleſdrare, the famaus Come- 
dian,” — again L ſuppaſe, in ſore. Tragſcript, 
the. real Publiſher's name, Huliam Sheares,, was ab- 
breviated. No one hath protracted the life of Shake- 
fears beyond 2616, - except, Mr. n.; Who is 
pleaſed to, add a. eat tg it, in .contradiQtian ta all 
manner of evid enge 2 of 


due nſpoten of mfontgmgtin \ Flix man 


— 


ä — — 


44 _—_— 2 DOG i Sr — — - - <4. 


racci in the King of France's Cabinet: but I am apt 


3 Ar ESSAT on Tu 
but his Imagination is ſometimes fine to an extraordi- 
nary degree. I recollect a paſſage in the fourth hook of 
the Paradiſe Loft, which:hath been ſuſpected of Imita- 
tion, as a prettineſ below the Genius of Milton: I mean, 
where Uriel glides backward and forward to Heaven 
on 2 Sunbeam. Dr. Newion-informs us, that this 
might poſſibly be hinted by a Picture of Aunibal Car- 


to believe that Milton had been ſtruck with a Portrait 
in Shirley. . Fernando, in the Comedy of the 04 
16825 deſcribes Facinta at ¶ pr... 
1 Her eye did ſeem to labour with a tear, cr 8 
| Which ſuddenly took birth, but overweigh'd | 
With it's 6wn ſwelling,” drop'd updn her boſome z 
Which by reflexion'of her light, appeare 
As nature meant her ſorrow-for an ornament: 
After, her looks grew chearfull, and I fr “ 
A ſmile ſhoot gracefull upward from her eyes, 
As if they had gain'd a victory o'er grief, 
And with it many beams twiſted themſelves, | 
| Upon whoſe golden threads the Agel w walk 8.8 * 
N again from Heaven, 8 (4 » 888. 
You muſt not think me infected with the wit of 


# | * 1 * ada Ae. — 2 vr. 
250. Middltes, in e e Play, called, 4 Game ad 
Cheſſe, hath ſome very pleaſing lines on a fimilar ö 


© Upon thoſe lips s, the ſweete freſh buds of out „ 
The holy dew of prayer lies Iike pearle, NE 
Dropt from the o hal eye-lids of the morne 
Upon the baſhfull Roſe,” =——— 

Lal 


| LEARNANG:jOF BMAKESPBARE af 
Lade hey you another of Milton's Imitations: 
I he Swan with arched nth 
44 ———j—— proudly, rows / 
Her ſtate with oary feet.. B. 7. V. 438, &c. * 
The aneient Poets, ſays Mr. Richardſon, have 
not hit upon this beauty; ſo laviſ as they have 
been in their deſeriptions of the Suu. Homer call: 


me Swan eng- noc led, dιπNνοαιννν; but how much 
more fittore/que, if lie had arched this length of neck ?” 

For this beauty however," Miltin was beholden to 
Donne; whoſe name, 1 believe, : a t preſent is better 
known than his writings * ane. 


4 Joot vinsbbit dif 


— — * Like a Ship in her full trim, an 74 

- A Swan, ſo white that you may unto him 
Compare all whiteneſſe, but himſelſe to bene, * 
Glided along, and ag be glidedwatch'd; :- 
And with his arcbed neck this poore: fiſh cateh d. 
Bing 49. yu HiPagiofiaſ thebogli $i 24. 


Thoſe highly finiſhed Landſcapes, "the ent, ar 
indeed copied from Nature: : but Women ſometimes 
reg che hand, of! his Maſter 


1 7 1 


ee © The aach ling Swan | 
Gerben ahifage eo Mals ID 
Aud arching proud his Neck, with cary f, | - 
Protective A — N 


1 * 
— , 14 T” 


. — . 
* 0 Y ” 4 
4 j ” 
— b * _— 1 
. w- x * 
. 
1 — 


* An ESSAY onmtas t- 
But to return, as we ſay on other occaſions, — per- 
Kage the Atvocates for Shakrſ)2277's knowledge of 
the Latin language may be more ſucceſsful. Mr. Gil- 
Ain takes the Van. It is plain, that He was 'ac- 
quainted with the Fabkrof antiquity very well : that 
ſome of the Arrows of Cupid are pointed with Lead, 
and others with Gold, he wund in Ovi; and 
what he ſpeaks: of Dia, in Vigil nor do I 
know any tranſlation of theſt Posts ſo ancient» as 
Shatefdeare's time.” The paſſages on which theſe 
ſapacious remarks-are made, occur in the Mön 
Night's Dream; and exhibit, we ſer, a clear; proof 
of acquaintance with the Latin Claſſicks. But we are 
not anſwerable for Mr. Gz/dor's ignorance ; be might 
have been told of Gatos and Douglas, of Surrey and 
Stanyhurſt, of Phaer and Twyne, of Flaming and Guld- 
ing, of 'Turberville and Churchyard ! but theſe. Fables 
were eaſiy known without the help of either the ori- 
ginals or the tranſlations. + The Fate of  Dide had 
been ſung very early by Gower, Chaucer, and Lydgate z 
Marloe had even already introduced her to the Stage; 
and Cypid's arrows appear with their characteriſtick 
differences in Surrey, in Sidney, in Spenſer, and every 
Sonetteer of the time. Nay, their very names were 
exhibited long before. in the Rameux: of the Rg 
work, you may venture to look into, notwithſtand- 


ing Maſter Pryune hath ſo poſitively aſſured us, on 
= ; = 


LEARNING.,OF SHAKESPEARE. 33 
the word of, John. Ger/an, that, the Author is moſt 
certainly damned, if he did not care for a ſerious re- 

Mr. J/hally- argues in the ſame manner, and 
with the ſame ſucceſs, He thinks a paſſage in the 
Tempeſt,. Lat fs At L D 


High Queen of State, 
Great Juro comes; I know her by her Gait. 
a remarkable inſtance of Shakeſpeare's knowledge of 
ed by the Divim incede Regina of Virgil. s 
Had our zealous Puritan been acquainted with the 
real crime of De Mabun, howeuld not hive joined in the 
clamour againſt him. Poor. Jehan, it ſeems, had raiſed 
the expectations of a Monaſtery in France, by the Legacy 
of a great Cheſt, and the weighty Contents of it; but 
it proved to be filled with nothing better than Verches. 
The Friars, enraged at the ridicule and diſappointment, 
w_—_ = _ im to 11 burial. — 
on. Mr. Barrington's very and curious Va- 
tions on the Statutes. 4t0. 1766. p. 24. From the Amal 4 
Acquytayne, Par. 15. | G7 
Our Author had his full ſhare in diſtreſſing the Spirit 
of this reſtleſs man. Some Play-books are grown 
uarto into Folio; which yet bear ſo good a price 'and 
a 1 I cannot — with 2 _ it. —— Shgck- 
s es are printed in t wne- 
better than moſt Vibe * | moe = 
Others would give up this paſſage for the Vera inceſſic 
wit Dea; but Tam not able to fee any improvement 
in the matter: even ſuppoſing the Poet had been fpeak- 
ing of June, and no previous Tranſlation were extant. 


Tou 


34 AN ESS AVT ol THE 
You know, honeſt John Taylor, the Mater: poet, 
declares that he never learned his Accidente, and that 
Latin and French were to him Heathen-Greek ; yet by 
the help of Mr. 7/halleys argument, I will prove him 
a learned Man, in ſpite of every thing, he may ſay 
to the contrary: for thus he makes a Gallant addrefs 
his Lady, : 

«© Moſt meltiwable Magazine — 
whom the Port and Majeſty o Juno, the Wiſdom of 
Zove'sbraine-bred Girle, and the Feature of Dae 
have their domeſtical habitation. “ 

In the Merchant of Venice, we dens an * « By 
#0-headed Janus; and here, ſays Dr. IWarburton, 
Shakeſpeare ſhews his knowledge in the Antique: and 


* This: paſſage recalls to my memory a very extraordi- 
nary fact. A few years ago, at a great Court on the Con- 
tinent, a Countryman of our's of high rank and character, 
p C. H. V.] exhibited! with many other Candidates 

s complimental Epi -on the Birth-day, and carried 
the prize in triumph, 

| «© O Regina orbis prima & pulcherrima : 'ridens 
Es Venus, incedens Juno, Minerva loquens.”?  - 
Literal ſtolen from An 
Tres quondam nudas vidit Priameius heros 
Luce deas; video tres quoque luce deas. 
Hoc majus; tres uno in corpqre: Celia ridens 
Eft Venus, incedens Juno, Minerva loquens.” 

Delitiæ Ital. Poet. by Gruter, under the anagramimatic' 
Name of Ranutius Gherus. 1608. V. 1. p. 189. 

Perhaps the latter part of the Epi 6. was met with 
in a whimſical book, Thich had 155 ay of Fame, Robert 


Burton's Anatomy of Malanchoh, wo 1652, 6th Edit. p.520. 
1 ſo 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 37 
o again does the Muter- poet, who: deſcribes mans 
« Like a Jam with a dunbie. nit 
But Shakeſheare hath ſomewhere at Latin Matte, 
quoth Dr. Serve; and ſo: hath'\Fobn Taylor, and a 
whole Poem upon it into the bargai mn. 
You perceive, my dear Sir, how vague and inde- 
terminate ſuch arguments muſt be: for in fact this 
ſweet Stan of Thames, as Mr. Pope calls him, hath 
more ſeraps of Latin, and alluſions to antiquity than 
are any where to be met with in the writings of 
Shakeſpeare, I am ſorry to trouble you with trifles, 
yet mee Te — en en 
It would ſeem to be hs opinion of ate 
criticks, that the perſonages of elaſſick land began only 
to be known in England in the time of | Shakeſpeare ; 
or rather, that he particularly had the honour of in- 
troducing them to the notioe of his oountrymen. 
For inſtance, — Rumour painted full of tongue, gives 
us a Prologue to one of the parts of Henry.the Fourth ; 
and, ſays Dr. Dodd, Sbateſpeare had doubtleſs a view 
to either Virgil or Ouid in their deſcriptioh of Fame. 
But why ſo? Stephen Hdewes in his Paſtime of Plea- 
ſure had long before exbibited her in the ame Na 


„A goodly Lady envyroned about eee 
With ayes of re. 8 1 | uy oj" 

— Wave ' oh mifie =; 
er. 1. 4to. 153. neee 


22 : . and 


5 ö· Am ESSAY own Turn 
and ſo had Sir 'Thonizs More in one of his Pageamtz, u 
4 Fame I àm called, mervayle you nothing 

Though with togge L am compaſſed all rounde.” . 
not to mention her elaborate Portrait by Chaucer, in 
the Babs . Name i; and by :Fobw'Fbggins,) one of the 
Aſſiſtants in the Airnur. for Aagiſtrates, in his Legend 
of King Alhano#e... einn jo gJoud* 150 c 1 
A vexy liberal Writer on he Beautirs, ef Poetry, 
who hath been more converſant in the ancient Lite- 
rature of other Countries, than his on, . eangot 
but Menden, that a, Foet, whoſe claſſical Images 
are compoſed of the fineſt, parts, and breath the very 
ſpixit of. aneient Mythology, ſhould paſs for being 
8 Witerate novo Ram xd: 87 n n bu, ed naw 
Her what: a graute was ſrated on his brow ii 
. Hyptnion'sicurles the feant: of Fove himfelf: 
eye lice Mori to chreaten and command: 
Aitastign like the herald; Marca, ans tai 
ew lichted on a hengvenrkiſüng hill.“ Hamill. 
Dliterate is an ambiguous term: the queſtion is, 
whether Poetiek Hidory - eould be only known by an 
Adept in Longuages It is no reflection on this inge- 
nious Gentleman, when I ſay, that I uſe on this, oc- 
cuaſion the words of à better Critiek, who yet was not 
Willing to carry 1 of. our Poet #697 far 5 — 


Amn b 2225 tor More wrote ta his 


Je for hi tohis Worker, 1587 Fol. 
« They 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. .. 37 
« They who are in ſuch aſtoniſhment at the learning 
of Shakeſpeare, forget that the 'Pigan” Imagery was 
familiar to all the Poets of his time; urid that abun- 
dance of this ſort of learring was to be picked up 
from almoſt every Englib book; that he could take 
into his hands.“ For not to inſiſt upon Srepben Bute- 
man's Golden booke of the leaden Goddes, 1557, 
and ſeveral other laborious compilations ot che ſub- 
ject, all this and much more Mythology might as 
perfectly have been learned from the Teflament ef 
Cr:ſeide, i and the Fairy Duetn, * m as from 4 en 
Pantheon or Polymetis himſelf. 4 10 
Mr. Upton, not contented' with a ine, 
when he finds it in the text, muſt neceſſarily ſuper- 
add it, when it appears to be wanting; becauſe Shake 
ſpeare moſt certainly'hath loſt it by aceident! | 
In Much ado about Nothing, Don Pedro ſays of the 
inſenſible Benedict, e He hath twice or thriee cut 
Cupid's dort and thie little Haigma 2 1 dare not 
. hoot '@ n. f ennie 7 


This Analog is not rechlliaed nike Anders, 
and therefore the critick hath no doubt but his Au- 

thor wrote Henchman,—a Page, Puſio and this word 
| ſeeming too bard for the Printer, he tranſlated the 
. Ab among the * ee 


ung 's 11-15 obſervable, tha Hyperion is HOW Cpen/er 
ik dee igang. MULE UN IO! 


lu 


Ax ESBAY own THE 
little Urchin into a Hangman,” 2 character nN 
belonging to him“ 

But this (chira dis! n Borrowed from ha 
Ancients ; FR came ot — — of Sit whos b 
Sine, vn 

6 Millions of yeares this old drivel! Cas lives; 
While ſtill more wretch, more wicked he doth prove 4 

Till now at length that Jove him office mw.” 

(At Juno's ſuite who much did Argur love 
In this our world a Hangman for to be u 
Of all thoſe * that will have all W. we.” 

B. 2, Ch. 1b. 

I know it may be objeted on the authority of 
ſuch Biographers, as Theophilus Cibber, and the Writer 
of the Life of Sir Philip, prefixed to the modern 
Editions ; that the Arcadia was not publiſhed before 
1613, and conſequently too late for oy imitation ? 


= * 


38 


. W 1 1590, 4to.. which hath eſcaped the 
notice of the induſtrious Ames, and the reſt of our 
typographical Antiquaries. 

Thus likewiſe every word of antiquity i is to be cut 
down to the claſſical ſtandard, 

In a Note on the Prologue to Troilus and Creſida, 
Ns , by the way, is not met with in the Quart)” 
Mr. Theobald informs us, that the very names of he 
gates of Troy, have been barbarouſly demoliſhed by 


the Editors : and a deal bf learned duſt he makes in 
ſetting 


| LEARNING OF-SHAK ESPEARE, 39 


ſetting them right again; much however to Mr. 
« Heath's ſatisfaction. Indeed the learning is modeſtly 


withdrawn from the later Editions, and we are W 


ly inſtructed to read, Mont nes 1 — : 211 v1ort Þ 
66 Dardan, and Thymbria, Ilia, Scæa, Troian, 18 . 
And Antenori ds. WN 


But had he looked into the 'Traxe, dale of 7 -A 
inſtead of pu zzling himſelf with Dares Phrygius, he 
would have found the horrid demolition to have 
hoog neither the work of Shakeſpeare nor his > Editors. F 
«© Therto his cyteſ compaſſed enuyrowne' 
Hadde gates VI to entre into the towne : 
The firſte of all and ſtrengeſt eke with all, 
Largeſt alſo! and moſte pryncypall, leigt 
Of myghty byldyng alone pereleſo, I. arty 
Was by the kynge called! Dardanydes.z,. "Ys 
And in ftorye | iyke as it is founde, _ "= ba 2X00 
Tymbria | was named the ſeconde; 5 > © 
And the thyrde | called Ha © OP 
The fourthe gate) hyghte alſo Ch ß: ß - | 
The fyfthe Trojana, the fyxth Aube, , ,, 
Stronge and myghty | both in werre aud pes.“ | 
Lond. empr. by R. ne Gol LG. 11. 


7 Our 
» The Troye Bale was ene modernize _ 
reduced. into regular , Stanza's,, about the 


of the laſt century, under the name of the“ f . F 
Death of Hector — who fought a hundred mayne Battailes 
in open field: againſt the Greciam ; wherein, there Were 


Aaine on both fides Fourtcens Hundred and Sire N 


40 Ax ESS AT on THE 


Our excellent friend Mr. Hurd bath born a noble 


teſtimony on our ſide of the queſtion. ** Shakeſpeare, 
Fourfeore and Sixe mn. Fol. no date. This work, Dr, 
Fuller and ſeveral other criticks have erroneouſly quoted 
as the Original; and obſerve in conſequence, that if 
Chaucer”s Coin m_ of greater weight - deeper 3 
Lydgate's were of a more refined fandard for purer : 
that one might miſtake hem for a modern Writer“ . 
Let me here make an obſervation for the benefit of the 
next Editor of Chaucer. Mr, Urry, probably miſled by 
his predeceſſor, Speght, was determined, P es-like, 
to force every line in the Canterbury Tales to the ſame 
Standard : but a preciſe number of Syllables was not the 
Object of our old Poets. Lydgate, after the example of 
his Maſter, very fairly acknowledges, inn 
«« Well wot I' moche thing is wronge, 


Falſely _ both of ſhort and — * RY 
and Chaucer himſelf was perſuaded, that the Rime might 


poſſibly be 8 
— — ©© Somewhat agreable, 
Though ſome Verſe faile in a Syllable.” 
In ſhort, the attention was directed to the Ce/aural 5 
as the Grammarians call it; which is carefully marked in 
every line of Lydgate : and Gaſcoigne in his Certayne notes 
of Inſtruction concerning the making of Verſe, obſerves very 
truly of Chaucer, « Whoſoeuer do peruſe and well con- 
fider his workes, he ſhall find, that although his lines 
are not alwayes of one ſelfe ſame number of Syllables, 
7% beyng redde by one that hath underſtanding, the 
eſt verſe and t which hath moſt ſyllables in it, 
ill fall to the Eare correſpondent unto that which hath ' 
feweſt ſyllables in it: and likewiſe that whiche hath in 
it feweſt ſyllables ſhall be founde yet to conſiſt of wordes 
that have ſuche naturall ſounde, as may ſeeme equall in 
length to a verſe which hath many moe ſyUables of 
lighter accents.” 4to. 1575. eee 


ſays 


; 
Ie 
7 
E 
1 
* 
if 
5 
6.2, 


r 
Nr HO 123 


LEARNING Oy SHAKESPEARE. © 


e this t true Critick, owed the felicity of hee dom 
from the bondage of claſpcal ſuperſtition, t to the want 
of what is called the * 8 
tion. — This, 25 welk asu v ſt ſup ty of Belus 
hath contributed to lift. Als, 1 man 10. ihe 
glory of being eſteemed the moſt original thinker and 
ſpeaker nige the times of Hemer.“ And, hence in- 
diſputably' the amazing Variety of Style and Manner; 
unknown to all other Writers: an argument of ice 
ſufficient to emancipate, Shakeſpeare from the ſuppo- 
fition-of a Cloſſical-training: Vet, to be honeſt, on- 
Imitation is faſtenei on out Poet : which Harn Bee 
inſiſted upon likewiſe by Mr. Dytan and Mr. EI. 


You remember it in the famous Speech ef Cn C 8 2 
in Meaſure for Meaſure : ... * 


Not * — 


« Ay, but bo die and go we know nes able. 


\ Moſt certainly the Ideas of a, * « Spielt taihbds ig 95 
fiery floods,” of reſiding in —— 
thick-ribbed ice,” or of being * kmpriſphetk in the 
viewleſs winds,” are not.orzgenal in our Author; but 
I am not ſure, that they came from the Platonicꝶ Hell 
of Virgil.o The Monks alſo had their hot and. their 
als Halt 2 fyells. is Are. Nr ever ' brenneth, 


ET. 
"$2 1 


F. 


5 1 
r 


——— Alla F inanes f F 
Snſpenſæ ad ventos; aliis ſub gurgite yall « 82 
Infectum eluitur ſcelus, aut exuritur ig... 
(=) IRE and 


42 AN ESSAY or THe 

and never gyveth lighte, fays an old Homily : : Pas 
The ſeconde is paſſyng colde, that yf a grete hylle of 
fyre were caſten therin, it ſholde torne to yee.” One 
of their Legends, well remembered in the time of 
Shakeſpeare, gives us a Dialogue between a Biſhop 
and a Soul tormetited i in a piece of ice, which was 
brought. to cure 4 grete brenning brate in his foot: 4 
take care you do not interpret this the Gout; for 1 
remember A. Menage quotes a Canon upon us, 


tyre 


- * Sj quis dixerit Epiſcopum yoDacrA laborare, Ana- 
ca thema fit.” 

- Another tells us of the Soul of a Mock lia 
to a Rock, which the winds were to blow about for 
a twelvemonth, and purge of it s Enormities. In- 
deed this doctrine was before now introduced into 
poetick fiction, as yd may ſee in 4 Poem where 
the Lover declareth his pains to exceed far the pains 
of Hell,“ among the many miſcellaneous ones ſub» 
joined to the Works of Surrey. Nay, a very learned 
and inquiſitive Brother-Aatiquary, our Greek Pro- 
ſeſſor, hath abſerved to me on the authority of Bi- 
tenius, that this was the ancient opinioti of the inha- 


„At che ende ol the Fe] hel. drawen oute of Legenda 
aurea. 4to. 1508. it waz printed by Caxton, 1483. 
ein helpe of ſack Olerkes ho excuſe theym fordefaure of 


bokes, — alſo by ſymplenes of connynge,” 
4 On IR p. 152. - 


bitants 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 43 


bitants of Ieeland ; zr who were certainly very le 
read either in the Poet or the Philoſopher. © © 
After all, Shakeſpeare's curioſity might lead him to 
7 ranſlations. Gawin Douglas really changes the Pla- 
zonick Hell into the c punytion of Saulis in Purgatory :? 
and it is obſervable, that when we der int 
Hamlet of his Doom there, 
«6 Till the foul crimes Jone in, his days of nature 
Are Barnt and purgd away,. 
the Expreſſion is very ſimilar to the Biſhop's : I will 
give you his Verſion as conciſely-as I can; It is a 


nedeful thyng to ſuffer panis and torment—Sum in 


the wyndis, Sum under the watter, and in the fire 
uthir Sum: — thus the mony Vice 
* Contrakkit in the carpe de der die, NOS v3: 4 


Aud pur, * nn .So 
* | Cixte ixte Booke of bt. Fol,” b. 101. 


| It ſeems however, that « Shakeſpeare himſelf it in the 
Tempeſt hath tranſlated ſome expreſſions of Virgil - 
witneſs the O Dea certe. * I preſume, we are here 
directed to the paſſage, where Ferdinand nal 4. 


aner ae hearing the Songs of ie,, 
— — Moſt ſure, ihe Goddeſs 


_— — os & os” 


On whom theſe airs attend.“ 
and ſo very /mall Latin is ſufficient for this formidable 


tranſlation, that if it be thought ar any honour. to, our 
* Pandia Deſeript, 1 Bat. hor P. * 


, 2 5 


44 Ax ESS AVT on Tre 

Poet, I am loth to deprive him of it; but his honour 
is not built on ſuch a ſandy foundation. Let us turn 
to a real Tranſlator, and examine whether the Idea 
might not be fully comprehended by an Engliſb reader; 
ſuppoſing it neceſſarily borrowed from Virgil. Hex- 
ameters in our on language are almoſt forgotten; 
we will quote therefore this time from Stunyburſt: 


O to thee, fayre Virgin, what mn bare rightly be 


fitted ? 
Thy tongue, thy viſage no ___ frayltie reſembleth, 
— No doubt, à Godefſe !” - Edit. 1583. 


Gabriel Harvey deſired only to be c Epitaph d, the 
Inventor of the Engliſh Hexameter, and for a while 
every one would be halting on Roman feet; but the 
ridicule of our Fellow- Collegian Hall, in one of his 
Satires, and the reaſoning of Daniel, in his Defance 
of Rhyme againſt Campion, preſently reduced us to 
our original Gothic. 

But to come nearer the purpoſe, what will you 
ſay, if I can ſhew you, that Shakeſpeare, when, in 
the favourite phraſe, he had à Latin Poet in his 
Eye, moſt aſſuredly made uſe of a Tranſlation. 

Proſpero in the Tempeſt begi ns the er to: * 
attendant Spirits, 
ve Elves of Hills, of ſtanding Lakes, and Groves. 5 

This ſpeech, Dr. Warburton rightly obſerves to be 
| borpowed from Medea in Ovid: and © jt proves, ſays 


Mr, 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE 45 


Mr. Holt, * beyond contradiction, that Shakeſpeare 
was perfectly acquainted with the Sentiments of the 
Ancients on the Subject of mare e Ow 
original lines are theſe. | | 

« Aurzque, & venti, monteſque, ante; Wee 
Diüque omnes nemorum, diique omnes noctis adeſte.“ 
It happens however, that the tranſlation by Arthur 


Golding t is by no means literal, and Shakeſpeare bath 
cloſely followed it ; 


« Ye Ayres and Winds; Ye Elves of Hills, of Brookes, 
of Woods alone, 
Of Handling Lakes, and of the Night de ye everych 
one.“ 

I think it is unneceſſary to purſue this any fur- 
ther ; eſpecially as more powerful arguments await us, 

In the Merchant of Venice, the Jem, as an apology 
for his cruelty to Anthonio, rehearſes many Sympa- 
thies and Antipathies for which 10 reaſon can be ren- 
dered, ws 

« Some love not a «the Pig 

And others when a Bag pipe ſings Pth* noſe 

Cannot contain their urine for edin. 

In ſome Remarks on the Tempef?, publiſhed under 


the quaint Title of An attempte to reſcue that aun- 
ciente Engliſh Poet and Play-wrighte, Maiſter Williaume 
date; from the ma ny Errours; faulſely charged 
upon him 8 certaine preg angled Wittes,” Lond. 8vo. 
1749: p-.8 


t His Sk | is dedicated to the Earl of Leicgſter in 2 
long Epiſtle in verſe, from Berawicke, Apr, 20. 1567. 


This 


4 Ax ES SAT on THz , | 


This incident, Nr. #arburton ſuppoſes to be taken 
f rom a paſſage in Scaligers Exercitatians againſt Car- 
dan, . Narrabo tibi jocoſam Sympathiam Ræeguli, 
Vaſconis Equitis: Is dum viveret audito Phorgingis 
ſono, .urigam illico facere cogehatur.“ And, proceeds 
the Door, to make this jocular ſtory ſtill moxe ridi- 
culous, Shakeſpeare, 1 ſuppole, tranflated' Ph fins 
by Bagpipes. | 
Here we ſeem fairly caught; ; — for Scaliger? work 
was never, as the term goes, done into Engliſh. But 
Juckily in an old tranſlation from the French of Peter 
Le Loier, entitled, 4 treatiſe of Specters, or Hraunge 
Sights, Vifions and Apparitions appearing ſenſibly unto 
men, we have this identical Story from Scaliger: and 
what is ſtill more, a marginal. Nate gives us in all 
Probability the very fact alluded to, as well as'the 
word of Shakeſpeare, © Another Gentleman of this 
quality lived of late in Deuon neere Exceſter, who 
could not endure the playing on a Bagpipe- of ARS 
We may juſt add, as ſome obſervation hath been 
made upon it, that. IHeclion in the ſenſe of Snpatly was 


_ - » M. Bayle hath delineated the ſingular character of our 
Fantaſtical Author. His work was originally tranſlated by 
one Zacharie . My Edit. is in 4to. 1605. with an 
anonymous ation to the King: Ky T8 ad Story 


was therefore well known. in the time of Shake/peare.. _— 
The paſſage from Scaliger is FE e to be met with in 
The Optick Glaft of Humors, written, ae Nonb- 
well ; ne de ”_ 


formerly 


LSA RKNIAd or ShAkesFrant. 45 
formerly richnital ; and ſo uſed by Lord Baca, Sir 


Keith Digby, and many other Writers. 
A fingfe word in Queen Carhtrin#s Character of 


Wilſty, in Henry the Sth, is brought By the Doctor 
as another argument for the learning of Dar” 


— — He was a man. | 
Of an aba del Stomach, ever ranking 
Himſelf with Princes; one that by Suggeſtion 152 
174 all the kingdom. simony was fair play. 
His ou opinita Was his law, Pth* prefence 
He would ſay untruths; and be ever double 
Both in his words and meaning. nee | 
But where he meant to ruin; pitifuol. 
His promiſes were, as he then was, mighty? C 
But his performance, as he now is, noting ei 36(v 
Of his own body he was ill, _—_ gas 
The Clergy ill example.“ 2 


The word Sug reien, _ hs Critick; is here uſed | 
with great propriety; arid /etH#ing kiiwTedge of the" 
Latin tongue: and He pfbecetis th ſettle the ſeniſe of 
it from the late Run writer? an tr my. But 
Shateſpeare's kubwedge was froth Hulp eds, hom 
he follows verbatim: 

„This Cardinal tas "Y K PR domach . 86 
compted hitiſelf equal Wat prirces, and by traffic 
Suggetion got into bis Hands intivinerable treafilre : | 


he forced little on monie, and was not pitifull, and 
ſtood 


A TH) a es of Dt 


48 AN ESS AT ON THE 


ſtood affectionate in his own opinion: in open pre- 
ſence he would lie and ſeie untruth, and was double 
both in ſpeech and meaning: he would promiſe 
much and performe little: he was vicious of his 
bodie, and gaue the clergie euil example.“ Edit. 
1587. p. 922. EO Tre 
Perhaps after this quotation, you may not think, 
that Sir Thomas Hanmer, who reads Tyth'd — in- 
ſtead of Ty'd all the kingdom, deſerves quite ſo 
much of Dr. Warburton's ſeverity. — Indiſput- 
ably the paſſage, like every other in the Speech, 
is intended to expreſs the meaning of the parallel 
one in the Chronicle: it cannot therefore be credit- 
ed, that any man, when the Original was produced, 
ſhould till chuſe to defend a cant acceptation ; and 
inform us, perhaps, ſeriouſly, that in gaming language, 
from I know not what practice, to zye is to equal! A 
ſenſe of the word, as far as I have yet found, untnotun 
to our old Writers; and, if Anoꝛon, would not ſure- 
ly have been uſed in this place by our Author. 
But let us turn from conjecture to Shakeſpeare's 
authorities. Hall, from whom the above deſcription 
is copied by Holingſbed, is very explicit in the de- 
mands of the Cardinal: who having inſolently told 
the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, For ſothe I thinke, 
that halfe your ſubſtaunce were to litle,” aſſures them 
by way of comfort at the end of his harangue, that 


2 upon 


* 


IL AAN INGO of SHAKE ARE. 49 
upon an average the tythe fhould be ſufficient; © gers, 
ſpeake not to breake that thyng that is concluded, 
for /ome ſhal not paie the tenth parte, and me more.” 
— And again; * Thei (ied; the Cardinall by Viſi- 
tacions, makyng of Abbottes, probates of teſtamentes, 
graunting of faculties, licences, and other pollyngs 
in his Courtes legantines, had made his #Þ2afore 
egall with the kynges.” Edit. 1548. p. 138. and 143. 

e in his Why come ye not to Court, gives us, 

after 


x His Poems are printed with the title of Ricky, 
Pleaſaunt, and Profitable Workes of Maiſter Sell | 
Laureate.” — But, ſays Mr. Cibber, after None — other 
Writers, “how or by what Intereſt he was made Laureat 
or Whether it was a title he aſſumed to himſelf, cannot 
be determined. This is an error pretty generally 
received, and it may be worth our while to E ie. 

A facetious Author ſays ſomewhere, that « Pore bau 
reat, in the modern Idea, is 4 Gentleman, who hath an 
annual Stipend for reminding us of the Neu Nur, and 
the Birth-day : but formerly a Pot TRAY Ws 17 
Univerſity Graduate. 4 

« Skelton wore the Lawrell wrench 
And paſt in /chovls ye knoe.“ 

fays Churthyarde in the Poem prefix to his Wotks. And 
Maſter Cs in his Preface to The boke Enepubo, — 
hath a nde, — welt deſerves to be quoted with- 
out abridgment: 1 mayſter Jobn ee, lr 
created poete — in t e , to over- 
ſee and correcte thys ſayd booke, and is dreſſe oO - 
2 e Whereas ſhall be founde faulte, to theym tha 

all requyre it; for hym I knowe for 7 
E 5 Englyſshe every dyfficulte- that is therein; 

or he hath late tranſlated 8 epyſtles of Tulle, and the 


5 Ax ESSAT on TRR. 


after his rambling manner, a curious character of 
Wolſey: | 
cc By and by 
He will drynke us ſo dry 
And ſucke us ſo nye 
'That men ſhall ſcantly 
Haue penny or halpennye 
God ſaue hys noble grace 
And graunt him a place 
Endlefſe to dwel | ba.” 
With the deuill of hel SnA 
For and he were there 
Me nead neuer feare 


book of Dyodorus Syculus; and diverſe other workes, out 
of Latyn into Engliſabe, not in rude and old langage, but 
in polyſhed and ornate termes, craftely, as he that hath 
redde Vyrgyle, Ouyde, Tullye, and all the other noble poets 
and oratours, to me unknowen: and alſo he hath redde 
the 1x muſes, and underſtands their muſicalle ſcyences, 
and to whom of them eche ſcyence is appropred : I ſup- 
poſe he hath dronken of Elycons well!“ 

I find, from Mr. Baker's MSS. that our Laureat was 
admitted ad eundem at Cambridge: An. Dom. 1493. & 
Hen. 7. nono. Conceditur 905 Skelton Poete in partibus 
tranſmarinis atque Qzor. Laurea ornato, ut apud nos 
eadem decoraretur.” And afterward, An. 150 Conce- 
ditur Jobi Skelton, Poetæ Laureat. quod poſſit ſtare eodem 

radu hic, quo ſtetit Oxonzzs, & quod poſſit uti habitu 
bi conceſſo a Principe.“ | Aer $4 

See likewiſe Dr. Knight's Life of Colet. p. 122. And 
Recherches ſur les Poetes  couronnes, M. Þ Abbe ds 
Rejnel, in the Memoires deLitterature.. Vol, 10. Paris. to. 
1736. 5 


7 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE, 51 
Of the feendes blacke 
For I undertake © 
He wold fo brag and crake, TT 
That he wold than make | 
The deuils to quake bn 
To ſhudder and to ſhake 
Lyke a fier drake _ 
And with a cole rake... 
Bruſe them on a brake 
And binde them to a ſtake 
And ſet hel on fyre 
At his owne deſire 
He is ſuch a grym ſyre!' “? | - Edit. 1568. 


Mr. Upton and ſome other Criticks have thought 
it very: ſabolar- lite in Hamlet to ſwear the Centinels 
on a Sword: but this is for ever met with. For 
inſtance, in the Paſſus primus of Pierce Plowman, 

* Dauid in his daies dubbed knightes, 

And did hem fevere on her feverd to ſerue truth ever,” 


And in Hieronymo, the common Butt of our Author, 

and the Wits of the time, fays. Lorenzo to Pedringano, 

e Swear on this croſs, that what thou ſayſt is true 
But if I prove thee perjured and unjuſt, 

This very ſword, whereon thou took'ſt thine oath 
Shall be the. worker of thy Tragedy! „ r 

We have therefore no occaſion to go with Mr. Gar- 

rick as far as the French of Brantime to illuſtrate this 

G 2 ceremony: 


— 


52 Ax ESSAY on Tas + 
ceremony: y a Gentleman, who will be always allow- 
ed the fir Commentator on ee when he does 
not carry us beyond im 

Mr. Upton however, in the next place, produces a paſ- 
ſage from Henry the ſixth, whence he argues it to be very 
plain, that our Author had not only read Ciceros Qffices, 
but even more critically than many of the Editors: ö 

— This Villain here 

Being Captain of a Pinnace, threatens more 

Than Bargulus, the ſtrong Ihrian Pirate.“ | 

So the Vigbt, he obſerves with great euſtation, 
is named by Cicero in the Editions of Shakeſpeare's 
time, ©* Bargulus, Hyrius latro ;? tho' the mo- 
dern Editors have choſen to call him Bardylis . 
&« and thus T found it in it MSS,”” —— And thut he 
might have found it in 0 Tranflations, before Shake- 
ſpeare was born. Robert Whytinton, 1533, calls him, 
“ Bargulus,. a Pirate upon the fee of Miry;* and 
Nicholas Grimald, about twenty years afterward, 
&« Bargylus, the Myriam Robber.” = _ 

But it had been eaſy to have checked Mr. Tpton's 
exultation, by obſerying, that Bargulus does not ap- 
pear in the Quarto.— Which allo is the caſe with 

Y Mr. Fobnſon's Edit. V. 8. p. 171; 


z I have met with a Writer who tells ns, that a Tran. 


lan of the, es was printed by Caxton, in the year 
: but 5 dock never Je end "Ts 4 mites for for 


6 2 of olde age, by Fohn Tiptoft, Earl of mu 
& ome 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 53 


ſome fragments of Latin verſes, in the different Parts 
of this doubtful performance. 

It is ſcarcely worth mentioning, that two or three 
more Latin paſſages, which are met with in our Au- 
thor, are immediately tranſcribed from the Story ot 
Chronicle before him. Fhus in Henry the fifth, 
whoſe right to the kingdom of France is — 
demonſtrated by the Archbiſbop. = 

There is no bar 

To . againſt your Highneſs claim to France, 
But this which they produce from Pharomend : 

In terram Salicam mulieres ne ſuccedant; 

No Woman ſhall ſucceed in Salite land: 

Which Salike land the French unjuſtly gloze 

To be the realm of France, and Pharamond 

The founder of this law and female bar. 

Yet their own authors faithfully affirm, 

That the land Salle lies in Germany, 

Between the floods of Sala and of Ekve, &c.”* 
Archbiſhop Chichelie, ſays Holingſbad, & did much in- 
ueie againſt the ſurmiſed and falſe fained law Salila, 
which the Frenchmen alledge euer againſtthe kings of 
England in barre of their juſt title to the crowne of 
France. The very words of that ſuppoſed law are theſe, 
In terram Salicam mulieres ne fuccedant, that is to ſaie, 
Into the Selite land let not women ſueeeed; which 
the French gloſſers expound to be the realm of France, 
and that this law was made by King Pharamond : 

| whereas 


54̃ Ax ES SAV on THE 


whereas yet their one authors affirme, that the land 
Salike is in Germanie, between the rivers of Elbe * | 
* &.“ p. 545. _m 

It hath lately been n! from Mr. Guttries 
, Eſſay upon Engli/h Tragedy,” that the Portrait of 
Macbeth's Wife is copied from Buchanan, ** whoſe 
ſpirit, as well as words, is tranſlated into the Play 
of Shakeſpeare : and it had ſignified nothing to have 
pored only on Halingſbed for Fafis.” —— Animus 
etiam, per ſe ferox, prope quotidianis-conviciisuxoris 
(quz omnium conſiliorum ei erat conſcia)-ſtimula- 
batur,”— This is the whole, that Buchanan ſays of the 
Lady, and truly I fee no more ſpirit in the Scotch, 
than in the Zngi;/b Chronicler. The wordes of 
the three weird Siſters alſo greatly encouraged him 
{to the Murder of Duncan], but ſpecially his wife 
lay ſore upon him to attempt the thing, as ſhe that 
was very ambitious, brenning in unquenchable de- 
ſire to beare the name. of a A Edit, 1577. 
P. 244 
This part of Haliagſbed i is an Abridgment of 
Jobne Bellenden's tranſlation of the noble clerk, Hector 
Boece, imprinted at Edingburgb, in Fol. 1541. I will 
give the paſſage as it is found there. His wyfe im- 
pacient of lang tary (as all wemen ar) ſpecially quhare 
they ar deſirus of ony purpos, gaif hym gret artation 
to purſew the thrid weird, that ſche micht be ant 
| | quene, 


| LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 63 
quene, calland hym oft tymis ſebyl cowart and nocht 
deſyrus of honouris, ſen he durſt not aſfailze the thing 
with manheid and curage, quhilk is offerit to hym 
be beniuolence of fortoun. Howbeit ſindry otheris 
hes aſſailzeit fic thinges afore with maiſt terribyl 
jeopardyis, quhen thay had not ſic Gckernes to ſue- 
ceid in the end of thair laubouris as he had.“ p. 17 3. 

But we can demonſtrate, that Shakeſpeare had not 
the Story from Buchanan. According to him, the 

Weird-Siſters ſalute Macbeth, Una Anguſie Tha- 
num, altera Moraviæ, tertia Regem.” —— Thane of 
Angus, and of Murray, &c. but according to Holing- 
ſbed, immediately from Bellenden, as it ſtands in 
Shakeſpeare, ** The firſt of them ſpake and ſayde, 
All hayle Matbeth Thane of Glammis, the ſecond 
of them faid, Hayle Matbeth Thane of Coder; but 
the third ſayde, All ww mam mne 


ſhall be ling of Scotla ph YIS7 eg, 
« 1 Witch. All hail, 8a Hail to thee, Than 
of Glamis ! | 
2 Witch. All hail, an! Hail to thee; Thane of 
| Ca -a 
ln. All > hail, Muthirh / that Dale be | King 
| | hereafter !?* - eg 


e too our Poet found the equivocal PrediQions, 
on which his Hero ſo fatally depended. © He had 
men of certain wyfards, how that he ought to 

take 


% 


56 ] Ax ESSAY or THE: | 
take heede of Jfacdyffe ; —— and ſurely hereupon had 
he put Macduffe to death, but a certaine witch whom 
he had in great truſt, had tolde, that he ſhould neuer 
be ſlain with man borne of any Woman, nor vanquiſhed 
till the Wood of Bernane came to the Caſtell of Dun- 
finane;”” p. 244. And the Scene between Malcolm 
and Macduff in the fourth 28 is almoſt literally taken 
from the Chronicle. 

Macbeth was certainly ons of Sete lateſt 
Productions, and it might poſfibly have beer: ſug- 
veſted to him by a little performante on the ſite 
ſubje& at Oxford, before King James, 1605. I will 
tranſcribe my notice of it from Nah s Rex Platonjets:. 
e Fabulæ anſam dedit antiqua de Regis profapis 
hiſtoriola apud geote- Hritunnos celebrata, quæ narrat 
tres om Sibylls oceurriſſe quobus Soli procetibus, 
Machttho & Banehini; & Alum prædixiſſe Regem fir 
turum, ſed Regem hullum genituram ; hune Regein 
non futurum; ſeit Reges geniturum multos. Vatici- 
nii veritatem rerum eventus eomprobavit. Banchonis 
enim & ſtirpe Poteritiffinius uaabuſ ori utidus p. 29. 

A ſtronger argument hath been brought from the 
Plot of Hamlet. Dr. City and Mr. Whatly hire 
us, that for this, Shakeſpeare muff have read Saxo Gram 
muiicus in Latin, for ns trünflatieri hath beer ge 
into any modern Language. But the trüch is, ue 
did not take it from Saxo at all; à Novel called this” 

* 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE 57 
Hyſorie of Hamblet was his original; a fragment of 
which, in þlack' Letter, I have been favoured with 
by a very curious and intelligent Gentleman, to 
whom the lovers of Shakeſpeare will ſome time F 
other owe great obligations. _ 

It hath indeed been ſaid, that Ir 1 if ex- 
un, it is almoſt jmpoſü dle that any poet unacquainted 
with the Latin language (ſuppoſing his perceptive 
faculties to have been ever ſo acute) could have caught 
the characteriſtical madneſs of Hamlet, deſeribed by 
Saxo Grammaticus, à ſo happily as it is delineated by 
Shakeſpeare.” 

Very luckily, our Fragment gives us a part of 
Hamlet's Speech to his Mother, which ſufficiently re- 
plies to this obſervation. © It was not without cauſe, 
and juſte occaſion, that my geſtures, countenances 
and words ſceme to proceed from a madman, and 
that I deſire to baue all men eſteeme mee wholy de- 
priued of ſence and reaſonable underſtanding, bycauſe 
I am well aſſured, that he that hath made no con- 
ſcience to kill his qmne brother, (accuſtomed to mur- 
thers, and allured with deſire of gouernement with- 


x © Palfitatis enim (Hamlethus) alienus haberi cupidus, 
ita aſtutiam veriloquio permiſcebat, ut nec dictis veraci- 


tas deeſſet, nec modus verorum judicio prode 
retur.” This is == as it had ken a ene . in Mr. 
Guthrie's Eſſay s Mee, . a ſmall variation fron 


the Original. See Edit. * 1644. P- 50. 
| out 


— 


* 
—— 


38 Ax ESSAY ON THE 
out controll in his treaſons) will not ſpare to faue 
himſelfe with the like erueltie, in the blood, and fleſh 
of the loyns of his brother, by him maſſacred: and 
therefore it is better for ns to fayne madneſſe then 
to uſe my right ſences as nature hath beſtowed them 
upon me, The bright ſhining clearnes therof I am 
forced to hide vnder this ſhadow of diſſimulation, as 
the ſun doth hir beams vnder ſome great cloud, when 
the wether in ſummer time ouercaſteth : the face 'of 
a mad man, ſerueth to couer my gallant countenance, 
and the geſtures of a'fool are fit for me, to the end 
that guiding my ſelf wiſely therin I may preferue my 
life for the Danes and the memory of my late deceaſed 
father, for that the deſire of reuenging his death is 
ſo ingrauen in my heart, that if I dye not ſhortly, I 
hope to take ſuch and ſo great vengeance, that theſe 
+ Countryes ſhall for euer ſpeake thereof. Neuerthe- 
leſſe I muſt ſtay the time, meanes, and occaſion, leſt 
by making ouer great haſt, I be now the cauſe of 
of mine owne fodaine ruine and overthrow, and by 
that meanes, end, before I beginne to effect my hearts 
deſire : hee that hath to doe with a wicked, diſtoyall, 
cruell, and diſeourteous man, muſt vſe craft, and po- 
litike inuentions, ſuch as a fine witte can beſt imagine, 
not to diſcouer his interpriſe: for ſeeing that by force 
I cannot effect my deſire, reaſon alloweth me by dil- 


ſimulation, ſabtiltie, and ſeeret practiſes to proceed 
therein.“ 
But 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARY. 59. 


But to put the matter out of all queſtion, my com- 
municative Friend above-mentioned, Mr. Capell, (for 
why ſhould I not give myſelf the credit of his name?) 
hath been fortunate enough to procure from the Col- 
leon of the Duke of Newcafle,, a complete Copy of 
the Hyſtorie of Hamblet, which proves to be à tranſla- 
tion from the French of Belleforeſt; and he tells me, 
that all the chief incidents of the Play, and all the 
capital Characters are there in embryo, after a rude 
and barbarous manner: ſentiments indeed there are 
none, that Sha#eſpeare could borrow ; nor any ex- 
preſſion but one, which is, where Hamlet kills Pelonius 
behind the arras; in doing which he is made. to cry 
out, as in the Play, a rat, a rat! 80 much 
for Saxo Grammaticus !,, 1 18g: ein ni neun gui ON 

It .is, ſcarcely conpdanble.: how indy{tiouſly, the 
puritanical Zeal of the. laſt age exerted itſelf in de- 
ſtroying, amongſt better things, the innocent amuſe- 

ments of the former. Numberleſs Tabs, and, Poems 

are alluded to in old Books, which are now pethapg 
no where to be found. Mr. Capell informs me, (and 
he] is in theſe matters, the. moſt able of all men to 
give, information) that our Author appears to, have 
been beholden to ſome Novels, Which he hath, yet 

only ſeen in French or Italian: :. but he adds, “ to ſay 
ey are not in ſome Engl o dreſs, proſaie or metrical 
duc perhaps with N nearer to his my 

2 ene 


60 An ESSAYT or tur tt 
is what 1 will not take upon irie to do: nor indted 
is it What I believe; but rather the contrary, and that 
time and — vill bring ſome of them to light, 
if not all. 

VV. Paititer, at the coneluſion of the ſecond fond 
of his Palact of Pleaſure, 1567, advertiſer the Reader, 
« bicauſe ſodaynly (contraty to  expeftation) this 
Volume is riſen to greater heape of leaues; 1 doe 
omit for this preſent time ſundry Nouels of m̃ery de- 
viſe, reſeruing the ſame to be joyned with the feſt 
of an other part, wherein ſhall ſucceede the remnant 
of Bandello, ſpecially futch (ſuffrable) as the learned 

man Frangois de Billeforre}t bath ſelected, and 
the choyſeſt done in the align, Soine alſo out of 
Erizzd, Ser Giouannti' Florentino, Paraboſes, Cynthio, 
Strafurile, Sanſouino, and the beſt liked out of the 
Queene of Nanarre, ind other Authors. Take theſe 
in good part, with thoſe that haue and ſhall come 
forth. Hut Lam not able to find, that a"third 
Tomt was ever publiſhed : and it is very probable, 
that the Intereſt of his Bookſellers, and more eſpe- 
cially the prevailing Mode of the time, might lead 
him afterward to print his ſundry Novels ſeparitely, 
If this were the caſe, it is no wonder, that ſuch u- 
gitive Pieces are recovered. with difficulty; when the 
two Tomes, which Tom.” Rawlinſon would have called 
fuſe Volumina, are almoſt d annihilated, Mr, Amt, 
who 


LAX NN e gr SHAKEEsftans Ot 


who ſeatched after books of this fort with the at- 


moſt avidity, moſt certainly had not ſeen them, 


when he publiſhed his Typograpbical Antignities a u 


appears from his blunders about them: and poſſibly 
I myſelf might have remained in the ſame predica- 
ment, had I not been favoured with X Copy n 
generous Friend, Mr. Larrrt. 

Mr. Ceiman, in the Pfefice to nis . Tranſla- 
tion of Terence, hath offered ſome arguments for the 
Learning of Shaleſpeafe, whieh have been retailed 
with much confidence, ſince the n of _= 
Johnſon's Editions _ 500 


« Beſides the e een, of particylas, 9 
ſcattered up and down in different plays, it is well 


known, thit the Comedy of Errors is in great meaſure 
founded on the Menechmi of Plautus z but I do not 


recollect &ver to have ſeen. it obſerved, that the dit, 


\ 


f 


( 


guiſe of the Pedant in the Taming of the Shrews. and 


Bis aſſuming the name and character of Vincentio, 
ſeem to be evidently taken from the diſguiſe. of the 
n in the De * ſaid Author 3b and 

thete 


* This e of Mr. 1 is jo quoted by his very 
ingenious 9 e, Mr. Thornton, in his Tranſlation of 
this Play: rther remarks, in another part of it, 


that a lager in 1 and Julier, where Shakz/peare ſpeaks 


of the contradi diam in the nature of Lowe, is very much ia 

the manner of his Author:: = 
33 Amor — mores dininuitmotos/& moroſos efſcit. 

| Minus 


„ 


* 


63, Av ESSAYon ys .. » 


there is a quotation from the Eunuch of 7 erence alſo, 
fo fawiliarly introduced into the Dialogue of the 
$4977 „ 


Taming 
Minus placet quod Hadett, quod diſuadetur placet, 
Quom mopia'lt, 2 r bref tum non 
„ eise e. | 
Which he tranſlates with eaſe and elegance, 
_ e Love makes a man a — . 
Hard to eas d. W ou'd perſu; * 5 
He likes — and 3 from which  . 
Vou would diſſuade him. What there is a lack of, 
That will he covet; — when'tis'in his power, v. 
He'll none on't.” ' oF 3. Scene 3. 
Let us now turn to the paſſage i in Shale 
« 0 brawling Love! O loving be {= 
O 2 lightneſs ! ſerious vanity whos oh, 
Miſ-ſhapen Chaos of well-ſee wing forms! y 
Feather of lead, bright ſmoke, cold fire, ſiek health 
Still-waking Sleep! "hat is not what it is“? 
Shakeſpeare, I am ſure, in the opinion of Mr. Thornton, 
did not want a Plaatus to teach him the workings of Na- 
ture; nor are his Faralleiiſns produced with any Auch im- 
Plication ; but, I ſuppoſe, a peculiarity appears here in 
the manner of expreſſion, which however was ex- 
tremely the humour of the Age, Every Senetteer cha- 
racteriſes Love by en We A . l his 
Canzone, . aal 5 7 
Love is a ſowxe delig b a griefe 
A living death, an ꝑuer- dying life, c.“ . 
Tur hervith makes Reaſon ey againſt it in the " I 
manners,” © 115 13.0952 WIEN" 2 | 
A fierie Froſt, a — Se is with Ie bs 
A heavie Burden light oba a Vertue fraught with 


| | Vice! &c, To Noni 697. 203 guat 

Immediately from the — of the Rec. FT, ab 
Loue it is an hatefull pfees 
oo fon, e without reles - vin 


An 


* 
<) 
Leanninc, OF . 63 


Taming of the Shrew, that I think it puts the age 
of Shakeſpeare's having read the Roman Comick Pocts 
in the original language out of all doubt, A eid 
Redime te captum, quam queas, minimo. 7s 

With reſpe& to reſemb lances, I ſhall not trouble 
you any further. That the Comedy. of Errors is 
founded on the Menæchmi, it is hotorlous: nor is it 
leſs ſo, that a Tranſlation of it by W. W. perhaps 
William Marner, the Author of Albions England, Was 
extant in the time of Wahre © tho” Mr: 1e 


6 E Kab. 

A wicked wawe . to weare z AD ae 
And health full of maladie b de 138. 
And charitie full of env ieee zl 5 14 

2 laughter that is weping aie e 
; elt that trauaileth night and daie, eren gan 
Thi ina of Antithefss was very much the taſte of the 
Prevengal and Italian Poets; perhaps it might be hinted 


by the Ode of Sapphe preſerved. by N py abt 15 
full of ie, 1 a i If. 10 4097 


Pace non ro7%e, 5 abe br wheres) 
Et temo, & ſpero, & ardo, & ſon un * 
Et volo ſopra l cielo, ef monde in terra, 
Et nulla wy tuttol mondo abbraccio. c. 
© Bonetto 10 
Sir Thomas ar ves a 4 of this Sonnet; with - 
out any notice epi the Original, under the title of ** De- 
ſcription of the contrarious paſſions in a Louer.“ A- 
mongſt the 3 and Sonertes, by the Earle of Surrey, 
and Others. 1 
Alt was pub bine! in to. 1595. The printer of ker 
un. p. 524 hath accidently given the n 1515. 
So 


64 AN ESS AT ON TEE 
and ſome other advocates for his learning, have cau- 
tiouſly dropt the mention of jt, Beſides this, (if in- 
deed it were different) in the Gefa Groyorum, the 
Chriſtmas Revels of the Gray's- Inn Gentlemen, 1594, 
<« a Comedy of Errors like to Plautus his Menechmus 
was played by the Players.” And the ſame hath been 
ſuſpected to be the Subject of the goodlie Comedie of 
Plautus ated at Greemwich before the King and Queen 
in 1520 ; as we learn from Hall and | Heling/bed : 
Riccoboni highly compliments the Egli on opening 
their ſtage ſo well; but unfortunately, Cavendi/> in 
his Life of Wolſey, calls it, an excellent Interlude in 
Latine. About the ſame time it was exhibited in Ger- 
mon at'Nuremburgh, by the/ celebrated Henſſich the | 
Shoemaker. © 

<< But a character in the Taming of the Anis 
borrowed from the NE and no mt, i 
that was extant.” . 

Mr. Colman indeed hath been better employ d: br 
if he had met with an old Comedy, called Suppo/es, 
tranſlated from Ariofts by George Gaſcoigne, d he cer- 

tain] 
which hath been, co copied N licitly by Gilden, Te, 


Cooke, and ſeveral o arner is now oft forgot- 
ten, yet the old Criticks 2 him one of our chic 
heroical Makers,” — Meres informs us, that he had h 
him termed of the beſt wits of both our Univerſities, . 
Engliſh Homer. 
4 His works were firſt c ine 2 the fingular mY 


of © A hundreth TR lowres bounde up in one 
Poeſie. 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE, 65 

tainly would not have appealed. to Plautits,. Thence 
Shakeſpeare borrowed this part of the Plot, (as well as 
ſome of the phraſeology) though Theobald prononnces , 
it his on invention: there like wiſe he found the quaint 

name of Petruchia. My young Maſter, and his Man 

exchange habits and characters, and perſuade 4 
Scenæiſt, as he is called, to perſonate the Fatber, ex- 
actly as in the Taming of. the Shrew, by the pretend - 

ed danger of his coming from Sienna to fame con- 
trary to the order of the government. 

Still, Sbateſprure quotes a line from the Bunch of | 
Terente : by memory too, and what is more, pur- 
poſely alters it, in order to bring the ſenſe within 
the compaſs of one line.” —— This remark was pre- 
vious to Mr. Johnſan's; or indiſputably it would not 
have been made at all. ö Our Author had this 
line from Lilly; which I mention that it may not be 
brought as an argument of his learning 

But how, - cries an unprovoked — can 
you take upon you to ſay, that he had it from Lily, 


Poke, Gathered partly (by tranflation) in the fyne ad. 
a landifh Gardins Far hide, Onid, Perrarte, Arioſto, and 

others; and partly by inuention, out of our owne fruitefull 
Orchardes.1 England: : yelding ſundrie ſweete ſauours of 
Tragical, 55 and Morall Diſcourſes, bothe plea- 
ſaunt and profitable to the well ſmellyng noſes of [exrhc® 


Readers.” a ot Letter. 4˙⁰. no date. U 
1 5 "74> 


ed) 1 A142 4 AA UZ 40 0 A111A40 
68 7 1 Are ESSAV on en en 


and not 26th Te erence 71 vill anſwer for Mr Ws 
11 ho 1 is abave anſwering. for himſelf. _ Pee 
18 quoted as it appears in the Crammarian, and not 
28 it appe pears 0 Poet. —And thus we. have, done 
with the þ Purpeſed alteration. . Udall likewiſe in bis 
9e Floures ; for Latin dealing, gathered. oute of Terence, 
] 560, reduces the page to a 08's line, an d ſub- 
Joins > Tranſlation. . ; ftommls 9900 26% 
We have hitherto ſappoled Shakefbeare the Author 
of the Ta aming of the Shrew, but his, Property in it is 
ert diſputable. 1 will give you my ppinion, 
the 1 — on which, i it is founded. 1 uppofe 
bei reſent Play not originally the ork, of Shake- 
tg by him to the Stage, with the 
ion e the be, and ſome other occa- 
55 vil 1 pe Ian of ents; - eſpecially i in the Character of 


ly k Tris is very 8 that the Inductian and 
| 


$3444 £,2> 


Unten wt a great intetval of ase : the former is in 
gut Acer, tälfter, and abe greater part of tho 
latter in his wont, or even below it. Dr. Hanbarton 
declares it to be  tertajnly ſpurious: and withqut flouht, 
"Juppofing it to have been written by Sleek, it 
muſt have been one of his carligſt productions; yet 
It is not WT in che Lit o of his W orks $ by, Myr 
ha 1308. 1 2 TU WA; K tO uy 1 UI W Gn 


V. r Review of Dr. _ Edit of Qale- 
"ow 1705. 8v0Q. p. 105. I 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 67 


I have met with a facetious piece of Sir Jobs — 
ringtan, inted in 1596, (and poſſib 
an ear an why The Meta x 5 BY | 
where I ſuſpe& an alluſion to the old Play 1 1 72 


the books of Taming a Shrew. which hath mz de 0 
number of u us ſo perfect, that 8 every 5 de Un ru Ms 


a Shrew 1 in our Countrey, fave. be that 

Wy, am aware, a modern Linguiſt may obje TY that th 
word Bat does not at prefent ſeem lit Be 4 
was once almoſt technically ſo: Goſſon i in his Schoole 
of Abufe. , contayning a pleafaunt inuechite 1505 
Pets, Piper 74, Ployers,, F efters, and ſuch "like Co 
beef Commonwealth, 1579: mentions cc 7 — . 


proſe Boote Plaied at the Bel Yaugge ; 15 0 Hearn 


2 


tells us in a Note at the end o 0 1 liam Ti oreef 5 

that he bad ſeen 3 a VIS. ep ati Ire ofa, or u- 

terlude, intitled, the Boo e pf Sy ir T homgs a f 

3 12108 is 5 
I Know indeed, 0 there 1 2 va! 8 


Us pes 
in black Letter, to whiciOIS t have Veit gs 
Jobn Harrington ogy on 10 e of 0 the Da 
Covery as A xeww One 1 

| ot of his Country Pie! my nn 1a py Par 
inthe old Bard will not-Bo thought Aber At the end wo 
by gy, TOW of Leland n 1 x47) +, We ar Bane 27 8 

at 1 


arne with a Macar x oem on a B 
fr been the Scholes che © eaten; on a ine 


of yada bong Metin eid do 900 255d 56d Ni 
N ee aulzs Gche/ rae arr MT. geminantes,” 


entator very gravely remar arks : 
7 ge "oh oy Son "of a 2 ut & "Codice Rawlinſe- 
BOLEDET ALS eto wine8] dA OH any” 


, — = 
" : 1 
9 21 1 4 7 (1 a * . & © # - * 4 5 S 
* * * : 


* "An ESSAY ON TRE 


And in fact, there is ſuch r 
Mr. Pope's Liſt. A pleaſant conceited Hiſtory, 
called, M Taming of a Shrew — ſundry times acted 
by the Earl of Pembroke his Servants,” Which ſeems 
to have been republiſhed by the Remains of that Com- 
pany in 1607, when Sha#eſpeare's copy appeared at 
the Blatk=Friars or the Globe, — Nor let this ſeem 
derogatory from the character of our Poet. There is 
no reaſon to believe, that he wanted to claim the 
Play as his own; it was not even printed till ſome 
nano edidi. Eo nempe modo quo et olim N Bonſon dixerunt 

ro delle of « Whore.” Exempla habemus cum alibi tum in 


1 Bl. Fg & antiquo (inter x Conlices & Se(genia- 


nos in Bibl ) 2 4 inſcribitur ; lapped in 
Morbir Shyn : _—_ of 4 oe bi page A 
he: * 9 s 
hey wreſtled togyther thus they two | 
0 ks Joo the gabe aſunder went. 
* to ground he threwe her tho, 


That clean from the backe her ſmock he rent, 
"In every hand a rod he gate, 3 
And layd upon her a right good pace; 
ale of her what Sous was that, 
ſhe cried out, Horeſen, alas, alas.“ 


e now in this ſeller ſo deepe, 
yes Morels ſkin there ſhall you ſee: _ 
With man : rod that hath made me to wi 
When t the blood ranne downe faſt by my 
The Mother 9251 beheld, and cryed out, g "Is 
And ran out of the ſeller as ſhe had been 27 
dhe came to the table where the company was, 


And fayd out, Horyfen, Twill fee thy harte load.” 
year 4 


Et pa 


«5; 
* 
# 2 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE, 69 
years after his death: but he merely revived it on 
his Stage as a Manager. — Nauenſcroſt aſſures us, 
that this was really the caſe with Titus Audromicus; 
which, it may be obſerved, hath not | Shakeſpeare's 
name on the Title-page of the only Edition-publiſh- 
ed in his life · time. Indeed, from every internal mark, 
J have nat the leaſt doubt but this harrible Piece was 
originally written by the Author 'of the Lines thrown 
into the mouth of the Player in Hamit, and of the 
Tragedy of Lacrine : which likewiſe from ſome affiſt- 
- ance perhaps given to his Friend, 2 
ly and ignorantly charged upon Shakgſhegre. - 

But the Peet-anchar holds faſt ; Shakeſpeare hiniſelf 
hath left ſome Tranſlations from Ovid. The Epiſtles, 
ſays One, of Paris and Helen give a ſufficient proof 
of his acquaintance. with that poet; and it may be 
concluded, ſays Another, that he was a competent 
judge of other Authors, who wrote in As fame lan- 
guage. 

This hath been the univerſal ery; frm Mr. Pope 
himſelf to the Criticks of yeſterday. Poſſibly, how- 


ever, the Gentlemen will heſitate a moment, if we 
tell them, that Shakeſpeare was not the Author of 
theſe Tranflations. Let them turn to a forgotten 
book, by Thomas Heywood, called Britaines Troy, 
printed by V. Jaggard in 1609, Fel. and they 
ku find theſe identical Epiſtles, 5. which. being ſa 
| pertinent 


70 Ax ESSAY ov Tae 


pertinent to ur Hiſtorie, ſays Heywood, I thought 
neceffarie to tranſlate.” How then came they aſcri 


ed 10 ShakrſÞbbre? We will tell thiem that likewiſe, 
The ſame voluminous Writer publiſhed an Apology 
Vor ler, 466. 24612, and in an Appendix directed 

to his new Printer We Ot; he accuſes his « d One, | 


Faggard! of taking thEtw6 Epiſtles of Paris to 10 
and Tri t6Paris, and printing them in 3 Tels, v 
lame under the name of Another - 1 but be 224 02 0 
offended with Maſter Jaggard, that altog ether, un- 
&knowne t6' Him! he had preſumed to We ſo o bold 
with his Name.” i s In the fame work of Heyw 1000 A 
all the other Tranſlations,” which have been A 
in the modern Editions of t the Poems of Shale pearg. 
Vou nos Hop pe for Tand ; We have ſeen t 08 
ttle matters Viki what muſt be done with a whole 


book? —In 1751, Was reprinted ** A compendious 
or bri ele exam mation of certayne ordinary complaints 
of diners: af our Countrymen in theſe our days: 
hich" -althiough' they are" in" fome parte unjuſt; and 
 frivoloys,,, yet are they all. by way of Dialogue 


E It may ſebin little matter of wonder, that the 152 


Shaheſheare ſhould be borrowed for th he benefit of of 


| fear ; and b e bably $5 A per 12 a 
Spe of Fahy all, t: 7 ce Es 


14 . tranſlated 8 255 Ton 4 p 
re dern untr1 eatt the don 
-"Mayſker” Thomas Sterkbold.” + MAR SOR 5 
Ju £40101 8 I N. 5 
1 : 97 1 ** A £5 14 7 344 833 e 


- 4 "X. ” "x" , wy ae £ , * 92 * 
44 Fs 411806 7 135472 WW « — ha AIMS So 45 + ' & 65 22 
; S ; bh) b 


au T H A221 HA 


Ex ANG of SHAKES AKE. 10 


F 5 . 


throughly, debated, and diſcuſſed by Halliaw bels 
Hecre, Gentleman,” „Gre, :vonimuloy mel f. 
This extraordinary piece was originally ce 


in 470, 1587, and dedicated by, the Author, o 
the moſt vertuous and learned Lady, his moſt deare 


and ſoyerai wy. Princeſſe, Elizabeth; being inforped 
by her. Maj ies !. late and ſingular Ee He 


55 the modern Editers, to. the late King z a5 . 
eatiſe . by t the moſt extenfya pf fertile 
Genius, t Ever any ae or err * 
fleie we join iſſue ee e WW Writers .of het, excel 
lent, ſho! very unequal \ work, the, Brograph 77 Bri- 
Lanzica Ah b if, fay they, his piece — | be Mitten by 
| '» botniagot 26W, ec nl — ohr 
1 muſt ke $ 
—_ FE ones Bt > * 8 RP 
1 jp 1 *. from * dale pondence of out 
lald, Al, Abs of i it Ds 1 WH e 
the G emme Liberala was eck! . 0 
7 A A. Arigfs's 


mance pe of all N 
e fat i 18 not 8 95 N 0 e ie 4% an 


m er in reference 19 
NV * inform x us, 5 
Uunpe 11 55 ae 7 Bio- 


1 erfectly, in 0 ops 1 
ons, 


grapher, | ar 1h ave me Wh 
E edfniz his date for i We U ack 1 
ho in the 


hat Ballet is accoùntable ee 

fugemen s des Savans, Tom. 3. p. In Os V5 no Edi- 
previous to the 4to. Venice, 1583. 

"Net 1s a queſtion of long ſtandin : g, whether a part of the 


Fairy 


. 


\ 3 Ans YO OK in TER 
72 A ESSAx 9 NN gat 
our Pes k would be abſolutely deciſive in che git 
pute about bis learning ; for many quotations ap- 
pear it it ſtbm the Greet arid Latin Claſſick. 
- The coneurring eircumſtanees of the Name, and the 
AMiſdemunor, which is ſuppoſed to be the old Story 
of Drer-ftraling, ſeem fairly to challenge our Poet 
for the Author: but they heſitate His' claint may 
appear to be confuted by the date 1581, when Shale 
Jptare” was only Seventeen, and the Jorg expeticnce;! 


rw” 
; 


8 
Fairy bath been 4%, or FN the w x as 
Fai Sos which may bg, be anſwere 77 8 2 
quotatien. William eres publiſhedd ſome Porn 


1616, under the name of Britamia's Paſtorals, *< Ho. 
ebay lays. Mood, to written in a ſublime ſtrain 
for ſub bje& amorous very pleaſin in one of hich 
Hanf 2 She Fri he thus (Þ aks'of Senf penſer © © f 
Jt bs org s 70 a land 0 
In lines gait, of fi ch command, 50 
e . phi . halfe ſo wal, 
| not left Eurydire in he ab 4 2747 
But 1 ended , Sam 9 
An hoſt of Angels flew the clouds 9 + 3 0G 
And rapt this Swanyfromhs attentive ms, 
To make him one of; .aflociates  . 
In heauens faire Quire: "Where 3 he ſi the pile 
Of Rim that is the Nu Luft of Dayes.” 
It appears, that Browne was intimate with 2 
ann, and Selden, by their poems prefixed-to his/Book:z 
e had therefore 2 opportunities of being acqu ua 
with the fact abovementioned. Many of his Poems ge- 
main in MS; We have in our Library at Eumamnel a 
Maſque of his, preſented at the Inner Temple, Jan. 13. 
1614. The ſubjc& is the FR of Ulyes and Circe. 


which 


LYARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. 72 


which the Writer talks of. — But I will not keep you 
in ſuſpenſe : the book was not written by Shakeſpeare. 
Strype, in his Annals, calls the Author sour 
learnad Man, and this gave me the firſt ſuſpicion,” I 
knew very well, that honeſt John (to uſe the lan- 
guage of Sir Thomas Bedi) did not waſte his time 
with ſuch baggage books as Plays and _ Poems z yer I 
muſt ſuppoſe, that he had heard of the name of Shake- 
Heure. Aſter a while I met with the original Edi- 
tion. Here in the Title-page, and at the end of the 
Dedication, appear only the Initials, W. S. Gent. 
and preſently I was informed by Anthony Wood, that 
the book in queſtion was written, not by J#7llian 
Shakeſpeare, but by William Stafford, Gentleman: i 
which at once accounted for the Miſdemaandur in the 
Dedication. For $tafford had been concerned at that 
time, and was indeed afterward, as Camden and the 
other Annaliſts inform us, with ſome of the conſpi- 
rators againſt Elizabeth ; Which he property * 
his «nduetifull behaviour. 
I hope by this time, that any One open to con- 
viction may be nearly ſatisfied ; and I'will promiſe 
to give you on this head very little more trouble. 
1 Fafti. 2d Edit. V. I. 208. — It will be ſeen on turn- 
ing to the former Edition, that the latter pat of the Pa- 
1 to another S!aford. — I have fince ob- 


| ood is not the firſt, who hath given us the 
true LEY the —__ 7 


h The 


mf Ax ESSAV on THY 


The juſtly celebrated Mr. Marion hath deat 
us, in his Liſe of Dr. Bathurfl, with ſome hearſay 
particulars concerning Shete/peare from the papers of 
Aubrey, which had been in the hands of Mond; and 
I ought not to ſuppreſs them, as the 72/7. ſeems: to 
make againſt my doctrine. They came originally, I 
find, on conſulting the MS. from one Mr. Regen: 
and I am ſure Mr, Marion, whom I have the honour 
to call my Friend, and an Aſſociate in the Min 
will be in no pain 23 their credit. 

#6 William Shakeſpeare's Father was a Butcher, - — 
while he was a Boy he exerciſed his Father's trade, 
but when he killed a Calf, he would do it in a high 
fiile, and make à ſpeech, This Milliam being in- 
clined naturally to Poetry and Acting, came to Lon- 
don, I gueſs, about eighteen, and was an Actor in one 
of the Playhouſes, and did act exceedingly well. He 
began 2arly to make Eſſays i in dramatique Poetry. — 
The humour of the Conffable in the Midſummer Ni ght's 
Dream he happen d to take at Crendon * in Bucks. —1 

k 
„e oy W th hen 
Index; nor, it might have been added, in the Gf and 


the laſt —— of this ſort, Sede Tables, and What- 


P's Gazetteer ; 2 however, it may be meant un- 
er the name of Cranden; — but the inquiry is of no ini- 


ae. — It ſhould,” I think, be written Credendon ; 
tho” better Antiq uaries than TOY: have acquicked i in the 
e corruption. 

| think, 


, 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE, 73 
think, I have been told, that he left near three hun- 
dred pounds to a Siſter. — He underſtood Latin pretty 
well, Ton he had been in his younger yeares a Schoolmaſter: 
in the Country. 

I will be ſhort in my animadrerſions and take 
them i in their order. 

The account of the Trade a the Family is not 
only contrary to alt other Tradition, but, as it may 
ſeem, to the inſtrument from the Herald's office, ſa 
frequently reprinted. — Shakeſpeare. moſt certainly 
went to London, and commenced Actor thro” neceſ, 
ſity, not natural inclination, — Nor have we any rea» 
fon to ſuppoſe, that he did act exceedingly well. Rows 
tells us from the information of Better ien, who was 
inquiſitive into this point, and had very early op- 
portunities of Inquiry from Sir IW. Divenant, 
he was no extraordinary Aer; and that the . 
his performance was the Ghoſt in his own Hamlet. 
Yet this Chef d Otuure did not pleaſe : 1 will give 
you an original ſtroke at it. Dr. Lidge, who was for 
ever peſtering the town with Pamphlets, publiſhed 
in the year 1596, Wits miſerie,, and the Worlds mad- 
neſſe, diſcrueritg the Devils incarnat of this Age. 4to. 
One of | theſe” Devils is Hate-virtue, or Sorrow 
for another mans goed fuccgſſe, who, ſays the Doctor, 
is * faul lubber, and looks as pale as the . 

K 2 —- ard 


ES SA Ten tHe 7 
fard of the 65), which eried ſo miſerably at the 
Theatre, like an Oiſter-wife, Hamlet revenge?” Thus 
mY ſee MF: "Flr fappoled proof, in the Appendix 
the late Edidion, that Hanlet was written after 
1697, or perhaps 1602, will by no means hold good; 
whatever might be the cale.of the part icular paſſage 
bn which it is founded.” A Nen 1800 ted) at £9185 if 
Wer docs i appear, thif ef gtr, did begin rl 
to make Eſſays in Dramatique Poetry 0 the Arraignr 
anent of Pari, 1584, which hath fo often been ſcribed 
o bim on the creditof Kirtman and gd: : 
vritten ne George. Pele; and eee — 


woch Aae ef Spree d Gyr Arcaibe; th. 


black Ltd, recommends his Friend, Peele, e ds the 
chiefe fu r ofipleaſance now living, the Aittes of 


"Poetric,.. 0 u int Perborum artifex + whoſe firſt in- 
-creaſe; the Arraignment of, Paris, might plead: to their 
ris vG arg anoruige bas ; 

2's - 1 Theſe people, who were the Curls of the la age, bf. 
eribe likewiſe toour Authorthoſe miſerable Per boy Ha 
1 and the Merry Den] of Edmonton. 
m Mr, Pope aſſerts Phe troublefome Raigne of Kisg 
Jus: in 2 parts,” 1677 th haye been — 1 

and Rowley : — which Edition is a mere of 
other in Blatt Leier, 155 r. But I find his aſſertion , is 


ee be doubted : for the old Edition hath no 

| of Author at all; and that of uy the Initials 
only W. $þ. in the Title-page, „ 9 1 FC I» 

s opinions 


Lz A n. 


varletie of invention,%\n Stu *. 10% 0 as « o4lil 11 


hh ». Charter VC ihe Mile 


hugh 2 Character 38.9 C 

1 blod enger or! 8 

: ny tele ſeems to co have be ELLIS U SG aber 
the Earl of Nort e R es 
dicates in that = * The Hons 7 78 
Gratulatgrie - 8 * of ling. « fon LE 18 v1 


name. med, 


g * 


3 5 4 or e 
pen mts eee always hath been, - Rok 
conſequently obſc da hard 
TN Do oY ef] them to eir e 22 rage 
4 — kw ft our 1. Pe — br yd A l. 
4 Hb 8 in Aa cl Pamphley 
Chemie — 9 a 2 curious mn Bi — 4 


Feelk, wow? one Maſter Hit Marie f relative. to a 


— by Ben. a — 11 never 155 e For ry 
| com more A 


üb 0e 6488 l 


„when Med ll de not be fa 7 
abe den thy friendę. Mall, that. be ſo 4 
—— the e of A Ang a 
ragedye, bon converfytlons mamifold, 
paſſed be them, and _ gyven * Wi 
outhyng that 2 did hat take this talk 
85 ſorte; . fa a ae oth ſtryfe 
wyth wittielie"fayin deth no contep- 


tione : you ſtole — . doubte do not warvel: 
I du not ſeene hym acte tymes out nn — 
bin ig pretended. to be printed. from on 

dated 600 ; which agrees well gn with Waed's Cle- 

_ ruit2i hut unluckily, Prelꝭ Was dead at leaſt ay 7a be- 

fore. As: Hrnacreon died. Lk the Pots: fays eres, 10 
Me Peele by the Pox, Wit uin. 1598. p. 2 86, 
1149 Night's 


758 An ESSAY on Tue © * 
Night's Dream : nor was the three hundred __ 


geaey to a Siſter, but a Daughter, 


And to cloſe the whole, it is not poſſible, aqui: 
ws to Aubrey himſelf that Shakeſpeare could * 
been ſome years a Schoolmaſler in the Country, 
which cireumſtanee only the ſuppoſition of his * 
ing is profeſſedly founded. He was not ſurely very 
young, when he was employed to till Calves, and — 
commenced Player about Eighteen ! The truth is 
that he left his Father, for a Wife, a year ſooner ; *. 
had at leaſt two Children born at Stratford before he 
retired from thenceto London. It is therefore ſufficient- 
ly clear, that poor Aut hom had too much reaſon for his 
character of Aubrey: You will find it in his own Ac- 
count of his Life, publiſhed by Hearne, which 1 
would earneſtly recommend to any Hypochondriack; 

A pretender to Antiquities, roving, magotie- 
headed, and ſometimes little better than eraſed: and 
being exceedingly credulous, would ſtuff his many 
Letters ſent to A. W. with folliries and miſinforma- 
tions.“ p. 577. . 

Thus much for the Lewing of Shakeſpeare with 
reſpect to the ancient languages: indulge me with 
an obſervation or two on his ſuppoſed knowledge of 
the modern ones, and I will promiſe to releaſe you. - 

| te Tt is evident, we have been told, that he was 
not unacquainted with the 7talian :” but let us in- 


ire into the Evidence. 
| M Certainly 


LI AANINO or SHAKESPEARE, 59 
in the Works of Shakeſpeare j yet if we had nothing 
elſe to obſerve, their Orthagraphy might lead us to 
ſuſpect them to be not of the Mitt importation. 
But we can go further, aud prove this. 
When Piſlal * chears up himſelf with ends of 
verſe,“ he is only a copy of Hanniball Gonſaga, who 
ranted on yielding himſelf a Priſoner toan Eng Cap- 
tain in the Low Countrigs, as you may read in an old 
Collection of Tales, called Wits, Fits, and" Fancies, o 
Si Fortuna metormenta,' oo IO 

Il fperanza me contenta. ani meu 
And Sir Richard Hawkins, in his Voyage to the South- 
Sea, 1593, throws out the fame. Jogling Diſtich on 
the loſs of his Pinnac e. 
<< Maſter Page, fit; good Maſter Page," fit ; Pra- 
face. What you want in ment, we'll have in drink,” 
 fays Juſtice 8hallow's"'Fat' ga Davy, in the 2d 
Part of Henry the rn. 7 
Preface, Sir 'Thomas' Hanmer Werder to be Halan 
from profaccia, much good may it do you... Mr. Johnſon 
Per thinks it a miſtake _ N Bly Thomas 


\ *By.o one 7 1 Colo, 4to. beck 8 it fs to 

ad man tions: haps the laſt was in 1614. 
E firſt pines of this AT have niet with, was 
printed by T. Beribelu, the? not mention d by Amer 


called, 25 Tales, and nick anſ) 
| pleaſant to rede.“ 4to. n o Cate. IO Ray my 
+ 


however 


51 Tia! 


*. 
a 


8% Ax ESS AVT on THe - © 


however is right; yet it is no e Au- 
thor's Iialian knowledge. 

Old Heywoed, the Epigrammatf addreſs his 
Readers long before, 

1 Readers, reade ae — a 

Much AD it you, r 

4 Moores. Lond, 400. 1562. 
And Bolts in his Play; If it be not good, - the» Diuel 
in it, (which is certainly true, ſor it is fall of 
Devils) makes Shackle-ſoule, in the character of Friar 
Ruſh, tempt his Brethren with ** choice of diſhes” 
To which proface 3' with blythe lookes fit yee;” 
Nor hath it eſcaped the quibbling manner of the 
Mater put, in the title of a Poem prefixed tp his 
Praiſe o Hempſeed, « A Preamble, Preatrot, Pręa - 
gallop, * Preapace, or Preface; and Profate, ny 
Maſters, if your Stomacks ſerve,”  *' ” 

But the Editors are not contented without coining 
Lalian. * Rive, ſays the Drunkard,” is an Expreſſion 
of the madcap prince of Wales ; z Which Sir Thomas 
Hammtr corrects to Ribi, Drink away, or again, as 
it ſhould rather be tranſlated, Dr. Farburton accedes 
to this; and Mr. Jobnſan hath admitted it into his 
Text; but with an obſervation, that Rive might 
| poſſibly be the cant of Engli/þ Taverns. And ſo in- 
deed it was: it occurs frequently in Marſton. Take 
K Wo from his LI" of What yuu will; 4657 


N 


"EF : ; . - f 
*. 2 #* £ _ 1 \ 1 - 27 © WI * 
= - * > * 45 ® —_ „ 


oa 


I. AAV ING oF SUR kinn Of 
#07)" bt Maſicke,” Tobacco, Sacke, and Sleepe; 
The Tide of Sorrow backward kee? ee 
If diou art fad at others fate, etch d 0 
Riwvo, drink deep, give- care the Mate rea 
In Loves Labour lot, Boyet calls Don Hrmuda, 
A Spar tar keeps har in Dow, 
To K Phantaſme, a Monarcho,” — 
Here too Sir Thomas is willing to palm Ade upon 
us. We ſhould read, it. ſeeme, Mammuccio, a Mam 
met, ox Puppet: Ital. Mammuccia. Bas ane aluo 
is to a fantaſtical Charaiier of the time. <, Popular 
applauſe, ſays. Meres, dooth nouriſh, ſome, neither 
do, they. gape after any other things but Vaige praiſe 
and glorie, — as in our age Peter Shakerly be. of Pa 
and MoxARcHO that lived about the Coane” p. 1 17 
* fancy, you vil be en 8 
ſtance. W e 
1 &* Bagcare, 1 ou are marye e 
remis to ee in the Tarting;of 4h 2 Ty 
„Hut not fo forward; fays Mr, Theobald, 2. LAT 
Editors are indolent. This i 18 a ſtupid 0 rruption of 
the. preſs, that none of then, have dived into. We 
muſt. read Baccalare, as. Mr. Warburton, acutely ob- 
ſerved to me, by which the /ta/zans mean, Thou ig- 
norant, preſumptuous Man,” — <* Properly indeed, 
adds Mr. Heath, a graduated Scholar, but ironically 
and arcaſtically, a pretender _to Scholarſhip.” -. b 
Thie. is admitted by the Editors and Cri nicks "of 
L every 


2 T 


% 27 AWESSAY on vin © 
everyDengmination, Vet the word is neither Fil, 
nor Haliar: it whs an old proverbial one, uſed fre- 
quenti by b Heywuod; who hath made, what he 
pleaſts to 1641p Bpiprams upon it. 
Tabs te bf them, duch as they are, 
eee, goth Rrinen 46 his Ss 
Went that Som Bari at ror cr ede de 
< Backare, quoth Mortimer\tor bis-fow fe) 
- » Mertingr; ſaw ſpeakth av good Latin as he.. 
Hows! takes. this from Hiywead, in his Oli Sutoes and 
Haages : and Philpot ingrocuees it into * Proverbs 
collefted by Camden. 213 ,19d80 
We have but few ann n Shuke- 


* Knowledge of the Spaniþ tongue. Dr. Gro 
indoed/is Willing to ſuppoſe, that the Plot of Romeo 
and Fulict may be borrowed from 2 COMET 
of Lobes de Vega. But the Spaniard, who was cer- 
tainly doquainted with Bunde ib, hath not only changed 
the Cataſtegphe, but the names of the Characters. 
Neither Ramea nor Julias neither Montague nor Ca- 
pulet appeatg in this performance: arid how tame 
they to the knowledge of Shateſpeere ? — Nothing is 
more certain, than that he ehiefly followed the Tratif- 
der lation by Painter from the Ps of Bei i/feau, arid hence 0 
atiſe the Deviations from'BandellYs e 


l 212 


. 44844 780 » S017 YI! 11577 x9 


g 4 > So 8 
Pp Itis is 2 cog phy "that 2. Fan, tho! in 04] I 
, is moſt commonly a the Countie in W 

130 & ** 


LEARNING, QE;SHAKESPRARE. By 


It ſeems. however from a paſſage. in A Typogra- 
phical Antiquities, that Painter was not the only 
Tranſlator of this popular Story and iv ds poſſible 
therefore, that Sh aleſpear⸗ might have other aſſiſt anco. 
In the Induction to the, Taming e dle Sbrsiu, the 
Tinker attempts to talk Saniib and deu y the 
Author himſelf was acquainted with it:; 109 - 
% Pautus pallalrim les che World ſlide, b. - 
But this is 4 burleſque on Hierumymo ; the piece of 
Bombaſt, that I have mentioned ee eee ; 


| SBakipeart Mens to KVC preferred, for Gen reafon ot 
other, the Italian Conte to our Cant (- perhaps he 
it from the old Engliſh, Novel, from 4 
„ N ſo; Il 


hy taken his Plot, — - He certa in 
r ä 


there firſt filed 4 B, wa! 
So ne word however ih e quent) y mitt 1 pith tn other 
e Fg N. rk 
* e en Flak! 
t in a mari hill, fy ads 
"hn trieth waies and'y 1a a aſa ford.” Kogan 
To bring the Ki, c e 4.55 4 6 0h 


; ar'd the Coun 750 
< e, ſays 185 22 Aoi ane Joe 
AIG eaſe, (26rd 1 the, ſame time 
age are ſurpriſing. ou Roe is 
Wen by a cofrefpondent line 


80 0 
in the fene pave of this charactes 


is extremely true; but the * not quite ſo; In the 
z Wa of Tais and Fairfax do not be 


lf. fa all, 
A1 1s i rendered 


1 the f * n Fan AT 1 
L eil A Wende Af lin " nome: tom er kW 
de, L 2 * What 


. AN ESS ANT on TR .; 

| 14 What-new device have they deviſed. t: 
1 Pocas pallabras, &c.— oo 'f $74 
Mis. Eat) tells way; « the Author of thts 
hath the happineſs to be at this time unknown, the 
remembrance. of him having/periſhed with himſelf ;” 
_ Philips and others aſcribe it to one Mfllium Smith ; 
but I take this opportunity of informing him, that it 
was written by Thomas Ryd; if he will accept the 
authority of his Contemporary, Heese, 3 1 

More hath been ſaid concerning Stakeſprart's a0. 
quaintance with the French language. In the Play of! 
Henry the Hl, we have a whole Scene i in it; and! in 
other places it occurs familiarly i in the Dialogue. 2 

We maß obſerve in general, that the early Edt. 
tions have Tot half the quantity; and every ſentence, 
or rather every word moſt. ridiculouſly blundered. 
Thele, for ſeveral reaſons, could not poſſibly be'pub-' 
e we Aubert 1 and i it 4s Femme probable, 


lun as that 
writer on WITEY hath expreſſed his aſto- 
A 2 wr his author was not 2 to ſecure: 


his Fame 575 4 correct Edition of his performances, This 
matter is. not underſtood. When a Poet was connected 
with a particular Pla Playhouſe, he conſtantly fold his Works, 
to the Company, it was their intereſt to keep them 
from a number of Rivals. A favourite Piece, as 

informs us, only got into print, when it was copied 5 
the ear, for a double ſale would bring on a ſupicion of | 
honeſtie.” Sbaleſpeare therefore himſelf abliſh fog. 


a 10 Drama : When he * the Stage, his THR 


LEARNING OF-SHAKESPEARE, BOS 


that the French ribaldry was at firſt inſerted by & dif- 
ferent hand, as the many additions moſt certainly 
were aſter he had 9 _ Stage. indeed, every 

af oi en qed friend 


malen with his ne Heminge and Condell 5 
who at their own retirement, about ſeven years after the 
death of the Author, gave the world — Edition now. 
known by the name of the rf? Folio; and call the pre- 

vious A * ſtolne and ſurreptitious, maimed 
and deformed by the frauds and ſtealths of injurious im- 
poſtors.” But zhis was printed from the Playhouſe Copies; 

which in a ſeries of Fenn had been frequently altered 
thro? convenience, caprice, or ignorance. We have a 
ſufficient inſtance of the liberties taken e rg 
in an old pamphlet, by Naß, _— — *. Stu 2 


with the"Prayſe of the red Herring, 4 II — 
s 7 


aſſures us, that in a Play of his, 4 
eee acta, without bly conſent, * the leaſt ae e 
his drift or ſcope, were ſupplied by the Players 203 
re however was not his firſt quarrel wit them! In 
e Epiſtle prefixed to Greene's Arcadia, which I have 
before, Tom. hath a laſh at ſome ** yaine glorious 
Pac and very plainly at She. in particu- 
lar; which will ſerve for an anſwer to an obſervation of 
Mr. Pope, that had almoſt bee forgotten: It was 
thought a praiſe to Shakeeae;*that he [earce ever lar 
ted a line : — I believe the common opinion of his want 
of learning proceeded from fis better grbund. This too 
might be thought a praiſe by ſome. But hear Na, 
who was far from praifing: a Tleave all theſe to the mer- 
cy of their Mother-tongue,' that feed on nought but the 
crums that fall from the Tranflator*s trencher . That 
could ſcarcely Latinize their neck verſe if mould 
— neede, yet Enghſþ Storen read by Candlelight yeelds 
y good ſentences —— hee will affoord you KB 


fl, 1 ould: "fay, Handful: ef tragicall 


bonism — 


8 . AN ESSAT on THE 


friend to his memory will not eaſily believe, that he 
was acquainted with the Scene between Catharine 
and the old Gentletuomam; or ſurely he would nat 
have admitted ſuch obſcenity and nonſenſe, 

Mr. Hawkins, in the Appendix to. Mr. . Jobnſor's 
Edition, bath an ingenious obſeryation to Wer 
that Shale pearo, ſuppoſing the French to be be his, had 
very little knowledge of the language. 

« ER-if impoſſible ꝰ eſchapper la force de ton a 
ſays a Frenchman. — © Bruſt, eur? replies Phan 
— | cannot determine exactly when this Epiſtle was „ n 

A, bat," J neh, it Wild arty the origirtal Hines 


ſomewhat farthex back than we have hitherto. done: 
2 may be obſerved, that the oldeſt Copy now extant 
to 


be Entarged to Ameſt as much againe as it 

was,” 3 — — at the end of the year 592, 
m” * Foun 2 Sonnetts, eſpecially touch- 
W We; in one of which his Arcadia is men- 

'” Wow Naſr Epic mul baue been 9 to 


ED as Gabriel is quoted in ĩt with applauſe ; and the 
Foure Letters were the beg gioning of a quarrel. Nas re- 
es of the intercepting certaine 


lied, in 1 Stran Burg 
tters, and a of Verſes, as they were going 
Cat nv de! Countries, 1593. Harvey re- 
joined the ſame year in Pierer's Supererogation, or a 
new praiſe of the old Afſſe.” And Nafs in“ Have 
with you to Saffron-walden,, or Gabriell 's hunt is 
up; n 10 the eldeſt Sonns of the 
n 1596.” 119 
e cal „Vs our trae Ea % Areting : and. be 

| I Kickfoy Nin ſe, on a Come-twangs even 
8 es an oath << by ſweet Satyricke Naſb bis une. 
Hle died before 1606, as appears vx ibaa ger. 
called, The return from r., 5 * _ 
; mok 


18 


LEARNING or SHAKESPEARE. 87 


* Alnioſt any one knows, that the F rench ward 
— is pronounced Brau; and what reſemblance of 
ſound does this bear to Bra? — 5 


imb 2 rok 


Mr. Johnſon makes a doubt, whether the pro- 
nunciation of the. French language, way not be 
changed, fince Shakeſpeare's time, . if not, lays, be, 
it may be ſuſpected that ſome. other man wrote the 


French ſcenes :” but this does not appear to be the 
caſe, at leaſt in this tertnination, from the rules of 
the Grammarians, or the practice of the Poets, I 
am certain of the former from the French Aibhabeth 
of De la Mathe, r and the Orthocpis Gallitd"of Jobn 
Eliot 30 and of the latter from the Rhymes of, Mart, 
Rotjard, and Du Bartas. = Cormections of this kind 
were very common. 'Shateſprar: kimſaf alſiteg Ben. 


Farſan, ini. his Sejanus, as it was, originally written; 
and Fletcher in his Two nobli "Kinfmen. tre Ut "_ 


But what if the Fronth ſcene. were occationally i in- 
ee * Play on this 8abje@? Kr. noef 


-21 r _ — 9 ani at 1 
* * 1598: 650. 6 Ni 1 an $412 bene 
Lond. 15 12 | amb is r the only wvitly Gi 
mariah, "are" ave had the fortune to meet with. In 
his Epiſtle refatory to the Gentle Doors of Gault, be 
cries out for perſecution, very like "Fac in that moſt 
poighans of Satires, the Tal: of a Tub, „I pray yon he 
i quickly to eaulll at my boote, 1 ch you 
heartity calumniate my 'doings with ſpeede, I requeſt you 
6 dontroll my method as ſoone as * e L car- 


neſtly entreat you hiſſe at iny inventions, & 
dam“ 


haps 


88 Ax ESSAY own TAE 
haps there were more than one before our Poet's, 
In Pierce Penileſſe his Supplication to the Diuell, 4to. 
1592. (which, it ſeems, from the Epiſtleto the Printer, 
was not the firſt Edition, ) the Author, Na/b, exclaims, 
C What a glorious thing it is to have Henry the fifth 
repreſented on the Stage leading the French King 
priſoner, and forcing both him and the Dolphin to 
ſweare fealty !” — And it appears from the Jeſts of 
the famous Comedian, Tarlton, 4to. 1611. that he 
had been particularly celebrated in the Part of the 
Clown in Henry the fifth ; but no ſuch Character 
exiſts in the Play of Shakeſpeare. Henry the 
fixth hath ever been doubted; and a paſſage in 
the above-quoted piece of Naſh may give us rea- 
fon to believe, it was previous to our Author. 
© How would it haue joyed braue Talbot (the 
terror of the French) to thinke that after he had lyen 
two hundred yeare in his Toomb, he ſhould triumph 
again on the Stage; and haue his bones new em- 
balmed with the teares of ten thouſand ſpectators at 
leaſt (at ſeuerall times) who in the Tragedian that 
repreſents his perſon, imagine they behold him freſh 
bleeding.” I have no doubt but Henry the fixth 
had the ſame Author with Edward the third, which 
hath been recovered to the world in Mr. * Canes 
Proluſions. 

It hath been obſerved, that the Giant of Rabelais 
is 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE, 89 


is ſometimes alluded to by Shakeſpeare: and in his 
time no tranſlation was extant, — But the Story was 
in every one's hand. 

In a Letter by one L aides, or Langham, for hd 
name is written differently, * concerning the Enter- 
tainment at Killingwoorth Caſtle, printed 1 57 5, we 
have a liſt of the vulgar Romances of the age, * King 
Arburg book, Huom of Burdeaus, Friar Rows, Howle- 

glg, and GarcanTvaA. Meres® mentions him as 
2 hurtful to young minds with the Four Sons 
s W and the Seven e And Jahn Taylor 


1 0 wo is indeed bf n no prone but I ſuſp ect * . 
mer to be right, as I find it Corrupted afterward to n 
. 

u This Author by a pleaſant miſtake in ſome ſenſible 

jectures on Shalefieare? lately printed at Oxford, is quot - 
ed by the name of Maier. Perhaps the Title-page was 
imperfect; it runs thus “ Palladis Tamia, 'Wits Trea- 
fury. Being the ſecond part of Wits Common-wealth, 
By Francis Meres Maiſter of Artes of both Univerſities.” 

1 am glad out of gratitude to this man, who hath been 
of frequent ſervice to me, that I am enabled to perfect 
Mod t account of him; from the affiftance of our Mafter's 
very accurate Liſt of Graduates, which it would- do 
honour to the Univerſity to print at ublick re 
and the kind information of a Friend rom the Regiſter 
of his Parifh : = He was of Pembrote-Hall, 
B. A. . 574 and M. A. 1591 t 1602 he became 

ing in Rutland ; and Hed thete: 1646, in the 


7 year of N Age. 


3 ® hath 


96 AN ESSAYT on THE , 
hath him likewiſe in his catalogue of Authors, pre- 
fixed to Sir Gregory Nonſence. x mw 
But to come to a concluſion, I will give you an 
irrefragable argument, that Shakeſpeare' did not un- 
derſtand tt˙ very common words in the French and 
Latin languages. WK, n 
According to the Articles of agreement between 
the Conqueror Henry and the King of France, the 
latter was to ſtile the former, (in the corrected French 
of the modern Editions,) © Noſtre tres cher filz 
Henry Roy d' Angleterre; and in Latin, Preclariſſimus 
Filius, &c.“ What, ſays Dr. Warburton, is tres cher 
in French, preclariſſimus in Latin! we ſhould read 
precariſſimus. — This appears to be exceedingly true z 
but how came the blunder? it is a typographical one 
_.x I have quoted many pieces of Jobn Taylor, but it was 
impoſſible to give their original dates. He may be traced 
as an Author for more than half a Century. His Works 
were collected in Folio, 1630. but many were printed 
afterward; I will mention one for the Humour of the 
Title.“ Drinke and welcome, or the famous Hiſtory of 
the moſt part of Drinkes in uſe in Greate Britain and Jre- 
land; with an eſpecial Declaration of the Potency, Ver- 
tue, and Operation of our Eng; Ale: with a deſcription 
of all ſorts of Waters, from the Ocean Sea to the Tears of. 
a Woman. 4to. 1633.” —— In Wits Merriment, or Lu 
Drellery, 1656. we have an Epitaph on John Taylor, 
who was born in the City of .Glocefer, and died in Phan 
ix Alley, in the 75 yeare of his age; you may find him, 
if the worms have not devoured him, in Covent. Garden 
Church-yard.” p. 130. He died about two years before. 


5 _- 


LEARNING OF SHAKESPEARE. Of 
in Holingſbed, which Shakeſpeare copied; but muſt in- 
diſputably have corrected, had he been ac quainted 
with the languages. — ** Our faid F ather, 90 ring, his 
life, ſhall'name, call, and write us in French in this 
maner: Noſtre tres chier filz, Henry Roy d Eng lrerre 
and in Zatine in this maner, Precariſ mus filius 
noſter,” Edit 1587. p. 574. 

To corroborate this inſtance, let me obſerve to 
you, though it be nothing further to the purpoſe, 
that another error of the ſame kind hath been the 
ſource of a miſtake in an hiſtorical paſſage of our 
Author; ; which hath ridiculouſly troubled the Criticks, 

"Richard the third y harangues his army before the 


Batile of Boſworth, BE TIP 
Remember 


7 Some i 25 hath heen made for the firſt Performers 
of the Spire Characters in'Shake/peare. © 
We learn, that Burbage, the alter Roſcins of 0 amden, 
was the original Richard, from a paſſage in the Poems of 
Biſhop Corbet; who introduces his Hoſt at Boſworth de- 
riding the Battle,. 
«© But when he would have ſaid king Richard died, 
And call'd a Horſe, @ Horſe, he Burbage cried.“ 
3 Pla on this ſybje& mentioned by Sir John Har- 
ngton in his Apologie for Poetrie, 1591, and ſometimes 
iftaken for Shake/peare*s, was a Latin one, written by 
Pr. Legge; and atted at Sr. Jobn', in our Univerſity, 
"ſome years before 1588, the date of the Copy in the 
Mum. This appears from a better MS. in our Library 
at Emmanuel, with the names of the original Performers. 
It is evident from a ee in Camden's Annals, that 
there was an old Play likewiſe on the ſubject of ag” 
| | the 


9 A ESSAY ON Tu 


n Remember whom ye are to cope with, 


A fort of vagabonds, of raſeals, runaways - 
And who doth lead them but a paltry fell. 


8 in Britaine at our Mother”s coſt, 
C A malkſop, &c.·— N 
rar. Mother,“ Mr. Thechald perceives to | be 
wrong, and Henry was ſomewhere ſecreted on the 
Continent: he reads therefore, and all the Editors 
| after him, 


Long kept in Bretagne at his mother! s col,“ 5 
But give me leave to tranſcribe a few more lines 


from Haling/hed, and you will find at once, that 
Shakeſpeare had been there before me: —— Ve ſee 
further, how a companie of traitors, theeves, out- 
laws/and. runnagates be aiders and partakers of his 
feat and enterpriſe. — And to begin with the erle of 
Richmond captaine of this rebellion, he is a Welſh 


milkſop — brought up by my Meether”s meanes and 
mine, like a captiye in a cloſe cage in the court of 
Francis duke of Britaine.“ p. 756. 


Holingſbed copies this verbatim from his Brother 
Chronicler Hall, Edit, I 548. fal. 54. but his Printer 


the Babes but 1 know: not in what language. Sir Ge 

Merrict, who was concerned in the harebrained, buſineſs 
of the Earl of - Eſſex,” and was hanged for it with the in- 

genious Cuff in 1601, is accuſed amongſt other things, 

+ quod exoletam Trageediam de-tragica abdicatione e. 


is Ricardi ſecundi in publico e coram 3: han 
WF, dark penny 481 curaſſet. d dne 
bath 


LEARNING. OF, SHAKESPEARE, 93 


bath given us by accident the word. Aaothen inſtead 


of Brother ; as it is in the G and neee 
in Shakeſpeare. 7 1% bn. 


I hope, my good Friend, you n bh this time 
acquitted our great Poet of all piratical depredations 
on the Ancients, and are ready to receiye my Cun- 
cluſſon. = He remembered perhaps enough of his 
ſchool- bey learning to put the Hig, bag, bag, into the 
mouth of Sir Hugh Evans; and might pick up in 

the Writers of the _ 4 or the courſe of his con- 


: yerſation 


I cannot take my leave of H lug ſbed without — 
- a difficulty, which hath — his oy. 
' Nicholſon and other Writers have /uppo/ed him a C 
Tanner es further, and tells us, that he was « of (/2 por 
ee e, and actually took the Degree of M. A. in 


= berg 5 y his Will, printed by Hearne, 
f chat at the end © ife he was only a Steward, or a Ser- 
want in ſome ca 2 or other, 2 Thomas Burdit Eſq; 


of Bromcote in re. — Theſe go Dr. Camp- 


bell could not 1 ve no claim 
to the education of the Ge "As N. A. in 1544s 


- was not Raphael, but one Ori weli Holing ſhed, who was 


afterward named by the . 5 of f — 
of Tho College. 


Aſccbam in the E iſtle desired to his 7 Blas, 1 I, 
— + obſerves of them, that 60 e Exgliſbe — — u 1 

ſtraunge wordes, as Larrine, Frenche, and Italian, do | 
all thinges darke and harde. Ones, ſays he, I communed 

with a man which reaſoned the Englifbe _ ue to be en- 

_ = "Hiened and encreaſed thereby, ſayin ho will not 

bk L — 

wyne, ale, and beere ? Truly (quoth. I) * be 


94 Ax ESSAY on TAE 
verſation a familiar phraſe or two of French or Ithlien + , 
but his Studizs were moſt demonſtratively confined 
to Nature and his own Language. © 
In the courſe of this diſquiſition, you have often 
ſmiled at * all ſuch reading, as was never read: 
and poſſibly I may have indulged it too far: but it is 
the reading neceſſary for a Comment on Sha#s/peare. 
'Thoſe who apply ſolely to the Ancients for tiüs pur- 
pole, may with equal wiſdom ſtudy. the TAL Mun 
for an Expoſition of Taxis TRAM SHAnDY.” Nothing 
hut an intimate acquaintance with the Writers of 
the time, who are frequently of no other value, can ; 
point out his alluſions, and aſcertain his Phraſeology, 
The Reformers of his Text are for ever equally po- 
Ktive, and equally wrong. The Cant of the Age, a 
provincial Expreſſion, an obſcure Proverb,” an obſo- 
lete Cuſtom, a Hint at a Perſon or a Fact no longer 
remembered, hath continually defeated the beſt of 
our Gueſſers : You muſt not ſuppoſe me to ſpeak at 
random, when I aſſure you, that from ſome forgot- 
ten book or other, I can demonſtrate this to you in 


many hundred Places; and I almoſt wiſb, that! 


had not been perſuaded into a different Employment, 


al —__. euery one taken by himſelfe alone, but if you 
put Malmeſye, and ſacke, redde 1 white, ale 
and beere, and al in one pot, you make a drinke 

neither, eaſye 40 be e rr nor yet W for the 


bodye. 
Fo Je. * Tho? 


LE AANIN GOT SHAKESPEARE, 94 
Tho' I have as much of the Natale. Solum about 
me, as any man whatſoever ; yet, I own, the Prin- 
roſe Path is ſtill more pleaſing than the rh or the: 
Watling Street : | 

Age cannot wither it, nor cuſtom _ | 

| It's infinite variety. An * 

And when I am fairly rid of the Duſt of topogra- , 
phical Antiquity, which hath continued much longer 
about me than I expected; you may very probably 
be troubled again with the ever fruitful Subject of 
SHAKESPEARE and his COMMENT ATORS. 


F INI S7 


5 — N 2 


D . 


— 22222 — 


* - - 
wp 


- 
. 
— 
v 
" 
— 
U 
+4 
„ 
— 
- 
” 
: 
t 4 IIS 
* 
* | + % 


* 
- * s 
, 
* 4 
= 
s 4 
% 
a. = * 
a 
* 
ov : - as, 
- * 4/4 
K 
't _—y 
0 . 
# 
3 
- 
13 
. 
n 0 
44 1 
I *,- „ 
131 
„ 
- * 


e 


> 


vl 


- 
4 w » 
4. 
* + * * 
F + -v 
- . 
3 
= 
* 
— — 
* 
. » * 
A 
BET IE 
* wet» —* 
= * of 
= = 
* * 
- : 


- 
* 
. 
1 
q 
„ 
. 
- * 
* 
* wh 
- * * 
* + * 
"_ k — 2 
. 
* 
< a * a 
wn p WAY + 
* Drin *. 
- Sw 8. > gr 1 
S .” 
* * 4 8 
* — . 
\ 64 _ 
- a 2 * 
* „ 
— is „ of VP 
1 
' * 
_— = - LEES 
*%. * + 4 * 
2 
„„ <Adi eta 22 
FR . „ „„ 
1 "LAS 
* * o 
+ C * 


— 0 — 


* 2 


—_ 


- = 
1» WH wy 


_ * * „„ 
„ „„ 
3 


- 


pre 7 Fo 


Ä 


* we 
4 - 
= 
* 
„ 
4 * 
- 
oy 
. . 
- 
- 
” 
, . 
* 
. 
” 
. 
- 
* 
= 
= 
: 
= 
* 
. 
= 
Ms 
, 
* = 
. 
- 
« , i 
P + '&* 
* 2 
- 
. 
*S 
& - + . 
* L 
= 
* 
* N ; 
"I" ",. 4%. * 
= N 
= 
1 s 
$ cr 0 & * » -% 
— * . "hs 
s 
ap * A wo, . 
bei wn e e * g 
89 1 9 * 72 
& » 
- * 6 "> 
ein' A = 
* * „ 
_— * x "Pp 3 Fg 
"_— 2 yrs id 8 
Ca a www * 
rw: ono —_— A "A + 
A hs —7 * * 
* a4 +: yo ae ®.o £ \ 
wy 14% + » ww Www » * ». 3 \ 
wy Tt ws *r 7 
93 - A” - 
* " * Py 
* 9 3 — 


