
STOP 



Early Journal Content on JSTOR, Free to Anyone in the World 

This article is one of nearly 500,000 scholarly works digitized and made freely available to everyone in 
the world byJSTOR. 

Known as the Early Journal Content, this set of works include research articles, news, letters, and other 
writings published in more than 200 of the oldest leading academic journals. The works date from the 
mid-seventeenth to the early twentieth centuries. 

We encourage people to read and share the Early Journal Content openly and to tell others that this 
resource exists. People may post this content online or redistribute in any way for non-commercial 
purposes. 

Read more about Early Journal Content at http://about.istor.org/participate-istor/individuals/early- 
journal-content . 



JSTOR is a digital library of academic journals, books, and primary source objects. JSTOR helps people 
discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content through a powerful research and teaching 
platform, and preserves this content for future generations. JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit 
organization that also includes Ithaka S+R and Portico. For more information about JSTOR, please 
contact support@jstor.org. 



THE GARDEN lO-DOUBLE FALSEHOOD PROBLEM 

I 

Among the plays attributed to Shakspere on unsubstantial 
grounds, Double Falsehood, published by Lewis Theobald in 1728, 
has a peculiar claim to interest because of attempts to identify it 
with a non-extant drama called " The History of Cardenio by Mr. 
Fletcher and Shakespeare." The latter was entered on the Sta- 
tioners' Register for Humphrey Moseley in 1653, but was probably 
acted about 1613.' Theobald declared that the former was "revised 
and adapted" from an original written by Shakspere. Since the 
plot of Double Falsehood is taken from the story of Cardenio in Don 
Quixote through Shelton's translation, and it is naturally supposed 
that the lost History of Cardenio was derived from the same source, 
there seems a reasonable probability that Theobald had old manu- 
scripts in his possession as he claimed, and that one of these was 
recorded for Moseley in 1653. 

The great difficulty in the way of anyone who would prove or 
disprove Theobald's assertion arises from his confessed revising and 
adapting to the needs of the eighteenth-century stage. We do not 
know to what extent he altered the original, but if he really had an 
old play to begin with, there is probably so much of his own work in 
it as it now stands that internal evidences of authorship must be 
partial and unsatisfactory at best. On the other hand, because of the 
sale of Theobald's library after his death, it is likely that such manu- 
scripts — if he really had them— were lost. So external evidence, 
also, seems to be of little value. Many of the scholars who have 
investigated the problem, however, are of the opinion that Double 
Falsehood is not entirely Theobald's work, even if it is not, as he 
claimed, by Shakspere. 

> "Probably identical with a Cardenno acted at court by tlie King's men in May, 
1613, and a Cardenna in June, 1613." — Neilson and Thorndiiie, The Facts about Shake- 
speare, New York, 1913, p. 160. For the full text of Lord Stanhope's item, see W. E. 
Henley's introduction to the Tudor edition of Don Quixote, xlvii (Shelton's tr.), London, 
1896. 

269] 77 [Modern Philoi^ogy, September, l!iI6 



78 Walter Graham 

Mr. Gamaliel Bradford, Jr., in Modern Language Notes, 1909,' 
added an interesting article to the literature of the subject, in which 
he shows that in spite of the changes and obvious revamping of the 
play, Double Falsehood still retains palpable indications of Fletcher's 
hand and possible traces of another Elizabethan's. 

Mr. Bradford's article was answered in Modern Philology,^ by 
Professor Rudolph Schevill, who tried to show conclusively that 
Double Falsehood was not taken from Shelton's translation at all, 
but from a novel entitled The Adventures on the Black Mountains, 
in a collection edited by Samuel Croxall in 1729.^ Schevill shows that 
the novel and play parallel each other in the order of events much 
more closely than either does the original story in Shelton, that the 
novel contains details of the story common to itself and Don Quixote 
which are not found in the play, and that there seem to be no details 
common to the original and Double Falsehood which are not in The 
Adventures also. From these evidences he concludes that the novel 
and not Shelton's translation is the source of the play. The apparent 
chronological difficulty he overcomes by reasoning that since both 
play and novel were printed by John Watts, Theobald probably 
saw the manuscript of the latter early enough to base the plaj^ upon 
it. In summary. Professor Schevill says : 

Either the play is neither by Fletcher nor Shakespeare, or the play is 
not taken from The Adventures on the Black Mountains. But I have shown 
that there is a definite relation between the novel and the play, namely that 
the latter is based upon the former, and thus belongs to the eighteenth 

century If it can be asserted that Double Falsehood is a slavish 

dramatization of the novel, it has become unnecessary to insist that there 
is not the remotest possibility that Theobald had a lost History of Cardenio 
either by Shakespeare, or Fletcher as a basis for his play. Double Falsehood. 

Before making any further attempts to connect Double Falsehood 
with the lost Cardenio, it becomes necessary to show that the former 
does not depend on The Adventures on the Black Mountains, for 

1 Gamaliel Bradford, Jr., "The History of Cardenio by Mr. Fletcher and Shake- 
speare," MLN, XXV, 51 fl. ; Rudolph Schevill, Theobald's Double Falsehood 7 Mod. Phil., 
IX, 285 fl. 

2 " Select Collection of Novels and Histories in Six Volumes All New Trans- 
lated from the Originals, by several eminent Hands, Second edition. London, 1729," I, 
313-38. This possible source Is also noted by Willlaia Jaggard, Shakespeare Biblior/raphy, 
Stratford-on-Avon, 1911, p. 3. 

270 



The " Cardenio-Doublb Falsehood" Problem 79 

Schevill's case, if sound, seems to preclude any possibility of Eliza- 
bethan authorship. As he pointed out, there are some passages 
common to the novel and Don Quixote which are not found in the 
play. This is evidence beyond doubt that the "translator" of 
Croxall's version went to Shelton for his main story. But he has 
overlooked some verbal and phrasal parallels between Shelton and 
Double Falsehood which indicate that the author or authors of the 
play also went directly to this early translation of Cervantes. For 
the excerpts given below, notice that the novel has either no parallel 
passage or one which does not follow Shelton as closely as that from 
the play. 

1. Shelton, IV, i, 2: 

How much more grateful companions will these cragges and thickets 
prove to my designs, by afoording me leism-e to communicate my mishaps 
to heaven with plaints; then that if any mortall man living, since there is 
none upon earth from whom I may expect counsell in doubts, ease in com- 
plaints or in harmes remedie. 

Double Falsehood, p. 48: 

How much more grateful are these craggy Mountains, 

And these wild Trees, than things of nobler Natures, 

For these receive my plaints and mourn again 

In many Echoes to me. All good People 

Are fain asleep forever. None are left. 

That have the sense, and Touch of Tenderness 

For Virtues sake: No, scarce their Memory: 

From whom I may expect Counsel in Fears, 

Ease to Complainings, or Redress of Wrongs. 

Adventures contains nothing at all. 

2. Shelton, IV, i, 3: 

This bodie, since it is not Lucinda, can be no human creature, but a 
divine. 

Double Falsehood, p. 49 : 

Since she is not Leonora, she is heavenly. 

Adventures contains nothing of this. 

271 



80 Walter Graham 

3. Shelton, IV, i, 5and 11: 

Lady, whatsoever you be, stay and fear nothing .... 
.... is it possible that you are named Dorothea ? 

Double Falsehood, p. 50: 

Stay, Lady, stay: can it be possible 
That you are Violante ? 

Adventures, p. 334: 

Tlie story teller whom he now recollected to be Dorothea. 



4. Shelton, III, xi, 267: 

{Messenger to Cardenio) .... For Sir, I know you very well. 

Dovble Falsehood, 23-24: 

Leon. Know you Julio, Sir ? 

Mess. Yes, very well; and love him, too, as well. 

Nothing in Adventvres. 

5. Shelton, III, xi, 269: 

I carry about with me a poniard secretly, wliich may hinder more reso- 
lute forces by giving an end to my life. 

Dovble Falsehood, p. 29; 

Stage direction, She shows him dagger. Leonora then threatens to kill 
hereelf if Julio does not hide while the wedding takes place. 

Adventures contains no mention of dagger until the episode of Leonora's 
fainting later, details of which are common to all three. 

6. The song of Cardenio (Shelton, III, 250) may have suggested a similar 
lament sung by Violante in Double Falsehood (47). There is no song in the 
novel. 



7. Shelton, IV, i, 1: 

I esteemed it better to find Don Fernando unmarried than married, 
presuming that yet the gates of my remedy were not wholly shut .... 
heaven had preadventure set that impediment on the second marriage, to 
make him understand what hee ought to the first: 

272 



The " Cardenio-Double Falsehood" Pkoblem 81 

Doxible Falsehood, p. 37: 

Yet there remains a little Spark of Hope 

That lights me to some Comfort. The Match is crossed; 

The Parties separate: and I again 

May come to see this Man that has betrayed me; 

And wound his Conscience for it; 

This motive for her following him is not given in Adventures. She 
leaves home "to be lost to her friends." 

It must be clear from a comparison of these passages that the 
original author or authors of Double Falsehood not only followed 
Shelton's translation, but followed it closely in some details of the 
story. Some of the excerpts of the play, notably the first three 
listed, are little more than paraphrases of the original. We must 
conclude, then, that both the translator of The Adventures and the 
authors of Double Falsehood went to Shelton for the story of Cardenio. 

But how are we going to account for the obvious parity of the 
two in details not found in Shelton ? 

The first edition of Croxall's novels and histories (1720-22) was 
so well received by the public that a second was brought out in 1729 
with ten additional selections, one of which was The Adventures (see 
full list in preface to second edition). Of the new tales, this was the 
only one from Cervantes or a Spanish source, although the first edi- 
tion probably contained a good number. The three volumes I have 
seen of the six-volume set contain four, all derived from the Novelas 
Exemplares} These stories from the novelas actually are what 
Croxall professes the entire collection to be — mere translations. 
The story of Cardenio in The Adventures, on the contrary, is consider- 
ably changed from the original in Shelton. It is shortened to two- 
thirds, the order of events is changed, and some details are added, 
as Schevill himself shows. This is hardly " New Translated from the 
Original." Such a change in the original Cardenio story would be 
made rather for a dramatic purpose than for any other. 

In view of the similarity in general outlines of The Adventures 
and the play, it seems plausible that while Croxall was planning his 
second edition he perceived the popularity of Double Falsehood as 

» The Jealous Estremaduran, I, 243 ff.; The Little Gypsy, V, 1; The Spanish Lady 
of England, VI, 189; The Lady Cornelia, VI, 239. 

273 



82 Walter Graham 

an acted play/ recognized its source in Cervantes, and determined 
to take advantage of the public interest in the story by including it 
in his new work. Consequently, he (or the "translator," whoever 
he was) furbished up Shelton, as Shevill says, but did so under the 
conscious or unconscious influence of the play with which he was 
familiar. The result of this process Croxall calls on the title-page 
of the story, " A Tale upon which the Plan of a Posthumous Play, 
called Double Falsehood, was written originally by W. Shakespeare."^ 
Schevill quotes the statement in the preface, which is "This is the 
novel from which the Plan of a Posthumous Play, written originally 
by Shakespear, called Double Falsehood, was taken," and assumes 
that the novel referred to is The Adventures. Is it not more likely 
that by "novel" or "tale" Croxall merely referred to the story of 
Cardenio in Don Quixote of which his version purported to be a 
translation ? I find no allusion to any intimacy between Theobald 
and Croxall such as we should expect if the former was in the habit 
of looking over the other's manuscripts more than a year before their 
publication. 

There can be little doubt, then, about the immediate source of 
Double Falsehood. But whether it was written, in its original form, 
soon after the publication of Shelton's translation (1612) as must 
have been the case with the History of Cardenio, or was composed at 
a much later period, is harder to determine. 



II 

How does Double Falsehood compare with Theobald's acknowl- 
edged work ? 

Owing to the wholesale leveling which Theobald may have effected 
in revising the play, internal evidence obtained by verse tests must 
be relative and approximate indeed. Nevertheless, I have applied 
the tests for feminine endings, run-on lines, and weak and light end- 
ings — all of which proved of value in determining Elizabethan author- 
ship — and a few additional tests, with results which appear at least 

» For the success of Double Falsehood on the stage, see Gentleman's Magazine, 1824, 
p. 223; and Genest's Some Account 0/ the English Stage, Bath, 1832, III, pp. 203-4. 

2 "Selection Collection," etc., I, 311. 

274 



The "Cardenio-Double Falsehood" Problem 



83 



significant. For this purpose, The Persian Princess, Eledra (a trans- 
lation), and Orestes were most available, works perhaps as representa- 
tive as any of Theobald's style in blank verse. The first two were 
written some time before the publication of Double Falsehood, the 
last, two or three years after. Yet note that the three conform to 
one another more closely in the peculiarities of style I have tabulated 
than any one of them does to Double Falsehood. 





Lines 


F. E. 


R. O. L. 


W. and L. 
Ends 


Pem. Caes. 
Line Pauae 


p. Princess (1711) 

Electra (1714) 


1278 
1376 
1447 
1606 


20.5 
16 

38.1 
22.6 


15 
9 
18.3 
10 


.08 (10) 
.06 (8) 
. 15 (22) 
.025 (4) 


12 
11 


Double Falsehood (1728) .... 
Orestes (1731) 


19.6 

8* 







* I adopted tlie definitions of the run-on line and the wealc and light endings which 

are found in the report of the St. Petersburg Shalcespeare Circle (Bnglisehe Stttdien, III, 

473 ff.). Only the blanlt verse was considered, and full lines were counted in every case. 

The Perfidious Brother (1715) was not examined because of the uncertainty as to its 

authorship. See Dictionary of National Biography, LVI, 119. 



Mr. Bradford noted in his paper on Double Falsehood the fre- 
quency of the feminine ending composed of two monosyllabic words — 
a very remarkable characteristic of Fletcher's style. There are in 
all 137 such endings in Double Falsehood, whereas Electra and Orestes 
have 20 and 27 respectively. In the first, 30 different words are 
given the final unemphatic position, while in Electra only 6 and in 
Orestes 7 are thus used. Theobald's range is apparently limited to 
"it," "me," "them," "him," "you," and "us," only three other 
words being found in the two plays. In Double Falsehood, not only is 
there a suggestive variety, but "Sir" and "not" are found 11 and 
10 times used in this way. Now Fletcher was noticeably fond of these 
words as endings, and his use of them is exemplified in The Chances, 
written about 1615, where "Sir" is found 22 times and "not" 11 
times. In this play, Fletcher uses 39 different final words, with a 
total of 234 cases. Since a discussion of Fletcherian authorship 
belongs to another part of this paper, let it suffice here to note that 
all our figures seem to support Bradford's case. We must admit, 
at any rate, that whether Double Falsehood was the work of Theobald's 
own pen or not, in these particulars it shows an appreciable variance 
from his earlier and later styles. 

275 



84 



Walter Graham 



III 

Are there internal evidences of two styles ? 

Bradford, who thinks so, assigns II, iii; IV (except about fifty 
lines near the beginning) ; and V (except a small portion which he 
does not define) to Fletcher. He believes the remainder shows 
occasional traces of the most masterful Elizabethan hand, although 
he admits that for the most part it is far below the poetic or dramatic 
quality of Shakspere. I have based my tests on Bradford's division. 

A graphic representation with one line to indicate the number 
of feminine endings in each ten verses and another to show the 
run-on lines reveals such a perceptible change of manner as he has 
suggested at the beginning of Act III, scene iii. Feminine endings are 
more frequent after this point and run-on lines noticeably less com- 
mon. Whatever evidence is thus furnished of a dual authorship 
receives support from the other tests I made. 



Lines 

Feminine endings 

Run-on lines 

Weals and light endings . . 
Feminine caesural line pauses 
Mid-stopped speeches . . . 



Parts 

Possibly 

by Fletcher 



By Another 



754 


693 


44.2 


32 


15.2 


21.5 


.39(3) 


2.7(19) 


16 


13.3 


30 


44.5* 



* Bradford finds 47 per cent of feminine endings in 
the Fletcher part. Since he does not state definitely how 
much of Act V he considers Fletcher's, I have been able 
to follow his division only approximately. 



The parts by Fletcher show a larger percentage of feminine end- 
ings. In the other peculiarities of style, the remaining parts pre- 
dominate, especially in the weak and light endings. Nineteen to 
three is a very significant difference. 

If these figures make it evident that there is a real difference of 
style in the two parts of Double Falsehood as Bradford has dis- 
tinguished them, they serve to demonstrate even more clearly and 
effectively the difference between Theobald's acknowledged work 
and the play under discussion. It seems hardly possible that the 
portion of the latter which contains 44 . 2 per cent of feminine endings 
was composed in 1727 by the same hand that wrote Orestes three years 
later with only 22 . 6 per cent. Nor does it appear any more likely 

276 



The "Cabdenio-Double Falsehood" Pboblem 85 

that the first part of Double Falsehood which contains 19 weak and 
light endings was written by the same author as the play of 1730 in 
which there are only 4 altogether. In the same way we may compare 
the 10 per cent of run-on lines in Theobald's Orestes with the 21 . 6 
per cent in Double Falsehood. Perhaps other figures are unnecessary 
to show that the latter is not like the avowed works of Theobald, and 
that there are in it traces of two manners of writing. 

The weak and light endings which we noted above as frequent 
in the first part of Double Falsehood, were so characteristic of Shak- 
spere's later style that they suggest another line of inquiry. 

IV 

Does internal evidence support the possibility that the original 
of Double Falsehood was identical with the History of Cardenio, written 
by Shakspere and Fletcher about 1613 ? 

Nearly all scholars now believe that Shakspere and Fletcher were 
joint authors of Two Noble Kinsmen and Henry VIII, and that these 
plays were written about this time. I have made a comparison of 
the parts assigned each author with the parts of Double Falsehood 
using for this purpose the division of Two Noble Kinsmen which is 
to be found in The Facts about Shakespeare (p. 160) and the partition 
of Henry VIII employed by Thorndike in his Influence of Beaumont 
and Fletcher on Shakespeare} The results appear in the table on 
p. 278. 

Notice that the three colunms of figures correspond in a general 
way. That is, the three percentages of feminine endings in the upper 
half of the table are smaller than the three in the lower half, and the 
percentages representing the frequency of run-on lines in the lower 
half are in each case smaller than those above. The difference is 
always in the right direction. The percentages of weak and light 
endings correspond most noticeably. In Double Falsehood, the 
proportion of feminine endings for the second part has more sig- 
nificance than would appear from the figure 44.2, for in several 

' The division of Neilson and Tliomdilce is based upon tliat of Littledale (Two Noble 
Kinsmen: N.S.S. Trons., series 2, part 15;, and assigned I (28 fl.). 11; III, iil-; IV: and 
V, i (1-17), ii, lii (104) fl. to Pletclier. Thomdike's division of Henry VIII is adapted 
from tliat of James Spedding (N.S.S. Trans., 1874; Appendix, p. 14) and gives I, iil, iv; 
II, i, ii; III, i, ii b; IV; and V, ii-v, to Pletclier. 

277 



86 



Walteb Graham 



individual scenes this rises to 50 per cent. To be sure, we should 
reasonably expect a percentage of more than 21 . 5 of run-on lines in 
the former part of Double Falsehood if Shakspere wrote it, but since 
Theobald's own average — as far as I can learn from his plays — was 
between 10 and 15 per cent, this reduction in the number of un- 
stopped lines would be a natural consequence of his revision. A 
consistent leveling such as the figures in the table indicate is just 
what we should expect to find in a play which had survived the revi- 
sions of Theobald and nobody knows how many other editors. 





Double 
Falsehood 


Parts Absiqned to 
Shakbpebe 




T. N. K. 


HenryVIII 




693 
32 
21.5 

2.7 
44.5 


883 
21.5 
52 

8.15 
64 


1,077 


Feminine endings 


28 
54.6 


W. and liglit endings 

Mid-stopped speeclies 


10.8 
68.5 






Double 
Falsehood 


Parts Assigned to 
Fletcher 




T. N. K. 


HenryVIII 


Lines 


754 
44.2 
15.2 

.39 
30 


1,510 
62 
25.8 
23 

48 


1,447 
58 
26 

.22 
51 


Feminine endings 

Run-on lines 

W. and llglit endings 

Mid-stopped speeclies 



A study of the words in Double Falsehood does not seem to be of 
any great value, and considering how much Theobald may have 
"adapted" it, this is not surprising. Yet I have found less than a 
dozen words that are too modern in sense to be used in a drama of 
Fletcher's. More important than this, it seems to me, is a study of 
Fletcher's sources. Miss Hatcher finds that ten of the plays in which 
he had a hand were taken from stories of Cervantes.' A comparison 
of these with their sources shows that the originals were used in some- 
what the same way the story of Cardenio is here, except of course 
that Double Falsehood reveals little of Fletcher's sprightly invention. 
The dramatist was using material from Cervantes at about the time 



p. 48. 



> Miss O. L. Hatclier, John Fletcher: A Study in Dramatic Method, Chicago, 1905, 



278 



The " Cakdenio-Double Falsehood" Phoblem 87 

the History of Cardenio must have been written. Love's Pilgrimage 
(1614?), The Chances (1615), and possibly The Coxcomb (1609-13), 
are examples of this fact. So it seems more than probable that the 
entry of Humphrey Moseley in the Register assigned the lost play 
correctly to Fletcher, at least, if not to Shakspere. 

A few other details ought to be noticed in passing. If Theobald 
really had an old manuscript of the History of Cardenio, he must have 
shortened it a great deal, for Double Falsehood is little more than half 
as long as many Elizabethan plays of the period under discussion. 
Verbal and phrasal parallels, on the other hand, such as those Usted 
above from Don Quixote and Double Falsehood, are common between 
plays and their sources in Elizabethan times. I find similar parallels 
in Two Noble Kinsmen and the Knightes Tale, in Henry VIII and 
Cavendish's Life of Wolsey, in Love's Pilgrimage and The Two 
Damsels, and in The Chances and The Lady Cornelia. The hearse 
trick (invading the convent by means of a fake funeral procession, 
and abducting Leonora) probably needs no other sources than the 
suggestions furnished by two incidents in other parts of Don Quixote, 
one in Book II, chap, v, and another near the end of the first part. 

The line in Double Falsehood (III, i, 17), "None but itself can be 
its parallel," which Pope construed wittily into a weapon against 
Theobald, has several analogues. It may have found its way into 
Double Falsehood as a reminiscence of Seneca's Hercules Furens or 
of Massinger's Duke of Milan. In the former case it might well have 
been the work of an Elizabethan author. This work of Seneca's 
seems to have had an important influence on Shakspere in particu- 
lar.i Yet we know that Theobald had an exceptional familiarity 
with the classics. 

It seems probable that the Cardenio Double Falsehood pr blem 
will never be solved to our complete satisfaction until more external 

> J. W. Cunlifle, The Influence of Seneca on Elizabethan Tragedy, London, 1893, 
pp. 18 ff. See Gentleman's Magazine, 1780, p. 507, for discussion. The line referred 
to in Hercules Furens is "Quaeris Alcidae parem ? Nemo est nisi Ipse" (84—85). In 
Massinger, it is 

Her goodness doth distain comparison, 
And, but herself, admits no parallel. 

— Duke of Milan, IV, iii. 

It is worth nothing that Pope's version, "None but Umself can be Ws parallel" (Pope's 
Works: ed. of Elwin and Courthope, 1886, X, 364), is closer to the lines of Seneca and 
Massinger. Both in Cassell's Sooh of Quotations, London, 1913, and Bartlett's famous 
work in all editions. Pope's line is attributed to Theobald. 

279 



88 Walter Graham 

evidence is brought to bear upon it. The small number of female 
parts in the play (two, except for a maid who speaks two lines), 
the source in Cervantes, the close verbal relation with the original in 
Shelton, and some other details, in a general way link it to the drama 
of the Elizabethans. But the shortness of it, the lifeless verse, some 
of the language, and the distinctly inferior dramatic quality are 
strong arguments against its being the work of Shakspere or Fletcher 
either. We do not know how much Theobald revised, of course, 
but as a lover of Shakspere, he would not be hkely to make any more 
changes than he thought absolutely necessary. It is not impossible, 
on the other hand, that the manuscripts were revised several times 
before they reached him. The history of the History of Cardenio 
might make an interesting and enlightening chapter. 

But speculation is futile. Internal evidence, as we have seen, 
gives no very conclusive results. From these investigations, however, 
the following facts seem to be established: (1) The immediate source 
of Double Falsehood was Shelton's Don Quixote. (2) The style of 
the play as a whole, and the second part in particular, differs appre- 
ciably from Theobald's acknowledged work. (3) There are unmis- 
takable evidences of two styles. (4) These distinct styles show a 
general similarity to those in Two Noble Kinsmen and Henry VIII, 
which are now recognized as belonging to Shakspere and Fletcher. 

Walter Graham 
Columbia University 



280 



