
STOP 



Early Journal Content on JSTOR, Free to Anyone in the World 

This article is one of nearly 500,000 scholarly works digitized and made freely available to everyone in 
the world byJSTOR. 

Known as the Early Journal Content, this set of works include research articles, news, letters, and other 
writings published in more than 200 of the oldest leading academic journals. The works date from the 
mid-seventeenth to the early twentieth centuries. 

We encourage people to read and share the Early Journal Content openly and to tell others that this 
resource exists. People may post this content online or redistribute in any way for non-commercial 
purposes. 

Read more about Early Journal Content at http://about.istor.org/participate-istor/individuals/early- 
journal-content . 



JSTOR is a digital library of academic journals, books, and primary source objects. JSTOR helps people 
discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content through a powerful research and teaching 
platform, and preserves this content for future generations. JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit 
organization that also includes Ithaka S+R and Portico. For more information about JSTOR, please 
contact support@jstor.org. 



NOTE ON THE GARDEN lO-DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 
PROBLEM 

Owing to the fact that the author was unable to read the proof 
of "The Cardenio-Double Falsehood Problem" {Modem Philology, 
September, 1916), an error is apparent in each of the two tables 
used on pages 276 and 278. In the former, the percentage of femi- 
nine caesural line pauses in the parts of the play designated as "by 
another" should be 23.3 instead of 13.3. Only when this correc- 
tion is made, is the statement accompanying the table true, namely, 
that the parts by another author show a larger percentage of all the 
peculiarities of style except feminine endings. In the same way, 
the statements regarding the table on page 278 do not hold true 
unless the proportion of weak and light endings in Two Noble Kins- 
men is corrected. It is 0.23, not 23. The footnote on page 277, 
giving the division employed by Neilson and Thorndike, should read 
"assigned I, iv (28 ff.)." 

Walter Graham 

Western Reserve Univbbsity 



MoDEBN Philoloqt, January, 1917] 184 



