Margaret Carnegie 
Library 


Mills College Library 
Withdrawn 


THE PLAYS 
of Beaumont & Fletcher 


Published under the Auspices of Tut EL1zaBETHAN 
Crus of Yale University on the Foundation Estab- 
lished in Memory of OviveR Baty CUNNINGHAM 
of the Class of 1917, Yale College. 


The present volume is the sixth work published by the Yale 
University Press on the Oliver Baty Cunningham Memorial Pub- 
lication Fund. This Foundation was established May 8, 1920, by 
a gift from Frank S. Cunningham, Esq., of Chicago, to Yale 
University, in memory of his son, Captain OLIVER Baty CUN- 
NINGHAM, 15th United States Field Artillery, who was born in 
Chicago, September 17, 1894, and was graduated from Yale 
College in the Class of 1917. As an undergraduate he was dis- 
tinguished alike for high scholarship and for proved capacity in 
leadership among his fellows, as evidenced by his selection as 
Gordon Brown Prize Man from his class. He received his com- 
mission as Second Lieutenant, United States Field Artillery, at the 
First Officers’ Training Camp at Fort Sheridan, and in December, 
1917, was detailed abroad for service, receiving subsequently the 
Distinguished Service Medal. He was killed while on active duty 
near Thiaucourt, France, on September 17, 1918, the twenty- 


fourth anniversary of his birth. 


Digitized by the Internet Archive 
in 2023 


https://archive.org/details/owb_ W8-BZZ-818 


“ay 
| 
‘ 
ws 


“Fohn Fletcher 


THE PLAYS 
OF 


BEAUMONT AND FLETCHER 


AN ATTEMPT TO 
DETERMINE THEIR RESPECTIVE SHARES 
AND THE SHARES OF OTHERS 

ya BY 
E. HY C. OLIPHANT 


. Mills College Lit 
Tee oi | Withdrawn 


NEW HAVEN 
YALE UNIVERSITY PRESS 


LONDON - HUMPHREY MILFORD - OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS 


1927 


Copyright 1927 by the Yale University Press 


Printed in the United States of America 


- = te 
" . 
fe - - 
Cena os * & © 2.6 = ee - 
a a ae e es Ehe oh - 
we . “ 
vee Cre See e' Ss 7 ~s 
iv re a? »66. Fe Ie 8 : ey 
: s «et 
. . . 3 
ACY CRE [Be Se : tt ee 
Phe . s oe Ss © = Fe 
a . «oe e. e ta ~~ 
. 4e& > ee Seen 5” 
a eS ogeees 2 tee 
Cee Te E¥SRT i ges ha ? 
oe . ~ _ 
s . 
s ee een 
ee . ‘ 
° > ‘i 
e 
. = : 2 . 7 
2 
x . ta € « 2 . 
2. © ety Uo on ’ 
e é &, .8 8-8 eS 
> Pease acge . 
. ee =" 6 
. eo SNe - 
. . Cte at St ot * 
’ a. TR 
° ° 


44991 


‘Prefatory Notr 


HE author's first examination of the entire body 
of ‘Beaumont and Fletcher” plays was made in 
or around the years 1889-90. Though in the interven- 
ing years he re-examined many of the plays, he did not 
make a complete study of them again till in or about 
1914-15. Sznce then he has studied yet a third time 
every play of the authorship of which a new view has 
been put forward. In the majority of cases he has seen in 
this third examination no reason to depart from the view 
he had previously formed, save as regards the follow- 
ing: The Fair Maid, The Honest Man’s Fortune, 
The Laws of Candy, 7” every one of which the views 
of later critics have induced him to change his opinion; 
and The Bloody Brother, Cupid’s Revenge, Love’s 
Cure, Love’s Pilgrimage, and Wit at several Weap- 
ons, n which, without any extraneous aid, he has seen 
jit to vary his assignment. With these exceptions, then, 
the opinions expressed are such as they would have been 
had the work been given to the world in 1915-16— 
so far, that is to say, as concerns the fifty-five plays 
listed as Fletcher's in the original articles. 
The author wishes to express his indebtedness to 
Professor R. A. Law and to vartous good friends at 


Vili Prefatory Note 

the University of Texas—Drs. D, T. Starnes and 
T. P, Harrison, and Messrs. D,. A. Snellings, H. 
Adams, and H. W. Taylor—for help accorded in the 
always arduous and devastating work of proof-read- 
ing; and to Professor Tucker Brooke for bringing the 
work to the notice of the Yale Elizabethan Club, un- 
der whose auspices it 1s published. 


Bibliographical Nore 


HE opinions of other scholars who have 

attempted to solve the problem of the au- 
thorship of any considerable number of the 
“Beaumont and Fletcher” plays are to be found 
in the following works: 


Fieay, F. G. New Shakspere Society Transactions, 
1874. 
Shakespeare Manual, 1876-8. 
Englische Studien, 1886. 
Biographical ( hronicle, 1891. 
Boy te, R. Englische Studien, 1882-7, 1899. 
New Shakspere Society Transactions, 1886. 
Dictionary of National Biography; article, Massin- 
ger, 1894. 

Macautay, G. C. Francis Beaumont, 1883. 
Cambridge History of English Literature, 1910. 
Buuren, A. H. Dictionary of National Biography; 

article, Fletcher, 1889. 
Tuornpike, A. H. Influence of Beaumont and 
Fletcher on Shakespeare, 1901. 
Aupen, R. M. Beaumont (Belles-Lettres Series), 
1910. 
Gay .ey, C. M. Beaumont, the Dramatist, 1914. 
CruicksHank, A. H. Philip Massinger, 1920. 
Syxes, H. D. Sidelights on Shakespeare, 1919. 
Articles in Notes and Queries, 1920-22. 
Sidelights on Elizabethan Drama, 1924. 


us Bibliographical Note 

Batpwin, I. W. €dition of Philip Massinger’s Duke 
of Milan, 1918. 

Cue ul, M. Le drame de Massinger, 1923. 


Many of the quoted views of Sykes, William 
Wells, and W. J. Lawrence have not previously 
been published, and I am greatly indebted to those 
distinguished scholars for the permission accorded 
me to avail myself of them. I have also to make 
acknowledgment of similar kindness on the part 
of Mr. Bertram Lloyd; and I am under an espe- 
cial debt of gratitude to Dr. S. A. Tannenbaum 
for complying with my request to make a study of 
the manuscript of The Faithful Friends and for 
freely giving me his views upon it. 


19 3OYWOUS WOowowoew 
‘The Contents 


Prefatory Note Vil 
Bibliographical Note ibid 
List of Illustrations XVil 
Introduction I 
My Predecessors % 
Scholarship and Guesswork 6 
Conservatism and Radicalism 9 
Attitude towards External Evidence 12 
The Two Folios 13 
The Contents of the Folios 16 
The Dramatists Concerned iF 
Collaboration and Revision 20 
The Plays to Be Considered 22 


Bases for Knowledge of the Authors Implicated 23 
The Order in Which the Plays Should Be Studied 27 


Grounds of Discrimination 29 
~ Fletcher’s Versification 31 
~ Fletcher’s Literary Eccentricities “y/ 
~ Fletchers Dramatic Faculty 40 
~ Fletcher's Vocabulary 45 
The Beaumont and Fletcher Partnership 47 
Method of Collaboration 48 
Beaumont’s Prose and Verse 49 
Beaumont’s Greatness 52 
Beaumont’s Burlesque Vein 56 
Minor Differences between Beaumont and 
Fletcher 57 


The Verse of Massinger 58 


Xli The (Contents 


Massinger’s Rhetoric 
Massinger’s Morality 
Massinger’s Phraseology 
Massinger’s Dramatic Craftsmanship 
The Style of William Rowley 
The Manner of Shirley 
The Tokens of Shakespeare 
The Drama of Daborne 
The Hand of Field 
The Individuality of Jonson 
The Methods of Middleton 
The Qualities of Other Candidates 
(a) D’avenant 
(b) Brome 
(c) Ford 
(d) Tourneur 
(e) Webster 
Remnants of Old Drama 
False Attributions 
Other Plays Examined 
Sir Thomas Stukeley 
The Lost Plays 
The External Evidence 
The Order Observed Here 
Division into Chronological Groups 
Dates of the Dramatists Concerned 
Companies and Dramatists 
Companies and T heaters 
Actors? Lists 
Plays by Fletcher Alone 
1. Bonduca 


2. The Chances 


The (Contents 


. The Faithful Shepherdess 
. The Humorous Lieutenant 
. The Island Princess 

» The Loyal Subject 

. The Mad Lover 

- Monsieur Thomas 

. The Pilgrim 

. Rule a Wife 

. Valentinian 

. A Wife for a Month 

. The Wild-goose Chase 

. Wit without Money 

. The Woman’s Prize 

- Women Pleased 


by Beaumont and Fletcher Alone 


. The Captain 

. A King and no King 

. The Knight of the Burning Pestle 
. The Maid’s Tragedy 

. The Noble Gentleman 

. Philaster 

. The Scornful Lady 

. The Woman-hater 


Wholly by Fletcher and Massinger 


. Barnavelt 

. The Custom of the Country 
. The Double Marriage 

. The Elder Brother 

. The False One 

. The Little French Lawyer 
. The Lover’s Progress 

. The Prophetess 


Xi1 
137 
139 
139 
141 
142 
142 
145 
146 
146 
148 
149 
150 
151 
156 
160 
160 
167 
169 
180 
183 
201 
207 
214 
220 
220 
224 
226: 
230} 
234 
237 
239 
245 


Xiv The (Contents 


33. The Sea-voyage 
34. The Spanish Curate 
35. A Very Woman 

Plays Wholly by Beaumont, Fletcher, and Mas- 
singer 
36. Beggars’ Bush 
37. The Coxcomb 

- 38. Thierry and Theodoret 

Plays in Which Shakespeare Was Concerned 
39. Double Falsehood 
40. Henry VIII 
41. Julius Cesar 
42. The Two Noble Kinsmen 

Plays of Which Field Was Part-Author 
43. Cupid’s Revenge 
44. The Faithful Friends 
45. Four Plays in One 
46. The Honest Man’s Fortune 
47. The Knight of Malta 
48. The Queen of Corinth 

The Remaining Plays in Which Beaumont Was 
Concerned 
49. The Birth of Merlin 
50. Love’s Cure 
51. Love’s Pilgrimage 
52. The Nice Valour 
53. Wit at several Weapons 

The Remaining Plays in Which Beaumont Was 
Not Concerned 
54. The Bloody Brother 
55. The Fair Maid of the Inn 
56. The Laws of Candy 


246 
250 
250 


256 
256 
265 
274 
282 
282 
302 
316 
325 
348 
348 
353 
369 
383 
392 
398 


402 
402 
414 
432 
439 
451 


457 
457 
463 
4.72 


The Contents 


57- The Maid in the Mill 
58. The Night-walker 
59. The Widow 
A Chronological Survey 
Scene Divisions 
Summary of Findings 
Conclusion 
Appendix 
The Faithful Friends 
Thierry and Theodoret 
The Spanish Curate 
Index of General Views and Comments 
Index of Scholars, Critics, and Historians 
Index of Dramatists and Plays 
General Index 


XV 


486 
488 
492 
499 
510 
513 
524 
526 
526 
533 
5 
S37 
538 
542 
552 


WO WSWSOWeWwSeWewewW 


PAGE 
FRANCIS BEAUMONT es 
frontispiece 
JOHN FLETCHER 
From “The Works of Beaumont and Fletcher” by George Dar- 
ley, 1839, 1883. 
TITLE-PAGE OF FIRST BEAUMONT AND 
FLETCHER FOLIO 16 
PuILip MassINGER 58 
LONDON IN THE SECOND DECADE OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH CENTURY 128 
TITLE-PAGE OF “THE KNIGHT OF THE 
BurnInG PESTLE,” 1635 170 
THE GLOBE THEATRE 304 


TITLE-PAGE OF “THE BLoopy BROTHER,” 
1639 458 


ey 


wWeWSWleueteteuen 
eke cPel ACY S 


of Beaumont €§ Fletcher 


ENA CROW a Cs. hO:N 


N the years 1890 and 1891 there was pub- 

lished in “Englische Studien” (henceforth to 

be called, for brevity’s sake, “E. S.”) a series 

of articles in which I attempted to solve the 

problem of the various plays known under the 
‘joint names of Beaumont and Fletcher. This present 
work embodies not only so much of that work as I 
care to retain, but also the results of another examina- 
tion of those plays after a lapse of about a quarter of 
a century. It may seem unduly vain to suppose that 
any one will be sufficiently interested in my views to 
care to read a revision of them; but the fact remains 
that they have been very widely read and commented 
upon (with approval and with disapproval); and I am 
encouraged to think that the publication of the results 
of my later study may be worth while by the fact that 
an examination shows that my allotments in the plays 
as to the authorship of which critics are generally agreed 
have been more frequently accepted than have those of 
any other writer who has sought to solve the problem. 
It is true that, where I have announced the presence 
of authors whose participation had not previously been 


2 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


discovered, my views have not generally won accept- 
ance; but that is not surprising when one considers that 
original views are seldom looked upon with favor and 
that mine are almost entirely based on appreciations of 
poetical cadences that are practically incapable of exact 
proof. 

I felt, too, that, whether interesting to others or 
not, it would be interesting to myself to see how my 
views as an elderly man differed from those I had put 
forward when in my twenties. The youthful scholar has 
the defects and the virtues of youth. He necessarily lacks 
the sound basis of knowledge that is to be expected in 
the older scholar, and, perhaps because of his compara- 
tive ignorance and inexperience, is more confident of 
the correctness of his judgment; but, on the other 
hand, he has a greater freedom from prejudice, and 
his mind is more receptive of ideas. If his courage run 
to rashness, the older man’s caution reaches to timidity. 

The chief objection to a revision such as I have under- 
taken is that common failing of mankind which makes 
one unwilling to acknowledge that he has erred; and, 
even where one is reasonably free from that failing, he 
may in such a case as this be hampered by his prejudices, 
since he may, with the fairest intentions in the world, 
feel an irresistible impulse to prove himself to have 
been right. The danger of this tendency I set myself to 
overcome by making this examination entirely inde- 
pendent of the other and then comparing the resultant 
view with the published one. The views here given are, 
then, the results of this examination checked by subse- 
quent consideration of the views expressed in “E. S.” 

One great disadvantage of a publication of revised 


My Predecessors 2 


views is that where they differ from the earlier ones they 
to some extent cast discredit on all the investigator’s 
previous findings, and invite the ridicule of those who 
never venture to dissent from accepted views. I am well 
aware of this risk; but, as my object is not the winning 
of a cheap success by putting forth opinions that I know 
will be approved, and is not to bend facts to my previ- 
ously stated opinions, but to ascertain the truth, I have 
not let myself be deterred by that or any other con- 
sideration. As I am ready to acknowledge that I was 
wrong in some of my earlier judgments, so I am pre- 
pared to admit the likelihood of my being at fault in 
some of these later ones; and I shall not be guilty of 
expecting general agreement with me on what are mere 
matters of individual opinion. As in the “E. S.” articles, 
I cannot, for various reasons, state as fully as I should 
like to do the grounds of my determinations. These are 
mainly, it may be remarked, matters of style, of melody, 
of turns of phrase, of sentence-building. It is perhaps 
worth while to mention that some of the corrected views 
here put forward are in accord with determinations come 
to many years ago (indeed, nearer the date of the origi- 
nal articles than that of my general reéxamination of the 
plays) but never published. 


My Predecessors. 


T the time when my original article was written 
there were many people, who, having fully made 

up their minds that the work of the great “twin stars” 
of the drama was not separable, looked on any attempt 
in that direction as utterly quixotic and absurd; but 


4. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


even then such separation had been shown to be not 
impossible. Though most of the editors of the poets’ 
collected works had, after making one or two nervous 
and half-hearted guesses, practically given up all at- 
tempt at division, F. G. Fleay, in his “Shakespeare 
Manual” published in 1876, showed that the difficulties 
in the way were not insurmountable. His results were 
tested and corrected a few years later by Robert Boyle; 
but no one else, prior to 1890, made any scientific effort 
to prove the correctness or incorrectness of Fleay’s 
views; although, in “Francis Beaumont, A Critical 
Study” published in 1883, G. C. Macaulay tried to sift 
out the plays in which the younger writer had a hand. 
He did not, however, deal with those known to have 
been produced after the death of his author. 

The investigations of Fleay and Boyle were fortu- 
nately made from rather different standpoints. Fleay* 
trusted mainly to metrical tests; Boyle principally, so 
far as Massinger was concerned, to the repetition of 
well-worn phrases. Macaulay based his division on 
broader grounds, which, though probably less reliable 
than Fleay’s verse-tests, were in all likelihood more con- 
vincing to the ordinary reader. As for metrical tests, 
they are not less unduly decried than unduly lauded. If 

1 Justice has never been done to the industry and cleverness of 
Fleay, or the value of the work done by him; but for much of this 
neglect and inappreciation he has himself to blame. He mixes up fact 
and theory in a very perplexing manner, so that we hardly know how 
much to take of what he offers us; and, owing to his readiness to 
jump at conclusions and to form opinions on quite inadequate grounds, 
he is not always reliable; but when the utmost has been said that can 
be said against him, the fact remains that no one of our time has shed 


more light on out-of-the-way points in the history of the Elizabethan 
drama, or done better work in criticism of the non-xsthetic kind. 


My Predecessors 5 


we trust believers, we must regard their use as having 
no limitations, results based on them as being infallible; 
if unbelievers, we must consider them utterly valueless, 
and faith in them a mark of “a mind diseased.” For my 
part, I cannot believe that, because a scene contains 20 
per cent run-on lines, 5 per cent double endings, and 3 
per cent weak endings, therefore it must belong to the 
writer whose figures approximate most nearly to those 
figures, for, in point of fact, verse-statistics are fre- 
quently misleading; but, on the other hand, when one 
finds the verse of some scenes in a play showing certain 
marked characteristics, and that of other scenes wanting 
in all those characteristics, it seems to me the height 
of foolishness to deny that there we have tolerably 
good evidence of a dual authorship. With regard to 
these plays, I cannot trust any division of them that has 
no better warrant than the proof afforded by verse- 
tests; and especially I object to any such ascriptions of 
scenes to authors other than the very few known to 
have had part in any of them; but I do think such tests 
give on the whole confirmation of the correctness of 
views based on knowledge of the general style of the 
various dramatists. The plan adopted on my first ex- 
amination of the plays was to divide them on broad 
general grounds, giving particular consideration to the 
rhythmic qualities of the verse, as it struck me in read- 
ing: the counting I relied on only for verification. In 
order that my investigations should be conducted as 
independently as possible, I in every case finished my 
study of a play, and made my division, before consult- 
ing Fleay, Boyle, or Macaulay, and then reread those 
scenes with regard to which I differed from any one 


6 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


of them. That I attained something like impartiality by 
this means, and was not wedded to my own views, is 
evidenced by the fact that, on reperusal, I frequently 
confessed myself in the wrong. I claimed then that my 
opinions were worthy of consideration where they dif- 
fered from those of the other examiners of these plays, 
because of the care I had exercised; and that in cases of 
my agreement with them they had strong independent 
proof of the correctness of their surmises; and I think 
the reader will grant this when he considers that my 
conclusions were reached by a different path from that 
trodden by either Fleay or Boyle. 


Scholarship and Guesswork. 


LEAY and Boyle were, then, my only predeces- 

sors in this field. Since that time, not a single 
scholar has published on the subject any work of simi- 
lar scope. The late A. H. Bullen traversed a good deal 
of the ground, but very briefly, and leaning heavily 
on Boyle; Professor A. H. Thorndike dealt ably with 
a few plays in his “Influence of Beaumont and Fletcher 
upon Shakespeare”; the late Professor R. M. Alden, in 
the Beaumont volume of the Belles-Lettres Series, and 
Professor C. M. Gayley, in his “Beaumont, the Drama- 
tist,” considered with excellent judgment and sanity the 
plays in which they deemed it possible for Beaumont to 
have had a hand; Dr. A. H. Cruickshank has confined 
his attention to the presence of Massinger; Mr. H. Dug- 
dale Sykes has treated of Field and Webster and Mas- 
singer’s presence in various plays; and others have ex- 
pressed views regarding single dramas; but no one has 


Scholarship and Guesswork 7 


surveyed the entire field save in the perfunctory way 
in which the work has been done for certain literary 
histories. Thus the late G. C. Macaulay, who had done 
good work in his “Francis Beaumont,” produced in his 
article in the “Cambridge History of English Litera- 
ture” work that consisted of little more than a blind 
acceptance or an equally blind rejection of the views 
of those who had preceded him, with much assertion 
and little argument. I shall present his views here, as 
I shall do those of Fleay and Boyle, Bullen and Thorn- 
dike, Gayley and Alden, Sykes and Cruickshank; but 
they are not worthy of the same consideration, espe- 
cially in consideration of the fact that he has told us, 
as plainly as any one can do, that his examination of 
the plays has not been conducted on any scientific prin- 
ciples. When he shows that he considers that the dis- 
covery of the presence of a writer for whose author- 
ship there is no external evidence can be due only to 
guesswork, one feels that he is destitute of the qualifi- 
cations for the solution of the problem of the Beau- 
mont and Fletcher plays, the authorship of almost every 
one of which has to be determined ultimately by the 
internal evidence. He himself declares the authorship 
of certain plays by writers for whose presence there is 
not the slightest external evidence, and it is not an un- 
fair inference that in such cases he is guilty of the 
guessing which so afflicts his soul. 

It may further be remarked that of the guesswork 
which Macaulay denounces and practices there is no 
more in distinguishing between different periods of 
writing than there is in distinguishing between different 
writers. Revision is often, if not always, distinguish- 


8 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


able from codperative work; and even an investigator 
who does not find it so must at least recognize that fre- 
quently it is impossible as a mere matter of date for 
two writers recognizable in a play to have worked to- 
gether. If, e.g., the hands of both Beaumont and Shirley 
are observable, there is no guesswork whatever in as- 
serting that Shirley was a reviser and not one of the 
original writers. There is, indeed, no room for guess- 
work in an investigation such as this; and no one is 
justified, if he can discern no differences between, say, 
Fletcher and Middleton, in supposing that no differences 
exist. A blind man might as well deny that it was pos- 
sible for any one to see. 

Akin to this is the folly of assuming that judgment 
comes into play only where the authorship of a play 
is known. If one can recognize a writer’s touch only 
when one knows it to be present, one’s discriminative 
powers cannot be very considerable. It is like refraining 
from prophecy till the time for prophecy has passed. 
And if it be wrong to detect the touch of a writer for 
whose presence there is no external evidence, is it not 
equally wrong to fail to recognize the touch of one for 
whose presence there is such evidence? One who ar- 
gues thus ought, to be consistent, to deny Fletcher and 
Massinger’s authorship of Barnavelt and affirm Shake- 
speare’s authorship of A Yorkshire Tragedy and The 
London Prodigal. But consistency has no chance against 
prejudice. Thus Macaulay, who objects to the attribu- 
tion of any work to an author for whom there is no 
external evidence, sees Fletcher in Barnavelt, where 
there is no external evidence for him whatever, while 
denying his presence in Love’s Cure, where there is 


Conservatism and Radicalism 9 


such evidence, and apparently has no idea that there 
is any inconsistency in his attitude. What he is doing is, 
in fact, to accept what he thinks most scholars have ac- 
cepted, and to reject what he thinks most scholars have 
rejected. Such a mental attitude leads only to stagna- 
tion. It may steer clear of follies, but it will certainly 
never make any discoveries. 


Conservatism and Radicalism. 


HEN, some years ago, I wrote for the “Modern 

Language Review” a number of articles on the 
bulk of plays constituting the Shakespeare canon, I urged 
that such examinations must be free from preconceived 
notions and that where a play was attributed to Shake- 
speare the question for the investigator to ask himself 
was not so much, “Is there any reason to question the 
attribution?” as, “Would this seem to me to be Shake- 
speare’s were there no external evidence to that effect?” 
Let the conservative, the academic, the devotional at- 
titude of mind prevail, and we might as well accept 
tradition: one to whom it seems reprehensible to look 
at questions with clear eyes and an open mind ought 
not to undertake investigations of this (or, for the mat- 
ter of that, of any) character. 

Let it not be supposed that I am desirous of de- 
nouncing the conservative habit of mind in such in- 
vestigations as this. Far from it. That type of mind is 
very necessary to counteract the perhaps too great readi- 
ness of the radical temperament to overthrow the tradi- 
tional view. But there are many scholars of this type 
who seem to find it impossible to be conservative without 


10 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


being intolerant or offensive toward those whose mental 
attitude is independent. It is to such intolerance and 
offensiveness that objection is to be taken. The class of 
critic I refer to allows his prejudice to run him into 
injustice, and shows that he considers his imperme- 
ability to new ideas to be a symptom of mental su- 
periority. Scholastic intolerance is only too common. If 
it must exist, let it be reserved for those who, daring 
nothing themselves, fling envenomed darts at those who 
do dare. The thinker is deserving of respect whether 
his attitude be as conservative as that of any of a dozen 
distinguished Elizabethans who might be named or as 
radical as that of Mr. J. M. Robertson. The one type 
of scholar who is worthy of contempt is he who, hav- 
ing no ideas of his own, writes slightingly of every new 
idea emanating from any but his own immediate circle. 

It comes, for instance, with a peculiarly bad grace 
from Sir Edmund Chambers to denounce Fleay as an 
empiric and to sneer at his “pseudo-scholarship.” For 
one whom it is possible to class rather as an antiquarian 
than as a scholar (though his work is of the greatest 
value to scholars) thus to assume superiority over an 
investigator who possessed the perceptive faculty which 
Chambers so conspicuously lacks is amusing, but is also 
irritating. Fleay was often rash; but he had the courage 
of his convictions, and the courage to alter them when 
he became convinced of their falsity. Sir Edmund Cham- 
bers has never shown such courage. It is possible to go 
through his massive work on the Elizabethan stage with- 
out learning his view regarding the authorship of any of 
the many plays with which he deals. He never ventures 
to dissent from the view of the majority. Other his- 


Conservatism and Radicalism II 


torians have acted similarly without arousing resent- 
ment: what causes resentment in the case of Chambers 
is that, blindly accepting the views of the majority, he 
permits himself the luxury of a sneer as regards any 
other views. Similarly, while one is not justified in 
objecting to his disbelief in the value of verse-tests, 
one may reasonably object to his accepting them only 
when it suits himself to do so or in cases where the 
general body of students approve. Sir Edmund Cham- 
bers’ attitude in regard to questions of authorship in 
Elizabethan drama is near akin to the conventional idea 
of morality—that anything is right if only a sufficient 
number of people hold to it. 

In writing thus I hope I shall not be accused of having 
any personal quarrel with Sir Edmund Chambers. I 
have none, and have no particular reason to object to 
any mention he has made of my work. His “Elizabethan 
Stage” is a mine of facts with which the scholar cannot 
dispense. If he had confined himself to facts one would 
have nothing but gratitude for his achievement. The 
gratitude might extend also to the many admirable in- 
ferences he draws from facts, were it not for his un- 
pleasant habit of demanding the strongest proofs of 
views not held by himself, while failing utterly to per- 
ceive the frequent lack of basis for his own beliefs, 
which are generally traditional. He evidently, and no 
doubt quite rightly, has a profound distrust of his ca- 
pacity to discriminate between the different writers of 
the era he deals with; but he need not therefore assume 
that no one is capable of such discrimination. Despite his 
self-distrust, he has ventured on a separation of the 
Shakespeare from the non-Shakespeare portions of Ti- 


12 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


mon and Pericles; but that is doubtless because all 
scholars agree that in each of those plays another hand 
than Shakespeare’s is present. I think I am right in 
saying that of the plays dealt with here the only one 
on which he has expressed an opinion is Henry VIII; 
and that is only half an opinion. 


Attitude toward External Evidence. 


TUDENTS of Elizabethan drama may be divided 

into two classes, excluding those (and they still 
exist and call themselves scholars) who scout internal 
evidence and ridicule the possibility of differentiating 
between the various dramatists of the time. Deaf or 
tone-deaf people may be unable to distinguish between 
Beethoven and Debussy; but there is a difference never- 
theless. Persons who take up such an attitude are put- 
ting themselves on the intellectual level of those who, 
because they are unable to comprehend how it is pos- 
sible to measure stellar spaces, pronounce astronomers 
to be either knaves or self-deluding fools. I am not 
concerned with such folk, but with the two classes of 
student who really count. The one makes the external 
evidence subordinate to the internal; the other reverses 
the process. I range myself with the latter. If I find 
myself arriving at a view that is in opposition to the 
external evidence, I consider very carefully the value 
of that evidence, and, if I find it strong, and irreconcil- 
able with my opinion, I conclude that I am mistaken. 
That seems to me the right attitude, because there is 
naturally more finality about the best class of external 
evidence than about evidence which is the product of 


The Two Folios 13 


individual knowledge and outlook and feeling. The 
weakness of the internal-evidence extremists is that they 
set up their own inferences against concrete facts. How- 
ever strong the internal evidence may be, it is after all 
only a matter of deduction: because the style of a play, 
the literary form, the vocabulary, the phraseology, the 
dramatic technique, the characterization, the philosophy, 
the outlook on life, are characteristic of a certain writer, 
we assume his authorship. It may be a thoroughly sound 
assumption; but if we find another author credited with 
the drama on the impeccable authority of a contempo- 
rary, or claiming its composition in a dedication to it 
in its published form, we shall not be justified in holding 
fast to our assumption. It is, of course, a different matter 
if the external evidence can be shaken, if it prove on 
examination to be peccable; but there is always a dan- 
ger that the investigator may magnify its weaknesses 
in order to prove his view to be correct. One sees that 
tendency displayed very markedly by students of the 
other school to which I have referred. I have tried to 
avoid that danger; and, not belonging to that school, I 
think I have succeeded. Whether I have or not is for 
my readers to judge. 


The Two Folios. 


HE first ‘collected edition of the plays of Beau- 
mont and Fletcher was issued in 1647 with a 
title-page as follows: 
Comedies and Tragedies, written by Francis Beaumont and John 
Fletcher, gentlemen. Never printed before, and now published 


by the authours originall copies. Si quid habent veri Vatum przsa- 
gia vivam. London, Printed for Humphrey Robinson, at the three 


14. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Pidgeons, and for Humphrey Moseley at the Princes Armes in 
St Pauls. 


In an address by the stationer to the readers Moseley 
claimed, quite truly, that not one of the plays included 
in the volume had ever previously been printed. He 
further asserted that the volume contained “not any- 
thing spurious or impos’d.” “I had the originalls,” he 
says, “from such as received them from the authours 
themselves; by those and none other I publish this 
edition.”” That may or may not be true. The third claim 
was probably made in good faith; but it does not fol- 
low that it is correct: in fact, it certainly is not correct. 
Here it is: “As here is nothing but what is genuine 
and theirs, so you will find here are no omissions; you 
have not only all I could get, but all that you must 
ever expect. For (besides those which were formerly 
printed) there is not any piece written by these authours, 
either joyntly or severally, but what are now publish’d 
to the world in this volume. One only play I must 
except (for I meane to deale openly); ’tis a comedy 
called the Wilde-goose Chase, which hath beene long 
lost, and I feare irrecoverable.” 

The fourth claim made by Moseley may be regarded 
as open to much question: “When these comedies and 
tragedies were presented on the stage, the actours 
omitted some scenes and passages (with the authour’s 
consent) as occasion led them; and when private friends 
desir’d a copy they then (and justly too) transcribed 
what they acted. But now you have both all that was 
acted and all that was not, even the perfect full origi- 
nalls without the least mutilation.” And further Mose- 


The Two Folios 15 


ley tells readers, “It was once in my thoughts to have 
printed Mr. Fletcher’s workes by themselves, because 
single and alone he would make a just volume: but, 
since never parted while they lived, I conceived it not 
equitable to seperate their ashes.” (This should be 
enough to free Moseley from the charge of deliberate 
dishonesty that has been recklessly brought against him 
for putting Beaumont’s name to a volume containing 
many plays with which he had nothing to do.) Finally, 
in a postscript, he states that “some Prologues and 
Epilogues (here inserted) were not written by the au- 
thours of this volume, but made by others on the re- 
vivall of severall playes.” That is a fact well worth 
bearing in mind. 

The first folio contained 34 plays and a masque. The 
second, issued in 1679, is styled “Fifty comedies and 
tragedies,” but actually contains 52 and the masque, the 
additional matter consisting of seventeen plays printed 
in quarto before the publication of the first folio, as 
well as The Wild-goose Chase, which had been found 
and given to the press in 1652. The booksellers (John 
Martyn, Henry Herringman, and Richard Mariot) 
claimed that they gave “all both tragedies and comedies 
that were ever writ by our authors,” and perhaps thought 
they were telling the truth, as they were not. They were 
probably unaware also that one of the plays they in- 
cluded had been claimed by Shirley as his after its pub- 


lication in quarto. 


16 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The (Contents of the Foltos. 


T may be well to set out the contents of the first 
I folio, in the order in which the plays were included: 


The Mad Lover Bonduca 

The Spanish Curate The Sea-voyage 

The Little French Lawyer The Double Marriage 
The Custom of the Country The Pilgrim 

The Noble Gentleman The Knight of Malta 
The Captain The Woman’s Prize 
Beggars’ Bush Love’s Cure 

The Coxcomb The Honest Man’s Fortune 
The False One The Queen of Corinth 
The Chances Women Pleased 

The Loyal Subject A Wife for a Month 
The Laws of Candy Wit at several Weapons 
The Lover’s Progress Valentinian 

The Island Princess The Fair Maid of the Inn 
The Humorous Lieutenant Love’s Pilgrimage 

The Nice Valour Four Plays in One 

The Maid in the Mill Masque 


The Prophetess 


The folio of 1679 added: 


The Maid’s Tragedy The Wild-goose Chase 
Philaster The Knight of the Burning 
A King and no King Pestle 

The Scornful Lady The Night-walker 

The Elder Brother The Coronation 

Wit without Money Cupid’s Revenge 

The Faithful Shepherdess The Two Noble Kinsmen 
Rule a Wife Thierry and Theodoret 
Monsieur Thomas The Woman-hater 


The Bloody Brother 


COMEDIES - 


‘TRAGEDIES 


FRANCIS BEAVMONT 


Written 5 ye one 
IOHN FLETCHER ) 


Printed for Humpbrey Robinfon, at the three Pidgeons, and for 


Humphrey Mofeley at the Princes Armes in S* Pauls 
Church-yard. 1647. 


| Neverprinted before, | 
And now publifhed by the Authours 
Originall Copies. | 
e Sie | | 
| Si quid babent veri Vatum prefagia, vivam. | | 
a ee Se Hon, | 
| 
| 


' 
| : | 
epee ease eel IN a ts 2 tn i BSE nee een ris 21s 
eee eee eS es eee 


Facsimile of title-page of first Beaumont and Fletcher 
folio. 


Dramatists Concerned 17 


The Dramatists Concerned. 


if must not be supposed that, because these plays 
were called Beaumont and Fletcher’s, no other au- 
thor had anything to do with them, or that Beaumont 
and Fletcher were both concerned in all. My friend, 
Mr. H. Dugdale Sykes, to whose work in this field I 
shall have occasion to make much reference, tells me, 
in a letter to which I feel sure he will not object to 
my referring, that he considers “it is time someone 
plainly and emphatically repudiated the Beaumont and 
Fletcher title to these plays as a mere bookseller’s 
dodge.” I do not so regard the publisher’s ascription. 
All he claims is that a play in his folio is entitled to 
be there inasmuch as it contains an appreciable propor- 
tion of the work of either Beaumont or Fletcher. Simi- 
larly, the publishers of the Shakespeare folio did not 
mean to infer that every line was Shakespeare’s, but only 
that every play they published was at least partly, per- 
haps mainly, his. Mr. Sykes thinks a Beaumont and 
Fletcher volume should contain no work by others than 
Beaumont and Fletcher. Such a volume would be of very 
slender dimensions indeed. 

That other dramatists were concerned in some of the 
plays we know for certain. The participation of William 
Rowley in The Maid in the Mill is shown clearly by an 
entry in Herbert’s Office-book; and from the same 
source we learn that The Night-walker, though origi- 
nally Fletcher’s, was corrected by Shirley. Of the pres- 
ence of Massinger there can be no doubt. Cokaine men- 
tions the fact no less than three times. In his “Small 


18 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Poems,” published 1658, occurs the following: “To 
the publishers of the works of Beaumont and Fletcher”: 


“In the large book of Playes you late did print 
(In Beaumonts and in Fletchers name) why in’t 
Did you not justice? Give to each his due? 

For Beaumont (in those many) writ in few: 

And Massinger in other few; The Main 

Being sole issues of sweet Fletchers brain. 

But how came I (you ask) so much to know? 

Fletchers chief bosome-friend informed me so. 

I’th next impression therefore justice do, 

And print their old one’s in one volume too: 

For Beaumonts work and Fletchers should come forth 
With all the right belonging to their worth.” 


Again, in his address to Charles Cotton, he says: 


“Had Beaumont lived when this Edition came 
Forth, and beheld his ever living name 
Before Plays that he never writ, how he 
Had frowned and blushed at such Impiety? 
His own Renown no such addition needs 
To have a fame sprung from another’s deedes. 
And my good friend old Philip Massinger 
With Fletcher writ in some that we see there.” 


and, once more, in his epitaph on Massinger, he says, 
“Plays they did write together, were great friends.” 


It will be seen that Sir Aston was of much the same 
opinion as Mr. Sykes holds to-day; but Moseley’s an- 
swer in regard to Massinger would doubtless have been 
that, had he claimed to be including Massinger’s work, 
making that poet one of a triumvirate, the large num- 

*Can Massinger, who was the poet’s good friend, be “Fletcher’s 


chief bosome-friend,” who was Cokaine’s informant, according to the 
first of these three extracts? 


Dramatists Concerned 19 


ber of dramas which he wrote alone would have swelled 
the volume to unwieldy proportions. It may be thought 
unfortunate that he did not indicate the authorship (or 
at least the original authorship) of each play; but seven- 
teenth-century publishers did not share our ideas of the 
importance of definite and complete attributions. 
Though we may be certain that Massinger is present 
in these plays, we have no external evidence to guide us 
as to the identity of the ones in which he was concerned. 
With Shakespeare the case is different. There is strong, 
but not indubitable, evidence as to his participation in 
The Two Noble Kinsmen—evidence that would have 
been accepted unhesitatingly by scholars had it been any 
other than Shakespeare who was concerned. We have, 
therefore, six dramatists whose names are definitely con- 
nected with plays contained in the second folio; but we 
know too that Daborne and Field collaborated with 
Fletcher and Massinger in an unidentified play which 
may or may not have come down to us. The eight 
dramatists named are, then, the ones whose work there 
is good reason to look for in the Beaumont and Fletcher 
plays; but also there is a distinct probability of the 
presence of four others. In a play, The Widow, not 
contained in the folios, Fletcher’s name is joined with 
the names of Middleton and Jonson, as it is joined with 
Shakespeare’s on the title-page of The Two Noble Kins- 
men; but the evidence in the case of Shakespeare is 
_much stronger than is that for Fletcher’s participation 
with Middleton and Jonson in the authorship of The 
Widow. The probability of the presence of work by 
Jonson in the Beaumont and Fletcher collection is, how- 
ever, not small, in view of the fact that one of his plays 


20 | The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


contains matter found also in Love’s Pilgrimage, and 
the further fact of the traditional association of his name 
with that of Beaumont. Nor must the possibility of the 
presence of Brome and D’avenant be overlooked, the 
former having edited two of the plays and supplied a 
dedication to one of them on its first publication four- 
teen years after the death of Fletcher, and, in his 
capacity of “poet” to the company which produced it 
and others of the plays, having quite possibly acted 
also as reviser; while D’avenant, the poet of a rival 
company, is an even likelier reviser, who also wrote a 
prologue for a revival of The Woman-hater and re- 
wrote The Two Noble Kinsmen (in post-Restoration 
days). 

Though the dramatists I have named are the ones a 
knowledge of whose style and literary habits is most 
essential, there are other possible participants,—a six- 
teenth-century pioneer, an eighteenth-century editor (of 
both of whom I shall speak later), some poets of the 
King’s company (Webster, Tourneur, Heywood, Ford), 
and others who wrote for the Queen’s Revels Chil- 
dren or their successors, either during Beaumont and 
Fletcher’s connection with them or subsequently (Chap- 
man, Dekker, Marston, Barksted, Davenport ),—but the 
only one of these who can be definitely connected with 
either of our authors is Chapman, who wrote com- 
mendatory verses for The Faithful Shepherdess. 


Collaboration and Revision. 
Rage theory that plays underwent a great deal of 


alteration and revision by many writers will seem 
strange only to those who know nothing of the dra- 


eee, 


Collaboration and Revision 21 


matic conditions of the period. There were, for ex- 
ample, at least four versions of Hamlet, at least three 
of Marlowe’s Faustus. It seems indeed as if, whenever 
an old play was revived, it was “brought up to date,” 
topical allusions being inserted, ones no longer having 
any point being omitted, and concessions being made 
to current taste. There are not wanting instances of 
plays only a year or two old being submitted to revision; 
and yet the historian of “The Elizabethan Stage,” Sir 
Edmund Chambers, commenting on The Woman’s 
Prize, commits himself to the statement that he sees 
“no justification for supposing that a play written in 
1605 would undergo revision, as has been suggested, 
in 1610-14”; yet, in dealing with the very next play 
figuring in his monumental work, Philaster, he raises 
no objection to a suggestion that it underwent a drastic 
rewriting only some three years after its first produc- 
tion.” This is one of the many inconsistencies that mar 
the historian’s valuable achievement, seeming, as they 
do, to hint at prejudices and preconceptions that do not 
make for truth. 

And, as no one with a real knowledge of what is 
called the Elizabethan drama will regard much rewrit- 
ing of plays as improbable, so no scholar who has studied 
the subject will think there is any absurdity in suppos- 
ing that as many as three poets collaborated in the pro- 
duction of a play. Three, indeed, is by no means the 
limit. Henslowe’s Diary shows us no less than five work- 
ing together; and we know from an extant letter that 

1In regard to Marston’s Fawn, which he dates 1604, he goes so 


far as to say, “If Kirkham revived the Fawn at Paul’s in 1606, he is 
not unlikely to have had it written up a bit”! 


22 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


at one time Fletcher was collaborating with three others 
—Massinger, Field, and Daborne. Any one then who 
starts with a prejudice against the idea of three or four 
men working together or against the theory that any 
play has been subjected to considerable rewriting is 
handicapping himself with assumptions that will ren- 
der it difficult for him to arrive at the truth. 


The Plays to be Considered. 


HE plays that the “Beaumont and Fletcher” in- 

vestigator needs to examine include not only the 
fifty-two appearing in the folio of 1679, but every other 
one associated with the name of either of our authors 
by any external evidence whatever. The number will 
thus be swelled to sixty-three by the inclusion of The 
Faithful Friends, Double Falsehood, The Widow, The 
Opportunity, The New Inn, The Lost Lady, The Bond- 
man, W omen beware Women, T he Unfortunate Lovers, 
Love’s Cruelty, and The Inconstant Lady. There are 
moreover three plays—A Very Woman, Barnavelt, and 
Henry VIII—which, though connected with neither 
author’s name by any external evidence, are admitted 
by almost all students to be partly Fletcher’s: and there 
are still another three—The Birth of Merlin, Julius 
Cesar, and Stukeley—that assuredly need to be con- 
sidered. Any one wishing to exhaust all the probabilities 
may add half-a-dozen plays of Jonson’s—The Silent 
Woman, The Alchemist, Catiline, Bartholomew Fair, 
The Sad Shepherd, and The Devil Is an Ass—on the 
strength of Dryden’s statement that “Beaumont was so 
accurate a judge of plays, that Ben Jonson, while he 


Bases for Knowledge of Authors 23 


lived, submitted all his writings to his censure, and, ’tis 
thought, used his judgment in correcting, if not contriv- 
ing, all his plots,” supported as it is by Langbaine’s as- 
sertion that “Beaumont . . . so admirably understood 
the Art of the Stage that even Johnson himself thought 
it no disparagement to submit his Writings to his Cor- 
rection.” Neither writer can be said to be of much au- 
thority; but, for all that, it might perhaps be worth 
while for some one to search those of Jonson’s plays dat- 
ing between 1604 and 1616 for signs of Beaumont. 


Bases for Knowledge of the Authors 
Implicated. 


T is of course necessary, before attempting to ascer- 

tain the authorship of the various parts of these 
plays, to understand thoroughly the methods and pe- 
culiarities of the different writers who took part in 
them; but how are we to determine those methods and 
peculiarities? It may be easy to find a basis for a knowl- 
edge of Massinger, of William Rowley, and of Shirley, 
three of the five dramatists whose work can be positively 
stated to be present in the folio of 1679; but what of 
the other two, of Beaumont and Fletcher themselves? 
Their characteristics have to be learned from the folio 
itself; and that can be done properly only by the exer- 
cise of the greatest caution. Unless a sound basis be dis- 
covered, conclusions are apt to be false. 

As regards Shirley and Massinger the course is clear. 
The former has no less than twenty-seven plays defi- 
nitely claimed by him and of which his sole authorship 
is undoubted. Equally strongly claimed by him are an- 


24 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


other three (The Coronation, The Opportunity, and 
The Traitor); nor has he any rival for the authorship 
of Ajax and The Arcadia, both of which were issued 
during his lifetime as his. If we add The Constant Maid 
and The Ball, as we may do less certainly, we have the 
whole of his recognized plays to draw on with the ex- 
ception of Chabot and The Night-walker. 

Of the sixteen plays that go under the sole name of 
Massinger, ten—The Bondman, The Duke of Milan, 
The Emperor of the East, The Great Duke of Flor- 
ence, The Maid of Honour, A New Way to Pay Old 
Debts, The Picture, The Renegado, The Roman Actor, 
and The Unnatural Combat—afford a very sure foot- 
ing, since all of them were not merely published as 
Massinger’s, but also bore dedications by him; nor is 
there any reason to question his sole authorship of The 
Guardian and Believe as you list. 

There should then be no difficulty in obtaining an 
accurate idea of the characteristics of either Massinger 
or Shirley. Rowley is in less good case. There are but 
four plays attributed wholly to him, and not one of 
them is definitely claimed by him. A Match at Mid- 
night merely carries his initials, and is credited to Dek- 
ker in an old catalogue. It has, moreover, certainly 
undergone alteration, either by the author or by some 
one else. This then affords no safe criterion. Neither 
does A Shoemaker a Gentleman, even though the 
“W.R.” of the quarto is shown by the Stationers’ Regis- 
ter entry to stand for Rowley. Its authority cannot be 
accepted without question, since it was given to the press 
only after the demise of its reputed author. One must 
then depend upon Al?s Lost by Lust (which an old 


Bases for Knowledge of Authors 25 


catalogue ascribes to Massinger) and A Woman never 
Vext (which has certainly suffered revision). The plays 
in which we may be most sure of the presence of Row- 
ley are two of which he was but part author—The 
Travels of three Brothers and A Fair Quarrel. Joint 
plays, however, cannot serve our purpose. 

There is but one play unequivocally claimed by 
Fletcher as wholly his (The Faithful Shepherdess) ; 
and unfortunately it is his only venture in a particular 
genre, and can hardly be regarded as affording a clear 
indication of his ordinary style. The play most defi- 
nitely his in which his style is to be clearly seen is The 
Humorous Lieutenant, and after that come The 
W omamn’s Prize, Monsieur Thomas, The Loyal Subject, 
The Mad Lover, The Wild-goose Chase, A Wife for a 
Month, and Rule a Wife. These do not give quite so safe 
criteria as The Humorous Lieutenant, because, though 
they were equally surely Fletcher’s in the first place, 
we cannot be certain that they have not undergone altera- 
tion—in fact, in the case of The Wild-goose Chase, 
we may feel confident that it has. The evidence for 
Fletcher’s sole authorship of Valentinian 1s somewhat 
more questionable, but it is good enough to warrant 
one’s taking it as showing Fletcher’s style in tragedy. 
And, finally, The Chances may be added, though it 
may be held to contain a late insertion. 

When we come to consider Beaumont, we have a less 
simple proposition before us. It is true that we possess 
a masque which is entirely his; but, not being drama 
(for which reason it is ignored here), it gives no indi- 
cation of his dramatic characteristics." There is not, un- 


1 Gayley, however, takes it as a test of Beaumont’s style, and com- 


26 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


fortunately, any play extant of which he can definitely 
be declared sole author. There are, however, four plays 
regarding which the evidence is sufficiently strong, if 
not absolutely impeccable, to warrant us in definitely 
accepting them as the work of himself and Fletcher. 
When then the student has obtained a thorough knowl- 
edge of Fletcher’s manner from a study of the eleven 
plays by that writer to which attention has been di- 
rected, he may turn to these four—Philaster, The 
Scornful Lady, A King and no King, and The Maid’s 
Tragedy—and, marking off as Fletcher’s those portions 
manifesting the Fletcherian characteristics, may study 
the balance, in order to obtain an acquaintance with the 
dramatic and literary qualities of his partner. It is not 
as good a method as could be desired; but it is the best 
that is possible in the circumstances. 

It is perhaps advisable here to utter a word of warn- 
ing. Those who wish to ascertain an author’s style must 
not make the common mistake of commencing with a 


pares it with Fletcher’s Faithful Shepherdess. He gives the following 
figures for the 131 blank verse lines of the Masque and the first 163 
lines of The Faithful Shepherdess: 

Final pauses—M, 60 per cent (big for B) ; FS, 50 (low for Fl) 

Double endings—M, less than 1 per cent; FS, nearly 9 

Feminine cesura—M, 40 per cent; FS, 40 

Opening stressed syllable—M, 10; FS, fully 35 
“In the matter of anapestic substitutions and of stress-syllable openings 
for the verse-sections after the cesura,” he says, “Beaumont is inelastic, 
while Fletcher displays a marvellous freedom. In the Maske we en- 
counter but rarely the rhetorical pause within the verse compensating 
for an absent thesis or arsis, while in Fletcher we find frequent in- 
stances of this device, and an occasional jolting cxsura.” (In quoting I 
have abbreviated, but without altering.) In the purely Beaumont scenes 
of The Woman-hater he finds “the same infrequency of stress-syllable 
openings, of anapestic substitutions, and of suppressed syllables.” 


Order of Plays for Study 27 


study of his early plays. They should begin with his lat- 
est—the latest of those which really significant external 
evidence declares to be his. In his early stages a writer is 
always more or less imitative, not having developed a 
manner of his own. To accept such work as characteristic 
is to form an altogether false conception of both the 
writer’s capabilities and his stylistic characteristics. There 
is no dramatist of the period in whom there is a more 
marked difference between the early conventional imi- 
tative manner and the later style, deliberate and indi- 
vidual, than Middleton; yet I have seen a study of his 
work which took as the basis of an understanding of 
his style three or four of his early plays, including one— 
Blurt, Master Constable—which is attributed to him on 
very slender evidence, and is, if my judgment be cor- 
rect, not his at all. 


The Order in which the Plays should be Studied. 


F then I may be permitted to advise the student who 

may wish to attempt to settle for himself the author- 
ship of the various plays that go under the joint names 
of Beaumont and Fletcher, I shall urge him to begin 
with the latest that there is sound external evidence for 
regarding as Fletcher’s, gradually working down to 
what would seem to be the earliest. That would mean 
beginning with Rule a Wife, and proceeding through A 
Wife for a Month, T he Wild-goose Chase, The Humor- 
ous Lieutenant, The Mad Lover, The Loyal Subject, 
Valentinian, Monsieur Thomas, and The Faithful Shep- 
herdess to The Womamn’s Prize. I should then follow 
with The Chances, which there is good reason to regard 


28 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


as practically entirely Fletcher’s. After familiarizing 
himself with the respective styles of William Rowley 
and Shirley, the student might then in turn take up 
The Maid in the Mill and The Night-walker. Next, 
attention might be directed to nine plays with which 
Beaumont cannot possibly have been concerned—T he 
Lover's Progress (which is known to have been origi- 
nally Fletcher’s, but to have been altered by another 
dramatist), The Spanish Curate, The Prophetess, The 
Island Princess, The Pilgrim, The Double Marriage, 
The False One, The Little French Lawyer, The Custom 
of the Country (it being known regarding these last- 
mentioned three that in every one of them more than 
a single writer was concerned); but before studying 
these nine it would be advisable for the investigator to 
steep himself in Massinger, since it is in these plays 
written subsequent to the death of Beaumont that Mas- 
singer’s hand is most likely to be found. The Knight of 
Malta and The Queen of Corinth might follow; and 
The Elder Brother might come next. Though it claims 
to be a posthumous production of Fletcher’s, there are 
reasons against accepting the claim. 

Then, and not till then, should the student turn his 
attention to the plays in which Beaumont may be con- 
cerned. Starting with the four regarding which there is 
the nearest approach to certainty—The Scornful Lady, 
A King and no King, The Maia’s Tragedy, and Philas- 
ter, in that order—and following with The Coxcomb, 
which would stand in the same line but for the more 
than likelihood of its having been subjected to revision, 
he may then be prepared to tackle the plays dating 
from Beaumont’s lifetime concerning which the external 


Grounds of Discrimination 29 


evidence is either contradictory or vague or in which it 
is otherwise complicated—The Woman-hater, The 
Knight of the Burning Pestle, Bonduca, Cupid’s Re- 
venge, Love's Cure, Four Plays in One, The Captain, 
Wit without Money, Women Pleased, The Honest 
Man’s Fortune, Double Falsehood, and The Two No- 
ble Kinsmen (these last two necessitating a knowledge 
of Shakespeare). Three other plays that must have been 
early in their first form—The Nice Valour, Wit at sev- 
eral Weapons, and The Noble Gentleman—may be 
taken next; and with them may be named The Faithful 
Friends, which might have been mentioned somewhat 
sooner but for the corruptness of its text. Another left 
till late for a similar reason is The Sea-voyage, which 
might otherwise have found a place with The Spanish 
Curate and The Prophetess. After The Sea-voyage the 
investigator may turn to the very difficult late (or ap- 
parently late) play, The Laws of Candy, and finally to 
the exceedingly controversial dramas of dubious (but 
almost certainly mixed) date—The Fair Maid of the 
Inn, Love's Pilgrimage, Beggars’ Bush, Thierry, and 
The Bloody Brother. And, finally, after examining The 
Widow and others of inadequate external evidence, the 
student will have to turn his attention to plays, such as 
Barnavelt, concerning which there is no external evi- 
dence whatever of the presence of either Beaumont or 


Fletcher. 


Grounds of Discrimination. 


HE work here attempted is not to be undertaken 
without a knowledge of the peculiar characteris- 
tics of all the various writers I have named, and espe- 


30 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


cially of the three chief authors concerned. Let me try 
to make clear the general lines on which I have pro- 
ceeded in the endeavor to distinguish between them. To 
attempt to discriminate solely or primarily according to 
their several mental processes or moral tendencies 1s 
futile; nor does a consideration of their purely dramatic 
qualities, such as characterization or the technique of the 
theater, afford much firmer footing. It is quite possible 
for a dramatist to rise in a single play high above or to 
fall far below his ordinary powers of character-delinea- 
tion; and he is always liable to depart from his wonted 
dramatic technique under the influence or by the advice 
or with the assistance of a fellow dramatist who may not 
do a line of the writing and whose assistance may be 
wholly unacknowledged. To judge a character to be 
Shakespeare’s, for example, because it is masterly in 
conception and delineation would be foolish in the ex- 
treme; and to say that because the conduct of a play is 
Fletcherian it must be by Fletcher would be no less 
stupid. Nor would it be right if we found a play soaked 
in theories of the divine right of kings to assume the 
authorship of either Beaumont or Fletcher; nor yet does 
Massinger’s peculiar and unpleasant habit of gloating 
over “lawful pleasures” justify us in regarding such 
gloatings as a sure indication of his presence. It is not by 
the mental or the moral or the dramatic that we may 
best judge, but by the literary—the language employed 
(vocabulary of word and phrase), the form into which 
that language is put (that is to say, the construction of 
the sentences), the facture of the verse into which those 
sentences are moulded (that is to say, the outward and 
obvious qualities of it, such as the frequency of rhyme, 


Fletchers Verstfication a1 


the proportion of double endings, and the percentage of 
end-stopt lines), and the indefinite music that permeates 
it all (the rise and fall of the melody, proceeding one 
hardly knows whence, but mainly doubtless from the 
distribution of stresses). This last may well be the most 
subtle, the most elusive, the most insecure, the most 
perilous, of these four means; but the importance of it 
is enormous. It may be possible to have two poets 
neither of whom has any very individual vocabulary, 
whose phrasing presents no peculiarities, and whose 
verse is built up apparently on identical lines, with a 
similar employment of rhyme and double endings and 
central pauses and all the other outward and visible signs 
of the metrist, and yet for the verse of the two men to be 
unmistakably different in the effect upon the ear. It is the 
test on which I have mainly relied; but it has one great 
disadvantage: its results cannot be tabulated, as can those 
of vocabulary, of sentence-building, of verse-construc- 
tion; and therefore, however convinced one may be of 
the correctness of one’s judgment, one can give no 
proofs—at least, none that will appeal to those whose 
ears are differently attuned. I have not, of course, con- 
fined myself to this one test, but have taken into con- 
sideration the other literary qualities I have mentioned, 
even though I may not give the proofs afforded by 
these. 


Fletcher’s Versification. 


HE task of distinguishing between the hand of 
| Pe Fletcher and that of any of his comrades is ren- 
dered much less difficult than it would otherwise be by 
the fact that of all the Elizabethan dramatists it is he 


32 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


who has the most distinctive and individual style. In 
either the originality or the qualities of his versification 
he is approached by but a single writer, Middleton, to 
whose remarkable individuality and sovereign literary 
genius justice has never been done, save by Swinburne. 
When either of these two poets is at his most charac- 
teristic, he can hardly be mistaken for the other; at 
other times there is a likeness between them, though it 
is seldom so marked as to be liable to lead to confusion. 
In his late work Fletcher is almost unmistakable; in his 
earlier dramas he is much less distinctive. He is distin- 
guished by his excessive use of double endings, of which 
he usually has about seventy in every one hundred 
lines. To show how truly this may be said to be a 
distinctive mark of Fletcher, I may mention that his 
percentage is more than half as much again as Mas- 
singer’s, who, with the exception of Middleton, makes 
the nearest approach to him of all his fellow dramatists. 
Triple and quadruple endings he also has; but he is 
especially noted for his habit of emphasizing the extra 
(11th) syllable of a verse. Examples are to be picked up 


by the dozen. Here are two or three: 


“You do but change a man; your fortune’s constant, 
That by your ancient valours is tied fast sté/J; 


1 As an example of the excess of Fletcher's employment of this metri- 
cal device, I may direct attention to IV. 3 of The Loyal Subject. There 
we find a succession of 16 double endings and one triple ending sepa- 
rated by only one single ending from another succession of 19 double 
endings and two triple; and but a few lines further on in the same scene 
there occur 38 successive lines of which 31 are double endings, six 
triple endings, and but one a single ending; and even that one may be 
read as a double ending, consisting as it does of the word “power.” This 
far exceeds anything to be found even in Middleton. 


Fletchers Versification 33 


Be valiant still, and good; and when you fight mext, 
When flame and fury make but one face of horror, 
When the great rest of all your honour’s up, 
When you would think a spell to shake the enemy, 
Remember me; my prayers shall be with ye.” 
(The Loyal Subject, 1. 3.) 


“And thou, good sword, that knew’st the way to conquest, 
Upon whose fatal edge despair and death dwelt.” 
(The Loyal Subject, 1. 3.) 


It will be noticed that the syllables “still,” “next,” 
“dwelt,” cannot, to use Darley’s words, “be lapt under 
the teeth” like the extra syllable in other lines; each 
“stands out as a substantive part of the verse, which is 
thereby augmented beyond a decasyllable.” That this 
construction was intentional is shown by the frequent ob- 
tainment of it by means of some conventional and wholly 
unnecessary end word (such as “still” or “else” or 
“too”), thrown in for no other purpose;” and simi- 
larly we find “sir,” etc., used to give the ordinary 
double ending.* 

Another characteristic of Fletcher’s verse is abun- 


2“And in your absence; that by me enforced still” (M. Thomas), 
the “still” being not merely unnecessary, but actually opposed to the 
sense. But Fletcher cared not how inappropriate a word might be as 
long as it sufficed to give the verse the cadence he affected; and so we 
find “still,” “now,” and such-like words, dragged in by the horns. 

3 “We are no children this way. Do ye hear, sir?” 

(Valentinian, 11. 4.) 

The word “lady” that Fletcher often affixes to a line that is naturally 
complete without it gives us the extra emphatic followed by an extra 
light syllable; and “gentlemen,” which he also uses occasionally, the 
same followed by two light syllables: 


“Time and the wars together make me stoop, gentlemen.” 
(The Loyal Subject, 1. 3.) 


34 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


dance of trisyllabic feet. This Darley* describes as “the 
frequent supplanting of one long syllable in a line by 
two, three, four, or even more short syllables, which, 
pronounced rapidly together, take up about the same 
time as the supplanted syllable, and therefore lengthens” 
such verse to the eye, but not (or little) to the ear.” 
He gives a fine instance of this, from The Custom of the 
Country: 


/ , / r V4 
“Cannot a man fall, into one of your drunken cellars, 


/ / / # Z 
And venture the breaking on’s neck, your trap-doors open.” 


which, with all due respect to Darley, should be read 
as I have marked it. This tendency makes many of 
Fletcher’s lines quite lyrical, as e.g., 
— VY Ww — Y WY — Vv WwW, — 
“Down with ’em, down with ’em, down with the gates.” 
(The Loyal Subject, 1V. 6.) 


and the second of these two lines from A Very Woman, 


“He will be as wanton, when he has a bone broken, 
Ne a ae Nae ets W NAS oe 
As a cat in a bowl on the water.” 


Weak endings and what I may call improper run-on 
verse are by no means common in Fletcher; and in- 
deed he pauses at the end of about 90 per cent of his 


* Darley’s introduction to the works of Beaumont and Fletcher re- 
mains the best critical examination of their merits and defects—cer- 
tainly of their defects, It is not merely subtle: it is also intelligent and 
intelligible; and these are rare virtues in a critic. Much of what he 
says of them jointly applies to them severally; but we must remember 
that he made no attempt to separate their work. 

®In Fletcher’s early work trisyllabic feet are no commoner than in 
Beaumont or Massinger, 


Fletcher’s Versification 35 


lines. This is quite a distinctive feature of his verse: of 
the fearful trammels that held back the early drama- 
tists, he threw off the monotonous succession of iambic 
after iambic, and remained bound by—I may say 
strengthened the bonds of—the curse of final pauses. 
He and Middleton alone partook not of the greater 
freedom of Beaumont and Shakespeare and Massinger; 
and their purpose was the same as that which dic- 
tated their adoption of double endings.° They strove to 
arrive at ease of dialogue, naturalness, liveliness, ac- 
tion; and they succeeded in no small measure. Fletcher’s 
apparent carelessness of all the rules that govern meter, 
his abundant use of double endings (both emphatic and 
unemphatic), and his rejection of run-on lines (at least, 
to any extent), were all parts of his system. And he finds 
his justification in the suitability of his verse for the 
comedy and farce for which other dramatists found 
prose necessary; nor is the conversation of Fletcher’s 
characters, albeit in verse, less natural than theirs. He 
has not got the credit for this that he deserves; for he 
and Middleton were the inventors of the best substitute 
for prose that verse has yet given us, though I am far 
from saying that the invention was used properly. If 
the reader, imbued with the idea that all the Eliza- 
bethans wrote without aim or object, be inclined to as- 
cribe to accident what was really the result of premedi- 
tation, let him look at the blank verse in The Faithful 
Shepherdess, and he will find it wanting in all Fletcher’s 
peculiarities, simply because of their (supposed) unsuit- 
ability to pastoral comedy. This shows plainly that 


6 This union of end-stopt lines with double endings is to be found 
in the work of no other Elizabethan. 


36 ©The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fletcher could write in another style when he chose, or 
when he considered his system unfitting the matter in 
hand. For my own part, I am no admirer of his verse, 
principally perhaps because of the excess to which he 
pushed its every characteristic; but, for all that, it can- 
not be denied that he gained the appearance of careless 
ease that he desired, and, while he always preserved 
meter—his own peculiar meter—, made the verse, as 
verse, as unobtrusive as possible, and his speeches the 
most natural things, in their way (excepting only Mid- 
dleton’s), in English comedy. It need scarcely be said, 
when all this is considered, that his sentences are not 
constructed in the rounded or rhetorical style, though 
the mannered cadence of his verse and the extrava- 
gant use of all his peculiarities of expression (of which 
more anon) brought him back to the very monotony he 
was seeking to avoid, and showed the effort he was 
trying to hide. He was undramatic by the very eagerness 
with which he pursued his desire to be, or to seem, 
natural. 

Fletcher scarcely ever used rhyme. To prove this, 
let us examine four of the plays most certainly his. 
Putting aside final rhymes in the last scenes, we find 
two scenes in The Humorous Lieutenant ending in 
rhyme (one in three couplets), four in The Loyal Sub- 
ject (one in two couplets), two in A Wife for a Month, 
and one in The Mad Lover; and in all the four plays 

7 Of all the “Beaumont and Fletcher” plays, only four (The Two 
Noble Kinsmen, The Laws of Candy, Monsieur Thomas, and The Tri- 
umph of Time) do not end in rhyme; indeed, the last two completed 


lines of Monsieur Thomas, which ends in a short line, rhyme; so that 
that play may be omitted from the short list of exceptions. 


Fletcher’s Literary Eccentricities 37 


only four incidental rhymes.* And, except in his very 
early work, he is even freer from prose than from 
rhyme. Fleay’s assertion that he used no prose whatever 
is, however, too much to believe, unless we are prepared 
to admit that some other writer inserted pieces of prose in 
scenes unquestionably Fletcher’s. But not only do we 
find that he used prose in his early work; but we see 
also that that prose shows many of the characteristics 
that distinguish his verse. I shall have occasion to say a 
few more words on this subject when dealing with Phi- 
laster. It may be added that Fletcher was fond of allit- 
eration and remarkably skilled in the use of it; but he 
was not alone in this regard. 

8 Two of them are in The Mad Lover; one being a double ending 
rhyme, while the other is a real curiosity, consisting, as it does, of a 
rhyme on Fletcher’s favorite extra emphatic syllable only: 


“And, if thou canst be wise, learn to be good too; 
»T will give thee nobler lights than both thine eyes do.” 


(III. 3.) 
Fletcher’s Literary Eccentricities. 


E may say just as reasonably of the construction 

of Fletcher’s sentences as of the forms of his 
verse that he deliberately adopted certain peculiarities, 
and employed every one of them to an extent that was 
truly ridiculous, to the destruction of all dignity, of all 
sweetness, of all that simplicity of diction that is of the 
very essence of true grandeur of expression. His sense- 
less repetitions are as intentional as, and even more irri- 
tating than, his verse-methods. In Women Pleased we 
have, 


“Once more you are welcome, sir; to me you are welcome, 
To her that honours you” ; 


38 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


where any other dramatist would have said “You are 
welcome, sir.” Again, in Beggars’ Bush (III. 4) we have 


“And therefore give her leave, that only loves you, 
Truly and dearly loves you, give her joy leave 
To bid you welcome.” 


Sometimes the repetition is quite Poéan in manner, 
though altogether wanting in the sweet and subtle 
beauty in which Poe would have clothed it. In Women 
Pleased we have the following grotesque attempt to 
be pathetic: 


“But through the world, the wide world, thus to wander, 
The wretched world, alone, no comfort with me.”* 


1 From one of his best and most characteristic plays, The Island Prin- 
cess, I cull the following examples of his trick of repetition, his habit 
of what Gayley calls “elocutionary after-thought,” his manner of piling 
up words and phrases to add to the effect: 

“This man, princes, 
I must thank heartily indeed, and truly; 
For this man saw me in’t and redeemed me: 
He looked upon me sinking, and then caught me— 
This, sister, this, this all man, this all valor, 
This pious man. 


This noble bulwark, 
This lance and honor of our age and kingdom, 
This that I never can reward nor hope 
To be once worthy of the name of friend to: 

This, this man, from the bowels of my sorrows, 
Has new-begot my name.” 
CII. 9.) 

“Oh, that Armusia, that new thing, that stranger, 
That flag stuck to rob me of mine honor, 

That murdering chain shot at me from my country, 
That goodly plague that I must court to kill me. 
... That brave thing has undone me, has sunk me, 
Has trod me, like a name in sand, to nothing.” 


(III. 1.) 


Fletcher's Literary Eccentricities 39 


One can scarcely enjoy his plays (I mean those written 
without Beaumont’s codperation) because of the resent- 
ment his methods inspire one with. He sought for free- 
dom, and found feebleness; his passion, which was 
reached by a cumulative process, is forced and preten- 
tious, his grandeur is tinsel; nothing is real; the skill of 
the conjurer, the touch of the trickster, is visible every- 
where. He was destitute of pathos; but he had it at 
command, and how pathetic his work could be some of 
his early plays, where his language partakes of the sim- 
plicity of his partner’s, show plainly enough.” How he 
could, as in III. 1 of Monsieur Thomas, feign an in- 
tensity that his subject made it wholly impossible for 
him to feel is beyond my ability to comprehend. In 
the scene I have mentioned there is all the seeming of 


“Your magazine’s afire, sir. Help, help suddenly. 
The castle too is in danger, in much danger. 
All will be lost. Get the people presently, 
And all that are your guard; and all help—all hands, sir.” 


(ile) 
“Get me some drink. Give me whole tuns of drink, 
Whole cisterns.” 
(II, 7.) 
“Count me a heavy, sleepy fool, a coward, 
A coward past recovery, a confirm’d coward, 
One without carriage or common sense.” 
(II. 8.) 
“4 little force must be applied upon him— 
Now, now applied—a little force, to humble him.” 
(IV. 4.) 


Note how entirely the pattern of this mosaic matches that of the passage 
quoted above from Beggars’ Bush. It is Fletcher’s so distinctly and so 
distinctively that its occurrence in any play would be almost sufficient 
to proclaim his presence. 

2It was unfortunate for the fame of Fletcher that he wrote so long: 
he lived to show his faults and weaknesses, and to belittle his merits. 


40 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


earnestness in Cellide’s speeches, and the reader can 
hardly help thinking that the author actually believes 
in the genuineness of his mock-fine situation. 


Fletcher’s Dramatic Faculty. 


UT, though Fletcher had nothing of the earnestness 

of the artist, nothing of the truth of the teacher, 
nothing of the wisdom of the philosopher, there is much 
to enjoy in his comedies and romantic dramas, even if 
the enjoyment is tinged with regret that such great 
powers should have been wasted so pitifully. The fine 
madness of the true Elizabethans, the imagination that 
flies to the sublime, the tragic genius that illuminates by 
a single touch, the intellect that fathoms the philosophy 
of life, he had not, and cared not for;* but he had a 
pretty and playful fancy, and his verse is the most ex- 
quisitely musical (when he allows it to be) that the 
drama offers us. His humor, too, is undoubted; and, 
though very few of the Elizabethans move us to 
laughter, Fletcher is one of those few (and Beaumont 
is another); but his incompactness robs his humor of 
all satiric edge. His comic characters, though often too 
farcical, and sometimes mere Jonsonian humors, unre- 
deemed by Ben’s greatness of execution, are now and 
then hit off very happily. Though he was gifted with 
considerable insight into human nature—at least, into 
the humorous side of it—he had not that power of 
subtle presentation that lifts Shakespeare and Webster 
above all other dramatists of our nation. His characters 

1 Dryden knew what he was saying when he wrote, 


“In easy dialogue is Fletcher’s praise; 
He moved the mind, but had not power to raise.” 


Fletcher’s Dramatic Faculty 41 


are not enigmas that we have to solve: too frequently 
there is nothing in them that requires understanding. 
He cared nothing for development of character, and 
the conduct of some of his dramatis persone is totally 
inconsistent with the lines on which he seems to have 
sketched them out; he troubled not at all to compre- 
hend, and was careless how he spoilt, the creations of 
his colleagues.” He understood women thoroughly 
well,* but purposely deformed them, in order to please 
the low taste of his audience. Not only does he not try, 
like Shakespeare, to raise his audience to him; he sinks 
gladly to its level, because he delights to wallow in 
the mud. Coleridge’s words on Fletcher’s women are 
too well known to need repetition here; but Darley’s 
are probably not: “Woman,” he says, “throughout 
Fletcher’s comedies, is treated too much as a fair animal, 
or little more. The homage paid her is almost heartless, 
at least soulless; she is a mere object of voluptuous 
pursuit—a hare to be coursed, or a trout to be tickled, 
for supper.” This is unfortunately only too true. His 
chaste women are not modest, and are far from being 
innocent. They are not so senseless as to lose their “hon- 
our”’: they know their value. Look at Honora, the virtu- 


2 Witness Montague (in The Honest Man’s Fortune). 

8 If any one be inclined to doubt this, let him study Celia (Enanthe), 
the heroine of The Humorous Lieutenant. Fletcher’s knowledge of the 
female heart is admirably shown in her scenes with Demetrius, with 
Leontius, and with the governess. Note how she informs Demetrius she 
cannot marry him: 

“Since you have conceived an evil against me, 

An evil that so much concerns your honour, 

That honour aim’d by all at for a pattern.” 
Surely that is a woman’s subtle rap over the knuckles to the very life. 
And yet Fletcher has failed with her in IV. 5 in his usual way. 


42 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ous Honora: the sweet damsel, while resisting the 
Duke’s improper proposals, talks as no modest girl 
would talk, offers herself to him in marriage, and, 
while refusing to abate her price, says coarsely enough, 


“And were I fit to be your wife (so much I honour you) 
Trust me I would scratch for you but I would have you: 
I would woo you then.” 


It is impossible to imagine Shakespeare or Beaumont 
putting language like this into the mouth of a maiden he 
wished us to respect. But, while the women of Fletcher’s 
comedies are hare-brained virgins and lascivious ladies, 
his tragedies do contain chaste, virtuous creatures, 
though there is something overstrained in their virtue. 
Compare the chastity of Casta with the almost maidenly 
innocence of one who was no maiden, Violante, and the 
inferiority of Fletcher’s conception of womanhood to 
that of his collaborator in Four Plays in One is sig- 
nally established. This overdoing of virtue in Fletcher 
is not confined to his women alone: we see the same sort 
of thing in the hero of The Elder Brother. Because 
Charles is a lover of books, the dramatist makes him 
ignorant of the meanings of the words venison, an- 
chovies, caviare; and even goes so far as to make him 
suggest to his lady love that they should go to bed 
together on the warrant of his assurance of his inno- 
cence! But, as is shown by his inability to paint good- 
ness as it exists, Fletcher had no very high idea of 
either man or woman: he had to go outside of nature to 
conceive real virtue in either. 

If I have bestowed hard words on his comedy hero- 
ines, I have no better for his comedy heroes. Dryden 


Fletcher's Dramatic Faculty 43 


tells us that “Fletcher understood and imitated the con- 
versation of gentlemen much better than Shakespeare”; 
but, if so, may the Lord have mercy on the souls of the 
gentlemen of that time, for the men whom Fletcher 
produces as fit to engage our sympathy are nothing less 
than disgusting in their profligacy. Though he gives us 
now and then virtuous men, he was utterly incapable of 
conceiving gentlemen such as we find in Shakespeare. 
But, as far as it goes, Dryden’s criticism was just: the 
young bloods of the time are brought most vividly be- 
fore us in Fletcher’s pages;* nor, as I have said, is there 
to be found amongst any other of the Elizabethans, with 
one exception, such mastery of the ease and naturalness 
that should distinguish dramatic dialogue. Though in 
verse, it is more like real dialogue than is most drama- 
tists’ prose. 

There are other types of character, one or other of 
which is to be found in most of his plays—the merry 
soldier; the blunt, honest man, also usually a soldier; 
the poltroon; the virago; the female monster of in- 
iquity; and the little mine of pathos driven by despair 
or cruelty to crime: but for the conception, development, 
and sustainment of other than conventional stage char- 
acters Fletcher had no fancy: he set the fashion to suc- 
ceeding dramatists in making action rather than charac- 
terization his aim, and thereby hastened the decay of the 
drama. His imagination is extraordinarily fertile, and 
in the region of the vulgar and the ludicrous almost 
unsurpassably vivid, and his mastery and fluency of 

4 The Little French Lawyer gives very good samples of Fletcher’s 


comedy ladies and gallants—maidens and men I do not feel inclined to 
call them. All are alike despicable and disgusting. 


44 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


language it is hardly too much to describe as wonderful, 
accentuating and developing his truly remarkable comic 
inventiveness. The wit, the sparkle, the breathlessness, 
and the clarity of it are almost unrivaled. He wrote to 
please, and was ready to violate character for the satis- 
faction of his audience, whose interest he wished to ex- 
cite and sustain, no matter how.® And this, perhaps the 
main cause of his popularity in his own time and the 
age immediately succeeding, tells most against him now; 
for his plays were written to be represented, rather than 
to be read. They are too bustling; too full of incident: 
the breathless vivacity that would carry them success- 
fully through the ordeal of a stage representation cannot 
blind us to their defects when they are read. They are 
an extraordinary mixture of repartee and nastiness, ro- 
mance and adventure, love and lewdness, fun and frolic 
—a medley loosely yet cleverly put together, and vital- 
ized by Fletcher’s briskness and “go.” Some of the 
scenes may be quite unnecessary to the plot; and it is 
indeed rather bustle than action that characterizes his 
work: despite his liveliness, he brings us slowly to the 
dénouement, if there be one (his plays may almost be 
said to consist of a series of dénouements: they seldom 
turn on one incident, nearly always on a succession of 
abortive attempts; and the result is a woeful lack of 
concentration and compactness). His dramas are more 
like novels than those of any of his contemporaries, and 
I cannot help thinking he would have made (with care) 

° His want of artistic earnestness has been thus alluded to by Lang- 
baine: “I have either read or been informed that it was generally Mr. 
Fletcher’s practice, after he had finished three acts of a play, to show 


them to the actors, and after they had agreed upon terms he huddled up 
the two last without that proper care which was requisite.” 


Fletchers Vocabulary 45 


a greater novelist than dramatist. There is very good 
reason to suppose that much of his work was executed 
hurriedly,” and we know that he produced or helped 
to produce three or four plays a year. This haste, com- 
bined with his high spirits, his easy command of lan- 
guage, and his readiness of invention, prevented him 
from bestowing the necessary care upon them. Darley 
rightly describes them as “wonderful for rough drafts, 
but requiring to be every one rewritten.” 


® Barnavelt is an example of the speed with which Fletcher and Mas- 
singer (in common with other dramatists) had to work. 


Fletcher’s Vocabulary. 


HAVE dwelt at some length on the character of 

Fletcher as a dramatist because the peculiarities that 
his verse displays are so marked that one might be 
tempted to rely upon them altogether when deciding 
the question of Fletcher’s presence in any play. But, 
though we may feel sure that any scene showing his 
singular manner of versification must be his, it would 
be wrong to assume that scenes not showing it are neces- 
sarily not his, for we find in his plays some—though 
very few—that verse-tests would decide to belong to 
another. It is therefore desirable that we should have 
other means of deciding. And there is one that I have 
not yet touched upon—one that Mr. Boyle might have 
been expected to have made us of—his continual em- 
ployment of a few stock words, phrases, and expres- 
sions, such as “plaguily,” “claw’d,” “slubber’d,” “too,” 
“extremely,” “mischiefs,” “ruins,” “diseases,” “shake,” 
“smoke,” “stink,” “scratch,” “shrewdly,” “pulled on” 
(common also in Beaumont), “stuck with,” “at shews,” 


46 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“dwell round about ye,” “for ever,” “no way” (for “not 
at all”). Three or four of these may be found in the 
following: 


“My head swims p/agwily ; ’uds precious, I shall be claw’d.” 


“Contemn’d of all! and kicked too! Now I find it! 
My valour’s fled too, with mine honesty.” 


“Thus your poor servant, full of grief, turns from you, 
For ever full of grief, for ever from you.” 


In this last we may notice the illustrative “thus” which 
Fletcher particularly affected. Imprecations and excla- 
mations such as “how it shakes me!” “would I had,” 
“how like a... it shews now!” are also very common 
in his work; and other favorite constructions are those 
italicized in the following: 


“What goddess have I not been, or what goodness? 
What star that is of any name in Heav’n, 
Or brightness?” 


“Thou hopeful young man once, but now thou lost man, 
Thou naked man of all that we call noble.” 


Fletcher showed an extraordinary fondness for the 
use of “ye” instead of “you,” even in the singular and 
in the objective. Dr. R. B. M’Kerrow has pointed out 
that in The Spanish Curate the word occurs 271 times 
in the Fletcher part and four times in the Massinger 


1 Here is an example (from Women Pleased, V. 1): 
“The valour of one single man has crossed me, 

Crossed me and all my hope; for, when the battles 
Were at the hottest game of all their furies, 
And conquest ready then to crown me victor 
(Oh, how I shame to think on’t! how it shakes me!) 
Nor could our strongest head then stop his fury, 
But, like a tempest, bore the field before him.” 


Beawmont-Fletcher Partnership 47 


part, that in Fletcher’s portion the percentage of “you” 
to “ye” is 65, while in Massinger’s portion it is 5600 
In The Elder Brother Dr. W. W. Greg has found the 
percentage of “ye’s” and “y’are’s” to “you’s” in 
Fletcher’s part almost three times as high as in Mas- 
singer’s. Professor C. M. Gayley says that Fletcher’s 
employment of “ye” varies from one-third to twice as 
much as his use of “you,” while Beaumont rarely uses 
a “ye.” One may draw particular attention to the ob- 
jective use of the word. This is somewhat rare in other 
dramatists, though it is to be remarked that it is found 
in some of the later men, such as Ford and Shirley 
(particularly the former), and also in Field. Amongst 
early men, I have noted it particularly in Porter. 


The Beaumont and Fletcher Partnership. 


EFORE proceeding to discuss the special charac- 

teristics of Beaumont, it may be well to say a few 
words concerning the dramatic and theatrical qualities of 
the joint efforts of the two men, those matters of plot 
and of incident to which doubtless both contributed. 
The stories of their plays show inventiveness and in- 
genuity. The inevitability of the greatest drama does 
not characterize their work; rather their dénouements 
are constructed to effect surprise. They are, that is to 
say, theatrical rather than dramatic. A succession of 
striking situations keeps the reader’s (as it must have 
kept the spectator’s) interest at the utmost tension, and 
that interest is increased by the knowledge of the au- 
thors’ artistic dishonesty, since, on a first reading one 
can scarcely tell, except from the description of a play 
as “tragedy” or “comedy,” whether it is going to end 


48 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
happily or unhappily. Almost all, whether tragedies or 


comedies, are of the romantic order. 

If the stories are, thus, unreal, the language is not; 
and often the lucidity and straightforwardness of the 
speech achieve the marvel of making the incredible 
seem true. There is a notable absence of the declama- 
tory eloquence, the rounded and sonorous periods, the 
subordination of action and movement to dilatory and 
undramatic speech, often poetical and often obscure, 
that had characterized the work of their predecessors. 
Ethical intention they had none, save the presentation 
of a high and romantic magnanimity. 


Method of Collaboration. 


HE interesting question of the method of collabo- 

ration of Beaumont and Fletcher has been treated 
by Dr. E. N. S. Thompson (“Englische Studien,” vol- 
ume 40), by Dr. O. L. Hatcher (“Fletcher’s Habits 
of Dramatic Collaboration”), and by Dr. Louis Wann 
(in a volume of “Shakespeare Studies” issued by the 
University of Wisconsin). The first-named argued for a 
structural division of the plays, Fletcher, when working 
with Beaumont, taking a hand only late in a play, but, 
when working with Massinger, taking the three middlé 
acts, and leaving the other two to his partner. Dr. 
Hatcher, on the contrary, rather favored a division by 
subject-matter. Dr. Wann made detailed analyses, tak- 
ing as a basis for the Beaumont-Fletcher combination 
four plays (A King and no King, The Maid’s Tragedy, 
Philaster, and T he Scornful Lady) and for the Fletcher- 
Massinger union eleven (Barnavelt, Beggars Bush, T he 


Beaumont’s Prose and Verse 49 


Custom of the Country, The Double Marriage, The 
Elder Brother, The False One, The Little French Law- 
yer, The Lover's Progress, The Prophetess, The Span- 
ish Curate, and A Very Woman), but discarding three 
of these (The Double Marriage, The Little French 
Lawyer, and The Lovers Progress) as containing too 
many doubtful scenes. (It is a pity he did not exclude 
Beggars’ Bush also; and A Very Woman, where the 
two men certainly did not work together.) Of the Beau- 
mont and Fletcher plays, he finds 1114 acts Beau- 
mont’s, 57/3 acts Fletcher’s, and three doubtful. Beau- 
mont begins all four plays, and ends three of them, so 
that it is evident that Beaumont’s was the guiding hand. 
In the eight supposed Fletcher-Massinger plays, the 
examiner credits Massinger with 16% acts, and Fletcher 
with 194, four being doubtful. Massinger begins six, 
and ends four. 

Dr. Wann further finds that Fletcher gave far less 
attention to female characters than did Beaumont, but 
predominated in the development of the lower types of 
character. When working with Massinger he took his 
fair share of the female characters, but greatly pre- 
dominated in the development of the low characters, 
these containing a far greater number of women than 
do the Beaumont and Fletcher group. The bulk of the 
comic relief in both groups is, as might be expected, 
found to be Fletcher’s. 


Beaumont’s Prose and Verse. 


ND now for the younger and greater of the part- 
ners! The characteristics of Beaumont’s verse are 
by no means so distinct, so individual, as Fletcher’s; but 


; 


so The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


fortunately they differ from that writer’s in nearly every 
respect. Instead of stopt, he uses, run-on, lines; instead 
of double, single, endings; instead of slurring over 
several syllables in order to end the line where the 
speaker naturally takes breath, as Fletcher does, he is 
apt to conclude his verse with any tenth syllable that 
comes handy, whether it be adjective, preposition, or 
conjunction. The extra emphatic syllable, that is so char- 
acteristic of Fletcher, is scarcely to be found in Beau- 
mont. Double endings are not at all common in his 
serious work, though he uses them a great deal with 
rhyme in burlesque. His double ending percentage is 
usually about 20, and his unstopt line percentage about 
30. These unstopt lines occasionally belong to the class 
that I have ventured to designate as “improper run- 
ons.” We frequently find, too, in Beaumont, lines end- 
ing in a light tenth syllable, as 


“And if thou lovy’st my Mistress’ chastity” 


where Fletcher would not improbably have inserted 
“noble” before “mistress,” and treated “chastity” as a 
triple ending. His work contains many Alexandrines* and 
many lines that are apparently but not actually short 
(apparently, owing to his use of words of many sylla- 
bles, and his full pronunciation of them).’ But the two 
chief distinguishing marks of Beaumont are supposed to 
be his use of rhyme and his use of prose. His rhymes oc- 

1 Notably in the first lines of speeches. 

2 An example is 

“A complimental visitation.” 
(Lowe’s Cure, II. 2.) 


Beaumont’s frequent use of short lines is in decided contrast with Mas- 
singer’s avoidance of them. 


Beaumont’s Prose and Verse oy 


cur often in the middle of his blank verse, and his prose 
will sometimes appear in a speech beginning and ending 
in verse. Indeed, a few of his speeches show prose, blank 
verse, and rhyme—all three. This mixture of prose and 
verse is not, however, as it has been stated to be, peculiar 
to Beaumont, nor am I disposed to believe (for reasons 
already hinted at) that the prose scenes occurring in the 
joint productions of Beaumont and Fletcher must be- 
long to the former. 

One of the peculiarities of his prose is the frequent 
occurrence of the enclitic “do.” In The Woman-hater 
we find it four times in eight lines of prose in I. 1, and 
twice within two lines in V. 3; and in I. 3 occurs the 
following: 


“T do begin to grow desperate: Fortune, I do despise thee, do thy 
worst !—yet when I do better gather myself together, I do find ee 


Such groups of the word are not to be found in the 
prose of any other dramatist of the period. He affected, 
too, the old repetitive style made use of by the prede- 
cessors of Shakespeare. In The Woman-hater (II. 1) we 
have, 

“He knows that man is mortal by his birth; 


He knows that man must die, and therefore live: 
He knows that man must live, and therefore eat.””* 


(These lines occur in the middle of a prose speech.) 
He is fond, too, of stringing together a lot of adjec- 


3 Similarly, his repetition of the end-word of one line as the end- 
word of the next is quite in the style of Peele and his contemporaries: 
“My venom eyes 
Strike innocency dead at such a distance; 
Here I will kneel, for this is out of distance.” 
(The Coxcomb, V. 2.) 


52 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


tives and descriptive phrases. This fullness of expres- 
sion has its origin apparently in his legal training, and 
many passages in his prose have a distinctly legal flavor. 
Thus in The Woman-hater (1. 2) we have, 


“Go, run, search, pry in every nook and angle of the kitchens, 
larders, and pasteries; know what meat’s boiled, baked, roast, stewed, 
fried, or soused, at this dinner, to be served directly or indirectly, to 
every several table in the court.” 


We find enumerative passages in Fletcher, but they lack 
the legal aroma of Beaumont’s. In his prose he some- 
times omits little words, such as prepositions or con- 
junctions; and such omissions, common as they are in 
the verse of most dramatists, are not common in prose.” 


* Gayley rightly notices as characteristics of Beaumont the frequent 
appeals to “the just gods” or “heavenly powers,” his determinism, his 
love of men’s friendship as a theme, and his proneness to declare that 
the only difference between man and beast is reason. Dr. H. D. Gray 
has further pointed out that he is fond of having his characters kneel 
to one another (a habit in which he does not stand alone, Ford, for 
example, having a similar tendency). Sykes, dealing with The Two 
Noble Kinsmen (Times Literary Supplement, August 18, 1921), 
speaks of him as having “a vocabulary so distinctive that it should be 
possible to detect it if any part of the play is his”; but I do not find his 
vocabulary so distinctive. Gayley gives a number of words character- 
istic of him, but nothing, I think, to call for particular remark unless it 
be his use of “instruments” for “servants,” and that is not peculiar to 
him. 


Beaumont’s Greatness. 


EAUMONT has suffered for the sins of his fellow- 
worker. To the dual personality of Beaumont and 
Fletcher are ascribed the moral obliquity, the grossness 
of expression, the incoherence of plot, the inconsistency 
of characterization, and the conscienceless carelessness 


Beaumont’s Greatness 53 


that mar too much of the work of the more prolific of 
the two friends. That Beaumont could be at times dis- 
agreeable I do not deny; that he was studiously im- 
moral and wantonly indecent I do not admit. Fletcher’s 
coarseness was more than mere coarseness of expression: 
Beaumont’s, despite the impurity of some of his plots, 
was not. Though we cannot claim the same high moral 
intention for him as for Shakespeare, his ability (in 
which he is unequaled) to comprehend and set before 
us maidenhood in the full charm of its innocence, and 
sweetness, and purity, would alone suffice to show that 
he was something better than a debased profligate. Un- 
like Fletcher, he regarded love as a pure and noble pas- 
sion; and his chaste women do not talk coarsely, and 
lewdly, and knowingly; nor did he, like Fletcher, stain 
his good characters, spoil meant-to-be-pretty scenes with 
grossness (though his comedy could be gross enough), 
make little of vice, or sacrifice consistency in characteri- 
zation for stage effect. It was doubtless by that senti- 
mentality that ran sometimes to excess and became ri- 
diculous’ that he was preserved from the indecency of 
his colleague; and he was the better enabled to repre- 
sent pure womanhood by that unmatched simplicity of 
diction that saves his rounded style of language from 
the evil usually attendant on it—the evil into which 
Massinger fell—the tendency to become rhetorical and 
undramatic.” 

1 There is a considerable amount of bathos in II. 1, and false senti- 
ment in III. 1, of The Maid’s Tragedy; and the unmitigated rubbish 
that Ricardo talks in II. 4 and V. 2 of The Coxcomb (I do not include 
IV. 2, for that is Fletcher’s) falls but little short of burlesque, though 


it is merely Beaumont’s sentiment run to seed. 
2 Perhaps Beaumont’s greatest dramatic fault is his habit of describing 


54 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


I cannot agree with Macaulay in thinking Beaumont 
destitute of wit, though he was not perhaps the equal 
of his colleague in that respect; but there can be no 
doubt whatever that his humor was of the highest or- — 
der. If, as I take it, it is to him we owe in the main The 
Knight of the Burning Pestle, he has abundantly shown 
a marvelous power of mirth-moving humor. Such play- 
ful jollity, such good-natured satire, and such ease of 
-humorous and burlesque characterization are not to be 
matched in the work of any other Elizabethan dramatist. 
Where Fletcher’s humor in its extravagance ran to farce, 
Beaumont’s ran to burlesque; but it would not be fair to 
judge of the capabilities of either for the higher comedy 
by what were merely manifestations of their jollity and 
exuberant flow of spirits. To Beaumont’s rich powers 
of humorous characterization the Citizen and his Wife 
bear sufficient witness. The latter, with her whimsical 
likes and dislikes, her admiration for Ralph, her lo- 
quacity, her unlucky knack of siding with the less lovable 
characters in the play, her importance, and her kindli- 
ness, is one of the most amusing—and one of the most 
human—creatures that ever walked the boards.® 


his characters, and allowing them to tell, in addresses to the audience, 
what they have done while off the stage. Valore’s longest speech in I. 3 
of The Woman-hater affords an instance. Fletcher shows the same fault 
in his early plays: there are two instances of it in his part of The Cox- 
comb, In II. 3, Antonio says, “I have writ a letter here, and in it have 
abused myself”; and in IV. 8 Maria soliloquizes: 
“T sent my husband 

Into a cellar, post, fearing, and justly, 

He should have known him; which I did not purpose 

Till I had had my end.” 

8 The late Professor Alden, in his admirable introduction to The 

Knight of the Burning Pestle and A King and no King, in the 


Beaumont’s Greatness 55 


But Beaumont was not only a humorist of the first 
water: he possessed a genius for tragedy that, though 
inferior to Webster’s and Marlowe’s, might have made 
him—aindeed, has made him—one of the great orna- 
ments of English literature. Though Fletcher some- 
times succeeded fairly well in the higher branch of his 
art, comedy was his proper playground: Beaumont was 
equally at home in both. Perhaps his greatest charm is 
in his pathetic passages. His pathos, like that of Hey- 
wood and Dekker, is evolved (as genuine pathos always 
is) from the most simple materials; and the sweet sim- 
plicity of his language is especially refreshing after a 
dose of the mannered style of Fletcher. At times his 
verse makes a very near approach to that of Shake- 


Belles-Lettres Series, contrasts the humor of the “slow-spoken drolls” 
who constitute Beaumont’s mob in II. 2 of 4 King and no King with 
“the ribald boisterousness” of Fletcher’s mob in the last act of Philaster. 
“Beaumont’s fun,” as he says, “is of the reserved kind which the popu- 
lace itself would not appreciate; it is the quizzical observation of an 
aristocrat with'a sense of humor for the perverse affectations of the 
lower classes.” The critic connects the dramatist’s humorous creations 
with his “clear view of the ironies of life.” (Beaumont’s use of dra- 
matic irony has often been pointed out.) Alden instances Ralph (in 
The Knight of the Burning Pestle), Bessus (in A King and no King), 
the chaplain (in The Scornful Lady), the parasite (in The Woman- 
hater); and, “in the doubtful plays,’ Pompey (in Wit at several 
Weapons), Marine (in The Noble Gentleman), and Sir Pergamos (in 
The Faithful Friends) .” “All these,” he goes on to say, “are characters 
of the same school; and no contrast could be more marked than that 
between their solemn strutting and the light-footed, voluble hilarity of 
Fletcher’s comic characters. Even when both writers depict the ab- 
surdities of drunken men (as in Act I of The Coxcomb), it is 
Fletcher who deals with the more hilarious stage, and apparently 
Beaumont to whom the later mood of offended dignity is turned over. 
In his solemn-faced humor one may perhaps see again the influence of 
Shakespeare.” There can indeed be no doubt that Shakespeare was one of 
the two great models of Beaumont, the other being Jonson. 


56 ©The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


speare,* and (as is not the case with either Fletcher or 
Massinger) lines that cling to the memory are not 1n- 
frequent in his serious work. 


4 The cadence of Massinger’s verse, too, is occasionally not unlike 
that of “our immortal bard.” 


Beaumont’s Burlesque Vein. 


F characters almost peculiar to Beaumont one may 

note the hesitating, Hamlet-like hero, who has 
representatives in Amintor® and Philaster, moral, but 
not physical, cowards; but the characters most commonly 
associated with the names of Beaumont and Fletcher— 
the faithful love-lorn maiden and the faithful friend*— 
are not peculiar to either, though Beaumont certainly 
has more samples of the former than Fletcher. There 
is, however, one species of human being—well, scarcely 
human—that Beaumont particularly affected—the bur- 
lesque individual. No other Elizabethan shows the pos- 
session of so rich a vein of caricature; no other deals so 
extensively in mock-heroic. Macaulay seems to have 
been the only one of the recent critics of Beaumont and 
Fletcher able to appreciate this; for Fleay confessed 
that he could not understand the distinction that writer 
drew between burlesque and farce, and Boyle was so 
far from possessing any ability to comprehend burlesque 
humor that he considered the finest mock-heroic in the 
1] find it impossible to agree with Hazlitt that Amintor is a com- 
plete failure; nor can I think that we are meant to regard his conduct 
as heroic. His weakness is intentional and well conceived, though not 


perhaps with the best eye to dramatic effect. 

I have counted this type of character as Beaumont’s because it occurs 
only in the Beaumontesque plays. 

? Ascanio is Massinger’s, and Veramour is not the sole property of 
any one of the authors of The Honest Man’s Fortune. 


Minor Differences 57 


language of “so little literary value” that his division 
of the author’s work was “of comparatively no conse- 
quence”; while Dr. Herford, who criticized Macau- 
lay’s book in the “Academy” of December 22, 1883, 
in trying to prove that Fletcher as well as Beaumont 
used burlesque, quoted a passage from The Womans 
Prize that was not burlesque at all.* But Macaulay is 
not justified in assuming that, because we do not find 
mock-heroic in any work that bears indisputable signs 
of Fletcher’s sole authorship, he could not therefore 
have been the author of The Knight of the Burning Pes- 
tle. Even if he never used mock-heroic elsewhere, he 
would be likely to use it there, because the subject called 
for it.* 


3 Macaulay is himself largely to blame for the inability of Fleay 
and Herford to understand the distinction he draws; for the Lady’s 
speeches in I.1 of The Scornful Lady that he describes as “burlesque 
magniloquence,” and with which Herford compares the speech in The 
Woman’s Prize alluded to above, are merely ironical, so that perhaps 
he himself is not clear as to the meaning of the word “burlesque”; or 
it may be that his definition of it differs from the accepted one. 

* The Scornful Lady, Il. 2, gives us a specimen of Fletcher’s bur- 
lesque style. 


“Minor Differences between Beaumont and 
Fletcher. 


HE reader will see from the foregoing many de- 

cided points of difference between Beaumont and 
Fletcher; but there are one or two others to which I 
must allude. Fletcher delighted in scenes of war; Beau- 
mont did not. Fletcher drew many of his plots from 
Spanish sources; not so Beaumont. In the Beaumont- 
esque plays we do not find nasty scenes and nasty people 
wholly unnecessary to the plot wantonly introduced, 


58 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


as is too often the case with Fletcher. And, finally, those 
plays that Beaumont had to do with contain very few 
scenes compared with those Fletcher wrote alone or in 
conjunction with others. Of the four plays that can with 
most certainty be ascribed in some measure to the former, 
The Maid’s Tragedy has twelve, The Scornful Lady 
thirteen, A King and no King fifteen, and Philaster nine- 
teen scenes; and in only three amongst all those plays 
generally conceded to be partly his is there a greater 
number of scenes than in Philaster.* Fletcher, on the 
other hand, has very seldom less than eighteen scenes in 
any of his plays, and very often a great many more.” 


1 These three are Cupid’s Revenge (22), The Coxcomb (24), and 
The Knight of the Burning Pestle (21); but, in the last-named, six of 
the scenes are interpolations by the Citizen and his Wife. 

2 The Loyal Subject has as many as thirty-one. 


The Verse of Massinger. 
ND now it is high time to speak of Massinger. And, 


first, we may see a great difference between him 
and the two dramatists already dealt with, in the greater 
evenness of his verse’ and its comparative freedom from 
those jolting changes from iambic to trochee that are 
not uncommon in Beaumont and Fletcher. He cared not 
how great an emphasis he threw on a light syllable, such 
as “of,” “you,” “in”; and he pronounced words very 
fully, if necessary for the filling-up of a line’—but 
that is not peculiar to Massinger. As in Fletcher, rhyme 
1 The number of inharmonious lines in Massinger is as nothing to 
the number in Beaumont; but he uses three-syllable feet rather oftener. 
“Your reputation shall stand as fair 
In all men’s good opinions as now.” 


(4 New Way to pay Old Debts, IV. 1.) 


Philip Massinger 
From “Three New Plays” published by H. Moseley, 1655. 


The Verse of Massinger 59 


is extremely uncommon (except to end a scene, where 
it is always to be found), and prose (at any rate, in his 
later works) is used only for proclamations, letters, and 
such-like. Short lines are rare,* weak endings are very 
common, and occasionally he uses feeble terminations 
that are not grammatically separable from the next line, 
and that make the verse almost indistinguishable from 
prose. His pauses are more often thrown on the uneven 
syllables than is the case in either Beaumont or Fletcher; 
and his frequent use of central pauses is in striking con- 
trast to Fletcher’s avoidance of them. 

With the exception of Middleton and Fletcher, none 
of the old dramatists employ double endings so much 
as Massinger. His plays commonly show from 40 to 50 
per cent, while his percentage of run-on lines is usually 
35 or 40; and he is almost the only one of the Eliza- 
bethans besides Middleton who adopted Fletcher’s em- 
phatic double ending,* which, however, he did not use 

3 Says Cruickshank: ‘Plays of Massinger abound in lines divided 
between two speakers or even three, which nevertheless observe the 
strictest rules of metre. In this respect Massinger resembles Beaumont, 
whose metre in divided lines, unlike Webster’s and Fletcher’s, is very 
regular.” There is, however, more such irregularity in Beaumont than 
in Massinger. 

*In the last scene of 4 New Way to pay Old Debts, we have, 
amongst others, 

“For fighting, fear not, you shall have your hands full”; 

“For a dozen witnesses: the deed being drawn too”; 

“You being nobly descended, and allied so.” 
Fletcher indeed exercised considerable influence over Massinger, a fact 
that Massinger’s style gives evidence of. His use of “too” in the second 
of the three lines just quoted is a trick of Fletcher’s for giving the 
emphatic double ending that Massinger learned and practised; and, like 
Fletcher, he made a point of obtaining the unemphatic double ending in 
a similar manner. 


60 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


extensively. But there is a more certain means (to which 
I think I may claim to have been the first to direct 
attention) of ascertaining Massinger’s presence, v7z., 
the employment of the middle-ending speech test. His 
percentage of speeches that end where the verses end 
is ordinarily as low as 15, while Beaumont’s is over 55, 
and Fletcher’s about 45. To take three scenes at ran- 
dom, we get in IV. 2 of Massinger’s Duke of Milan 25 
per cent line-ending speeches (which is high for Mas- 
singer); in that portion of Beaumont’s I]. 1 of The 
Maid’s Tragedy following the second song, 51 (when 
the line division has been corrected); and in IV. 1 of 
Fletcher’s Island Princess, 39. To take an example of 
Massinger from the Beaumont and Fletcher collection, 
let us look at V. 1 of Love’s Cure: we there get a per- 
centage of 19. It should then be clear that we have here 
a pretty sure method of distinguishing Massinger from 
his colleagues in long scenes in Verse. 


Massinger’s Rhetoric. 


UT, after all, it is not by his versification that Mas- 

singer is most easily recognizable, but by his tricks 
of expression, the rhetorical nature of his language, and 
a certain bald, prosaic, and conventional stiffness of man- 
ner that is easier to detect than to describe. His dramas 
and his characters are always passionless, even when most 
vehement. His outbursts of anger are illustrated by the 
same dignified verse that he employs for the portrayal 
of a state of happy contentment. As his language is 
always measured and premeditated, it never seems to 
come from the heart, and consequently never moves us. 


Massinger’s Rhetoric 61 


The words are those of Massinger, not of his charac- 
ters: we feel that they are too unimpassioned to belong 
properly to those to whom they are imputed. In fact, 
though he is not without understanding of humanity,’ 
his men and women have not in them the breath of 
life: they are not creatures of impulse, but inhuman 
creations of the poet’s brain: their suddenest determi- 
nations strike us as having been carefully considered 
for a lengthy period. In the care he takes to make his 
characters weigh the pros and cons of every matter they 
may be contemplating, in the hesitancy that marks their 
efforts to come to some determination, we see the lack 
in the dramatist of that fire of genius that gave Shake- 
speare and Webster their insight into the human soul and 
enabled them to put men and women more vividly be- 
fore us by a few happy touches than could be done by 
the greatest intellectual powers combined with the most 
careful elaboration. 

As with his characters, so with his scenes: he saw 
without realizing, and described without feeling them. 
He sadly lacked variety: read his tragedies, and you 
know his style in comedy: to the one tune he sang 
pzans of joy, songs of madness, comic ditties, every- 
thing; and of course we get tired of him, and are apt to 
be blind to his merits; which, nevertheless, are not to 
be despised. The very faults we have noticed are not 
always faults, or would not be regarded as such by the 
majority of readers. His fluency of declamation, his 
love of argument, and his fancy for stating cases are 
not out of place in trial scenes. In these he particularly 
excelled, and to these he not seldom directed his story: 


1 Of women, however, he has little knowledge. 


62 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


it is true that he fails to move to tears; but he is un- 
deniably eloquent; and, though his characterization is 
lacking in subtlety, there are readers who will not grum- 
ble thereat: if he does not give us the grandest poetry, 
he knows the art of the playwright thoroughly:* the 
fine fire of the Elizabethans does not glow in his pages; 
but he is never insignificant, or tawdry, or bathetic, or 
extravagant, as they are: he cannot soar as high as they, 
but he has a better knowledge of his powers, and he 
never tires—never falls, as they do, by the very great- 
ness of their efforts: and this sustained evenness of his 
language, that saves us from admiration of him as a 
poet, will prove an attraction for those readers who 
prefer continual good sense without grandeur to the 
loftiness of imagination that stoops, as it cannot fail to 
stoop, now and then. 


?'His plays, like Fletcher’s and unlike Shakespeare’s, would be better 
acted than read. 


Massinger’s Morality. 


ONNECTED with his inability to humanize his 
characters is the necessity Massinger finds of de- 
scribing them—a fault far more noticeable, however, 
in Beaumont, because not so well glossed over—in- 
stead of allowing us to understand them by their words 
and deeds. He often puts into the mouths of his people 
the opinions that he himself holds—opinions most un- 
likely to be expressed by them. Thus, the heroine in The 
Maid of Honour says, 
“My towering virtue, 
From the assurance of my merit, scorns 
To stoop so low—” 


Massinger’s Morality 63 


a remark she would never have made if as fine a charac- 
ter as Massinger wished to represent. But his good peo- 
ple are always praised inordinately—if not by others, by 
themselves. Similarly, it is usual for his villains ere 
they make their final exit to give utterance to some moral 
reflection. A moral must be pointed, at whatever cost; 
and thus we have Marrall, in utter violation of his 
character, acknowledging the justice of the calamity that 
has befallen him. But what was Massinger’s morality 
worth? Like many another of the class of writers “with 
a purpose,” he is often unnecessarily filthy. His comic 
characters are simply disgusting: he knew his own lack 
of humor,” and strove to make up for it by the coarse- 
ness of his comic scenes, which, it must be allowed, was 
hardly the correct thing for a moralist to do. Still, he 
always made vice odious or ridiculous, and virtue vic- 
torious’ and had the courage to hold by his ideas of right 
and wrong; while, however gross his “comic” passages 
may be, there is always a moral dignity preserved 
through the serious scenes that cannot fail to win our 
respect. But Boyle has pointed out a characteristic of 
Massinger’s that shows that, despite his moralizing, 
there was an innate grossness in him that his own teach- 
ing could not reach. Marriage is regarded by his women 
as a sort of licensed adultery; the ceremony, an unpleas- 
ant necessity. They may think as much evil as they 
please: they are virtuous—ay, paragons of perfection— 
if they do not act. Thus we find Massinger’s maidens 


1 Nevertheless, he is successful in depicting the saucy pertness of a 
page. 

2 His characters are mere personifications of good and evil qualities, 
the good being strongly opposed to the evil. 


64 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


talking about the “lawful pleasures” of the married 
state. Now, as has often been said, the women of the 
true Elizabethans may be outspoken and may be coarse, 
but their love is far purer and far less sensual than that 
of the Jacobeans. They do not resent the restrictions put 
upon their freedom, as Massinger’s women do, or con- 
sider their chastity a toy to be played with, risked, and 
lost to the boldest gamester, as do Fletcher’s. The pure, 
chaste creatures of the later age have nothing more to . 
learn, except from experience: their education is com- 
pleted; they are ready to go out into the world. Mas- 
singer’s women are, then, inferior to Beaumont’s in 
every way, and can scarcely be said to be the superiors 
of Fletcher’s, for, though less coarse, they are more 
sensual. 


Massinger’s Phraseology. 


ASSINGER’S baldness of treatment asserts it- 

self, not merely in his descriptions of his charac- 
ters, but also in the narrations by those characters of 
events that have taken place off the stage, the intention 
being to lay the state of affairs clearly before the spec- 
tators. And more: they very frequently describe what is 
happening before the audience’s eyes, as, e.g., 


“Steph. How the duke stands! 
Tib, As he were rooted there, 
And had no motion.” 


(The Duke of Milan, U1. 3.) 


So, too, we get the lamest of lame remarks—such as 
Cardenio’s “They take all weapons from me” (A Very 
Woman, IV. 2)—in which the people on the stage tell 


Massingers Phraseology 65 


the audience what is happening to them. Anything 
weaker than these altogether unnatural speeches it 
would be difficult to imagine. And there is something 
of the same touch of weakness observable in his tendency 
to split up an observation on a current event between 
two people—in order, apparently, to make it seem more 
natural. Thus, in A New Way to pay Old Debts, we 
have 


“Tov. How he foams! 
Well. And bites the earth!” 


and, again, in the same play, 
“Ord. How she starts! 


Furn. And hardly can keep finger from the eye 
To hear him named”’; 


and indeed the quotation just given from The Duke of 
Milan is also an example of this. 

As might be expected with a writer of Massinger’s 
rhetorical stamp, his sentences are long, and contain 
many such connecting phrases as “to which,” “of 
whom,” “it being,” and similes are frequent (though 
by no means striking); but the most marked peculiarity 
of his construction is his use of parentheses, which he 
does not employ, like Fletcher, for purposes of discon- 
nection, but in order to bind sentences and thoughts 
together. 

The cast of Massinger’s mind and his syntactical habit 
are shown by his exceeding fondness for the use of 
“though,” “rather” (to indicate preference, but with- 
out “than’’)s “nay,” “nor, and‘yet.el) searched’ one 
play (The Duke of Milan), chosen at random, for ex- 
amples, and found thirty-three instances of “though” 


66 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


and three of the cognate “although”; twelve of “nay”; 
twenty of “nor,” counting only cases where the word 
was used in connection with a verb; and twenty-three 
of “yet” in the conjunctive. I discovered but two in- 
stances of “rather,” and one of these did not answer 
the requirements; but I doubt if there is another play 
of Massinger’s where the term is so little used. Though 
I was not looking for them, I may mention that I came 
across “at least” three times, and “add to” four times. I 
feel free to say that there was no other dramatist of his 
time who employed the conjunctive “though” and “nor” 
and “yet” to anything approaching Massinger’s extent; 
and, moreover, he used them all in a manner peculiarly 
his own. 

But one more remark. I have hinted at Massinger’s 
continual use of certain stereotyped expressions—certain 
phrases that he evidently considered his own peculiar 
property. Here are a few of them: “wash an Ethiop,” 
“to the height,” ‘?tis above wonder,” “here I fix,” “no 
more remembered,” “rise up such a wonder,” “these 
so rare” (perfections), “I well may call them so,” 
“though yet I never,” “mark’d out the great example 
for,” “till now I ne’er was happy,” “this I foresaw,” 
“at his devotion,” “I am o’erwhelmed with wonder,” 
“what prodigy is this?”; and such as “for all other 
titles but take away from that,” “in herself does com- 
prehend all goodness,” “too many and too sad exam- 
ples,” “where our own weight will sink us,” “with this 
kiss I seal your pardon,” and “on my knees pay the 
duty I owe your goodness.”* The frequency of his 


* A fuller list will be found in Boyle’s article. It is not to be sup- 
posed that these phrases were mever used by other writers: many of 


Massingers Craftsmanship 67 


invocations and blessings and his allusions to surgery 
have been pointed out by Boyle; and he occasionally 
uses “with other his” for “with his other,” and ad- 
verbs as adjectives (as in “these often stands”); while 
his fondness for classical commonplaces has been noted 
by Swinburne.* 


them are to be found, though not to any extent, in both Beaumont 
and Fletcher, amongst others; but, while they are rare in other writers, 
they are common in Massinger. Boyle is mistaken in thinking the use 
of plurals where singulars might be expected (e.g., “strengths” for 
“strength”) peculiar to Massinger. 

Cruickshank adds a few words, of which the most marked are 
“magnificent” (for “munificent”), “nil ultra,” “apostata,” “embryon,” 
“Jibidinous,” “frontless” (used to qualify “impudence”). He refers to 
Massinger’s frequent omission of the relative pronoun; but the number 
of dramatists to whom this is attributed as a special trait, by various 
scholars, is amazing. 

? Cruickshank remarks that “the characters in Massinger are very 
fond of blushing; references to the talkativeness of women are fre- 
quent; metaphors from the sea and sailing are very common; people 
are fond of saying that they mean to do something, but they do not 
know what [this is common in Fletcher also, who was probably in- 
debted for it to Shakespeare]; the exact courtier kneels and kisses the 
robe of a lady or her foot, and is sometimes rebuked for doing so.” 
He further points out Massinger’s dislike for suicide and dueling. He 
considers “such alliteration as . . . ‘heaven and hell,’ ‘personated pas- 
sion?” one of Massinger’s chief characteristics. I should hardly so de- 
scribe it. It is common also in Field, among others. 


Massinger’s Dramatic Craftsmanship. 


ASSINGER’S finest dramatic quality is his con- 
structive power. He builds well and solidly; his 
exposition is capital; and he realizes (no one better) the 
necessity for clearness; but, the pupil of Fletcher in 
stagecraft, he lacks his master’s ability to create sus- 
pense, and generally fails in his climax, because his verse 


68 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


is not equal to the requirements of tragic situations, and 
because he allows the orator and the debater in him to 
overcome the dramatist and the playwright when the 
crisis is reached. He begins magnificently, and ends in- 


adequately. 


T he Style of William Rowley. 


HERE are others the characteristics of whose verse 

need to be known; but it will not be necessary to 
deal with them at the same length as with the main 
three. 

First let us consider William Rowley. In “E. S.” I 
said, “Rowley at his worst is easily recognizable; at his 
best, not so easily.” I am not so sure now as I was then 
that he is easily to be recognized when at his worst. 
The utterly formless poet may never be quite so hard 
to distinguish as the formal, ultra-conventional, un- 
original writer; but, unless he has some definite charac- 
teristic—unless, that is to say, he falls into a convention 
of his own—it may be hard to differentiate between him 
and other careless or formless writers. But there is an- 
other circumstance about Rowley that helps to make him 
difficult for the investigator: he is very variable. I real- 
ized that when I wrote: “There has never been quite 
enough distinction drawn between Rowley the poet and 
Rowley the hackwork playwright. Sometimes his verse 
is far more prosaic and mechanical than Massinger’s, 
sometimes fearfully disjointed and careless, sometimes 
regular and full of a simple beauty.” It seems to me 
now that all differentiators in this field of scholarship 
have been too ready to father upon Rowley all the 


The Style of William Rowley 69 


rough and unscannable verse which circumstances seemed 
to permit. I make no exception of myself. Thus I found 
in The Knight of Malta a writer abounding in strange 
constructions, peculiar accentuations, trochaic lines, ir- 
regular meter, slurred syllables, improper run-ons, and 
inharmonious rhymes. This work I declared to be “very 
like William Rowley”; but I did not go so far as posi- 
tively to identify the two. 

Rowley uses a great deal of prose. His verse, as I 
have said, differs greatly in the various plays of his 
which we possess, and, if resolved into its constituents, 
would, I am convinced, yield very conflicting results. It 
would be well worth the while of some scholar to do 
this. The little I have done in that direction is to make 
a partial comparison of IV. 1 of Alls Lost by Lust with 
III. 3 of A Shoemaker a Gentleman. I give the results 
here, in percentages, for what they are worth: 


Percentage of anapzstic lines, ALig 12. pgs auaages 
Percentage of trochaic lines, Aly 3:2¢u sDGen ae 
Percentage of rhyming lines, AL” 5.25 5G" 40 
Percentage of short lines, AL > 4529" "SGrerses 
Percentage of feminine endings, ALo' 36,6;:2SGu azo 
Triple endings, percentage of feminine 

endings, AL? 15-050 s5G, nil 
Percentage of feminine endings of more 

than one word, ALG 32.455 SG 918.2 


Miss P. G. Wiggin, in a “Radcliffe Monograph,” 
and Dr. C. W. Stork, in Volume 13 of the University of 
Pennsylvania’s “Publications in Philology and Litera- 
ture,” have dealt with the metrical characteristics of 
Rowley. The former credits him with masculine end- 
ings, run-on lines, and the use of a number of unac- 


\ 


70 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


cented syllables, his feminine endings being generally 
less than one in four, with very few triple endings, and 
his run-on lines usually one in four. She lays most stress, 
however, on the fact that he does not, like Middleton, 
mainly confine his metrical irregularities to the opening 
foot of a line or to the one following the cesura. This 
is quite true; but the question is, was this deliberate on 
Rowley’s part, or, as I fear it was, the result of a defec- 
tive sense? The result in either case is that his work is 
not easily distinguishable from that of any other play- 
wright of the time who wrote in verse without being by 
instinct a metrist. Dr. Stork is more helpful when he 
points to Rowley’s habit of letting a pause take the 
place of an accented syllable, as in the line from A 
Match at Midnight, 


“Set time and place then, with time’s old friend.” 


He refers, as every one who deals with the subject must 
do, to the verse’s harshness and to the irregularity of 
its internal rhythm. He finds two distinct styles, the one 
being moderately end-stopt, stilted, and regular (this 
being the style usually employed in his dignified 
speeches), and the other (the style of his humorous 
passages, when they are not in prose), loose stuff of 
the Fletcherian brand, with numerous unaccented syl- 
lables, a variation from the Fletcher mode being that 
the verse is often run-on. Dr. Stork also makes a strong 
point of the perfect fitting of Rowley’s half- and quar- 
ter-lines, though in another place he recognizes his lia- 
bility to indulge in short lines. For myself, I can only 
say that I do not notice any particularly ardent desire 
on Rowley’s part to make his half-lines fit into a rigidly 


The Manner of Shirley at 


pentametrical system. There is one other thing Dr. 
Stork says to which strong exception must be taken: this 
is, that ““Massinger is by no means an easy dramatist to 
discriminate from Rowley.” Such an opinion is posi- 
tively amazing. 

Rowley, when collaborating, was generally given the 
comedy; but there is something to be said for Swin- 
burne’s view that his genius was rather for the tragic. 
His comedy is usually of a simple, hearty, good-hu- 
mored, clowning order, destitute of subtlety, and with 
a childish fondness (which he shared with Shakespeare) 
for verbal quips and puns. He was essentially a romantic, 
not in the least a realist, either in tragedy or in comedy. 
In his serious work he showed a capacity for the draw- 
ing of great, heroic characters, creatures of none of that 
complexity which makes up human nature, beings that 
are ideal rather than real. There is a good deal of vul- 
garity and coarseness in Rowley’s comedy; but there is 
often a refreshing whimsicality about it; and there can 
be no doubt that he had a finer moral sense than that 
far greater writer who was so often his literary partner, 


Thomas Middleton. 


The Manner of Shirley. 


HIRLEY carries to greater lengths the semi-prosaic 

tendency of Massinger’s verse, employing pauseless 
weak endings more frequently. Polished but conven- 
tional, skillful but feeble, full of fancy but destitute 
of imagination, he is often pleasing, but rarely great. 
His knowledge of stage requirements is noticeable 
throughout his plays. His great fault is the bombastic 


72 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


and absurd language he indulges in when striving for 
sublimity and imaginative flights; and when he attempts 
pathos he is fondly extravagant and feebly imitative. 
He follows his predecessors in their extravagances, but 
is incapable of the passionate earnestness that makes 
theirs endurable, and even admirable. For the gloriously 
wild imagination and the genuine rapture of the Eliza- 
bethan dramatists, he offers us false elevation and a 
strained fancy. The “brave translunary things” of Mar- 
lowe sink in the last days of our greatest dramatic period 
to such carefully considered twaddle as “hiding a lover 
in one’s tears” and “the death of a hundred nightin- 
gales,” because of a lady’s expression of weariness of 
their song. He is original in his plots, and opens and 
conducts his plays with much skill. Though not great 
as a humorist, he shows keen powers of observation, 
and is sometimes witty. His women take much the same 
view of the practical nature of chastity as Fletcher’s. 
As for his versification he very often pronounces as a 
dissyllable the final “tion” in such words as “destruc- 
tion,” “execution,” and all too frequently ends his lines 
with adjectives, conjunctions, and weak nominatives. 
Thus, in The Witty Fair One, we read, 


“The more I would discharge this new guest, it 
Strengthens itself within me.” 


In the same play, there is a fine instance of an improper 


ending: 


“Perfectly. But I lose time: Sir Nicholas 
Treedle expects me this night in the country.” 


The Tokens of Shakespeare 73 


The Tokens of Shakespeare. 


T may be presumed that it would be an insult to the 

reader to detail the characteristics of the verse of 
Shakespeare. Every scholar knows the work of the 
greatest dramatist of them all, and feels, rightly or 
wrongly, that he cannot be mistaken in regard to the 
master’s touch; yet, as a matter of fact, there is nothing 
peculiarly distinctive about Shakespeare’s versification. 
That is not said to his discredit; on the contrary. It 
does not brand him as the average versifier; but rather 
as the master technician. If there is little that the dis- 
criminator can take hold of, it is because the poet knew 
his art to perfection. Where the lesser man carried this 
or that practice to extremes, Shakespeare maintained a 
well-nigh perfect balance. He is neither a wooden devo- 
tee of the masculine ending nor a fluid pursuer of the 
feminine; he neither emasculates his verse by an over- 
proneness to such a combination of the weak ending and 
the run-on line as causes it to degenerate into some- 
thing near akin to prose nor adheres slavishly to the 
old-fashioned, rigid end-stopt principle. In everything 
he observes the golden mean; and in nothing is the 
glorious perfection of his art more noticeable than in 
the distribution of his pauses. There were others of the 
Elizabethans who mastered that art; but none of them 
so completely as Shakespeare did; yet even that scarcely 
gives sure footing for the discernment of the presence 
of Shakespeare in any play. 

How then is this to be found? The out-and-out 
Shakespearean will of course say that his masterly char- 


74 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


acterization and his depth of thought make him unmis- 
takable; but no scholar who possesses both an unpreju- 
diced mind and a real knowledge of Shakespeare’s 
contemporaries will attempt discrimination on such 
grounds. Depth of thought was not the prerogative of 
Shakespeare; nor was he the only one capable of con- 
ceiving and depicting characters that live and bear within 
them the seeds of immortality. Nor yet is one justified 
in assuming that his characterization is always sound: 
Cloten is an example to the contrary. Shakespeare, after 
all, was not a god: he was human; he wrote at times 
below his ordinary high standard; he was not always 
the great thinker we know him to have been; his char- 
acterization is occasionally weak; his largeness of view 
is not always manifest. Almost the most uncritical thing 
that can be done in Elizabethan literary investigation 
is to say that because a passage is superlatively fine, 
either for its thought or its expression, it must be Shake- 
speare’s, or conversely, that because flaws, whether of 
reasoning or of style, are to be found in any passage it 
cannot be his. I do not, of course, wish to argue that 
nothing can be too stupid or too wretchedly put together 
to be regarded as possibly his. One would no more be 
justified in adopting such an attitude than in regarding 
as possibly the work of Earl Balfour a letter containing 
errors of taste, grammatical blunders, mistakes in spell- 
ing, and other indications of illiteracy, of vulgarity, and 
of stupidity. There are levels to which Shakespeare at 
his very worst could never descend; but assuredly he 
was not always at his top, and was frequently careless; 
and this tendency to carelessness was always more likely 


The Drama of Daborne 7 


to display itself in work that was not wholly his than in 
work that was. 

If then we cannot with any degree of certainty dis- 
tinguish the touch of Shakespeare either by versification 
or by greatness of content, what have we to go upon? 
There are, I think, two very good tests: the one is his 
sovereign mastery of words, a quality in which he is 
‘approached by none of his fellows, save Middleton, and 
then only very occasionally; the other is the unique 
condensation of matter which gives to many of his utter- 
ances a crabbedness of expression which is at times some- 
what disconcerting. He is apt to pack more thought into 
a sentence than it can conveniently carry. The character 
of his verbal quibbling is also quite individual. It is, of 
course, true that scenes showing none of these charac- 
teristics may be Shakespeare’s: that is a proposition that 
I would not think of denying; all I say is that, where we 
find these characteristics, or any of them, there is good 
reason to infer his presence. That is to say, their absence 
implies little; their presence implies much. And, over 
and above all, there is this to be said, that, if the mecha- 
nism of Shakespeare’s verse affords us no certain footing 
for our purpose, its music is quite individual. 


The Drama of Daborne. 


S Daborne is known to have collaborated with 
Fletcher on one occasion, he must be considered 
here, even though I am of the opinion that none of his 
work is to be found among the plays to be discussed. 
Boyle pronounced him to be present in both Thierry and 


76 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The Bloody Brother; but he made out an exceedingly 
poor case. Fleay, who had a much keener scent, thought 
he was to be seen in The Honest Man’s Fortune; but 
his view was probably predetermined by his identifi- 
cation of the play with the one in which Daborne is 
known to have been concerned with Fletcher, Field, and 
Massinger; and, as the hands of these three are all per- 
ceptible, the preconception was understandable. 

The characteristics of Daborne on which Boyle relies 
for his two identifications are (1) the omission of the 
relative in the nominative to an extent unequaled in any 
other writer of the time save Wilkins; (2) the omis- 
sion of “to” before the infinitive “more frequently 
than other dramatists”; (3) the habit of “making the 
same subject do duty for two sentences without further 
connection. He leaves out the personal pronoun in the 
nominative like the relative [sic] and sometimes leaves 
a part of the sentence to be guessed at by the reader to 
an unusual extent.” The value of Boyle’s “proofs” is 
shown by the fact that he gives not a single instance 
of No. 2 from either The Bloody Brother or Thierry, 
and of No. 3 only two instances from the former, neither 
of which applies (he actually treats “why” as a sub- 
ject). Therefore, if these two characteristics of Daborne 
are really of importance, Boyle has in fact given ex- 
cellent reason for denying that author’s presence in 
the two plays concerned. As a matter of fact, neither 
trait is of much consequence. Each of them occurs fre- 
quently enough in almost every Elizabethan dramatist, 
and the average number of times that each is found in 
Daborne is about twice per act. (Boyle swells the ex- 


The Drama of Daborne vied 


amples of No. 3 to about four per act; but almost half 
the instances he cites are not true instances of this habit.) 
As regards No. 1, he quotes thirty-nine legitimate cases 
from Daborne’s two plays, eight cases in what he re- 
gards as the Daborne part of Thierry, and six cases in 
what he considers Daborne’s share in The Bloody 
Brother. This at least does not establish a negative, as 
do his other two “proofs”; but it does not go far to- 
ward the establishment of his case; for, though it may 
perhaps be granted that the omission of the relative in 
the nominative is more than ordinarily common in 
Daborne, as in Wilkins, it is common enough in other 
dramatists of the time to render it unsafe to draw 
from it conclusions not supported by other evidence. 

There is a characteristic of Daborne’s verse to which 
Boyle failed to draw attention; yet it is so marked 
that it is hard to understand how any one could miss it. 
I refer to his proneness to the introduction of a six-foot 
line. Almost every dramatist of the time introduced an 
occasional Alexandrine; but Daborne really seems not 
to have been able to distinguish between it and a pen- 
tameter. Daborne is a very poor versifier indeed, and is 
apt to degenerate into sheer doggerel when he essays 
rhyme, as in: 


“Nay, we’ll entreat you stay awhile. Come, let’s in. 
From this day to expect my happiness I’1] begin.” 
(The Poor Man’s Comfort, 1. 1.) 


78 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
The Hand of Field. 


HEN we come to consider Field, we are face to 

face with the greatest difficulty that confronts the 
student of these plays. Field was undoubtedly the dis- 
ciple of Beaumont, and it is by no means easy to dis- 
criminate between the two. The likeness extends not 
merely to the general character of his work, but also to 
the form of the verse itself. As in Beaumont, we find 
rhymes in the midst of the blank verse, and the blank 
verse turning to prose; but he is fonder of moral cou- 
plets than his master. He not seldom uses Latinisms, 
and sometimes puts his sentences or phrases into peculiar 
form to suit the meter; and, like Beaumont, he has a 
fondness for the verbal repetitive tricks of the older 
dramatists, as, in Amends for Ladies (I1V.1), 


“You put me down, yet will not put me down.” 


Field is one of the sprightliest and most jovial of 
the humorists of his time, with a rattling turn for wit 
and the invention of comic situations; and his funny 
scenes are not only well contrived, but also excellently 
carried out. His coarseness, which is considerable, is so 
frank and full of drunken carelessness as to be toler- 
able; and, since he has a good knowledge of human 
nature, some of his strokes of humorous delineation of 
character (degenerating nearly always into burlesque) 
are singularly happy. He is as fond of mock-heroic as 
Beaumont, though his variety is wanting in the ease that 
marks Beaumont’s employment of the medium, and the 
rhymes are not as natural and as unobtrusive as in the 
work of his greater rival; but on the other hand it must 


The Hand of Field 79 


be said that Field’s burlesque has more raison a@’étre. As 
a satirist, his shafts are directed principally against lords 
and women; and in his treatment of the latter he alter- 
nates between distrustful bitterness and loving admira- 
tion. His serious work is also like Beaumont’s; and his 
pathos is of much the same simple and telling kind. 
Attempts have been made by Gayley and Sykes to 
distinguish between Field’s vocabulary and that of Beau- 
mont. Sykes also points out Field’s fondness for refer- 
ences to clothes and tailors and the crumpling of bands. 
Among his notable words are “continence” (and “con- 
tinent”), “integrity,” “importune,” and “innocency.” 
To distinguish between the work of the two men, it 
is to be noted that Beaumont uses the central pause much 
more than Field does, in the latter the final pause pre- 
ponderating. As it was very necessary to discover some 
basis of discrimination, I instituted twenty-two tests 
between Beaumont (as seen in The Woman-hater and A 
King and no King) and Field (as seen in The Fatal 
Dowry’ and his two comedies). No less than eighteen of 
these yielded positive results. Allowing a 10 per cent 
margin on each limit (so that Field’s 5 to 60 per cent 
for final couplets becomes 4.5 to 66), I obtained the 
following, it being understood that figures lower than 
1] had better record here my division of this play, as I am thus 
using it as a basis for my purpose. I credit Massinger with I. 1b (from 
Novall senior’s entry to Liladam’s exit), 2a, c, IJ. 2b (an insertion of 
half-a-dozen lines—four verses—beginning with the second Creditor’s 
speech), III.a (to Rochfort’s exit), IV. 2, 3, V. 1c, 2. Field is respon- 
sible for I. 1c, 2b (from “I have begun well” to “Provided these con- 
sent”), II. 1, 2a, c, III.c (last thirty speeches), IV.1, 4, V. 1b (Lila- 
dam’s second-last speech). The rest of the play is joint work—at least, 


both hands are to be seen in it. Whether or no the two men collaborated, 
I feel tolerably certain that the play underwent revision by Massinger. 


80 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


the lowest mentioned or higher than the highest are 
indicative of neither poet: 


Pointing to Pointing to 
B Indeterminate Fd 
Rhyme 1.6-5 5-1-9.1 g.2-19 
Final couplets “AT ee 2 4.5-66 
Speeches (proportion to lines) 33 47-4 22.1-32.9  7-7-22 
Speeches of less than five feet 39.8-57-6 9 -39.7 -8.9 
Speeches ending medially 52 -56.1 24 -51.9 9 -23.9 
Self-contained speeches 18.4-24.9 25 -51.4 51.5-88 
Single-line speeches 42.9-57.6 .15 -42.8 -14.9 
Speeches ending with medial 
feminine endings 56.3-62.8 38.4-56.2 -38.3 
Speeches ending in short lines Se ee ee ee -6.8 
Short lines 6.4-13.5 5.6-6.3 -5.5 
Double endings 20.9-37 12.4-20.8  5.4-12.3 


Triple and quadruple endings Et ee ae ge Pe fe) 
Lines divided between speakers 9.6-19 5.9-9.5 0.8-5.8 


Run-on lines 30.9-37-1 23.6-30.8 16.2-23.5 
Improper run-on lines 2.8-13.75  2.3-2.75 -2.2 
Unstressed endings (percentage 

of nominal pentameters) 38.6-59.9 60 -80.4 80.5-88 
Medial pauses 56.2-65.1 35.8-56.1 18.3-35.7 


Pauses on unstressed syllables 30.5-62.3 28.3-30.4 13 -28.2 
Pauses on wrongly stressed syl- 


lables 4.3-5.8 5-9-6.6 6.7-12.3 
Breathings on unstressed sylla- 
bles 33-5-46.9 29.3-33.4 21.3-29.2 


With some dramatists such tests would be of consider- 
able value: with Beaumont they are, in my opinion, of 
comparatively little, because he seems, during his brief 
career, to have attained no stability of style. As regards 
Field, we have scarcely sufficient data. The two comedies 
he wrote alone are both early efforts; and we cannot 


say positively how he developed, though The Fatal 


The Individuality of Jonson 81 


Dowry is a late work, dating apparently 1617. Yet I 
am prepared to believe that, if some enthusiastic scholar 
with the advantage of youth and the time to spare for 
the purpose, will apply these tests (not taking my fig- 
ures, but working out his own, so as to have a thoroughly 
sound and satisfactory basis) to the plays that are in 
question as between Beaumont and Field, he may go 
nearer to solving the problem than any one has yet 
done. 


The Individuality of Jonson. 


MONG the writers I am dealing with here, there 
are six whose presence should ordinarily not be 

hard to detect—when, that is to say, their individuality 
has free scope. These six are Fletcher, Middleton, Mas- 
singer, Shakespeare, Daborne, and Webster. On the 
other hand, there are seven whom it is far from easy to 
recognize with certainty—Beaumont and Field, because 
of their likeness to each other; D’avenant and Shirley, 
because their verse was not peculiar to themselves, but 
was in accordance with the conventions of their day; 
Ford and Brome, because of their regularity; and Row- 
ley, because of his variability and the difficulty of dis- 
cerning any method in his metrical madness. Tourneur 
occupies a medial position, inasmuch as his style was very 
individual among the men of his own day, but is not 
easily distinguishable from the style of the men of the 
succeeding era, so that to be sure of him we must be 
sure of the period of the work that we assume to be his; 
and a similar medial position is occupied by Ben Jonson, 
for quite other reasons. If we seek to distinguish Jonson 
by the character of his verse alone, our task will be diffi- 


82 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


cult: for it is regular, with no outstanding feature, save 
his employment of triple endings more frequently per- 
haps than any other dramatist with the exception of 
Middleton and Fletcher. It is, then, rather by the con- 
tent of his verse than the form of it that we have to 
judge of his presence, and, though this is a less safe 
means of determination, it is not without its value. In 
this connection, his passion for detail is of no little im- 
portance. He was always the scholar, always the peda- 
gogue, always the cataloguer. His humor is in its sa- 
tiric strength very different from the easy gaiety of 
Fletcher and the playful drollery of Beaumont, and his 
wit is brilliant in the extreme. He loved to display 
“humours” and to depict hypocrites and charlatans and 
parasites. Fond of airing his great learning, he yet re- 
mained thoroughly English, the most English perhaps 
of all the playwriters of his time, as he was the most 
observant, the most humorously pictorial. 

Crawford seems to think his use of the double “or,” 
as in “Or out of patience or necessity” (The New Inn, 
IV. 3) peculiarly characteristic; but I doubt if much 
can be built upon it. It may be pointed out that even 
among Elizabethans Jonson’s vocabulary of expletives 
was an unusually large one. Some very dignified scholars 
may think this far too trivial a matter to be even noticed, 
but there are often safer deductions to be drawn from 
unpremeditated trivialities than from more measured 
utterances. Just because Jonson’s vocabulary in this re- 
spect was a large one, the bearing on him is less than 
on others; but, as I have mentioned it here, I may as 
well speak of it now in connection with other drama- 
tists. Jonson’s chief oaths and ejaculations are “slight,” 


The Methods of Middleton 83 


Selid, 4s sdeathy “heart,” “tuts2.“Lord,”? <°fore,God;” 
and “for God’s sake.” Field is another with a particu- 
larly long list, the commonest being “pish,” “sfoot,” 
“heart” and ‘“sheart,” “slight,” and “by this light,” 
“zoons,” “by Heaven,” “damn me,” and “God-a- 
mercy.” No other prominent dramatist of the time uses 
“pish” so frequently as he does, though Middleton also 
is fond of it (using also the variant “push”). Fletcher 
employs a considerable variety, without showing par- 
tiality for any save “by Heaven.” Beaumont is sparing, 
confining himself mainly to “by Heaven” and “by this 
light.” Rowley’s favorite ejaculation is “tush,” which 
he employs more frequently than any one else. Ford 
favors “pish” and “phew.” Middleton uses a great va- 
riety, including, besides “pish” and “push,” “mass” and 
“by the mass,” “life,” and ‘“sfoot.” Daborne uses 
“sheart,” “zounds,” “sfoot,” and “tush.” Massinger 
indulges little in ejaculations. 


The Methods of Middleton. 


S I purpose dealing at length elsewhere’ with the 
qualities of Middleton’s verse, I shall here cut my 
remarks upon the subject shorter than I should other- 
wise do. The characteristics of his early work are very 
different from those of his later period, when he had 
developed a manner entirely his own. It is only the 
developed Middleton with whom we need concern our- 
selves here. 
One of the most marked characteristics of his verse 
is his employment of feminine endings, his use of tri- 


1In a monograph as yet incomplete. 


84. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ple and quadruple endings being unequaled even by 
Fletcher. A large proportion of these feminine endings 
consist of more than a single word, the structure being 
deliberately brought about by the introduction of such 
words as “sir” and “madam”; the latter, being trochaic, 
gives the verse a very distinctive character. He also 
uses the Fletcher extra emphatic syllable. He resembles 
Fletcher, moreover, in the extent to which he strews 
extra syllables throughout his lines. Strangely enough, 
the prevalence of anapzstic and slurred feet is accom- 
panied by an attenuation of words, so that we get “afflic- 
tion” used as a four-syllable word. His length of line is 
very irregular. He remained to the end wedded to the 
end-stopt line, but made also a free use of central 
pauses, giving his verse a fluidity that it would not 
otherwise have possessed. He made practically no use 
of the weak ending. 

His vocabulary is very marked, even though most 
of the words composing it are the property of many of 
his fellows also. Special attention may, however, be di- 
rected to his fondness for “yon” and “yonder,” “espe- 
cially,” “alate,” “e’en,” “comfort” and “comfortable,” 
and “shine,” as a noun. Of his tricks of construction, 
the most remarkable are his habit of making subordinate 
what would naturally be the principal clause of a sen- 
tence; a frequent use of “I thank,” as a subordinate 
clause in the manner just referred to, as in “He came 
in a good time, I thank him for it” (No Wit, II. 3); 
the employment of emphasizing or confirmatory phrases 
beginning with “That” or “There,” as in 

“And know it to be mine. There lies the blessing” 
(Women beware Women, 1.1); 


Qualities of Other Candidates 85 


the use of reflective utterances beginning “How” or 
“What” or “Here”; conditional approval expressed by 
“Pll say that for”; the employment of a qualifying 
adverb with “welcome,” as in “Youre much preciously 
welcome” (Your Five Gallants, IV. 1); the use of the 
superlative followed by “that ever,” no other dramatist 
approaching him in the employment of this form of 
‘expression; and a habit (more frequent in him than in 
any other) of attaching ability to inanimate things, as in 
“Now for a welcome 


Able to draw men’s envies upon man.” 
(Women beware Women, Ill. 1.) 


Much more might be said about Middleton, for he 
has many characteristics that make his work very distinc- 
tive; but I have already said enough to give the student 
some few of the many means by which his touch may be 
recognized. Others will be referred to only if the occa- 
sion should arise when individual plays are being con- 
sidered. 


The Qualities of Other (Candidates. 


OR the handiwork of all these dramatists there is 

good reason for us to look in the plays that go 
under the names of Beaumont and Fletcher; but there 
are also a few others whose characteristics must be con- 
sidered, though hardly at such length as to warrant 
separate treatment. 


(a) D?avenant. 


The verse of D’avenant is deplorable at times, al- 
most indistinguishable from prose, as may be seen from 


86 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


the following from the opening scene of News from 
Plymouth: 
“This is your region, Topsail, for you seamen 
Love to converse of plenty where you may 
Be cozened for your ware and meat, and think 
Such negligence becomes a noble spirit 
As well as thrift a lean attorney or 
Fat alderman, until your mercer and 
Your man that squeezes your lusty wine of Greece 
Or brisk vin-dy, remove from’s smoky habitation 
In the town unto your manor-house; 
There ride in triumph o’er your conquered land, 
As if he did bestride my Lord Mayor’s horse, 
As if your meadows were Cheapside and all 
Your woods the just precincts of his own ward.” 


This is almost as obscure in sense as it is musically 
unrhythmical. One would suppose that verse so bad as 
D’avenant’s, so unscannable, and with the freedom of 
the run-on line carried to such ridiculous lengths, would 
be so unique that his touch anywhere would be easily 
discernible; but there were others of the later men 
whose verse was equally tuneless. 


(b) Richard Brome. 


Brome never dropped into the slipshod manner of 
D’avenant. His verse was pedestrian enough, but never 
lacking in a measure of dignity, never contemptible, 
as was such verse as that from which I have just quoted. 
He happily remained old-fashioned, instead of yielding 
to the literary hooliganism of his day. He is quite easy 
to distinguish from the later men whose contemporary 
he was; but he is not easy to distinguish from the men 
of an earlier generation, the regularity and character- 


Qualities of Other (Candidates 87 


lessness of his verse being such as to make it possible 
to have proceeded from far greater men in their less 
inspired moments. Here is a sample from the opening 
scene of that admirable comedy A Jovial Crew: 


“Can there no means be found to preserve life 
In thee, but wandering like a vagabond? 
Does not the sun as comfortably shine 
Upon my gardens as the opener fields, 
Or on my fields as others far remote? 
Are not my walks and greens as delectable 
As the highways and commons? Are the shades 
Of sycamore and bowers of eglantine 
Less pleasing than of bramble or thorn hedges, 
Or of my groves and thickets than wild woods? 
Are not my fountain waters fresher than 
The troubled streams where every beast does drink? 
Do not the birds sing here as sweet and lively 
As any other where? is not thy bed more soft 
And rest more safe than in a field or barn? 
Is a full table which is called thy own 
Less curious or wholesome than the scraps 
From others’ trenchers, twice or thrice translated?” 


Not only is this verse infinitely superior to what D’aven- 
ant ordinarily gives us in his dramas, but it has a clarity, 
a simplicity, a straightforwardness, which cannot be 
found in that writer. It is to be remarked that Brome 
was one of the most particular of the dramatists in 
making the several parts of his divided lines fit. 


(c) Ford. 


Ford is puzzlesome. As Dr. F. E. Pierce pointed out 
in an admirable paper on the collaboration of Dekker 
and Ford (“Anglia,” 1912), his plays “fall into two 


88 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


distinct groups, as unlike each other in certain metrical 
details as the work of two separate men. Ina collaborated 
play he might use either manner, according to date of 
composition; but it is highly improbable that he would 
use both styles in one play written at one time.” From 
tables given by Dr. Pierce we learn that in Love’s Sacrs- 
fice and ’Tis Pity the percentage of rhyming lines in 
the total number of pentameters is from 5.5 to 6.9, 
whereas in his other five solus plays it ranges from 0.1 
to 2.5; the percentage of double endings to unrhyming 
lines is 14.9, as contrasted with from 36.7 to 60.3; the 
percentage of run-on lines to unrhyming lines is about 
40, as against a somewhat higher figure; and the per- 
centage of triple endings to unrhyming pentameters is 
from 0.3 to 0.9, as compared with from 4.7 to 12.9. 
These figures seem to imply a considerable lapse of time 
between the writing of Love’s Sacrifice and ’Tis Pity 
and the writing of the others, and also that the two 
that stand apart are much the earlier in date. They are 
indeed known definitely to be earlier than one of the 
remaining five, The Ladies’ Trial. 

It may be noted that the percentages of those por- 
tions of The Sun’s Darling which Dr. Pierce gives to 
Ford all come within the limits of the later group, ex- 
cept as regards rhyme, to which no heed need be given, 
inasmuch as rhyme was probably thought fitting to the 
subject. The implication is that Ford had already ar- 
rived at his later style by 1623-4, when The Sun’s 
Darling was produced. Similarly, in regard to The 
Witch of Edmonton the Ford portions (to judge by 
Dr. Pierce’s figures) are all in the later style, with the 
exception of the rhyming figures, which are intermedi- 


Qualities of Other Candidates 89 


ate between the early and the late plays. The results of 
this investigation may be tabulated thus: 


LS °TP = WoE SD 5 late plays 


Rhyme 5.5 6.9 Aston As 0.2-2.5 
Double endings 14? FAG 57S 859225 (6962-6013 
Run-on lines c40 c40 50 46.3 over 40 
Triple endings 0.3 0.9 5 8.2 4.7-12.9 


It may not unreasonably be deduced from these fig- 
ures (though Dr. Pierce did not push the argument to 
its logical conclusion) that Love’s Sacrifice and ?Tis Pity 
were considerably earlier in date than 1621, when The 
Witch of Edmonton was written. If so, it is probably 
only the second—the commoner—of the two styles of 
Ford which need concern us. 

There is not very much, as may be seen, in the mecha- 
nism of his verse to mark him out from others; but 
Mr. Sykes, in his valuable “Sidelights on Elizabethan 
Drama,” comes to our assistance with vocabulary clues, 
pointing out the dramatist’s extreme fondness for the 
words “bosom,” “bounty,” “thrive,” “thrift” and 
“thrifty,” “fate,” “penance,” “forfeit” (noun), and 
“antic”; but the least frequently used of all those he 
cites, “sift,” is perhaps the most important, because it 
is the word in least general use. Ford has a habit of 
contracting “do ye” and “to ye” into “d’ee” and “t’ee”’; 
and, though this is not absolutely confined to him, there 
is certainly no other dramatist who employs these con- 
tractions with anything approaching his frequency. He is 
also given to two-word double-ending rhymes, as is 
Middleton. Mr. William Wells has also directed my 
attention to his liability to use “all what,” instead of 
“all that.” Finally, mention may be made of the vulgar 


90 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


stupidity .of Ford’s comic scenes, the haunting beauty of 
some of his saddest lines, and the rhetorical nature of 
much of his prose and some of his verse; his care to make 
his broken lines fit one another pentametrically, varia- 
tions from this custom being but few; his habit of 
causing a character to repeat the final words of another 
(see Broken Heart, where there are no fewer than nine 
examples) ; his employment of duplication of word and 
phrase, not, as with other dramatists, somewhat indis- 
criminately, but deliberately, to achieve emphasis, his 
manner of using it being therefore in many cases quite 
distinctive; and his use of the objective “ye,” in which 
he comes second to Fletcher among the men of his time. 


(d) Tourneur. 


No one will get a proper idea of the versification of 
Cyril Tourneur until that writer is freed from responsi- 
bility for The Revenger's Tragedy—that is to say, till 
he is deprived of his principal claim to greatness. The 
two plays with which his name is associated are so utterly 
unlike in the respective qualities of their verse that the 
general acceptance of a single authorship for the two 
is one of the most amazing things in Elizabethan schol- 
arship. It is the more remarkable in that the external 
evidence for Tourneur’s authorship of the greater play 
is such as, whether rightly or wrongly, is treated with 
contempt in some other cases. It is not merely that there 
is a difference in the styles of the two plays: there is, 
for example, an enormous difference between the early 
and the late plays of Middleton; but there are two 
notable facts in connection with the case of Middleton 
that do not exist in the case of Tourneur. In the first 


Qualities of Other Candidates gI 


place, in the early work of the former we can see hints 
of the later Middleton here and there; whereas in The 
Atheists Tragedy we find nothing forecasting the work 
in The Revenger’s Tragedy. In the second place, Mid- 
dleton’s early style was not individual, but conventional; 
the later style, so utterly different from it, was adopted 
deliberately, and in it the poet found himself. The style 
revealed in The Atheist’s Tragedy, on the contrary, is 
not conventional, is not imitative: it is markedly original, 
a foretaste of the class of verse that was to come into 
vogue something like a quarter of a century later. The 
verse of The Revenger’s Tragedy is of an individuality 
no less marked and a genius undeniably greater, but as 
different from that of The Atheist’s Tragedy as one 
verse system can well be from another. The style of the 
one could never develop into the style of the other. If 
the work of the same author, it must then have been a 
matter of deliberate adoption; but, while one can readily 
conceive of a man previously imitative or conventional, 
as Middleton had been, suddenly stepping out boldly 
into originality, it is not so easy to imagine one who had 
already invented for himself an absolutely novel mode 
of expression deliberately scrapping it, in order to adopt 
a mode of expression diametrically opposed to it in al- 
most every respect. If Tourneur did that, he was less a 
great artist than a great experimenter; but he was also 
absolutely the most amazingly original metrist in the 
language. To me it seems much simpler and easier to 
regard the two plays as by two different men; and in 
fact I hold The Revenger’s Tragedy to be the product 
of Thomas Middleton, to whose work alone does its 


g2 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


style show any approximation, as I have tried to show in 
“Studies in Philology,” April, 1926. 

Tourneur’s style, as seen in The Atheist’s Tragedy, 
is pretty much that of Shirley. He does not have many 
anapestic lines or any considerable proportion of femi- 
nine endings. Improper run-on lines are numerous, and 
so are weak endings on third syllables that would have 
been treated by Middleton or Fletcher as triple endings 
by the insertion of another foot earlier in the line. Some- 
thing like three-fourths of his speeches end with the 
line, and about half of them connect with no other by 
means of opening or final broken lines. He does not 
employ much rhyme. 


(e) Webster. 


Webster, like Middleton, wrote the ordinary dramatic 
verse of his time in his apprenticeship, but developed 
later a verse bearing some resemblance to—or, to speak 
more correctly, presenting some of the characteristics of 
—that of Middleton and Fletcher. Like them, he often 
crowds a good many syllables into a line; but he does 
not adopt their frequent use of the two-word double 
ending. Rupert Brooke, in his “Webster and the Eliza- 
bethan Drama,” speaks of his “loose, impressionistic 
iambics, with their vague equivalence and generous 
handling,” and this well describes the character of his 
verse. Perhaps his most individual characteristic is his 
habit of beginning a line anapestically; but his verse is 
somewhat variable, and now and then bears a distant 
resemblance to that of Massinger, though without that 
writer’s fondness for run-on lines and weak endings. 

There is a much surer test of the presence of Webster 


Qualities of Other Candidates 93 


than any afforded by his versification. He is at almost 
all times and all seasons what may be described as an 
illustrative satirist. He is constantly girding, and his 
bitter commentary is usually ushered in by some such 
phrase as “I have known” or “I have seen” or “T’II tell 
you.” It is often put in the form of a fable, not, how- 
ever, narrated lingeringly in the manner of the fabulist, 
but curtly and abruptly, in the manner of the cynic. He 
never can refrain for long from something in this vein; 
and this constitutes the strongest sign for the recogni- 
tion of his presence. 

I do not think that a great deal is to be made out 
of his vocabulary, though there are a few words, such 
as “mathematical” and “screech owl” that may be 
specially, though not uniquely, connected with him. 
Words to which Mr. Sykes draws attention—“noble,” 
“strange,” and others—are undoubtedly very common 
with him; but they are all common enough with others 
for it to be impossible to make any safe deduction from 
their occurrence. More importance is to be attached to 
his frequent use (pointed out by Rupert Brooke) of 
“FYa!” as an entire speech. His fondness for quibbling 
is also noteworthy. The same writer has pointed out that 
in his later works he uses involved sentences, with sub- 
ordinate clauses, and also that the mind of Webster was 
“always turning to metaphors of storms and bad weather 
and especially the phenomena of lightning. He is for 
ever speaking of men lightening to speech or action.” 
He broods on death and graves, corruption and decay; 
and women’s painting of their faces has a fascination 
for his satiric pen. His characters have “the trick of 
commenting on themselves when they are jesting.” Dr. 


94 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Stoll, in his very valuable work on the dramatist, has 
commented on his fondness for baiting-scenes and scenes 
of torture; while Mr. Sykes has drawn attention to his 
turn for casuistry and to his frequent borrowings from 
Florio’s Montaigne, Sidney’s “Arcadia,” and Overbury’s 
“Characters,” though Mr. Charles Crawford was the 
first in this field. Mr. Sykes is also of opinion that in 
his later work Webster adopted a good deal of Hey- 
wood’s vocabulary; but I doubt if that is the true ex- 
planation of the phenomena to which he directs atten- 
tion. 


Remnants of Old Drama. 


HERE is also some reason to ask the student to 

be acquainted with the style of Marlowe, since I 
join with Mr. William Wells and Mr. J. M. Robertson 
in finding his hand in one of the plays dealt with here; 
but, as there is no reason to suspect his presence in any 
of the attributed plays, there is not the same need for 
knowledge of his characteristics; and, as he was not of 
the time of Beaumont and Fletcher, I do not propose to 
deal with his manner and mannerisms. 


False Attributions. 


EFORE proceeding to a detailed consideration of 

the plays calling for thorough and careful study, 
let me dispose of those that have been, whether directly 
or indirectly, wrongly associated with the name of either 
Beaumont or Fletcher or both. 


In a seventeenth-century catalogue The Unfortunate 


False eAttributions 95 


Lovers is attributed to Beaumont and Fletcher, and The 
Bondman is entered twice, once to Massinger and once 
to Fletcher. “The Bondman” is definitely claimed by 
Massinger, and both on external and internal evidence 
is his, as the other is D’avenant’s. Another old cata- 
logue gives The Lost Lady, Love’s Cruelty, and The 
New Inn to Beaumont and Fletcher. Of the first-named 
there is no need to question Sir William Berkeley’s au- 
thorship (it is stated by a contemporary letter to be 
his), and the work shows no sign of either Beaumont or 
Fletcher. Love’s Cruelty is, beyond a doubt, Shirley’s, 
both on the external and on the internal evidence; and 
on equally strong evidence of both kinds The New Inn 
must be attributed to Jonson, though this play will have 
to be taken into consideration when Love’s Pilgrimage is 
under examination, by reason of the close connection be- 
tween the two. 

On September 9, 1653, Moseley entered in the Sta- 
tioners’ Register “A Right Woman, or Women be- 
ware of Women,” attributing the play to Middleton. 
On June 29, 1660, he entered “A Right Woman” as by 
Beaumont and Fletcher. It is hardly to be supposed that 
this second entry was concerned with the original form 
of a play subsequently rewritten by Middleton: for in 
the meantime Middleton’s play had been published; 
and, that being so, an earlier version would hardly be 
likely to be given to the press by the same publisher. I 
take it that A Right Woman and Women beware W omen 
were two distinct plays, the latter being clearly Middle- 
ton’s not only on the authority of Nathaniel Richards (a 
good witness), but also on the internal evidence. At the 


96 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


same time Moseley entered other plays with alternative 
titles, as follows: 


Play Author 
A Very Woman, or The Woman’s Plot Massinger 
The City Honest Man, or The Guardian Massinger 
The Spanish Viceroy, or The Honour of Women Massinger 
Minerva’s Sacrifice, or The Forced Lady Massinger 
The Noble Choice, or The Orator Massinger 
Alexius, the Chaste Gallant, or The Bashful Lover Massinger 
The Italian Night-piece, or The Unfortunate Piety Massinger 
The Wandering Lovers, or The Painter Massinger 
The Judge, or Believe as you list Massinger 
The Prisoner, or The Fair Anchoress Massinger 
The Crafty Merchant, or The Souldier’d Citizen Marmion 
The Nobleman, or Great Man ‘Tourneur 


In every case, apparently, Moseley was engaged in en- 
deavoring to get two plays through for the one fee. 
There was a “Crafty Merchant, or Come to my Coun- 
try house” by Bonen licensed by Herbert for the stage in 
1623; and Marmion’s Souldier’d Citizen was reéntered 
by Moseley on June 29, 1660, as were Massinger’s The 
Woman’s Plot, The Guardian, The Honour of Women, 
The Forced Lady, The Bashful Lovers (sic), Believe as 
you list, and The Prisoners (sic). It is plain then that 
Moseley’s dodge had failed, and that he felt obliged, 
in certain cases at least, to reénter. Warburton gives the 
show away by entering separately in the list of MSS. 
that had been in his possession Minerva’s Sacrifice, The 
Forced Lady, Believe as you list, and The Judge. He 
also owned The Woman’s Plot, The Honour of Women, 
The Noble Choice, and Alexius (to which he gives the 
alternative title of The Chaste Gallant), as well as The 
Crafty Merchant, which he credits to Marmion. Be- 


False eAttributions 97 


tween the two sets of Stationers’ Register entries, A Very 
Woman, The Guardian, and The Bashful Lover were 
given to the press. The later entries of The Guardian and 
“The Bashful Lovers” are comprehensible only on the 
assumption that the earlier entries were taken as applying 
to The City Honest Man and Alexius respectively.’ A 
Very Woman was published with the alternative title of 
The Prince of Tarent. The subsequent entry of The 
Woman’s Plot and Warburton’s listing of it serve to 
show that it was not identical with A Very Woman, 
and the reéntry at the same time of A Right Woman 
indicates that that play also is not to be identified with 
A Very Woman, as might otherwise have been a very 
reasonable supposition. It surprises me that none of the 
critics have identified it with Cupid’s Revenge: in III. 4 
Bacha is termed “a right woman,” and the title would 
be very appropriate. Whether or not Beaumont and 
Fletcher had anything to do with A Right Woman, they 
assuredly were in no way responsible for Women beware 
Women. 

1In an article in “The Library” for 1911, entitled “The Bakings 
of Betsy,” with which I was not acquainted when the above was written, 
Dr. W. W. Greg points out that 4 Very Woman contains no woman’s 
plot, and Believe as you list no judge, that The Guardian deals with 
court, and not with city life, that “The Great Man” would be a foolish 
second title for The Nobleman, and that “Henry I and Henry II,” 
clearly entered as a single play, cannot be so. Though I venture only 
with diffidence to differ with a scholar of the learning and ability of 
Dr. Greg, I do not share his doubts regarding the bona fide character 
of Warburton’s list. It seems to me that his separate entering of plays 
entered together by Moseley goes a long way towards establishing the 
genuineness of the list. Warburton may, however, easily have been mis- 


taken as to the extent of his loss, more plays than he had supposed es- 
caping the depredations of his marauding cook: that is altogether an- 


other matter. 


98 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The claim of The Inconstant Lady for consideration 
rests on the fact that in a list of plays belonging to the 
King’s company it occurs in the midst of a group of 
Fletcher plays. Unless we are to regard it as foisted in 
to separate the Fletcher plays into two groups, it would 
seem to have been looked on as a play by that drama- 
tist. That would be the natural interpretation if the 
Fletcher plays were merely in these two groups; but 
they are not; and, anyway, The Inconstant Lady shows 
not a trace of the hand of either Beaumont or Fletcher, 
and may be credited to Arthur Wilson, to whom (after 
his death) it was attributed by Moseley in a Stationers’ 
Register entry. Warburton lists it as by “William Wil- 
son.” 

At the end of the 1661 quarto of Wit without Money 
appears a list of “Plays written by Francis Beaumont 
and John Fletcher, printed in quarto.” This list con- 
sists of Wit without Money, The Night-walker, The 
Opportunity, The Coronation, The Scornful Lady, The 
Elder Brother, Philaster, A King and no King, Monsieur 
Thomas, The Bloody Brother, Rule a Wife, Thierry and 
Theodoret, The Woman-hater, The Maid’s Tragedy, 
The Knight of the Burning Pestle, Cupid’s Revenge, 
and The Noble Kinsman. This is The Opportunity’s 
only claim for consideration. It is quite certainly Shir- 
ley’s on both the external and the internal evidence. 
We are reminded of Fletcher in Pisauro’s bold tackling 
of Cornelia; but it is like him only in the method em- 
ployed, not in the style. 

It may or may not be significant that in the above- 
mentioned list three plays with all of which Shirley had 
to do should come together. The Coronation, included 


Other Plays Examined 99 


there, was published in 1640, with an ascription on some 
copies, but not on all, to Fletcher. It was included in the 
folio of 1679, though in the meantime it had been 
claimed by Shirley as his own work, “falsely ascribed to 
Fletcher.” It had indeed been licensed for the stage, in 
February, 1634-5, as Shirley’s (as The Opportunity 
had been the previous November), and it appears among 
Shirley’s plays in the Cockpit list of 1639. There can 
be no question of its being wholly his; and the evidence 
in his favor is entirely confirmed by an examination 
of the play, there being in it no sign of any hand but 
Shirley’s. There is, however, what may be a sign of 
either alteration or dual authorship. Clarilla’s muteness 
in I. 1, II. 3, and III. 2 is probably an indication of no 
more than abbreviation; but the description of Deme- 
trius in the list of characters as “supposed son” of Ma- 
carius, whereas he is throughout the play treated as the 
nephew, may have significance. 


Other Plays Examined. 


T may be well in this connection to mention five 

other plays which I examined because they had been 
claimed, on style, partly or wholly for one or other of 
our authors, though in no case, so far as I am aware, did 
the claim meet any acceptance—a circumstance which, 
of course, in no way proves its incorrectness. Boyle as- 
serted Fletcher’s part-authorship of A New Way to pay 
Old Debts. Both the external and the internal evidence 
are, however, conclusive of Massinger’s sole responsi- 
bility. Boyle’s theory is that Fletcher wrote the first 
120 lines of I. 1 (the rest of the scene being rewritten 


100 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


by Massinger) and the remainder of the play to the 
end of Act II, there being signs of him also in III. 3. 
Boyle was, I suspect, led into this error by the presence 
in the earlier part of the play of trisyllabic feet and em- 
phatic double endings, lines such as 


“You know me 
An easy mistress: be merry; I have forgot all,” 


and 


“To see thee curvet, and mount like a dog in a blanket.” 


But these are not altogether peculiar to Fletcher: Mas- 
singer can show a fair number of such lines. Thus, in 
those portions of the play that Boyle has not questioned 
to be his, we get 


“And, with my finger, can point out the north star” ;* 


Ne eee Nae — VY — Le eS — VY — 
“Will cut his neighbour’s throat,—and I hope his own #00”; 


Vv Vv — Vv — WV VY — Vv — 2 —— 
“P]] add something unto the heap, which shall be yours too”; 
WV eV VV — V — VA V 


“A piece of arrogant paper, like the inscriptions.” 


Passages bearing the most positive marks of being from 
Massinger’s pen can be produced from every one of 
those scenes that Boyle considers Fletcher’s; but I shall 
content myself with pointing out that they also contain 


1 The speech containing this is pure Massinger: 
“You think you walk in clouds, but are transparent. 
I have heard all, and the choice that you have made; 
And with my finger, can point out the north star 
By which the loadstone of your folly’s guided, 
And, to confirm this true, what think you of 
Fair Margaret?” 


Other Plays Examined 101 


many of those favorite expressions of Massinger’s by 
which Boyle was guided in giving him a share in so 
many of the “Beaumont and Fletcher” plays. 

Mr. Phelan considered the “second maiden’s tragedy” 
a work of Massinger’s, altered by Fletcher, which seems 
very like putting the cart before the horse. There is in 
any case no sign of the handiwork of Fletcher, and, as 
I pointed out in an article in “Studies in Philology” on 
The Revenger's Tragedy (April, 1926), the style is that 
of Middleton, whom I believe to be entirely responsible. 
Beaumont has been suggested as a contributor to The 
Tempest; but I fail to find him there. It has also been 
suggested that A Yorkshire Tragedy is the work of 
Shakespeare and Beaumont. For my own part, I can see 
the hand of neither. Finally the late Dr. D. L. Thomas 
suggested Fletcher’s authorship of Revenge for Hon- 
our, which appears to me to be entirely Glapthorne’s. 
I may add that I was at one time somewhat inclined, as 
I intimated in an article in “The Modern Language Re- 
view,” to ascribe a portion of Cymbeline to Beaumont, 
though I did so very hesitatingly, feeling by no means 
sure of my ground. I am now of opinion that the differ- 
ences in style to be found in so many parts of that play 
are due to the circumstance that Shakespeare’s work in 
it is of two widely separated periods. The first part of 
the vision in V. 6 (usually called V. 4), to the descent 
of Jupiter, may perhaps be his, but is more probably by 
some very inferior writer. I no longer think the play 
underwent a late revision by Massinger. 


102 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“Sir Thomas Stukeley.” 


HERE is one other play that I think it advisable 
af to dispose of here, before proceeding to deal with 
the major portion of my work. In “Notes and Queries,” 
1905, I argued in favor of the attribution to Fletcher of 
a small portion of the play of Sir Thomas Stukeley. 
Despite the extraordinary resemblance to Fletcher’s 
work in the one scene I claimed for him, a restudy more 
than once since has failed to convince me that the writer 
is really Fletcher, although practically every verse-test 
answers in the affirmative. Here indeed we have an 
example of the fact that it is possible for the ear to de- . 
tect a difference where the verse-tests tell of identity. 
Though I now rule it out, I still say that it is not im- 
possible that it may be very early work of Fletcher’s: in 
any case, it must be credited with such a foreshadowing 
of his style as we find nowhere else. The play is, from 
that point of view, so important that, without repro- 
ducing my “N. and Q.” articles, I have thought it ad- 
visable to give my present views upon it. 

Further study of the play has brought me to the con- 
clusion that the Stukeley portion of it is in the main by 
Heywood, and that the old Sebastian-Antonio play, por- 
tions of which were incorporated, was partly by Mar- 
lowe, the glowing magnificence of whose imagination is 
to be seen in four out of the seven scenes of Act IV. 
Stukeley’s speech in the first scene of this act may per- 
haps be an insertion by Heywood, to whom scene 3 is 
due; scene 7 is by a contemporary of Marlowe’s, much 
more wooden and much less gifted in every way; and 
scene 2 1s probably his, though possibly Marlowe’s. To 


“Sir Thomas Stukeley” 103 


this man (whom I may call “A”) belongs also the suc- 
ceeding chorus, which is hopelessly out of place and 
should never have been lifted from the old play. Of 
the two scenes in the very brief final act, the second is 
by Heywood (with fragments of A’s original work in 
the part succeeding the Italians’ entry), while as to the 
first it is either very corrupt or the work of yet an- 
other author. The only other Sebastian-Antonio por- 
tions of the play are III. 2a and III. 7, both of which 
are by another author (X), a man of long-winded sen- 
tences. This same writer is responsible for III. 4 from 
Philip’s entry, and is seen overwritten by Heywood in 
III. 3. Yet another author (Y) gives us the first (the 
English) version of II. 1 and also II. 2 and II. 6, all 
three being scenes in which Stukeley does not appear. 
The second (the Irish) version of II. 1 may possibly be 
Heywood’s, and all the rest of the play is his, with the 
exception of the scene (I. 2b) which I formerly took 
to be by Fletcher, and Stukeley’s first speech in I. 5, 
which is by the same writer (whom I may style “Z”’). 

How the play was put together it is not easy to say, 
but it is quite clear that two separate plays were used, 
of one (doubtless the “Stewtley” play of December, 
1596) Heywood, X, and Y being apparently the au- 
thors, while in the other (the earlier) Marlowe and X 
and A had part. The Stukeley play was presumably 
patched later by Z; and then the two plays were welded 
together by Heywood, who did the work particularly 
badly. 

The Antonio play is on the same subject as Peele’s 
Battle of Alcazar. In February, 1591-2, Strange’s men 
acted a Mulomorco which is more likely to be this play 


104 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


than Peele’s, since the latter was acted by the Admiral’s 
men. In Act II of Peele’s play Abdelmalek is addressed 
as Muly Mollocco; and in this play he is, in III. 2, and 
in III. 2 alone, called Mullucco and nothing but Mul- 
lucco. In the last two acts there is much confusion be- 
tween the brother and the rival of Abdelmalek. 

It was resemblances which I noted between portions of 
Stukeley and the plays of Heywood nearest to it in date 
and style that led me to the conclusion that the greater 
part of this patchwork production was from Heywood’s 
pen. Especially was I struck with resemblances to the 
second part of Elizabeth and the two parts of Edward 
IV. (The external evidence concerning Heywood’s au- 
thorship of this latter brace of plays is weak, but the 
internal evidence shows the attribution to be justified.) 
The form in which the play is cast, the apologetic note in 
the choruses, the thoroughly English character, patriotic, 
bourgeois, and adventure-loving, the moral tone and the 
run of the verse all tell of Heywood, and there are one 
or two of his especial tricks that are reproduced. As, in 
2 Elizabeth, he fastens on to one character (Hobson) 
a number of strange oaths, of which the most frequently 
used are “bones a me” and “mother a me,” so here we 
have Curtis using largely “passion o me,” “bones a 
Dod,” and “body o me,” as well as the Puritan oath 
“by yea and nay,” which is the favorite asseveration of 
the canting Timothy in 2 Elizabeth. The idea of the 
drowned serving as food for haddocks (III. r) is paral- 
leled in The Four Prentices (1. 4); and again in 2 Fair 
Maid of the West (IV. 1) we have “Spencer may live 
. .. among the haddocks.”” The unusual word “spend- 


1 It occurs also in D’avenant’s News from Plymouth. 


“Sir Thomas Stukeley” 105 


good” (I.1) is found also in 1 Elizabeth; “muddy 
slave” (III. 1) occurs in I. 2 of 1 Edward IV, while in 
I. 5 of the same play is “slimy, muddy clowns”; and 
the word “eternized” (V. 2) is a favorite word of Hey- 
wood’s, occurring in r Fair Maid of the West, V. 2, and 
in every act of The Golden Age, bar the first. There are 
moreover references to Stukeley, “that renowned Eng- 
lishman,” in 2 Elizabeth; and he figures also in Hey- 
wood’s “Nine Worthies.” 

My division of the play is not materially different 
from what it was before; but I must mention one or 
two circumstances that may be held to show that Hey- 
wood’s hand has been even busier than I am prepared 
to admit. The late lamented Rupert Brooke pointed out, 
in his plea for Heywood’s authorship of Appius (a 
plea most strongly urged, and, in my opinion, justly, 
though I think Webster’s share in the play rather larger 
than Brooke was prepared to admit), Heywood’s amus- 
ing fancy for crediting every great man with a secretary. 
This tendency is displayed here (in II. 1 and II. 6) 
quite absurdly, even the Irish rebel, ONeill, being 
thus endowed. Again in that small portion of the play 
which I have attributed to Z occurs the asseveration “by 
this flesh and blood” which Heywood uses in III. 1, and 
which I fancy I have met also in one of his acknowledged 
plays. “Graceless boy” occurs also both in the Z portion 
and in Heywood’s I. 7; but the run of the verse is alto- 
gether different. The importance of the Z portion of the 
play has never been properly recognized. It was pre- 
sumably, though not certainly, written before the Sta- 
tioners’ Register entry of 1600 was made; but who 
could, so early as that, have written in such a style is a 


106 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


puzzle. In none of Heywood’s acknowledged plays is 
there a trace of such a manner.” 

Simpson is probably right in saying the play can 
scarcely date later than 1598 because it contains no hint 


21 have left this as I wrote it in or about 1915. Since then I 
have seen an article on the play by that distinguished scholar, Pro- 
fessor J. Quincy Adams (“Journal of English and Germanic Philology,” 
1916), in which he declares for Heywood’s authorship of the bulk of 
it, regarding him as the reviser and welder of the two old plays. He 
gives many more proofs of Heywood’s presence than I have done; but 
I notice that all the parallels he adduces with Heywood’s acknowledged 
plays occur in those scenes which I have credited to that writer, with 
the exception of one passage in III. 7, one in IV.1 (“And stoops her 
proud head lower than his knee”), one in IV. 7 (“Dreadful horror dogs 
thee at the heels,” which I do not conceive to be original with Hey- 
wood), and this in I. 2b: 

“Your master is an ordinary student. 
Page. Indeed, sir, he studies very extraordinarily” ; 
with which Professor Adams compares this from The Royal King and 
the Loyal Subject:— 
“Ts this not worth the trusting from an ordinary? 
Host. Nay, if you prate, I shall use you somewhat extraordinary.” 

This interesting article further points out that in I. 5 Blunt becomes 
Thump, Spring becomes Sparing, and Curtis does not use his tag, 
“Bones a dod”; that II. 6 seems detached; that the choruses are Hey- 
wood-like in entreating the patience of the auditory and asking them 
to retain their seats till the end of the play (features of the writer’s 
apologetic custom to which I have referred); that the use of “think” 
for “imagine” (first chorus: “Think him on the sea”) is frequent in 
Heywood’s choruses; that the dramatist departs from fact to make 
Curtis leave part of his wealth to “the hospital,” in accordance with 
Heywood’s fancy for making his characters philanthropical; and that 
the objection to commanders occupying feather beds while their men 
sleep on the damp ground, the idea of open-handed hospitality, the glorifi- 
cation of trades, the objection to the arrest of a passenger in a cap- 
tured ship, the theme of an Englishman returning to prison and perhaps 
death in order to keep a promise, and a disappointed lover’s sudden de- 


velopment of a hatred of his country and a resolve to travel, are all 
Heywood traits. 


Lost Plays 107 


of Sebastian’s escape from the battlefield. It is to be 
noted that Peele’s play was revived by the Admiral’s 
men in 1598-9. 


The Lost Plays. 


MUST not fail to give a few lines to the lost plays. 

Of A Right Woman I have already spoken. It 

may or may not be identical with Cupid’s Revenge. It 

is most reasonable, perhaps, to reckon it among the | 
lost. 

A Madoc, attributed to Beaumont, was entered in 
the Stationers’ Register in June, 1660, but not printed. 
If it were entirely the work of Beaumont, its loss is 
particularly to be deplored. 

In 1613 Fletcher is known to have combined with 
Massinger, Field, and Daborne in the writing of a play 
for the Lady Elizabeth’s company. This may possibly 
be one of the extant plays; but it cannot be satisfactorily 
identified with any one of them; and I am inclined to 
think that it has not come down to us. 

In 1619 (according to Lawrence, 1617) Fletcher, 
Massinger, and Field were at work together on The 
Jeweller of Amsterdam for the King’s men; but this 
certainly is missing. 

Fletcher’s Wandering Lovers may assuredly be identi- 
fied with The Lover’s Progress; but his Devil of Dow- 
gate, or Usury put to Use, licensed for the King’s men 
October, 1623, may be regarded as lost, the attempts 
to identify it with extant plays being unsatisfactory. 


108 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


T he External Evidence. 


F the fifty-nine plays that now call for considera- 

tion, there is but one—The Faithful Shepherdess 
—with the highest claim to genuineness, a definite claim 
by the author. Five—Barnavelt, The Birth of Merlin, 
Henry VIII, Julius Cesar, and A Very Woman—de- 
pend entirely upon internal evidence. The claim of The 
Widow on external grounds is exceedingly weak; and 
that of Thierry is not at all strong. Of the remaining 
fifty-one, all but five may be regarded as tolerably cer- 
tain of their place unless particularly strong internal 
evidence can be brought against the presence of either 
Beaumont or Fletcher. Finally, it is to be said of The 
Bloody Brother, Double Falsehood, The Faithful 
Friends, The Laws of Candy,and The Two Noble Kins- 
men that, strong as the external evidence is for every 
one of them, it does not, for one reason or another, 
amount to anything like certainty. I may perhaps put 
the attitude to be adopted to plays of these various 
classes thus: the right of The Faithful Shepherdess to 
figure here cannot be overthrown by internal evidence; 
and that of the bulk of the plays, such as The Humor- 
ous Lieutenant, only for very strong reasons: in the 
case of The Bloody Brother and the others named with 
it, the presence of one or other of our two authors is 
to be presumed, and is not to be easily disposed of; 
while, as regards Thierry, though there is a presump- 
tion in favor of its authenticity, it is quite assailable; as 
to The Widow, there is no presumption one way or 
the other; and, for Henry VIII and the others destitute 
of external evidence, it is to be said that the natural 


The Order Observed Here 109 


presumption is unfavorable. Every play, however, from 
The Faithful Shepherdess to the five with no external 
evidence to back up their claims, must be considered 
purely on merits, without prejudice, without precon- 
ceived ideas. Such, whether I have succeeded or not, has 
been my aim, my desire never being to prove a case, but 
to arrive at the truth, as may, I think, be seen by my 
readiness to scrap my former views where they have 
seemed to me unwarranted, and to shirk no facts un- 
favorable to my conclusions. 


The Order Observed Here. 


HESITATED whether to take the plays in alpha- 

betical order, in probable order of date, in the order 
in which I had taken them in my original article, in the 
order in which I have recommended their study, or 
beginning with the best attested and working down to 
those dependent entirely upon internal evidence. I have 
ultimately decided on none of these courses, but to 
take, first, the plays in which I see Fletcher alone; sec- 
ond, those in which I can name no one but Beaumont 
and Fletcher; third, those wholly by Fletcher and 
Massinger; fourth, those by Beaumont, Fletcher, and 
Massinger alone; fifth, those in which Shakespeare is 
concerned; sixth, those in which the hand of Field ap- 
pears; seventh, those of the remaining plays in which 
Beaumont took a part; eighth, the remaining plays, in 
which Beaumont took no part. To take the subjects of 
examination in this order has advantages that seem to me 
to outweigh the disadvantages. 


110 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Division to (Chronological Groups. 


Ale plays to be considered are divisible into four 
groups chronologically—those produced prior to — 
Beaumont’s death in 1616, those between that date and 
the commencement of Herbert’s Office-book in 1622, 
those thenceforward till the death of Fletcher, and those 
that were produced posthumously. Forty-six of the 
plays may be definitely placed—twenty-four of them in 
the initial group; one (Women Pleased) as belonging, 
in its existing form, mainly to the second group, but 
as certainly dating in its original form from the first 
period; fourteen (The Laws of Candy, The Queen of 
Corinth, The Loyal Subject, The Knight of Malta, 
The Mad Lover, The Humorous Lieutenant, Barna- 
velt, The Custom of the Country, The Little French 
Lawyer, The False One, The Double Marriage, The 
Pilgrim, The Wild-goose Chase, The Island Princess) 
in the second group; and seven (The Prophetess, The 
— Sea-voyage, The Spanish Curate, The Maid in the Mill, 
The Lovers Progress, A Wife for a Month, Rule a 
Wife) in the third group. That leaves thirteen whose 
position is more or less doubtful. 

Of these, The Noble Gentleman was licensed and 
produced posthumously, but probably was written in 
the first period. The Fair Maid of the Inn was also 
licensed posthumously; but the date of Fletcher’s work 
in it is indeterminate. A Very Woman, another fourth- 
period play, must in its first form have been either first 
or second period, before Herbert began his entries. The 
Night-walker was licensed long after Fletcher’s death, 


Chronological Division III 


as corrected by Shirley; but in its first form it must 
have been before 1622 and probably before 1616. 

The outstanding feature about the remaining nine is 
that none of them figures in Herbert’s record. Let it 
be noted that of the seven plays licensed by Herbert 
during Fletcher’s lifetime there is not the slightest 
reason to doubt that every one was licensed as a new 
play. The two immediately posthumous plays are in 
different case. The Noble Gentleman has unquestionably 
undergone alteration, and there is other reason to think 
that the 1625-6 production was not the original one; 
and there is at least a possibility that it and The Fair 
Maid of the Inn may have been early plays, largely re- 
written, and licensed as new, especially if, as is possible, 
neither had previously been produced, though, even if 
they had been “staled with the stage,” they might still 
have been licensed, as, e.g., was Massinger’s version of 
A Very Woman in 1634. Of the definitely pre-Her- 
bertian, post-Beaumontian plays there is, besides Women 
Pleased, only one that contains sure signs of revision or 
allusions that call for a dating during Beaumont’s life- 
time (though of course one cannot say positively that 
the others did not suffer revision and that the first 
version may not have been of early date). That one is 
The Wild-goose Chase, for which there is no reason 
to infer a date prior to 1616. So far then the presence 
or absence of the names of plays in the Office-book may 
be taken as affording a certain line of chronological divi- 
sion, save as regards the two immediately posthumous 
plays. 

Let me explain why I am devoting space to this 
question: it is because the importance of it in regard 


112 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


to the chronology of the Beaumont and Fletcher plays 
has never been sufficiently recognized, and because also 
the tentative scheme I put forward in “E. S.” depends 
almost entirely upon the’ reliability and completeness 
of Herbert’s record when taken in conjunction with the 
actors’ lists attached to many of the plays. It is astound- 
ing to find Sir Edmund Chambers, the historian of 
“The Elizabethan Stage,” whose great work, despite 
some amazing blunders (as, for example, when he lists 
The Faithful Friends and Second Maiden’s Tragedy 
among lost plays, making the matter worse in the case 
of the latter by appending a contradictory note to the 
effect that that often-printed play is extant in MS.), 
can scarcely be too warmly praised for the enormous 
industry that has gone to its making—it is astounding, 
I say, to find him unable to realize the significance of 
the absence of the name of a play from Herbert’s list, 
the more so as he makes many deductions for which 
there is very much less warrant. He should at least 
acknowledge—it is difficult to understand the failure 
of any one acquainted with the circumstances to do so— 
the possibility of plays that do not appear in Herbert’s 
Office-book dating from before the death of Shake- 
speare, with which he purports to close his investigations 
into the history of the Elizabethan stage; yet, while 
shutting out a number of Beaumont and Fletcher plays 
that come in this category, he is so hopelessly incon- 
sistent as to include within his survey The Witch of Ed- 
monton, which he must know to lie outside the period. 
It is included, he says, for the sake of completeness; and 
it is presumably for the same reason that another late 
play, The Wonder of a Kingdom, is included. But why 


Chronological Division 113 


be so anxious to make Dekker’s record complete, with 
so little reason, and yet exclude everything of Beaumont 
and Fletcher’s which does not seem to him to possess 
really strong proof of its right to be there? In the one 
case he includes absolute impossibilities; in the other, 
he excludes what he can hardly deny to be at least 
possibilities. It is an example of the many inconsistencies 
and contradictions that mar an otherwise excellent work. 
He argues that there is no certainty that our record of 
entries of Fletcher plays in Herbert’s Office-book is 
complete; but the chances are greatly in favor of its be- 
ing so; and he has shown no reason why it should not 
be so regarded. His assertions of late dates for a number 
of the plays are, accordingly, absolutely baseless. 

Of the nine plays remaining for consideration, four— 
Love’s Pilgrimage, The Bloody Brother, Thierry, and 
Four Plays in One—are entirely indefinite in date, 
though all critics, save two, are agreed in placing the 
last-named prior to 1616. Two other plays—The Nice 
Valour and Beggars’ Bush—are in all probability partly 
of the first and partly of a later period. Both have clearly 
undergone revision, and the attachment of Beaumont’s 
verses to the latter in the folio implies a connection 
between it and that writer. The Nice Valour contains an 
allusion dating 1624 or later; but there is no reason to 
suppose that that is the date of the original version. Beg- 
gars’ Bush was acted at Court in 1622; but that need 
not have been the year of the original production. The 
probabilities, in fact, favor an early date for both these 
plays; and the likelihood is increased by the absence of 
actors? lists in the second folio, as they would have been 
almost certain to carry such lists had the known per- 


114 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


formances by the King’s men been the original ones. 
The Faithful Friends there is reason for dating before 
1616. 

The prologue to The Chances speaks of the author, 
Fletcher, as dead; but there is nothing to show whether 
it was written for the original production or for a re- 
vival, though that it was for the first performance may 
be implied. The play contains matter that may have 
been written after the death of Fletcher; but that fact 
does not render it necessary for us to regard the work 
as posthumous. It should date prior to 1622. The Elder 
Brother is also, if the prologue be credited, to be re- 
garded as posthumous. Why then was it not licensed? 
This play affords, in fact, the only solid reason for 
supposing the Herbert record to be incomplete, the 
ground for questioning it on the score of The Chances 
being very indefinite. The difficulty is, then, regarding 
the three professedly posthumous plays, The Noble 
Gentleman, The Fair Maid of the Inn, and The Elder 
Brother. The first was certainly twice written, and the 
posthumous versions of it and The Fair Maid of the Inn 
were probably not the original ones. Despite the pro- 
logue, the case of The Elder Brother may be similar. 
It should be partly of either first or second period. I am 
a sufficient believer in the completeness of the entries of 
Fletcher’s plays as we have them as extracted from Her- 
bert’s Office-book to hold that this play was not licensed. 
If it was only a revision the fact is understandable, for 
it was only occasionally that plays were relicensed on 
being rewritten. As I have said, this play is the only 
real obstacle to a recognition of the completeness of the 
Herbert entries; for that Te Chances was not post- 


Dates of Dramatists (Concerned ris 


humous may be inferred from the absence in the second 
folio of an actors? list; for all the plays known positively 
to have belonged originally to the King’s company, ex- 
cept such as had previously been published in quarto, 
have such lists, and it is hard to imagine that a post- 
humous late play of Fletcher’s would be in the hands 
of any but the King’s men. I hold, then, that The Elder 
Brother was first produced, in another form, during 
Fletcher’s lifetime, and that there is no reason to con- 
sider any play not named in the Herbert entries, as we 
possess them, as belonging to the period of Herbert’s 
mastership, the eleven plays of Fletcher’s (including the 
lost Devil of Dowgate) of which Malone tells us being 
the only ones of that writer’s licensed between May, 
1622, and 1626. 


Dates of the Dramatists Concerned. 


HIS work is in no sense a biography of either 

Beaumont or Fletcher; and, if I give a few par- 
ticulars about them, it is only because they may have a 
bearing upon the dating of the plays attributed to 
them. For a similar reason I must give such particu- 
lars also about the other dramatists who collaborated 
with either of them or who were concerned in the writ- 
ing of any plays dealt with here. 

John Fletcher was born in 1579, and probably be- 
gan his dramatic career very early in the seventeenth 
century, since almost all the playwrights of the time 
began young; and especially is this likely to have been 
the case with a man of Fletcher’s type. According to 
D’avenant, he “wore the bays” “full twenty years.” If 
that statement be correct, he was writing by 1605. It is 


116 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


a reasonable surmise that he was at work as early as 
1602 or 1603. Even the ultra-cautious Chambers de- 
clares that he had almost certainly written for the 
Queen’s Revels before the beginning, about 1608, of his 
collaboration with Beaumont. Asa matter of fact, there 
is no surmise at all in putting his beginnings before 1608, 
but there is surmise in setting the beginning of his part- 
nership with Beaumont so early as that year. 

Dryden states that the two friends’ first success was 
won with Philaster, but that this was preceded by sev- 
eral failures. What these failures were we do not know; 
but we are told that The Faithful Shepherdess, Mon- 
sieur Thomas, and The Knight of the Burning Pestle 
were all poorly received. We do not even know whether 
or not the plays to which Dryden refers were joint 
productions. The two poets must have been known to 
one another and to Jonson as early as 1607-8, when 
each wrote verses on the occasion of the publication of 
Ben’s Volpone. It may be presumed that they had al- 
ready, by that time, gained a place in the theatrical 
world. 

Francis Beaumont, the senior partner, but the younger 
man, was born in 1584 or 1585, and his poetical career 
would seem to have begun not later than 1602, when the 
anonymous “Salmacis” was published. The authenticity 
of the poem has been questioned, but not with much 
reason. It seems to be very plainly indicated by the fact 
that attached to John Beaumont’s “Metamorphosis of 
Tobacco,” published the same year, are verses signed 
“F. B.,” containing the lines, 


“My new-born muse assays her tender wing, 
And, where she should cry, is enforced to sing.” 


Dates of Dramatists Concerned 117 


There can hardly be a doubt that these verses are Francis 
Beaumont’s; and, as if to make assurance doubly sure, 
“Salmacis” has Pomncneatoey verses ‘by “‘J.*B.” ‘There 
can, then, be little doubt of the future dramatist’s hav- 
ing tried out his muse at an early age. For the stage he 
was certainly writing in 1607, probably in 1606, and 
quite likely still earlier. The date of the commencement 
of the famous partnership may be about 1608 or 1609, 
or it may have been later, or it may have been con- 
siderably earlier. If the two worked in conjunction, it 
does not necessarily mean that neither wrote any plays 
alone. Fletcher is especially likely to have done so, 
since he worked with his pen for a living, while Beau- 
mont remained more or less of an amateur, knowing 
doubtless a certain shortness of funds now and then, 
but probably never being in dire necessity. In 1606 he 
“came into money,” and in 1613 he married an heiress. 
It is generally supposed that the partnership then broke 
up; and indeed Fletcher seems to have married in De- 
cember, 1612. Fletcher was certainly writing with others 
in or about 1613; but it is not necessary to suppose there- 
fore that Beaumont had given up playwriting alto- 
gether. He died, however, on March 6, 1615-6. 
Fletcher carried on till August, 1625, when he died of 
the plague. 

Philip Massinger was born in 1583. One might 
expect from the nature of his genius that he would 
display little of the precocity of his great contempo- 
raries; and indeed the first we hear of him is in 1613 
or 1614; but, as he was then writing in conjunction 
with Daborne, Field, and Fletcher, he must have had 
a reputation and an amount of previous experience. He 


+ 


118 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


cannot have begun his stage career before 1606, in which 
year he left Oxford. He died in March, 1639-40, work- 
ing up to the end. 

William Rowley, who is supposed to have been about 
the same age as Massinger, was certainly writing in 1607, 
when a play partly by him was given to the press. That 
play dates from the reign of Elizabeth; but Rowley’s 
work may have been done later. He was certainly writing 
for the stage as late as 1624, and probably a good deal 
later. He seems to have ceased acting at some date be- 
tween 1625 and 1629. A William Rowley was married 
in 1637, but whether or not this was the dramatist can- 
not be said. The date of his death is unknown. 

James Shirley was born in 1596, and published his 
first poem in 1618. He did not, however, go to London, 
to enter upon a dramatic career, till 1624. He began 
work almost immediately, a play of his being licensed in 
February, 1624-5. He worked up till the closing of 
the theaters. 

William Shakespeare was born in 1564. When he 
came to London is not known; but he was engaged in 
dramatic work (probably only play-patching) as early 
as 1592. By some scholars he is held to have aban- 
doned play-writing in 1611; but there is reason to be- 
lieve that he continued active till 1613; nor can it be 
definitely said that he did not continue creative work 
till his death in 1616. 

Nathan Field was born in October, 1587, and began 
his theatrical career in 1600 as one of the Chapel Chil- 
dren. He was writing plays as early as 1609-10, and, 
as Chapman says, in 1612, in verses addressed to him, 


“To many forms, as well as many ways, 
Thy active muse turns, like thy acted woman,” 


‘Dates of Dramatists (oncerned 11g 


he would seem to have written tragedy, as well as 
comedy, by that date. He was still writing in 1619, but 
seems to have abandoned the stage in that year. He was 
alive in 1625, but the date of his death is unknown." 

Benjamin Jonson (his own spelling of the name 
“Johnson”) was born in 1572. As he appears in Meres’ 
list of the best writers of tragedy, in 1598, his advent 
as a dramatist can scarcely be placed later than 1596. 
Between 1616 and 1625-6 he gave no play to the 
stage; but then he began again, and continued certainly 
till 1633, and perhaps till his death in 1637. 

Thomas Middleton, the date of whose birth is un- 
known, issued a poem in 1597. His theatrical career had 
probably already begun, since his Mayor of Quinbor- 
ough, which is called alternatively “Hengist, King of 
Kent,” in an extant MS. and is vouched for as the “first 
flight” of the author, is in all likelihood identical (in a 
revised form) with the “Henges” revived as an old play 
in June, 1597, and perhaps, as Fleay suggested, with the 
Valtiger produced as a new play the preceding Decem- 
ber. He was certainly a busy dramatist by 1602, and the 
unreadiness to believe that he can date earlier than that 
is hard to understand. If the date of c. 1570 given for 
his birth by Chambers and others be approximately cor- 

1In “Modern Language Notes,” January, 1927, Miss Florence Brink- 
ley shows conclusively that Field (whose birthmonth she gives, perhaps 
correctly, as March) died between May 19, 1619, and August 2, 1620, 
when letters of administration were granted for his estate. Miss Brink- 
ley is, however, mistaken in thinking that any significance is to be at- 
tached to the absence of his name from among those of the actors men- 
tioned in the stage directions to Barnavelt, since these were all, with a 


single exception, but players of minor parts. She finally disposes of the 
confusion between Nathan and his brother Nathanael, the publisher. 


120 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


rect (as a matter of fact, it is only guesswork), it is not 
reasonable, in view of what we know of other drama- 
tists of the time, to suppose that his career began any 
later than 1596. He was still writing in 1624, and 
died (probably still in harness) about the middle of 
1627. 

John Webster may, as Chambers points out, be the 
John Webster who was one of Browne’s company of 
English actors in Germany in 1596. He was engaged 
in dramatic work in 1602, and was still working in 1624, 
and probably somewhat later. He was dead before Hey- 
wood published his “Hierarchie of the Angels” in 
£62 5s 

Cyril Tourneur issued a poetical satire in 1600, when 
he may have been about twenty-five. His Atheists 
Tragedy may date perhaps 1604 or perhaps (but less 
probably) 1607; but, as it hardly reads like a first effort, 
he may have commenced his career at the beginning of 
the century. He was still writing in 1613, but in De- 
cember of that year he went abroad. He apparently had 
no further connection with the stage, and died in Febru- 
ary, 1625-6. 

John Ford is usually regarded as having begun his 
dramatic career in 1621, it being assumed that the Bad 
Beginning makes a Good Ending acted at Court by the 
King’s men during 1612-3 was too early for him, 

*F. L. Lucas (“Times Literary Supplement,” October 28, 1926) 
suggests that the dramatist was the “Mr John Webster, late of New 
Inn, gent., son and heir-apparent of John Webster of London, gent.” 
admitted to Middle Temple June 30, 1598, and that he was there- 
fore probably born about 1580-1. This would certainly fit in with the 


knowledge of the law and the fondness for trial scenes displayed in 
Webster’s work. 


Dates of Dramatists (Concerned 121 


and that at best the “Ill Beginning has a Good End” 
entered in the Stationers’ Register in 1660 as Ford’s can 
only be a later rewriting of that play. But, because we 
know nothing of Ford’s activities between 1613 and 
1621, we do not need to assume that he was not play- 
writing. He is by no means the only dramatist of whose 
doings during that period we are ignorant. Moreover, 
we have to consider that in the earliest play of Ford’s 
known to have come down to us his style is already 
formed. Had he not been well known by that time he 
would hardly have been working on equal terms with 
Dekker and William Rowley. He was born in 1585-6, 
and to assume that he delayed entering upon a dramatic 
career till he was in his thirty-sixth year is somewhat 
ridiculous. It may be further mentioned that he pub- 
lished a poem as early as 1606. So far as is known, 
his last play was licensed for the stage in May, 1638; 
but he may have continued writing till his death the 
following year. 

Robert Daborne first appears on the scene as one of 
the patentees of a dramatic company in 1609-10. He 
was still connected with the theater early in 1616, but 
by 1618 he had taken orders, and he died in March, 
1628. 

William D’avenant was born early in 1606, and his 
stage career began in 1626-7. It continued till May, 
1641 (with a break from 1630 to 1633), and was re- 
sumed after the Restoration. 

Richard Brome is first heard of as a playwriter in 
1623, and was still at work at the closing of the theaters. 

Christopher Marlowe’s career ended in 1593, when 


122 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fletcher was fourteen years of age, and Beaumont eight 
or nine. 

Lewis Theobald was not born till long after the close 
of the era. He was a notable scholar of the eighteenth 
century. 


Companies and Dramatists. 


ESIDES knowing something of the dates within 

which these dramatists were engaged in writing 
plays, it is necessary to have some idea of the companies 
with which they and others were connected at particular 
stages of their career. 

The companies for which Beaumont is known to have 
written are (1) Paul’s boys (1605-6), (2) Queen’s 
Revels Children (1607-11), (3) King’ s (1609-10 
to 1612). Fletcher’s list of companies varies only in 
taking the King’s up to 1613 and from 1616 to 1624, 
and in adding Lady Elizabeth’s (1613). Though we 
cannot say so for certain, his connection with the King’s 
men was perhaps never broken from 1609 till his death. 
The theatrical connections of the two friends may there- 
fore be set down as (1) Paul’s boys till the disbandment 
of the company about 1606-7, (2) Queen’s Revels 
Children thenceforward till 1611, (3) King’s simul- 
taneously from 1609-10 till 1612, Fletcher thence- 
forward being regularly with the King’s men, save per- 
haps for a two- or three-years’ break from 1613. 

We need, then, first to consider what dramatists were 
connected with Paul’s boys from 1602 till their dis- 
bandment in or about 1606-7; for, though only one 
Beaumont and Fletcher play is known to have been given 
by this company, others may in their first form have 


Companies and Dramatists 123 


dated back to this period. Possible collaborators, revisers, 
or masters may be Dekker and Webster (from the lat- 
ter part of 1604 to 1605-6), Middleton (1603 to 
1606), and Chapman (1604).* 

It is also necessary to consider what writers were con- 
nected with the Queen’s Revels Children from 1606-7 
to 1611. These were Chapman (perhaps for the entire 
period), Marston (till 1608), Barksted (1609-1610), 
Jonson (1609), and Field (throughout).’ Daborne too, 
as a patentee for the company in 1609-10, probably 
wrote for it. 

The Queen’s Revels Children seem to have formed 
a very close connection with the Lady Elizabeth’s men 
in 1613, and from 1616 London knew the company no 
more. The Elizabeth’s men, however, carried on for 
some years longer, and probably took over some of 
the Queen’s Revels Children’s Beaumont and Fletcher 
plays. Chambers surmises (it is only a surmise, though a 
very reasonable one, even if it has no sounder founda- 
tion than some of the surmises he is constantly depre- 
cating) that on the reorganization of the company which 
took place on Henslowe’s death in 1615-6, some of 
these plays passed to the King’s, while others remained 

1] wish here to acknowledge my great indebtedness to Chambers’ 
“Elizabethan Stage.” Without his work to refer to, my task would have 
been much more arduous than it has been. Though there are annoying 
lacune, owing to his erratic interpretation of what plays should be re- 
garded as coming within the period to which he has most regrettably 
restricted his survey, his work is absolutely indispensable to the scholar. 

2 Chambers (“Elizabethan Stage,” volume 3, page 145) omits mention 
of this writer’s Woman is a Weathercock as a Queen’s Revels Children’s 
play. Mr. H. N. Hillebrand, in “Modern Language Notes” for January, 


1927, shows that Middleton also provided a play for this company in 
May, 1606. 


124 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


with the company and were ultimately left with Beeston 
when the company’s occupation of the Cockpit ended in 
1625. Beeston at his theater housed the Queen Henri- 
etta’s men from 1625 to 1637, and these were suc- 
ceeded by the King’s and Queen’s young company 
(“Beeston’s boys”). Such of Beaumont and Fletcher’s 
plays as did not pass to King’s may then have been liable 
to alteration by dramatists connected with the Lady 
Elizabeth’s men up to 1625, with the Queen’s men from 
1625 to 1637, or with Beeston’s boys from 1637 on. 
It is necessary then to consider what professional drama- 
tists were connected with those companies at these 
periods. 

Richard Brome was writing for Queen’s in 1636; 
Daborne was with the Lady Elizabeth’s from 1613 to 
1615-6; D’avenant had control of Beeston’s boys 
from 1639 to 1641; Davenport was with the Lady 
Elizabeth’s men in 1624, and later (before 1629) with 
the Queen’s; Field was with Elizabeth’s up to 1615-6 
or thereabouts; Ford was writing for them from 1621 
to 1624, perhaps earlier, and probably up till 1625, 
was subsequently with the Queen’s, and in 1638 was with 
Beeston’s boys; but his service with them was not con- 
tinuous, for he also wrote for the King’s men in and 
about 1628; Glapthorne wrote for Beeston’s boys; 
Heywood was writing for Elizabeth’s in 1624, and 
later did some work for Queen’s; Jonson was with 
Elizabeth’s in 1614; Marmion wrote one play for the 
Queen’s men; Massinger was with Elizabeth’s from 
1613 to 1615, and again from 1622 (or 1623) to 1624, 
and with Queen’s in 1627 and 1628; Middleton wrote 
for Elizabeth’s in 1611 and in 1622; Nabbes was with 


Companies and Dramatists 125 


the Queen’s men from 1632 to 1635, and with Bees- 
ton’s boys in 1638 and 1639; William Rowley was with 
Elizabeth’s in 1616 and was also writing for them in 
1621 and 1622; Shirley began with Elizabeth’s in 1624, 
and was with Queen’s from 1629 or earlier till 1636, 
then going to Ireland, where he remained four years; 
and Webster wrote for the Cockpit at some indetermi- 
nate date. 

In the case of the King’s company, it is necessary to 
consider not only those poets who worked for the com- 
pany between the end of 1609 and the middle of 1613, 
but all who wrote for it professionally up to the closing 
of the theaters. These were: Field, whose connection 
with them began probably in 1616 and ended in 1619; 
Jonson, who was with them in 1610, and also from 
1625 to 1633; Tourneur, who was active from 1611 
to 1613; Webster, who was one of the poets of the 
company in 1612; Massinger, who was writing for the 
company in 1619, and again in 1626, and continuously 
from 1629 till his death; Ford, whose dates are none 
too certain, but who was certainly connected with the 
company in 1628 and probably had a play produced by 
it in 1612-3; William Rowley, whose relations to it 
seem to have been intermittent, but who was writing 
for it in 1623 and 1625; Middleton, 1624; Arthur 
Wilson, who did some dramatic work in 1631 and 1633; 
Glapthorne, at some indefinite date; Heywood, who had 
a brief turn with the company in 1634; Shirley, from 
1640 to the closing of the theaters; D’avenant, from 
1626-7 till about the end of 1638; Brome, from Febru- 
ary, 1628-9, or perhaps earlier, till 1634; and Shake- 


speare. 


126 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The dates I give are in every case known ones. The 
possibility is not precluded of work being done outside 
those dates. For instance, internal evidence shows us that 
Massinger was with King’s in 1622. 

There is also the possibility of a drama’s having been 
founded on the work of an older writer or altered after 
the closing of the theaters; but of the older writers Mar- 
lowe is the only one seeming to call for consideration; 
while there are only two or three plays (outside those 
of the folios) that, in their first form, as we have it, 
may possibly have been touched up in Commonwealth 
days or later, and Theobald is the only writer of those 
later days who need concern us. 

This closes our list of candidates for consideration, 
but there are two other writers who must be mentioned. 
One is Robert Armin, who was connected with the 
King’s men during the Beaumont and Fletcher period, 
but who, though a playwright of sorts, does not seem 
to have written for the company. The other was Alex- 
ander Brome, who appears to have written for the 
Queen’s men during Beeston’s régime, and who, though 
not a professional dramatist, had a taste for editing. Still 
less need we be concerned with Michael Drayton, since 
his company connections do not fit the requirements. He 
must yet be named as a bare possibility, by reason of his 
known friendship for Beaumont. 

It will be noted that not all the men named are prob- 
able collaborators, many of them having their places 
merely as possible revisers. Of those who really matter, 
Richard Brome, D’avenant, and Shirley, and of course 
Marlowe and Theobald, need not be thought of as col- 
laborators of either Beaumont or Fletcher, while on 


Companies and T heaters 127 


the contrary Shakespeare, Tourneur, Daborne, Field, 
Chapman, and Beaumont himself, are not open to con- 
sideration as late revisers—that is to say, rewriters on 
a play’s revival—save in so far as Beaumont may have 
revised his own early work. Jonson, Webster, and Mid- 
dleton may not only have collaborated with Beaumont 
and Fletcher, but may also have been late rewriters, 
as may Fletcher himself, both of his own work and of 
Beaumont’s; and, finally, Rowley, Massinger, and Ford 
may be considered both as late revisers and as possible 
collaborators with Fletcher after the retirement of Beau- 
mont. 


Companies and T heaters. 


HE connection of the companies concerned with 

the various theaters during the period must also 
be known, because cases occur in which the title-pages 
of plays state the theaters at which they were performed, 
but not the company by which they were staged. 

Paul’s boys had their own house. The Queen’s Revels 
Children were at the Blackfriars till, apparently, Au- 
gust, 1609, though their lease terminated a year earlier. 
They then went to Whitefriars, which housed them till 
1615 or 1616. In 1616 they acted in Porter’s Hall; 
but it was demolished in 1616-7, though it had not 
been opened till the close of 1615. The company was 
variously known as Chapel Children, Children of the 
Revels, Children of Blackfriars, and Children of White- 
friars. 

The home of the Lady Elizabeth’s company (after- 
wards known as the Queen of Bohemia’s) from its es- 
tablishment in 1611 till 1613 is doubtful. It was prob- 


128 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ably the Rose, though it certainly performed at least 
once at the Swan (the date, however, of this perform- 
ance being doubtful). From 1613 it was at Whitefriars, 
and by the end of 1614 the company was established in 
the newly built Hope. It was at Porter’s Hall in 1616, 
and then, after apparently a six-years’ absence from 
London, appeared at the Cockpit (known also as the 
Phoenix, or “the Theatre in Drury Lane”) till the 
theaters closed down in May, 1625, on account of the 
plague. When the Cockpit reopened in December the 
newly formed Queen’s took the place of the Queen of 
Bohemia’s men, who are not to be traced in London 
later. The Queen’s company remained at the Cockpit 
till that theater was again closed on account of the 
plague in May, 1636. When it reopened in February, 
1636-7, it had passed to a new organization, Bees- 
ton’s boys, which company remained there till the final 
closing of the theaters. The Queen’s men amalgamated 
with the Revels company and played under their old 
name at Salisbury Court. Their repertory of plays seems, 
however, to have remained at the Cockpit. 

During the whole period from 1609 to the end of 
things in 1642 the King’s men produced at the two 
theaters, the Globe and the Blackfriars, save for the few 
months after the burning of the Globe in 1613, while the 
new Globe was being built. Prior to August, 1609, they 
acted at the Globe alone. 

Those who want more detailed particulars of the his- 
tory of the theaters may be referred to J. T. Murray’s 
“English Dramatic Companies” and Chambers’ “Eliza- 
bethan Stage.” 


(‘duvigryT Jouowssassuo;) uo1f ydoisojoyg) “S&o1 ‘udvyy uv 


LMM LYUDAT (CDIUUSO) VIBOJOJUOYIAY BMAN,, S.pals{]JOH SIapNyT wor 


(«M904 9) SUUI4d JV ) 
“Kanquas YIZ1 ays [0 apvrap puoras ay] Ul Uopuo'T 


Actors’ Lists 129 


eActors? Lists. 


FACT that is very helpful in the dating of many of 

the plays and in determining the companies by 
which they were performed is the provision of actors’ 
lists in the second folio. The benefit applies not merely 
to those provided with such lists, but also to others. The 
absence of such a list means much. Of the fifty-two 
plays in the folio, eleven are known definitely to have 
been produced by companies other than King’s. Only two 
of these have lists. Three others were written for un- 
known companies. These also have no lists. The remain- 
ing thirty-eight plays all belonged to King’s at one time 
or other; of these, twenty-three have lists; but in the 
case of Women Pleased the names are not those of the 
original performers (though the company was the same), 
and in the case of The Lover’s Progress, though the list 
is that of the original performers, the text of the play is 
a revision made at a much later period. Assuming that 
the three plays whose producing companies are unknown 
were not King’s company’s plays (as we may reasonably 
do), we have fifteen out of thirty-eight King’s plays 
and twelve out of fourteen non-King’s plays without 
lists. We find also that, of the twelve, nine (the three 
exceptions being the three plays of companies unknown) 
were excluded from the first folio as existing already 
in quarto, and that, of the fifteen, eight were omitted 
from the first folio for the same reason. It is evident, 
then, that for the whole of the twenty-five plays with 
lists playhouse copies were used, and that in the other 
cases the quartos (not one of which had an actors’ list 
attached) were employed. That accounts for forty-two 


130 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


out of the fifty-two plays—one of these fifty-two (The 
Coronation), let it be noted, having no right to be in-- 
cluded in the collection. Seven of the remaining ten (the 
exceptions being the three plays of unknown company) 
were in the repertory of the King’s men, and all of them 
appeared for the first time in the folio of 1679. They 
were almost certainly printed from playhouse copies; 
why then have they no lists of players attached? The 
most reasonable assumption is that, though they were 
in the possession of the King’s company, they were not 
originally written for it. There is nothing extravagant 
in supposing this, for it is known that several plays origi- 
nally written for other companies subsequently found 
their way into the hands of the King’s men. As this was 
the case with The Woman-hater, The Scornful Lady, 
The Faithful Shepherdess, The Honest Man’s For- 
tune, and The Coxcomb, why should it not also have 
been the case with Beggars’ Bush, The Woman’s Prize, 
Love’s Cure, Love’s Pilgrimage, The Chances, The No- 
ble Gentleman, and The Fair Maid of the Inn? As every 
play definitely known to have been first performed by 
King’s and not published in quarto prior to 1647 had a 
list of actors attached in the second folio, one is justified 
in assuming that, if these seven plays, previously unpub- 
lished, had also been originally King’s plays, they too 
would have had lists attached. This question of the 
presence or absence of actor’s lists is, like that of pres- 
ence in or absence from Herbert’s Office-book, of the 
greatest importance in the dating of many of the plays. 

With the track cleared, it is now possible to proceed 
to an examination of the individual plays, beginning 
with those which I attribute to Fletcher alone. 


Plays by Fletcher Alone be | 


Plays by Fletcher Alone. 


IKE the majority of investigators, I take these to 
number sixteen. 


1. Bonduca. 


In “E. S.” I assumed that this play, first published in 
the folio of 1647, was in its first form of very early 
date, though all the critics dated it 1616; and, as one 
of the actors taking part in a production which may or 
may not have been the original one was found out sub- 
sequently to have died in 1614, it became evident that, 
whether my dating was right or wrong, theirs could not 
possibly be correct. The actors were Burbage, Condell, 
Egglestone, Tooley, Ostler, Lowin, Underwood, and 
Robinson. It was therefore a King’s men’s play. It is 
possible to date it with a fair amount of certainty. Hem- 
ings did not drop out of the King’s men’s casts till 1611, 
therefore this play is not to be dated earlier. Eggle- 
stone, who had played with Hemings in Cazéline in that 
year, was by the twenty-ninth of August a member of 
the Lady Elizabeth’s company; therefore the play was 
certainly not later than that date, though Lawrence 
places it early in 1614. Chambers, when dealing with 
the play, says it must date either 1609 to 1611 or 1613 
to 1614, because then alone were Ostler and Egglestone 
together with the King’s; but, when dealing with Eggle- 
stone, he dates it definitely 1613-1614, without giving 
any reason. His assumption that Egglestone rejoined 
King’s in 1613 is entirely gratuitous. There is no record 
of his being with them again till 1616. 

I formerly regarded Bonduca as an alteration by 


132 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fletcher of an old drama by Beaumont, who, according 
to Moseley, dealt with British history in another play, 
Madoc, now lost. Two scenes (II. 1 and IV. 4) in which 
the verse is crude and there is much rhyme I held to 
contain about twenty speeches due to Beaumont, whose 
“Drusius” Fletcher had changed into “Drusus.” So much 
for my earlier view: now for my later one. 

This play raises a very interesting question. The bulk 
of it is unquestionable Fletcher, and Fletcher in his 
maturity;* but there is also a fair sprinkling of rhyme, 
which cannot well belong to any but Fletcher’s very 
earliest period, and there are one or two passages the 
authorship of which may be described as doubtful. One 
is the sixth speech after Curius’ entry in II. 1; the other 
is Bonduca’s twelve-line speech after Decius’ first exit 
in IV. 4. These may be variously regarded as the work 
of Fletcher while he was but a youth, the work of 
Beaumont, or remnants of an old play on which this 
was founded. The second bears no resemblance to 
Fletcher, but neither is it markedly early in style, nor 
yet is it definitely Beaumontesque. It contains much 
rhyme; but so does the remainder of the scene, and it 

1 There is some very heavy alliteration in V. 2. Even Fletcher does 
not usually indulge in it to quite this extent: 

“O, penny pipers, and most painful penners 
Of bountiful new ballads, what a subject, 


What a sweet subject for your silver sounds 
Is crept upon ye!” 

“And seen him kiss his sword since, court his scabbard, 
Call dying dainty dear, her brave mind mistress.” 


“More than they make themselves: they lie, 
Just like a brace of bear-whelps, close and crafty, 
Sucking their fingers for their food.” 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 123 


is immediately preceded by a couple of lines that are 
Fletcher’s, which are in turn preceded by a couplet pre- 
sumably his. The other passage is distinctly in an old 
style that had been abandoned before Fletcher began 
writing. It talks of 


“A troop of bloody vultures hovering 
About a few corrupted carcasses” 


and of 


“The silly Roman host 
Girded with millions of fierce Britain swains,” 


lines which would be perfectly in place in a play of the 
eighties or early nineties of the sixteenth century. It 
has much rhyme; but let it be noted that Penius’ fol- 
lowing speech, which is characteristically Fletcher’s, ends 
with a rhyme; and, though the two couplets which fol- 
low are somewhat early in style, they are not necessarily 
of early date. The scene ends with a brace of couplets, 
of which the first seems to be Fletcherian; so the other 
also may be credited to him, as there is nothing in the 
manner of it to render the attribution unlikely. It is also 
apparently Fletcher who ends III. 2 with a rhyme, and 
in III. 3 he uses a double-ending rhyme, while in IV. 3 
there is a similar rhyme, though the two lines are sepa- 
rated. On the whole, I am inclined to think that Fletcher, 
about 1611, worked over an old play of his own; and 
the only question remaining is, Was any one else con- 
cerned in it? It is possible that he may, while quite 
young, have patched a play by one of the older genera- 
tion of dramatists, but I regard it as more likely that 
when he commenced author it was under the influence of 
the old slaughter-house drama. There is in Bonduca 


134 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


nothing particularly characteristic of Beaumont, and so 
I drop my idea of that dramatist’s codperation. If my 
present view be correct, the play is of the greatest in- 
terest as showing traces of Fletcher in his very earliest 
manner, before he had adopted any of his marked char- 
acteristics. The childishness of the management of the 
story points in the same direction, though we are faced 
with the extraordinary fact that Fletcher should have 
left it in its present form when he rewrote it. The fact 
that Macer, though frequently introduced, is generally 
mute may indicate that a much more important part was 
played by that character in the first version of the 
tragedy. 

There need be no doubt about the approximate date 
of the King’s men’s production of this play, especially 
as the evidence of the actors’ list is fortified by resem- 
blances between it and other plays of from 1609 to 1614, 
nor can there be any question of Fletcher’s responsibility 
for almost the entire play, though whether the original 
work on which I assume this to have been founded was 
Fletcher’s own or an older writer’s is a point on which 
a difference of views is comprehensible. What is diffi- 
cult to understand is how any one can suppose the whole 
of the drama to be of the one period, or, if of the one 
period, by the one man. 

Two old catalogues—that of Rogers and Ley and 
that of Archer—credit it to Fletcher; and scholars gen- 
erally are agreed in regarding it as by Fletcher alone, 
the exceptions being Fleay, who votes for Fletcher and 
Field; Macaulay, who, after declaring for Fletcher’s 
authorship, later attributed the play to “Fletcher and 
perhaps Field (e.g., II.1, IV. 4)”; and, doubtfully, 


Plays by Fletcher A lone 135 


Sykes, who considers the rhymed couplets in these two 
scenes “suggestive of another than Fletcher,” but, “apart 
from these, sees no reason to suspect” Field. Had Field 
been concerned, he would almost certainly have acted in 
the play, as he did in others; and, besides, the earliest 
possible date for his connection with the King’s is 1616. 
If my assumption of there having been an earlier version 
of the play be correct, it may have been produced by an- 
other company than King’s, though, when I come to deal 
with Women Pleased, 1 shall show that there is reason 
to think Fletcher may have written for his Majesty’s 
men at an early date. I therefore accept it as entirely a 


King’s play. 


2. The Chances. 


This play was first printed in the 1647 folio, with a 
prologue declaring it to be Fletcher’s, and speaking of 
the author as dead. Fleay thought this the prologue at 
the original production;* but the play was not new then, 
or it would have been entered in Herbert’s Office-book; 
nor was it acted originally by the King’s men, for it has 
no list of actors attached in the second folio. It is, how- 
ever, in the King’s company’s list of 1641. Macaulay 
argued that the original production was posthumous; 
but Chambers rightly refrained from endorsing that 
view. All Macaulay had to base his opinion on was an 
apparent reference to occurrences in 1627, two years 
after Fletcher’s death; but such a reference, even if 
undoubted, does not imply any more than insertion by 
some later writer. The scene that contains the allusion 


1 He subsequently changed his view, dating the play about 1615. The 
epilogue, like the prologue, was written for a late revival. 


136 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


in question is, however, so very much in Fletcher’s 
style that I think it must have been effected by the 
alteration of only a word or two. I prefer to regard 
the play as entirely Fletcher’s, since the reference to 
the baiting of the Pope’s bulls may well have been 
penned in 1625, and the mention of the Duke of Lor- 
raine may be nothing more than coincidence. 

“Ta Sefiora Cornelia” (one of Cervantes’ “Novelas 
Exemplares”) on which the play was based, was pub- 
lished in 1613, and a French translation was issued in 
1615. The play therefore cannot possibly date from be- 
fore 1613, and is unlikely to date before 1615. The lat- 
ter is a date that would suit well for part of it (e.g., 
V. 1 and V. 3); but I regard it as having been revised 
by Fletcher just before his death, the bulk of it being 
in his later manner. It was probably handed over to him 
for rewriting when it came into the King’s men’s hands, 
which would account for its not being licensed by Her- 
bert, since it was always open to a dramatist to revise 
any of his plays without an extra fee being paid. 

There are no obvious signs of revision. Gillian is 
known only as “Landlady,” and is not named till the 
final scene. In III. 2 Rowland is named, but mute; in 
IV. 2 he is unnamed. The ending is very abrupt, and 
has probably been curtailed. Attention may be directed to 
the number of very short speeches in V. 3 (three or four 
to the line in places). This is characteristic of Fletcher; 
but otherwise the scene is not like him. The song of John 
Dory, sung in III. 2, is mentioned in The Knight of the 
Burning Pestle, and is of earlier date than 1602. It is 
to be found in “Deuteromelia” (1609). 

All the critics give the play wholly to Fletcher, with 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 137 


the exception of Macaulay, who thinks that the hand of 
another, a reviser, is to be seen here and there, e.g., in 
I. 1, 1.9, and II. 4. Wells believed that Ford shortened 
the play and wrote the prologue; but his latest view is 
that it is wholly Fletcher’s. 

Archer, in his catalogue, gave the play, absurdly 
enough, to Shakespeare. Rogers and Ley awarded it to 
Beaumont. 


3. The Faithful Shepherdess. 


Fletcher’s famous pastoral was attributed to him in 
the first quarto (n.d.) and carried an epistle to the reader 
signed by him, and three dedicatory verses all signed. 
Later editions appeared in 1629, 1633, 1656, and 1665. 
As one of the dedicatees, Sir William Skipwith, died in 
May, 1610, we have a good line even as to the date of 
the undated quarto, especially as the partnership of the 
publishers, Bonian and Walley, can be traced only from 
December, 1608, to January, 1609-10. Its date of 
production must have been about 1609, though Law- 
rence gives it to 1610. Jonson told Drummond of Haw- 
thornden in 1618-9 that it had been written ten years 
earlier, and it appears in Harrington’s catalogue of 
plays produced in 1609 or 1610. It was in the pos- 
session of the King’s men before 1634; but they were 
certainly not the original producers. As Chambers says, 
“The presence of Field, Chapman, and Jonson amongst 
the verse-writers [that is to say, the writers of com- 
mendatory verses on the occasion of the issue of the 
first quarto] and the mentions in Beaumont’s verses of 
‘the waxlights’ and of a boy dancing between the acts 
point to the Queen’s Revels as the producers.” D’avenant 


138 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


wrote a prologue for a production at Court in 1633-4. 

The authorship of this fine, though often greatly 
overrated, work has been questioned by no one but Wells 
(in his “Authorship of Julius Czsar”). He argues the 
presence of Beaumont as well as Fletcher.’ I have studied 
the play carefully in the light of his contribution to 
the subject, but cannot agree with him; nor do I con- 
sider the external evidence for Fletcher’s sole author- 
ship so doubtful as he does. Jonson’s statement to Drum- 
mond, some ten years later, that the play was by 
“Flesher” and Beaumont can hardly stand against the 
earlier testimony of himself, and of Beaumont, Chap- 
man, and Field. Beaumont may have had the retiring 
spirit of the true amateur, but I greatly doubt if it 
would go so far as to cause him to write verses crediting 
his friend with the entire composition of a work which 
was partly his own, nor do I imagine that he would 
speak of it quite in the terms he employs were he him- 
self partly responsible for it. Fleay at first thought he 
could see the hand of Beaumont as well as that of 
Fletcher, but afterwards recanted. There are, indeed, 
passages recalling Beaumont, but nothing that Fletcher 
may not have written; and I see no reason to drag the 
former in.” At the same time, it has to be admitted that, 
if the authorship of the play were unknown, Fletcher’s 
presence would never be suspected. There can be no 
doubt that the difference between the style of this play 
and that displayed in his other dramas is deliberate; it 

*He awards the first two acts mainly, and the third wholly, to 
Beaumont, and the remaining two mainly to Fletcher. 

* It may be noted, by the way, that Archer’s catalogue amusingly 


credits the play to John Dymocke, by confusion, no doubt, with that 
writer’s “Faithful Shepherd.” 


Plays by Fletcher eAlone 139 


extends not merely to the rhymed lines in short meters, 
but also to the unrhyming pentameters. Knowing the 
play to be Fletcher’s, one may certainly see him in the 
beginning of the opening speech, and may also perceive 
some of his characteristics in the last speech of the same 
scene, and in II. 4, IV: 3, and IV. 4. Elsewhere his touch 
is not perceptible; but there is no reason to consider that 
there is more than a single hand present. 


4. The Humorous Lieutenant. 


This play, one of Fletcher’s two comic masterpieces 
(the other being Rule a Wife), was entered in the 
Stationers’ Register, September 4, 1646, as “The Noble 
Enemies, or the Humorous Lieutenant.” It was acted 
by Condell, Lowin, Sharpe, Benfield, Taylor, Eggle- 
stone, Underwood, and Pollard. It was, therefore, a 
King’s men’s play. The presence of Taylor, Benfield, 
and Condell together fixes the date at 1619, though 
Lawrence marks it as belonging to 1621. It was first 
printed in the first folio, but also exists in MS. (made 
by Ralph Crane for Sir Kenelm Digby) dated 1625, 
under the title of “Demetrius and Enanthe.” This MS., 
which supplies a much fuller text (all of it manifestly 
Fletcher’s, the folio version being obviously abridged 
for acting), attributes the play to Fletcher, an attribu- 
tion which is universally accepted. 


5. The Island Princess. 


The merits of this notable play have been surpris- 
ingly little recognized. First printed in the 1647 folio, 
it was clearly a King’s play, since it was acted by Lowin, 


140 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Underwood, Egglestone, Sharpe, Taylor, Benfield, 
Birch, and Pollard. Based on a Spanish work printed in 
1609, its date may be set down at 1621, in which year 
it was acted at Court. The absence of Condell’s name 
as an actor dates it later than 1619. Lawrence allots it 
to 1620. The only critics who vary from the general 
attribution to Fletcher alone are Dr. A. S. W. Rosen- 
bach, who gives it partly to Massinger, on the ground 
that Massinger was certainly acquainted with Spanish, 
and that there is not known to have been any transla- 
tion of the work, “Conquista de las Islas Malucas,” 
which was its source; and Dr. Cruickshank, who com- 
mits himself to the remarkable opinion that “perhaps 
Fletcher was helped by some young man, such as Brome, 
who was acquainted with Massinger’s style”! One would 
have supposed that the day for such unhelpful sugges- 
tions of deliberate imitation had passed. In any case, 
why Brome should have been suggested as this hypo- 
thetical imitator of a man whose work is quite unlike 
his own is hard to comprehend. In point of fact, there 
is not a trace of the style of Massinger, and it is per- 
haps not possible to find a play that is more character- 
istically Fletcher’s from start to finish. Chambers points 
out that Fletcher deviates from his source in the fourth 
and fifth acts. The play was in the King’s men’s reper- 
tory in 1641. Rogers and Ley’s catalogue credits it to 
Beaumont and Fletcher. 

Though the play is above the average length, there 
are some signs of abbreviation. Panura is mute in four 
scenes, and Quisana, Emanuel, and Pedro in one each. 
It may be noted too that there are two chorus speeches 
(credited to “Omnes”) in I. 3, and one in V. 1, besides 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 141 


a speech in II. 2 so credited that should be allotted to 
“Ambo.” 


6. The Loyal Subject. 


This play was beyond all question a King’s men’s 
production, as is shown not only by the list of actors 
(Burbage, Condell, Lowin, Sharpe, Field, Underwood, 
Tooley, and Egglestone), but also by the entry in Her- 
bert’s Office-book under date November 23, 1633: “The 
Kings players sent me an old booke of Fletchers called 
The Loyal Subject, formerly allowed by Sir George 
Bucke, 16 Nov. 1618, which according to their desire 
and agreement I did peruse and with some reformations 
allowed of.” This settles the question of the date of the 
original production, which is, in any case, sufficiently 
closely indicated by the names in the list of performers. 
That the play is entirely Fletcher’s is to be seen not 
only from the internal evidence, but also from Herbert’s 
entry, its ascription to Fletcher in a Stationers’ Register 
entry of 1632-3 (it did not, however, find its way 
into print till the issue of the first folio), and its attribu- 
tion to the same poet in a prologue written for a re- 
vival, probably on the occasion of its production in 1633. 
This prologue was, to judge by the internal evidence, 
written by Massinger, who probably wrote the epilogue 
also. Despite Herbert’s reference to “reformations” and 
Archer’s attribution to Beaumont and Fletcher, no 
scholar has doubted Fletcher’s sole authorship, save 
that Mr. William Wells has gone so far as to say that 
Massinger has “possibly” revised the play. His present 
view is, however, in accordance with that of other 
scholars. 


142 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


7. The Mad Lover. 


As it is in the King’s list of 1641, and was acted by 
Burbage, Benfield, Field, Condell, Lowin, Eggle- 
stone, and Sharpe, there can be no doubt of the company 
that performed this play. The date is certainly prior to 
March, 1618-9, when Burbage died; while the pres- 
ence of Field gives a date subsequent to 1615-6. I 
could have got no nearer than that had not Mr. W. J. 
Lawrence kindly informed me of some new evidence that 
has been discovered of the play’s performance at Court 
on January 5, 1616-7, showing that it must have 
been acted publicly for the first time not later than 
1616. I know nothing of the nature of the evidence, 
and have to accept the date on the authority of Mr. 
Lawrence, who was unfortunately not in a position at 
the time to give me any details. The Mad Lover was 
first published in the folio of 1647, and no one ques- 
tions Fletcher’s sole responsibility for it. The prologue 
declares it to be the work of a single author, and Sir As- 
ton Cokaine credits it to Fletcher. 


8. Monsieur Thomas. 


This sparkling, bustling comedy was printed in 1639 
by Waterson, with an ascription to Fletcher with which 
all the critics agree, and with verses in praise of the 
author and his work by Richard Brome, who also signed 
the epistle to Charles Cotton. It is described on the title- 
page as “acted in the private house in Blackfriars.” A 
second quarto was issued about 1661 (it has no date), 
under the title of “Father’s own Son,” which, as Cham- 
bers says, “enables us to identify Monsieur Thomas with 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 143 


the Father's own Son of the Cockpit repertory in 1639”; 
but he might have added that the droll in Kirkman’s 
“Wits” affords confirmation much more indubitable. 
As it was a Cockpit play in 1639, it must have been pro- 
duced originally by some other company than King’s; 
but the regular Blackfriars theater had passed to the 
King’s men by 1610, and the play cannot easily be dated 
earlier than that, since its source (Part II of D’Urfé’s 
“Astrée”) appeared only in February of that year. 
Chambers suggests that there may have been some mis- 
understanding between the King’s and the Cockpit com- 
panies regarding the distribution of the Lady Eliza- 
beth’s men’s plays, and that it was a revival of this play 
in 1639 that led the Cockpit managers to get the Lord 
Chamberlain’s order of August 10, 1639, appropriating 
their repertory to them; but this is mere guesswork. 
One does not expect baseless conjectures from so serious 
an historian as Sir Edmund Chambers. He is on a 
sounder footing when he suggests that the theater may 
have been Porter’s Hall in the Blackfriars, where the 
Queen’s Revels Children played in 1615-6, and where 
they seem to have produced The Scornful Lady. This 
raises the question of the date of the play. 

Gayley, who believes in an early date for it, points 
out that in February, 1607, Part I of the “Astrée” 
was read in MS. by Drummond, and that it is possible 
that the second part may also have circulated in MS. 
prior to publication and been seen by Fletcher, and 
adds, “The fact that he alters some of the names, fol- 
lows the plot but loosely, characterizes the persons not 
at all as if he had the original before him, and uses none 
of their diction, would favor the supposition that he is 


144. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


writing from hearsay or from some second-hand or 
condensed version of the story.” There is something to 
be said for that view, though it has to be borne in mind 
that Fletcher is always ready to take liberties with his 
sources. It is a view that would solve the difficulty as 
to the theater by supposing that the Queen’s Revels 
Children acted it at the Blackfriars in 1609, and it 
would help to account for the fact that it contains many 
points of contact with The Knight of the Burning Pes- 
tle, and also for the occurrence in IV. 2 of the expres- 
sion “come from Tripoli,” which is found again in Jon- 
son’s Silent Woman, acted 1609. This evidently refers 
to some one notorious at the time, and may serve to fix 
the date. This play may, in fact, be one of those early 
failures to which Dryden refers. 

Assuming that it was first acted by the Queen’s Revels 
Children at Blackfriars in 1609 or at Whitefriars in 
1610 (and the facts mentioned suit the two dates 
equally well), there has almost certainly been revision, 
and, if we take the later of these two dates, we must 
then assume a Porter’s Hall performance in or about 
1616, to account for the “Blackfriars” of the title-page 
of the quarto. (Lawrence favors such a production and 
a date of 1615.) There are several indications of al- 
teration. The name or nickname of Wild-oats is be- 
stowed on two different characters (I. 1, II. 3). In the 
original version Francisco was apparently called Calli- 
don, as in “Astrée,” until he was revealed in the final 
scene to be Francisco (“Take her, Francisco, now no 
more young Callidon”), a line which without knowledge 
of the source would be inexplicable. As the play stands, 
he is called Frank throughout. The Dorothea of the 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 145 


stage directions of the first three acts becomes Dorothy 
in those of the last two. The pretended saintliness of 
Thomas in II. 3 and IV. 2 in face of his sister’s warn- 
ings in two preceding scenes may point in the same di- 
rection, especially as in II. 2 Thomas has expressed his 
intention of pleasing his father by being “stark mad.” 
The verse also seems to me obviously of two periods. 
Much of the play affords a good example of Fletcher’s 
early style; much of it is quite late. The early scenes 
show his mannerisms very mildly; while II. 2 and III. 2 
illustrate the manner of the more mature Fletcher. The 
Fletcher of II. 5 cannot be very far in time from the 
Fletcher of Henry VIII (1613). Valentinian, probably 
of 1612, is taken from the same source, and Wit without 
Money, probably of 1614-5, has a plot greatly re- 
sembling this, and some of the same character-names 
(Valentine, Francisco, and Lance), including one not 
English, though the scene of the story of each is appar- 
ently England. Other characters in Monsieur Thomas 
have foreign names, and those of Cellide and Hylas 
come from the source. On the whole, I favor a date of 
1609, with revision in 1615, since I believe that by 1616 
Fletcher was back with King’s. 


9. The Pilgrim. 


The Pilgrim was a King’s play, acted at Court in 
1621. As it was based on Lope de Vega’s “El Pere- 
grino,” translated from the French version into English 
in that year, there cannot be much doubt about its date; 
and the list of actors’? names—Taylor, Tooley, Benfield, 
Thomson, Lowin, Underwood, Birch, and Horn—fits it. 


146 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


No one has questioned Fletcher’s sole authorship,’ 
but the play has evidently undergone alteration or 
abridgment. In IV.3 there is apparently something 
omitted between “Welsh. Whaw, Master Keeper,” 
and “Alph. Pox o’ thy whaws, and thy whims! Pox o’ 
thy ’urship!” The Welshman had presumably addressed 
him as “’Urship.” This “Welsh Madman” is not named 
in the stage directions, but is styled Jenkin in the list of 
dramatis persone. In the text, however, he names him- 
self Owen. Again, we have the third Gentleman enter 
(in III. 7) before the first and second have put in an 
appearance. It is not uncommon in Elizabethan dramas 
to have a character labeled “second” speaking before one 
labeled “first?—the outcome usually of curtailment; but 
I cannot recall any other instance of the first not at least 
appearing as soon as any. Perhaps a scene has dropped out 
in which the first and second Gentlemen referred to the 
detention in the madhouse of a sane man in the person of 
Stephano, the scholar. 


1 Though Rogers and Ley’s catalogue gives both it and Monsieur 
Thomas to Beaumont and Fletcher jointly. 


10. Rule a Wife. 


This excellent comedy was licensed (as by Fletcher) 
October 19, 1624, acted at Court twice the same year 
by the King’s men, and published by Lichfield, at Ox- 
ford, in 1640, as Fletcher’s, with a prologue declaring 
it to be the work of a single author. Fletcher’s sole 
responsibility for it has never been questioned. 


11. Valentinian. 


Valentinian may fall far behind the great tragedies 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 147 


of Shakespeare and Webster and Middleton; but it is 
a noteworthy thing for all that. That it was a King’s 
play is shown not only by its presence in the company’s 
repertory in 1641 (there is probably no significance in 
the fact that it stands by itself in that list), but also by 
the names of the actors—Burbage, Condell, Lowin, Ost- 
ler, and Underwood. As Ostler died in December, 1614, 
and one of the sources of the play, D’Urfé’s “Astrée,” 
Part II, was published in 1610, the limits of date would 
seem to be fairly narrow, though there is a possibility, 
as in the case of Monsieur Thomas, that the “Astrée” 
may have been seen by the author in MS. We can, how- 
ever, make the limits of date still narrower, the ab- 
sence of the names of Hemings and Cooke from the list 
of actors indicating that the play was not produced before 
1611. The absence of Egglestone’s name may, in con- 
trast to the case of Bonduca, be held to give a date sub- 
sequent to August 29 of that year; but we cannot be 
sure that, had the usual number of actors been men- 
tioned, his name would not have been amongst them 
(an argument which does not apply in the case of Cooke 
and Hemings). Similarly we must not regard as signifi- 
cant the absence of Egglestone’s name from the actors’ 
list of The Captain. We have then to give the limits 
of Valentinian as 1611 and 1614. Lawrence favored 
the latter, but in a later note says his impression is that 
it was produced at the Blackfriars early in 1613. He 
thinks “it was probably the Cesar’s Tragedy given at 
Court by the King’s men some time between Sept. 29 
and May 1613.” The play was first printed in the folio 
of 1647. 

The only critic who has doubted Fletcher’s sole au- 


148 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


thorship is Gayley, who sees the hand of Massinger in 
it. Archer and Rogers and Ley both catalogue it as 
Fletcher’s. 


12. A Wife for a Month 


This very interesting play was licensed as by Fletcher 
on May 27, 1624, and was first printed in the folio of 
1647. It was produced by the King’s men, the actors, 
according to the second folio, being Taylor, Robinson, 
Tooley, Benfield, Underwood, and Birch. There is a 
difficulty here, inasmuch as Tooley died in June, 1623. 
Fleay at first thought the presence of the actor’s name in 
the list was proof of an earlier date for the first produc- 
tion of the play; but, when I put forward the idea that 
the name was a misreading of the name of Lowin, in- 
stancing the way Lowin’s name was written in the MS. 
of Barnavelt, he informed me that he agreed with me. 
Later, however, he expressed the opinion that the in- 
clusion of Tooley’s name showed that the lists of actors 
were drawn up by Fletcher when working, and not, as 
in the case of Jonson’s plays, after production. But for 
the fact that two earlier plays (The Maid in the Mill and 
The Lover’s Progress) make no such provision for Too- 
ley, I should incline to think that view sound, since it is 
quite likely that Fletcher fitted his parts to the actors 
of the company. The play was acted at Court in Feb- 
ruary, 1636-7 by the King’s men. The prologue as- 
cribes it to a single author, and no one has doubted that 
that one is Fletcher. There is, however, a sign of abridg- 
ment in II. 4, where the First Citizen does not speak, 
though both the Second and Third do. Archer’s cata- 
logue brackets Beaumont’s name with Fletcher’s. 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 149 
13. The Wild-goose Chase. 


No one has ever questioned Fletcher’s sole author- 
ship of this play, though it contains positive signs of 
alteration. One of the characters is “Lugier, alias Laver- 
dure”; but in V. 2 another individual, who does not ap- 
pear, is called by the latter name. In the 1652 quarto 
the stage direction of III. 1 has “Enter Laverduce, 
Lugier.” This looks as if the play had been altered for 
its revival in 1631; but there is no sign of any one but 
Fletcher, and the alteration was not necessarily done 
then. 

The Wild-goose Chase did not appear in the folio of 
1647, the MS. having been lost; but in 1652 it was 
published by Moseley, the publisher of the folio, as 
“the noble, last, and onely remains of those incompar- 
able dramatists,” Beaumont and Fletcher (an ascription 
followed by the cataloguer, Archer); but Lowin and 
Taylor’s dedication and all the accompanying verses 
ascribe it to Fletcher alone. It was a King’s play, acted 
at Court in 1621, and perhaps first produced that year; 
but the list of actors given in the second folio—Ben- 
field, Robinson, Taylor, Pollard, Lowin, Penn, Swans- 
ton, Hammerton, Trigg, “Sander” Gough, Shanck, and 
Honyman—is that of the revival in 1631, as is shown by 
the inclusion of the names of Swanston (who joined 
the King’s company in 1624), Gough, Honyman, Trigg, 
and Penn, the names of none of whom appear in any 
list of the King’s men before 1626. It is difficult to say 
when the work was revised. If the original production 
was in 1621, the revision must be attributed to the close 
of Fletcher’s career; but it is quite likely to have been 


150 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


effected in 1621, the first production dating back to very 
much earlier, probably prior to 1613. On the whole, I 
incline to the latter view. 


14. Wit without Money. 


First published by Crooke and Cooke in 1639 as pre- 
sented “at the private house in Drurie Lane by her 
‘Majesties Servants,” and by Crooke in 1661, as “cor- 
rected,” this lively comedy is in the Cockpit list of 
1639, and was acted at Court by Beeston’s boys in 
1636-7. Fleay’s date of 1614 for its first production, be- 
cause of its allusion to a serpent in Sussex (August, 
1614), has been generally accepted. Dr. M’Kerrow has 
further pointed out that it cannot be very much later, 
by reason of the allusion to the New River, which was 
opened in 1613. It may, however, be urged that “Ru- 
mours of new rivers” may imply a date either before 
1613 or some considerable time later. There is a line re- 
calling Monsieur Thomas, 


Ladies’ honours 
Were ever in my thoughts unspotted ermines” 


(Theobald’s emendation)—which may suggest prox- 
imity in date to that play, the line in Monsieur Thomas 
being 


“That ermine honesty unspotted ever.” 


I think we shall not be far wrong if we ascribe it to the 
end of 1614 (Lawrence says 1615), and consider the 
Lady Elizabeth’s players the first performers. 

All investigators are agreed in giving the play to 
Fletcher, despite the first quarto’s attribution to Beau- 
mont as well, and despite its inclusion in a list at the 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 151 


end of the quarto of 1661 of “plays written by Beaumont 
and Fletcher, printed in quarto”—a list which includes 
The Opportunity and The Coronation and does not in- 
clude The Faithful Shepherdess and Beggars? Bush. 
None of these facts is of much significance; nor is the 
ascription of it to both writers in the catalogues of 
Archer and Rogers and Ley. More importance may be 
attached to the Stationers’ Register entry of the play in 
March, 1636-7 as Fletcher’s. 


15. The Woman’s Prize. 


This very entertaining sequel to Shakespeare’s Tam- 
img of the Shrew has the sub-title “The Tamer Tamed.” 
It was first published in the folio of 1647. It belonged 
to the King’s men in 1633, when it was revived by them, 
and it is in their list of 1641, where it stands apart from 
any other Fletcher play. Chambers suggests that it may 
be identical with The Woman is too Hard for Him, 
presented at Court by the King’s men in November, 
1621—a suggestion for which there does not seem a 
shadow of reason. He does, however, so far depart from 
his usual attitude as to admit that the original writing 
was “not necessarily for” the King’s company. He re- 
marks that “Fleay, Oliphant, and Thorndike accumu- 
late inconclusive evidence bearing on the date,” and 
then is forced to admit that an answer to The Taming 
of the Shrew “would have more point the nearer it 
came to the date of the original,” and that references to 
Ostend would be topical during or not long after the 
siege, which ended on the eighth of September, 1604. 
By these admissions he cuts the ground from under 
his own feet, and confesses the reasonableness of the 


152 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


arguments advanced in favor of an early date, for there 
are few things more certain in relation to Elizabethan 
drama than the determination to make allusions topical. 
We need have no hesitation in assuming that allusions 
to another play are made only while that play is a living 
thing and warm in the recollections of the public, and 
that events referred to are in nine cases out of ten those 
of the past few months. To Chambers’ extraordinary 
objection to Gayley’s view that the play was written in 
1604 and revised in either 1610 or 1614 I have referred 
elsewhere in this work. It is one of the most remarkable 
ever put forward by any one with such a mastery of 
the minutie of the Elizabethan drama as Sir Edmund 
Chambers possesses. It may be mentioned here that 
Gayley’s latest view (as expressed in volume 3 of his 
“English Representative Comedies,” the introductions 
to which are amongst the best things written on the 
subject of Elizabethan drama) is that, because of con- 
tacts with Jonson’s Alchemist and Silent Woman, the 
earliest date for the play is 1610, while the similarity 
of phrases to ones in Wit without Money and the ref- 
erence to craccus, a favorite brand of tobacco, mentioned 
also in Middleton and Rowley’s Fair Quarrel, give a 
lower limit of 1615; but presumably these limits have 
reference only to the version of the play which has come 
down to us, and do not cover the original. 

The arguments for an early date are very strong, 
though opinions may vary as to whether it is 1604 or 
1606-7 that is pointed to. (Lawrence ascribes the 
play to the year 1608.) The line in I. 3, “The cham- 
ber’s nothing but a mere Ostend,” gives evidence of a 
date not later than 1604, since it seems to imply that 


Plays by Fletcher -Alone ie 


the famous siege is still in progress. That is not really, 
as I have shown, too early a date for Fletcher, though 
those who are never ready to go past ascertained facts 
will so regard it. If I doubt the absolute contemporane- 
ousness of this allusion, it is because I find it hard to 
believe that Fletcher’s style matured so early, and that 
he had his wonderful gift of vituperation in full work- 
ing order at almost the commencement of his career. 
The likeliest explanation is, I think, that Fletcher al- 
most entirely rewrote the play some years later, but left 
in the reference to Ostend. In fact, there is some rea- 
son for preferring a date of 1603 to one of 1604, since 
it would apply equally well to the siege of Ostend, and 
would fit the play into a series of plays presented at 
different theaters on similar subjects, and apparently in 
rivalry of one another. Thus, in July, 1602, the Ad- 
miral’s men acted Dekker’s Medicine for a Curst* Wife, 
and, in 1602-3, Heywood’s Woman killed with Kind- 
ness (which, despite Thorndike’s opinion to the con- 
trary, is glanced at in this play, as well as alluded to 
in The Taming of the Shrew) ; and about the same time 
the King’s men seem to have acted (not for the first 
time) Shakespeare’s Taming of the Shrew, which may 
perhaps be alluded to in another Admiral’s play of the 
same family, Chettle, Dekker, and Haughton’s Patient 
Grissil, which was given to the press in 1603, doubtless 
to take advantage of the interest created by this rivalry, 
and was apparently revised either for the purpose or 
for an immediately preceding production. If Fletcher’s 
play belonged to this set in its first form, it was a reply 
to Shakespeare, and probably staged by Paul’s boys. 


1 “Curst,” it may be mentioned, has the meaning “shrewish.” 


154 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


But, save for the allusion to Ostend, an original date 
of 1607 would suit equally well. In that year both the 
old Taming of a Shrew and A Woman killed with Kind- 
mess appeared in print; and this may have been the 
occasion Fletcher seized for his continuation of Shake- 
speare’s play, unless, as may be, it was his drama, pro- 
duced in that case in 1606-7, that caused a demand 
for the older plays: indeed, it seems to me likelier that 
Fletcher’s play was the cause than that it was the effect. 
It favors a dating of 1606-7 or 1607 that in II. 5 
there is what may be a parody of Lear’s “I will do such 
things: what they are yet I know not,” and that there 
are a couple of very close comparisons with The W oman- 
hater (The Woman's Prize, II. 1, “My nose blown to 
my hand”; The Woman-hater, III. 1, “My nose blow’d 
to my hand”: The Woman’s Prize, 11. 2, “Put up your 
pipes”; The W oman-hater, 111. 1, “Put up thy pipes”). 

Whatever the original date, there was a later revi- 
sion to which belong the contacts with The Alchemist, 
The Fair Quarrel, Bonduca, Monsieur Thomas, Philas- 
ter, The Captain, The Coxcomb, Wit without Money, 
and perhaps The Knight of the Burning Pestle, and the 
allusion (if it be an allusion) to Jonson’s Silent Woman 
in I. 3—“I never will believe a silent woman.” I am 
inclined to regard the date of the revision as about 1610. 

There are many signs of abridgment or alteration. 
In I. 3, Petruchio’s “They are” is a quote of something 
that has not been said; and there is probably a passage 
missing in front of Sophocles’ “Thou, boy, thou.” In 
III. 2, “Upon that condition, I passed thee half my 
land” refers to an incident that was probably in the 
original version. In the same scene Petruchio says, “Very 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 155 


hard dealing, gentlemen,” when there is no one present. 
As Fletcher nowhere addresses the audience in the course 
of a play (save in Women Pleased, 1V. 1) we may as- 
sume that originally there were other characters on the 
stage at the time. In III. 4, Petruchio says he has heard 
Sophocles speak, when that worthy has said nothing. 
Had it been intended to make Petruchio make a blun- 
der, he would have named some one not present; so 
the only question is: Is “Pray, sir, pray” wrongly at- 
tributed to Petronius, or has a speech of Sophocles’ 
dropped out? The contrast between the filthy frankness 
of Livia in the first part of I. 2 and her propriety later 
in the same scene does not necessarily mean either re- 
vision or divided authorship. 

Save Chelli, who ascribes it to Beaumont and Fletcher, 
no one doubts Fletcher’s sole authorship of The 
Woman’s Prize. It was ascribed by both Herbert and a 
revival prologue to Fletcher; but, in Archer’s catalogue, 
to both Beaumont and Fletcher. The prologue and the 
epilogue were probably written for a revival of the 
play which took place at Blackfriars in October, 1633. 
That it did not belong originally to the King’s men is 
indicated by the absence of a list of actors in the second 
folio; nor is it likely that the parodies of Shakespeare 
which the play contains would have been penned for the 
company with which Shakespeare was concerned. The 
play’s alternative titles point to revision: it is a pretty 
sure sign of alteration on a large scale. Presumably the 
original name was “The Tamer Tamed,” glancing at 
the title of Shakespeare’s play. The scene is London, but 
the characters’ names are Italian. Probably on its first 
production the scene was laid in Italy, as it should have 


156 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


been. It may be noted that only one play written by 
Fletcher for King’s had its scene in modern England, 
and that one, The Devil of Dowgate, is lost. Monsieur 
Thomas, Wit at several Weapons, The Knight of the 
Burning Pestle, The Woman’s Prize, T he Night-walker, 
The Scornful Lady, and Wit without Money were all 
written for other companies. 


16. Women Pleased. 


This play was entered in the Stationers’ Register 
September 4, 1646, and first published in the folio of 
1647. The second folio gives the names of the actors as 
Taylor, Lowin, Underwood, Benfield, Tooley, Eggle- 
stone, Sharpe, and Holcombe, precisely the same lot as 
appeared in The Custom of the Country and The Little 
French Lawyer. It was therefore a King’s men’s play, 
although, strangely enough, it does not appear in the 
company’s repertory list of 1641. The presence of Tay- 
lor’s name and the absence of the names of Burbage and 
Condell combine to give a date of not earlier than 1619, 
and (as the play was not licensed by Herbert) prior 
to May, 1622. The year 1621 seems most probable 
(though Lawrence plumps for 1619); but that was not 
the original production. We know this from a passage 
in Scene 1 of the induction to Shakespeare’s Taming of 
the Shrew, in which the part of the chief player was 
taken by Sinklo. This passage runs: 


“Lord. Do you intend to stay with me to-night? 
A Player, So please your lordship to accept our duty. 
Lord. With all my heart. This fellow I remember, 
Since once he played a farmer’s eldest son.— 
”T was where you wooed the gentlewoman so well. 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 157 


I have forgot your name; but, sure, that part 
Was aptly fitted and naturally performed. 
Sinklo, I think ’twas Soto that your honor means. 
Lord, *Tis very true. Thou didst it excellent.— 
Well, you are come to me in happy time.” 


This passage shows that Sinklo took the part of Soto in 
the original production, and therefore that the list of 
actors given in the folio was that of the performers in 
a revival. The play has indeed clearly undergone revi- 
sion. In IV. 1 Soto speaks of himself as the eldest son 
of a farmer (precisely as he is described in Shakespeare’s 
play) ; but elsewhere the farmer says he has no other son. 
In the Shakespeare play, Soto is spoken of as having 
wooed a gentlewoman: in Women Pleased, as we have 
it, he does no courting. There had probably been a big 
slice of comic love-making which was omitted on revi- 
sion. Indeed, when the morris-dancers come in, in IV. 1, 
Soto begins a speech with “My own dear lady, have at 
thy honeycomb.” If it be objected that the country wench 
so addressed would scarcely be described as a “gentle- 
woman,” it may be urged that the principal female 
morris-dancer was probably the heroine in disguise, since 
she has previously been referred to by Soto as “the 
wench that twired and twinkled at” Silvio, “the wench 
that’s new come hither,” as is not shown in the play. 
Moreover, Belvedere herself, in the final scene, says, 
“T met you at the farmer’s first, a country wench”; so 
that there can be little doubt that the reference in The 
Taming of the Shrew is to this play,’ but to an incident 
which has not been retained in the extant version. 

1 The suggestion seriously made that Fletcher took the name from 


the passage in the Shakespeare play and fittingly applied it to another 
farmer’s son is grotesque. 


158 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


What then was the date of the original production? 
Sinklo was with the Lord Strange’s men in 1591-2, and 
was with them when they became the King’s servants in 
1603. He is not known to have acted with them after 
1604; in fact, in that year he drops out of theatrical 
history. There cannot be much doubt that Shakespeare’s 
play dates from the sixteenth century, but also that it 
had insertions made in it in 1603 and in or about 1607 
or perhaps later. I at first thought that this meant an 
exceedingly early date for Fletcher; but I was loth to 
take that view, and did my best to get away from it, 
considering it unlikely that Fletcher had written for 
King’s about 1603 or 1604. I recognized the possibility 
of the original version of the play not being his, but 
could see no sign of another writer. Then I noted that, 
of the ten lines quoted, seven might be omitted without 
the action of the play being in any way affected, the 
tenth running on direct from the second. That being so, 
it seemed not improbable that the seven lines might be 
an insertion, and that the reference was not to Sinklo, 
but to some later actor (perhaps Egglestone), who had 
taken his part in The Taming of the Shrew and had 
also won fame in the part of Soto in Women Pleased. 
(If so, it had to be borne in mind that Egglestone was 
with King’s in 1610 and 1611, but from 1611 to 1613 
was with the Lady Elizabeth’s.) I thought that, though 
it was natural to suppose that the play referred to in the 
“Soto” lines was a production of the King’s men, it was 
possible that it might, in point of fact, have been pro- 
duced by another company, and that the purpose of the 
introduction of the passage was to make known to the 
audience that his Majesty’s servants had secured an addi- 


Plays by Fletcher Alone 159 


tion to their ranks in the person of an actor who had 
achieved a marked success when belonging to a rival 
company. If so, the insertion might have been made in 
1607, and the version of Women Pleased referred to 
might have been produced perhaps a couple of years 
earlier, since the reference was not likely to have been 
made to a quite new play. But the whole of the fabric 
I was weaving fell before the consideration that, if the 
“Soto” lines had been an insertion for a later revival, the 
name of Sinklo would not have been left in the prompt 
copy to denote the actor. So I returned to my former 
view, that Women Pleased was in its first form one of 
the earliest of Fletcher’s plays and was written for the 
King’s men. Moreover, the technique is very imma- 
ture, asides being heard, and the audience being ad- 
dressed. Beaumont, too, addresses the audience in his 
early play The Woman-hater ; but both he and Fletcher 
quickly grew out of this bad habit. This then is a pretty 
sure sign of early work. The use of the phrase “a gentle- 
man 0’ th’ first house” (I. 3),” which occurs also in The 
Woman’s Prize (1V.1) may indicate identity of date 
as well as of authorship; and the use in II. 2 of the 
name Petruchio, as in The Taming of the Shrew, may 
point in the same direction. 

To conclude with a few odd remarks upon the play, 
which every one is agreed in crediting to Fletcher alone 
(though Archer, the old cataloguer, attributed it partly 
to Beaumont also), I may point out that in I.2 the 
Count is called “Earl”; that the treatment of Bartello 
in IV. 3 is reminiscent of The Merry Wives of Windsor; 
that Fletcher’s burlesque vein is to be seen in Soto’s first 


2A gentleman of the first head” occurs in Jonson’s New Inn, 


160 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


speech in V.1; that nothing can well be more false 
than the relations between Isabella and Claudio through- 
out; that the moral tone of the opening scene is sur- 
prising for Fletcher; and that the finish, in which the 
old Duchess gives herself to a disappointed royal suitor 
for the hand of the heroine, is paralleled in The Queen 
of Corinth. The story is taken from a Spanish romance 
of the sixteenth century, thrice Englished during the 
reign of Queen Elizabeth. 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher Alone. 


F the eight plays I put in this class, most critics 

would include six or seven, though some would 
place two of these in a separate class, as wholly Beau- 
mont’s. For The Noble Gentleman they would substi- 
tute Cupid’s Revenge. Some would include Four Plays 
in One; while others would exclude The Captain. 


17. The Captain. 


This unpleasant, but interesting, play was first pub- 
lished in the folio of 1647, and was acted by Bur- 
bage, Condell, Ostler, and Alexander Cooke. It was 
therefore a King’s men’s play, and, indeed, it was pre- 
sented at Court by the King’s company in 1612-3 
and in May, 1613. Its latest date of original produc- 
tion must accordingly be 1612-3; its earliest, 1608, 
up to which year Ostler, like his fellow Underwood, be- 
longed to the Queen’s Revels Children. Neither he nor 
Underwood was in the cast of Jonson’s Silent Woman 
(1609-10), so they must have joined the King’s as 
men actors in either 1608 or 1609. I favor the earlier 
year for the reason that Davies in his “Scourge of 


‘Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 161 


Folly,” entered for publication October 8, 1610, ad- 
dresses Ostler as “the Roscius of these times.” It is 
difficult to imagine his so styling any one who had not 
been acting men’s parts at least two years. 

That The Captain was acted in 1612 (as Lawrence 
affirms) may be taken for granted; but the presence of 
Cooke’s name in the actors’ list makes me doubtful if 
that was the year of original production. Cooke is avail- 
able till 1613-4, when he died; but the last cer- 
tainly dated play he appeared in was Catiline (1611). 
As he was not in the cast of Bonduca, I am inclined to 
think that play the later of the two. But The Captain 
also is not likely to date before 1611, or Hemings 
would have been in the cast. The play therefore may 
be set down as originally produced early in 1611. 

I am not aware that The Captain contains any lines 
to help in its dating, unless the fact that the song in 
II. 2 occurs also (minus the final stanza) in The Knight 
of the Burning Pestle be so considered. That the play 
has been altered seems pretty certain from the fact that, 
as Fleay pointed out, the second folio has “scene, Venice, 
Spain.” To brush this aside, as mere “confusion,” as 
Chambers does, is little justified. Dyce regarded the 
prologue as the original one, and the mention of 12d. as 
the price of admission as proof that it had been per- 
formed elsewhere before being performed at Court. 
Fleay, on the contrary, considered it showed both the 
prologue and the epilogue to have been written for a 
revival. “The author” mentioned in the prologue is, he 
says, “the remodeller of the play on that occasion. He 
complains that only a week was allowed for his work.” 
But would he not, in that case, have been called “poet” 


162 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


rather than “author”? That would have been more in 
accord with the usage of the day. On the other hand, the 
12d. charged for admission certainly seems to apply to a 
Blackfriars revival, the price there being higher than at 
the Globe. 

Of the old cataloguers, Archer gives the play to 
Fletcher; and Rogers and Ley to Beaumont. The only 
other external evidence of the authorship is G. Hills’ 
attribution of it to Fletcher alone. His evidence does not 
carry much weight; and, indeed, of the eight he defi- 
nitely ascribes to Fletcher alone (the other seven being 
The Wild-goose Chase, Beggars’ Bush, The Coxcomb, 
The Loyal Subject, The Spanish Curate, The Prophet- 
ess, and The Little French Lawyer), only two are shown 
by the internal evidence to be solely Fletcher’s. Yet 
Hills’ testimony is worth far more than that of most 
of the contributors of verse to the first folio, for it is 
to be noted that Fletcher took a leading part in every 
one of these plays, as well as in all the others with a 
share in which Hills credits him—The Bloody Brother, 
The Mad Lover, The Humorous Lieutenant, The 
Queen of Corinth, The Maid in the Mill, Women 
Pleased, Rule a Wife, and The Elder Brother. Six out 
of the sixteen are wholly Fletcher’s; and Hills specifi- 
cally awards him the credit for the cook in The Bloody 
Brother, a part which was indeed Fletcher’s invention. 
Hills shines when we contrast him with Waller (who 
speaks as if every play in the folio were entirely 
Fletcher’s); with Richard Lovelace (who not only 
awards him Valentinian, The Woman’s Prize, The 
Loyal Subject, The Mad Lover, and The Humorous 
Lieutenant, for which he was indeed wholly responsible, 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 163 


and The Custom of the Country, The Little French 
Lawyer, and The Spanish Curate, in each of which he 
had a main hand, but also Philaster, in which his part 
was but subordinate); or with Howard (who is appar- 
ently of the opinion that he was the sole author of A 
King and no King and The Maid’s Tragedy, as well 
as of The Faithful Shepherdess). Still this evidence 
amounts to very little; and we are driven back upon 
the internal to determine the authorship of the play. 
Fleay’s original view was that The Captain was 
wholly by Beaumont and Fletcher (about two-thirds 
Fletcher’s); later he thought it possible that Jonson 
worked on the first version with Fletcher, and that the 
play was subsequently revised; ultimately he expressed 
the opinion that the reviser was probably Barnes, who 
was responsible for the whole play after IV. 3. Macaulay 
at first declared for Fletcher and (?) Beaumont, and 
afterwards for Fletcher and (? ) Massinger. Boyle voted 
at first for Fletcher, Beaumont, and an unknown, but 
later regarded the play as by Fletcher (and perhaps 
Beaumont), finished by Massinger; but, when he came 
to divide it, he ignored Beaumont altogether. He de- 
clared it “difficult to find decisive proofs” of Beau- 
mont’s presence, and yet in the same article pronounced 
his hand clearly traceable. Bullen’s view was thus ex- 
pressed: “No portion can be definitely assigned to Beau- 
mont; but Fletcher certainly had assistance from some 
quarter. . . . There are occasional traces of Middle- 
ton’s hand.” He added that IV. 5 could not be as- 
scribed to Fletcher, “though he probably supplied the 
song ‘Come hither, you that love.’” My own view was 
that the play was Beaumont and Fletcher’s, altered by 


164. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Massinger and Rowley. Ward regarded it as mainly 
Fletcher’s. Alden was indefinite, but apparently doubted 
Beaumont’s participation. Gayley’s attitude was similar; 
but in his “Representative English Comedies” he de- 
clares somewhat more positively against Beaumont. 
Cruickshank denies Massinger’s presence; and so does 
Chelli. Sykes informs me that he agrees with me as to 
Beaumont’s participation. Wells sees Beaumont and 
Fletcher and no others. Farnham, working on the use 
of colloquial contractions, considers that the final scene 
is not by either Beaumont or Fletcher, and shows the 
characteristics of Davenport. My own view is that the 
general style of the scene is not that of Davenport. 

Generally speaking, my later tendency has been, 
where I am doubtful as to the number of authors en- 
gaged, to prefer the minimum to the maximum. So here 
I am loth to endorse my previous view of Rowley’s 
participation on the strength of a likeness to his work in 
only one scene, when the likeness is not positively con- 
vincing. And, more than that, I abandon my idea that 
Massinger’s hand is also to be seen. The whole of the 
first three scenes I now take to be early Fletcher; and so 
too the last eleven speeches of IV. 5, the earlier part 
of that scene being in the main Beaumont’s, though 
Fletcher’s touch is also visible. I take the play to be 
of more than one date, and believe that Fletcher was 
at work on it more than once. His early work is to be 
seen in the scenes already named, and also in II. 1, 
III. 3, IV. 4 (which seems like an early attempt at his 
later manner), and V. 1. A scene in a much later style 
is III. 1, while III. 4 seems to contain verse of each 
period. 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 165 


I before saw Beaumont in only three scenes: I now, 
giving him part of the scene (V. 5) which I previ- 
ously attributed to Rowley, see him in four. The last- 
mentioned scene is not like either Fletcher or Beau- 
mont, though there is one passage that speaks, rightly or 
wrongly, of the latter. I assume the scene, with no confi- 
dence, to be mixed work. In V. 4, Frank’s first speech 
is Beaumont’s; but the rest of the scene appears to be 
Fletcher’s. V.2 is Fletcher’s, save perhaps for the last 
speech, which seems to be Beaumont’s. Note that this 
speech is his not merely by the tone, but also by the 
structure of the verse, as is the case too with the single 
speech in V. 4 that is his. It seems then as if Fletcher 
not only left little of Beaumont’s original work, but 
also entirely altered the tone of the play. Fletcher, in 
this scene, if it is to be considered early work, was 
trying his hand at his later methods; but, if his work 
is to be regarded as comparatively late, as I think it 
should be, he was writing in a hurry, a circumstance 
that would fit in with Fleay’s idea that the prologue 
was written for the revival for which the revision was 
made. That is my own view; and I regard the verse as 
Fletcher’s. The verse in III. 4 is very characteristic of 
Fletcher at about the time of the closing of Beaumont’s 
career. The verse in IV. 4, on the other hand, is not 
particularly like him, and some of it should perhaps 
be printed as prose. 

I must remark that the first fifteen speeches of III. 2 
I would certainly give to Middleton were there positive 
signs of his presence elsewhere; but the only other scenes 
showing signs of him (and these not convincing) are 
the latter part of I. 3 and IV. 5. In each scene Fletcher 


166 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


is present and there is nothing in this Middleton-like 
work that may not be his. 

It will be seen that the part I accord to Beaumont 
is a very insignificant one; but, small as it is, it is more 
than Gayley is disposed to concede him, though he re- 
marks that “the verse and prose of a few scenes do not 
preclude the possibility of Beaumont’s co-operation,” 
and names precisely the four scenes in which I recog- 
nize his presence. In only one of these four—IV. 5— 
does he perceive Beaumont’s “imaginative elevation or 
his dramatic creativity,” and he is on the whole inclined 
to deny Beaumont’s participation. Nevertheless, I think 
my view, that Beaumont did participate, but that his part 
has been almost blotted out and the tone of the play 
altered, the correct one. It may be pointed out that in 
II. 1 it looks as if the final speech has been tacked on 
after what was originally the closing couplet. Contrast 
the remark of the Father in III. 1, “I wonder how she 
knew me,” with his words in IV. 5, “By my voice she 
will discover me.” Nothing comes of the handing to 
Ludovico of Lelia’s letter in III. 2: did it lead some- 
where in the original version? What this scene sets out 
to do is, in fact, done, but done differently, in V. 1. 
Note too that the Maid’s suggestion, in IV. 4, that 
Lelia might empty a pot on the head of a person below 
is put into practice by herself in V. 2. One might al- 
most think that the hint given by the original writer 
in the earlier scene had been used in V. 2 in the work 
of revision. Nothing is heard of Clora’s love for Julio 
till the final scene, in which a sort of apology for it is 
tendered. 

Attention may be drawn to the singular description 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 167 


of the widow as “of famous memory” in both I. 1 and 
V. 4. The pretended hesitation of the Father in III.2 
(“It is to you—stay—yes, it is to you”) is matched in 
V. 1, where the same character says, “Do you know a 
woman in this town they call . . . stay: yes, it is so 
... Lelia.” This is like the Justice’s “I take it so: yes, 
it is so,” in V. 1 of The Coxcomb, save that in that case 
there is no pretense. 
My division’ is as follows: 
FI—I. 1-IV. 4, V. 1, 3 
B and FI—IV. 5, V. 2, 4, 5 


1 My “E. S.” division is given for purposes of record. It is in ac- 
cordance with requests that I am doing this in every case where I have 
varied my opinion. Here it is: 


FI—II. 1-IV. 4, V. 1, 3 
B and FI—V. 2, 4 

Fl and M—I. 1-3 

B and M—IV. 5 
R—V. 5 


18. A King and no King, 


Of the three serious masterpieces with which the 
joint names of Beaumont and Fletcher are commonly 
connected, A King and no King occupies the inter- 
mediate position. It has not a bloody ending, like The 
Maid’s Tragedy, but it has a more tragic atmosphere 
than Philaster. It is real tragi-comedy, whereas Philaster 
is romantic drama, while as a specimen of the lighter 
romantic comedy we have yet another masterpiece 
(though one not generally recognized as such), Love’s 
Pilgrimage. The play here dealt with was entered in 
the Stationers’ Register by Blount in August, 1618, and 


168 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
issued in 1619 for Walkley, as acted at the Globe by his 


Majesty’s servants, and with an ascription to Beaumont 
and Fletcher. The publisher’s epistle speaks as if both 
writers were alive: “It sufficeth it hath your worship’s 
approbation and patronage, to the commendation of the 
authors and encouragement of their further labours.” 
Nevertheless, nobody suggests another partner than 
Beaumont for Fletcher. Other quartos followed in 1625, 
1631, 1639, 1655, 1661, and 1676. The date of pro- 
duction is certain, for Herbert records that it had been 
allowed in 1611, and it was acted at Court by the King’s 
men in December of that year and again during 1612-3. 
The purposelessness of one of the listed characters, 
Mandane, serves to show abridgment at least. 
My original division, from which I see no reason to 

vary, was: 

R—I-II], TV 4, Ves, 4 

FI—IV. 1-3, V. 1,3 


There is no difference of opinion among investigators, 
even Macaulay, who was at first very hesitant, coming 
round at length to the general view. Gayley points out 
that in this play the feminine cesura regulates two- 
thirds of Fletcher’s lines, and not quite half of Beau- 
mont’s. The same scholar remarks, “Dryden commends 
Fletcher especially for the unravelling of the plot in 
A King and no King, whereas the unravelling is part of 
Beaumont’s preponderating share in that play.” Herrick, 
a contemporary of Fletcher’s (born 1591), tells us that 
the plot was that writer’s; and Earle informs us that it 
is to his kinsman Beaumont that we owe the character of 
Bessus. Sir George Lisle is another contemporary au- 
thority for Beaumont’s participation. 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 169 


Attention may be directed to the use of “meet” in 
the sense of “get even” in II. 2, as in The Night- 
et hike I.1 (Fletcher); of “unhappily,” meaning 

“waggishly,” i in V. 2, “unhappy” occurring in a similar 
sense in The Loyal Subject, 11. 2; and of “dry-founder” 
in V. 3, as in II. 3 of The Custom of the Country (a 
Massinger scene). Those who care to do so may regard 
these as proofs of the falsity of the division arrived at. 


19. The Knight of the Burning Pestle. 


This, the burlesque chef-d’euvre of the collection, 
was printed anonymously in 1613, with a dedication by 
the publisher in which he states that he “has fostered 
it privately in his bosom these two years.” Its first pro- 
duction, then, could not have been later than 1611, and 
was probably in 1610. In 1635-6 it was acted by the 
Queen’s men at St. James; and it is in the Cockpit list 
of 1639. In 1635 it was again printed,’ with a prologue 
which is merely the prologue at Blackfriars to Lyly’s 
Sapho and Phao, slightly altered, and an address to 
the readers which speaks of the author as if he were 
then alive.’ It has always been a matter of controversy 

1 “As it is now acted by Her Majesty’s Servants at the Private House 
in Drury Lane.” There was yet another quarto issued the same year. 

2 “The author had no intention to hurt any one in this comedy; but, 
as a merry passage, here and there interlaced it with delight, which he 
hopes will please all, and be hurtful to none.” This would certainly 
seem to point to some other author than Beaumont or Fletcher; and indeed 
the only trustworthy evidence of its right to be in this collection is its 
presence in the Cockpit list amongst the plays of these writers; although 
also the edition which contains this address expressly ascribes the play 
to them. There are two explanations of this apparent contradiction: 


either the Ralph scenes were an insertion by some writer who was living 
in 1635 into a play by one or both of our authors, or this address was 


170 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


whether this play is the work of one man or two. Burre’s 
dedication leaves the matter in doubt, for he speaks of 
the play’s “parents,” and then twice of its “father.” 
The late T. S. Graves, in “Modern Philology,” Au- 
gust, 1925, points out that Richard Vennar, in his 
“Apology” (1614), speaks of “the writer” of the play. 

As the play was preserved by Keysar, and sent by 
him to Burre for publication, and as, obviously, it was 
written for a boys’ company, there can be no doubt 
that it was first staged by the Queen’s Revels Chil- 
dren, the company with which Keysar was connected. 
Whether the production took place at Whitefriars in 
1610 or at Blackfriars in 1607 has been a matter of 
much controversy; but the line in the Induction, “This 
seven years there hath been plays at this house,” has been 
held to settle the question in favor of Blackfriars, since 
the children started there in the autumn of 1600, 
whereas the history of Whitefriars cannot be traced 
back seven years from 1610. The only difficulty in re- 
gard to the performing company is afforded by the ref- 
erence to Muncaster’s boys, which may perhaps (though 
not necessarily) suggest that it was acted by Paul’s; but 
the evidence in favor of Queen’s Revels Children is 
very strong. The question of the theater in which the 
play was presented is, despite the “seven years” allu- 
sion, much more doubtful. There is some reason for 
thinking that the Whitefriars was in existence before 
1586; but we have no definite knowledge of it before 
September, 1607, and it does not come clearly into view 
written much earlier, perhaps for the first edition, though not then 


printed. It assuredly seems to be from the pen of the author of the 
play. 


THE 


K NIGHT 


Of the 
BVRNING 
PESTLE. 


Full of Mirth and Delight. 


Francé Beaumont, 2 
! Gent. 


Written br: and 
lohn Fletcher. 


As itisnow Acted by Her Majefties Servants 
atthe Private houfe in Drury lane. 
1635. 


aa Quod fr 
Indicinm fubtile, videndis artiPus illud 

Ad libres cy adhac Mufarum donavocares: 
Baotumin craffo jurares aére natum. 


Horat. in Epift.ad Oct. Aug. 


_ . LONDON: 
Printed by N,Q. for I. 5. 1635. 


Facsimile of title-page of the second quarto of “The 
Knight of the Burning Pestle.” 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 171 


till some six months later, when a lease was signed for 
its occupancy. Academic scholars who deal with such 
questions will accept no theory for which there is not 
definite documentary proof. To such men, our igno- 
rance of any occupation of Whitefriars between 1603 
and 1607 means that it was not in use in those years, and 
consequently that the “seven years” reference must be 
to another house. But, as I shall endeavor to show, 
not only does their acceptance of a production at Black- 
friars in 1607 fly in the face of probabilities to a much 
greater extent than the assumption of a first perform- 
ance at Whitefriars in 1610, but also there is not the 
slightest warrant for supposing that the passage quoted 
means a seven-year occupancy by a single company. 

In his epistle to Keysar, Burre says, “Perhaps it 
will be thought to be of the race of Don Quixote: we 
both may confidently swear it is his elder above a year.” 
As Cervantes’ famous masterpiece first saw the light in 
1605, that claim may mean a date of 1603-4 for the 
play; but the reference can hardly be to the original. 
The English translation was published in 1612; so that, 
if Burre mean nothing more than that the production 
of the play anteceded the printing of the story, the play 
should date from 1610-1. But he may mean “above 
a year” from the translation’s entry in the Stationers’ 
Register; and, as that was as early as January, 1610-1, 
it would force back the date of the play to 1609. 
But that is not all. Shelton’s translation claimed to 
have been made “five or six years ago”; and five or 
six years from 1612 would bring us to 1606-7, and 
would give a date of 1605 for the play. I think the 
reference must be to this translation; but that, as a 


172 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


matter of fact, was based on the Brussels translation 
of 1607, so that it is not likely to date before 1608, 
making the play’s date 1606-7. Gayley points out 
that the circulation of Shelton’s version in manuscript 
is shown in Jonson’s Silent Woman (1609), and there 
are allusions to the famous fight with the windmill 
in Wilkins’ Miseries of Enforced Marriage (printed 
1607) and Middleton’s Your Five Gallants (1608). 
There is then nothing impossible in a claim of a date 
of 1607 for the play, if it was based on “Don Quixote”; 
but was it? 

On this interesting question I cannot do better than 
turn to Dr. H. S. Murch’s introduction to his edition 
of the play. The probability of such indebtedness was 
made evident by Dr. O. L. Hatcher, when, in her ex- 
cellent study of Fletcher, she showed that seventeen of 
the thirty-four plays whose sources were known had 
drawn upon Spanish material. (If we were to leave out 
of count The Knight, it would leave the figures sixteen 
out of thirty-three.) As every one of these plays was 
at the time existent in either a French or an English 
translation (a fact pointed out by Dr. Rudolph Schevill, 
in a work with which I regret to be unacquainted), 
there seems no good reason to believe that either Beau- 
mont or Fletcher knew Spanish. Indeed, we may go 
further, and say that, whether Cervantes’ story was 
drawn on or not, there is no necessity whatever for as- 
suming that the writer or writers of the play had read 
it, either in the original or in a translation. The ques- 
tion is, rather, Was he or were they acquainted with 
the story by hearsay? 


The principal exponent of the “Don Quixote” theory 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher = 173 


has been Dr. Leonhardt, who listed seven parallels be- 
tween the play and the story; but Dr. Murch has shown 
that these resemblances are trivial or insignificant or 
superficial (in one case, even ridiculous), and that the 
play has apparently drawn rather on the romances that 
formed the foundation of Cervantes’ epic than on “Don 
Quixote” itself. By far the most remarkable of the 
parallels is afforded by the inn scenes, a tavern being 
treated as a castle, and the innkeeper’s demand for pay- 
ment breaking the illusion (in the one case) and the 
pretense (in the other). This certainly has not been de- 
rived from the romances. The probability is then, I 
think, that the author or authors had been told some- 
thing of the story, but had not read it. Had they~béen 
better acquainted with it, it is hard to believe that the 
striking figure of eee Panza would not have had a 
place in the comedy. The squire and dwarf by whom 
Ralph is attended are the antitheses of Sancho. They 
enter into the joke, and egg Ralph on, whereas Sancho, 
keenly alive to the folly of his demented master, does’ 
his best to set him in the path of common sense. In pro-| 
viding his burlesque hero with a dwarf as well as a 
squire, Beaumont went direct to the romances. More- 
over, the conception of Ralph is fundamentally differ- 
ent from that of the distracted Don. It is then fair to 
assume that, though the author or authors obtained the 
idea from rumors of Cervantes’ masterpiece, that work 
was not directly drawn upon. In the circumstances 
Burre’s statement can hardly be regarded as fixing the 
date; so other indications have to be considered. 
Thorndike was the first to put forward a soundly 
reasoned argument in favor of the 1607 date. Boyle 


174. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


thought that the allusion to an incident in The Travels of 
three Brothers, which was entered in the Stationers’ 
Register, June 29, 1607, dated the play the latter part 
of 1607, since such an allusion would have no force 
except while the play referred to was still new. But, in 
point of fact, the incident is specifically referred to as 
“stale”; and, moreover, as having been “had before at 
the Red Bull,” though the Stationers’ Register entry 
of June 29, 1607, gives the theater as the Curtain. The 
Queen’s men were in April, 1609, authorized to play 
in both “their now usual houses”; but there is no record 
of their playing at the Curtain after 1609. The refer- 
ence therefore would seem not to be to the original per- 
formance, and accords better with a date of 1610 for 
The Knight than with one of 1607. Both Boyle and 
Thorndike consider that the burlesque serves to bring 
the play near in date to The Woman-hater; but that 
does not appear to be a clinching argument. Gayley 
holds that “The muster in which Ralph had been chosen 
‘city captain’ was evidently that of 1605”; but I doubt 
if this is good evidence for the early date. The mention 
in the Induction of a play called “The Life and Death 
of Sir Thomas Gresham, with the Building of the Royal 
Exchange” refers to Heywood’s Elizabeth, Part II, pub- 
lished in 1606. That may seem to imply a date of about 
1607; but Heywood’s play went to a second edition in 
1609, so that a reference to it in a play of 1610 is little 
less likely. The placing of a scene in Act IV of The 
Knight in the Moldavian court is taken by Thorndike 
to indicate a date of 1607, since the Prince of Moldavia 
is known to have been in England in that year; but it 
may be remarked that the visit of the prince is referred 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 175 


to in Jonson’s Silent Woman in 1609, showing that it 
was not then forgotten. There is therefore nothing im- 
probable in the introduction here in 1610 of the King of 
Moldavia’s court. On the other hand, the statement of 
the Citizen’s wife in III, “Of all the sights that ever 
were in London, since I was married, methinks the 
little child that was so fair grown about the members 
was the prettiest” refers apparently to the exhibition, 
mentioned in Jonson’s Alchemist, of “The boy of six 
year old with the great thing”; and, as Jonson’s comedy 
was produced in 1610, this affords a strong argument 
for dating The Knight in that year. Moreover, the 
song-collections used by old Merry-thought were en- 
tered for publication in 1609, though of course the songs 
were already familiar. 

But the play contains another reference which is of 
very great consequence. This occurs in IV. 1—“Read the 
play of The Four Prentices of London, where they toss 
their pikes so.” It will be noted that it is the printed 
edition that is referred to; but the earliest edition ex- 
tant bears date 1615, while the date of the first quarto 
of The Knight is 1613. It is obvious, therefore, that 
there must have been an earlier edition of Heywood’s 
play, now lost. In point of fact, a play under another 
title, but almost certainly identical with it, was entered 
in the Stationers’ Register for publication on June 19, 
1594. This was “an enterlude entituled Godfrey of 
Bulloigne, with the Conquest of Jerusalem.” The play 
tells of the deeds of Godfrey and of the capture of 
Jerusalem. It was published as “The four prentises of 
London. With the Conquest of Jerusalem,” so that the 
sub-title was retained. The prologue gives the title as 


176 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“True and Strange,” with the alternative title of “the 
four Prentises of London.” An “epistle” by the author 
speaks of the work as his “first practice,” and as written 
“some fifteen or sixteen years ago.” If the statement be 
accurate, it would seem to date the play 1599 or 1600; 
but Fleay pointed out reasons, since confirmed by Dr. 
W. W. Greg, for believing that this epistle was written 
for an edition, now lost,’ of about 1610, since it also 
refers to a recent revival of the “practice of long-for- 
gotten arms” in the Artillery Garden, an event which 
Stowe shows to have occurred in 1610. Fleay and Greg, 
dating The Knight that year, thought the reference in 
it must be to a 1610 edition of The Four Prentices, and 
they further connected Heywood’s play with the God- 
frey of Bulloigne acted by the Admiral’s men in July, 
1594; but, as Chambers points out, this was a second 
part, the first part being presumably the play entered 
for publication the previous month; and, as that ended 
with the capture of Jerusalem, the second part could 
not have covered the same ground as The Four Pren- 
tices. The play entered for publication in June, 1594, 
may be identical with the Jerusalem acted by Strange’s 
men in March, 1592. In that case, Heywood’s “fifteen 
or sixteen years ago” was loosely used. There can then 
be no doubt of the likelihood of an edition of 1610; 
and this, to my thinking, helps to turn the scale heavily 
in favor of a date of 1610 for The Knight, even when 
all allowances have been made for the chances of late 
insertions. (Lawrence also declares for 1610; but I am 
unacquainted with his reasons. ) 

The old view was that the play was wholly Fletcher’s, 


3 It may, of course, never have reached publication. 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher = 177 


and it is attributed to him in Archer’s catalogue. Even 
Dyce was doubtful if Beaumont had anything to do with 
it. Fleay and Boyle considered it a joint effort; and, 
more recently, Ward, Murch, Moorman, Alden, Chelli, 
and Wells have expressed the same opinion. Macaulay 
gave the play to Beaumont alone, but afterwards watered 
his view to a “chiefly” Beaumont. Stoll and H. D. 
Gray have both declared for Beaumont’s sole authorship. 
My own “E. S.” attitude was an uncertain one, since 
I saw that Fletcher’s hand might be traced in II. 3 
(“E. S.,” part 2, page 322); that the opening portion 
of the first scene should be his, judging by the number 
of double endings it contained; that both the stopt-line 
and double-ending tests told of him in IV. 4 (mis- 
printed in “E. S.” “V. 4,” as II. 3 in the same line was 
misprinted II. 2); and that such a passage as 
“And then bring me word what tune he is in, 


And have another crown; but do it truly. 
I have fitted him a bargain now will vex him,” 


smacked much more of Fletcher than of Beaumont; but 
I could not think that Fletcher would be contented with 
writing so little; and so, very hesitatingly, I declared for 
Beaumont alone, since I thought there was nothing in 
the play that might not possibly be his. 

Despite the approximation in the early part of I. 1 to 
the mechanism of Fletcher’s verse, I still believe it to be 
wholly Beaumont’s; and his too, I consider, are the 
somewhat Fletcher-like lines—such as III. 1. 14 


(“Thus take my pretty love, and thus embrace him”’)— 


found here and there throughout the play, save in IV. 4, 
and, even in that scene, such lines as 


178 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“Your Jasper, that’s yet living and yet loving” 
and 


“I have the wits of twenty men about me,” 


though the former may be an insertion by Fletcher, see- 
ing that he is, in my opinion, responsible for lines 10-12 
(“Oh, wretched maid, still living to be wretched, 


To be a say to fortune in her changes, 
And grow to number times and woes together!’’) 


and the last seven speeches. Each of these two passages 
not only has all the marks of Fletcher, but may well be 
an insertion, being detachable from the rest of the scene. 
From Luce’s opening speech the three lines I have 
marked as Fletcher’s may be subtracted without detri- 
ment to the sense, the passage reading, without them, 
thus: 
“Come, come, oh Death! bring me to thy peace, 

And blot out all the memory I nourish 

Both of my father and my cruel friend. 

How happy had I been, if, being born, 

My grave had been my cradle!” 


The purpose of the passage following Venturewell’s 
entry must be to prepare for what is to occur in V. 3. 
It may be noted, moreover, that the tone of the three 
lines I suspect to have been interpolated in Luce’s speech 
is very different from that of the rest of the speech. 
Moorman thinks some of the Jasper, Luce, and 
Humphrey scenes Fletcher’s. Boyle did not venture on 
the Induction or any of the Citizen and Wife inter- 
ludes, nor did he express any opinion regarding IV. 5 
or any of the prose scenes, save two, which he allotted 
to Fletcher, to whom also he gave every scene con- 
taining double-ending rhymes. In his Beaumont part 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 179 


he found 16 per cent run-on lines and 8 per cent double 
endings; and in his Fletcher part, 19.5 per cent run-on 
lines, and 36.8 per cent double endings. Bullen consid- 
ered it probable that Beaumont had but slight help from 
Fletcher. Fleay gave Beaumont all the prose, and de- 
clared the rest to be mixed, sharing the popular idea 
(which is entirely unwarranted) that the two writers 
were in the habit of working together on their scenes. 

Murch’s view, which is worth giving at some length, 
is that Fletcher’s “peculiarities are demonstrably pres- 
ent” in the scenes which “develop the love adventures 
of Luce and Jasper,” but in no others. He proceeds: 


“The love of Luce and Jasper is, to be sure, purer than that usually 
conceived by Fletcher, but it is marked by the colourless sentimentality 
which is always present when he tries to depict a virtuous passion, 
while its insipidity is unrelieved by the poetic beauty infused by 
Beaumont (as the critics generally agree) into Bellario’s lovelorn- 
ness and Aspatia’s repining moods. Again, Luce is of the same mold 
as Fletcher’s heroines in her weak and unresisting submission to 
the feigned assaults of Jasper and in her tearful tributes to the 
memory of her lord and persecutor. Fletcher’s women in his inde- 
pendent plays are almost invariably either wholly vicious or pas- 
sively and imperturbably meek. No one will hesitate in the classifi- 
cation of Luce. . . . Jasper’s pointless and unprovoked trial of 
Luce’s fidelity and the sensational entrances and exits of the lovers 
in the coffin are forced, irrational, and melodramatic devices, which 
are akin to the many similar offences in Fletcher’s later dramas, but 
which are not noticeably paralleled in the plays originating before 
Beaumont’s death. 

“This ascription of the love-scenes to Fletcher is borne out by a 
metrical analysis. In the first of them (i. 1-65) more than half 
the lines contain double endings, the distinguishing mark of Fletcher’s 
verse. In the second (iii. 1-150) the proportion of double endings 
is small (34 out of 104 verses), but also there are only 19 run-on 
lines, which scarcity is indicative of Fletcher, and only 18 rhymes. 


180 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


These ‘latter, being spoken by Humphrey,* are, I think, added by 
Beaumont. In the coffin-scene, 48 of the 104 lines have double 
endings, only 18 are run-on, and there are no rhymes. In this 
apportionment of Fletcher’s share I agree with Boyle. I see no 
reason, however, for his additional ascriptions to Fletcher. They 
consist of all the scenes, exclusive of Act 5, in which Humphrey 
appears, and seem to be founded on the fact that these contain a 
fair proportion of double-ending rhymes; but, as Oliphant points 
out, Boyle should have noted that these rhymes are not, or very, 
very rarely, to be found in Fletcher, while they are not uncommon 
in Beaumont’s burlesque.” 


My division is: 
Band FI—IV. 4 
B—the rest 


Gayley regards the diversity of metrical forms as 
evidence of the ingenuity of Beaumont—double-ending 
blank verse for the romantic characters, the heroic cou- 
plet, with single and double rhymes, for the mock ro- 
mantic, ten-syllable blank verse for the mock-heroic, and 
so on. Alden considers that the verse of Fletcher seems 
to appear with Beaumont’s, in I. 1, 2, Il. 2, and III. 1. 

The song “Tell me, dearest, what is love?” may 
have been original, but was probably not. It occurs again 
in The Captain, with an additional stanza. 


* This is not an accurate statement. 


20. The Maid’s Tragedy. 


This play was first printed anonymously in 1619, 
as acted “divers times” at Blackfriars by the King’s 
servants. A different version of it, “newly perused, 
augmented, and enlarged,” appeared in 1622, also 
anonymously. The third quarto (1630) was the first 
to attribute the play to Beaumont and Fletcher. In 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 181 


the years 1638 to 1661 four other editions were is- 
sued, and it was also included in the second folio. As 
to the date of production, it is known to have been 
acted at Court by the King’s men early in 1613; but 
that it was on the stage before the end of October, 
1611, seems to be shown by the fact that on the last 
day of that month Sir George Buc wrote on the MS. 
of a nameless play “This Second Maydens Tragedy 
(for it hath no name inscribed) may with the reforma- 
tions be acted publicly.” If The Maid’s Tragedy was 
so fresh in his mind, we are almost justified in suppos- 
ing that it was then on the boards or had been very re- 
cently. (Lawrence, however, dates it 1609.) We cannot 
even be sure that the play was originally produced by 
the King’s men, though in the absence of evidence to the 
contrary we may assume that it was. 

Although a Stationers’ Register entry of January 22, 
1637-8, ascribes the play to Fletcher alone, the verses 
of contemporaries unite in declaring that both writers 
had a share in its composition. Whether the work was 
confined to them is not so certain, and is a matter for 
determination purely by internal evidence; and here we 
are up against the fact that there is such a difference in 
style between the non-Fletcherian parts of this play and 
those of Philaster that one can hardly credit that they 
are from the one pen and of perhaps the one period. 
Believing the work in both to be Beaumont’s, I can only 
account for it by supposing that when he dropped out 
of literature his style was in process of transformation, 
as witness his work in Philaster, A King and no King, 
The Maid’s Tragedy, and The Captain, each of which 
shows strong points of difference from the others, 


182 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


though all are of the one period. He was certainly 
leaving rhyme behind him and using a greater propor- 
tion of run-on lines. If the evidence of Beaumont’s 
participation in three of these four plays were not so 
strong, there would probably be some difference of 
opinion on the matter. As it is, all the critics are agreed 
in regarding Philaster, A King and no King, and The 
Maid’s Tragedy as wholly by Beaumont and Fletcher. 
My division of The Maid’s Tragedy 1s: 
B—I, II. 1, Il, IV. 2, V. 1b, 3 
FI—II. 2, 1V. 1, V. 1a (to Evadne’s exit), 2. 


This is precisely what it was before. It is to be noted 
that I now divide V into three scenes, instead of into 
four, as previously, the former 1 and 2 now becoming 
one. 

From Fleay, Boyle, and Macaulay I differed in re- 
gard to V. rb, which they all accorded, with the rest of 
the scene, to Fletcher; but the views of later critics have 
all been in accord with mine. Boyle, indeed, later ad- 
mitted that I was right in refusing to credit Fletcher 
with the whole of the scene; but that was before he 
found that I dared to differ from him on other than 
minor matters. That V. rb cannot be Fletcher’s is per- 
haps sufficiently indicated by the circumstance that it 
does not contain a single complete line with a double 
ending; but I ascribe it to Beaumont only because it is 
not Fletcher’s and I see no need to drag in a third 
author. Macaulay differed from Fleay, Boyle, and my- 
self in regarding II. 2 as Beaumont’s; but the only later 
critic to agree with him has been Alden. Thorndike’s 
later view of the authorship of the play (as given ina 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 183 


volume of the Belles-Lettres Series) is in entire agree- 
ment with mine; Alden’s differs in only the one respect 
already mentioned; and Gayley’s only in giving Beau- 
mont as well as Fletcher a share in IV. 1. Bullen says 
somewhat indefinitely that “in the first three acts, 
Fletcher’s hand cannot be traced to any noticeable ex- 
tent; but he was mainly responsible for the fourth and 
fifth acts.” 

Though I attribute II. 1 wholly to Beaumont, I con- 
sider the part preceding Aspatia’s first speech unlike him. 
The rhyme that is so frequent here is one of the most 
easily assumed of verse characteristics; and, bearing that 
fact in mind, there is no good reason to deny this por- 
tion of the scene to Beaumont. Both it and the latter 
part of V.1 may conceivably be attributable to some 
other writer or writers; but I prefer to regard them as 
not very characteristic Beaumont. 

In I. 1 Melantius’ love is described in a way that 
seems to presage the girl’s introduction. Is her absence 
due to revision or to a change of mind? The suggestion 
that The Maid’s Tragedy is identical with The Proud 
Maia’s Tragedy presented at Court in February, 
1611-2, is absurd, since that play was given by the Lady 
Elizabeth’s men. 


21. The Noble Gentleman. 


This excellent and most amusing comedy, often so 
astoundingly underrated, was first published in the folio 
of 1647. It was a posthumous play, being licensed for 
the King’s men on February 3, 1625-6, and acted at 
the Blackfriars. One’s natural inclination is therefore 


to regard it as a play which Fletcher had in hand at 


184 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


the time of his death, and that it was completed by some 
other; but the style seems to me inconsistent with the 
theory that Fletcher’s work in it is of his latest period. 
If the theory be rejected on that score, what one may 
best be put in its place? Was it a work wholly or partly 
by Fletcher produced many years previously and re- 
licensed in 1625-6 because it had been subjected to 
considerable alteration? or was it an early work by him 
(with or without the codperation of Beaumont), which 
for some reason or other was never given to the stage, 
and accordingly, when found among his papers after his 
death, had to be licensed before it could be produced? 
It is against the former of these two views that I can 
see no hand in it outside of Beaumont and Fletcher; it 
is against the latter that the play has certainly been sub- 
jected to alteration. Since the style of the Fletcher pas- 
sages is early, and Beaumont died in 1616, I arrive at 
the conclusion that this revision was itself early. 

The late license is an objection which has to be fairly 
faced; but it is not an insuperable one. There are sev- 
eral ways in which it might be accounted for; but, in 
the circumstances, these must all be guesswork. It may 
mean nothing more than that the copy bearing the li- 
cense had been lost, or that no new license had been 
obtained for the revised version, and that, the original 
licensed version having been mislaid, it was deemed ad- 
visable to present the later version for licensing before 
revival. I admit that the difficulties may most easily be 
accounted for by the supposition of revision by another 
dramatist after Fletcher’s death; but I can only say that 
I see no reason to regard any late writer as present. 
Those who will not accept the theory of Beaumont’s 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 185 


participation may, however, regard the non-Fletcherian 
parts as the work of a reviser of 1625-6. 

As my views of the authorship of this play differ 
from those of other investigators, it may be well, be- 
fore giving reasons for the faith that is in me, to detail 
the views of others. If they fail to agree with me, they 
also fail to agree with one another. Ward gives the 
play to Fletcher; Fleay (who regards it as left in a 
chaotic muddle by reason of Fletcher’s death), to 
Fletcher and William Rowley, the latter, according to 
his latest view, having some help from Middleton; 
Boyle, to the author of The Faithful Friends and The 
Laws of Candy (who, he thinks, is probably Shirley) ; 
Gayley, to Fletcher and (?) Rowley; and Wells, to 
Beaumont, Fletcher, and Middleton. Bullen goes no 
further than to express the opinion that “it is impos- 
sible to assign to Fletcher any portions of this poor 
play.” Macaulay, after declaring that Fletcher “may 
have planned the play and written some passages, but 
no complete scene can be attributed to him,” went fur- 
ther, and pronounced it not Fletcher’s. Warwick Bond 
put forward the fantastic view that it was perhaps 
adapted from Tourneur’s The Nobleman of 1612, the 
name probably being the sole foundation for this sug- 
gestion, since it is not easy to discover the faintest re- 
semblance to the work of Tourneur. Stork, who has 
written on Rowley, says that dramatist’s hand is not to 
be seen. Chelli accords it to Beaumont and an unknown. 

If the play was rewritten in 1625-6, the work is 
almost certain to have been entrusted to one of four 
men—Jonson, Massinger, Middleton, and William 
Rowley. The number may, in point of fact, be reduced 


186 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


to three, since Jonson did not at that late date act as a 
play-mender. I can discover no good ground for sus- 
pecting the presence of any of the three. The number of 
trochaic lines might point to Rowley (or to Shirley) ; 
but one is not justified in building much on that. In 
III. 3 and III. 4 there are a few lines that hint of 
Massinger; but they are not necessarily his, and to de- 
duce his presence from them would be ridiculous. Fleay 
thought the “faithfully met” of III. 3 Middleton’s; but 
the passage in which it occurs is not at all Middletonian. 
The only lines in the play that really remind me of 
Middleton are three in V. 1: 


“For he’s the sweetest-tempered man for that 
As one can wish for. Let men but go about to fool him, 
And he’ll have his finger as deep in’t as the best.” 


I can believe neither that Middleton meddled with the 
play to the extent of only three lines nor that he would 
have done any considerable revision so late as 1625-6 
without exhibiting the peculiar characteristics of a style 
by far the raciest and most individual of the men then 
writing. It may also be pointed out that the passage 
quoted bears some resemblance (though not in its verse 
characteristics) to one in V. 3 of The Coxcomb: 


“So sweetly-tempered 
That he would make himself a natural fool 
To do a noble kindness for a friend.” 


But, though I can see no good reason to believe in 
the presence of any one who was likely to be called on 
in 1625-6 to rewrite a Fletcher play, it is abundantly 
evident that the play has not come down to us in its 
original form. Amongst the signs of alteration and 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 187 


abbreviation are the following: the Doctor, who appears 
in the list of characters, enters only in I. 1, says not a 
word, has only two-and-a-half lines addressed to him, 
and serves no purpose, there probably being a large 
omission after the half-line with which Marine con- 
cludes his remarks to him; in I.4 Jaques requests 
Clerimont to lecture Marine once again, and Cleri- 
mont promises to; but in II. it is Jaques himself who 
speaks to Marine, while Clerimont has not stirred from 
his house, as shown in III. 1; in III. 1 Jaques shows 
intention to move for a dukedom, and yet makes no 
move subsequently (though it is possible that the author 
may have been satisfied with the bare suggestion) ; there 
is evidently something omitted at the beginning of 
IV. 2; and, finally, Maria says in IV. 5 that her un- 
born child (then quick) was conceived on Twelfth 
Night, which may be taken to show that the production 
for which that was written was about June or July, 
whereas the only production of which we know anything 
dates February, 1625-6. 

It may be also that the repetition in V. 1 by the lady’s 
“servant” (the “First Gentleman” of the modern edi- 
tors) of words used by him (though addressed to an- 
other character) in IV. 4 is also an outcome of revisory 
work. In the earlier scene we read: 


“Stir not a foot; 
For, if you do, all your hopes are buried. 


I swear you are a lost man if you stir”; 


and in the later: 
“Do not stir a foot; 
For, if you do, you and your hope— 
I swear you are a lost man if you stir.” 


188 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


(A little further on in the same scene we have “He will 
not stir a foot.”’) 

What then is the date of this revision? Before con- 
sidering that question, it may be well to look at the 
external evidence of authorship. 

The play was not only contained in the first folio, 
but was ascribed in the catalogue of Rogers and Ley 
and in that of Archer to both Beaumont and Fletcher. 
This proves nothing; but also the prologue, which claims 
to have been spoken at a revival, attributes the play to 
more than one author; and one is justified in supposing 
that it is Beaumont and Fletcher who are alluded to. 
But the value of the prologue as evidence is discounted 
by the fact that it is the same as is prefixed to the 1649 
quarto of Thierry and Theodoret. It is therefore gen- 
erally regarded as properly appertaining to that play, 
and as having been appropriated for this. In view of the 
fact that the publisher of the folio had two years previ- 
ously attached it to this play in preference to Thierry 
ana Theodoret, it seems much more reasonable to con- 
sider this its proper place. It tells us that— 


“We know 

That what was worn some twenty year ago 
Comes into grace again; and we pursue 

That custom by presenting to your view 

A play in fashion then, not doubting now 

But ’twill appear the same, if you allow 

Worth to their noble memory whose name 
Beyond all power of death, lives in their fame.” 


The wording of this, combined with the fact that it was 
spoken at a revival, led Dyce to suppose that it dated 
some twenty years later than the production of the 


‘Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 189 


play in 1625-6; but that would take us into Civil War 
days. Is it not more reasonable to infer that the pro- 
duction of 1625-6 was itself the revival referred to? 
Both it and the epilogue look to me like the work 
of Massinger, and twenty years from then would take 
us to 1605-6, which I believe for several reasons to 
be an entirely suitable date for the original perform- 
ance. If then I be justified in regarding the prologue 
as really belonging to this play and to the 1625-6 
production of it, enormous importance must be attached 
to the hint it gives of the authorship, for there can 
hardly be a doubt that the reference is to Beaumont 
and Fletcher. If any one be inclined to question that, let 
him set it beside what is the most important piece of 
~ external evidence we have—Sir Henry Herbert’s attri- 
bution of the play to Fletcher. That is so definite and of 
such first-rate character that Boyle and Bullen’s defiance 
of it in denying Fletcher’s participation is simply ludi- 
crous; but, though undoubtedly correct as far as Fletcher 
is concerned, it is not necessarily complete, and does not 
shut out a probability of Beaumont’s codperation. Her- 
bert would take what he was told by the players, whose 
chief concern would be to have it known that their dead 
master-dramatist had participated in it. 

We have seen that in 1625-6 the play belonged to 
King’s, and it is in the company’s list of 1641; never- 
theless it has been suggested that the Conceited Duke 
which appears in the Cockpit list of 1639 was another 
version of The Noble Gentleman not passed on to 
King’s with the one that has come down to us. The 
name fits admirably; but I should be more inclined to 
accept the suggestion if the drama were listed with the 


190 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


other Fletcher plays. It does, it is true, appear next to 
Cupid’s Revenge; but it is a second entry of that play, 
which also has a place among the Fletcher group. I do, 
however, assuredly think that the chances are altogether 
in favor of The Noble Gentleman having been first 
produced by a company other than King’s, and its trans- 
fer to another company may have had something to do 
with its relicensing, and with that of The Fair Maid of 
the Inn, as it had in the cases of The Honest Man’s For- 
tune and Love’s Pilgrimage. If I be right in seeing the 
hand of no one but Beaumont and Fletcher in The 
Noble Gentleman, the reviser was probably Fletcher, 
and his work was done before he began his long and 
final connection with the King’s men. Fletcher’s revision 
may have been made about 1613. There are resem- 
blances to passages in Wit at several W eapons, T he Cox- 
comb, The Honest Man’s Fortune, and The Knight of 
Malta. These plays cover so considerable a period that 
nothing much is to be deduced from the circumstance, 
save this, that, as the latest of these four dramas ap- 
peared prior to 1617, we have some confirmation of 
the theory that even the revision of The Noble Gentle- 
man anteceded Fletcher’s death by several years. There 
is, however, nothing that can, on style, be dated even as 
late as 1613. 

That the work is of early date seems to be shown not 
merely by the immaturity of Fletcher’s verse character- 
istics, but also by the juvenility of the stage technique. 
Thus the overhearing of an aside in IV. 2 is not in 
accord with the later practice of either Beaumont or 
Fletcher. The repetitions and redundancies constitute a 
further proof of dramatic inexperience. Nor must one 


‘Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 1gI 


overlook the resemblance between Jaques in this play 
and Savil in The Scornful Lady. Finally, let special 
note be taken of the contempt flung on country folk by 
both our poets: 


“Dull creatures, bred of sweat and smoke” (I. 1.) 


“Even such another country thing as this 
Was I, such a piece of dirt” (I. 1.) 
“A country fool, good to converse with dirt” (I. 4.) 


“You shall live 
At home, bespotted with your own foul dirt, 
In scurvy clothes” (II. 1.) 


“Oh, what a dunghill country rogue was I” (II. 2.) 
“Which showed our dunghill breeding and our dirt” (III. 1.) 
“Let us never more 
Come near the country, whatsoe’er betide us! 


I am in malice with the memory 


Of that same stinking dunghill.” (IV. 4.) 


Again, in IV. 4 we have “the slavish country”; and 
Beaumont cannot more fitly designate a mind stupid 
and devoid of all ambition better than by applying to 
it the term “dirty,” which seems most fitly to convey 
the impression the country made upon him. Thus, in 
II. 2, we have 


“If you be dirty, and dare not mount aloft,” 


and 
“All thy counsel 


Hath been to me angelical; but mine 
To thee hath been most dirty, like my mind.” 


This abuse of the country, which seems almost as 
much personal as dramatic, may not be without signifi- 
cance when we recall the “Letter to Ben Jonson” which 


192 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Beaumont wrote some time not earlier than 1606 and 
not later than 1612. That letter is declared on the au- 
thority of the first folio to have been written “before 
he and Master Fletcher came to London with two of 
the precedent comedies, then not finished, which de- 
ferred their merry meetings at the Mermaid.” The 
wording of this, and indeed the wording of the poem 
itself, shows that Beaumont and Fletcher were well 
known to the Mermaid circle before the “Letter” was 
written. Assuming that there is any warranty for the 
statement regarding the “two . . . precedent comedies,” 
is it possible to determine what those two comedies were? 
The “Letter” comes immediately after The Nice Val- 
our, which is the sixteenth play in the folio. The only 
ones of the sixteen which are not, on dates, unavailable 
for consideration are Beggars’ Bush, The Captain, The 
~Coxcomb, The Laws of Candy, The Nice Valour, and 
The Noble Gentleman. Of these, two, The Captain and 
The Laws of Candy, may be left out of count, because 
neither has any country scenes or references, while the 
former contains very little Beaumont, and the latter 
none at all; and, though it is quite possible that the two 
plays mentioned may have contained neither references 
to the country nor scenes of country life, the proba- 
bilities assuredly favor ones which show some connec- 
tion with the country or with the “Letter.” From the 
latter point of view, The Nice Valour certainly holds 
first place, since the position of the “Letter” in the 
folio seems to imply a reference to that play; but in no 
other respect has it much claim to consideration; for, 
though one scene is placed in the country and contains 
a eulogy of private life (quite contrary to the tone of 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 193 


the “Letter,” by the way, though dramatic exigency 
will of course sufficiently account for that), that scene 
does not appear on internal evidence to be the work 
of either Beaumont or Fletcher, though it may of course 
be based on discarded matter of theirs, the writer being 
apparently a reviser. Beggars’ Bush has several country 
scenes, but the life shown is that of beggars, not such 
as either of our dramatists would be likely to be in a 
position to study during a sojourn in the country. The 
authors, in that play, went, in fact, not to life, but to 
Dekker’s “Bellman.” The Coxcombd, on the other hand, 
has real scenes of country life such as Beaumont and 
Fletcher may well have noted and made use of in Eng- 
lish farm lands. Finally, we have The Noble Gentle- 
man, whose claim depends on its references to country 
life, which are even more disparaging than those con- 
tained in the “Letter.” I think then that the chances 
are that the two plays in question are two of the fol- 
lowing three: The Coxcomb, The Nice Valour, The 
Noble Gentleman. Professor Gayley argues that The 
Coxcomb is one of the two, and makes out a strong case; 
but it seems to me that an even stronger case can be 
made out for The Noble Gentleman, because it is diffi- 
cult to account for the animus shown throughout that 
play against country life except on the assumption that 
it was written while unpleasant experiences of that life 
embittered our dramatists. If this argument be sound, 
it affords a reason why Beaumont’s participation in this 
play should be more generally admitted than it has 
been. 

It is against the identification of this play and The 
Coxcomb with the two plays referred to in the legend 


194. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


attached to the letter that, despite the statement con- 
tained therein, the letter itself implies that Beaumont 
had been alone in the country. It is possible that, though 
apart, Beaumont and Fletcher were each engaged on 
certain scenes of two different plays or that each was 
writing a play solws; but the title of the letter cannot 
be accepted too implicitly. It may have been supplied by 
Moseley, when the letter was first printed, in the folio 
of 1647. Both plays may, in fact, have been written by 
Beaumont alone. That is an assumption that tells in 
favor of The Nice Valour, where Fletcher seems to have 
been only a reviser, and against The Coxcomb, where he 
was apparently a collaborator. 

But the wording of the letter shows not only that 
Beaumont was alone in the country when he wrote and 
that he was no novice in the business of playwriting 
(for he speaks as if he had shown previous plays to 
his friend Ben), but also that his close intimacy with 
Fletcher had not then begun, since he says he has “no 
good but in” Jonson’s company, and protests that, when 
with Jonson once more, it will be his greatest comfort 
to acknowledge all he has to flow from Ben. If that view 
be correct, the chances are much greater in favor of 
The Nice Valour and The Noble Gentleman than of 
The Coxcomb, since the last-named is much later in 
style, besides being much more obviously a joint work. 
We are told by Jasper Mayne, in his verses in the first 
folio, “On the works of Beaumont and Fletcher, now 
at length printed,” 


“That you could write singly we may guess 
By the divided pieces which the press 
Hath severally sent forth”— 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 195 


a somewhat enigmatic utterance, which may be held to 
refer particularly to quartos that had been issued, in 
which case the only plays it seems likely to point to are 
the anonymously published Woman-hater, The Knight 
of the Burning Pestle, and Thierry and T heodoret, two 
of which were probably wholly Beaumont’s as first pro- 
duced. Phillips too calls Beaumont “an inseparable As- 
sociate and Coadjutor with Fletcher in the making of 
many of his Plays, besides what he made solely him- 
self.” I believe then that the probabilities are that the 
two plays Beaumont wrote in the country, before he be- 
gan his famous partnership with Fletcher, were The No- 
ble Gentleman and The Nice Valour, in both of which 
there is some reason to think Fletcher was only a re- 
viser. 

There is, however, another reason for inferring an 
early date for The Noble Gentleman, and this is one 
that might seem to point to Fletcher as the original 
author. If my supposition be correct that Fletcher wrote 
his continuation of Shakespeare’s Taming of the Shrew 
in 1606-7, would not this play, whose central idea is 
similar to (and in all probability borrowed from) that 
of the old play on which Shakespeare’s was founded, 
belong to the same period? Perhaps the partnership be- 
gan immediately after Beaumont’s return to town, and 
this was the first result. 

I may summarize the arguments in favor of an early 
date for The Noble Gentleman thus: (1) the reference 
in the prologue to a performance twenty years prior to 
1625-6; (2) the certainty or near-certainty that it was 
first presented by another company than the King’s 
(as shown by the absence of a list of actors and by the 


196 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


relicensing of what was admittedly an old play); (3) 
the absence of indications of the presence of any of the 
men to whom the King’s company would have entrusted 
the work of revision in 1625-6, so that even the re- 
vision, which is apparent, must have been done previ- 
ously, and probably before the play was acquired by the 
King’s men; (4) the prologue’s hint that Beaumont as 
well as Fletcher was concerned in the authorship; (5) 
though the evidence for Fletcher’s participation is first- 
class, the play shows none of his late verse characteris- 
tics; (6) the stage technique is exceedingly juvenile; 
(7) the play seems likely to have been one written by 
Beaumont before he joined forces with Fletcher or 
perhaps by the two together at the very beginning of 
their intimacy; (8) it would seem to belong to the same 
period as Fletcher’s The Woman’s Prize. If I were pre- 
pared to accept a date of 1607 for The Knight, I might 
add the occasional stylistic resemblance to that great 
burlesque as affording yet another argument. 
My division of the play is: 
FI—I. 1a (to Clerimont’s entry), 2, 3, II. 2a (to Gentleman’s 
entry), Ilsa; IVir, 2 
B—I. 1b, 4, IH, 1a, c, 2b, III. 3, 4, IV. 3, 4b (sixteen speeches 
preceding Marine’s exit), 5, V. 1a, c 
B and FI—II. 1b (“Lady, But will you go?” and thirteen follow- 
ing speeches), III. 2, IV. 4a, c, V. rb (from Clerimont’s entry 
to Marine’s third entry) 


I now divide Act II into two scenes instead of treating 
it as only one. My allotment of scenes is greatly al- 
tered;* but I am by no means confident of its correct- 


+1 formerly credited Beaumont with I. 2-4, II. 1a, c, 2b, III. 2-4, 
IV. 3, 4b (the sixteen speeches preceding Marine’s exit), 5, V.1a (to 
Clerimont’s entry), c (from Jaques’ second exit), and Fletcher with 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 197 


ness. I feel but little hesitation in declaring the work 
to be Beaumont and Fletcher’s; but it is mostly writing 
of their earliest period, and I should not care to be 
dogmatic as to the authorship of specific passages. There 
are several scenes I have attributed to one or the other 
that may in reality contain the work of both. Thus, 
though it occurs in a portion of the final scene that cer- 
tainly seems to be Beaumont’s, Madame Marine’s 
“Base, by this light! 


Extreme base, and scurvy, monstrous base!”’ 


may quite reasonably be regarded as Fletcher’s. One 
must not, of course, expect to see Fletcher’s peculiarities 
in any developed form; but one may here and there see 
hints of the Fletcher that was to be. Thus the first four 
lines of the play seem like an anticipation: 


“What happiness waits on the life at court, 
What dear content, greatness, delight, and ease, 
What ever-springing hopes, what tides of honor, 
That raise their fortunes to the height of wishes!” 


So too the Lady’s description of Shattillion in I. 3: 


“There he goes, 
That was the fairest hope the French court bred! 
The worthiest and the sweetest-temper’d spirit, 
The truest and the valiantest, the best of judgment, 
Till most unhappy I severed those virtues 
And turn’d his wit wild, with a coy denial.” 


Very Fletcherian too is this from the early part of 
LV eA: 
“I do not like this kissing: 
It lies so open to a world of wishes.” 


II. 1b (“ZLady. But will you go?” and the six succeeding speeches), 2a 
(to the Gentleman’s entry), IV. 1, regarding the rest as mixed. 


198 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fletcher’s hand may also be traced clearly (albeit it is 
early Fletcher) in the following: 


“°’Tis but to be his grace’s secretary, 
Which is my little all, and my ambition, 
Till my known worth shall take me by the hand 
And set me higher. How the Fates may do 
In this poor thread of life is yet uncertain: 
I was not born, I take it, for a trencher, 
Nor to espouse my mistress’ dairy-maid.” 
(III. 1.) 
“Gent. Let them kiss, 
And much good may ’t do their hearts! they must kiss. 
And kiss, and double kiss, and kiss again, 
Or you may kiss the post for any rising: 
Had your noble kinsman ever mounted 
To these high spheres of honour now he moves in 
But for the kisses of his wife? 
Cler. I know not. 
Gent. Then I do: credit me, he had been lost, 
A fellow of no mark, and no repute, 
Had not his wife kiss’d soon and very sweetly.” 


(IV. 4.) 


I cannot understand any one denying the Fletcher origin 
of such lines if he be not obsessed by the idea that the 
late licensing of the play must necessarily imply that, if 
the work be Fletcher’s, it will be of his latest period. 
Let the truth once be grasped that the licensing of what 
was obviously not the first version of the play is an in- 
dication that it came from another company, that the 
absence of an actors’ list tells the same tale, and that the 
prologue points back to a date of about 1605-6, and it 
will be plain that the work must of necessity be early 
and that all the marks of the most highly developed 
Fletcher are not to be looked for. 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 199 


But, further, if we have early Fletcher admitted, 
the objection to the presence of Beaumont goes by the 
board. There should indeed be no objection to it, for 
the prologue hints very plainly at the presence of both 
writers; but, even without such a signpost, there are 
marks of Beaumont that should not escape those ac- 
quainted with his work. In particular, attention may be 
directed to the way in which the imaginative is made to 
rub shoulders with the prosaic, Sancho Panza following 
upon Quixote, after the fashion of the chief author of 
The Knight of the Burning Pestle. Thus, in IV. 3, at 
the close of the romantic fancies of the mad Shattillion, 
we have the cold return to bald matter-of-fact with 
Jaques’ : 

“Therefore, good sir, 
May it please you to show me which is the post-house?” 


And in V. 1 there is a touch that, though not the same, 
evinces much the same mentality, and is equally Beau- 
montesque: 


“Jaques. Alas, great lord and master, I could scarce 
With safety of my life return again 
Unto your grace’s house! and, but for one 
That had some mercy, I had sure been hanged. 
Mar. My house! 
Jaques. Yes, sir, this house, your house i’ the town. 
Mar. Jaques, we are displeased. Hath it no name? 
Jaques. What name? 
Mar. Dull rogue! What! hath the King bestow’d 
So many honors, open’d all his springs, 
And showered his graces down upon my head, 
And has my house no name, no title yet? 
Burgundy-house, you ass! 
Jaques. Your grace’s mercy! 


200 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


And, when I was come off, and had recovered 
Burgundy-house, I durst not yet be seen, 

But lay all night, for fear of pursuivants, 

In Burgundy privy-house.” 


Beaumontesque too, in a quite different vein, is Jaques’ 
lament in IV. 3: 
“Wretched Jaques! 
Thou art undone for ever and for ever, 
Never to rise again.” 


And, finally, is not this, from V. 1, very much in Beau- 
mont’s manner? 


“Dar’st thou not fight? Behold, then, I do go, 
Strong with the zeal I bear my sovereign, 

And seize upon that haughty man himself.— 
Descend the steps (that thou hast thus usurped 
Against the king and state) down to the ground; 
And, if thou utter but a syllable, 

To cross the king’s intent, thou art but dead. 
There lie upon the earth, and pine, and die.” 


Lest it should be Field, instead of Beaumont, whose 
touch was to be discovered in this play I subjected two 
scenes (I. 4 and III. 3) to the following verse-tests— 
medial-ending speeches, medial pauses, speeches ending 
in short lines, self-contained speeches, lines divided be- 
tween speakers, double endings, excessive feminine dou- 
ble or quadruple endings, and run-on lines. I found that 
six of the eight were in accordance with the practice of 
Beaumont, and only four in accord with that of Field. 

A few lines in conclusion. The roughness of some of 
the verse may possibly be due to corruptness. The awk- 
ward namelessness of many of the chief characters may 
be thought to imply incompleteness, but does not neces- 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 201 


sarily do so. It is, in fact, characteristic of Middleton.’ 
It is somewhat against the correctness of my division 
that in both II. 2a and IV. 4b we have consent given in 
the words “It shall be done,” and that in both I. 1b 
and 1. 2 we have an explanatory “I mean.” 


“A sun 
That draws men up from coarse and earthly being 
(I mean, those men of merit that have power 
And reason, to make good her benefits)” 
and 
“This is the rarest fellow, and the soundest 
(I mean, in knowledge), that e’er wore a codpiece.” 


Finally, we find Fletcher using “fairly welcome” in 
I. 2, and in V. 1b a use of “party” in the sense of “per- 
son” that must be borne in mind when Wit at several 
Weapons is under consideration. 


2M. Mount Marine of the text (M. Marine of the list of characters 
in the 1679 folio) is called simply “Gentleman” and “Duke” in the 
stage directions and sideheads, while Clerimont appears only as “Cousin” 
(variously spelled). Madame Marine’s gallant appears in the dramatis 
persone as “A gentleman,” in the stage directions as “The Servant” and 
“Servant,” and in the sideheads as “Servant,” abbreviated. “Shattillion’s 
Mistress” of the character list is “Love” in the sideheads and ‘“Shat- 
tillion’s Love” and “Love” in the stage directions. Marine is not the 
only “Gentleman” or the only “Duke” in either sideheads or stage 
directions; and the title “Servant” is given indiscriminately to the 
lady’s gallant and to a domestic; but the greatest confusion is in con- 
nection with the respective wives of Marine and Clerimont. The latter 
is merely “Wife” in both sideheads and stage directions, though twice 
in the latter case there is an indication whose wife she is. The other 
appears in the stage directions as “Gent. Wife” and “Wife,” and in 
the sideheads as “Wife,” “Lady,” and “Duchess” (abbreviated). There 
is one scene in which both women are present and both are, in the 
sideheads, entitled “Wife.” This does not make for clearness. 


22. Philaster. 
The first edition of this well-known play (1620) 


202 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


was presumably a piracy, for, as Dyce says, “both at 
the beginning and at the end of the play, the text is so 
utterly and absurdly different from the text of the au- 
thors as to leave no doubt that those portions must have 
been supplied for the nonce by some hireling writer; 
and throughout all the other scenes very gross mistakes 
occur.” Fleay, however, suggests that the versions of 
I. 1 and V. 4, 5 were made for the Court performances 
of 1612-3. The same publisher (Walkley) put out 
a new edition two years later, “corrected and amended” 
and “purged of the gross errors” of the earlier one, the 
epistle to this quarto speaking of the “dangerous and 
gaping wounds. . . received in the first impression.” 
Walkley is careful to say that the hurt was done neither 
by himself nor by the printer. Other quartos followed 
in 1628, 1634, 1639, two in 1652, and one undated, 
but supposed to be of either 1660 or 1663. The first 
quarto claimed to give the play as acted at the Globe 
by the King’s men; but Lawrence (“Times Literary 
Supplement,” November 17, 1921) argued that it gave 
Fletcher’s text, as written for a boys’ company, with a 
beginning and ending by some hack writer, and that 
Beaumont subsequently rewrote the entire play for the 
King’s; but he gave no reasons of weight. It is, however, 
quite possible that the play may have been acted, even 
in its true form, by some other company before going 
to the King’s, for, though both versions claim to be as 
acted by the King’s men, they do not assert that that 
was the first production. For that matter, they both 
claim to be the work of Beaumont and Fletcher, whereas 
there is certainly work in the first quarto that cannot be 
set down to the discredit of either. 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 2.03 


The external evidence of the authorship of the play 
(I am speaking now, and henceforth, unless I state to 
the contrary, only of the legitimate version) is toler- 
ably complete. It has been claimed that Earle, in his 
verses on Beaumont, speaks of Philaster, A King and no 
King, and The Maid’s Tragedy as wholly Beaumont’s. 
Nothing of the sort. Here is what he says: 

“Alas! what phlegm are they compared to thee 


In thy Philaster and Maid’s Tragedy? 
Where’s such an humour as thy Bessus, pray?” 


He means nothing more than that Beaumont was a prin- 
cipal author of Philaster and The Maid’s Tragedy. As 
for A King and no King, he only claims the character 
of Bessus for Beaumont. Similarly, Herrick speaks of 
Philaster, A King and no King, and a character in The 
Maid’s Tragedy as Fletcher’s. Davies in his “Scourge 
of Folly” seems to imply that Philaster is, like The 
Faithful Shepherdess, ¥\etcher’s; but he does not defi- 
nitely say so. Dryden credits it to the two, and tells us 
it was their first success; and, though his testimony has 
not the merit of being contemporary, it may be correct. 

The question of date is more bothersome than that of 
authorship. The mention of it in Davies’ “Scourge of 
Folly” must date it prior to October, 1610, when that 
work was entered in the Stationers’ Register, unless we 
are to suppose that the reference was furnished between 
registration and publication in 1611. Macaulay thinks 
“the supposed reference” in “The Scourge of Folly” 
doubtful; but I know no reason why it should be so re- 
garded. Gayley dates the play between December, 1609, 
and July, 1610, mainly because he accepts a date of 1609 


204 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


for Cymbeline, which he is convinced is followed, in- 
stead of Cymbeline being the later, as is Thorndike’s 
idea. I do not know that we can get much nearer to fact 
than to take 1610 as an almost certain limit in one direc- 
tion (with 1611 as the absolute limit), and with 1608 as 
a probable limit in the other. Lawrence declares for 
1609. I also incline to that year, accepting Dryden’s 
statement, and regarding the play as not originally 
written for the King’s men. 
The sub-title is “Love lies a-bleeding”; but the Ver- 
tue list of plays presented at Court in the early part of 
1613 contains the two names, Philaster coming first of 
the fourteen plays given by the King’s men, and Love 
lies a-bleeding last. It is not likely that any company 
would possess two different plays of the one name. It is 
more likely that, when Philaster was first given at Court 
in 1612-3, something in it proved displeasing to the 
King, and that it was rewritten and presented anew 
as “Love lies a-bleeding.” The latter may, however, be 
judged by its use in Davies’ epigram to be the original 
title. It was certainly older than 1612. 
The joint authorship of this play by Beaumont and 
Fletcher is almost universally acknowledged. My divi- 
sion of it is: 
B—I. 1a, 2, II. 1, 2a, 3, 4a (to “Megra appears above’), III. 1, 2a, 
SLs Vil; ace 

Fl—I. 1b (from the beginning of Pharamond’s speech), II. 4b, 
V. 3, 4 

B and Fl—II. 2b (from “Yet, for all this, I'll match ye”), III. 2b 
(from the King’s exit to Philaster’s)? 


*It is against my division that we have Pharamond spoken of in 
IV. 2 as “his beyond-sea-ship” and addressed in V. 4 as “my beyond-sea 
sir,” since these are likely to have come from the one hand. 


‘Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 205 


(I now reckon six scenes, instead of four, to Act IV.) 
Save that I formerly began the Fletcher portion of the 
opening scene at Galateas, laughter, and that, regarding 
ITI. 2, I went no further than to say that I was not sure 
that it did not contain work of Fletcher’s, the only 
change from my “E. S.” allotment is the transference 
of II.2 from Fletcher to Beaumont and Fletcher. 
III. 2b I consider an insertion by Fletcher in a Beau- 
mont scene, but apparently based on work of Beau- 
mont’s, since we see Beaumont in the opening lines of 
Philaster’s longest speech, as far as “And live to curse 
you.” 

Boyle gave Beaumont the entire play, with the ex- 
ception of V. 3 and 4, but thought IV. 4 might have 
been altered by Fletcher; but afterwards he admitted 
that I was right in awarding II. 4b to the latter. Macau- 
lay gave the whole play to Beaumont; but subsequently 
he gave way to the consensus of opinion so far as to 
admit that V. 3 and 4 were perhaps Fletcher’s, as well 
as detached passages elsewhere. Fleay was in agreement 
with me as to those scenes on which he expressed an 
opinion. Bullen gave Fletcher “the rhetorical harangue” 
in I. 1, “detached passages in the fourth act,” and 
V. 3-4. Thorndike and Alden absolutely confirmed my 
“F, S.” partition of the play; but Gayley sees Beaumont 
as well as Fletcher in the latter part of I. 1 (from the 
King’s entry), and Fletcher as well as Beaumont in 
II. 4a. Like myself, he sees Fletcher and Beaumont to- 
gether in III. 2b; he thinks that here Fletcher revised 
Beaumont’s first draft. Wells regards it as a joint play, 
but thinks Fletcher’s share negligible. 

Beaumont has had more than justice done him as re- 


206 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


gards this play, while his colleague’s part is not quite so 
insignificant as the critics suppose. Are not these lines 


(from I. 1) his? 
“I fear not for myself, and yet I fear too”; 
“Oh! this same whoreson conscience, how it jades us!” 


“If you had my eyes, sir, and sufferance, 
My griefs upon you, and my broken fortunes, 
My wants great, and now nought but hopes and fears, 
My wrongs would make ill riddles to be laugh’d at.” 


This scene contains 38 per cent double endings, which 
is far above the average in the Beaumont parts of the 
play. The conclusion of II. 4 is an example of the near 
relation Fletcher’s prose bears to his verse: 


“Cle, Why, here’s a male spirit for Hercules. If ever there be 
nine worthies of women, this wench shall ride astride, and be 
their captain, 

Dion, Sure, she has a garrison of devils in her tongue, she 
uttereth such balls of wild-fire. She has so nettled the King that 
all the doctors in the country will scarce cure him. That boy was 
a strange-found-out antidote to cure her infection: that boy, that 
princess’s boy, that brave, chaste, virtuous lady’s boy; and a fair 
boy, a well-spoken boy! All these considered can make nothing 
else.—But there I leave you, gentlemen.” 


That is exactly the prose the author of The Loyal Sub- 
ject might be expected to write. 
In ILI. 2 occurs a figure, 


“Strike the monuments 
Where noble names lie sleeping, till they sweat 
And the cold marble melt,” 


which, as Gayley points out, is repeated in A Wife for a 
Month, 1. 2. What I judge to be Beaumont’s 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 207 


“When any fall from virtue, 
I am distract. I have an interest in’t,” 


in III. 1, appears to be copied by Fletcher in I. 1 of 
The Custom of the Country (“Virtue is never wounded 
but I suffer”). I may direct attention to the ceremonious 
and rather legal style of the twelve opening speeches, 
of which five begin “Sir”; one, “Faith, Sir”; and one, 
“Credit me, gentlemen.” 

The alternative first quarto reading is obviously cor- 
rupt; but it is also obviously another version. The dia- 
logue between Dion, Cleremont, and Thrasiline in the 
final scene, omitted in the other quartos and the folio, 
is Fletcher’s; elsewhere the work peculiar to this ver- 
sion comes from neither Beaumont nor Fletcher, but 
from another writer, whom I do not pretend to name. 


23. The Scornful Lady. 


It was within a fortnight of Beaumont’s death that 
this excellent comedy was entered in the Stationers’ 
Register. There were no less than eight editions of it 
before it appeared in the second folio, three of them 
being subsequent to the closing of the theaters. The 
earliest was in 1616 and the second in 1625. Between 
those two dates it had been transferred from one com- 
pany to another, for, though it had (as the first quarto 
tells us) been acted by the Queen’s Revels Children at 
Blackfriars, the second edition describes it as being “as 
it was now lately acted (with great applause) by the 
King’s Majesty’s Servants at the Black Friars.” That 
statement may be relied upon, especially as the publisher 
(Partrich) was the man who had brought out the first 
edition. It had, in fact, been acted by the King’s men in 


208 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


1624, when the part of the Curate had been played by 
Shanck. The date of first production must have been 
prior to March 19, 1615-6, when the entry was made in 
the Stationers’ Register. In order the more nearly to fix 
the time of its staging, we must bear in mind the theatri- 
cal history of the period. The Queen’s Revels Children 
left the Blackfriars about August, 1609. If then the 
theater referred to on the title-page of the first quarto 
was the old Blackfriars, the latest date for the first 
staging of the play would be 1609; but it may be that 
the reference was to Porter’s Hall, which would give a 
date of the very end of 1615 or 1615-6 (as favored 
by Lawrence). If it be a production of that time that 1s 
referred to, we must bear in mind that that performance 
may have been a revival. 

There are four passages in the text that may help 
us in the dating. There is an allusion to the separate 
binding of the Apocrypha, a subject of discussion in the 
early days of King James’ reign as concerned both the 
Authorized Version of the Bible and the Douay Ver- 
sion, both of which were finished in 1610. That may, 
as Fleay argued, make for a date prior to 1610; but the 
discussion did not cease then, and it is possible for such 
a reference to have been written three or four years 
later, though certainly a date of 1610 would seem to 
suit it best. Next isan allusion to Jonson’s Silent Woman, 
acted 1609-10. As the chances are greatly in favor of 
such an allusion being almost contemporary, that points 
to a date of 1610, and fits in well with the probability 
raised by the reference to the Apocrypha. Next comes 
the allusion to the “cast Cleve captain.” This must refer 
to English auxiliaries in the Cleve wars, and they took 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 209 


no part in the fighting till the latter part of 1610. Dur- 
ing 1614, when active hostilities had ceased, many cap- 
tains were probably “cast”; and, after the war had been 
ended by a treaty of peace, in November, the balance 
of them would be thrown on the world. This then would 
seem to favor a date of 1614 or 1615, though it does not 
absolutely preclude one as far back as the close of 1610. 
Finally, there is the allusion, pointed out by Professor 
Gayley, to the negotiations of Don Diego Sarmiento 
for the marriage of the Infanta to Prince Charles. 
These did not begin till early in 1613, and did not 
become public property till April, 1615. We have also, 
as Thorndike has pointed out, a gird at Hamlet, a refer- 
ence to the “Mirror of Knighthood” (1602), as in The 
Knight of the Burning Pestle, an allusion to Breton’s 
“Madcap,” as in The Coxcomb, and mention of building 
a hospital, as in The Woman-hater; but these things do 
not help us very much. What is certain then is that part 
at least of the play dates not earlier than 1613, and 
probably as late as 1615. The Cleve allusion, like the 
Don Diego one, would belong to this period. The Silent 
Woman and Apocrypha references would seem, though 
less surely, to point to a version of 1610 or thereabouts. 
In any case, it looks as if the theater mentioned on the 
title-page must have been Porter’s Hall. If so, the origi- 
nal place of production may have been Whitefriars, since 
the Queen’s Revels Children went there after being 
turned out of Blackfriars. Gayley argues that, if the 
play had been in existence before March, 1612-3, it 
would have been presented at Court, like The Cox- 
comb and Cupid’s Revenge, for the Princess Elizabeth’s 
wedding festivities; and the argument seems reasonable, 


210 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


though not conclusive. We must ultimately judge of 
the dating, as of the authorship, by the internal evi- 
dence. 

All the critics agree in accepting the ascription of the 
first quarto to Beaumont and Fletcher. What is more 
conclusive evidence than that of the title-page is that 
the Stationers’ Register of March 19, 1615-6, makes 
the same attribution. Waller writes of it and The Maia’s 
Tragedy as Fletcher’s; but he is not of much authority. 
The only change I have made in my division of the play 
is to give I. 2 to Fletcher instead of to Beaumont, whose 
share of IV. 1 (referred to in “E. S.,” second article) 
consists of the first fourteen speeches. My division is 
therefore now: 


B—I, 1, Il. 1, 1V. 1a (14 speeches), V. 2 
FI—I. 2, II. 2, 3, III, IV. 1b, 2, V. 1, 3, 4 


Bullen assigns Beaumont the first two acts (apparently 
because “they are chiefly written in prose”), and Fletcher 
the larger share of the rest. Fleay makes no attempt at 
division; and Boyle leaves I. 2 and II. 1 alone, gives 
IV. 1 wholly to Fletcher, and is inclined to think II. 3 
Beaumont’s. Macaulay gives Beaumont all of Acts I and 
II and V. 2, is not quite sure that the prose opening of 
IV. 1 is Fletcher’s, and thinks III. 2 a combined effort. 
How he could fail to see that II. 2 was Fletcher’s I do 
not know. Whose else could this be? 


“These transitory toys ne’er trouble me; 
He’s in a better place, my friend; I know’t. 
Some fellows would have cried now, and have cursed thee. 
And fall’n out with their meat, and kept a pother; 
But all this helps not: He was too good for us, 
And let God keep him! 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher = 211 


There’s the right use on’t, friend. Off with thy drink: 
Thou hast a spice of sorrow makes thee dry: 
Fill him. another.” 


or this? 


“Yo. Lo. Come, my brave man of war, trace out thy darling; 
And you, my learned council, set and turn, boys; 
Kiss till the cow come home; kiss close, kiss close, knaves; 
My modern poet, thou shalt kiss in couplets. 
Strike up, you merry varlets, and leave your peeping; 
This is no pay for fiddlers. 

Capt. Oh, my dear boy, thy Hercules, thy captain, 
Makes thee his Hylas, his delight, his solace; 
Love thy brave man of war, and let thy bounty 
Clap him in shamois! Let there be deducted 
Out of our main potation five marks, 
In hatchments, to adorn this thigh, 
Cramp’d with this rest of peace, and I will fight 
Thy battles. 

Yo. Lo. Thou shalt have’t, boy, and fly in feather. 


Lead on a march, you michers.” 


It will be noticed that I differ from both Boyle and 
Macaulay in regard to only II. 3. It is, I suspect, the 
corruptness of the text that has led them to give it to 
Beaumont: it is printed almost throughout as prose but 
much of it can easily be turned into verse, and into verse 
that is clearly Fletcher’s. Is not this his? 


“Mor. Be silent, sir: 
I have no money; not a penny for you. 
He’s sunk; your master’s sunk, a perished man, sir. 
Sav. Indeed his brother’s sunk, sir; God be with him! 
A perished man, indeed, and drown’d at sea.” 


I have little doubt but that the whole or almost the 
whole scene was written in verse, although in its present 


212 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


condition not much can be made of it. (Still, there are 
in some of the Fletcher scenes passages printed rightly 
as prose, showing that he did not always use verse in the 
earlier part of his career.) We see here his mannerisms 
in the early stages of their development: there is no 
such excess of double endings, no such avoidance of 
run-on lines, and above all there are none of those singu- 
lar modes of expression that he subsequently adopted. 

This then brings me to a belief in an early date for 
the play in its first form, and that the version of 1615 
was only a revision. There are plenty of signs of altera- 
tion; but before I get on to that matter I had better 
finish what I have to say about the views of other investi- 
gators. 

Wells wrote regarding my partition, “I agree with 
you entirely”; but that was before he knew I had trans- 
ferred I. 2 from Beaumont to Fletcher; so presumably 
he now disagrees with me as to one scene. Gayley con- 
firms my “E. S.” allotment, save as to IV. 1, which he 
gives wholly to Fletcher, and III. 1, of which he says, 
“Unless the scene is Fletcher’s, revised imperfectly by 
Beaumont, it is the work of some third author,” per- 
haps Massinger. He claims that the “ye” test confirms 
Beaumont’s authorship of I. 1, 2, II. 1, V. 2. He thinks 
it not unlikely that Beaumont revised the play up to the 
end of II, and asserts, “It is the only one of the joint 
plays which he did not copy out or thoroughly revise in 
manuscript, eliminating all or nearly all of Fletcher’s 
distinctive ‘ye’s’ and ‘y’are’s,’ and reducing to uniformity 
the nomenclature of the dramatis persone.” This may 
be so; but it seems to me a somewhat perilous surmise. 
Alden differs from my present view only in regard to 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 21 3 


I. 2 and in seeing Beaumont as well as Fletcher in II. 2. 
Bond takes a radically different view, inclining to re- 
gard as Beaumont’s only I. 1 and V. 2. One may unre- 
servedly agree with him when he declares that II. 3 
cannot be Beaumont’s (I am not aware that any one but 
Boyle and Macaulay ever thought it was); but, when 
he says that there is a “strong suspicion of Massinger 
about the play, strongest perhaps in II. 1 and III. 1,” I 
can only remark that to me there seems not the slight- 
est reason for any such “suspicion.” 

The play has almost certainly undergone alteration. 
The Fletcher, though generally of early date, is not al- 
ways so, the first speech of II. 2, e.g., being an excep- 
tion. In part of III. 2 he is quite Jonsonian; V. 2 is 
very typical Beaumont; and so is the description of 
Abigail in I. 1. The wit of that opening scene is like a 
foretaste of Congreve, as in Welford’s “Bid my man 
to neglect his horse a little, to attend on me,” and as in 


“Wel, I am only allied to his virtues. 
Rog. It is modestly said.” 


There may or may not be inferences in favor of a 
theory of rewriting to be drawn from the double name 
given to the Lady’s “waiting gentlewoman”; but there 
are certainly other good reasons. One is to be found in 
the dumbness of the Tobacco-man, who never speaks 
except in chorus. The Traveller also is mute on nearly 
every occasion on which he appears. Although we are 
notified of the presence of Young Loveless’ “comrades” 
in II. 3, one is absent, for the Captain says to Young 
Loveless “We are three that will adorn thee”; and the 
Poet, evidently including Young Loveless himself, 


214 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


says, “Only we four will make a family.” The third one 
present may be either the Tobacco-man or the Traveller: 
there is no indication which. Again, in V. 2, Abigail’s 
description of her reception by the Elder Loveless does 
not tally with the facts in V. 1. Loveless did not say to 
Abigail the things she says he said; he did not men- 
tion “one whom he was bound not to leave”; and she 
could not have heard anything of the servants’ chatter, 
because at the time of her visit they did not know of 
their master’s intention. At least the part of V. 1 con- 
taining the interview between Abigail and Loveless 
would seem to be a later insertion. Also, as Gayley 
points out, Savil in I appears not only to be honest, but 
“to be designed with a view to a leading part in the 
complication; in II. 2 Fletcher reduces him to drunken- 
ness and servility.” 

In this comedy Beaumont shows no more respect for 
womankind than does his partner, to whom, however, is 
due the admirable touch of tender-hearted humanity in 
the old slut, Abigail. The story turns on the sort of 
woman-hunt that Fletcher afterwards exploited in Mon- 
sieur Thomas and Wit without Money; and it is notice- 
able that he had also the larger share in this work. His 
II. 2 contains two parallels with other work of his—“a 
bridling cast” with Women Pleased, 11. 6; and “an iron 
mill” with The Woman’s Prize, IV. 5. It is worth noting 
that this play was the first one to be printed over the 
joint names of the two friends. 


24. The Woman-hater. 


On Garrick’s copy of the anonymous first edition 
of this admirable farcical comedy, licensed for print- 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher = 215 


ing May 21, 1607, and published the same year, 
Fletcher’s name had been written, but afterwards 
scratched out, and Beaumont’s substituted. Even this 
later attribution is declared to be in an old hand—how 
old I do not know. Presumably the writer of this cor- 
rection was not without authority for it. It is to be noted 
that neither ascription provides for more than a single 
writer; and the prologue also distinctly states it to be 
the work of one man. Was that one Beaumont or 
Fletcher? The evidence before us leaves us doubtful, 
with the probabilities rather favoring Beaumont; but 
D/’avenant, who wrote a prologue for a revival, believed 
that it was Fletcher. When he says, 


‘°’'T'was he reduced Evadne from her scorn, 
And taught the sad Aspatia how to mourn; 
Gave Arethusa’s love a glad relief, 

And made Panthea elegant in grief,” 


he may leave the matter in doubt, since the dramas re- 
ferred to—T he Maia’s Tragedy, Philaster, and A King 
and no King—were all joint works; but when he says 
“Full twenty years he wore the bays” he cannot possibly 
be referring to Beaumont. As D’avenant is a fairly 
good authority, the question is left remarkably open. 
But this is not quite all the evidence: the two editions 
of 1607 were followed by one of 1648, which stated 
it to be “written by John Fletcher, Gent.,” while an edi- 
tion of 1649, which gave its title as “The Woman Hater, 
or The Hungry Courtier,” attributed it to Beaumont - 
and Fletcher jointly. This last contained the prologue 
(already referred to) written by D’avenant for his re- 
vival of the play (and published also in his “Works’’) 


216 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


and an epilogue probably also by him, but identical 
with the epilogue to The Noble Gentleman. The ques- 
tion of authorship is then a difficult one, which can only 
be decided by the internal evidence. 

The first quarto assures us it is given “as it hath beene 
lately acted by the Children of Paules,” but the ’48 and 
’49 quartos profess to give it “as it hath beene acted by 
his Majesties Servants.” Precisely when it came into the 
hands of the King’s men we do not know. The original 
production must have been prior to May 21, 1607, when 
the play was licensed for printing. Fleay thought it was 
entered in the Register immediately after its staging, 
because he took “a favorite on a sudden” to be a refer- 
ence to Robert Carr, who had attracted the King’s notice 
less than two months previously; but James’ partiality 
for the youth did not become notorious till some time 
later, so that this allusion is merely fanciful; nor is 
Fleay’s other suggestion of a reference to the flood 
of January 20, 1606-7, convincing. Thorndike gives 
good reasons for accepting a date of 1605-6. The 
prologue’s statement of the author’s intention not to 
lose his ears is probably an allusion to the peril that 
Jonson and Chapman were in as a result of the per- 
formance of Eastward Hoe in 1604-5. The parody- 
ing of Hamlet does not help us; and the apparent remi- 
niscence of Antony and Cleopatra to which Gayley 
directs attention also proves nothing. The same scholar 
gives, however, excellent reasons for believing that the 
satirizing of informers points to events of November, 
1605, and later. We may, I think, feel fairly sure of a 
date of 1605-6. (Lawrence says 1605.) The Paul’s 
boys company broke up in 1607, when half-a-dozen of 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher = 217 


their plays were licensed for publication. This was one of 
them. 

The opinions of recent critics are divided between 
allotting the play to Beaumont and Fletcher and award- 
ing it to the former alone. Macaulay declared the play 
wholly Beaumont’s, as did Fleay, after regarding it at 
one time as “nearly or quite all” Beaumont’s; while 
Boyle, after giving it to Beaumont and an unknown, 
confessed to an inclination to award it to Beaumont 
alone; but Gayley and Alden join with me in seeing 
the presence of Fletcher also; and so does Wells, who 
writes, “I agree with you that there are bits of Fletcher 
in the scenes specified by you.” Professor R. H. Case, 
in an article in the “Quarterly Review” of January, 
1914, shows himself of the same opinion, remarking, 
“Oriana has the daring and initiative, the insensitiveness 
to blackguard language characteristic of the more promi- 
nent Fletcher type of maiden, and is as persistent in her 
whimsical pursuit of the misogynist as is her namesake 
in her serious pursuit of Mirabel in The Wild-goose 
Chase.” So far as I am aware, Chelli is the only later 
critic who has pronounced in favor of Beaumont alone. 

My own view still is that Fletcher’s part in it is so 
smal] that it is easy to understand its being called a one- 
man play. As before, I find him only in two scenes. In 
III. 1 he seems to have worked over Beaumont’s origi- 
nal, adding coarsening passages. The two speeches fol- 
lowing Oriana’s first entry, the four-line speech ending 
“The sullen strains of my neglected love,” the fifteen 
speeches preceding the Duke’s exit, and the final ten 
speeches are Beaumont’s contribution; the song may be 
attributable to either of the partners; and the rest of 


218 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


the scene is Fletcher’s. In V. 5 Fletcher is responsible 
only for the eleven speeches ending “Oh, that this brunt 
were over!” In III. 1 the coarseness of 


“Mine eyes look’d babies in, and my nose blowed to my hand” 


reminds us of Fletcher; and it is difficult to regard as 
any one else’s such lines as 


“Sing till thou crack thy treble-string in pieces, 
And, when thou hast done, put up thy pipes and walk.” 


The Fletcher part of the final scene contains about 50 
per cent of double endings, which is much higher than 
in any other part of the play. 

Alden’s only disagreement with me is that he gives 
Fletcher a share in V. 2; while Gayley differs from me 
only in crediting Fletcher with IV. 2, as far as Oriana’s 
entry, and with practically the whole of V. 5; III. 1 he 
regards as a Fletcherian revision of Beaumont’s work 
as far as the Duke’s entry, the remainder being wholly 
Beaumont’s. He arrives at these conclusions mainly on 
verse-tests and the “ye” test. 

In III. 3 we have a line, 


“Sirnamed ‘gentle’ for your fair demean,” 
that might figure in The Knight of the Burning Pestle. 
In IV. 1 we have the construction 


“He that confesses he did once dissemble, 
I?ll never trust his words”; 


and, in V. 2, 
“He that began so worthily, 


It fits not with his resolution 
To leave off thus.” 


Similar constructions are met with in The Coxcomb. 


\ 


Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher 2.19 


Beaumont’s scorn of the public in I. 3 may be com- 
pared with the defense of courtiers in the prologue. 
. . . His attack on intelligencers fits in with the story 
of Beaumont and Fletcher being arrested on a charge 
of high treason. . . . Who is the person addressed in 
the latter part of the opening speech of III. 3? ... The 
pronunciation of the name Gondarino appears to be vari- 
able. . . . The real innocence of Oriana, as shown in 
II. 1, is sufficient to prove her not to be Fletcher’s crea- 
tion. . . . In that scene note also how the characters 
are explained—deliberately explained—instead of being 
allowed to express themselves naturally. . . . The play 
displays Beaumont’s two styles of burlesque, that in 
which the absurdity consists in the vulgarity and in- 
appropriateness of the language employed, and that in 
which it is the subject, not the language, that is ridicu- 
lous. Sometimes it rises to genuine satire, as in II. 1, 
where Lazarillo is taught to speak poetically. One may 
note too Beaumont’s tendency to rant when indulging 
in “fine writing.” These matters are worth pointing out 
because of the importance of this play to any one wishing 
to differentiate between the two partners. 

As the critics are all agreed, even in detail, as to 
the authorship of A King and no King, I undertook a 
comparison of III. 1 of that play with V. 2 of this, to 
see what variation they showed in Beaumont’s verse 
characteristics. I tried some thirty-five or thirty-six dif- 
ferent tests, and obtained some strange results. The pro- 
portion of end-stopt and run-on lines, of stressed end- 
ings, of excessive feminine endings (to total feminine 
endings), of medial breathings (especially on the third 
foot), and of breathings on unstressed syllables shows 


220 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


little variation; but some of the other tests exhibit great 
divergencies. Thus, the percentage of lines carrying ana- 
pests is 17.2 in the Woman-hater scene, and only 3.6 
in the scene from A King and no King; and other star- 
tling differences are: divided short lines, 6.7: 19; short 
lines, forming complete speeches, mil: 38.1; divided 
lines, 6.6: 17.3; single-line speeches, 16.7: 52.4; un- 
stressed endings, 17.6: 7.6; detached speeches, 46.7: 
20.4; single-line detached speeches, 40: 13; improperly 
run-on lines (percentage of total run-on), 12.5: 2.6; 
main pauses on first foot (percentage of total medial 
main pauses), vil: 13.8. It seems to me that if one is 
to rely on verse-tests he must consider all these and 
others. One must expect divergencies, but they should 
not (if the plays compared are of the one period and 
the one authorship) exceed in number the close resem- 
blances. These results serve to show what I have re- 
marked elsewhere, the extreme variability of Beau- 
mont’s style. 


Plays Wholly by Fletcher and Massinger. 


GROUP eleven plays under this heading. Other 

critics would add Beggars? Bush; and some would 
include The Two Noble Kinsmen. The eleven are prac- 
tically unquestioned. 


25. Barnavelt. 


This fine tragedy is in neither folio, but fortunately 
has descended to us in MS. It was acted by the King’s 
men in August, 1619, among the actors being Rice, 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.21 


Robinson,” G. Lowin, Holcombe, Birch, (?) Tooley, 
Pollard, and R. Gough. Though the names of Robin- 
son, Holcombe, Birch, and Pollard are given only in 
abbreviated form, and Tooley figures merely as “Nick,” 
there can be no real doubt regarding any of them. The 
external evidence of authorship is mil; but critics are 
agreed in attributing the play to Fletcher and Massinger. 
When it is considered that it shows the peculiarities of 
both these authors very plainly, that they frequently 
wrote together, that they had just written (with Field) 
a play ona kindred subject (the lost Jeweller of Amster- 
dam, which is credited to the three men in a Stationers’ 
Register entry of April 8, 1654, and was, it is safe to 
assume, written immediately after the death of Wely in 
1619), that, as the date of production shows that the 
work must have been begun almost immediately after 
the execution of Barnavelt, it may be reckoned a piece 
of job work, such as would necessarily be given to the 
recognized poets of the company, and that Fletcher and 
Massinger were the company’s poets at that date, it must 
be acknowledged that there is not much likelihood of 
the critics being wrong, even though the folio of 1647 
claimed to include all the unpublished Fletcher plays 
save The Wild-goose Chase. The fact of the play’s 
suppression, even though that was eventually overcome, 
has been thought to account for its omission, but does 
not really do so. There are other plays, both extant and 
lost, also missing from the collection. 

1 Miss Frijlinck considers that “Rob” stands for Robert Benfield; 
but Ostler’s successor would not have been playing a couple of minor 


parts. With the exception of Gough, the actors named are only those 
playing small parts. 


222 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


I have made no alteration in my “E. S.” division of 
the play, save in the trifling respect that I begin the 
Fletcher portion of V. 1 with the departure of the am- 
bassadors instead of with the entry of Barnavelt, thus 
coming into line with Dr. Frijlinck. My allotment is 
then: 

M—I. 1-2, II. 1, III. 2, 5, 1V. 7-8, V. 1a, ¢ 

FI—I. 3, Il. 2-7, Ill. 1, 4, 6, IV. 1-6, V. 1b (from the departure 

of the ambassadors to the exit of Barnavelt), 2, 3 
On III. 3, I venture no opinion. It is a very short scene 
with no certain signs of either Fletcher or Massinger. 
As it is an insertion, it may be the work of neither. It 
may be noted that I now divide IV into eight scenes, 
instead of five, as formerly; and that II. 7 is not treated 
as a separate scene in the MS. Boyle’s allotment varied 
from mine in giving III. 3 to Massinger and all of 
V. 1 from the Provost’s entry to Fletcher; but he would 
say no more of II. 3-7 than that these scenes were 
“probably” Fletcher’s. Bullen gave his opinion on only 
a few scenes (III. 1, 2, part of 6, IV. 8, V. 1, 3), not, 
I think, very successfully, since he considered III. 6 
Massinger’s and gave him the whole of V. 1 also. Fleay 
first credited the play to Fletcher, Massinger, and Field, 
but later dropped Field. Swinburne considered II wholly 
the work of Massinger, expressed no view regarding 
IV. 7, and allotted to Fletcher III. 3 and the close of 
V. 1. Cruickshank has stated his view as to only some 
scenes, meaning probably that the others (I. 1, 2, II. 
1, III. rb, 4, IV. 1-7, V. 2-3) are to be considered 
Fletcher’s. He admits, somewhat hesitatingly, a third 
hand, to whom he concedes I. 3, II. 2-7, III. 1a (to 
“will ripen”), 3, and V. 1 to “Exeunt Wife and Daugh- 


| Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.23 


ter.” As he considers III. 5 and IV. 8 “unworthy of 
Massinger,” he probably means them also to be taken 
as Fletcher’s; but elsewhere he declares the latter scene 
to be Massinger’s. He endorses Bullen’s view that Mas- 
singer wrote III. 2, 6, IV. 8 and V.1 (from “Exeunt 
Wife and Daughter”). Miss Frijlinck’s division is iden- 
tical with mine, even to her thinking that III. 3 is doubt- 
ful and may perhaps be an interpolation by a third hand. 
(She credits me, by the way, with declaring it to be by 
neither Fletcher nor Massinger; but I was not quite so 
definite.) Mr. G. C. Moore Smith applied one or two 
ordinary tests, which confirmed this division, and directs 
attention to vocabulary testimony pointing in the same 
direction. Finally, Mr. Dugdale Sykes, regarding III. 6 
as “chiefly by Fletcher” and IV. 7 as “mainly, if not 
wholly,” by Massinger, differs from me only in classing 
III. 3 with the former, and V. 1 with the latter. 
Barnavelt has evidently undergone some alteration, 
though probably nothing of consequence. The final dia- 
logue in I. r is not like Massinger, but is presumably 
his. As the attribution of this play to Fletcher and Mas- 
singer rests entirely on the internal evidence, I may 
direct attention to a slight proof that has to the best of 
my belief never been pointed out. In II. 2 there enter 
four unnamed Dutchwomen. Among the Elizabethan 
dramatists Fletcher seems to have had an almost unique 
fondness for unnamed quartets. Thus, in Cupid’s Re- 
venge (IV. 3) he has four citizens; in Thierry (V. 1) 
four soldiers; in The Spanish Curate (III.2) four 
parishioners; and in The Pilgrim four beggars and four 
peasants; nor are these by any means the only instances 
of this tendency. The introduction of these four un- 


224 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


named women may then be taken as in some slight de- 
gree confirmatory of Fletcher’s authorship. As Fletcher 
wrote little prose, it is worth while to point out that he 
begins V. 2 with it. 


26. The Custom of the Country. 


First printed in the folio of 1647, this comedy was 
acted by the same men as are named as the performers 
in Women Pleased and The Little French Lawyer. It 
was therefore a King’s men’s play, and indeed the com- 
pany presented it at Court in November, 1628. Its first 
production cannot have been later than 1623, since 
Egglestone and Tooley were among the actors, while 
the absence of the names of Condell and Field is 
against a date prior to 1619. As it does not figure in 
Herbert’s Office-book, the period is further narrowed 
to 1619-22, though Lawrence dates it 1623. It is 
founded on Cervantes’ “Persiles y Sigismunda” (1616), 
of which a French translation appeared two years later, 
and an English translation was entered in the Sta- 
tioners’ Register on February 22, 1618-9. As Massin- 
ger, one of the authors, was writing for the Red Bull in 
October, 1620, we are not likely to be far out if we 
date it earlier in that year. The prologue ascribes it to 
more than one author; and, with two exceptions, no critic 
doubts that it is the work of Fletcher and Massinger. 
These two exceptions are Ward, who is sure of Fletcher, 
but not sure of another author, and Cruickshank, who 
thinks that “if Massinger had any share in this play, he 
may have given hints or added touches in connection 
with Hippolyta and Duarte. The simplest supposition is 
that he edited the play for a revival.” Wells, on the con- 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.2.5 


trary, thinks it was originally by Fletcher and Massinger, 
but “has been subjected to a subsequent revision by 
Massinger.” 
My division is: 
FI—I, III. 1-3, IV. 3-5, V. 5b 
M—IlI, III. 4-5, IV. 1-2, V. 1-5a, c 


The only change from my former assignment is in the 
final scene, which I formerly gave wholly to Fletcher. I 
now regard the opening and closing portions of the 
scene (the first six speeches, and from “Man. Now ’tis 
a wedding again”) as Massinger’s. There are certain 
Fletcherian characteristics in the first seven speeches and 
the closing lines of II. 3; but I still give that scene to 
Massinger; and so too I still concede Massinger the 
whole of III. 5, though it is only the final dialogue that 
is really like him. I once thought there might be a few 
lines of Fletcher’s in V. 1; but I think the suspicion was 
unwarranted. Massinger penned the original prologue, 
and perhaps the epilogue. Others were substituted for a 
revival. It may be mentioned that in Act IV I begin a 
new scene at “Enter Rutilio with a night-cap.” My 
allotment was identical with Boyle’s before I altered my 
view regarding the last scene. Macaulay agrees in giving 
part of V. 5 to Massinger, and coincides in regard to the 
other scenes. The work was very evenly apportioned 
between the two writers, Fletcher opening and doing 
most of the closing of the play, and writing the scenes 
in the male stews, while Massinger took the Duarte 
scenes, and the rest of the play was divided between 
them. 

There are a few parallels in the play that all accord 


226 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


with the allotment made. “To-morrow’s a new day” 
(IV. 4) occurs also in a Fletcher scene of The Night- 
walker (II. 3). “Du cat a whee” (I. 2) occurs also in 
The Night-walker as well as in the Fletcherian Mon- 
sieur Thomas; and the line 


“Virtue is never wounded, but I suffer” (I. 1), 


recalls a passage in Philaster, 


“When any falls from virtue, I’m distracted: 
I have an interest in it.” 


So too “at your devotion” (II. 2) is paralleled by “at 
his devotion” (The Double Marriage, I. 1, and Love’s 
Cure, I. 1, both Massinger scenes); and a rather re- 
markable resemblance is that between 


“Joined again the scattered limbs 
Of torn Hippolytus” (II. 1) 


and a line in Massinger’s Duke of Milan, V. 2, 
“Joined the limbs of torn Hippolytus.” 


27. The Double Marriage. 


This play, also first published in the folio of 1647, 
was acted by the King’s men, the chief performers be- 
ing Taylor, Benfield, Underwood, Birch, Lowin, Robin- 
son, Tooley, and Sharpe. Taylor’s presence implies a 
date of not earlier than 1619; and the play’s absence 
from Herbert’s Office-book, a date prior to May, 1622. 
Like all other critics, save Cruickshank (who thinks it 
contains no Massinger), I divide it between Fletcher 
and Massinger, my allotment being as follows: 

M—I, Ill. 1b, 2b (nine speeches preceding Virolet’s entry), 

Vit, Se* Var Sy a 


FI—II, Il. 1a (first seventeen speeches), 2a, c, 3, IV. 3, 4, V. 1, 2 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.27 


The alterations in my allotment are trivial. I no longer 
see any overwriting of Fletcher in the opening part 
of III. 1, the opening and closing parts of III. 2, the 
opening part of III. 3, or the opening part of V..1; 
and the final dialogue of IV. 3 and the commence- 
ment of V. 2 I award to Fletcher instead of to Mas- 
singer. One may note that Ferrand’s first speech in 
V. 3 is very Fletcherian; but I still regard that scene 
as Massinger’s. In Act V, I begin a new scene with the 
bringing in of Ferrand’s head. 

Though, as will be noted, I have abandoned the 
idea that Massinger is to be seen overwriting much of 
Fletcher’s work, I still think that he revised the play. 
My original view that this was to be regarded not “as 
a joint work of Fletcher and Massinger’s, but as one 
originally by Fletcher, altered after his death by Mas- 
singer,” was followed later by Fleay, and has been 
adopted by Chelli; but I am not quite so sure now 
that Massinger was not concerned in the original ver- 
sion. I note too that Mr. William Wells, who wrote 
me, “I agree with your surmise that Massinger did not 
participate in the first version of this play,” in a later 
communication seems to see Massinger in both writings. 

Boyle differs in giving to Fletcher I. 2 and IV.1 
and to Massinger the whole of III. 1. Bullen only goes 
so far as to accord Massinger I. 1, and (?) some scenes 
in IV and V. Macaulay gives Massinger I, III. 1, IV. 1, 
2, V. 2, 3; and Fletcher the other scenes. That Fletcher’s 
hand is to be perceived in III. 1 should be evident from 
the following: 

“To be made 
The common butt for every slave to shoot at! 


228 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


No rest, no peace I take, but their alarums 

Beat at my heart! Why do I live, or seek then 

To add a day more to these glorious troubles? 

Or to what end, when all I can arrive at 

Is but the summing up of fears and sorrows? 

What power has my command, when from my bosom 
Ascanio, my most dear and loved Ascanio, 

Was snatch’d, ’spite of my will, ’spite of my succour, 
And by mine own proud slave retain’d most miserable? 
And still that villain lives to nip my pleasures, 

It being not within my power to reach him”; 


and that Massinger’s hand may be found in the other 
scenes the following may serve to show: 


“Cast. Oh, majesty! let others think of Heaven, 
While I contemplate thee. 

Vil. This is not atheism, 
But court observance. 

Cast. Now the god appears, 
Usher’d with earthquakes. 

Vil. Base idolatry!” 

(I. 2.) 
“Thou wonder of thy sex, and of this nation! 

Thou hast changed my severity to mercy, 
Not to thyself alone, but to thy people, 
In which I do include these men, my enemies. 
Unbind them. 

Pan. This is strange. 

Ferr. For your intent 
Against my life, which you dare not deny, 
I only ask one service. 

Cam. Above hope!” 

(152.) 
“All that are taken in assemblies, 

Their houses and their wives, their wealths, are forfeit; 
Their lives at your devotion.” 


(III. 2.) 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 229 


“We would fall willing sacrifices. 
Duke. To rise up 
Most glorious martyrs.” 
(IV. 1.) 
“As you see me begin, 
With all care imitate. 
Gun. We are instructed.” 


(LV ..0.) 


Note too (in I. 2) the weak and vapid “she does de- 
ride me,” which is so characteristic of Massinger, and 
the description by Ferrand of his enemy, Virolet, as 


“Virtuous and wise, 


A lover of his freedom and his country’s.” 


That is Massinger praising his hero, rather than the 
wicked tyrant speaking of his virtuous foe. 
In “E. S.” I quoted, from III. 3, as a Massinger pas- 
sage, 
“P11 speak it, though I burst; 
And, though the air had ears and serv’d the tyrant, 
Out it should go!” 


and so it is in style; but there is nothing else in the 
scene to recall Massinger, so I concede it to Fletcher, as 
it is all too little to build on. The short Massinger in- 
sertion in III. 2 is characteristic of his revisory methods. 
The phrase “at your devotion” is paralleled in I. 1 and, 
as already pointed out, occurs also in The Custom of 
the Country. 

In II. 1 we have “looking” used in the sense of 
“looking for,” as twice in The Faithful Shepherdess, 
and as in III.1 (a Fletcher scene) of The Night- 
walker also. The name Ascanio is found also in Four 


Plays in One (The Triumph of Love), The Spanish 


230 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Curate, and Massinger’s Bashful Lover. In III. 3 one 
Rossana is mentioned. Was this a character in Fletcher’s 
play, omitted by Massinger in revision? 


28. The Elder Brother. 


Entered to Waterson in the Stationers’ Register in 
1636-7, this comedy was printed in 1637 “for J. W. 
and J. B.” as by Fletcher. Moseley, who brought out a 
“second edition, corrected and amended,” in 1651," 
attributed it to Beaumont and Fletcher; but a quarto 
of 1661 returned to the ascription to Fletcher alone. 
An edition of 1678, however, again associated Beau- 
mont’s name with Fletcher’s. The play also exists in a 
MS. version (in the British Museum) which displays 
differences from the printed text. The quartos agree in 
describing it as acted by the King’s men at the Black- 
friars. All the evidence for Beaumont’s connection with 
the play has been mentioned already; but there is much 
more for Fletcher. The old cataloguers give it to him; 
Hills speaks of him as having at least a share in it; 
and Waterson, in transferring it, Te Two Noble Kins- 
men, and Monsieur Thomas to Moseley in October, 
1646, described them all as “by Mr. Fflesher”; but of 
more importance than all these together is the claim of 
the prologue that it was a posthumous production of 
Fletcher’s.* As, however, its name does not appear in 
Herbert’s Office-book, we may conclude that it was 

*It contains an additional speech of four words in IV. 4, and an- 
other of three in V. z—both manifest interpolations. 

= “You shall hear Fletcher in it, his true strain 

And neat expressions. Living, he did gain 


Your good opinions, but now, dead, commends 
This orphan to the care of noble friends.” 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.31 


written many years before, probably for another com- 
pany, and that the King’s men, producing it after the 
author’s death, were not unwilling that it should be 
thought a new play. That it was not licensed about the 
end of 1625 under another name seems to be shown by 
the fact that “The Elder Brother’? appears to have been 
Fletcher’s own title for it (see Acts II and III). I am 
still inclined to think that it was written by Fletcher 
about 1614° for the Lady Elizabeth’s (for the Fletcher 
portions of the play seem to me to be in a compara- 
tively early style), and that it was rewritten by Mas- 
singer for the King’s. The epilogue, which seems to 
be by the same hand as the prologue and written pre- 
sumably for the same occasion, distinguishes carefully 
between the “author” and the “poet”;* the one is the 
contriver of the play, the writer of it in its original 
form; the other is the reviser of it, the regular play- 
wright of the company. There can therefore be no 
reasonable doubt that there are two hands to be found 
in the play. Every one is agreed as to the identity of 
those two. 
My division of the play is unaltered, standing thus: 

M—I, V. ta, c, 2 

FI—II-IV. 

F] and M—V. 1b (from Mir’s, entry to And’s.) 


8 This is also Lawrence’s date for it. 

. “Tis not the hands or smiles or common way 
Of approbation to a well-liked play 
We only hope; but that you freely would 
To th’ author’s memory so far unfold 
And show your loves and liking to his wit, 
Not in your praise but often seeing it, 
That being the grand assurance that can give 
The poet and the player means to live.” 


232 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The prologue and epilogue are Massinger’s. I date his 
work before November, 1633, for the reason that oper- 
ates in the case of Love’s Cure, which see. 

Fleay considered the play Fletcher’s, “prepared for 
the stage” by another, “probably Massinger.” He after- 
wards declared the revision to be Massinger’s “Ora- 
tor, or The Noble Choice.” Bullen thought it was 
“probably revised and completed by Massinger after 
Fletcher’s death.” Boyle’s division differed from mine 
only in giving Massinger the whole of V.1; while 
Fleay’s varied only in giving the entire last act to 
Fletcher. Macaulay, adopting Boyle’s division, declared 
that Massinger did not revise the play, but codperated 
with Fletcher. Greg’s much more reasonable view is 
that the work was left unfinished by Fletcher, and that 
it was completed by Massinger not much before 1637. 
His division differs from mine only in that he sees no 
Fletcher in V. 1 and that he does not concede to him 
the conclusion of the final scene from “Amd. And be- 
ware.” Cruickshank considers that Massinger wrote the 
greater part of I and V, adding “I doubt if he wrote 
V. 2.” Wells writes me, “I agree with the view that the 
play was originally entirely Fletcher’s.” This is also 
Chelli’s opinion. Gayley considers Massinger’s share 
fully as important as Fletcher’s. 

Greg has applied the “’em-them” test, and finds 
that in Massinger’s part there are five of the former, 
twelve of the latter, the figures in the Fletcher part be- 
ing twenty-five and nine respectively. This might seem 
significant were it not that in Massinger’s Maid of 
Flonour “them” occurs only thrice, and “em” thirty 
times, thus contradicting these figures for that drama- 


‘Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 233 


tist. The “you-ye” test suggested by M’Kerrow gives 
the following percentages: Massinger, “you,” 89.5; 
“ye,” 2.13-“y’,” 8.4; Fletcher, 72.7; 17.3; 10. In The 
Maid of Honour “you” occurs 384 times, “y’,” once, 
and “ye,” not at all; while in The Spanish Curate, 
though there are 275 instances of the occurrence of 
“ye,” only four of them are in Massinger’s part. Greg 
points out that “Wave made a fair hand on’t” (I. 2) 
is a phrase which also occurs in The Maid of Honour, 
IV. 2; that “smock-vermin” (used for loose women in 
ITI. 2) occurs also in The Maid of Honour ina slightly 
different sense; and that “I much pity you” (I. 2) is 
paralleled in I. 1 of the same play (“I much thank 
you”), though I doubt if this construction is a peculiarity 
of Massinger’s. There is, as I pointed out in “E. S.,” a 
curious similarity between a passage in Fletcher’s IV. 4 
and one in III. 2 of Massinger’s Duke of Milan. The 


former goes, 


“And had been quite shot through, ’tween wind and water, 
By a she-Dunkirk, and had sprung a leak, sir’’; 


and the latter, 


“With a she-Dunkirk that was shot before 
Between wind and water; and he hath sprung a leak too,” 


It has been assumed that this was lifted into The Elder 
Brother by Massinger from his own play, which dates 
1621 or 1622 (as Professor T. W. Baldwin has con- 
clusively shown in his edition of it); but the passage 
has—in fact, both passages have—rather a Fletcherian 
than a Massingerian appearance and tone. It may be 
therefore that Massinger copied it into The Duke of 


234 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Milan from Fletcher. In this connection, it has to be 
borne in mind that Beaumont has, in Philaster, 


“The wench has shot him between wind and water, 
And, I hope, sprung a leak” (IV. 1) 


29. The False One. 


This admirable tragedy, which has never had justice 
done it, because it enters into competition with work of 
Shakespeare’s, was printed in the folio of 1647, but was 
not entered in the Stationers’ Register till June 29, 
1660, a peculiarity which it shares with four other plays 
—T he Nice Valour, Wit at several Weapons, The Fair 
Maid of the Inn, and Four Plays in One—as well as the 
Masque. It is not in the King’s men’s list of 1641, but 
was undoubtedly a King’s play, the chief actors in it 
being Lowin, Underwood, Benfield, Sharpe, Taylor, 
Tooley, Rice, and Birch. All that is to be said of the 
date of production is that it is later than The Humorous 
Lieutenant, in which Condell acted, and earlier than 
May, 1622, because it is not entered in Herbert’s Office- 
book. It thus stands in the same line with The Double 
Marriage, The Custom of the Country, The Little 
French Lawyer, and what I hold to be a revised ver- 
sion of Women Pleased. Let us see if we can come a 
little nearer to the dating of these five plays. 

From 1616 to 1619 Fletcher produced or helped to 
produce Thierry and T heodoret (probably a second ver- 
sion), The Queen of Corinth, The Loyal Subject, The 
Knight of Malta, The Mad Lover, The Humorous 
Lieutenant, The Jeweller of Amsterdam, and Barna- 
velt, and perhaps also a version of The Laws of Candy 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.35 


which has not come down to us and the first version of 
A Very Woman. From 1619 to 1622 he was turning 
out plays either alone or in collaboration with others at 
the rate of four a year. We know of three plays that 
may be allotted to 1621 (The Pilgrim, what was prob- 
ably a revised version of The Wild-goose Chase, and 
The Island Princess), and four (a version of Beggars?’ 
Bush, The Prophetess, The Sea-voyage, and The Span- 
ish Curate) that appeared in 1622. In 1623, he shows 
signs of slackening off, The Maid in the Mill, The 
Devil of Dowgate, and The Wandering Lovers being, 
so far as we know, his only contributions that year. In 
1624 the slackening becomes more marked, A Wife for 
a Month and Rule a Wife alone standing to his credit. 
For aught we know to the contrary, he did nothing 
from October, 1624, when Rule a Wife was produced, 
till his death in August, 1625. I am not aware that 
the suggestion has ever been made, but I think it not 
at all unlikely that Rule a Wife marked the end of his 
dramatic career. If so, he completed it worthily. 

If, then, Fletcher was turning out four plays a year, 
and we find him probably fully occupied in 1619 and 
all but fully occupied in 1621, the five plays I am now 
considering, dating, as they do, not earlier than 1619 
and not later than May, 1622, must, it seems to me, 
belong to the years 1620 and 1621, four of them to 
the former, and one to the latter. Massinger late in the 
year 1620 was engaged on The Virgin Martyr for the 
Red Bull company, and was, I take it, away from King’s 
during the whole of 1621, since Fletcher then worked 
alone. I therefore date The Double Marriage, The 
False One, The Custom of the Country, and The Little 


236 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


French Lawyer, 1620, and Women Pleased, 1621. Law- 
rence agrees with me as to only the first-named two. 

There need be no doubt about the presence of more 
than a single writer in The False One, since both the 
prologue and the epilogue assign it to more than one 
author. Rogers and Ley’s catalogue credits the play to 
Beaumont; and the Stationers’ Register entry of 1660, 
to Beaumont and Fletcher; but all critics are agreed 
that Fletcher’s partner was Massinger, even Ward, 
who at first declared for Fletcher and Rowley, coming 
later to admit Massinger’s presence. Like Fleay, Boyle, 
Bullen, and Macaulay, I award Massinger (who is re- 
sponsible also for the prologue and epilogue) the first 
and last acts, giving Fletcher the other three. My allot- 
ment is thus unchanged. Cruickshank alone dissents, giv- 
ing Massinger I and “a good deal of” IV and V, and 
declaring that “there is hardly a scene, except the masque 
in III. 4, which reads like Fletcher’s unaided work.” 
But, despite the almost complete unanimity of the crit- 
ics, there is one argument to be brought against their 
finding: More gives figures for the use of “you” and 
“ve,” showing that in the first act “you” scores 55, and 
“ye” nothing at all; in II, the numbers are 61 to 3; 
and, in V, 30 to 1; while III has 34 to 36; and IV, 47 
to 45. By this test, then, II should go to Massinger 
instead of to Fletcher. It may be that he went through 
the entire act, altering Fletcher’s “ye” to “you,” for 
that Fletcher is present in II needs no demonstration. 

The Fletcherian use of “decline” as equal to “lower” 
(as in Valentinian and Rule a Wife) is found in II. 1; 
a Crawford pointed out a parallel between a passage 
in V. 4— 


‘Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.37 


“And, as inspired by him, his following friends, 
With such a confidence as young eaglets prey 
Under the large wing of their fiercer dam, 

Brake through our troops”— 


and one in Massinger’s Picture— 


“My soldiers, like young eaglets preying under 
The wings of their fierce dams, as if from him 
They took both spirit and fire, came bravely on.” 


Both passages are, as Mr. Crawford showed, indebted 
to Sidney’s “Arcadia” (“Borrowing some of his spirit, 
they went like young eagles to the prey under the wings 
of their dams’’). 


30. The Little French Lawyer. 


That this comedy was produced by the King’s men 
in or about 1620’ admits of no doubt. It was presented 
by the same men as played in The Custom of the Coun- 
try and Women Pleased. The critics agree that it fol- 
lowed the former and preceded the latter. It is in the 
King’s list of 1641. There is no external evidence as 
to its authorship, save that Archer’s catalogue attributes 
it to Beaumont and Fletcher; but the critics are unani- 
mous in awarding it to Fletcher and Massinger. That 
it is a joint work is shown by both the prologue and 
the epilogue, which I give, as before, to Massinger. My 
division of the play is unaltered, as follows: 


M—1, Ill. 1, 3, IV. 5, 6a, 72 (to Dinant’s entry), V. 1b, 3 
FI—II, III. 2, 4,2 IV. 1-4, 6b (from La Writ’s entry), 7b, V. 1a 
(to Charlotte’s entry), 2 


1 Lawrence dates it 1619. 
2I now reckon Dyce’s III. 4 and 5 as one scene. 


238 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Some of I. 1 is mildly Fletcherian in manner; but I 
still regard it as Massinger’s. My only difference with 
Fleay is in regard to the opening portion of V. 3, which 
he considers Fletcher’s. With Boyle I am at variance in 
that he gives III. 3, IV. 5, and the whole of IV. 6 to 
Fletcher. Bullen sees Massinger’s hand in I and occa- 
sionally in III and V. Gayley thinks Massinger’s con- 
tribution fully as important as Fletcher’s. Rosenbach, 
I understand, sees Beaumont’s hand. I can discover no 
indication of him. Cruickshank declares that “Massinger 
can be traced at the beginning of I.1 and in III. 1 
and IV. 5,” and then commits himself to the extraordi- 
nary view that “The resemblances are rather slight, and 
it is possible that they are due to the fact that Fletcher 
occasionally imitated Massinger.” Elsewhere he says 
that Massinger revised the play for subsequent per- 
formance. Macaulay gives Massinger I, II]. 1, and V. 
tbj-and Fletcher, I], IL] 2, 3, 1V;-V.2a,;2j 3: 

Close resemblances to I. 5 and IV. 2 of The Parlia- 
ment of Love are to be seen in I. 1 and II. 1, a fact 
which tells somewhat against the attribution of these two 
scenes to two several authors. It may also be not without 
significance that the names of Cleremont, Dinant, La- 
mira, and Beaupré are given to characters in Massinger’s 
play as well as to persons in this play. Cleremont occurs 
again in Philaster and The Noble Gentleman, and La- 
mira in The Honest Man’s Fortune; while, as Mr. Cyril 
Brett has pointed out, there is a Charlotte in the last- 
named play, as here, and a Verdone in The Bloody 
Brother. 

Fletcher uses “basta” in IV. 1 as in The Mad Lover 
and Rule a Wife; but the expression is not uncommon. 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 239 


I may point out a singular fact regarding IV. 5. Mas- 
singer begins the scene with eight persons on the stage; 
and by the time the eighth speech is finished they have 
all spoken. Some dramatists seem anxious to have every 
one on the stage speak as soon as possible; but I know 
no other instance quite equal to this. 

The closing couplet is almost duplicated in the closing 
couplet of The Sea-voyage, also by Massinger. 


31. The Lovers Progress. 


This capital play is an illustration of the fact that 
the text 1s not necessarily that which was presented by 
the actors who are listed as having performed in it. 
These are in this case Taylor, Benfield, Pollard, Birch, 
Lowin, Underwood, Sharpe, and Thompson, showing 
- that it was a King’s men’s play’ of about the end of 
1623 or the beginning of 1624, after the death of 
Tooley in 1623 and prior to the death of Underwood 
in 1624, the absence of Egglestone’s name and the 
presence of Sharpe’s telling the same tale. If, however, 
the play had been first produced then, it would appear 
in Herbert’s Office-book, whereas nothing of this name 
does. But on December 6, 1623, a play of Fletcher’s was 
licensed for the King’s; and, as this play bore the similar 
and altogether appropriate title of “The Wandering 
Lovers,” it is hardly to be doubted that it was the 
original version of the play which has come down to 
us as The Lover's Progress, especially as the prologue 
and epilogue expressly declare it to be an alteration of 
Fletcher by another dramatist. 


1 It is also in the company’s list of 1641. 


240 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


There would probably be no doubt of this at all had 
the question not been needlessly confused by Mose- 
ley’s entry in the Stationers’ Register on September 9, 
1653, of a play called “The Wandering Lovers, or 
The Painter,” which he attributed to Massinger. At- 
tempts have been made to identify this with The Lover’s 
Progress, despite the fact that the latter contains no 
painter. (Fleay’s reference to a speech of Alcidon’s in 
IV. 4 gets us nowhere.) As I have already stated, under 
the heading “False Attributions,” Moseley’s purpose 
was to enter two plays for a single fee so that The 
Painter is not to be regarded as identical with The 
Wandering Lovers. The latter is hardly likely to have 
been the same as The Lover’s Progress, already pub- 
lished in the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio; but it 
may have been Fletcher’s original version, as, indeed, 
the name would seem to imply. 

The supposition that Massinger’s play, though only 
a recast, would have been licensed is responsible for the 
attempt to identify The Lovers Progress with a tragedy 
of Massinger’s entitled “Cleander,” licensed May 7, 
1634, and acted the same month at Blackfriars. For no 
better reason than that a Cleander is prominent in this 
play, Fleay and Bullen identify the play of that name 
with both it and The Wandering Lovers. Dyce much 
more sagaciously pointed out that “The Tragedy of 
Cleander” doubtless treated of the Cleander who was 
an officer of Alexander the Great and who was put to 
death for offering violence to a noble virgin. More- 
over, The Lover's Progress can scarcely be called a 
tragedy, although Cleander is killed in Act IV. In all 
probability, Massinger’s revision of Fletcher’s work was 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.41 


never licensed, not being regarded as a new play. Be- 
yond Moseley’s entry of The Wandering Lovers as 
Massinger’s, there is nothing to connect that dramatist 
with this play, which Archer’s catalogue gives to Beau- 
mont and Fletcher. 

There can, nevertheless, be no question of Massinger’s 
being the revising poet. All critics are agreed upon that, 
the only one to express any doubt on the subject being 
Schelling, who awards the play to Fletcher and Massin- 
ger (“or perhaps Shirley”). Lawrence says of Massin- 
ger, “Either he revised The Lover’s Progress or that 
play is to be identified with The Wandering Lovers of 
1623, in which case he was a collaborator,” whereas I 
am convinced that the two plays are identifiable, but that 
Fletcher and Massinger did wot collaborate. A later note 
by the same scholar says: “In the prologue the play is 
spoken of as an old play of Fletcher’s. Massinger might 
have been the reviser; but there are distinct traces of a 
third hand in the play—a hand inferior to Massinger’s. 
Note the bloodless, pedestrian writing in IV. 3. This 
bears a remarkable resemblance to Shirley’s worst man- 
ner, the stiff, scrappy manner of The Coronation 
(1635). It looks to me as if Fletcher and Massinger 
had collaborated on the play and Shirley had revised 
it; but I have no strong convictions upon the point.” 
As the play was certainly acted in 1634, when Mild- 
may saw it performed (he calls it “Lysander and Ca- 
lista,” and describes it as a new play, any revised play 
under a new title being esteemed new), Shirley is not 
to be considered, since he was not at that time a King’s 
company’s poet. 

The prologue tells us plainly that, originally (“long 


242 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


since”) written by Fletcher, the play is put forward, on 
a revival after the author’s death, by another writer, 
who has made a new thing of it, though retaining some 
of Fletcher’s work. This prologue is clearly Massin- 
ger’s; and the epilogue, too (which also refers to 
Fletcher’s original authorship), is almost certainly his, 
though not very characteristic. I divide the scenes be- 
tween the two authors thus: 

M—I. 1a, 2a (to Calista’s reéntry), Il. 1a, 2, (?) 3a (15 
speeches), 4a (4 speeches), III. 1-2, 3b (3 speeches), 4, 6b 
(from ‘Out of my house’’), IV. 1-4a, c, e, V. 

F]—I. 1b (final speech), 2b (containing a little M), Il. 1b (from 
Clarange’s entry), 3b, 4b, III. 3c, 5, 6a, IV. 4b (from “Be- 
cause I find enough” to “Lis. Heavenly ones”), d (from “He 
did desire” to “thus nobly”). 

F] and M—III. 3a (six speeches), d (from Malfort’s entry). 


The alterations made are trifling. I formerly thought 
Massinger responsible for the half-dozen speeches in 
I. 2b succeeding Malfort’s reéntry. They are probably 
his; but I am not sure. On the other hand, I look upon 
the two speeches following Jasper’s entry— 

“Clean. What should this wonder be? 


Cal. | am amaz’d at it”?— 


as a characteristic insertion by Massinger, who had an 
eye for the obvious. I did not see his hand in II. 3 and 
4, but saw it, with Fletcher’s, in II. rb. In III. 5 I 
fancied I saw Massinger’s hand with Fletcher’s from 
the Ghost’s entry, and that the last half-dozen speeches 
were solely his; and I gave to him the whole of IV. 
Of III. 3 I awarded him the first speech, which may be 
the work of either, and credited him with all following 
Lysander’s exit. Put thus, these seem like tremendous 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.43 


changes: in reality, they are very slight. It is not, how- 
ever, an easy play to deal with, though the Fletcher 
verse is at times very characteristic. One cannot be sure 
that there is not frequent overwriting in passages where 
one is loth to drag in a second writer. Thus in I. 2a we 
have a very Fletcherian line, 


“The warmer still the fitter. You are a fool, lady,” 


besides having a line with a triple ending, and another 
with a quadruple ending. If any one regard these as 
proofs of an underlying Fletcher basis in that portion 
of the scene, I am certainly not going to assert dog- 
matically that such a view is unwarranted. I may point 
out that it is against my division that we have the 
Beaumontesque “I am a kind of nothing” in the Massin- 
ger part of I.1 and “A kind of noble pity” in the 
Fletcher part of III. 3. It may be noted that Fletcher 
uses the phrase “‘You are nobly welcome” in both I. 2b 
and II. rb. “Sacred Beauty” in III. 3a may be collated 
with “your sacred hand” in V. 3. “Sailing cedar,” which 
occurs in I. 1, is found also in Valentinian, though I 
did not discover the fact till after I had separated the 
speech containing it from the rest of the scene and 
allotted it to Fletcher. It may perhaps be worth men- 
tioning that the name of one of the characters, Mal- 
fort, occurs also in Massinger’s Unnatural Combat, and 
that of another, Calista, in his Parliament of Love. 
Fleay says the authors “cannot be distinguished by 
scenes,” but considers the hand of Massinger apparent 
in III. 1 and IV. 2, and that of Fletcher, in I. 2, III. 2, 
etc. Boyle gives Massinger all I. 1, 2 (to line r10), 
and the last two speeches in III. 6; and Fletcher, II. 1, 


244 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


III. 1-3, 5. Macaulay holds that IV and V are almost 
entirely Massinger’s, and that mixed work, resulting 
from revision, occurs frequently. Ristine considers it 
“obviously more Massinger’s than Fletcher’s.” Cruick- 
shank sees traces of Massinger in III. 4, 6, IV. 2, 4, 
V. 1, 3, and attributes to him I. 1 and II. 2. He de- 
clares it to be “clear from the prologue that the original 
play was too long. Massinger probably cut it down by 
leaving out, among other things, scenes in which Li- 
sander killed his two foes.” 

Characteristic bits of Massinger occurring in scenes 
Boyle has given to Fletcher are the following: 


“Leave your vanities. 
With this purse (which delivered, 
You may spare your oratory), convey this letter to 
Calista’s woman.” 
(II. 1.) 

“Leon. They will hear shortly that 
Will turn their mirth to mourning: he was then 
The principal means to save two lives; but, since, 
There are two fall’n, and by his single hand, 
For which his life must answer, if the king, 
Whose arm is long, can reach him. 

Clar. We have now 
No spare time to hear stories.” 


(III. 1.) 


“Cal. You are truly valiant: would it not afflict you, 
To have the horrid name of ‘coward’ touch you? 
Such is the ‘whore’ to me. 


Lis, I nobly thank you. 

And may I be the same when I dishonour you. 

This I may do again. [Kissing her hand. 
Cal. You may, and worthily: 


Such comforts maids may grant with modesty.” 


(TIT. 35) 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger +245 


“Cle. Lock all the doors fast. 
Mal. Though they all stood open, 
My name writ on the door, they dare not enter.” 


(III. 3.) 


and in III. 2 the stupid coarseness of Lancelot’s buffoon- 
ery proclaims itself Massinger’s. 


32. The Prophetess. 


Licensed May 14, 1622, and revived in July, 1629, 
by the King’s men for Herbert’s benefit, this play was 
originally acted by Lowin, Benfield, Shanck, Sharpe, 
Taylor, Tooley, Birch, and Holcombe. It appears in 
the King’s list of 1641. : 

I still ascribe it to Fletcher and Massinger, the only 
alteration I make in my assignment being in regard to 
one of the choruses (which previously I treated as 
scenes), the latter part of the chorus ushering in the 
fourth act seeming to me now to have been partly re- 
written by Massinger. That the play was founded on 
one by a sixteenth-century dramatist I do not doubt; 
but none of his work was retained outside the choruses, 
Massinger rewriting the opening portion of the first, 
partly rewriting, as I have said, the latter portion, and 
leaving the second chorus as it stood. My division of 
the acting portion of the play stands, as before: 

Fi—t, IIL, V. 2-3 
M—II, IV, V. 1 


Investigators are in entire agreement as to the pres- 
ence of both Fletcher and Massinger. Fleay thought it 
was altered by them from the old play, Dioclesian, and 
told me (though I fancy the view was not published ) 


246 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


that he considered both choruses to be Dekker’s. Boyle’s 
division was the same as mine, except in regard to the 
choruses, which he considered Massinger’s. Macaulay 
followed suit. Baldwin agrees, save as to IV. 3 and 5, 
which he gives to Fletcher. Cruickshank allots to 
Fletcher I. 1, 2, and the Geta scenes (I. 3, III. 2, IV. 2, 
4, V.2), and adds: “Perhaps some hack wrote the 
choruses; or are they inherited from an old play? The 
main part of the play is due to Massinger. He certainly 
had a hand in III. 1.” The choice between the inherit- 
ance of the choruses from an old play and the writing 
of them by a hack for a production as late as 1622 
should not be a very hard one to make. 

Fletcher’s verse in this play is exceedingly character- 
istic of him. Geta in the final scene is very Massinger- 
like; but the scene is Fletcher’s. In III. 1 there is a 
sure sign of abbreviation or revision, the third and fourth 
suitors (there are the usual Fletcherian four) speaking 
before the second. 


33. The Sea-voyage. 


Why this excellent comedy attracts so little notice 
or gets so little praise I do not understand. Entered 
in the Stationers’ Register September 4, 1646, it was 
first printed in the folio of the next year. Though the 
King’s list of 1641 seems intended to include all of the 
company’s repertoire not already in print, it does not 
figure there; yet it was unquestionably a King’s play, 
since it was acted at the Globe by Taylor, Egglestone, 
Tooley, Lowin, and Underwood. Its date of licensing 
was June 22, 1622. Archer’s catalogue gives the play 
to Beaumont and Fletcher; but all investigators are, 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 247 


with the exception of Cruickshank and the doubtful 
exception of Macaulay, agreed that it is the work of 
Fletcher and Massinger. My own allotment is: 


F]—I, III. 1a (to Rosellia’s entry), IV, V. 1b (the speech during 
which Tibalt enters) 

M—Il. 1, 2a (to Albert’s entry), b (with perhaps a substratum 
Off) Pills tb, Vira; c; 23 3 


I no longer follow Dyce in starting a new scene in V 
at the close of the fifth speech, as I do not think Cro- 
cale was intended to leave the stage. The changes from 
my “E. S.” division are trifling. I formerly saw mixed 
work in I]. 2b, in that part of III.1 lying between 
Rosellia’s entry and “Exeunt all except the women” 
(wrongly given in “E. S.” as Rosellia’s exit), and Dyce’s 
V. 2. I now give these all to Massinger, with the excep- 
tion of one speech in V, while professing myself doubt- 
ful whether there may not be some Fletcher in II. 2. 
The difficulty in dealing with this play arises from 
the corruptness of the text. It is often so botched as 
to make it doubtful whether Massinger’s work was done 
in collaboration with Fletcher or later. Act III is at 
fault in places; and in IV. 1 Massinger’s verse has been 
more or less spoiled; but no other act has suffered as 
has II, especially that part of the second scene con- 
cerning which I am still doubtful. I am sure that the 
version that has come down to us was not taken from 
the authors’ manuscript; but also there are many signs 
of abridgment. Thus the mate referred to by Lamure 
in I. 3 must originally have been one of the dramatis 
persone; in V.1 the order to Tibalt to stay has been 
omitted, unless we are to suppose that it was given only 


248 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


by sign; and there are at various times many mute char- 
acters on the stage. The boatswain must be present in 
I. 3, but is not mentioned. In V. 2 Sebastian says to the 
men that they saved his and Nicusa’s lives when they 
were nearly starved at sea; but this statement is not in 
accord with the facts of the play. It is noteworthy, too, 
that in the final scene Lamure, Franville, Morillat, the 
Master, and others do not appear. It may be remarked, 
too, that Massinger does not usually prefer “ye” to 
“you,” as he seems to do here—another circumstance 
telling in favor of the theory that our version is not 
based on the authors’ manuscript. 

Fleay supposed it rewritten for theatrical purposes, 
and ascribed it to Fletcher and another, who might be 
Massinger. He found it impossible to separate the work 
of the two authors. Boyle gave Massinger IJ, III. 1b, 
and V; and Fletcher, the rest. Macaulay is very un- 
certain. He thinks that considerable portions of I and IV 
are by Fletcher, but that no scene can be attributed 
wholly to him. He doubts whether Massinger had any 
hand in it. Cruickshank considers the meter “too rough” 
for Massinger, adding, “The plot does not recall his 
work in any way.” As the dramatists of the time took 
their plots wherever they found them, this argument 
does not strike one as very valuable. Sykes’ allotment 
is very like my own, since he gives Fletcher I, III. 1a, 
and IV; and Massinger, the rest. He looks on Fletcher 
as the original author, and Massinger as the reviser 
(as I am inclined to do), and sees slight traces of Mas- 
singer’s revision in I. 1, 3, IV.2, 3, and traces of 
Fletcher in V. 1. Wells’ opinion was thus expressed: 
“There is a lot of both Fletcher and Massinger in this 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 249 


play; but there are also large blocks of matter that seem 
more in the style of Beaumont, Field, or Ford,” and, 
in a later communication, he tells me that he regards 
it as originally by Fletcher, altered by Massinger, with 
“suspicion of a third hand.” Chelli looks on it as origi- 
nally by Fletcher alone. 

A few odds and ends may be noted. Confirmation of 
the allotment of I. 3 to Fletcher is to be found in the 
expression, “What a veal voice!” since in The Mad 
Lover, II. 2, we have “vociferating veal.” The name 
of the leader of the Amazons is given variously as 
Rosella, Rosellia, Rossilla, Rosilla, and Rossillia. I erred 
in stating in “E. S.” that Massinger never accented 
“Tibalt” on the second syllable, or “Albert” on the first, 
as Fletcher did. “Tibalt” is, I think, always accented 
on the first; but, while Massinger invariably pronounced 
“Albert” in the French way, Fletcher used the French 
and English methods indifferently. I find “ye” used 
objectively eighty-eight times by Fletcher, and twelve 
times by Massinger, besides eight instances that occur in 
the Massinger scene-section in which I suspect a Fletcher 
substratum. It may be worth while to direct attention to 
the construction, “See what a clap of thunder there is!” 
in J. 1, and to “What a wretched day has here been!” in 
I. 2. (In Cupid’s Revenge, IV. 5, we have “What a stir 
here is!” apparently by Field.) Massinger parallels his 
“Till now I ne’er was wretched” (II. 1) in III (“Till 
now I never was happy”). It may be noted finally that 
the first and second sailors of IV. 1 are not those of the 
earlier scenes. 


250 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
34. The Spanish Curate. 


Founded on “Gerardo,” a translation from the Span- 
ish, published in 1622 (it was entered in the Stationers’ 
Register March 11, 1621-2), this comedy was licensed 
on the twenty-fourth of October of that year. Its date 
is therefore hardly to be questioned. On St. Stephen’s 
Day it was acted at Court by the King’s men, the chief 
actors being Taylor, Lowin, Tooley, Egglestone, Pol- 
lard, and Benfield. Archer’s catalogue gives it to Beau- 
mont and Fletcher; but all critics are agreed in re- 
garding it as by Fletcher and Massinger. My division 
of it, which is unchanged, is as follows: 


M—I, Ill. 3, IV. 1, 4, V. 1, 3 
FI—II, III. 1, 2, 4, IV. 2, 3, 5-7, V. 2 


Fletcher also wrote the prologue; and Massinger, the 
epilogue. This is the same as Boyle’s division, and differs 
from Fleay’s only in that that investigator gives Mas- 
singer the prologue. The only scene as to which Macau- 
lay differs is IV. 2, which he considers Massinger’s. 
Cruickshank thinks that Massinger can be clearly traced 
in I. 1 and V. 1, but not in V. 3. He also thinks the trial 
scene (III. 3) may be his. Baldwin agrees with the 
majority, “except for a very few lines.” He points out 
that Fletcher took the Lopez and Leandro stories, while 
Massinger dealt with the stories of Henrique and As- 
canio. Lawrence regards Massinger as a reviser. 


35. A Very Woman. 


This admirable tragi-comedy does not appear in either 
Beaumont and Fletcher folio, but was published in 1655 
by Moseley as Massinger’s, with a prologue stating it 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 251 


to be a revision or alteration (made “by command”) 
of an old play. Prior to the revolutionary (and con- 
structive) work of Fleay it was always thought that 
Massinger had merely altered one of his own plays; but 
all modern critics (with the exception of Swinburne, who 
considered it wholly Massinger’s) regard it as an altera- 
tion from Fletcher. The play was licensed June 6, 1634. 
What the original play was is unknown, and it cannot be 
said that any of the numerous suggestions made can be 
considered satisfactory. Moseley’s entry of it in the 
Stationers’ Register September 9, 1653, gives it the 
alternative title “The Woman’s Plot”; but when it 
was published it was with the sub-title “The Prince of 
Tarent.” The “Woman’s Plot” title was necessarily 
dropped, since the play contains no such plot. This is 
merely another instance of Moseley’s economic trick 
for getting two plays licensed for the price of one. A 
Woman’s Plot was acted at Court by the King’s men in 
1621-2, so that probably it was a play of 1621; and 
in Warburton’s list appears a play of that name ascribed 
to Massinger. It probably was Massinger’s* (which 
would account for Moseley’s bracketing it with another 
Massinger play); but it cannot possibly have had any- 
thing to do with A Very Woman. Cardenio and Mas- 
singer’s Spanish Viceroy have been suggested; but both 
of them were entered by Moseley on the same day as A 
Very Woman; and, when he was so bent on economizing, 
he was hardly likely to pay twice for entering differing 
versions of the one play. The Spanish Viceroy, which 

1 The usual ascription to Fletcher is entirely without warrant, and is 


due merely to the supposed connection of the play with 4 Very Woman 
and Fletcher’s obvious participation in the latter. 


252 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


was a play that had been acted in December, 1624, with- 
out license, was, in fact, entered by Moseley as being 
one with The Honour of Women. A similar objection 
applies to the identification of A Very Woman with A 
Right Woman, which was entered in the Register, as 
Beaumont and Fletcher’s, after the publication of the 
Massinger play. Nor is it likely that Moseley would 
have thought of publishing the original version of the 
play after he had given to the world the revised ver- 
sion. 

The alterations I make in my previous allotment of 
the scenes of this play are very slight; but they mean 
the discarding of my supposed third author, since I 
hold that the two brief passages in which I thought I 
saw him are too short to warrant the conclusion I reached, 
and because the part of IV. 2 where Paulo is disguised 
as a soldier is Massinger’s, despite the rhyming. There 
are indeed in this scene many lines that do not look 
at all like Massinger; yet, not very confidently, I give 
it entirely to him. The only other change my latest 
examination of the play has induced me to make is 
the transference of the closing part of III. 3 from 
Fletcher to Massinger. My division is: 

M—I-II. 3a (to Cucolo’s exit), III. 3a, c, IV. 2, V 

FI—II. 3b, III. 1, 2, 3b (from Cardenio’s entry to exit), 4, 5, 

IiVGty 3° 

2 My “E, S.” division was: 

M—I-II. 2, III. 3a (to Cardenio’s entry), IV. 2b, V 
FI—III. 1, 2, 3b-5, [Vi1,°3 

3d author—IV., 2a 

Fl, M, and 3d author—II. 3 


But soon after the article was published I marked down this last-men- 
tioned scene as I have it at present. 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 2.53 


The prologue is obviously Massinger’s, and there is 
not likely to be any objection taken to regarding the 
epilogue also as his. It is interesting to compare the 
prologue with that to The Lover’s Progress, which was 
also a rewriting of a Fletcher play. It speaks of “This 
subject, long since acted,” as the other does of “A 
story, and a known one, long since writ”; it proceeds, 
as does the other, to excuse the author for turning an 
old play into a new one; he assures us here that 

“By command 
He undertook this task, nor could it stand 


With his low fortune to refuse to do 
What by his patron he was call’d unto,” 


and in the other boasts of 
“Demanding, and receiving too, the pay 


For a new poem.” 


There is one difference between them. In the Very 
Woman prologue he strikes a confident note: 
“We dare 


Maintain to any man that did allow 
Twas good before it is much bettered now”— 


a little at variance perhaps with the 


“Becoming modesty 
(For in this kind he ne’er was bold)” 


of which he has boasted a few lines previously. In the 
prologue to The Lover's Progress, on the contrary, he 
claims that he is 


“ambitious that it should be known 
What’s good was Fletcher’s, and what ill, his own.” 


254 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The likeness of the two adds to the probability of Mas- 
singer’s being the reviser of The Lovers Progress. In 
each case it is made clear that only one writer was en- 
gaged in the work of revision. 

Fleay at first gave all II. 3 to Massinger; but his 
later view differs from mine only in giving Fletcher 
the whole of III. 3. This is the view also of Boyle and 
Baldwin. Cruickshank considers the careful treatment of 
Cardenes’ melancholy by Paulo to be Massinger’s. “The 
only scenes,” he says, “which can be safely attributed 
to Fletcher are those [sic] of the slave-market (III. 1) 
and that where Leonora seeks to console Almira 
CUNEO N Re 

To show that there was some reason for my former 
inclination to see a third writer in the play and my lack 
of confidence even now in according to Massinger the 
early part of IV. 2, let me quote from that scene and 
ask any one who really knows Massinger if this reads 
like him: 


“In way of youth, I did enjoy one friend, 

As good and perfect as Heaven e’er made man. 
This friend was plighted to a beauteous woman 
(Nature proud of her workmanship). Mutual love 
Possess’d them both, her heart in his breast lodged, 
And his in hers. 

Car. No more of love, good father: 
It was my surfeit; and I loathe it now; 
As men in fevers, meat they fell sick on. 

Paul, Howe’er ’tis worth your hearing: this betroth’d lady 
(The ties and duties of a friend forgotten), 
Spurr’d on by lust, I treacherously pursued. 
Contemn’d by her, and by my friend reproved, 
Despised by honest men, my conscience sear’d up, 
Love I converted into frantic rage; 


Plays by Fletcher and Massinger 255 


And, by that false guide led, I summon’d him 

In this bad cause, his sword ’gainst mine, to prove 

If he or I might claim most right in love. 

But fortune, that does seld or never give 

Success to right and virtue, made him fall 

Under my sword. Blood, blood, a friend’s dear blood, 
A virtuous friend’s, shed by a villain, me, 

In such a monstrous and unequal cause, 

Lies on my conscience. 


Car. What were the arts 
That made thee live so long in rest? 
Paul. Repentance 


Hearty, that cleansed me; Reason then confirmed me: 
I was forgiven, and took me to my beads.” 


The incidental rhyme, the awkwardness of construction, 
and the infrequency of double endings are not character- 
istic of either Fletcher or Massinger. I once thought the 
author might be Rowley and that his work was done in 
an intermediate revision about 1626. The style is cer- 
tainly nearer to his than to that of any other dramatist 
whose connection with the play is at all probable. 

In III. 1 there is a line that in the peculiarity of its 
construction and its vulgarity is typical of Fletcher: 


‘Sure he was got in a cheese-press: the whey runs out on’s nose yet.” 


Such a line could hardly be found in any other writer. 
Cucolo is a thorough Massinger fool. His 


“Though you allow me wise (in modesty; 
I will not say oraculous)” 


is a good instance of the dramatist’s habit of making 
his fools assert their wisdom in a ridiculously improb- 
able way. 


256 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
Lines in II. 3, 


“But so adorned as if she were to rival 
Nero’s Poppza or the Egyptian queen,” 


find a counterpart in Massinger’s Duke of Milan, II. 1: 


“She that lately 
Rivalled Poppza in her varied shapes, 
Or the Egyptian queen.” 


Of the date of the original Fletcher play (which 
was probably called “The Prince of Tarent,” since 
Fletcher would not be likely to name one play “A 
Right Woman,” and another “A Very Woman”), all 
that can be said is that it was prior to the commence- 
ment of Herbert’s Office-book. In view of the 1634 
licensing, the chances are that it was written for another 
company than King’s. Those who maintain that The 
Noble Gentleman and The Fair Maid of the Inn must 
have been new plays in 1625-6, because they were 
licensed then, should take note of A Very Woman, 
which was licensed, despite the fact that it was, admit- 
tedly, an alteration of an old play. 


Plays Wholly by Beaumont, Fletcher, and 
Massinger. 
HAVE but three plays under this heading; but some 


critics would have none; others, only one (Thierry 
and T heodoret) ; and scarcely any, more than two. 


36. Beggars? Bush. 


With the exception of Mr. William Wells, I have 
found no one to exhibit any inclination to agree with 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 257 


me in regard to the authorship of this admirable comedy; 
yet a careful reconsideration of the work contained in it 
has not induced me to change my view, except in minor 
details. 

Besides its publication in both folios, Beggars? Bush 
was also put forth in quarto, in 1661, by H. Robinson 
and Anne Moseley, with the prologue and epilogue 
attached in the folios to The Captain, and therefore 
probably, but not certainly, properly belonging to that 
play.* The first notice we have of Beggars? Bush is one 
of its production at Court by the King’s men at Christ- 
mas, 1622. It is presumably the play entered in the 
King’s men’s list of 1641 as “The Beggars.” The chief 
external evidence for its attribution to Beaumont and 
Fletcher (and that is not very valuable) is its quarto 
ascription to them. Of the old catalogues, that of Rogers 
and Ley accords it to Beaumont, and that of Archer, to 
Fletcher. Hills mentions it amongst the plays in which 
Fletcher was concerned. It is clear then that we have 
to rely entirely upon the internal evidence to decide 
the authorship. Its production at Court in 1622 may 
seem to imply (as it apparently does to Lawrence) its 
advent on the boards that year; but, if so, it must have 
been before the commencement of Herbert’s Office- 
book in May. We may perhaps be justified in assuming 
that its presentation by King’s in that year was its first 
staging by that company; but the absence of an actors’ 
list argues strongly in favor of its original performance 
having been by some other company. If I be right in 

1 Occupying a separate leaf in the first folio between the two plays, 


they were probably taken as appertaining to the second one, Beggars’ 
Bush. 


258 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


believing it to have been originally by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, it must have been not later than 1610, about 
which time they joined King’s; if I be wrong in seeing 
the presence of Beaumont, it still cannot date later 
than 1616, by which time Fletcher had certainly re- 
joined the company after his brief venture elsewhere. 
It is significant at least that the slang terms and knowl- 
edge of the manners of the beggars are taken from 
Dekker’s “Bellman,” which was published in 1608. It 
is perhaps significant also that, if my division be right, 
Fletcher does not employ the beggars’ language at all. 

Marchan, in his “King’s Office of the Revels,” refer- 
ring to a manuscript of the play, bound with a manu- 
script copy of Middleton’s The Mayor of Quinborough, 
says it is “written in a hand somewhat similar to the 
Bodleian MS. of Middleton’s Witch (MS. Malone 
12),” which is “in a formal hand” that “can quite pos- 
sibly be Middleton’s own hand.” This goes some way to 
bear out my argument as to date; but I do not under- 
stand on what grounds Mr. Marcham arrives at the con- 
clusion that The Mayor of Quinborough MS., with 
which he believes this to be contemporary, was written 
about 1620. He speaks elsewhere of that play as being 
“slightly varied at about 1615-1620,” and thinks that, 
as the MS. gives an alternative title (“Hengist, King of 
Kent”), the new title was given it on that occasion, 
“Hengist” being Middleton’s original one. As The 
Wild-goose Chase is mentioned in The Mayor of Quin- 
borough, he argues that the former may not have been 
a new play in 1621. There is indeed no definite evi- 
dence that it was; but, as I see no reason against dat- 
ing Middleton’s play, as revised, 1621 or 1621-2, in- 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 259 


stead of from 1615 to 1620, I see no real justification 
for assuming an earlier date than 1621 for Fletcher’s 
play in its present form. If, as Mr. Marcham thinks, 
the manuscript copies of The Mayor and Beggars’ Bush 
were of about the same date, we may most reasonably 
date the revision of the former and the King’s men’s 
production of the latter early in 1622. 

Despite the manifest reluctance of critics to date the 
original production of Beggars’ Bush earlier than 1622, 
there have been some admissions made of the prob- 
ability of an early date for it. Macaulay speaks of it 
as “produced probably some time earlier.” More im- 
portance may be attached to Fleay’s view. At first he 
declared for a date of 1622; but, later, recognizing the 
significance of the absence of an actors’ list, he pro- 
nounced in favor of an original performance by the 
Lady Elizabeth’s men at the Hope about 1615, adding 
“The attribution of part-authorship to Beaumont in 
the 1661 quarto indicates, as usual with these mistaking 
late quartos, a date prior to Beaumont’s death.” 

Fleay, Boyle, and Macaulay all divide the play be- 
tween Fletcher and Massinger. Bullen seems to doubt 
Massinger’s participation, and is of opinion that “the 
scenes in which the woodland life of the beggars is 
depicted are much in the manner of W. Rowley (or 
Rowley and Middleton).” Ward gives the play to 
Fletcher and Massinger; so does Chelli; and Gayley 
thinks Massinger’s contribution fully as important as 
Fletcher’s; while Cruickshank declares against Mas- 
singer altogether. More, by the “ye” test, finds no 
Fletcher, but thinks that possibly the text was revised 
by Massinger or some other. Wells allots it to Fletcher, 


260 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Massinger, and a third author, of whom there are 
traces in V, this being either Beaumont or Field. My 
own view is that the play is to be partitioned between 
Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger; and I allot the 
scenes as follows: 

B—II. 1, 2a (first speech), 3a, c, 4, (?) IV. 6b (last speech), 
V. 1a (to Wolfort’s entry), c (from Bertha’s reéntry to Hu- 
bert’s entry), e (last eighteen speeches), 2b 

FI—II. 2b, III, IV. 1-6a, V. 1b 

M—I, Il. 3b (from “Gos. Ha, Ha!” to “Hem. You now grow 
saucy”), V. 1d, 2a (eight speeches). 


It must be noted that I previously treated the final dia- 
logue of II as part of scene 3. 

My alterations are very slight, and are confined to 
the last act. I formerly thought I saw Massinger as 
well as Beaumont in the opening portion of the first 
scene, and regarded the section from Wolfort’s entry 
to Bertha’s reéntry as “probably an insertion by” Mas- 
singer. In the second scene I took the Massinger por- 
tion as far as the entry of “Jaculin” (Jacqueline). I do 
not, however, feel very confident that I am right in 
making these changes. The crude humor of the cow- 
ardice of the Boor in V. 1 is very Massingerian in tone, 
but not at all in style. Similarly, it is quite likely that I 
may be wrong in bringing Fletcher into V. 1. The diffi- 
culty is, as one has already discovered in such early 
plays as The Knight of the Burning Pestle, The Noble 
Gentleman, and one or two others, to distinguish be- 
tween Beaumont and Fletcher before their styles had 
markedly diverged. I previously held that originally the 
play was written by Beaumont alone, and that Fletcher’s 
work was done in revision, with Massinger. I am now, 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 261 


however, inclined to believe that Fletcher was also an 
original author, his work being of two periods. Early 
Fletcher is seen in II. 2, III. 4, and IV. 3, while the 
Fletcher of a later (middle) period is seen in III. 5 and 
IV. 1. The epilogue (in dialogue) may perhaps be his; 
II. 1 bears some resemblance to Jonson’s work, but is 
not his. Massinger’s insertions in II. 3 and V. 1 are very 
characteristic of his methods as reviser. The one is an 
argumentative passage; the object of the other is to 
afford a humorous break. I may point out that it is 
against the correctness of my attribution of II.1 to 
Beaumont that it contains a parody of Cranmer’s speech 
in the closing scene of Henry VIII. I admit it, but 
would also say that we cannot be certain that Beaumont 
wrote nothing after the middle of 1613, as is so gen- 
erally assumed. 

There are, throughout the play, many signs of its 
having been revised: Beaumont had only seven beggars; 
Fletcher and Massinger thought there were others. In 
II. 1, a reviser supplies the preliminary “Enter Higgen, 
Ferret, Prig, Clause, Jaculine, Snap, Ginks and other 
beggars” (probably because the writer of the scene had 
omitted the stage direction); but Beaumont, to whom 
all the text of the scene is due, puts into the mouth of 
Higgen, “We are seven of us.” Originally Costin must 
have been the seventh, and not Jaculin, who says not a 
single word until she enters alone (without having left 
the stage! ). In III. 4 (the second part of so-called 
III. 3), Fletcher has “Enter Higgen, Prigg, Ferret, 
Ginks, and the rest of the Boors” (this term not includ- 
ing Clause). In V. 1, Massinger has “Enter Hubert, 
Higgen, Prig, Ferret, Snap, Ginks, like Boors,” the en- 


262 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


trance of the last-named being an error, for Beaumont 
makes Hubert say, “I, and four boors here to me,” and, 
in the next scene, we see clearly that Ginks was not one 
of the Boors. In V. 2, Costin, alluded to in V. 1 by 
Beaumont, appears for the first time, and then says noth- 
ing. After losing Hubert, Clause, Ginks, and Costin 
from their number, Higgen says, “Snap, Ferret, Prig, 
and Higgen all are left of the true blood.” In IV. 4, 
Fletcher speaks of “all” the “old lords that rebell’d” 
as being with Gerrard, and again of Gerrard’s “forces”; 
but all Beaumont’s “old lords” are Ginks and Costin, 
the latter having been dropped altogether by Fletcher 
and Massinger. Again, where Beaumont introduces Van- 
dunke, that worthy gentleman uses the catchword “sub 
rosa”; where Fletcher introduces him, he does not use 
it. As all these signs of alteration are in agreement with 
the division I made before considering them, they afford 
some confirmation of the correctness of my apportion- 
ment. 

It may further be pointed out that the Captain Van- 
noke named in IV. 3 is referred to (unnamed) in I. 3 
by Massinger, whence we may infer that the original 
play either had a similar reference or actually intro- 
duced the man. A proof of diversity of authorship, and 
perhaps of revision, is afforded by the difference be- 
tween the characterization of the 2d and 3d Merchants 
in I. 3 and their characterization in IV. 1. 

The length of the war mentioned in I. 1 is contra- 
dicted in II. 3; II. 1 occurs the day after I. 3, yet III. 2, 
which evidently takes place the same day, is six months 
later than I. 3; and in the Beaumont part of V. 1 Hems- 
kirk says Hubert has told him Florez is a merchant and 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 263 


Gerrard the old beggar, whereas in IV. 4, where Hu- 
bert’s tale is told, he gives no such information. 

The naming of the characters in the various editions 
is also a matter of interest. There is no list in the first 
folio; but, according to the dramatis persone of the 
quarto, the beggars are Higgen, Ferret, Prig, Snap, and 
others, while “Lord Arnold” and “Lord Costin” are 
described as “two lords of Flanders disguis’d like beg- 
gars.” The second folio describes Higgen, “Prigg,” and 
“Snapp” as “three knavish beggars,” and enters also 
Ferret and “Ginkes” as “two gentlemen disguised under 
those names, of Gerrard’s party.” This then reduces 
the number of beggars, and identifies Costin with Fer- 
ret, whom it removes from the ranks of the real beg- 
gars, where he rightly belongs. Herman is omitted from 
the quarto list, and so is Vanlock by name. The latter 
might be supposed to be included among the merchants; 
but his daughter Frances, who makes her single ap- 
pearance with him, on the only occasion on which he 
enters, is also omitted. The second folio enters “four 
merchants” with “Vanloch”; but there are certainly 
more than that number, even apart from the additional 
one whom it brackets with Herman. It alone enters a 
“Clown,” who is presumably the cowardly “Boor” of 
the stage directions of V. 1. The second folio gives the 
disguise name of Bertha but not that of Jaculin; and the 
quarto does so in neither case. The second folio list 
wrongly describes Gerrard as “father-in-law to Florez,” 
the quarto’s description as “father to Florez” being cor- 
rect. In the first folio Florez, Gerrard, Bertha, and 
Jaculin are always called by their true names in the 
stage directions and sideheads, save that on the occasion 


264 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


of his second entry (in II. 1) Gerrard is given his as- 
sumed name, Clause. Ginks, on the contrary, is always 
called Ginks, and it is not till the final scene that we 
learn that he is not one of the real beggars, but is Lord 
Arnold in disguise. Even then the stage direction gives 
his assumed name, while it gives the true names of Jacu- 
lin and Costin, who enter with him (the assumed name 
of the latter, it may be remarked, not being known to 
us). It looks as if Ginks was originally one of the beg- 
gars and was subsequently identified with one of the 
disguised lords for purposes of economy of cast. In the 
second folio, Florez is always “Goswin,” and Bertha is 
always “Gertrude,” prior to the last scene; but Jaculin 
always gets her true name, and Gerrard is similarly 
treated, except in II]. 1 and IV. 5, where he gets his 
disguise name. Costin, where referred to for the first 
time (in V. 1), is called “Cozen” in the old texts, this 
being almost certainly a misprint for “Costin.” It may 
also be mentioned that Ferret is mute in III. 1 as are 
Higgen and Prig in IV. 1; but these all have business. 
Ginks is mute in III. 4 and V.1; and in the latter 
scene, as I have said, should not be present. Snap says 
nothing in IV. 5, V. 1, and V. 2; and Jaculin is mute, 
though named, in the final scene. Some of these things 
may indicate only a fitting of the play to requirements; 
but some, I venture to think, mean more than that. 
Fleay at first gave I to Massinger, and all the rest to 
Fletcher; but later he transferred to Massinger II. 2-4, 
part of V. 1, and all of V. 2. Boyle assigned to Massin- 
ger I, I]. 3, V. 1, 2a (to line 110). To me it seems that 
Vandunke is to be regarded as a thoroughly Beaumont- 
esque character, and that this passage from V. 1, whether 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 265 


Beaumont’s or not, is at least very reminiscent of that 
writer: 


“Oh, I am miserably lost, thus fall’n 
Into my uncle’s hands, from all my hopes! 
No matter now whe’r thou be false or no, 
Goswin; whether thou love another better, 
Or me alone; or whe’r thou keep thy vow 
And word, or that thou come, or stay; for I 
To thee from henceforth must be ever absent, 
And thou to me. No more shall we come near 
To tell ourselves how bright each other’s eyes were, 
How soft our language, and how sweet our kisses, 
While we made one our food, th’ other our feast; 
Nor mix our souls by sight or by a letter 
Hereafter, but as small relation have 
As two new gone to inhabiting a grave. 
Can I not think away myself, and die?”’? 
(Vent) 


In the second folio all this speech is omitted, with the 
exception of the first, second, and last lines, showing 
how Beaumont’s work was curtailed in the revision.* 


2 Compare with this last line the following from The Triumph of 

Love: 
“Here Pll sit, 
And think myself away,” 

though I do not now regard them as being from the one hand. I may 
mention that I have applied my usual eight verse-tests to what I regard 
as the Beaumont portion of the play, and that three of them point to 
him, while only two point to Field. 

3 There is surely something omitted, too, before Hubert’s speech be- 
ginning, “If it be worth.” 


37. The Coxcomb. 


This play, which was first printed in the folio of 
1647, was acted at Court by the Queen’s Revels Chil- 


266 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


dren in October or November, 1612,' and by the King’s 
men on March 5, 1621-2, and again on November 17, 
1636. It is in the King’s list of 1641. It therefore came 
into the hands of the King’s company some time between 
1612 and 1621-2. The actors’ list—Field, Gary 
(i.e., Cary), Benfield, Allen, Taylor, Reed, Atawell, 
and Barksted—was most certainly not that of a King’s 
men’s performance; but neither does it seem to indicate 
a Queen’s Revels Children’s staging. It is true that 
Field, Barksted, Cary, Atawell, and Allen all played 
in Jonson’s Silent Woman, when the company produced 
it in 1609 (the other named members of the cast being 
Penn, Smith, and Blaney); but the remaining three are 
stumbling-blocks, especially Benfield, with whom we 
first come in contact in 1612-3, with the Lady Eliza- 
beth’s. The actors’ list is therefore not likely to date 
before 1612. Taylor, Cary, and Barksted were all with 
Lady Elizabeth’s in August, 1611, and so was Eggle- 
stone, who had left the company by 1612-3, but not 
earlier. As Barksted, Reade, Benfield, Taylor, and Field 
were all with that company then, and there is no reason 
to think that Cary, Allen, and Atawell were not still 
connected with it, it seems tolerably certain that the 
actors’ list is one of the Lady Elizabeth’s men; and the 
absence of Egglestone’s name implies a date not earlier 
than 1612-3. Nor do I think it later than 1613, since 
Reade was with the Queen’s men in that year—that is 
to say, later in the year. The play then went from the 


* And also, according to Oldys, in 1613, the date not being a slip for 
1612, since “1612” is marked out, and “1613” substituted. If correct, 
the performance cannot have been later than March, 1612-3, when 
the company was merged in the Lady Elizabeth’s. That may be the reason 
for the alteration, Oldys merely applying the modern system of dating. 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 267 


Queen’s Revels Children to the Lady Elizabeth’s (a 
perfectly natural proceeding, considering the relations 
established between the two companies about 1613), and 
thence to King’s; but, though we may regard so much as 
settled, it leaves the question of the original date of 
production untouched. 

A line in Jonson’s Alchemist, IV. 7 (“A Don Quixote 
or a Knight of the Curious Coxcomb’”’) is thought to 
refer to this play. If so, it cannot be later than 1610. 
It has also been held that it cannot be earlier than April 
26, 1608, when was licensed the French translation of 
Cervantes’ “Curious Impertinent” (from “Don Quix- 
ote”), which is supposed to have suggested the plot. 
This French translation may have reached England the 
same year; but whether it really influenced the plot is 
doubtful. The only definite date-allusion in the play 
itself is one to the fall of Ostend in 1604; but that does 
not help us very much. We shall, in any case, not be 
far wrong if we set the date at 1609. If Gayley be right 
in regarding it as one of the two plays referred to in 
the folio label to Beaumont’s letter to Jonson (a sugges- 
tion, by the way, first made by Thorndike), the date will 
be rather earlier than later. Lawrence agrees with me in 
fixing on 1609. 

As the prologue (spoken at a revival) refers to “the 
makers that confessed it for their own,” it is reason- 
able to expect to find it a joint production. Rogers and 
Ley’s catalogue gives it to Beaumont; and Archer’s, to 
Fletcher, amongst whose works Hills also mentions it. 
All critics admit the presence of Beaumont and Fletcher; 
but there is no agreement as to whether the work is or 
is not confined to those two. My own view is that, origi- 


268 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


nally by Beaumont and Fletcher, it has been revised, first 
by Fletcher, and afterwards by Massinger. 

Let me first of all show reasons for believing there 
has been revision. The history of the play, the fact that 
the actors? list is not the original one, and the transfer- 
ence from company to company all point in that direc- 
tion; and, moreover, the prologue spoken at a revival 
some time after Fletcher’s death speaks of the play as 
having been shortened; and such curtailment could 
hardly have been achieved without alteration. Dyce 
thinks that this curtailment does not apply to the play 
as we have it; but the prologue is obviously Massin- 
ger’s (as is the epilogue also); and equally obviously 
his hand is to be seen in the alterations. So long a time 
had elapsed before the revival at which the prologue 
was spoken that it tells us that the play was “long for- 
got, by some thought dead.” That it was long subse- 
quent to Fletcher’s death may be inferred from the 
statement that “the authors that confessed it for their 
own were this way skilful and . . . did please the time.” 
We have therefore one late revision (probably for the 
revival of 1636); but I believe that we have also rem- 
nants of an earlier one. The scene is laid in England, 
yet the names of the characters are all foreign, mostly 
Italian, indicating that the scene was originally—or, at 
least, in some early version—laid in Italy. That there 
has been an alteration of this character is shown by the 
words of the folio, “the scene, England, France”; and 
another complication is afforded by the title “Don” ac- 
corded to Antonio, which points to Spain as the scene of 
the play, though it may be only an indication of the 
source. There would seem then to have been three ver- 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 269 


sions—one with the scene in either Italy or Spain, one 
with the scene in France, and one with the scene in 
England. Other proofs of revision are that in I. 2 Pedro 
serves no purpose, and Portia, whose name does not 
appear in the dramatis persone, is mute on this, her 
only appearance. She was probably a character in the 
original play, omitted on revision. It may be noted too 
that Antonio is the name of the Justice’s servant, as 
well as of the Coxcomb. Presumably the mute Row- 
land of V. 3 is the servant of II. 4. 

I formerly credited the play to Beaumont, Fletcher, 
Massinger, and an unknown,” whom I was inclined to 
consider William Rowley. I now abandon the idea of 
the presence of a fourth author, whose characteristics I 
described as “weak endings, improper run-on lines, short 
lines, and Alexandrines, full pronunciations, the accen- 
tuation of syllables that should be light” (I instanced 


Zz. a 
“auburn,” “sorely,” “profit”), “and the use of lines 
that won’t scan.” I pointed out, however, that this last 
characteristic might be due to the printer, and added, 
“The text throughout is so corrupt that one may be 
tempted to consider that the scenes where I suspect the 
presence of this author merely contain Fletcher’s work 


2 My division was: 

FI—I. 2b, 3, 5, Il. 1, 2a, c, 3, III. rb (from Servant’s entry), 3b, 
IV. 2, 3, 5-8 

B—I. 4, 6, II. 2b (Viola’s first speech), 4, III. 3a, IV. 1, V. 2 

M—I. 1 (with perhaps some FI lines between Ricardo’s exit and the 
Servant’s entry), 2a (to Antonio’s entry), III. 1a (with perhaps 
some FI in the first four or five speeches) 

Fl and the unknown—IV. 4, V. 1 

B, Fl, and the unknown—V. 3 

The unknown (or perhaps FI in a corrupt state)—III. 2 


270 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


disfigured.” Another characteristic of this hypothetical 
reviser I held to be his occasional insertion of an unneces- 
sary pronoun, giving us, in V. 1, “such murders . . . as 
would make,” and, in V. 3, “my murdered kinsman, 
if he were living now, I should not know him,” and “a 
round face, which some friends . . . would say ’twould 
be a good one.” Mr. William Wells, who agrees with 
me in regarding the play as by Beaumont and Fletcher, 
revised by Massinger, writes me: “The peculiar speci- 
mens of syntax noted by you are characteristic of Beau- 
mont.” As no one has a closer knowledge of Beaumont 
than my correspondent, I accept this statement, assuming 
that I have omitted to make note of instances I found 
occurring elsewhere. 

It will be seen then that I did not feel sure of my 
unknown; and I now abandon hin, not that I am certain 
that I was wrong, but because I cannot feel certain that 
I was right, and I hold that I have no warrant for 
bringing in an additional author if I can otherwise ac- 
count for the phenomena. So I now regard III. 2 and 
IV. 4 as corrupt Fletcher, V. 1 as Beaumont’s, and V. 3 
as Fletcher’s as far as the Justice’s entry, and thence 
Beaumont’s, though it is quite as much like Rowley as 
like Beaumont. I make a few alterations in other scenes, 
as detailed below; and my division now stands: 


B—I. 1a (3% speeches), 4, 6, II. 4, III. 3a, IV. 1, V. 1-3 
FI—I. 2b, 3, 5, Il. 1, 3, II. 2, 3c, IV. 2-6, 8 

B and FI—II. 2, III. 3b, (?) IV. 7 

M—I. 2a 

Fl and M—I. 1b, III. 1 


Some of the scenes are very broken. In I. 1 the first 
3% speeches are clearly Beaumont’s, but his hand does 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 271 


not appear elsewhere in the scene. From “Yet I know 
not” to Viola’s exit and from the Servant’s entry is 
Massinger’s; and the intervening portion shows us that 
writer’s work superimposed upon Fletcher’s. In II. 2 it 
is not only Viola’s first speech that is Beaumont’s: the 
nine speeches following Dorothy’s exit are his also; and 
his hand is to be seen with Fletcher’s in what follows. 
In III. 1 the first five speeches and the conclusion are 
Fletcher’s, but there intervene seven speeches by Mas- 
singer. In III. 3, to Nan’s entry is Beaumont’s, and the 
last twelve speeches are Fletcher’s, the rest of the scene 
showing traces of both writers. Very hesitatingly I set 
down IV. 7 as joint work by the two men. Massinger’s 
portion of I. 2 ends with Antonio’s second speech, the 
remainder of the scene being Fletcher’s. It may be 
further noted that, though the touch of Fletcher seems 
perceptible now and then in the drunken humors of 
I. 6, I still prefer to consider that scene Beaumont’s, 
and that in IV. 2, though the verse is the verse of 
Fletcher, and the scene is accordingly credited to him, 
the tone is that of Beaumont. It is worthy of note, too, 
that in V. 2 Beaumont’s 


“T left her when the sun had so much to set 
As he is now got from his place of rise” 


is precisely the sort of thing laughed at in The Knight 
of the Burning Pestle. It is hardly to be supposed that 
Beaumont can have penned this after he had ridiculed 
such absurdities. In this play his romanticism is of an 
exceedingly exaggerated character. The repentance and 
shame of Ricardo are of so wild a nature as to war- 
rant Valerio in thinking him mad. 


272 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fleay considered the play Beaumont and Fletcher’s, 
but went no further than to point out certain scenes in 
which he believed Fletcher traceable. Later, he ex- 
pressed agreement with me as to Massinger’s presence, 
and thought the fourth author I fancied I saw might be 
D’avenant.® Boyle gives Beaumont and Fletcher very 
little credit for it, ascribing most of it to an unknown, 
who altered the original play. He thinks it, like Cupid’s 
Revenge and Wit at several Weapons, but in less de- 
gree, so altered that conclusions from versification are 
mere guesswork, which is, I suppose, a way of saying 
that he found the work of separation very difficult. I 
differed in my original division from Boyle and Macau- 
lay in regard to no less than five scenes; but they them- 
selves agreed as to but one of these, that being the scene 
(I. 1) I gave to Massinger. Bullen thought the under- 
plot relating to Viola might be attributed to Beaumont, 
but was in other parts “more frequently reminded 
of William Rowley than of Beaumont or Fletcher.” 
Cruickshank is quite alone in considering it a very char- 
acteristic work of Beaumont and Fletcher. Alden, in 
his examination, dealt only with Beaumont. He agreed 
with my original division in seeing no Beaumont in I. 1 
or II. 2 or IV. 7 or V. 1. He regarded III. 3 as wholly 
Beaumont’s, and IV. 1 as containing nothing of that 
writer. Gayley considers the play a revision of Beau- 
mont and Fletcher, but is doubtful whether there was 
only one reviser or two. As regards V. 1 he agrees with 
Alden and differs from me; as regards IV. 1, on the 
contrary, he agrees with me as against Alden. He thinks 


81 doubt if this opinion was published. 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 273 


the first thirty-five lines of I. 1 the work of a reviser, 
who is also present in I. 3; that in the drinking bout in 
I. 5 “some of the words indicate Fletcher, and the gra- 
tuitous obscenity, Fletcher or his reviser.” He declares 
Viola’s first speech to be the only piece of Beaumont in 
II. 2, and thinks that perhaps there is no Beaumont in 
the last thirty-six lines of III. 3, where Fletcher is dis- 
cernible in the afterthoughts, and the hand of the reviser 
in the mutilation of the verse; IV. 3 he gives to Fletcher. 
He credits Beaumont with I. 4, 6, II. 4, III.3 (to 
; wuetesl may find service’), IV. 1,72, 7; V.2;. and. 
the last twenty-seven lines of 3. He considers that in 
the main plot Beaumont had no hand, unless in the 
prose of the trial scene at the close of V. The reviser 
he looks upon as much more likely to be Rowley than 
Massinger. Chelli considers the play by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, revised by Massinger. 

As there is no general recognition of Massinger’s 
presence, it behoves me to show my reasons for thinking 
him a reviser. Surely I am justified in regarding such 
lines as these his: 

“Allow me manners, 


Which you must grant I want, should I increase 
The bond in which your courtesies have tied me.” 


(L..43) 
“Be ready, I entreat you: the dance done, 
Besides a liberal reward, I have 
A bottle of sherry in my power shall beget 
New crotchets in your heads.” 
(To) 


“Tis fit freedom.” 


(1.23) 


274 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“Merc. 1 cannot blame you, now I see this letter. 
Though you be angry, yet with me you must not, 
Unless you’ll make me guilty of a wrong 
My worst affections hate. 

Maria. Did not you send it? 

Merc. No, upon my faith! 
Which is more, I understand it not: the hand 
Is as far from my knowledge as the malice. 

Maria. This is strange. 

Mere. It is so; 

And had been stranger, and indeed more hateful, 
Had I, that have received such courtesies 
And owe so many thanks, done this base office.” 


(III. 1.) 


38. Thierry and T heodoret. 


This very fine tragedy was first printed by Walkley, 
anonymously, in 1621, as acted by the King’s men at 
Blackfriars; in 1648 by Moseley, as Fletcher’s; and 
the next year by the same publisher, as Beaumont and 
Fletcher’s. The third quarto contains a prologue and 
epilogue, of which the former belongs to The Noble 
Gentleman, and the latter, which speaks of the drama 
as by one poet, is probably, as Fleay supposed, the epi- 
logue to some play of Shirley’s presented at Dublin. 
If the prologue was spoken at a production of Thierry 
and Theodoret in 1617, the statement that it was “in 
fashion” twenty years before would refer to “Bran- 
howlte”; and it is not a little curious that the length of 
time mentioned should almost exactly suit the case; 
but, as I have not yet spoken of the old play or of the 
date, this is anticipating. 

Unless we see reason to the contrary, the company 
must be taken as settled by the statement on the first 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 275 


quarto; but the authorship is left very doubtful. The 
external evidence is, in fact, unusually weak: of all the 
plays in the 1679 folio, there are but three—this, The 
Coronation, and The Two Noble Kinsmen—that can- 
not point to contemporary verses, a place among the 
Beaumont and Fletcher plays in the Cockpit list, a place 
in the first folio, or a prologue, epilogue, address, dedi- 
cation, or title-page of sufficiently early date, ascribing 
it to one of our authors, in proof of the justice of its 
inclusion in the collection. The necessary corroboration 
is to be found, not in the prologue stolen from The 
Noble Gentleman, or even in Moseley’s ascription of it 
to Fletcher, or in the attribution of it in Archer’s cata- 
logue to Beaumont and Fletcher, but in the internal 
evidence. 

The play includes a character named De Vitry, and 
Fleay thought that this pointed to the Vitri who ar- 
rested the Marshal d’Ancre in April, 1617, especially 
as in that year the Privy Council suppressed a play deal- 
ing with the Marshal’s death. Thorndike, however, 
points out that the use of the name implies no such late 
date, since there was a de Vitry (a Frenchman) at the 
English Court from 1603 to 1605 and the name occurs 
also in Fauchet’s story of the doings of Brunhalt, which 
was first published in 1599. To quote Thorndike, “Bran- 
howlte, an old play of 1597, mentioned in Henslowe’s 
diary, may have been at the basis of Thierry and T heo- 
doret; but the latter’s obligation to the historical narra- 
tive is sometimes so minute and the development of 
the material so characteristic of Beaumont and Fletcher 
that I don’t imagine they used the old play at all.” 
Fleay also thought that the astrology of Lacure pointed 


276 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


to the condemnation of Concini in 1617 for treason 
and sorcery; but Thorndike considered that the refer- 
ence was rather to Dr. Forman, who was notorious 
from 1601 to 1611, when he died. Thorndike then 
proceeded to argue for an early date for the play, which 
he placed conjecturally in 1607;* but his arguments 
seem to me to point rather to a date some three years 
later. The date of the play is indeed a very knotty prob- 
lem; and it is inextricably mixed up with the author- 
ship. If Beaumont be concerned in it, the original pro- 
duction cannot have been so late as 1617; if he was 
not, it may have been, though, even then, there is noth- 
ing to render it impossible that it may have been pro- 
duced as early as Thorndike supposes. It may be well, 
before stating my own view, to give the views of others. 

Ward credits the play to Beaumont and Fletcher; 
Swinburne, to Fletcher and Massinger; Bullen and 
Macaulay, to Fletcher, Massinger, and another; Fleay, 
to Fletcher, Massinger, and Field; Boyle, to Fletcher, 
Massinger, and Daborne, though previously he had been 
inclined to include a fourth, who, he thought, might be 
Field.* Cruickshank detects the presence of Massinger. 
Chelli declares for Fletcher, Massinger, and Field. 
Gayley sees in it Fletcher, Massinger, and another who 
is not Beaumont. Alden is doubtful. Sykes declares for 
Massinger, Fletcher, and Webster; and Wells, who 
considers it an alteration by Fletcher and Massinger 
of an older play, at first thought the earlier writer 

1 Lawrence places it in 1608. 

* An intermediate view of this critic’s attributed the play to Mas- 


singer, Fletcher, and Field, with the remark that III.2 suggested 
Wilkins. 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 277 


Chapman, or perhaps Webster, but, at latest, is content 
to leave him nameless, declaring only that he is not 
Beaumont. With Mr. Wells’ view that in the line 


“Here is my fort, my castle of defence!” 


(IV. 1.) 


there may be an allusion to Shakespeare’s Oldcastle, 
affording “a slight piece of evidence for a date as early 
as 1598” I cannot agree. I see in it no such reference. 
Finally, Thorndike finds Beaumont in it, and his argu- 
ments are worth reproducing. He points out that the 
situations involving Protaldye and the situations in- 
volving Ordella are additions to the historical material, 
and that the former are very like the Bessus scenes in 
A King and no King, while the final scene resembles 
the dénouement in Cupid’s Revenge. “Brunhalt and 
Thierry are... developed much as their prototypes are 
developed in Cupid’s Revenge from a similar outline 
in the ‘Arcadia.’ ” Five types of character found in the 
Beaumont and Fletcher plays, Philaster, The Maid’s 
Tragedy, A King and no King, and Cupid’s Revenge, 
are all found here; and Thorndike conjectures that in 
the Fauchet narrative and the situation developed from 
it in Thierry and T heodoret is to be discerned the source 
of A King and no King. “I conjecture therefore,” he 
says, “that Beaumont and Fletcher, having taken the 
Thierry-Memberge situation from Fauchet and used 
it in the play, later developed that situation into the 
Arbaces-Panthea plot, changed it so as to have a happy 
ending, and thus created A King and no King. The other 
resemblances between the two plays—the two kings in 
each play, one of whom in each case is a somewhat furi- 


278 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ous ranter, the queen-mother who loathes her son, the 
cowardly soldier, and the comic scenes—all these add to 
the plausibility of a direct connection between the two. 
... Furthermore, the elaboration of a slightly outlined 
motive into a series of effective situations and the addi- 
tion of a happy dénouement are characteristic of the 
authors’ dramatic methods and mark A King and no 
King as the later play.” 

My own view is that the play is, as it stands, a revi- 
sion by Massinger of earlier work by Beaumont and 
Fletcher. My division is as follows (III being now 
treated as consisting of three scenes, whereas before I 
regarded it as containing but two): 


Pie=lat, Lis2sse Vs 12Ve2 

B—III. 1a (to Theodoret’s entry), 2a, c, 3b (from Servant’s 
exit), Vota 

B and FI—V. 1b (from “Vitry, What blessed tongue’) 

M—I. 2, Il. 1, 4, III. (?) 2b, 3a, IV. 2 

B and M—III. 1b 


The alterations from my former allotment are very 
slight. Formerly, I saw some Massinger with Fletcher 
in the first four speeches of I. 1, and a basis of Beaumont 
underlying the Massinger in the latter part of II. 4 
(from Thierry’s exit). The whole of III. 1 and 2 I 
gave to Beaumont and Massinger with a query; and I 
thought I saw the hand of Massinger as well as that 
of Beaumont in V. 1 as far as Protaldye’s entry. The 
Beaumont part of III. 3 I began with Thierry’s entry; 
but that makes a difference of only three lines. Finally, 
I began the joint Beaumont and Fletcher portion of 
V. 1 as far back as the Soldiers’ second entry. There 
may, in fact, be more Fletcher in this act than I have 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 279 


allowed for, since the latter part of the opening dialogue 
between De Vitry and the four soldiers (the character- 
istic Fletcherian number is to be noted) is not altogether 
unlike him. The scene may be compared with one in 
Wit at several Weapons. 1 am doubtful whether or not 
to regard III. 2b (the five speeches beginning “Thi. 
Come, do not weep”) as a brief Massinger passage in a 
scene otherwise wholly Beaumont’s. It would perhaps be 
more reasonable to treat the entire scene as Beaumont’s 
(despite the Fletcherian “claw’d fearfully”). There 
may also be more rewriting by Massinger than I have 
credited him with. In V. 1a, for example, such a line 
as “You persuade! you are shallow. Give way to merit” 
has a very Massingerian ring. The description also of 
Protaldye in II. 2 as a State stallion finds analogies in 
The Duke of Milan, IV. 2, and The Guardian, III. 6, 
though it has to be mentioned that it also links up with 
Chapman’s Monsieur d’Olive. As between Beaumont 
and Field I have applied eight verse-tests, to find that 
only three indicate Beaumont, while twice as many 
point to Field. 

There are one or two slight signs of revision, and 
one that is worthy of note—the glaring discrepancy be- 
tween III. 1 and III. 2. All the care displayed in the 
former to make Thierry suspicious of Theodoret is ren- 
dered useless by the way in which the plot develops in 
the later scene. The question of revision raises the date 
of that revision, and then we are faced with the date of 
the original version. Massinger’s work must have been 
done before 1621—indeed, before October, 1620, when 
he was writing for the company at the Red Bull. I see 
no sign of late revision by Fletcher; but it is unlikely 


280 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


that Massinger would be entrusted by the King’s men 
with the revision of a Beaumont and Fletcher play at a 
time when Fletcher belonged to the company. We do 
not know when Massinger first joined the King’s, or 
when Fletcher rejoined it. The earliest Fletcher date 
we can be positively sure of is 1616; Massinger’s is 
1619; nevertheless, it is possible that there was a time 
when Massinger was a member of the company and 
Fletcher was not. Such a time may have been in 1615 
or early in 1616, when it is not impossible that the exist- 
ing version of the play was presented. Fletcher’s work 
throughout is early in style, not such as he was writing 
in 1616 or later. Even where I think I see it with 
Beaumont’s I see no trace of his later style, and there- 
fore take the work to have been done in collaboration. 
The play may or may not have been written originally 
for King’s. If it was, we cannot date it earlier than 1610; 
if it was not, it must be dated not later than that year. 
On style, I should put it rather earlier than later. 

I take the main author of III to be Beaumont, but 
do not profess any certainty. Beaumont is far more 
difficult to determine positively than is Massinger or 
than is the developed Fletcher, because he is so much 
more variable. As he has no stereotyped manner, no 
two plays of his are exactly alike. Hence I have to 
say regarding Thierry and Theodoret, and not regard- 
ing it alone, that, though I believe the hand I see to 
be the hand of Beaumont, I have no inclination to 
dogmatize on the matter. My first examination of the 
play produced similar doubts, and I wrote in “E. S.” 
in regard to the suggestion that it might be a refashion- 
ing of the old Henslowe play of 1598, to which refer- 


Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger 281 


ence has already been made, “As I cannot convince 
myself that III. 1 iseven partly Beaumont’s, I am some- 
what inclined to think that that scene is an alteration (by 
Massinger) of the old writer (whoever he may have 
been); and it may be he, instead of Beaumont, whose 
hand is to be detected in III. 2.” 

If Fleay was right in thinking that Field, instead of 
Beaumont was one of the authors (being responsible for 
III. 1, 2), it is not likely that Massinger would be 
found revising his work, as he is found revising in III. 1. 
Proofs of Massinger’s presence in that scene are the fol- 
lowing: 

“Till now I ne’er repented the estate 


Of widower” ; 


“The unripe virgins of our age, to hear it, 
Will dream themselves to women and convert 
The example to a miracle”; 


“You teach a deaf man language”; 


“What you 
Enjoy is but the banquet’s view; the taste 
Stands from your palate.” 


Fleay pives I. 1, I1.°2-3, IV. 1, and V. 2 to Fletcher; 
and IJ. 2, II. 1, and IV. 2 to Massinger. Boyle varied 
from that allotment by transferring II. 3 to Massinger, 
but subsequently ascribed it to Fletcher. Sykes awards 
Toe, Ilr, anc 1V.2 to Massinger: Ill. 2, 3,.andsVan 
to Webster; II. 4 and III. 1 to the two jointly; and the 
rest of the play to Fletcher. The only bit that seems to 
me at all in the manner of Webster is a patch of a dozen 
speeches preceding Protaldye’s first entry in III. 2, and 
even this I should be very doubtful about giving to him, 


282 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


even could I see his hand certainly elsewhere in the 
play. One may note, by the way, a touch of the antique 
in III. 1. Macaulay attributed to Fletcher I. 1, II. 2, 
IV. 1, V. 2; to Massinger, I. 2, II. 1, IV. 2; and to a 
third author, III, V. 1. 

An expression in IV. 1 (“Fall like spent exhalations”) 
is paralleled in Henry VIII (“I shall fall like a bright 
exhalation”). 


Plays in which Shakespeare was (Concerned. 


O section will be more disapproved of than this, 

most investigators being willing to place in it only 
one play or two plays (according as they accept or re- 
ject the idea of the Shakespearean part authorship of 
The Two Noble Kinsmen). Two of the four plays here 
included are not generally regarded as having any claim 
to inclusion among the plays known under the joint 
names of Beaumont and Fletcher. 


39. Double Falsehood. 


I regard this (not of course on its merits as a drama) 
as one of the most important plays to be dealt with, 
since the question involved is not only of the authorship 
of Fletcher, but also of the authorship of Shakespeare. 
The play had been generally accepted as one by Theo- 
bald, though now and then a critic was to be found to 
suppose it to be based on some other writer—Massinger 
or Shirley or Shadwell—till Mr. Gamaliel Bradford 
advanced the theory of its being identical in its original 
form with the lost play Cardenio, credited to Shake- 
speare and Fletcher. To my thinking, he not only ad- 


Shakespeare Plays 2.83 


vanced the theory: he proved his case. His argument 
may be studied in “Modern Language Notes,” XXV. 2: 
I give the pith of it here, reinforced with some points 
of my own, put forward in three articles in “Notes and 
Queries,” February-April, 1919. 

“Double Falsehood, or The Distrest Lovers” was first 
acted on December 13, 1727, and was printed the fol- 
lowing year, as “written originally by W. Shakespeare, 
and now revised and adapted to the stage by Mr. Theo- 
bald.” As was almost inevitable in the circumstance of 
the play being given to the world as Shakespeare’s over 
a century after his death, it was denounced as a forgery. 
Whoever had sponsored it, it would no doubt have been 
proclaimed a fraud, because the critics at least would be 
unwilling to believe that a play of Shakespeare’s could 
have remained hidden so long; but also it is hardly to 
be doubted that in the case of Theobald many literary 
men experienced great satisfaction at having so good an 
opportunity of attacking the alleged discoverer, who had 
made many enemies amongst them. Whatever their per- 
sonal animus, some of the attackers knew what they were 
talking about when they declared that the play bore more 
signs of Fletcher than of Shakespeare. This suggestion 
was indignantly denied by Theobald—a fact which, for 
reasons I shall show later, affords the strongest proof of 
his bona fides, as does also his obviously genuine belief 
that the work had never been staged. He had not the 
knowledge of the stage history of Shakespeare’s time 
that we possess to-day. What he did do was to add to 
the doubts expressed by claiming as his own certain lines 
which were picked out for praise. He may have been 
warranted in doing so; but he was at least unwise. His 


284 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


action in regard to another play, produced in 1716, had 
also raised a question of his scrupulousness. He was ac- 
cused of having stolen from a man named Mestayer a 
play called “The Perfidious Brother,” which he pro- 
duced as his own. Theobald did not deny that Mestayer 
had given him a plot and something designed to be a 
play, but claimed that he had so recast it as to feel justi- 
fied in putting it out as his own. It does not seem an alto- 
gether honorable transaction; but it is to be said in his 
favor that even his enemies seemed to think there was 
nothing in the charge brought against him in this matter. 
In any case, there is a difference between claiming for 
oneself what is in its essence the work of another man 
and giving to another credit for work that is one’s own. 
The theory that Theobald forged Double Falsehood is 
not to be adopted without good reason; but there is an- 
other possibility to be considered—the possibility that, 
finding an old Elizabethan play, he may have committed 
a double falsehood of his own by pretending that one of 
the manuscripts bore the name of Shakespeare, and by 
asserting that the play in its original form had never 
found its way to the stage. 

The doubts raised as to a play by Shakespeare “being 
stifled and lost to the world for above a century” Theo- 
bald met thus: of the three copies he claimed to possess, 
one had been obtained from a “noble person,”” who had 
acquainted him with a tradition that it had been written 
in the time of Shakespeare’s retirement from the stage 
and given by him to a natural daughter; one had been 
purchased “at a good rate”; and one, which was “in the 
handwriting of Mr Downes, the famous old prompter,” 
had been (so he was “credibly informed”) “early in the 


Shakespeare Plays 285 


possession of the celebrated Mr Betterton, and by him 
designed to have been usher’d into the world”: he did 
not know what accident had prevented the fulfillment 
of this purpose. This may not seem a sufficient state- 
ment; but it is quite understandable that, if he possessed 
such manuscripts, he could give no reasonable account 
of their previous history. I am not aware that any of his 
critics was refuted by a sight of these manuscripts; but 
neither can it be said that any of them demanded an 
inspection. 

Three reasons have been adduced for doubting Theo- 
bald’s honesty in this matter—the unlikelihood of his 
possessing three manuscripts of the play; the disap- 
pearance of all three; and the omission of the play from 
his subsequently issued edition of Shakespeare’s works. 
The first of these is not of much weight. Theobald, if 
meditating a revising of the play to fit it for the stage 
(for he seems to have genuinely believed that it had 
never been acted, the memory of its production having 
probably died out long before the time of Downes), 
would probably seek to get all the copies he could, espe- 
cially as the value of his copyright would be seriously 
impaired if some one else published the play as it had 
stood in the original. Moreover, the very improbability 
of the story that he had three copies is an argument 
against his invention of it. Why should he have gone 
out of his way to make a statement that, even if ac- 
cepted, would not have strengthened his case an iota? 

The second argument is more cogent. Theobald’s li- 
brary, containing a number of old plays, was sold in 
1744, after his death. If we could say definitely that 
among Theobald’s effects there was no manuscript of a 


286 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


play purporting to be by Shakespeare, the opponents 
of Theobald would have a good case; as it is, all that 
is to be said is that the matter is left indefinite: there 
have been other cases of old manuscripts disappearing. 
It has been suggested that the Shakespeare play in 
manuscript afterwards destroyed by Warburton’s no- 
torious cook was one of the copies of the original ver- 
sion of Double Falsehood; but we have no means of 
knowing. 

The third point has not much in it: to have included 
Double Falsehood in his edition of Shakespeare would 
presumably have interfered with Theobald’s copyright 
of the play, or at any rate with his profits. This copy- 
right had been granted to him for fourteen years, and 
he naturally would not wish it disturbed, as it still had 
some eight years to run when his edition of Shakespeare 
was produced. There is then no really sound reason for 
doubting Theobald’s honesty in this matter; and, as I 
shall show later, there is very strong reason for be- 
lieving in it. 

The source of the play is to be found in the story 
of Cardenio in “Don Quixote,” first published in the 
original Spanish in 1605, and in the English translation 
by Shelton in 1612, the latter being followed early the 
next year by the appearance of a play on the subject, 
which was acted at Court by the King’s men, and is 
variously entered as “Cardano,” “Cardenno,” “Car- 
dema,” and “Cardenna.” Twice given at Court in that 
year, we hear no more of it till in the Stationers’ Regis- 
ter forty years later (on September 9, 1653, to be exact) 
we find entered for publication by Humphrey Moseley 
“The History of Cardenio, by Mr. Fletcher and Shake- 


Shakespeare Plays 287 


speare.” It may be said that an attribution after a lapse 
of forty years is not of much value, especially when 
made by a publisher who was in the habit of fraudulently 
getting two plays registered as one; but there are four 
very strong reasons for regarding Moseley’s entry as 
genuine. First, so far as is known, he never deliberately 
ascribed a play to some one who had had nothing to do 
with its authorship. Mr. Baldwin Maxwell, in an article 
on “Fletcher and Henry VIII” in “The Manly Anni- 
versary Studies” considers that Moseley “was either in- 
sincere or misinformed,” because Cardenio was not in- 
cluded in the folio (neither, it may be remarked, was 
Pericles), and because on the same day Moseley as- 
signed The Merry Devil of Edmonton to Shakespeare 
and “the two plays Henry I and Henry II to Shak- 
spere and Davenant—the latter a boy of ten when Shak- 
spere died.” If it were D’avenant (in point of fact, it 
is not, it is Davenport) who was named with Shake- 
speare, there would yet be no significance in the differ- 
ence in their ages: all the entry would mean would be 
that the plays were written by the one and rewritten, for 
revival purposes, by the other. Nor is Mr. Maxwell 
justified in treating these plays as a proof of either in- 
sincerity or misinformation on Moseley’s part, for we 
do not know but that Henry I and Henry II were 
Shakespeare’s: we only assume they were not because 
they are not included in his collected works. As they 
are not extant, we can pass no opinion on their right to 
be reckoned as Shakespearean. There was a play on the 
subject of Henry I produced for the first time in 1597 
by the Admiral’s men (therefore not by Shakespeare) ; 
but there is no call to identify this with the Moseley 


288 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


play. The Merry Devil is extant; and the internal evi- 
dence admittedly shows it not to be Shakespeare’s; but 
the question is not, Was Moseley right in his attribution? 
but Was he justified in it to the best of his belief? The 
play was published anonymously; but Moseley’s manu- 
script may not improbably have carried Shakespeare’s 
name. That that is a reasonable assumption is shown by 
the circumstance that Charles II’s librarian had the play 
bound in a volume labeled with Shakespeare’s name; 
and we may be quite sure that he knew nothing of 
Moseley’s Stationers’ Register entry. Therefore I think 
it may be assumed that the names of Fletcher and 
Shakespeare were on the manuscript of Cardenio which 
Moseley possessed. Secondly, we now know that a play 
on this very subject was presented by the company with 
which both poets were connected. Thirdly, its produc- 
tion synchronizes with the supposed collaboration of the 
two authors in The Two Noble Kinsmen and Henry 
VIII. (Lawrence dates Cardenio 1612; but I know no 
reason for doing so.) Fourthly, all these facts fit in 
with Theobald’s statement that the play on the same 
subject which he published three-quarters of a century 
later was by Shakespeare, it being borne in mind that 
Theobald certainly had no knowledge of the Moseley 
attribution. 

Against these arguments for the genuineness of Mose- 
ley’s entry are to be set two—the non-inclusion of the 
play in any Shakespeare folio, and its non-inclusion in 
either Beaumont and Fletcher folio. Neither argument 
is worth much. Moseley was the publisher of the first 
Beaumont and Fletcher folio; but, as he did not enter 
this play till some six years later, it presumably was not 


Shakespeare Plays 289 


in his possession in 1647. The folio of 1679 added 
none not already in print. Similarly, too late for inclu- 
sion in either of the first two Shakespeare folios, the 
play’s exclusion from the folio of 1663 is of no signifi- 
cance when we consider that the seven additional plays 
(all but one of which the critics are agreed in rejecting) 
had all been published earlier in quarto. The publishers 
may not have been able to secure possession of Mose- 
ley’s manuscript, and may even have been ignorant of 
its existence. 

And, as Theobald unwittingly bears testimony to the 
honesty of Moseley, so does Moseley help to make plain 
to us the honesty of Theobald. The latter did not know 
that Cardenio had ever been acted (his sincerity on that 
score is scarcely to be questioned), and he was ignorant 
that the names of Fletcher and Shakespeare had ever 
been connected in a play on the subject of Cervantes’ 
story. How can it be supposed that he would otherwise 
have failed to make much of the fact, or that, when his 
enemies and critics pointed out that “the coloring, dic- 
tion, and characters” were “nearer to the style and man- 
ner of Fletcher” than to those of Shakespeare, he should 
have so indignantly denied the correctness of their view? 
What a feast for those who see nothing but irony in 
life to note how Theobald’s enemies, in attacking his 
honesty, have helped to prove it, and how Theobald, 
equally ignorant of the facts, violently repudiated these 
proofs! To us the admission of Fletcher’s presence in 
Double Falsehood is a long step toward its identification 
with Cardenio, and consequently toward Shakespeare’s 
connection with it. 

Before proceeding to a consideration of the internal 


290 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


evidence, one or two minor objections to the identifica- 
tion of Cardenio with Double Falsehood may be briefly 
dealt with. Fleay suggested that the former might be 
Love’s Pilgrimage; but that play is not from “Don 
Quixote” and contains no character named Cardenio. 
Professor Rudolph Schevill, in “Modern Philology,” 
argued that Theobald took the story of Double False- 
hood from a collection of novels published nearly two 
years later. His case seems to me a very weak one. 
Richard Farmer held that the play dated from the 
middle of the seventeenth century, because “aspect” is 
accented on the opening syllable, as never in the time of 
Shakespeare; but the argument has no force if we re- 
gard the play as partly of the early seventeenth and 
partly of the eighteenth. Cruickshank regards it as “an 
18th century effusion in the manner of Rowe.” Chur- 
ton Collins, with better judgment, believed it to be 
“founded on some old play,” but, for the most part, 
“from Theobald’s own pen.” 

Farmer and Dyce considered the play Shirley’s; I 
fail to see any reason for such an attribution. Massin- 
ger, too, has been suggested; but there are not in the 
whole play half-a-dozen lines that remind me of him. 
Of those writers with whom the play has not been con- 
nected on any grounds (however slight) of external 
evidence, Beaumont is the only one of whom I am sufhi- 
ciently reminded to warrant any close examination of his 
claim; and, when one bears in mind his connection with 
Fletcher and the date of the play, one may be justified 
in adding his name to those of Shakespeare, Fletcher, 
and Theobald as those for whose characteristics special 
search is to be made. 


Shakespeare Plays 291 


The task of determining the authorship by the in- 
ternal evidence is rendered difficult by the fact that the 
play has been, in the words of the royal license pre- 
fixed to the 1728 edition, “with great labour and pains 
revised and adapted to the stage” by Theobald; the 
verse’s mechanism is more or less ruined; the music has 
been robbed of much of its individuality; the dramatic 
technique and the characterization afford no sound cri- 
teria; and the imagery, the habit of thought, the diction, 
and the sentence-building have been so overlaid that 
definite results are not to be looked for. The first thing 
to be seen is that the hand of the eighteenth-century 
reviser is to be found in every scene, and that two scenes 
(II. 3 and 4) are wholly his. And here let me remark 
that with Mr. Bradford’s division of the play between | 
the two original authors I am in almost complete agree- 
ment, though my examination was made quite inde- 
pendently, and comparison made with his only after I 
had obtained my own results and formed my own con- 
clusions. 

Mr. Bradford was the first critic to note (or at least 
the first to announce the fact) that a new voice becomes 
audible in III. 3. It is the voice of Fletcher, who is 
thenceforward dominant. In this first scene we see his 
work overwritten by Theobald in the first nine speeches, 
though the editor’s other work is limited to the provi- 
sion of a closing couplet. The other Fletcherian portions 
of the play are that part of IV.1 preceding Julio’s 
entry (the text having perhaps undergone some revi- 
sion by Theobald) ; that part of the same scene between 
Violante’s reéntry and the entry of Roderick; IV. 2, 
as far as “And those to come shall sweetly sleep to- 


292 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


gether” (with the exception of the song), the remainder 
of the scene showing Fletcher overwritten by Theobald; 
V. 1 (as revised by Theobald); and, also revised, V. 2, 
from “Thou art a right one,” though as far as “Duke. 
Weep not, child” has been left as originally written, 
the persistent Theobald, to atone for this, having left 
nothing whatever of Fletcher from “Leon. The right- 
eous powers at length have crown’d our loves” onward. 
I do not know how any one acquainted with the peculi- 
arities of Fletcher’s style can deny his authorship of the 
portions of the play I have marked as his. To quote 
lines in proof, I can hardly do better than follow Mr. 
Bradford, whose choice of passages is excellent. 

To any unprejudiced critic acquainted with the char- 
acteristics of Fletcher (bearing in mind that it is the 
Fletcher of The Two Noble Kinsmen, Henry VIII, and 
The Honest Man?s Fortune, and not the Fletcher of 
Rule a Wife) 1 may confidently point to this, from 
ERE SE 

“She’s stol’n away; and whither gone I know not. 
Cam. She has a fair blessing in being from you, sir. 

I was too poor a brother for your greatness: 

You must be grafted into noble stocks 

And have your titles raised. My state was laughed at, 


And my alliance scorn’d. I’ve lost a son too, 
Which must not be put up so.” 


And this, from IV. 1: 


“Mast, Have you learnt the whistle yet, and when to fold, 
And how to make the dog bring in the strayers? 

Viol, Time, sir, will furnish me with all these rules. 
My will is able, but my knowledge weak, sir. 

Mast. That’s a good child. Why dost thou blush, my boy? — 
(Aside) ’Tis certainly a woman.—Speak, my boy. 


Shakespeare Plays 293 


» Viol. Heav’n, how I tremble!—’Tis unusual to me 

To find such kindness at a master’s hand, 

That am a poor boy, ev’ry way unable, 

Unless it be in pray’rs, to merit it. 

Besides, I’ve often heard old people say 

Too much indulgence makes boys rude and sawcy. 
Mast. Are you so cunning? 
Viol. (aside) How his eyes shake fire 

And measure ev’ry piece of youth about me!— 

The ewes want water, sir: shall I go drive ’em 

Down to the cisterns? Shall I make haste, sir? — 

(Aside) Would I were five miles from him! How he gripes me! 
Mast. Come, come: all this is not sufficient, child, 

To make a fool of me. This is a fine hand, 

A delicate fine hand—never change colour: 

You understand me—and a woman’s hand.” 


And this, from IV. 2: 


“T cannot get this false man’s memory 
Out of my mind. You maidens that shall live 
To hear my mournful tale when I am ashes, 
Be wise, and to an oath no more give credit, 
To tears, to vows (false both), or anything 
A man shall promise, than to clouds, that now 
Bear such a pleasing shape, and now are nothing; 
For they will cozen (if they may be cozen’d) 
The very gods they worship.” 


And, finally, this, from V. 1: 


“And dare you lose these to be advocate 
For such a brother, such a sinful brother, 
Such an unfaithful, treacherous, brutal brother?” 


Here are recognizable examples of Fletcher’s tricks of 
repetition, of sentence-building and of phraseology; 
and the habit of thought is his. Throughout the play 
the characterization is so badly blurred that it is diffi- 


294 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


cult to draw any conclusion from it; but, as Mr. Brad- 
ford remarks, the two old men are “exactly the types 
of garrulous, waspish, fretful, pompous old men” dear 
to Fletcher. As they are barely mentioned in the Cer- 
vantes story, their introduction is of considerable signifi- 
cance as pointing to Fletcher’s authorship of the play. 

Mr. Bradford does not expressly say that in the earlier 
part of the play he can recognize the voice of Shake- 
speare; but one can see that he is deterred from doing 
so by that fear which appears to assail all literary critics 
when they are asked to pass an opinion on the spurious- 
ness of passages in what passes for Shakespeare’s work 
or on the Shakespearean quality of passages in plays not 
received into the canon. It needs even more courage to 
declare any play outside the canon to be in any degree 
Shakespeare’s than to question the authenticity of scenes 
in the canonical plays which the high Panjandrums of 
the Elizabethan drama have treated as indubitably genu- 
ine; so, instead of blaming Mr. Bradford for his reti- 
cence, we may be grateful to him for having dared to 
say all he did say. In indicating his belief in Shakes- 
peare’s presence he flew in the teeth of all that had been 
said on the subject of Double Falsehood. Thus Mr. 
D. Nichol Smith, in his “Eighteenth Century Essays,” 
remarked that, in ascribing the play to Shakespeare, 
Theobald “must at least stand convicted of ignorance of 
the Shaksperean manner” (a criticism that overlooks the 
admitted fact of Theobald’s adaptation) ; Sir Sidney Lee 
maintained that there was “nothing in the play as pub- 
lished by Theobald to suggest Shakspere’s hand”; and 
Professor Lounsbury declared that there was “scarcely 
a trace of the great dramatist in it, even of his best or 


Shakespeare Plays 295 


worst manner.” Mr. Sykes tells me that he is “ex- 
tremely sceptical” of Shakespeare’s presence; and Mr. 
Wells sees neither Fletcher nor Shakespeare. Mr. Brad- 
ford in his article reminds me that I too have written 
similarly, having pronounced the play to contain “noth- 
ing that could have been written by Fletcher or Shak- 
spere.” It was a rash statement, characteristic of the 
attitude of more than myself. Overcome by the preva- 
lence of the idea that the play was by Theobald him- 
self, I supposed it outside my scope (which was confined 
to the plays of the Beaumont and Fletcher cycle), and 
gave but a casual glance at a chance page or two of a 
copy in the British Museum. I confess my fault, and 
retract. 

Mr. Bradford speaks, justly, of the presence of “a 
firmer, stronger hand” than Fletcher’s. Overlaid by 
Theobald’s, this hand is to be seen in the first two 
speeches of the opening scene, in I. 2 (with the excep- 
tion of ten speeches beginning “Leon. What do you 
mean???), in I. 3,4an 11.1, in II. 2, in II1..1, in ‘the, first 
four speeches of III. 2 and in that portion of the scene 
between “Scene opens to a large hall” and “Most per- 
jur’d if I do,” and in five speeches of IV. 1 immediately 
succeeding Julio’s entry (the first of these five having 
apparently undergone no alteration by the editor). As 
for the rest of I. 1 and 2, the balance of III. 2, and 
the remainder of IV. 1 to the reéntry of Violante, as 
well as the conclusion of that scene, they seem to be 
entirely the work of the reviser, though his portions of 
III. 2 and IV. 1 may possibly hold some fragments of 
the work of the older writer, from whom may perhaps 
also come the opening portion of the final scene. 


296 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


This writer I believe to have been Shakespeare; but 
in coming to a determination on the point one has to be 
guided largely by the external evidence and the proba- 
bilities, for the original work has been too heavily over- 
laid for the writer’s touch to be clear and unmistak- 
able. It may to some people seem strange that so much 
of Fletcher’s work should have been left intact when 
that of his greater comrade was so badly mangled; but 
Mr. Bradford argues quite soundly and reasonably that 
Shakespeare’s work, in “the rugged, vigorous, difficult 
thought” of his later period, would be more likely than 
“Fletcher’s fluent theatrical rhetoric” to call for revision 
in the preparation of an acting version; and this argu- 
ment is strengthened by a consideration of the taste of 
Theobald and of his time. The fact that Shakespeare’s 
work occurs in the early part of the play may also have 
helped, since it is quite comprehensible that the editor 
may have slackened in the performance of his task as he 
proceeded with it. But, however Theobald may have 
battered Shakespeare’s work, there remain a few lines 
that are markedly Shakespearean in manner. Such are: 


“As if she there seven reigns had slandered Time” 


(1. 3)5 
“Those that subtly make their words their ward, 
Keeping Address at distance” 
(I. 2); 
“My flames are in the flint. 
Haply to lose a husband I may weep; 
Never to get one” 
(1.2); 


and is not this a Shakespearean coinage set in a Shake- 
spearean construction? 


Shakespeare Plays 297 


“What you can say is most unseasonable; what sing, 
Most absonant and harsh” 


(1. 3)5 
and here, printed as prose, is a sentence more like Shake- 
speare than any one else: 


“Not love, but brutal violence prevail’d, 
To which the time and place and opportunity 
Were accessories most dishonorable.” 


(itt) 
The use of “heirs” as a verb (I. 1) also seems to point to 
Shakespeare. And, finally, let me quote a passage from 
III. 1 which it requires some boldness to quote, since it 
contains the famous line denounced by Pope as being 
too bathetical to be by any possibility Shakespeare’s: 


“Ts there a treachery like this in baseness 
Recorded anywhere? It is the deepest; 
None but itself can be its parallel. 
And from a friend professed! Friendship? Why, ’tis 
A word for ever maimed: in human nature 
It was a thing the noblest, and ’mong beasts 
It stood not in mean place: things of fierce nature 
Hold amity and concordance. Such a villany 
A writer could not put down in his scene 
Without taxation of his auditory 
For fiction most enormous.” 


I have not at hand, for quotation, Theobald’s defense 
of the line which Pope ridiculed; but he is stated by 
Lounsbury to have shown conclusively “that this par- 
ticular line selected for animadversion was not different 
in character from several others to be found” in Shake- 
speare. Those who choose may regard the line as consti- 
tuting a theft by Theobald from Massinger’s Duke of 
Milan, IV. 3 (“And, but herself, admits no parallel’) ; 


298 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


but it is more reasonable to look upon it as a proof of 
the anteriority of the play we are dealing with, though, 
if we are seeking for origins, we can go back as far as 
the Hercules Furens of Seneca. Gifford reasonably took 
the line as a proof of the Elizabethan foundation of the 
play, and also pointed out that the use of the word 
“comparison” for “caparison” in I. 3 (“Throw all my 
gay comparisons aside”), over which also Pope made 
merry, was to be matched in Massinger’s Picture (“Rich 
suits, the gay comparisons of pride”), and that it consti- 
tuted a proof of Theobald’s good faith. It is so, I think, 
that it is to be regarded. 

There are other reasons for connecting the play with 
Fletcher and Shakespeare. Mr. Bradford points out that 
betrayal of friendship is the subject of Double False- 
hood as of The Two Noble Kinsmen; that, as the love- 
lorn gaoler’s daughter in the one is overtaken by mad- 
ness, so is the wronged Julio in the other; that the 
conduct of the story is on the lines of the Beaumont and 
Fletcher romantic drama and of the later work of Shake- 
speare; that Fletcher was fond of going to Cervantes for 
his plots; that here, asin The Winters Tale, The T em- 
pest, and Cymbeline, as well as in Pericles, “an important 
element of the dénouement is the common romantic 
theme of the restoration of lost children to their par- 
ents”; that the piling up of climax on climax in the 
closing scene is similar to the nature and conduct of the 
final scene in Cymbeline, and, moreover, that it is accom- 
plished by an entire departure from the original story; 
and that, as in Henry VIII and The Two Noble Kins- 
men,  letcher had nothing to do with the opening scenes. 
He might also have mentioned the use here, as in The 


Shakespeare Plays 299 


T'wo Noble Kinsmen, of the name Gerrold or Gerald. 
I cannot recall it in any other play, though we have an 
occasional Giraldo elsewhere, and Gerrard in Beggars’ 
Bush and The Triumph of Love. 

In places (in II. 2, III. 3, and V. 2) I am reminded 
of Beaumont, but not so strongly as to warrant me in 
supposing him to have been concerned in the work. I 
here, for the purpose of easy reference, tabulate my 
verdict on the play: 


S—IV. 1b (first speech after Julio’s entry), (?) V. 2a 

FI—III. 3b, IV. 1a (perhaps revised by Th), e (from Violante’s 
reéntry to the entry of Roderick), 2a, c, V. 2b 

S and Th—I. 1a (two speeches), 2a, c, 3, II. 1, 2, III. 1, 2a, ¢, 
IV. 1c (four speeches) 

F] and Th—III. 3a (nine speeches), IV. 2d, V. 1, 2c 

Th—I. 1b, 2b, II. 3, 4, III. 2b, d, 3c (closing couplet), IV. 1d, 
f, 2b (song), V. 2d 


Since the publication of my study of this play in 
“Notes and Queries,” an interesting article by Mr. Wal- 
ter Graham has been published in “Modern Philology,” 
volume 14, wherein the verse of the play is submitted to 
the test of comparison with Theobald’s own dramatic 
work, and also with The Two Noble Kinsmen and 
Henry VIII. His findings may be thus summarized, 
calling the Theobald plays “A,” the Fletcherian por- 
tions of The Two Noble Kinsmen and Henry VIII “B,” 
that part of Double Falsehood in which Bradford sees 
the hand of Fletcher “C,” the remainder of the play 
“T),” and the Shakespearean portions of the other two 
Shakespeare and Fletcher plays “E”: 


Percentage of feminine endings—A, 16 to 22.6; B, 58 to 62; 
Cis 21m). 32+ Bet. £0028: 


300 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Percentage of run-on lines—A, 9 to 15; B, 25.8 to 26; S, 25-25 
DD, 25:8 5°H,52> to. $4.0. 

Percentage of weak and light endings—A, .025 to .08; B, .22 
to .23; C, .39; D, 2.7; E, 8.15 to 10.8. 


When one bears in mind that the Shakespeare part 
of Double Falsehood was so largely rewritten, and that, 
as Mr. Graham points out, it must have been greatly 
abridged to secure its reduction to about the dimen- 
sions of Theobald’s own plays, these results are not 
without significance. On Mr. Graham’s figures, Theo- 
bald’s average percentage of feminine endings in his 
three plays is 19.4, Shakespeare’s in The Two Noble 
Kinsmen and Henry VIII is 25.1, and Fletcher’s in the 
same two plays is 60. The percentage in the Fletcher 
and Theobald part of Double Falsehood is then just 
what might be expected, whereas the percentage in the 
Shakespeare and Theobald portion is higher than might 
reasonably be looked for. In the matter of weak and light 
endings, on the contrary, the Shakespeare and Theobald 
percentage is a natural combination of the .o5 of Theo- 
bald with the 9.6 of Shakespeare, in view of the former’s 
predominance, while the .39 of the Fletcher and Theo- 
bald section is: high, being considerably above even the 
.23 of Fletcher. The figure for the run-on lines is en- 
tirely satisfactory in both cases when we remember to 
how much greater an extent Theobald meddled with 
Shakespeare’s work than he did with Fletcher’s, the per- 
centage for his three plays coming out at 11.2, as com- 
pared with Fletcher’s 25.9 and Shakespeare’s 53.4. 
These tests appear then on the whole to be confirmative 
of the division here made. 


In conclusion, I desire to point out that any one 


Shakespeare Plays 301 


who refuses to regard the play as originally Elizabethan 
and looks on it as a shameless forgery by Theobald is 
driven to consider that, though he knew nothing of 
any supposition of a collaboration of Shakespeare and 
Fletcher in a drama on the subject, he yet about midway 
through the play abruptly changed his style and adopted 
what is at least a remarkably good imitation of the 
Fletcherian manner. Had he suspected such collabora- 
tion, he might possibly have done so; but in the circum- 
stances the demand made upon us for an acceptance of 
the theory of mere coincidence is altogether too much. 
The weakness of Sir Sidney Lee’s supposition that 
“Theobald doubtless took advantage of a tradition that 
Shakspere and Fletcher had combined to dramatize the 
Cervantes theme” is that there is no proof of such a 
tradition—that, in fact, there is the strongest reason 
for saying that Theobald had never heard the slightest 
hint of it. The play must therefore be regarded as based 
onan Elizabethan drama, and as containing passages that 
were contained in the original, and the early author of 
the latter portion of it must on internal evidence be set 
down as Fletcher. If we admit so much, we have made 
a big stride toward admitting the presence of Shake- 
speare—a circumstance that may cause many to deny 
Fletcher’s participation. That both are present I have 
no doubt. Let me say, to avert misunderstanding, that I 
am not ascribing Double Falsehood partly to Shake- 
speare merely on the strength of a few odd lines bearing 
some resemblance to his style. I base my view on the 
strong case made for Fletcher by the combined external 
and internal evidence, and by the fact that the external 
evidence and the probabilities unite to make Shakespeare 


302 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fletcher’s collaborator; wherefore, as certain passages 
bear the imprint of his style and manner of thought, I 
feel justified in regarding them as his. 


40. Henry VIII. 


Whatever its dramatic faults, and it has several, 
Henry VIII, like the play next to be dealt with, must 
be regarded as in the front rank of the plays we have to 
consider. First published in the 1623 Shakespeare folio, 
and later in the three following folios, it did not appear 
in either of the Beaumont and Fletcher folios. To de- 
duce from that fact that neither Beaumont nor Fletcher 
was in any way concerned in it would not be warranted: 
the prior inclusion in the Shakespeare folios would prac- 
tically ensure its omission from the Beaumont and 
Fletcher folios. There is no doubt about the company 
that produced it, for, under the title of “All is True,” 
it was being performed at the Globe when the theater 
was burnt to the ground, in June, 1613. There is no 
doubt about the date; but was that production the origi- 
nal one? and has the play come down to us in the form 
in which it was then acted? 

Efforts have been made to date it back to the reign 
of Elizabeth, because of the apotheosis of the great 
Queen. I have seen an attempt made by one apparently 
more anxious to make out a case than to ascertain the 
truth to claim the play as an apology for Henry and a 
glorification of Anne, and therefore as Elizabethan; 
while another, seemingly equally determined to main- 
tain a preconceived view rather than to look facts fairly 
in the face, declared the play to be antagonistic to Anne 
and a showing-up of the king, and therefore not Eliza- 


Shakespeare Plays 303 


bethan. I do not see that anything can be deduced from 
the treatment of either Henry or Anne. The sympathetic 
treatment of Katharine seems post-Elizabethan, while 
the prediction of the greatness of Elizabeth seems on the 
contrary as if it should be pre-Jacobean. The fact is, 
however, that internal evidence shows this flattery of 
Elizabeth to be by Fletcher, so that, however unlikely 
it may seem for it to have been written after the acces- 
sion of James, it must assuredly date from his reign. 
It is quite possible that the drama may have been based 
on an old play of the Queen’s reign; but I do not my- 
self see any traces of such a play. Wotton, too, distinctly 
speaks of it as new in 1613. It seems, however, to read 
to Chambers as if it were a rehandling of the Bucking- 
ham which the Sussex’? men were playing in 1593-4. 
A more reasonable suggestion is that it may have been 
one of a group of plays staged in the earliest years of 
the seventeenth century on the subject of the reign 
of Henry VIII. If Chettle had a play of Wolsey on 
the stage in June, 1601, and Mundy, Drayton, and 
Chettle did a Rise of Wolsey in October and November 
of the same year, and Samuel Rowley’s Henry VIII 
was produced in May, 1603, may not Shakespeare’s play 
have come then, in rivalry to these? We can hardly 
fancy Rowley’s play being brought out in opposition to 
Shakespeare’s; so it would mean a date for the King’s 
men’s play later than May, 1603. But there is really no 
ground for believing that the play of 1613 was not then 
enjoying its first run. The new editions of Samuel Row- 
ley’s play and the apocryphal Cromwell in 1613 were 
probably the outcome of its production. Fleay thinks 
that Shakespeare’s part of the play was written in 1609, 


304 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


that it was finished by Fletcher in 1613, and partly 
destroyed in the fire; but I am not aware of any strong 
arguments for that view. 

Whether the play as it stands dates from 1613 is an- 
other matter. There are certain indications that it does 
not. The prologue is addressed to 


“The first and happiest hearers of the town” 


and speaks of the charge for admission as a shilling. 
Fleay therefore thought it had been written for and 
spoken at the Blackfriars, whereas the play of 1613 was 
given at the Globe; but Mr. W. J. Lawrence has given 
excellent reasons for rejecting this inference. If there 
was a production at the Blackfriars sometime between 
1613 and 1623, it is possible that there may have been 
some rewriting, especially as the original manuscript may 
have been destroyed in the fire. That it is more than a 
possibility is shown by the fact pointed out by Fleay that 
an old ballad speaks of the reprobates praying for the 
fool in the play on the occasion of the fire, whereas 
there is no fool in the play as we know it. Another signifi- 
cant fact is the double title. I am inclined to think that a 
double title (whether alternative or changed) is an al- 
most sure sign that the play concerned has known revival, 
and probably rewriting. It may not, however, do so in 
this case; for it is to be noted that, of three contemporary 
writers who refer to the Globe fire, two speak of the 
play by its present title, while the third describes it as 
“All is True, representing some principal pieces of the 
Raign of Henry 8.” There need be no doubt that “All 
is True” was the right name (Sir Henry Wotton, the 
authority in question, would hardly either imagine or in- 


"e191 qnogv ‘UopuoTy [0 ALIIm paaviésua Uv WoL 


IAIVIY | 9q07]) PY |, 


Shakespeare Plays 305 


vent it); and it may be that the other two knew only the 
subject of the play, and not its real title. It is held that 
the old title is referred to thrice in the prologue. The 
spectators are told they “may here find truth,” are 
warned not to “rank our chosen truth” with trivial shows, 
_ and are assured of 


“The opinion that we bring 
To make that only true we now intend.” 


But it is not certain that any allusion to the title is in- 
tended, though the chances are that it is. If, then, the 
prologue was written for a revival, it means that the old 
title was retained. On the whole, it may be said that, 
though there is a probability of a revision after 1613, 
there is no certainty of it. Even the number of mute 
people on the stage in the course of the play—in I. 2, 
Lovell and Suffolk; in II. 1, Sands; in II. 4, the Arch- 
bishop of Canterbury and the Bishops of Ely, Rochester, 
and St. Asaph; in III. 1, Lovell; and, in V. 5, several— 
does not necessarily imply abridgment in a work that is 
so largely spectacle. There is perhaps more to be inferred 
from the purposelessness of I. 3. Spedding considered 
the festivity of V inconsistent with the Prologue’s fore- 
cast of the trend of events, and thought that dual au- 
thorship was shown by the excitement of sympathy in a 
contrary direction to the course of action, and by the 
triumph of the king’s case, though it is represented as 
bad; but this surely was determined by the facts of 
history. The inconsistencies to which Spedding directed 
attention seem to be rather proofs of revision than of 
simultaneous joint authorship; but they may be held to 
point rather to a revision or completion of earlier work 


306 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


in 1613 than to revision of work originally done in 
1613. 

Since Spedding and Hickson advanced the theory of 
Fletcher’s participation, it is but few critics who have 
held to the old view of Shakespeare’s sole authorship. 
Swinburne admitted the likeness of much of it to the 
work of Fletcher, but declared against him because to 
accept him meant giving to him the death-scene of 
Katharine. Halliwell-Phillipps was another. Among 
later men of note I know of but one who denies the 
presence of Fletcher. This is Mr. Charles Crawford, 
who wrote me some years ago that I must be prepared 
to see that dramatist “knocked out of” Henry VIII; 
but, if he ever did the work thus foreshadowed, it has 
never been published. Mr. Baldwin Maxwell, more 
moderately, urges stylistic differences between the non- 
Shakespearean portions of the play and the dramas of © 
Fletcher, and argues that these suggest that, “if indeed 
he had a hand in the play at all, his participation was 
limited: either he was revising another’s work or the 
peculiarities of his style and method were modified by a 
collaborator.” Mr. W. J. Lawrence regards the text as 
representing “Fletcher’s later revision of Shakspere.” 

A few acceptors of Fletcher have gone farther, and, 
in face of the strong external evidence, to say nothing 
of the internal, have denied Shakespeare any share. 
Boyle was the first, his theory being that the Shakespeare 
play had been destroyed in the Globe fire, and that the 
present one was written by Fletcher and Massinger to 
take its place. Dr. Aldis Wright also denied the presence 
of Shakespeare, though he did not express any view as 
to the real responsibility for the play. Mr. J. M. Robert- 


Shakespeare Plays 307 


son thinks the theory of Fletcher and Massinger’s au- 
thorship “probably sound.” Browning thought there was 
nothing in the play beyond the scope of Massinger. Mr. 
Pooler leans in the same direction, but sees a Shake- 
spearean foundation badly mangled in the rewriting. 
Mr. Sykes is the principal champion to-day of the opin- 
ion that would substitute Massinger for Shakespeare, 
and in the course of his pleadings puts forward the 
following remarkable view: “The a priori arguments 
against the proposition that Shakspere, Massinger, and 
Fletcher all had a hand in the play and that the sugges- 
tions of Massinger’s hand are to be accounted for by his 
revision of Shakspere’s work seem to me even stronger 
than those against the attribution of the play to Shaks- 
pere and Fletcher alone. That Massinger . . . should 
have considered himself capable of improving upon the 
work of the acknowledged master of his art . . . seems 
to me utterly inconceivable.” There is here an unwar- 
rantable assumption of vanity on the part of play- 
patchers. Vanity was not, I take it, the controlling fac- 
tor—was, in fact, so slight a factor that it may safely 
be ignored. A company’s “poet” was given revisory work 
to do, and had to do it. That is all there was to it. 

Such present-day critics as Parrott, Wells, and Cruick- 
shank will have none of this substitution of Massinger 
for Shakespeare. The last-named calls attention to the 
“complete absence of Massinger’s sentences and frequent 
parentheses, as also of his peculiar vocabulary. ... 
There is a curious series of links in the play by which 
characters who are to come on later are introduced. 
. .. This is a method of which I can recall no instance 
in Massinger’s undoubted plays. . . . The way in which 


308 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


... historical details are dragged in is quite unlike Mas- 
singer, and very like Shakspere.” Mr. W. E. Farnham 
(Publications of the Modern Language Association, vol- 
ume XX X1) has shown that in the use of colloquial con- 
tractions the play conforms with Shakespeare’s practice, 
and not with Massinger’s; and this is a hurdle which 
it is not easy for the Massingerians to jump. Finally, as 
Miss Marjorie H. Nicolson says (in Publications of the 
Modern Language Association, volume XXXVII), 
Boyle gives his case away when he says that Shake- 
speare’s style of versification is not distinguishable from 
Massinger’s, though the statement is, in point of fact, 
absurd. This writer, in a remarkably able article, argues 
that the non-Fletcherian portion of the play was the 
first written. If that be so, the odds against its having 
been by Massinger are very heavy. 

Between the Fletcher inclusionists and the Shake- 
speare exclusionists have stood those who have accepted 
the presence of Massinger, but have declined to cast out 
Shakespeare. Such are Fleay and Ward and Bullen, and, 
more recently, Chelli (who looks on Fletcher and Mas- 
singer as revisers); and Macaulay seems inclined to go 
with them, though he is doubtful about Massinger. It 
is a far more reasonable attitude than the other. The 
inclusion of the play in the folio of 1623 as Shake- 
speare’s is something not to be cast aside in the light and 
airy way in which Mr. Sykes disposes of it. My own 
view, as expressed in “E. S.,”* was in line with the 

* My division was: 

S—I. 2a, c, II. 4, III. 2a (to King’s exit), V.1 


FI—I. 3, 4, Il.1a, 2a, c, Ill.1, 2b, IV. rb, 2, V.2, 3b (from 
Guard’s entry) -5 


Shakespeare Plays 309 


attitude taken up by Fleay and Bullen, in that I found 
place for all three authors; but I was much less liberal 
than they in transferring scenes from Shakespeare to 
Massinger. When I made my reéxamination, I became 
convinced that, even then, I had not been conservative 
enough, and that the hints of Massinger were too slight 
to warrant me in accepting the theory of his participation, 
though I still thought the prologue and epilogue his. A 
still later examination, however, persuades me that Mas- 
singer is really present, though in minute quantities. He 
seems to me to have acted merely as editor and reviser, 
and not to have attempted any extensive rewriting. As 
I propose to deal now with the scenes in which I for- 
merly saw Massinger’s hand, those in which I now see 
it, and those in which Sykes sees it, it may be well 
first to give Sykes’ division of the play. He accords to 
Fletcher the prologue, II. 2, III. 2 (from the exit of 
the King), V. 2, 4, 5; and to Massinger, the epilogue, 
I. 1 (with perhaps “a touch of Fletcher’s revision”), 2, 
Fie, Aseubl, 2a(tosexat of, King), 1V.t5eV sat 3: thesnect 
being mixed. 

I judge I. 1 to be wholly Shakespeare’s. The verse 
is markedly in his manner, and not at all in the manner 
of Massinger; the parallels adduced by Sykes are not 
convincing; and the piece of technique that keeps Buck- 
ingham away from the meeting of the kings, so that he 
may be told of it, is too cheap and common a device to 

M—I. 2b (the latter part of Wolsey’s longest speech), II. 1b (from 
Buck’s exit), IV. 1a (to Procession), V. 3a 

S and M—I. 1, II. 3 

Fl and M—II. 2b (from Cham’s exit to Wol’s) 


I now treat V as consisting of five scenes, instead of only four, as 
previously. My former scene 2 is now scenes 2 and 3. 


310 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


warrant one in building anything on it. In I.2 the 
parallels Sykes quotes are a hundred per cent stronger. 
In “E. S.” I declared the latter half of Wolsey’s second 
speech to be an insertion by Massinger. It seemed to me 
that Shakespeare ended it with the word “censurers,” 


the passage running: 


‘We must not stint 
Our necessary actions, in the fear 
To cope malicious censurers. 
King. Things done well, 
And with a care, exempt themselves from fear”; 


and the parallels that Mr. Sykes adduces from this pas- 
sage confirm me in my view. Similarly, I believe that the 
earlier lines (also quoted in part by Mr. Sykes), 
“That you would love yourself, and in that love 

Not unconsidered leave your honour nor 

The dignity of your office, is the point 

Of my petition. 

King. Lady mine, proceed,” 


are also a Massinger insertion, the passage having origi- 
nally run: 
“QO, Kath. Thank your Majesty. 
I am solicited, not by a few.” 
The earlier line which Mr. Sykes shows reason to regard 
as Massinger’s— 
“Nay, we must longer kneel: I am a suitor’— 


may also be an insertion. It may be noted that, according 
to the stage directions, “The King riseth from his state, 
takes her up, kisses, and placeth her by him,” after 
which she says 


“Nay, we must longer kneel: I am a suitor,” 


Shakespeare Plays a14 
and he replies 


“Arise and take place by us,” 


though we are probably to understand these remarks as 
preceding the action indicated. It may be, however, that 
the whole of the first four speeches after the Queen’s 
entry are an insertion. 

The first two speeches of I. 3 offer another little addi- 
tion by Massinger; but I judge them to be his less by 
the conjunction of “juggle” and “mysteries” in the first 
speech, which appeals so much to Mr. Sykes, than by the 
tone and style of the second. In the duologue that con- 
cludes II. 1 there are signs of the presence of Massinger 
as well as of Fletcher, and in the next scene, in which 
Mr. Sykes sees no sign of him, I believe we have Mas- 
singer inserting half-a-dozen lines, to bring in a touch 
of justice, Fletcher having written, 


““Where’s Gardiner? 
Prithee call Gardiner to me, my new secretary,” 


and Massinger having introduced between the two lines 


“Wol. I know your majesty has always loved her 
So dear in heart not to deny her that 
A woman of less place might ask by law, 
Scholars allow’d freely to argue for her. 

King. Ay, and the best she shall have, and my favor 
To him that does best: God forbid else! Cardinal.” 


In regard to II. 4 I am quite at odds with Mr. Sykes. 
When he compares Katharine’s speech with Theocrine’s 
in IV. 1 of The Unnatural Combat, and asks, “Could 
there be anything more striking than the resemblance of 
these two speeches in tone, phrasing, and metre?” I can 


312 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


only reply that they would never strike me as being from 
the one mint. Nor do the arguments for the presence of 
Massinger in III. 1 and 2 impress me. The verse of the 
former is markedly Fletcherian; and in the latter it is 
extraordinary to find lines like 


“My prayers to heaven for you, my loyalty, 
Which ever has and ever shall be growing, 
Till death, that winter, kill it” 


treated as characteristic of Massinger. The parallels pro- 
duced seem to me to bear no resemblance; and surely the 
lines themselves are infinitely more reminiscent of the 
manner of Fletcher than that of Massinger. The remain- 
ing scenes call for no remark; but some general criticism 
of Mr. Sykes’ methods and conclusions by Professor 
Baldwin Maxwell, in “Modern Philology,” February, 
1926, is not to be overlooked. This critic, arguing that 
the resemblances between Henry VIII and Massinger’s 
plays are the outcome of that dramatist’s habit of bor- 
rowing from Shakespeare, points out that he borrows as 
heavily from Hamlet, Othello, and Coriolanus as from 
Henry VIIT; that the three or four Massinger plays in 
which Sykes finds the greatest number of parallels to 
Henry VIII were all written after the appearance of 
the Shakespeare folio of 1623, which was presumably 
the source; and that, instead of the influence of Shake- 
speare being most obvious in Massinger in his earlier 
period, as is necessary for the acceptance of Sykes’ case, 
it is most marked in such comparatively late plays as 
The Great Duke of Florence (1627) and The Emperor 
of the East (1630-1). This criticism is very destruc- 
tive of Mr. Sykes’ position. 


Shakespeare Plays 13 


I shall now proceed to set out my division of the 
play: 


S—I. 1, Il. 4, Ill. 2b (four speeches preceding King’s exit), IV. 
1b (First Gentleman’s longest speech), V. 1 

F1—I. 3b, 4, Il. 1a (to Buckingham’s exit), III. 1, 2c, IV. 1a, ¢, 
2, Vra~5)", 

M—I. 3a (two speeches) 

S and FI—II. 3, II. 2a 

S and M—I. 2 

Fl and M—II. 1b, 2 


Of the authorship of the prologue and the epilogue 
I am not so certain as I was; but I am still inclined to 
think them Massinger’s. They are marked by a couple 
of notable rhymes, “see”—“story” in the one, and “in” 
—“women” in the other. There are also in the play itself 
some constructions worth noting—“Was reckoned one 
the wisest prince” (IV. 4), “Spoke one the least word 
that” (IV. 4), “And a soul none better in my kingdom” 
(V. 1), “You speak of two the most remark’d i’ the 
kingdom” (V.1), “How have ye done since last we 
saw in France?” (I. 1). 

I have accepted the theory of Massinger’s revision; 
but I do not feel too confident that I am right in doing 
so. A few of Mr. Sykes’ parallels are weighty; but the 
play contains very little of the characteristic style of 
the dramatist. My conclusion that his work was con- 
fined to the interpolation of brief passages here and 
there seems to me to account for the phenomena better 
than any other. It may be that the revision was made 
very shortly after 1613, which may help to explain 
why his touch is less easy to distinguish than usual. 

Fleay gives but three scenes to Shakespeare; and Bul- 


314 Ihe Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


len says the play “appears to be in the main” the work 
of Fletcher and Massinger, “some Shaksperean pas- 
sages (notably the trial-scene of Katharine) having been 
incorporated.” Ward also thinks Shakespeare’s part very 
smal]. H. Conrad, who regards the play as “Fletcher’s 
Werk, tiberarbeitet von Shakespeare” (“Englische Stu- 
dien,” volume LII), gives Fletcher the prologue, I. 3, 
II. 2, III. 2 (from the King’s exit), IV. 1, 2 (with a lit- 
tle Shakespeare), V. 2-5; Fletcher and Shakespeare 
jointly, I. 4, II. 1, III. 1; and the rest to Shakespeare. 
Gayley gives Shakespeare part of at least five scenes; 
Fletcher, the rest. Mr. P. E. More, working on the 
“ye” test, allows Fletcher I. 4, II. 1, 2, III. 1, 2 (from 
the King’s exit), IV. 1, 2, V.3, 4, 5, and doubtfully 
L.4and V.2) 

Finally, attention must be paid to the views of Mr. 
Baldwin Maxwell. He argues against Fletcher’s author- 
ship on these grounds: (1) the pronounced verbal bor- 
rowing from Holinshed is not in accord with his practice, 
especially as displayed in Bonduca, his one play based 
upon the chronicler’s work; (2) the use of “maxims, 
proverbs, and concisely worded observations upon hu- 
man nature” is opposed to his habit; (3) the employ- 
ment of “an involved and parenthetical mode of con- 
struction” is uncommon in his work; (4) the percentage 
of run-on lines is heavier than is usual with him; (5) 
the marked Fletcherian habit of repetition of words is 
very slightly in evidence; (6) the only parallels known 
to Mr. Maxwell between Fletcher’s work and the non- 
Shakespearean part of Henry VIII are one in Philaster 


Vea }o 
“All your better deeds 


Shall be in water writ, but this in marble”— 


Shakespeare Plays 315 
which seems to be echoed in 


26 F Le TAG 
Men’s evil manners live in brass; their virtues 
We write in water” 


(IV. 2), 


and one in Fletcher’s lines “Upon an Honest Man’s 
Fortune,” which need not concern us, because it is it- 
self the echo. 

To take the last point first, I may say that it would 
not trouble me if there were not a single parallel; but, 
as a matter of fact, there are at least two others. With 
“I shall fall like a bright exhalation” (III. 2) may be 
compared “Fall like spent exhalations,” in Thierry and 
Theodoret, 1V.1; and, more important, I venture to 
think, because not at all likely to invite copying, the 
repetition of the phrase “running banquet” (which oc- 
curs in both I. 4 and V. 4) in V. 4 of The Loyal Sub- 
ject. Hickson pointed out the Fletcherian use of “one” 
as a substantive, “thousand” without the article, and 
“else” at the end of a clause; while Mr. C. Knox Pooler 
has rightly described “a long farewell” as one of 
Fletcher’s cherished phrases. (Shakespeare has “Iris, 
long farewell” in Antony, V.2; but this is a solitary 
instance.) As regards the third, fourth, and fifth argu- 
ments, I quite admit that the Fletcherian characteristics 
are here in greatly modified form. As I remarked in 
“F. S.,” “Fletcher seems more in earnest (because, I 
suppose, he was more on his mettle) here than else- 
where; and in consequence we have here his best work. 
Beaumont apparently exercised a certain amount of good 
influence over him; but Shakspere seems to have exer- 
cised more.” But, though pruned down, the character- 


316 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


istics are there. They may occur much less frequently 
than ordinarily in Fletcher’s work; but they are of the 
peculiar Fletcher quality. If, as I maintain, the style of 
the verse is decidedly Fletcher’s, then the importance 
of Mr. Maxwell’s first two points vanishes. I admit, 
however, that the point regarding the use of sources is a 
strong one. Why Fletcher should here have departed 
from his usual custom is a question I cannot answer: 
my reply is, that he did it; and that I do not know 
why. 

If my division of the play be right, we have Mas- 
singer seen as a late reviser, interlarding with matter of 
his own the work of both Shakespeare and Fletcher; 
but also there seem to be indications that Shakespeare’s 
work was done prior to Fletcher’s. Perhaps all three of 
the Shakespeare-Fletcher plays of 1613 were fixed up 
by Fletcher from earlier drafts by the master. 


41. Julius Cesar. 


Here we have to consider a play that but one critic 
has ever seen fit to award in part to either of our au- 
thors. I take it with the others because I believe that this 
solitary investigator is right—not wholly so; but suffi- 
ciently so for the play to be regarded as having a just 
claim to a place among the Beaumont dramas. 

The investigator to whom I have referred is Mr. 
William Wells, and his work on the subject is entitled 
“The Authorship of Julius Cesar,’ which was pub- 
lished in 1923. The previous year had witnessed the 
issue of the first part of Mr. J. M. Robertson’s “Shake- 
speare Canon,” in which also the question of the author- 


Shakespeare Plays per 


ship of Julius Cesar had been considered with the en- 
tire freedom from conventional views characteristic of 
that writer. He considers that the play was “originated, 
apparently by Marlowe, before 1590,” that “in 1595 or 
soon after” a revision was made, “in which apparently 
Drayton as well as Chapman shared”; that, at that 
stage, “the play ended with the present third act, which 
would be the fifth of the original”; that there was a 
sequel play, which Shakespeare (who had also been 
concerned in the earlier revision) revised in or before 
1607; and that, finally, either soon afterwards or after 
Shakespeare’s death, the two plays were compressed into 
one by Jonson. It is a complicated theory; but it is not 
necessarily a false one. Wells’ view is that the play was 
written by Marlowe in or about 1589; that in writing it 
Marlowe had in view the circumstances attending the 
assassination of the Duke of Guise at the close of 1588 
(a subject which he afterwards dealt with in The Mas- 
sacre at Paris); that of this play Shakespeare began a 
revision in or about 1609, but for some unknown reason 
abandoned it; and that Beaumont was then called in to 
finish the work, being given the Marlowe play, Shake- 
speare’s fragment, and Plutarch’s “Lives,” with which to 
do the best he could. Wells’ division of the play on this 
theory of its construction gives the first fifty-seven lines 
to Shakespeare, and V. 2 and the first twenty-two lines 
of V. 3, and, doubtfully, II. 3 and 4, to Beaumont, 
sharing the rest between the oldest and the youngest of 
the three writers. He holds that Marlowe’s work was 
largely based on Lucan; the others’ on Plutarch. Mr. 
Robertson and Mr. Wells agree in depriving Shake- 
speare of the credit of Mark Antony’s great harangue. 


318 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


I had myself, many years before (in “Modern Lan- 
guage Review,” October, 1908), put forward views that, 
though mild in comparison with those of the two investi- 
gators to whom I have just referred, were antagonistic 
to the conservative ones generally held. I argued that 
there had plainly been much curtailment and alteration, 
as indicated by the number of times characters on the 
stage had nothing to say, the giving of the name Lepi- 
dus to two different characters, the confounding of 
Lucius with Lucilius, and the addressing of two non- 
characters, Labeo and Flavius, in V. 3, instead of the 
mute Strato and Volumnius; and that there was stuff in 
V. 3 that manifestly belonged to the early days of the 
drama. I treated it as early matter of Shakespeare’s, to 
whom I conceded the entire play. I have no doubt that 
I was wrong, that I did not go far enough. 

Some twenty years before my own article was written, 
Fleay had put forward the radical suggestion that Shake- 
speare’s play had been in two parts, and that Jonson had 
compressed them into one, the play as it has come down 
to us. Of the many arguments he advanced, the follow- 
ing are the most convincing: the name Antony is so 
spelled nowhere else in Shakespeare, though it occurs 
in seven other plays, but is so spelled by Jonson; the 
phrase “bear me hard,” met with in Jonson’s Catiline 
(IV. 5), is found in I. 2, II. 1, and III. 1, but nowhere 
else in Shakespeare; the great number of short lines 
where no pause is required are an indication of abridg- 
ment; and Jonson in his “Discoveries” derides Shake- 
speare for making Cesar say 


“Cesar did never wrong but with just cause,” 


Shakespeare Plays 319 
whereas in the play the passage stands: 


“Know, Cesar doth not wrong, nor without cause 
Will he be satisfied,” 


the passage having presumably been corrected by Jon- 
son. These four arguments have some force against the 
custom of regarding the play as wholly Shakespeare’s; 
but they do not go very far toward helping us to see 
the hand of Jonson. 

The play is distinctly referred to in Weever’s “Mir- 
ror of Martyrs,” published in 1601, but claimed in the 
dedication to have been “made fit for the print” some 
two years previously. There are also references to it in 
Jonson’s Every Man out of his Humour (1599); there- 
fore a date later than 1598 is practically out of the ques- 
tion. As Meres (September 7, 1598) does not mention 
it among the plays of Shakespeare, we have the date 
within very close limits, if it be entirely Shakespeare’s; 
though it may be urged that, if the original play was as 
wooden as V.2 and 3 and a few passages elsewhere 
would serve to indicate, it need not cause surprise if 
Meres did not think it worthy of mention. The more 
reasonable deduction, however, is that, if the play was 
then in existence, it was not mainly Shakespeare’s. In 
many parts the language is archaic; the verse is equally 
old-fashioned; and the dramatic technique is of a kind 
that had long dropped out of use by 1600. Bradley tried 
to account for the simplicity of the language by suppos- 
ing that Shakespeare was endeavoring to fit it to his con- 
ception of the manners of republican Rome; but not only 
did Shakespeare never do this, but, as Wells points out, 
Coriolanus, dealing with an even ruder age, employs the 


320 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


same language as Antony and Cleopatra. And, more- 
over, while Bradley fails to account for the simplicity of 
the language, his argument touches not at all upon the 
verse’s stylistic out-of-dateness. 

I feel confident that some of the verse in Julius 
Cesar dates back to at least 1590. Is there then any 
reason afforded by external evidence for such early 
dating? Yes, there is some. In Peele’s Edward J and in 
Marlowe’s Edward II (and, as Robertson points out, 
also, though less markedly, in Alphonsus of Aragon and 
Henry V) there are references to a scene of the entry 
of Rome by Cesar as a conqueror. That no such scene 
is found in the existing play may either mean that these 
are references to some other drama or indicate that this 
play has undergone revision. Marlowe has another allu- 
sion in The Massacre: 


““As Cesar to his soldiers, so say I: 
Those that hate me will I learn to loathe.” 


There are also three allusions to Cassius in Greene’s 
Orlando and Friar Bacon and Peele’s Alphonsus, Em- 
peror of Germany, and all bear the appearance of being 
references to current drama; and the last-mentioned 
play further refers, in the lines 


“Methinks I now present Mark Anthony 
Folding dead Julius Cesar in his arms,” 


to an occurrence that, if once it had a place in the play, 
is no longer there. Finally, as Wells has pointed out, 
Marlowe in The Massacre has taken from II. 2 of Julius 
Cesar the words “Yet Czsar shall go forth.” One can 
hardly regard so markedly Czsarian a reference as be- 


Shakespeare Plays 32; 


ing taken from The Massacre for Julius Cesar; and 
one must also bear in mind Wells’ view that in the 
former play Marlowe “had Czsar in mind when dealing 
with the happenings to the Guise.” Further, we have in 
Greene’s autobiographical narrative “Never too Late” 
(1590) a distinct reference to a play of Marlowe’s in 
which occurred the words “Ave, Czsar”; and a passage 
in Orlando, already referred to, tells us that the charac- 
ter using the words was Cassius: 


“He knows the county, like to Cassius, 
Sits, sadly dumping, aiming Czsar’s death, 
Yet crying ‘Ave!’ to his majesty.” 


I take it then that there was certainly a play by Mar- 
lowe on the subject of Julius Caesar. What we have 
next to consider is, whether or not it was the foundation 
of the existing Shakespearean play. 

That there has been a great deal of alteration, inter- 
polation, and abridgment is obvious. As the story is told, 
the Flavius and Marullus of the opening scene are pur- 
poseless characters; of all the numerous characters, but 
four—Antony, Brutus, Cassius, and Lucius—are com- 
mon to the two parts into which the play divides itself ; 
Brutus is quite differently characterized in the last two 
acts from what he is in the first three; his relations with 
Cassius have altered; and even his motives for the slay- 
ing of Cxsar have changed; in IV. 1 we have a lengthy 
discussion of the demerits of Lepidus, utterly without 
effect upon the conduct of the drama; in the same scene 
Publius is spoken of as Antony’s nephew, whereas in 
III. 1 he is represented as an old man; and in IV. 2 
there are several inconsistencies: the peace-making poet 


322 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


comes in to heal a breach that is already healed; Brutus 
twice calls for a bowl of wine; in the intervening portion 
(which is held by some critics to be an interpolation) 
Brutus tells of the death of Portia, of which he hears 
from Messala a few moments later (the probability be- 
ing that we have here two alternative versions, both of 
which, by some bungling, have got into the text). I 
am inclined to think that originally Brutus got the news 
from Messala in an earlier scene. 

Nor does this list exhaust the total of marks of revi- 
sion, or at least of dual authorship. Czsar’s character 
varies with every appearance; Casca in the latter part 
of I. 2 is unlike what he is elsewhere; II. 3, II. 4, and 
III. 1 do not hang well together; the finding of the 
book in IV. 2 probably refers to an incident in a scene 
which has been dropped; and the appearance of the 
Ghost at Philippi, referred to in the closing scene, may 
originally have been shown, especially as it has been 
promised. 

Robertson gives some strong reasons for accepting 
the Fleay theory of a reduction from two plays to one. 
The space allotted to Cesar “answers neither to any 
fit conception of plan nor to Shakspere’s practice”; the 
stories told against him by Cassius in I. 2 are inven- 
tions of the dramatist for his disparagement, and, un- 
less his purpose was belittlement, might be expected 
only in a play in which the great man had first been 
shown in his strength; there is a sudden quarrel (cover- 
ing five lines) between Antony and Octavius in V. 1, 
not led up to, and leading nowhere. This seems as if 
it must have been preparation for future strife be- 
tween the two men in some later part of the play or 


Shakespeare Plays 328 


in a sequel. It is not without significance that all the 
allusions to Julius Cesar before the end of the sixteenth 
century are to the first part. I agree that there was 
probably a play of Czsar’s tragedy, beginning with his 
triumph after his victory over Pompey, and ending 
with his death, and that it continued with a play on the 
overthrow and death of Czsar’s enemies; and there may 
even have been a third, showing the subsequent quarrels 
of Antony and Octavius, an earlier version perhaps of 
Antony and Cleopatra. 

That there was an early writer on whom the Shake- 
spearean work was founded I have no doubt. I believe 
that writer to have been Marlowe. The external evi- 
dence points to him; and, though the style is not mark- 
edly his, it bears sufficient resemblance to it to be 
credited to him. It comes nearer to him than to Greene 
or Kyd or Peele; but I confess to a great unwillingness 
to father upon him V. 2 and the first twenty-two lines 
of V. 3. To my utter astonishment, Wells gives these to 
Beaumont: to me they seem too clumsy and antiquated 
for Marlowe, and quite out of the question for Beau- 
mont. The absurd duplications do not speak of either. 
Consider them. Scene 2 consists of six lines. The first 
begins “Ride, ride, Messala, ride” and the last simi- 
larly begins “Ride, ride, Messala.” So scene 3 begins 
“QO, look, Titinius, look”; and lines 9-12 are 


“Pin, Fly further off, my lord, fly further off: 
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord. 
Fly therefore, noble Cassius: fly far off. 

Cas. This hill is far enough. Look, look, 
Titinius.” 


If I give such intolerably weak stuff to Marlowe, it is 


324 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


with great reluctance, and only because I do not like 
to bring in another author unnecessarily. 1 am most 
certain of him in the five lines preceding the Citizens’ 
departure, in I. 1, and the last four lines of the same 
scene (the rest of which is Shakespeare’s), and in Me- 
tellus’ first speech in II. 1. I should be disinclined to 
give those lines to any other. 

I should dismiss Mr. Wells’ assertion of Beaumont’s 
presence were it not for IV. 2. As far as “Cas. Chas- 
tisement!”’ is mainly Shakespeare’s; but thence to the 
Poet’s exit is almost entirely Beaumont’s; and in the 
mixed work that follows there is this passage, which 
seems to me pure Beaumont: 


“Bru. Bear with me, good boy, I am much forgetful. 
Canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes awhile, 
And touch thy instrument a strain or two? 
Luc. Ay, my lord, an’t please you. 
Bru. It does, my boy. 
I trouble thee too much; but thou art willing. 
Luc. It is my duty, sir. 
Bru. 1 should not urge thy duty past thy might: 
I know young bloods look for a time of rest. 
Luc. 1 have slept, my lord, already. 
Bru, It was well done; and thou shalt sleep again. 
I will not hold thee long. If I do live, 
I will be good to thee. 
This is a sleepy tune.—O, murderous slumber, 
Layst thou thy heavy mace upon my boy, 
That plays thee music? —Gentle knave, good night! 
I will not do thee so much wrong to wake thee. 
If thou dost nod, thou break’st thy instrument. 
I'll take it from thee; and, good boy, good night!” 


I fail to understand why Wells claims certain “do” 
and “did” passages for Beaumont, and not others (e.g., 


Shakespeare Plays 325 


in II. 2); nor do I understand why he directs atten- 
tion to “our Cesar,” and ignores “his Brutus,” and 
“your Brutus,” and “thy Brutus” in IV. 2 and V. 3. 
My division is: 
M1—II. 3b (the verse), V. 1a, 2, 3 
S—I. 2a (to Czsar’s first exit), c (three speeches preceding 
Cezsar’s reéntry), 3 (containing perhaps a little M1), II. 1a (to 
“Stands, as the Capitol, directly here”), c (from “Cas. Nay, 
we will all of us”), 2a (to Calpurnia’s entry), 3a (the prose), 
4, III, IV. 1, V. 1b (last twelve speeches), 4, 5 (probably based 
on M1) 
M1 and S—I. 1, 2d, II. 1b, 2b 
S and B—I. 2b, IV. 2 (both outside and inside the tent) 


The concluding part of I. 2 (from Czsar’s second exit) 
may perhaps be based on Marlowe and altered by Beau- 
mont; but it is practically Shakespeare’s. The Mar- 
lowe in II. rb consists of only a few lines. In II. 2b the 
portion between the entry of Decius and the end of the 
speech during which Publius enters shows no sign of 
Shakespeare, and the succeeding portion no sign of Mar- 
lowe, except for the final speech, which is perhaps his. 
Though I accord II. 4 to Shakespeare, much of it is 
not at all reminiscent of him, especially the fifth and 
sixth speeches of the dialogue between Portia and the 
Soothsayer; III. 1 and 2 may perhaps be based on Mar- 
lowe and altered by Beaumont. I may say here that the 
great number of full pronunciations of nouns in “-tion” 
and adjectives in “-tious” are probably to be regarded 
as an indication of early date. 


42. The Two Noble Kinsmen. 


This interesting, but strangely uneven play, magnifi- 
cent in places, was entered in the Stationers’ Register 


326 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


on April 8, 1634, as by Fletcher and Shakespeare, and 
was published the same year, as acted by the King’s men 
at Blackfriars, and with an ascription to the two poets 
named in the Register entry. The only other old edition 
was that of the second folio. There can be no doubt of 
the company that performed it; but, before dealing with 
the question of the date, it may be well to consider the 
external evidence of authorship. 

As stated in the Stationers’ Register and on the title- 
page of the quarto, the play was attributed to Fletcher 
and Shakespeare. In 1646, however, the publisher, 
Waterson, transferred it to Moseley as Fletcher’s, styl- 
ing it “The Noble Kinsman.” There is no significance 
in this, since it was but one of three, in all of which 
Fletcher was concerned (the others being The Elder 
Brother and Monsieur Thomas). It no more implies 
Fletcher’s sole authorship than the inclusion in the 
Shakespeare folio of the Henry VI plays implies that 
those plays were wholly Shakespeare’s. The next year 
it was advertised by Robinson and Moseley, with The 
Elder Brother, The Scornful Lady, The W oman-hater, 
Thierry and Theodoret, Cupid’s Revenge, and Mon- 
sieur Thomas, as by Beaumont and Fletcher; and in 
1661 it was listed in an advertisement of plays written 
by those two authors, with Wit without Money, The 
Night-walker, The Opportunity, The Coronation, The 
Elder Brother, Monsieur Thomas, Rollo, Rule a Wife, 
Thierry and Theodoret, The Woman-hater, and The 
Knight of the Burning Pestle, its name being once again 
given as “The Noble Kinsman.” The facts that Mose- 
ley in these two lists and in two intermediate ones ad- 
vertised the play as by Beaumont and Fletcher and that 


Shakespeare Plays 927. 


it subsequently found its way into the Beaumont and 
Fletcher second folio need not be held to add very mate- 
rially to Fletcher’s claim, nor even to greatly detract 
from Shakespeare’s; but it does raise a faint possibility 
of Beaumont’s being concerned in it. There is one cir- 
cumstance in connection with the announcement at the 
end of some copies of Shirley’s “Six New Plays” 
(1653) that may be worthy of note. It is described 
as “written by Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher, 
Gent.” (as also in the 1647 advertisement). Does the 
use of the final word indicate that the attribution dates 
back to Fletcher’s lifetime? Any weight the ascrip- 
tion may have lies in the fact that Moseley was the 
publisher of the Beaumont and Fletcher plays. 

If inclusion in the 1679 folio means nothing more 
than a confirmation that Fletcher was concerned in it, 
what importance is to be attached to the omission of the 
play from all four Shakespeare folios? In my opinion, 
very little. Fleay took a contrary view. Why, he asked, 
was it omitted even from the 1663 folio, if Shakespeare 
had a hand in it? There may be several explanations 
of the circumstance. Already published as partly 
Fletcher’s, it may have been looked upon as mainly 
his; it differed from the spurious work gathered into 
that collection in that it had not been published in 
Shakespeare’s own lifetime over either his name or his 
initials, and the ignorant editors may have supposed 
that that fact made it of inferior authority; there may 
have been copyright difficulties; or it may simply have 
been overlooked. The following other points bearing 
upon the authorship of the play are at least worthy of 
record. Pope speaks of a tradition that the play was 


328 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


wholly Shakespeare’s. The value to be accorded to that 
statement or to that tradition may be judged by his 
informing us that another attributed The Troublesome 
Reign of King John to Shakespeare and Rowley jointly. 
Steevens, a Shakespeare editor of a later generation, 
speaks of “a playhouse tradition that the first act was 
written by Shakspere”; and, as that is a view entirely 
borne out (in my judgment) by the internal evidence, 
there may be something in it. In Kirkman’s catalogue 
of 1671, it is allotted to Fletcher; but Langbaine credits 
it to Fletcher and Shakespeare. The quarto of 1634 
(with MS. corrections of the text) has been found bound 
up with quartos of The Merchant of Venice, The Merry 
Wives, Much Ado, A Midsummer Night’s Dream, 
Troilus and Cressida, Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet, 1 
Henry IV, 2 Henry IV, Henry V, and Richard III, 
all in quartos of Shakespeare’s time. The collector may 
merely have gone on the title-page attribution; but it 
is at least evident that he entertained no doubt of its 
correctness; and in that connection it is worth while to 
remark that Waterson’s ascriptions in the Stationers’ 
Register are not such as to arouse the slightest suspicion 
of his honesty. On the whole, then, it must be said 
that the evidence for Fletcher is fairly good, and that 
that for Shakespeare is not to be brushed aside as worth- 
less. 

The date of production was almost certainly 1613. 
Littledale and Thorndike have shown definitely that 
the May dance in III. 5 and some of the characters in 
it have been borrowed, or stolen, from Beaumont’s 
Masque of 1612-3. There seems also to be a refer- 
ence to the play in Jonson’s Bartholomew Fair (Octo- 


Shakespeare Plays 329 


ber, 1614). “My word,” says one of the characters, 
“is out of the ‘Arcadia,’ then, Argalus”; to which comes 
the reply, “And mine, out of the play, Palemon”; but 
the allusion here may be to Daniel’s Queen’s Arcadia, 
where also there is a Palemon. The good reason that 
there is for dating the play 1613 is, if we are prepared 
to admit the codperation of Shakespeare and Fletcher, 
greatly strengthened by the consideration that it was 
in that year that both Henry VIII and Cardenio, two 
other Fletcher-Shakespeare plays, were produced. If we 
are not prepared to make such an admission, we must 
at least think it a singular coincidence that a play falsely 
ascribed to the two poets should date from the same 
year as two other plays in which they were connected. 

It has been suggested that the play may be a re- 
writing of a Palamon and Arcite presented by the Cham- 
berlain’s men (afterwards the King’s men) in 1594 
and 1596. That is not impossible; but, if so, I judge 
that none of the original work is left. What is more 
probable is that the play, as it has come down to us, 
contains revisory work done some years after 1613. The 
quarto is evidently printed from a prompt copy, and it 
tells us that two small parts were taken by Curtis (that 
is to say, Curtis Greville), and one by “T. Tucke” 
(obviously an abbreviation of the name of Thomas 
Tuckfield). We are thus enabled to date within fairly 
narrow limits the prompt copy from which the quarto 
was printed, since Greville was with the Lady Eliza- 
beth’s men in 1622, and from them went to the Pals- 
grave’s. Tuckfield figures in a list of the King’s com- 
pany’s non-sharers in 1624, when Greville was still 
not a member; but the latter had a part in The Roman 


330 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Actor, licensed October 11, 1626. Tuckfield’s name 
cannot be traced later than that, and he seems not to 
have been in The Lovers Melancholy (November, 
1628). This gives us, as Mr. Lawrence has shown, a 
date not earlier than 1624 and not later than 1628. 
But, though the play thus comes to us as it was pre- 
sented in or about 1625 or 1626, it does not follow that 
it was revised then, or at any time. That question must 
be determined by the internal evidence; but, before 
going into that, it will be advisable to give some con- 
sideration to the prologue. This has been the source of 
very divergent ideas. Lawrence, declaring that he fol- 
lowed Boyle and Sykes “‘to some extent” (“Times Lit- 
erary Supplement,” July 15, 1921), believed that 
Fletcher alone was responsible for the play in the first 
place (in 1613), and that it was rewritten by Massin- 
ger some thirteen or fourteen years later, but that, 
though the text was revised, the prologue was the origi- 
nal one.* In this connection, he stated that no scholar 
had hitherto suspected that the association of Massinger 
with The Two Noble Kinsmen was “matter of belated 
revision rather than of original collaboration.” In point 
of fact, I had argued in favor of that view in “E. S.,” 
some thirty years previously. The grounds for Mr. 
Lawrence’s argument are that the prologue speaks of 
the play as the work of a single writer, and that the 
closing lines “clearly” refer to the burning of the Globe. 
Now, it is amusing to note that it was precisely on the 
strength of the allusion to a single “wrighter” and the 
hint in the closing lines that Fleay decided that the 


? Of his later view I have something to say farther on. 


Shakespeare Plays cake 


prologue was for a late revival. These closing lines 
are: 


“If this play do not keep 
A little dull time from us, we perceive 
Our losses fall so thick, we must needs leave.” 


Fleay took this to be a reference to the trouble over 
Middleton’s Game at Chess and an anticipation of the 
company’s having to leave London. Lawrence’s view 
seems to me the sounder, since the prologue certainly 
claims to be for a new play. Fleay got over that by 
supposing that the first production took place in 1625— 
a supposition which cannot be entertained. Does, then, 
the prologue constitute a proof that Fletcher wrote the 
play alone (at first), Shakespeare having nothing to 
do with it? It certainly tends in that direction; but I 
scarcely think that more than that is to be said: the 
singular may, indeed, have been used only for the sake 
of the rhyme. Chaucer, the “breeder” of the story, 
will, it is feared, say, 
“Oh, fan 

From me the witless chaff of such a writer, 

That blasts my bays, and my famed works makes lighter 

Than Robin Hood”; 


or, it may be, if Fletcher worked alone on a play begun 
by Shakespeare and handed over to him for completion, 
that he felt justified in using the singular. The matter 
ought to be determinable—or, at least, we ought to be 
brought nearer a determination—by the internal evi- 
dence; but it does not help us much. The epilogue is 
quite clearly Fletcher’s. All that is to be said of the 
prologue is, that it is not Shakespeare’s. I should be 
rather more inclined to ascribe it to Massinger than to 


332 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Fletcher; but the latter better fits the requirements, 
and I think it must be attributed to him, though it 
bears little resemblance to his style. (The mere fact 
of its being in rhyme would sufficiently account for 
that.) 

Fleay gave the play to Fletcher, Massinger, and an- 
other, who might be Middleton; Boyle, to Fletcher 
and Massinger; Bullen, to Fletcher, Shakespeare, and 
Massinger, his idea being that Shakespeare wrote addi- 
tions for a revival of the old play of Palamon and Ar- 
cite, which came into the hands of Fletcher and Mas- 
singer after Shakespeare’s death, Massinger interpolat- 
ing his work in some of the Shakespeare passages. 
Among the supporters of the Shakespeare-Fletcher 
theory were Lamb, Coleridge, De Quincey, Dyce, 
Nicholson, Hickson, Littledale, Ingleby, Dowden, 
Hudson, Swinburne, Skeat, Hargrove, Furness, and 
Ingram; among those who have repudiated the idea 
of Shakespeare’s participation were Hazlitt, Shelley, 
Knight, and Halliwell-Phillipps. Spalding was one of 
the first advocates of the Fletcher-Shakespeare theory; 
but later he declared the problem insoluble. Rolfe, as 
far back as 1880, was the first champion of the claims 
of Massinger instead of Shakespeare; and Sykes is the 
chief supporter of that view to-day. Tucker Brooke 
prefers it to the Shakespeare-Fletcher theory; but 
Chelli declares against Massinger; and so does Cruick- 
shank, who thinks that the play was by Fletcher, Shake- 
speare, and a hack, “who wrote at any rate most of the 
first act.” In the course of his monograph on “Massinger 
and The Two Noble Kinsmen” this critic propounds 
two or three different views, of which this is but one. 


Shakespeare Plays 333 


Another is the truly extraordinary one, that it was first 
written by “someone who was acquainted with the metri- 
cal style found in Shakspere’s later work and in Tour- 
neur, a style which rejoiced in run-on lines and double 
endings. It can therefore hardly have been written much 
before 1607, the date of The Revenger's Tragedy.” 
The rest is “clumsy and contorted poetry, quite un- 
like” Massinger. Then he is “much tempted to be- 
lieve that what is poor in the non-Fletcher parts is 
taken over from an old play, and what is good is due 
to the great mind of Beaumont.” In Fletcher’s part,- 
“TIT. 5 and V.2 may owe a good deal to some early 
source.” Finally, “there are distinct grounds for assum- 
ing that The Two Noble Kinsmen is based on an al- 
ready existing Elizabethan drama. The simplest expla- 
nation is to suppose that Beaumont collaborated with 
Fletcher.” He considers that “the great difficulty of 
the play is the discrepancy between the styles of I and 
V.” Elsewhere (“Times Literary Supplement,” Au- 
gust II, 1921) he suggested that Shakespeare began 
the play, which was then taken in hand by Beaumont 
and Fletcher. R. W. Moorman sees the hand of Shake- 
speare. T. M. Parrott and J. M. Robertson both deny 
Massinger’s presence, and the former (and apparently 
the latter also) regards the play as wholly Shakespeare 
and Fletcher’s. This is also Wells’ attitude, and Tha- 
ler’s. W. E. Farnham examined the play to ascertain 
how the use of colloquial contractions coincided with 
the work of Shakespeare, Fletcher, and Massinger. In 
the non-Fletcherian parts, he found the habit to be 
entirely in accord with that of Shakespeare, and ut- 
terly at variance with that of Massinger, there being 


334 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


in 1060 lines as many as eighty-two contractions, 
whereas there is never half that number in an entire 
play of Massinger’s. Thorndike is a strong advocate 
of the Shakespeare-Fletcher authorship; nor will he 
have it that Fletcher merely finished Shakespeare’s un- 
completed work. “The scenes which Shakespeare wrote,” 
he argues, “show a knowledge of the whole course of 
the dramatic action. .. . Each scene is by itself complete 
and elaborate, utterly unlike unfinished work. It does 
not seem possible therefore that these scenes represent 
a play which he had begun and left thus unfinished.” 
He admits, however, that Fletcher seems to have “made 
some additions and in some places to have retouched 
Shakspere’s work.” Bierfreund brought up a new view 
by pronouncing the play to be a joint work of Beau- 
mont and Fletcher; and, in connection with this opinion, 
it is interesting to recollect the external evidence (not 
very strong, to be sure) connecting the former with the 
play, and also the fact that the anti-masque has been 
taken from his “Masque of the Inner Temple and 
Grayes Inne.” Finally, H. D. Gray compromises by 
attributing the play to Beaumont, Fletcher, and Shake- 
speare, all three. He has a complicated theory that 
Fletcher began it, got Beaumont’s assistance, and eventu- 
ally got “the kindly Shakespeare” to revise it. It may 
be mentioned too that Fleay, who had abandoned the 
idea of Shakespeare’s participation, to adopt Boyle’s 
Massinger theory, dropped that on more mature con- 
sideration, adopting Beaumont instead, his final view 
being that Beaumont and Fletcher wrote the play about 
1611, that Fletcher revised it in 1625, and that William 
Rowley was responsible for the first part of II. 1 and 
Pom Vs 3. 


Shakespeare Plays 335 


My own “E. S.” determination resembled Boyle’s in 
giving a share to Massinger; but, unlike him and Fleay, 
I never denied a share to Shakespeare. My allotment to 
Massinger amounted only to revisory work in the first 
act.” Even that I am no longer prepared to grant him. 
Except for this and the introduction of Beaumont, my 
alterations are but slight, my present division being: 


S—I, II. 1a (to Daughter’s exit), III. 1-2, V. 1b-3, 5, 6 
FI—II. 1b-5, III. 3-5a, 6, IV. 1, 2, V. 1a (to Theseus’ exit), 4 
B—III. 5b (from the Countrymen’s exit), IV. 3 


In I. 1 the line 


“And as you wish your womb may thrive with fair ones” 


is very Fletcherian; but it is not necessary to suppose the 
presence of Fletcher there on account of it. I see but two 
passages the manner of which recalls to me Massinger. 
One isin I. 2: 
“Phoebus, when 
He broke his whipstock and exclaim’d against 


The horses of the sun, but whisper’d, to 
The loudness of his fury.” 


The other is almost at the close of I. 1:-— 


“Second Queen, And earn’st a deity 
Equal with Mars 
Third Queen. If not above him.” 


2 My division was: 
FI—(?) I. 1a (song), II. 1b-5, III. 3-6, IV. 1-2, V. 1a (to Theseus? 
exit), 4 

S—I. 1b, II. 1a (to Daughter’s exit), III. 1, 2, V. 1b-3, 5, 6 

Fl and S—IV. 3 

S and M—I. 1c (from “Hip. Though much unlike”) -4 
On I. 5 I ventured no opinion. My former II. 2 I now take as forming 
part of II. 1; and I divide my former V. 1 into three scenes. 


336 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


This is very like Massinger’s manner of splitting up 
his remarks between his characters, and also like him in 
tone; but it is not to be supposed that he inserted these 
two brief passages in scenes that are very characteristi- 
cally Shakespeare’s. 

But Mr. Sykes sees Massinger’s hand in quite a num- 
ber of scenes. His argument consists of the quoting of 
parallel passages between this play and several of Mas- 
singer’s. Concerning one of them, he says, “This paral- 
lel alone should be conclusive of Massinger’s author- 
ship,” quite ignoring the possibility of its being a case 
of imitation of Shakespeare by Massinger. Here is this 
“conclusive” parallel: 

“Though I know 


His ocean needs not my poor drops” 
(The Two Noble Kinsmen, 1. iii); 


“Though I know 
The ocean of your apprehensions needs not 
The rivulet of my poor cautions.” 
(Believe as you list, V. 1.) 


It is a parallel well worth noting; but conclusive? 
scarcely! It is, indeed, by far the most remarkable 
quoted—as a matter of cold fact, the only one that 
really counts. Some are very weak. Take this, for ex- 
ample: 

“His brow 


Is grav’d, and seems to bury what it frowns on” 
(The Two Noble Kinsmen, V. 3.) 


“Shall, I say, these virtues, 
So many and so various trials of 
Your constant mind, be buried in the frown 
(To please you I will say so) of a fair woman?” 


(The Duke of Milan, IV. 3.) 


Shakespeare Plays 337 


This is a parallel only on a definition providing that 
the two constituents shall not meet at any point. If I 
come to a very different conclusion on this question to 
that arrived at by Mr. Sykes, it is because our criteria 
of judgment are “far as the poles asunder.” Admitting 
that the style is unlike Massinger’s, he yet gives the 
non-Fletcherian portions of the play to him, on the 
ground that they are “full of marks of his mentality 
and phrasing.” That seems to me like arguing that a 
letter which echoes the ideas of Mr. Lloyd George and 
employs some of his common expressions must have 
been written by him, though it is in another handwrit- 
ing. Similarly, he admits that the style of these por- 
tions of the play is Shakespeare’s, but yet denies them 
to him. Mr. Sykes has done much admirable work, but 
not, I venture to assert, on this play. Mr. J. M. Robert- 
son urges, rightly, I think, that the “Mars armipotent” 
speech in the last act is utterly beyond the reach of 
Massinger; and, he might have added, so is the invo- 
cation of Emilia, which Mr. Sykes specifically quotes as 
Massinger’s. 

The Two Noble Kinsmen is a somewhat long play; 
but it gives at least one hint of abbreviation. In the 
opening scene Artesius makes his only appearance, and, 
though he is addressed, he is mute. It may be noted 
that in II. 2 Arcas is not one of the four countrymen, 
and that in III. 5 he is. J am not aware that attention 
has ever been directed to the inversions the play con- 
tains. Note “Troubled I am” (I. 1); “Rings she made” 
(IV. 2). Such inversions are also to be found in Henry 
VIII: “To the King Ill say it” (1.1); “Papers of 
state he sent me” (III. 2). Nor do I fancy that the 


338 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


great use of “yea” in the sense of “more than that” 
has ever been pointed out, though I think I am right 
in saying that it is not frequent in other dramatists than 
Shakespeare. It occurs here twice in III. 1, thrice in 
V. rb, and once in V. 6.° It is to be found also in Henry 
VIII, once in I. 1, once in I. 2, seven times in II. 4; 
in Julius Cesar, once in IV. 2; in Cymbeline, in I. 5, 
I. 6, II. 3, III. 4, and twice in III. 7; in The Tempest, 
in I. 2, III. 3, and IV. 1; twice in “Lucrece”; and once 
each in The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Meas- 
ure, and A Midsummer Night’s Dream. This is then a 
characteristically Shakespearean expression, used mainly 
_ in his later period; and its occurrence here is therefore 
not without significance. Its importance as testimony 
rests upon its literary unimportance. Except the hard- 
ened imitator that some investigators are so fond of 
imagining, no one was likely to copy so insignificant a 
trick. 

Mr. P. E. More, working on the “ye” test, disagrees 
with me in regard to V. 2, which he gives to Fletcher, 
and II. 4 and III. 3, which he allots to the other author, 
whom he thinks more like Chapman than any other. 
There are, however, several scenes concerning which he 
expresses no opinion, because they afford no scope for 
the employment of his test. 

Parrott holds that Shakespeare’s relation to The Two 
Noble Kinsmen resembles very closely his relation to 
Flenry VIII, his incomplete work in each case being 
taken over by Fletcher. That work he believes to have 
been done erratically and spasmodically: though his 
hand is visible in every act of Henry VIII, save IV, 


8 Also once in III. 5, where I do not claim it to be Shakespeare’s. 


Shakespeare Plays 339 


nowhere is it seen in more than two consecutive scenes, 
and several actions are left incomplete; and similarly 
in this play, while I and V are mainly his, on II and 
III he started work only to drop it, and in IV he did 
at most a single scene. Cruickshank’s view is that Shake- 
speare contributed only a small element to the play, the 
two prose scenes, II. 1 and IV. 3, adding “It is very 
tempting to ascribe much of Act V to him.” He re- 
gards the styles of Henry VIII and The Two Noble 
Kinsmen as “absolutely disparate. The outstanding fea- 
ture about the latter play is its archaic flavor” (“Times 
Literary Supplement,” January 15, 1920). Macaulay 
allotted Fletcher II. 3-5, III. 3-6, IV. 1-2, V. 4. The 
opinions of other critics are shown in the following table 
based mainly on a compilation in the Globe Shakespeare: 


Prologue and epilogue—F1: Littledale 
I. 1—S: Spalding, Hickson 
S (except the song): Dowden, Nicholson, Furnivall, Har- 
grove, (!) Littledale 
2—S: Spalding 
S, revised by Fl: Dyce, Skeat, Swinburne, Littledale 
Fl (?revised by S): Hickson 
3-4—S: Spalding, Hickson, Littledale 
5—S: Spalding, Hickson 
? Fl: Littledale 
II. ra—S: Coleridge, Hickson, Littledale 
Fl: Spalding, Dyce 
1b-5—Fl: Spalding, Hickson, Dyce, Littledale 
III. 1—S: Spalding, Hickson 
Mostly S: Littledale 
2—S: Hickson 
S, touched by FI: Littledale 
Not Fl: Furnivall 
Fl: Spalding, Dyce 
3-6—FI: Spalding, Hickson, Dyce, Littledale 


340 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


IV. 1-2—FI: Spalding, Hickson, Dyce, Littledale 
3—S: Hickson, Fleay 
S, touched by FI: Littledale 
Fl: Spalding, Dyce 
V. 1a—S: Spalding, Hickson 
Fl: Skeat, Littledale, Fleay 
1b-3—S: Spalding, Hickson, Skeat, Littledale 
4—F1: Spalding, Hickson, Dyce, Littledale, Fleay 
5-6—S: Spalding, Hickson 
S, interpolated by FI: Littledale 


Swinburne considered that both Shakespeare and 
Fletcher were concerned in the final scene. Thorndike 
accepts Littledale’s division, save that he sees Fletcher 
as well as Shakespeare in the last twenty lines of I. 4. 
My own chief difference with Littledale (save in my 
recognition of Beaumont) is that he sees both Fletcher 
and Shakespeare in the last forty lines of V. 5. 

It is indicative of Fletcher’s authorship of IV. 2 
that the expression “smoother than Pelops’ shoulder” 
is paralleled in The Faithful Shepherdess, Ill. 2 
(“Smooth as Pelop’s shoulder”). Shakespeare’s pres- 
ence has been so widely recognized that it may suffice 
to refer to the numerous examples of his characteristic 
constructions in I. 2 (lines 58-60, 71, 95-8, 100-1, to 
name but a few taken at random in a scene that is it- 
self taken at random), and to quote a couple of pas- 
sages: 

“Remember that your fame 
Knolls in the ear o’ th’ world. What you do quickly 
Is not done rashly. Your first thought is more 
Than others’ laboured meditance; your premeditating 
More than their actions; but, oh, Jove! your actions, 


Soon as they move, as ospreys do the fish, 
Subdue before they touch.” (Tyx:) 


Shakespeare Plays 341 


“Oh, sacred, shadowy, cold, and constant queen, 
Abandoner of revels, mute, contemplative, 
Sweet, solitary, white as chaste, and pure 
As wind-fann’d snow, who to thy female knights 
Allow’st no more blood than will make a blush, 
Which is their order’s robe: I here, thy priest, 
Am humbled ’fore thine altar. Oh, vouchsafe, 
With that thy rare green eye, which never yet 
Beheld thing maculate, look on thy virgin! 
And, sacred silver mistress, lend thine ear 
(Which ne’er heard scurril term, into whose port 
Ne’er entered wanton sound) to my petition 
Season’d with holy fear! This is my last 
Of vestal office: I am bride-habited, 

But maiden-hearted.” 


(V. 3.) 


These extracts seem to me not merely to be the work 
of Shakespeare, but to be Shakespeare at his best. That 
any one else could have written them is (to me) in- 
credible. To deny the play to Shakespeare because the 
characterization is not up to his level is, in the face of 
the evidence of the verse, unwarranted. There are not 
lacking among his acknowledged plays some that are 
wanting on that score; but they are not questioned 
therefor. It is not only the run of the verse, the com- 
pressed and elliptical methods of utterance that stamp 
the work as his; but also the sovereign way in which 
words are bent to his purpose, the boldness of the im- 
agery, the grandeur of the thought. It is easier to im- 
agine Shakespeare falling below his own high standard 
in respect of characterization than to imagine any other 
attaining the full height of the master in all the other 
respects which I have mentioned. The much-suggested 
Massinger could not come within measurable distance 


/ 


342 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


of the play’s attainment in any one of these regards. 
It is to be noted that I do not see Shakespeare and 
Fletcher together in a single scene (though the first 
speech after Arcite’s entry in the closing scene looks 
like Fletcher). That seems to imply collaboration rather 
than revision. Had there been no reason for dating the 
play 1613, I should have supposed the Fletcher to be 
somewhat earlier than that year; but that is perhaps 
explainable by a similar pruning of his excesses to that 
which we have already seen cause to suspect in Henry 
VIII. 

Before proceeding to discuss the presence of Beau- 
mont, I must say a word or two regarding a late com- 
munication from Mr. W. J. Lawrence. Referring to 
C. E. Andrews’ “Richard Brome,” he says: 


Andrews points out, relative to the methods put in practice by 
the doctor for the cure of love-melancholy in IV.3 and V.2, 
that they are derived from Burton’s “Anatomy of Melancholy,” 
which was first published in 1621. The inference would be that 
these two scenes were revised later. In accord with this, my theory 
now would be that Shakspere and Fletcher originally wrote the play 
in 1613, and that a third hand revised it later. I do not think that 
Fletcher was the reviser, because I am strongly of the opinion that 
revisers’ mames were never—or hardly ever—put on the title-pages 
as part-authors. I shall stick sturdily to that opinion until strong proof 
is advanced to the contrary. Failure to grasp that has, I think, led to 
fruitful blundering. 


I am not in entire agreement with my esteemed cor- 
respondent. It will be noticed that, by the abandon- 
ment of his earlier idea (based on the wording of the 
prologue) that Fletcher first wrote the play alone, Law- 
rence has come more in line with me; but in other re- 
spects our views still remain opposed. If the latter part 


Shakespeare Plays 343 


of IV. 3 and V. 2 be indeed based on Burton’s work, 
late revision is not to be denied; but I am not com- 
pletely convinced that there is this indebtedness. If 
Burton was not putting forth original views of his own, 
but merely expressing the ideas of his time, there is no 
need to infer reliance upon him, unless it can be shown 
that his very language has been employed. If, however, 
the indebtedness to Burton be assumed, I see no reason 
why Fletcher should not be regarded as the reviser. 
Though I do not go so far as Mr. Lawrence in regard 
to the conjunction of the names of original authors and 
revisers on title-pages, I agree with him that in the 
majority of cases they were not bracketed together; 
but, if Fletcher was both an original author and a 
reviser, my correspondent’s objection would not apply. 
Though I trust that in this work I am displaying no 
spirit of unwarranted cocksureness and showing no tend- 
ency to absurd dogmatism, I cannot help feeling certain 
that there is to be found in this play the work of no 
other than the three I have named as participators. If, 
then, there has been late revision (and I by no means 
deny its probability), I consider that it was effected by 
Fletcher in or about 1625, though it is against that view 
that the verse is not characteristic of Fletcher’s latest 
period. 

Now I must give my reasons for believing in the 
participation of Beaumont, a view to which I have come 
somewhat reluctantly, and of the correctness of which 
I do not feel absolutely certain. What I do feel sure 
of is that a better case can be made out for Beaumont 
than for Massinger. The burlesque nonsense in the 
latter part of III. 5 is much more like Beaumont than 


344 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


like Fletcher, and this portion of the scene shows none 
of the marked characteristics of Fletcher that the earlier 
portion displays. Moreover, the May dance is clearly a 
repetition of the anti-masque in Beaumont’s masque of 
1612-3, of which that writer showed himself inordi- 
nately proud. It may, of course, have been lifted in by 
Fletcher as a compliment to his friend; but, as I have 
said, it shows none of his characteristics. One may note 
that Gerrold, speaking of the stag-hunt, expresses a wish 
that the ladies may eat the animal’s dowcets, and that 
in IV. 2 of Philaster (a Beaumont scene) Pharamond 
is said to “give ten groats for the dowcets” of the deer; 
but I do not wish to attach undue importance to this 
circumstance. 

It is the latter part of IV. 3 (from the Daughter’s 
exit) that speaks most clearly of Beaumont. The earlier 
part might be either Shakespeare’s or Beaumont’s. If 
Beaumont were not present, it could be given to the 
greater poet without much hesitation; but, with Beau- 
mont in the remainder of the scene, his authorship of 
this part also is hardly to be questioned. There are sev- 
eral indications of his handiwork. Beaumont, like Robert 
Browning, “likes to dock the smaller parts of speech.” 
An example of this is afforded by the Jailer’s first utter- 
ance. He is fond, too, of such inventories as we are 
given in the Daughter’s third speech. The same charac- 
ter’s final speech is very characteristic of him in other 
ways; and the expression “leprous witch” is more easily 
ascribable to him than to Shakespeare, who is the only 
other whom I can admit as a candidate for the author- 
ship of this part of the play. The references to Giraldo, 
who is not a Shakespearean character, also points to 


Shakespeare Plays 345 


Beaumont. Fletcher refers to him, without giving him a 
name, in II. 2, and introduces him in III. 5 as “Ger- 
rold.” 

In the latter part of the scene we have nothing that 
can be definitely declared to be non-Shakespearean, but 
nothing that claims recognition as his. It does not seem 
likely that Shakespeare would echo Macbeth by making 
the Doctor say, “I think she has a perturbed mind, 
which I cannot minister to,”* though it does seem to be 
he who, in V. 1b, weakly echoes the same play in the 
declaration that Mars has “turn’d green Neptune into 
purple.” I should more readily attribute both these 
reminiscences to Beaumont than to Shakespeare him- 
self; but in the one scene I see other signs of Beaumont 
and in the other I do not. In IV. 3 we have one pas- 
sage that very clearly and decidedly points to Beau- 
mont. This is 


“Carve her, drink to her, and still among intermingle your peti- 
tion of grace and acceptance into her favor,” 


which, as has been frequently noted, bears a very close 
resemblance to a line in Beaumont’s “Remedy of Love,” 


“Drink to him, carve him, give him compliment.” 


Is Beaumont present anywhere else? I do not think 
so; and yet there are in I. 1 a couple of signposts point- 
ing in his direction. One is the frequent use of the word 


* Compare the conclusion of III. 1 (Beaumont’s) of Philaster: 
“Nature too unkind, 
That made no medicine for a troubled mind!” 
which may be compared with lines in III. 2 of the same play: 
“Hast thou a medicine to restore my wits, 
When I have lost em?” 


346 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“knee” (“No knees to me”; “suffered your knees to 
wrong themselves”; “Oh, no knees; none, widow”; 
“Tend us a knee”; “our cause cries for your knee”). 
The other is the line, 


“Her twinning cherries shall their sweetness fall,” 


which reminds one of the PAilaster line, 


“Oh, they are two twinned cherries dyed in blushes.” 


(Here also the reference is to a girl’s lips.)° 
In the same scene occurs a line, 


“Extremity, that sharpens sundry wits,” 


which is found also in the opening scene of The Honest 
Man’s Fortune. I believe that scene to be by Tourneur; 
and such a borrowing from Shakespeare is quite in accord 
with his practice in The Atheist’s Tragedy. The hints 
of Beaumont in I. 1 that I have directed attention to 
are not to be ignored, in view of his presence elsewhere; 
but they are not important enough to warrant me in 
believing the scene to be partly his, especially as the 
manner throughout seems to me Shakespearean. The 
only portion that invites doubt is the conclusion (three 
speeches). With Cruickshank and Gray’s idea of Beau- 
mont deliberately imitating Shakespeare I cannot agree. 
That he was influenced by him I admit; but there is a 
vast difference between conscious imitation and uncon- 
scious subjection to influence. I am an opponent of the 
imitation theory every time. It seems to me the last 
refuge of defeated scholarship. Gray not only gives to 
* Compare, in IV. 3 of Philaster (a Beaumont scene) : 


“She breaths not. Open once more 
Those rosy twins.” 


Shakespeare Plays 34.7 


Beaumont what I have allotted to him, but also much 
of what I accord to Shakespeare. 

In the “Jahrbuch der Deutschen Shakespeare-Gesell- 
schaft,” 1923-4, appeared an article by Karl Ege on 
this play. His division does not differ from mine, ex- 
cept in giving all of III. 5 to Fletcher, and IV. 3, that 
part of II. rb (so-called II. 2) preceding Emilia’s en- 
try, and all of V. 1 to Shakespeare; but he gives some 
interesting statistics. He presents figures to show that 
in the Shakespeare scenes an average percentage of 
eleven lines contains similes or metaphors, while in 
the Fletcher part the percentage is only 6.5; that the 
percentage of lines containing alliteration is 10 (mis- 
takenly set down as 12) in Shakespeare, and 18 in 
Fletcher; and that 10 per cent of the Shakespearean 
lines and 2 per cent of the Fletcherian lines contain 
antithesis. Let us see how these figures affect the theory 
of Beaumont’s presence. Excluding those parts of the 
play where Ege and I are not in agreement, but ac- 
cepting his statistics, we find that the similes in the 
Shakespeare parts range from 8 to 14 per cent, and those 
in the Fletcher parts from 3 to 12, while in IV. 3 the 
percentage is 6, and in III. 5b, mil. Shakespeare’s per- 
centage of alliteration ranges from mil to 23, and 
Fletcher’s from 15 to 40, while in IV. 3 it is mil, and 
in III. 5b 33 (by reason of the nature of the matter). 
As regards antitheses, the Shakespearean percentage 
varies from 8 to 13, and the Fletcherian from mil to 4, 
while that of IV. 3 is 8, and that of III. 5b is 4.5. These 
figures are by no means conclusive; but they tell rather 
against the supposed Shakespearean authorship of IV. 3 


6 J omit his ‘“‘Parallelen,” which are not of much account. 


348 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


and the Fletcherian authorship of III. 5b. As to the 
other scenes regarding which I differ from Ege, there 
is in the early part of the so-called II. 2 a percentage 
of 16 similes (higher than occurs elsewhere), of only 
11 alliterative lines (lower than in any other Fletcher 
section), and of 8 antitheses (higher than elsewhere in 
Fletcher)—facts which seem to be against my attribu- 
tion to Fletcher, of which nevertheless I am quite confi- 
dent. In V. 1a the respective figures are—10.5, 32, and 
nil, which markedly tend to confirm my ascription of 
these lines to Fletcher. On my division of the entire 
play, Ege’s figures would give the following percent- 


ages: 


Similes Alliteration Antithesis 
Percentage Range Percentage Range Percentage Range 
Fletcher 8 3-16 17  I1-40 2 0-8 
Beaumont 3.5 0-6 13 0-33 6.5 4.5-8 
Shakespeare II 8-14 II Q-23°"" “TE 8-13 


Plays of which Field was Part Author. 


F the six plays I group here, most investigators 

would include either three or four (Four Plays 
in One arousing differences of opinion). Cupid’s Re- 
venge would be classed elsewhere; and Faithful 
Friends would be left out altogether. 


43. Cupid’s Revenge. 

Entered, anonymously, in the Stationers’ Register in 
April, 1615, and printed, by Creede for Harison, the 
same year, with an attribution to Fletcher, this play 
was acted at Court in 1611-2 by the Children of White- 
friars—that is to say, Her Majesty’s Revels Children, 


Field Plays 349 


by whom the quarto states it to have been acted. It was 
again presented on January 1, 1613, and also a little 
later; and in 1624 it was acted at Whitehall by the 
Queen of Bohemia’s men, and on February 7, 1636-7, 
by Beeston’s boys. In 1630 it was reissued by Thomas 
Jones, with an ascription to Beaumont and Fletcher; 
and a third edition came out in 1635. On July 28, 
1641, it was, with The Scornful Lady, entered in the 
Stationers’ Register to Raworth. It occurs in the Cock- 
pit list of 1639 twice, once with the Beaumont and 
Fletcher plays, and once between The Bloody Banquet 
and The Conceited Duke, the second entry being, I sup- 
pose, an error. 

These facts seem to imply an original production in 
1611; but it must, I think, have been earlier than that 
year, when Beaumont and Fletcher were attached to 
King’s. Lawrence gives a date of 1610; but I am in- 
clined to go back farther than that. The passage of 
the play from the Queen’s Revels Children, through 
the Lady Elizabeth’s, to Beeston’s boys is quite plain. 
Rogers and Ley’s catalogue follows the second quarto 
in attributing it to our two authors jointly; but the 
ascription of the first edition to Fletcher alone must 
carry much more weight, though it is discounted by the 
printer’s non-acquaintance with “the author.” His words 
— “Not having any such epistle from the author (in 
regard I am not acquainted with him), I have made 
bold, myself, without his consent, to dedicate this play 
to the judicious’—imply that the play was printed 
without sanction. Once again, then, we have to fall back 
on the internal evidence to settle the question. 

All the critics regard it as a joint play; and Fleay, 


350 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Boyle, and myself are the only ones who do not con- 
sider it wholly the work of Beaumont and Fletcher, 
Fleay holding it to have been altered by Field in 1613, 
and Boyle dividing it between Beaumont, Fletcher, and 
a third writer. My own view, as given in “E. S.,”” was, 
that there were four writers concerned, the other two 
being Field and Massinger; but I now drop the latter. 

I began my reéxamination with a most decided disin- 
clination to accept my original view that both Beaumont 
and Field were concerned in Cupid’s Revenge. For one 
thing, I thought it unlikely that Field would be found 
codperating with Beaumont or that prior to the date of 
publication of Cupid’s Revenge he would have the task 
of revising a work by Beaumont and Fletcher; for an- 
other, knowing how closely these two writers resembled 
one another, I deemed it highly probable that all of 
the play that I had divided between them might well 
be gathered together for the credit of but one. Yet I 
have, very reluctantly, been driven to the endorsement 
of my early view. There is, however, very little sign 
of Field having overwritten Beaumont. Tokens of the 
latter’s presence may doubtfully be found in the latter 

1 This, as corrected in the second article, was: 

B—II. 5, IV. 5, V.4b (from Timantus’ entry to Bacha’s) 

FI—I. rb, 2a, 4a, c, III. 3, IV. 3, 4, V.2, (?) 3, 4a 

B and FI—II. 3, 4, Ill. 1, V.1 

?Fd—Il. 1 


B and Fd—I. 1a (to Leontius’ exit), 3, II. 2, III. 2a, c, IV. 1a (to 
Timantus’ exit) 

Fl and Fd—I. 2b (last twelve lines), 4b (from Leontius’ entry to 
Hidaspes’ exit), II. 6, IV. 1b, V. 4c 

B and M—III. 2b (from Leontius’ exit to “That is due from me to 
my father’s wife”) 

Fl and M—III. 4, IV. 2 


Field Plays art 


part of Field’s IT. 2, beginning “Bacha. Sir, though you 
be my king, whom I will serve”; but that is all. There 
are, however, two scenes (the ones that begin and end 
the play) in which Field is to be found with Fletcher, 
though even there the work of the two men remains 
distinct. The Fletcher is not always characteristic (e.g., 
in V.2), and may be somewhat early. I was at first 
inclined to think that the middle part of I. 4 (between 
Leontius’ entry and Hidaspes’ exit) contained some 
alteration; but I came to the conclusion that it was only 
Fletcherian verse wrongly printed. My division is then: 
FI—I. 1b, 2, 4, II. 3, 6, III. 3, 4, IV. 2-4, V. 2-4a, c 
Bales 1g, Ug) 2 1V-4 
Fd—I. 1a (to Leontius’ exit), I]. 1, 2 (with perhaps some B), 
4, IV. 5, V.1, 4b (from Timantus’ entry to “But leave you 
to Heaven”) 


What I took to be signs of Massinger seem to me too 
slight to warrant me in admitting him, although Fleay 
expressed agreement with my recognition of him. Both 
in III. 4 and IV. 2 there are lines that I should un- 
questionably pass as his in a Massinger play; but they 
are not sufficiently individual to cause me to say that 
they can be no one else’s. Perhaps the most markedly 
Massingerian passage is 
“T must confess he loved me 


Somewhat beyond a son, and still pursued it. 
With such a lust (I will not say ambition).” 
(IV. 3.) 


Wells thinks this characteristic Fletcher, because that 
writer occasionally uses “I will not say,” and quotes two 
lines from A Wife for a Month, IV. 3: 


“J do not say he would have been bawd himself too” 


352 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
and 
“I will not say he offer’d fair Evanthe”; 


but, except in the use of the phrase, there is no resem- 
blance: constructionally they are quite different. Sen- 
tences of this mold are common in Massinger, and are 
in accord with his rhetorical habit. However, I am pre- 
pared to admit that here at least it is Fletcher’s, little 
as it is like him. 

The only opinion Fleay gives is that Fletcher is 
traceable in I. rb, II. 5, and IV. 3. Boyle and Macau- 
lay disagree with me as to nearly every scene. Bullen 
thinks Beaumont’s hand can be clearly traced in II 
and that the colloquy between Bacha and Leucippus in 
III. 2 is also his. Chelli denies Massinger’s presence. 

Alden picks out as “at least in part” Beaumont’s 
Dotogy T1507, aos ly & 0.08, A, ee 
which differs from my original judgment but slightly, 
but from my present one rather more. Gayley, besides 
being of opinion that Beaumont codperated in minor 
scenes, regards I. 3, II. 2, III.2, IV.1, and V. 4 as 
wholly his. It will be seen that we are not in entire 
agreement. Sykes sees no trace of Field. I may, by the 
way, point out the use of the adjectival “harlotry” in 
conjunction with “baggage” in V. 1, as in scene 1 of 
The Triumph of Honour. I regard both instances as 
Field’s; but they may of course both be Beaumont’s. 

There are many marks of alteration. Telamon is de- 
scribed in the dramatis persone as “a Lycian lord,” but 
he is to all intents and purposes only a page. In the 
opening scene he and Timantus appear, but say noth- 
ing, while the entry of Ismenus is unmarked; in III. 4 


Field Plays R53 


Telamon’s entrance is entirely purposeless, and his silent 
continuance on the stage is due, I suppose, to the re- 
viser and abridger’s oversight; and in I. 2 the remodeler 
has practically omitted Fletcher’s “four young men and 
maids.” For Leontius, Leucippus, Bacha, and the state, 
respectively, duke and king, marquis and prince, duchess 
and queen, dukedom and kingdom are used indiscrimi- 
nately; no doubt the scene has been changed either from 
a dukedom to a kingdom or from a kingdom to a duke- 
dom. Chambers doubts if the alteration of the wicked 
king, queen, and prince (who, by the way, is not wicked) 
into a duke, duchess, and marquis implies more than 
censorship, and that, in any case, it does not imply the 
intervention of a reviser other than the original authors. 
It seems to me that, had the alterations been the work 
of a censor, they would have been much more thorough. 
It is a further possible proof of mixed authorship that 
Urania does not always talk like the country wench she 
is represented as being. 
Lines in IV. 4, especially 


“Farewell! 
To all our happiness a long farewell!” 


may be compared with lines in Fletcher’s part of Henry 
VIII. The fourth act contains a great deal of personifi- 
cation, from which the other acts are free. It seems to be 
mostly Fletcher’s, though he does not often indulge in 
the habit elsewhere. 


44. The Faithful Friends. 


It is not surprising that critics have shown a marked 
disinclination to ascribe this poor play to our authors; 


354 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


but its quality, or lack of quality, must not prejudice 
- our judgment of it. And first let me say that the ex- 
ternal evidence in its favor is much stronger than its 
opponents care to acknowledge. Its absence from the 
folios is supposed to be against it; but no one questions 
Fletcher’s participation in Barnavelt or Henry VIII or 
A Very Woman for the same reason. The cause of its 
non-inclusion in the first folio is quite clear; it did not 
come into the publisher’s hands till later. It was entered 
by Moseley in the Stationers’ Register on June 29, 1660, 
together with A Right Woman (which, like it, was 
attributed to Beaumont and Fletcher) and The History 
of Mador, King of Britain (which was ascribed to Beau- 
mont alone). When the relation of Moseley to the 
Beaumont and Fletcher folio is taken into account, these 
attributions are seen to be of moment. Moseley, having 
claimed that his collection contained all the previously 
unprinted work of his two authors, with the exception 
of The Wild-goose Chase, would not be likely to go out 
of his way to declare that his assertion had not been 
justified. We may take it then that he had what he 
took to be good reason for his attributions in all three 
of these cases. None of them secured a place in the 1679 
folio; but the publishers may not have possessed the 
manuscripts, and in any case included no plays not in 
the first folio save such as had already appeared in 
quarto. I therefore think that not much is to be made 
of the absence of The Faithful Friends from the folios; 
and confirmation of the correctness of Moseley’s attri- 
bution is afforded by a similar ascription on the sur- 
viving manuscript. Nevertheless modern critics are 
almost unanimous in turning it down. Ward goes fur- 


Field Plays 355 


ther than most, in that, while he denies the presence of 
Fletcher, he only questions the probability of that of 
Beaumont. Cruickshank, pursuing his usual imitational 
ideas, declares there are “touches of” the style of Mas- 
singer “which suggest that a pupil may have helped 
Fletcher,” from which we may judge that he considers 
the play to be partly Fletcher’s. Others are unanimous in 
excluding both our authors. Fleay believed it to be by 
Field and Daborne, but made no attempt to separate 
their respective contributions. He urged that the in- 
ternal evidence identified the authorship with that of 
the three central acts of The Honest Man’s Fortune. 
Later, however, he changed his opinion, declaring the 
whole of the play save IV. 5, which is a later insertion, 
to be from the pen of Daborne. Boyle pronounced it to 
be by the same author as The Laws of Candy and The 
Noble Gentleman, whom he took to be Shirley; but 
he had afterwards to acknowledge that chronological 
considerations put Shirley out of the question. Chelli 
declares that Massinger is not present. Sykes sees no 
Beaumont, no Fletcher, no Massinger, and no Field in 
it, and declares it to be “too full of classical allusions” 
for any of them, and to be “written in a thoroughly 
vicious” style, dating in his opinion later than 1630. 
Wells expressed the opinion that it contained no work 
by either Beaumont or Fletcher, and that it was “prob- 
ably by Ford, or at least revised by him”; but, later, 
put it down as partly by Field, and did not name Ford. 
My own view agrees with none of these. In “E. S.” I 
pronounced in favor of the original authorship of Beau- 
mont and Fletcher and a revision by Massinger and 


356 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Field.* I still, though very hesitatingly, adhere to that 
view. 

Beaumont and Fletcher are the only two writers 
connected with the play by external evidence. It is con- 
sequently for signs of them that one may first look. So 
far as Fletcher is concerned, the yield is but slight. The 
one speech I feel fairly confident in ascribing to him 
is the first in II. 1. It is very early work, and therefore 
not particularly characteristic, the two lines most in ac- 
cord with his later manner being 


“T that this twenty years have tugged with danger” 


and 
“Shall blast your springing glory in the bud”; 


but throughout the speech can be seen the germs of the 
more developed Fletcher that we know. Bellario’s long- 
est speech in II. 3, Titus’ third speech in IV. 3, and a 
brief passage in IV. 1— 
(See: there’s my sword; 

And thus my breast flies open to your fury. 

Strike, and strike home; and, when my guiltless blood 

Shall dye this green grass crimson, you shall see 

How free ’twas from corruption’? )— 


1 My division of the play was as follows: 

B—III. 2b (from Armanus’ entry to Leontius’), d (from Pergamus’ 
entry), 3a, c (from Bellario’s third entry to Roman Herald’s), 
IV. 3b (last five speeches), 4 (or this scene may be Fd’s) 

FI—I. 2, IV. 1b (speech beginning “Whoever writ”) 

B and Fd—I. 3, II. rb, 2b (from Pergamus’ entry), III. 3b, d, IV. 
1a, C 

B and M—I.1, II. 3a, III. 2a, c, IV. 2a (to the masque), 3a, V. 2 
(the conclusion being B’s) 

Fl and M—II. 3b (from Marius’ exit), V. 1 

M—IV. 2b 

Fd—IlI. 1a (first speech, founded on Fl), 2a, III. 1 

I no longer count the dumb show in IV as a separate scene. 


Field Plays 357 


seem also to hint at his presence, though the whole lot 
taken cumulatively is not very much to build upon. 
Regarded in conjunction with the external evidence, 
however, it does seem to warrant his acceptance, the 
more so as probability is added to Moseley’s ascription 
by the fact that he attributed Mador to Beaumont alone 
in the same entry. We may judge from that that he 
had some reason for crediting Fletcher with participa- 
tion in The Faithful Friends. 

The case for Beaumont is somewhat stronger, though 
one has to keep constantly in mind the resemblances 
between his work and Field’s. Philadelpha’s speech in 


eee 


“T see all earth-bred joys are born and dead 
In a short moment. I fare now like her 
Was turn’d from Paradise ere she had tasted bliss, 
Or like a king kill’d at his coronation,” 


smacks of Beaumont, but may not impossibly be Field’s. 


“Pull their sad fates from our unwilling hands” 


is also Beaumontesque; and so is this from II. 2— 


“You may pull 
Perils on him you seem to tender so”— 


and, again, “Would pull on too great a ruin” in III. 3. 
The kneeling of Philadelpha and Armanus to one an- 
other in II. 2 is very characteristic of Beaumont: it is 
a trick which Ford shared with him. In IV. 1 there is 
more kneeling, Marcus Tullius going on his knees to 
Armanus; and we have perhaps other hints of Beaumont 
in the use of the enclitic “do,” and in the line, 


“For I could ever sit recounting it.” 


358 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


In the concluding portion of IV. 3 there are a few signs 
of him. All this amounts to very little; and, were it not 
for the external evidence, I should think it insufficient 
to put forward; as it is, it seems to me to warrant a claim 
for a Beaumont foundation. Further, the ridicule of the 
officers of the law in I. 2 is mildly reminiscent of him, 
and the charge of high treason brought against Snip- 
snap may be compared with the treason charge against 
Lazarillo in The Woman-hater, and in connection with 
it may be remembered the story of Beaumont and 
Fletcher’s own treason experience. The wasting of Le- 
lia’s tears in III. 3 reminds one of Luce’s experience in 
The Knight of the Burning Pestle; in III. 2 Pergamus 
gives hints of the gluttony of Lazarillo and other Beau- 
montesque characters, as well as of the brag of Bessus; 
and, in the same scene, Pergamus’ account of the battle, 
in the midst of which Rufinus finds it necessary to ask, 


“But all this while what did the general?” 


may be held to have been subsequently improved by 
the author in A King and no King; but I have no desire 
to make too much of these points of resemblance, be- 
cause, after all, I feel no certainty that Beaumont is to 
be found in the scenes I have named. The extravagant 
worship of kingship, as shown in IV. 3, is quite in his 
vein; Sir Pergamus is given to that “strutting” on which 
Alden commented; friendship is Beaumont’s favorite 
theme; and the constant calling on the gods reminds 
one of him. The difficulty is that the verse, save in a few 
odd lines, is not particularly characteristic of him; but, 
if that objection be raised, the answer to it is, that the 
Verse is early. 


Field Plays 359 


Before going any farther on the matter of authorship, 
it may be well to consider the question of date. In I. 1 
there are lines— 


“Alexander the Great had his Hephastion; 
Philip of Spain, his Lerma. Not to offend, 
I could produce from courts that I have seen 
More royal precedents”— 


that are held to give a date subsequent to the death 
of Philip in 1621, or at least to the disgrace of Lerma 
in 1618. I doubt it. The reference to Alexander had 
to be put into the past tense, and that fact dominated 
the form in which was put the reference to Philip. Need 
we suppose that, if it had been written prior to 1618, 
the dramatist would have been so meticulously careful 
as not to allow the past tense to govern the second 
reference? He was concerned merely, I take it, with 
the necessity of putting his facts succinctly. I admit that 
the implication of a date subsequent to 1618 is greater 
than that for a date prior to that year; but the latter 
is by no means rendered an impossibility. And there 
are other reasons why a date of 1613-4 would be more 
suitable. Fleay pointed out possible allusions in I. 1 to 
the Earl of Somerset’s wedding, which was celebrated 
on December 26, 1613. These are, it is to be noted, in 
the same scene as the allusion to James’s favoritism, 
which had become so unpleasantly notorious. 

But it is only a revision of the play that can be dated 
1613-4; Beaumont’s work may be very much earlier. 
Revision is manifest. The silence of Marcellus in I. 1, 
of Armanus and three others in II. 1, and of four lead- 
ing personages in V.2 (this final scene being in all 


360 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


probability greatly curtailed toward the end); the com- 
plete silence of Arminius; the circumstance that in the 
last scene the second senator speaks before the first 
(though, as they have previously appeared, this may 
have no significance) ; and the inclusion in the dramatis 
persone of tapsters and messengers, though only one 
of each appears, while Dindimus and the soldiers are 
omitted—all point in that direction; and, if that be 
deemed not sufficient proof, there is the condition of 
the manuscript, which is now at the Victoria and Albert 
Museum, London, marked “D. 25. F. 10.” Apart from 
considerable omissions in II. 1 and 2 (due perhaps to 
the censor, perhaps to the producer), one scene, IV. 4, 
has been inserted on a detached piece of paper. The rest 
is pronounced to be in a more modern hand, while the 
first three leaves and the last leaf are of still later date, 
and alterations throughout are in a fourth hand. It al- 
most looks then as if there were three authors here, be- 
sides the revising editor, and actually three or four 
layers of authorship. That IV. 4, which is apparently in 
the handwriting of the author, is an insertion for per- 
formance is obvious. It is doubtless owing to the very 
considerable alteration the play has undergone that the 
actions of the King are so lacking in consistency and 
clearness that it is impossible to tell what the original 
author or authors intended to make of him. 

The manuscript of this play is, unfortunately, not 
available to me for study; but Dr. S. A. Tannenbaum, 
the noted authority on handwriting, has favored me 
with the following note on four pages (besides the title- 
page) of which he possesses photographs: “The page 
facing p. 69” (that is to say, IV. 4) “is not numbered, 


Field Plays 361 


and is written in the old English script; the other three 
pages are written in a beautiful Italian hand. P. 1 and 
p- 78” (this latter being the last page) “are undoubtedly 
in the same hand. P. 13° is a small, neat Roman hand, 
not the same as that of pp. 1 and 78. 

“It is interesting to note that on the ‘title-page’ 
Marius was first described as ‘Brother’ of Lelia, but 
‘Brother’ was struck out, and ‘Friend of Tullius and 
Lover of Leelia’ substituted. So too Learchus and Leon- 
tius were first designated as ‘Villains’; then this word 
was struck out and changed to ‘Soldiers and Enemys 
to Tullius.’ These changes suggest the work of the au- 
‘thor; they are not copyist’s errors and corrections.” 
(May they not, however, possibly be a reviser’s? ) 

“The first page of the text of the play is in the same 
hand as the title-page and the last page. There are two 
minor corrections on this page; but they are of no sig- 
nificance. 

“On p. 13 someone wrote in the middle of the page, 
near the right margin, the following words, in old Eng- 
lish script: ‘The cunstable / Tell me of cunstable I 
know what / a cunstable is I have bin cunstable / my 
selfe.? This is evidently intended as a continuation of 
the Constable’s first speech. The same hand which wrote 
this extended speech strikes out the word ‘Const.’ in the 
left margin seven lines below, and assigns the speech to 
‘Tapst.’ instead. He also struck out the word ‘Drum?’ in 
the stage-direction preceding the Constable’s entrance. 

“The page facing p. 69 has a few interesting correc- 

2 This is a scene in II, beginning “Const. Very good, then! My 


Tapster being a true subject, his blood is the Kings,” and ending “Bell. 
Thanks, brave Captaine!” 


362 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


tions. I transcribe the last few lines on the page exactly 
as they stand, corrections and all: 


Sn: valgeb ses Pap ene and Oss-nel aces 
sine Bory yore Rs, 


These look to me like an author’s corrections. This is 
confirmed by the addition of a speech in the same hand 
in the right margin about the middle of the page.”® 
This creates an extraordinary position: (1) the bulk 
of the play is in hand “A” (Roman); (2) pages 1-3 
and 78 are in a later Italian hand, “B”; (3) still later 
we have Massinger making an insertion in a much older 
English hand; (4) also there are alterations in another 
old English hand. Massinger might perhaps use the 
old English script in the ’thirties; but that the oldest 
hands should do the latest work seems unlikely. It is a 
matter of regret to me that where I am at the moment 
of writing (in the University of Texas) I am unable 
to refer to the play in the light of Dr. Tannenbaum’s 
conclusions. It is singular to note that my correspondent 
bears out my discovery of the presence of Massinger 
(in regard to which I have always stood absolutely 
alone), but does so in a scene which I have never claimed 
8 In a later communication Dr. Tannenbaum says, “The pantomime is 
in the hand which wrote the bulk of the play. Another hand (no. 2) 
wrote only the first two or three pages (including the Dramatis per- 
son@) and the last page.” The added scene (IV. 4), he says, “is 
beyond question in the handwriting of Massinger. From the character 
of the penmanship and the spelling efc., I am prepared to maintain 
that Faithful Friends was written (at least, this scene was written) 


years (perhaps five to ten years) after Believe as You List. The old 
English addition on page 13 does not seem to be Massinger’s hand.” 


Field Plays 363 


for him. If Dr. Tannenbaum’s judgment as to the hand- 
writing is to be accepted (and I do not question it), 
my division of the play cannot be correct. (See Appen- 
dix. ) 

Of the four writers I have named, I am inclined to 
think the signs of Massinger the clearest; and yet the 
passages containing indications of him are so few that I 
hesitated to consider them sufficient to warrant his in- 
clusion as a participator. The opening of the play seems 
markedly his; and later in the same scene the speech 
containing the reference to Lerma is no less definitely 
in his manner. The tokens of him are equally clear in 
IV. 2; and, his presence being conceded in these, there 
are other portions of the play that may be awarded to 
him—the poor farce that concludes II. 3, and much of 
V3: 

I am not sure that I am right in attributing the 
whole of the remaining work of revision to a single 
writer, nor even that I am correct in naming Field as 
that one; but, though the work is only occasionally up 
to his level, I think it is his. The burlesque is not Beau- 
mont’s, but of the coarser Fieldian quality. Whoever 
he may be, the writer is very fond of using the words 
“sacred,” and “black” and “hot,” and gives us such ab- 
surdities as 


“And hoodwink danger with your honor’s veil,” 
“The antipathy of honor’s stem,” 


“The chief star that adorns this hemisphere 
Is thrown into his bosom for his bride.” 


Not infrequently his mode of expression is somewhat 
old-fashioned, if it be he who employs “for to” and 


364 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


uses “entreats” and “persuades” and “entertain” as 
nouns; and he presents us with such strange construc- 
tions as “I am something wonder’d,” and “will won- 
der you” (for “will cause you to wonder”). There 
are traces of the vocabulary of Field. The oaths and 
ejaculations are his (including his favorite “pish”) ; 
and “arts and arms” (I. 1), “practic” (I. 3 and II. 3), 
“transgression” (V. 2), “transgressor” (IV. 3) are all 
treated by Mr. Sykes (though not in this case) as 
markedly characteristic of him. (“Arms and arts” 1s, 
by the way, to be found also in Wit at several Weapons, 
I. 2.) Such words too as “perspicle” (V. 2) and “san- 
guivolent” (III. 3) are quite in his vein; and so is the 
“Eyes, drop forth!” of III. 3. For a parallel to 


“Surcease a while this explicating joy” (IV. 1) 


we may turn to “Explicate your thoughts” in The 
Knight of Malta, 1. 3, a Field scene; and, after a lapse 
of only half-a-dozen lines, we come on a passage, 
‘And sink me with black obloquy? Well, king, 
The moon may dim the sun; and so may I 


Wrap up thy blazing pride in a red cloud, 
And darken thee for ever,” 


which recalls, in another Field scene (IV. 1 of The 
Queen of Corinth), 


“Black clouds of discontent envelop me.” 


I may also, without deducing anything from them, 
direct attention to the frequent use of the objective 
“ye,” the omission of the nominative pronoun from “I 
think,” “I protest,” “Gt can be”; the use of “fury” or 
“furies” as a term of abuse (III. 3, IV. 1, V. 2); “col- 


Field Plays 365 


leagued death” (II. 1); “full-sailed pride” (II. 1, to 
be compared with “full-sail’d confidence” in Thierry 
and Theodoret); “slavish tyranny” (II. 3); “behold- 
ingness” (IV. 2, as used by Massinger in V. 1 of The 
Lover's Progress); and the construction “Any thy as- 
sistants” (II. 3). It is to be noted also that a line in 
IV. 3 (“Who, dreadless in his articles, may come”) is 
repeated in V. 2. 

To return to the question of Field’s participation, I 
may add to the slight reasons I have given one little 
circumstance that tells strongly in favor of my view. It 
may be thought too trivial a thing even to mention, 
much less to pay any attention to; but it is precisely such 
little things that afford truest indications. They are in- 
deed straws that show the direction of the wind. This 
little, apparently insignificant, matter is Field’s fond- 
ness, especially in the closing scene of a play, for having 
his characters speak in chorus. In the last scene of A 
Woman is a W eathercock all speak together no less than 
ten times, three speak in unison once, and two thrice; 
while in Amends we have four characters speaking to- 
gether twice, and all in unison five times. For purposes 
of comparison, I have looked through the final scenes 
of all the fifty-nine plays dealt with here (with the ex- 
ception of Double Falsehood, which, owing to the re- 
writing it has been subjected to, would not afford a fair 
test), all the fifteen sole plays of Massinger, The Fatal 
Dowry, and nine* wholly or partly by William Rowley 
—a total of eighty-three; and I find that in only four 

4 The Witch of Edmonton, The Old Law, A Match at Midnight, A 


New Wonder, A Shoemaker a Gentleman, The Spanish Gipsy, The Fair 
Quarrel, All’s Lost, The Changeling. 


} 
366 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


of all these plays are the figures of Field even ap- 
proached. These four are A March at Midnight, The 
Knight of Malta, and The Honest Man’s Fortune, in 
which there are respectively five and five and four full 
chorus speeches, and The Faithful Friends, in which 
there are no less than seven; and it will be noted that 
in every one of these, except the Rowley play, I had 
on quite other grounds detected the hand of Field. Next 
to these, among all these plays, but separated from them 
by a considerable interval, comes Love’s Cure. 

If we take all scenes, instead of restricting our survey 
to final scenes, the result is much the same. I have 
examined fifty-eight of these plays (that is to say, all 
but Double Falsehood), A Match at Midnight, and the 
three known Field plays for scenes in which named 
characters, or unnamed characters of real importance, 
are grouped together to speak as “All” or “Omnes,” 
or where three or more such characters separately indi- 
cated speak in unison; and I have found that the fol- 
lowing plays have the greatest number of such scenes: 
Field’s Woman, five, out of a total of twelve scenes; 
Field’s Amends, four, out of fourteen; and The Faith- 
ful Friends, four of the Field scenes, out of fifteen in 
which that writer had a hand. No other play (save The 
Birth of Merlin, which has three) has more than two 
such scenes; and the only ones of these where the two 
scenes are from the one hand are—T he Knight of Malta 
(Field, out of a total of five scenes in which he was 
concerned), The Queen of Corinth (Field, out of seven 
scenes), and The Double Marriage (Fletcher, out of 
eleven scenes). The greatest number of times in which 
the qualifying instances occur is—Field’s Woman, nine- 


Field Plays 367 


teen; Field’s Amends, fifteen; Field’s part of The 
Faithful Friends, thirteen; Field’s part of The Knight 
of Malta, ten; Rowley’s Match, five; Field’s part of 
The Honest Man’s Fortune, four; Field’s part of The 
Queen of Corinth, three; Fletcher’s part of The Double 
Marriage, three; The Birth of Merlin, three;—and the 
final scene of Love’s Cure, three. In no other play has 
any writer more than two, save in Field’s part of Four 
Plays, where there are three. Yet, out of the sixty-two 
plays examined, Fletcher is found in almost all, Beau- 
mont in a considerable number, and Field in only nine. 
And, finally, if we take the single scenes in which this 
peculiarity is most to be noted, the result is still the 
same: 


Number of Chorus 
Speeches of Im- 

Play Scene Author portant Characters 
A Woman is a Weathercock Ve2 Fd II 
The Faithful Friends V.2 Fd 7 
Amends Vie: Fd 7 
Amends ibe Fd 5 
The Knight of Malta Lng Fd 5 
The Knight of Malta V2 Fd 5 
A Match at Midnight V22p eR 5 
The Honest Man’s Fortune V3 Fd 4 


No other scene has as many as four. In The Fatal 
Dowry, of which Field was part author, there is but 
one such scene, and that is in his part of II. 2. It may 
be further noted that in every play in which Field had 
the last act to himself he made it consist of two scenes, 
neither more nor less. I may mention that Dekker re- 
sembles Field in his fondness for the chorus speech. 
As Daborne’s authorship had been suggested, and as 


368 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


I felt tempted to admit another reviser, stilted and fu- 
tile, I made a special comparison of his work with that 
found here; but I was unable to discover any resem- 
blance to outweigh the many points of dissimilarity. His 
tendency to drop into rhyme, his employment of the in- 
finitive without “to,” his accordion-like verse, with nu- 
merous six-foot lines and as many short ones—these 
things are not to be found here; and the verse, poor as 
it is, is easier than that of Daborne. 
My allotment, which I put forward with diffidence, 
is: 
B—II. 2 (with perhaps some Fd), III. 2, IV. 1a (with perhaps 
some F!) 
FI—II. 1a (first speech) 
B and Fd—I. 3, III. 3 
Fl] and M—II. 3b (from Tullius’ exit) 
Fd—l. 1b (from “Mar. I curse my slow speed” to “They have 
a fresh soldier to their general”), d, 2 (perhaps with B founda- 
tion), (?) Il. 1b, 3a, (?) III. 1, 1V. 1b (last three speeches), 
(?) 2a (four speeches), 4, V. 


M—I. 1a, c (one speech), IV. 2b, 3 (perhaps with a B and Fl 
foundation) 


I am doubtful about attributing to Massinger the last 
five speeches of IV. 2. 

If I be right in treating the play as originally by 
Beaumont and Fletcher, it must have been one of their 
very first joint efforts. Field’s revision of it for Queen’s 
Revels Children would presumably be subsequent to 
their severance from the company, but can hardly be 
put later than 1610-1. Massinger’s version was probably 
done, either for the same company or for the allied 
Lady Elizabeth’s, about 1613-4. It is certainly not work 


Field Plays 369 


of his last period. The frequency of classical allusions 
is an indication of early work; though Massinger al- 
ways remained partial to such affectation of learning. 
In this play, however, it does not seem to be peculiar to a 
single writer. It may be noted that in IV. 3 the King 
proposes disguise to Tullius, though, as suggested later 
in the same scene, he is, in the closing scene, unknown 
to Titus, as to others. Probably in one version of the 
play, the King was in the secret. This may help to 
indicate revision, and links up probably with the incon- 
sistency in the delineation of the monarch to which I 
have drawn attention. 


45. Four Plays in One. 


If this be reckoned one of the good plays of our au- 
thors, it is entirely owing to the presence amongst the 
four plays it contains of that real little masterpiece, The 
Triumph of Love, which takes its rank with the finest 
work contained in the collection; and, strangely enough, 
it is precisely regarding that one that most difference of 
opinion is expressed. 

I have a peculiar interest in Four Plays in One. The 
view I put forth in “E. S.” regarding it constituted 
the sole dissenting voice from the opinion advanced over 
a century ago by Weber and adopted by all the investi- 
gators of the authorship of these plays. According to 
them, the Induction and the first two plays were by 
Beaumont, and the remaining two plays by Fletcher. I 
agreed with them as to Fletcher’s share, but gave the 
Induction and The Triumph of Honour to Field, re- 
stricting Beaumont’s portion to The Triumph of Love. 
My view fell very flat. It was, in fact, utterly ignored 


370 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


for nearly a quarter of a century, when, to my amaze- 
ment, Gayley adopted the idea of Field’s participation. 
And now, as is so often the way, after being so many 
years the one radical in a conservative world, I have 
been pushed into a sort of backwater of conservatism. 
Gayley went beyond me by further reducing Beau- 
mont’s share and increasing Field’s; and the latest Beau- 
mont and Fletcher investigators (Sykes and Wells) 
throw Beaumont out altogether, and award the whole 
of the Induction and the first two plays to Field; and 
in his “Representative English Comedies,” volume 3, 
Gayley seems inclined to adopt the same position. And 
this is the play which Fleay took as the basis of his 
separation of the Beaumont characteristics from those 
of Fletcher! There is irony in the circumstance. 

Rogers and Ley’s catalogue gave the work to Beau- 
mont and Fletcher; Archer’s, to Fletcher alone. Except 
for the inclusion of this portmanteau play in the folios 
and its accrediting to Beaumont and Fletcher in Robin- 
son and Moseley’s Stationers’ Register entry of Sep- 
tember 29, 1660, we have no external evidence of its 
authorship. It does not occur in either the King’s list 
of 1641 or the Cockpit list of 1639, and cannot be traced 
to either of these companies. It was in all probability a 
boys’ play, the music, singing, dancing, and display all 
pointing in that direction. It may possibly not have been 
for public performance at all, but only for presentation 
at Court. I think it is most reasonable to assume that 
it was written for the Queen’s Revels Children, though 
it must be borne in mind that this is nothing more than 
a surmise, based on the belief that it was written for a 
boys’ company and that the style of the Fletcher por- 


Field Plays 371 


tion is too developed for it to have been written while 
the Paul’s boys were still in operation. 

The date is altogether doubtful. Lawrence declared 
for 1612-3 very positively, but quite unconvincingly. 
He has since abandoned it in favor of 1625. Gayley’s 
dating of 1610 for the Fletcher portion and 1612 for 
the Field is also unsatisfactory. I do not agree with him 
that the address to Field’s A Woman is a Weathercock 
precludes the possibility of his having already had a 
share in Four Plays in One. My own dating must de- 
pend to some extent upon my view of the authorship, 
to which I must now turn, first remarking that we can- 
not say definitely that all the playlets composing it were 
written at about the one time. There are signs of altera- 
tion or abridgment in The Triumph of Death (for in- 
stance, who is Longaville, who enters in scene 3, and is 
mentioned in the text, as well as in the stage directions, 
but who says nothing, and does not figure in the dramatis 
persone?); but that is another matter, due probably 
only to the necessity of curtailing Fletcher’s exuber- 
ance. 

The prologue to The Triumph of Death may not per- 
haps be Fletcher’s; but from that point onward there 
can be no doubt as to his sole authorship, with the ex- 
ception perhaps of the epilogue. It is only the Induction 
and the first two “triumphs” which need cause us con- 
cern. There cannot, I think, be much doubt that the 
Induction and The Triumph of Honour are from the 
one pen. Both bear considerable resemblance to the early 
work of Beaumont, but both have points of contact with 
the dramas of Field. The three great difficulties which 
meet us in an attempt to solve the authorship of the 


372 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Beaumont and Fletcher plays gather together here to 
overwhelm us. It is seldom easy to determine the re- 
sponsibility for prose passages (and there is prose here) ; 
the early work of Beaumont and Fletcher does not 
markedly present the characteristics that we associate 
with their later work (and it is possible that there may be 
early Beaumont work here); and there is a very close 
resemblance between the style of Beaumont and that 
of Field. The question to be settled concerning the In- 
duction and the first play is, whether they are to be re- 
garded as Field or as fairly early Beaumont. If the 
plays are to be considered as of the one year, this should, 
in view of the developed character of the verse in 
Fletcher’s two “triumphs,” be Field; but can we be 
sure that two of the plays were not written some years 
before the other two? The chances are, however, greatly 
in favor of the Induction being, in such a case, the last 
written portion of the work, since it would be a mere 
concoction of a framework for the incorporation of al- 
ready existent playlets; and, as it is this framework and 
the first of the four “triumphs” that have the most 
marked characteristics of comparative earliness, I feel 
compelled to abandon this possibility and to regard the 
five sections of the work as belonging all to the one 
period. If I do that, I must see Field rather than Beau- 
mont in the Induction and The Triumph of Honour. 
Mr. Dugdale Sykes, whose judgments regarding au- 
thorship are based almost invariably upon similarities in 
vocabulary, phraseology, and idea, cites but one parallel 
with Field’s work in the Induction, and that is with The 
Queen of Corinth, which he only assumes (though, in 
my opinion, correctly) to be in part Field’s. The parallel 


Field Plays a73 


is a fairly strong one;* but the real strength of the claim 
for Field’s authorship of the Induction rests mainly 
upon its stylistic connection with The Triumph of Hon- 
our, with which it must stand or fall, since the two are 
obviously from the one mint. 

Mr. Sykes gives five parallels between The Triumph 
of Honour and The Queen of Corinth. Two of these 
are valueless, one of the two being indeed no parallel 
at all. Nor need too much strength be attached to the 
alliterative association of “arts” and “arms” in both 
(if it be of force here, it must be of force also in The 
Faithful Friends). More importance must be attached 
to the use of “antedate” in the sense of “anticipate,” 
especially if Mr. Sykes be right in saying that the word 
is not used by Beaumont. By far the strongest of these 
parallels is this: 


“When men shall read the records of thy valour, 
Thy hitherto brave virtue, and approach 
(Highly content yet) to this foul assault 
Included in this leaf, this ominous leaf, 
They shall throw down the book and read no more, 
Though the best deeds ensue.” 
(The Triumph of Honour, scene 2.) 


1 Induction— 
“Majestic ocean, that with plenty feeds 
Me, thy poor tributary rivulet; 


Cursed be my birth-hour and my ending day, 
When back your love-floods I forget to pay.” 


The Queen of Corinth, Il. 2— 
“J came to tender you the man you have made, 
And, like a thankful stream, to retribute 
All you, my ocean, have enriched me with.” 


374 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“When posterity 
Shall read your volumes, filled with virtuous acts, 
And shall arrive at this black bloody leaf, 
. . what follows this, 
Deciphering any noble deed of yours, 
Shall be quite lost, for men will read no more.” 
(The Queen of Corinth, IV. 3.) 


As Mr. Sykes says, those two passages are either written 
by the same man or the one is a deliberate theft from 
the other. 

In regard to The Triumph of Honour, Mr. Sykes 
comes to the same conclusion that I came to many years 
ago and puts up proof that is far in excess of anything 
I offered; but nevertheless I must take exception to 
one or two of his assertions. He says that it is “all but 
impossible” for Beaumont to have been concerned in 
The Queen of Corinth, because that play contains an 
allusion to Coryat’s “Greeting,” not published till the 
year of Beaumont’s death; but, in face of the frequency 
of interpolation in Elizabethan dramas, there is no 
justification for regarding Beaumont’s participation as 
out of the question. (It must be understood that I am 
not arguing in favor of his part-authorship, but only of 
its possibility.) Again, I altogether dissent from the 
dictum that “it is impossible to arrive at any other con- 
clusion than that” Four Plays in One and The Queen of 
Corinth “were written practically contemporaneously,” 
and that the former must consequently be dated 1617 
or thereabouts. And, thirdly, objection is to be taken 
to Mr. Sykes’ habit of using parallels both ways. To 
use The Queen of Corinth to prove Field’s authorship 
of part of the Four Plays and then to use the latter to 


Field Plays a 75 


prove Field’s part-authorship of The Queen of Cor- 
inth is a course that is distinctly open to objection. 

Of the direct clues to Field cited by Mr. Sykes, the 
really significant one is his employment of the “vane” 
metaphor in scene 2 (it occurs also in The Fatal Dowry, 
II. 2); but I may add some reasons of my own for re- 
garding The Triumph of Honour, and therefore also 
the Induction, as Field’s—the rhymes have much more 
an air of premeditation than Beaumont’s; burlesque 
double-ending rhymes are not as frequently as by Beau- 
mont employed in conjunction with run-on lines (in 
this connection, IV. 2 of A Woman is a Weathercock 
may be compared with Humphrey’s burlesque rhyming 
in The Knight of the Burning Pestle); the use of the 
objective “ye” (as also in the Induction) is in accord- 
ance with his practice; and there is a Fieldian air about 
the speech beginning “Flow forth” (scene 1). I believe 
all to be Field’s right up to the end of Cupid’s speech; 
and here let it be remarked that, while, elsewhere, the 
Poet acts as prologue-speaker, here Cupid does so. That 
the interlude between the triumphs of Honour and 
Love is Field’s seems to me to be evidenced by the 
following: 

“How many of our wives now-a-days would deserve to triumph 
in such a chariot? 

Rin. 'That’s all one. You see they triumph in caroches, 

Fri, That they do, by the mass! but not all neither: many of 
them are content with carts.” 


And now we come to the most difficult section, The 
Triumph of Love. Of the arguments advanced by Mr. 
Sykes for the Fieldian authorship of this, the ones that 
strike me as in any way significant are these: (1) the 


376 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


use of “antipathous” (scene 2), as in Field’s part of 
The Queen of Corinth; (2) this parallel: 


“You have o’er-charged my breast 
With grace beyond my continence. I shall burst” 
(scene 2); 
“To conceal it 
Will burst your breast: ’tis so delicious, 
And so much greater than the continent” 
(A Woman is a Weathercock, 1.1); 


(3) the use of “innocency” in scenes 3 and 4, Field fa- 
voring this quadrisyllabic form; (4) “female tears” 
(scene 4), which may compare with “female hate” in 
Amends for Ladies, I11.2; (5) the use of the word 
“jocundly” (scene 6), as in Field’s part of The Queen 
of Corinth (III. 2); and (6) this parallel: 


“The law 
Is but the great man’s mule: he rides on it, 
And tramples poorer men under his feet” (scene 6) ; 


“Some say some men on the back of law 
May ride, and rule it like a patient ass” 
(A Woman, Il. 1); 


though the difference here is not, as Sykes says, that in 
the one case the law is compared to a mule, and in the 
other to an ass; but that in the one the poor are the vic- 
tims, and in the other the law itself. 

I may say straight away that I am not prepared to 
hold to my original opinion. The final scene presents 
many signs of being Field’s; and, when I have granted 
so much, the case of all the rest of The Triumph of 
Love is thrown into the melting-pot. I do not say that 
there is nothing in the scene that may not be Beau- 
mont’s; but I see no definite indication of him, several 


Field Plays 377 


signs of Field, and nothing that may not proceed from 
that writer. Less certainly I am prepared to give scene 
2, from Angelica’s exit to Dorothea’s entry, scene 3, 
from “Enter Violante in a bed,” and scene 4 also to 
Field. This leaves only 1, the opening and close of 2, 
the opening of 3, and 5, that may be Beaumont’s; and, 
as there is nothing in them that may not be Field’s, 
even though they seem somewhat more like Beaumont’s 
work, I feel compelled to abandon the idea of his par- 
ticipation and give the whole of the little play to Field. 
If this view be correct, he should take a higher place 
in the honor-list of the dramatists of the time than he 
has usually been accorded. I may add that, of eight 
verse-tests I have employed, six in Honour and seven 
in Love suit Field, and five in each fit Beaumont. 


My division is then: 


Fd—Induction—Prologue to Triumph of Death 
Fl—Triumph of Death-Triumph of Time 


The abandonment of my belief in the presence of 
Beaumont means giving to Field two very typical Beau- 
mont lines in scene 5 of The Triumph of Love— 


“Here [ll sit, 
And think myself away” 


and 
“T will never 
Nor write nor read again”; 


but, as I have frequently remarked, Field undoubtedly 
took Beaumont for his model, as may easily be seen by 
a study of Amends for Ladies, and these Beaumont- 
like expressions may well be from Field’s pen. Regard- 


378 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ing the latter of the two, note, in The Knight of Malta, 
I. 3 (where it is presumably Field’s), 


“YT will never nor write nor read again.” 


Assuming the play to be by Fletcher and Field, we 
may arrive at a date later than the middle of 1613, 
when the regular Beaumont and Fletcher partnership 
had come to an end, and when Fletcher’s connection 
with the King’s had temporarily ceased. Field was with 
the Lady Elizabeth’s till about 1615-6; and, as that 
company was till then in close association with the 
Queen’s Revels Children, it seems highly probable that 
the play was written for the latter. That gives us a 
date of about 1614, much about the time when Fletcher 
is known to have been collaborating with Field, Massin- 
ger, and Daborne. I regard it, in any case, as not earlier 
than 1613 and not later than 1615. 

I have casually mentioned Mr. W. J. Lawrence’s 
placing of the work in 1625. He has been good enough 
to put at my disposal the following extract from his 
Harvard lecture on “The Composite Play,” which I 
have much pleasure in using: 

Four Plays in One consists of three plays entitled The Triumph 
of Honour, The Triumph of Love, and The Triumph of Death, all 
based on stories in the Decameron, together with an original masque 
entitled The Triumph of Time. The whole is in a neat frame- 
work, An induction reveals that the composition has been written in 
celebration of the nuptials of Emanuel, King of Portugal, and Isa- 
bella of Castile, in whose presence it is about to be performed; and 
between the plays, as well as at the end, the royal pair indulge in 
comment. The piece itself bears evidence that it was written for 
court performance, and it seems not unlikely that in the induction 
we have topical allusiveness either to a recent event or to one that 
is about to take place. In an article entitled “The Date of Four 


Field Plays 379 


Plays in One” published in “The Times Literary Supplement” for 
December 11, 1919, I sought to show that the play was written in 
celebration of the nuptials of the Prince Palatine and the Lady 
Elizabeth, in 1613, but I must confess that I am not at all sur- 
prised that Chambers (“Elizabethan Stage,” III, p. 231) fails to 
find my argument convincing, for I see now that it is wholly wide 
of the mark. This time I have something more sensible to advance. 

In his interesting paper on “Nathaniel Field’s work in the 
Beaumont and Fletcher Plays,” published in his “Sidelights on 
Elizabethan Drama,” Mr. H. Dugdale Sykes makes a move in the 
right direction in dating Four Plays in One somewhat later than 
it has hitherto been dated. He thinks it cannot have been written 
before 1617 and belongs to close on that year. Following his ex- 
ample, I am disposed to go still further ahead, and to assign it to 
the period of 1623-1625. There are some vague clues to this 
period in the Induction, where Frigoso, the court usher, is shown 
strenuously exerting himself to keep back the crowd which is strug- 
gling to get in to see the performance. This is a pet device of 
Fletcher’s. In A Wife for a Month, licensed for the King’s men 
in May, 1624, we have in act II. sc. 6, a scene before the masque 
in which the Second Servant says:— 


“Look to that back door, 
And keep it fast; they swarm like bees about it.” 


And presently the Citizens’ wives troop in to see the masque. There 
is also a hint in the Induction of a prevailing custom of giving 
occasional performances at court for ladies only, Frigoso says: 


“You see how full the scaffolds are, there is scant room for a 
lover’s thoughts there. Gentlewomen, sit close for shame: has none 
of ye a little corner for this gentleman?” 


If you ask me at what period this custom was rife, I should point 
to the entry in Sir Henry Herbert’s Revels records (Adams, p. 52), 
referring to November 2, 1624, which reads, “The night after, my 
Lord Chamberlin had Rule a Wife and Have a Wife for the ladys, 
by the kings company.” 

One of the puzzles presented by Four Plays in One is that, 
while the epilogue reads as if addressed to an ordinary audience, 


380 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


the whole production smacks of the court. Not since the early days 
of Tamburlaine had there been such profuse employment of 
chariots on the stage as we find in this piece, though at court in 
the Jacobean period they were frequently to be seen in masques 
and triumphs. Moreover, in very few theatre plays can the fre- 
quent descents and ascents of divinities be paralleled. In The Tri- 
umph of Time, sc. ii, we even get simultaneous descents of Jupiter 
and Mercury, hardly a theatre feat, and certainly not a feat accom- 
plished in any of the Jacobean masques. Court scenic machinery 
must have reached a considerable pitch of perfection before that 
precise spectacular effect could have been procured. Moreover, in 
the first play, The Triumph of Honour, there is a magical change 
unlike anything to be found in early seventeenth-century drama 
but like sundry scenic transformations which had been seen in the 
court masque. Scene ii represents a rocky view before Athens. To- 
wards its close we get the direction: “Solemn music. A mist ariseth, 
the rocks remove.” In the concluding masque there was also a rock, 
a symbolical golden one, which spurted out flames when Plutus 
struck it. In the sixteenth century this was a conventional court 
effect. (Cunningham, “Revels Accounts,” pp. 144 and 146.) 

It is noteworthy that Reyher (“Les Masques Anglais,” Appendix, 
p- 528) in discussing Neptune’s Triumphs, the aborted court masque 
of January, 1624, refers to a carpenter’s account preserved in the 
Audit Office, reference “(W) B. 2424 R 54,” detailing the “makeing 
a rocke in the vault vnder the banquetting house, setting upp degrees 
and making ready the banquetting house for the maske, etc., etc.” 
But this rock can hardly have been for Neptune’s Triumph or for 
The Fortunate Isles and their Union that succeeded it twelve 
months later and absorbed all of its scenic details. Not in the book 
of either is there any hint of the employment of a rock. It looks to 
me as if this unwieldy property was prepared for Four Plays in 
One. But what then could have been the event this composite play 
was written to celebrate? Nothing suitable in the records of 1623-24 
presents itself. The play could hardly have been prepared to cele- 
brate the nuptials of Prince Charles with the Spanish Infanta, Donna 
Maria, as it was known in October, 1623, that all idea of the 
match had been definitely abandoned. If we are to date it any- 
where about this period, I see nothing for it but to assume that it 


Field Plays 381 


was written in honour of the Prince’s alliance with Henrietta Maria 
early in 1625. 

One reason why I formerly dated Four Plays in One 1613 was 
because of a certain similarity of theme between its concluding 
masque and Chapman’s Masque of the Inner Temple and Lincoln’s 
Inn of that date. In the former, Plutus enters surrounded by singing 
and dancing Indians who acknowledge him as master. Labour, Indus- 
try and the Arts appear. Anthropos is borne to a rock which Plutus 
strikes; flames fly out, and Anthropos gives thanks to Jupiter on be- 
holding a mine of gold. Plutus then departs for Virginia, accom- 
panied by Industry and Labour. What I see now and failed to grasp 
formerly is that Virginian affairs were quite as much on the tapis at 
the close of the first James’s reign as they were in its meridian. 
Proof: in August, 1623, Herbert licensed for the Curtain players “A 
Tragedy of the Plantation of Virginia,” adding to his record, “the 
profaneness to be left out, otherwise not tolerated” (Adams, “Her- 
bert,” p. 24). 

It is vital to note also that a stage direction in the concluding 
masque in Four Plays in One shows that the play was written for 
performance on a masque stage of the middle period. It occurs in 
the last scene and runs:— 


“One half a cloud is drawn. Singers are discovered: then the 
other half drawn.” 


The withdrawal of the second half reveals Jupiter in all his glory. 
A disclosure such as this was only possible on a stage sheltered behind 
a proscenium arch, a court masque stage as contradistinguished from 
the open platform of the contemporary theatres. The modus oper- 
andi can readily be deduced from Inigo Jones’s maturer scheme of 
mounting, and particularly from his sectional design for Salmacida 
Spolia, preserved in Lansdowne MS. 1171. As in our latterday 
theatre, the masque stage in its middle period had sky borders but 
they were not of the latterday arrangement. Instead of being all 
of a piece and working perpendicularly, these “clouds” as they were 
called, were each in two or three sections and drew off horizontally. 
In this, as well as in being suspended on a sort of tramway, they 
followed the contemporary Italian scenic system. Here we have the 
secret of the common masque-direction, “the clouds divide.” This 


382 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


arrangement was afterwards adopted on the Restoration picture 
stage, as exemplified by the direction in Duffet’s burlesque of 1678 
entitled Psyche Debauch’d, in the fifth act of which we get: 
“Trumpets are heard afar off, the Heavens divide; and from the 
farthest end Mercury flies down attended by Fame, and the whole 
Heaven appears adorn’d with Angels and Musick.” Subsequently 
these clouds were known in theatrical argot as “cloudings”; and it is 
significant that in an extant inventory made in Covent Garden in 
1743 we have among the items, “A hook to draw off the cloudings.” 

I am no great believer in the evidential value of stylistic resem- 
blances, and I do not pretend to be able to tell you what writers 
collaborated on Four Plays in One. All the same, I happen to have 
stumbled across a curious trace of Fletcher in The Triumph of 
Love, the second play of the series. In scene v, for the normal “enter 
behind” which mostly connotes eavesdropping, we get “enter pri- 
vately,” thus: “Enter Ferdinand, and Benvoglio privately after 
him”; which means that Benvoglio showed himself between the 
curtains of the rear stage. Now, this use of the term “privately” is 
peculiar to Fletcher. We find examples in stage directions in The 
Loyal Subject, Il. 3; The Little French Lawyer, W1.1; and The 
Prophetess, lV. 5. These three plays are all of a period, running from 
November 1618 to May 1622. I take leave to think that this method 
of identification is quite as sound as some of the more elaborate 
tests, and am amused therefore to find that Mr. H. Dugdale Sykes 
(p. 206) is confident that Field wrote The Triumph of Love. 


If Lawrence be right in his dating, I must be wrong 
in my attribution; and, if my attribution be right, his 
dating cannot be correct. I have a few comments to 
make on his very interesting view. First, I do not con- 
sider that the reference in A Wife for a Month neces- 
sarily implies a similar date for Four Plays. Secondly, 
Frigoso’s quoted speech does not infer a performance 
for ladies only. If it did, they would not be asked to 
make room for a man. Thirdly, as Lawrence admits, 
the epilogue “reads as if addressed to an ordinary audi- 


Field Plays 383 


ence.” Surely, in view of that fact, it is reasonable to 
regard the work as not originally for the Court. The 
arguments for a Court performance are incontrovert- 
ible, and those for a late presentation such as Law- 
rence supposes are undeniably strong; but the most 
reasonable view to take, it seems to me, is that Fletcher 
revised the work at the late date suggested, so as to fit 
it for the possibilities of Court performance. That would 
account for the developed character of Fletcher’s verse 
to which I have already directed attention. Fourthly, if 
the use of the term “Enter privately” be peculiar to 
Fletcher, it does not mean that he was necessarily the 
author of the scene in which it occurs. The author may 
have omitted stage directions; and Fletcher, if revising 
the play for Court presentation, as I have suggested, 
may well have inserted it. Was the use of the term pe- 
culiarly his, however? The occurrences in The Prophet- 
ess and The Little French Lawyer are both in Massin- 
ger scenes—which is not to say that the directions may 
not have been supplied by Fletcher. 

It may be mentioned, in conclusion, that Chelli ad- 
heres to the old ascription of the Induction and the 
first two plays to Beaumont, and the last two plays to 
Fletcher. 


46. The Honest Man’s Fortune. 


This very interesting play exists in two versions, the 
printed one, as given in the folios, and a manuscript 
one, which contains alterations for production and a 
different close to the final scene. 

Beyond its inclusion in the folios, the only external 
evidence as to its authorship is afforded by its ascription 


384 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


to Fletcher in Kirkman’s catalogue. The manuscript 
tells us that it was acted in 1613. Among the actors 
who played in it were Field, Benfield, Reade, Taylor, 
Egglestone, and Basse. This list seems, as Chambers 
says, to suggest the Lady Elizabeth’s company after 
the Queen’s Revels Children had joined up with it in 
March, 1612-3; and, as Egglestone left the company 
not later than 1612-3, it must have been in that March 
that the piece was played. It passed into the hands of 
the King’s men not later than February, 1624-5, when 
it was reallowed for them, and it figures in the King’s 
list of 1641. 

Fleay ascribed it to Fletcher, Massinger, Field, and 
Daborne, for no other reason than that it was “from 
internal evidence evidently written by four authors, of 
whom Fletcher and Massinger are two,” and that it was 
therefore in all probability “the play of Mr Fletcher 
and ours,” alluded to by Daborne in the famous begging 
letter of Field, Daborne, and Massinger. Bullen seemed 
inclined to follow Fleay; Boyle thought it the work of 
Beaumont, Fletcher, Tourneur, and Massinger; and 
Macaulay, disbelieving in Beaumont, agreed in think- 
ing it the work of four authors—Tourneur, Massinger, 
Field, and Fletcher. I, too, like every one else, saw four 
hands; but I ventured to name only three—Field, 
Fletcher, and Massinger.* Soon after my views were 

1 My division, allowing for the fact that I split my present II. 4 
into two scenes, was as follows: 

Fd—Il. 2b-4, III. 3b, IV. 1, 2b 
FI—V 
M—III. 1-3a (to Mallicorn’s exit) 


4th author—I, II. 1, (?) 2a (to Dubois’ entry) 
M and Fd—IV. 2a (to Lamira’s entry) 


Field Plays 385 


published, however, I became convinced that my fourth 
author was Tourneur, whom I had been kept from 
recognizing by the attribution to him of the altogether 
different Revenger’s Tragedy. In 1613 there was no 
one but Tourneur who had put out a play written in 
the style of The Atheist’s Tragedy. As I remarked in 
an article in “Modern Philology,” January, 1911, the 
style differs here in that Tourneur has dropped rhyme, 
which elsewhere he used sparingly, and that he does not 
end his speeches with his lines, and I have since dis- 
covered other differences, of which more later; but I 
have, nevertheless, little doubt of this author being 
Tourneur. 
Later investigators are M. Chelli, who denies Mas- 
singer’s participation; Mr. Sykes, who declares for “at 
least” four authors, substituting Webster for Tourneur; 
and Mr. Wells, who, after giving the usual four, has 
since added Webster as a fifth, his belief being that 
“probably neither Fletcher nor Massinger was in the 
first edition of the play.” My own view is that the play 
has to be divided among five, as I feel that Sykes is 
right in seeing Webster’s presence. My allotment is: 
Tos, I. 3,29 
W—II. 2, 4a (to Montague’s entry—the first speech certainly, 
the rest doubtfully), III. 1b (the prose), 2b, d, 3b, d (three 
speeches following Montague’s exit), f 

Fd—lIl. 4b (with some W, while Mallicorn is on the stage), IV, 
V. 3b (from “Ami. I will not say how much I owe you for it”) 

FI—V. 1-3a 

M—III. 2a (five speeches), c (from Orleans’ entry to the sword- 
drawing), 3a (four speeches), c (from “Mont. Though you 
take privilege”), e (Lamira’s last speech) 

W and M—III. 1a, c 


386 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The Beaumontesque final dialogue of I.1 may be 
Field’s, and the twelve speeches following Lamira’s 
exit in IV. 1 may possibly be by Fletcher; I. 3 contains 
resemblances to Field’s work. 

Massinger’s work seems to be revisory, and was, I 
take it, done in 1624-5, when the play was reallowed. 
Though the manuscript is marked “as played in 1613,” 
it is quite likely to have been a clean copy, containing 
later revision. I have had some hesitancy in including 
Massinger; but what I have marked as his insertions are 
very characteristic of him and of his principles and 
methods of revision. His presence has been so generally 
recognized that I scarcely need to give proofs of it. The 
most typical passage is that at the beginning of III. 2, 
part of which I quoted in “E. S.” There are in IV. 2a 
couple of speeches looking remarkably like one of his 
insertions for the creation of verisimilitude. Orleans bids 
the lacqueys not interrupt the approaching duel; and 
then we have this: 

“Dubois. Except you see 

Strangers or others, that by chance or purpose 


Are like to interrupt us. 
Orl, Then give warning.” 


Massinger liked to leave nothing to the imagination; 
and this may well be his, especially in view of the 
splitting of the instructions between two speakers. 
Fleay gives I. 1-II. 1 to Massinger, because of the 
weak endings, II. 2-4 to Daborne; and III and IV to 
Field. Boyle, on the contrary, gives I-II to Tourneur, 
III to Massinger, and IV to Beaumont. Bullen agrees 
in thinking the third act, or part of it, Massinger’s, and 
considers that Fleay’s “suggestion that the fourth act 


Field Plays 387 


(with perhaps part of the third) belongs to Field is 
very plausible.” Acts I and II he gives to “some other 
playwright:” and he denies that “a trace of Beaumont’s 
hand can be found.” That Daborne had nothing to do 
with the authorship of this play as it stands should be 
plain to any one who has read The Poor Man’s Com- 
fort and The Christian turn’d Turk; and I fear that 
“the play of Mr Fletcher and ours” is lost. Boyle’s 
error in supposing the author of IV. 1 to be Beaumont 
is understandable, for the resemblances between Field 
and Beaumont are numerous. He probably thought of 
Bellario, and said “Veramour is from the same hand,” 
but the pathos of Field is of much the same stamp, and 
Veramour is as much like Lady Honour as Bellario. The 
opening of the scene 


“Now, Montague, who discerns thy spirit now, 
Thy breeding, or thy blood? Here’s a poor cloud 
Eclipseth all thy splendour: Who can read 
In thy pale face, dead eye, or Lenten suit 
The liberty thy ever-giving hand 
Hath bought for others, manacling itself 
In gyves of parchment indissoluble,” 


has certainly all the “run” of Field; and this (from 
the same scene), 
“And thus we’ll breed 
A story to make every hearer weep, 
When they discourse our fortunes and our loves,” 


may be compared with the following from his part of 
The Knight of Malta (V.1): 


“Think on the legend which we two shall breed, 
Continuing as we are, for chastest dames 
And boldest soldiers to peruse and read.” 


388 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Sykes directs attention to the use in IV of “manacle” 
as a verb, as in scene 2 of The Triumph of Love, and 
of “Art thou there, basilisk?” as in scene 2 of The Tri- 
umph of Honour. 1 may mention that of eight verse- 
tests which I applied, four pointed to and four away 
from Beaumont, while three were suitable and five un- 
suitable for Field. 

Macaulay suggested that Act I was by Tourneur, 
III. 1 by Massinger, IV by Field, and V by Fletcher, 
but branded the rest doubtful. More’s only contribu- 
tion to the question is that I and II have a few in- 
stances of the use of “ye,” though less than usual with 
Fletcher (which is not strange, considering they are not 
Fletcher’s), and that his test shows V to be Fletcher’s, 
and III and IV not. Alden expresses an opinion regard- 
ing only “the opening scenes of Act IV,” of which he 
says, “Oliphant is doubtless right in thinking that they 
are probably the work of Field or some other imitator” 
of Beaumont. Sykes has done valuable service in dis- 
covering the presence of Webster; but the only act about 
which he seems certain is V, which he gives to Fletcher. 
He declares I to be “of doubtful authorship, perhaps 
Webster’s,” III he assigns to Webster and Massinger, 
IV to Field, with a query, and II to Webster. He con- 
siders that “there is much mixed writing,” and seems 
to think that Massinger is concerned in II, and some 
other in IV. He pronounces I. 1 “certainly most puz- 
zling.” 

The presence of Webster is plainly to be seen in the 
prose. Of some twenty or thirty definite indications of 


Field Plays 389 


him that I jotted down, but one occurred in a verse 
part. Here are passages very characteristic of him: 


“And how runs rumour? 
Lav, Why, it runs, my lord, like a footman without a cloak, to 
show that what once is rumoured cannot be hid. 
Orl, And what say the rabble? am not I the subject of their talk? 


Lav, Faith, the men do a little murmur at it, and say ’tis an ill 
precedent in so great a man; marry, the women, they rail outright.” 


(TIS25) 


“Lam. How like you the country? 

Ver. I like the air of it well, madam; and the rather because, as 
on Irish timber your spider will not make his web, so, for aught I see 
yet, your cheater, pandar, and informer, being in their dispositions 
too foggy for this piercing climate, shun it, and choose rather to 
walk in mists in the city.” 


(III. 1.) 


“The snake that would be a dragon and have wings must eat a 
spider; and what implies that but this, that in this cannibal age he 
that would have the suit of wealth must not care whom he feeds 
on? And, as I have heard, no flesh battens better than that of a 
professed friend; and he that would mount to honour must not make 
dainty to use the head of his mother, back of his father, or neck of 
his brother for ladders to his preferment; for, but observe, and you 
shall find, for the most part, cunning Villainy sit at a feast as princi- 
pal guest, and innocent Honesty wait as a contemned servant with a 


(Lils 43) 


Such passages are very characteristic of the sententious- 
ness, the cynicism, the railing, and the quaint lore of 
Webster. His fancy for prefacing his gibes and his les- 
sons and his parables with “I have heard” is illustrated 
here (as also twice in III. 1), as is his habit of bidding 
his listeners “observe” (as again later in this scene). 


trencher.” 


390 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


As confirmation or otherwise of my view of Tour- 
neur’s authorship of the opening portion of this play, 
I have applied some thirty tests to I. 1 and also to the 
first scene of Tourneur’s Atheist?s Tragedy. The fol- 
lowing close resemblances are shown: medial pauses 
on unaccented syllables, HMF, 88.5 per cent; AT’, 72.7 
per cent: stressed endings, 70.5; 72.9: definitely un- 
stressed endings, 23.9; 19.4: pauseless lines, 43.1; 39.8: 
percentage of pauses to feet, 14.1; 14: percentage of 
medial pauses on first foot, 18.6; 14.7: do. on third 
foot, 33.8; 32.4. Altogether I obtained 11 close re- 
semblances and 8 marked divergencies, among the lat- 
ter being—broken lines, HMF, 20.3 per cent; AT, 
8.5 per cent: unbroken speeches, 12.6; 48.4: end-stopt 
lines, 28; 47.6: percentage of medial pauses on fourth 
foot, 10.5; #il: pauses on unstressed syllables, 6.2; 12.1. 
It may be remarked that the sub-title of The Atheist’s 
Tragedy is “The Honest Man’s Revenge.” I must in 
fairness point out the possibility of the part I have 
allotted to Tourneur being, instead, the work of a later 
dramatist writing for the production in 1624-5, when 
Tourneur’s style of versification had become common. 
Attention may be directed to the number of puns and 
jokes in I. 1. There is something of this tendency in 
The Atheists Tragedy. In case any one may wish to 
identify this play (I fancy some one has already done 
so) with Tourneur’s lost Nobleman, I may point out 
that both it and The Honest Man’s Fortune appear in 
the King’s list of 1641, so that it is out of the question 
for them to be the same play. 

There are many signs of diversity of authorship. La- 


Field Plays 391 


Poop is spoken of sometimes as a land-captain, and 
sometimes as a sea-captain. The author of II. 2 calls 
Lamira “Annabella,” according to the folios; but in 
the manuscript she has her right name, this indicating 
presumably that the play had been reduced to uni- 
formity. In III. 3 there seems to be a speech of Monta- 
gue’s omitted, immediately after the departure of the 
ladies; but this probably implies only abridgment. 
There is a strange inconsistency in Lamira’s conduct 
in IV. 1 and V. 3. In the former she confesses love 
for Amiens; in the latter she casts him aside for Monta- 
gue. This may perhaps be held to indicate that the end- 
ing has been altered; but I do not think that such is 
the case. It may also be pointed out that the fifth act 
constitutes an anti-climax. I feel certain that Massin- 
ger’s work was only revisory; and I believe that 
Fletcher’s was also. Whether the work of the other 
three was all done at the one time is a matter on which 
I do not venture an opinion. I do, however, definitely 
consider that Webster’s work was not done at the same 
time as Massinger’s. If I be right in my dating of the 
play, Fletcher’s work was probably done with Massin- 
ger’s, in 1624, since in 1612-3 he was with King’s. 

In the manuscript nine speeches and a chorus laugh, 
all by Field, are displaced by eight speeches preceding 
the concluding speech. This alternative version does 
not look much like Field’s work; but it may be, though 
hardly as he wrote it. As it would be stupid to suppose 
another author for so small a fragment, I give it to 
Field; but that is my only reason for doing so. 


392 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


47. The Knight of Malta. 


Acted by Burbage, Field, Underwood, Sharpe, Con- 
dell, Benfield, Lowin, and Holcombe, this play clearly 
belonged to the King’s men and was produced not later 
than 1618-9 (the date of Burbage’s death), and not 
earlier than 1615-6, by reason of the presence of Field; 
but I think we may get a little closer by taking note of 
the varying casts of this play, The Queen of Corinth, 
The Mad Lover, and The Loyal Subject. From the 
absence of Tooley’s name from the list of The Knight 
of Malta and The Mad Lover 1 draw no inference, 
because Tooley was certainly with the company both 
earlier than the earliest of these four plays and later 
than the latest; and the same may be assumed of Ben- 
field, who was not in The Queen of Corinth or The 
Loyal Subject. Pollard is only in The Queen of Corinth, 
and Holcombe only in that play and this with which I 
am dealing; but neither was at that time a sufficiently 
important actor to warrant us in treating his presence or 
absence as of much significance. Underwood is absent 
from the Mad Lover list; but that is probably only 
because there are but seven names given in that case 
instead of the usual eight. In any case, Underwood was 
certainly with the company both earlier and later. As 
Sharpe was not in The Queen of Corinth, but in the 
other three, we may assume that he joined the company 
after the production of that play, which was conse- 
quently the first of the bunch. That is the one thing 
that seems pretty certain. For the rest, Egglestone is 
in The Loyal Subject and The Mad Lover; wherefore 
we may perhaps place The Knight of Malta next. If that 


Field Plays 393 


be correct, it must belong to 1616, since The Queen of 
Corinth is not earlier than that year, and The Mad 
Lover is not later. I therefore date these four plays 


The Queen of Corinth, early in 1616 

The Knight of Malta, about the middle of 1616 
The Mad Lover, late in 1616 

The Loyal Subject, November, 1618 


The Knight of Malta occurs in the King’s list of 
1641, but separated from the list of Beaumont and 
Fletcher plays, though it follows The Widow. The only 
indication of its authorship is afforded by its inclusion 
in the folios. Fleay considered it to be by Fletcher, 
Massinger, and Field; Boyle, by Beaumont, Fletcher, 
and Massinger; Ward, by Beaumont and Fletcher; 
Macaulay, ditto, though he afterwards changed to 
Fletcher, Massinger, and another, with a style “some- 
what like that of Field, but better than his usual work”; 
and Bullen, by Fletcher, Massinger, and another (not 
Beaumont). Schelling thinks that “Fletcher has sub- 
mitted an older play, not impossibly Beaumont’s, to a 
complete revision.” Cruickshank traces Massinger only 
in III. 2, but believes he may have assisted elsewhere. 
Sykes and Wells give the play to Fletcher, Massinger, 
and Field. Chelli and Gayley allot it to the same three, 
though the latter is not sure of Field. 

My division is practically unaltered, consisting only 
of the removal of the three short speeches ending 
“Would one of ye would leave me!” in I. 1 from 
Fletcher, and the seventh speech in IV. 1 from Mas- 
singer, and the abandonment of the idea of there be- 
ing remains of an earlier writer in four of Field’s 


394 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


scenes; but, as before, I feel no certainty regarding 
the first and last acts. My division is: 


Fd—l, V 
FI—II. 1-III. 1, 4, IV. 1b (seventh speech), 2, 4b 
M—III. 2, 3, IV. 1a, c, 3, 4a (to Norandine’s entry) 


Fleay gives Fletcher IV. 3 and all IV. 4. Bullen ex- 
presses no opinion on III. 4 or IV. 2-4, and gives part 
of V.2 to Massinger. Macaulay awards Fletcher II, 
III. 2, IV. 2-4; Massinger, III. 2 and (?) IV. 1; and 
his unknown, I, V. Sykes declares I and V to be by 
Field. 

There is not much difficulty regarding the Fletcher 
and Massinger portions of the play. I judge IV. 1 to 
have been originally Fletcher’s, practically entirely re- 
written by Massinger, probably for a revival. In III. 3 
we have Massinger using “mulct” as in The Duke of 
Milan, IV. 3; and another contact with that play is, as 
T. W. Baldwin points out, afforded by the breaking of 
news by Abdella to Mountferrat in IV. 1. The opening 
and closing acts present quite a puzzle. Of eight tests 
applied by me to the latter, six are suitable to Field; 
but just as many are suitable to Beaumont. The second 
scene of Act I is Field’s, and may be compared in 
style with II. 2 of The Fatal Dowry; but the author- 
ship of the other scenes is not so clear. The first speech 
of I. 1 seems to be Field’s, but the next four speeches 
might be out of an early play, and the question arises, 
are they a fragment of such a play or was Field the 
dramatist influenced in his writing by the sort of stuff 
Field the actor had had to learn? The same question 
faces us in regard to the second last speeches of both 


Field Plays 395 


Zanthia and Mountferrat and the latter’s final speech, 
while the first half of the intervening speech of Zan- 
thia’s is much more like William Rowley than either 
Field or an early writer. It is a singular fact that both 
in I. 1 and in I.3 an allusion to the Bashaw’s letter 
should be in wofully prosaic verse. Are we to believe 
that the mere mention of the matter deprived Field of 
all his metrical skill and all his not inconsiderable poetic 
instinct? or are we to commit ourselves to the theory 
that half of Zanthia’s last speech in I. 1 and the un- 
metrical passage in I. 3 are the only vestiges of another 
writer? They cannot be later insertions, for they are 
essential; but they may indeed be passages retained 
from an old original play. In this connection, one may 
note the early style and poor verse of Colonna’s prin- 
cipal speech in V. 2, telling of his being captured and 
sent to Constantinople. 

Very hesitatingly, then, because I am not sure that 
some of the work should not be credited to another 
writer, I give I and V to Field. Even the Rowley-like 
speech in I. 1 I attribute to him, because he has shown 
elsewhere (e.g., in Amends, V. 2, Lady Bright’s speech 
in putting on the ring) that, despite the ordinarily 
pleasant run of his verse, he can drop now and then 
into a very prosaic rhythm. Act V, scene 1, contains 
nothing markedly like him, but nothing that may not 
be his, and it is certainly neither Fletcher’s nor Mas- 
singer’s; and the same may be said of V.2 and the 
greater part of I. 3. If I credit him with the portion 
of the latter scene lying between Miranda’s exit and 
the close of the awfully unmusical speech already re- 
ferred to, it is because I think it preferable to do so 


396 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


rather than to bring in another author. If then I allot 
the play to Fletcher, Massinger, and Field, I am by no 
means certain that there is not present a fourth writer 
also. One has now and then a reminder of Beaumont, 
but I do not regard him as having had anything to do 
with the play. Oriana is not a Beaumontesque woman: 
she not merely shows her innocence; she protests it. The 
fourth last line of I. 1, ; 


“Night makes their hues alike; their use is so,” 


may be compared with 


“Never talk of faces: 
The night allows her equal with a duchess,” 


in I.2 of The Noble Gentleman; but that is not a 
parallel to build on. A line in I. 3, 


“From this time let me never read again,” 


has the very air of Beaumont; but it occurs again in 
but slightly different form in The Triumph of Love, 
where it seems to be Field’s. Sykes gives two significant 
parallels with The Triumph of Honour and one with 
The Triumph of Love; but these carry less weight than 
one with Amends for Ladies, since the authorship of 
that play is hardly to be questioned. 

That Fleay should have given IV. 4a to Fletcher in 


face of such lines as these is surprising: 


Villains, 
Whose baseness all disgraceful words made one 
Cannot express! so strong is the good cause 
That seconds me, that you shall feel, with horror 
To your proud hopes, what strength is in that arm, 
Though old, that holds a sword made sharp by justice. 


Field Plays 397 


Gom. 'Treacherous, bloody woman! 
What hast thou done? 

Zanth. Done a poor woman’s part, 
And in an instant, what these men so long 
Stood fooling for. 

Mount. This aid was unexpected: 
I kiss thee for’t. 

Rocca. His right arm’s only shot; 
And that compell’d him to forsake his sword: 
He’s else unwounded.” 


I must also point out that, if there be a fourth au- 
thor present, he may possibly be Daborne. Not earlier 
than 1613 and not later than 1615, Massinger, Field, 
and Daborne were concerned with Fletcher in the writ- 
ing of a play for Henslowe. In this play three of these 
men are concerned, and it is possible that there may be 
a fourth present. Assuming that there is a fourth, is 
that fourth Daborne? The Knight of Malta was acted 
by the King’s men in or about 1616; but it may pos- 
sibly have been the play written for Henslowe, pro- 
duced then, purchased by the King’s men on Hens- 
lowe’s death, and reproduced by them after they had 
been joined by three of the four collaborators. In that 
case Daborne’s part would probably be largely rewrit- 
ten, especially as his literary ability was markedly in- 
ferior to that of the others. It may be indeed that he 
was a collaborator only by reason of having provided 
the plot; and it is noteworthy in this connection that 
one of his two extant plays is A Christian turwd Turk, 
and that, as already pointed out, the most doubtful parts 
of The Knight of Malta are the references to the Ba- 
shaw of Tripoli and to Constantinople. I make this sug- 
gestion; but I cannot myself accept it, since I see no 


398 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


trace of Daborne’s hand, and I can hardly think that 
nothing whatever of his work would be left. I was at 
one time inclined to think, after abandoning the idea 
of an older writer, that some of the more wooden pas- 
sages were insertions by William Rowley, engaged to 
abridge the play, after Fletcher’s death; but I saw no 
sufficient warrant for such a view. I doubt, however, 
if the play is all of one period. I have shown that 
Massinger seems to have rewritten Fletcher in one 
scene; and also there are circumstances hinting of re- 
vision. Act III, scene 2, begins as if something intro- 
ductory has been lost. At the end of V.1 Miranda 
threatens to try Oriana still further; yet, when they 
next appear, we find that he has arranged with her 
how she is to act, to be restored to her husband. This 
does not look like identical authorship of the two scenes 
of V; but it may mean abridgment, or, still likelier, 
revision. Though I give both scenes to Field, the most 
natural explanation seems to be double authorship of 
some sort. It is to be noted that Massinger has given 
Zanthia the name of “Abdella,” and that she appears 
in the list of characters as “‘Zanthia, alias Abdella.” 


48. The Queen of Corinth. 


This play, which is a meritorious one, though it never 
receives its meed of praise, was a King’s men’s play, 
acted by Burbage, Condell, Underwood, Pollard, Field, 
Lowin, Tooley, and Holcombe. I have shown in the 
discussion on The Knight of Malta that this play prob- 
ably dates early in 1616. (Lawrence says 1617.) As it 
contains a very clear allusion to Coryat’s “Greeting,” 
published 1616, it cannot be earlier than that year, 


Field Plays 399 


unless we are to look upon this allusion as an inter- 
polation. It should date from the lifetime of Coryat 
(who died in 1617), or at least prior to the arrival in 
England of the news of his death. 

Dyce considered the play the work of Fletcher and 
Rowley; Fleay awarded it to Massinger, Field, and 
Fletcher; Bullen, to Fletcher, Massinger, Middleton, 
and Rowley (perhaps the result of Gifford’s discovery 
of resemblances between this drama and The Old 
Law, which is attributed to all of these authors save 
Fletcher); Ward, to Fletcher and (?) Massinger; 
Macaulay, to Fletcher, Massinger, and another; and 
Boyle, to Fletcher, Massinger, and (?) Field. Cruick- 
shank divides it between Fletcher and Massinger. 
Chelli, Sykes, and Wells agree in adding Field. Law- 
rence ascribes it to Fletcher and Field, revised later 
by Massinger.* Stork sees another author than Fletcher, 
but is only concerned to deny that that other is Rowley. 

My own verdict is in favor of Fletcher, Massinger, 
and Field; and my division is precisely what it was 
before: 

M—I, V. 1, 2, 4 

Fl—II 

Fd—Ill, IV 

Fl and Fd—V. 3 

1In a note this authority says: “Either written by Fletcher and Mas- 
singer, or by Fletcher and Field with Massinger as a subsequent reviser. 
The corrupt form of the play points to revision. IV. 4 opens with a dumb 
show, a device eschewed by Beaumont and Fletcher. It was evidently 
introduced to link up the action and summarize something eliminated. 
In V. 3 the Queen says ‘Persuade me not, Euphanes,’ though Euphanes is 
not the last speaker, and the last speaker, Agenor, has attempted no 
persuasion.” The persuasion may, however, have been whispered while 
Agenor was speaking. 


400 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Bullen mistakes Field for Middleton and Rowley. 
Otherwise my only difference with him and Boyle and 
Sykes is that they give all V to Massinger. Fleay mis- 
takes I. 3a, 4, for Fletcher, and V. 3 for Massinger. 
Cruickshank allots Massinger, I. 1, 2, 3 (from “Enter 
Agenor”), V. 2; and Fletcher, I. 3, I. 1-4, III. 1, 2, 
V. 3. He thinks that V. 4 is not due to Massinger, 
and says, “The impression that I get from III is that 
Massinger drafted it, and Fletcher worked over it.” I 
cannot understand the unanimity in according V. 3 to 
Massinger. It seems to me pure Field, save for this one 
interpolation by Fletcher: 
“Oh, my honor! 
My honor blasted in the bud! my youth, 
My hopeful youth, and all my expectation 


Ever to be a man, are lost for ever.” 


Even this may possibly be Field’s; but I do not think 
that it can be Massinger’s. 

The occurrence of “Pish!” in III. 1, 2, and IV. 4 
induces me to point out how favorite an ejaculation it 
is with Field. He uses it four times in A Woman, eight 
times in Amends, and once in The Fatal Dowry, of 
which he was but part-author. Here it does not occur 
outside the Field portion. It was, indeed, not an ex- 
pression affected by Fletcher, and was but rarely used 
by Massinger. “Slight” also appears twice in the Field 
portion, and not elsewhere. I may remark that I see no 
particular signs of Field in IV. 2 and 4, but consider 
them presumably his, like the rest of the act. The fol- 
lowing passage in IV. r— 

“Oh, 


Black clouds of discontent envelop me! 


Field Plays 401 


Garters, fly off; go, hatband, bind the brows 
Of some dull citizen that fears to ache; 

And, leg, appear now in simplicity, 

Without the trappings of a courtier! 

Burst, buttons, burst: your bachelor is worm’d! 


And, devil Melancholy, possess me now! 


Burn, eyes, out in your sockets, sink, and stink!”— 


may not unfitly be compared with the following from 
I. 2 of A Woman is a Weathercock by those who doubt 
Field’s presence: it is surely the same voice speaking: 


“Off, garters blue, 
Which signify Sir Abram’s love was true! 
Off, cypress black, for thou befits not me: 
Thou art not cypress of the cypress-tree, 
Befitting lovers! Out, green shoe-strings, out! 
Wither in pocket, since my Luce doth pout! 
Gush, eyes! thump, hand! swell, heart! buttons, fly open!” 


Of eight verse-tests I applied to this portion of the 
play, seven fit Beaumont, and six fit Field. 

There are distinct marks of mixed authorship and 
probably of revision. Everywhere the fool is called 
“Onos” in the stage directions, but in the text Massin- 
ger calls him “Lamprias” in I, and Field does likewise 
in III.1 and V.3. Fletcher, however, names him 
“Onos” in II. 4, and calls the uncle “Lampree.” Note 
that there is no allusion to Onos’ treble till III. 1, 
when Field makes a point of it. The Tutor also differs 
in that scene, being made pedantically and absurdly 
eloquent. Is not “shadow’d in a sable cloud” (III. 2) 
such an old-time tag as the actor Field easily brought 
to mind and was fond of using? 


402 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The Remaining Plays in which Beaumont was 
Concerned. 


 F the five plays I consider here, some critics would 

agree to the inclusion of Wit at several Weapons, 

and some would take Love’s Cure. A few would add to 

the section The Captain and The Coxcomb. T he Birth of 

Merlin would not be classed anywhere; and The Nice 

Valour and Love’s Pilgrimage would be placed else- 
where. 


49. The Birth of Merlin. 


There is but one investigator—Mr. William Wells— 
who has demanded a place for this play among the 
Beaumont and Fletcher set; but, though he has stood 
alone, I believe him to be right. Of external evidence 
in favor of this attribution there is not a jot. What there 
is is to the effect that The Birth of Merlin is the work 
of Shakespeare and William Rowley. It first saw the 
light as a printed play when it was issued by Kirkman 
and Marsh as by these two authors. As I pointed out 
in that article in “Modern Philology” (January, 1911) 
to which I have already referred in another connection, 
this may be held to be strong evidence in the case of 
Rowley, and weak evidence in the case of Shakespeare, 
because in 1662 Rowley’s name was of no weight what- 
ever, while Shakespeare’s still had a selling value. 
While, therefore, it is possible that Shakespeare’s name 
may have been attached to the play with intent to de- 
fraud, it is extremely unlikely that Rowley’s would be 
so used except in good faith. We may, I think, assume 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 403 


that Rowley’s name was on the manuscript from which 
the play was printed or that some one vouched for his 
authorship. We must then regard the external evidence 
as strongly favoring Rowley’s part-authorship, but as 
being considerably more dubious regarding Shake- 
speare’s. What, in any case, we may look upon as abso- 
lutely certain is, that Langbaine is not correct in say- 
ing, in his “History of the English Dramatic Poets,” 
published in 1691, that Rowley wrote the play with 
Shakespeare. If Rowley be in it, it is probably only as 
a reviser, certainly not as the collaborator of Shake- 
speare. 

When we come to consider the question of date, we 
have to note that in December, 1596, the Admiral’s 
men acted a new play called “Valtiger”—that is to say, 
Vortiger, who appears in The Birth of Merlin—and 
that in the following April the same company acted 
another new play named after another historical or 
semi-historical or legendary character who also figures 
in this play, Uter Pendragon. In June, 1597, an old 
play, almost certainly one of these two, was staged by 
the same company under the name of “Hengest.” Now 
we know “Hengest” to be an alternative name of Mid- 
dleton’s Mayor of Quinborough, a play in which Hen- 
gest, who does not appear in The Birth of Merlin, Uter 
Pendragon, and Vortigern all appear. The name would 
be quite appropriate, as would be that of Vortiger; but 
the name of Uter would not be, since the part he plays 
is a very minor one. I have no hesitation therefore in 
identifying Middleton’s play with “Valtiger.” It may 
be supposed then, and has been suggested, that the 
other play is to be identified with The Birth of Merlin; 


404 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


but, though the name of “Uter Pendragon” would fit 
it reasonably well, and probably fitted it perfectly in 
its original form, I feel quite confident that this 1s not 
the Admiral’s men’s play. That, within five months of 
producing a play on the subject of Vortigern, they 
would present another play covering the same ground 
is extremely unlikely. I take Uter Pendragon to have 
been rather a continuation of the other play, taking up 
the thread of events from the death of Vortigern, with 
which The Mayor of Quinborough ends. The Birth of 
Merlin is much more likely to have been a rival play; 
since it was a common practice of the Elizabethan thea- 
ter, when a company scored a success with a new play, 
for a competing company to rush out a rival to it. I be- 
lieve that if The Birth of Merlin belongs to the six- 
teenth century, it and The Mayor of Quinborough were 
such rival plays, and hold that there is little probability 
of the correctness of the not uncommon view that the 
two plays were produced by the one company and even 
came from the one mint. If, however, Rowley’s hand 
be in The Birth of Merlin, his work must have been 
done considerably later, since, so far as we know, he 
did not enter the dramatic lists until about 1606. The 
clownery is not unlike his work, and may have been 
added by him to take the place of scenes of a romantic 
cast; but it must be admitted that much of it seems in- 
separable from the story, which, however, may itself 
be foreign to the original drama. If these facts be held 
to point to Rowley’s original authorship, the play can- 
not date before the first decade of the seventeenth cen- 
tury. 

This is, in fact, when Stork and Tucker Brooke place 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 405 


it. The latter judges that “From the language and 
grammar, as well as from the general tone, it is clear 
that The Birth of Merlin was not composed later than 
the reign of James I, nor is it at all likely that it ante- 
dates James’s accession.” Stork is more definite. He con- 
siders that it is “evidently in Rowley’s earlier manner,” 
and that he is therefore “fairly safe in placing the date 
ante 1608.” Hopkinson, on the contrary, dates it later 
than 1620, because of the mention in III. 4 of Hockley 
in the Hole, which “appears to have sprung into exist- 
ence some forty years or so before the Restoration.” 
Fleay’s view was that the drama was “clearly a re- 
fashioning by Rowley of an old play”; and he dated 
the revision about 1622. For myself, I can only say that 
I had marked it down long ago as having indications of 
being much later in date than was usually supposed; but 
I could never get away from the difficulty of the rela- 
tionship to The Mayor of Quinborough, which is, how- 
ever, much later in style than one would have reason to 
expect. It may be then that The Birth of Merlin was 
brought out in rivalry to The Mayor of Quinborough, 
not at the latter’s original production, but at an early 
seventeenth century revival. F. A. Howe, in “Modern 
Philology,” Volume IV, after showing the similarity 
of the language of the two plays, and arguing that one 
must be an imitation of the other, points out that The 
Birth of Merlin is probably the later of the two, since 
the other follows history the more closely, while the 
invented Artesia story in The Birth of Merlin only 
follows the story of Rowena in Geoffrey of Mon- 
mouth and that of Roxena in The Mayor of Quin- 
borough. Greg remarks that the stories of the two plays 


406 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


are connected, but are “not quite consistent.” On the 
whole, it seems as if we are free to take for the date 
of the original play any time from the closing decade of 
the sixteenth century to the second decade of the seven- 
teenth, and for the date of revision any time from the 
first decade of the seventeenth to the third. The clear- 
est finger-post is afforded by the use of “Great Britons” 
in III. 1, which seems very definitely to give a date 
subsequent to the proclamation of Great Britain, No- 
vember, 1604; but are we to attribute it to the original 
writing or to a revision? 

That there has been revision, or at least abridgment, 
is abundantly evident. Toclio is mute in half-a-dozen 
scenes; Oswald, in four; and Cador, in one. In III. 6 
Gloster’s entry is unmarked, but he speaks. In II. 3 
Oswald and Toclio both enter twice. The earlier entry 
might be supposed an error, but for the fact that Os- 
wald is addressed prior to his second entry. The reason 
for Uter’s disappearance is never properly accounted 
for. There is no reference to Vortiger till III. 4, and 
till III. 6 no explanation of who he is. There should 
surely be shown the scene between Donobert and the 
Hermit, which is led up to in III]. 2; the fragment in 
V. 2 scarcely suffices. The two visions of Merlin should 
be yet another indication of double authorship or revi- 
sion; but, as a matter of fact, both appear to be from 
the one hand. 

Daniel suggested Middleton’s authorship; Hopkin- 
son, Rowley’s; Howe,’ Middleton and Rowley’s; 

1 Howe’s division is: Md, I. 1, 2, Il. 2, 3, III. 2, 6, IV. tb-4, V. 23 


R, II. 1, Ill. 1, 4, IV. 1a (135 lines), 5, V. 1, the remaining two scenes 
belonging to either. 


Remaiming Beaumont Plays 407 


Fleay, the same, the serious parts being, in his opinion, 
“palpably Middleton’s.” Miss Wiggin urges that 
“Pish!” (which is frequent in the serious parts) is 
Middleton’s ejaculation, not Rowley’s. Stork declares 
that, “If Rowley had any . . . collaborator, he most 
certainly dominated his assistant. The play abounds in 
all of Rowley’s characteristics, and might well have been 
his unassisted work.” Finally, Wells believes it to have 
been originally by Beaumont and Fletcher, revised later 
by either Middleton or Rowley. 

Wells’ case is based on some remarkable resemblances 
he has discovered between The Birth of Merlin and 
Cupid’s Revenge. When he attempts to account for the 
mode of their occurrence, I do not find his arguments 
convincing; but the parallels are in themselves dis- 
tinctly noteworthy. They might be set down as nothing 
more than plagiarism; in which case they would demand 
only passing notice. The really vital thing, it seems to 
me, is that the authorship of the parallel passages seems 
to be the same: that is to say, the verse in which they 
are embedded shows the same characteristics in the two 
plays. In Wells’ article, which appeared in “The Mod- 
ern Language Review,” April, 1921, after pointing out 
similarities in the plots of the two plays, he gives the 
following verbal resemblances: 


“What shall we do with our companies, my lord? — 


Keep them at home to increase cuckolds, 
And get some cases for your captainships. 
Smooth up your brows; the war has spoilt your faces” 


(it; 2.) 
“Tf I had a company, my lord,— 


408 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Of fiddlers! Thou a company! 
No, no: keep thy company at home and cause cuckolds: 
The war will hurt thy face... . 
If thou wilt needs go, and go thus, get a case 
For thy captainship: a shower will spoil thee else.” 
(Cupia’s Revenge, 1. 4.) 


“Your gross mistake would make 
Wisdom herself run madding through the streets 
And quarrel with her shadow. Death! 
Why killed you not that woman? — 


Oh, my lord!— 


The great devil take me quick! Had I been by, 
And all the women of the world were barren, 
She should have died ere he had married her 

On these conditions.— 


It is not reason that directs thee thus.— 


Then have I none, for all I have directs me.” 


(II. 2.) 
“The usage I have had, I know, would make 
Wisdom herself run frantic through the streets, 
And Patience quarrel with her shadow. . . . — 


Why killed you her not? — 
The gods forbid it!— 


*Slight! if all the women in the world were barren, she had 
died.— 


But ’tis not reason directs thee thus. 
Then have I none at all; for all I have in me directs me.’ 


(Cupia’s Revenge, 1V. 1.) 


“Tam even pined away with fretting: there’s nothing but flesh and 
bones about me” 


(III. 1.) 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 409 


“This morning prayer has brought me into a consumption: 
I have nothing left but flesh and bones about me” 
(Wit without Money, V. 1.) 


“You know me, sir? — 


Yes, deadly sin, we know you.” 


(IIL. 6.) 


“Do you not know me, lords? — 


Yes, deadly sin, we know you.” 
(Cupia’s Revenge, V. 2.) 


“Ratsbane,” as a term of address (III. 6), as in Cupia’s Revenge, 
1V 4? 


“Wildfire and brimstone eat thee!” 
(111. 6.) 


“Wildfire and brimstone take thee!” 
(Cupia’s Revenge, IV. 1.) 


What is the interpretation of these parallels? Is it a 
case of an author repeating himself or of one writer 
imitating another? If it be plagiarism, the borrower 
should be he to whose work the passages bear the less 
resemblance. Obviously it is the two long passages that 
will afford us the surest foothold here; and considera- 
tion of them brings us—at least, it brings me—to a 
strange conclusion—that they are not only more in the 
style of the reputed authors of Cupid’s Revenge than 
in that of the reputed authors of The Birth of Merlin, 
but that that style is more marked in The Birth of Mer- 
lin passages than in those from Cupid’s Revenge. The 
deduction is irresistible. 

Mr. Wells has not expressed his views as to the au- 


410 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


thorship of the entire play, but only upon the portions 
that he is inclined to accredit to Beaumont and Fletcher. 
The former he regards as part-author of I. 2 and III. 6a 
(as far as Edol’s entry), and as author, perhaps with 
Fletcher, of II. 2a; and it is to him, I presume, that he 
gives the opening of III. 4, which he considers to be 
“clearly by the writer of IV.3 of Philaster.” To 
Fletcher he awards III. 6b (not perhaps solus), V. 2, 
and perhaps I.1; while he thinks that III. 1, which 
“shows the reviser’s presence very clearly,” contains “at 
least one Fletcher jest,” the fragment quoted above. He 
points out resemblances between the sentence on Artesia 
in V.2 and the sentence on Bacha in V. 2 of Cupid’s 
Revenge. He believes that the reference to talents in 
I. 1 “may infer that the original play was cast for the 
classic regions of Arcadia,” and asks us to note also the 
Arcadian name of Artesia. The story of Basilius, used 
here, is taken from the “Arcadia” of Sidney, and is the 
basis of Day’s Jsle of Gulls. 

I believe that, wherever there is external evidence in 
favor of any authors, it is they who should first re- 
ceive consideration; so here my first attention was di- 
rected to Shakespeare and Rowley. Even in regard to 
such a play as The Birth of Merlin 1 refuse to allow 
prejudices and preconceptions to blind me to the possi- 
bility of Shakespeare being concerned. There are indeed 
one or two lines that seem of a Shakespearean coinage, 
lines that would pass unquestioned in work admittedly 
his. Such are 


“IT commend 
The deeds of others, mine own act not free” (I. 2) ; 


“All in this all-exceeding excellence” (I. 2) ; 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 411 


“His safety, being unquestioned, should to time 
Leave the redress of sorrow” (I. 2) ; 


“I persuade you to no ill. Persuade you then 
That I persuade you well” (V. 2). 


I am not going to claim Shakespeare’s presence on the 
strength of these few lines: they are quite inadequate 
for such a purpose; but I do not overlook the possibility 
that the play may have been an early one which came 
into Shakespeare’s hands, as so many did, for revision, 
and that the little work he contributed to it may have 
been over-written or dropped in a later extensive re- 
writing. I am not a believer in the deliberate dishonesty 
of Kirkman in the matter, and hold it to be highly prob- 
able that Shakespeare was connected with the play in 
some such way as I have suggested. There are in I. 1 
a couple of tags that seem to imply an early date. One 


“She is a woman, sir, and will be won,” 


which points to the Henry VI trilogy, Titus Andronicus, 
and other plays of the pioneering period. The other is 


“No winning without loss to either,” 


which connects with Arden of Feversham. 
My division of the play is: 


B—I. 1a (?), 2a (?), Il. 2b (?), c (from Uter’s entry), III. 2 
(2), 6a, ¢ (2), IV. 2-4 (?) 

FI—I. 1b (last speech), 2b (closing duologue), III. 1b (three 
speeches preceding Devil’s entry) (?), 6b (from Edol’s entry 
to the end of his last speech), IV. 1b (last six speeches) 

R—II. 1 (with some F] between Uter’s entry and his exit), III. 1a, 
oe 57s, 1V. 14, 55 

B and FI—II. 2a (to Anselme’s entry) 


412 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


In this last-mentioned scene-section I am much more 
confident of Fletcher than I am of Beaumont. Indeed, 
all through, Fletcher’s presence seems to me much the 
clearer; yet there are some touches of Beaumont char- 
acteristic enough to warrant his inclusion. Such a one 
is this, from II. 2: 
“OQ you immortal powers, 
Why has poor man so many entrances 


For sorrow to creep in at, when one sense 
Is much too weak to hold his happiness?” 


“Tt is a thought that takes away my sleep” 


is a line in the same scene that seems stamped as his; 
and, as Wells points out, it is paralleled in III. 2 of 
Cupid’s Revenge: 
“Tis a truth 
That takes my sleep away.” 


The appeals to the divinities—“O, you immortal 
powers,” “QO, the gods,” “O, the good gods” (all oc- 
curring in II )—are in his manner; and the strong Ro- 
man Catholic sentiment displayed may, as Wells 
thinks, be his. (It was probably not intended to repre- 
sent Anselme as two-faced; but this is what has been 
done.) “What a dull slave was I!” (III. 6a) occurs also 
in Thierry and Theodoret, V. 1, where it is Fletcher’s.? 
Similar exclamations of disgust are found in II. 1, II. 2, 
and III. 1 of The Noble Gentleman. The rhyme, “with- 
stood—blood” at the close of IV. 1 is found also in 
Cupid’s Revenge, III. 2. In the one case, it seems to be 
Fletcher’s; in the other, Beaumont’s. 

For the absurd “servile slavery” (II. 2) Fletcher 


2 In IV. 4 of Cupid’s Revenge Fletcher has “What a slave was I!” 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 413 


seems to be responsible; he uses it also in The Loyal 
Subject. It is, however, probably Beaumont who has 
“servile treachery” in II. 2b. The objective “ye” is not, 
as some scholars seem to think, peculiar to Fletcher: it 
is found in Ford, Field, and Rowley, among others. 
Here, in three out of the five examples of its use, it is 
Rowley’s; the other two seem, more doubtfully, to be 
Beaumont’s. Fletcher uses “the great devil” in II. 2a 
and IV. 1b. I do not recall its occurrence in any other 
play. Lines in IV. 5— 


“Whither will Heaven and Fate translate this kingdom? 
What revolution, rise and fall of nations, 
Is figured yonder? ”— 


have a very Fletcherian appearance; but I treat them 
as Rowley’s, because I see no other sign of Fletcher in 
the scene in which they occur. 

Rowley has “pendulous stones” in V. 1 and “pendu- 
lous mischief” in IV. 1. He was fond of word-coining; 
and Stork thinks “pendulous,” “pentagoron” (V. 1) and 
“joniferous” (IV. 5) characteristic of him. 

I venture no opinion as to how or when the work of 
the various authors was done. As I have said, I am not 
satisfied with Wells’ attempt to account for the facts, 
though, indeed, I am not quite clear as to his meaning. 
It may be noted that, if my division be correct, Row- 
ley’s part is entirely distinct, save for three doubtful 
speeches in III. 1. I may be wrong in interpreting this 
to mean that the Merlin and Clown parts were added 
by Rowley to the original play, which contained nothing 
of them whatever. In the Prince Uter part of II. 1, 
the Fletcher portion consists of the Prince’s first two 


414 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


speeches and the last seven preceding Toclio’s entry 
and a share in what follows, the clownage being inter- 
posed by Rowley. The play in its first form already had 
a British wonder-worker in the person of Anselme. The 
introduction of Merlin merely duplicates this character. 
I may point out that the sub-title (“The Child hath 
found its Father”), like the title, refers to the Merlin 
story, and therefore, I believe, only to a revised version. 
This seems to constitute an exception to what I regard 
as the ordinary rule, that double titles refer to various 
versions. 

As for the producing company, if it was originally a 
rival play to the Admiral’s men’s “Valtiger,” it is likely 
to have been a Chamberlain’s play and to have been 
touched by Shakespeare; if so, Rowley’s work must 
have been done, as Fleay and Hopkinson surmised, in 
the ’twenties; yet I can hardly fancy the Beaumont and 
Fletcher work on it being done during their connection 
with the King’s men. It seems more reasonable to aban- 
don the idea of its being produced by Shakespeare’s 
company as a rival play to The Mayor of Quinborough, 
and to regard it as written by Beaumont and Fletcher 
before they went to the King’s, and as having been 
rewritten by Rowley for the Lady Elizabeth’s some time 
between 1616 and 1622. 


50. Love's Cure. 


This amusing and much underrated play affords one 
of the most difficult problems of all. One need only 
mention the varied views held regarding its authorship 
to make that fact quite plain. Fleay at first thought it 
the work of Fletcher, Middleton, and William Rowley, 


Remaining Beaumont Plays AIS 


but changed his opinion, apparently on the strength of 
the prologue, and declared it to be Beaumont and 
Fletcher’s, rewritten by Massinger. Macaulay, in de- 
fiance of the external evidence, guessed the play to be 
Massinger’s. Boyle, equally regardless of the evidence, 
first gave it to Massinger and another, and later in- 
cluded Fletcher, though, when he came to a division 
of the work, he left Fletcher out altogether. Bullen 
considered it Massinger and Middleton’s. Thorndike 
accepts, and Gayley rejects, the theory of Beaumont’s 
part-authorship. Cruickshank says there is “nothing like 
Massinger, except a few touches in I. 1, 3”; but else- 
where he declares that Massinger had “nothing to do 
with” it. He seems to think it may be by Fletcher and 
Middleton. Stiefel holds it to be Fletcher’s latest work. 
Rosenbach argues that it shows more knowledge of 
Spanish than any other “Beaumont and Fletcher” play, 
and that the verse is quite unlike Fletcher’s and like 
Massinger’s, while the characters are the latter’s. Chelli 
takes it to be a play of Beaumont’s, revised by Mas- 
singer. Sykes awards it to Massinger, Webster, and Dek- 
ker. Wells, who calls it “a very knotty problem,” writes: 
“T am sure that Fletcher is in the play, but not quite 
convinced of Beaumont’s presence. A more reasonable 
arrangement” than Sykes’ “seems to me to be a partner- 
ship between Fletcher, Massinger, and Field; IV seems 
to be entirely Massinger’s; therefore I conclude that he 
was either one of the original authors or an original 
partner with Fletcher in an alteration of a still older 
play (circa 1604), which might have been by Dekker 
and Webster.” In a later letter, however, he speaks of 
it as by Massinger and Field, with a “suspicion” of 


418 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


I was not prepared to abandon them. I failed to under- 
stand how, if it was a post-Fletcher play, it had found 
its way into the first folio, and how the prologue’s defi- 
nite attribution of it was to be accounted for. So, writing 
in “Modern Philology,” January, 1911, I argued: “Is 
it not possible that Massinger incorporated in his version 
of the Spanish play some scenes out of an early play 
by Beaumont? I do not know the Spanish play, or how 
much of the English comedy is derived from it, and so 
this suggestion may be utterly opposed to the facts of 
the case; but I shall be surprised to learn that the 
Spanish original shows any sign of the humours of 
Lazarillo (a distinctly Beaumontesque character) or 
more than a little of the contents of Act III. If it do, I 
shall not be ashamed to confess myself mistaken.” That 
my attitude was not without justification seems to be 
shown by the fact that I am now given to understand 
that Guillen de Castro’s drama is not the source: the 
story is the same, but the treatment is very different. 
Let us next consider the arguments for an early date. 
Fleay proposed 1608; myself, 1606; and Thorndike, 
the same or perhaps even a trifle earlier. Allusions to 
the famous Don Diego and to The Honest Whore “fit 
in with a very early date for the original,” as Fleay 
says; but of much more importance is the reference to 
the fasting maid of Confalens in II. 1, if she is rightly 
to be identified with the “miraculous maid” mentioned 
there. “The Faste of a Maide of Confolens” was pub- 
lished in 1604; and I do not think it likely that the 
reference to it would date later than 1605. Moreover, 
as Thorndike has pointed out, “Grave Maurice” would 
not have been so described after 1609. Still more signifi- 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 419 


cant is the fact that the various statements (in I. 1, 2, 3, 
and V. 3) as to the duration of Alvarez’? exile are more 
precise even than he says, giving us definitely a date of 
1605. This may be arrived at thus: Alvarez had under- 
gone a sixteen years’ pilgrimage before his arrival at 
Ostend, then being besieged by the Archduke Albert, 
and another four years passed before his return home. 
The siege lasted from June, 1601, to August, 1604; 
and at the latest Alvarez must have returned very soon 
after the termination of the siege. The four years may 
be taken then as stretching from 1601 to 1605, making 
the latter the date of the first version of the play. It 
may of course be that the passages in question are practi- 
cally translations from the Spanish, in which case my 
whole argument goes by the board. It is also to be ad- 
mitted that the opening scene, on which the argument 
is mainly based, is from the pen of Massinger, dating 
almost certainly from a time subsequent to Fletcher’s 
death; but that means only that he rewrote the scene 
without altering the dating. The dating is, in fact, quite 
unusually consistent throughout, save that in an early 
portion of I. 1 Massinger is responsible for the state- 
ment that Alvarez’ banishment dated from the time of 
the siege of Ostend. When he wrote that passage he 
apparently misunderstood the original writer’s time- 
scheme, which he came afterwards to comprehend more 
thoroughly. 

That the play is of two dates is tolerably plain. Part 
of II. 2 must have been written after 1622; the mute- 
ness of Stephano on his only appearance may be a re- 
sult of revision; and the use of French in III. 2 (though 
the scene is laid in Spain) may point in the same direc- 


420 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


tion. Moreover the two final speeches of the play seem 
to afford two several endings, the original play having 
probably concluded with the words “as some do nowa- 
days.” It may be noted, too, that in IV. 3 we have the 
English “Assistant,” and in V.3 the Spanish “Assis- 
tente.” In I. 2 Bobadilla is addressed as “Zancho,” as 
also in III. 4, IV. 3, and V.3, while in II.2 he is 
addressed once as “Zancho,” twice as “Bobadilla,” once 
as “Spindle,” and once as “Bob.” He speaks of himself 
as “Bobadilla Spindola Zancho” (as in V. 3), and is 
referred to once as “Zancho Bobadilla,” and once as 
“Zancho.” The significance of this is not clear; but with- 
out it there is plenty of evidence of double dating, im- 
plying revision. Another token of the play’s having 
been rewritten is afforded by its double title. The plays 
to which double titles are given in either folio are The 
Woman’s Prize, Rollo, Love’s Cure, Philaster, The 
Night-walker, and The Nice Valour; and there is not 
one of these that is to be considered as wholly of one 
date. Others boasting double titles are The Humorous 
Lieutenant, Monsieur Thomas, the lost Devil of Dow- 
gate, The Lovers Progress, Henry VIII, A Very 
Woman, The Birth of Merlin, and Double Falsehood; 
and, of these, omitting The Devil of Dowgate (of 
which we know nothing), the only one that seems to be 
an exception to the rule that an alternative title implies 
revision is The Humorous Lieutenant. “Demetrius and 
Enanthe” may have been the author’s name for this 
play, which may have received the popular sobriquet 
of “The Humorous Lieutenant,” as Cooke’s City Gal- 
lant became known as “Green’s Tu Quoque”; but yet 
another name for it was “The Noble Enemies.” It is 


Remaiming Beaumont Plays 421 


to be noted that Love’s Cure appears in the King’s men’s 
list of 1641 only under the name of “The Martial 
Maid,” which is the title it was given in the Stationers’ 
Register entry of September 4, 1646. In fact, the argu- 
ments for double dating seem to me incontrovertible, 
though Chambers pronounces those advanced by Fleay 
and Thorndike for an early date “trivial.” For any one 
who looks at the facts without prejudice, there can, I 
think, be no question of the original earliness of Love’s 
Cure. 

My former view was that the play had been first 
written by Beaumont, that it contained an insignificant 
fragment of Fletcher, and that it had been subjected 
to a late rewriting by Massinger. It is in accord with the 
uncertainty that almost every one feels about it that I 
have been very wavering in my impression and have 
never been able to arrive at any conclusion that really 
satisfied me. The one man of whose presence, on internal 
evidence, I feel quite certain is Massinger. That he was 
a late rewriter I feel no doubt: that is shown, I think, in 
II. 2 and V. 3. For the non-Massingerian portions I 
have hesitated between Beaumont, Fletcher, Jonson, 
and another, and have noticed slight indications of the 
presence of Middleton, Dekker, Field, Webster, and 
Shirley, while in II. 2 and III. 4 I am now and then 
reminded of that scene in Stwkeley which I once claimed 
for Fletcher. This is not the only play in which slight 
hints of this sort occur—sufficient to make me wonder 
whether I am justified in abandoning my original idea 
in regard to that play. But, besides the presence of 
Massinger in Love’s Cure, there is another thing I feel 
tolerably sure of: that is, the presence of some one other 


422 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


than any of the playwrights I have named. The opening 
portion of V. 3 seems to me to come from the workshop 
of none of them. 

Of the eight men I have mentioned as possible par- 
ticipants, Middleton may be summarily dismissed: there 
are one or two odd lines in III. 3 that raise the thought 
of him, as does the mention of the indefinite term of 
seven years in both III. 4 and V. 3. Shirley suggested 
himself to me mainly’ by reason of a strange expression 
used in the final scene, where Genevora demands “‘Your 
hearing for six words,” and Eugenia, a few lines fur- 
ther on, employs precisely the same phrase; but, 
though in Shirley’s Royal Master, III. 3, we have “Tell 
me in six words of sense,” and, in his Duke’s Mistress, 
“Convince thy madness in six words,” the verse here has 
but little resemblance to his style. In Massinger’s Par- 
liament of Love, II. 1, we have 


“Pll not venture 
To change six words with her’’; 


but, though Massinger’s hand is evident immediately 
afterwards, I do not think the two uses of the expression 
in Love’s Cure are due to him. If my thoughts have 
turned to Field, it is because of slight connections with 
The Faithful Friends; and we must not overlook the 
many resemblances of his style to Beaumont’s; but, 
nevertheless, I do not fancy we have to do with Field 
here. 

That leaves us with five writers to be considered; 

1 The line 


“Kings nor authority can master Fate” (V. 3) 
also of course recalls him. 


Remaiming Beaumont Plays Ae3 


and I may reduce the number to four by omitting 
Fletcher. I do so reluctantly; but the likenesses to his 
work are few in number and not very convincing. In my 
“E. S.” article I credited him with that portion of III. 4 
succeeding Alvarez’ entry,’ declaring that it was diffi- 
cult to think of such a line as 


“The devil’s in her o’ the other side sure!” 


as coming from any one but Fletcher. That is true; 
but it is insufficient for the erection of a theory of 
Fletcher’s participation. 

Regarding Webster and Dekker I must give very 
careful consideration to an unpublished article on the 
play by Mr. Dugdale Sykes, with which that indefati- 
gable investigator has been good enough to furnish me. 
This gives I to Massinger; II, to Webster and Dek- 
ker; III. 1-4, to Webster; III. 5, to Dekker; IV and 
V. 1-2, to Massinger and Webster; and V. 3, to Web- 
ster. “This represents the substantial authorship of the 
different parts of the play,” Mr. Sykes explains; “but 
does not exclude occasional touches by one or other of 
the colleagues in a scene substantially the work of his 
partner or partners; e.g., there is a slight trace of Mas- 
singer in IJ. 2, and of Dekker in V. 3.” Mr. Sykes 
gives as “the more obvious marks” of Webster: (1) 
Clara’s loss of the thread of her thoughts in II. 2, which 
is paralleled in The Devil’s Law-case, I. 2; (2) a bor- 
rowing from “Arcadia” in III. 3, such borrowings be- 


2 The rest of the play I divided as follows: 

B—II. 1, 2a, c, III. 1, 3 (with perhaps traces of Fl in the latter 
part), 4a, 5, V.3 (altered by M) 

M—I. 1, 2b, 3, IV, V.1, 2 

B and M—I. 2a, II. 2b (from Alvarez? entry to his exit), III. 2 


424 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ing frequent with Webster; (3) in the same scene, the 
use of “pistol” as a verb, as in The White Devil, III. 2; 
(4) the Websterian use of “right” in the final scene; 
(5) the use, in the same scene, as a simile, of “a dog 
with a bottle at’s tail,” as in The White Devil, IV. 4; 
(6) the resemblance between the sentencing of the 
wrongdoers in the final scene and the winding-up of 
The Devil’s Law-case. 1 have named the most signifi- 
cant of a dozen reasons advanced by Mr. Sykes; and I 
must confess that not even the strongest of them seems 
to me sufficient to outweigh the fact that the style is 
nowhere Webster’s. 

For Dekker it seems to me that Mr. Sykes makes 
out a better case, but scarcely a convincing one. He finds 
in II. 1, not without reason, “the solemn hortatory style 
of Dekker’s prose tracts.” He points out that “the par- 
enthetical gloss in ‘gird thy bear’s skin (viz., thy rug- 
gown) to thy loins’ may be illustrated from almost any 
work of Dekker’s; but, though it is common enough in 
Dekker, there is but one instance of it here, and the 
habit is not so rare that much importance is to be at- 
tached to it. There are “puns and metaphors” dealing 
with “the gentle craft,” in accordance with the habit of 
Dekker; but I doubt if the habit was peculiar to him, 
and it seems to me that the introduction of a cobbler and 
the use made of him made the puns almost inevitable. In 
III. 5 we have one of Dekker’s favorite allusions to 
water-spaniels and ducks. Now, these are, as I have 
said, much stronger arguments than those advanced in 
the case of Webster; nor do I find the style so defi- 
nitely opposed to Dekker’s participation as it is to Web- 
ster’s; yet, though, after reading Mr. Sykes’ paper, I 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 425 


went to a reperusal of Love’s Cure predisposed to the 
acceptance of that part of his theory, I did not find 
that the work impressed me as Dekker’s. The manner 
of III. 5 does not seem to me his, and the railing in 
II. 1 is much more like Webster than Dekker. Mr. 
Sykes thinks the knowledge of Spanish shown points to 
Dekker; and he remarks that in Match me in London 
he has a Lazarillo and a Pacheco, as here—to which I 
may reply that The Woman-hater, in which Beaumont 
was concerned, has a Lucio and a Lazarillo, as here, 
and that moreover the one Lazarillo, like the other, is 
starving. If from such a circumstance any inference of 
Dekker’s connection with this play is to be drawn, surely 
a stronger one is to be drawn for Beaumont’s connection 
with it, especially as there is in his case, as there is not 
in Dekker’s, the support of external evidence. 

We are left then with two yet to consider—the two 
who, to my thinking, have the strongest claims. Much of 
the play is in the manner of Jonson; and the problem 
has, to me, resolved itself into this: Is the hand that of 
Jonson himself? or is it that of Beaumont, writing under 
the influence of Jonson, as he did in his younger days? 
or, which is less likely than either of the other alterna- 
tives, have we both? As I have previously remarked, I 
never take kindly to theories of imitation; but in one 
or two specific cases—as, for example, in the case of the 
relation of Beaumont to Jonson, and in that of Field 
to Beaumont—it is not to be overlooked; but the imi- 
tation of Jonson by Beaumont was never so close as was 
that of himself by Field; and parts of this play seem 
to me so markedly in the Jonsonian manner that I feel I 
must accord them to Jonson himself. But, while such a 


426 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


scene as III. 1 appears to me to bear clearly the stamp of 
Jonson, I cannot see him as the author of the opening 
portion of III. 4, which I believe to be Beaumont’s. My 
division of the play, put forward without undue confi- 
dence, is: 
B—II. 1, 2e, III. 3 (?), 4a (to Alvarez’ entry), 5, V. 3c 
J—Il. 2a, c, III. 1, 2 
M—I, Il. 2b (four speeches following Alvarez’ entry), d (three 
speeches following Alvarez’ exit), IV. 1-V. 2, 3b (from Boba- 
dilla’s entry above to Eugenia’s entry below) 


4th author—V. 3a, d (last speech) 
B and M—III. 4b (?) 


This division is made solely on style; but, when I come 
to consider dates, I see no reason to alter it. On my 
interpretation, the allusion to the Russian ambassador 
in II. 2 comes from Jonson, whose work must therefore 
have been revisory, and almost certainly of the year 
1622, since the reference is to “the last great frost”; 
and, as Massinger is seen interpolating in the same 
scene, the latter’s work must have been done for a later 
revival. The reference to the “miraculous maid” comes 
from Beaumont. The allusion to “Grave Maurice” is 
Massinger’s; but I cannot regard his work as so early 
as that would imply: he may have adopted the title 
from the original work on which he built. There is, by 
the way, a line in III. 1 that may afford a date-indica- 
tion, though I am not aware what it is: 


“A fertile island of my own, 
Which I will offer, like an Indian queen.” 


We may note the use of “party” and “parties,” as 
in Wit at several Weapons. We have, too, Fletcher’s 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 42,7 


objective “ye” in II. 2, 4, III. 4, and V. 3. A touch of 
Beaumont’s burlesque (Sykes considers it Massinger’s) 
is to be seen in II. 2. Massinger’s interpolatory work is 
seen in II. 2. He has caused Bobadilla to reénter twice. 
On the first occasion we not only have his characteristic 
“We wash an Ethiop,” but also 


“T will rectify 
And redeem either’s proper inclination, 
Or bray ’em in a mortar and new-mould ’em,” 


which he has in essence repeated in IV. 3: 


“I will beat thee dead, 
Then bray thee in a mortar and new-mold thee, 
But I will alter thee’’; 


while III. 4 has a similar passage, which is presumably 
his: 
“T will break thee bone by bone and bake thee, ere I will ha’ such 
a wooden son to inherit.” 


It is, however, against the attribution of these passages 
to Massinger that we have in II. 1 of The False One (a 
Fletcher scene) 


“1?l] beat him and his agents in a mortar 
Into one man; and that one man I’]I bake then.” 


That certainly points to the presence of Fletcher in 
this play; but, in the absence of stylistic signs of him, 
I prefer to consider it as a Fletcherian sentiment which 
had taken the fancy of Massinger; but I may be entirely 
wrong, and the statement in the prologue as to Fletcher’s 
participation renders it probable that I am. It does not 
do to be too confident about so difficult a play as this. 
As I remarked in “E. S.,” Bobadilla’s “Your lady- 


428 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ship, not acquainted with my wisdom” (V. 2) is almost 
sufficient in itself to brand him as one of Massinger’s 
clowns, for they generally make a ridiculous affectation 
of wisdom. 

Macaulay awarded Massinger “probably” I, IV, and 
V. 1-2, and held that no scene could be attributed to 
Fletcher. In this allotment to Massinger, Macaulay was 
following Boyle, who made the extraordinary observa- 
tion, “Whoever was the second author, he took the lead 
in the play, altering scenes that Massinger had written.” 
To this second author, who, according to his latest ver- 
dict, was not Fletcher, he credited all the rest of the 
play, though he declared that there were traces of two 
_ hands in the prose of II. Whether he meant the col- 
league of the “second author” in this scene to be Mas- 
singer or not is not quite clear. If not, he had three 
authors, not merely two. Alden gave Beaumont II. 1 
and 2 and III. 5, and, at least in part, III. 3 and V. 3. 
This comes very close to my Beaumont allotment. 
Wells, except for his “suspicion of Fletcher,” divides 
the play: Massinger, I. 1, 3, IV, V. 1-2; Field, I. 2, II, 
Ta VAR: 

The epilogue, which speaks of a single author, I 
believe to be from the pen of Beaumont. It shows his 
characteristic contempt for the audience. Listen to it: 

“Our author fears there are some rebel hearts, 
Whose dulness doth oppose Love’s piercing darts. 
Such will be apt to say there wanted wit, 

The language low, very few scenes are writ 
With spirit and life. Such odd things as these 
He cares not for, nor ever means to please; 
For, if yourselves, a mistress, or Love’s friends 


Are lik’d with this smooth play, he hath his ends.” 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 429 


To regard that, as so many do, as an epilogue penned 
by a reviser of the play seems to me absurd: the voice is 
the voice of the original author, proud of his accom- 
plishment; nor is it to be supposed that a company’s 
“Poet,” engaged in dishing up the play anew, would 
be likely to go out of his way to defy the audience. If 
he did, it would be in accordance with Massinger’s cus- 
tomary way, saying that the play was by an author re- 
puted good, protesting his own modesty, but declaring 
that the work was not lightly to be decried. Both from 
its style and from its tone, I have no doubt whatever 
that this epilogue was Beaumont’s. It reminds us that 
Jonson told Drummond that Beaumont “loved too 
much himself and his own verses.” 

Even if the evidence for an early date were not so 
strong as it is, I should be unable to understand any 
scholar’s assuming a late date. Massinger’s revisory work 
cannot have been done later than the ’thirties; and it 
is not likely that a prologue spoken then (and it bears 
every mark of being Massinger’s) would speak of a 
play as being partly Beaumont’s if it was first pro- 
duced in the ’twenties. That it is not late work of 
Fletcher’s is evident: if it had been, his contribution 
would hardly have been utterly removed. The epilogue 
shows there was but one author originally; and I be- 
lieve that that author was Beaumont. If so, and if 
Lazarillo was his creation, it must have preceded The 
Woman-hater, for it is easier to suppose the ravenous 
glutton of this play a first sketch of the great mock- 
heroic character of The Woman-hater than to regard 
him as a weak copy. Having created this character, 
Beaumont may have seen how admirably it lent itself to 


430 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


purposes of burlesque. That, having first designed his 
burlesque hero, he should have imitated him under the 
same name, with an elimination of most of the mock- 
heroic element, is to me inconceivable. The roguery of 
the constable is also reminiscent of the conduct of the 
intelligencers in The W oman-hater. 

Attention may also be directed to the extraordinary 
frequency with which the titles “sir” and “signor” are 
used in the opening part of III. 2. Out of 38 speeches, 
only 16 are without one or other word, “sir” appearing 
18 times, and “signor” 6 times. There is only one speech 
in which both modes of address occur. The circum- 
stance may or may not be of importance; but assuredly 
it is worthy of notice at least, for one never knows when 
such apparent trivialities may not prove to have some 
bearing on questions of authorship. Yet another trivi- 
ality that must not be passed by without remark is the 
fondness shown for the use of the word “now.” In IV. 2 
we have it twice in a couple of lines: 


“You know the voice, and now crouch like a cur 


Ta’en worrying sheep. I now could have you gelded.” 


Mr. Baldwin Maxwell, in “Philological Quarterly,” 
vol. 5, no. 4, urges that the thin and hungry knave parts 
in the “Beaumont and Fletcher” plays were written for 
John Shanck. This actor was with the Palsgrave’s men 
in January, 1612-3, and with King’s on March 27, 1619. 
As he was not with the Palsgrave’s when they leased the 
Fortune on October 31, 1618, it seems likely that he 
joined the King’s some time between 1612 and the end 
of October 1618. He was with the King’s till 1631, and 
died January, 1635-6. He was always an actor of small 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 431 


parts, and, though in the company’s patent of 1619, is 
not named in the cast of any play till 1622, a sufficient 
indication that his parts were unimportant. Mr. Max- 
well shows reason for thinking that his connection with 
the King’s men began prior to the production of The 
Queen of Corinth, which I date early in 1616. I am 
quite prepared to accept the suggestion that he played in 
The Lovers Progress, The Queen of Corinth, and 
Women Pleased, as well as in The Prophetess; but I 
cannot agree to the probability of his having played the 
part of Judas in Bonduca, which I have shown reason 
to date 1611. If he acted Lazarillo in Love’s Cure, my 
idea of Beaumont’s authorship of II. 1 in the version 
for Paul’s prior to 1605-6 must go by the board, as also 
my theory of Jonson’s participation in II. 2 in the ver- 
sion written for Elizabeth’s in 1622, unless I am to 
attribute the allusion to Lazarillo’s thinness to Massin- 
ger for the latest version. I do not, however, see any 
good reason to alter my allotment. I do not agree with 
Mr. Maxwell in thinking that the principal part in Mon- 
sieur Thomas was written for Taylor, or the part of the 
Soldier in The Nice Valour for Lowin; and I hold that, 
if the part of Aubrey in The Bloody Brother was de- 
signed for Lowin, it must have been for the very latest 
version. 

To summarize, I regard Love’s Cure as originally 
written by Beaumont for the Paul’s boys not later than 
1605, revised by Jonson and another in 1622 for the 
Lady Elizabeth’s, and revised once again, this time by 
Massinger, when it came into the hands of the King’s 
men, probably about the same time as Love’s Pil grim- 
age and others. Herbert, apparently forgetting the inci- 


432 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher. 


dent of February, 1624-5, in connection with Te Hon- 
est Mans Fortune, tells us that The Loyal Subject in 
November, 1633, was the first “ould play” sent him for 
perusal by the King’s men. The revision of Love’s 
Cure was then probably prior to that date, since he 
records no payment for it. I must point out in opposi- 
tion to my ascription of revisory work to Jonson in 1622 
that that was the time during which he did no original 
dramatic work; but I see no reason why he should not 
have turned an honest penny by revision of an old play 
if the work was offered to him. 


51. Love’s Pilgrimage. 


This, like Love’s Cure, is the subject of very widely 
differing views. Fleay regarded it as originally by 
Fletcher and Jonson, altered later by Shirley; but subse- 
quently he changed his opinion, declaring that Fletcher 
wrote the first three acts, and another (probably Web- 
ster) the remaining two, Jonson altering the play in 
1635 by transferring to it some matter from The New 
Inn. (In an earlier attempt Fleay had given Shirley 
IV and V, and Fletcher the rest.) Boyle divided it 
among the three authors named, giving I. 1 to Jonson; 
I. 2, II. 2-4, III, and IV. 2 to Fletcher; and the rest 
to Shirley. Bullen regarded it as almost entirely 
Fletcher’s. Macaulay considered that Fletcher appeared 
most markedly in I. 2, II, III, but that the play had 
been altered in 1635, perhaps by Shirley. Cruickshank 
thinks it very characteristic work of Beaumont and 
Fletcher. Chelli denies the presence of Massinger. 
Wells once regarded it as by Beaumont and Fletcher, 
and perhaps Jonson, revised by Ford; but his latest 


Remaiming Beaumont Plays 433 


view cuts out Jonson, and does not name the reviser, 
so that he is apparently doubtful as to that writer’s 
identity with Ford, or may even have abandoned alto- 
gether the idea of his participation in the play. My own 
original view was that it was by Beaumont and Fletcher, 
altered by Massinger and Jonson." 

It will be noticed that more than one investigator 
has named Shirley. This is the outcome of an erroneous 
assumption on the part of Malone and a misinterpreta- 
tion by both Dyce and Fleay of what he said. Malone’s 
statement is to the effect that Shirley revised “some of 
those pieces which were left imperfect” by Fletcher, 
giving as authority for his assertion Sir Henry Her- 
bert’s Office-book, though the only proof he gives is a 
quotation of Herbert’s entry relative to The Night- 
walker. Solely, so far as can be judged, on the strength 
of this one entry, he goes on to state, as if it were an 
ascertained fact, that Shirley, “finding The New Inn 
unsuccessful, took the liberty to borrow a scene from 
it, which he inserted in Love’s Pilgrimage.” For this 
assumption there is no warrant whatever: Herbert’s 
entry regarding this play, as given by both Weber and 
Malone, names no authors, and merely states that he 
received from the King’s men £1 “for the renewing of 
Love’s Pilgrimage, the 16th of September, 1635.” 


1 My division (allowing for the fact that I now make two scenes of 
my then V. 4) was: 

FI—I. 1b (final dialogue), 2, Il. 2, 4, II 

B—IV. 1b (from Marcantonio’s exit to Governor’s entry), V. 1a, 4b 

(from Sancho’s entry), 5, 6b 

B and FI—II. 1 

Fl and M—II. 3 

B and M—IV. 1a, c, 2, 3, V. 1b, 2, 3, 4a, 6a (to Eugenia’s entry) 

J—I. 1a 


434 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Misled at first, as others had been, I searched the 
play diligently for signs of Shirley, but unavailingly. 
This disconcerted me, as I never like flying in the face 
of external evidence there is reason to believe trust- 
worthy; but then it occurred to me that it could not be 
trustworthy, since at the time to which it refers Shirley 
was writing for the Cockpit company, and the King’s 
men’s poets were Massinger and D/avenant, while 
others who had been writing for them within the year 
or two preceding were Jonson, Richard Brome, Arthur 
Wilson, and Glapthorne. Any one of these might have 
been concerned in the work of revision, if there was 
revision; but Massinger is unquestionably the likeliest 
of all, since this sort of work seems to have been gen- 
erally handed over to him. 

Love’s Pilgrimage was not licensed by Herbert, and 
therefore, in its original form, dates from prior to May, 
1622. As it has no list of actors attached in the second 
folio, it was almost certainly written for another com- 
pany than the King’s, into whose hands it passed some 
time before September, 1635. In December, 1636, they 
acted it at Court. It figures in the King’s men’s list of 
1641 as “Lovers’ Pilgrimage.” As it appears under this 
title also in the Stationers’ Register entry of Septem- 
ber 4, 1646, it was presumably at one time so named. 
The prologue (which seems to be Fletcher’s) ascribes it 
to more than a single author, and should be the original 
one, since it speaks of the play as new. 

The play is founded on one of the “Novelas Ejem- 
plares,” not allowed for publication in Spain till August, 
1613. So far as Fletcher is concerned that seems to be 
too early a date for him, since, much as he used the 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 435 


Spanish novelas, he does not appear ever to have used 
an untranslated work. (We must not forget in this con- 
nection, however, the relation of The Knight of the 
Burning Pestle to “Don Quixote.”) It has been sug- 
gested that this play is identical with the Cardenio of 
1613; but that is quite out of the question. There would 
be more reason to attempt to identify it with Fletcher’s 
Wandering Lovers of 1623, though that seems to me 
to be almost certainly an early version of The Lovers 
Progress; nor would its sole authorship coincide with 
the statement of the prologue to this play. The au- 
thors may have worked on the French translation of 
their source, which appeared in 16153; but nevertheless 
Lawrence dates the play 1614. 

I consider the signs of Massinger too slight to have 
warranted my former judgment, and the lines most like 
him (in V. 1 and V. 6a) are not necessarily his. I there- 
fore divide the play between Beaumont, Fletcher, and 
Jonson, my division being: 

FI—1, 1b, 2, II, Ill 

B—IV, V 

J—I. 1a (to “Exeunt all except Diego’) 


The latter part of I. 2 (from Pedro’s entry) I have 
given to Fletcher mainly because the remainder of the 
scene is his. The latter part of V. 1, V. 3, and V. 6 are 
not particularly like Beaumont, but are not impossibly 
his, so that I see no need to drag in an unknown fourth 
author. That Beaumont is present I feel certain. If the 
date of the play be 1615, it may be held to be too late 
for him; but no one can say positively that he gave up 
playwriting on his marriage. Indeed, The Scornful 


436 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Lady offers proof to the contrary. The two following 
passages seem to me eloquent of him: 


“Alas! will he not leave 
This trying all?——Madam, I do beseech you, 
Let me but speak to him, you and these by, 
And I dare almost promise you to make him 
Shew himself truly sorrowful to you. 
Besides, a story I shall open to you, 
Not put in such good words, but in itself 
So full of chance, that you will easily 
Forgive my tediousness, and be well pleased 
With that so much afflicts me.” 
(IV. 3.) 
“When I make jests of oaths again, or make 
My lust play with religion; when I leave 
To keep true joys for her, and yet within 
Myself true sorrow for my passed deeds; 
May I want grace when I would fain repent, 
And find a great and sudden punishment!” 


(WacaL 
The tone and the characterization alike of the scenes I 
have allotted to Beaumont are his. Theodosia especially 
is a very Beaumontesque figure; but it is to be remem- 
bered that his imitator Field could also write in this vein. 
The attack on women in IV. 1 points to Field; but the 
verse-tests tell rather of Beaumont. The oaths through- 
out are Field’s, but are not used with his frequency, 
though they are more frequent than in The Queen of 
Corinth. The fact, too, that II. 4 is, though Fletcherian 
in execution, Beaumontian in idea tends in the direction 
of admitting Beaumont’s participation. It may be noted, 
moreover, that the experiences of Incubo in I.1 in 


* Four of eight verse-tests I have applied suit Beaumont; three suit 
Field. 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 437 


being continually disappointed of his dinner are remi- 
niscent of the experiences of Lazarillo in The Woman- 
hater. The character might indeed belong to Beau- 
mont’s gallery; and it may be that Jonson’s work is 
only a rewriting of earlier work by Beaumont. The 
scrambled nature of the conclusion of the play may be 
due to abridgment. 

There remains to be considered the very puzzling 
question of The New Inn contacts. Langbaine says that 
“a scene in Fletcher’s Love’s Pilgrimage” (the attribu- 
tion may be noted) “was stollen from” The New Inn; 
but he is to be regarded as an authority in regard to 
neither the authorship nor the theft. Having an eye to 
the date of The New Inn, which was produced more 
than three years after Fletcher had “shuffled off this 
mortal coil,” that writer is hardly to be branded, as 
Langbaine evidently desired to brand him, as the cul- 
prit. The few modern critics who have dealt with the 
subject have followed Langbaine’s lead, considering 
that The New Inn was pillaged for the revival of 
Love's Pilgrimage in 1635. Dr. G. B. Tennant, in his 
edition of The New Inn treats myself as the only scholar 
who holds to the contrary; and he is right,” for, though 
Fleay, who dated Love’s Pilgrimage 1612, considered 
that Jonson was the borrower, and that, in taking from 
the earlier play, he was merely reclaiming matter he 
had contributed to it, he later came round to my view 
that it was Fletcher’s work that Jonson lifted, and later 
still accepted the orthodox view of the originality of 

8So far as publication is concerned; but Mr. Charles Crawford 


writes me: “Ben Jonson’s actual presence in Love’s Pilgrimage is a cer- 
tainty, for he has rewritten parts of I.2 of it in his New Inn, III. 1.” 


438 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


The New Inn. Dr. Tennant thinks that the position of 
the scene in the forefront of Love’s Pilgrimage “lends 
itself to the argument that it represents insertions to 
supply the pages most easily lost.” There might be 
something in the argument if the part in question ac- 
tually opened the play, but it does not; and there was 
no more likelihood of the pages containing the closing 
dialogue of I.1 getting lost than of any other. Dr. 
Tennant’s arguments seem to me very weak; and I find 
nothing in what he has advanced to cause me to modify 
my theory. He seems to think it an answer to my claim 
that the following seven lines are Fletcher’s— 


“Every poor jade has his whole peck, and tumbles 
Up to his ears in clean straw; and every bottle 
Shews at the least a dozen; when the truth is, sir, 
There’s no such matter, not a smell of provender, 
Not so much straw as would tie up a horse-tail, 
Nor anything i’ th’ rack but two old cobwebs 
And so much rotten hay as had been a hen’s nest” — 


to point out that the first three do not occur in The 
New Inn. What difference that can make I fail to per- 
ceive. If the whole passage be obviously Fletcher’s, and 
four lines from it appear also in a play of Jonson’s, the 
natural inference is that Jonson stole them. The one 
good point brought against the originality of the Love’s 
Pilgrimage dialogue about the horses is that it leads no- 
where. As against that, we have to note that in III. 1 of 
The New Inn the bits not also in Love’s Pilgrimage are 
not Fletcher-like, as the rest is. Are we to suppose that 
the reviser of Love’s Pilgrimage stole from The New 
Inn only so much of it as was in the manner of Fletcher? 
Is it not infinitely more reasonable to consider that the 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 439 


borrowing was the other way, and that in The New Inn 
additions were made to what was taken? 

I have not, however, explicitly stated the position. 
It is this: about a dozen lines in I. 1a are identical or 
almost identical with lines in II. 2 of Jonson’s New Inn, 
acted by the King’s men in January, 1629, and printed 
in 1631; while I. 1b is almost a duplicate of much of 
III. 1 of the same play, twenty-four out of seventy- 
four lines (omitting the first one and the last five) be- 
ing absolutely identical with lines in the Jonson play, 
while only six are altogether peculiar to Love’s Pilgrim- 
age. If my apportionment be right, I. 1a is Jonson’s, 
and I. 1b, Fletcher’s. I do not pretend to be able to 
account satisfactorily for what happened; but my 
“KE. S.” suggestion seems to me not unreasonable, that 
Jonson commenced a revision of Love’s Pilgrimage 
(probably about the time of Fletcher’s death, and for 
another company than the King’s), gave it up, and, 
when he commenced The New Inn, took a few of his 
own lines from the earlier play, and also lifted, with 
some alterations, the only piece of Fletcher’s work he 
had left in the only scene he had meddled with. I do 
not fancy that any other explanation has been put for- 
ward that satisfies so many of the conditions. 


52. The Nice Valour. 


This play, though in the first folio, was one of the 
few not entered in the Stationers’ Register till June 29, 
1660. It has been suggested that it is probably identical 
with “The Bridegroom and the Madman” in the King’s 
list of 1641; but it is to be noted that no one of the 


440 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


four “Beaumont and Fletcher” plays accompanying it 
in the Stationers’ Register figures in that list. It is fur- 
ther to be noted that, of the twenty-nine plays appearing 
both in the list of ’41 and the Stationers’ Register entry 
of ’46, the names of all are the same, save that in the 
latter we have “The Knights of Malta,” instead of 
“The Knight of Malta,” and that only one of two alter- 
native titles of The Humorous Lieutenant is given in 
the former. In both, Love’s Pilgrimage is given as 
“Lovers’ Pilgrimage,” and Love’s Cure as “The Mar- 
tial Maid.” Robinson and Moseley have obviously taken 
the names on the King’s company’s playhouse copies; 
and they are not at all likely to have made an exception 
in the case of The Nice Valour when it came into their 
hands later, especially in view of the fact that they 
printed it with the alternative title of “The Passionate 
Mad-man.” As, moreover, the title “The Bridegroom 
and the Madman” would not be particularly suitable to 
this play, I gravely doubt the suggested identification. 
We have, indeed, to consider whether The Nice Valour 
was ever acted by the King’s men, or whether it stands, 
with Wit at several Weapons and Four Plays in One, as 
a play which cannot be associated with any particular 
company. 

Save for its entry in the Stationers’ Register as Beau- 
mont and Fletcher’s, its similar listing by Archer, and 
its inclusion in the folios, there is no external evidence 
as to the authorship of The Nice Valour. The epilogue, 
which is obviously the original one, speaks of a single 
poet, and exhibits that proud independence of his audi- 
ence which was characteristic of Beaumont. The pro- 
logue, a revival one, also speaks of “our poet,” and 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 441 


speaks of him in the past. It seems to refer to Fletcher,' 
and may be by Massinger. It was not necessarily writ- 
ten for a revival at which there was any rewriting; and, 
indeed, the play itself shows no sign of Massinger’s 
handling. That there has, however, been revision is evi- 
dent. In this connection, I do not know if it has ever 
been pointed out that The Nice Valour is the shortest 
of all the “Beaumont and Fletcher” plays. It covers only 
some 17% pages of Darley’s edition, being about three- 
quarters the average length. The next shortest are The 
Laws of Candy (less than 19 pages) and The Sea-voy- 
age (less than 20), while the longest are The Loyal 
Subject (over 30) and The Humorous Lieutenant 
(nearly 30). One may assume that there has been no 
abbreviation of the two last-named, but that they re- 
main as originally written, while the other three have 
suffered much curtailment, unless we are to presume 
that they are mere first drafts, which for some reason 
or other never reached the intended final form. It tells, 
I think, in favor of the latter theory in the case of The 
Nice Valour that some of the leading characters are 
nameless. There are in several plays leading characters 
called by their trades or professions (e.g., the hero of 
The Humorous Lieutenant); but the Daughter and 
Wooer of The Two Noble Kinsmen, the Lady and 
Widow of The Scornful Lady, the Sullen Shepherd and 
Old Shepherd of The Faithful Shepherdess, the Father 
of The Captain, the elder of the two Daughters of Bon- 
duca, the Citizen and his Wife of The Knight of the 

1 Compare the praise of his modesty with the reference to Fletcher’s 


‘Gnnate modesty” in Lowin and Taylor’s dedication to The Wild-goose 
Chase. 


442 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Burning Pestle, the Gentleman, Lady, Wife, and Love 
of The Noble Gentleman, the Mother of The Coxcomb, 
the Niece of Wit at several Weapons, the Lady and Mis- 
tress of The Night-walker, and in this play the Lady, 
Wife, Passionate Lord, Soldier, and first and second 
Brothers, besides the Lady disguised as Cupid, stand 
on a somewhat different footing. I do not assert it posi- 
tively, but I firmly believe that every one of these plays 
dates back to days prior to the death of Beaumont. 
Later, Fletcher seems to have realized the necessity of 
naming all his principal characters. Let it be further 
noted that in four of the eleven plays so distinguished 
(Wit at several Weapons, The Scornful Lady, The No- 
ble Gentleman, and The Nice Valour) the actual hero- 
ine is unnamed. It is my belief that Beaumont was con- 
cerned in every one of these four plays, and that the 
two of them in which the namelessness is most marked 
(The Nice Valour and The Noble Gentleman) were 
given to the world after Fletcher’s death (but in one 
case, and perhaps in both, not for the first time). It is 
to be noted that the namelessness in both is quite deliber- 
ate. Thus, in The Nice Valour, Shamont actually ad- 
dresses his unnamed brother as “Soldier” (IV. 1), and 
the Duke, in V. 3, carefully avoids naming him, calling 
him only “the soldier” (his name seems from II. 1 to 
be “Merit,” but in III. 2 Shamont also is spoken of 
under that title, and in both these scenes, as also in I. 1, 
Merit is personified). Note also in The Scornful Lady 
the care taken not to name the heroine: “In such a 
lady’s house, I need not name her.” It must, however, 
be pointed out that there is another dramatist who makes 
quite a feature of namelessness. This is Middleton, 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 443 


whom I believe to be also concerned in this play. One 
may find half-a-dozen instances of this habit in The 
Phoenix, two in Michaelmas T erm, two each in A Trick, 
Women, beware Women, and The Widow, six in The 
Fair Quarrel, three each in The Second Maiden’s 
Tragedy (which I firmly believe to be his), The Chaste 
Maid, and More Dissemblers, and other examples in 
The Old Law, Your Five Gallants, A Mad World, and 
No Wit, no Help like a Woman’s. Whether then the 
namelessness here is to be attributed to Beaumont or to 
Middleton may be subject for consideration. 

I was speaking of signs of revision. This may or may 
not be one. There are many others. The scene is Genoa; 
but that it was originally France is evident from the 
names of the characters (with the exception of Galo- 
shio, the clown, and Base, the jester), by the use of the 
word “monsieur” in the text, by the description in the 
dramatis persone of Lapet as “the cowardly monsieur,” 
by the mention in the text (II. 1) of the Duchess of 
Valois, and by the description of the country as “the 
kingdom.” In the first act there are indications of an 
apparent intention to do something with the wife of 
Lapet; yet she never appears again. When Galoshio first 
appears in III. 1, he is introduced in no way, and we 
are left to surmise what position he fills. In III. 1 we 
are told that the Duke has given consent to the Lady’s 
following the Passionate Lord as Cupid, while in the 
final scene he is entirely ignorant of it. Another sign of 
revision is that La Nove, described in the list of char- 
acters as “a courtier,” asks another concerning Sha- 
mont, on the ground that that other is a courtier and 
will therefore “know all their insides,” the inference 


444 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


being that he himself is not a courtier. In V. 1 Galoshio 
is called “Clown” in the stage-direction for his entry, as 
nowhere else, except that in his first entry in III. 1 he 
is styled “Galoshio, the Clown,” and that two of the 
speeches in V. 3 are attributed to “Clown.” Why should 
not the unnamed “Cowardly Gallant” of IV be either 
Poltrot or Moulbazon? If so, why is he not named? 
Such a multiplication of unnecessary characters may 
also indicate either mixed authorship or revision. There 
is another reason why the play is not to be looked upon 
as of a single date: in V.3 there is an allusion to 
“Fisher’s Folly,” published in 1624; yet the play was 
not licensed by Herbert, and must therefore date not 
later than May, 1622. Also the double title is an indica- 
tion of revision. Even Macaulay admits that it “was 
perhaps originally much earlier” than 1624; but never- 
theless Chambers does not include it among the plays 
that may possibly have been produced in the time of 
Shakespeare. 

Lawrence supplies me with the following interesting 
note:—“IV. 1: 


‘Lapet. I hope 
To save my hundred gentlemen a month by it, 
Which will be very good for the private house.’ 


Weber thinks this a reference to some playhouse; but 
he fails to see the significance of the use of the word 
‘house’ in the singular. To begin with, this was doubt- : 
less a local allusion, as the play in all likelihood was a 
Blackfriars play. The question is, at what time after 
1610 was the Blackfriars the sole private theatre? The 
Whitefriars closed December, 1614, and never re- 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 44.5 


opened; Rosseter’s Blackfriars patent is dated June 3, 
1615, and the theatre was used late in 1615 or early in 
1616; the Cockpit was opened circa March 1617. The 
safe date would be the spring of 1615.” Is Mr. Law- 
rence quite correct in his facts? There was perhaps a 
gap in 1616-7 between the closing of Porter’s Hall 
(Rosseter’s Blackfriars) and the opening of the Cock- 
pit, which might have been a time when there was only 
one private theater; Porter’s Hall was probably not a 
private house (it is not so treated by Chambers); and, 
so far from Whitefriars never reopening after Decem- 
ber, 1614, when the occupying company’s lease expired, 
it was certainly in use as a theater as late as 1621; nor 
do I see why, even on his own assumptions, Mr. Law- 
rence should prefer the spring of 1615 to a later part 
of the year. Despite these flaws, the argument adduced 
is a very strong one; but there are two things against 
it: the first is, that, if my interpretation of facts be 
correct, the play was not originally written for the 
King’s, as is shown by the absence of a list of actors’ 
names in the second folio; the second is, that the play 
does not appear in the King’s men’s repertory of 1641. 
We are faced thus with contradictory conclusions: the 
verses quoted by Mr. Lawrence point directly to a per- 
formance by the King’s men at the Blackfriars; while 
each of the two circumstances mentioned in opposition 
points to the conclusion that the play was not a King’s 
play—the first, that it was not originally so; the second, 
that it was never so. Can they be reconciled? Let us see. 
The assumption that The Nice Valour was never a 
King’s play is derived from its absence from the King’s 
men’s list of 1641; but, of the five plays entered as 


446 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Beaumont and Fletcher’s in the Stationers’ Register of 
June 29, 1660, two—The False One and The Fair 
Maid—are known to have been King’s plays, though 
they did not appear in the list. May it not be assumed 
then, as we have seen reason to assume in the case of 
them, that The Nice Valour was omitted from that 
list merely by oversight? I should describe that as not 
a fair assumption to make were it not for the fact that 
that is precisely what seems to have happened in the case 
of the other two plays: why not then in its case also? 
Let us assume then that The Nice Valour was a King’s 
play; we have still the other obstacle to overcome; but 
it has already lost much of its force. We may meet it 
in either of two ways: we may say that this play consti- 
tutes a solitary exception to the rule that plays originally 
produced by the King’s company had actors’ lists at- 
tached in the second folio, unless they were printed from 
quartos; or we may say that the production of 1615, if 
that be the actual date, was not the original one. It 
seems to me that it would be stupid to assume a soli- 
tary exception; and so I regard the second of these two 
interpretations of the facts before us as by far the more 
reasonable. It chimes in, indeed, very well with the 
view I put forward in “E. S.,” that, originally written 
by Beaumont for either the Paul’s boys or the Queen’s 
Revels Children (probably the former, about 1606), 
The Nice Valour was remodeled about 1613 or 1614 
for the Lady Elizabeth’s company by Fletcher, who 
called it “The Passionate Madman” (see II. 1 and 
IV. 1), and passed subsequently to the King’s men, 
for whom it was rewritten, probably in 1626, by Mid- 
dleton, who laid the scene in Genoa. The only altera- 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 447 


tion I need to make in that supposition, in order to 
meet Mr. Lawrence’s argument, is to date the first re- 
vision 1615 instead of 1613 or 1614, and to make the 
transfer to the King’s men take place prior to that revi- 
sion instead of later. 

Yet, though, as may be seen, I have tried to recon- 
cile Mr. Lawrence’s contention with the facts as I see 
them, I have ultimately to reject it, for I find one con- 
siderable objection to it. The play was obviously writ- 
ten for a boys’ company—the singing characters show 
that. If the revised version had not also been for a 
boys’ company, it seems natural to suppose that the sing- 
ing would have been cut out. It would appear then as 
if we should seek for a time when the only private thea- 
ter was occupied by a children’s company (a necessity 
which would land us in a quagmire), or else that we 
are compelled to admit that, after all, the use of the 
words “the private house” does not mean “the only pri- 
vate house,” but merely “this private house.” And point- 
ing in this direction is also the fact that most of the 
Middleton in the play does not seem of a late period, 
so that he may have been engaged in the first rewriting, 
when he was not a King’s man, as well as in the final 
one. The argument I have advanced would, however, 
apply equally to the second revision, which must have 
been soon after 1624, when there was no children’s 
company in existence. 

The question is, indeed, a very difficult one; and it 
may be that Mr. Lawrence is right. I go no further 
than to say that it seems to me that the chances are 
slightly against him in view of the facts that (1) the 
play was originally for a children’s company; (2) it 


448 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


cannot be definitely said that it was ever in the hands 
of King’s, wherefore we are scarcely warranted in as- 
suming that it was transferred to or purchased by that 
company; (3) though Middleton was writing for King’s 
in 1624 (and the allusion in The Nice Valour to 
“Fisher’s Folly” should assuredly mean a date of about 
1624-5), it is hardly likely that he would at that time 
(unless Fletcher had actually retired from dramatic 
work) have been asked to revise a Fletcher (or even a 
Beaumont) play: the natural man to employ for the 
purpose would have been Fletcher himself; wherefore, 
if Middleton was the reviser, his work may be assumed 
to have been done for the Cockpit. 

There is another matter to consider which has a 
bearing on this question of date: it is to this play that 
in both folios is appended the famous letter of Beau- 
mont to Ben Jonson. In dealing with The Noble Gentle- 
man I gave reasons for believing that that play and this 
were the two referred to in the rubric. That would 
probably give us a date of about 1606 or 1607 for this 
play—indeed, as it seems to have been written in its 
first form by Beaumont alone,’ the former is the more 
acceptable, the company being probably Paul’s boys. 

2 My division of the play in “E. S.” was: 

B—III. 3b, IV. rb (ten speeches preceding the Duke’s exit) 

B and Fl—I. 1a (perhaps revised by Md), c (seventeen speeches pre- 

ceding Lady’s entry), III. 2a 

B and Md—I. 1d, III. 3a (to Cupid’s exit), V.1, 3a 

B, Fl, and Md—III. 1, 2c (twelve speeches) 

os 1b (from Duke’s exit), III. 2b (speeches 17-41 inclusive), d, 

- 1c 
Fl and Md—II. 1a (the songs being Fl’s.), IV. 1a 


Md—Il. ib (after second song), V.2, 3b (from Shamont’s first 
entry) 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 449 


There is in it youthful imitation (such as might be ex- 
pected) of the admired Jonson, and the epilogue, which 
may be compared with the one to Love’s Cure, by the 
same author (me judice), shows the same contempt for 
public opinion as is shown in the writer’s verses on Vol- 
pone and The Faithful Shepherdess. 

The opinions of investigators have been as varied as 
was to be expected in the circumstances. Dyce suspected 
that, after Fletcher’s death, “another playwright either 
altered it or completed it.” Fleay regarded the play as 
written in 1613 by Fletcher and another, and altered 
about 1626 by some other writer, possibly Middleton. 
Boyle thought it Fletcher’s, altered by Rowley after 
the author’s death. Bullen considered much of the 
play strongly suggestive of Middleton, but the songs 
Fletcher’s. Macaulay was of opinion that it was by 
Fletcher and another (perhaps Rowley), but that 
Fletcher’s part was much altered. Chelli allots it to 
Fletcher and an unknown. Sykes declares Middleton 
to be certainly present, but doubts if it is wholly his. 
He adds, “It has several passages with valuable clues 
to his work in Timon.” Wells writes: “Mostly now by 
Middleton, including, in my opinion, the songs; but 
whether the play was originally his is another mat- 
ter.” In a later communication he speaks of it without 
reserve as Middleton’s. My own view is, as before, that 
it is to be divided between Beaumont, Fletcher, and 
Middleton, my allotment now being: 

B—III. 2a (opening speech), 3b (first song),* (?) IV.b (from 


La Nove’s third entry to Duke’s exit) 
Fl]—II. b (first Shamont interlude) 


450 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Md—Il. a, d (from Shamont’s second exit), III. 1 (with perhaps 
some B and Fl from Galoshio’s entry), 2b, d, 3a, c, V 

B and Md—I. b, III. 2c (Duke’s Sister’s last speech) 

B, Fl, and Md—I. a (to Duke’s Sister’s entry) 

Fl and Md—II. c, III. 2e (from Galoshio’s entry), IV. a, ¢ 


As it stands, the play is almost entirely Middleton’s. 
His hand is clearly to be seen in these lines from II: 
“But why to me so punctual? my last thought 

Was most entirely fixed on his advancement. 

Why, I came now to put him in possession 

Of his fair fortunes, (what a misconceiver ’tis! ) 

And, from a gentleman of our chamber merely, 

Make him vice-admiral. I was settled in ’t.” 


Equally characteristic of him are the six speeches in I 
immediately following the Duke’s Sister’s entry and 
the last three speeches of the scene. In these parts of 
that act there is no foreign admixture. There is a fairly 
close resemblance in style between the fourth speech 
of III. 3 and The Revenger’s Tragedy, which I am 
firmly convinced is Middleton’s; and the same touch 
is perceptible in V. This again helps me to think that 
some of the Middleton may be early. 

Fletcher is not so clearly to be distinguished, and 
his part is not great. The passage most characteristically 
his is that part of II from Shamont’s first entry to his 
first exit. That is enough to convince me of his presence. 
The first three speeches of IV also seem to me to be 
entirely his, while what follows, to La Nove’s second 
entry, is entirely Middleton’s. From the later part of 
this scene, where Middleton’s work is superimposed 


* Malone states that in a common-place book he saw this song as- 


cribed to Strode. That writer penned a reply to it; and so, I suspect, the 
mistake arose, 


Remaiming Beaumont Plays 451 


upon Fletcher’s I quoted in “E. S.” a passage which I 
took to be proof of Fletcher’s presence. I was not justi- 
fied. Very Fletcherian is 


“The choosing of these fellows now will puzzle me, 
Horribly puzzle me”; 


but what follows is even more markedly Middletonian: 


“And there’s no judgment 
Goes true upon man’s outside: there’s the mischief! 
He must be touched and tried for gold or dross, 
There is no other way for ’t; and that’s dangerous too.” 


I find nothing definitely and strongly characteristic 
of Beaumont—nothing so markedly his as the epilogue. 
If it were not for the epilogue I might be doubtful of 
his presence. There is, however, a portion of the play 
that seems to be from neither Fletcher nor Middleton; 
and I think it may be regarded as early Beaumont. 


53. Wit at several Weapons. 


This lively comedy is accredited to Beaumont and 
Fletcher in Archer’s catalogue. The only other evidences 
of its authorship are its inclusion in the folio, its entry in 
the Stationers’ Register, June 29, 1660, as Beaumont 
and Fletcher’s, and the statement of the epilogue “at 
the revising of this play,” which hints that Fletcher 
wrote an act or two, and no more. Fleay considered it 
identical with the lost Devil of Dowgate; but that is 
not a happy guess. Were not Monsieur Thomas known 
to be identical with Father’s Own Son, attention would 
certainly have been drawn to the fitness of that title to 
this play and to the fact that Wittypate is described in 
the list of characters as “his father’s own son.” We have 
no clue to the identity of the producing company; but 


452 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


the fact that there is no actors’ list in the second folio is 
against its having been originally staged by King’s. We 
do not know that it ever belonged to that company, 
since it is not in the list of 1641, but neither is it in the 
Cockpit list of 1639, so that it may have been acci- 
dentally missed out of the former, like The False One 
and The Fair Maid and Women Pleased. 

Lawrence dates the play 1614; but I do not know his 
reasons. Chambers considers Thorndike’s arguments for 
1609-10 or an earlier date “not proved.” Perhaps not; 
but they are very sound, and are not to be brushed 
aside in this cavalier manner. Thorndike draws atten- 
tion to “that memorable skirmish at Newport,” which 
was fought July 22, 1600. “The details of the battle,” 
says Thorndike, “and the account of Sebastian make it 
probable that they were written not very long after 
1600.” The way the Scotch forces are praised for their 
part in the Newport affair seems to me to indicate a 
period subsequent to James’ accession; so that we shall 
be justified in accepting a date of 1603, or very little 
later, with a revision date of 1609-10 or later, to cover 
the allusion to the two exchanges, and the mention of 
an anti-masque, which must be later than 1608. There 
are, however, three references (IV. 1 and V. 1) to the 
New River, which was opened in 1613. These may per- 
haps, but not quite certainly, imply a date later than 
1613. There is in III. 1 another date-indication that has 
not yet been utilized, because no one knows to what it 
refers: 


“Or fixed a naked rapier in a wall, 
Like him that earn’d his knighthood ere he had it, 
And then, refused, upon ’t ran up to th’ hilts.” 


Remaining Beaumont Plays 453 


I am then inclined to regard the play as originally writ- 
ten for Paul’s boys in or about 1604, and as having been 
revised about 1613, perhaps for Lady Elizabeth’s. I 
do not, however, see in the text much indication of revi- 
sion save in Gregory’s statement in III. 1 as to the girl’s 
having pinned a scarf upon him, when she has not done 
so. It is possible, of course, that this may be deliberate 
lying on Gregory’s part; but there would be no point in 
it. It was probably this play which was presented at 
Court some time between 1612-3 and 1621-2, of Buc’s 
entry of which all that remains is “Wit at.” (See 
Marcham’s “King’s Office of the Revels.’’) 

Fleay considered the play to be by Middleton, Row- 
ley, and Fletcher; Boyle, by Fletcher (responsible for 
I. 1-II. 1, III. 1, IV. 1) and an unknown; Ward, by 
Fletcher and Beaumont; and Macaulay, by the same 
two, though he afterwards changed his mind, and pro- 
nounced it to be probably by Middleton and Rowley, 
thus ignoring the external evidence in favor of Fletcher. 
Bullen says, “In reading it, we are strongly reminded of 
Middleton’s town-comedies or of the mixed work of 
Middleton and Rowley.” Though it contains “ye,” says 
More, it shows no sign of Fletcher. Chelli gives it to 
Beaumont and Fletcher. There is no Beaumont in the 
play, according to Gayley; but Thorndike credits him 
with the Pompey parts (II. 2, 3, IV. 1, V. 1, 2). Wells 
gives it wholly to Middleton and Rowley, awarding 
the former I. 1, III, IV; and Rowley, the rest. I adhere 
to my “E. S.” verdict* that Beaumont, Fletcher, Mid- 

1 My division was: 

B—II. 3, IV. 1b (from Pompey’s entry) 


B and Md—I. 1b (from Cunningham’s entry to Gregory’s exit), d, 
HANG site 


454 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


dleton, and Rowley are all to be found, save that I am 
very doubtful if the fourth author is to be identified 
with Rowley. My distribution is: 


B—I. 2 (?), Il. 2b (?), 3, IV. 1d (last twenty speeches) 
FI—V. 1b (nine speeches beginning “Mir. One word first’”) 
B and Md—II. 2a (to Pompey’s first exit) (?), IV. 1c 

Fl and Md—IV. 1b (from Gregory’s exit to Pompey’s entry) 
Md—I. 1, Il. 1, III, IV. 1a, 2, 3 

B and 4th author—V. 2b (from Pompey’s entry) 

4th author—Il. 4, V. 1a (?), ¢, 2a 


I am, however, by no means confident of the correctness 
of this division, nor even of my choice of participants in 
it. It is possible that there may be but three authors and 
that it may be Field whose work I have divided between 
Beaumont and a fourth author. I am certain of Middle- 
ton, though it is early work, before he acquired the 
marked characteristics of his verse. The Fletcher, too, I 
feel tolerably certain of, small though his portion is. If 
this, from V. 1, be not his, it is at least remarkably like 
him: 
“T know 
I shall have hate for it, his hate extremely. 
Cunn, Why, | thought you had not come so weakly armed. 
Upon my life, the knight will love you for ’t— 
Exceedingly love you, for ever love you. 
Mir. Ay, you’ll persuade me so. 
Cunn. Why, he’s my friend, 
And wishes me a fortune equal with him. 
I know and dare speak it for him.” 


B and R—I. 2 

Fl and Md—Ill. rb (from Cunningham’s first entry to Oldcraft’s 
third) 

Md—I. ra, c (to Gregory’s second entry), II. 1, III. 1a, IV. 1a, 2, 3 

R—II, 2, 4, V. 1, 2 (with perhaps some B in the Pompey portion) 


| Remaining Beaumont Plays 455 


The only other place where I seem to see him is in 
part of a speech in IV. The line, 


“Engendering with an old pair of pan’d hose,” 


has a counterpart in Cupid’s Revenge, II. 3, where it 
is apparently Fletcher’s; but in the very same speech we 
have the entirely Middletonian lines: 


“He’s the nearest kin to a woman, of a thing 
Made without substance, that a man can find again,” 


with which may be compared 


‘How courteous he’s to nothing! which indeed 
Is the next kin to woman” 
(The Nice Valour, 1. 1.) 


Professor de Perott has pointed out, in “Modern Lan- 
guage Notes,” Volume 36, that two Russian words occur 
in I. 2, in which connection he remarks that Fletcher has 
one play (The Loyal Subject) with a Russian plot. 

The fourth author may be Rowley; but I doubt it 
(Mr. Stork, I notice, who has particularly studied Row- 
ley’s work, also declares against him); nor do I feel at 
all certain of Beaumont. The Pompey portions are in 
his vein; but it does not follow that they are his, though 
the probabilities point in that direction. There is a good 
deal of punning, such as we do not find in Fletcher. 
The epilogue’s suggestion of his responsibility for “an 
act or two” seems to have little warrant in the existing 
version of the play. For Middleton, I doubt if I can do 
better than quote the two brief passages I cited as ex- 
amples of his style in “E. S.”: 


“Cunn. She does abuse you still, then? 
Greg. A pox! damnably, 


456 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Every time worse than other.” Yet her uncle 

Thinks the day holds a’ Tuesday. Say it did, Sir, 

She’s so familiarly used to call me rascal 

She’ll quite forget to wed me by my own name; 

And then that marriage cannot hold in law, you know.” 


(IV. 1.) 


“Niece. Now, blessings still maintain this wit of thine, 
And I’ve an excellent fortune coming in thee! 


Thou shalt be worthily welcome, take my faith for ’t. 
Next opportunity shall make us. 
Cunn, The old gentlewoman has fool’d her revenge sweetly. 
Niece. ’Las, ’tis her part! she knows her place so well yonder. 
Always when women jump upon threescore, 
Love shoves ’em from the chamber to the door.” 


(IV. 3.) 


One may note regarding the reference in II. 1 to a 
material known as “philip and cheyney” that in Any- 
thing for a Quiet Life Middleton uses Philip and Che- 
ney for the names of two of the characters—two who 
do not appear by name in the dramatis persone. I may 
remark here that, though, on external evidence which 
is of but little value, that play is always given wholly 
to Middleton, portions of it (1, Il. 1, III. 2, from 
Sweetball’s exit, IV. 1, V. 1, from George’s entry, and 
V.2) seem to me clearly due to Webster. Much of 
the rest of the play may be accorded to Middleton, 
though nowhere particularly characteristic of him. Mr. 
Sykes was the first to prove the participation of Web- 
ster; but I had arrived at the same conclusion before I 


knew of his work on the play and prior to its publica- 
tion. 


? He uses a similar expression in The Changeling, Il. 1. 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 457 


Act V, scene 1, bears certain resemblances to that pow- 
erful playlet A Yorkshire Tragedy—not least of all in 
its doublings (“see, see him, see him deceived”; “shel- 
ter, shelter”; “nothing else, nothing else”). Act I, scene 
2, it may be remarked, has much the same short, sharp 
style of sentence that meets us in A Yorkshire Tragedy 
—a play which I am not at all sure that we do not owe 
to Middleton. 

In Wit at several Weapons Mirabel is a girl’s name; 
in The Wild-goose Chase it is a man’s. The early part 
of II. 2 is remarkable for a singular stage-direction, 
“Towards Cunningham,” appearing twice. This may 
perhaps give a clue to the authorship, though I have not 
been able to connect this unusual instruction with any 
dramatic writer. 


The Remaining Plays in which Beaumont was 
not Concerned. 


N this final section I list six plays. Investigators gen- 

erally would have three of them and would add 
Love’s Pilgrimage and The Nice Valour. Some would 
also include the remaining three (The Widow, The 
Fair Maid, and The Laws of Candy), while others 
would exclude them not merely from this section, but 
altogether. The Noble Gentleman would be similarly 
treated. There are also scholars who would place Love's 
Cure and Thierry and T heodoret here. 


54. The Bloody Brother. 


This very fine play has been dated subsequently to 
1623-4, because it is supposed to contain an imitation 


458 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


of Jonson’s Neptune’s Triumph; but, as a matter of 
fact, it is Jonson who has imitated Fletcher. Also, as 
the play was not licensed by Herbert, it cannot be later 
than May, 1622, in its original form. Its alternative title 
(“Rollo”) serves to show that there were two versions 
of it. It was entered for publication by John Crooke 
and Richard Sergier October 4, 1639, as by “J. B.,” 
under the title of “Bloody Brother,” and published the 
same year by Thomas Allott and John Crook (sic), 
under the same title, with an ascription to “B. J. F.,” 
which may stand for “Beaumont, Jonson, Fletcher,” as 
the “J. B.” may stand for “Jonson, Beaumont.” The 
next year another edition was published at Oxford by 
Leonard Lichfield, under the title of “Rollo.” This 
quarto ascribed the play to Fletcher, and asserted that 
it had been acted by the King’s men. The drama was 
presented at Hampton Court January 24, 1636-7. Ry- 
mer treats it as Beaumont and Fletcher’s. It is attributed 
to Fletcher by the cataloguers; and Hills speaks of the 
cook as a character of Fletcher’s—a statement borne out 
by the internal evidence. 

Lawrence dates the play about 1624, but, for the 
reason I have already given, that is too late. Chelli, 
who attributes it to Fletcher, Massinger, Field, and 
Daborne, is inclined to date it about 1613, which seems 
to be certainly too early. (Obviously he identifies it 
with the play “of Mr Fletcher and ours.”) Gayley 
declares it to have been written after Beaumont’s death, 
and that “Massinger wrote as much of it as Fletcher,” 
and “probably other hands contributed as much as 
either.” Part of it must date not earlier than 1619, 
for Mr. R. Garnett (“Modern Philology,” Volume 2) 


THE 
BLOODY 


BROTHER. 
A Tragedy. 


By B. 7. F. 


LONDON, 


Printedby R.Bifbop,for Themas Allott,and Iohn Crook, 
and are to be fold in Pauls Churchyard, at the fgne 
oftheGreyhound 1639. 


Facsimile of title-page of the first quarto of 
“T he Bloody Brother.” 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 459 


has shown the indebtedness of IV. 2 to the Latin play, 
Querolus, printed in that year. He declares that the 
knowledge of astrology there displayed can only be 
Jonson’s; and he is not the only one to have that opin- 
ion. Dyce recognized the presence of Fletcher and a 
second writer, and thought that the latter, probably 
William Rowley, completed the play for the theater 
after Fletcher’s death. Ward is not sure that there is 
not a third, as well as a second, writer. Fleay gave the 
drama to Fletcher, Massinger, Jonson, and another; 
Bullen thought it likely that, originally by Fletcher 
and Jonson, it was revised by Massinger for the Court 
production in 1636-7; Boyle assigned it to Fletcher, 
Massinger, Field, and another, probably Daborne; and 
Macaulay divided it between Fletcher, Jonson, Mas- 
singer, and Field. Fleay later gave the play to Fletcher, 
Massinger, and Cartwright, because the Oxford quarto 
had it divided into scenes in the French way, the system 
followed by Cartwright; and Boyle also changed his 
mind, being inclined to substitute Wilkins for “probably 
Daborne” as the author of IV. 1. Yet later he returned 
to his original view. Charles Crawford adduced some 
striking parallels to prove that Jonson was concerned 
in II. 2 and IV. 1. Chambers speaks of Jonson as having 
a share in the play; but whether he is taking some one 
else’s word for it or departing from his usual custom by 
having an opinion of his own on a question of authorship 
is not clear. Schelling holds that Fletcher is present, but 
does not go further than that. Stork assigns it to Fletcher 
and another, and thinks that IV. 2 may perhaps be Jon- 
son’s. Cruickshank sees three hands, Massinger being 
present in I. 1. Sykes gives his opinion thus: “I should 


460 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


be content, I think, with four authors in this play, but 
certainly not less than four. Jonson I would admit; but 
I doubt Middleton; quite sure only of Fletcher and 
Massinger.” He denies any participation by Field. 
Wells regards it as an alteration by Fletcher and Mas- 
singer of an earlier play by Chapman “and possibly Jon- 
son.” My own view, as given in “E. S.,”* was that the 
play was originally by some sixteenth century dramatist, 
that it was rewritten, either in 1614 or 1615 for the 
Lady Elizabeth’s or in 1616 for the King’s, by Fletcher, 
Jonson, and Middleton, and that it was revised again 
in 1636, for the King’s, by Massinger. I vary from that 
in my present allotment by dropping Middleton. 

My division now is: 

Unknown author—IIl. 1a, c, IV. 3 

FI—II, Ill. 1b (from “Edith. Oh, stay there, duke” to Ham’s 

entry), (?) d (final dialogue), 2, V. 1b, 2 
J—IV. 1, 2 
M—I, V. 1a (to Ham’s exit) 


The alteration from my previous assignment is not very 
material. I am not at all sure that the portion of III. 1a 
between Rollo’s first entry and Gisbert’s entry is by the 
same author as the rest of it; but it shows no sign of 
being by any of the other three, and so may be allotted 
to the author of the part in which it is embedded. There 


1 My division was: 

ate writer—III. 1a (with some Md after Rollo’s first entry), c, 
Veg 

FI—Il, III. rb (from “Edith, Oh, stay there, duke” to Ham’s entry), 
B, Ve tbe 

Md—Ill. rd (final dialogue), IV. 1a, ¢ (last three speeches) 

J—IV. 1b (twenty-eight lines), 2 

M—lI, V. 1a (to Ham’s exit) 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 461 


are a few lines reminiscent of Middleton; but not 
enough to warrant a recognition of his presence. 

This play need cause no trouble concerning I, II, 
III. 2, IV. 2, or V. 2, or even V. 1, despite the last eight 
lines, which are mostly rhyming, as Fletcher’s verse so 
seldom is. The really bothersome scenes are III. 1 and 
IV. 1. The most difficult problem of the play has to do 
with the unknown author: was there an early writer, of 
whom traces are left here and there? or was the fourth 
writer one who now and then lapsed into the antique? 
The early-style stuff is found only in III. 1 after Gis- 
bert’s entry and prior to the closing duologue. These 
lines are ones that would be quite at home in a late six- 
teenth-century play: 


“Or for the proud refusal lose your head”; 

“Far fly such rigor your amendful hand”; 

“He threatens me!—Villains, tear him piecemeal hence”’; 
‘‘And cast his carcase out to dogs and fowls’; 


“And here the wounds he gave your sovereign lord.” 


It is to be noted that the word “amendful” occurs also 
in a very Middletonian line; but the verses I have 
quoted might have stepped out of a play of the time of 
Marlowe or Greene. If they are not remnants of an early 
play, they are the product of an actor-dramatist accus- 
tomed to mouth such lines. I am making the latter as- 
sumption; but I am not sure that it would not be more 
reasonable to treat the work I have assigned to the 
fourth author as in part the work of an early (sixteenth- 
century) writer, and partly of another author, who 
wrote very much later. I cannot feel at all certain when 
the work was done or what relation the writers had to 


462 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


one another. Fletcher and the unknown do not seem to 
have written together; and probably Massinger’s work 
was much later, presumably for the production of 
1636-7. 

While Fletcher and Massinger are both seen to un- 
usual advantage, Jonson’s part is not written in his best 
style, perhaps because it may have been mere hack- 
work. One may note that, in borrowing from both this 
play and Love’s Pilgrimage, Jonson did not confine him- 
self only to his own matter, but lifted Fletcher’s as 
well. The Fiske of IV. 1, 2 is mentioned in the same 
author’s The Devil is an Ass (1616). So is Norbret. 
Fleay thought Ruser and Savoy were additions of 1636. 
The first stanza of the song in V. 2 occurs with slight 
variations in Shakespeare’s Measure for Measure, which 
dates 1603-4, and both stanzas are in the spurious 1640 
edition of his poems. Bullen suggested that Shakespeare 
might have been responsible for the first, and Fletcher 
for the second; but perhaps Fletcher is responsible for 
neither. Certainly the first cannot be his. Boswell urged 
the likelihood of the song being by neither of the two 
dramatists; and that possibility is not to be overlooked. 

There are a few signs of alteration, of which two may 
be mentioned. In III. 1, Matilda says “He flatter thus?” 
when in point of fact the person to whom she alludes has 
not been guilty of flattery. Either his speech has been 
altered or something has been omitted. Note again how 
important a character Grandpree is in Act I, yet he never 
appears again. Was he cut out from the other acts? or 
was he a creation of Massinger’s for his revision? Prob- 
ably the former, since Massinger was not likely to be 
so faulty in his art as to introduce a new important 


Remaming Non-Beaumont Plays 463 


character for the first act only; and we seem to have 
some confirmation of this view in the fact that in the 
same act Duprete, who does not appear subsequently, 
remains mute. We may assume that his part also suffered 
in revision, indeed to its practical extinction. 

Fleay allots Fletcher II, III, and V. 2, and recog- 
nizes Massinger’s hand in I. Boyle gives I, V. 1a (to 
“Exit Ham.”) to Massinger; to Fletcher II, III. 1 
(from “Edith, coming forward” to “Enter the Citi- 
zens”), 2, IV. 2, V. 1b, 2; to Field, the rest of III. 1 
and IV. 3; and to Daborne, IV. 1. Macaulay gives Mas- 
snigere ty Vor soPletcherss lieaypart otelligrwiiing: 
Ve75; Jonsony UT 1592; 11; 25> Field) II] arg (except 
the scene of Rollo and Edith), IV. 3. Dr. C. W. Stork, 
in his edition of two of Rowley’s plays, credits Fletcher 
with I, II, III, IV. 1, 3, and “nearly all” V. He thinks 
IV. 2 “perhaps Jonson’s,” and declares that “there is a 
good deal of patching throughout the last three acts, and 
some couplets seem to have been added later.” He makes 
no surmise as to the identity of the reviser. Crawford 
accords'to ‘Jonson I. 1j:11 2, III. 1; [Vi:1-3, andeVer. 
One may note-in lyr lls) II. -1,:1V. 2; TVeepand 
V. 2 instances of the naming of an individual with a 
possessive personal pronoun, to which Wells attached 
importance in his work on Julius Cesar. It seems to be 
peculiar to no one writer here. 


55. The Fair Maid of the Inn. 


This is yet another play in regard to which the ex- 
perts are hopelessly divided—such, at least, as do not 
merely imbibe their views. Fleay considered it Fletcher 
and Rowley’s, left unfinished by them, and completed 


464 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


by Massinger. Bullen also thought Massinger and Row- 
ley the chief contributors, a very small portion being 
due to Fletcher. Boyle in “Englische Studien,” Volume 
7, gave the play to Fletcher and Massinger, but in his 
New Shakspere Society paper he declared Rowley also 
to be a sharer, though, when he came to divide it, he 
accorded everything to the other two, Massinger’s por- 
tion being I, III. 2, and V. 3. Ward has regarded it as 
probably the work of Fletcher, Massinger, and an- 
other. Macaulay, who considered it guess-work to see 
the hand of any one not provided for by the external 
evidence, guessed Massinger and another. A later view 
of Fleay’s than that mentioned above was that, origi- 
nally by Fletcher and Massinger, the play was after- 
wards revised by Massinger and Jonson, the latter con- 
tributing II. 2-4, III. 1, IV.2, V.1-2. Cruickshank 
holds the opening scene and the closing scene, as far as 
Clarissa’s speech, to be Massinger’s, and the interven- 
ing portion Fletcher’s. Chelli considers it originally 
Fletcher’s, revised later by Massinger and (?) Rowley. 
Sykes advanced the revolutionary idea that the play 
was the joint work of Webster and Massinger; and 
Bullen, abandoning his own view, above-mentioned, en- 
dorsed the part-authorship of Webster. Then along 
came Wells, with the notion that the drama was by 
Webster and Ford, altered by Massinger; and this has 
apparently been accepted by Sykes, who tells me that 
he thinks Ford is to be seen in IV. 1 and probably in 
another scene. Finally, F. L. Lucas (“Times Literary 
Supplement,” October 28, 1926) states categorically 
that the play was written by Webster in collaboration 
with Massinger. So much for theories; now for facts. 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 465 


The Fair Maid was not licensed till January 22, 
1625-6, after Fletcher’s death, and is expressly as- 
cribed by Herbert to Fletcher—an attribution which 
the experts ignore. It strangely enough does not appear 
in the King’s men’s list of 1641, though it had been 
licensed for the company. It was printed in the folio 
of 1647, but was not entered in the Stationers’ Register 
till June 29, 1660, with The False One, The Nice Val- 
our, Wit at several Weapons, Four Plays in One, and 
the masque, as Beaumont and Fletcher’s. The entry was 
in the names of Robinson and Moseley. 

Practically all critics consider the date of production 
fixed approximately by the date of the license; but to 
take that view is to ignore one or two vital considera- 
tions. If this drama and The Noble Gentleman had 
been produced for the first time in 1625-6 by the 
King’s men, we may suppose that, like other King’s 
plays not printed in quarto, they would have had actors’ 
lists attached in the second folio. If, too, they had really 
been written by Fletcher in or about 1625, we may be 
sure that they would have been very tenderly handled 
by those to whom the work of preparation for produc- 
tion was entrusted: the last thing they would have 
thought of doing was removing every sign of the ma- 
ture Fletcher. It is possible that The Fair Maid had 
to be licensed because it was so thorough a rewriting as 
to be practically a new play. In that case, we may be 
sure that it was early work that was subjected to such 
treatment. In “E. S.” I was inclined to date it 1607, 
regarding it as by Beaumont and Fletcher, rewritten 
by Massinger and Rowley in 1625-6, or by Rowley at 
that date and by Massinger later. In tentatively adopt- 


466 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ing this date, I was, however, influenced by the fact 
that I thought I could recognize the hand of Beaumont 
(an opinion which I long ago decided to be an incor- 
rect one), and by the further fact that if the play was 
written by Beaumont and Fletcher for some other com- 
pany than the King’s, it must have been prior to 1610." 
One has, in fact, a fairly free hand in the dating of 
this play, since there is nothing, as in so many other 
plays (Love’s Cure, for example), demanding an early 
date, nor yet an ascertained reference to an event oc- 
curring near to the date of the licensing. There is, as 
in The Nice Valour, an allusion to the fashion of kissing 
the fore-finger, and there are in IV. 2 and V. 2 refer- 
ences recalling various works of Jonson’s—an allusion 
to Paracelsus and “his terrible long sword,” as in Vol- 
pone; one to Kelly, as in The Alchemist; one to Ball, 
asin The Staple of News and The Execration upon Vul- 
can; one to The New World discovered in the Moon 
(which does at least give us a date of 1620 or later); 
and references to Butter and the Captain and Lamb, 
as in The Staple of News (1625). These would seem 
to be most naturally explained by regarding them as 
the work of some one steeped in Jonson or as the work 
of Jonson himself. There is also in IV. 2 a reference 
to the Amboyna massacre of 1622. 

1 My abandonment of the idea of Beaumont’s part-authorship does 
not mean much after all, for the portion I accorded him was very 
small. Here was my division: 

B and M—III. rb (from Host’s exit) 

B and R—II. 1-2, III. 1a, IV. 2a (to Clown’s entry) 

B, Fl, and M—IV. 1b (from “Exeunt Servants” to “Enter Mariana”) 

M—I, III. 2b, IV. ra, c, V. 3a, ¢ 

R—II. 3-4, IV. 2b, V. rb, 2, 3b (from Clown’s entry to exit) 

M and R—III. 2a (first sixteen speeches), V. 1a (to Cesario’s entry) 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 467 


One indication of a late date is that “the disowning 
of Cesario by his mother is probably taken from ‘La 
cour sainte’ of Nicholas Caussin, published in France 
in 1624,” according to Chambers, who further states 
that the plot does not at all resemble the story of “La 
ilustre Fregona” (one of the “Novelas Ejemplares”), 
which has been declared to be the source of the play. 
Assuming the correctness of this statement, it yet does 
not exclude the idea of the original play being early 
in date, since there is very much of the play in no way 
affected by the Caussin story. It would be quite possible 
for it to be tacked on to an early drama on another 
subject, and possible, too, for much of the original 
story to have been cut out. 

There are many signs of the play having undergone 
revision, so that, if we are not to assume an early ver- 
sion, of which the 1625-6 one was a rewriting, we 
ought to assume a later rehandling of the original 
1625-6 play. The Innkeeper and Bianca do not appear 
till II. 2, though the latter is the nominal heroine of 
the play. The “Schoolmaster” of III. 1 is the “Pedant” 
of IV. 2; and the Clerk of III. 1 (mute there, though 
it is his only appearance) does not come on the scene with 
Bianca’s other five lovers in IV. 2, while the Coxcomb 
is missing in III. 1, where we are explicitly told that 
there are six suitors. In the final speech of the play the 
Duke says, “This day . . . admits no criminal sentence,” 
though he has just sentenced Forobosco and the Clown 
to the galleys. Note also that the last speech before the 
Clown and Forobosco interlude was 


“Let this day 
Be still held sacred.” 


468 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


In III. 1 the Spanish word “cacafugo” is used,” though 
the scene is Italy. Mariana’s husband is sometimes called 
“Albertus” and sometimes “Alberto,” and the Great 
Duke is now “Florence” and again “Tuscany.” It is to 
be noted how very small a part in the play is taken by 
the nominal heroine: in fact, Clarissa has quite as much 
claim to be considered the heroine. In II. 2 a hint is 
given of the Clown’s intention to have Bianca stolen, 
but nothing comes of it. 

My latest examination of the play has led me to the 
conclusion that Sykes and Wells are right in seeing the 
handiwork of Webster and Ford; where I disagree 
with them is in their exclusion of Fletcher. It is not 
easy to account for the play being in the folios if 
Fletcher was not concerned in it. The school of critics 
of whom Mr. Sykes is a leading light seems to imagine 
that inclusion in a collection means nothing; to me, on 
the contrary, it seems very strong evidence indeed. A 
publisher had little or nothing to gain by including in a 
big collection such as this plays not rightly belonging to 
it. Is there, for example, in either the Shakespeare or 
the Beaumont and Fletcher collection one of the plays 
to the inclusion of which these critics take exception that 
would have meant enough additional sales to pay for the 
cost of setting it up and printing it? We may be sure 
that in the Shakespeare volume Titus Andronicus, the 
Henry VI plays, and Henry VIII were all included in 
good faith, because there could be next to no induce- 
ment to include them otherwise. So in the Beaumont 
and Fletcher folio we may be quite sure that the pub- 


* In this connection, the presence of a character named “Cacafugo” in 
Rule a Wife (1624) is to be noted. 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 469 


lisher regarded The Fair Maid, The Laws of Candy, 
Love’s Cure, The Nice Valour, and Wit at several 
Weapons as genuine; and he had far better means of 
knowing than we have. I maintain that such evidence 
should never be cast aside except for overwhelming 
reason; and the overwhelming reason is not to be found 
in this case, since, though the marks of Fletcher are 
exceedingly slight, being confined indeed to a single 
scene, they happen in that scene to be perfectly clear. 
From whom else could such lines as these come? 


“T will love thee, 
My good, good maid, if that can make thee happy— 
Better and better love thee.” 


A little further on we have: 


“Oh, you’re a proud, poor man, all your oaths falsehood, 
Your vows deceit, your letters forged and wicked!” 


which, wherever found, might be attributed to either 
Beaumont or Fletcher, but scarcely to any one else. It is 
just the sort of unrhyming couplet of which they, al- 
most alone, possessed the secret. And are not these pas- 
sages, brief as they are, obviously Fletcher’s? 


“Then I am lost again. I have a suit too. 

You’ll grant it, if you be a good man”; 

“Pll pray for you, 
That you may have a virtuous wife, a fair one; 
And, when I am dead,— 

Fie, fie!— 

Think on me sometimes, 

With mercy for this trespass.” 


That even in that scene the work is not entirely 
Fletcher’s is equally clear. Such a line as 


470 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


“Pray, do not talk of aught what I have said t’ee,” 


for example is markedly Ford’s. 

But it is time I gave my division of the play, which is 
as follows: 

M—I, III. 1b (from Forobosco’s exit) 

Fl and F—IV. 1b (from “Exeunt Servants” to “Enter Mari- 

ana” 
Ee IV. 2a, c, V. 1, 2, 3b (from Clown’s entry to exit) 
W and M—IV. 2b (from Forobosco’s exit to Bianca’s second 
entry) 

F—Ill, 1a, 2, IV. 1a, c, V. 3a, (f) € 
That part of IV. 2c preceding the Sailor’s entry I give 
to Webster only because he is in the rest of the scene, 
and because there is in it nothing that may not possibly 
be from his pen; but the fact remains that it presents 
nothing characteristic of him, while it contains lines that 
are mildly reminiscent of Beaumont, of Massinger, and 
of Ford. It contains the expression “You have leapt a 
whiting,” which parallels “You leapt a haddock” in 
The Scornful Lady, 1V.1. The saying was probably 
proverbial. Act III. ra I had felt very loth to credit to 
Webster, since it showed none of his special characteris- 
tics; but, when Wells convinced me of Ford’s presence, 
I had no longer any doubt of the authorship of this 
portion of the play. The many links with Jonson in 
IV. 2 and V. 2 might well lead to a supposition of his 
participation; but there are no indications of his style; 
and it looks as if we here have Webster ransacking his 
work. 

Sykes’ division of the play prior to his admission of 
Ford’s participation gave Webster III. 1, IV. 2, and 
V. 1. He considered III. 2 joint, and IV. 1 as probably 


Remaiming Non-Beaumont Plays 471 


“mixed Massinger and Webster, mainly Webster’s,” 
though with “no positive indication of either.” Of V. 3 
he says that it, “with the exception of the brief passage 
of prose with which it concludes,”’—as a matter of fact, 
it concludes with a blank verse speech—“is undoubt- 
edly in the main Massinger’s,” though “with occasional 
touches of Webster.” Mr. Sykes’ article appears in his 
“Sidelights on Elizabethan Drama,” where the case for 
Webster’s participation is strongly argued. 

Act IV seems to show that Fletcher and Ford did 
not collaborate, and also that Webster and Massinger 
did not do so. In all probability the play was twice 
revised. The prologue, which is apparently the original 
one, and may be from the pen of Fletcher, speaks of 
“our invention”; but the word “our” may refer to the 
company rather than to the writers, and consequently is 
scarcely to be judged as inferring dual authorship. I 
think the play is to be regarded as written in the first 
place by Fletcher, probably before he began his asso- 
ciation with Beaumont, perhaps in 1606 for the Paul’s 
boys or in 1607 for the Queen’s Revels Children. I take 
it that it was revised for the King’s in 1625; but it is 
difficult to say by whom, since not one of the three re- 
visers is known to have been connected with the company 
at that time, though Massinger probably was. The least 
likely of the three is Webster; but it is precisely he 
who gives us the allusions that point to a date in the 
twenties. I have no way of accounting for the small- 
ness of Fletcher’s contribution, save that the play was a 
weak early effort, calling for heavy overwriting. 

The only way of determining whether Ford worked 
with Webster or with Massinger is by considering the 


472 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


structure of his verse. This speaks eloquently for a very 
late date. Comparing III. 2 with the statistics of Ford’s 
verse given by Mr. Pierce, I find no rhyming lines, 
54.9 per cent double endings (his maximum for any 
play being 60.3), 15 per cent triple endings (his maxi- 
mum being 12.9), and 50.6 per cent run-on lines. These 
figures point to Ford’s latest period, and suggest that 
he combined with Massinger in a revision not very long 
before his death. There is a close resemblance in plot 
between this play and Webster’s Devil’s Law-case. 
One may note the repetition of part of the King and 
no King story and the reversing of the incestuous mo- 
tive of that play. In fact, one must not too lightly dis- 
miss the probability of the drama having been originally 
the work of Beaumont and Fletcher. If so little of 
Fletcher has been left, might not too little of Beau- 
mont be left us to be recognizable? If, however, this 
incestuous motive be based on Caussin, it cannot of 
course be Beaumont’s. It seems to be the work of 
Ford, to whom it would probably make special appeal. 
It is to be noted that the name Forobosco is used inci- 
dentally in II. 2 of Webster’s Duchess of Malfi. 


56. The Laws of Candy. 


Here is another play concerning the authorship of 
which the widest differences of opinion are held, and 
the right of which to be in the canon several critics 
deny. Fleay could not apparently make up his mind 
about it, or, rather, made it up in too many diverse 
ways. First he denied that it contained the work of 
either Beaumont or Fletcher; next he awarded it to 
Fletcher and Massinger; his third attempt was to give 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 473 


it to Massinger and Field, considering Fletcher’s share 
very small indeed (though that was equivalent to say- 
ing that there were three authors, and not merely two) ; 
then, in his paper on Field, he made no mention of the 
play, so that he had apparently abandoned the idea of 
Field’s codperation; and finally he returned to the idea 
of Fletcher and Massinger, declaring it to be in the 
main Massinger’s, with traces of Fletcher in II. 1, 
III. 3, V.1, and especially IV. 1, that author’s work 
consisting of revising it for the stage. Boyle thought 
it to be by the author of The Noble Gentleman (prob- 
ably Shirley )—a ridiculous idea, rendered impossible, 
so far as Shirley is concerned, by chronological con- 
siderations. This Boyle recognized later. Bullen’s view 
is that it is “largely” by Massinger, and that “Fletcher’s 
hand can hardly be traced.” Macaulay thought it “prob- 
ably” by Massinger and another. Chelli regards it as a 
Massinger revision of a Beaumont play. Schelling ex- 
presses the opinion that it “has certainly been submitted 
to a thorough rewriting by some hand other than 
Fletcher’s.” Cruickshank asserts that it contains no Mas- 
singer, which was also the opinion of Boyle, who de- 
nounced my view regarding the presence of that writer, 
on the absurd ground that he was not to be considered 
as having a hand in anything not displaying “his favorite 
expressions” —a view weakly echoed by Macaulay in a 
private communication to the writer, though, if the 
idea were acted on, it would deprive Massinger of a 
large number of scenes in his acknowledged work. Sykes, 
however, who avows himself a disciple of Boyle in the 
matter of the determination of Massinger’s presence, 
sees it in every scene except III. 1 and 2, and considers 


474. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


I, IV. 2, and V entirely his, believing that only one 
other hand was engaged in the play, “and that this 
hand was neither Beaumont nor Fletcher’s.” Wells re- 
gards it as “mainly by Ford, with nothing of Beaumont 
or Fletcher.” My own view was, as given in “E. S.,” 
that it was a very early effort of Beaumont and 
Fletcher’s, rewritten by Massinger.* 

Before speaking of my present view, let me give 
some data regarding the play. It was first published in 
the first folio, having been entered in the Stationers’ 
Register by Robinson and Moseley on September 4, 
1646, with twenty-eight of the other plays subsequently 
included in the first folio, the exceptions being The 
False One, The Nice Valour, Wit at several Weapons, 
The Fair Maid of the Inn, Four Plays in One, and the 
masque, which were none of them entered till 1660. 
The Laws of Candy shares with The Sea-voyage a 
peculiarity among the plays entered. It is added to the 
list in a different hand from that in which the other 

1 My division was: 

B—II. 1b (final dialogue), III. 1 

B and FI—I. 2b (last twenty-two speeches), IV. 1b (from Erota’s 

entry to Decius’), V. rb (from Cassilane’s entry to Antinous’) 

M—I. 1, 2a 


B and M—II. 1a, III. 2, IV. 1a, c, 2, V. 1a, ¢ 
B, Fl, and M—IIL. 3 


I took the first three speeches of IV. 1b to be Fletcher’s, and the rest to 
be Beaumont’s; and in II. x I held the portion from Erota’s “Knows any 
one here what this fellow is?” to Cassilane’s exit to be Beaumont’s, and 
the preceding portion of the scene to be Massinger’s. The concluding 
dialogue of I, 2 I considered Fletcher’s. 

Alden showed an inclination to agree with me when he declared that 
“the scenes which might be attributed to Beaumont with some plausi- 
bility” were II. 1, III. 3, IV. 1, 2, V.1. 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 475 


names are written. I think, however, that there is no 
significance attaching to the circumstance, that the two 
had merely been accidentally omitted, as is shown by the 
price paid fitting the total number. Yet there is a strange 
fact to which it is perhaps worth while to direct atten- 
tion; that, of the thirty plays listed in this entry (in- 
cluding The Wild-goose Chase, which did not find its 
way into the folio), these two are, with the single excep- 
tion of Women Pleased, the only ones which do not 
appear in the King’s men’s list of 1641. Setting aside 
The Nice Valour, Wit at several Weapons, and Four 
Plays in One, which may never have come into the 
possession of the King’s men, it is strange to note that 
The Fair Maid of the Inn and The False One should 
have figured neither in the King’s men’s list nor in the 
Stationers’ Register entry, and that two of the only 
other three plays missing from the company’s list should 
have been entered in the Stationers’ Register only, as 
it were, by an afterthought. It looks as if, when the 
list of 1641 was drawn up, the prompt copies of five 
plays had been mislaid, with the result that these five 
were overlooked, that three of the five were found in 
time to pass into the hands of Robinson and Moseley 
before they made their Stationers’ Register entry, and 
that a further two turned up in time to be included in 
the collection. It may be that The Sea-voyage and The 
Laws of Candy came to hand as the main body was being 
entered. 

Though The Laws of Candy is not in the King’s list 
of 1641, there can be no doubt of its having belonged 
to that company, since it was acted by Taylor, Eggle- 
stone, Tooley, Sharpe, Lowin, Underwood, Birch, and 


476 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Pollard. The absence of Burbage’s name and the inclu- 
sion of Taylor’s shows that this is a list of a date later 
than March, 1618-9, when Taylor was acting with the 
Prince’s men. Since it is not mentioned in Herbert’s 
Office-book, the latest possible date for the perform- 
ance in question is May, 1622. Lawrence, nevertheless, 
dates it 1623; and Wells considers it “a late work, when 
poets had ceased to finish their acts with a rhyme.” 
Sykes, on the contrary, dates the part he supposes to be 
Massinger’s 1614 or 1615. 

Wells, in some notes which he kindly sent me re- 
garding this play, made me see that Ford had to be 
seriously considered in connection with it. Renewed 
study induced me to abandon my own theory and to 
adopt his in great measure. Prior to this I had become 
somewhat doubtful about Massinger. There is irony in 
the fact that, while Mr. Sykes was upholding, in oppo- 
sition to the object of his veneration, my view of Mas- 
singer’s presence, I should be coming to the conclusion 
that Boyle’s view had been the more correct, though I 
still maintained that, if he had reached the right con- 
clusion, it was not by any sound reasoning. The objec- 
tion to regarding as Massinger’s the parts of the play 
I considered his is, not that they do not present his 
tricks of expression (the absence of which would be 
highly significant if it were a question of the entire 
play being his, but means nothing in single scenes) but 
that the manner is not Massinger’s. Ford’s style occa- 
sionally approaches Massinger’s; and I now think the 
style here is much more like that of Ford than that of 
Massinger. The corruptness of the text adds to the diffi- 
culty of determining the authorship. 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 477 


First, however, there is Fletcher to consider, for I 
am not so ready to leave him out of account as are 
Messrs. Sykes and Wells—to say nothing of Boyle and 
Macaulay, who seemed to think external evidence of 
no consequence, when it conflicted with their theories. 
It may be admitted at once that the signs of Fletcher 
are exceedingly slight; but they exist and are not to 
be ignored. They are to be found only in the closing 
dialogue of I. 2, the most characteristic passage being: 


“How have I lost a father, such a father! 
Such a one, Decius! I am miserable 
Beyond expression.— 

Fie! how unbecoming 
This shows upon your day of fame!— 
Oh, Mischief! 


I must no more come near him.” 


Now, if that be Fletcher, as I believe it is, it is early 
Fletcher; and there is no other way in which we can 
account for so little of his work being left but by sup- 
posing that it was immature work, subjected to a heavy 
overwriting. There may be touches of the early work 
left in other places; such a line, for instance, as 


“Will come (hear this, and quake, ye potent great ones)” 


(V.) 


has a very Fletcherian appearance; but one would not 
be justified in regarding as his a single line in the midst 
of a lot of lines by another author. It may be difficult 
to account for there being so little Fletcher left; but it 
is less difficult than to account for the play being in the 
collection if neither Fletcher nor Beaumont had any- 
thing to do with it. 


478 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


And, while I am on this matter, I may mention that, 
before I had abandoned the idea of Beaumont’s partici- 
pation, I submitted III. 1 to over twenty verse-tests in 
comparison with scenes in The Woman-hater and A 
King and no King that are unquestionably Beaumont’s. 
With the former I found six close resemblances and 
nine marked divergencies, and with the latter twelve 
close resemblances and five marked divergencies, while, 
when I compared the selected portions of the other two 
plays with one another, I obtained a result of four 
against seven, so that the closest affinity was between 
The Laws of Candy and A King and no King, and the 
greatest repugnance between The Woman-hater and A 
King and no King, a somewhat surprising result. Op- 
ponents of verse-tests will say that this only goes to 
prove their uselessness. What I think it does show is 
that I am right in the contention I have more than once 
advanced, that the structure of Beaumont’s verse is ex- 
ceedingly variable. 

Of Ford’s presence in The Laws of Candy I feel 
fairly certain. Wells points out his habit of using “all 
what,” which occurs twice in I. 2. The only other drama- 
tist in whom I have noticed this habit is Daniel. An- 
other instance of the same habit is to be found in The 
Fair Maid of the Inn, lV. 1:— 


“Pray, do not talk of aught what I have said tee.” 


Wells also directs attention to the following striking 
parallels, amongst others of less note: 


“For which this kingdom is throughout the world 
Unfellowed” (I. 1) 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 479 


(the “unfellowed” being a very sensible emendation of 


Theobald’s) 


“Whose beauty is through the world unfellowed” 
(The Queen, 1. 2); 


“Out of mine eyes, 
As far as I have thrown thee from my heart” (II. 1)— 


“T would hurl you 
As far off from mine eyes as from my heart” 
(The Lover's Melancholy, Ill. 2); 


“There’s the quintessence, 
The soul, and grand elixir of my wit” (III. 1)— 


“The quintessence, 
Soul, and elixir of the earth’s abundance” 
(The Broken Heart, \V. 2); 


“The great elixir, soul, and quintessence 
Of all divine perfections” 
(The Lover’s Melancholy, Il. 1); 


“Love me or kill me... 
Say, must I live or die?” (IV. 1)— 


“Must I now live or die? ... 


Love me or kill me” 
(Tis Pity, 1. 3). 


Wells also points out that the phrase, “Things done 
long ago” (III. 2), which occurs also in a famous pas- 
sage in The Lover’s Melancholy, IV. 2, is found no- 
where else in the “Beaumont and Fletcher” plays. Apart 
from these very strong parallels, it is to be noted that 
the vocabulary is markedly Fordian. 

Turning now to Massinger, it is with much regret 
that I find myself compelled to disagree with Mr. 


480 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Sykes, the more so as his view is largely the one I for- 
merly held, though I did not reach it by his road. I 
should have been glad to have the strong confirmation 
of similar results arrived at by a different method; but 
truth compels me to state that I think I was mistaken; 
and Mr. Sykes’ parallels are not sufficiently convincing 
to persuade me that I was right. The only ones that 
seem to me to amount to anything are these: (1) the 
form in which Antinous’ petition is put and received; 
but there is nothing in this that might not come quite 
naturally to another dramatist; (2) the close combina- 
tion, in II. 1, of the words “penn’d” and “studied,” as 
so often in Massinger; but, though I had marked this 
as the most Massingerian fragment in the play, I can- 
not give it to him, when I see so little that is reminis- 
cent of his style; (3) in V, the “statue” simile, which 
is frequent in Massinger, but to which he had no pre- 
scriptive right; (4) also in V, “the stream of your affec- 
tions,” parallels to which are quoted from The Duke of 
Milan and Massinger’s part of The Bloody Brother: 
but, amusingly enough, Wells claims it for Ford, on 
the strength of parallels in The Queen and The Lover's 
Melancholy, while frankly pointing out the use of the 
expression by Massinger. There we have a first-class 
proof of the danger of this method of determination. 
For one to be able to say that such parallels are of value 
one needs a knowledge of the literature of the time 
which it is safe to say no one possesses—not even the 
encyclopedic Mr. J. M. Robertson. So many of these 
things are common property that the results one ob- 
tains by searching merely through the work of a single 
dramatist are apt to be exceedingly misleading. It is the 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 481 


class of error that we are all liable to fall into, and 
against which we cannot too carefully guard. I do not 
wish it to be supposed that I desire to infer that Mr. 
Sykes is peculiarly and uniquely capable of error—I 
have far too much respect for his knowledge and his 
industry to do that. It is the method rather than the 
man that I am referring to; and, if it happens to come 
up in connection with his name, it is because he is the 
leading and most active follower of that method. The 
other parallels he adduces in regard to The Laws of 
Candy do not impress me, because in some cases the 
parallelism seems to me of little importance; in others, 
because it is not peculiar to Massinger; and, in yet 
others, because it does not parallel. 

My own view of the play is that it is wholly Ford’s, 
save for one little bit of Fletcher. If I were to acknowl- 
edge the presence of Massinger it would be in the early 
part of II; but I do not. My view of the play may 
then be set out thus: 


FI—I. 2b (concluding dialogue) 
F—the rest 


There is a difficulty as to the date. Ford was not con- 
nected with the King’s men at the time when the play 
was acted by the cast given in the second folio. His 
rewriting of it must then have been done at some other 
time. He was probably with King’s in 1613, and cer- 
tainly with them in 1628. A study of the characteristics 
of the verse makes it quite clear that it belongs to his 
later period. Three scenes (I. 1, III. 1, and IV. 2) of 
which I made a test, to see how they fitted in with 
Mr. Pierce’s figures (as given in an earlier part of this 


482 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


work, when Ford’s characteristics were dealt with), gave 
the following results: 


Double endings— 31.5 percent, 39.2, 40: average, 36.8 
Triple endings— 6.7 percent, 4.1, Il.I:average, 7.5 
Run-on lines— 78.7 percent, 35.1, 36.7: average, 51 
Rhyme— nil 


The actors’ list of about 1620 presents a difficulty 
which has to be faced frankly. The little bit of Fletcher 
left does not seem of that late date; nor is it altogether 
credible that work of his of that period would be so 
thoroughly overwritten in the late twenties. The likeli- 
est explanation I can offer is that the play was revived . 
then in its original form, and proved a rank failure; or 
that Fletcher revised it thoroughly, but that this version 
is lost. It may be easier to join Mr. Wells in abandoning 
altogether the idea of the participation of Fletcher; but, 
if we do that, we are met by the stumbling-block of hav- 
ing to account for the inclusion of the play in the Beau- 
mont and Fletcher collection, and, what is of equal 
importance, its ascription to them in the Stationers’ 
Register entry of September 4, 1646. 

What I do not believe, though I was at first in- 
clined to do so, is that the actors’ list can be of the origi- 
nal production of the King’s men, the play having 
come from another company. We have already consid- 
ered the importance of these lists in certain respects; 
but they have yet another significance to which no atten- 
tion has yet been directed. Of the thirty-five plays which 
it had been intended to print in the first folio (that is 
to say, the thirty-four that duly appeared and The 
Wild-goose Chase), only ten are without lists in the 
second folio. Three of these are not known ever to 


Remaiming Non-Beaumont Plays 483 


have got to King’s, and, it is fair to assume, never did 
get there. The whole ten may be regarded as having 
been originally produced by other companies. To put the 
matter in another way, of the thirty-five plays, not one 
that can positively be said to have been originally a 
King’s play is without an actors’ list. Of the twenty-five 
with lists, twenty give us what may be assumed to be 
the names of performers in the original productions. 
Nineteen of these are King’s plays; one (I'he Honest 
Man’s Fortune) is to be credited to the Lady Eliza- 
beth’s. Of the remaining five, one (The Coxcomb) has 
a list that was not that of the original production by the 
Queen’s Revels Children, but that probably was that of 
the first production by the Lady Elizabeth’s. That leaves 
four which have King’s lists that are not those of the 
original performances. One of these, The Wild-goose 
Chase, is generally considered (probably correctly) to 
have been first produced by the King’s men; and I have 
shown reason to consider that Women Pleased stands in 
the same category. There remain two plays, Bonduca 
and The Laws of Candy. Why should not they also be 
regarded as originally King’s plays? A deduction to be 
drawn from the facts adduced is that no play originally 
given by another company was given a King’s men’s 
list when later produced by that company, though all 
these plays obviously reached the publisher from King’s. 
In view of what was done with The Honest Man’s For- 
tune and The Coxcomb, on the one hand, and The 
Woman’s Prize and Love’s Cure, on the other, it is 
reasonable to regard Bonduca and The Laws of Candy 
as originally written for the King’s men. 

There are one or two small signs of Ford to which I 


484 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


may draw attention—the objective “ye”; the beginning 
of a speech with the name of the person addressed; the 
repeating of a word or phrase for emphasis, as— 


“Taught by me, by me, thy father” (I. 2); 
“Might in that, 
That only of but following me, be happy” (I. 2); 
“That, that’s the poison in the gilded cup” (II. 1); 


yet, at the end of I. 2, I count 
“This day has proved my worst, Decius, my worst” 


as Fletcher’s. It is really much more a Fordian repeti- 
tion than a Fletcherian one. One may note also the use 
more than once of “but only.” In IV. 1 occurs a line 
which Mr. Wells may add to his proofs, inasmuch as it 
seems to me the most thoroughly characteristic Ford line 
in the play: 


“And pulls us living to the dust we came from.” 


And, finally, it may be well to note the identity of 
touch in five passages from five several scenes, two of 
the five thus beginning: 


“Admit no soldier near us till the senate 
Have took their places.— 
You are obeyed, my lord.— 
Decius, fall off — 
I shall” (I. 2); 


“Tell him my love 
Is vow’d to him.— 
I shall” (III. 1); 
“Leave us.— 


I shall” (III. 3); 


“Fernando, I must speak with you in secret.— 
You shall” (IV. 2); 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 485 


“You, my lord Fernando, 
With the ambassador, withdraw a while.— 
My lords, we shall” (V). 


In III. 2 Cassilane reminds one of Calianax in A King 
and no King; and Gonzalo is sufficiently like Jonson’s 
Politic Would-be to make one wonder if he should be 
regarded as an imitation by Beaumont. The punning in 
III. 2 and IV. 1 is to be noted. 

Is there not an omission in V. 1 before Erota’s “Anti- 
nous, urge me no further”? In III. 1 also there seems to 
be an omission at the entry of Gaspero, a speech by 
Fernando having apparently dropped out. The short 
line, “Now, worthy Gaspero, what,” in the same scene, 
may be a relic of a longer speech.” 


2 Since the completion of my work I have received a communication 
from Mr. Bertram Lloyd, mention of which must be made. Though that 
gentleman has not made any special study of the Beaumont and Fletcher 
plays, he is an authority upon Ford and has also made a careful study of 
Middleton. I therefore asked him to let me know his views upon the 
presence of these two writers in the collection. These views I have now 
much pleasure in giving. 

The Laws of Candy he considers “likely to be by Ford in parts,” 
adding “There are signs of his special vocabulary and phraseology 
passim, and in the first edition several more such indications, which 
were altered in the second edition. I’m convinced of his hand in V and 
III, and think that he likely wrote a part of the rest (e.g., I. 1).” 

In regard to The Fair Maid of the Inn, he comes very close to my own 
view when he says “I can’t doubt that Ford wrote IV. 1; and much of 
III. 1 (possibly III. 2 also) seems to me more like him than Webster, to 
whom Sykes ascribes it.” 

I am in entire agreement with him when he says, “I can’t imagine that 
Ford had aught to do with The Faithful Friends.” 

Wit at several Weapons seems to him “obviously” mainly Middleton’s: 
“his hall-mark is on it. But II and V—in part at least—seem to be by 
another (?Rowley).” It will be noted that, like myself, he seems to be 
dubious regarding the generally accepted Rowleian participation. 

In regard to Love’s Cure he says, “Is not Middleton’s hand indicated 


486 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


in III. 3 or 4? Acts I and V must be Massinger’s. Did he revise it later, 
from an old play, by Dekker and Middleton perhaps?” 

He sees no real signs of Middleton in The Noble Gentleman “beyond 
a few of his phrases and words.” 

Regarding The Nice Valour he makes the very non-committal re- 
mark: “I suppose Middleton is the most likely author to have collabo- 
rated with Fletcher.” But is it a question of collaboration? 


57. The Maid in the Mill. 


The two interesting plays next to be considered both 
have strong external evidence as to their authorship; 
nor is there among the experts any serious difference of 
opinion regarding them. The Maid in the Mill is re- 
garded as Fletcher and Rowley’s by every one except 
Chelli, who awards it to Fletcher and an unknown. This 
unanimity of opinion is not remarkable in view of the 
circumstance that it is ascribed to Fletcher and Rowley 
by Herbert. Yet it is a singular fact that, when Rowley 
joined in the writing of this, he was, nominally at least, 
a Prince’s man. It was licensed for production by the 
King’s men August 29, 1623, the principal parts being 
taken by Taylor, Lowin, Underwood, Rowley, Thomp- 
son, Benfield, and Pollard; and it was presented at 
Court three times that year. It was first printed in the 
folio of 1647. 

My division of it is that given in “E, S.”: 

Fl—I, III. 2, 3, V. 2a 

R—IH, Ill. 1, IV, V. 1, 2b (from “Oh, sleeve! oh, sleeve!?’) 


The distributions by Fleay, Boyle, and Macaulay 
agree with my own; and Dyce came very near the truth 
when he accorded Rowley most of II, all IV, and vari- 
ous speeches elsewhere. The partitions of Miss Wiggin 
and Dr. Stork coincide with mine; so that for once there 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 487 


seems to be almost absolute agreement. Miss Wiggin 
points out the following similarities to Rowley’s work 
in The Changeling: 
“Oh, your wife, Franio? — 
Tis ‘Oh, my wife,’ indeed” (V. 2); 


“T am old Lollio.— 
No, sir, ’tis I am old Lollio” 
(The Changeling, 1. 2); 


“Shall I walk by the tree, desire the fruit, 
Yet be so nice to pull” (IV. 1); 


“Shall I alone 
Walk through the gardens of th’ Hesperides 
And cowardly not dare to pull an apple?” 
(The Changeling, Ill. 3). 


I agree with Fleay in thinking that the play has been 
revised. One might naturally suppose that, Rowley be- 
ing a Queen’s man, and the play being given by King’s, 
it was originally by him, but submitted to some altera- 
tion by Fletcher. I believe, on the contrary, that it was 
probably written in collaboration, but that it was, much 
later, revised by Rowley. However that may be, there 
are certainly plentiful signs of revision. There are two 
Pedros, the one, a singer (II. 1), being Rowley’s; the 
other, a courtier (III.2), being Fletcher’s. Neither 
serves any purpose, and one does not speak. There are 
also two Philippos, and one of them appears in only a 
single scene, with two other named characters who do 
not again appear, the three of them speaking but the 
once, and then together. They are addressed by name, 
but might as well have been omitted. They are probably 
a relic of the earlier version. Yet again, Lisauro is mute 
in V. 2, though he is a very long time on the stage. 


488 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Mr. P. E. More gives the following statistics of the 
use of “you” and “ye”: III. 1, 16-0; III. 2, 25-19; 
III. 3, 55-59; V. 2a (to “Enter Antonio) 38-34; V. 2b, 
73-0. This is confirmatory of my division. 

That the 1623 production was the original one is 
evidenced by the fact that the play is based partly on 
Digges’ “Gerardo” (a translation from the Spanish), 
which was published in 1622. 


58. The Night-walker. 


Save Chelli, who ascribes it to Fletcher and an un- 
known, no one has defied the external evidence which 
gives The Night-walker to Fletcher and Shirley, though 
Wells attaches a note of interrogation to the name of 
the latter. The evidence is quite explicit, Herbert telling 
us that the play, which he licensed on May 11, 1633, 
for the Queen’s men, was “a play of Fletcher’s, cor- 
rected by Shirley, called ‘The Night-walkers.’ ” It is 
true that, when it was acted at Court in January, 1633-4, 
he speaks of it as “made by Fletcher”; but that in no way 
invalidates the former entry. As before, he entered it 
as Fletcher’s; but this time he did not think it necessary 
to add the name of the reviser. In 1640 it was published 
by Crooke and Cooke as Fletcher’s, the former in a 
dedication also speaking of it as Fletcher’s; but it is 
absolutely certain that it was not printed as Fletcher 
wrote it, since it contains an allusion to Prynne’s “His- 
triomastix,” issued in 1633, the very year of Shirley’s 
alterations, and long after Fletcher’s death. Moreover, 
the title-page assures us that it is given “as it was pre- 
sented by her Majesties Servants, at the Private House 
in Drury Lane”; and also the double names of two of 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 489 


the characters show revision. The name of the scape- 
grace hero has been altered by Shirley from Wildgoose 
to Wildbrain, though he failed to remove all traces of 
the old name, which never occurs in his part of the play, 
but only in Fletcher’s. In the other case, Fletcher seems 
merely to have used “Toby” as a nickname for Nicholas. 
As I am dealing with this matter of revision, I may men- 
tion here that, though, in III. 6, there is no sign of the 
Lady’s recognition of Maria, she speaks, in IV. 6, as if 
she had recognized her from the first. With a dramatic 
convention that permitted of thoughts being expressed 
in asides, it is not likely that there would be a recognition 
with which the audience was not made acquainted; so 
we may probably lay the blame for the inconsistency on 
the fact of revision. So too, in III. 6, the inducements 
of the gentlemen have been dropped out, though we 
have Heartlove’s reply: 


“He is no friend that wishes my departure: 
I do not trouble you.” 


The conclusion of the play also shows signs of altera- 
tion. How can the last scene be placed in the Lady’s 
house, when she says, “Home! forward, with glad 
hearts!—Home, child!” It may be presumed that 
Fletcher’s name for the play was “The Little Thief,” 
which appears as the sub-title on the quarto. It has been 
suggested that it is a rewriting of The Devil of Dow- 
gate; but, as that play was written for the King’s men, 
the idea cannot be accepted, for the original version of 
The Night-walker must have been written for some 
other company than King’s. It figures among the 
Fletcher plays in the Cockpit list of 1639, and appeared 


490 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


in a second quarto before being included in the folio of 


1679. 

In dating the original play the choice must be be- 
tween a time prior to Fletcher’s first connection with 
the King’s men and the time immediately succeeding the 
burning of the Globe, when he was with the Lady Eliza- 
beth’s. I favor the former, because the verse of the 
Fletcher portion seems to me early in style.’ There is 
also in III. 3 anallusion to A Woman killed with Kind- 
ness, which Fletcher also referred to in The Woman’s 
Prize. 

My apportionment of the scenes is as follows:* 


1 Lawrence supplies me with the following interesting note: “I note 
you date Fletcher’s part of The Night-walker ca. 1609-10. If you mean 
by this that the play was produced about that period, my reply would 
be that the evidence is entirely against you. The play was licensed as 
entirely new in 1633. Now, though the players were not above trying 
to palm off an old play on the public as new, they would not have 
attempted to deceive the licenser, seeing that the licensing fee for a new 
play was just double what the fee was for reallowing an old one. 
Shirley must have worked on an unfinished play of Fletcher’s.” This 
is a strong argument, since Herbert’s fee in this case was £2; but I 
would urge that an unacted play of Fletcher’s was far more likely to 
have found its way to the King’s men than to the Queen’s; that, if the 
manuscript of the play had been found among Fletcher’s papers after 
his death, it would not have waited till 1633 for production; and that 
Herbert does not speak of it as a new play or even as one finished by 
Shirley, but only as corrected by him. His charges were, it may be re- 
marked, very variable, and there may have been special reason for his 
high fee in this case. 

2 My “E. S.” allotment was: 

FI—I. 1b-8, II. 1-3, 4¢ (last nine speeches), III. 1-2, 3b (from 

Lurcher’s entry), 5, IV. 1, 3-4 

Sh—II. 4a, IV. 2, 6, V.2a (to “Alathe goes to Maria”) 

Fl and Sh—I. 1a (to Heartlove’s entry), II. 4b (from Lurcher’s 

entry), III. 3a, 4, 6, IV.5, V.1, 2b 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 491 


Minor alterations I have made in regard to this play 
are to give Fletcher the whole of I. 1, II. 4, III. 3, and 
V. 1, where I formerly saw also Shirleye s revising hand. 
It must be admitted, however, that Lurcher’s triple 
recognition of Wildbrain ; in V. I is against my present 
view. This scene I take to be early Fletcher, while much 
of I. 1 is either early or corrupt. Act III, scene 3, is very 
much in the style of scenes in The Woman’s Prize, 
an early play of Fletcher’s, In III. 4 a fragment of 
Fletcher is left, this consisting of the first two speeches. 
Act IV, scene 2, is almost wholly Shirley’s, only the 
three speeches immediately preceding the final two be- 
ing a relic of Fletcher’s work. Similarly, in the first ten 
speeches of V. 2, Fletcher’s hand is to be seen as well as 
Shirley’s, while as regards the concluding portion of the 
scene, from Maria’s entry, I hesitate between consider- 
ing it as corrupt Fletcher and looking on it as the work 
of Fletcher overwritten by Shirley, to whom the rest of 
the scene is due. I was at first greatly inclined to re- 
gard IV. 6 as based on Beaumont, but I have come to 
the conclusion that it is really a very material overwrit- 
ing of Fletcher by Shirley. It is, however, not to be 
overlooked that, if, as I believe, this play was, in its 
original form, of very early date, Beaumont’s codpera- 
tion with Fletcher is entirely probable. 

Fleay gave Fletcher to the end of III. 2 and declared 
the rest so altered by Shirley as to defy separation. Boyle 
gave Shirley III. 3-4, IV. 1-2, 6, V.2, from “Enter 
Heartlove” to “Enter Nurse”; and Fletcher the bal- 
ance. Macaulay thought I-III Fletcher’s, revised; and 


FJ—I, IY, II. 1-3, 5, IV. 1, 3, 4, V.1 
Fl and Sh—the rest 


492 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


IV-V Shirley’s. He considered the original play was 
perhaps as early as 1614 (which is nearly as late as he 
could make it, in the circumstances). Wells is “inclined 
to date the earlier version to the same year with The 
Winter's Tale.” Thorndike suggests that “the new book 
of fools” referred to in the play may be Armin’s “Nest 
of Ninnies,” issued in 1608; and, for my own part, I 
am inclined to accept that suggestion, and date Fletcher’s 
work accordingly. 


59. The Widow. 


The last play to be considered is that brilliant comedy, 
The Widow, which many of the critics would not in- 
clude. It was published in 1652 by Moseley, as the 
work of Jonson, Fletcher, and Middleton, and as acted 
at Blackfriars by “His late Majesty’s Servants,” with 
words to the reader by Alexander Gough, an actor who 
had belonged to the King’s company as early as 1626 
and at least as late as 1636, and who, Langbaine tells 
us, “helpt Mr Mosely, the bookseller, to this and sev- 
eral other dramatic manuscripts.” In his address Gough 
vouches for the correctness of the attribution on the 
title-page. On the other hand, it is ascribed by Kirkman 
to Middleton and Rowley, is not in either folio, and, 
in a catalogue at the end of the play, is attributed to 
Middleton alone (a fact of little significance, since it 
is seldom that more than a single author is mentioned, 
The Maid in the Mill, for example, being credited to 
Rowley, and The Two Noble Kinsmen to Shakespeare. 
Of more importance than any of these circumstances is 
the fact that in an extant copy the names of Jonson and 
Fletcher have been scored through in an old hand, and 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 493 


the word “alone” written after the name of Middleton. 
It is to be presumed that that would hardly have been 
done without special knowledge on the part of the 
writer; and it is perhaps significant that the two names 
questioned are two of three amongst those of the old 
dramatists that had a selling value at the time of publi- 
cation. If there was fraud, it was not necessarily on the 
part of the publisher: it may have been on the part of 
Gough. The problem is one that can only be determined 
by the internal evidence. That the performing company 
was rightly declared to be King’s is shown by the inclu- 
sion of the play in the King’s men’s list of 1641; but 
it does not follow that it had not previously belonged to 
some other company, like so many other plays listed 
there. 

Gifford denied Jonson’s presence; at least, he could 
not “discover many traces” of him; but Collier found 
him all through IV. Fleay considered it Middleton’s, 
though containing perhaps some Jonson, and dated it 
1624-5. Later, he supposed that Fletcher might have 
started revision, Jonson taking the work up at his death, 
but the play remaining practically Middleton’s. Boyle 
gave it to Middleton. Macaulay looked on it as “prob- 
ably” Middleton’s; and this is also Sykes’ view. Wells 
declares for Middleton alone. Havelock Ellis thinks 
that “Fletcher may possibly have had a finger in it: 
the first two acts certainly resemble Fletcher’s man- 
ner.” Lawrence accepts the attribution to the three au- 
thors named on the title-page of the quarto, and con- 
siders it was produced at the Blackfriars in 1607. Bullen 
dates it 1608-9 “from internal evidence,” but thinks it 
was revised later, not improbably by Fletcher, though 


494 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


he cannot discover either Jonson’s hand or, “unless the 
songs be his,” Fletcher’s. Dyce thought it “evident 
enough” that Middleton was the principal author and 
that in several scenes the pen of Jonson might be “dis- 
tinctly traced,” but added, “Fletcher’s share in it (if 
indeed he bore any) must have been very unimpor- 
tant.” 

In my “E. S.” article I expressed the view that the 
play contained no Fletcher, and that, if there was any 
Jonson, it must be in IV. 2, part of which was “cer- 
tainly in his manner,” though it might be only an imita- 
tion of him; whereas Middleton’s hand might be “traced 
in every scene.” I still think that Jonson is not present, 
and that Middleton is to be seen in every scene; but I 
now credit Fletcher with a small share in the play, 
though not too confidently. The fragment that deter- 
mines me to list this among the plays in which he was 
concerned consists of the first nine speeches of V. 1. If 
that be not his, the idea of his presence may be aban- 
doned. If, however, that be conceded to be his, his hand 
may also be seen, with Middleton’s, in that part of 
IV. 1 following Violetta’s entry, and in V, as far as 
Martia’s first entry. I confess to feeling great uncer- 
tainty; and assuredly, were the play connected with the 
name of Middleton alone, I should look no further. 
Even as it is, I should not feel justified in giving 
Fletcher a share were it not for the fact that the play 
is in structure and character much nearer to the comedy 
of Fletcher than to that of Middleton. 

As to the date, the mention of yellow bands as “hate- 
ful” must be an allusion to Mrs. Turner’s wearing of 
them at her execution in November, 1615. Whether a 


Remaining Non-Beaumont Plays 495 


passage paralleling one in The Honest Lawyer (pub- 
lished in 1616) is the original or the imitation is doubt- 
ful. In either case a date of 1616 is pointed to. A sup- 
posed allusion to The Scornful Lady fits into the same 
date. The repetition of an incident in V in Jonson’s 
New Inn need not imply a later date and may have 
bearing upon the question of authorship. The style of 
Middleton’s work here is consistent with a date of 1616. 
If anything, despite Bullen’s dictum, it would be more 
opposed to an earlier date than to a later one. 

I may direct attention to a circumstance so trifling 
as to be important, since it seems an indication of a 
habit. I allude to the occurrence in three scenes—II. 1, 
III. 1, and IV. 2—of the phrase (and the contraction) 
“Te? me see.” I am not aware that this occurs else- 
where in Middleton; but neither can I say that it is 
used elsewhere by Fletcher. I may also draw attention 
to the inversions, which are rather like those in The 
Two Noble Kinsmen—“Call in vain ’tis” (III. 2); 
“match they did together” (V.1). One may note by 
way of comparison that in The Spanish Gipsy we have 
such strange inversions as “flow let ’em to a full sea” 
(II. 1), “her marriest thou or none” (IV. 3), “hang let 
her there” (IV. 3). These are not peculiar to any poet. 
Two of them, for instance, find a parallel in Shirley’s 
“Sleep let her ashes” (The Royal Master, I. 1). 

I conclude my examination of these plays most doubt- 
fully, feeling scarcely warranted in including this one. 
If one suppose from the Fletcherian nature of the 
comedy that Fletcher sketched out the story for Middle- 
ton, it is not likely that he would have contributed to the 
writing the trifling portion I credit him with: he would 


496 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


have done either a great deal or nothing. If, on the other 
hand, this small portion be rightly considered to contain 
his work, the only reasonable conclusion to come to is 
that it was early work of his, written for a boys’ com- 
pany, and long afterwards handed over to Middleton 
to make a good play out of. That would be long before 
it came into the hands of the King’s men. There are 
only two things I feel certain of in connection with it: 
the one is that it is practically wholly Middleton’s 
(Fletcher’s share, if any, being so small as hardly to be 
worth consideration); the other is that, as it stands, it 
dates from not earlier than the end of 1615 and not 
later than the early part of 1617. 

Since the above was written, Mr. W. J. Lawrence 
has favored me with the following note upon this play: 
“Reed dates the play 1616-1620 on the strength of an 
allusion which might have been added in a revision. The 
brief prologue is of the early Jacobean type, and re- 
fers to the play as ‘a sport only for Christmas.’ The 
bulk of the evidence points to a date circa 1607, and to 
production at a private theatre by boy players. One of 
the proofs is that the songs are sung by the characters, 
and not by a special singing boy. No company of boy 
players was in existence 1616-1620. My theory is that 
the play came after Eastward Hoe at the Blackfriars, 
when, owing to the recent trouble, Jonson, Chapman, 
and Marston being no longer able to collaborate (they 
never worked together again), Jonson joined with Mid- 
dleton and Fletcher in a play of London life, in which 
the characters were given foreign names and the scene 
laid in Istria. In Eastward Hoe Touchstone has a catch 
phrase, ‘Work upon that now,’ and Security another, 


Remaiming Non-Beaumont Plays 497 


‘I do hunger and thirst to do you service.” In The 
Widow, the Second Suitor uses ‘I have enough, and I 
will have my humor.’ The catch phrase seems to have 
been in vogue 1599-1606. See The Shoemaker’s Holi- 
day, Sir John Oldcastle, and The Merry Devil of Ed- 
monton. The play ends in the Jonsonian manner (as in 
The Alchemist) by a chief character coming forward to 
speak a tag-epilogue.” 

This is an important contribution to the subject, and 
confirms my view that we have here a 1616 rewriting 
of an old boys’ play. The 1616 date seems to me quite 
certain; and, as Mr. Lawrence makes it equally certain 
that the play was originally by a boys’ company, it 
means that, if the production in that year was the origi- 
nal one, it must have been performed by the Queen’s 
Revels Children at Porter’s Hall, for, despite what Mr. 
Lawrence says, they were acting there in that year. The 
prologue seems to me Middleton’s, and the “tag-epi- 
logue,” as Mr. Lawrence calls it, is assuredly his. (I 
believe, by the way, that at least one line has dropped 
out of it.) Nevertheless, while I hold that the extant 
Version was given at Porter’s Hall in 1616 by Ros- 
seter’s company, I think it probable that the original 
play, which is more likely to have been a crude, early 
effort by Fletcher for the same company than joint 
work by him and Jonson and Middleton, dates, as Mr. 
Lawrence supposes, from 1607. I cannot imagine a re- 
writing in 1616 of work done by Jonson in 1607, so 
severe as to mean Jonson’s practical elimination. The 
work of the younger and more inexperienced Fletcher 
would be an entirely different proposition for Middle- 
ton to deal with. For these reasons, I adhere to my date 


498 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


of 1616 for the play as it stands. Whether this was the 
original date is another matter. If I am right in sup- 
posing a Fletcher basis, 1607, as advocated by Mr. 
Lawrence, appears a suitable date for the early form; 
and, even if there be no hand but Middleton’s in the 
play, a first version in 1607 and a revised one in 1616 
is a quite reasonable supposition. 


eA Chronological Survey. 


HERE seems an unaccountable objection on the 

part of many scholars to suppose that any drama- 
tist of the period began his work earlier than the first 
definite reference that is made to it. I have commented 
on this in the case of Middleton and in the case of 
Ford; and it applies similarly to Beaumont and Fletcher. 
If it were not for the early printing of The Woman- 
hater, historians would tell us that Beaumont did not 
commence his career till 1609 or thereabouts, just as 
they appear to think it most improper to suppose that 
Fletcher did anything prior to The Faithful Shep- 
herdess, when he was in his thirtieth year. Now there 
can be no doubt about the earliness of The Woman- 
hater, and to suppose that Beaumont did nothing be- 
tween then and 1609 or thereabouts is absurd. That he 
and Fletcher were exceedingly busy during the half- 
dozen years preceding 1610 I have not the slightest 
doubt. In the effort here made to fill up the gaps I 
have probably made very grave miscalculations; but at 
least, whatever my errors of deduction may be, I feel 
sure that I have not gone so far astray as I should have 
done had I followed the timid policy of commencing 
Fletcher’s career in 1608 or 1609. 

There is also the question of what Fletcher did dur- 
ing the last ten months of his life. The last play of his 
to be licensed during his lifetime was Rule a Wife, in 
October, 1624, and he did not die till August, 1625. 
We need not suppose that he was a martyr to ill health, 
which prevented him from pursuing his wonted ac- 
tivities; for, when he died, it was not as the outcome of 


500 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


a prolonged illness, but through his falling a victim to 
the plague epidemic. It seems most probable that he had 
ceased dramatic authorship, or that, for some reason or 
other, he had occupied himself with the revision of 
some of his old plays, and perhaps also of plays by other 
dramatists. 

Besides the opening years of Beaumont and Fletcher 
and the closing months of the latter, there is difficulty 
in regard to the closing years of Beaumont, the work of 
Fletcher during the same period, and the latter’s pro- 
duction for two or three years after the death of Beau- 
mont. I make no claim that I have accounted satisfac- 
torily for the labors of these years; but I have at least 
not tried to fill in at random. All I can say for the 
year 1617, for instance, is that I do not know what 
Fletcher was doing then; but, though I hazard a sug- 
gestion in regard to it, I make no attempt to provide the 
dramatist with a complete program. The reasons for the 
datings given here have in every case been stated when 
the various plays have been dealt with. 


Prior to 1605-6 

1a. Women Pleased, first version, by Fletcher, for 
King’s, 1603. 

2a. Bonduca, first version, by Fletcher, for King’s. 

3a. The Laws of Candy, first version, by Fletcher, 
for King’s. 

4. Mador, by Beaumont, probably for Paul’s. 

sa. Wit at several Weapons, first version, by Beau- 
mont, for Paul’s. 

6a. Love’s Cure, first version, by Beaumont, for 
Paul’s, as “The Martial Maid.” 


eA Chronological Survey 501 


1605-6 to 1608-9 

7. The Woman-hater, by Beaumont, for Paul’s, as 
“The Hungry Courtier,” 1605-6; and revised by 
Beaumont and Fletcher, 1606. (It is quite likely, how- 
ever, that Beaumont’s first version may have been about 
1604, and his revised version, in which he was helped 
by Fletcher, 1605-6.) 

8a. The Noble Gentleman, first version, by Beau- 
mont and Fletcher, for Paul’s, 1606. 

9g. A Right Woman, by Beaumont and Fletcher. 

10a. The Faithful Friends, first version, by Beau- 
mont and Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels (?.). 

11a. The Nice Valour, first version, by Beaumont, 
for Paul’s, 1606. 

12a. The Fair Maid of the Inn, first version, by 
Fletcher, for Paul’s or Queen’s Revels. 

13a. The Woman’s Prize, first version, by Fletcher, 
for Queen’s Revels, as “The Tamer Tamed,” 1606-7. 

14a. The Widow, first version, by Fletcher, for 
Queen’s Revels. 

15a. Cupid’s Revenge, first version, by Beaumont 
and Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels. 

16a. Thierry and Theodoret, first version, by Beau- 
mont and Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels. 

17a. Beggars? Bush, first version, by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels, 1608-9. 


1609 and 1610 
18. The Faithful Shepherdess, by Fletcher, for 
Queen’s Revels, 1609. 
56a. The Wild-goose Chase, first version, by 
Fletcher, for King’s. 


502 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


19a. The Coxcomb, first version, by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels, 1609. 

20a. The Birth of Merlin, first version, under some 
other title, by Beaumont and Fletcher, for Queen’s 
Revels. 

ata. The Night-walker, first version, by Fletcher, 
for Queen’s Revels, 1609-10 or earlier, as “The Little 
Thief.” 

13b. The Woman’s Prize, second version, by 
Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels. 

22a. Monsieur Thomas, first version, by Fletcher, 
for Queen’s Revels, 1609, as “Father’s Own Son.” 

23a. Philaster, by Beaumont and Fletcher, for 
Queen’s Revels, about 1609, as “Love lies a-bleeding.” 

5b. Wit at several Weapons, second version, by Beau- 
mont and Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels, about 1609-10. 

24. The Knight of the Burning Pestle, by Beau- 
mont and Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels, 1610. 

25a. The Scornful Lady, first version, by Beaumont 
and Fletcher, for Queen’s Revels, 1610. 


I610-I to 1611-2 

10b. The Faithful Friends, second version, by Field, 
for Queen’s Revels, about 1610-1. 

26a. The Captain, first version, by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, for King’s, early in 1611. 

2b. Bonduca, second version, by Fletcher, for King’s, 
I61I. 

27a. A King and no King, by Beaumont and Fletcher, 
for King’s, 1611. 

28a. The Maid’s Tragedy, by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, for King’s, 1611. 


eA Chronological Survey 503 


15b. Cupid’s Revenge, second version, by Field, for 
Queen’s Revels, 1611. (At Court also in 1612-3.) 


1612 and 1613 


29. Julius Cesar, revision by Beaumont for King’s, 
about 1613. 

23b. Philaster, acted at Court, by King’s, 1612-3, 
probably as revised by Beaumont and Fletcher. 

26b. The Captain, acted at Court, by King’s, 1612-3, 
perhaps (but improbably) as revised by Fletcher. 

30. Valentinian, by Fletcher, for King’s, 1611-4. 

27b. A King and no King, acted at Court, by King’s, 
1612-3, perhaps as revised by Beaumont and Fletcher. 

31a. The Honest Man’s Fortune, first version, by 
Tourneur, Webster, and Field, for Elizabeth’s, March, 
1612-3. 

32a. Double Falsehood, first version, by Fletcher and 
Shakespeare, for King’s, 1613, as “Cardenio.” 

33a. The Two Noble Kinsmen, first version, by 
Shakespeare, Beaumont, and Fletcher, for King’s, 1613. 

34a. Henry VIII, first version, by Shakespeare and 
Fletcher, for King’s, June, 1613, as “All is True.” 

19b. The Coxcomb, revived, in 1612, by Queen’s 
Revels, was played in 1613 by Elizabeth’s, and may 
have been revised by Fletcher on that occasion. 

sc. Wit at several Weapons, third version, by Mid- 
dleton and Rowley, for Elizabeth’s. 

8b. The Noble Gentleman, second version, by 
_ Fletcher, for Elizabeth’s. 

28b. The Maid’s Tragedy, acted at Court by King’s, 
1612-3, perhaps as revised by Beaumont and Fletcher. 


504. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


1613-4 to 1615-6 

35. Unknown play, by Fletcher, Field, Massinger, 
and Daborne, for Elizabeth’s. 

toc. The Faithful Friends, third version, by Mas- 
singer, for Elizabeth’s or Queen’s Revels, 1613-4. 

36a. The Elder Brother, first version, by Fletcher, 
for Elizabeth’s, 1614. 

37a. Four Plays in One, first version, by Fletcher 
and Field, for Queen’s Revels, 1613-1615. 

34b. Henry VIII, second version, by Massinger, for 
King’s, 1614. 

38a. Wit without Money, by Fletcher, for Eliza- 
beth’s, late in 1614. 

39a. The Bloody Brother, first version, by Fletcher, 
for Elizabeth’s, about 1614-5, as “Rollo.” 

40a. Love’s Pilgrimage, first version, by Beaumont 
and Fletcher, for Elizabeth’s, 1615, as “The Lovers’ 
Pilgrimage.” 

25b. The Scornful Lady, second version, Beaumont 
and Fletcher, for Elizabeth’s, 1615. 

41a. The Chances, first version, by Fletcher, for 
Elizabeth’s, about 1615. 

11b. The Nice Valour, second version, by Fletcher, 
for Elizabeth’s, 1613-1615. 

22b. Monsieur Thomas, second version, by Fletcher, 
for Elizabeth’s, 1615. 

16b. Thierry and Theodoret, second version, by 
Massinger, for King’s, 1615-6. 

42a. A Very Woman, first version, as “The Prince 
of Tarent,” by Fletcher, for Elizabeth’s; date alto- 
gether doubtful. 


eA Chronological Survey 505 


1616 


43a. The Queen of Corinth, first version, by 
Fletcher, Massinger, and Field, for King’s, early in the 
year. 

44a. The Knight of Malta, first version, by 
Fletcher, Massinger, and Field, for King’s. 

45. The Mad Lover, by Fletcher, for King’s, late in 
the year. 

14b. The Widow, second version, by Middleton, for 
Elizabeth’s. 


1617 
26c. The Captain, second version, by Fletcher, for 
King’s; date altogether doubtful. 


1618 to 1619-20 

46a. The Loyal Subject, by Fletcher, for King’s, No- 
vember, 1618. 

47. The Humorous Lieutenant, by Fletcher, for 
King’s, 1619. 

48. The Jeweller of Amsterdam, by Fletcher, Mas- 
singer, and Field, for King’s, 1619. 

49. Barnavelt, by Fletcher and Massinger, for 
King’s, 1619. 

3b. The Laws of Candy, performed by King’s be- 
tween March, 1618-9, and May, 1622, may possibly 
have been revised by Fletcher, though no trace of such 
revision remains. 


1620 
soa. The Custom of the Country, first version, by 
Fletcher and Massinger, for King’s. 


506 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


sia. The Double Marriage, first version, by Fletcher 
(and perhaps Massinger), for King’s. 

52. The False One, by Fletcher and Massinger, for 
King’s. 

53. The Little French Lawyer, by Fletcher and Mas- 
singer, for King’s. 

39b. The Bloody Brother, second version, by Jonson 
and another, for Elizabeth’s. 

20b. The Birth of Merlin, second version, by Row- 
ley, for Elizabeth’s, 1616-1622. 


1621 


tb. Women Pleased, second version, by Fletcher, for 
King’s, early in the year. 

54. The Island Princess, by Fletcher, for King’s. 

55. The Pilgrim, by Fletcher, for King’s. 

56b. The Wild-goose Chase, second version, by 
Fletcher, for King’s. 

19c. The Coxcomb, acted at Court, by King’s, March, 
1621-2, may have represented a revision by Fletcher 
(and perhaps Massinger). The rewriting for the sec- 
ond version is likelier to have been done for this pro- 
duction than for either the 1612 production or that of 
1613. 


1622 


17b. Beggars’ Bush, second version, by Fletcher and 
Massinger, for King’s, before May. 

57. The Prophetess, by Fletcher and Massinger, on a 
sixteenth-century foundation, for King’s, May. 

58a. The Sea-voyage, first version, by Fletcher (and 
perhaps Massinger ), for King’s, June. 


eA Chronological Survey 507 


59. The Spanish Curate, by Fletcher and Massinger, 
for King’s, October. 

6b. Love’s Cure, second version, by Jonson, for 
Elizabeth’s. 


1623 


43b. The Queen of Corinth, second version, by 
Fletcher, for King’s; date indeterminable: may per- 
haps fit in here. 

60a. The Maid in the Mill, first version, by Fletcher 
and Rowley, for King’s, August. 

61. The Devil of Dowgate, by Fletcher, for King’s, 
October. 

62a. The Lover’s Progress, first version, by Fletcher, 
for King’s, December, as “The Wandering Lovers.” 


1624 and 1625 


63. A Wife for a Month, by Fletcher, for King’s, 
May, 1624. 

64. Rule a Wife, by Fletcher, for King’s, October, 
1624. 

31b. The Honest Man’s Fortune, second version, by 
Fletcher and Massinger, for King’s, February, 1624-5. 

tic. The Nice Valour, third version, by Middleton, 
for Elizabeth’s, about 1624-5. 

37b. Four Plays in One, second version, by Fletcher, 
for production at Court, 1625. 

40b. Love’s Pilgrimage, second version, begun by 
Jonson, probably for Elizabeth’s. 

33b. The Two Noble Kinsmen, acted by King’s, 
about 1625, may possibly have been revised by Fletcher. 


508 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


41b. The Chances, second version, by Fletcher, for 
King’s, 1625. 


Later productions, excluding, as hitherto, those which 
could not possibly have affected the published versions, 
are: 

12b. The Fair Maid of the Inn, second version, by 
Webster, for King’s, January, 1625-6. Third version, 
by Massinger and Ford, for King’s, in the late ’thirties. 

8c. The Noble Gentleman, King’s, February, 
1625-6, apparently not revised. 

36b. The Elder Brother, second version, by Mas- 
singer, prior to November, 1633. 

44b. The Knight of Malta, second version, by Mas- 
singer, prior to November, 1633. 

sob. The Custom of the Country, second version, by 
Massinger, acted at Court, by King’s, 1628. 

58b. The Sea-voyage, second version, by Massinger, 
for King’s, prior to November, 1633. 

sib. The Double Marriage, second version, by Mas- 
singer, for King’s, prior to November, 1633. 

56c. The Wild-goose Chase, acted by King’s, 1631, 
apparently not revised. 

6c. Love’s Cure, third version, by Massinger, for 
King’s, prior to November, 1633. 

21b. The Night-walker, second version, by Shirley, 
for Queen’s, May, 1633. 

13c. The Woman’s Prize, acted by King’s, October, 
1633, as “The Tamer Tamed,” apparently not revised 
—at least, if there was a revised version, it has not come 
down to us. 


eA Chronological Survey 509 


46b. The Loyal Subject, acted by King’s, November, 
1633, apparently not revised. 

60b. The Maid in the Mill, second version, by Row- 
ley, for King’s, prior to November, 1633. 

42b. A Very Woman, second version, by Massinger, 
for King’s, June, 1634. 

62b. The Lovers Progress, second version, by Mas- 
singer, for King’s, 1634, perhaps as “Lysander and 
Realist: 

4oc. Loves Pilgrimage, second version, by Jonson, 
licensed for King’s, September, 1635. Also presented 
at Court, by King’s, December, 1636. 

19d. The Coxcomb, by King’s, 1636, may have rep- 
resented a third version, by Massinger. 

39c. The Bloody Brother, third version, by Massin- 
ger, for King’s, 1636. 

38b. Wit without Money, acted by Beeston’s, 1636-7, 
apparently without revision. 

3c. The Laws of Candy, second version, by Ford, for 
King’s, in the late ’thirties. 

32b. Double Falsehood, second version, by Theo- 
bald, 91727. 


Scene Divisions. 


T is advisable that I should explain the system on 

which I have divided the plays into scenes. I have 
not followed the old editions, because they are not con- 
sistent; and there is a similar reason for not following 
the modern editors, who do not always agree with one 
another. I wanted to adopt a plan that could be applied 
always, so that it would be possible to compare the num- 
ber of scenes in the various plays I am dealing with and 
to compare them with other plays by the dramatists 
concerned. I therefore determined to begin a new scene 
whenever (and only when) the stage had been left 
empty, unless the newcomers were manifestly in the 
same place as those who had just gone out and there had 
been no great lapse of time. For many years now I 
have divided plays on this basis, and I have found it to 
work well. I was glad, therefore, when I saw Mr. 
Crompton Rhodes adopting the same system or some- 
thing very closely approximating to it. In the table in 
which I summarize my results, I have set down, on 
this basis, the number of scenes in each play, since it 
seems to me that there is some significance attaching 
to the difference we find in this respect between those 
plays in which Beaumont was concerned and those in 
which he was not concerned. Omitting from considera- 
tion, for obvious reasons, The Knight of the Burning 
Pestle, we find that, of seven plays for which Beaumont 
is partly responsible in which the hand of no one else 
save Fletcher is to be seen, none has more scenes than 
twenty-one and none fewer than twelve, the average 


Scene Divisions Sut 


being sixteen, while twelve other plays in which he had 
a hand, but which later underwent alteration by others 
than Fletcher, present a slightly higher average (about 
seventeen and a half), though the range is greater, 
stretching from nine to twenty-five. In the sixteen plays 
wholly by Fletcher the average number of scenes is 
twenty-three, the range being from sixteen to thirty- 
one. Nineteen is the figure for the eleven plays wholly 
by Fletcher and Massinger, whether written in collabo- 
ration or not, the range being from fourteen to twenty- 
seven; nor was there much difference when they were 
joined by Field, each of the two plays written by these 
three men without the codperation of others having 
eighteen scenes. When Tourneur and Webster are added 
to the group (in The Honest Man’s Fortune), the num- 
ber drops to fifteen. When Fletcher collaborated with 
Rowley, his tendency to follow the line of least resist- 
ance seems to have been held in check somewhat, for 
The Maid in the Mill has but thirteen scenes. Shake- 
speare seems to have exercised no such good influence 
in this respect, for The Two Noble Kinsmen has twenty- 
five scenes, and Henry VIII, seventeen. Though Dou- 
ble Falsehood has but fourteen, one cannot set much 
store by that circumstance, in view of Theobald’s re- 
constitution of it. These figures serve then to show that 
Fletcher’s habit of composition was to have as many 
scenes as suited his purpose (which was ordinarily to 
create a sense of life and of movement), while Beau- 
mont, being more of an artist, sought to keep down the 
number to what seemed to him a minimum. Of the 
other dramatists here mentioned, we find that Jonson 
(excluding plays with interludes, and not counting in- 


512 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


ductions) averages over fifteen scenes for thirteen plays, 
the numbers ranging from nine to twenty-four; that 
Field has twelve scenes in one play and fifteen in the 
other; that Tourneur’s Atheist?s Tragedy has nineteen 
(I take no note of The Revenger's Tragedy, because I 
cannot convince myself that it is his); that, of the only 
two Rowley plays that I have at hand for reference, 
there are seventeen scenes in the one and nineteen in 
the other; that in fifteen completed plays wholly by 
Massinger there is an average of sixteen scenes, ranging 
from ten to twenty-five; and that in twenty-nine of the 
thirty-six plays in the Shakespeare folio (omitting the 
Henry VI trilogy, Henry VIII, Titus Andronicus, T he 
Taming of the Shrew, and Timon of Athens) there is a 
range of from nine to forty, with an average of over 
twenty. A study of these figures will show that the num- 
bers for Fletcher and Massinger in conjunction are such 
as might be expected and will make it understandable 
why Shakespeare exercised no moderating influence on 
Fletcher in this connection. 


Summary of Findings. 


HE accompanying table summarizes the results of 
my investigations. I have employed the following 
abbreviations: 


B—Beaumont M1—Marlowe 
F—Ford R—Rowley 
Fd—Field S—Shakespeare 1— 
F1—Fletcher Sh—Shirley 
J—Jonson ,~ T—Tourneur 
M—Massinger Th—Theobald 
Md—Middletory W—Webster 


x—Unknown author 


It is to be noted that, of the fifty-nine plays listed, 
Fletcher appears in fifty-seven, Massinger in twenty- 
one, Beaumont in twenty, Field in six, Shakespeare in 
four, Jonson in three, Middleton in three, Ford in two, 
Rowley in two, Webster in two, and each of the other 
four authors named in one, while thrice (exclusive of 
the choruses in The Prophetess) I do not attempt to 
name the writer. If we count only the fifty-two plays 
which appear in the second folio, omitting eight dealt 
with here, and adding The Coronation, we get the fol- 
lowing figures: Fletcher 50, Massinger 18, Beaumont 
17, Field 5, Jonson 3, Middleton 2, Ford 2, Webster 2, 
Shirley 2, Shakespeare 1, Rowley 1, Tourneur 1, the 
number unattributed remaining unchanged. 


514. The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


a ‘Wa A 6 Apueg josmeyT | Zz 
q ‘sopnysay|ar [je pur ujononpuy 
a d a aq |+$z | ‘d ‘dm jovy] z 
PA PA PA gt we JO] fF 
d a $1 |sury on pure Zury ] z 
s[iw] |a‘s‘w}] s‘tw | 21 rsa) snynf | £ 
| la ea Sz seinen dole fe, 
cl La Lz "YJ snorown yy I 
li ALi T Si “YS Ue] IsaUOZT i 
Wd | Wa | WS S LI IITA Atuapy | £ 
Pa |ysoalq fo ydu\nrsz yz \oy stad sa|pnyssjuy 
Py ‘ujononpuy |+1z shejg nog | z 
W W gl aug aseq | z 
| Gt | gi "US preg) =! 
pa ‘a | Pa Lal] Wea | St a yyy | + 
W W W v1 prey eq] 
W W iy JIyIOIg Jopiq | z 
W W ZI aseiueyy “qq | z 
aie So jon Se (ots 2: pooyasey Iqqd} £ 
cl i Iz |*D mM jo woIsng | z 
la a ld PA ‘TA | £2 | a8uesayspidng] £ 
ac 1 Wd |W ‘a}] 4% quiooxoy | £ ¢ 
| | | a | a | a | a | a I I Rt ae sition (ee 
ld 1 ld Iz ureidey | z 
i lI oz vonpuog | I 
W 11 Jayioig Apooig | + 
wa Lal | ra (fa) | 21 upeyy jo mtg] £ / 
W W W oz ysng sivddeg | £ 
el W WwW yee ypoavuseg | Zz 
at ene GE 8 fb 9 5 + £ Zz I $2U39$ sioyny 
OS jo keig jo 
"ON TH0L, pon 


I 
saus0g pur DY 


515 


Summary of Findings 


Ma 


TH 


ld 


I | | 
W 


YX ‘snjroy> puz 


a 
Wo) tt} | 


Id | a 


ld 


Ss 


W 
1K 


M1 
W 


MW 
ld 
Rt 
lA 
lA 
lA 


W 
W 


Gt ld 
ld ld 
a a 
ld Gt 
ai PI 
ct ld 
ld ld 
PIN PIA 

W 
GI I 
S S 
W ld 
W W 
lI ld 
ld a 
I i 
W W 

W XG ‘on Joyo jsI 
ld cI 
ict WW 
a i “a 
I I “a 
ct la 

PIN ‘Tl ‘af 
I cI 
a a 
ct GI 
cI ict 
ld GI 

W ‘a W ‘et 
cl wt ‘[ 
W W 
W W 


Li 
IZ 
61 
gI 
gz 


Pasea[g wawo0 
IZ g 8 WeUIO AA 
Jaqey-UeUIO Ay 
“Wo MOqIAM ITM 
"M ‘Aas 18 IAA 
"YD Ps008-PIt 
“WC ® 40F ALMA 
MOPT AM 

uewio My AIA 
Wen USle A 


‘SUT FGON OMT, 


Axrory T, 
ajeing ystuedg 
ade A0A-tag 
Apery [nyui0sg 
SMF eet 
"3 Jo usang) 


ssajaydorg 
ws 
Jaqseplyg 

‘juaD) FIGoN 
TOyTEM-IYSTN 
Inoye A 21N 
seuloy.y, "JAI 
Apasery, 8 prey 
TRIAL "3 & Pr 
I2A0T prey 
yalqng eho 
"301g $ JOA0'T 
*I3[Ig § dAO'T 
dIND s 2AOT 

me es Ba | 


Me ANN MMH NN Sw we Hea Se 


ame 
Loe) 
WY 


NFPOAN Ss BH ANNE MANA N & 


tn en | 


516 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


A 6 Apurs jo smeryT Zz 

a a d d a a q [tt | ‘ds -pjovyr| z 
il il al GI WW gi eye jo yy} fF 

rat q $1 |Sury on pue 3ury Zz 

S STN | STN | S$ ‘IW Li wesea snynf | £ 

Wo} wa | wt kl il ld il tl | Sz ssaoullg purysy | 1 
1 il lA tl il Lz ‘YJ snoroumyy | 1 

Pa ‘AA AF M i $1 | ‘gq s,aryy ysouopy | = 8 

S a ‘S | WTA | Wi Li IITA 4tuayz | ft 

Pa PA PA PA PA 

souozy Joy dunisy, |+1z skelg InoJ Z 

ll il A gl auQ asjeq | Zz 

tl lA il tl gi ‘yg Tyyeg | 1 

Wea ta] Cea) a | (ead | St “Iq yey | + 

M M M M v1 prey] eq | Fv 

Gl cl Gt GI Li dYyolg Japiq | Zz 

GI GI I WW Li ase, “qd | Zz 

WL UL att 44'S } 7} pooypsey “T4q | £ 

W W W W \ Ba 6%, oy jo ulojsn7) Z 

i ee PA wa  |pa lal) pa fz | e8uasey s.pidng | £ 

d Gl ld “a GI vz quiooxoy | 

GI il cl cl gz ssoury | I 

1 Gl 1Z urejdes Z 

il la Gl GI oz vonpuog | I 

Gl ll cl Et Jayjoig Apoorg y 

Wa | uw Li ual jo yg | £ 

q W ‘a ld “a q Oz ysng ,siv3dagq £ 

i I Gt ld GI lA W Lz yeavureg | Zz 

6 g Us 9 i + ¢ 2 I saua3¢ sioyyny 

‘See en jo keg jo 
“ON [230 “ON 


II 


Sous0g pue JOY 


517 


Summary of Findings 


I ld lH ld TH Td 


lao} la ld i ld ld 

q a 

cl WW ld GI ld 

xX a  |lpw‘al]| Pw 

WA lA ld 

| la ld ld ld iG 

PI PA 

W ‘a W W 
Wo} la lA ld ld ei Ta 
lA ld ld i ld ‘S 

W i ld W 

ld ld ld ld 

WUtal} Ww 

ld lA a 

tl ld Wd ld 

WW ll ld Gi 

W W W 

ic tl 

WW “a a ld “a a 

WwW ‘a | WW ‘a 

ld ld tl ld 
PIN ‘Tl 

Gl Gl ld ld ld 

lA d 

Y YW 

ld WW el 

ia ld ld ld Gl 
Wa | Wa] w | Wa 

ld l ld id 

Word et 

ld Gl Gl 


paseatg uso Ay 
aZlIg s ULUIO AA 
Jo]eY-ULUIO AA 
AC PO qr EM. 
"AA ‘Aas 38 AA 
"YD 28008-PITM 
re Se 
AAODE AN. 

uewio Ay 419A 
UeTUTUSTe A. 


SUT] ATGON OT, 


ALITY J, 
ajeing ystueds 
a8vhoa-tag 
AperT [nyurosg 
HH Ad | 
"cs Jo usangy 


ssajaydorg 
wT g 
Josey 

"Udy FIGON 
roy[eM-I43IN 
INOTe A 291NV 
seumoy T, ‘W 
Apasery, 8 prey 
THIN Ou? SE PRIN 
INAO'T pry 
yoalqng jekory 
“B01 8 JaA0'T 
"I3][Ig $8 2AOT 
dIND S$ dA0'T 
ET 


Me AANA DME ANAS SB HTH Ae 


fam 
Loe) 


NPMA RRNA HEH MANA WH 


518 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


Ill 
sauaog pur YW 


a a A 6 Apues jo savy Zz 

a dl a a q@. }ts2 ‘d ‘qompyjovy} z 

Gl W W i gi rye jo iy} 

a a d $1 |sury ony pur Bury | z 

S S S ZI Ivseyy suupnf £ 

1 GI el Sz ssaoullg purjsy | 1 

GI GI GI GI GI GI GI Lz ‘YJ snosounyfy | 1 
W ‘a | JAS | WW ‘AA $1 | ‘gq suey isouozy | = S 

la ‘S cl “1 ITA Asuazy | f 

Pa PA PA PA PA PA 

aao7y fo y dunt s J, +12z shkerg Inoy zZ 

el cl ll I gi sug asjeq | Zz 

cl gl "yg yuey | 1 

PA “a a PA é S13 ‘ig yyeg] + 

A W “A v1 prey meq | ¢ 

tl la WW cl cl “i pYIoIg Jepyy | Zz 

cI W ‘Ta | W Ta “1 aseiueyy ‘1Gq | z 

eeeit 1 ee ere Pd pooyaseg “1qq} £ 

W W la la lA Iz | "Dd ay jo wosng |] z 

la Wa sf dq £z aduaAoy s pidny ¢ 

ld “a la Wi | v7 quiooxog | £ 

ld i tl cl cl gz ssouryy | 1 

GI GI GI cl GI GI Iz ureidey | Zz 
cl iW il lA tl oz vonpuog | I 

Gl WW Xx II Jayjoig Apoorg y 

ld “a YW YW YW ai falta); 21 up jo pug] € 
Gt GI GI ld GI oz ysng sivddag | £ 

Gl WwW ial d W cl LZ yoavuieg zZ 

Hi 9 S + £ Z I s3U39¢ si0Iyny 

ee jo keg jo 
‘ON [30L “ON 


519 


Summary of Findings 


ld 
Gt 
Gt dq ‘Wa 
Gt 
ld Gt Gl Gt 
4S ‘lH 1 
la MW 
ct WW 
W ‘a GI 
a 


a Ne Le ee eee 


TA 
Ra 


TH 


lH 
Ra 
1 


ld 


I 


a 
4S Tal 


WW 
tw a 
lI 


Ra 
Lf 
a 
MW 


I 
PII 
W ‘We 
I 
GI 
W “a 
W 


Ra 


PIN ‘a 


aé 
W 


i ld 
GI I 
d li ‘a 
GI ld 
PIN 
Ww 
WW cI 
PIN PIN 
I GI 
GI WW 
S S 
[wld] wa 
Ww cl 
W ‘Ta 
i i 
GI GI 
Pa PA 
GI GI 
i cI 
MW “a d 
ld “a GI 
Ww cl 
PN ‘Ia ‘a [PN ‘ta ‘a] 
GI WwW 
a a 
GI u 
lw GI 
GI GI 
W W 
GI ww 
ih f 
GI W 


pasea[g usulo A 
IZ1Ig $ UUIO AA 
Ia}¥Y-UeUO AA 
WF OES EA 
“MM ‘A2S 38 ITAA 
"YD 28008-PTEM 
EP 405, SENN. 
SAOPENL 

uewio jy Ala A 
UerUrjUaTe A. 


“SUTY eTGFON OMT, 


ALIONY T, 
ayeing ystuedg 
a3eA0A-vag 
Ape] [nyus09g 
PAKS SIR, 
"sd Jo uaanG 


ssajoydoig 
ws 

Jayseplyg 
VEIN 
ToyyeM-IYSIN| 
IMO[eA 2IN 
sewmouy, "Jl 
Apasery, § prey] 
HENS) Ut Pre 
I9AO'T pe 
yoalqng [edo 
"30g $ 19A0'T 
“I3[Iq $,2A0T 
21ND $2A0'T 

ie 32 Sd 


Me ANAMMH AN HK HB HTH Ae 


oN 
Lop] 
Ww 


N PON SH ANN KH HMNAN 


520 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


A A 6 Apues josmey| z 


a a I “a a a q jtse ‘d ‘qm jovy| z 

W ‘el W cl WT | 8! eye jo Ty] Of 

a il GI tl $1 |8ury ony pure Bury | z 

q ‘S S “i Ieses snynf | £ 

al GI cl GI GI Sz ssaoullg purysy | 1 

Wo | Gl Gl el lM tl il Lz ‘YJ snoroumpy | I 

PA PA $1 | ‘q savy ysouozy | 

cl lH ‘S Li IITA Atuapy | o£ 

Gl al lA cl A | 

y\svagq fo y\duntsy, |+-1z shefg anog Zz 

Gl Gl GI gl auO asjeq | z 

GI GI A el tl gi "ys yueg | 

pa = JW ta ‘all LSpy dpa ‘a (ta]} | $1 ‘ry yyueg | + 

W‘M | A ‘TA v1 prey aeq}| + 

Gl WW ld GI Li DyoIg Jepiq | z 

Ww GI W |W “i ase [qq | z 

UL ‘a | was; 41 pooyaseg Taq] £ 

GI | I W W IZ | *d ayy jo woysng | z 

PA GI Gi la a fz | adusaey s.pidng} £ 

mw | ‘al} wa I la WW GI a vz quiooxoy | £ 

| GI GI gz ssouryy | I 

ld “a WW Gt GI GI Iz ureydey | z 

GI i GI WW oz vonpuog | I 

Xa { { ri Jayjoig Apoorg + 

u aé a é aé UW TA LI Ue jo wg) £ 

wal} la Gl Gl il GI oz ysng sie3dog | £ 

W| W ld ld Gt Gt Gt ld Lz yoavuseg | Zz 
6 g Mb 9 ¢ + € Z I 82U29 sioyny 

—  —  ———— SSS jo keg jo 

Al “ON [301 “ON 


sous0g pur JV 


522 


Summary of Findings 


ld 


ld ld 
Gt Gt 
Gi Gt 
Gt 
Gt GI GI W 
| 
Pal 
W W 
a d a 
d ld “a 


4S ‘TH | 4S Ta cl 


co 
ea 
co 
es 
ea 
co 


Gl Gl 

GI GI GI | 
W ‘et 

W 


WA |W aA} W cI 


ld 
4S ‘Ta 


la 
a 
u 
I 
ld 
W 
a 
W 
ld 


Gl 
qd 
Gi 
Gl 
Pa L'a] 
hl 
Gi 
U 
tl 
Gl 
W 
te 
W 
ul 


Pesea[g usulo 
aZlIg S$ ,ULUIO AA 
Jo1ey-UeUIO 
“WI JOU ITAA 
“AA ‘Aas 1B AA 
"YD 28008-PIL MA 
W 2 40F SM 
MOPILM 

uewio A, Alo A 
ULIUTUITE A 


PEL IIONE SSS. 


ALIN J, 
aqeing ystuedg 
a3vhoa-vag 
Apery [nyuiosg 
EM © ee 
"cd Jo uzanG 


ssajoydoig 
unistid 

roIsep yg 

SS). AON, 
Joy[eM-IYSIN 
IMO[eA IN 
seulouy, "J 
Apasery, s prey 
THN, 2%. St prey 
I2AO'T prey] 
yoalqng ekorT 
"SOIg S$ 19A0'T 
*IS[Ig 8 ,2A0T 
31ND S$ dA0'T 


1 Ad START 


Me NNANANHMeHA NNN Te Qe 


Law 
Loe) 
wa 


N+tPMON RF KP NANAe MONAAS 


522 The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 


A 6 Apuvs josmeyT | z 
rst da da +$z ‘dd op py] = 
Pal PA gi wey jo yy | £ 
a I a lA $1 |sury on pure dury | z 
sliw) S IW IW S ‘TIN Lo ies) snynf | £ 
Ma 1K Wa I lA Sz sssourrg purysy | 1 
lH lH ld WW lA Le ‘VJ snorowmyy I 
PA ‘WH sf ld $1 |‘ suey isouozy |S 
WW M1 I GI $ Li IITA 4tuapz | o£ 
TA] “Te(ay plue sajpnyiajay sowey | la ic 1 
amity, foy\dumisy \+1z skejg nog | z 
W W W W gI ag aseq | Zz 
I ll lA lH 1 81 4S Tyme I 
Pal PA $1 ‘aq ryqueg | + 
A‘a | M M v1 PEN eq] Fv 
W W ‘WI Li Jayjoig J9plq Zz 
W W ld lA AI ager Idd |Z 
qa [‘s]} WL Ta v1 pooyasjeyq [dq € 
W ‘ld W W W W Iz |*d ajo wong | Zz 
PA ‘TA lH MW PA tz aBusaay s,pidng ¢ 
i “a da d bz quiooxoy | £ 
1G WW lV gz sgoueys) I 
WW ‘a | I “a ld ld “a lA Iz ureides) | z 
lH lH lH 1 I O@ FonPpaod I 
il W ‘TA II Joyjo0ig Apoolg a4 
u u £1 ue jo Wag | £ 
W ‘a IW TW ‘al (oz ysng ,sieddog £ 
Ge Wi WW ‘W Lz yoavuieg Zz 
Olea. = oF 2 Le Fag S y £ Zz I saua2g sioyny 
pp ay ap ST a Sik Ss i = => ae jo keg jo 
A "ON [830L ‘ON 


sousdg pur IY 


523 


Summary of Findings 


Lea 


lA 


Rt 


Ma 


Rt 


lA 


I 


MW 


ld “a 


la 


Ka 


MW 


a 
Md 


TH 
Ra 
a 
1 
X ‘@ 
ld 
ld 


W 
ld 
S 
ld 
ld 
W 
d 
ld 
W 


la 
ll 
da 


oz 
£z 


ZI 
gI 


paseatg woul0 Ay 
2ZLIg 8 UPUIO A 
Ja}eY-UeUIO A 
“WW oInouItM ITM 
"AA “428 38 ITA 
"YD 28008-pit MA 
“WC ® 40F AM 
MOPTM 

ueuio A AIDA. 
uerUTUTe A 


Pe eN oA 


Austy,T, 
ajyeing ystuedg 
adeA0A-8ag 
ApeT [nyui0sg 
FIM ® 2NY 
"2 Jo aang) 


ssajoydorg 

wns itd 
Josey 

"UID FIG0N 
Joy[eEM-IYSINT 
INOTe A IN 
seuloy Ty, "Jl 
Apasery, $ prey 
TENG DE Pie 
I2AO'T pry 
yalqng [eAoT 
"301g $ JOA0'T 
“IZ[Iq 8 2A0T 
21ND) 8 dAOrT 


“TD 4a? ptT 


Me NANA MMH AN SB Bw He Qs 


NFtON B= BNNK MANAN HH 


Conclusion. 


HERE are two things I wish to say in conclusion. 

The first is that this work has been done under 
enormous disadvantages, far away from my books. The 
access kindly given me to several American university 
libraries has helped me greatly, but it has not enabled 
me to supply the complete bibliography of the subject 
I should have liked to give. I have preferred to con- 
tent myself with the brief bibliographical note at the 
beginning of the volume rather than to give something 
purporting to be complete and not being so. 

The other remark I wish to make is, that I have 
striven not to be dogmatic or unfair. I do not think it 
would have been possible for any one to have been 
readier to consider without prejudice views opposed to 
his own, and I have not hesitated to point out facts 
opposed to my theories. This attempt to be fair and to 
have no other object than the ascertainment of the 
truth may frequently make my views seem more un- 
certain than they really are, just as my open admission 
of errors may excite the ridicule of those who have no 
conception of the difficulty of such work, or who, be- 
cause they do recognize it, have never had the courage 
to attempt the task. 

Further investigation by more competent scholars will 
probably convict me of errors of reasoning and of judg- 
ment. I am quite prepared to believe it. Several of my 
conclusions may fail to gain acceptance. I have no com- 
plaint to make if they do so fail. Regarding many I 
feel fairly confident; but there are others which I ad- 


Conclusion Spgs 


vance hesitatingly. Such are the cases in which I be- 
lieve I have to deal with the early Beaumont or the 
early Fletcher or in which I have to distinguish between 
Beaumont and his close follower, Field. 

If this work be helpful in inducing other and younger 
scholars to take up a particularly fascinating task, in 
which they may easily outdistance my slight accomplish- 
ment, I shall have my reward for the time and thought 
I have devoted to what has been truly a labor of love. 


FINIS 


APPENDIX 
The Faithful Friends. 


It was not till this work was in type and practically ready 
for publication that I was able to obtain a copy of The Faith- 
ful Friends (in Weber’s edition of ““The Works of Beau- 
mont and Fletcher”), for reconsideration in view of the 
information given me by Dr. Samuel A. Tannenbaum. It 
seems advisable then that I should incorporate the results of 
this reconsideration in a postscript. It is, however, matter for 
regret that I have not available for study the original manu- 
script of the play. All I can build on are the reproductions 
of various pages, kindly lent me by Dr. Tannenbaum, and 
the notes in Weber’s edition of the play. 

Excluding alterations, corrections, and the filling up of 
lacunz, there are three hands observable in the manuscript. 
The first supplies the title, the list of characters, and the first 
three pages, ending with “Ruf. How, Marius?” in scene 1, 
and also the last page, which consists of the play’s last two 
speeches. The second writer is responsible for all the rest, 
with the exception of IV. 4, which is in a third hand. (If the 
dumb show at the conclusion of IV. 1 be reckoned as a separate 
scene, this will, of course, be IV. 5.) The manuscript is evi- 
dently a prompter’s copy. 

The first thing to be remarked is that the main hand is 
that of a scribe—someone engaged to make a clean copy for 
the prompter. The proof of this seems to me perfectly clear. 
In II. 2 he put Dindimus’ name in a sidehead; but the speech 
itself, “Your curtaled Gime,” had to be filled in by another 
(Weber says, “in the later hand”), the inference being plain 
that the scribe could not read what the author had written. 
Again, in III. 3, in the line 


Which shed, Titus Martius, by the gods of Rome, 


Appendix 527 


a blank was left for the name, which was supplied later “by 
another hand.” This case seems to me much less convincing 
than the other, since it is difficult to conceive of the scribe as 
being unable to read the name of one of the most prominent 
characters in the piece. Perhaps the author had, by a slip, given 
the wrong name, and the intelligent scribe, perceiving the er- 
ror, thought it advisable to leave a blank for the author to fill 
in. In IV. 1, the fourteenth line similarly had a gap, appar- 
ently because of the author’s illegibility. Here the word “weari- 
ness” was supplied ‘‘in another apparently modern hand.” In 
IV. 2 another of these lacunz occurs, one line being given as 


See that a banquet be prepared, 


space being left for a missing word, which, however, was 
allowed to remain missing. Similarly, in the next scene, we 
have 


Is this the devil’s I am gone. 


It seems to me that, in the light of these instances, we need 
have no doubt that the main writer of the manuscript was 
merely one engaged in making a fair copy. 

The next question to be considered is, what was the rela- 
tion of the writer of the beginning and the end of the play 
(Dr. Tannenbaum’s “B’’) to this scribe (whom he calls “A’”)? 
This is a problem by no means easy of solution. Was he the 
(or an) original author? was he what is now known as a 
play-doctor? was he a later reviser? or was he merely an- 
other scribe? Weber assumes for him the position of reviser 
of the original play, which he regards as by “A.” That view 
is certainly partly wrong, and may be wholly wrong. 

We have seen that the dramatis persone is in the hand 
of “B”; it is to be noted that the alterations also on that 
page are in his hand. I do not attach a great deal of impor- 
tance to the alteration in the description of Marius: it may 
have been merely the correction of a slip; but the alteration 


528 Appendix 


in the description of Rufinus, Learchus, and Leontius can 
scarcely be the work of a copyist. (It seems to me that, after 
scratching out the word “Villains,” the writer started to write 
something else, and then changed it to “Soldiers.”) It does 
not follow that this is the work of the author, or one of the 
authors, of the play: it may have been supplied by another, 
fulfilling the prompter’s requirements. From this circum- 
stance, there is not, in my opinion, any sound deduction to be 
made. 

The other alteration, if it be not, as I believe, a correction 
of a mere slip, assumes considerable importance. The impli- 
cation is, in that case, that the play has undergone a material 
rewriting. If that be so, “B” is to be regarded as either a 
reviser or a scribe writing out the work of a reviser. But, 
though, as I have pointed out, the play has almost certainly 
undergone rewriting, I am not of the opinion that we should 
regard so seriously the alteration in the description of Marius. 
It seems to me that the immediate recognition of a blunder 
affords the most plausible explanation of the fact. The cir- 
cumstance that the word “brother” was not even completed 
points in that direction. 

Why then are the opening and the close of the play in a 
different hand from that in which the body of the piece is 
written? Did “B” begin the fair copy of a play that he had 
written, do three pages, then hand it over to a scribe, and take 
it from him to write out himself the last two speeches? That 
idea is preposterous. Nor need we consider all the work in 
“A’s” hand to be by one writer, and that in the hand of “B” 
to be by another; the fact that “A” is a copyist renders that 
unnecessary. Is “B” then a reviser of the original work? Here 
let us note that the numbering of the pages is continuous 
(excluding from consideration for the moment IV. 4). Is 
“B’s” portion then the work of a reviser who was dissatisfied 
with the beginning and the ending, and rewrote them? Be- 
fore answering that question, it would be well to know whether 


Appendix 529 


the writing on page 3 fills the page or not; and this un- 
fortunately I have no means of knowing. If it do not, it is 
fair to assume that it was later revisory work, taking the 
place of three cancelled pages; if it do (and, in view of 
the extent of the matter on page 1, I judge that this is 
the case, “‘B’s” remaining lines being just sufficient, at the 
same rate, for the filling of another two pages), it would 
seem as if “‘B” wrote the first three pages, and then handed 
the work over to “A,” in which case these two hands are of 
the one date. But there is another explanation, which I be- 
lieve to be the correct one: “‘B” was, like “‘A,” a scribe, but 
of a somewhat later date; he was commissioned merely to 
supply a list and description of the characters and to re-do the 
first three pages and the last page, which had suffered from 
wear and tear, as such pages are apt to suffer. If this theory 
be correct, and I see no good reason to doubt it, the whole 
of the MS. with the exception of IV. 4 is in the hands of 
scribes. 

What then of IV. 4? That it is an insertion is obvious from 
the fact that the page which contains it is not numbered, and 
also because at the end of the previous scene in the manu- 
script is “The Plott of a Scene of Mirth, to conclude the 
Fourth Act.”? What follows describes the scene which appears 
on the odd sheet, and ends with the words “Finis 4 Act.” There 
are two possible explanations: the original author may have 
intended this to be given in dumb show, and later someone 
thought it might be well to provide words for it; or, the 
words of the scene having been lost, a “plott” was supplied 
from memory, and later the scene was found and incorpo- 
rated. I am inclined to adopt the latter of these alternatives, 
though all the critics are agreed in regarding the scene as a 
late insertion. That it is in the author’s autograph seems 
more than likely, since one speech (inserted in the margin, in 
the handwriting of the rest of the scene) has undergone what 
looks like an author’s correction. To regard the scene as an old 


530 cA ppendix 


fragment recovered and replaced solves most of the problems 
that puzzled me, to which I refer on page 362. I no longer 
have to regard the hand that is the most old-fashioned as 
being the latest of the three; and am glad that, despite Dr. 
Tannenbaum’s assurance that Massinger in 1629 was em- 
ploying the old English script with certain Italian elements 
(precisely as in this unnumbered sheet), I have not to sup- 
pose that Massinger at a late date supplied this childish scene. 

The question of the authorship of the scene remains to be 
considered. I accorded it to Field, and see no reason to alter 
my determination. Though I accept Dr. Tannenbaum’s pro- 
nouncement that it is a Massinger autograph, I can neither 
believe that it is later in date than the manuscript of Believe 
as you list nor accept it as the composition of Massinger. It 
shows not a trace of his style, and, it seems to me, cannot pos- 
sibly have emanated from him in his maturity. It would tax 
one’s credulity to accept it as his work even in his early days, 
when his manner was yet unformed or only in process of 
formation. What worried me in connection with my division 
of the play was to find a scene in Massinger’s hand which 
was not in his manner and other portions of the play in his 
style yet not in his hand. The latter difficulty disappeared 
when I realized that the play as a whole was not in the au- 
thors’ writing. The other remains; yet there too there may be 
no need to regard the writer as the author. In 1613-4 Mas- 
singer had not attained a prominent position, and may well 
have been required to make a clean copy of a scene by Field 
that was not particularly legible, especially as Field, being a 
leading actor, had his time fairly well occupied otherwise. 
That is the view I adopt, rather than one that would make 
the scene the work of Massinger before he had developed even 
the first glimmerings of his distinctive style. 

As for the corrections in the manuscript, these are some- 
times, according to Weber, in “a later” or “more modern” 
hand, sometimes in “an old” hand, sometimes, vaguely, in 


Appendix 531 


“another” hand. One may judge from this that they are not 
all in the one hand. The alterations are not of much moment. 
In II. 1 we have a quite new line, “We are not disposed to 
pray” substituted for nine lines marked for omission. In II. 2 
there is another entire alteration of a line because the whole 
of the Rufinus-Philadelpha dialogue was marked for omis- 
sion; but afterwards the passage was restored, to judge by the 
“stet’’ written “in a more modern hand.” In the same scene 
a speech is added. In IV. 2 “‘What’s this toy?” is altered to 
“See, the king’s entranced!” and the succeeding seven lines 
are marked for omission. Most or all of the alterations in these 
scenes are, if Weber is to be trusted, in a later hand; those in 
I. 2 are in an old English hand. One insertion is that men- 
tioned on p. 361. When the soldiers come in with drum and 
colors, the reviser strikes out the word “drum,” and substi- 
tutes “constable” for “colours,” though the Constable is al- 
ready on the stage. The line 


To have nothing but my wits to live upon 


is changed to 


To have no other living but my wits. 


All these alterations are so slight that it is hardly worth while 
to bother about them. 

In conclusion, a few odd notes. On p. 360, I was misled 
by a modern editor into speaking of “‘tapsters and messengers” 
in the dramatis persone. The only supernumeraries mentioned 
on the title-page of the manuscript are Lictors, Senators, and 
Messengers. On pages 363 and 364 I connect with Field a 
passage and a phrase that occur in that opening portion of the 
first scene which I ascribe to Massinger. I should, in fact, have 
awarded I. 1a to Field and Massinger, instead of to Massin- 
ger alone, regarding Massinger’s work as based on Field’s, 
though the first four speeches show no sign of the lesser and 
earlier man. 


522 Appendix 


Although, then, I declare on p. 363 my readiness to con- 
fess myself mistaken, I no longer feel that I am. To have 
Massinger’s work in the handwriting of another does not 
overwhelm me now that I recognize that other for a scribe, 
and even to have in Massinger’s hand work that is not his does 
not seem to me now an insuperable difficulty. I am indeed, if 
anything, a little surer than I was, by reason of the discovery 
of the presence of Massinger. If I be right in that, when no 
one else suspected his connection with the play, I may, I feel, 
be right also in regard to those whom I regard as the other 
participants. 


Since the above was written, I have asked Dr. Tannenbaum 
to favor me further by reconsidering his verdict upon the 
probable date of the Massinger autograph, the scene IV. 4. 
The opinion expressed as the result of his examination is as 
follows: 


“The Massinger inscription in a copy of his Duke of Milan 
(1623) was undoubtedly written some years before the manu- 
script of Believe as you list. The handwriting in the former is 
almost wholly old English, is neat, slightly ornamental, care- 
ful, and vigorous; in the latter the writing is decidedly care- 
less, much less ornate, more uniformly shaded, some old Eng- 
lish letters (e.g., ‘a,’ ‘b,’ ‘c,’?) have disappeared, and the 
writing is liberally mixed with Roman letters. In the two 
pages of The Faithful Friends the writing is coarser than in 
Believe as you list, and is much more freely mixed with 
modern Roman letters. I am of the opinion, therefore, that 
the addition to The Faithful Friends was written a few years 
after Believe as you list, about 1635.” 


If that view of the relationship of the three autographs be 
correct, I, still firm in the belief that Massinger cannot have 
been responsible for the composition of this scene that is in his 


Appendix 533 


writing, am driven to the conclusion that, for a revival of the 
play towards the end of his career, Massinger copied out a 
recovered scene of Field’s, perhaps because it was very dilapi- 
dated, perhaps because it was not very legible. The only stum- 
bling-block is the correction to the speech added in the margin. 
All I can suggest is, that Massinger, starting to copy out this 
speech, which he had omitted by oversight, came to the con- 
clusion that he could better it. He may have regarded the word 
“riddle” (if it be really “riddle”: it is also read “rival’’?) as 
not appropriate (as indeed it is not) and have decided to sub- 
stitute “periphrasis.” The objection to regarding the correction 
as the work of a copyist applies just as much to 1613-4 as to 
the late ’thirties. I do not profess to regard my explanation of 
the probable course of events as entirely satisfactory; but, 
granting (1) that the writing is Massinger’s and (2) that the 
verse is not his, I see no better way of accounting for the 
phenomena. 


Thierry and T heodoret. 


Being far from satisfied with the results of my investiga- 
tions of this tragedy, and having to re-read it in connection 
with a course on Beaumont and Fletcher at the University of 
Virginia, I have taken advantage of the opportunity to study 
it once more, to see if I could come to any definite conclusion 
as to the presence of Beaumont. I have to confess that I have 
made no advance. The only changes I have to make in my allot- 
ment are the following minor ones: the opening scene is not 
entirely Fletcher’s, his work having been overwritten by Mas- 
singer, from whom come the first five speeches, the rest of the 
scene being mainly Fletcher’s; regarding II.2 I am very 
doubtful, but I am more inclined to regard it as Beaumont’s 
than as Fletcher’s; while in III. 1b it’ is not Beaumont, but 
Fletcher, on whom Massinger’s work is based. 


534 Appendix 


It may be worth while to point out the resemblance in style 
between Fletcher’s work in Henry VIII and the dialogue be- 
tween Ordella and Thierry in IV.1 of this play and the 
dialogue between Thierry and Brunhalt in the closing scene. 

The little use made of Memberge is singular, and may 
perhaps be an indication of either abbreviation or alteration. 
In two scenes she does not speak. 

One may notice also the use of the word “parricide” as 
meaning a mother’s murder of her son. This occurs both in IV. 
2 and in V. 1b. It would be reasonable to attribute both pas- 
sages to the one writer; but I cannot do so. In the one case it 
seems to me Massinger who is responsible; in the other, not; 
yet in II. 1 we have Massinger using the word as meaning 
matricide. 

On pages 65 and 66, when dealing with Massinger’s phrase- 
ology, I mentioned his fondness for “though” and “although,” 
the conjunctive “yet,” “rather” (as indicating preference, but 
without “than’’), “nor,” and “nay.” I have applied the test 
to this play, with entirely satisfactory results, except in the 
case of “nor,” which I have considered only when it has a 
verb entirely to itself. It occurs five times in the portions I 
attribute wholly to Massinger, twice in portions he overwrote, 
and seven times elsewhere. “Nay” is found 21 times in Mas- 
singer scenes (18 of these being wholly his), and seven times 
elsewhere; “‘yet,” eleven times in scenes wholly by Massinger, 
eight times in scenes in which he was not concerned ; “though,” 
seventeen times where he is seen alone, thrice where he is seen 
as a reviser, and twice where he is not found; “although,” four 
times in scenes wholly Massinger’s, never elsewhere; and 
“rather,” five times where Massinger is seen alone, and never 
where he is not seen. In the case of the last-named three, it is 
evident then that we have here a very distinguishing character- 
istic of Massinger—at least, when considered in relation to 
Beaumont and Fletcher. 


As, however, one play does not afford a satisfactory test, 


Appendix 535 


I have also examined in this connection Valentinian (for 
Fletcher alone), 4 King and no King (for both Beaumont 
and Fletcher), and The Spanish Curate (for Fletcher and 
Massinger). I find that in the four plays examined, having 
regard to the proportions of their several contributions, Mas- 
singer uses “though” fully six times as frequently as Fletcher, 
and nearly seven times as frequently as Beaumont; “nor” 
(in the limited way in which I have taken it into considera- 
tion), more than three times as often as Beaumont, and nearly 
fifty per cent more than Fletcher; and “rather” (as previ- 
ously specified), ten times as often as Fletcher, and two and 
a half times as much as Beaumont. His use of “nay” is about 
double, and his employment of the conjunctive “yet” slightly 
in excess of, that of either of the others. “Although,” which 
is peculiar to him, occurs only in Thierry. 

To sum up, I would say that Massinger’s frequent use of 
“though” and “rather” (without “than”) is worthy of note; 
but the importance of the fact lies not in the frequency of his 
use of these not uncommon words, but in the individual man- 
ner of his employment of them and in their relation to his 
syntactical methods. 


The Spanish Curate. 


I find that, by an oversight, I have not included in my 
remarks upon The Spanish Curate my notes upon the char- 
acter who appears as Angelo. He serves no purpose, and ap- 
pears in but two scenes. In I. 1 he speaks but twice, and his 
remarks might be given to Arsenio. It is to be noted that the 
seventeenth speech of the scene is in the first folio given to 
Arsenio, but correctly in the second to Ascanio. Precisely the 
same thing occurs again in the twenty-second, the second folio 
again being correct. This speech is followed by one of the 
two wrongly given to Angelo, the result probably of the scribe 


536 Appendix 


of the playhouse copy used for the first folio realizing that it 
would not do for two speeches by Arsenio to come together, 
and altering the correct one, instead of the wrong one. Prob- 
ably, in the earlier case (speech 20), he thought that Angelo 
should be given something to say. In II. 3, the only other 
scene of Angelo’s appearance, he is not mentioned in the Stage 
Directions of the folios (which do not allow for his pres- 
ence), but is addressed in the opening speech. In most of the 
modern editions this is given— 


Angelo, Milanes, did you see this wonder? — 


an inquiry to which Milanes alone replies. Angelo, as a sepa- 
rate entity, cannot indeed do so, since Milanes and Arsenio 
were the only two who had been present on the occasion re- 
ferred to (II. 1). The fact is, that there is no Angelo, that 
he is merely an invention of the maker of the playhouse copy. 
In “Gerardo” there is a character named Angelo Milanes. Him 
the play scribe made into two by the simple insertion of a 
comma between the two names. M’Kerrow, therefore, in his 
edition of the play, rightly omits Angelo as a separate character. 

Fleay makes some definite, but not entirely correct, state- 
ments regarding the two authors’ differing use of names. Mas- 
singer has both Milanes and Angelo Milanes in Stage Direc- 
tions. Fletcher has Milanes in Stage Directions, and Angelo 
Milanes in the text. Massinger calls the scene of the play 
Corduba, and accents it, wrongly, on the second syllable; 
Fletcher calls it Cordova, and there is no saying how he pro- 
nounces it, since the name occurs only in prose. Massinger 
has Bartolus twice; Fletcher has Bartdlus once, but in two 
other cases the name seems to be accented on the first syllable, 
though one cannot speak positively on the matter. Finally, in 
III. 1, Fletcher calls the officer of justice the assistant, a 
literal but not very satisfactory translation of his title, while 
Massinger, in III. 3, gives him his correct Spanish title, “as- 
sistente.”” 


Index of General Views and Comments. 


Actors’ lists, Importance of, 115, 
129-130, 482-483 

Ascertainment of authors’ styles, 
26-27 


Bibliography, ix, 524 


Catch phrases, 497 

Chronological Divisions, 110-115 

Chronological Survey, 499-509 

Collaboration, 21-22 

Collection ascriptions, Value of, 
468 


Discrimination, Grounds of, 29- 
31 

Double titles, 304, 414, 420 

Dramatists available for partici- 
pation, 17-20, 122-126 


Expletives and ejaculations, 82-83, 
400 

External evidence, Disregard of, 
8, 12-14 


Herbert’s Office-book, Importance 
of, 110-115 


‘Imitation theories, 346, 355, 425 

Impermeability to new ideas as a 
symptom of superiority, 10 

Internal evidence, Attitude to- 
wards, 12-13 


Length of plays, 441 
Lost plays, 107 


Metrical tests, 4-5 


Moseley, publisher of first folio, 

14-15, 17, 18 

Publishing trick, 95-97, 240- 
Zaid, 251-252 

Good faith regarding Cardenio, 
286-289 

Good faith regarding The 
Faithful Friends, 354, 357 


Namelessness of characters, 200- 
201, 441-443 


Order of plays for study, 27-29 


Parallels, Danger of, 480-481 

Participation of contributors to 
the collection, Extent of, 513 

Play-endings, 36 

Prejudice suppressing consistency, 
8 

Revision distinguishable from 
collaboration, 7-8 

Revision, Frequency of, 20-22 


Scene division, System of, 510 
Scenes, Number of, 58, 510-512 
Scholastic intolerance, 10 
Speeches in unison, 365-367 
Students, Two classes of, 12-13 
Summary of findings, 513-523 


Types of mind in investigation, 9 


Warburton’s list of plays, 96-97 

Waterson’s ascriptions, Genuine- 
ness of, 328 

Women, Characterization of, 41, 


53, 63-64, 72, 79 


Index of Scholars, (ritics, and Historians. 


(Major entries, unspecified, and minor ones that deal with opinions on 


authorship, are printed in italics.) 


Adams, Henry, vili 

Adams, J. Quincy, 106, 379, 381 

Alden, R. M., 6, 7, 54-55, 164, 
177) 182, 205, 
213, 217-218, 272, 276, 352, 
358, 388, 428, 474 

Andrews, C. E., 342 


180, 212- 


Baldwin, T. W., 233, 246, 250, 
254, 394 

Bierfreund, Theodor, 334 

Bond, R. Warwick, 185, 213 

Boswell, James, 462 

Boyle, Robert, 6, 7, 45, 63, 66- 
67) 75-77) 99-101, 1635 173- 
174, 177-178, 180, 182, 185, 
189, 205, 210, 217, 222, 225, 
227, 232, 236, 238, 243, 246, 
248, 250, 254, 259) 264, 272, 
276, 281, 306, 308, 330, 332, 
35%) 3525 355, 384, 386-387, 
393» 399-400, 415, 428, 432, 
449 4535 4595 493) 494) 4735 


475-477) 486, 491, 493 
Standpoint of investigations, 4 


Failure to appreciate The 
Knight, 56 

Bradford, Gamaliel, 282-283, 
291-298 


Bradley, A. C., 319-320 

Brett, Cyril, 238 

Brinkley, Florence, rrg 

Brooke, C. F. Tucker, viii, 332, 
404-405 

Brooke, Rupert, 105 

Browning, Robert, 307 


Bullen, A. H., 7, 163, 179, 183, 


185, 189, 205, 210, 222, 227, 

232, 236, 238, 240, 259) 275, 

308-309, 313-314, 332, 352) 

384, 386-387, 393-394) 399- 

400, 415, 432) 449) 453) 4593 

462, 464, 473) 493, 495 
Reliance on Boyle, 6 


Case, eRe Hoar 

Chambers, Sir Edmund, 116, 119, 
120, 131, 135) 137s 140, 143 
151-152, 161, 176, 303) 3535 
379, 384, 421, 444-445, 452, 


4595 467 

Assumption of superiority, 10- 
II 

Value of his “Elizabethan 


Stage,” 11, 112, 123, 128 
Extreme caution, 11, 12 
Inconsistency, 21, 112 
Attitude towards Herbert’s Of- 

fice-book, 112 

Chelli, Maurice, 155, 164, 177; 

185, 217, 227, 232, 249, 2595 

273) 276, 308, 332, 352, 355; 

3835 385) 393) 3995 415) 4325 

449) 453» 458; 464, 473, 486, 

488 

Coleridge, S. T., 41, 332, 339 

Collier, J. P., 493 

Collins, J. Churton, 290 

Conrad, H., 314 

Crawford, Charles, 82, 94, 236- 
237) 396, 437) 4595 463 


Index 


Cruickshank, A. H., 6, 7, 59, 675 
140, 164, 222, 224, 226, 232, 
236, 238, 244, 246-248, 250, 
254) 259) 2725 276, 290, 307, 
332 339) 34% 355 3931 399- 
490, 415) 432) 459) 44) 473 


Daniel, P. A., 406 

Darley, George, 33, 34, 41) 45 

De Perott, Joseph, 455 

De Quincey, Thomas, 332 

Dowden, Edward, 332, 339 

Dryden, John, 22-23, 40, 42-43, 
116, 144, 168, 203-204 

Dyce, Alexander, 161, 177, 189, 
202, 240, 267, 290, 332, 339- 
340) 399-400, 433, 4495 459) 
486, 493 


Ege, Karl, 347-348 
Ellis, Havelock, 493 


Farmer, Richard, 290 

Farnham, W. E., 164, 308, 333 

Fleay, F. G., 6, 7, 37, 56) 75, 1195 
134,138, 148, 151, 161, 163, 
165, 176-177, 179, 182, 185- 
186, 202, 205, 208, 210, 216- 
217, 222, 236, 238, 240, 243, 
245, 248, 250) 251, 254) 2595 
264, 272, 275-276, 281, 290, 
303-304, 308-309, 323, 318, 
322, 327) 330-332) 334 34% 
349-351) 355 359s 379 3845 
386, 393-394, 39%, 399-400, 
497, 4145 416-418, 421, 4325 
433) 437) 449) 451% 453 459 
462-464, 472, 486-487, 4915 
493, 534 

The standpoint of his investiga- 
tions, 4 
Value of work, 4, 10 


539 


Frijlinck, Wilhelmina P., 22:- 
223 
Furness, H. H., 332 


Furnivall, F. J., 339 


Garnett, Richard, 458-459 
Gayley, C. M., 6, 7, 25-26, 475 525 
79) 143) 148, 152, 164, 166, 
168, 172, 174, 180, 183, 185, 
203-206, 209, 212, 214, 216- 
218, 232, 238, 259, 207, 272, 
276) 314) 352, 379-371) 3935 
415) 453, 458 
Beaumont’s “Letter to Ben Jon- 
son,” 193 
Gifford, William, 298, 399, 493 
Graham, Walter, 299-300 
Graves, T. S., 170 
Gray, H. D., 52, 177, 334) 346 
Greg, W. W., 46-47, 176, 232- 
233, 405 
View of Warburton’s list, 97 


Halliwell-Phillipps, J. O., 306, 
332 

Hargrove, H., 332, 339 

Harrisons. 2... nvall 

Hatcher, O. L., 48, 172 

Hazlitt, William, 56, 332 

Hertford, (C,H 57 

Hickson, Samuel, 306, 332, 339- 
340 

Hillebrand, H. N., 123 

Hopkinson, A. F., 405-406, 414 

Howe, F. A., 405-406 

Hudson, H. N., 332 


Ingleby, C. M., 332 
Ingram, J. K., 332 


Knight, Charles, 332 


540 

Lamb, Charles, 332 

Langbaine, Gerard, 23, 44, 403) 
437) 492 

Law, R. A., viii 

Lawrence, W. J., x, 107, 131, 
139, 140, 142, 144, 147, 150, 
152, 156, 161, 176, 181, 202, 
204, 208, 217, 224, 231, 236, 
237) 241, 250, 257, 267, 276, 
288, 304, 3006, 330-331, 342- 
3435 349) 371 378-383, 398, 
4165 435, 4445 4475 4525 458, 
476, 490, 493, 496-498 

Lee, Sir Sidney, 294, 301 

Leonhardt, Benno, 173 

Littledale, Harold, 328, 332, 339- 
340 

Lloyd, Bertram, x, 485-486 

Lounsbury, T. R., 294, 297 

Lucas, Fi Le, 120, 464 


Macaulay, G. C., 54, 56-57, 134, 
135) 137) 163, 168, 177, 182, 
T85, 203, 205, 270,887, 226, 
227, 232, 236, 238, 244, 246, 
247-248, 250, 259, 272, 276, 
282, 308, 339, 384, 388, 393- 
394) 399) 415, 417, 428, 432, 
444) 449) 453) 459, 462, 464, 


473) 477) 486, 491, 493 
Standpoint of investigations, 4 


Defects of later work, 7-9 
Malone, Edmund, 433, 450 
Marcham, Frank, 258, 453 
Maxwell, Baldwin, 287, 306, 312, 
314-316, 430-431 

M’Kerrow, R. B., 46-47, 150, 233, 
534 

Moorman, F. W., 177-178, 333 

More, P. E., 236, 259, 314, 338, 
388, 453, 488 


Index 


Murch, H. S., 172-173) 177) 179» 
183 
Murray, J. T., 128 


Nicholson, R. B., 332, 339) 417 
Nicolson, Marjorie, 308 


Oldys, William, 266 
Oliphant, E. H. C., 151, 180, 295, 
330, 388, 437-439 
Changes of view, vii 
Reason for undertaking work, 1 
Independence of examination, 2, 
5-6 
Facing risk of ridicule, 3 
Grounds of determination, 3, 5 
Intention to deal with Middle- 
ton, 83 
Article on The Revenger's 
Tragedy, 91-92, 101 ' 
Article on Stukeley, 102 
Preference for minimum num- 
ber of authors, 164 
Article on Double Falsehood, 


283 

Article on Shakespeare, 9, 1o1, 
318 

Article on “Problems of Au- 


thorship,” 385, 402, 417-418 
The objective, 524 
“Englische Studien” 

throughout 


article, 


Parrott, T. M., 307, 333, 338 
Phelan, James, 101 

Pierce, F. E., 87-89, 472, 481 
Pooler, C. Knox, 307, 315 
Pope, Alexander, 297, 327-328 


Reed, Isaac, 496 
Reyher, Paul, 380 


Index 


Rhodes, Crompton, 510 

Ristine, F. H., 244 

Robertson, J. M., 10, 94, 306- 
397, 316-317, 320, 322, 333; 
337, 480 

Rolfe, W. J., 332 

Rosenbach, A. S. W., r40, 238, 
415 

Rymer, Thomas, 458 


Schelling, F. E., 247, 393) 459) 
473 

Schevill, Rudolph, 172, 290 

Shelley, P. B., 332 

Simpson, Richard, 107 

Skeat, W. W., 332, 339-340 

Smith, D. Nichol, 294 

Smith, G. C. Moore, 223 

Snellings, D. A., viii 

Spalding, William, 332, 339-340 

Spedding, James, 305-306 

Starnes, D. T., viii 

Steevens, George, 328 

Stiefel, A. L., 415, 417 

Stoll, E. E:, 94, 277 

Stork, C. W., 69-71, 185, 399, 
494-405, 4135 455) 459 493) 
486-487 

Swinburne, A. C., 32, 71, 222, 
251, 276, 306, 332, 339-340 

Sykes, H. Dugdale, x, 6, 7, 17, 18, 
52, 79 87, 93-94) 134-135) 
164, 223, 248, 276, 281, 295, 
307-313) 33% 332) 335, 3375 
352, 355) 3945 379 372-375, 
379s 382, 385, 383, 393-3945 


541 


395, 399-400, 415, 423-425 
427) 449) 455, 459-400, 464, 
468, 470-471, 473, 476, 480, 
485, 493 

Tannenbaum, S. A., x, 360-363, 
526-533 

Taylor, H. W,, viii 

Tennant, G. B., 437-438 

Thayer, W. R., 333 

Thomas, D. L., 101 

Thompson, E. N. S., 48 

Thorndike, Ashley H., 6, 7, 151, 
153) 173-174, 183, 204-205, 
209, 216, 267, 275-278, 328, 
334,340, 415) 418, 421, 452- 
5535 492 


Wann, Louis, 48-49 

Ward, Sir Adolphus, 164, 177, 
185, 224, 236, 259, 276, 308, 
3745 35413935399» 4539 459% 
464 

Weber, Henry, 369, 433, 444, 
526, 530, 531 

Wells, William, x, 89, 94, 137, 
138, 141, 164,177, 185, 205, 
212), 217), 224-225, 227) 232), 
248-249) 256, 259, 270, 276- 
277) 295) 397) 316-317, 319 
321, 323-3255 3335 351%) 355 
37% 3855 3935 399) 402) 407- 
410, 412-413, 415) 428, 4325 
449 453) 460, 463, 464, 468, 
47%) 474) 476-480, 482, 484, 
488, 491, 493 

Wiggin, P. G., 69-70, 407 

Wright, Aldis, 306 


Index of Dramatists and Plays. 


(Among the general unspecified entries, the major ones are printed in 


italics.) 

Ajax, 24. 

Alchemist, The, 22, 152, 154, 175) 
267, 466, 497 

Alexius, 96-97 

All ts True, 302, 304 

AlPs Lost by Lust, 24-25, 69 

Alphonsus, Emperor of Germany, 
320 

Alphonsus of Aragon, 320 

Amends for Ladies, 365-367; 377) 
395-396, 400 

Antony and Cleopatra, 315, 320 

Anything for a Quiet Life, Au- 
thorship of, 456 

Appius and Virginia, Authorship 
of, 105 

Arcadia, 24 

Arden of Feversham, 411 

Armin, Robert, 126, 492 

Atheist?’s Tragedy, The, 91-92, 
120, 346, 385, 390, 512 


Bad Beginning, A, 120 

Ball, The, 24 

Barksted, William, 20, 123 

Barnavelt, 8, 22, 108, 110, 119, 
148, 220-224, 234, 354 

Barnes, Barnabe, 163 

Bartholomew Fair, 22, 328 

Bashful Lover, The, 96-97, 229- 
230 

Battle of Alcazar, The, 103-104, 
107 

Beaumont, Francis, 22-23, 35, 40, 
45) 47, 67, 81, 82, 112-113, 


127, 132, 137-138, 146, 148- 
150, I$5) 159, 160-219, 234, 
236-238, 241, 243, 246, 250, 
252, 256-282, 315, 316-325, 
326-327, 333-369, 384, 386- 
388, 393, 396, 399, 401, 
402-457, 458, 485, 491, 525, 
533-534. 535 

Masque, 15, 25-26, 234, 3345 
344, 465 

Basis of study, 23, 25-26 

Literary characteristics, 26, 49- 
52, 58, 59 

Vocabulary, 52 

Dramatic qualities, 52-57 

Characterization of women, 53, 
64 

Contrasts with Fletcher, 57-58 

Character-descriptions, 62 

Resemblance to Field, 78-80 

Ejaculations, 83 

False attributions, 94-101 

Lost plays, 107 

“Salmacis,” 116-117 

Dates, 116-117, 499 

Theatrical companies, 122 

Letter to Ben Jonson, 191-195, 
448 

Variability of style, 219-220 

Double Falsehood, 290, 298- 
299 

Four Plays in One, 369-378, 
383 

The Laws of Candy, 472-474, 
477-478 


Index 


Number of scenes, 510-511 
Extent of participation, 513 
See also Beaumont and Fletcher 
Beaumont and Fletcher, 47-48 
Method of collaboration, 48-49 
External evidence, 108-109 
First folio, Publisher’s asser- 
tions, 13-15, 17 
Prologues and epilogues, 15 
Contents of folios, 15, 16 
Participation of other writers, 
17-20 
Meaning of inclusion of plays, 
468 
Beggars Bush, 130, 151, 162, 
192-193, 220, 235, 256-265, 
299 
Believe as you list, 24, 96-97, 336) 
362, 530, 532 
Berkeley, Sir William, 95 
Birth of Merlin, The, 22, 45, 108, 
366-367, 402-414, 420 
Bloody Brother, The, 75-77, 108, 
113, 162, 238, 326, 349) 420) 
431, 457-463, 480 
Blurt, Master Constable, 27 
Bondman, The, 22, 24, 95 
Bonduca, 131-135) 147) 154) 160, 
314, 431, 441 
Bonen, William, 96 
Branhowlte, 274-275 
Bridegroom and the Madman, 
The, 439 
Broken Heart, The, 90, 479 
Brome, Alexander, 126 
Brome, Richard, 81, 124-126, 140, 
142, 434 
Probability of presence, 20 
Verse, 86-87 
Dates, 121 
Buckingham, 303 


543 


Cesar’s Tragedy, 147 
Captain, The, 147, 154, 160-167, 
180, 181, 192, 257, 402 
Cardenio, 251, 329, 435 ; 
Identity with Double False- 
hood, 282-283, 286-290 
Cartwright, William, 459 
Catiline, 22, 131, 160, 319 
Chabot, 24 
Chances, The, 25, 114-115, 130, 
135-137 
Changeling, The, 456, 487 
Chapman, George, 20, 118, 123, 
127, 137) 216, 2775 279, 3175 
338, 381, 460, 486, 496 
Masque, 381 
Chaste Maid, A, 443 
Chettle, Henry, 153, 303 
Christian turn’d Turk, A, 387, 
397 
City Gallant, The, 420 
City Honest Man, The, 96-97 
Cleander, 240 
Cokain, Sir Aston, 17-18 
Conceited Duke, The, 189, 349 
Constant Maid, The, 24 
Cortolanus, 312, 319 
Coronation, The, 24, 98-99, 130, 
151, 241, 275, 326 
Coxcomb, The, 53-55) 130) 154, 
162, 167, 186, 190, 209, 
218, 265-274, 402, 442, 483 
Relation to “Letter to Ben Jon- 
son,” 192-194 
Crafty Merchant, The, 96 
Cromwell, 303 
Cupid’s Revenge, 97, 107, 160, 
190, 209, 223, 249, 272, 277) 
326, 348-353, 455 
Connection with The Birth of 
Merlin, 407-409, 412 


544 


Custom of the Country, The, 110, 
156, 163, 169, 207, 224-226, 
234-235, 237 

Cymbeline, 74, 204, 298, 338 

Authorship, 110 


Daborne, Robert, 81, 107, 123- 
124, 127, 276, 355, 378) 458- 
459, 463 
Participation in the plays, 19 
Characteristics, 75-77 
Expletives, 83 
Dates, 121 
The Faithful Friends, 367-368 
The Honest Man’s Fortune, 
384, 386-387 
The Knight of Malta, 397 
Daniel, Samuel, 329, 478 
D’avenant, Sir William, 81, 95, 
105, 115, 124, 126, 137-138, 
215-216, 272, 287, 434 
Probability of presence, 20 
Characteristics, 85-86 
Dates, 121 
Davenport, Robert, 20, 124, 164, 
287 
Day, John, 410 
Dekker, Thomas, 20, 24, 55, 113, 
I21I, 123, 153, 193, 246, 258, 
415 
Fondness for unison speeches, 
367 
Love's Cure, 421-425 
Devil is an Ass, The, 22, 462 
Devil of Dowgate, The, 107, 115, 
156, 235, 420, 451, 489 
Devil’s Lau-case, The, 423-424, 
472 
Dioclesian, 245 
Double Falsehood, 22, 108, 282- 
302, 316, 420, 511 


Index 


Double Marriage, The, 110, 226, 

234-235, 366-367 

Drayton, Michael, 126, 317 

Duchess of Malfi, The, 472 

Duffet, 382 

Duke of Milan, The, 24, 226, 233, 
256, 279) 297) 336) 394, 480, 
532 

Duke’s Mistress, The, 422 


226-230, 


Eastward Hoe, 216, 496 

Edward I, 320 

Edward II, 320 

Edward IV, 104-105 

Elder Brother, The, 42, 46-47, 
114-115, 162, 230-234, 326 

Elizabeth, 104-105, 174 

Emperor of the East, The, 24, 
312 

Every Man out of his Humour, 
319 


Fair Anchoress, The, 96 

Fair Maid of the Inn, The, 110- 
III, II4, 130, 190, 234, 256, 
446, 452, 457) 463-472, 475, 
478 

A correspondent’s view, 485 

Fair Quarrel, The, 25, 152, 154, 
443 

Faithful Friends, The, 22, 55, 108, 
112, 114, 185, 348, 353-369, 
3739 422) 485, 526-533 

Faithful Shepherdess, The, 20, 25, 
35, 108, 116, 130, 137-139, 
151, 163, 203, 229, 340, 441, 


449) 499 
Compared with Beaumont’s 
Masque, 26 


False One, The, 110, 234-237, 
427) 446, 452, 465, 475 


Index 


Fatal Dowry, The, 367, 375) 3945 
400 
Authorship and date, 79-81 
Father’s Own Son, 142-143, 451 
Faustus, 21 
Fawn, The, 21 
Field, Nathan, 67, 81, 107, 120, 
124, 125) 127) 134-135) 1375 
142, 200, 221-222, 249, 260, 
265, 276, 279, 281, 348-4or, 
413, 415, 421-422, 425, 428, 
436, 454, 458-460, 463, 4735 
525) 530-531, 533 
Participation in the plays, 19, 
513 
Characteristics, 78-81 
Expletives, 83 
Dates, 118-119 
Number of scenes, 511-512 
Fletcher, John, 52, 55, 56, 62, 67, 
70, 81, 82, 84, 92, 110, 114, 
127) 131-316, 326-414, 432- 
498, 525) 533-534, 535-536 
Basis for study, 24, 25 
Literary characteristics, 26, 31- 
40, 50, 58, 59, 65 
Dramatic faculty, 40-44, 54, 55 
Vocabulary, 45 
Method of collaboration with 
Massinger, 48 
Grossness, 52-53 
Burlesque style, 57 
Contrasted with Beaumont, 57- 
58 
Attitude towards women, 41, 
53, 64 
Ejaculations, 83 
False attributions, 94-102 
A New Way to pay Old Debts, 


99-101 
Lost plays, 107 


545 


Dates, 115-117 
Theatrical companies, 122 
Fondness for unnamed quar- 
tets, 223-224 
Fecundity, 234-235 
“Upon an Honest Man’s For- 
tune,” 315 
Love’s Cure, 414-423, 427-428 
Number of scenes, 511-512 
Extent of participation, 513 
See also Beaumont and Fletcher 
Forced Lady, The, 96 
Ford, John, 20, 81, 124, 125, 127, 
137) 249) 355) 357) 413) 432- 
433, 464-485 
Characteristics, 52, 87-90, 484 
Expletives, 83 
Dates, 120 
Extent of participation, 513 
Four Plays in One, 36, 42, 113) 
160, 229, 234, 265, 299, 348, 
352, 367, 369-383, 387, 396) 
440, 465, 475 
Four ?Prentices, The, 175-176 
Friar Bacon, 320 


Game at Chess, A, 331 

Glapthorne, Henry, 101, 124, 125, 
434 

Godfrey of Bulloigne, 175 

Great Duke of Florence, The, 24, 
R12 

Great Man, The, 96 

Green’s Tu Quoque, 420 

Greene, Robert, 320-321 

Guardian, The, 24, 96-97, 279 


Hamlet, 20, 312 
Haughton, William, 153 
Hengest, 119, 403 


540 
Henry I and Henry II, entered as 
one play, 97 
Henry V, 320 
Henry VI, 326, 411, 468 
Henry VIII, 12, 22, 108, 261, 282, 
288, 298-300, 302-316, 329, 
342) 353-354) 420, 468, 511, 
534 
Inversions, 337-338 
Compared with The Two No- 
ble Kinsmen, 338-339 
Henry VIII (When you see me, 
you know me), 303 
Hercules Furens, 298 
Heywood, Thomas, 20, 55, 94, 
LOS, 220, 124, 125, 153 
Stukeley, 102-106 
Dates, 120 
Honest Man’s Fortune, The, 40, 
56, 76, 140, 190, 238, 346, 
355, 366-367, 383-391, 432, 
483, 511 
Honest Whore, The, 418 
Honour of Women, The, 96, 252 
Humorous Lieutenant, The, 25, 
36-37, 41, 108, 110, 139, 
162, 234, 420, 440, 441, 495 


Ill Beginning, An, 121 

Inconstant Lady, The, 22, 98 

Island Princess, The, 38-39, 110, 
139-141, 235 

Isle of Gulls, The, 410 

Italian Night-piece, The, 96 


Jerusalem, 176 

Jeweller of Amsterdam, The, 107, 
221, 234 

Jonson, Benjamin, 22, 40, 55, 95; 
116, 123-125, 127, 137, 148, 
152, 154, 160, 163, 172, 175, 


Index 


185, 194, 208, 216, 266-267, 
328, 421-439, 449, 458-463, 
464, 466, 470, 485 
Belief in Beaumont’s judgment, 
23 
Characteristics, 81-83 
Dates, 119 
. Julius C@sar, 317-319 
Neptune's Triumph, 380, 458 
The Fortunate Isles, 383 
Execration upon Vulcan, 466 
The New World, 466 
The Widow, 19-20, 492-498 
Scene-divisions, 511-512 
Extent of participation, 513 
Jovial Crew, The, 87 
Judge, The, 96 
Julius Ca@sar, 22, 108, 316-325, 
338, 463 


King and no King, A, 26, 55, 79s 
163, 167-169, 181-182, 203, 
215, 358, 472, 478, 485, 535 

Comparison with The Woman- 
hater, 219-220 

Connection with Thierry and 
Theodoret, 277-278 

Knight of Malta, The, 110, 190, 
234, 364, 366-367, 378, 387, 
392-398, 440 

Verse peculiarities, 69 

Knight of the Burning Pestle, 
The, 54-58, 116, 136, 144, 
154, 156, 161, r69-r80, 195, 
199, 209, 218, 260, 272, 326, 
358, 375) 435) 441-442 


Lady’s Trial, The, 88 

Laws of Candy, The, 36, 108, 
T10, 185, 192, 234, 355, 441, 
457, 469, 472-485 


Index 


Little French Lawyer, The, 43, 
110, 156, 162-163, 224, 234- 
236, 237-239, 382-383 

London Prodigal, The, 8 

Lost Lady, The, 22, 95 

Lover's Melancholy, The, 
479-480 

Lover’s Progress, The, 107, 110, 
129, 148, 239-245, 365, 420) 
431, 435 

Prologue, 253-254 

Love’s Cruelty, 22, 95 

Love’s Cure, 8-9, 130, 226, 366- 
367 402, 414-432, 440) 449, 
457, 466, 469, 483 

A correspondent’s view, 486 

Love’s Pilgrimage, 20, 955 113) 
130, 167, 190, 290, 402, 431, 
432-439) 440) 457, 462 

Love’s Sacrifice, 88-89 

Loyal Subject, The, 25, 32, 36-37» 
41-42, 110, 141, 162, 169, 
206, 234) 315, 382, 413, 4325 
441, 455 

Date, 392-393 
Lyly, William, 169 
Lysander and Calista, 241 


339 


Macbeth, 345 

Mad Lover, The, 25, 36-37) 119) 
142, 162, 234, 238, 249 

Date, 392-393 

Mad World, A, 443 

Madoc (or Mador), 107, 1325 
354-355 

Maid in the Mill, The, 17, 110, 
148, 162, 235, 486-488, 492, 
Ga 

Maid of Honour, The, 24, 62-63, 
232-233 

Maid’s Tragedy, The, 26, 53, 163, 


547 


167, 179, 180-183, 203, 210, 
215, 277 
Marlowe, Christopher, 20, 55, 725 
94, 126, 317-325 
Stukeley, 102-103 
Dates, 121-122 
Extent of participation, 513 
Marmion, Shakerly, 96, 124 
Marston, John, 20-21, 123, 496 
Massacre at Paris, The, 317, 320 
Massinger, Philip, 25, 35, 46-475 
56, 68, 71, 81, 95, 96, 99- 
101, 107, 124-127, 140, 148, 
163-164, 169, 185-186, 189, 
212-213, 220-282, 282, 290, 
297-298, 306-314, 350-351, 
355-359, 378) 384-401, 415- 
4325 441, 457-472) 486, 530- 
534, 535-536 
Participation in the plays, 17- 
19, 513 
Basis for study, 23 
Verse, 32, 50, 58-60 
Method of collaboration with 
Fletcher, 48 
Dramatic characteristics, 53 
Rhetoric, 60-62 
Morality, 62-64 
Phraseology, 64-67, 534-535 
Use of parentheses, 65 
Dramatic craftsmanship, 67 
The Fatal Dowry, 79 
Ejaculations, 83 
Dates, 117-118 
The Loyal Subject, 141 
The Two Noble Kinsmen, 330- 
337» 341) 343 
Love's Pilgrimage, 432-435 
The Laws of Candy, 472-473) 
479-480 
Number of scenes, 511-512 


548 
Match at Midnight, A, 24, 366- 
367 
Match me in London, 425 
Mayor of Quinborough, The, 119, 
258 
Connection with The Birth of 
Merlin, 403-405, 414 
Measure for Measure, 338, 462 
Medicine for a Curst Wife, 153 
Merchant of Venice, The, 338 
Merry Devil of Edmonton, The, 
287-288, 497 
Merry Wives of Windsor, The, 
159 
Mestayer, 284 
Michaelmas Term, 443 
Middleton, Thomas, 27, 71, 81, 
82, 95, 123-125, 127, 152, 
172, 185-186, 258-259, 331- 
332, 399-400, 403, 406-407, 
414-415, 421-422, 446-457, 
485-486, 492-498 
Participation in plays, 19, 513 
Literary characteristics, 32, 35, 
36, 59 70, 75, 83-85, 89 
Vocabulary, 83-84 
The Revenger's Tragedy, 90-92 
Second Maiden’s Tragedy, 101 
Dates, 119 
Anything for a Quiet Life, 456 
The Captain, 165 
Habit of having — characters 
nameless, 201, 442-443 
The Bloody Brother, 460-461 
Midsummer Nights Dream, A 
338 
Minerva’s Sacrifice, 96 
Miseries of Enforced Marriage, 
The, 172 
Monsieur d’Olive, 279 
Monsieur Thomas, 25, 36, 39-40, 


’ 


Index 


116, 142-145, 146, 147) 150, 
154, 156, 214, 226, 230, 326, 
420, 431, 451 

More Dissemblers besides Women, 
443 

Mulomorco, 103 


Nabbes, Thomas, 124-125 
New Inn, The, 22, 95, 159, 495 
Relation to Love’s Pilgrimage, 

432-433) 437-439 

New Way to pay Old Debts, A, 
24, 63, 99-101 

Nice Valour, The, 113, 234, 402, 
420) 431, 439-451, 455) 4575 
465-466, 475, 486 

Relation to “Letter to Ben Jon- 

son,” 192-195 

Night-walker, The, 17, 24, 110, 
156, 169, 226, 229, 326, 420, 
433) 442, 488-492 

No Wit, no Hel, 443 

Noble Choice, The, 96 

Noble Gentleman, The, 55, 110- 
III, 114, 130, 160, 183-207, 
216, 238, 256, 260, 274-275, 
355, 396, 413, 442, 457, 465, 
469, 473, 486 

Nobleman, The, 96-97, 185, 390 


Old Law, The, 399, 443 

Oldcastle, 497 

Opportunity, The, 22, 24, 98-99, 
151i, 326 

Orator, The, 96, 233 

Orlando Furioso, 320-321 

Othello, 312 


Painter, The, 96, 239-240 
Palamon and Arcite, 329, 332 


Index 


Parliament of Love, The, 238, 
243, 422 

Patient Grissil, 153 

Peele, George, 103-104, 107, 320 

Perfidious Brother, The, 284 

Pericles, 12, 287, 298 

Philastery) 215126, 555° 116, “154, 
163, 167, 179, 181-182, 20r- 
207, 215, 226, 234, 238, 277, 
314, 344-346, 410, 420 

Phenix, The, 443 

Picture, The, 24, 237, 298 

Pilgrim, The, 110, 145-146, 223, 
235 

Plantation of Virginia, The, 381 

Poor Man’s Comfort, The, 387 

Prisoner, The, 96 

Prophetess, The, 110, 162, 235, 
245-246, 382-383, 431, 513 

Proud Maid’s Tragedy, The, 183 

Psyche Debauch’d, 382 


Queen, The, 479-480 
Queen of Corinth, The, 110, 160, 
162, 234, 364, 366-367, 372- 
376, 398-401, 431, 436 
Date, 392-393 
Queen's Arcadia, The, 329 


Revenge for Honour, 101 

Revenger's Tragedy, The, 
385, 450, 512 

Characteristics and authorship, 

90-92 

Renegado, The, 24 

Right Woman, A, 95, 107, 252, 
256, 354 

Rise of Wolsey, The, 303 

Rollo. See Bloody Brother 

Roman Actor, The, 24, 329-330 

Rowley, Samuel, 303 


333» 


549 


Rowley, William, 81, 121, 125, 
127, 152, 164, 185-186, 236, 
255) 259, 269-270, 272-273, 
328, 334, 365, 395, 398-400, 
402-414, 414, 449, 459, 463, 
465, 485, 486-488, 492 

Participation in plays, 17, 513 
Basis for study, 24-25 

Style, 68-71 

Ejaculations, 83 


Dates, 118 
Wit at several Weapons, 453- 
455 


Number of scenes, 311-312 
Royal Master, The, 422, 495 
Rule a Wife, 25, 110, 139, 146, 

162, 235, 236, 238, 326, 379, 
468, 499 


Sad Shepherd, The, 22 
Sapho and Phao, 169 
Scornful Lady, The, 26, 55, 575 
130, 156, 191, 207-214, 326, 
349) 435-436, 441-442, 470, 
495 
Sea-voyage, The, 110, 235) 2395 
246-249, 441, 475 
Second Maiden’s Tragedy, 112, 
443 
Authorship, rox 
Shadwell, 282 
Shakespeare, William, 11-12, 17, 
35) 40) 41, 43, 53, 55-56, 61, 
62, 67; 71, 81, 1O1, 125, 127; 
137) 151, 153-158, 195, 2775 
282-348, 462, 492 
Participation in the plays, 19- 
20, 513 
Distinguishing 
7345 
Dates, 118 


characteristics, 


550 


The Birth of Merlin, 402-403, 
410-411, 414 
Meaning of inclusion of plays 
in folios, 468 
Number of scenes, 511-512 
Shirley, James, 15, 81, 92, 95, 98- 
99, 110, 125, 126, 185, 186, 
241, 274, 282, 290, 355, 421- 
422, 473, 488-492, 495 
Participation in the plays, 17, 
513 
Basis for study, 23-24 
Manner, 71-72 
Date, 118 
Love’s Pilgrimage, 432-434 
Shoemaker a Gentleman, A, 24, 
69 
Shoemaker’s Holiday, The, 497 
Silent Woman, The, 22, 144, 152, 
154, 160, 172, 175, 208-209, 
266 
Souldier’d Citizen, The, 96 
Spanish Curate, The, 46-47, 110, 
162-163, 223) 229) 233, 2355 
250, 535-536 
Spanish Gipsy, The, 495 
Spanish Viceroy, The, 96, 251- 
252 
Staple of News, The, 466 
Stewtley, 103 
Strode, William, 450 
Stukeley, 22, 102-107, 421 
Sun's Darling, The, 88-89 


Tamburlaine, 380 

Taming of a Shrew, The, 154 

Taming of the Shrew, The, 151, 
153, 156-159, 195 

Tempest, The, tor, 298, 338 

Theobald, Lewis, 20, 122, 126, 
282-302, 479, 511, 513 


Index 


Thierry and Theodoret, 75-775 
108, 113, 188, 195, 223, 234» 
256, 274-282, 315, 326, 365; 
413) 457) 533-534 
Timon of Athens, 11-12, 449 
Tis Pity, 88-89, 479 
Titus Andronicus, 411, 468 
Tourneur, Cyril, 20, 81, 96, 125, 
127, 185, 333, 346, 384-391 
Characteristics, go-92 
Dates, 120 
Number of scenes, 511-512 
Extent of participation, 513 
Trattor, The, 24 
Travels of three Brothers, The, 


25, 174 
Trick to catch the Old One, 4A, 
_ 443 
mete of Death So Four 
riumph of Honour : 
Tri Plays in 
riumph of Love Aa 


Triumph of Time 

Troublesome Reign of King John, 
The, 328 

Two Noble Kinsmen, The, 19-20, 
36, 108, 220, 230, 275, 282, 
288, 298-300, 316, 325-348, 
441, 492, 495, SII 


Unfortunate Lovers, The, 22, 94- 
95 

Unfortunate Piety, The, 96 

Unnatural Combat, The, 24, 243, 
iy 

Uter Pendragon, 403-404 


Valentinian, 25, 145, 


162, 236, 243, 535 

Valtiger, 119, 403, 414 

Very Woman, A, 22, 96-97, 108, 
IIO-III, 235, 250-256, 420 


146-148, 


Index 


Volpone, 116, 449, 466, 485 


Wandering Lovers, The, 96, 107; 
235) 239-241, 435 
Webster, John, 20, 49, 55, 595 615 
81, 123, 125, 127, 276-277, 
281, 385-391, 415) 432, 404- 
472, 485, 511 
Verse and literary peculiarities, 
92-94 
Dates, 120 
Love’s Cure, 421-425 
Anything for a Quiet Life, 456 
Extent of participation, 513 
White Devil, The, 424 
Widow, The, 19, 22, 108, 443, 
457) 492-498 
Wife for a Month, A, 25, 36-375 
110, 148, 206, 235, 379, 382 
Wild-goose Chase, The, 14, 15, 
25, 110, Ill, 149-150, 162, 
2175 235) 258) 354) 441) 4575 
475, 482-483 
Wilkins, George, 76, 77, 172) 276, 
459 
Wilson, Arthur, 98, 125, 434 
Winter's Tale, The, 298, 492 
Wit at several Weapons, 55, 156, 
190, 201, 234, 2725 279) 364, 
403) 426, 440, 442, 451-457) 
465, 469, 475 
A correspondent’s view, 485 


sos 

Wit without Money, 145, 150- 
151, 152, 154) 156, 214, 326, 
409 

Witch, The, 258 

Witch of Edmonton, The, 88-89, 
112 

Wolsey, 303 

Woman-hater, The, 20, 26, 54) 555 
79> 139) 154) 159) 174) 195) 
209, 214-220, 326, 358, 425, 
429) 437, 478, 499 

Woman is a Weathercock, A, 123, 
365-367, 371) 375-376, 400- 
401 

Woman is too hard for him, The, 
151 

Woman killed with Kindness, A, 
153) 154) 490 

Woman never Vext, A, 25 

Woman’s Plot, The, 96-97, 251 

Woman’s Prize, The, 21, 25) 130) 
151-156, 156, 159, 162, 196, 
214, 420, 483, 490-491 

Women beware Women, 22, 95) 
443 

Women Pleased, 110, 111, 129) 
155) 156-160, 162, 214, 224, 
234, 236, 237) 431, 452) 4755 
483 

Wonder of a Kingdom, The, 112 


Yorkshire Tragedy, A, 8, 101, 457 
Your Five Gallants, 172, 443 


General Index. 


Actors, Dates of: 
Burbage, 142 
Cooke, 147, 161 
Egglestone, 131, 147, 158, 3845 

392 

Gough, 492 
Greville, 329 
Hemings, 131, 147 
Ostler, 131, 147, 160-161 
Shanck, 430-431 
Sharpe, 392 
Sinklo, 156-159 
Tooley, 148, 392 
Tuckfield, 329 
Underwood, 160-161, 392 


Beaumont (Sir John): ‘“Meta- 
morphosis,” 116-117 
Burre, Walter, 170-172 


Coryat’s “Greeting,” 374, 398 


Davies’ “Scourge of Folly,” 160- 
161, 203 


Earle, John, 168, 203 
“English Representative 
dies,” 152 


Come- 


Herrick, Robert, 168, 203 

Hills, G.j 162, 230, 257;° 267, 
458 

Howard, H., 163 


Keysar, Robert, 170, 171 


Lovelace, Richard, 162-163 


Mayne, Jasper, 194 
Meres, Francis, 319 


Phillips, Edward, 195 


Sources indicating date or author- 
ship: 
Burton’s “Anatomy of Melan- 
choly,” 342-343 
Castro, Guillen de, 417-418 
Caussin’s “Cour sainte,” 467, 


472 
Cervantes-Saavedra, 298 
“Don Quixote,”> 271-173, 


267, 286, 435 
“Novelas ejemplares,” 
434, 467 
“Persiles y Sigismunda,” 224 
“Conquista de las Islas Malu- 
cas, La,” x40 
Dekker’s “Bellman,” 193, 258 
Digges’ translation of Céspedes’ 
“Gerardo,” 250, 488, 536 
D’Urfé’s “Astrée,” 143, 147 
Fauchet, 275, 277 
Florio’s Montaigne, 94 
Lope de Vega’s ‘“Peregrino,” 
145 
Lucan, 317 
Overbury’s “Characters,” 94 
Plutarch, 317 
“Querolus,” 459 


136, 


Sidney’s “Arcadia,” 94, 237, 
277) 410, 423 
Theaters: 
Blackfriars, 127, 128, 143, 162, 
444 


Index 553 


Cockpit, 128, 445 

Globe, 128, 162 

Hope, 128 

Paul’s, 127 

Phoenix, 128 

Porter’s Hall (Rosseter’s Black- 
friars), 127, 128, 445 

Rose, 128 

Salisbury Court, 128 

Swan, 128 

Theatre in Drury Lane, 128 

Whitefriars, 127, 128, 170- 
171, 444 


King’s and Queen’s, 124 

Lady Elizabeth’s, 122-124, 127- 
128 

Palsgrave’s, 430 

Paul’s boys, 122, 127, 216-217 

Queen Henrietta’s, 124, 128 

Queen of Bohemia’s, 127-128 

Queen’s Revels children, 122- 
124, 127, 208, 209 

Revels company, 128 


Vennar’s “Apology,” 170 


Theatrical companies: 
Beeston’s Boys, 124, 128 Waller, Edmund, 210 
Chapel Children, 127 Weever’s “Mirror of Martyrs,” 
Children of the Revels, 127 319 
King’s, 122-125, 143 Wotton, Sir Henry, 303-304 


Sy pete Osher Aoatn to mush Thanked 
Jolt awakes 
AS Sr 


Traut god cubed on tru. 


MILLS COLLEGE LIBRARY 
THIS BOOK IS DUE ON THE LAST DATE 
STAMPED BELOW 


Books not returned on time are subject to a fine of 
five cents per volume per day. 


JAN 2.3'64 


TY 


Vo 8 


MILLS COLLEGE LIBRARY 


BNF The plays of Beaumont and Fletcher 
822 B379X0 Oliphant, Ernest Hen 


| 


3 3086 00098 1688 


Mills College Library 
Withdrawn 


BS79X0 


to 
ae 


aes 
ate hy, 
serine 
Msi sass hs 


Rae) 
Pie eceay 


