
STOP 



Early Journal Content on JSTOR, Free to Anyone in the World 

This article is one of nearly 500,000 scholarly works digitized and made freely available to everyone in 
the world byJSTOR. 

Known as the Early Journal Content, this set of works include research articles, news, letters, and other 
writings published in more than 200 of the oldest leading academic journals. The works date from the 
mid-seventeenth to the early twentieth centuries. 

We encourage people to read and share the Early Journal Content openly and to tell others that this 
resource exists. People may post this content online or redistribute in any way for non-commercial 
purposes. 

Read more about Early Journal Content at http://about.istor.org/participate-istor/individuals/early- 
journal-content . 



JSTOR is a digital library of academic journals, books, and primary source objects. JSTOR helps people 
discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content through a powerful research and teaching 
platform, and preserves this content for future generations. JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit 
organization that also includes Ithaka S+R and Portico. For more information about JSTOR, please 
contact support@jstor.org. 



THEOBALD'S DOUBLE FALSEHOOD? 

The article of Gamaliel Bradford, Jr., in MLN for February 
1910, on the "History of Cardenio by Mr. Fletcher and Shakespeare," 
prompts me to publish the following material, gathered some time 
ago, in the hope that it may serve to clear up at least a part of the 
mystery connected with the authorship of the play Double Falsehood 
or the Distrest Lovers. This play, first acted* on December 13, 1727, 
was first "printed^ by John Watts, at the Printing-Office in Wild- 
Court near Lincoln's-Inn-Fields," London, 1728. From the same 
press, "printed for John Watts," etc., was issued in the following 
year, 1729, a work entitled: "A Select Collection of Novels and His- 
tories, in six volumes; written by the most celebrated Authors in 
several Languages. Many of which never appear'd in English before. 
All New translated from the Originals, by several eminent Hands. 
Second edition," etc. The editor was Samuel Croxall (the dedication 
is signed S. C), who tells us in a preface that the favorable reception 
given to the first edition of this work (1720-22) has encouraged the 
publisher to reprint it with additions and improvements. One of 
the additional pieces is entitled: The Adverdures on the Black Moun- 
tains, Vol. I, pp. 313-44, and the publisher adds, "This is the Novel, 
from which the Plan of a Posthumous Play, written originally 
by Shakespear, called Double Falsehood, was taken." The preface, 
however, while it praises Cervantes as a writer of novels, says 
nothing about his being the original author of this particular tale, 
although Theobald, in his preface to the play Double Falsehood, had 
stated that the plot was taken from Don Quixote. Was the assertion 
of Croxall intended to support Theobald's claim that Shakespeare 
was the author of the play? It seems so at first sight; yet his 
connection with the publication of the play, if there was any, will 

• Notes and Queries, 7th Series, I, p. 160", Lounsbury, The Text of Shakespeare, 
New York, 1906, p. 146. 

2 "Double Falsehood or The Distrest Lovers, etc., written originally by W. Shake- 
speare, and now revised and adapted to the Stage by Mr. Theobald, the Author of Shake- 
speare Restor'd. London, Printed by J. Watts, at the Printlng-Ofllce in Wild-Court 
near Lincoln's-Inn-Fields. MDCCXXVIII." Professor Lounsbury says, p. 299, that 
the play had been published late in December, 1727. 

1 LUoDEBN PHiLOiiOaT, October, 1911 



2 Rudolph Schevill 

probably never be known. But if Double Falsehood and The Adven- 
tures on the Black Mountains, issued from the same press, are related, 
our first task is to state what may be known of the novel. 

As far as I have been able to discover, the edition of 1729 is the 
first of that novel in the peculiar form of The Adventures, etc. It is, 
of course, possible, that an earlier print was recorded in some mis- 
leading manner in the Stationers' Registers; or there may be a 
copy concealed in the British Museum Ubrary, but I have not found 
any trace of it. We can therefore assimie, until an earlier edition is 
discovered, that Croxall printed the story from a version "new 
translated," which meant, to judge from other novels in his collec- 
tion as well as from this one, that The Adventures had been merely 
rearranged and rejuvenated to suit his purpose. For, far from being 
"new translated," the novel is taken from Shelton's translation of 
Don Quixote, but revamped and adapted to the language and taste 
of the whole collection. It becomes necessary to inquire at this 
point, first, whether this rearrangement was made specifically for 
Croxall, or whether he merely reprinted an old copy or edition; 
second, is it possible to say definitely that the play was taken from 
The Adventures, as printed by Croxall, and not from the romance 
of Cardenio and Luscinda as it is told in Shelton's Don Quixote, 
beginning with the third book, chap, xi, and continuing with inter- 
ruptions through the fourth book, chap, ix.^ The results of this 
inquiry will be based entirely on an examination of Shelton's Don 
Quixote, Croxall's The Adventures, etc., and Double Falsehood. 

In Shelton's translation, which agrees with the Spanish original, 
the course of the story is frequently interrupted by the characters 
of Don Quixote, namely Don Quixote himself, Sancho Panza, the 
curate, the barber, and others. But Croxall's novel, in gathering all 
these parts together, changes the order of events as found in Shelton, 
shortens the whole to about two-thirds of its original length by giv- 
ing a r^sum^ of rambling portions, and, naturally, turns every first 
person into the third. Croxall's version may be said to relate the 
events in a more natural sequence, avoiding the repetition of details; 

• All my references will be to The History of the Valorous and Witty Knight Errant 
Don Quixote of the Mancha, by Miguel de Cervantes, translated by Thomas Shelton, 3 
vols., Macmillan & Co., 1900, as this edition is more accessible; but I have given the 
spelling of the edition of 1612 in the excerpts. 

270 



Theobald's Double Falsehood? 3 

in Shelton, the interruptions necessitated a going back to pick up the 
thread of the story, which, if followed through Bon Quixote according 
to the order of events in The Adventures, would take us through the 
various chapters in about the following order: book third, chap, x, 
book fourth, chap, i, book third, chaps, x, xiii, ix, xiii, book fourth, 
chaps, i, ix, book third, chap, xiii, book fourth, chaps, i, ix. A few 
additional transfers may be found in ideas, descriptions, and the like, 
of little importance. 

For lack of space, the following examples will have to suffice to 
prove how The Adventures on the Black Mountains were "new trans- 
lated" out of Shelton. First I shall give some examples to show how 
Shelton was plundered with but very few changes, which could have 
been made only with the object of rejuvenating his Elizabethan 
style; they will help, moreover, in determining whether the rearrange- 
ment was specifically made for Croxall, or not. 



Shelton's Translation 
1. "I rendred him thankes .... 
and therefore departed presently to 
acquaint him (my father) with my de- 
sires : who, at the time which I entered 
into a Chamber wherein he was, stood 
with a Letter open in his hand; and 
espying me, e're I could breake my 
mind vnto him, gaue it me, saying, 'By 
that Letter, Cardenio, you may gather 
the desire that Duke Bicardo beares, to 
doe you any pleasure or fauour.' 

"This Duke Ricardo, as I thinke you 
know, Sirs, already, is a Grande of 
Spayne, whose Dukedome is seated in 
the best part of all Andaluzixi. I tooke 
the Letter and read it; which appeared 
so vrgent, as I myselfe accounted it 
would be ill done, if my father did not 
accomplish the contents thereof, which 
were indeed, that he should presently 
addresse me to his Court, to the end I 
might be companion (and not seruant) 
to his eldest sonne; and that he would 
incharge himselfe with the aduancing 
of me to such preferments as might be 
answerable vnto the value and estima- 



Croxall's Novel 
1. "As Cardenio entered his Father's 
Chamber, he found him with a Letter 
open in his Hand; who espying his 
Son, ere he could break his Mind to 
him, gave it him with these Words, 
By that Letter, Cardenio, you may 
gather the Desire that Duke Ricardo 
bears to do you Favour. This Duke was 
a Grandee of the first Rank in Spain, 
and whose Dukedom was seated in the 
best part of all Andaluzia. Cardenio 
read the Letter, which was a pressing 
Mandate for his instantly addressing 
himself to Court, in Order to become 
the Companion of the Duke's eldest 
Son; and the Duke, on his Part, 
charg'd himself with advancing Car- 
denio to Preferments, answerable to 
the Value and Esteem he had for his 
Person. The enamour'd Cardenio em- 
barass'd with such a Summons, was 
struck dumb at the Contents of the 
Letter;, but was still more confounded 
what to do, upon his Father's acquaint- 
ing, him, that he must depart within 
two Days to attend the Duke's Com- 



271 



Rudolph Schevill 



[Shelton] 
tion he made of my person. I past 
ouer the whole Letter, and was strucken 
dumbe at the reading thereof, but 
chiefly hearing my father to say, 'Car- 
denio, thou must depart within two 
dayes, to accompUsh the Dukees desire; 
and omit not to render Almightie God 
thankes, which doth thus open the 
way by which thou mayest attaine in 
fine to that which I know thou dost 
merite.' And to these words added 
certaine others of fatherly counsell and 
direction. The terme of my departure 
arriued, and I spoke to my Dusdnda 
on a certaine night, and recoimted vnto 
her all that passed, and likewise to her 
father, entreating him to ouerslip a few 
dayes, and deferre the bestowing of his 
daughter else-where, vntill I went to 
understand Duke Ricardo his will; 
which he promised me, and she con- 
firmed it with a thousand othes and 
promises." (Book 3, chap, x.) 

2. "It therefore befell that, as there 
is no secresie amongst friends so great 
but they will communicate it the one 
to the other, and the famiharitie which 
I had with Dcm Ferdinando was now 
past the limits of fauour, and turned 
into dearest amitie, he reuealed vnto 
me all his thoughts, but chiefly one of 
of his loue, which did not a little mo- 
lest him; for he was enamoured on 
a Farmers daughter, that was his 
Fathers vassall" (Book 3, chap, x; 
jumps to Book 4, chap. i). Dorothea 
speaks: "My parents .... are but 
Farmours and plaine people, but with- 
out any touch or spot of bad bloud, and 
as we vsually say. Old, rustie Chris- 
tians, yet so rusty and ancient as yet 
their riches and magnificent port 
gaine them, by little and little, the 
title of Gentilitie, yea, and of worship 
also; although the treasure and No- 
bility, whereof they made most price 



[Croxall] 

mands. This unforseen Incident made 
Cardenio think it an improper Oppor- 
tunity to break the Secret of his 
Passion to his father. The Term of 
his Departure came faster than he 
could have wish'd : and all that he could 
do under the present Circumstance, 
was to recount the Truth of Affairs to 
Lusdnda's Father, entreat him to 
overshp a few Days, and to defer the 
bestowing of his Daughter elsewhere, 
till Cardenio understood Duke Ri- 
cardo's Pleasure. Her Father readily 
comply'd, and pass'd his Promise to 
performance of the Terms: and Lus- 
cinda confirm'd her FideUty to Car- 
denio with a thousand endearing Pro- 
testations." (P. 315.) 



2. "As Intimacy gradually contracts 
Trust and Confidence, there is no 
Secresie amongst Friends so great, but 
They will communicate it the One to 
the Other. The Familiarity, which 
Cardenio had with Don Ferdinand, was 
now past the Limits of Favour, and 
turned into dearest Amity. The young 
Lord reveal'd to him all his Thoughts, 
but chiefly one of his Love which did 
not a little molest him. Don Fer- 
dinand, it happen'd, was become en- 
amour'd of a Farmer's Daughter, that 
was his Father's Vassal. Her Parents 
were plain People by their Profession, 
but without any Touch or Stain of 
bad Blood: so their Riches and Port 
gain'd them, by little and little, the 
Title of GentiUty, and the Dues of 
Worship. Their greatest Treasure, 
and their best Nobility, in their own 
Opinion, was their having such a 
Daughter as Dorothea," etc. (P. 316.) 



272 



Theobald's Double Falsehood? 



[Shelton] 
and account, was to have had mee for 
their daughter," etc. 

3. "But on the fourth day after I 
had arriued, there came a man in my 
search with a Letter, which he deUuered 
vnto me, and by the indorsement I 
knew it to be Luscinda's; for the hand 
was like hers . I opened it (not without 
feare and assay lement of my senses), 
knowing that it must haue beene some 
serious occasion which could moue 
her to write vnto me, being absent, 
seeing shee did it so rarely, euen when 
I was present. I demaimded of the 
Bearer, before I read, who had deliu- 
ered it to him, and what time he had 
spent in the way. He answered me, 
'that passing by chance at mid-day 
thorow a Streete of the Citie, a very 
beautiful! Ladie did call him from a 
certain Window. Her eyes were all 
be-blubbered with teares, and said 
vnto him very hastily, "Brother, if 
thou beest a Christian, as thou ap- 
pearest to be one, I pray thee for Gods 
sake, that thou doe forthwith addresse 
this Letter to the place and person 
that the superscription assigneth (for 
they be well knowne), and therein thou 
shalt doe our Lord great seruice; and 
because thou maist not want meanes to 
doe it, take what thou shalt find 
wrapped in that Hand-kerchiefe." 
And, saying so, she threw out of the 
Window a Hand-kerchiefe, wherein 
were lapped vp a hundred Rials, this 
Ring of Gold which I carrie here, and 
that Letter which I deliuered vnto 
you; and presently, without expecting 
mine answer, shee departed, but first 
saw me take vp the Hand-kerchiefe 
and Letter, and then I made her signes 
that I would accomplish herein her 
command. And after, perceyuing the 
paines I might take in bringing you it, 
so wel considered, and seeing by the 



[Cbozall] 



3. "The fourth Day of his Court- 
Attendance was now nmning its 
Course, when a Messenger arrives Post 
in Search of him with a Letter, the 
Superscription of which he knew to be 
the Hand-writing of Lusdnda. He 
took it from the Bearer with a Fear, 
that almost overpower'd his Senses: 
He knew it must be some serious and 
uncommon Occasion, that could excite 
her to write to him at that Juncture, 
and address her Letter by that ex- 
traordinary Conveyance. Before Car- 
denio would venture to peruse the 
Billet, he demanded of the Bearer, Who 
had deliver'd it to him? He replied, 
that passing by Chance at Mid-day 
through a Street of their Village, a 
beautiful young Lady had call'd to 
him from a Window, that her Eyes 
were gushing with Tears, and that she 
had conjur'd him, as he appear'd to be 
a Christian, and as her Request was 
in the Cause of Goodness and Religion, 
that he would with the utmost Speed 
convey that Paper for her to the Place 
and Person, to which the Superscrip- 
tion assigned; and that with it she had 
thrown him down a Ring of Gold, and 
Purse of Rials, to purchase his DiU- 
gence in the Business. Cardenio, pale 
and trembUng at this Information, 
thank'd the Messenger, and beg'd 
he would reconvey an Answer from 
him; after which Cardenio withdrew, 
that his Emotions might not be observ- 
able, and read the following afflicting 
Letter. 



273 



6 



Rudolph Schevill 



[Shelton] 
indorsement, that you were the man 
to whom it was addrest — for, sir, I 
know you very wel, — and also obliged 
to doe it by the teares of that beautiful! 
Ladie, I determined not to trust any 
other with it, but to come and bring 
it you my selfe in person; and in six- 
teene houres since it was giuen vnto 
me, I haue trauelled the iourney you 
know, which is at least eighteene 
leagues long.' Whilst the thankfull 
new messenger spake thus vnto me, I 
remayned in a manner hanging on his 
words, and my thighs did tremble in 
such manner, as I could very hardly 
sustayne my selfe on foot; yet taking 
courage, at last I opened the Letter, 
whereof these were the CJontents: 

"'The word that Don Ferdinando 
hath past vnto you to speake to your 
father, that he might speake to mine, 
he hath accomplished more to his owne 
pleasure then to your profit. For, sir, 
you shall vnderstand that he hath 
demanded me for his wife; and my 
father (borne away by the aduantage 
of worths which he supposes to bee in 
Don Ferdinando more than in you) 
hath agreed to his demaund in so good 
earnest, as the espousals shall be cele- 
brated within these two dales, and that 
so secretly and alone, as only the 
heauens and some folke of the house 
shall be witnesses. How I remaine, 
imagine, and whether it be conuenient 
you should returne, you may consid- 
er; and the successe of this affaire 
shall let you to perceiue whether I loue 
you well or no. I beseech Almightie God 
that this may arriue vnto your hands 
before mine shall see itselfe in danger 
to ioyne itselfe with his, which keepeth 
his promised faith so ill,' " etc. (Book 
3, chap, xiii.) 



(Cbozall] 



"The promise that false Ferdinand 
has pass'd to you to speak to your 
Father, that he might speak to mine, 
he has accompUsh'd more to his own 
Pleasure, than your Satisfaction; for 
you shall understand, dearest Car- 
denio, that he has demanded me for 
his Wife. My Father, bom away by 
certain Differences of Fortune, which 
he thinks the weightier in Don Fer- 
dinand's Scale, has agreed to his 
Demand. The Nuptials are to be 
celebrated within these two Days; and 
that so secretly, as only the Heavens, 
and some Particulars of our House, 
are to be the Witnesses. How I 
remain, imagine, by what you yourself 
feel; and whether it be convenient you 
should return, you only can determine. 
The Success of this Affair, in all Events, 
shall let you perceive, whether I love 
you. May this reach your Hand, 
before mine shall be in Danger to be 
given away to the most perfidious of 
Men! As yet, I am your most dis- 
consolate, 

LUSCINDA." 

(Pp. 326-27.) 



274 



Theobald's Double Falsehood f 7 

Episodes which are interrupted in the original English version are 
joined in a way that may be illustrated by the following: Dorothea 
has completed her story and we go back to find out what became of 
Luscinda : 

4. To such Afflictions of Heart, from a State of Ease and Tranquility, 
and to such personal Dangers and Exigencies, from being the Care and Dar- 
ling of her indulgent Parents, did the wanton Passion of Don Ferdinand 
reduce the credulous, deceived Dorothea. Nor did the like Intemperance 
of his Love cost the charming Luscmda much less Anxiety. He would, 
indeed, have married her, etc. (P. 336.) 

If space permitted, a complete list of the changes of style made in 
Shelton for the edition of Croxall might be given at this point to 
help in approximately establishing the age of The Adventures. As 
it is, the examples given above may serve to indicate the manner in 
which the "translator" seems to have tried to bring the Ehzabethan 
English of Shelton somewhat up to date by changing the forms which 
at the time of the "translation" were most apparently obsolete. 
It was but natural that in the cheap process to which the language 
of Shelton was subjected, much of its old character should have 
remained. 

However, where the "translator " displays his talent independently, 
much sentimental rubbish may generally be found, and the changes 
made in Shelton are certainly not improvements in style. But in 
spite of all these defects, the novel is singularly in keeping with the 
taste of the age, if we are to judge by "the favorable reception" 
given to Croxall's collection of novels. We are, therefore, forced to 
conclude that The Adventures on the Black Mountains was especially 
arranged for Croxall by some unknown "eminent hand," and that 
it is not likely, both from the fact that this is the first known edition 
of this particular tale, as well as from its revamped character, that he 
was merely reprinting an old manuscript. If the latter were the 
case, we should have the extraordinary coincidence of a play and the 
tale upon which it is founded surviving in manuscript, only to be 
printed independently, within a year of each other, by the same printer I 

A few of the arbitrary changes made in the plot or situations 
must be mentioned, because some of them have a direct bearing upon 
the play which is to be considered presently. 

275 



Rudolph Schevill 



Shelton 

1. Dorothea: "For, one night as I 
sate in my chamber, only attended by 
a yong Mayden that serued me, I 
hauing shut the doores very safe," etc. 
(Vol. I, p. 260.) 

2. Shelton tells the story of Don 
Ferdinando's and Luscinda's inter- 
rupted marriage ceremony very simply, 
and gives nothing but Don Quixote. 
Croxall makes a more melodramatic 
scene out of it, by adding a description 
not a word of which is in Shelton. (Vol. 
I, pp. 245 ff.) 



3. Dorothea has stolen away from 
home: "And whilest I staide thus in 
the Citie, ignorant of what I might 
doe, .... I heard a cryer goe about 
publikely, promising great rewards to 
any one that could finde me out, giuing 
signes of the very age and apparell I 
wore," etc. (Vol. I, p. 268.) 



4. In Shelton, the curate and the 
barber are waiting for Sancho Panza: 
"Both, therefore, arresting there quiet- 
ly vnder the shadow, there arriued to 
their hearing the sound of a voyce 
which, wUhovi being accompanied by 
any instrument, did resound so sweet 
and melodiously as they remained 
greatly admired, because they esteemed 
not that to be a place wherein any so 
good a Musician might make his 
abode, " etc. The person discovered is 
Cardenio, who, it says, "at this season 
was in his right sense," etc. (Vol. I, 
p. 236.) 



Choxall 

1. "One Night, when this innocent 
young Beauty was retir'd to her 
Chamber, and had dismiss'd her At- 
tendant to taste the Pleasures of Soli- 
tude," etc. (P. 318.) 

2. Now blazed the Hall with Lights, 
a little Altar with Tapers was 
brought forth, close to which foUow'd 
a reverend Priest. Mean-while Car- 
denio stood sweating with Agony; 
Luscinda wrung her Hands, and with 
streaming Eyes, and distracted Mo- 
tions, shew'd her Aversion to the 
Marriage. Don Ferdinand was now 
soothing her with Courtly Gestures; 
and her Father urging her with 
Menaces to yield Obedience to his 
Will." (P. 329.) 

3. "All the Night, she and her 
Attendant Swain travell'd on by the 
obscure Light of a clouded Moon. 
Early the next Morning, as she was 
afterwards acquainted, a Cryer went 
about publickly, by her Father's 
Order, describing her Age, Form, and 
Apparel, and offering great Rewards 
to any One that should bring her 
Home," etc. (P. 334.) 

4. Croxall has: 

"At a Season when Cardenio was 
in his right Sense, and surrounded 
by these willing Comforters, they 
heard from the inner Parts of the 
Rocks, the Sound of a sweet Voice, 
accompanied with the Melody of a Lute. 
This might well prove the Subject of 
Attention and Wonder, as they es- 
teem'd not that to be a Place, wherein 
'twas probable so good a Musician 
should make his Abode." But here 
it is Dorothea who is discovered sing- 
ing and plajring upon a lute. They 
JSnd "the Contents of the Air to be a 
Virgin's Complaint for Love betray'd, 
and broken Friendship." (P. 338.) 



276 



Theobald's Double Falsehood? 9 

Other examples could be added, notably from such passages 
as were penned by the hack "translator" when he was retelhng or 
condensmg parts of the original. 

Let us now try to determine, if possible, why the play Double 
Falsehood was taken from The Adventures, etc., as printed by Croxall, 
and not from the romance of Cardenio and Luscinda, as it is told in 
Shelton's Don Quixote. I may add here, that the Spanish original 
does not enter into the question, because I have found no evidence 
whatsoever which would connect either The Adventures or Double 
Falsehood with the work of Cervantes. Moreover, Theobald, in 
giving the source of the play, seems to refer to Shelton's Don Quixote; 
for he asserts that Don Quixote "was published in the year 1611," a 
date much closer to the appearance of Shelton's first part, 1612, 
than that of the Spanish original, which was printed in 1605. 

Let us begin with the dramatis personam, as they are printed at 
the head of the play, placing at their side the corresponding charac- 
ters of The Adventures. 

Double Falsehood The Adventures, etc. 

Men: Men: 

Duke Angelo Duke Ricardo 

Roderick, his Elder Son Eldest Son 

Henriquez, his Younger Son Ferdinand, second son 

Don Bernard, Father to Leonora Father of Luscinda 

Camillo, Father to JuUo Cleonardo, Father of Cardenio 

Julio, in Love with Leonora Cardenio 

Citizen Messenger 

Master of the Flocks Master of the Flocks 

First Shepherd ) Shepherds 
Second Shepherd ) 

Women: Women: 

Leonora Luscinda 

Violante Dorothea 

Scene, the Province of Andalusia in Scene, the Province of Andaluzia (a 
Spain. Province the richest in all Spain). 

In giving the scene of the story at the outset, Shelton merely 
says, "the place of my birth is one of the best cities in Andalusia," 
Vol. I, p. 198. The Adventures, etc., begins: "To a delightful 
Village near Seville, in the Province of Andalusia (a Province the 
richest in all Spain etc. was good Cleonardo retired). " 

277 



10 Rudolph Schevill 

As regards the number of characters who form a part of the novel, 
it will be seen that it corresponds absolutely with that of the play, 
while those personages, such as attendants, servants, and the like, 
too insignificant to be mentioned in the play's list of dramatis per- 
sonae, occupy the same unimportant place in the thread of the story. 
It would seem, therefore, that such a close correspondence of actors 
would have been impossible if the play had been taken directly from 
Shelton's Don Quixote; there the course of the story is somewhat 
different: it is broken and the intervals are filled with a confusing 
array of outside characters, such as Don Quixote, Sancho, the barber, 
the curate, and others who furnish niunerous irrelevant episodes. 
Yet even more noteworthy is the fact that the plot of the novel, 
shorn of all those extraneous and interrupting elements in Don 
Quixote, should present an excellent parallel to the play also; this 
cannot be a mere coincidence. 

The construction of the play shows practically no originality what- 
soever; the main additions made in it, namely, the breaking into the 
marriage ceremony by Julio, and the meeting of the fathers of the 
young people, were suggested by the novel itself, and made necessary 
by the paucity of episodes. The climax of the play, upon which Mr. 
Bradford bestows especial praise, is developed out of the close of the 
novel, in which all are reconciled at the inn where they have met. 
The particular introduction of the fathers at this place does not indi- 
cate remarkable constructive powers, for the novel tells us that 
everybody is looking for someone, Cardenio for Luscinda, Dorothea 
for Ferdinand, the fathers for their children; and the inn, therefore, 
became the most natural place where all was to be forgiven and every- 
one was to be happy once more. 

In giving the order of scenes in the play, what follows is intended 
to emphasize, first, the fact of a similar sequence of events in the 
novel, and, second, the direct imitation by the play of features which 
do not exist in Shelton and which the author of Double Falsehood 
could have taken only from Croxall's version. 

Act I, scene 1, Duke Angelo and his son Roderick speak of the 
absent Henriquez, the father telling his son to " bring Julio to Court." 
This very short scene is followed by one in a village at the house of 
Camillo, who appears with a letter ordering Julio to Court. The 

278 



Theobald's Double Falsehood f 11 

latter enters, and after reading the mandate expresses in an aside 
his regret at leaving Leonora. He had intended to tell his father of 
his suit, but now defers it: "No moving of my Love-Suit to him 
now?" (p. 4). Of this there is nothing in Shelton, I, p. 200, but 
Croxall has: "This unforeseen Incident made Cardenio think it an 
improper Opportunity to break the Secret of his Passion to his 
Father" (p. 315). Leonora and her maid now enter; Julio bids the 
former farewell with the words: "Duke, I obey thy Summons" 
(p. 6), the latter word being used only in the novel of Croxall. This 
scene gives at length the "thousand endearing Protestations" of the 
novel (p. 316). Bernard, Leonora's father, enters, to whom Julio 
promises that he will speak to his father, Camillo, of his love. In the 
third scene Henriquez and some servants with lights are foimd imder 
Violante's window. She appears and reproaches him for his un- 
worthy suit. "Henr.: 'Why, this Dismission Does more invite my 
Staying' " (p. 12), which is expressed in the novel (p. 318) : "All these 
Cautions on her Side but more inflamed the amorous Appetite on 
his." This act corresponds throughout with pp. 313-18 of the novel, 
which tells of Cardenio's love for Luscinda, the arrival of the letter 
ordering him to Court, his departure, his arrival at the Duke's 
palace, and the love of Ferdinand for Dorothea. 

The latter is the subject of Act II, scene 1: a village; Henriquez 
comes from Violante's room, having possessed her by means of a 
promise of marriage. His monologue is overheard by some citizens 
who do not speak to him, and whose presence is gratuitous, since 
it leads to nothing. We learn that Henriquez has already transferred 
his affection to Leonora, though it is hard to see when he had time to 
meet her. Some time has elapsed before the next scene, in which we 
find Violante bewailing her fall. Henriquez sends her a letter: 
"Our Prudence should now teach us to forget" (p. 16). In scene 
3, his courtship of Leonora is continued. Leonora's father gladly 
admits the suit of Henriquez and tries to force her to accept him: 
she must marry him in two days. Then follows a short scene between 
Bernard and Camillo, the fathers of Leonora and Julio; the former 
says his daughter is not for Julio, and they part quarreling. Leonora 
now appears at the window; a citizen enters to whom she throws a 
purse with money, saying: "I conjure you. Convey this Paper to 

279 



12 Rudolph Schevill 

him, and believe me, you do Heav'n Service in't," etc. (p. 24). This 
episode imitates the novel more closely than Shelton, as can be seen 
from the third example (p. 5), quoted above. The act corresponds 
with pp. 31&-27 of the novel, which proceeds with Dorothea's fall, 
and returning to Cardenio's love for Luscinda tells of Ferdinand's 
disloyalty to his friend and his sudden infatuation for Luscinda, 
of Cardenio's absence, Luscinda's anguish, and her message to him. 

Act III, scene 1, continues the episode and presents Julio, who 
receives Leonora's letter. He curses the treachery of Henriquez 
and decides on an "exchange of Habit" (p. 26) with the citizen, so 
as to be able to enter her house unrecognized. Of this disguise there 
is nothing in Shelton, Vol. I, p. 244. But Croxall adds: "Disguising 
himself for Fear of Don Ferdinand's spies, he secretly approached the 
House of Luscinda" (p. 328). The next scene discloses Leonora 
at home; Julio enters, and she tells him: "what my Letter hath 
declared .... is this Instant on th' effecting" (p. 28). In Croxall 
she begins: "the disastrous Moment is at Hand" (p. 328), of which 
there is nothing in Shelton. She conceals Julio behind the arras and 
the marriage ceremony follows. "Scene opens to a large Hall: 
an Altar prepared with Tapers. Enter at one Door Servants with 
Lights, Hemiquez, Don Bernard and Churchman. At another, 
Attendants to Leonora" (p. 29). Leonora remonstrates with 
Henriquez and her father. This is mostly from Croxall „ namely 
the altar with tapers, while the girl's remonstrance, the father's threats, 
and the like were suggested by the novel, as can be seen from the 
second example above (p. 8), of arbitrary changes made in Shelton. 
Then follows Julio's interruption, which is original with the play 
but may have been suggested by the novel: "Her Refusal had been a 
Cue for his rushing out to her Assistance; but now he remained con- 
founded," etc. (p. 329). Julio is ejected and Leonora swoons. 
"Henr. : 'Bear her to her Chamber: Life flows in her again. Pray 
bear her hence: And tend her as you would the World's best Treasure. 
Don Bernard, this wild Tiunult soon will cease, the Cause remov'd, 

and all return to Calmness Let the Priest wait: Come, go we 

in," etc. (p. 32). In Croxall we are told: "the intended Bride, 
languishing and half recover'd, was ordered into another Room, and the 
Priest directed by Ferdinand to wait, till Matters were better settled" 

280 



Theobald's Double Falsehood? 13 

(p. 330); and "by reason of the Strength of her Fits [she] was con- 
vey' d to her Chamber" (p. 337), of which there is nothing in Shelton, 
Vol. I, p. 248 or p. 266. In the following scene Roderick appears, 
still troubled about his brother and "Julio's departure thus in Secret" 
(p. 32). Camillo enters and accuses him of complicity and then 
the same citizen who brought Leonora's letter announces Julio's 
flight. Bernardo comes in, and another quarrel ends with the 
reconciliation of the fathers. Violante now enters and learns, as in 
the novel, that the marriage was prevented. Her servant says: 
"Your Father makes mighty Offers yonder by a Cryer, to any One 
can bring you home again" (p. 37). How much nearer this is to 
Croxall than Shelton, may be seen from the third example above 
(p. 8) of the arbitrary changes made by the novel. Violante now 
decides to wear a shepherd's habit. This act corresponds with pp. 
327-30 of the novel, the last short scene being taken from p. 334. 
The story continues with Cardenio's return to Luscinda, their 
meeting, the interrupted marriage ceremony, and the flight of 
Cardenio. The reconciliation of the fathers in the play is original, 
but was a necessary and rather obvious bit of padding in an otherwise 
extremely uneventful plot. 

Act IV, scene 1, presents a wide plain with a prospect of moun- 
tains. Shepherds with the Master of the flock, and Violante in boy's 
clothes appear. Julio's madness is described. He enters and gives a 
demonstration of his state. Violante is recognized as a woman and 
assaulted by the Master. Roderick enters, looking for Henriquez, 
and the latter appears, in search of Leonora, who has fled to a con- 
vent. They go together to find her. In the next scene Julio and 
two gentlemen enter. One of the latter says: "He's calm again: 
I'll take this Interval to work upon Him. These wild and solitary 
Places, Sir, but feed your Pain; let better Reason guide you; And 
quit this forlorne State, that yields no Comfort." "(Lute sounds 
within.) Julio: 'Ha! hark, a Sound from Heaven! .... I'm often 
visited with these sweet Airs, The Spirit of some hapless Man that 
dy'd. And left his Love hid in a faithless Woman, Sure haunts these 
Mountains.' (Violante sings)" (p. 47). The subject of her song is the 
"sorrow of a lost maid," and of a false swain who has betrayed her. 
That this is taken directly from the novel will be seen by comparing 

281 



14 Rudolph Schevill 

Shelton and Croxall in the fourth example above (p. 8) of arbitrary 
changes made in the former. Then follows the effect of Violante's 
song on Julio, a sorrowful monologue by the forsaken girl, the meet- 
ing of Julio and Violante, after which he vows that he will not for- 
sake her until her wrong has been atoned for by Henriquez. This 
act corresponds with the novel as follows: the first part of scene 1 
is a fusion of different suggestions taken from pp. 330-36, the rest, 
and scene 2, being from pp. 336-41 of the novel. After the flight 
of Cardenio from the marriage ceremony, his life in the mountains 
and among the shepherds is depicted. Then Dorothea's plight is 
shown, her decision to leave her home to find Ferdinand, her expe- 
riences with her attendant, and with the Master of the flock when 
they discover that she is a woman, and her retreat to the wilds of the 
mountains. Then the narrative returns to Luscinda's escape to a con- 
vent and the pursuit by Ferdinand. Thereafter it continues the 
story of Dorothea and her meeting in the mountains with Cardenio. 

Act V has two scenes, one a prospect of the mountains, the other 
an apartment in the Lodge. The fathers, in search of the children, 
here meet. All enter in succession, Roderick, Leonora and Henri- 
quez, then Violante who accuses Henriquez, finally Julio, and a 
general reconciliation follows. This act is developed out of pp. 341- 
44 of the novel: Cardenio and Dorothea are "to suffer themselves 
to be conducted to an Inn." Luscinda, "snatched from the Con- 
vent," is brought there by Ferdinand, and after explanations, mutual 
forgiveness, and a reconciliation, all ends in a "sumptuous Enter- 
tainment." 

If it has been possible to show that the novel entitled The Adverts 
tures on the Black Mountains is nothing more than Shelton furbished 
up for Croxall's collection at the beginning of the eighteenth century, 
and if it can be asserted that Double Falsehood is a slavish dramatiza- 
tion of the novel, it has become unnecessary to insist that there is 
not the remotest probability that Theobald had a lost "History of 
Cardenio" either by Shakespeare or Fletcher as a basis for his play 
Double Falsehood. The names of the cast must have been conceived 
with the original construction, for it seems incredible that Theobald 
should have rewritten a play in verse to the extent of putting Julio 
for Cardenio, and the like, in every verse in which one of the many 

282 



Theobald's Double Falsehood f 15 

names occurs. And what reason could he have had for changing the 
names? It is impossible to discover one. He does not seem to 
have been acquainted with that hazy and ill-founded tradition which 
attributes a "History of Cardenio" to Shakespeare and Fletcher, 
or he would have left the names of the original story. He may have 
heard that there was once a play taken from this episode in Don 
Quixote, and so was impelled to try his hand at one, attributing it to 
the writer he knew better than did any of his contemporary critics. 
The story of the origin and character of the manuscripts of 
Double Falsehood is unconvincing from beginning to end. Theobald 
tells us in his Preface: 

It has been alleg'd as incredible, that such a Curiosity should be stifled 
and lost to the World for above a Century. To This my Answer is short; 
that tho' it never till now made its Appearance on the Stage, yet one of the 
Manuscript Copies, which I have, is above Sixty Years' Standing [the italics 
are mine] in the Handwriting of Mr. Downes, the famous Old Prompter; 
and, as I am credibly inform'd, was early in the Possession of the celebrated 
Mr. Betterton, and by Him design'd to have been usher'd into the World. 
What Accident prevented This Purpose of his, I do not pretend to know: 
Or thro' what Hands it had successively pass'd before that Period of Time. 
There is a Tradition (which I had from the Noble Person, who supply'd 
me with One of my Copies) that it was given by our Author, as a Present 
of Value, to a Natural Daughter of his, for whose Sake he wrote it, in the 

Time of his Retirement from the Stage. Two other Copies I have, etc 

Another Objection has been started .... that the Tale of this Play, 
beiag built upon a Novel in Don Quixot, Chronology is against Us, and 
Shakespeare could not be the Author. But it happens that Don Quixot was 
publish'd in the Year 1611, and Shakespeare did not dye till April 1616, a 
sufiScient Interval of Time for All that We want granted. 

What a collection of old wives' tales! Three manuscript copies 
of an unknown play by Shakespeare: as if one were not wonderful 
enough, Theobald goes out and buys more copies; a tradition gra- 
ciously supplied by an unmentioned "noble person" together with 
one copy; the play was given to a natural daughter by Shakespeare, 
as a present of value, the former being as improbable as the second is 
impossible, considering the worth of Double Falsehood. Downes, the 
prompter, d. 1710, in whose handwriting one of the copies was pre- 
served, had been dead some seventeen years when the play appeared, 
and there is no evidence that the handwriting was submitted for 

283 



16 Rudolph Schevill 

examination to those who doubted Theobald's word. Nor would 
any such examination have been conclusive, since even experts on 
handwritings disagree on the authenticity of a specific hand. Be- 
sides, there is a curious absence of other names connected with the 
story of these manuscripts; the whole legend of Double Falsehood 
has rested upon Theobald's assertion, and he mentions in con- 
nection with it only men like Downes and Betterton, long in their 
graves. 

Now all critics of Shakespeare have always agreed that there is 
nothing of his in this play, and Theobald asserted (and perhaps he 
ought to know) that Fletcher had no hand in it. And how can we 
believe that three manuscript copies, based wholly or in part upon 
The Adventures, survived to be furbished up by Theobald for the 
stage, with all this hazy evidence about the manuscripts and the dis- 
agreement between Theobald and subsequent critics ? Perhaps the 
conclusion of Churton Collins is the nearest to the truth after all, and 
the play was for the most part " from Theobald's own pen." He was 
certainly capable of writing a piece which is a manifest attempt to 
reproduce Shakespeare's language. What else are such absurd lines 
as: "Marry, now there is some Moral in his Madness" (p. 41), not 
to mention several others ? If Croxall wanted to back Theobald's 
claim by printing the actual source of the play, in the hope that 
people would be led to believe that Don Quixote and not The Ad- 
ventures was the real source, he made a mistake. Even the change 
of all of the names of the original could not always prevent people 
from comparing the three productions upon which this article is 
based. 

The result of all our comparisons is, then, that The Adventures 
is directly taken from Shelton. When ? Hardly immediately, else 
there would not have been the linguistic change; that in all probabil- 
ity it was done for Croxall, because the changes in incident and 
language are such as to make the story conform more closely to the 
taste of the later seventeenth or early eighteenth century. Moreover, 
to have been used by Fletcher, it must have been done before 1625, 
a thing so improbable that it may almost be called impossible. 
Therefore either the play is neither by Fletcher nor Shakespeare, 
or the play is not taken from The Adventures on the Black Mountains. 

284 



Theobald's Double Falsehood? 17 

But it has been shown that there is a definite relation between the 
novel and the play, namely that the latter is based on the former, and 
thus belongs to the early eighteenth century. Against this there 
is nothing but Theobald's story, which convinces no one. And if 
Theobald hoodwinked the public, would he do it for the sake of some- 
one else? That seems most imlikely. Therefore, in conclusion, if 
it cannot be proved that the revamped version of the romance of 
Cardenio entitled The Adventures on the Black Mountains was known 
at least sixty years (the age of the Downes manuscript) before the 
first appearance of the play, according to the evidence which remains, 
Theobald must have obtained a manuscript copy of the novel, 
possibly from the printer Watts. At all events, his name is the only 
one that can be definitely coimected with the authorship of Double 
Falsehood. 

Rudolph Schevill 
University op Caufobnia 



285 



