Printed for son at the Black Swan without
Temple-bar, and fold by at the

Uxford-Arms in Warwick-lane, Price 1 5.

— neni

Right Honourable

CHARLES
Far of Halifax.

Boy coe Would fain be jude’d to think

fal tied very modestly of my Performance
t this Poem, but
bave reason to fear the World
will fufpett me of Arrogance, for prefiming
to infcribe it to Your Lordthip;
or at least determine, that I bave a more
than common Esteem for this Piece.

of NAC wR
i ae a

DEDICATION. -
I were a Diffimulation I could not etm
say digest,to pretend I bave no little T en.
derne{s for its Welfare: I wrote the whole
with a particular Plenfire, and bave
look’d on It with the Affection of a-fond
Parent’; but ‘when I confe(s’ it my Fa=
vourti¢s Niy dogds I pam ffillsfo corm
Sotous of its being distant from erfettion.

that 1 foresee ouly One of the Greatest

tenance, or srreen its Errors from too

pete 7.
severe an Laguifttion

I bave formd an Opinion to my fe

Damuing Critici{m, But let me fland
excus d to Your Lordship, from ass
ming any Eretenfeons to Your Favour,
iban from an bumble Ambition of defer
vig it: Your Lordthip # the Great
Meccenas of thir Ave, in the Encou=
ragement

DEDICATION
ragement.of Poefy ; and. the Apollo,
in the Superior Excellence of your T au
lent in this Art. |
f need uot blush to own, tharmy Dex

fire of throwing this Poem. at. Your

Lordship's Feet, alone infpir d Me t9
tbe penning of lt ; and that my Prefum=
ptton im doing my self this. Honour slow’ d
from an Assurance I have, that to beg
Your Lordship's Protet#on, a: in some
measure to deserve it. I wilh 1 could
with Truth put im for a further Claim,
but all my Merit beyond this mujt Cen=
ter it Your Lordthip’s Candour -
Ana,My Lord, I am sensible That Ge.
nerofrty of Tour Soul is so exctenfive, tbat
Your Good Nature always Softens the Se.
verity of Lour Fudgment » and you force
Your self to Pardon, even what Yon
cannot be pleas 'd at.

Lam ftell accountable to Your Lord
thip for an Infolence, which 1 am wholly
at 4 Loss to excuse.; that being so far

frou

DEDICATION.
from a Master in the Idiom of my own
Time, IL should venture to flart up an
Imitator of the Immortal Shakespeare:
P know Your Lordthip's Difcerument
Will eaftly perceive, that my Imitation is
very Superficial ; extending only to the
borrowing some of bis Words, without
being able to follow bim in the Position
of tbem, bis Style, or bis Elegance,
This Vanity is fuficient for my Cotte
denmation, yet bad I no other Defetts to
excuse, I aight with more Alfurance beg

Leave to subs{cribe my Self,
My Lord,
Your Lordship's moss
Devoted, and Obedient.

Humble Servant,

Lew. Theobald.

@2AAN barren Soil, and damp unwholfome

é yy Where weeping Clouds Eternal Dew |
aintilla ; ee
Where no gay Sun-shine did the Morning chear, 7
Or Mid-day Fires the dark Meridian eild ;

) (spread,
A Cave there flood ; whose vaulted Sides were

When: Nature first rear’d her Created Head»
ey te:

meee K

Ten Thousand Doors, like Flaws in mouldring Earth,

Led to the Center of the Gloomy Den 5

And each to ftreaky Gleams of Light gave Birth,

That shot a-thwart the Dusk, and seem'd a-kin :
Pale as the Fire) that on Night’s Vifage glows,

Serving alone her Horrors to disclose:

Oft o’er the Moody Dome hoarfe Ravens fly,
The Chatt’ring Mag-pye, and the Ribauld Crow ;
Oft hungry Weazels thrike, and Padocks dye,
Thro’ Famine, jn th’ unfurnifh’d Vales below :
The Vales vio vital Nourishment produce, .

Scant is their Grass, and venom’d is its Juice.

Defart, yet populous, the Plains appear,

Th? imperfe& Image of a ghaitly Dream’;
Here unknown Noises pierce the gallow’d Ear,

There living Forms, like empty Phantoms, seem :

All was. confus’d, yet all was of a piece 5

Nature ’twas still, but Nature in Duftrefs.

A Hundred hideous Shapes the Cave surround,
Th’ Unlov’d Retinue of their Meagre Queen 5
Rude Discord brawls, Quarr’lous Debates abound,

And ugly Fraud, and Indigence obscene :
Dullnefs and Ign’rance erft did haunt the Place,

Till Fortune fmil’d, and shew'd the Sisters Grace.

Far in the Dungeon’s Depth, in fullen Pride,

On matted Straw the gloomy Regent {at :

Famine, Despair, and Sickness by her side

The Motions of her envious Pleasure- wait.
Behind her violent Deaths attend ; which, when

Inrag’d, she sends to tempt. unwary Men.

Pale was her Face, and fhrivell’d was her Skin,
Ey yes funk, and starting Bones , as she were now

RD ry
Sie: Lhe

OT Re roar

A The Cave of POVERTY.

The Skeleton of what she once had bin;

So lean and wretched did the Daemon thew :
Her Locks with Filth so clotted, she appears
A Fury, hung with Snakes, instead of Hairs.

VIII.

Plain was her Furniture, of homely Wood ;
And mean, and fquallid, was her whole Attire ,
Some far-fetch’d Roots and Water were her Food,
And Furz of Heaths the Fewel of her Fire.

On Earthen LamptwiceT wentyGlow-worms lay,

Whose {pangled Light supplies the want of Day.

Arouhd upon the craggy Walls, that seem'd

The Remnants of a Rock by Time fubdu’d,

Hung Tablets, large,and various ; which were deem’d
The triftful Regent’s choiceft Interlude :

These did, in pencil’d Portraiture, contain

The nun’rous Triumphs of her Iron Reign,

A Thousand Lamentable Objects grace

The Life-exprefling Charts, which set to view

Jo what sad Shifts does Misery debafe

The Soul and Appetite, when Wants pursue :
What fhamelefsFraud from pinchingHunger grows,
What coarse Repafts does mighty Need impose.

Xl.

Flere might one see some Foe-beleaguer’d Town,

Scant of Provision, weak in her Defence,

In Colour-wrought Distress the Vidor own,

And, Famine to evade, with Chains dispense.
At Distance Centries pale, in anxious Strife,
Cast Lots for Mice to cherish ebbing Life.

Oa adverse Column was a- Scene display'd
Of Universal Havock, general Woe ;
Comets aloft their yellow Trefles {pread,

And noxious gouthern Tempefts seem to blow $

The imitated Sky appears a-dust,
And tainted with the baleful, fultry, Gust.

AIII,

While Herds below the Mortal Influence feel,
ome dying on the Herbage, others dead,
struck with th’ Aerial Blast they seem to reel,
With languid swimming Eye, and drooping Head.
The hardy Steer a-while resists his Pain,

But sinks o’er-master'd with the potent Bane.

1¢ fierce Contagion, that on Beasts began,
Turns: its ambitious Arms to nobler Prey ;
And fcorning meaner, Triumphs, now on Man
Does its inhuman hostile Strength eflay :
Grim Poverty eres her haughty Head,

By Peftilence to see her Empire {pread,

Sister of Envy ! Heart-afliding Fiend!

TYAS
LAiUe lt f

iter of Hell! and Parent of Annoy !

Stern

Stern Nurse of Difcontents ! Oppression's Friend !
Copefmate of Dolour! Enemy to Joy !
When will thy fatal Thirst of Mischief cease >

When wilt thou” let the harrafs’d World have
(Peace?

Unlike the last Design, tho’ next in place,

A. diffrent Profped of Distress is seen.

A stately Bark, in distant Northern Seas,

Awaits a friendly Thaw, and Sky serene.
In vain she waits, the solid Frost reftrains

Her lab’ring’Keel, ‘and binds in Tey Chains.
XVII.

Fast in the cold Confinement lodg’d she stands ,
Her Crew defponding on each other Stare,
Mourning that Art, nor strong aflifting Hands,
Can counsel, or avail, as now they fare ;
Their Course retarded and Provision spent

Prescribe Despair, and fatal Thoughts foment :

The Cave of Povirty,

XVIIE.

There might you see a Sailor, with a Face

Intending heavy Plight, and wordlefs Woes,

In-ly debate the Hardship of his Cafe,

And curse the Cause, to which his Fate he owes :
Blame niggard Fortune that enforc’d him roan;

And would not grant a Suftenance at home.

Others aloft om Deck One trembling Mate;
With Daggers drawn, pursue ; who seems to plead
Against their murth’ring Haste ; to deprecate
His Doom, and urge the Guilt of their Mifdeed :
Vain is the Rhet’rick of his Eyes and Tongue;
Fis Death the Life of others must prolong.

56 nice the Painter’s Art; it all supplies
But Words to breath his Agonizing Pain $

Fur Words, he drew such Paflion in his Eyes,

Aa far above weak Language does complain > %
Galle

The Gave of Poverty. 9

Calls ’eia inhuman and ungentle Knaves,

Batbarians; murth’rihg Carls, and savage Slaves:

What can my Blood, the Shadow seems to say;

To your Relief contribute, when ’tis fpilt ?

Will ftaving off grim Death a httle Day;

Before “jut Heav’n, compensate for your Guilt ?
O think, as Hunger will again invade you,

Your Turns will come, and let that Thought dis+
({wade you.

AAXIT.

From pidtur’d Ocean the delighted Eye

Skips o’er to Landfchap of some Verdant Heath $

On whose lone Skirts, full oft, in: Ambuth lye

The Sons of Rapine, threat’ning bloody Death :
There, treach’rous Hedges andthe winding Road

Befpeak the Robber’s Haunts, and Theft forebode,
XXIIE
tn from his Steed anon you might behold

Fhe frighted Traveller, beset and pale ;
C Whem

i Whom four-fac’d Russians, that demand his Gold,

With tharp Rebukes and sharper Swords affail -
Foree is their Law; and prefling Want inspires
Their Breasts to lawless Ads, and foul Desires.

AXIV.

On diff’rent Pannel of the rough-hewn Wall,

A Sketch of more abftrated Woe appears ;

The lively Semblance of domeftick Thrall,

Where Infants cry, and Mothers are in Tears ;.
In vain,the good Man pleads his Care of thriving :
What’s Care, ftrone Poverty against it striving 2

Hundreds of such Descriptions, all around,
Diversify the Room with Painted Story :
Flatt’ring the Goddess, who main Pleasure found
In the Survey of her malignant Glory.

With conscious Pride,she eyes the Num’rous Plans,

And, by the Past, her Future Prowess scans.

XXXVI

AXVI.
Had I an Hundred Mouths, as many Tongues,
Had I old Neffor’s Brain, Minerva’s Skill,

Flad I the Roifting Stentor’s Brazen Lungs,
Had I an Utt’rance as Fame’s Trumpet fhrill ;
I could not half the Pageant Ills o’ercall,
That garnish and betrim the gloomy Wall.

XXVII.

My Tongue would faulter and my Utt’rance fail,
My Lungs grow weak, and Copioufnefs confuse

The Series of my Part-deliver’d Tale,

My Skill and Brain their Force and Funétions lose ;
So much Imaginary Work was there,

No Mem’ry cou’d comprise, no Verse declare.

XXVIII.

How, o’er the Continent, and furrow’d Main,
In Pop’leus Gities, and in Village f{mall,
Stern Poverty did Arbitrary reign 5

And hald Mankind in Vaflalage and ‘Thrall
C 2 Sub-

Subduing each with fev’ral hurtful Art,

That drains the Life-blood, or that pricks the
(Heart.
Xx XIX.

Ev'n as Theffalan Witch, whose potent Spight

With Moon-colle&ed Herbs, or Philtred Cup,

With Waxen Image, Earth-intomb’d by Night,
Fell-pleasing Prayirs, or dead Men’s Bones dug up, ~
Doth on her fuss'ring Patient work those Ends

Hier Malice didates, or her Rage intends ;

Pois’ning the Peasant's Health, to that degree,
His Flesh is wither’d, and his Colour fled ;
Driving the Swain to frantick Extafie

Of hot Desires, that court the Callet’s Bed :
With Magick Thorn compelling heavy Pain,

That works thro’ ev'ry Nerve, and wounds the
: (Brain.

<7 r aiviey V $e

maX Xx x. °
ep vm my ede a Se on" >EN ey ZIxI4 | ¢ >
20 Po verty, with fierce envenom d Spleen,

Racks f her foul Vhoughts to multiply Annoy ;
ae & %, uf th 3

Deals out commission'd Plagues from her Demean,
Some to torment, dnd Others to destroy :
The licens’d Ills their Regent’s Hefts obey s

Hatfte to their Charge; and make the World their
(Prey,

XXXII.

Hence One, with afhy Cheek and haggard Kye,

The Inward Labour of his Soul betrays 5

While’ Debt does with inceflant Horrors ply
The haunted Wretch, and curses all his Days 5
Rides him in Dreams ; and harrafles his Nights

With Tip-ftaves, and Imaginary Frights.
XX XIII.

Hence One, with fallow Face and gloomy Air,
Turns to the Earth his difcontented Eyes 5

The Jaundice. of his T hought-diftracing Care,

Makes him abhor the Sun and gaudy Sktes :
Grim Bege’ry holds the Meagre Wight in Chace,

Whole Pride contends to cloak the dire DifgracewYVTV

NAD i Vo

14 [he Cave of Porreen

KXXIV.

Hence Others, whose ungovern’d Years have run
Quite thro’ the Leavings of their Father’s Care,
Reduc’d to Want, by Us’rers are undone ;
And perish in Extortion’s griping Snare :

At once the greedy Whirl-pool drinks em down :

And, e're they can perceive they fink, they drown,

AXXV,

Some in the Law’s expensive Net are tangled,
some on the Rock of Bigot-Zeal are split ;
Some by too fervent Loyalty imbrangled,
some ruin’d by too fierce and dang’rous Wit:
Almighty Poverty can work her Will

evry Cause alike, thro* Good, or II,

& LITO

As in the Cretan Labyrinth of old,
The fabled Glory of Dedalean Art,
With curling Wave, and many a crooked fold,

The ringy Paths did wander out, and part;

The Cave of Poverry.

Yet various as they ran, the fev’ral Ways
Led to the Center of the winding Maze.
XXXVIL
Oras, in Man, some sharp Diftemper’s Rage;
Like trenchant Sword, can cut Life’s brittle Chain;
Or Sleep itself the Soul can difengage,

As well as Feavers or convulfive Pain :

So ev’ry Chance, if Poverty so please,
Can serve, Us of our Fortunes to difleize.
XXXVIIIL

This knew the Goddess, and with Pride élate,
Like bloated Toad, fat {welling in her Cave ;
Pond’ring with pleas’d Malignity her State,

And how she might the Earth’s whole Globe enflave:
And ever and anon her blood-shot Eyes

She throws, her willing Tenants to revise,
XX XIX.

For from each Avenue, that downward guides

Fo the main Chamber of the murky Den,

A slender Entry wound; whose hollow’d Side

Did Ranks of subterranean Rooms contain :
i Retreats to such as uncompell’d did own
The Regent’s Title, and rever’d her ‘Throne:
Here, in {mall silent Dormitories, lay
Clusters of Bards; who, when they struck the Lyre,
Did thro’ the Caverns Harmony convey ;
Awak’ning fprightly Love and gay Desire.
These did the Worild’s vain Idol, Wealth, despise;
Panting for Fame, and the contested Prize:

Here some in Hutts, like Hermets Cells, were plac’d,

Hamm’ring {weet Sonnet in the Lyrick Strain ;

Some in their Verse the soft Anacreon trac’d ;

Some copied Homer in more {welling Vein:
Others in Ballance weigh’d, with Skill profound,

The Force of Sense against the Charms of Sound.

And empty Vantage of Superior Place ;
The Staff or Garter; which did erft adorn,

The Gave of Poverty. 17

XLIL

In sep'rate Cabin there you might behold

A Herd of Men by Titles only known ;

Trim {tately Courtiers, all imbofs’d cad Gold,

Whose yellow Luftre thro’ the Darkness shone :
But their o’erwhelming Brows did seem to borrow

A penfive Low’ring from repentant Sorrow.
XLIL

Sick- thoughted, they their once- -priz’d G randeut
Clcorn 3

Have loft their boasted Dignity and Grace :
Sith the Remembrance of such transient Fame

Dies with the Wearer, not prolongs his Nae,

XLIV:

These did, in their Ambition’ S jocund Hour,
The Muse's Rev’rend Compliments receive 5
Smil’d on the Numbers that f,ir-spoke their Pow’r;

Bur let the Bard uinguerdon’d take his Leave :

18 The Cave of P ovary.

And that fair Quital,, shou'd have been his Hire,

Lavith’d on Vice and reprobate Desire.

i | “Xv.

O ‘faulty Riot, and Crest-wounding Shame !

O worthless Drofs ill spar'd, more vilely'{pent !

Full nobly had his Verse fecur’d your Fame

From Death, and never-dying Honours Jent;
Had grateful Treatment but provok’d his Lays

To grant the long Inheritance of Praise.

XLVI.

Next These, of pining Churls a-tatter’d Tribe,
The Spoils of Age and éver-waking Cares
Whose-Looks the Temper of their, Souls describe,
Ana Av’rice and Mistrust decipher’d bear:
Brooding o’er Heaps of Gold, for more they thirit;

Poor in Belief, tho’ with Abundance curft.
ALVII.

Self-starving Beggars! Wealth-diffembling Knaves J

Heirs to Reproach ! unaiding, unbefriended !
Sons

The ‘Gave of Poverty. 19

Sons of sharp Mis’ry ! Money’s envious Graves
Pale Presidents of Want with Plenty blended !
Like Tantalus, ingirt with dazling Store ;

Which touch you dare not, or you have no Pow’r.
XLVIIL

Just were thy Judgment, Heav’n, if Curse, so ftange,
Of Phrygian Midas did these Wights furprize ;
And ev’ry thing they touch, its Nature change,
Transforming to the Plague they idolize :
Then might the greedy Mifers starve indeed,
Or, Eftrich-like, on Ingots learn to feed.

ALIX,
Of Prodigals a rude and roifting Train,
Like Bees in Hives,{warm thro’ the neighb’ring Cells;
Thick, as the Sands on Africk’s Sun-beat Platn,
Or Billows, when the Wind-rouz’d Ocean {wells :
With wild Profufion these consume their Store,

And rack Invention, lab’ring to be poor.

ie | fe

Improvident, luxurious, shallow Fools !

Wife Men's Derifion ! and the Sharper’s Prey !

Feast-finding Minftrell’s Patrons! Harlot’s Tools!

Night’s Mates, the Scornings of the Tell-tale Day !
Were all Paéiolus’ Golden Streams your own,

You‘d drain the wealthy Channel, e’er have done.

In gloomy Cavern here you might -survey

Beldams, hard-favour’d, and with Age grown double;

Churlith and crooked, Objects of Decay,

The Triumphs of h arfh Need,and long-liv’d Trouble:

At fight of whose Diftrels, in fierce Difinay,
The Village-Curs wou'd bark and stand at bay.

El.

Hence the gross Vulgar, who from outward Plight
Of inward Bearing found their rath Surmife,

Mifdeem’d them Haggs, foul Sisters of the N ight ;

And thought their way ward Moods of Magick Rife :

The. Cave of Povirty. ‘a1

On Hellifh Combination charging Woes,

Which from Extremes of Want alone arose.

LIIl.

Onward a griefly Troop of Aged Seers,
Strangers to Cleanliness, and Slaves to Thought,
With Beards wide-spreading on their Breasts,appears;
These the mysterious Births of Nature fought :
Striving th’ unfathomable Depth to found
With strained Wisdom, and Conceit profound,

How known Effects from distant Causes slow ;
What {trong Disease the solid Earth can thake ;
Whence springs the Thunder, or the fleecy Snow;
What Tranfmutations mounting Vapours take :
Resolving all to Second Cause's Force,

And Element’s contingent Intercourse,

Cloifter'd with These, more modern Madmen fat :

Watching an Embrio, which their Hopes will foil,

Ua i Pay
That

Tbe Cave of POWER Py.

That: ne’er by Time of Art shall grow compleat ;
But, hafPning to: Perfection, °mock' their Toil:
The Sublimated Spirit contends for room,

Breaks its Glass Pris’n, and vanishes in Fume.

Strack with Surprize the Chymiek' Dotards groan,
To {ee such Issue of their “Care and Cost ;

To see-the precious. Preparation’ flown,

And -almost-finish'd Magifterium loft:
Think they their Error know ; but know too late,

When the curft Error has out-run their State.

LYII.

Who erft, like Chymifts, did vain Hopes pursue ;

By costly Dress and’courtly Phrase, depended

The Golden Nymiph’s Affections to’ subdue :

But now the Lass-lorn Lovers, in Disgrace,

Drop their Mock State, and wear a penfive Face.

Fhe Gave of PoveErty: 23
LVIil.

in diffrent Cells a mingled Croud reside,
That Want and Mis’ry in their Aspects bear ;
Here Pilgtims, Henmets, meagre Anch’rets' glide;
And pale Love-Jacking Nuns, of rigid Clare,
Who shone, like blue-vein’d Violets, peering thro’

A tufted: Hillock,’’ or'a ragged: Bough.

Attir’d in Discontent, and cursing Peace,
Disbanded Red-Coats stalk with folded Arms 5
Here, the Mob’s Curse, and changing Time’s Difeate,
A Bevy of Discarded States-men fwarms :

There, Courtefans that have out-liv’d, Desires ;

Here, Parasites, Projectors, begging Fryars.

Lazars, and Artists here of ev'ry kind:
Your whimfie-govern’d Virtuofo’s there 5
Fidlers, a mighty Throng, with Heads inclin’d,

Lif’nine at Ecchoes and imagin’d Air.
a o C la

24 Ibe Cave of Poverry.

Of those, whom fqueamith Conscience aw'd,a few 5
And from the slow'ry Paths of Int'rest drew.
i LXL
1 Far in the Gloom appears a distant Crowd;
Loft to-Diftin@ion in the thick’ned Shade
But All of Such, as have Allegiance vow'd ;

And willing Homage to the Regent paid:
Sick of the hazy Vaults the Muse up-springs,
And spreads in purer Air her Silver Wings,

Fegan akg haley &

LXII.
wpeets FT as the lew’ring Night prepar’d to drive
AD; Her Chariot thro’ the Fields of dark’ned Atr,
And the Declining Sun made haste to dive
His Golden Head beneath the Hemisphere :
Posting to Thetis? Arms, as Bards devise 5

Or else to lend his Beams to other Skies.

i LXIIl.

LXIII.

When warbling Birds their Ev’ning Songs began,
When lowing’ Herds for Stalls the Pastures leave ;
When, o’er his Cups, the wearied Artisan
Sought from the Toils of Day a glad Reprieve ;
When all the busy Buz of Trade was done,

And murnyring Merchants from Exchanges gone.

LA EY.

Conscious of Silence’s approaching Reign,

he subtle..Goddess. o’er her Cavern’s Head
Two brazen Tubes, whose Hollows drank a-main
Rach whittling Breath of Ambient Air, display'd ;
As oft “tis seen, the narrow winding Lanes

Draw in each Blast that {weeps a-cross the Plains,
So did these Pipes, by some attradive Pow’r,

(Secret of Nature, or her Hand-maid Art >

In their long Necks colledted Sounds devour,

Fhat from the Earth’s most distant Confires stare :

Which;

Which, marching downward thro’. the Concave
(Brass,

Strait to the gloomy Regent’s Chamber pass.

LXVI.

Were Make-bates, fond of propagating News ;
Whose Tongues were Organs of Eternal Strife 5

These Sounds were thought their Murmurs to trans-
Phat lutleives behind. withfansofAirs vos
Impell’d ’em to the Dufky Thorough-fare.

LXVIIL.

Br hither arriv'd, those Sounds, that in their Flight
Only, like Winds, groan’d thro’ the lab’ring Air,
As thro’ the Tubes their March they expedite,
/(Extravagance of Wonder to declare! )

Break into Words articulate and plain ;

Coherent Words in one continued Strain.

LXVIII.

Thus Artificial Ecchoes catch the Sound,

Re-wording, what we did at distance speak 5 _
EK 2 Thus

Thus Accents in a Gall’ry travel round
The Crannied Walls, and as they travel, break
Thro’ ev'ry Gap: In hoarfe, but louder, Tone

Repeating what was in a Whisper blown.
L XIX.

Thus, thro’ the circling Eddies of the Brass,

The pregnant Murmurs winding re-obtain

Their former Voice ; and, loud’ning as they pass,

Revive to Words, and their first Charge explain :
Conveying Speeches to the Regent’s Ear,

Which footh her Pow’r,or which the loathsto hear.

But both the Tubes with diff’rent Lessons fraught,
Unlike the Tongue that breathes a double Story
Deceitful in its Office; One still brought
The Air-deliver’d Record of her Glory ~
Soothing her with a Tale that seem'd to shew
How much Mankind did to her Empire owe.
LXXI,

LXXI.

The Other, tho’ with plaintive Legends ftor’d

Which curft her Pow’r and harsh Supremacy,

Did to her Pride and Envy Food afford,

While it confirm’d the Measure of her Sway :
What Thousands, with her Iron Scepter bruis’d,

In Anguish her Inclémency a¢cus’d.
LXXII.

Thro’ the waste Season of each live-long Night,
To learn the breathing Hift’ry of her State,
Th’ unfated Goddess with renew’d Delight,
Still as the Statue of Attention fat ,
Till Morn her Ruby-colour’d Portal op’d,
And bustling Noise the lame Narration stop'd.

LXXITII.

No balmy Slumber, clos’d her heavy Eyes, ,
No drouzy Interval her Sp’rit benumns ;
No Inadvertence does her Soul furprize,

No Lethargy her watchful Sense o’ercomes :

No lazy Vapours of the Night prevail
To rob her of the Time-beguiling Tale.

LKXIV.

Tntent, with fullen Majesty, the waits
The undulating Sounds to entertain ;
When first a modest Voice it self dilates
In Whispers unexprefs, nor. fully plain ;
And round the vocal Walls as gently roves,

As infant Zephyrs sigh in Myrtle Groves.
LXXV.

non the more couragious Accents {well, —
Put on Diftin@ion, and in louder Tone,
Like ‘distant Thunders, bellow thro’ the Cell;
Or Seas, that with approaching Tempefts groan :
The Goddess listens at th’ inlarging Sounds,

When thus the Voice from murm’ring Tube re-

(bounds,
LXXVI,

Curse on the envious Fate, that tyes me down

To fervile Is my gen’rous Soul difda'rs !

Curse

The hated Shifts, which mighty Need conftrains !
O Comfort-killing State ! Heart-wounding Grief !

Curse on the Shifts my needy Age has known ;
O Sorrows that admit no kind Relief!
LX XVII.

Why am I fore’d to gtoari beneath a Weight,
My bending and o’er-labour’d Strength would fain

Throw off ? Why struggle with a wayward Fate ?
And bootlefs heave against Eternal Pain >
Why may not Friendly Death come end my Smart,
When, tir’d of Life, E court his Ebon Dart ?

LXXVIII.

O Poverty, thou Mistress too severe!
Striv’ft thouto break the thing,thou should'ft butbend?
Thy Pow’r confess'd, should make thee less austere ;
The Vidt’ry gain’d, thy Rage in Mercy end.

Haft thow not got the Day, what would’ft thou moe?

Fis barb’rous to insult a proftrate Foe.

BXN TX.

LXX IX.

Behold, how strongly thou my Pride haft check’d !

Behold, how Friendship does afkaunce his Eye!

How every Face is fcrued to Difrefpet !

How, like Infection, all my Commerce fly !
Ev'n as the Herd, sway'd by remorfelefs Fear,

From his known Covert chase the wounded Deer.
LX XX.

Behold, what bitter Cares my Peace annoy: !
How Want diftraéts, and Contumely wounds !
How fore Distress Life’s Pleasure does destroy !
How Plagues ingirt, and Misery surrounds !
Bated on ev’ry side, what Arts I use
To *fcape the Mischief, which too fast pursues !

LX AML

Ev’n as the Dew-bedabled Lev’ret flies,
Whom with full Scent the fiery Grey-hounds trace ;
Who, with vain Subtlety, t? avoid Surprize,

Confeunds their Smell ‘and doubles in her Race:

Her Cunning serving but her Fears to strengthen,

Protract Dismay,and Danger’s Date out-lengthen,
LXXXIL
Thro” Thee, O rigid Queen of Phrafelef Woe!
(Here previous Sighs prepare the fequent Sorrow,) >)
Our unhufh’d Cares no gentle Requiem know,
Nor soft Reprieve from Slumber’s Aidance borrow ?

Like Difcontented Ghosts, in hideous Plight
Teazing the dreadful Dead of dark Mid-night.

Lex Sit.

Nor when the hot and fiery-pointed Sun

Has drunk the Morning’s Silver melting Dews

Is the sad Term of our Affli@ions run,

But with the varied Time Distress renews : |
Like gross and hardy Sp’rits that dare out! {tay

The Verge of Night, and brave the plaring Day.
LX XXIV.

Thro’ Thee, the half-ftarv’d Soldier fheaths in Arms

His rugged Limbs, and in the Cifqve his Head ;
y Thro’

34: The: Cave.of Poverry.

Thro’. Thee, fuftains the Foe-men’s ride Alarms 3
The Toil’ of watching, and the Battle’s: Dread-
Now, scorching with the Sun that fealds his Brains

Now, {iff with Ice,and drench’d with chillingRain.
EXXXV.

Thro’ Thee, the Sea-boy clinabs the giddy Mast,
And hears the furious Winds around him roar ;

Beholds the whiten’d Surge: nor stands aghaft,

—Whilst curling Billows lath the founding Shore:

Whuilft black-fac’dClouds ride o’er the troubled Sky,

And murm’ring Deeps proclaim the Lempeit nigh.
EXXXVI.

Thro’ Thee, full oft the fond Alexis moans,

seeking the melancholly Cypress Grove,

To {well the Lephyrs with his louder Groans,

And talk to Solitude of haplefs Love ;
Inviting Eccho’s pity-pleading Strains

ko catch his Sorrows, and reward his Pains,

LXXXVII,

Brand its fair Cheek, and keep true Worth difpriz’d >

ULXXXVII.

Thro’ Thee, neglected Merit hangs his Head,
Conscious of Wrongs, and martyr'd with Disgrace ;
Drooping, like forcelefs Flow’s when from their Bed
The vig’rous Sun withdraws his warm Embrace:
Or like the tender-hefted Swain, that dyes
Debarr’d the Emibettcs of his Mistress’ Eyes,

LX XXVIII

O dull Ingratitude ! doft thou not shame
To let Desert be brow-beat, and defpis’d >
To let Oppreflion with Contempt and- Blame

To let it bear the Whips and Scorns of Time,

Be {purn’d by Infolence, and deem’d a Crime ?
LXXXIX,
While profp’rous Vice, and worthless Folly climbs
he Ladder of Ambition, Gat udy State!

While Slaves, that owe theirGrandeur to theirCri mes,

Are robed in Pow’r; and grow, by Flatt’ry, Great ;

EF 4 White

While Sycophants, by Smiles and pleasing Lyes,
Are huge’d at Courts, and to Préferment rife.

While ev'ry little sneaking Art fueceeds ;

While Knaves, by gross cajoling, swell their Store 5
While hireling Perjury to Honour leads 5

W hile Fraud is Merit, and while Wealth is Pow’r:

While time-grac’d Villains bear unjust Controul,

At 1d i in the Sith Chariot haughty roul.
tod si

O mighty Gold! Thou Second Cause of Fate!
Thou blood-fought Blefling! Honour-purchas’d Prize!

Thou precious Nourifher of fierce Debate !
Thou Idol of our Souls, and Joy of Eyes!
Great Mistress of our Paflions! Price of Vows !

The gladded World thy rightful Sway allows.
ACII.
Blind G oddefs of Desires | Thou Bane of Woe!

Bal m of Ania ion | Monarch of Content!
-« WNurfe

Nurse of Repofe! Night-waking Sorrow’s Foe!
Seas’ning of Health ! and Pleasure's Instrument !
Possessing Thee, the Tear-diftained Eye

Forgets to weep, and puts on Gaiety !
XCIIL |

Possessing Thee, uncouth Events are check’d
Time’s Spite o’er-rul’d ; and Envy’s Edge rebated ;
The Death of Parents made of flight Refpedt ;
Distress exil’d, and Dolour fubjugated :
Poflefling Thee, heart-casing Comfort reigns 5

Age feels not its Decays ; nor Sickness, Pains.
XCIV.

But oh! stern Poverty, where Thou prevaileft
With full Command uncheck’d Affliction reigns 5
Thou on thy Vaflals batelefs Woe entaileft,
Still-growing Discontent, and recent Pains: |
’ “ (prize,
And when soft Sleep would the rack’d Brain fur-

Thy Spleen unlocks the slumber-closing Eyes.

XCYV
Lars ¥ 6

i Thou break’it with Groans the Stillnefs of the Night,

1 Thou doft the ruddy Cheek of Health apale :

When thou appear’ft, {car’d Pleasure takes its Flight;

And grim Distress, and furly Teen affail :
Aw’d Gaiety retires ; a Gloom ensues 5

And fable Sorrow sheds her baleful Dews.

XCVI.

Thro’ Thee, is ev’ry Accident of Fate

With double Gall embitter’d; Thou do’ft {well

Time's Spight, increase severe Oppression's Weight,

improve Distress and Comfort’s Rays repell :
Sending the Back with Age, while Youth remains;

find giving Sickness and imagin’d Pains.
ACVII.

Thus when the Tube had to the Regent’s Ear
Convey’d this’ Embafly of fierce Lament,

Its Accents, less articulate and clear,

Befpeak the Tide of Exclamations {pent ;

The Cave of Poyinty. 29

And the faint Voice, with—gradual Decay,
Melting to Whispers sighs it self away.

XCVIII.

The fullen Goddess with malignant Smile,
Like Gleams of Sun-shine thro’ an Evening Show’r,
Greets the Diftreffés of the Plaintive Style,
Which sets to view the Mifchiefs of her Pow’r:
And, counting the recited Scathe her Gain,

Insults on Woe, and prides in giving Pain,
XCIX,

Mean while around the Walls fresh Murmurs creep
Like Notes of soft-ton’d Flutes on Silver Thames :
Like Philomel that sings the Night asleep,
Or purling Sounds of gentle-gliding Streams.

Agen the Goddess with attentive Ear

Listens, th’ Applaufes of her Rule. to hear.

For nought but Praise the Second Tube did found,

(In Praise the triumph’d, ag she did in Pain ;)

40 1 be Cave of POVERTY,

Th’ Applaufes of her ealy Sway rebound .

Thro’ the dark Vaults, in fhrill harmonious Strain =
Proud of the Tale, she rears her haughty Crest 5
When thus the warbling Brass its Lays expreft.

Gi.
Hail! Mistress of Invention ! Nurse of Art !
Thou real Blefling, tho” but rarely chose !
Thou cultivat’ft the Genius, mend’ft the Heart,
Quell’ft our vain Paflions, and prefcrib’ft Repofe !

Thro’ Thee, we into our own Souls descend ;

Thro’ Thee, agnize the Flatt’rer from the Friend!
Cli.

Thro’ Thee, we taste the Sweets of early Morn 5
Thro’ Thee, with honest Labour, Health invite 5
Thro’ Thee,the Monarch’s Board and Pastime {corn ;
Content with homely Plenty, calm Delight :
No Danger from Envenom’d Cups we fear,

Nor cherish Surfeits with too wanton Chear.

Ci.

CIIl.

O Luxury, Thou Stranger to the Poor !
Thou sharp Disease of Wealth! Too treach’rous Fiend
That, like the cous’ning Harlot, do’ft allure
Lo: Pleafarés; whiclr in foul Diftemper end.
Happy the Staté of Need, that *fcaping Thee
Is fro the Train’ of Plagues thou nurfeft free.
No racking Gout the poor Man’s Ease dettroys 5
No noxious Fumes from indigefted Food
Give ‘him “Unrest'; nofickly Dream annoys
His Night’; or Feavers fire his temp’rate Blood ¢

WithHealth,andEvenSoul(rareBleflings! )crown’d;
His Foils are fprightly, and his Slumbers found.

O Gold, Possession only seeming fair !
Thou Sun-engendred Plague, unlike thy Sire !
Treasure of Pain! What ever-during Care,

What Doubts: what anxious Fears do’ft Thou inspire}
G What

What Crimeful Thoughts provoke, what Snares dez

How miniftet to Theft, and foul Surprize ! (vile,

For Thee, the Robber’s facrilegious Hand
Plundersthe Shrine ; For Thee, the Murth’rer ftaing
Fis Arm and Soul with Blood; at thy Command
Sudden Rebellion frights the. peaceful Plains ;
Traitors, for Thee, in horrid Council fit ;

And,{conc’d inNight,onKingdomsDownfalls meet,
GVIE

For Thee; cold Modesty throws off her Veil,

Difdains the rosie Blush and down-cast Eye ;

Wilhful the listens to the Lover’s Tale,

And fans his Ardour with an. Am’rous Sigh
Pernicious Gold, Thou Pois’ner of the Mind,

How do’ft thou cherith Guilt in ev’ry kind >
CVIIE

But Innecence, and harmless Virtue; reigns,

Where honest active Poverty prefides

fuftice

The Cave of Povin ri 43

Justice its unmolefted Throne maintains,

And Vice her ignominious Vifage hides:
Pleasure, and unsuspecting Peace embrace ;
And no bad Frauds prophane the blissful Place.

Tuduftrious Art and skillful Labour’ thrive;

Nature the Garb of gay Improvement wears ;

Thence their sure Source the Means of Life derive,

And kind Increase rewards their toiling Cares.
No griping Penury of Soul confpires

To raise in Them unwarranted Desires,

Seat Me, ye courteous Pow’rs, O feat me there,

Where Happiness forbids all curft Debate ;

Where proud Ambition never durft repair, (State :

Or Thoughts of Grandeur, and wreck-threat’ning
Where Pride,aud starch'd Precedenceare unknown,

The Noise of Courts, or Wranglings of the Gown.

G 2 Cx.

44 The Gave of P ottnae

L apie sg

i i There -let, the peaceful Dearn, and calm.Retreat,

| / Teach; me sfuperfluous Pomp and Wealth.to {corn !

h Teach me the costly Trifles to forget,

Whieh vain Patrictans think their State adorn ;
On gaudy, Fortune to look back. with :Pain.;
And the cloud-kifling Palace, to’. disdain, .

O BlifsfubLuife, » fequeftred from | Desire'’!

O Station of Delight:! Great Gift of Heav’n,

Where all, that Ease and Decency require,

From Tumult and Dependance free is giv’n:
Where» fordid Avarice never racks the Brain,

Nor Paflions {well the Breast, nor Crimes prophane.
CXAITII.

Safety infhrines the Cottage and its Kitig ;
Sly Serpents never chufe the; Grass that’s low,

Sure aiming Expectations always wing

The Sons of Rapine to the goodlieft Show.

The Gave of PovErty. 45

On o’ergrown Plenty Danger builds his Nest,

Night-wand’ring Knaves ne'er break the Poor
Man’s_ Rest.

CX1Vv.

Secure he, traverfes the, lonely . Glade,

The wide-stretch'd Forest, and -miftruftful Wood,
Fearless of Violence, or Ambufcade ;

The Russian seldom thirfts alone for Blood :

But holds in likelihood his future Prey,
Ber he-retard.the »Trav’ller in -his Way.

O. Poverty, thou Theme of lasting Praise !
Thou Jewel, 4nd fair Wealth of Elder Times!
How. did’ Thou serve to high Renown to raise
The Heroes of Old Rome, and Gracia’s Climes ?
How did’ft Thou give the Purple Consul grace,

When from the. Plough he rose t’ Imperial

CXVI.

Fabritius {peaks thy Merit, Thou his Fame ;
Whom Royal Promises, nor Samnite Gold,

Could e’er corrupt, to blast his glorious Name,

Or hated League with foul Difhonour hold :
Tho’ funk in State beneath Patrician fort,

His Virtue could his Dignity support.
CXVIT,

Ha’ft thou not oft imparted Eloquence:

To the strong-pleading Orator’s Defcant >

Ha'it thou not oft improv’d the Poet’s Sense,

Rais’d him to Fire, and made his Lays inchant >
Bards oft to Thee, more than th® Muses, owe 5
Thou giv'ftthe Theme, and mak*ft the Numbers

Clow,
CXVIIL

Thou ‘kindled’ft up the never-dying Flame,

That still on Idum’s shining Ruins feeds 5 |

Thou lent’ft Pelides his recorded Fame,

And threat’ning Diomede his Martial Deeds :
From

From thee, Laertes’ Son deriv’d his Toils -

His Foteign Contests, and Domeftick Broils,
CXIX.

Théu taught’ the Tragick Heroes first to sage,
Striking with Dread the wonder-wounded Ear ;
With strong distress did’ft the full Soul engage; ~
Drowning in Grief the Jate-imparted Fear :

Pity and Terror, with alternate Reign,

Seizd evry Breast, and swell'd with varied

Pain.

O Goddess, from the gloomy Shades recal

Sonie noble Genius, thou did’ft erft inspire ;

Or strike foiné Living Virtue with thy Thrall,

And to thy Praises tune his warbling Lyre;
Then shall thy Glories bloom, for ever gay,
And thy Cave live, till Time itself decay.

CXXL

Se eS eee ee eee

IE eT ere prem a I ne a eens,

43. Ehe sCave of P ova tt

CXXI.

Thus fpake the Tube: When lo! on Eastern Cloud,
That fullenly receiv’d. her early Light,
The. chearful. Rosy-finger’d: Morning glow’d' =
With: Bluthes,; like a rifled Maid, bedi¢ht::
Th’ Enamour’d Sun, holdiig the Nymph in Chale:
Over her young Beauties shed ‘redoubled Grace.”

Fiuige
