Wipes in Imitation of SHAKESPEARE.

By Mr. Taser

8 i” I" r

— ke, me « Cop I” it. o.

LONDON:

Printed for 22 Browne àt the Black Swan without
Temple-bar, and fold b y Robert at the
eee in 1 1715. Price 15.

Right Honourable
CHARLES
Ear of Halifax.

MY LORD, play's
DR ould fain be judg'd to think

very modestly of my Performance
in this Poem, but
Dave reason to fear the World
will suspect me of Arrogance, for presuming
to inscribe it to Your Lordship;
or at least determine, that I bade a more
than common Esteem for this Piece.

I were

DEDICATION. |
T were a Dissimulation I could not cafly
digest, to pretend I have no little end
al for its Welfare: I wrote the whole
with a particular Pleasure, and baue
loo k d on It with the Affection of d fond
Parent; but 'when'T confess it m Favourite,
My Lord, I am {till so conscions
of its being distant. From Perfection,
that I foresee only One of the Greatest 1
Patrons in Europe can give it Contenance,
or ckreen its Errors from too
severe an Inquisition. ;
I have form d an Opinion to my self,
My Lord, that there is that Sovereign
Virtue in the Smiles of an Halifax, that
they can blunt the Edge of \Detration
and Envy, and take-off the Venom of a
Damning Criticism. - But let me stand
amid 19: Your Eerdlxip, from df
ming any Pretensions to Tour Favour,”
than from an humble Ambition of desers
ving It. Your Lordship the Great
Meccenas of this Age, in tbe Encou-
ragement

DEDICATION.

1 ragement of of Poesy ; and the Apollo,

in the Superior Excellence of your Taben,
in this Art.

* 1 need not blush to own, that my De-

4 17 re of throwing this poem at Your
Lordshipꝰ Feet, alone inspir d Me 10

the penning of It; and that my Presum-
Ption in doing my self this Honour slow'd
from an Assurance I have, that to beg
2 Your Lord{hip's ProteTion, 7s in some
„ measure to deserve it. 1 wish I could
with Truth put in for a further Claim,
but all my Merit beyond this must center
in Your Lordship s Candour :
And, My Lord, I am sensi Fl That Generosety
5 Tour Soul is so etenseve, that
Tour Good Nature always softens the Severity
of 1 our Fudgment; and you force
Your self to Pardon, even what You
cannot be pleas'd at.

T am still accountable to Your Lord-
+ | ship for an Insolence, which 1 am wholly
| 4 e. to excuse ; that a Jo far

from

EE ²˙ Le 3

from a Master in the Idiom of my own 1
Time, I should venture to start up an

DEDICATION.

Imitator of the Immortal Shakespcare: *
I know Your Lordship's Discernment
will easily perceive, that my Imitation is
very Superficial ; extending only to the |
borrowing some of bis Words, without
being able to follow him in the P ofztion
of them, bis Style, or bis Elegance.
This V anity is sufficient for my Condenmation,
yet had I no other Defe&s to
excuse, I might with more Assurance bes

Leave to subse cribe my self,

My Lord,
Your Lordship's most
Devoted, and Obedient,

Humble Servant,

POVERTY.

5 barren Soil, and damp unw holsome
Where weeping Clouds Eternal Dew
diftill'd ;

Where no gay Sun-shine did the Morning chear,
Or My F res the dark Meridian gild ; Cforead,

A Cave there stood ; whose vaulted Sides were

When Nature first rear'd her Created Head: 1

Ten Thousand Doors, iKe Flawsin mouldring Earth,
Led to the Center of the Gloomy Den ;
And each to streaky Gleams of Light gave Birth, *
That shot a-thwart the Dusk, and seem'd a-kin :

Pale as the Fire that on Night's Visage glows,

Serving alone her Horrors to disclose :

PEE : W þ
bl q © »
i Fx k

Oft o'er the Moody Dome hoarse Ravens fly,
The Chatt'ring Mag- pye, and the Ribauld Crow;
Oft hungry Weazels shrike, and Padocks dye,

N Thro' Famine, in th' unfurnish'd Vales below:

The Vales no vital Nourishment produce,

Scant is their Grass, and venom'd is its Juice.

4 Desart, yet populous, the Plains appear,
Th' imperfe& Image of a ghastly Dream;
Here unknown Noises pierce the gallow'd Ear,

There living Forms, like enn Phantoms, seem: L

—— EG IC AA a

The Cave of P OVERTY. 3

All was confus'd, yet all was of a piece

Nature twas still, but Nature in Distress.

A Hundred hideous Shapes the Cave surround,
Th Unlov'd Retinue of their Meagre Queen z
Rude Discord brawls, Quarr*lous Debates abound,
And ugly Fraud, and Indigence obscene :
Dullness and Ign'rance erst did haunt the Place,
I Till Fortune smil'd, and shew'd the Sisters Grace.

Far in the Dungeon's Depth, in sullen Pride,

On matted Straw the gloomy Regent sat :
Famine, Despair, and Sickness by her side,
The Motions of her envious Pleasure wait.
Behind her violent Deaths attend ; which, when
Inrag'd, she sends to tempt unwary Men.

Pale was her Face, and shrivell'd was her Skin,

Eyes sunk, and starting Bones; as she were now
b B 2 The

ENT — — <EEES

A 7 be '&; AVE of P OVERTY. 3
The Skeleton of what she once had bin; |
ö So lean and wretched did the Demon shew :

0 Her Locks with Filth so clotted, she appears
it AF ury, hung with Snakes, instead of Hairs.

Plain was her Furniture, of home ly Wood; 3
And mean, and squallid, was her whole Attire 3 3
Some far-fetch'd Roots and Water were her Food, :
And Furz of Heaths the Fewel of her Fire.
On Earthen Lamp twiceTwentyGlow-worms lay, .
Whose spangled Light supplies the want of Day. I

8 Page.
22 42 TIF: N n

a 9 ä

Around upon the craggy Walls, that seem'd 1
The Remnants of a Rock by Time subdu'd, 1
Hung Tablets, large, and various; which were deem'd J

The tristful Regent's choicest Interlude: 3

These did,, in pencil'd Portraiture, contain
The num'rous Triumphs of her Iron Reign.

The (ave of Poverty. 5

A Thousand Lamentable Objects grace
The Life-expressing Charts, which set to view

To what sad Shifts does Misery debase

The Soul and Appetite, when Wants pursue :

What shamelessFraud from pinchingHunger grows,
What coarse Repasts does mighty Need impose,

Here might one see some Foe-beleaguer'd Town,
Scant of Provision, weak in her Defence,

In Colour-wrought Distress the Victor own,

And, Famine to evade, with Chains dispense.
At Distance Centries pale, in anxious Strife,
Cast. Lots for Mice to cherish ebbing Life,

On adverse Column was a Scene display'd

Of Universal Havock, general Woe;
Comets aloft their yellow Tresses spread,

And noxious Southern Tempests seem to bloy ;

Struck with th* Aerial Blast they seem to reel,

The imitated Sky appears a-dust, I

And tainted with the baleful, sultry, Gust,

XIII.

While Herds below the Mortal Influence feel, 3

Some dying on the Herbage, others dead,

With languid swimming Eye, and drooping Head.
The hardy Steer a-while resists his Pain,
But sinks o'er-master'd with the potent Bane.

The fierce Contagion, that on Beasts began,
Furns its ambitious Arms to nobler Prey;
And fcorning meaner Triumphs, now on Man
Does its inhuman hostile Strength essay:
Grim Poverty ere&s her haughty Head,
By Pestilence to see her Empire spread.

Sister of Envy! Heart-afflicting Fiend !

Daughter of Hell! and Parent of Annoy |!
Stern

I R yp * a
4 i wes. 4 PR

ms * is. bs. W >. j
A A GP , * + 3 1

hath

hy 1 * 22 +" * FR R 2 | —
. 8 n * * : — I. a * * Wag 22
PF ²˙ww5 — A n

1 MK N 7

2 8 n HADES
5 * 2 bay * EP 1 or .

n . 1 af. A 7 re IS
on OT TE ILY ROITEESTYYOIOWOOEDRL.: Oo ] I e re

Bd So

The Gave of Poverty. 7

b Stern Nurse of Discontents ! Oppression's Friend !
Copesmate of Dolour! Enemy to Joy!
When will thy fatal Thirst of Mischief cease?

When wilt thou let the harrass'd World have
3 Peace?
1 EVE --

Unlike the last Design, tho' next in place,
A diffrent Prospect of Distress is seen.

J A stately Bark, in distant Northern Seas,

1 Awaits a friendly Thaw, and Sky serene.

in vain the waits, the solid Frost restrains

Her lab'ring Keel, and binds in Icy Chains:

4 F "RX

XVII.

l Fast in the cold Confinement lodg'd she stands 5
N Her Crew desponding on each other Stare,
Mourning that Art, nor strong assisting Hands,
Can counsel, or avail, as now they fare;
Their Course retarded and Provision spent
Prescribe Despair, and fatal Thoughts foment:

XVIII.

XVIII.

There might you see a Sailor, with a Face

Intending heavy Plight, and wordless Woes,
In-ly debate the Hardship of his Case,

I And curse the Cause, to which his Fate he owes :| I
Blame niggard Fortune that enforc'd him roam, g
Il And would not grant a Sustenance at home.

Others aloft on Deck One trembling Mate,

Il With Daggers drawn, pursue ; who seems to plead 1
ll Against their murth'ring Haste ; to deprecate |

His Doom, and urge the Guilt of their Misdeed:
Vain is the Rhet'rick of his Eyes and Tongue,
His Death the Life of others must prolong,

— S so rok A

Pg ig" — tn 6" 2p I I

ng DOD;

xa — — 2 nas

So nice the Painter's Art, it all supplies

But Words to breath his Agonizing Pain;
For Words, he drew such Passion in his Eyes,

As far above weak Language does compliit 5

Calls em inhuman and ungentle Knaves,
Barbarians; murth'ring Carls, and savage Slaves.

wat can my Blood, the Shadow seems to say,
To your Relief contribute, when *tis spilt ?

n, Will staving off grim Death a little Day,
„Before just Heav'n, compensate for your Guilt 3

O think, as Hunger will again invade you,
Your Turns will come, and let that Thought dis-
| (wade you.
XXII. |

From pi&ur'd Ocean the delighted Rys *:

a 1 Skips o'er to Landschap of some Verdant Heath 5
. 1 On whose lone Skirts, full oft, in Ambukh lye
7 ; The Sons of Rapine, threat'ning bloody Death :

There, treach'rons Hedges and the winding Road
Bespeak the Robber's Haunts, and Theft forebode.

es, Torn from his Steed anon you might behold

The frightel Traveller, beset and pale;
"8 _ Whom

— — "MOI N —

10 The Cave of POVYERTx.

Whom sour-fac'd Russians, that demand his Gold,
With sharp Rebukes and sharper Swords assail:
Force is their Law; and pressing Want inspires

Their Breasts to lawless Acts, and foul Desires.

” > 4+ Wa 9 FRET" 2 *

7 1 "IS a 1 % x - - > 4 Fo .
c © ©. i. x3, as — * 7

On diff'rent Pannel of the rough-hewn Wall,
A sketch of more abstracted Woe appears;
The lively Semblance of domestick Thrall,
Where Infants cry, and Mothers are in Tears;

In vain, the good Man pleads his Care of thriving:

What's Care, strong Poverty against it striving ?

Hundreds of such Descriptions, all around,
Diversify the Room with Painted Story:
Flatt'ring the Goddess, who main Pleasure found
In the Survey of her malignant Glory.
With conscious Pride, she eyes the Num'rous Plans,
And, by the Past, her Future Prowess scans.

The Cave of PoverTY. II

XXV1I.

Had I an Hundred Mouths, as many Tongues,
Had I old Neftor's Brain, Minerva's Skill,
Had I the Roisting Stentor's Brazen Lungs,

4 Had I an Utt'rance as Fame's Trumpet shrill ;
I could not half the Pageant 11ls o*ercall,
That garnish and betrim the gloomy Wall.

N My Tongue would faulter and my Utt'rance fail,
My Lungs grow weak, and Copiousness consuse
4 The Series of my Part-deliver'd Tale,
My Skill and Brain their Force and Functions lose ;
So much Imaginary Work was there,

No Mem'ry cou'd comprise, no Verse declare.

AXVIIL

a Wt | 5
How, oer the Continent, and furrow'd Main,

In Pop'lous Cities, and in Village small,
77, Stern Poverty did Arbitrary reign ;

And hold Mankind in Vassalage and Thrall:
15 C 2 Sub-

12 Thbe Cave f PovxRT x.

Subduing each with sev'ral hurtful Art,

That drains the Life-blood, or that pricks the
Clean.

XXIX.

Ev'n as Thesalian Witch, whose potent Spight
With Moon-colle&ed Herbs, or Philtred Cup,
With Waxen Image, Earth-intomb'd by Night,
Hell-pleasing Pray'rs, or dead Men's Bones dug up,
Doth on her suff'ring Patient work those Ends
Her Malice dictates, or her Rage intends ;

Pois'ning the Peasant's Health, to that degree,

His Flesh 1s wither'd, and his Colour fled ,

14 Driving the Swain to frantick Extasie

Of hot Desires, that court the Callet's Bed:
With Magick Thorn compelling heavy Pain,

That works thro* ev'ry Nerve, and wounds the
\ (Brain.

So Poverty, wich fierce envenom'd Spleen,

Racks her foul Thoughts to multiply Anpay ;
Heals

—_— —— M. ꝓͤꝙꝑ— —ä——— _

The Gave of Poverty. 13

| © Deals out commission'd Plagues from her Demean,
Some to torment, and Others to destroy :

The licens'd Ills their Regent's Hests obey 3
Haste to their Charge, and make the World their
(Prey,
XXXII.

Hence One, with ashy Cheek and haggard Eye,
up, The Inward Labour of his Soul betrays ;
While Debt does with incessant Horrors ply

F The haunted Wretch, and curses all his Days ;

Rides him in Dreams; and harrasses his Nights
With Tip-ftaves, and Imaginary Frights.

Hence One, with fallow Face and gloomy Air,
Turns to the Earth his discontented Eyes;

The Jaundice of his Thought-distraQting Care,
Makes him abhor the Sun and gaudy Skies :

Grim Begg'ry holds the Meagre Wight in Chace,
Whose Pride contends to cloak the dire Disgrace.

XXXIV.

XXXIV.

Hence Others, whose ungovern'd Years have run
Quite thro' the Leavings of their Father's Care,
Reduc'd to Want, by Us'rers are undone ;

And perish in Extortion's griping Snare:

At once the greedy Whirl-pool drinks em down;

And, e're they can perceive they sink, they drown.
ll XXXV.

Some in the Law's expensive Net are tangled,
Some on the Rock of Bigot-Zeal are split ;
Some by too fervent Loyalty imbrangled,

Some ruin'd by too fierce and dang'rous Wit:

Almighty Poyerty can work her Will
Tlro? ev'ry Cause alike, thro' Good, or Ill.

As in the Cretan Labyrinth of old,
The fabled Glory of Dædalean Art,

With curling Wave, and many a crooked fold,
The ringy Paths d:d-wander out, and part

Yet various as they ran, the sev'ral Ways
Led to the Center of the winding Maze.

XXXVII.

or as, in Man, some sharp Distemper's Rage,

Like trenchant Sword, can cut Life's brittle Chain;
Or Sleep itself the Soul can disengage,

As well as Feavers or convulsive Pain:

So ev'ry Chance, if Poverty so please,

Can serve, Us of our Fortunes to disseize.

XXXVIII.

This knew the Goddess, and with Pride elate,
Like bloated Toad, sat swelling in her Cave;
Pond'ring with pleas'd Malignity her State,
And how she might the Earth's whole Globe enslave :
And ever and anon her blood-shot Eyes

She throws, her willing Tenants to revise,

For from each Avenue, that downward guides

To the main Chamber of the murky Den,

16 The Cave ff Poverty.
A slender Entry wound; whose hollow'd Sides
Did Ranks of subterranean Rooms contain:

Retreats to such as uncompell'd did own
The Regent's Title, and rever'd her Throne.

Here, in small silent Dormitories, lay |
Clusters of Bards; who, when they struck the Lyre,
Did thro' the Caverns Harmony convey ;
Awak'ning sptightly Love and gay Desire.
These did the World's vain Idol, Wealth, despise;
Panting. for Fame, and the contested Prize.

Here some in Hutts, like Hermets Cells, were plac'd,
Hamm'ring sweet Sonnet in the Lyrick Strain
Some in their Verse the soft Anacreon trac'd ;
Some copied Homer in more swelling Vein:
Others in Ballance weigh'd, with Skill profound,
The Force of Sense against the Charms of Sound.

XI. II.

The Crue of PovBRTyY. 17

In sep'rate Cabin there you might behold

A Herd of Men by Titles only known

Trim stately Courtiers, all imboss'd with Gold,

Whose yellow Lustre thro* the Darkness shone :
But their o'erwhelming Brows did seem to borrow

A pensive Low'ring from repentant Sorrow.
X LIIL

EIN they their once-priz'd Grandeur
And empty Vantage of Superior Place ; n,
The Staff or Garter, which did erst adorn,
Have lost their boasted Dignity and Grace:
Sith the Remembrance of such transient Fame

Dies with the Wearer, not prolongs his Name;

These did, in their Ambition's jocund Hour,
The Muse's Rev'rend Compliments receive;
Smil'd on the Numbers that f.ir- spoke their Pow'ry

But let the Bard unguerdon'd take his Leave:
D And

18 The' Cave of P OVAREY.

And that fair Quital, shou'd have been his Hire,
Lavish'd on Vice and reprobate Desire.

O faulty Riot, and Crest-wounding Shame !

O worthless Dross ill spar'd, more vilely spent !

Full nobly had his Verse secur'd your Fame

From Death, and never-dying Honours lent ; ;
Had grateful Treatment but provok'd his Lays g
To grant the long Inheritance of Praise. |

Next These, of pining Churls a tatter'd Tribe,
The Spoils of Age and ever-waking Care;
Whose Looks the Temper of their Souls describe,
And Av'rice and Mistrust decipher'd bear:
Brooding o'cr Heaps of Gold, for more they thirst;

Poor in Belief, tho' with Abundance curst.

XLVII.

Self. starving Beggars! Wealth - dissembling Knaves !

Heirs to Reproach ! unaiding, unbefriended!
Sons

The Cave off PoverTy. 19

Sons of sharp Mis'ry ! Money's envious Graves

Pale Presidents of Want with Plenty blended !
Like Tantalus, ingirt with dazling Store;
Which touch you dare not, or you have no Pow'r.

XLVIIL

Just were thy Judgment, Heav'n, if Curse, so stange,
Of Phrygian Midas did these Wights surprize ;
And ev'ry thing they touch, its Nature change,
Transforming to the Plague they idolize :
Then might the greedy Misers starve indeed,
Or, Eftrich-like, on Ingots learn to feed.

of Prodigals a rude and roisting Train,
Like Bees in Hives, warm thro' the neighb'ring Cells;
Thick, as the Sands on Africk's Sun-beat Plain,
Or Billows, when the Wind-rouz'd Ocean swells :
With wild Profusion these consume their Store,

And rack Invention, lab'ring to be poor.

vr | L.

18 The Cave of P OVIRTTY.

And that fair Quita], shou'd have been his Hire,
Lavish'd on Vice and reprobate Desire.

O faulty Riot, and Crest- wounding Shame
O worthless Dross ill spar'd, more vilely spent |!
Full nobly had his Verse secur'd your Fame

From Death, and never-dying Honours lent ;

Had grateful Treatment but provok'd his Lays

To grant the long Inheritance of Praise.

XLVI

1 Next These, of pining Churls a tatter'd Tribe,
The Spoils of Age and ever-waking Care;
Whose Looks the Temper of their Souls describe.
And Av'rice and Mistrust decipher'd bear:

I Brooding o'cr Heaps of Gold, sor more they thirst;

Poor in Belief, tho' with Abundance curst.

U XLVII.

Heirs to Reproach ! unaiding, unbefriended !
Sons

1 Self-starving Beggars! Wealth-dissembling Knaves !

Sons of sharp Mis'ry ! Money's envious Graves |
Pale Presidents of Want with Plenty blended !

Like Tantalus, ingirt with dazling Store;
Which touch you dare not, or you have no Pow'r.

XLVIIL

Just were thy Judgment, Heav'n, if Curse, so stange,
Of Phrygian Midas did these Wights surprize;
And ev'ry thing they touch, its Nature change,
Transforming to the Plague they idolize :

Then might the greedy Misers starve indeed,
Or, Eftrich-like, on Ingots learn to feed.

XLIX.

Of Prodigals a rude and roisting Train,
Like Bees in Hives, sw arm thro' the neighb'ring Cells;
Thick, as the Sands on Africk's Sun: beat Plain,
Or Billows, when the Wind-rouz'd Ocean swells:
With wild Profusion these consume their Store,

And rack Invention, lab'ring to be poor.

Improvident, luxurious, shallow Fools !
Wise Men's Derision ! and the Sharper's Prey
Feast- finding Minstrels Patrons! Harlot's Tools

Night's Mates, the Scornings of the Tell-tale Day
Were all Patt9lus Golden Streams your own,
You'd drain the wealthy Channel, c'er have done.
[i In gloomy Cavern here you might survey
Beldams, hard-favour'd, and with Age grown double;

Churlish and crooked, Objects of Decay,

{ The Triumphs of harsh Need, and long- livd Trouble:

At sight, of whose Distress, in fierce Disinay,
The Village-Curs wou'd bark and stand at bay.

Hence the gross Vulgar, who * out ward Plight

Of inward Bearing found their rash Surmise,
Misdcemid them Haggs, foul Sisters of the N ight ;

And thought their wayward Moods of Magick Rise:
og Ou.

PD —_ FLY RA

The Gave of PoytrTy. 21

On Hellish Combination charging Woes,
Which from Extremes of Want alone arose.

Onward a griesly Troop of Aged Seers,
Strangers to Cleanliness, and Slaves to Thought,
With Beards wide-spreading on their Breasts,appears;
ID These the mysterious Births of Nature sought ;

Striving th' unfathomable Depth to sound
With strained Wisdom, and Conceit profound.

How known Effects from distant Causes slow ;

What strong Disease the solid Earth can shake ;
Whence springs the Thunder, or the fleecy Snow;
What Transmutations mounting Vapours take :

Resolving all to Second Cause's Force,

And Element's contingent Intercourse.

5 Cloister d with These, more modern Madmen fat ;
Watching an Embrio, which their Hopes will foil,

Thar

That ne'er by Time or Art shall grow compleat ;
But, hast'ning to Perfection, mock their Toil :
The Sublimated Spirit contends for room,

Breaks its Glass Pris'n, and vanishes in Fume.

Struck with Surprize the Chymick Dotards groan,
To see such Issue of their Care and Cost 1
4 To sez the precious Preparation flown,

And almost-finish'd Magifterium lost :
Think they their Error know ; but know too late,

v - « 3 5 2 Ad * as % e U | 4 "ED WT n
* „ "WT * - * * = _ * kJ * ** 5 > AL ad = ba EY 2 0 3 8 * 2 -
ws ot dd» 88 e x 4 * 7 ee 1 9 8 8 A, awd of 8 b N
(XY 3 2 PL? 2 * WA a 3 = 2 — ** DRE 2 OY | & 3 1 F Ret 1 *

When the curst Error has out- run their State.

LVII.

Further a tall Hibernian Troop attended,

Who erst, like Chymists, did vain Hopes pursue;
By costly Dress and courtly Phrase, depended
The Golden Nymph's Affections to subdue :

But now the Lass-lorn Lovers, in Disgrace,

Drop their Mock State, and wear a pensive Face.

LVIII.

LVIII

In diff'rent Cells a mingled Croud reside,
me, | hat Want and Mis'ry in their Aspects bear;
Here Pilgrims, Hermets, meagre Anch'rets glide,
Wand pale Love-Jacking Nuns of rigid Clare ;

g Who shone, like blue-vein'd Violets peering thro'
A tufted Hillock, or a ragged Bough.

[Attir'd in Discontent, and cursing Peace,
[Disbanded Red-Coats stalk with folded Arms ;
Here, the Mob's Curse, and changing Time's Discase,
A Bevy of Discarded States-men swarms :

There, Courtesans that have out-liv'd Desires ;

Here, Parasites, Projectors, begging Fryars,

Lazars, and Artists here of ev'ry kind ;

Your whimsie-govern'd Virtuoso's th

Fidlers, a mighty Throng, with Heads inclin'd,
Lisfning at Ecchoes and imagin'd Air. _

24 The Cate f Poverty.

Of those, whom squeamish Conscience aw'd,a few;

And from the slow'ry Paths of Int'rest drew.

Far in the Gloom appears a distant Crowd,
Lost to Distinction in the thick'ned Shade 5 *
But All of Such, as have Allegiance vow'd; |
And willing Homage to the Regent paid.
Sick of the hazy Vaults the Muse up- springs
And spreads in purer Air her Silver Wings.

FT as the low ring Night prepar 4 to drive

Her Chariot thro? the Fields of dark ned Air;

And the Declining Sun made haste to di ve
His Golden Head beneath the Hemisphere : |

Posting to Theris* Arms, as Bards devise z i

Or else to lend his Beams to other Skies. N
E. LXIII.

26 The Cave of Poverry.

LXIII.

When warbling Birds their Ew'ning Songs began,
When lowing Herds for Stalls the Pastures leave;
When, o'er his Cups, the wearied Artisan
Sought from the Toils of Day a glad Reprieve;
When all the busy Buz of Trade was done,

And murm'ring Merchants from Exchanges gone.

LXIV.

Conscious of Silence's approaching Reign,

The subtle Goddess o'er her Cavern's Head ;

Two brazen Tubes, whose Hollows drank a-main

Each whistling Breath of Ambient Air, display d; .
As oft *tis seen, the narrow winding Lanes

Draw in each Blast that sweeps a- cross the Plains,

So did these Pipes, by some attractive Pow'r,
(Secret of Nature, or her Hand-maid Art 1)
In their long Necks collected Sounds devour,

That from the e Earl most distant Confires start :
WI. ys Which,

Which, marching downward thro the Concave

Strait to the gloomy On s Chamber you: LO 55

LXVI

Wasted by Sp'rits of such as, while in Life,
Were Make - bates, fond of propagating News ;
Whose Tongues were Organs of Eternal Strife;

These Sounds were thought their Murmurs to trans-
That little Elves behind, with Fans of Air, 1
Impell'd 'em to the Dusky Thorough- fare.

LXVIL

Thither arriv'd, those Sounds, that in their Flight
Only, like Winds, groan'd thro' the lab'ring Air,
As thro' the Tubes their March they expedite,

(Extravagance 'of Wonder to declare | )

Break into Words articulate and plain;

Coherent Words in one continued Strain.

LXVIII.

Thus Artificial Ecchoes catch the Sound,

Re- wording, what we did at distance speak;
„ Thus

Thus Accents in a Gallry travel round
The Crannied Walls, and as they d break
Thro' ev'ry Gap: In hoarse, but louder, Tone
Repeating what was in a Whisper blown.

Thus, thro the circling Eddies of the Brass,

The pregnant Murmurs winding re. obtain

Their former Voice; and, loud'ning as they paks

Revive to Words, and their first Charge explain:
Conveying Speeches to the Regent's Ear,
Which sooth her Pow r, or which she loaths to hear

But both the Tubes with diff*rent Lens .
Unlike the Tongue that breathes a double Story
Deceirful | in its Office; One still brought |
The Arr. delivers Record of her Glory;
Soothing her with a Tale that seem'd to shew
ind 1 80 Mankind d did to her Empire owe.

LX XI.

The Other, £ Sh . 3 tor d

Which curst her Pow'r and harsh Supremacy,

Did to her Pride and Envy Food afford, |

While it confirm'd the Measure of her Sway ;
What 'Thousands, with her Iron Scepter bruis'd,
In Anguish oy Inclemency accus d.

IXXII

Thro the ade Season of each live-long Night,
r W To learn the breathing Hist'ry of her State,
Th' unsated Goddess with renew'd Delight,
Still as the Statue of Attention fat ;
Till Morn her Ruby-colour'd Portal op'd,
And bustling Noise the lame Narration stop'd,

No balmy Slumber, clos'd her heavy Eyes,
No drouzy Interval her Sp'rit benumns;
No Inadyertence does her Soul surprize,

No Lethargy her watchful Sense o'ercomes :

No lazy Vapours of the Night prevail (
To rob her of the ROS Talr. 1
LXXIV.

[| Intent, with fullen Majesty, the waits

The undulating Sounds to entertain;

[ When first a modest Voice it self dilates '

In Whispers unexpress, nor fully plain,

And round the vocal Walls as gently roves,
As infant Zephyrs sigh in Myrtle Groves.

LXXV.

Anon the more couragious Accents swell,
Put on Distinction, and in louder Tone,
Like distant Thunders, bellow thro' the Cell;

Or Seas, that with approaching Tempests groan :
The Goddess listens at th* inlarging Sounds,

When thus the Voice from murm'ring Tube re-
(bounds.

LXXVI.

1 Curse on the envious Fate, that tycs me down

To scrvile IIls my gen rous Soul diidains !
(- Curse

Curse on the Shifts my needy Age has known ;
The hated Shifts, which mighty Need constrains !
OComfort-killing State! Heart-wounding Grief !
O Sorrows that admit no kind Relief

EXXVIL.

Why am I forc'd to groan beneath a Weight,
My bending and ofer-labour'd Strength would fain
Throw off? Why struggle with a wayward Fate?
And bootless heave against Eternal Pain ?

Why may not Friendly Death comeend my Smart,

When, tir'd of Life, I court his Ebon Dart?
LXXVII.

O Poverty, thou Mistress too severe !
Striv'st thou to break the thing, thou should'st butbend?
Thy Pow'r confessd, should make thee less austere;

The Vict'ry gain'd, thy Rage in Mercy end.
Hast thou not got the Day, what would'st thou moe?

Tis barb'rous to insult a prostrate Foe.

LXXIX.

42 The"Cive of Poverty.

Behotd, how strongly tho my Pride hast check'4!

Behold, how Friendship does askaunce his Eye
How every Face is serued to Disrespect !
How, like Infection, all my Commerce fly !
Ew n as the Herd, sway'd * remorseless Fear,
From his known Covert chase the wounded Der

LXXX-/

Behold, what bitter Cares my Js annoy !

How Want distracts, and Contumely wounds

How fore Distress Life's Pleasure does destroy |

How Plagues ingirt, and Misery surrounds !
Bated on ev- ry f de, what Arts I use ©
To "scape the Mischief, which too fast e

LXXXI.
Evin as the Dew-bedabled Lev'ret flies,

Whom with full Stent the fiery Grey-hounds trace ö

Who, with vain Subtlety, t' avoid Surprize,
Confounds their Smell and doubles in her Race :

The: Cave Ponurty 33

Her Cunning serving but her Fears to firctigther}
— . * 's Date 2k
a rtr

Thro* Thee, O 000 Queen of Phrascless V Woe!

— - — Fs LEY %

LXXX1L

Our uhhufh⁰ d, Cares no gentle Requiem know,
Nor loft Reprit ve from Slumber's Aidance borrow:
Like Discontented Ghosts, in hideous Plight
te the: DR Dead of dag .

0 3 al Pd "A 4 Fl * 8 4 4 of fi * y : N ot o f .
e CAR OL UN SL 190 II rel Ms = L330 314 =

LAXXI1L

ftgin 7 448 IL WIT; 2 | 1 17 f TY

Nor when the hot and ap Sun
Has drunk the Morning's Silver melting Dews ;
Is the sad Term of our Afflictions run,
But with the varied Time Distress rene ws:
Like gross) and hardy Sp'rits that dare _
The Verge « of Night, and brave the om ou |

Thro' "Thee, the half-starv'd Soldier sheaths inArms

His rugg:d Limbs, and in the Calgre his Head,
E Thro'

34 The: Caue & PovRR TV.

Thro' Thee, sustains the Foe · men's rude Alarms;

The Toils of watching, and the Battle's Dread:
Now, scorching with the Sun that scalds his Brain;
Nee with loeand drench'a with *

Fg IXXXV.

i Thro' Thee, the S bey climbs the viddy Mast,
And hears the furious Winds around him roar ;
Bcholds the whiten'd Surge; nor stands aghast,
Whilst curling Billows lash the sounding Shore :

Whilst black-fac'dClouds ride o'er the troubledSky,

And murm i Deeps proclaim the Tempest nigh.

Thro' Thee, full oft the * Alexis moans,
Seeking the melancholly Cypress Grove,
To {well the Zephyrs with his louder Groans;
And talk to Solitude of hapless Love;
Inviting Eccho's pity-pleading Strains
To catch his Sorrows, and reward his Pains;

. * -. © 8 LW 4&4 + + .

N - ; ” YI +2 4@ #1
> Gal hve 1 5 - # 44

Thro? Thee, . Merit aa his Head,
Conscious of Wrongs, and martyr'd with Disgrace;
Drooping, like forceless Flow'rs when from their Bed
The vig ' rous Sun withdraws his warm Embrace:
Or like the tender-hefted Swain, that dyes
Debarr'd the Influence of his Nee: apa

LXXXVIIL.

O dull Ingratitude ! dost thou not shame
To let Desert be brow-beat, and despis'd ?
To let Oppression with Contempt and Blame
Brand its fair Cheek, and keep true Worth difpriz'd ?
Io let it bear the Whips and Scorns of Time,
Be spurn'd by Insolence, and deem'd a Crime 2

LXXXIX.

While prosp'rous Vice, and worthless Fally climbs
The Ladder of Ambition, Gaudy State
While Slaves, that owe theirGrandeur to theirCrimes,

Are robed 1 in Pow'r; and grow Flatt'ry, Great :
| & by Whils

While Sycophants, 1 2 51 and pleasing Lyes, N
Are hugg'd at Courts, * to Preferment rise. Je:

__ * ; * 8 | Wa bt '$
4 124 121 onen Th 91 1 13019901 * 9 tO DOITLA 30

id 01:19 bueno ! 8 di] lO oil
While ev'ry little sneaking) Art succeeds;
While Knaves, by gross cajoling, swell their Store;
While hireling Perjury to Honour leads;
While Fraud is Merit, and while Wealth is Power:

While Wr Villains b ras unjust Controul,

And in the gilded Chariot haughty roul.

SHR 100 0 KI ob 1 sbutizorent Hub 0

< beeiqleb bas 1 J wald ed nas robot
O mighty Geld! Thou . Cause of Fate!
T hou dlood-sought Blessing! po RR Prize
Thou precious Nourisher of fierce Debate! |
Thou Idol of aur Souls, and Joy My + 8 |
Great Mistress of our Passions! Price of Vows !
The gladded World wy 1 7 2 NY allows.

Kcil

Blind Goddels of Desires ! Thou Bane of Woe!

of Afidtion l Monarch of Content! 07
W _ Nurie

The, Gave of \PoveRTY. 37

Nurse of Repose ! Night-waking Sorrow's Foe !
Seas ning of Health ! and Pleasure's Instrument!
Fossessing Thee, the Tear - distained — 0
nn and * 8 1

* 218: 'N £% + © ih

Possessing Thee, :uncouth Ou are check'd ;
Time's Spite der- rul'd 3 and'Envy's Edge ecbated i
The Death of Parents made of slight Respect;

Distress exil'd, and 1 subjugated:

Possessing Thee, heart- easing Comfort reigns;
Age feels not [Its Detays ; nor nn Pains

1 20 , o no | *

KCI.

But oh! dern d where Thou prevailest
With full Command uncheck Affliction reigns ;
Thou on thy Vassals bateless Woe entailest,

Still-growing Discontent, and recent Pains :

(prize,

And when soft Sleep would the rack d Brain sur-
Thy Splecn Alea te Were wp _ 2

45 - - F q : , * *
Y . y X ov.
* 5 - * 4 F 3 pe
— * 4 5 i * 0 2 e : .
„ * PE * "= me 4 "

o &K & »& "© a X

C go b 2 * oy ww
— X C os 7 1
w 7 8 06 # 3 "4 bd * 9

Thou breab'st with Groans the Stillness of the Night,

Thou dost the ruddy Cheek of Health apale;

When thou appear'st, scar'd Pleasure takes its F light:

And grim Distress, and surly Teen assail:
Aw'd Gaiety retires; à Gloom ensues z -
And sable Sorrow sheds 0 baleful —

Thro' Thee, is _ Accident of Fate
With double Gall. embitter'd; > Thou do'st swell

Time's Spight, increase severe Oppression's Weight,

Improve Distress and Comfort's Rays repell :

Rending the Back with Age, while Youth remains;

And giving Sickness and — Fains.
xovn. on

Thus * the Tube had to he EY Ear
Convey'd this Embasly of fierce Lament,

Its Accents, less articulate and clear,

Bespeak the Tide of Exclamations spent ;

And the faint Voice, with gradual Decay,
Melting to Whispers sighs it self away.

XCVII.

t The sullen Goddess with malignant Smile;
Like Gleams of Sun-shine thro? an Evening Show'r,
Greets the Distresses of the Plaintive Style,

Which sets to view the Mischiefs of her Pow'r:

And, counting the recited Scathe her Gain,

Insults on Woe, and prides in giving Pain.

Mean while around the Walls fresh Murmurs creep

Like Notes of soft-ton'd Flutes on Silver Thames -

Like Philamel that sings the Night asleep,

Or purling Sounds of gentle-gliding Streams.

Agen the Goddess with attentive Ear
Listens, th' Applauses of her Rule to hear.

For notight but Praise the Second Tube did sound,

(ln Praise he triumph'd, as she did in Pain ;) The

„ — ——E— C ͤͥ _s_

ON dt CO. cd ET IDLE: DONG YO eo ee.

Th Applauses of her easy Sway rebouhd 7
Thro che dark Vaults, in thrill hathvonioug Strain;

Proud of the Tale, ther, rears her haughty Crest ;

When thus the warbling Brass its Lays et:
: 1 oy | 2bboyw neil! 371
Tode 37 4-501 Gl. 4-106 10:29) i

Hail! Mistress of Invention ! Nurse!of An b
Thou real Blessing, tho but rarely chose:
Thou cultivat'st the Genius, mend st the Heart,
Quelbst our vain Passions,” and prefersb's Repose
Thro' Thee, we into our own Souls descend;
Thro- — _ wer klar rer from the Friend

— \ \ FT 117 37 : 4
79973 nn ont ellis 2dr nuts
Vw © $ L Cu. 8 '1 T
— — 4 4 .- * F k
4 » WY wh L ” ” @& > 4 410 2 37601 Tt 101 10 Cw & p 3 —

Thro' Thee, we 400 the 8 of earty- Morn ;
Thro? Thee: with honest Labour, Health invite;
Thro' Thee, the Monarch's Board and Pastime scorn;
Content with homely Plenty, calm Delight:
No Danger from Envenom d Cups we fear,
Nor cherish Surfeite with too wanton Chear.
aud Fit dT node od Align 10d 101

The Cave of Poverty. 4t

0 0 Luxury, Thou Stranger to the Poor |
Thou sharp Disease of Wealth! Too treach'rous Fiend
That, like the cous ning Harlot, do'st allure

Bro Pleasures, which! in foul Distemper end.

Happy the State of Need, that 'scaping Thee
Is from the Train of Plagues thou nutsest free.

No racking Gout the poof Man's Ease destroys ;

1! No noxious Fumes from indigested Food

Give him Unrest ; no sickly Dream annoys.

His Night; or Feavers fire his temp rate Blobd:
WithHealth,andEvenSoulCrarcBleflings!)crown'd;
His Toils are sprightly, and his Slumbers sound.

0 Gold, Possession only seeming fair 1
Thou Sun-engendred Plague, unlike thy Sire |

Treasure of Pain ! What ever-during Care,

What Donbts,what inxious Fears do'st Thou inspire!
6 What

42 The Cave of Poverry.
What Crimeful Thoughts provoke, what Snares de-
How minister to Theft, and foul Surprize ! (vil

For Thee, the Robber's facrilegious Hand
Plundersthe Shrine ; For Thee, the Murth' rer stains
His Arm and Soul with Blood : z at thy Command
Sudden Rebellion frights the peaceful Plains:
Traitors, for Thee, in horrid Council fi it;

And, sconc'd in Night, onKingdomsDownfalls meet,

CVIE

For Thee, cold Modesty throws off her Veil,

Disdains the rofic Blush and down-cast Eye;

Wishful she listens to the Lover's Tale,

And fans his Ardour with an An rous Sigh :
Pernicious Gold, Thou Pois'ner of the Mind,
How do'st thou cherish Guilt in ev'ry kind?

CVIIL

But Innocence, and harmless Virtue, reigns,

Where honest active Poverty presides 5 ä
2 e Tustice

ise, WM Justice its unmolested Throne maintains,

And Vice her ignominious Visage hides:
Pleasure, and unsuspecting Peace embrace;
And no bad Frauds prophane the blissful Place.

10 CIX.

Industrious Art and skillful Labour thrire,
Nature the Garb of gay Improvement wears;
Thence their sure Source the Means of Life derive,
And kind Increase rewards their toiling Cares.

No griping Penury of Soul gonspires

To raise in Them unwarranted Desires,

deat Me, ye courteous Pow'rs, O seat me there,
Where Happiness forbids all curst Debate;

Where proud Ambition never durst repair, (Stat 5
Or Thoughts of Grandeur, and wreck-threat ning
Where Pride,aud starch'd Precedence are unknown,

The Noise of Courts, or Wravglings of the Gown.

4633. tue 11 15 CXL

There let the peaceful Dearn, and calm Retreat,

Teach me superfluous Pomp and Wealth to scorn;

Teach me the costly Trifles to forget,

Which vain Patriciens think their State adorn ;
Qn gaudy Fortune to look back with Pain;
And the cloud-kissing Palace to disdain.

CXIT.

O Blissful Life, sequestred from Desire !

O Station of Delight | Great Gift of Heav'n,

Where all, that Ease and Decency require,

From Tumult and Dependance free is giv'n:
Where sordid Avarice never racks the Brain,

Nor Passions swell the Breast, nor Crimesprophane.

CXIII.

Safety inshrines the Cottage and its King;
Sly Serpents never chuse the Grass that's low,
Sure aiming Expedationg always wing

he Sons of — to che Walled Show. a

The Cave of PoytrTY, 45

On o'ergrown Plenty Danger builds his Nest,
Night-wand'ring Knaves ne'er break the Poor
Man's Rest, |

CXIV.

Secure he traverses the lonely Glade,
The wide-stretch'd Forest, and mistrystful Wood,
Fearless of Violence, or Ambuscade
The Russian seldom thirsts alone for Blood:
But holds in likelihood his future Prey,
E'er he retard the Trav'ller in his Way.

O Poverty, thou Theme of lasting Praise !

Thou Jewel, and fair Wealth of Elder Times!

How did'st Thou serve to high Renown to raise

The Heroes of Old Rome, and Grecia's Climes ?
How did'st Thou give the Purple Consul grace,
When from . the Plough he rose t Imperial
Place ?

CXVI.

he „ — ® Re ;
5 The Ce, of Poverty
A ? e of Poverrty.
" 1 N . T4 * 1 * f — : | _ | 4 -
1 :51QNVE gur

Fabritivs speaks thy Merit, Thou his Fame;
Whom Royal Promises, nor Samnite Gold,
Could e er corrupt, to blast his glorious Name,
Or hated League with foul Dishonour hold :
Tho? sunk in State beneath Patrician sort,
His Virtue could his Dignity support.

CXVIL

Hzst thou not oft imparted Eloquence

To the strong-pleading Orator's Descant ?

Ha'st thou not oft improv'd the Poet's Sense,

Rais'd him to Fire, and made his Lays inchant >
Bards oft to Thee, more than the Muses; owe ;

Thou glv'st the Theme, and make f the Numbers
(slow.

CxXVIII.

Thou kindled'st up the never- dying Flame, ,
That still on ws shining Ruins feeds;
Thou lem'st Pelides his recorded Fame,

And threat' ning Dicmede his Martial Deeds :
From

The Cave of PoverTyY. 47

From thee, Laertes Son deriv'd his Toils ; |
His Foreign Contests, and Domestick Broils.

ol NIX;

Thou taught'st the Tragick Heroes first to rage,
Striking with Dread the wonder-wounded Ear "ab
With strong distress did'st the full Soul engage,
Drowning in Grief the late-imparted Fear :
Pity and Terror, with alternate Reign,
Seiz'd ev'ry Breast, and swell'd with varied
Pain.
O Goddess, from the gloomy Shades recal
Some noble Genius, thou did'st erst inspire ;
or firike some Living Virtue with thy Thrall,
And to thy Praises tune his warbling Ire;
Then shall thy Glories bloom, for ever gay,
And thy Cave live, till Time itself decay.

CXXI.

43 The Cs f Pavers.

Thus spake the Tube: When lo! on Eastern Cloud,
That sullenly receiv d her early Light,
The chearful Rosy-finger rd Morning glow? a;
With Blushes, like a rifled Maid, bedight : |

Th Enamour'd Sun holding the Nymphi in Chase,

Oer her young Beauties shed redoubled Grace
